WOMAN'S EXPONENT an interest in and.agitating the questions of Citizenship and Suffrage. Women' interested in this movement for political and educational advancement in the respective wirds have presided at juchmeetings.and arranged programmes for the pccasion. The first meeting was held in the Eleventh Ward on Friday Jan. 15. Mary A. Freeze Chairman, Lizzie L. Felt, Sec, and "the other, members of the, Committee were Dr. Ellis R". Shipp, Sarah White and Jeannetfe-Morri- s. .After singing from the Suffrage Song Book,prayer was offered and Dr. Elvira S. Barney read Zerelda G.Wallace's Suffrage leaflet, speeches by E. B. Wells and Lillie T. Freeze. The next meeting was on Tuesday Jan. 19, in the 17th Ward at the resi dence of W.J. Chair man and Ella Dallas Secretary. Dr. Barney read Henry Ward Beecber's suffrage leaflet and Apostle John Henry Smith made an eloquent ad t 1 I dress on political questions generally touching upon the local situatio n a nd t h e woman, q u es rtion. "Pres. Sarah M. Kimball followed with logi cal reasonings and E. B. Wells spoke briefly. In ,the third Ward Thursday Jan. 21, ameetingwas-helat which Delia W. Eardley presided and Miss Irvine was chosen Secretary. Hon. C.W.Penrose was, expected but could not go and sent a paper instead which was read by Dr. -- Maggie C. Shippsj)hes-wer-made-by-Emil- y- Isabella Home, Pbebe C. Young, Mary A. Freeze,' Margaret M.- Caine,-- and Hon. C. W. - - Penrose. aS oran,zecI June 18, 109 18S0, Mrs. was chosen Treasurer and filled the office up to the time of he'r demise. She has tilled the position of President onherimarJinT the iSth, Ward, also President of the Young Ladies' Association of the Ward.which place she occupiedrwhen called- away. - Her loss will be deeply fe'lt in the Ward for she was always ready to givegood gifts as well as sympathy and com- - which are happily associated together,' and I would be permitted to add my mite to the many a! y ?A 15 0. ofjhdrdiaracteristic-vfrtue- s which relate to human life and action. Faith is treated of,, af being the gift of God to man. True! and as true, it was the gift of God to the spirit of men before marrwasTH izr Faith, Hope and Charity, constitute the element of all spiritual i n t e I to the creations of God in the world of spirit life, as earth, air and water are to the human life in this world. They were before the world and wiil remain after the world in its temporal condition shall have passed away. As it is written 'faith, hope and charity, these three . JlSl -- i eoet nlo rjiied-OTldsTTheyi- rre suffered a great deal during the fjast few years, though she never lost courage, and her faith in the administration of the ordinances of the priesthood was firm to the last. Dear Fannv. sweet and Jovely inliet-ear- th lifertias gone, we mourn for the loss of her society here, but she rejoices with abide." They are eternal principles her loved ones there, and we know - that "All is These being the virtues and inherent qualities well." May our Heavenly Father comfort the of the Father, they are transmitted to his children bereaved ones, the children especially who have in the spiritual creation ; the.likeness of which we been.called to part with an angelic mother, and mayvtney emulate her noble and "wise example. " an'd powe'rs of his nature to his children after her patience, and fortitude of character,, her him. . and deuotion to the principles of the . EviJence of thi.i fact we have in little children Lefore their spirits become contaminated with Gospel. - evil influences that engender doubt and distrust. "So by small slow footsteps, .T.hey have the most implicit faith in every word By the daily cross, that father and mother speaks to them. Thev By the hearts unspoken yearning, have no. doubts nor fearsf-the-trutof alt that By its grief and loss: mother can to. kindle So He brings them honie to rest say thejr hopes of '"joy land" is It the labor With the victors clowned and blest i of life, of a mother's pleasure. love, to develop what is already implanted in the So! by scattered ruins, spirit by its spiritual creation. Were the germs By sweet links unbound, they would never be made to grow and By fair blossoms all unheeded, develop in man, as we understand they are de- -. Trampled on the ground; ... veloped in and constitute the character of our So He brings them home to Him, heavenly Father. The child of innocence, enWhere no cloud their joy can dim. dowed with these heavenly virtues, is a precious Talula the younger was the daughter of Clara charge with grave responsibilities, committed to . Decker and Brigham Young and was born mother's care. life The of on the 4th of March 1861, the day 'Abraham Jhe child is to be guarded so long as Lincoln was inaugurated, and died Jan. 20, 1892 possibly from every false thing whether" of age4-3- 0-: years' ten - months- and si xteen ' dap; wrd or3et;thxrcfeaf Talula was always a delicate child, while at certainty and truth of humanity, and thereby weakens the faith that should never )be checked in school she progressed rapidly and inclined to a classical education but her health would noti per- jitsgjfOwing streri . , mil 01 consiani siuuy. one rovea art ana gave ment in the soul. God has imparted the principle of faith as the ber attention to cultivation in painting; she' had a foundation for moral action, The mind must have truly poetic temperament aud appreciated the highest and best in all that tended to advancement its moral judgment, its laws of right and wrong for the development of the spiritual. in this direction and encouraged and aided her Faith stimulated and brought into lively action young friends in these lofty pursuits. Her taste demands works as evidence-o- f its living powery was exquisite, her love of the beautiful, her idea of harmony in coloring and other matters was , and these works are always accompanied by hope of realizing the intent of the act, and thus we find very fine. She was one of those dainty creatures that we rarely find like a rare flower or a precious that fiith and hope are virtues always found in harmony with each other,and are as closely allied gem. Her constancy to her friends under all cir cumstances was one of the strongest attributes as cause and efiect; inseparable in their relation. These in their operations under the influence of of character. She had a noble magnanimous soul was true as steel in friendship, if she had once charity, prompted by the love of God, develop trusted she could be relied upon though ail. the the character world frowned, she had the confidence of those his Maker. Hope is a rare virtue in the soul's with whom she was associated, and they knew spiritual development. The soul in which reason is developed by correct teaching hopes for the she would never betray it. But she has gone beyond recall, and we who right never for the wrong; for the good and not remain know that "Our Father doeth all things the evil; for happiness, never for misery; always well." , hopes for the reward of virtuev0ever for vice; is a power of strength to that endurance so often "If we could push ajar the gates of Jife., necessary to obtain the victory over that which And stand within and all God's working see, threatens to destroy, if possible the faith we have We could interpret all this doubt and strife, so fondly and justly chenshed. And for each mystery could find a key.'' It is the defender of that faith; the weapon of our defence against every assailant that would "And if through patient toil, we reach the land seek its destruction. The more faith- and hope U here tired feet with sandals loosed may rest. are cherished, the stronger they become, an "Where we shall clearly knowand understandr evidence of their virtue and undying metit. With- I tl)ink that we will say God knew the best." out the possession and exercise of them we cannot please God, the source from whence they are FAITH HOPE CHARITY. derived; with them. we may be his children, and inherit the love of God which is charity, jhe - on - self-sacrifi- d - - h -- b. Richards, and Dr. Elvira S. Barney. In the tenth Ward Friday afternoon a meeting was held where the speakers were Dr. Elvira S. Barney, Elizabeth Mc'Farlane, Elizabeth Price, M. hot-ther- : . IN MEMORIAM. "Of all the thoughts of God that are ; Born inward unto souls' afar . rT Ihatcher ie Beattie,-PhebeY.Beatt- CPnI'.t! A -- . Now tell me if that any is, For gifts or grace surpassing this 'Hegiveth His beloved sleep' " - . r Death often steals away from those who love them the dearest and the best, the purest spirits, the fairest flowers of earth, those that gladden and cheer the home, and whose faces are ever light with peace and joy. "Death loves a shining mark," has been written and so it has been in the sudden departure of the two young women who died so closely to each other, daughters ' of the late President Brigham Young. . It was a terrible shock to the community hen it was announced that Mrs. Talula Young only a few months married, was dead, and when oh the following morning it was known that the spirit of her sister Mrs. Fanny Young Thatcher had also taken its flight from earth, to those who loved them most, the blow seemed heavier than ever. Both were talented and accomplished, and very generally beloved. Fanny the eldest was the daughter of Liicy Decker and Brigham Young and was born in pioneer times, January 25, 1849, she died Jan. 21, 1892, nearly 43 years of age; she leaves a married daughter and two boys and one grandson. Lovely ; &-oo- GOnstantaad true in friendship, and faithful in all the. relations of life, and in all the duties aiid privileges of a Latter-da- y Saint; tenderly loved, and Ardently admired for Jieovpmanjylat tributes and graces, of vhich she seemed not to lack one; she. possessed rare talent in music and had composed some beautiful pieces when quite young, but her eyes failing heshe was compelled to forego this pleasure; her very soul was sympathetically musical and she has gone now to "Join, the choir invisible, Of those immortal dead who live again. When the Central Board of the Young Ladies - - ...... " -.- - - BY S. W. RICHARDS. The columns of the Exponknt have been used to investigate the merit of these three words j greatest of the three. Charity in this connection that charity that never faileth; can only be considered as being the love of God. "God is love." On this is suspended 