WOMAN'S EXPONENT. T01 that we may again behold the face of our Father and our own hearts say, 'Meet your children with elected Clerk; In- the drawing of seats .Ex. in heaven, and may we be' filled with a smile;" so We must charity on go as thesa are days of blessings and trials. smiling and smiling, Speaker Reid of Maine, Hulman of InJiana the agony .at. our hearts letting and O'Neill of Penn., wererallowed to inakV We desire to extend jdown, downy greetings to all tlie sisters -and perhaps first the selection. o places, these gentlemen by smiles J pothered galherings orevery'branch of the society throughthat were so hard to give. byylhe very ' having occupied seats there for over fourteen out the worldjthat the spirit of God with love and what does the world owe to the Ah, mothers, years. union, and forgiving all,raay permeate every sonl, the patient, loving, Dec. 9, the only business was mothers? Who and be assured sisters we have to nothing to fear can tell? How m a ny i ves have bee n turn ed , - the reading of the President's" "message, when knowing that God rules. May we be true and changed House the the completely until smile by adjourned of encouraging Saturday. faithful, and our fasting and prayer and rejoicing the mother, or the LVc: 10. Six h u mired nd t wel ve hi lis fu'i and love song, 'of coming be acceptable to God, that Zion may w"ele prosper. to introduced wirr in" ..the gladness her child back "to "the" "path of Senate, No. 1. bein The humility of the 6ul is true wealth. ' Paddock's hill to righteousness. prevent tha adulteration and' Zina D. H. Young. A lady once li.ed b .side a new food.. General Maudersen of misbranding house, that was i utrod u c.d a bill to es tahl Ish ; p. t a I ga vi gs just goingjip The workmen were very profane banTiaud and as she had a little U; W. P. CLUB. daughter she feared the Sherman to encourage email savings. Mr. to establish a public health depart-meu- t example, as the great oaths followed etch other Mr. Voorhees 1 0 erect a statue in the Minutes of the meeting of the U. W. P. Club Jn quick succession. There were so many of the Smithsonian grounds to Kobert Dale Owen. men that sh could held at the parlors of the Woman's Exponent enough to ask them to hardly summon couragt to amend the naturalization and desist, so she thought o Wednesday Dec. 3oth,i8c)r, at 8, p. m. Called to immigration Jaws?. ..Mr. 1'Iumb to grant k pen- order by the . President, K. 13. Wells. Minute another way. She sang sweet religious songs in her;cler,-xhev "en read to.he Secretary: strongvbrceang-vll- h: who are incapacitated for manual; labor. A the profane voices were all couragement poem from the able pen of Julia A. largo- number of religious bodies presented she sans? entitled "One Phase of the Divine M:s- - hushed, as if listening. As long-athat the World's pttiticnr Fair bo asking there were no voices, and when the swearing, h- -. ision of Woman'' V3S then read. closed 011 Sunday. A number of petitions ask Miss N. V. Davis of the 14th Dist. school told gan and she broke into the sweet 0I4 strains of fur the prohibition of the slave and rum traffic "Jesus, Lover of My Soul" the voices were all on the Congo. a very pleasing Christmas story' in a happv mansilenced. 'Dee. 14, Bilb of importance introduced into- ner. Gladys Woodmansee rendered some, fine In the still roughestheart "re we senate; ben, bquires to erect a monument musical selections on the piano and and Miss TTi con-tinuall- y, , song-singin- g ug 1 - , 11 Mr.-IVffe- " . Ma'c-Jona- - ld s .J - . som--soft-s- pot -- mains, can thus be made different," think of the influence on our babies. So,dear mothers.let us continue to sin : sing gladly if you can, even though we do not feel altogether so ourselves. But let us sing any and4ta-s4ThaTdenediie- DjLdssangthe-G- er ymn and - another German song in a very sweet voice. Treasurer R. M. Fox sent a letter of rejrret for non attendance and an original article relating to man-ChTrstrrc- tB-H the rights of wives and husbands. Dr. E. ,R. Shipp read an original poem entitled "For Those We. Love." The President then read a very in teresting article on "Club Cloture" and remarked that we wished to obtain all good ideas for club work as we wanted to do creditable work this coming year, in order that may be able to join the Federation and meet with them at the World's Fair which will surely prove benefical. in .the lE terchange of ideas and the awakening of new. way. trGtiirTj;SrGrant at art - - ' . Bertha Packard Englet. Belmond, la. c. F1FTYSECOND CONGRESS U. S. at tha Capitol buihling-in-- :. , purely- - literary and Woodmansee-- 1 read- - a poem from Whittier entitled "The Watcher." -- TJelicious refreshments were then served by the President. After which benediction was pro nounced by Miss Woodmansee, and meeting ad- journe'd until Jan. 30th, 1892. Ellis R Shipp, M; D., Rec. Sec. f SINGING MOTHERS.' As night began to spread her shadowy vings over the great throbbing world about us, from the open doors and windows of the houses near came the sweet sound of voices in song. They- - were mothers' voices, and no one who heard the wealth of love throbbing in every line and word could doubt that some one was being rocked to sleep, that some little restless head was pillowed upon a loving arm, that some one's eyes were droop mg nearer and nearer the rosy cheek. Yes, in every house in my immediate neighborhood the noise and prattle of little childrenare heardaii 'day long, and the sweet bedtime song at night. Hark ! "Bye O Baby, Bye O Darling." Ah, res, that same old song sung to us, I ween, and to our parents before us. Then in the little white ' . t . t rr .,. -nouse just across the way tne woras, ttt jesus ivccp Me Near the Cross," came so soft and low I bent ' my ear to catch the words. I fell into a reverie, ... now strong and lovinganct hopetui tne voice sounded, and yet I knew some heart must have its burden. But burdens must. not be laid upon the little hearts, to sap the sunshine and happiness there. So whatever trouble the mother knows, the trusting eyes only see. a patient, loving face hpnHtncr nvpr tlipm. It is ever so. The papers say. "Meet your husband with a smilejV L . !.' C : -- on the first xMonday in Uecember 18U1 in the J? llty second Congress which opened at 12 m. lhe nrst business beloro the assemhlv "was recelvins tFe resignation of Senators Geo.- 1 " commerce act;' Sen. Pettegruw "lurnisli rations for the G. A. JL at ita next annual convention in . Washington. Sen. Mitehtll for :dbe.deljOpmeE: Pflk Tafrurr " during the wek btf ohFf Christmai'-th- e Fr Edmunds of Vermont and John fl. Reagnn House was in session only a part of the time of Texas, two very influential members of the and was occupying itself mostly Ivith the dis- V s - Washington- -- Js i5, Jil!intrmIuecd,"Sen. iIorriIl! to enlow Howard University, to erect a bronze statue of Prof. Baird ol the Smithsonian; to erect a bronze statue of Columbus in Wadi-bgtoSen. Culloin to' ameuil the .'interstate h; The Congress of the United States assembled " thoughts. The object of this club Sui. n; Alaska. M-- - Waihin-to- Hale to establish a permanent census-offie- e; Sen. Mitchell to prohibit, absolutely Chinee from coming into the United States whether Chinese subjects or not; Sen. Frye to provide for a commission on the alcoholic liquor traffic; Sen. Manderam to provide for the eurve) of c-- - - " . Senate.. Credentials were received of Charles N. Felton to fill the vacancy caused by the 1 ears t a n I il fa tli o f Sena tor G eorge of Charles II. Gibson caused by the death of Ephraim jNV Wilson, ot Maryland, also of other new Senators.' The House was culled to order bv the Clerk of the preceding Congress, roll called and. house adjourned - On thH following dav Dec. 8. after renorts af various officers the Vice President laid be fore the Senate a number of petitions : and memorials, Colorado asks that all pubjic lands except mineral lands be given to the State. umi una inravs lor removal oi miueriii re- istrmtinns untnschool lauds.and both Colorado Montana memorialize in favor of Pad nii bill. The Ladies Missionary dock's pure-fooSociety oL the . Fin-- United Presbyterian Church of Kansas City Mo., petition that the Wrhl's Prtir niav not be onened on Sundavl New Senators were sworn in and both Call of TT'lrldfl nd Duhois of Idaho took their seats though papers had been filed contesting their places and referred to the Committee. on Privi leges' and Elections; Then names were presented for Speaker of the House bj their re-spective parties unaries r. vyiijj ui vjeorgia, Democrat, .receiianihe.lugheat vote;in Urn s the; J )emocratic majority" Tire House. Quite a number of deaths have occurred according to the vacancies that had to be filled in the Houe. W. B. Cochran General Spinola of New York, Charles van . Job ri C. Hank r, or. V.yrA nf f i eh i o T)u,ivuaj, rt Xj. jjci Gamble JohrrJ. CV .Tenn,, Jolley, Hank (of L. of South Dakota. James Kerr of Penn., .was d t " "vole-show- guc-cee- ds 1 ! -..w.--. position of committees. Lmy Ktitions lor closing the World's Fair on Sunday were received, two of them from -- Congregational.Uiurch-vNe- Rock Fails, lil.rk Gloucester, Me.-an- tharXSJiigrs loan ' 5 000 000, to the Fair,conditioual upon Sun- is ft decided the Committee on day closing. World's Fair be known as Committee on r Columbian Exposition. , Senator Mitchell presented a numerously signed petition praying Congress to take action to invite a conference ot the iroveruments'of the JtVorhA9 JMewl M ri ngzt he Coium bianExposi- non, 10 uevise, discuss ai.d recommend measures by which arbitration ma v be incor porated in treaties, international laws harmonized, an interna tiouaK. court established that shall have jurisdiction in case3 which governments fail to settle by negotiation. Sen. Daniel for the completion of the monument to Mary the mother of Washington. - Thesrialt whcji is at Frederick. burg dates back to 1 833, owes its origin to Gen. Jackson. The pedtstal is a wreck and the shaft is bullet-ridde- n . i and has suffered still worse from relic, hunters. It is the opinion of notable women, who should certainly have their opinio? , reciuized, 'that the statue be ereWd in WWhiiigton, where it may be felt m the prop- erty of the whole nation, and appreciated by multitudes. Other bills are; to extend privilege of free; postage to historical societies; to purchase S. W, Price's portrait of Gem; Gj. H. Thomas, and W'm. Mathew's portraic f Abraham Lincoln; to provide for the safety of switch-"- " : men, , .brakeraetrand'ngjc4-,Jd(aiCullo- - r : -- 