WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 142 - 4- to the ancient'Apostlcs, "Go ye into all the world those appointed to lead, and I now turn the key &c," no matter who believes these signs, such as .'to you in the name of God, and this Society shall rejoice and knowledge and intelligence shall flow healing the sick, casting out devils, should follow down from this time, this is the beginning of bet all that believe, whether male or female. If the. sisters have faith to .heal the sickrlet. ter days for you. them do so, and let the good work roll on. It is When you go home never give a cross word, no sin for anybody to administer to" the sick that" but let kindness, charity and love crcwn your has faith, or if the sick have faith to be healed by works. .Do not envy sinners, exercise mercy to the administration.' Reproved those that were disposed to find i . 1 . l. 1 j 1 " Bad : tr: ..1 .: . i had to surmount, ever since the organization of the Church, on account of aspiring men, said the same aspiring disposition will be in this Society, and must be guarded against. As he had the opportunity he would, instruct the Society how to act according to the will of God. He did not know that he should have many op portunities of teaching them, they vere going to be left to themselves, they would not long have him to instruct them, the Church would not have his instruction long and the world would., not be troubled with him a great while, according to his prayer ooa naa appointed mm eisewnere. ine congregation was melted to tears. He exhorted the sisters to sustain with their confidence, their' faith, and their prayers, those whom God had appointed to lead. Said the keys are about'to be given to you that you may be able to detect anything false, as readily as the Elders. If members of the Society become corrupt, tou must deal with them, the sympathies of 'the heads of the Church have induced thenT.to bear with those that were corrupt, in consequence of, which-al- l become contaminated, you must put down iniquity and by your good example provoke the Elders to irood works. If you do right, there is no danger of going too fast, resist evil and there is no danger, neither God, men, angels or devils can condemn those that resist everything that is evil. As well might the devil seek to dethrone Jehovah, as that soul that resists everything evil. You are now placed in a situation where you can actaccording to those' sympathies which. God-has- . planted in..your bosoms. If you live in accord with your privileges angels cannot be restrained from being your associates. Women if they are pure and innocent can come into the presence of God.- If we would, come into the presence of God we must be pure. The devil has great power, his ways are deceptive. Do not be contentious,but Jet the weight of inno cence be felt, which Is more mighty than a millstone hung about the neck, meekness, love,purity these are the4hings that shoald magnify us. Iniquity must be purged out, then the veil will be rent and the blessings of heaven will flow - -- f down. . . - . , , , - After this instruction you will be more responsible, it is an honor to save yourselves, all are responsible for themselves. Then read the 13th chapter of Cor., "Though I speak with the tongue of men &c." said do not be limited in your views with regard to your neighbors' virtues, do not think yourselves more righteous than others. You must enlarge your souls towards others, if you would do like Jesus and carry your fellow creatures to Abra'ham's bosom, He had manifested long suffering and we must do the same. Said "Though one have the spirit of prophecy &c.," though one should become mighty and do great things, overturn mountains, and., then turn" to do that which is evil, all former deeds would not save them, but they would go to destruction. As you increase in innocence, virtue and goodness, let your hearts expand, let them be enlarged towards otliers, you must be and bear with the faults and errors of mankind. How pccious the souls of rnenj The Society is to get instruction through the order which God has estublished,through the medium of long-sufierin- g, necessary, and your influence helped to bring about my redemption rom the hands of my enemies. I have come here to bless you. The Society has done well, their principles are to God loves you - and your practice holiness. prayers ishall avail much do' not, cease to let them ascend to God in my behalf. The enemy will never get weary. I expect he will array everything against me, expect a tremendous warfare. He'that will war the Christian warfare will have the angels and. all the powers of darkness con'." tinually arrayed against him. A few things had been manifested to him during his absence, respecting baptism,for the dead which he would communicate next Sabbeth i cothmg" should occur to prevent it. He then offered a fervent prayer to God in behalf of the business' Society. After the transaction I which of Pres. Smith offered counsel. Said he had oncmore remark to make respecting baptism for the dead, which must suffice for the present and until he had Ihe opportunity to present the subject at a greater length. All persons baptized for the dead must have a recorder present, that he maybe an to testify of it. It will be necessary in the Great Council that these things be testified of. It should be attended to from this time. .If there is any iacK it .may .De at ine expense or our friends. This was the last R. S. meeting that Pres. Joseph Smith attended. During the two years administration of Pres. Emma Smith and her associates, visiting sisters were appointed to search out the needy, to find to receive contributions work for the and to report conditions. s extended to the The labors of the Societyjwere : t four wards of the City. 1275 names were enrolled as members. The recorded receipts were $415.24. An appropriate song composed expressly for the Jubilee by Emily H. Woodmansee, was beau- - tifully rendered by the choir, "O blest was the day when the Prophet and Seer.'" wards them; Let your administrations be confined mostly to those around. you. As far as knowledge is con cerned, it may extend to all the world. But your administrations should be confined to the circle of your acquaintance, and more especially to the members of the ocfety. Those ordained to lead the Society are authorized to appoint officers as the circumstance's shall require. If any have a, matter to reveal, let it be in your own tongue do not .indulge too much in the gift of tongue's, or the devil will take advantage. You may speak in tongues for your comfort. But I lay this down as a rule, that if anything is taught by the gift df tongues, it is not to be re ceived for doctrine." " Pres. Smith "then gave instruction respecting women administering to the sick by the laying on of hands, said it was according to revelation, he never "was placed in similar circumstances, and never had given, the same instruction. At the ninth Relief Society meeting, May 26th, the Prophet read the 14th chapter of Ezekiel, and said the Lord had declared by that prophet that the people should each one stand for themselves and depend on no man.pr men; in the state of corruption in the Jewish Church, that righteous persons could drily deliver their own souls. Applied it to. the present condition of the Church of Latter-da- y Saints If the people depart from the Lord, they must fall, they were depending on the Prophet, hence there was darkness in their minds. He had two things to recommend to the Society. Be guarded in your speech.no organized body can exist without giving heed to this caution. All or evils, weak ganized bodies-hav- e nesses and difficulties, the object, is to make those DELIVERED AT not so good equal with the good, and ever hold PRAYER OF PRES. JOS. F. SMITH, HIGH NOON, MARCH 1 7, 1 892. the keys of power which will influence to virtue Preliminary Remarks. and goodness. I am sorry to announce that in consequence of When you chasten and reprove, never mention President Woodruff having a severe cold, he did it again, then you will be established in power, virtue and holiness and the wrath of God will be not feel able to attend this meeting and therefore desires to be excused. He also desires that turned away. God designs to save the people out of their sins. Jesus said "Ye shall do the tbepeople would remember him in their prayers. works which ye see me do,' these are the, grand Agreeable to the wish of the Presidency of the Relief Society we will unfte inprayer. I hope for the Society to act upon. The tenth meeting wis addressed by Bishop N. that all the people who are assembled here will lift up their hearts unto God, according to their K. Whitney, Pres. Joseph Smith being present. Eleventh meeting June 9th. Pres. J. Smith, desires, for blessings upon the Relief Society "It grievesme that there is no fuller fellowship, throughout all theworld,and upon the Church if one member suffers all feel it, by union of feel- - and those who have been called to preside, and mg we obtain power with God, Christ said he to labor for the promulgation of the principles came to call sinners to reDentaDce and to savp of truth. We will now unite in prayer: them, Christ was condemned by the righteous Jews because he took sinners in to his society, he O God, the Eternal" Father,- - in the name of took them upon the principle that they repent. Jesus Christ thy Son, and in humility before thee is so much. calculated to lead people to we thy people have assembled here, on this in: Nothing forsake sin, as to. take them by the hand and lift up our hearts teresting occasion, we desire-twatch over them with tenderness.- - The nearer in prayer and in supplication unto thee,and we de we get to our Heavenly Father, the more we are sire, Heavenly Father, to draw near unto thee, in withto look compassictHHn perishing disposed spirit and in . truth, in humility and in faith, and sums. 1 say 10 mis societv it wi 'wnnM Wr we pray that thou wilt hear and answer our God have mercy onyou, have mercy on each supplications. We are grateful unto thee O God, other. ' How mild the Savior dealt with Peter the Eternal Father, that we are permitted to cele "When thou saying:, art converted, strengthen brate the 50th anniversary of the establishment at another lime he said to him thy brethren," upon earth of this organization, which is called; "Lovest thou me? Feed my sheep." The Society the Relief Society; and we humbly pray thee is not only to relieve the poor, but to save souls. that in our hearts this day, we may feel that Sixteenth meeting held in the Grove August- gratitude which is due to thee, that we have 1842. After 31st, relating recent difficulties he been permitted to pass through a half century, had encountered while being hunted, by his m comparative peace, that we have, been pre enernie heaid-tRelief-Societyto- taken--anserved- rfflrfromnhe2ods-c- f active part in my welfare, in petitioning the wicked men, and from those who .have sought Governor in my behalf. These measureswere our destruction and overthrow. We thank thee of-so-me jxUbe-adjustme- nt '' . eye-witne- ss " able-bodie- d. their-pecul- iar . . key-wor- ds ' o - ' - , W. - - by'-thy-ower- . fub .' 