WOMAN'S i EXPONENT. Conn. Jane Holt was deeply interested in this latter-da- y work especially in the young inthe primary Associations, people and spoke upon prayer and several other subjects. ' Pres. Grant said we have heard many good things and been truly edified and blest. Singing "How beauteous are their feet who stand on Zioii's, hill." Benediction by ..13rother Smitli.Conference adjourned1 for three mouths to be held at Kast Bountiful. ... 39 a passing: notice would require more time and many a dying soul back to life and ultiand ability than I have at my command. mate prosperity; and how cheerfully were all On the 71I1 day of April 1847 the pioneer labors of love and charity , performed by them! I have the .distinguished honor of company left the Missouri .river and commenced their journey, toward the setting knowing from personal experience and obsun. It consisted of 148 souls 143 strong, servation, the truth of Miiiat I say. In the . brave meir, three equally brave and couragopening up and settling of new countries hiseous women, and two children. tory presents no parallel to that of pioneer History tells us somewhat of those noble. Utah. Never in human experience has such a how their untiring hand ofgrand pioneer men been surrounded efforts and cheerful influence wefe brought by such ' noble, pure," and to bear upon the" hearts of tlfose earnest earnest women. In the Organization. of the Pi.rK.Biv C. Sessions, Secretary. . JtoilexsJiLtiekAYe -- sochl rfabric--:line of their record we find inspiration to woman has ever been the principal factor, noble deeds and higher thoughts. .7 andJier gentle refining influence has borne ' When preparing for the perilous journey its divine fruit, in the rearing throughout ' to the unknown west, and the hearts of these Rocky Mountain valleys the most in- Israel were overshadowed with anxiety for telligent, refined, prayerful, virtuous and SOUTH BOUNTIFUL V. S. A. the friends with whom they were about to progressive posterity that of On invitation from the Woman.; for how knew the were ever part, not, long they any country of South Bountiful, Dr. Elvira blessedjvith; hns. shadows of is that ntnh it imrverirrconceded S.; Barney and Mrs. K. glooinjell IcFarlaneqfSalL IIIPifalion .oCsongand in chorus "the of amount musical greatest ability" of ;.Lake.:Xity4ilsorIrs."i;ucy-A,Glark"-o- f the hosts of Israel on in earth sang: any country proportion to its Farmington, and Mrs. Martha Fackrell of population, and I ask you if that fact is not West Bountiful visited the associationof ''The time of winter now is o'er. one of the direct results of virtuous, d r Soutli "Bountiful. There's verdure ot the plain; ' Christian mothers? It is said 4by We leave our sheltering roofs once more The first speaker was Mrs. Lucy, A. their fruits ye shall know them," and I And to our tents again. Clark who gave instructions pertaining to Oh! camp of Israel on ua id move, Stand here today and proudly invite "your the World's Fair; and other.- - business was O! Jacob rise and sine: attention to the fruits of the social system laid before the association. Mrs. McFar-lan- e Ye saints the world's salvation prove; that those pioneer women assisted in estabAll hail to Zion's King." . next addressed the house, poke of the lishing, and with religious devotion have ballot for woman and treated the subject in And brightness took the place of gloom, maintained, and challenge the intelligent an interesting manner, and touched on other hope banished despair, faith removed and world to say they are not good points pertaining to the. suffrage question. We" have but to' look into the faces of -- Dr. -- Barneyrherself wellr of that pioneer song, the march was those bright, sweet little darlings around us pleased with the work of the association, e was maSe more here today listen to their angelic music, dwelt at some, length on equal rights; taken up, the camp-fircheerful, the stout hearts of brave men made follow them to their comfortable and happy explained many things in regard to the more homes; note their advanced condition in all hopeful and courageous,, and those insituation and position of woman today; a spired words and that "music were given to educational mattcrs, and bow to the fruits few spicy jokes were mixed in with her rea of pioneer principle and effort. marks which were very appropriate. All Israel by' woman. And when Jhejlednii05. wjshed to hear jromMrs. PnckrelL-and-shInto the wealth woman is no less prominent' than iu trarmfrjol Te"5ponded"in a "Brief speech in behalf ofoufwilderness, that song of a woman brought the social. , For many many years in the early frage and equal rights. Meeting "adjourned cheer and sunshine to the exhausted souls. history of Utah, there was but little clothing for one month. after their weary day qf travel. iThiQugh wwn-tha- t did 11 Sarah H. Howard, President. "memorwoman first to the hand card, thence to the Lthe4eiWecfehesfThat able journey, and the innumerable trials of hand spinning-wheethence to the hand those who came hither subsequently, woA PIONEER ADDRESS! loom, and from there to the wife tailor, to man's noble work and elevating and refin- the household km tterj and the female hatter All that the cunning and device of human BY SIRS. ELK CTAJB UIJQCK- lngjnfluencewere seeiindrfeltfrrathou sand different ways. We see her when de hands could perform under the circumstances Delivered at : the celebration in Pro vo, voting her attention to the helpless and in those women zealously seized the oppor d many instances children; anon tunity to do and with bram and hand July 24, 1892. : giving, succor to the unfortunate sick, and labored to save and maintain the credit of i: The 24th day of July! The pioneer day again, by her their husbands Taud Mhers, both at home encouraging words--andu- n of Utah it is called; and why- do tt conand abroad, and formerly there was no swerving faith, banishing from her hustract the term to apply only to Utah? Why band's, brothers' or sons' heart every country on earth whose credit was superior not give to it its full and true application, shadow of discouragement and nlantimr -. to that of Utah. : "The The there thegrahdest purposes andnoblesr 7uly As to the female literary ability among us pioneer day of the region ambitions, perchance mounting her steed but little need be said.-It-- is too well known and the Pacific Coast." and driving stock upon the trail, or manag to require comment from me today. It js Truly this is the day when every man ing her ox or hose team, as the situation at unnecessary- for meto f iff you the .J mgfonf .,, tr , .andwoman who has beerr the - fecipieiioT Luc I... lxiuiiiciiL brilliant to of nerseir female uemanueu, suiung array literary talent, so n the privilege of this Divinely every circumstance, and cheerfully meeting well known 'to the educated world, but suffavored land, between the Missouri river, ever' emergency, and with a faith peculiarly fice it tn tLIV flint nrrrirli and the Pacific coast, should bow their heads her own, tlie hand ot God m every uiiu pupuiauon we nave no peer 111 this or in humble reverence, aiidliftrtheir hearts in" condition seeing she was called upon to meet. any other country either in prose or song. earnest praise and thanksgiving to their jwhenthe valley the restingr place and 7 Ahd do you ask me about our Father-i- n heaven for this day the annifuture home was finally reached, we see her record?. It you do, let me briefly political answer versary of the day when that brave and in- - hand in hand with her husband and father, you . - From; time immemorial we have spired band pitched their scorched and toiling along . unmurmuritigly at every carried iu the front, lield up to- the eyes of tattered; tentsrm the GreafSairiake'Vaney legitimate occupation presenting itself to all the world the banner we proudly- - wave and seized upon the key that opened up to herrwherebyshe" could aist in earning the today f "Not Superiority, but Equality :.h our race the new and golden world; common necessaries of life, and make a Memorial after memorial have we modestly I am asked to speak to you today in be- home for family,; and render assistance to but forwarded to the earnestly legislative half of the women, who have taken so friends. of our authority great country asking that noble and prominent a part in the almost And wheirthe"earytide" of emigration, our principle be recognized; we have never incomprehensible drama that lias been commenced across the continent to the wavered from our purpose, and with the played for the last forty-fiv- e years upon this ' ' Land of Gold " and the exhausted pilgrims help of God we never will until we are in landr to which the eyes of the world are arrived in the Salt Lake Valley, the created the full possession of that which we know turned today. . : , .oasis in the desert, sick in hod v and at .... l. .vi ' U til Will To-dmy subiect even an approimte, hiifMittmtvXiOTSfnhndr hands daughters :'nnH a urhi 'justice, or to givelneir '.unparalleled of those pioneer women have nursed many the recognition of "Political liaualitv " ' . high-minde- d, ; o , the-pionee- rs Suffrage-Associatio- one-gran- ' d pure-minde- - . - -- after-express- ing e- - " - l; half-starve- - v- "Hthdayf and-say- Inter-mounta- .! in - -- . 1 1 . -- 1 God-give- -- : - ' . . 1 a -- o I V nr A, I 