EXPONENT. WOMAN'S 0 the nhuu-- 1;V r f dated Ft b. 0, 1802. Eliza I). Keith (I)i Vernon) has dupf up the dates of her patriotic article3! and in the News Tetter of May 14; 1892, has published a history of the whole matter, under the 'appropriate caption: "Honor the Flar." With "Vernon; a.k: "Don't you think that instead of taking the lead, you were rather late in dropping ?tU 1802. - f man's Exponent. Journalid. --- , - MRS. M. H. VAX. M. I). - r Building to her resideuce, 167 THIRD STREET. Office hours, 2 to 4 p m- Cold death often visits the most perfect house hold, Selecting the dearest of all; None purer, nor better, from out of the threshold, .E'er answered the sorrowful call - Ml S OE LEA NEOUr?.' A nnble deed U a Hep toward heaven. It to m. Than Mary, so lovely in face, mind and spirit, Intelligent, gentle and true; Her counsel so wise, that air paused to hear it, " Like wisdom is given to few. .. . a thousand time better to suffer than ' :Affbrd others "the" snme indulgence you would wi-to receive. Jf L is JarJe?3--- a iH'erou iu jdin with th n thsn wiih the tongue. d Prayer will make lis leave -- S DRESS GOODS AND TRIMMINGS, AND NOTIONS, BOOKS AND STATIONERY, EQU- I. POISE WAISTS, ETC. DrsH linking: in all its branches, ."MJIIInery, Into ni ntrirarncit s'vj'p, lint uiKi f tc.Itonnel tIo;uh1 rVntlierscur ed. .Mahinlnjr dure (oonlcr. I'.iu. t ms cuvered while you wait. Ilurial Miffs a ieclaIljT? i utsT sot-tiQ Hi. Ur sthi;i:t, 1NU. UO , TnnecICMd s w.t of Theatre. FANCY-ARTICLE- . With thy kindred to be blest. font: Alvira S. Pres. Hirst, Ann C. Bf.rtoch, Nancy H. Ddardon, sinning, or will make u? leave ofFpraying. inning A bitter jc-r- , when it comes too near the truth, will leave a sharp sting behind it; ' off-- ' ' 26,2Sr30and32 East 1st SoutliSt., Counselors. Fanny H. Jenkins, Sec'y. 4 IN Keopson Hand - Farewell denr mother, we do hot mourn thee 'As one dead, but gone to res, t, One knows the value of pleasure only after ' he has suffered paiir ; flift iHsrfiirlrfii , ' h SALT LAKE CITY. OBITUARIES. Sister Oina Rollins was born July 26th, 1S16, in London, England,, wii ere she became a member x)f the Church of a intFJ jeyasrmstof Latter-daShe emigrated to Utah in 1S52, and soon after settled in Mound Fort, where she remained almost continuously until her decease. After years of faithful labor as a teacher she was appointed, on Jan. 9th, rSS2, First Counselor to the President of the Mound Fort Relief Society -- us-long- - y er, etlh Gash w.tm J iihls9 a tti Ok m'm mf r t wtm Ium Ph the: on hand to strengthen the weak and administer to Christ of Saints in 1S53, or '5., emigrated to America in 857- - lea viiig. her 4)ar.ents,- - th e sick an d n eed y . h Latter-da- Leading Retail The. MEMORIAM. Another noble spirit uas departed! one whom weJiid-vaiuI'and y 'jiaped 4o keep with we feci d eeplyi he vva n t .oFher pFesence, her beloved society, which was ever like the perfumed fl o we r, d is pe ro ugh ever y hour. nsings we Sister M iry Haines Jacobs, was Hie beloved -.daughter. of John and Sarah Haines, she was born August' 13th 1S27, at North iVthcston, "Somerset- - her office, from Constitution HAS REMOVED hearted, Yet feeling that Father knows best. in-'t- o Sarah Colton, Abigail Oaks. gentle one gone4o While friends are left desolate; bowed, and "sad. A. ' Mellissa Reynolds, A'brig'ht spirit has flown, a loved one departed her-rest- 1 T : i , Tlie - " 9, "line?" copy be sent to the bereaved family, and the Wo- at Pleasant Green, of ; pneumonia. She leaves a Joving husband, five children and eleven grandchildren to mourn ner less, her eldest son is now filling a mission in Indiana. d.V.l w ' March up in editorials ofvi.l. y WESTERTDidil Uui till ttliRu 1 ::3irotkersiuL4utrs.4r. hskHrfcerhe was married October 14th, 1S5S, to Daniel Jacobs,, ' in the State of New York; in is59 they were "able " to come to Utah; Brother Jacob's having means enough to pay his wife's passage, jir.d working :uPon the vvav tQ Py.M$ own way. They passed through all the hardships that the Saints in those days had to endure. Sister Jacobs was ill all the way crossing the plains, hut he'neveTlmiea;'. she passed through many severe trials,-.butwas faithful to the end, always cheerful and contented happy in doing good for those around her, never a word of complaint passed her Hps; her faith and trust in God were unbounded. A true wife and ther in tlie trxiest sense of the term, "she pos- sessed a.spirit of love and benevolence towards all, to know her was to love her, for she" always , had a kind word and a pleasant smile for one and all,' she has been active in many public capacities-Siste- r Jacobs made Iser home for'some tTnieTtvStl Charles, Bear Lake Couty, Idaho. In 1S67 she was called to act a Counselor in the Str Charles EeHerSociety-whic- h office she held until 1SS0, when she was called arid, to' preside as President over that Society, which office she held deprived the Societv of her esteemed labors of love, and feeling un willing to occupy a position she could hot magnify, she tendered her resignation which was accepted with regret on Dec. 28th, 1S90. After a lingering and painful illness she died May 2Sth, iS9?,.a faithful and true Latter-da- y Sajnt in the hope of a glorious resurrection. Two surviving children'amr nfahy" grand "children, together with a Urge circle of relatives and friends mourn her loss. Ma'y she rest in DecHnhrg-iieah- r .rf.A' ..n. . W. A--J- - . PAII UfAVl i THROUGH lOCKV. MOUNTAINS! Choice of Three ANi peace. Annie Mound Fort, June D. THE.. D stinct Routes. THE MOST MAGNIFICENT, HAILBOAD Taylor. SCENERY 19th, 1S92. L. sefe-aimr- . ' t ' Resolutions of Respect. Whereas,-O- ur her-demise- . Heavenly Father has in His in--fin- SSroo r Resolved,rThat of CUx-s- . Direct Connections made in Union Depots. rTEfi - MOST : THOEOrGJILY: EQUIPFEFEAILTrAr IN T3S WEST. : s Relief Society do mourn-hehave jost jrioble jster-tdi readv to heln tl, i :i. D. C.B0BG- - A. E: 77EL3Y, J.K, BE VXETT, loss -s- DAVID :r ; 1 j 1 v JAIrs CO. TIMERS CAS, WATER & STEAf " FITTERS we tender our heartfelt bereaved children. That a conv nf thr. Resolved, . , - -- -- and-member- Ef:-w"- ELEGANT REGLIfiiiiG CHAIR CABS! , 3;ejhe,officers Trains Daily ivat OGDEN, SALT LAKE AND DENVER. ite wisdom, removed from our midst our beloved sister Clara Marshall, and er WJiereas,:-hfaithful labors as a teacher in the: HeL Society3lan d a generous and useful miemtoer tnereof, a kind and well beloved" neighbor and companion. Therefore be it J small children, Sister Jacobs performed the part of a true and loving mother to her daughter's nuie cnuureu until the time of She Each months, ntiLj4. ,when .with- - her family she moved to Pleasant G reen - WqrdrSa!r : Lake" Coun tyTShe" has been a true and faithful member in the Relief Society from that time until t ,eMiI1 U ard jheajnie of hefe death7alwayonTIah for any call realizmgjhat we that was made ofher; shejvasJhg sixz motherof, hand was ever er living: chtldfenr herond-daugHtwho afflicted- .-. away some three years ago; having left three pnd Two Fast Express Resolutions of respect to the memory, of Sister Clara Marshall, who departed this life on Tuesday August 25th, iS9r. Aged 49 years and $ . uiiuns hp PTOSef0rRUMSEY,SCelebraled h. Pumps Repaired on short notice. OHers Uuv u Corniry promptly responded to. - 