WOMAN S EXPONENT. 74 tli to a call made by Mrsr-E.- " B.Wells President of thVS." L: CoTWorld's Fair Association a mass meeting of women Salt 'Lake -- Theatre,-on was held -the call-e- d Thursday Nov. 3,1892. Mrs. Wells the- meeting to order, and its object as stated in the call, was read by the Secretary Mrs. Margaret A. Caiue: The following program was then rendered. Music "Hail Columbia" by mem- bers of the Tabernacle - Juvenile- -. Drtim Corps. Mrs. Zina D. Young offered prayer. The chairman introduced Mrs. Maria L. Nebeker. The subject of whose address was "The Pioneer women of 1847." The speaker entered these valleys at that time, as a girl of scarcely fourteen years. She spoke of the hardships that were then endured by the women, living in tents and L -in- -- were low log and by no means rooms, water-prooThe food was of the coarsest kind, many having had to dig thistles and segos and use them as a means of subsistence. She compared those times with the present nnrl ;ih1 s1if thnncrhf nil hnnor was due to those brave women, who bore those trials so patiently and did so much in bringing about this great change. A song was given by Mr. Grant Hampton, Prof. H. L. Krouse accompanist. Mrs. Cornne M. Allen spoke upon the subject "What the World's Fair will do for women." She said we should visit the World's Fair, not for amusement simply, but for educational purposes as the results of the highest achievements in every line of woman's work will there be presented. She said she thought that as each woman takes a special pride: in having her own lit-- ; tie home appear to Ihe best advantage and feels a keen interest in all its surroundings, mud-covere- . d, strive to have Utah make a creditable presentation before the world. Effort is the price of every blessing. An ably written article, entitled "What Literary women can do," was read by" Mrs. Alice Merrill Home. There will be amassed in the World's Fair' . mense sum of $20,000,000 will be expended, the largest and mosrwonderful display of- the products and powers of the universe that has ever been centralized in all the world's history. - colonies will participate in the exposition, and most wonderful in the consummation of 1,800 years of science, art, invention, revelation and ::r - -- 7 - literature Each nation and colony is making the best possible exhibit, and there we see the whole world in 7 -- -- a day. It is scarcely three years since work besran. and so systematically and actively has it been pushed thattheAVorld'&xpositioivhas - al ready assumed magnificent proportions, and think but a few months will pass when, like the midday sun in all its splendor bursting forth upon a dreary world, the knowledge and enlightenment of each and all nations will fill the whole universe. Think what .an epoch Jit- - makes : for- - women ! The Gordiari knot is aTIasi severed ; and woman is set free from the traditions that fettered and bound her socially, politically and intellectually. first-tim- e Every avenue is now operUo her. For-t- he in history, jienAndw.Qmej.fcjv.orkine-on meted out to both. --And, dear friends, woman" is doing herself proud in the noble work. Not only is she serving with success on national and state committees, but has enlisted, through literary efforts, enthusiastic interest t( eminent and high minded women abroad. And it is surprising that into countries of almost oriental conser- - 13 - , V T L ' o Jn ; . - each-.woman- are doing in exhibiting. Our literary women should see that their cause is well' represented. The poems.papers, books and journals, composed and edited by them, should constitute an interesting collection. I wish I could enthuse the young women on talents to this subiect. If vou would lend your X. .a oethexause many beautiful compositions could added to our rich store and aid in making a meritorious showing. We are pleased to note that very often woman's superior intellectuality has been recognized in the selection of her literary productions and plans and designs when offered in competition. A young lady of only local literary reputation recently carried off the palm for. the Columbian ' f. sa. -. , ; houses ..p.-- o - vagonsinitheFortavii PYtpuHeri - - and formed active comTurkev. Tanan and Mexico. the womai's department is In consequence to making a wonderful success. We arein inspired the noble "do our prt part and represent Utah cause. To work intelligently and with godd resultsthe terrimir nlans should be well desizned-'-tinri3irnmmitfppiwe look for this but in the accomplishment of these plans the burden of success falls on the literary woman. Let us pledge our assistance; let us proclaim the World's Fair cause; let us be a powerful factor in promoting a proper representation of Utah. Fill our books, magazines, papers and journals with information to enthuse the people; tell the irood it will do for humanity: that is the greatest educator of the age; tell the character of Pursuant built. TTheir hem Vmci-ic- WORLD'S FAIR MASS MEETING. - Ode. If we have literary friends let us encourage them to contribute their best. That the grandeur and beauty of our mountains and vales may find fitting praise and be proclaimed in that immense display by the genius of its talented women. Discuss this subject in the press and at the fireside, in the pulpit and on the lecture stand, that enthusiasm may be aroused and will not only try to assist in our exhibit,., but have an absorbing' desire to go and see the wonders of the universe, and seeing believe and believing fall positions in the 'woman's: building for such a . . tribution. In all the departments of the exposition Utah has been especially honored and .the officials of accordingo us everv favor lhvf ...m .wirniis wv their have in power. They seem anxious to en- .ie. tail jic lliat ac milrh !iiloricf tlflll be taken in the Utah exhibit as in that of any other stateand so far as I know no suggestions made for a Utah exhibit in any department has been rejected at Chicago. In addition to this, private individuals will have the orivileee of making private or special dis- . . ' hTavs. . down and worship. e- . Miss Jennie Hawley delighted the audi- ence with her beautiful singing. A paper "My recent visit to Chicago" was read by Territorial President Mrs. Emily S. " - At no time in the history of the world has such ail opportunity been offered wpmantodisplay herBkilTifrthe! in the professions, in skilled and unskilled labor and her art in the management of home and its domestic industries, as will be afforded at the great Columbian Exposition at Chicago in 1893. . 11 is ruung inai in mis great country where woman has been advanced to a higher plane than , she ever occupied in the history of the world; that the Congress in legislating for the great Exposition should especially recognize her. The women of the world recognizing the crreat benefit to tneir sex to De aenvea tnrough this exposition have resolved to participate and in every land and clime enthusiastic reports come of the works women are preparing for exhibition at the World's Fair. In every state and territory in the United States women have been officially recognized in this and it seems especially appropriate that the women of Utah should embrace this oppor tunity 01 appearing Deiore me world. During my recent visit to Chicago I was impressed by the wonderful interest taken by the women of the land in this great exposition. The question of the hour seems" to be with the women of this country, "What can we do for the World's Fair?" This may seem a grave question or the women of Utah, and apparently cannot be answered satisfactorily, however, it is agitating the minds of women of other states and territories and .at jChicaga. anything -- of the unique or taking character is seized upon with'avidity and I must confess that when I first visited Chicago I felt some hesitancy in sueestintr anvthntr the women of Utah could do. but ufin t .ihaUn other state-s- theyrwerel troubled lo., bT the i venturea tamakeour-otterin- g which, as you know, is a set of silk I was exceedingly gratified at the way the offer was accepted. The president and secretary of the national board, together with the leading officials all Utah on the utility of her offering and An the selection of a place to hang our portiers ex-positi- on, r. -- FH'friciuon, por-tiers,a- com-phrnent- nd ed 1 It is the purpose of the Utah board of lady blan in monoPM tnw fnllnw the same General t hj"11' - : gard to .our local matters as that laid down by the national board of, lady managers, therefore, we have notified the ladies of the several counties to present something of a special character as coming from the women of the county for the purpose of making the Utah building elegant and attractive and I am gratified to learn that in many of the counties the women are taking an active interest in the matter. I am pleased to learn that the women of Salt T ol'o aural? iinH irfnir'inrr tn An. rnnntir br TrTeirs7iare. IfTn another counties the same inis terest taken, no one will feel ashamed of the Utah women's exhibit at the Columbian exhibition, While this work is divided between the territory, county and individual, it will all go to make one great whole and will be looked upon .by visitors at the World's Fair as an exhibit from the women of Utah. . . . . - the-peopl- con- . . - ' one will be duly recognized. , - It is my idea that we should plan together for the purpose of making an exhibit that will be the ; pride of every citizen of this great territory. Dr. Mattie P. Hughes wras next intro- uutcu aiiu m wen v.uuacu uuu ciutjucilL language, paiu a giuwmg inuuie, 10 me 'young ladies of Utah, urging' them to put forth their best endeavcrs in this grand 11 cause. After a short intermission the program wras AtAi rebumeu uy lurs. ignes uisen i nomas singing in that charming style which is so characteristic of 11 her musical efforts, 'My Mountain Home.' ' The subject of a very able speech, by Mrs. J. B. Thrall was, ' What "women will do for the World's 1 1 A ' k1 . B7Tra It read an instructive article on the subject "The business wo- men oi uian. Mrs. imuy 5. Kicnards few a words of explanation regarding: gave dormitories at the Fair. It is so arranged that a share the value of which is gio will lo a7 private room with board, for twenty five days, or two may occupy the room half that time for the sameamount. Mrs. Wells made a few appropriate remarks and the meeting closed with lively music by the band. May B. Talmage Secretary firotem. pf; Romania entitle-the"hol- der ISABELLA OF CASTlIIv. X Continued The light that had begun to dawn upon the minds of men caused them to - be convinced in other ways besides religious matters; a new hemisphere was to be discover-- . - a "AJ land destined to be a land of liberty and a refuge for the oppressed of all nations; one that had been kept hidden for centuries, JQicyalands, butthe.timeJia ialight aricLchosen instruments were raised " up, fitted to preform the work. Christopher Columbus a native of Genoa to be born about" the year 1436, supposed the marrying daughter of a great navigator in the Portuguese service and obtaining through -her manv valnnhlp rhnHc o ufcilCA LliilljblO w oreogragmcat discoveries, - !.r.! 