I, WOMAN'S j; anu in a moment returned vaiei uisuppeareu ushered him i .a EXPONENT. 171 1 and with all the-courag- From weird, troubled masses of darkness, Dispersing shadows of night, The voice of the Risen One brought me 'Out into marvelous r light. into the library. Lady she. could command' WIMODAUGIISIS LKITEH; and querying who the stranger could Jbe, herself, by saying, ;I understand you L. M. H. have an important message for me, but having observed the likeness to Sir Edward, turned pale a3 death and added, "your name youn? MAY DAY. man, you have not given it?" "I am Monsieur niairvillft . -HilliflrrJ" iha loowi came re- . . . . it has rainH q'I tv,i, i f k..t-i- . j . . bo, repjiecr tne JadvJ i muugut 'org nourst)i iucLauLij. ' Pur- notn fit'ui showers, "and praywhat can be your business with m- -f uuppmg nntei come no sunny gleams uuuDuwa dim jiuai iwt uir xiiuwara nau sent ' With a that the day might fulfill the dreams promise a message from his deathbed, and yet she had Ut a nappy, happy May day with the sualihfs be imt, heard that ahe Baronet-ha- d never acknowl' I stand- within the sheltered edged him. IUwas not so easy to explain his porch errand as Clair had fancied, he had never beSafe from dripping caves, fore seen such a magnificent, queenly woman Watching the sparkling . and his manner wasso timid and hesitating as Falling on grass and leaves; All across the meadows are little to cause anxiety on the lady's part. She pools 5; And adown the lane are little rivulets helped him by saying, "What news do you simmering; A bring from the young ladie3 at the castle? Are Andtiny birdling plumes itself within a sheltered nook, two shining black birds hop close with daring look; they well, and enjoying the fine Spring The watch do? shivering- near ms snvfi miru weather?" Thus encouraged a w j TTiiiij,, voice Anon the blatant call of hungry, calf," and low of waiting to say, Lady Anna Is not well and I have paid kine,- this visit solely on her' account, and I beg you All add to the dreariness of this dripping, rainy day; to listen to me, and to promise me you will see F orsooth 'tis dreary dreariness on this the first of May. her and have some proper understanding of an intro-duce- d I- Washington is proeminently a city of women's clu bs. Here was fi ret organized and established-thWoman's National Press Association, of which Mrs. Mary S. Lock wood it e president. Mrs Lockwood is commissioner at large upon the Board of Lady Managers for tho Colli m. bian Exposition, and was "recently . annolntf.l chairman of the Presi Committee by Mrs. Potter Palmer. She has just been fleeted for the second time Historian of tho "Daughters of the American Revolution " of which Mrs. -- - - Harrisou is President. - work,. ' rain-drop- J s - . - - Glair-ibun- - d - u C k.-u- " affair that seem3 now to become more and more Tho to the soddea meadow and the field.. The rain brings aypromise of a heavy harvest yield To me it brings a sadness, for just the day before, I had given promise the meadows to wander oer. The children in their rambles had found some blos'soms distressingly complicated." "Your ardor in her behalf speaks well for your affection as a brother, but might possibly be misinterpreted." "How could that be. It is because of my sympathy for her melancholy condition that I have come to you;surely there new-plowe- d can be no wrong motive attached to that?" 'Clair was not skilled in the world's method aud it never occurred to his ingenuous soul that people might think him anxious to get her married that the, estate might nut be encumbered; to him she was the perfrction of beauty and delicacy, and hi heart went out in love and tenderness to her the first time they met-- He was ikeply WOU ndedbyIjadTAlillllie Lord's day, and otieef fasting 'anfforpraise tauuu s lu&iuuauuu, auu izu iu leseut u, yf l To Him that rules the Universe for sending better days. But now this steady rain fall, we shall not be there I weefl, knew not what to say.an therefore waited unWith the faithful worshipers, for there's dreary miles be- -' til she resumed the conversation. tween. ''Are you aware that Dr. Bland came here on the same errand to teach me ray,duty, and The mountains towering white now this young woman is desperate enough to Are by the storm clouds kissed," send another messenger to question me. Surely Even the low hills near us this is very impolite to openly avow her sentimist; Are hid by the of of manner the and not dreariness the 'midst no ments, gentle girls There is hope blood." That the sua will shine today; "My sister never sent any one to pfead her When hark I around and above us Trills the mead-larbonny lay. cause, she is too pure to cherish any but the is break in the clouds, no there lias son Your I most sacred, womanly feelings. know, though The sky will soon be seen, won her heart and it is breaking because of And through the rain's unceasing patter, your cruelty." And he strode out oi the room . - - - rain-fall- 's L k's , ;'' 4 can sec a different scene.- '- to-indignantly, the! cheek as never done before since his his it-ha- boyhood. For True to the cheery bird's promise, The clouds ere lor.g drift apart; But the mists still cling to the valley, earth's heart; Hugged close to the damp Like the love of a mother for a wayward child, Holding it close in a loving caress," : Hoping and trusting for future good," its wilfulness. Though often times chilled by the Exponent. REVIEWING THE PAST. to I have walked thro' the dust of ages, Half a century and more. With memory turning its pages, Reviewing-its;Tecords-per- rr ' " v By the aid of her magic lanterns, Were retraced as erst of yore, Hill. I stood once more in the 4Bigr' ' On the threshold of life's door; When clouds from the years had rolled backward, Dusts from the long line effaced, I beheld in marvelous beauty. Wisdom and power of grace; I saw how His love had upheld me, All thro' years that have fled, Over paths beset with temptation, By heedless desire oft led. " . Oppressed by dread spirits of evil, Shadows of night coming on, A sweet voice called out to my grieving, J1.' Wandering, weary one, cornel' , ' Her recently published 'Historic Homes, of Washington," is a wonderful volume, filled with most thrilling Th is, with her earlier published works, has given her an enviable standing as a talented, versatile woman, and the Press women are naturally, proud of their leader.- j -This 7cl 'HbnreWiegiii arly-- fort br discn Fsirrr-a- nd stinly of literary work. Short paragraphs on pertinent topics are frequently a part of the These are afterwards evening's program. edited by some members of the club, and in Washington- papers. This organ- ization is not composed of newspaper reporters, who flock to this city during "the season," but almost entirely of women, who aru editors of .papers, authors of books, regular contributors to newspapers and magazines, and writers. - Lectures by prominent men and women are frequently given, and a series qf journalistic talks by eminent journalists is a part of the writer's plan. Literary women all over the United, States are cordially .welcomed t( mem- bership upon thd presentation of their name, endowed by two members of the society, the payment .of $1 00 ami theubraision of several h istoric facts never be fore published. pub-lishe- nd ' ProReNata is another and exceedingly interesting club, composed entirely q Womei, physiology."- The - ''7:r'' Woman's Colle.iate Alumnio brings together the college graduates and is in itself "a feast of reason." - fBut it remains for "Wimodaughsis" to bring lf classes -- and conditions bFwo- together Lmen andfurnish women can meet socially, educationally, for business, or in cluba, where strangers and friends may come for information in every branch of women's work, where a library is gathering together women'ses booksL papers and and busts "magazinesy and wherelhe-pictuirwtere " ' : ' E. T, of those prominent in thg history of reform may be preserved. -- KeTrAnnaHrohawrneBloo;a'entarid: popular lecturer, is its president, and its earn est officers and members are doing all in their power to dispose of the 40,000 shares of stock which, it is incorporated to sell at S5.00 a share, thu3 enabling the women o the United States to own National Headquarters. Llla M. 8. Mabble, Financial Agent. Womankind' 4 No man or woman of the humblest sort can and good with- really be strong, gentle, pure, comforted by the somebody's being helped and of that goodness. existence Very - " and organized for the study of Parliamentary Law and extem pore speaking. At some future date I will give an account of its work, but space forbids a detailed account now. The District Suffrage Association is a live organization' and its objects need not be specified. The Queen Isabella Associational-s- o conveys its mission in its name. The Woman's Anthropological Association ii balitled together for the study of the science which treats of the physical and intelh ctual. properties of man, -- in a word "human them-headquarters-- But the warmth oOIayoyprTriglJin.' Scattered the silvery sheen; : And the glow of a waning sunlight,-- bills rtea.--- and Tinged valleys - -Though the day began with sadness, ' Hope brought smiles and gladness, should they grow another day. Perhaps the dewy blossoms, for another day M"May. 1 increase In beauty , - dential Committee. . - d. - all-arou- white, Just above the duck pond, so mother must see the sight;- : They thought that on the Mayday ' We all would have a giy day; ,' Dear hearts, Ihey have not learned, . That happiness hard earned, . Is not secure;. 7 And that pleasures come through pain, And that losses without gain .'We must endure. ' . If you want to feel right, do light. i " " 