WOMAN'S .form Association existing' in Chicago, of the approaching publication of a valuable work on artistic dress, "and prom ised that her own contribution to the Symposium would be ready within a week. Mrs. . Parker said . that she could get photographs of some of the dresses which wculd be described in her article. She 'was instructed to doo, that they may be used to illustrate the Symposium. On motion of Miss Willard the resolution, on dres3 passednt Washington, D. C, .vks passed again by the '; Executive Meeting, with some slight changes. A discussion of headquarters followed. -- Mrs. EXPONENT lonpjinterrah' of time. A fever, a mutilation, inflammation of the stomach. On May fifth j'a cruel disappointment, a loss of wealth, a loss she was carried across that "Silvery Water," of friends, seems at the moment unparalleled loss where she will await the coming of her loved and unpayable. But tho. ones No pure or more patient child ever livremedial force that underlies all facts. ed.- Too good and j deep l pure to live in ine aeatn ot a dear friend, wife, brother, lover, world. wnicn seemed nothing but privation, eomewhat Coif. later assumes the aspect of a euidcior ramus: The Lord in His infinite wisdom has seen fit for it commonly operates revolutions in our to call from our .midst on- - the 10th of April way oi me, terminates an epoch of infancy, or 1892, our beloved Sister Maria Stevenson, of youth, which was waiting to be closed, wife of Willjam Richardson, aged 05 years, breaks up a wonted oncunation. n hnn?rr nr deceased-waThe born at Doncaster, Eng- 1 """-ux -tne-io- rland JesuV Juving, mation of new ones, more friendlv fn tho Christ ofVWhapti3edntolhehurchof Latter day Saints in 1847. Emigra-te- d lard and the President urged the importance growth of character. It or constrains to Utah in 1888. Came with her husband of permanent headquarters on the Fair the formation of new permits acquaintances, and the to Plain City, and stayed with her nephew Grounds, and suggested the advisability of' reception of new influences, that of the :other headquarters in the. city before the first importance to the next prove and the" Bishop J. W. Bramweli until they bought a home, where they have lived until" her death. years; 1 man or woman who would have remained a She wa3 dedicatory exercises'of the Exposition in Ocalways patient in her sickness, suffered tober, 1892. It was decided that the Cduncil, sunny, garden flower, with no room, for its much from liver and disease which having been invited by Mrs. Palmer, President roots and too much sunshine for its head, bv caused he.r death. She kidney was an affectionate and of the Board of Lady "Managers, to make its the falling of the walls loving-wif- e jindthejaeglect-of- me gardener, is made the banian of the for,headqu artcrs-i- n the -- Woma n V-- ail ding, pr e terday Saint, for whose loss bet bereaved husthe est, yielding shade and fruit to wide pare to occupy.said beadquarters-durin- g neighbor, band and her devoted sister M. A. Bramweli entire time ot the hxpositiou. Ihe Secretary hoods of men." i with a host of loving nephews and nieces, and wa3 directed to notify allnational organizations her sisters of the Relief Society all are left to of women not already members of the Council mourn; but with the asuranee of a glorious that they are invited to enter it, and that all GLEANINGS. resurrection. its members shall have desk room in its headM. A. W.- Spiers, Sec. R. S. Culture does not exist for its ownsake, but quarters at the World's Fair. " Millennial Star please copy." Miss Anthony and Mrs. Avery reported for the sake of added power in all the relations their informal talk with Mr. Bbnney, President of life. Mrs. Charlotte Emerson Brown, New Our beloved sister M. A. Humphry Miller, of the Auxiliary Congresses of the Columbian 'Jersey. beloved wife of Brother Stephen Miller, died Exposition, ajid his expression of welcome to at her residence in Plain City on the 1st of Every woman's club is a continual postthe Councilor Women; also that he thought course .for erery woman in it, and April, 1892. Deceased was born in Heathfield, it would be possible to arrange that the.Coun-- , graduate for the husbands at home a3 well Mrs. May Sussex Co., England in 1812, was baptized 'eil should have free use of the auditoriums into the Church-oJesus Christ of Latter-daWright Skcdll, Indianapolis. and some committee rooms of the Art Palace, Saints in Nov. 1854. Emigrated to Uiah with where the Congresses are to be held, yet reLiterary clubs must be progressive, but not her husband and family in the year 1862; lived aggressive. Mrs. Etta S. Osgood, Portland, Me. taining the entire management of its own meetin Wellsville Cache Valley four years, moved ings. It wa3 resolved that the application of The object of the woman's club is to make to Plain City in 1866 where she has lived unthe Council be sent to President Bonney tor woman's life more useful to her every family til her death. the gratuitous use of two audience "rooms and i,.,.,,.,r.,,,,-.sweeter to Jerselfi Mrs. Dear Jameson Sister Miller was a sufferer all Mary great five committee rooms, day and evening; for one Judah, Memphis, Term. through the last winter from a complication week, and that the Council ask for such use of of ..God's. truths always make enthusiasts when complaints, sciatica' lung and heart disease, the Art Palace for one week immediately preterminating in pneumonia. She wa3"a faith-frs. Crouse ceding the meeting pf the World's Woman's Wperly. ,:understood.-JJrM: ' member Relief Society., for many . Chicago, III. Temperance Union. and was an earnest worker as a teachyears,' Tuesday afternoon" it was decided, on Man has been "so afraid for his righ ts th at er in the south district for a long time. of Miss. Willard, that the Council provide he has lost the of his rightAthe ingreatest She leaves a most loving husband, wo sons, for a list of "Patrons of the Council." Any telligent help of woman. Dr. . Sarah Hacketl and one daugh er to mourn her los3. Dear person whose name i3 acceptable to the genStevenson, Chicago. Sister Miller was a true Latter day Saint, an eral officers may become a patron by payment affectionate wife and mother; in all her fearful of S100 to the Council. suffering she was never heard to complain. The resignation of Mrs. Ella Dietz Clymer : Margaret Manton Merrill is meeting with' from the position of of the,Coun-cil- , great success, reciting in London. She has One singular thing in her experience is that made a hit in George Sutton's "Pint of Fizz " in .1862, when . she crossed the plains, her on account of poor health, was accepted health was so bad that all thought she would Mrs. Merrill, it will be remembered, has done ' with regret. die. and tbat she was too weak to bear the excellent newspaper work The following resolution was passed: the New York jm Herald. journey in her then delicate cojKlitioneLsoiJ- Resolved, That we commend to the general-officerwas her7fiiitt in the power of healing, of the Council, with: power ""to" T act,"7 English women are very active in politics. great sne was netter m her connnement than Ihe Women s Liberal Society, at the liead mat of carrying out the plan proposed i t w h any of h er form er chi Id r en; ;aItEo u gh s he "?AAWAAAh i3 Mr:GIadsfone; numbers now by the Jxrst President in her address at Washfully was then over 50 years of age ington, D. C, in 1891, in regard to holding 100,000 members, and the Primrose League Rest, dear sister, in peace! which is an older organization; made a legislative congress of women at the NationM. A. W. Spiers Sec. R. 8. Plain City. , as Lady Randolph Churchill al Capital during the session of Congress, to ' ' is even larger act on measures touching the welfare of woEx. men, and recommend the same to the consideration of Congress. OBITUARIES. The President announced her intention of spen di ng th e s u m m er in "Ea irbpe" wlmg j n Sarah Mulim Hill Mq Kendrick born the interests of the Council, and received the April 2628. 30and32 East 1st South St, dicd J unanimous approval March "ir?--in 247 Wellington, Utah. - She leaves a plan; of dividingher time between England ' iamilyof small children, the youngest nine and Germany. SAIT LAKE CITY. Was V. a faithful Se member of the Rachel Foster Avery, Relief, Society. Cor. Sec. X. C W. i j this-sinfu- -- . . a .. - V . -- -- s -- ana-aiio- ws -- . . and-motherva-tr- ue B -- . -- f y . -- -- ul -- of-th- e -- 4 rno-tio- n -- . vice-preside- nt s T ity the-desirabil- : famous-bysuchweme- dea-Ut- - ah 2S?-?Wc- " - " .Com..' - COMPENSATION. At Round Valley, - Gila Co.; Arizona, on May 5, 1 892, the Death AngeFcarried from our midst Lenore Gibson, a?ed-2rers ' Extract from an essay by Ralph Waldo Emerson. 1 xindyet the compensations of calamity are made apparent to the understanding also, aiter n bad been a cripple since Sept. last, but was improving slowly, when she was taken with The Leading Retail . G asli sue oBai!Mi? I'd '. p: H bus nMpW-- ' fipi mii r v i m n 1 