WO M AIf f Zioand .' Vol. 20. SALT LAKE CONTENTS. Jubilee Conference In Kural lingland-- A - W. Richards, thc Rights of m U'omen havA ttp l.if to ihb nublic. in sur-- nn fin. Preative manner, and awakened sueb a lively interest as has since prevailed. xot only the magnitude of the labor done, uuL t ne character ot those labors, prompted as tucy uave oeen ,uv tne nurest ovo. hr km n and charity, such as 'only the female heart U(e the iufluejnieavMYJniration can ' luu luU,uriauce( been-presente- h Story. A Question of h volution W. M. Bicknell. Thoughts onWo; man E. H. L. Educate Woman May Brown. R. S., Y. Lr M. I. A. and P: A. Reports. W. S. A. Reports. Birthday Parties Pers$ S.JUchards Rachel Whipple. Julia A; Allred. tion Nellie Little. World's Fair.. Notes. anaivews.r vvomen'sfews Alden. Almy ........... "" if t r of .all .ations. CITYUTAHPKIin 5718927 evar. before Lesson-- S. j "E'Bii. .V position was well expressed hv the Poet who asserts, .that:- - . "Heaven when it had created man, Unfinislied found creation's plan. Though men and angels were akin, A chasm sti)appeared between. Nor would the links together meer, Till, Woman riiahc the chain comDlete." " - Imleed4t -- hfejrboth-by teaching and by the sacred virtues embodied in her Jo ve, that.the love of God comes to man. , monies. Her love, in the kindly administrations S. M. Kimball. Benefits, of the Club M. A. in this society organization, answers' The introduction of the teach in as nf tho Freeze. to the feminine element of. the world, as .Prophet Joseph relating to that organization, truly EuPoetry: The Singing in God's-Acr- e as the sternliemands of duty and obligation do was a very interesting feature to all who were gene Field. A Song for a Man E. Hough. .favored with them; and it is possible a few of to the Masculine Forces associated with the the most important items might be more easily' authority of priesthool, and is'as necossary to a peTfect covernmeut, as" woman was to man remembered by isolating them from the generTHE SINGING IN GOD'S-ACRwhen it was "iiQt trood for to Im nlnnA" - - man al instructions such as the folio wing; 0 These two blended .together in the harmony "Women must assist in correcting the morals, BY EUGENE FIELD. and strengthening the virtues of the com. of their appointments, offer to" the race of man all that humanity cah desire, the goal "of hu.. munity." Out yonder in the moonlight, wherein God's-Acr- e lies. man happiness, all that clirktianity can "Must be a select society, separate from the Go angels walking to and fro, singing their lullabies; ' '. u . impart. : evus or tnc world.' r Their radiant wings are folded and their eyes are bended These lessons so forcibly impressed by the "The organization of the church more com.T '7 low, women ' should bo Prophet, teach us-t- hat the in women the order of organized in their labors; That their orcan- As they sing among the beds whereon the flowers delight plete by organizing the Priesthood." to grow: ization makes that of the priesthood more "Officers, if wanted, to be appointed and set " complete, consequently, is not perfect without "Sleep, oh, sleep! as us." Teachers, Deacons.&, apart among them, lhat the society is not only to., relieve Jhe Shepherd guardethHi..sheepJ Society; ;i3:iiot t)uiys;tQ: relieve the poor the poor, a? a leading onsideratiou; "but rnuk" dSfe ' pSf cpce(Jeih: th i" night away, but- to save souls. assise in correcting morals, Soon cometh the glorious day; strengthening 'Women, if pure and innocent, can come virtuetand in saviug soulsThatwomanjr Sleep, weary ones, while ye may ... Jntojhe presence of. .GodAagel cannot: be :Tvurlri3;e riha Oelf ' : :: Sleep, oh, sleep !' restrained from being your associates. c abounding with gool works in the midst of the Each of these quotations are & text a stateThe flowers within God's-Acrsee that fair and wondrous community. A faith that will not only heal of sufficient for a sermon worthy the the sick ment facts, sight, by prayer, but cleanse from those moreloquence and favor of divine inspiration. By al diseases that afflict humanity, and be to man And hear the angels singing to the sleepers through the them, the present accepted field of woman's : what angels may be to themrm'inisters' of i night; pace m to comlabor extended the the is family And, lo! throughout the hours of day those gentle flowers , .. light and love. munity. 13y them we learn that as woman is This condition .reached, it may well be said . prolong the counterpart of man in all that is essential that angels can not be restrained The music of the angels in that tender slumber-sonfrom associate ' ' to the perpetuity and welfare of the race, so is ing with women thus pu re and innocent, nor ' ' the organization of this society in the church, they from coming into the "Sleep, oh, sleep! presence of God. The Shepherd loyeth His sheep! the counterpart to the Priesthood organization; He that guardeth His flock the best and as necessary to the completeness of that HathJoldMahtaliklovinbxeast-woman was to man in nis "organizatiOTi, eep, arid take now So, sleep ye your creation. "We are also informed that it is XI. oh, sleep!"' woman's legitimate sphere to labor for the sal-vtion oithe sou Is of men, as wel l a3 to ad - From It wa3 a strange" gathering in the great ngel anoyfrom necessities the the to minister temporal wants, drawing room at fije old Castle on that event- soothing song, liis of comfort and ful day when the will of Sir Edward Hil Hard person. And with its heavenly music speed the days and nights was read. Miss Conway and Lady Anna bad "As the inereasingfaTilily demandsneconalong; So, through, all time, whose flight the Shepherd's vigils stant care, and untiring physical and mental talked much together and had so far as ' " ' ' efforts of the mother, while performing- her possible prepared themselves for the trying .. glorify, 1 . .." .L God's-Acr- e wao nau io.'a Ineen expect-in-. xue uousiu the needy, and helpless circle orueai. 'PL.. slumbereth in the grace of that sweet lullaby: many duties-ta fortune or in fact even a legacy was perof her home, so the ever increasing family ' . sleep! oh, "Sleep, of God's children who coming from afar to haps the most deeply thankful of the twoT for The Shepherd loveth His sheep! ; their may by this helpful organ-- J her mind grasped the subject in all its bearings V Fast speedeth the night away, 5M?iIlc?i jke". 5 uriure an d.kiqd Iy .admin-- . and d welt u pon the probab Ie -- resu ts, w h il e glorious dyi trusted all to tbose in charge and Tstration so necessary to their growth and dewhile mayye Sleep, weary ones, J" velopment, and which these loving hearts and ouly longed to have, it all over. Business in , oh, sleep!" Sleep, generous hands are ever ready to impart to detail she had no conception of ajid she was so tbse who are as comparatively helpless and intensely in love that all other things were . She listened patiently enough as the babe in. secondary. needy in their LESSON. CONFERENCE JUBILEE when her cousin explained how important all the home- of its parents. The food that satisfies the" hungry; "the these affairs were, but she comprehended very 8. W. RICHARDS. garments that clothe the naked; the word of little of the matter. How easy it might have consolation that comforts the afflicted; the been to, deceive Lady Anna, Miss Conway The late Jubilee Conference of the sisters testimony that strengthens the faith of the quite understood. Sir Edward's solicitor had everything ar- "Relief SDciety," held in all the Stakes of Zion , Veak; the assurance that make3 hope tha . , ii. . . . ' fr uvnvff Contere:ce and Capstone Cere- - ZZV' .d""Be, 3uie umy prompter oy love or Editorial Notes:' Relief Society Notes 'i'UKVC su God for fellow man. - I KTTTt TTC I 'L,. . gh t con-templat- -- ed E. "-'- - - ;' . : --- " zisr, "'". "'a-- - - J .; " e ' . . . . g: i . , . : Tlf-IiUitAL-ENG- rest-Sl- a -- flowrre-Tears-haye-learned-t- hai r - - 1 o g - Zion-home- - - 1 --- Sopn-eometh-th- trie-dau- ghter e new-found-hom- e, - - - . . of its organization, possessed many of those at tractive feMnrp whiVh onlvthe ladies can im-- ; lorta make truly interesting to an participants. "S83liiihe Tatfge4 in- - . wi kinHly acts of charity that bespeak the love of sense of decorum so apparent in the legal (iod. are ail arwropnate to, ana come witnm" afiiirs of theIgiiih jrktoc iul in the most minute particularand it was the spiiefe'or ' An appreciation ot woman s character and almost paintul to Miss Oonway to be compelled v; 