A W AM vyivi- R v v i n TheJiiskts--otriiriVome- T i oj Zion, and the Rights of the Women of all Nations. 9 Voiv. 21. SALT XAKK CITY, UTAH, AUGUST . CONTENTS. A Notable Anniversary. In Rural England A Story. Miscellaneous. R. S. Report. Dis covery Day Francis Bellamy. Col. and Mrs. Parker. Amelia B. EdwardsMiss M. Betham.. Edwards. Prehistoric Man in America Mary Morrison. World's Fair Notes" JiDiTORiAL: The History ,of Utah. A Grand Woman Suffrage Rally. Editorial Note. Obitu rary. U. W. P. Club E. R. Shipp, Rec. Sec. Foethy: Our Mother's Grave L. M. Hew The World of JingSr ' "'I'l'Lr" .1 ti rocneron. maaen t;jj rreanst nyaemtn. Dreams of r Childhood Mrs. L. S. Dickinson. -- : . - OUR MOTHER'S GRAVE. " Reclothe the earth above her breast. The soft and silvery moonbeams sleep. Upon her : distant hallo w'd grave, And silent dews of evening steep, The drooping boughs that o'er it wave. Time with its seasons round have sped, Wttlfah13''sri'ate formany years, Since last the earth above er head, Was moistened by her orphan's tears. Of separation, have been keen, The grave long holding from onr sight, A path beyond our human keri. mold'ring clay- Hope points to'us with holy light, : r Revealing joys of endless day, Home of the ransomed Spirits flight. Atchison, Kan. ' '." Hewlings. And then I asked of a lady' bright With youth and with heart full free"; "O, tell me what thy world is like And what it doth hold for thee?" . . is and world wide fair, very "0, my V lover For my Captain goes With his three good ships, where'er he choose And all the world he knows; And I am with him in heart and song Wherever he guides his sails, 'Mid.the balmy isles of the Orient " Or the far North's, chilling galesT" And the world of my heart is where he is, It is bright where the spices blow; : And oh! 'tis brave where he guides his ships Through the seas of ice and snow." THE WORLD OF THE HEART. is the world to thy heart, O, boy With the glowing, earnest eyes?" : " 'Tis a broad fair field my strength to prove Where fame shall be my 'prize, Where I shall battle unstained with wrong; Shall strengthen the cause that's pure, 'Till my deeds shall live in the poet's song While men and books endure." ' And then I asked of the aged man: "O what is this world to thee?". He said: "My world is not very large, The past has faded from me; : But my heart leans out to where, far away My sons and my daughters J)e, 'With their flocks and herds on the mountain sides, --- Their homes in the vale below, My heart would rest in their happy midst It is there that I long to go. I walk alone in the city's streets, O, what is the world to me! When silence reigns in the empty home M y fwftf af e- - the j&qt d- - to me' . . -- . - . 1 And then I asked of a mother pale: "How wide is the world to thee?" fi4 A U ica." The President of the United States cordially acknowledges the message of greeting through the Secretary of SCEite.-- -The day was celebrated in Spain with aphistorical procession, propriate festivities, ' illustrating four great events, The Conof Columquest of Granada, The Departure 4 bus, viththethree vessels 'Nina' 'Pinto''" and "Santo Maria," these were reproduced-athey were 400 years ago and were drawn on cars. The others were "The Court of King Ferdinand and Queen Isabella and The Reception of Columbus on his return ' fron his first voyage. " celebration, will take place in Madrid on September 12, wTheu the ' s , , great-expositionwi- be ox.necl. .-y- AlLlhese ' afCxirs-wi- ll be of an educational J nature to the world at large and help to impress upon the minds of the people every1 where important dates and occurauces, the; causes that led to the discovery of this country and point. out a lesson of the Providences of Our leather in raising up men in all ages of the world to accomplish certain' things, wrhich are preparatory to ushering in other momentous changes for the uplift- -- ing of,rhumanitjv The women of xiinenca cannot be too mindful of what they owe to 4nat uoble Queen, who so generously aided in the en terprise which has given to us, who live to and day and to our 'this choice land above all other lands. ' ' It would seem as though the women of America ought to do something magnificently permanent to perpetuate the memory of thissiugularly estimable and heroic Queen. Her'-- life is 'full of interest and teaches through all tliemost admirable lessons of high moral courage, indomitable purpose in the right direction pn the side of principle, and if she committed some errors, they were but the fault of the times in which she lived, and should not" be remembered to-- " day; but there is much in her4iistory that is superior and excellent. Pierre . Martyr wrote., on ,the day of her death "The world has lost "its noblest ornament; a loss tobe deplored not only by Spain, which she has so long urged onward in the career of glory but by every nation in Christendom; for she was the mirror of every virtue, tiiej i rihQotifj: T"J wicked. I know none of her sex in ancient or modern times who is at all worthy to be . 7 . And last I asked of the sorrowing: "Like what is the world to th.ee?" -- " Come share thy sorrow with me." fVhat United States stating that the United States flag had been hoisted in. front of the convejiL "of"La Kabida along with the banners of all American States. Catteries and ships are saluting amid the enthusiasm of the people. The. message closes with, "God bless Amer- -- For thinejarmsrmp . Spain and America have been exchanging civilities on the occasion of the anniversary of Columbus setting sail from Palos on his voyage of discover)- - four hundred years ago on the third of August; A message was sent signed by Prieto, Alcalde of Palos to the President of the - Thefea L. M. A NOTABLE ANNIVERSARY;. , And then I asked one happier still: 'How large is thy world to thee?" : "Not very large, but ft holds enough That others might smile for me; It holds not wealth or honors high " "But no happier hearts can beat,We are king and queen in our own cot With our babe so fair and sweet; 'Tis a fair, bright world all peace and joy, With its blessings for Us three, And the future holds no thought of fear In my heart's world for me." . nowiabove-he- She said: "One child lies buried where The oaks of Old England grow, And an ancient castle threw its spell Where oft we have walked below; And one lies rocked by ocean waves;' Far down in its waters deep, And one sleeps where, by desert road No stone doth a recordkeep; Aud I am here, and those three graves That lie in the land and sea, Have measured by their dear links, the length -- QCnv&iVs sad wo ridto me:1 . . No. 4, 15, 1S92. , In a strange land unknown, unmarked, No flowers placed by friendly hand, No marble shaft points to the spot, Nothing attention to command, Towards one who sleeps in grave so low, In undisturbed and silent rest, ;. While summer's bloom and "winter's snow, JBut ' - -- She said: ."As the heart, so is the world, In youth, or when it is old. God, who gave the whole earth, gave to each ' A world of its own to mold. Where the toiler heeded the still, small voice, lForJhum the path was clear; Where the pilgrim heeded his own heart's calls It hath led where the way was drear. And ever ascending to the skies The cry of the creature pleads; " "Look Thou and help us, behold our work Our weakness and all our needs!" And he sees the spirit amid the wreck Of human idois brought unto dust, Ashes of roses' where the heart Had in the mortal placed its trust. For my empty arms, my heart is full, Mine eyes through sadness see One, only, who can my sorrows bear And .walks unseen with me. Some see but joy arid know but half, Like flowers that bloom and die; But souls that are made for usefulness Must stand where the storms go by. x To gain and yield, to endure, not mourn, Jioadot t wix Gg4 nd4-heTo hope and wait for bliss, where? Beyond! This, friend, is the world to me. -- - - e AwUSTAjorCECK0brEH0xr fore-fathe- fore-mother- rs s, 1 -- " "t;:'ll: : ; J -- Tramedthnhir 