3tt EXPONENT. WOMAN'S ITEMS FROM THE NORTH. Editor Exponent: . Hath Socrates thy soul refined, Or hast thou fathomed Tully's mind? 'The shepherd modestly replied: . ". I ne'er the paths of learning tried;, am always phased to receive Nor have I roamed in foreign parts my Exponent, it seems like having a good visit To read mankind their laws and arts. with an old friend. I was acquainted in my The little knowledge I have gained, younger days with several of the sisters that write Was all from simple nature drained, good articles for the paper and it fills my heart In constancy and faithful love, with joy and satisfaction to read them. I learn my duty from the dove. The health of the Saints in Bannock Stake is, generally speaking, good at present. I had the ;TheJien -With pious wings protectsber care; w ith hT)noF Stake President Temperance ' And every fowl that Hies at large Hinckly of the Relief Society, to accompany Instructs me in a parent's charge. . also Counselors his President Ricks and (as ies kindness JtoallsaitLthat our little-dutlSkters-E-Ricand C. Smith in othalf-o-f the " ' My- dog, the trusty ot his kind," should be attended to, With gratitude intlames my mind; Young Ladies' Association) on a tour around the I mark his true and faithful way Bishop Barton: It is the very busiest time south part of Bannock Stake. We held twenty" in And my service'copy Tray." of the year with us, if it was a few weeks meetings, traveled two hundred and eleven miles earlier or later more could attend. When This reminds me of bur Savior's words, "Exand home again in ten days, u e had an enjoyable we steak it is not the many words 'we use 'time, Were met with welcome and good cheer, cept ye become as a little child ye can not enter but the sincerity of our hearts; spoke about wheYever we went with the Saints. It seems to me into the kingdom of heaven." tirliof. til ftf Tx liUL lua ra v LI 1.3 nram that those who desire to live their religion can UKJ 3tC IwiIk filter using our influence for good, there neyer pvVAiA " iiaw ww v see tbnej:e perseverence aiatur c ... our we neelect duties darki now. when than verylay,-lfl- n testify-taneTsfncerity oHieart in believing there is such a ness takes possession of our minds. Paul a united band of faithful sisters in the Bannock Being who overrules the destiny of the human Stake Relief Society, willing to respond to every family if they will onlyjend a listening ear to the could see the present day, he said the people would be more lovers of pleasure than Godcall made upon them. still small voice which naturally belongs to man liness. I trust that we may always feel the I forgot to mention Patriarch A. E. Hinckly who is made in the image of God and has a germ -was with President Ricks on his tour; he blest of the Deity to begin this journey of life? spirit of humility and never forget to show the Saints in the congregations, also their fields . Yes,it both ennobles and refines the character of our gratitude to God. I feel, Sisters, to apand all they possessed, that they might grow and those who Will make themselves acquainted with preciate your labors; let us all be true to God and ourselves. its marvelous charm, for such it truly proved increase; also N. C Watkins, Principal of Bannock Stake Academy traveled and talked in Pres. Muir represented West Bountiful as to the shepherd, giving him the deportment, of having religious classes for those that of an educated person. doing well and all seemed to J wan t to - do could , not attend the Academy. How wise in "Please read the history of our Savior Jesus their duty. is President Woodruff! He truly a father looking Christ, see what attainments He arrived at, yet .Pres. S. B. Lay ton made some very inafterthe interests oLourchildren, the poor as uneducated in worldly- wisdom, though He was teresting remarks said she desired to live in well as the rich, to see that all are educated in compelled to learn both. the fear of the Lord the principles of the Gospel, the future hope of Let us remember then that we did not come ful for having had a knowledge of this ion. work when young, also that her lot had into this world just to eat and drink and sleep, These are a few rambling ideas; excuse me for but to learn these lessons, which we can do if we !een just as it had. She then spoke in on valuable and time believe h encroaching your p ra ct ice t e lessons diat-jesClark, Sister Zina- bore testimony to the Mks, M. S. Anderson. truth and correctness of the interpretation. Aug. 15, 1S92. Idaho. Bingham Counselor Hatch Kaintuck, County, represented South ',: Aug. 5, 1S92. Bountiful. ; Dear Sister: I , " . : rw-t- t VY (tf 1 K j . . o to-b- e be-ha- lf ' airherawasrtliau& - lve. u - - -- - ' ; , ' Meeting was then adjourned until afternoon; singing "Now let. us rejoice in the day of Salvation." Benediction ' by Bishop Barton. ATtenioon Services: After the usual opening exercises Sister Xula 0reene Richards addressed the sisters. "How beautifully R. S. REPORTS, NATURE. JACKSON. m THE SHEPHERD. "i lis head was silvered o'er with age And long experience made ..him'sage: Through summer's heat and winter's cold He penned his flock and fed the fold. His hours in cheerful labof flevv' ' ' Nor envy nor anibitiori knew, His modest worth and generous fame Through all the country raised his name. A deep Philosopher whose rules Of moral hie were drawn frcm schools, The Shepherd's homely cottage sought And thus explored his reach of thought. - Whence is thy learning? hath thy toil O'er books consumed the midnight oil? Hast thou old Greece and. Rome -- surveyed our Father v-R-ogers, -- some-where;- . Rogers. JTivtoR; 1 DAVIS Sec. US Minutes of the Relief Society nference-orDavisStake,iieldat Kaysvilie. Tulv 22tid i892Pres. Susan Grantpresiding.:' There were present from Salt Lake City President Zina D. H. Young and L. G. kichards, also Jhshop Barton of-- Kaysvilie and others. Meeting opened by singing,-- "Glorious things of Thee are spoken;" prayer by Counselor . 'Truth re- Minutes of the Conference read and approved. previous Pres. Grant expressed her pleasure at again meeting in the capacity of a Conference. I know it is3-erbusy times here and we can't expect very many to come to Confer ence; many ot Us have sDenL our liv-4- rt all." Sister A.urelia Rogers made a few remarks: ihlc froralnydu ty ' about Spoke children, said we should teach Ihem good principles. "I loVe to come to these meetings and have my spiritual strength renewed." , ,; Sister Zina sjxjke upon 'traditions and obedience, said if we wanted obedient children in the Church they should be taught obedience home, Snoke of ordinances for the sick and referred to clothing the dead for burial; spoke of the duties of the teachers and secretaries and many other important matters. Sister Lizzie Smith she felt m spiritual things and thought our :.u v- 4;.. m leannng iiimc - . Jane Holt; singing, ' ll think-irisgrea- r STAKE. flects Upon btn:, senses.' inieayeiilias organizedlhis Society; Ihebranchesare all linked together";1 if we neglect any one thing the Eord has given us to learn, it will show itself spoke very earnestlybottt prayerT said that we should have it in our hearts all the tiine; if we make sacrifices,to do good we will not lose anything by it; we should try to reform our children and ourselves privilege to be here with Sister Zina and I ask the Lord to bless Treasurer; The bretlirenrwhfHciatM iiT setting apart these officers, were President F. A. Hammond, Bishop C. Burnham, Elders F. A. Young, J. S. Smith, and-DJ. flection. We have a specimen of this kind in our school books which I read jn my youth, but they have long since been called in and others now supply called the "The Shepherd and Philosopher." trunk 1 can repeat it. It reads thus - Report of the organization of the Relief Society of the Xaklata Branch, of the Bura-haWard, organized Mar. 27th, 1S92, as follows: Sister Lydia Taylor was chosen JL act asPresiclenC Sisters Ma and Agnes Smith Counselors. Sister Marx-Taylor Secretary, Miss Li 11 ie Taylor assistant Secretary, Sister Amanda Taylor We are all lovers of the beautifulXbelieveyeL we"tiiust all realize that imitation will not cotrn pare with that which is real, accordingly the God of nature must surely have the preference, in our JLJ1" .L admj ra t ion, becauseJ 1 isintelligencc supersedes all else. There is however another class of people who "are not capacitated to imitate nature of this kind, .yet learn rusefurress6ii''iy' observation and re- I 1 - ks . to hold out to the end and get the blessings that are in storey for the faithful. Myself and Counselors have visited the northern branches of the Society and have organized one new Society it, buinmit isasin; wtiere ever we go we find a few faithful souls and they are the ones that will receive the choicest blessings. Pres. Zina D. Young spoke of the necessity of the young sisters attehdingthe Society; referred to our sons and daughters marrying out of the, Church, many of them have seen the error of their ways. Let us all have a "spirit of . forgiveness and j ! i y 4 im - . 