J . Women CONTENTS. .1 "Among the varied songs of May That ghidden field or .grove, I deem blithe bird, thy woodland lay .... All other songs above. . All night there were whispering voices, Thro' the uplands, meadows and trees; A quiver of life stirred the larches, " And run with glad speed o'er the leas. ' - :- ; . - L. M. II. Yea, the heart must be proven with sorrow, So let not thy courage fail, The clouds will be lighter tomorrow, And thinner the mystic vail; For wisdom and grace will be given Sufficient for all thy need; Tfthy treasures arc stor'd in heaven, Then follow where Christ shall lead. I3e i -- - l! f E'en weary and broken-hearteWith that which thou deemest loss; Although from the dearest one parted He will help thee bear, thy cross; And if the ordeal seems cruel, The Father will make it right, And the brighter thy precious jewel Will shine in the realms of light. if . . - And yet it is a question whether one loses ail, certainly not the memory of true love.that ... remains throuirh-raUth- e chansiua'. shi tino scenes of this dreary, Weary world of bustle . " aBr'8ljdmou . . . 1 I - . " un-lei- ali-the-warblerf ; d, ; passion of the morn Lay hidden, as the music of the Nightingale.1; Sleeps in the plain eggs E. B. W. live. We have an abundance of w ild flowers here in this mountain region, and our children Juliet pleading with her lover gather thera with the ame eestacy and detne iarit not It was the Nightingale ard light that we roamed the New England hills thirfe ear. of hollow fearful the That pierced aiid wgpdtjm the Iet the little on.e3 enjoy these beautifuV Believe me love it was the Nightingale," .fcimple jjleasures,' for the memory will be ' " pleat an t thrculp AVell do I remember the beautiful Maytime the renewal of the in thelpng ago, and how ardently as a child gltdiitjs and thanksgiving : - Memories times when we are alone, and we Almost over again the scenes of the past tbat come so 0 -s - . 1 '- " : s . - i -- A and of work. Love true and pure always makes one better "Sure am I that our Shakespeare's might by developing the best and purest qualities -but-mo- re and not only-bett- er 1 hrilletf at thy wood notes- wild beautiful, and And doulitlcss Milton's darkened sight there is something enchanting iu it that never, quite .dies out aside from tbo memory itself; Thy melody beguiled." but l whs thinking ot Mavtime and not of love, The squirrels come from their winter retreat why should one's thoughtszander awar upon Qnl the brigEt ,Jun L ofirerlhemt'3"3 shine s gaily as though they knew that all time are It closely associated in memory. nature was holding a general jubilee of praise be in however may owing to my knowing part' and thanksgiving. The whole world of living. that most of the girls with whom I went May creatures rejoices in the light and warmth and ing fell in love, so it appeared, even when glow of a Slay day morning and it is meet that ch i Id rem - Gay - ti mes - those were to be - u re, there should be rejoicing for the return of but my special delight in the Spring time was hilltops gilding to wander off alone, and of all the haunts of beauty, that shines upon loftiest the peaks and in .1the lovely vaiesrihere . . . my early years, the hemloekgrove was perhaps 11- - it f ine!! mue-iue- ir 01 ana vauey my theioiet the dearest spot of all and where I let my modest heads,, yet are they searched" out befancies run wild most uncontrollably. t U cause of the sweet perfume that betrays their hidthose wonderful hemlock trees how gracefully for than ing place and makes them more sought they bowed and Jiodded, and fanned me, bow the grandest flower of the plain, whose bright companionable they were; I seemed to imbibe colors' Haunt in the sunshine. 80 is modesty inspiration from association with their sighing and gentleness always unobtrusive, lowly and and tell tale music, even when the birds that meek yet because of these precious qualities swung, to ard fro on their daintiest boughs when found these attributtCJcommend themwere silent or had flown away. The tiny to dearer and held nearer every are and selves flowers that hid themselves" away under the heart than the haughty and arrogant for they dried leaves and moss and the edges of the are often worthless, except in outward appearrocks, were my childish delight, and the Wild ance. So we can learn useful lessons in life flowers were and are my special favorites; no from the flowers, and from ' the birds, and fronr child ever : could huve enjoyed more the secluded Haunts of the woods than I did, everything in nature. the fact that known well nightingale, is a It their capacity for appreciation was greater. the sweetest songster- of the forest, is the New England abounds in these resort?, the" of mad 6 ws are'gay. winnj'tittercups an(i"cowil ips, "plainest would one bird this Indeed the woodland; and the fields with lilies and daises and a the eoui that hundred other awaken can unnoticed lovely blossom?, and the groves pas3 by its in music or composition. has least emption and woods, ray heart swells vvith tenderness Enoch Arden," in for them; arid the memory of those sweet Tennyson says s will remain with me while 1 Spring-timel Where a yet tuiborn, perhap1;, ' sure in the midst of affliction, W hile passing beneath the rod, He'll strengthen the ties of affection, And draw thee nearer to God. Then biavely submit to his dealing .How bitter so e'er thepain For the power of Christ is healing And thy trials are not in vain. ere-converses . TO BEREAVED MOTHERS. , -w- ' 'Twere better to have loved and lost Than never to have loved" at alh" From budding elms a wilder straim Is thine a dearer song. 7 These messengers countless of number, Sprang forth from earth's dark silent womb, Until the whole world from its slumber, Awoke into budding and bloom. -- - The thrush may whistle strong , - j " The skylark cheers the grassy plain They parted the chains from the river, And like a glad child in its play, Rejoicing in freedom, its murmur Echoed thro" the hills far away. m - THE AWAKENING. , flowers to bios-'fioin the hills and pastures, and 0 how fair and radiant all the world seemed in that fairy vision of childhood. How good it h to have. this sweet, glad .pot in our lives, arid to enjoy the balmy fragrance of the buds and blossoms mi the Exponent. From far .sunny south to the northlands, Grand strains of sweet music were borne, And myriad agents of nature Were busy at work ere the dawn. I looked forward for the fay i " For No. '20. -- : v 1, 1892. m recalling tender thoughts of the 'daV3 that rc gone, and we are ready to jjxdaim J'rom fulness of our ,the fut souls where arc the iovea ones that. were with us then? and a thrill i sweetness almost painful tells lis it is and drink in the exhifafating inspiration that a memory, though we could almost believeonly we conies with the freshening breczq of the Spring were back again among the very pastimes and morning, as one rambhs forth to fields and pymeim of the days of vmitli.. Anions the. . paa ur4:svamlhn d n nd--- 0I4 and - Hir-- t delightful associations of childhood, esneciallv with the little winsome maiden we of those who have lived much in the sweeC country, call May. s How iu the woods and hills resound with the cuaiu ojiui, tut'iiiuiy goiutn is the May-da- y or May time; the- sweet May merry laughter and fresh young voices. of the uiuc wueu nejas-awoods are fragrant with May parties, young men and maidens whose the early bloom of flower and bud and vine, hearts are being touched by "the temler pas and when the awakening of ' has come sion, that comes naturally often to tlie most Spring m its freshness and reality. The bird songs uimnpretsionaoie boysj jlst on the verge of manare inspiring, the woods resound with gladness hood. How sweet is love's young dream even at the wild, bird's songs. in memorv., no wonder th rmot- snid-t d . . of all Nations. Women lumi recollection; oft in the night uuivmusicis one of the most powerful agents - I, of zion, ani.lU RigU$ of the ry Maytime Memories Aunt Era. In Rural England A Story. Jubilee Celebration-Ju- lia Druce. To An Unknown Ex. A Letter From Miss AnthonyEx- R. S., Y. L. M. I. A. and P. A. Reports, W. S. A. Reports." Obituaries. Notes and News. Editorial: To the Presidents of the Relief . Society. Thanksgiving: and Prayer. Relief - Society Conference.-Jl-TalenteEnglish Wnman, The Woman Suffrage Cause". Editorial Notes. Utah Silk "for the World's Fair M. A. Till. Laid to Rest Alma Alden. Poetry: The Awakening L. M. H. To' Bereaved Mothers E. B. YV. April Herald of Spring E. B. W. My First Spring Poem Lue. ' . SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, MAY ' i ' .7. . fKjftk, Vol. 20. - - - , Jp.ggJ. 