WOMAN'S . EXPONENT 67 Ah yes, when life is waning fast, nothing wanting to make the affair perfect and perplexities, I dare say they were born in every detail except the presence of the with me, I recollect my old nurse Raynor And charms of youth are in the past; taw elect. The bride and brideWill you then say with soul and heart, father in used to say, I had too much sentiment, and You've filled a high and noble part groom were to leave "the morning after the it cropped put at the wrong time: this cerwedding for the continent, and on returning tainly is an inopportune time to be moody. Through time and sorrow, good and ill. " to spend the winter in Ldudon. This was let us get every thing ready; nine o'clock And find love links us closer still; Hearts'ever true, love, hearts exer true, Lady Anna's idea of happiness; and IJncle comes s0on these dark mornings, my cousin Rob or any one else had not objected, as it who is an early riser will be coming over Loving me, even, as I'd love you? was somehow instrinctively felt, that the here and she shall not find me sad or droop- Zina C Walker. postponementiwas unpropitious and that; it :j: ing on mywedding: day.' was not likely to turn out happily in the Marie thus addressed began to get out the eiidrTHE ROBIN'S NEST. finery the beautiful morning gown was for day. came; it donnedJiLliastejmdilielj At last the was in chilly November and the fields wrere Anna's tea to be brought up stairs, for she many a tree stood tall and green," bare arid bleak and a terrific wind the even- - had declared to the housekeeper she would Though Where any bird might joy to rest. jug previous had shook the rickety bid not breakfast with all those people whom The one that Willie called his own caitle and whistled and shrieked around it, she had so seldom seen, if they were the The robins chose to build their nest. and the great elm trees creaked and groaned nearest relatives.; So Clair was left to keep in his breast the secret lay. them in countenance and maintain the dig- 'Locked and one or two not far from the house snapr He joyed to call thera all his own. ped asunder. Lady Anna would have giv- - nity of the establishment, with the ever And often left his mates at play en way to dismal forebodings had her Un helpful Uncle Rob, while Anna sipped her To see how much the rtest had growTi; xle .Rob...notbeen Avitkh pr esed spirits. Clair who was usually light- - "scarcely swallowing a mouthful. He scattered crumbs around the place, hear&d could scarcely be pacified and after As the great clock of the Castle struck Such things as they in building used. his sister had retired for the night, sat long eight Mrs. Bland was ushered in and inThey grew familiar with his face, with Mr. Harrison telling him of the pre- formed her cousin that Maitland with his Nor found their confidence abused. monitions he felt, and of what the servants retinue had arrived, and with the air of one who brings good news, she added, "I have All day the glad thrill in his heart had been talking of ever since the postponer Made task and toil less hard to bear, heard it is always a good omen when the ment of the marriage. When he ventured to express to Mr. H. bridegroom comes early." Just these few He often dreamed of them at night, And waking found the world more fair. his impression that some great event either words raised Anna's spirits and she began good or bad was about to .transpire which to talk cheerfully almost gaily, as the maid One day from overhanging bough, concerned the house and the family, then displayed her finery one piece after another; While dangled in mid air his legs, Mr. H. replied in confidence, "probably wre the veil was the most delicate lace, the gift are all going to leave England, at least I am of Uncle Rob, and the dress was the most Within the soft lined hollow sphere, He' found four dainty speck'ed eggs. .' :, , .....cauuisilc iuum ius. aluuiuscav uuumcu um suie mat i snail utiure very iumr. uuu vuu r would perhaps .like to accompany me to the Venetian lace and pearls. Her luxuriant But duty called him far away, far East, as it will be very dull7 here and golden hair wTas loosely knotted with pearls And days and hours and weeks went passed the estate can easily be let to some compe- - and crowned herrffi 'Ere come that glad and happy day-- He tent person; the lodge keeper who has been was a bride more fittingly arrayed and as homeward turned his steps at last. so long in your father's employ will look her cousin gazed upon -- her beautiful face after your interests, and you ought to see a and kissed her again and again before they He sought his tree. No chattering bird. 1 I Via- A 1r"fMade music in the checkered light, il&.jrkC.. fli-r IIA - Ill tlf n ffvfr i TiT 11 WJ. L7Ail coir i IL- - ii.t Krn si HLLK. Mii4 ri i oi rr U1U liU II f Jitv" lf ".His very soul the silence heard. and business, now's your time, before mar- - ing, "Was ever a bride so cnarmingr He climbed the tree with sudden fright xxiiu uuuu uicx ui.cu.LU. sue oaiu, auu uunuci i.iuge. Clair was over-joye-d though he would father or mother to bid her God speed or The empty nest among the leaves have preferred his own dear- native-lania. Jbestowablesm Still stood in airy iines of grace, meanmer: and for a moment both shed tears But birds tne tar liast, yet ne was too undemonstraand eggs and hopes were gone. . tive even to make such a suggestion and re- - of loneliness though not of repining, and Tjie bitter tears streamed down his face. plied, to ' Uncle Rob, " as he too sometimes then the cheery manly voice of Uncle Rob called him, that as soon as the fuss and flurry called to them to come down; in the great He never knew what foe to joy, Had slain hi birds', but in those tears of his sister's, wedding, was over he would oak drawing room Doctor Bland and Clair, He knew the pangs poor sorrowing boy put everything in proper shape with the Burke and Hemenway,the Bishop and RecThat is the cross of riper years. help of his lawyers and join him at his tor were waiting, 'the other guests were in s : and waited the summons, the lodgings in London. many, in the flush of spring It was just what Rob Harrison liked Maitland and his mother joined Lady Anna How Have heaped with hopes the glowing breast, though it had not been premeditated, and her cousin and Uncle Rob in the library, That found when autumn winds had blown he felt too that it would be quite beneficial where the formal greetings were given and Within their hearts an empty nest. . to the young Baronet. It was near mornreceived, and then Anna leaning upon Ellen Jakeman. . ing ere the two retired and the night was Uncle Rob's arm and almost fainting with dnrlr rmd fJprrp crnctc nf wind wptp rawn. extreme nervousness stepped forward into Tutt Woman Suffrage Association of Salt ing over the country. No one slept much the grand archway (that had been purposely in that old place for it seemed more than arranged, and beautifully wreathed with the Lake County intend holding an Annual ever forlorn, though the house was filled fairest flowers) where waited young Wal Convention on Tuesday November 15, 1892, conscious a with ton for his heart beating high with guests, who had been arriving the at the Thirteenth Ward Assembly Rooiiis fondest his of fulfillment of last two or three days. . hopes. at 2 o'clock p. m. All who are interested ... pride the asthe ran dawrn At the first grey streaks of in the political education of women are inthrough Lady Whispers of approval Anna rose and called her maid, feeling she sembled company and soon the words were vited to attend. murtsnealr tn some cm?., and of all her rela ' pronounced that made Lady Anna Hilliard Euzabktii Howard. tives there was not a single person among and Maitland Walton husband and wife. them to whom she could speak ot the things Mrs. President Dwightrof Yale College, that lay near her heart. ' J For the Exponent: " And so I am to leave my old home to- originated the idea of a "Yale Home" for students who may need medical care or WHAT WILL THE FUTURE BE? day never to return as its mistress, Marie?" nursing. Mrs. Dwight, with the assistance "And aren't yon gfad my Lady that you of many ladies of New York, among them are going to get a fine handsome man,' rich 'Tis true you say you love me well, C. Whitney, obtained: funds As far as thoughts and words wiH teH; and stylish, who adores you w7ith all his for the erection of the building last spring,' But searching far into your eyes, soul, surely that ought to satisfy any young and it has been completed during the sumDeep in my heart, these words arise,; lady." mer. There every student who is ill can When years fly on, and skies of blue "You do not understand me. girl, no one be under the care of a matron and physician ever does, not even my cousin Mrs. Bland, Fade into grey, will you be true? and receive all the attention which could be t When youth and beauty fade away, nf rt11 thf AVOrldr though thn Will you be truest such a day? but I have feelings I cannot explain,doubts given him at his home. , . " long-looke- d -- ; v , s -- ' - 1 11 1 V I I SIT I i A 1- I H. VV " 1 s-- - v I I ...... - I I 4' - V 1 A J1 .711.1. 1 1 " ' " . L. J. V " -- d -- 1 . ante-room- . . . -- Mrs.-Willia- 1 m . ' l-n- mp-linc- I . 