WOMAN'S EXPONENT. The Rights of the Women Vol. 21, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, SEPTEMBER .CONTENTS. In Rural England .Divine Love L. M. H. With a tender, rev'rent feeling, shall bea thee Irom this pot; Notes and News. Interesting Item M. A. Till. Friday and the Fair. R. S. Reports. Vhy so Men do not V7 C. C. R. Many Marry" At Home Editouial: Again. Baby Eleanor and EinesrMines Stage Lines. Editorial Note. Greenleaf Whittier. Mrs. May Wright John E. Death of a Sweet Child Louisa. Se-wa- W. Gow 'Gregor. AadT'tt xaceTTTsacredkepinf Whisp'ring, '77 forget thee not" Thou hast taught me I shall keep; Ever praying for my dower, Traits like thine, pure,good, and meek. j1y jrrjjiyg Sin cap never be a part; g O, Where Dost Thou - " Oh, the lesson, little flower, , . ..-- r-- home-comin- g Though it'be unknown and lowly, It may cheer a drooping heart. F. Wander-R.- M. f- ... ll No. 6. 15, 1892. could have detected the embarrassment she really felt. The" feastis- - spread: the servants" in holiday attire and the gateways festooned with trailing evergreens from the park, and you will be welcomed in the most courtly manner; a few of the neighbors have been, invited to welcome home the young master of Hilliard Castle and estates," said the over.--JDtojafiteiidifir&Usal u tatio n "I was in hopes our would been have with out parade or demonstration after so long an absence, " replied Miss Con' way. "It would have been impossible after the message sent down by Burke and Hemen-- , "way that Mr. Hilliard was to take formal possession in place of his father, and the Rector himself has" been invited, so you see it becomes a duty of the nobility he represents to have some formality, in order to give a sort of' legality to the affair, and really the gathering is very small compared to the wealth and rank of the young heir. It shall be made as light as possible for. you, .Lady Anna will be expected to show her self equal to the honors, but the principal ht impression 1 thing will be to make upon all present, and especially the old retainers and tenantry who are critical on tnese customs ana usages at testiyecere. J -- JYh-ipJjnOlde- Night o:Ziony and the Rights of the Women of all Nations. , - ; May thy beauty never perish, Ever radiant may it last; ' In my mem'ry thee I cherish, A SILENT LESSON. As a token of the past. I am sitting by a streamlet, In a cool and shady dell, Hyacinth. Alpine, Aug. i, Where the grass and tiny leaflet, In profusion love to dwell. IN RURAL ENGLAND. Here and there I spy a daisy, Pearly-whit- e' and russet brown, Nodding bright in sunlight hazy, Modest glances casting down. . s: To and fro fn silence swing; Like the undulating billows, To the heart sweet music bring. At my feet 'neath fern leaves droopin Therehipplkgaterflows, Over rocks and pebbles leaping, Down the valley to repose. Golden gleams of sunlight stealing O'er the velvet covered ground; Flashing sunbeams slowly creeping Up and down and all around. JJIutt'ring butterflies still hover,- - Dressed in white,gold,brown and black, Over buttercups and clover, ' Seeking sweetness neither lack. Busy bees with ceaseless humming, 'Mong the mosS and watercress Heavy-ladehomeward coming, Dost thou wish thy burden less? n Whence derived that subtle odor Fragrance from an unseen spot? O'er my scattered senses wander, Mtm'ries ne'er to be forgot. Once again sweet perfumes wafted the softlyighing hreeze; 'Tis some flower closely shaded, By, verdant grass and; leaves. Hither, thither, quickly seeking, By the banks with wet; Calmly sleeping, shyly peepinj Lo! there dreams a violet. dew-drop- -- s, LtrwiyTfifim Thou art solace to my heart; Like an ever welcome shower, JPi2H,i93l?? ES.h Qp.es, jmpiirt .; XXII. . com-- , paratively dull, Lady Anna grieved being separated from Maitland, nd Miss Conway was full of vagW uncertainties as to her meeting the Doctor; Clair wTas the only really cheerful one of the party; he was Little songsters, in and out, Sweetest melodies In soft cadences about While'the tall and stately willows, . The' journey from London was Up above in branches bending, forth-sendin- 1892. prospects of future prosperity 111 store. He tried to keep up a brilliant run of conver sation with the young ladies, but it was im possible even for him, with his youthful ex uberance of spirits; and the second day out, he relapsed into silence. . , - TlieldrachHiorssoggexl-tfrraudth- e hours wore away, there was very little to interest one in the scenery at this early season of the year, the clouds were dark and the March winds blew fiercely, so that there was no chance of opening the coach windows, and Clair whistled- - and sang snatches of songs for his own amusement until his sister Anna complained, and then he teased aiid worried her about Maitland and Rob Harrison jn sheer desperation for want of something to occupy his time. JNever inmore, mood than Jane Conway during thoughtful the entire journey; she scarcely spoke at all, jxceptjwhen it was positively necessary, but on reaching the grounds near the park, she felt it an imperative - duty to herself and others to. rouse from the reverie that had enveloped her all the way from London, and to make an effort to respond at least to the cordial welcome, if homely one, she knew would be given the party on their return to the Castle. Some rods distant fromihe grcatgateay, horsemen were seen coining towards -- them, and Jane's heart beat rapidly feeling sure Dr. Bland was one of the company. Sure enough it was the Doctor and a few of his friends, to escort them in. Jane Conway knew by this demonstration that he felt sure of her, or he would haye... ctmjye jun- was not certain ol jier selt- control but summoning courage she stood the test; modestly as became the occasion, . yigiman ' -- -- the-rig- "We must bave ti m e to chan ee our traveling dresses for dinner costume, after responding my -said Anna, good Doctor," Lady "As to that you are the best judges, I see nothing amiss, your maids will attend to "thirdressmgT" whatever an old fellow. likeT me might have to say. I see you have a new attendant, and the Doctor bowed politely to the pretty French maid who rode with them to be near when wanted. The coach drew up to the wide massive doorway and the ponderous oak doors were unbolted, with great ceremony and there stood in state,Liiot only the porter and attendants but the late Baronet's solicitors Burke and Hemeiiway, whom the party had office were in at their supposed London; the vas Baronet yp Wig ;alniasjL..,crosai.joE his -feetj and so little did he know -- of the strange proceedings that he was scarcely coherent in his did much better, and Miss Conway whose part in the involuntary program came last was so reserved, only bowing, nodding and smiling that she quite awed the crowd of enthusiastic admirers, who thronged the hall and outer lauding, "How handsome4 the young heir has grown, what a magnificent figure and bear ing he has! Acharming foreign accent and wonderful eyes! He'll set the whole country, wild!" These and many other similar exclamations from the crovd were heard as they passed alongTas well as favor able comments upon Lady Anna's figure aiid appearance, "so like her mother," - . in-comi- ng . -- ; Mmejwcr&:reja features, and heavenly eyes;" finally the girls reached the apartment made ready for them , where warm wood fires ancL palely eU low-light- s -- X.' taSfglo the dark . 