WOMAN'S EXPONENT. and .with this long speech she flaunted "out The interviewr was in every way satisfactory, Flowers, loving: hands gather'd of the room in high dudgeon, and Jane really felt much more at ease than Distilling richest perfumes. v Jane Conway stood still a moment' to if the cloud that over the domestic Standing before the altar, think rwhat was best to do, she had heard department had nothung burst. Looldng angelic, divine! before that the housekeeper had a violent Two or three days sufficed to settle Mr. Admiring crowds there follow, temper when thwarted, but it had never ocBurke's business, and off he set to see after Music and service sublime. curred to her that she could threaten, nor the final arrangements for, the house in town. The church filled, and o'erflowing, had she even thought of any relationship Sir Edward had never a Mark the sacred rites performed, kept house in Lon between Mrs; Burke the housekeeper and don always Hear from the organ pealing, taking handsome apartments Mr. Burke her uncle's solicitor. ; Discretioii St falnTof divTnest song, isTtlie "Letter part of valor thought the wanted to mingle with his own 'set. ' ' ,v The marriage robes, and vestments, young woman, and I'll wait until she has had all" Anna was excitement and her Lady And scenes most superbly fair, time to think better of it, and see her again cousin feared nervous prostration but the Pass in array before me, tomorrow. Jane did not mention to her Doctor wras watchful and gave her strict With the sacredness of prayer. cousins the little incident in the store-rooorders and also wrarned Maitland in regard where she had encountered the housekeeper; to the matter, telling him that she was so becircumstances but frail he. would need to avoid everything shaped themselves, for Husband sons all absent fore retiring who should be announced but calculated to" trouble or to The martial music has ceased, weary her. Burke himself direct from Eondon. The Young men don't comprehend such matters And red fields of the mangled, and housekeeper made her appearance all smiles was vcrv Are crowned with the sheaves of peace, very well, youiier Walton jijjiLfuibelows ai tu ponh i m , andMrss ngnoraiitjibouLg Bringing (uiihimnrxif'iTCdoiirY sisters and his ideas about women were ali Conway snraTnessage iM And reaping from martyr'd slain, to say she would like to speak with him as fonnedby his own .mother, Whose natural Nourished with blood of heroes, soon as tyas convenient for him to see her constitution was excellent. Like early and latter rain. in the drawing-roo; Anna almost ill was the Into God's-Acrtime Lady by peaceful, When the boy who brought the message they wrere ready to go and her cousin felt Have been borne my precious dead, left the room Mrs. Burke in aii undertone reluctant about leaving homet rememberMoving from the church altar her husband's know 'I the last cousin, and the terrible addressing I've followed with mournful tread; ing journey fatality, what Miss Conway wants with you, its to but the Doctor consented to travel with his tell you I've refused to obey her orders, ward and see her safe to iler journey 's end, Dear honored old Piano! coining interfering with me after I've been and that reconciled Miss Conway to leaving mistress here all these years,and never took home. The young: Wtrirl" improved as thev Treasured mem'ries thou dost hold, no orders Irom anybody but Sir Edward 'went by easy stages, the cold bracing air Ever to mind recalling, himself.- !Vanished scenes from days of old. gave her an appetite and when they af nved "And do you say you refused to obey she looked more like herself and Dr. Bland Throlbudding bloom, and fruitage, Miss Conway? whjr she'siu charge felt no reluctance in leaving her in her While I here my vigils keep, its only against yourself, do you want to be cousin's care. " " Far into chill of winter; dismissed from this place? J shan't help you And its length'ning shadows deep. if you get notice to go its for your interest L. M. Hewlings. THE OLD PIANO. to keep in with the newT bosses, there's not Atchison, Kan. in a shilling left the will for. any of you; "but I'veno" doubt ydifveleHuparetty Dear honored old Piano, penny while you've beenin senice, couldn't Standing idle, silent,-rstil- l, NOTES ANJQUXE WS, be otherwise,-wdiause have you got for skilled performers, yreM&Ste That oft made thy chords to thrill? money with neither chick lior chilH7""Kol Mrs. Zerelda G. Wallace, "the Mrs. Burke you'd better keep the place and Where are the fairy fingers,- mother of Ben Hur, ' ' has lately become a , be respectful." That flew over the ivory keys, great grandmother. Mrs. Burke was very much crestfallen Where are the minstrels, liiiv Women s luiucational and Indusafter this conversation, she had counted upAnd the tuneful melodies? trial Society; Fall River, Mass., has been on this relative of her husband s in case of Where are the groups that gather'd incorporated. Susan II. Wixou is president, And the happy household throngs; any emergency arising, and he had not and Mary E. Hyde, treasurer. snown as mucn reeling lor ner as one Strains of heavenly music, " from a she but made And the sweet expect stranger, B. Dk. Amelia jnight inspiring songs? Edwards left almost the ctir 1i?tr 'i ..tnitirl o ivTii11n flint tin lipr Where are my lovely daughter?, whole of her property to found a profesWhere my handsome growing boys, penny if she should die tomorrow. This sorship of Kgyptologvy under certain conwas her verdict. , Books, and instruments idle; ditions, at University College, London. It Burke the solicitor went to trie drawings O, where the bustle and noise? is believed that the value of the chair will room nremred to do battle in her nefenrc if I look thro' doors and windows, amount to about $2,000 a year. for too he the Afar and down necessary however the thought street, up Miss E. U. Yates, of Maine, has inBaronet might have remembered his faith-fn- l Listen for merry voices, vented, a nev word, lIrdame' r . (Mr. and servants in his will. - And th e tram p of coming feet, ' lady), pronounced Merdam. She says: "In He was totally disarmed when Miss ConShading my eyes from sun rays, the new order of things, there is a demand way appeared, and was ready to agree 'with, As erst in days of old, rv for a title to express the partnership of her in everything. In fact she was so cool Wonder if they are straying men and .women in business. This word and dignified he could not but admire her AfTar on the hills of gold? carrbe: applied "wheiOhe partners are hus- -' manner of dealing with the difficulty. Slier I call in vain for answer, band and wife, brother and sister, or brothsaid very little but he understood how emI'm weary waiting alone; er and somebody else's sister, viz: Mrdaine barrassing her position was, and that she Why so long do they tarry, Smith and. Jones." . This is ingenious, and was really the only one in the house Who Ah, will they never return? want. ' ' may, be found to meet a . "long-fel- t could exercise any authority in a war.'to - Oft in moments of musing, command respect, and he could see plainly Miss Frances Hardcastle, ol Girton Floating like incense along, .that if Mrs. Burke: revolted the whole re Come the sweet airs of Beethoven, College, Eng., who has been placed in the tinue of servants (save perhaps one or two) second class, division three, ofPart II. of And grand old masters of song. would join - with her, and the household J the Mathematical Tripos," is a Two little forms oft I fancy, turned topsy-turv- y to the and of Sir John Ilerschel. She entered Girgoing Iyondon "Conning o'er their lesson sheet, would fie stopped, and out of that he figured ton in 1 888, and was a Senior Optime in And one, two, three, four counting; : on turninsr this London season to his own Part I. of the tripos last year. xVlthough Again; and again repeat. " account. I mark the dimpled fingers, Miss Hardcastle. has not obtained a first, The morning brought the housekeeper she has done better in Part II. than any And rich braids of shining hair, to Miss talk with wroman who has hitherto taken it except blue ribbon, early Conway's room, "to Plaited, tied over With-rnand know was what things expected' fissFavvtthemallier v i TrtTt r i im Tiii ;i r of m ; Again fairest fabrics, part are considered so difficult that fewr exconciliate. in daintiest out looms, Wrought cept high Wranglers ever attempt it. Ex. t . . 1 m to-w- -- . -- m e 1 f A. 7" ... . t t sweet-voice- d - , V 't-lf- : : , -- grand-daught- . " " - . ' o 1 i i f i i w w er 