WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Spencer; Poem by Ruth M. Fox; Strikes in Northern Idaho by E. B. Wells; Poem, Syntethia Dickinson; Song, Maggie Basset. ' E..R. Siiipp, Rec. Sec FROM FAR AWAY. gizzard and contents, craw and all and mix, you woud have something resembling it in appearance and smellcannot say as to taste for we did Fagalii,. Upolu, Samoa, not eat the gau. Sept. ii, 1892. in our hands Taking a piece of the bread-frui- t Dear Exponent Readers: we took our departure, after thanking them for As i sit hertti):i this quiet Sabbath day and their kindness and bidding them "tofa.V' listen to the splash and roar of the ocean waves, Returning to our home we related the exmy mind involuntarily reverts to a few brief months ago and in fancy I find myself in one of perience to the brethren, who had a good laugh at our expense, for such meals are ..often spread your cozy parlors, and would like to tell you bef ore them and they are not at a"loss to kno w something abont- - the;; strange: iandahdcuriou3 how to act either, fo r th ey h aye learned ong.ago people I have" seen since leaving Our Valley how to appreciate Samoan hospitality., "Home. The Sanioans prepare many varieties of food; Sister Hilton and I live together in a comfort which are altogether unpalatable to us and in able little cottage in the village of Fagalii. This village this cottage is the mission home .many of their customs and. habits are very deand usually President Browning and one or two graded indeed, but while this is a fact it is also other elders are there, while the rest of "the true that there are honest souls among them and brethren are dispersed over the islands in pairs th ese our faithful elders are diligently seeking to 1 '' ; - ndJSrj with theriatives i huts, sleeping on mats spread on the ground, and eating food svhich I don't think you would consider at all tempting could you see it when spread out ready to partake of. We have only two church members "among the natives of Fagalii; both women who have embraced theGospel recently and seem to be very sincere in their convictions. Besides these there are a number who are very friendly and may join us in the good cause ere long. We visit our friends often and although we are unable to say much to them, they are ever pleased to see us and show their love by - trying V to make us ;as comfortable "as is possible. Let me describe one of those visits to you. It occurred a few weeks ago when Sister Fetoai had 'been ill for a few days and was hardly yet able to sit. up. r She and another old lady were the only occupants of the house and as they saw Sister H. and I approaching Fetoai sat up on her mat-be- d and hurriedly put on her mother hubbard that she might be ready to receive us. We had learned to. walk slowly on nearing a house so as to give the people time to dress, so we found our friend looking tidy enough in her calico vrapjper wft mat was spread for us to sit on, which we accepted and though finding it somewhat difficult tried to sit Samoan fashion. We inquired about our sister's health in a few words which had been taught leaving home and which we had been repeating to ourselves on the way, and when she told us she. was "malolo," we did not know whether she was better or worse until we went home and got the interpretation f the word. Our stock of words being nowexhausted-w- e remained silent, while a conversation was carried on between the two women the import, of which we soon guessed, for they began to hunt something" for us"' to" eat. We were not hungry but could not tell them so and were afraid to refuse to eat for fear of giving offense so we decided to try to get down a few bites. The first course was a ripe bananna each, which we could have eaten with relish but for the peculiar smell of the place; next came a piece of baked bread-fru- it and cooked green banannas. All were laid tm the mat before us, and while endeavoring to dispose of the first bananna, we sat gazing at our table andtheaateach other and wondering what we had better do about it. While we wondered the old lady took a large leaf from a basket in which we knew some delicacy was hidden, but ohl how we did hope she would not offer us any vpf it. Sister H. said "O dear, let's go" but I did not see how we could just then so we remained sitting while she uncovered the dainty viands. Our stomachs literally turned over at sight of the mess; it was what the na t i ves ca I "gau ;" Id o not know. whatit wascj We hope to be able to assist a little in the good work and to this end desire the prayers and faith of all our good sisters in Zion. One lesson we are sure will be indelibly impressed upon our minds if we learn nothing more while we are heref and that is to appreciate our homes and their surroundings when once we are permitted to return. And not . only will we appreciate, our homes but how much will we learn to love and cherish the dear relatives and friends" whom we have left, after being separated from them for a seasonl May heaven's richest blessings attend the sisters in Zioh in all their efforts to do good, and may we all be enabled to fulfill our duties aright in whatever position we may be placed. Ever praying for the welfare of Zion and her Joying mothers and faiEdaughtersXreinain Your sister in the Gospel, . us-befo- a kind of worm I would say wH$Jto5ut the , Annie I think if you D. Stevens. .. U. W, P. CLUB. .. . W. S. A. SPRINGVILLE. A Meeting of the Woman Suffrage held in the Springville meeting house, Sept. President S. . A. Boyer in the chair. Singing "Come, come away." JVayer by ;...Mrs.i "Straw."" Minutes read .and approved. President JJoyer said, "We have met to hear and study the :Politcal Status of women, the women of America are free in every sense except before the law. Wished to hear from the Ter. Pres., Sarah M, Kimball. Mrs. Kimball said her presence here showed her leeungs; did not believe in ignorant I 22, 1892. . should be. The business of todav" is" for women to educate themselves so as when they have the Jballotthey may be able to vote for the best good for the town or city in which they live, for the Nation, and for the best good for the greatest number, that all should be able to vote for the best good of the many. The ideas of the best andbroadest-minde- d men of today, are that women should be recognized in politics. As for the World's Fair, we should not prepare our costume or wardrobe, but wait until we see what is by the Committee appointed on Dress Reform, and if accepted wear it, that is for those that wish to. She honored those men that upheld the Constitution in believing all to be free and equal before the law, and they would be honored in the future. Mrs. Emily Richards said men and particularly ,4 f tr iiicu icpuiicis nci, sjiukc ui sunrage uting such a hard name, encouraged women to try and fit themselves so as to bejrue companions for ihvii iiujvuuuj, nuum ua.t. iu sec CVC1 y WUuIali come here as intelligent beings ready to receive the ballot, that we should prepare ourselves to i n itii uiv, nuiitvii ui uic nvlIU alia "UC .J honorably noted as women of Utah; We' "afeah organized body and should go ahead and work systerriatically'and on a basis with men, prepare yourselves for the ballot and you' will get it. If the simple fact of going to the polls and voting is so degrading, go and help puriJy them. Ii wo- men, as iney ao, nave to earn their. own living, educate them that they may earn it in the most respectable and beneficial way. Did not believe in neglecting duties at home, but we forget that all women do not have homes and families, when 1 we have it is the family first and then all else, we can. Turn our sociaf entertainments into some kind of meeting to instruct ourselves. She urged Tn l A t a n - srvr t f .. . au...ius rair il roitu iiiai couIU. Was well with the in Spring--villvery pleased organization J "" de-'cid- ed L 1 sv-iuc- 1 7 u . jviu-nuiiui- U. W P. Club called to orderbyJh e , President, ti B. Wells. Opened by prayer, L. T. Freeze. Roll called and minutes read and approved. Preliminary business transacted. Original article by L. G. Richards entitled "Work and Love Children," read by Secretary E. R. Shipp. Trip to England written and read by Gladys Woodmansee. Trip to Alaska, oral description by Miss N. V. Davisj-Toto- me poles definitely devarious tribes of scribed, Durango Indians habits and modes of living, sun shining at n o'clock at night; interment of bodies covered with pearl buttons: islands and deep green water, snowcapped, mountains and gushing cascades at Toqua Inlet, glacier iceberg, dead river , yet still alive, live icebergs crushing into the water. At Juno a wall of gray stone. Pictures covered with gold and silver, and pictures of Raphael's at the Greek Church each valued at twenty thousand dollars. Church at Zitka a Gem of the purest water; visited Mission. Shool7 Indian River, B linoff Castle, Indian Village, Mine Glacier, very beautiful and wonderful mountains, Mt. Fairweather fifteen thousand : feet high. Boise City charming, but SaU Lake most beautF re 1 low . -- ------ - lr Poem read by Phebe C. Young. E. B. Well's travels and sojourn in Wallace, Idaho strikes, affairs, etc., in Cceur d' Alene. The President suggested that a meeting be called during the coming General Conference so that ladies from the country could attend. Those who belong and others who would like to join. Decided to select a favorable night and publish , , in the papers. f-- ..... Vi e. " Song by Miss Nellie Holley, "The Bridge." Booth of Provo, said, President, wo men and men. : His impression was, there was a great deal expected of him but was afraid thev would get disappointed, did" not remember when he was converted to suffrage, but it was before he verh5ardof Mt alway s believed :Jt,-a- nd always advocated jir ApriL.188' state coaveflton. was held in Salt Lake, some of the ladies did excellent work in committees, thought women would do much better work now because they Ex-May- or -- Jt'. -- were better nostpd- - krYiPvA .. .. i . r come iium uarmony in roittics as well as the home. That in 1847 the first laws "of Utah were participated in by woman, and that the wo men of Utah were the pioneers in this move of Suffrage. Thanked the women for saving the whole Territory from beTuVdisfranchised thron rh . itlJeir . -- t-- - 4aflgiieer T4i!tni e m ike H d"6F naH'rrT physicat, mental, and spiritual. That women are to Continuation Woodof Alaska; trip Gladys spiritually man's superior, that men always excel l, mansee s: trip ;ta , E ngjaad;.,,- Poem by , j oseph ineV - in ail higWcaliing burt - " ' 