9 S The Rights of the Women of Zion, ' and the Rights of the Women of all Nations. Vol. 21. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, JULY 15,1892,. CONTENTS. Woman's VbrkPhebe C. Young: By-Law- s, . U. W. P. Club. W, S. A. Reports. Good Words From Mrs. Boy den. . World's Fair Notes. In Rural England America. Editorial: A Story. Prehistoric Man In Notes And Comments. Old Folks Gala Day. , A Good Woman Gone to Rest. Sarah Griffith Richards L. L. G. R. Sad News Annie D. Stevens. Chatting and sporting in their youthful glee, ' The meadows resound with the merry shout, Of their voices, so clearly ringing out In laughter, and song as they rake the hay, In the sunshine bright on a July day; And, the broad fields are of their beauty shorn, And off to the barns the are borne. hay-loa- , ds How many summers are over and gone, How many dearjne,jindjbn PraRIzIidmErr To part that woman takes in guiding- its first steps and combating the dangers that beset theJiu man race in the first stages of: its existence', the nights of watchfulness and days of care through which she must pass in order to accomplish this, if she does this successfully we think her fortunate and yet her work is onlyjust begun for she must play her part as a helpmeet for man, she shares his sorrows and helps him bcJiis - There's the girls and boys as they us'd to be zliwdtn , "not. only raising her family but also assisting to , provide for them; but this is a labor. of love "V. Romance F. D.rS. "Jennie" Annie. and happy is the woman who can afford to devote her labor and her heart's best energies for the good of husband and children in a home where the ruling power is love. PRAY. But often much as we love to contemplate such a state we are compelled to acknowt And the humming-bird'- s 'Tis a time of trial my sisters nest swung in the edge in this day of progress and civilization, V A time when we all need to pray; breeze, that tens of thousands of women must stand From the verdant boughs of the Juniper trees; And call on our Father for wisdom, alone. They must fight the battle of life To guide us through each coming day. And, the happy lovers gazed on the nest- handed and seek out vocations for And: thought of the home they'd make in the single themselves. Woman can no longer shelter 'Tis a day when we need His succor,' West;" "... herself behind her weakness and say I have A day when we need to be strong; As perfect and charming the home-nes- t should be no occasion to know anything but houseFor Satan is gath'ring his forces, As the tiny thing swinging there from the tree. hold work and the needle. The woman of The line of the battle along. Alas! for the bird; the nest, and the mate, today is called upon to take her part in the Left alone, to suffer a cruel fate. ; , world's work and there are positions for Our paths are bestrewn with temptation which she is particularly fitted,. And when midsummer ev'ry year returns, Snares and traps for our feet are laid; AVoman as a physician has been eminentThe bird for its mate instinctively yars;'--;- -; ' And often we trip by the wayside, ly successful and there is no place in. which: And oft from the path we have strayed Bntthejum better ''advantage 'or with Are standing lh?re now,, as hyjlid x)ryQrer - -- she benefit more We find as we travel .huge boulders, to herself and others. It has ' And the sunshine floods in amber and gold, been conceded That seemingly block up the way, that woman ?.s a, writef comThe forests and meadows, just as of old, i well with E'en shut out the sunlight of heaven; her brother man, and that But we look in vain for a simple token pares a as writer of fiction Now here says the tempter you'll stay she cannot be excelled. Of the lover's vows, that there were spoken. Woman should be careful how she uses so ' E. B. W. v -- ; ; You'll surely not try to go farther, a talent. It is said "the pen is great You'd better turn round and go back; than the sword," and trulyJt is a .mightier I will show The for you is fairei, great power good or evil in the hands of WOMANISATORK, And smoother and broader the track. can that wield it well. V r any 4 ' As a teacher in schools woman is recosr- "Tis then we must gather our courage, What is it ! when did it begin; when will nized'as capable and efficient and is permitAnd muster our strength for the fray; ltenar ' wnat is its object and ultimate re- - ted to perform her full share of labor both in To bafile the cunning of Satan, r warar bur private and public schools although per:;...7T Ah ! then is the time we must pray. These are questions the answers to which haps not always rewarded according to her might fill a volume, and I am fully aware merits; in this vocation woman can exercise Then steals through the darkness a sunbeam, how impossible it will be in the limited A voice whispers softly an low; j space of one sjiorUartkrle to do justice to sires to use the influence she possesses over I hear you my . daughter come hither, this vast and important subject, If we - the young placed under her charge, and not I'll lead you the" way you should go. should ask when did woman's work begin? only seeks to employ the hesUmethod lor j is Our minds must travel back to the time imparting the lessons she Up! up! with new courage we" clamber, expected . to -when the earth was new and fresh and fair teach that will enable them to take their Our faith and hope once more renew; from the hands of its Creator. When man places, amongst the educated and 1 refilled; When lo! we have mounted the boulder, v was placed upon it then womanwas quickly but Will also strive to; implant in the minds And light has burst forth on our view. by his side, herself the fairest of all and her of those she teaches the pri nciples of virtue -Whenever you're borne down with sorrow. influence was quickly felt fof and "educateu the! lilart-'awelt ' ' V Or the tempter seeks to waylay; ; V.' out it was vyjien: ;nQtherJvve heard - the "cry as the headr- "Go waft your petitions to heaven of her flritborn and called out in the first I once heard T TiovmfTftfrti God pity the soul that can't pray. exultation of mnfliprhnnrl if something were not v. i ti ' iu done in man from the Iord, that woman's work this respect, some of the institutions., R. M. F. Y Poetry : How oft the flowers have blossom'd and died". Since in midsummer time a happy bride Left home and friends, and was borne away, Just when the meadows were teeming with hay; The roses and daisjes their bloom had shed, But Juniper berries were ripe and red. " ' .. . ...... .. ' - - -- r . " a -' can-lalwto- -' -- ' w-a-y ; .. 1 - i -.- . . . 'gojbivil;:4 and-morali- ty s aProlessor-makelthesErt-ingassertipn-th- - . really began: MIDSUMMER. Tis midsummer n time, and the hay, Lies fresh in the meadows over the way, The breath of the cowslips and clover bloom, With the midsummer hay yield a sweet perfume; And- it tcarcs-u- s And memory's music around us plavs: - .-- new-mow- fadrthTBon we e'eir forget, we are growing old, As the past with its joyous scenes unfold. at" ywiA-i- ' - : of learning wouldin ali ttie while turn' out intellectual monsters; because of the absence of those moral principles of virtue and right that are a guiding star to the feet of youth. In this respect woman may do much both by her influence and example to bringarx)ut a better state of things. , To be a Mother. Oh that name! How hath it filled the world with fime, For men of fame had not been here ' Had it not been for mother de$r, " ' Then when we think upon the myriads that since that time have-kee- n been ushered upon this mortal stage, with the fulLknowl xlge thatvfontfin IiaTalways been the chief actor in the scenes then enacted; and reflect upon the helplessness of infancy and the But these avenues that jna; be considered some thehigherbr work: arevhot open to all, and they who are fortunate enough to be able to enter them must not look 'down on, or ..despise tlieir 5' humbler sisters-r"Ther- e are .thousands of 