WOMAN'S" EXPONENT. 110 all of divine goodness, mercy and favor; all of There was. no stereotyped aristocracy o'f Him truth, justice and judgment. It is the holiest of left oil record. r Some have lived many times Fifty Years, all that is holy. It is the prompter of all His works; the very foundation of His throne; and others only so many minutes. Ths may seem constitutes the divinity of His bein and' char strange to some, but not strange"r to the Jilaster. "He "gives," and 'hntakes! acter.. We and all we have is His, if Him we For this reason we may safely trust Him, for serve. love worketrr no ill. Like one of old we may say . years ago a journey was marked out by a master hand. 1 he line was straight, but the road had many curves.to obscure our vision thougbhc--sIay-me-yet--win---Itrust-lii- Though he may afflict, it is but to purify; though he may chasten, it is to refine, and should he ad- minister judgment, it is Tmt to redeem; and all" these administrations are virtues for man to pattern after. In this love there is no lurking haje to bias the infliction of penalties rot justly demanded by. the law that- - has .beenviolated,L All- men are creatures of his mercy, partakers of His kindness. His love is not quenched by pur indifference to it. All these are lessons for us to emulate, they filLour souls with gratitude to Him as our Father, and teach us that by loving our fellovvreaturiL,,.w.eta . VU ti V4 lilVf 1 0 I1UU M. Pomeroy. ' FIFTY YEARS PAST, AND ONE HUNDRED YEARS HENCE. Thelltk of March J8i2,was an eventful day. Saint women. , Fifty years has for Latter-dapassed since then; those years of time were not ours, tbey were lent us. Now as we have borrowed, should we not rey turn withu&urj? At least our laWs- should . speak for Us that we obey, if we love Him, whose blood was fcpiU His life for us so kindly - given. -praise, Not only obedience, but humility, was the great leeson He taught. "Except je be converted, and become .as little children ye shall not citer into lhe kingdom oi heaven." . ta,answerT-andthes'ear- e - ; - - - . ; Pres. Robson and his family with some other friends. My son Wm. married C. I. R's. daughter and my eldest son Talmas married a daughter of Villa. At B. F. Johnson, formerly ot Spring-Lak- e such a gathering an absent one is missed very much, so I missed Zula, wife of S.F. Kimball. Ever having a desire for your happiness and th e success of our little p ape r, which is such an able advocate of the rights of women, I will ever remain Its well wisher. Yours with much lover Sarah wn-4irneb- : rrl--ii- ULUV VU ths-pasfcf- and ; " J g -- - t Mr have climbed above. WOMAN BEFORE THE LAW, the cliffs, we have obtained a magnified vision by which to scan more closely the lives of ..wAdvocates of equal rights have'many annoy-inoman, and man) and moie safely tread. Time now so precious that we might build things to contend with, many exasperating well; we must not recount all the labors or arguments to meet, many disagreeable people. , moments of our all embod ied in ihe. wasted in backward idle gaze, for if to time woman who "has all the rights she wants." lent us, principal with interest is to be comThere is some excuse for the opposition of puted, we can only reckon and add our future men who are unwilling to share their gain, to our present status. power. Some allowance must be made What of i? if ty years? It 13 behind us, we for those men who are conscientious in.th bemust look before us, some may yet reach it, lief th a t the lines wil 1 be made harder instead but many are past it and with speed are rush- - of easier for women when they possess political ning on with all our, force and might; and lfat .1 equality, and who oppose" it"forthese7Kmdly, twilight only we begin to do the labors of the although misguided, reasons, liut patience reaches its limit when it encounters a woman day, we are too soon lost in the darkness. There is but little time left to complete the who would deny all other women the suffrage work that God gave us to do, unto the time of because- -' she -- has- all the rights she wants." His coming. He said "1 11 cut my work short There is only one person more narrow, selfish in righteousness or else no flesh would be and ungenerous, and that i3 the .woman who ' saved." signs a "remonstrance"' against granting the He ha3 given us eyes to see it and hearts ballot. A few women have done this, an into feel it, for which I praise his high and holy finitesimal number compared to those who have name. signed petitions asking for the privilege of What of the next One Hundred Years? (I voting, and their posterity will blush to read will here give a portion of an article which I their names. The womanof a few generations wrote on an occasion that called it forth on the hence will be utterly at a loss to understand "8lh of AUgrl889,:referiEg ttr one hundred years the epirit that ..will We houses. ask ithatjreedpm and.mdependence might not hence.) may believe, that, I then be built as by magic- The works of be conferred upon her. :3uH mah,"andrthe wasting 15 will be relieved by electricity, steam power dition of these women who "have all the rights and other devices. Foreign friends in almost they want." We will glance at the events of will become a moment, our next door neighone week, that chanced to get into the daily Our crops in the field will 'hurry their print, only a small part of what is happening in this respect all the time. We find Miss f growth and maturity by scientific methods un til the scriptures will be fulfilled that say, Irene W. Coit passing with honors the severe JiThe plowman shall "overtake theTeaper." examination forntranceoYale Collegeaiid The birds of the air will sing the melodies of refused admission because She is a woman. the harpist. Our horses will talk to us as with We see a number of Methodist Assemblies well written language. The waves of the seas of ministers voting against permitting women will dance and be quieted, at the command of to sit as delegates in the General Conference the scientist. The polar seas will be warmed simply because they are women. - We read of and yield to the rays of the summer's sun. the Presbyterian Conference of Alabama vot-The lessons that now seem so hard to the ing that women shall not be permitted to speak child, to .cope with,vill,bfi as simple in is to the sire, for as knowledge ex-- " be cared for by two commissioners who own .tends, the power of perception will be quickproperty on the street. Upon one it was found ened with the advance of time, and on the that every property owner on the street was nearing of God's predictions, so will His a woman but one. Therefore, instead of appower be made manifest, to not only move pointing this man and one woman, they upon the scientist to unravel and explain selected a man from another street for the what appears as .mysteriesandJhdden powers other commissioner. In NTew Hampshire a but He himself, the Great Master of science?, drunken Canadian, farmer stole 'their 'child; who holds the keys will turn "rthenTloriHnn rrbKs"'''wiFe'r"and gave it to his parents in kindT Jn4he day of Ilis rpower and thus solve-thCanada. The mother, protected by a detective now great problems. .. secured the child, which she found covered Let us then leave our neighbor's weak poin ts with dirt and the rag3. The father carried to strengthen our own. matter into court and, sustained by the law, a "that Guyot says plants have three periods constable took the child away from its mother of growth. The slowest and longest is that of and returned husband V parents in Jtto..the "therootrthe next fasteHjsTtBatofWsten?-- Canada. and last and quickest is that of the blossom' In Iowa a man and wife lived together eight and fruit. years and had two children, but whether they Henry Ward Beecher in refering to this were married or not, nobody knew. Finally say?, "I have been wont to think that the the man deserted her and left her to provide world grew by the root till the advent of for the children by her own labor,which she did. thnst; that from the advent of Christ to bur une sioie me cnuuren. xne i uay, it na3 Deen growing by the ste rn: aud that cidednignt.ne that, if she was a wife, the husband wo -- Dear Sister: 114 Jf In Fifty Years if Dr.. Elvira'. S. Barney. Salt Lake City, Jan. 11, 1892. v Mrs. E. B. Wells, lltl journey. occur on the 17th of March 1892. e long-exercis- ed CHRISTMAS AT MESA. - It is with, pleasure that.:!,. improve this oppor-- . tunity of penning a few lines to you. My hopes and good wishes are that you have enjoyed a very merry Christmas and happy New Year. Christmas passed very pleasantly here a Christmas tree in our public Hall, loaded with presents, and distributed by old St. Nicholas him- iiritVi o coif m in a ttiA liAorfa tf iV) & iKi!rlron dance for them in the afternoon. I myself passed a very agreeable Chrismas " of -- He is worthy of our gratitude, so may we and receive the gratitude of others, by any and all of the administration that love can devise and acts of kindness demonstrate Faith and Hope reach out for that day when charity, the love of God, shall prevail over all the earth, when every thought, word or deed of man towards his fellew man shall be influenced by its power, to the bringing in of everlasting righteousness, universal peace, and the fulness of God's glory be the light of that Millennial day, that shall bring rest and peace to every 1 chil4 susceptible of these virtues, which constitute the ele ment of our immortality, the sDiritual strength of ' an endless life. ff from hiHvand bluffs bejondj-andJand vales below. With childish eyes we drew no bounds of distance, and willingly continued to fill the programme, and complete the in the period in which we stand it i3 growing by the blossom and fruit. Changes that formerly required a hundred year3 for ac complishment, now, require Fcarcely a score things rush, to their accoomplishraent. .. .And I make this plea in behalf of woman.not without hope that I may see, in my day, an improve ' ment in her condition." Some movement, it is anticipated, will be made to celebrate thePiftTeth Anniversary of the organization of woman in the Church of - publie.-InthercitTT)f-ledoratreet- -- e x 