WOMAN'S 182 building of a magnificent city ; looking over the country one can see an immense distance around the horizon ;here we held ameeting of the Primary Associatior?at 7 p. m., stayed andattended public Sunday services, meeting at ten in the meeting house, Pres. Hammond gave a graphic description of the cap stone services at S. L. City on the-6t- h of April; with which the- - people were Sister we also. greatly delighted, Freeze and myself both, addressed the congrega- -- as-wer- e Jby ?pecjal tion-ashortlim- jquest. well "Brother Geo. Adams came " prepare"cTahd to our next camping place Alkan Springs; a delightful drive, passed in the distance mountains, when between 30 and 40 miles journey we saw a hundred miles in the 'distance, standing alone in a vast plain, a mag- nificent structure of stone, which resembles a large castle, called "Cathedral Rock" it stands 1,000 feet high and. is one of the most striking pictures of that wonderful country; "We camped for lifnch ihat day on the bank o .Recapture river, which has some sort of tradition of Indians,- Spanish, etc.,. passed Comb-Was- h took us we had the Elk pn our - Rocks, prominent and" steep very noticable, this ledge is' 30 miles long; 'afterwards we passed Cotton wood wash a sort of gulch twining in and out for 40 miles over rough rocks and down n one of the gtandest places I have ever seen it was solid rock, the road had been blasted, and cut, and. dug through here at immense expense and labor; this canon ushers us into the beautiful valley where Bluff city is situ ated on the San Juan river, where we arrived safe on the iSth at the residence of Pres. Hammond and there met. his amiable wife and lovely daughters. Tuesday we held the Young Ladies meeting; on Wednesday held. a meeting of the Relief Society, and the same evening an informal meeting of the officers of the several organizations R. S., Y. L., and P. A. at Sister Josephine Wood's which we enjoyed very m with these good sisters who live so far away from the centre S take of Zion. Cow-Cano- ' "The nexr - Mrs. EXPONENT We travel edover 'an" NNIVEIlHA:RrnPIAT-GEE- l extraordinary formation of art icalled Corduroy Thef sisters of Plasant GreenRelief Socity hill; 'at the foot of which there are millions of, tmarbles formed by the elements as hard as rocks.' met at the ward house on Thursday, May 19 We crossed Mac'Elmo's1 Wash, a very hazardous 1892, to celebrate the anniversary of their ori exploit, then we came to a trading post where gauization. There were present on the stand there were a number of Indians, it is named Peak from Suit Lake City the General President 11. Young and her Counselor Bath-sheCity; that night we camped out again and indeed Zina D. Sraithrand President M. I. Home of the the making of our beds of the pine tree boughs at our camping places was something quite ro- - Salt Lake Stake; of the ward authorities Pres. A vira S. Hirst, Counselor Ann mantic Bishop L. N.-- Hardman, Counselors the line inXel "Tuesdaymorn:ng--jsve-crossecerand John H t rst.-Colorado, we lunched in camp and soon came to "llTTrSpen Pres. A vira S. Hirst presided. After the the Mancos river where we had supper on the usual exercises Pres. Horne addressed the banks, the river was so high and rapid that Pres. a very encouraging' and incongregation in Hammond was anxious to know the depth of the structive manner. Sister Smith then addressed water before we crossed, and called to a stalwart the assembly in a very pleasiig manner7"then the of stream, on the opposite-sidIndian young the beautiful Jubilee song was sung, entitled who wrapping his blanket around him, strode "The Daughters of Zion, the Frieridsiof the safe to it thus and the finding stream, through Poor." Pres. Zina Young occupied the staud "cross we tlrove "overTthe IwfeTlfcriibgihiredge and exhorted the sisters . td' diligence an d t of the carriage, but toiling up the other side was learn and know the will of our Heavenly difficult; immediately after we crossed the river Father. Bishop L. N. Hardman exhorted we saw large hocks 01 youi g iamus auu wus, the sisters to faithfulness and to l)e diligent in all things. " Counselor H. T. Spencer adbeautiful and white, feeding and playing about, it was a very pretty sight jthese all belonged to the dressed the sisters in a pleasing manner squaws in that vicinity; we rode to a ravine where President Charlotte Neateon of Hunter ward addressed the assembly in a brief but pleasant we camped over night; we traveled on in the morning and breakfasted in a grand canon, a manner. Counselor John Hirst exhorted the most romantic place, - and Mrs. Freeze and I sisters to be faithful and press forward. climbed the bills and picked up more pieces of Counselor "Ann C Bertoch said she was thankful to .have our beloved sisters in nur in the pottery and curiosities; we arived in Olio afternoon. The next day in the afternoon we midst anj. asked God to strengthen us. Pres. AlvirAS;;H.irst.urged. the sisters totreasure held a meeting of the Relief Society at Brother up"'ihe ood things that theyhad heardand Geo. Burnham's, and in the evening in the meetprofit by them, for we had indeed had a time ing house where there was, a large assembly, not of rejoicing and a feast of refreshing Meeting "only of our people but other denominations. adjouTned. "Next day we paid a visit to an Indian trading then Another meeting was held in the after-- . the San crossed we which reach to place post, noon for the purpose of organizing a Primary Juan river in a. ferry boat which is a wide turbu; after the Association. Pres. lent stream; we" had a very nice visit with the usual exercises were over, Pres. Zina. Young ' ' " ' traderV wife and family. with the assi3tance'"lrTrt "We also visited Mrs. Abagail Stevens and to organize a Primary, which wa3 effected. a the we held bouse at her rfieeting'of familyVand The following named officers were sustained, -- Relief a held -geneiaLmeeii Society ;Saturday.we MrsrFanny S. Brown, President; -- Mrs. Sarah meeting-housnot in the only3ttendedJbyjpjir ing Ht. Coon-and- . Mi3S.JIaggiHajdm.an.Ooun: own people but other denominations as well. Maud Miss selors; Spencer, Secretary; Master fast observed the day general .Lott Hancock, Cor. Sec; Master William C. "Sunday being atwe stakes of several the Zion, throughout' Bertosh, Treasurer. After the organization a tended Zina Young addressed wascompleted-Pre- s. as well; at this meetiLg every one present the little people. in her pleasing motherly way. which old was and a bore their testimony young Bishop Hardman, Counselor John Hirst, Counselor-Ann Bertoch, Mrsl M.' J. C. Auer all spiritual feast indeed. In the evening of the same addressed the little people in a pleasing and .day the sisters held a general meeting of all de nominations, and it was a very interesting time. instructive manner Pres. iapny b. Brown Mon'dav we spent the time in visitinsr.Tuesdav. and Counselors expressed their willingness to ,morning Brother and lister Hammond started labor forlhe upbuilding of the Primary,-Godoff early ; . later, in the day we left in company givsng them strength. Pres. Alvira Hirst made a few closing remarks asking God to bless with Bishop Burnham; we traveled to La Platta, the scenery was grand all ..jojrney 'jrayeled U3one and. all, that we might" be found worthy with his chosen' sons and by the La Platta river and reached the town of "to 'be .nuliDered La Platta in time to .hold meeting in the evening daughters. Alvira S. Hi ust, President. at Brother Roger's, had a goocl attendance. Fanny H. ,) en kins, Secretary ft.; S. .The next morning May 4, we went to Sister. Lydia Taylor's and as she had a large and spacious room suitable to convene an, assembly, SOMETHING ABOUT VOTING. the funeral of Axel Swan was held at her hcus e :he was a promising intelligent young man, who " Mrs. President, friends and members of the Our the "arrival was had, died day previous. Association: . it has fallen to my lot to write timely for the parents were grieving inconsolably for some very grand old trees. , . ba 1 d 1 e t Hirst-presiding- . Freeze and myself ascended a Arery-hig- h and steep hill, evidently the remains of some ancient and immense ruin; ft bore every appearance of it; on the top after our climbing and clambftringron andoyer the rocks we were per- fectly delighted to find, and we picked up broken pieces of ancient pottery, interesting, curiosities probably from utensils of the ancient inhabitants ; at the extreme end of this lofty eminence, is the cemetery for Bluff, and to reach it the road winds round and round a longjJistan though we had climbed up the other way. "The same afternoon,JIhursday, at 2 p. m. we organized a Woman's Sutlrage Association for San Juan County, with an efficient corps 'of officers; considerable interest was manifested on the subject and no doubt there will be quite an awakening among the woraer. of that vicinity. "Friday at 2 p. m. a general meeting of the brethren and sisters, at which instructions Were given in all departments of woman's work aod improvement Saturday there was a Primary meeting well at--. tended; children orderly, and a fine programme well carried out. Sunday School on, Sunday morning where both ofUs" spdke7anffef nWn asjuvirin m e eting where we both addressed the rcongrega-tioa measure and soften 4he -- terrible blow tla't seemed" to have fallen upon them so heavily. In by invitation. "On Monday we left Bluff early in the morning the afternoon we held Primary meeling and the. Sister Hammond joining - us, and - traveled by children acquitted themselves very creditably inseveral Cliff Builders dwelljngs,which were great deed. All the Primary Associations seemed to curiosities and very interesting;" Sister Freeze be well regulated and the children under good went into one of .them, was helped up one narrow training. Our journey has been delightful in steD after another in the rocky way by Brother many ways, and as we were not hurried we" had aild -- iC-Bertoc- e - the-Platt- ; -- our sjffrage meeting, I have en: omethipg deavored to do my best, and I trust that if n -- will T3eziffM this is not a religious assembly, but for all that we iked the Spirit of God to direct us, we ladies andsisters should work together in iiaion and strive to haye the approval of our Heavenly Fatheri . Why should men fear us at the polls? is it because they themselves are so corrupt? Therfe 4gf no 'tJbef-wifedsiTgteTnr sizterfhzb thst will yote for an honorable man Instead of tjiose seek the overthrow of good men; a mother has the interest of her children at heart h the opportunity of going inside through the window as the door was inaccessible. We rested at Montezuma Wash and lunched there under the people and understand things much better . than in aJiasty trip. v ; " , To be continued. 1 taf -- 