WOMAN'S 10 have no common origin, no visible analogy of life. or habits.'. The most skillful student ' was hardly in advance of the least skillful as to any real comprehension of the facts; nor could this possibly be othervise, solong as the elew to the labyrinth was not found. It is only thirty years since it may be said to have teen discovered; only some eight or ten years since it has been used." The antiquities of Mexico and Central America reveal religious ;symlols, devices, and ideas nearly.identical with those found in the old world. Humboldt traveled extensively in America and observed the remains of this prehistoric race, He was convinced that some communication existed letween it and Ivuroje. He thought this was proved, not only by their religious symbols, but by the architecture, the hieroglyphics, and the social customs made known by the ruins. These he was sure came from the other side ':. of the ocean. believed in a America The aborigines of ...... wl4 he m morta t gocxLa ml a - e vit-- f yve ity of the soul. According to their traditions the Almighty Being, who was the good. spirit, created a 'man and a woman from a stone, but upon some dislike destroyed them. lie then made another couple from a tree, who were the ancestors of all the nations of the earth; Another tradition says in the third generation there came a deluge in which not a soul was saved. In order to repcople the earth it was necessary to change animals into men. - These or similar trad i tious "were. found a m ot i n ea rl v n ih t Indian tribes in both North and South ' America, originated thein is not . . ' H- m r-j-- . " but-wha- t KllOWil. For many years it was thought that the prehistoric race or races of America came from Asia across Beliring strait, but this theory is attended by manv difficulties. Fhereiare 10 afrmities' between "11 iF Ajiie n can race and the Chinese, Japanese, or other Asiatic people fin.laiiguage,.;aistoras,-arts-o- r liiariiier of living. The language of the red men is very different from all Asiatic tong.ties. It is a product purely and wholly. American, without any old world afliuities or analogies whatsoever; It is described as 1 tence in a word of seventeen syllables. There are seven hundred and sixty Indian tonguages, ind Ihis cliaracteristic-appli- es to-them all. Then their physical, and for tile most part their niental traits are all their own. All sifriis. then, would seem to fovnr the theory that the native. Americans-areaindigenous to the country as are its peculiar iauna ami liora; or, atall events, if they did originally issue from Asia it must have been m a most remote,prehistQric. tiiii A second theory for the origin of the prehistoric race is found in the traditions of Peru, which tell of a people who came to tnat countrv- ' me cuaM., in ancient times 'the Malays were a great maritime. empire and these people might easily have reached South America, for dialects of the Malay language are scattered across the Pacific ocean akfor --?; to Roine to justify himselfbefore Poje Zachary. Among other things Ix-e-he proved accusto the pope that the Irish had tomed to communicate with a transatlantic world . This fact is preserved in the records n - d of the Vatican. - ' ( To be continued. Itfii Cpropsntivfl Keens on Hand DRESS GOODS AND TRIMMINGS, FANCY ARTICLES AND NOTIONS, BOOKS AND STATIONERY, EQUI- PO ISE WAISTS , ETC. Dress JTfablngr in all its branches, ITIIHIncry,- latps - and Itonnets cleaned and n'trimmedt curled, etc Stamping: dorc to order. But. tons covered while you wait, lsnrial Suit a Specialty. lints 8tyies, Feather TP FIUST SOUTH STlilSKT," "MV 5Q Hi. IN U. DO Three doors west of Theatre. -, lie-pe- 26,28,30and32 East 1st SouthSt, SALT LAKE CITY. The Leading Retail -- OMA THE P;YY ESTER HA Standard Gauge RAILWAYl THROUGH THE . . .. ! ROCKY MOUNTAINS! -- Choice of Three Distinct Routes, AS MOST MAGNIFICENT Theopompus also speaks of the existence of a continent beyond the Atlantic which was larger than Asia, Kurope, and Libya togeth er. A race ot men called Aferonec; f J w rlwutf "HU littU CICUSIV e cities. Again, it is a historical fact that the Norsemen sailing from Iceland not only America, in the tenth centnrv but nt establislied colonies on the coast of New WA ; w WA colonies for two centuries. Whoever these x?ople were thev built Ipatioii cities and. originated the oldest and finest However, the Irish preceded the Norsemen both in Iceland and America. There are monuments of ancient civilization. The traditions-conceniin..many legends-anthe ieu bnow marvelous workman passage of the Irish into America, and their ship 111 architecture, paintings," and mosaics habitual communication with it many cen- caeu uinaymgr artistic designs in the hmh. turies before the time of Columbus. OCt Ireland, oume of the carving in iw Itself, was colonized by the Phoenicians, or ucAieu, aim enirai Amenca 1v nYV11anf u) people ot that race. Au Irish saint 01 oni) are ordinan- - objects named represented' Vigile, Vho lived in the eighth ceu- but the human figure is sculpturedin.au ex- I I -- d SCENERY RAILROAD st Express Trains Daily EACH WAT E ETWEES QG D V )JjS!nd;v with these THE I?i THE WORI.D. s. . . ' alpressive and vigorous style, though not ways with much beauty? The incense burners found in Mexico have good heads and ' faces carved upon them. Recently a gentlemen who has spent sev- eral'years in Hoiiduras,"; Central America,-tolme he had seen a hand and foot lately .taken from some prehistoric ruins that were is a surgeon perfect representations. He ' and has made the human figure a special study, and his opinion on such subjects is valuable. He also said that on top of a certain mountain, quite difficult to reach, is a large subterranean chamber which contains many specimens of this ancient carving. Among other things is a beautiful hammock carved in whitejnarbleAvliichjihovacciiL- ately all the fine" meshes and folds. Sitting in the hammock is a figure representing the Child Christ.', This is cut in black marble, making a strong' contrast to the white marble of the hammock. A lady asiced him what was the reason of this, and he replied : levere-blaeke likened: sot Christ after, themselves, not knowing there were other people of another color.'' The natives permit man' statues 'and other beautiful objects to be taken away, but the hammock, is considered sacred and they will not allow it to be disturbed. Diodorus, a Greek living at the time of Julius and Augustus Ccesar, wrote an important passage concerning America in his history of the world from the creation down to the Roman empire under Julius Ccesar. He traveled extensively, both in Kurope and Asia, gathering "material for his. writings. 1. His account- - is not mythical," and seems to be given as a historical fact rather than as a tradition. . He says: "Over against Africa lies a very great island in the vast ocean,' many days' sail from L,ibya, westwards The soil is. very. fruitful Itdb diversmed with mountains and pleasant vales, and the towns aredoniedUWtlotate. the gardens, ly buildings orchards, and fountains he tells how this pleasant country was discovered. The Phoenicians built ships and sailed along the Atlantic coast of Africa. A Phoenician ship voyaging down the coast was "oh a sudden, ' "to use his language, driven by a furious storm far into the main ocean, and after they had lain under this tempest many days they at length arrived at tins island.' The land readied by. these Phoenicians is likely to. have been some part of Central America or Yucatan, whereat that time stood the great cities now in ruins. There is a similar statement in a work attributed to Aristotle in which the discovery is ascribed to the Cartha-genian' - -- '- EXPONENT. EJiA LTJL A K E A N DJ2 NYR ELEGANT RECLINING CHAIR CARS! Direct Connections made in Union Depots, THE MOST THOROUGHLY EQUIPPED RAILWAY IN THE WEST." . D. 0. DODGE, . Atf'.?.Sli A. E, WELBT, - Su j4. - , J. H. BEOETT, a. V,ic p. A;- - ( I ' LssedDtertam tliiugsriilvf 33.371X3 X.I2ZS TIMNERS CAS.VVATER &. 6z CO. STEAM FITTERS W Agen t for Rtf M S E YS celebrated LIFT and FOIlL'f promptly responded to. EATS JAVZ2. Bej 3CS, SALT X LAIS CIT. 