98 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. quiet she seemed and taking her in his arms Hampton somewhere, and he brought hi3 plans, it mighty open the way, but she had not he looked into her face and said "Helen have niece back with him after the funeral, a deuced the courage to venture upon the matter heryou been crying, your eyes are heavy and clever ..young woman, Burke" tells me, a fine self, for they had not mentioned his name before for years, though their lands were not faT swollen, is there anything the matter? Are manager, and a capital nurse, and th&rerar,ky old man is quite taken up with her, thinks he apart. Her husband had 'asked if she knew you not glad I am safe at home once more? She answered him confidently, "Yes Henry I can't do without her at all, in fact he is going Sir Edward's sister, how well she remembered am truly glad you are here again in our own abroad, and intends to take her with him. her, what a lovely character she was, aud untoo?'' "And his daughter inquired Lady til now she had not known of her death; it happy home ntst, I think I am. not very well, brought back many tender memories. And your coming is indeed opportune, for I am in Walton as unconcerned as possible. "O, I sup affection now she knew who this independent young wo- some anxiety about our boy, he is restless and pose so, but his friends say be has-nmau was who had obtained the inter vie wfor dissatisfied and needs a change." The father Jbr her never has had, he was so disappointed loved-hiwhen she. was born because she wa3 not a boy. her, and that had refused to allow Maitland son with a pride as great,and as deep s entrance to the house. "What will she think as such a man could, but it was tl e pride of I can't blame the old fellow though I think our I should have heen wofully; disappointed if of me, this scrupulously exact young woman," name, of rank of honor3, not the tender love as now beloved she asked herself; but it was, all in vain clie been first had a girl, and' especially that seeks the true happiness of the '. had no advisor, she was afraid to go to her there seems no prospect or anymore. object; f ;w He knew that in him the hope of succession A lull in the conversation followed and the husband ami tried to justify the part she had to title," wealth and estates centered when he supper table was cleared, when the door was taken in the affair. Looking from the window should pass away, Like Sir Edward with closed after tbe servants, Lady Walton and she saw Maitlaud ride into, the court below Anna he thought him still a child, and now her husband talked a little of trifles, home and dismount, she watched him coming toward when his mother had spoken of him; he laughed, matters of no particular importance aud the house, his eyes were downward and his 'foolish, fond, over fmd mother," he said, "why tne iaay began to ieei as n sne niusi spean oi manner thoughtfu , she feared he h ad met with the boy is well I have seen him tonight, and Maitlaud to his father" knowing that on the disappointmeutjon the way to his mother's room s t ra nge e o u g h n o w I she " heard ""tiiidr go to the Barooetj aud, he encountered jre mem berhe ..spoke ioliowiugilay-iiewas-tsimilarly of you, said you needed a chauge, thaL as his father .had just returned, he would voices but could not distinguish words, a few was restless, had gone for a drive across the wonder at his leaviug home. Very little more moments later he came up and before Lady was said that evenmg and Lady Walton had Walton, could speak he poured out to her such T country, and when I asked why he had al lowed you to go alone, replied it was your no opportunity of mentioning Maitland except a tale, she jsould fain have silenced him but own wish to go unattended. It struck me in a casual way, but she expressed herself her pride forbade her. After listening to hiT ' curiously at the moment I confess, but when quite enthuiastieally on the snb ect alluded to recital the mother said, ' you have not told me Maitland if yourvisitelta I heard you come in d irfctly - after I forgot r her husband-r- o V tne held th she be she coutiuued or if you even saw her." "No lived long ago every iugHrrtbeoy n&Ithough Walton was relieved, she knew now the excuse opinion that girls should iuherit equally with mother I have not told you, n'r do I know that had been made for her absence, and she boy?; in. this she was in advance of her time, myself, but I saw her for a brief moment, realized that she must make some further exknew that no- such advantages of knowing I was there she waited for me. and yet she ' . , i i .i sex planation. The servant announced supper and education were given 10 gins as me oiner gate. Her father will take her to Italy Lady Walton ordered it brought up hen , enjoyed. She was somewhat relieved when soon, and mother I must contrive to go there for she was weary and troubled, strive to disthe hour for retiring came, she excused herself too." "Poor bov," said his mother despond- guise it as she might. She was glad even temporarily to get away for a few minutes to ingly "vou must open your heart to your father it this little break in life conversation, gave to speak with her boy, kuowing how anxious I cannot do more, hemust know your inten' her time, and her head ached and her temples he would be to ki ow the result oi her intertions." throbbed painfully, she wondered at herself view at the Castle. She found him in his Meantime all was bustle and noise at the that she could bear up at all. room pacing up and down as men are wont to Castle jeparatqr "Henry how did you do wnen perplexed or vexed, and related as journey. Jane, was a3 delighted as a child nhally'iKosked find your business in Loudob, wa3 everything with the anticipation of travel in a foreign briefly as possible what had taken place and that he was to call on Sir Edward on the land, and Lad y Anna wouhl - have betnk satisfactory? Did you see any of our friends therefl5f vefryoirt()0 iniich"Tjo'Cc'u"j)ied?"'"''I lmirrdw"T n. for herlpining aud longing rfor mm sa w very" littlej" did "notrnikeIny calls, but seemea to wbat goou tiaiugs, out nis aruor that mormns when he came to the house she news me of his when that cooled ble a beard mother spoke of the proba had heard her fathers voice in loud toms, and I gteatty surprised piece in which you may possibly take some interest, difficulty he would have-- on account of his alarmed lest he was too much exceed, had init was about Sir Edward Hilliard, our old father s being at home. quired of his valet who was wuh him? on being "I'll be off early and look after some busi told it was a dashing, young man she'guessed-thueighbor over there, I saw his lawyer, Burke of the firm of Burke and Hemenway, he told ness in town and return that way and it will rest, though she was not aware of the 1 1 who me the story, aud ail about the famiiyjjve no ake so very long, I hope that the Bar n e t stoleuivisit-o- f lady the night b- live almost within a stonea'a throw know less will look favorably upon me, and 'there is no f re; determined to see him, as well as to ascerabout our neighbor's affairs than those at a reason why he should refuse me is there?" tain the result of his coming, she wrapped distance, you know the old saying Helen 'go "Only you are both so young only children, herself up, and went out into the grounds un from home to hear the news,' well it proved but good night, and success to you my boy," observed to watch for him. She was utterly . true in this case, for I wa3 not aware the and affectionately embracing each other, gardless of "the proprieties" her cousin Jane Baronet kept up such an .elaborate establishmother and son parted for the night. Lady talked of, and when she reached the part ment." Walton s love lor her boy amounted almost through which she knew he must pass on his Ed WaltorT Sir of name At the to adoration. He was a tiue looking specimen ward, Lady way home, she flew alon under the great trees had trembled.but as her husband rattled on she and shis "gen tie blood was Easily distinguished that swayed and sighed mournfully, filling her so much as recovered to his and in herself, $o magnificent presence. faint heart with vague apprehensions of com- gradually manly bearing inquire with self complacency, what this She kuew he couta marry the most beautiful mzt evil.t strange story was abmiI7dhl;rliusl)and who and accomplished lady in the society of which was now busy with his supjer, stopped to tell she herself was a central figure; but this young he he which of had substance her what creature who had not even made her debut had The nine lady managers resident in Chicago, heard; called together by Mrs. Potter, Palmer, have was, that as the old gentleman had. been so so fascinated him, that he had no eyes or ears penurious, he cad managed to savequite a surn for the many dazzling beauties that thronged decided to establish a model ' sanitary kitchen of money, but had been seriously ill recently the fashionable places where Maitland was alin the woman's building at the Exposition. aud had made his will, for be had no son and ways a welcome favorite. 1 An effort will be ma ie, by a special entertain his should on lest feariul Walton was was a conscientious woman coming daughter Lady ment or otherwise, to raise the- - 4,000 necesinto possession of the estate, be induced to acnotwithstanding her love of pleasure and of sarv. fortune-hunteetc, be- popularity, and she qu. Tied in her "own mind cept the hand of some sides adtied the speaker he never has eared for .whether it was "The Woman's Real Estate Association rigbttalter all to encourage he seme other wauttd and the daughter Maitlaud in going farther with this affair, now was organized in Tudiananolis. Ind., a few S5T00D made of n portion of bis means while he 3haTnis lather was at home; she Hd taken the wpplra ntrn fliid 'in.rnnrfltftd-wit- h was of sound mind, for it is said, he might die initiative step on the stock. Its purpose is to deal in real of the moment capital impulse at any moment or lose his mind, he goes into &f it were because of:his iutercession,but lookestate, both as rental agen ts and as specula tori, of such violent paroxysms passion whenever ing at it now in a calmer it seemed and it already has considerable pmperfy he is crossed in any thing; his sifter died not J ami she slept iiitle that way, in consequence.' under its control. The members are night placed The morning found her still u ndecided as to ladies of standins. Mrs." Leon 'Bailey, who long ago, did you know berHeleu? but without waning for his wife to reply to his question what her duly in the matter was, and she holds a promineht place irtthe literarypaua was continued Vhe married a potr mau, a cleicy- - ill at case. She wished her husband would musical circles of the citr is presid pt' man, I ihink named Conway, they lived in J tell her something further of ' Sir Edward's association. o -- -- 1 11 hisj-fathe- o r, - " out-side.t- he i . . , ; young-AValt- o " e , 4he-unkuo- wn re-- . - " " . - r, dis-pw- al 