128 acted in that capacity till 1877, when she resigned on account of ill health and the frequent calls from the. sick. In .1883 Jher .health was somewhat improved and in Maich- - of that year she was chosen by Sister E.Xaney as her first Counselor which position she hell up to the time of her death, which occured atlO it. m. on the 23rd of January 1 892 at her residence' ih ; Ilarrisburgh, Utah, alter a or protracted sickness,, with but little paintrele.T hout a 8tru puuv-J i'iauwvw She leaves a husband one daughter- - and an grand-childre- n five adopted son, twenty-thre- e her mother also survives great grand-childreher and a host of friends to mourn her los3.i Just previous to her departure from this life, she called her son-i- n law by name, and urged him to use his best endeavors to direct the energies aud strength of her grand-childrein those channels that Would best promote the interests of the Work of God, in which cause he had labored nothing doubting for nearly chosen was embraced and it can be truly said of her she sacrificed her all fox the glorious hop that was within her, she dwells now m ft holier sphere, Rest, sweet rest at home in heaven. ' Com. ,t President, and . - i n, n ' .TL T . . An,r 1 ri,a r 1 ll A I l A Ofr : T .tTiCui O Edit-e- and- - published-weekl- RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. Whereas, the hand of death has again been among us, during the last month.two of our beloved sisters have been called behind the veiL TThe first was Sister Caroline Sykes I alien, who after a long and painful illness was summoned tohei rest onfpecv4, 1891, She was born May26,"i8j3,m Yorkshire, England. Came to Utah in 1862, became a member of the Relief Society in the early days of its or Saint, had a kind ganization, she was a faithful Latter-da- y and cheerful word for all around her, was also a loving and indulgent mother. She has left eight children and'a sister behind to mourn her loss which they deeply feel being fatherless quite a number of years. Also Sister Hannah Howe departed this life Dec. 24, 1891, aged 61 years lacking two days. She was born Dec. 26.1830.in Warwickshire England Joined the Church in her youth and came to Utah in 1869. She soon became a member of the Relief Society aad fbr Ta dumber" "of "years ta-beerrShe leaves mgenTandTfaithful teacher iherein a husband and four children to mourn her loss as also many friends and sisters in the Relief Society. .Therefore '; be it Resolved that we the members of the Relief Society do recognize in the death of our sisters the loss of two faithful workers in the cause of truth. And that we extend our syiupathies-tothefamili- esr be-er reaved and pray God our- Heavenly-Fathq comfort bless and help them in this their trying time. Resolved that a copy of these Resolutions be sent to the American Fork IneUptndentt the Woman's Exponent, ' and one be spread on the Records of the Society. : , D. w. X Spillsbury. virtues and unswerving intecritv- - for. the Cause of Truth. L. W. ... . Hulda Friedricks, a brilliant young German, has been engaged by the Pall Mall Gazette, to make a tour of the United States and write up the Social Institutions of the country and especially matters relating to C, by TRIBUNE, at Washington, y Clara-Bewick- I'i Colbv. ; The Woman's Journal, of Boston, and the Woman's Tribune, of Washington, D. C, will be sent to one ad-- ; dress for $3.00 per year. fl? ft J IJIIHftlMH lsii a ; '.. ft - - m : rHRIir 11 .HHOflf m"m m m a 1 11 fl- v w- H a m 1 ivva VM AAUUVI. DRESS GOODS AND TRIMMINGS, FANCY AND STATIONERY, EQUI- POISE WAISTS, ETC. vresa xriBBinff in an km urancnef, i'xixiincrj, latR styles, I lata and llonneta cleaned and retrimmedt Feathers curled, etc. Stamping: don to order. Buttons covered while you wait. Burial Salts a Special.. I'lHSX SOUTHSTUEET. U AJrv RQ XU. XNU. o UO Three doors west Theatre. .KTHOMA ' I All enniTA in thA hiorhpflt. terms of her manv WOMAN'S Price, $1.00 a year. Trial Subscriptions, five weeks for 10 c e n ts . a :i Meeting House .'wbete tne largest gatnenng assembled ' to- Dav hoA auwv that mpt thprp V v" . fnr jvpars. tut uu their last respects to the one they loved so well. Consoling remarks were made by Counselor Leatham and Elders Steel, Doge, and Miss v : - " THE T j MaryS. Hindley, I . . 1 Alice Elsmore,! Mary .. 1 26,28,30and32 East 1st SouthSt, SAtTlTAKE-CIT- Y The Leading Retail , Housf G asll B. Adams, Committee. women. We the sisters of the Rexburg Second Ward Relief Society send you the following lines in respect to the OBITUARIES, Resolutions of respect to the memory of Sister Sarah memory of fester MaTy A. Ricks vehd" deplrtedlhis Ufe Jan. 30th, 1892. She was born Oct. 28, 1870, and was the wife of Alfred Ricks and daughter of John and Adeline Robertsrwas" a membw- of the Rexburg Second Ward Relief Society, was the secretary of the Sunday School and was a leading member of the choir, she was a lovely singer; we not only fel the loss of her in our Society, but that of a sincere worker in any spiritual calling and a steadfast sister and friend; she was one of the noblest of women; of her it might be said, faithful and true in all things she lived and died a saint. She suffered untold agony for a few hours and although many loving hands were constantly doing, and anxious hearts praying for her recovery, th$ Lord saw fit to release her from this earthly mission, and call her home. None knew her but to love her. The funeral services were held in the meeting house, appropriate remarks were made by brothers T. E. Bassett, F. S. Bramuei Pres. Thomas Ricks and M. Ricks, she was followed to the cemetery by a large procession of relatives and friends to ' await the resurrection morn. A jyiemoriaL ofespect tothe THE - ing of the28th of December 1891, at Loa, Piute Co. Utah, Knm Marrh iRu Howard Co.. Missouri. Whereas, Our Heavenly Father has seen fit in Hisalwise providence to call from our midst our beloved Sister Sarah Jane wife of Elias H. Blackburn. Resolved that we regret the loss of her presence in our ' , Society. Resolved that we deeply sympathize with the bereaved family and friends In the great loss of an affectionate wife and mother. . Resolved that we cherish her memory and regard her virtues as worthy of emulation. Resolved that these resolutions be spread upon our Relief Society records and a copy be furnished the bereaved family also a copy be sent to the Woman's Exponent for - . publication. " ' " V ESTER M Standard Gail RAILWAYI .'.THROUGH THE.. ROCKY MOUNTAINS! Choice of Three Distinct Routes. ast tub SCENERY MOST MAGHIFICEIIT RAILROAD - Nancy Riddle, Sarah S. Forsyth, Leah Blackburn, sarah a. robison, Elizabeth C J effery. Died at Holden, Millard Co. U. T. Jan. 25, 1892 (with paralysis) Ingborg Jenson.beloved wifejf Thomas Stephenson. She was born at Fmkehws Town. Longby, Maimo, Sweden, and was baptized into the Church of Jesus Christ Saints Nov. 7, 1857, at Copenhagen. She of Latter-da- y emigrated to Utah in 1864 and was married to Thomas C. TZj.. ...1..... "Stephenson 186S. : She has been a faithful member of the Relief Society since it organization and has.been a most efficient and diligent laborer as a teacher for five years, and was always on hand when wanted eithetin work or for means, 1 She ha been to the Temple of the Lord and has done a work for the dead, and now free from sorrow and pain has gone to meet with those that will welcome her for the good work she has . done for them. Although we miss her company among us we know it is her gain. She passed away like a child going to sleep '.. ,- without a struggle; true to her God and the work she bad Whereas our beloved sister has been calledaway by the hand of death , and be it Resolved that we in behalf of the Relief Society do sincerely deplore the loss of a patient worker and a true sister and we tender to the bereaved parents and husband our mutual sympathy and implore our Ilearenly Father to let the comfortingInflura his holy" spirit test upon them deep sorrow. Resolved these resolutions be entered into Relief Society record also a copy be presented to the bereaved" carentl Two Fast Express Trains Daily EACH WAT BKTWEKS OG DEN, SALT LAKE AND DENVER. ELEGANT RECLINING CHAIR CARS! 3fjpt9 .. in-this ttdlmsllt! Pe;n3VToMANs XUJLWAY EQUIFPID IN TEE WIST. D. 0. DODGE, GaL SfT. Com, , Direct Connections made in Union Depots. Exponent; Dcaa sister Mary thou art gone, To dwelJLja realms above, To await the resurrection morn When you'll meet with those you love. at Charge. P-cVrX- A. E. WELBY, gnpt. J, H. BEH5ETT, tTAMES XD 6. r, P. A. ' CO. TifJfiERS CAS.VATER & STEAM FITTERS MRS. M. E, VAN, M. D. Z"Agent for RUMSEYS celebrated LIFT and FOBCfi FTJMPS."Pumpa Repaired on short notles. Orderi 'Iron the coantry promptly responded to. , CITS JHS3r Eor 313. SALT LAIS CUT. - 