WOMAN'S 174 the revival of art of, invention of the the rln.io.ql learning, . r' printing, the discovery of thia continent ana During . the Reformation begun by Luther. the Elizabethan era the great ideas were born which underlie our present civilization. With the history of American independence we are all more familiar.but the condition, of women beet) after all one Jong in thia coun try-h-as struggle for education,opportunity and political equality. In the early ' colonial days, provision was made for boys', schools, and Harvard College was established; but girls were not included in any of these" privileges, and even in Massachusetts, which boas s perhaps more than any other-statof its educational advantages, and where the'Pilgrim3 first landed, the town of Northampton, now a famous seat of learning, voted in 1788 "not to be at any expense for schooling girls." Later, m the town'orTIalMdrainfluential citizen whose children were girls, appealed in for the privilege of sending them g to the public school which he helped to support by his taxe3. An indignant fellow townsman spiane to his feet and exclaimed, "Hatfield school shesl never!" Yet it was Miss Smith of Hatfield, one of the sex and probably one of the girls contemptuously denied a common school education, who afterwards founded' and. endowed at Northampton a college for girls. There was a bitter prejudice against educated and literary women in the early days of our American history, strange aa it may seem. Although school privileges were denied them, their education proceeded through tne very logic of events, and we who live it Utah have had a similar experience. In laying trie foundations of the newgcvernment all questions were discussed that touched human in- - the Primary Association. - It was the request of the authorities of the Stake that funds be contributed to assist1 in the completion and furnishing of the Salt Lake Temple. The Primary Association felt ambitious to take part in such a noble work. They therefore inaugurated an entertainment, which was a success in every respect, and from the proceeds of which they donated $15.09 for the Temple, which is a credit to ..their heads and hearts. They also have an interest in our Relief. Society Hall, furnishing a line chandelier, which is quite an ornament to the building. Hoping you will make a little note of this in the Exponent, and let the readers knowthat Mesa is not a whit behind, in their Primar-yorganization, I remain your friend, almost simultaneously Tins: , L -- S. from the pul bi t and arou nd the fireside. Worn en listened and took part in them, and yet when Mary Woolstencra-f- t wroto her famous bpok,"A "Vindication of the rights of women;" which was published in London in 1790, it was unsparingly cdeniiS'ed'iBrATa"eHcan circles. Such things prove that the world has always stoned its prophets. ; . To later times the more recent developments through the noble efforts of such grand women in the United States as Lucretia Mott, Lucy Stone, Elizabeth Cady Stanton, and our honored President, Susan B. Anthony r of the National American W. S. A., 'whose anniversary we celebrate today, we who live in this terGststnoto " 5 r . ;4 Republic are greatly indebtediot the privileges states we of political liberty. In twenty-threhave school suffrage, in Kansas municipal suffrage, and in Wyoming women enjoy equal political rights with men. e R. S, Y. . L. M. I. A , AND P. A. REPORTS. HESA CITY P. A. Editor Exponent: raary few item3 in regard to the Pri- Association of Mesa City would be inter- esting, I herewith, TlarrlelBur the following: the request of Sister M. POMEROY. IONA. EPAR EniTOR. -- Exponent Thinking that perhaps a few items from this part of our much favored land migrt not be amiss, I submit the following: town-meetin- -- EXPONENT, This place is inhabited mostly by youm married people. By "joung" I mean those born and reared in Utah, io which fair land someJwould fain return, but we feel mostly that we have, a mission here although not having been called. There are, I should judge, about sixty families, all, with perhaps one or two exceptions, belonging to the same" faith. We have all of the different organizations and in good running order considering that so few live in town, most of the people being still on their ranches. There seems a great desire to have the children educated, not only in book learning but in the principles of the gospel, as there are a greatjnany of us that took but very little part in religion until we came to be isolated as you might say from the leaders of oliFChureh and ironroiir: fathers and mothers, who had taught us the principles of life and salvation. Our worthy President of the Bannock Stake, Brother Thos. E. Ricks, is a good, kind father to us all, and we love to see his smiling faee aa he makes .his - tours among us. Our Relief Society Jubilee was a great success, and seemed to be enjoyed by all, and we had a time of rejoicing long to be remembered. , Our program was similar to those I have seen published. The Exponent is very valuable to me and in reading it over I can see that our. Utah sisters are far ahead of us in the cause of suffrage." I am one of those who once enjoyed the right of franchise, and I hope to see the day when Ave will again have all our ' right3 and privileges, never more to be taken , , - from us. I have been very much tied in the house this winter, but I' hope as the weather, gets warmer I will be able to go about, as I wish very much . to canvass for the Exponent, as I, would love to see every mother in Zion subscribe for it, especially the young- - mothers, as J believe it to be almost indispensable. In re hours the have in I calling happy spent reading it, I would like to see my sisters also enjoy ' . it. Ever praying forlhe welfare of Zion, I ; remain yours in love, Elvira C. Steele. -- " . ---- -- resided over bv Harriet Burton with Laura Rapleye and Anna Phelps as Counselors. The children take a great, interest m. their to make meetings, which Sister Burton'manages of winvery interesting. She has the facultyexercises ning hearts, and eo arranging .the as ina3 to make them entertaining as well Tt is structive. A Primary Fair was held last sum-- " nier or faltT whlehtraeTXf editable children. An account of it was sent to the Exponent, but never appeared, much 'to the disapomtment of the officers and'members o W. S. A. REPORTS. and approved, minutes of meeting held April 19th 1892, read and approved. xx. nugiamme vvaa icuuereu aa I0110W& ReadingTrom The Woman's Manual of Parliamentary Law, by Ardella Eardley. Reading of a poem, "Martha Washington," by May B. Talmage. Song, "In Old Madrid," by Maggie Bassett. Reading, of "The first code of senfci-- , mentsread at a convention held forty years ago in Seneca Co., New York," by Mrs. Del , Felt Reading ofpeeceTfTiaX Hooker and Miss Susan B. Anthony,by Maggie Bassett. . Elizabeth Price read'sevefal articles hy emP" nent writers on Equal Rights, and made some remarks on them. Mrs. E. McFarlane read a few clippings on the advancement of Woman's cause. Dr. E S. Barney made a few remarks. Sarah A. Howard, President of the Bountiful Association, made . a few pleasing and in- tefE5tiirgrTeniaTk8onEquarKightyr Ter. Pres., S. M. Kimball, said she had been much pleased and edified with all she had heard during the meeting, and was proud to see so many young women take an active part in the programme. Referred to the progress that woman is making; encouraged the ladies to press forward in this great work. Meeting adjourned until the third Tuesday in June, at same time and place. Margaret A. Caine, Ass't. Sec. . : . . OGDEN W. 8. A. The regular monthly meeting of the Ogden Woman's Suffrage Association was held in the Fifth Ward Institute, April 26, 1892. A goodly number of members present. Regular and miscellaneous business being promptly disposed of, the president, Harriet Brown, in an earnest and forcible manner expressed herself in favor of the enfranchisement of woman. HSheisho from oppression. Taxation under which many ' of her sex labored without representation, wag bondage, a species of despotism and slavery, set free. The from which woman must-b- e equality of woman with "man was not fof a special few, but designed to benefit womankind in general. Mrs. Brown advised the reading of the Woman's Column, the Woman's Journal, and other works treating on woman's rights , and privileges. v Mrs. Canfield, Mrs. Sarah Richards, Mrs. E.. Y. i5 tan ford, Mrs.X. BJFarrand,- - Mrs. Jaue. Richards, each in turn addressetl the meeting-Theispeeches were to the effect that it was woman's duty as well as her right And privilege to use her influence for good, and to bring her intelligence and talents to bear on all questions affecting the social relations, the moral condition of society, and the:whole life and being of the human race in every department thereof, and as they apply to both sexes. To do this she must set herself industriously to work to read up on all public questions, to inform herself on civil government and the" Constitution and laws of her own country. An interesting select reading was given by Mrs. L. B. Farr, also one on the Constitution of the United States by Mrs. E. Y. Stanford, which were listened to with marked attention. The meeting closed with a unanimous , vote-- that each one present canvas3 her neigbbor-- h to nod "a rtA hrmtr-a -i wiva t h a d test wi th her . the next monthly meeting, to participate in the work and be prepared to share in the gooa time coming. Lizzie M. Stanford, Secretary. -- r . ... S. L. CO. W. 8. A. The regular monthly meeting of Salt Lake County W S.A. was held in the 13th Ward Assembly Rooms, May 16th, 1392, Vice Pres. Louise Ki Spencer in the chair. . Prayer, Vice Pres., Phebe C Young. Singing "Song for Equal Rights." - Roll called, minutes of meeting held March 15thl892,read .. temper, stifles anger, extinguishes envy, subdues pride; it bridles the tongue, restrains the hand, and tramples upon temptations. 