WOMAN'S 178 - EXPONENT. the stone steps before the entrance Mill be done, for to whom could she go, how could that Maitland had fallthough somewhat. broken . retain some of. their. shatelLher-huihaud the daughter of his old enemy;., elegance. Froin the tower of this palace the en in vi e w ii e n ch a a t i n c ex te u d i u 2 far 0 ver t h e would he not at once conjecture that there had Rhine Valley.' Through long halU and rooms, been some association between the Baronet and round and square, larger and small, all alike in herself that had led to it, and without his their barrenness, we reached the English palace, knowledge; whereas she had never by word which was built for Elizabeth, or deed, or in thought been false to him; until daughter of Jame3 the First and Anne, and Maitland had forced her almost to go to Sir. Edward that night to plead his cause, she wife of the Winter King, Frederick, Elector had not locked upon his f .tee; and had not fate Palatine? This poor princess had 'many sordone this: was Jt her fault? and so she sat rows and afflictions though he-- was so beloved by her friends as to be called- the "Queen of wondering what course to take until the Hearts." 1 The rooms to this wing are smaller silence seemed to her unbearahlenStill she was and the windows are long and pleasanter than unresolved, why should this boy, come into her .life, and apeak to her with so much im iii other parts of the castle, and the apartments when furnished must "hive been more home petuosity," why had these chldren of. Sir Ed-- . like to an English Princess. In the corner of ward 3 forced themselves as it were upon her this wing is a round massive tower known as jnotice what curious train of unknown causes the Dlcke Thurm, (Thick Tower), jts walls are had produced this effect? was her life so twenty-seveleet tiiiCK along tne upper wans. mysteriously interwoven with that of Sir -We "walked to the "corner where "the" broken though be waa dead, rshe tmild tower forms now the most picturesque part of not rid herself of the past, nor of the living the castle. When Melae the French com present; of his children, fbr whom he himself mander tried to blow up the castle, after had never cared or manifested even ordinary several attempts all he succeeded in doing was affection, scarcely acknowledged? These were the self questionings that passed to break in half this massive tower, and now, more than two centuries after, one part stands through her mind, and indeed it does seem erect as ever while the other lies on its side in sometimes that there is a mysterious weaving the mc& below covered with beautiful ferns together of fine spun lines that entangle us, or the castle an under current that flows into certain lives and clinging ivy. Some rooms and draws them unconsciously to each other, in the front overlooking the city are well preserved and inhabited, and in the large halls and who shall" declare that this i3 not true? are Kept runes vi iiiv uasue, piciurea, vuses, Lady Walton was restless, dissatisfied with herself, she could not bear" to have her husswords, et cetera. Among the relics are pictures of the life of the young student Sand band thinkull of her for a single day, "Maitwho drew the fatal number to kill Kotzebue, a land shall speak for himself," she exclaimed aloud, as her husband entered the room unprofessor who had displeased the students by observed, repeating the words she had uttered, "and about what, and to whom my dear, you .Mannheim, tried and beheaded for this deed. Reluctantly, yet with a sensation of relief seem very much disturbed, what means this troL Irom tne oppressive sadness 01 the old castle,1 agitaticn?'Lady;W altQfl htt her self-cowe turn again into the gardens and from momentarily, and the hot tears coursed down her cheek 3. different positions view the sombre, structure. d "What has our boy been doing now to cause The paths and. are winding-anchanting, and the views obtained from the your unhappiness, it is not his delicate health well he ..seems robust and heights are bevond description. The ravs of . this ... time, the setting sun shone on the ramparts and the since his return from Italy, is it a love affair, shadows lay dark and dense around the speak out Helen surely you can ' haye no ' vaulted walls as we again entered the shaded concealments from me!" "YesIIenry it is a love aff dr of a very seri Piith, Jhis limeffi thth e cas t le behind us. - 111 rr.:.i-i- t ni ous nature, and the" boy cannot be persuaded" xnus enueu a uay xieiueiuerg. ' ' A. W. C. togire it up." "Who is this girl or woman then that you "do not approve of the boy Vchoice?" "I have not said I did not approve of it, you know how IN RURAL ENGLAND. young Maitland is, and we had not expected xv. him to'choose without our knowledge." j With a champion like Clair, Lady Anna "Boys will be boys, and this is possibly a bemere fancy, I will talk to him; if the girl was not likely to be neglected? without its sincere a and Clair felt not only good family and accomplished, even if she ing resented, affect i on for h is sis ter bu t he w o& .determined .k not a beauty it may be all right, but tall me , that Maitland Walton should be left without Helen who is she, what are her special atexcuse. tractions, and where did this fastidious boy After his departure from the interview with of ours meet her?" "I scarcely know myself how or where he Lady Walton she reviewed the past, as she had been much in the habit of doing especially since' first met her, it seems to have been his faie, he Sir Edward's death; she was not particularly must have seen her accidentally somewhere amiable in the strict sense of the wo rd, and" irafalIen1nlove with.- her at first sight' she had been left so entirely to herself during "But Lady Walton," said her :husband, her married life and had ".been such a favorite "you are evasive tell me her name? surely you in society, that he had not taken many lessons know it, he has no secrets from fiis mother I in indeed she had indulged in - the warranrme,hnLakes Her.name is 'Anna Illliard,?. replied the idea, that because sli. had made one greats : from that sacrifice, (and compulsion) nothing lady, knowing there' was no escape from the more ought: '.'.ever to be require. Therefore questioning, by mannerLl in she had floated along with the current of which he last addressed her. Lord Walton pleasure and of fashion, until her son, the idol looked at his wife a moment in silence, she 0? her life, had confided to her his secret, which sat perfectly quiet, "and do you know this had fallen on jber like a thunderbolt, when girl?" he aiked. MNo I have met her only she ascertained that the girl be loved so wild- - once, I called d3 was my dutv I thought unnn -- - love-wit- - the-'Princes- s , . - - Ed-vardVth- n . ar . " . . Lord Walton made this last inquiry in a er milder toue, calling nii wife given - name indicating a softer. manneiv so1 You lcneiot undoubtedly; ailed the boy; men then it ww need do not die of that, you not have been will see this to matter, lucky I alarmed, but I -when Were came in, soliloquizing;--hoyou in he to was I then kept ignorance of my long son's doings? until some neighborhood gossip reached me I presuma. Our lives do not seem to run very close together of late;"" Whose fault is it?" retorted Lady Walton "when have vnn rxmfided anvthiner to me.- or even cared tnr. jtell me whereor how you spent your time she then broke down utter-l- f and when away" ftnA hpr mrtid was summoned Lord .Waltm .walking offin a towering passion, to think she should have reproved him in the least, and all the time deceiving him about hi3 own son; and as he went he muttered between his clenched that rascally - old - man's in love-w- ith teeth daughter, my son, and the heir ofWalton Hall, and these fine estates; by Jove I'll see what the girl is like before I sleep,"and hastening along he called to a groom to get his horse ready for a canter across the fields. Once on horse back in the exhilarating air of a fine summer dav his passion subsided. and he enjoyed the ride as he took his way to new to him, for'it had the enemy's been many a year .since he had entered the grounds he wa3 now approaching; he did not go as an intruder, however, but boldly as . one tcifk ft niirnnV iti viftw. Cominc in sicrht nf the castle along the1 highway, who should, he ( meet but JJr. isiana nuing at a rapio pace, and as he came near he leined in his horse, and spoke though he scarcely had a The Doctor knew Lord Walton well by sight and guessed something of his ' 4iI-thi- . : -- ,i- " is-o- . ; yMhtslenfFhobtr self-denia-lr the-Imper- ativei apd been the cause of her secret sorrow; she knew not what eoursa to pursue though much of it came from wounded pride; now and again . all you have to say, were you aware then that Maitland was in love with the girl? Tell me frankly Helen was this what took him to the rcontinent?"wr" f -- i w fresh-field- s, " T 1 speaking-acquaintanc- - n ks nk love-sickne- ss r 7 , the-wal- -- by-h- 7 ! I 1" Till T- IIT IT 7 I X j 1 i I 11 1 Lll I e. l. After exchanging salutations Lord Walton asked the doctor if he would return TVll lA":naiia.'.lanT.'i tif fi It fa m t A ' tilP The doctor consented notwithstanding he had hppn nn tbft wav to visit a natient. he could wait awhile, this was a duty he felt, for Lady Anna was far fioin well and'he too was a patient 01 nis. as wen as nis wara, anu ue kuw Lord Walton to be a man of fiery temper and n unscrupulous m character. Js tne two genue--merode along, Lord Walton said, "by the way Sir Edward.has a niece at the house, I am told, who is a most clever and sensible young person, very unlike other women; quite a remarkable character, she must be a very excellent companion for Mis3 Hilliard, 'you I suppose are well acquainted with her:" "I am: the guardian of her cousin, and as business takes me to the ctastle often, and also the questioned Vl a .. ... 1 ,.... .. XT " 1 j 1 Dractice,jnir:Drij&ssionlhaye f L ,1 . seen the young lady to whom you refer quite frequent - ly.- "The fact is Dr. Bland I would like to speak to Miss Conway (I believe that is the lady's name) my business is with Mis3 Hill iard, but I might' manage it better through her cousin.5 nature of your errand," replied the cool ed doctor. head- " as well tell vou a3 you archer suardian it risht vou should know, shes m love with my son, and as we have never ueen on friendly terms with Sir Edward -f- or: - .more affair. than thirty years its a "Well I mav is very--awkwar- d "But Sir Edward is dead7 replied the aoc- - not adding tor, with his usual any other explanation. "Ut course he s deau but we couiu uvci v self-possessi-on - think of our never haying spoken for a whole, generation." -- not have calK ..l,Iteer.Jiying..y.ou,w.Qnld 1 ed presume?" . Inquired the doctor looking 