WOMAN'S EXPONENT. . yellow ribbon; the drive was delightful, and the view at Utah Lake is charming, the sound of the water there its clashing and murmuring reminds one much more of the sea than does Salt Lake. Returning from the Lake the party drove to the 29 EDITORIAL NOTE. TifK article we have published in three parts, Prehistoric Man in America, contains more proof conclusive of the Bpok of Mormon history, we are in hopes that through reading it our sisters will be induced to write on this subject, arid bring up points in evidence; it may be made a study and resultin good, if only to those who already believe but want further light on the subject. The Story of the Book of Mormon by Elde rGeorge Reynolds would be helpful in any such "writing, and we 'shall be glad to have some of this class Who were the former inhabitants of this land and from whence they came, is agitating meeting house where the audience were, already seited, and we siw more yellow badges and sunflowers, as wellas many other beautiful flowers with which the house was' decorated. .... The stand was draped with the stars and stripes and the flag of Wyoming with the one golden IlarliungirLiionpicupjspIare4J.helife.size. portraits of Mrs. Stanton and Miss Anthony in elegant frames hung over us, also small ones' of Sarah M. Kimball the President of the W. S. A. for Utah Territory and Hannah Lapish the local -- President. The "singing was excellent, they have a good woman' leader, who is also. a zealous suffragist.- The songs were well chosen from the Utah Woman's Song Book, prayer was offered by the The President chaplain Phebe Christensen. heartily welcomed the audience and a young wo- -' man read an" essay on" Woman, winch much sound philosohy. A" young man William Robinson made a stirring speech, the best speech from one so young that we have ever had the pleasure of listening to. Mrs. Zina D. H. Young spoke upon Jhe mothers of the land very feelingly, the difficulties they labored under while held in bondage, the taxes they. pay, the requirements made of them and the solemn responsibilities resting upon thtm. The writer made a few remarks upon taxation without representation, the condition of laws regarding women's property rights in New Eng land in her girlhood, the modification of these laws in many states by the suffrage agitators. Hon. C:W, Penrose occupied the remainder of the time. He reasoned from a logical stand' point, explained the difference between suffrage and citizenship, spoke of the advantages that had theJovers-o- f Firm to the truth, she endured to the end, Firm as the rock, that no tempest can rend, Filled was her life with kind words, and good deeds, She walked in the path where' righteousness leads. ... e'er penned, Loved by her kindred revered by her friends. Blessed with God's spirit, till her latest breath, Serene in her life, and peaceful in death. A more noble life no poet "Peace to thy ashes," thy mem'ry shall be Honored through ages of futurity, Restfrcrrrrthy labors, rcceLveJhy reward ''Enter thou into the joy ol thy Lord." Ruth April 25, 1S92. the researchranl-any-light-upo- n U. W. P. CLUB. matter that can be given will be "recognized by honest seekers after truth. That the relics and Curiosities found in many parts indicate a high state of civilization is now very generally admitted. We are well aware there are those among the sisters who have the time to devote to . rtrrim toliear from them. ' OBITUARY. WILLIAiLS. A M A N DA Mrs; Amanda Williams, relict of Jesse M. Fox. This interesting organization met atlhe Parlor A. Freeze opened the meeting with The Secretary then read the minutes which were accepted as read. Roll called. Correspendence read and several business matters discussed, among-othe- r things the advisablity of a social picnic and excursion for the club and their friends, which met the good pleasure of all present and it was decided to spend the afternoon of Wednesday, August 10, at Liberty Parlf, a programme was arranged for the occasion. Business being completed the programme was next in order, M. A. Freeze discoursed in a most interesting manner of her trip to Southern Utaji, New Mexic6,arjd Colorado, giving a very, realistic description of the scenery, the prehistoric relics and the romantic cliff houses. - M, E. Shipp read an interesting historical paper on "Woman Pirysicians" giving a vivid account of the early struggles and hardships of the pioneers in this cause and their status at the present writing. L. S. Dickinson read an original poem entitled Irtrnsof ChBdliood , Williams of Rome, who died in Whitesboro yesterday, was born March 10, i8o2,in Rome, and was the daughter cf Elijah Wells and Jerusha Brewster, his first wife. Her recorded American genealogy runs back ojrerjtwo hundred , and and is associated with all. the Wells' of this country, many of them of marked prominence in professional, political and military life. She was married to Jtsse Williams, February 2S, 1822, in Rome, and lived there nearly all their married life upon the farm first settled by his father, and where he r'ied 1S64. With her husband originated the idea.of associated dairying, sa-th- at his own work in the Legislature at the time of 'foW1ca1Ie31fie"lather of the American, cheese factory system. If' he was the father, she- was sweet and touching song, ' O fair dove, O fond, the Dassaee of the - bill to strike- thtt- worrt - equallythe -- mother -- of the. ..system, . for. Jo from the statute r of Utali,so that cduTd ,',' exfrom her skill, gathered twenty years have been eligible to office as well as to cast a President E. B. Wells gave an interesting vote. Referred to the failure of its receiving the perience in the sketch of her trip to San Francisco some account atto is whatever of accorded be success of which has been published heretofore. C. C. signature of the Governor, which is .a positive ar tended the oClhesystenvin-populgrow-t! earJy r? I a ?rv torv n necessity R; Wells Tread Tt finely article entitled, "Why so a did favor. several For proyears rarely day's the unjust way in which the women of Utah were many men do not marry." L. G. Richards read the duct of her factory escape original vigilant a Biograpical1 sketch of Sarah G. Richards, a deprived of the ballot by Congress, without any in was her care. soul and whole work Her not reason what ever, when the Constitution of the for selfish ends. - She felt great pleasure in G. L. Brown read from the North American country declares, such ' things "cannot be done alone in full to work others new the the imparting Review an instructive article on the "Progress of ''without due process of law." His speech from she of had measure her knowledge gathered American Nationalism" by Edward Bellamy. throughout was educational, he urged the ladies observer conscientious of was the a She toil. to study the Declaration of Independence and the Refreshments were. served and partaken of exChristian and the cardinal tenets of faith, while discussjng the propriety of the club having Constitution of the United States, praised their it life in her leaches. virtues She the emplified an appropriate badge and motto. Adjourned for energy and diligence and encouraged them to Mrs. Dr. M. C. West is six children. survived by one month. Benediction G. Woodmansee. persevere until they obtained those rights that Miss Williams C. D. and of C. David J. Rome, had been wrongfully wrested from ihewbmenJoX iriianWofFox George the Territory. After a few words from the President, singing Wi liams of Whitesboro. Udca Morning Herald. R. S. REPORT and benediction by the young lady chaplain the The lady whose death we republish from the meeting adjourned to GantV Music Emporium, New York paper is the Aunt of Jesse W. Fox one SAVX LAKIi STAKK. wherejnjh of the old residents of this Territory, and Sister banquet was spread for the suffrage association, Williams has been connected with the Church of The quarterly Conference of the Relief and invited guests. The dinner was thoroughly Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints many years, Society of this Stake-waIield - in : tIiezSalt which and music the also a feature was enjoyed faithful to its principles and true to her integrity. Lake Assembly Ifall in this city June 17, of the occasion. The remainder of the day until, She came to Utah some 1 B9 5, President M. I. Home presiding. years ago on a visit, and train fimp- ua; enpnt in rhaftimro ;nr?alv arH -in went to the St. George Temple where she re- JMeeting opened with the hymn ' 'O happy j singing and partaking of refreshments, and when ceived the ble Ssings to which she was t ntitled, souls: who i pray," prayer was offered by the visitors from "this City left, the ladies and and officiated for some of her dead relatives Mrs. Elizabeth Howard", continued with gentlemen assembled there were in the midst of. which. was a great comfort and satisfactioTi to her. singing "O, say what; is truth; . minutes of a musical treat The Rally will doubtless be a Mrs,, AVilliams was fmm the same branch of previous- Conference read and- - approved. good stimulus Tor the extension of the work in Mrs. Home made the opening address in family as the late Gen.. I). H. Wells, althis direction. which she urged the sisters to cultivate, though not very nearly related. -f- rhe-car- ifty-years ne - - - - -- -- - . managemeni-oJL-iheirprivate-dai- in-this-- ry, 1 Terri " keVTBT'lmd s r .: " . -- the-We- lls - ,- AUNT AMANDA. It of mind where men. are ever aiming to appear great is always a sign of poverty Noble indeed as a woman could be. True to her faith as the leaf to the tree; . to know it. Cecil. I Humble and willing to bow 'neath the rod. spiritual gifts, and perfomi the duties that pertain to their spiritual welfare as well as those of a temporal nature,, to be saints in- lFa"kr' f3TDtimr na:me of Sain tf" and seek to learn and to walk in the ways r 