W. OM A N ' S ing' for world-wid- e representation, such as never" has been known in the history, of this continent. The great and growing West witji its boundless possibilities is Still comparatively unknown in the Eastern world. The World's Fair of 1893 will give such grand opportunities "forcelebrity as as have never before been accessible. To let it Ipass without an extra effort on the part of the men and women of this region of country to make la creditable showing would be a grievous mistake and one that could never be remedied. Utah is positively coming to the front in the van of States, and the resources within her borders holdjout splendid inducements for men of means, of skill and ingenuity to make available her native Woman's Exponent;, EMMBLIliE B ' WELLS, Published Editor, in Salt Lake City,' Utah. Terms: semi-monthl- y, one year, 'Z1.0&, one copy six months, 50 eta. No redaction made for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, '. extra for postage one year, 23 eta. lines of nonpareil ten Each rates: Advertising fuare, A liberal discount IZM. one time, 52.50; per month, pace, .'.' to tegular advertisers. , . Street,"Becond 25 South Temple txroxxXT o&x,fX: E., gtU east of Deseret News Office. Business hours from 10 a.m toeiua-eier- y day, escept Sunday. Address all.bufiinesa Communications to tJBtlSIIEE WOMAN'S EXFONENT, me copy - f ,Uj ' JEitered af.t)i4 Tott . City. Utah. - Salt Lake .. ' ' Office , - EXP ON EN TJ in Salt Lake City i Utah, a$ J . r met by invitation at the residence of. Sister Julia C. Howe and a pleasant afternoon and evening in social converse, a delicious dinner was elegantly served in the most hospitable manner. Mrs. Howe is a charming hostess, and understands how to delight her, guests, her house, has been a favorite resort for years past, though one by one several of those nm, huui iu jaiuti iucic lidvc gone Dehiou the vail; We miss their genial faces when we come together on these occasions, but we know our loss is their gain, and it teaches the lesson of appreciation to those who remain. Sister Howe r makes her guests feel so much at ease, that they are loth to say good night when the hour of parting comes. : en-joy- ; i s . , : . 11 -- . -- p . : Voting.;" ' '"'. " : - HALF A CENTURY. . Mrs; heading,' The Revelation to Emma Smith, ' zUa Y:v. Card: .. of Relief the Sketch of Society, preReading ' : ' pared for the occasion. Singing by the Choir, Original Song by Mis. Emily ILWbd manse e, "The Daughters of Ziorxf The Friends ,off the Poor." After which, Addresses Jwiil be made by the First Presidency, (Providence permitting.) Addresses by Counselors, Mrs. Jane S Richards ,nd Mrs. Bathsheba W Smith. Addresses by the. Apostles. Speech by Mrs.' Sarah M. Kimball, Secretary, and Mrs. M. Isabella Home, Treasurer. Sentiments, The Relief Society, and The Women of Zkm. Mrs. E. B. Wells, Cor. Sec'y. Aritbem, "Daughter of Zion ? Awake From Thy Sadness." ' ' ' : Prayer at High Noon . By One of the First Presidency. . -- ' - - ; f , THINGS IN GENERAL. The Territorial Legislature are hard at work, trying to dispatch what business is pending, and Committees are making good use of their timer in discuss! ng the va rious subje cts and preparing their reoorts the House and the Council. The oyzzlinz question seems to be how to apportion means, and more important still perhaps how to gtttbe-mean- s to, appropriat,Thmembers..are anxious to act according to the wishes of their the coisUtajency,M financial welfare of the Territory. TThere are many laudable institutions in this' young Territory that need fostertng.strengthening and building up. Reformatory and educational enterprises should nottbe.neglected, and yet the future; of Utah should be well considered and such steps taken as will further the progress, develop the growth, and. ensure permanent enterprises as will The Columbian Exposition will afford an open : ed The Relief Society of the Seventh Ward held its annual meeting Wednesday Feb, 17, Mrs. M. A. Lambert presiding. Bishop Wm. Thorne and - - On Feb. 10, "a . few ladies , products. The bills now before the Congress of the United States asking for statehood and home-rul- e - .March i, 1892. are receiving considerable attention, and are Sawp Lake City; ; bringing the condition oT the Territory, its 'material interests, its social and generaf history THE RELIEF SOCIETY. to the understanding of a greater number of peo- pie than heretofore; partly through newspaper Programme of Exercises. comments, and if. those are not always just and true they cause people to inquire, and that gen 'The;fcenirii Jubilee meeting will be held in the of morecqr-resultsjn the dissemination ' 7 Assembly iialjt or Large LTabernacle in Salt Lake erally rect information. Ciijv; commencing at 10 al m., Thursday,4 MarcH 17: 1802, it "beink fifty years since the first drgani- )' The amnesty bill seems the most likely to re- zationl,March7iS42.j ceive favorable notice and the popular vote. One . v y i i n rr i i t ;t in lii 'iiirr ii.ji ir would think-th- at the people who had submitted y hsauau Invocato the enforcement of adverse legislation, and Stephens, Musical Director The Grand that thou Snow, "O My Father, without a murmur or any sign of hostility, action by Eliza dwellest;" knowledged their willingness to abide by the de cisions of the courts were entitled to .some con Prayer by President Angus M. Cannon. of saints firm a foundation, ye sideration, when they had not infringed upon the Sinng, "How ' i :' ' 'thcXord::-:J'-";statutes made specially for them. .' H. 'Opening Address, President, Mrs. Zina. D. ' ( 17th of March, wherevethbe is an organization of this .society in all lands, it being fifty years since the first society was organized by President Joseph Smith in Nauvoo, III., March 17, 1842. The Relief Society Jubilee which Vill be cele brated March 17, 1892, is now near at hand. Letters are coming in from various quarters, and also verbal communications asking if .there is any special instructions in reference to what shall be done on that day. The Presidency of the Relief Society in the Circular issued, gave a general outline of what would be expected and left the de tails to those who preside in the several wards and localities, to act according to circumstances and surroundings and be guided by the sug. gestions of the spirit to them. It would be agreeable to the President, Mrs. Zina D. H. Young if in each, place where there is a celebration, in the order of their exercises the beautiful r thou that dwellest" by Eliza hymn "O, R. Snow should be included. The sketches of the Relief Society that are prepared should be historical, arid correct in de tailing such facts as are used, as "it is anticipated that all these will be collected or called in, and compiled, or such matter collated from them, as will form a complete history of the Relief Society n all its branches and in all lands. There should be two copies made by eacri Society that one may be preserved by the society and placed in its record and the. other one forwarded to the Central Board, when it shall be called for. my-Fathe- -- EDITORIAL NOTES, The Relief Society Conference of this Stalce will be held in the Fourteenth ward assembly rooms on Friday, March il, 1892. 'Meetings will begin at ioa. m. and 2 p. m. as usual. The President, Mrs. M. Isabella Home, is desirous that each branch m the Stake should be represented by one or more of the respective officers, as there will likely be business of importance to present and special advice given relating j0 the Relief Society Jubilee that is to be celebrated on the .his Counselor Wm. McLachlin were present also . a goodly number of the Society.--Visitor- s present were Pres. M. IrHorne, and her Counselor E. Sr Taylor, also E. B. Wells. The report of the Society was very creditable, and showed that - the I . . U JJ J ! arm lJj t -- active uuctiu jjtuueeu icaiutui ciujici U-o- efficient in their management. Pres. Home and the other visiting ladies each addressed the meeting in turn and Pres. Lambert also spoke a short time. The. subjects treated upon were the general and active work"drthe'sisters organizations, their advancement in knowledge and intelligence; the necessity of bringing the younger women forward in the ranks, the mother's great responsibility, the mission of women in the home and in society, the, saving of grain, the coming Jubilee, etc. After the meeting was dismissed the Society and 2 Bishop repaired to the R. S. hall in the building where a sumptuous repast was served to all. In the evening there was a party in honor of Sistef.Attnie Dinwoody- - who was aboutf to- leave the ward having built a new house in another part of the City. - On the 19th of February the ladies of the 19th ward met in t&e lower hall of the new meeting house, Mrs, C. C. R. Wells in the chair, the object of the meeting being to diffuse information ana to increase an interest in tne suoject qt equal political rights and privileges. Mrs.Edwardas cted as secretary. The meeting opened with,;singing from the Utah Woman Suffrage Song Book and prayer was offered by Mrsr Ann E. Neal. Dr. Elvira S. Barney read some suffrage notes by great men and women and ' commented upon them in an original manner. Mrs. Sarah Howard Pres. of a branch of the W. S. A. at South Bountiful, made a short speech, also Mrs. A. J. Croche-fo- n well known as a literary writer and an intelligent advocate for woman's advancement, Mrs. , B. Wells made some explanations and gave some of the reasons why women should vote and be eligible to office, substantiating the assertions -- -- maSe by Tacts " fhatw of humanity. Mrs. Maria L. Nebeker made quite a telling speech though it was her first effort on that subject. Mrs. Rawlings and some others added a few words also tne Chairman. Altogether the meeting was an in of teresting one and will no doubt be productive life and sphere There-wa- s a reunion of the brethren sisters and friends in the 13th ward on Thursday evening, Feb. 18? at the ward meeting house Bishop supper A. 'Empey in charge with a Committee and a Droramme. Heber S. Goddara took charge of the programme, announced the exercises in their order,whUe, the Bishop attended . full-fledge- d - , 