WOMAN'S 154 the soul of that God who watches over the rewhole earth, who never fails to bring-thturn of Spring, with the flowers and birds, and every living thingfrejoices'in-the-good-gift- 3 He sends, so bountifully; the fresh green grass, the dear lilacs, the crocuses and linnintKa artA nlLthAarltftP.lulp.r-hud3-hotenderly and gently these things remind us ofthe watch care of our Father, who never forgets to genu ma the just and the unjust, and here is anotner beautiful lesson for us the lesson of love to all mankind; chanty that heavenly attribute that uplifts the human "soul; and will at length bring us into nearer and closer association with the divine. And so while we rejoice in the Maytime let us also reflect upon tne lessons to oe learnea, anu seen, me nappi-nes- s of others, forgetting self and especially remember the chi dren and the lesson the ye-- Savior taught-Exce- pt children"&c. old-fashion- thought tKe young woman, and jso it proved; the visits were pleasant interchanges of ideas and sentiments, and the Aime passed swiftly by, and thev crew into favor with each other. The -- lawyer - came with news-frostranger, and arranged with the young ladies about suitable apartments being made ready for him; and although it wasisuchi a decided change to think ot having a man in the house, yet it was inevitable, and they were rather glad than flying about, as to who and what he was and "Danie Rumor" was busy, but of this the young ladie3 knew very little a3 they took no part in society of the dduntry round about except those living on their.own estate, who were only poor working people, and though they chatted among themselves of the doings up at the castle and did not spare the character of the fate, master, yet the young ladies worfl rmfr. nwnrp nf hmc iho hfirnnpf. was hfinnr All these things speak to season of beauty. XH. Things took their natural course after the funeral; the guesU departed, reluctantly perhaps, but a3 no encouragement was offered them to prolong their visit, it wa3 the only r had made alternative. The old them quite uncomfortable, and "spoken her, mind " as she called it on several 'occasions, anu Miss vonway leitntau uu tjgut iu extend hospitality beyond what seemed a proper limit, and so the house was cleared at last of all except the cousins and servants. The spring was opening and in the beautiful country places in England the rural scentril-- " ery is intensely charming; the birds were cote3 in the grand ling their highest,-sweeteold trees, and singing on the slenderest boughs, of the graceful tall bushes, and nature seemed house-keepe- st in the house were sort of uncultivated and neglected, but an admirer of wild and picturesque in the delandscapes, might revel fancy-fielightful solitude offered by the groves and shady lanes. Lady Anna was glad to wander about these secluded haunts and indulge in expectant reveries of her absent lover, whom she was constantly thinking would suddenly surprise her, when rambling alone, as he had done in the days of their first acquaintance. Jane was inclined to be seriously meditative; she could not help wondering what would happen next so many strange events had transpired, and more seemed likely to be in the near future; for the young will was sure to be forthcoming, aslhe lbaronet had provided that he should live in England and take his name. She could scarcely credit hi3 being her uncle's own son, and would fain believe it was the orphan son of some dear friend that he felt undtr obligations to serve. the Anna had not expressed herself fully-upo- n had several times cousin matter, though her tried to learn how she felt about the name. - - One beautiful morning-in-Ap- ril theDr. overtook Miss Conway as she was wandering leisurely along one of the many fragrant lane3 near the grounds, and in a very stormy fashion urged her to accept him as an acknowledged suitor, even if she had not yet made up her mi ml' to marry him. The girl was greatly in need of sympathy and of advice sle was almost as lonely with her cousin as if she had been quite lett to herself, for Anna was so ab sorbed a her love affairs that she could think e ng -- W IN RURAL ENGLAND. the-you- m -- ed Aunt Em. EXPONENT otherwise--All-sortsof-conjetures-w- ere bounties,aud who thrived oil the estate, oome-time- s the housekeeper would pour out-- volley of gossip to lady Anna's maid "and occasionally, when waiting upon her young mistress, she would make bold to repeat an item or two, and though usually Lady Anna manifested the utmost indifference, it Happened once or twice that she dropped a word, which gave "Timmins" courage to go on. "It was from old Ma'am Farrow we got it," she explained one night when brushing her lady's hair before retiring; she pretends to know all about the Goings here in days gone by, and says as how there used to be regular rioting here in' the hunting time, and men, (gentlemen my lady,) had balls and parties when you was a child,' and there was a sight o ' feasting and that, and carriages comin' from a distance and nobody knows who wa3 in them." This set the young lady to thinking and she determined to tell her cousin Jane, for though she made no sort of reply to the maid, except to tell her not llto heed gossip, or repeat scandal," yet it had made her feel very unpleasant, and she lost no time in repeat- J ng al sh e had ga th ered to. Jane, who bacU&l so seen enough to convince her that the peasantry were' anything but respectful, of her uncle's memory. She dreaded the arrival of the young stranger just when these idle stories were floating: about in the air as it were, but it was not possible, to avert nor even to postpone his coming, if she wanted to, and she was not sure things would be better evenif she could suca -- 1 - . ceed in doing so.. mannjnejnJthe Maitland Walton had written several times to his betrothed, or so she considered herself but she had not seen him, and her heart was sad and aching for his coming, but affairs were culminating rapidly towards a climax, notwithstanding tlmonotony aUbepld. mansion. Dr. Bland was winning his wav nrettv sue cessfully in 4he affections oi Miss Conway; she was not one likely to fall m love at first sight, .but time and the certainty of uprightness and sterling integrity were traits she admired in men, and one she could look up to as her superior was what she needed, bfrehgth of character she possessed herself in a large degree, and a conscientiousness that precluded any pos- stumiy ui utrr itimvmg ner- irienusmp even, upon an unworthy man; but she could find no fault with Dr. Bland; the more intimately she knew him the nobler he appeared, and he was now tolerably sure of securing her hand in marriage and with it her true heart. Jane had weighed the matter carefully and had decided that it would be the best for her cousin to have such protection as Dr. Bland, a married man could give; for with her impulsive temperament there would be more qrless dan- - , Then there was al ways the fear of interference from Maitland Walton, and sometimes in view "of these thing3 Jane wondered if she were fond of the Dr. or wa3 it only really growing to-bet- ter the embarrassment that threatened the future welfare pf the household; and indeed it was noL strange that she. queriedthu$But circumstances decided speedily what miht have taken a much longer time to settle. Anna h ad at ast seen lier .l o veiLand he- had con fided-t- o her the cause of h'i3 absenting himself from the castle. Reports had reached his mother that tlit baronet had a sou abroad, who Was coming into possession, that there had 'been a secret marriage: and afterwards a separation; and much morejindiscreetly in her vexation she had told all this to Maitland, and vowed that he should never marry the daughter of such an unprincipled villain. ...She regrettedafterwards, but her pride was wounded, aud she gave vent to a feeling of jealousy, unwarrantabl e in a wToman of her years ind experience- - Henry Walton. had brought the news from London and had taunted his wife with it, half in jest, and half seriouslypossibly to see if she had any lingering affection left for his rival; and the man who had as he believed thrown his life away because of his In her anger she had forbidden her son any further association with the girl he so ardently loved placing another barrier in the way of his happiness; she would thus have ruined two more lives had the fate3 not taken their destiny ! in hand and summarily settled the matter. , Anna flew to her cousin and.told her all she-hh eard ; Lady Walto n had watched Maitland but he had eluded her vigilance, disobeyed her positive injunctions and had declared that nothing should prevent the union when he became master of his own inheritance; and she had gladly consented for she could not live without him, and why need they submit to such -- tyranny.; Jaue reasoned -- andxpostulated and entreated her to listen, give her examples of such marriages, and the unhappiness " -- 1 -- 5 ent. early-disappointm- ad caused by the girl was inexorable, and the result was a seriou3 illness. Dr, Bland was summoned and in bis position as guardian and physician, Jane felt he must know all, and it was a relief to tell it to one who could not only sympathize but had the wisdom to render aid in such extremity. He went to Lady Walton and told her, for he seemed to comprehend the. matter after Jane had related the circumstance of Lady Walton's secret night visit, and her own conversation with her, uncle subsequently; he felt he cou Id consistently express his view of the situation; he found her ladyship much agitated for Maitland had informed his mother of his jdsifcMAom promise of marriage to the girl. Lady Walton knew Dr. Bland's reputation as a surgeon and medical adviser and as Doctorrare-gener- ally admitted to confidence, he had felt no reluctance in paying this visit; and was admitted without delay upon sending a message to say he had come as a physician on an important errand. He wras a man to whom any woman might have entrusted her confidence without fear of betrayal- - this the lady saw at a glance,... he lost no time ;in telling lier she was in the wrong, w itnout in the least betraying nis0 knowledge of her own secret, he made her con- scious of wrong and anxious to repair the' mischief she had done. Her lo ve for Maitland was the strongest sentiment sheS was capable of and his future was her ambition. Dr. Bland told her what a lovely disposition Lady Anna possessed and how delicate her temperament that she needed love it was her 'only hope, per . . of bttleelse; and thereforeJane said'Jifrgig iyrlu"atfeffiF alio w Br? Bland to come reg. consider himself at leastequal in au- - 4iap rrench governesses to whom she has been leit will be house. a the It to at cveu change uut ularly ji mure, wouia De a constant wholly in the past until her cousin took up her Hteast from the sameness life 1 terror u en- - asensitrre r a s. abode thiere. r "V it-uin- of-our-pres- ent" jf to-e- aturenn ' . - , 4 