WOMAN'S 120 . interesting interview on general question pertaining to woman's advancement, and also upon the situation iu Utah,, political, social, moral and religious. "We had the pleasure on that occasion of introducing her to Sister Eliza R. Snow and several of the leading men ot me Church, Gen. Wells among .others in the President's office. She was quite a jeraarkable woman, -specially enthusiastic at that time on ,, nn I ra intensely in woman's total enfranchisement. Eb. a 1 l- a. L Miss Kate B. ?- .1 . who, not camefrom-rier-home-i- nT ago, Kansas to Boston to study modeling, has origia new idea in creamic nated and developed . - . . t art. Alter her sluny in .boston, sne went to. the potteries in Trenton, N. J., to experiment with modeling as applied to pottery. She conceived the idea of carving a design into the dry ware before it wa3 fired. As there were no tools to aid in the process, she used a penknife, and has carved several pieces. It war not sasy to touch firmly enough to cut" the ware and yet not to crusn, it, lor in tnat state it is fragile as a bit of hollow chalk. Each time the success was more distinctive. The effectof the: work when done and fired, especially when the pieces are lighted from within. i. that of moonlight falling on the ob jects represented. The character of- the figures portray ed'is admirably ad ap t ed r to- this treat- ment- - There are cuplda and fays and delicate figures that are part flowers and part fairies. And so great 13 the artistic success of the new, work that Miss Sears' name is already spoken of as the designer of a distinctively new and original piece of pottery nSany-year- . - . She was a devoted mother, a loving wife and a true ' , bamt. She was the mother of eight children, five of whom are living and, with their father and a large circle of friends mourn her loss. Mary E. B. Farr St Johns, Ariz, Latter-Da- y ; LOIS HAMBLIN BURK. To the memory of Lois Burk who died at her residence under very painful circumstances, in Alpine Apache Co. Arizona, : Aug. 1891. She was the daughter of the late Jacob and his wife Rachel Ilamblln, and the wife of Hubert R. Bark; and was born in Tooele Co. Utah Tune y. 4, ..ft I5,i8;i aged 40 yrs. 2 mon. and is days at the time of her deathshe was the mother of ten children, six of whom preceded her to the "better world. ' The last, an infant daughter, sleeps sweetly with its mother. Sister Lois was a true wife and mother and consistent Latter- - Day Saint. She was an active worker in the Sabbath School, and Relief Society having held the office of counselor in the Society for a number of years. in snort sne was a true woman, ana Dore ner many Trials witBTneeknesSa4 fertittrde; up-springi- - - 1 Good mother, maker of numerous pies," mender of numerous hose, overseer of a great province a household , rest a littieHava4; chair by the stove, and when you peep into the oven, sit while you look, yea, even a moment after; you will work all the' faster for the short change of posture. While mending have .your chair in the coziest corner, where good light will come in and let the sun strike upon you if possible, so that you may health-givin- g . influence get the Tkstrengthening,, 1 : J . .. . i- -i thenrxest.JLeLyour eyes wander out through T the window glass as far as possible, and rest your eyes by looking at something interesting out of doors. Don't rule all the time. Drop .the reins of household government for a little while, unbend yourself and sit down on the rug and play with the children, and as it were become again a child Economize your "strength. Sit when you can. Do not hold the baby when it can rest and grow just as well in its- - crib. By resting when you can, by planning the work to be done and by being systematic and orderly in all things a woman's work'at home is more easily done. Living Issues. Anthony's birthday will be given in this City tonight. GONE TO REST. On the 18th of Nov. 1891, we were called to lay in the silent tomb our much esteemed sister . Amanda Dana, whose death was caused through' typhoid fever. She was the daughter of Morris and Sarah Phelps wa$ ' . born in Utah Apr. 27th 1854. Nov. was married of she Bro to 1S69 On the first George C. Dana, in Salt Lake City, Utah. She was, for several years, an energetic laborer in the Primary Association, and a faithful leachcr in the Relief Society at the time of her "demise. , ,: ..;. Z...,Z- Trial Subscriptions, five weeks for fO cents. The Woman's Journal, of Boston, and the Woman's Tribune, of Washington, D. C will be sent to one ad y ... '. fill - Al - - - am. - Keeps on Hand DRESS COODS AND TRIMMINGS, FANCY ARTICLES AND NOTIONS, BOOKS STATIONERY, EQUI- ' AND , POISE WAISTS, ETC. , Dreai raklngr In all its branches,.JTIillInery, latpg Btyl1?. Hata and llonneui clenned and rctrimmedt Feather curled, etc. Stamping dope to order. Buttons covered while you wait. Jiurial Suits a Specially, TSJ TP FIRST SOUT1I STItliET, KJO Hi, 1NO. OQ Three doors west of Theatre. , 26,28, 30and32 East 1st SouthSt, co-work- " Resolved SALT LAKE CITy . that we extend otrr sympathy to the bereaved Msl)ahUi:ndhndrenwho-havc-bee- u devoted wife and tender mother. depiived-of- a- The Leading '.Retail Resolved that a copy of these resolutions be sent to the sorrowing family, also published in the Exponent and a copy be placed on the records of our Society.. Dear Lois on earth your sufiferings are o'er, You've met the the loy'd ones on the "Beautiful Shore", While bereaved ones repine. Oh sweet be thy rest Father help us to bow to Thy righteous behest. . z:A: party in honor'of Susen 1 Price, Sl.00 a year. Whereas our Heavenly Father, has called from our midst our esteemed sister, therefore be it Resolved that in her death, we the members of the Reliei Society recognize the loss of a faithful and zealous REST A LITTLE. 1 I ; Ex. 1 Edited 'and published weekly at Washington, .'. D..G, by Clara Bewick Colby. RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. . l v TRIBUNE, WOMAN'S dress for 3.00 per year. r- , eti. r THE 1 1 Sars, a'young, girl EXPONENT Jane Noble. Viola Hatch. E.IC.THOMA! ,.. TO THE MEMORY OF LOUISA SMITH PARK. 1 . THE G??ANDt nVESTERN Sister Park departed this life Oct. 26th 1891; She was the presiding ieacher of the Relief Society of the 2nd Ward " in 1'rovo City. , Our beloved Sister after a life of toil and usefulness, has paid the debt of nature, and gone to her rest in the - great beyond, we acknowledge the debt to be the wise decree of the Almighty upon alHn our probation here, and while we do not regret the change on her part, as she was fully prepared, by her well spent life, still we mbs her kindly presence and influence at our meetings. ' Choice of Three Distinct Routes, AT .Sarah Jojes,' "' ; . EACH WAT' BETWEES OGDEN, SALT LAKE AND DENVER. ELEGANT RECLINING CHAIR Free . .'Committee, MRS. M. E. VAN, M. D. 4t 325 Third Floor, Constitution Burning HO TJRS.- -8 to 10 a. m. , 4 to Bp. m. " Charge. TEE HOST TH0S0USHLT EQUIPPED RAILWAY " " " : rlN THE WEST. r Tz D. 0. DODGE, Gtnl. Xgr. A. E. WELBT, - Snpt. J. H. BENNETT, , , c.r.AP. a. $c CO. TiririERS CAS.WATER & STEA51 FITTERS IDjTXID TALfiSS for RUMSEYS celebrated LIFTand FOKtt PUMPS. Pa m'pg Repaired on short notice. Orders (rom J-Ag- OFFICE.-32- of" Direct Connections made in Union Depots.- - - Josephine Loveless, Elizabeth D. Brown, Sarah Ann Jones, r ; SCENERY Two Fast Express Trains Daily : "; THB MOST MAGNIFICENT RAILROAD - - RAILWAY! - - . . MY MOUNTAINS! Therefore be it; Resolved that while we feel sad in our loss by this separation; from our sister, We remember her wise counsels and practical faith in her religion and her God, which has so often in its manifestation brought joy to our hearts. Her words of comfort and exhortatfon with their prophetic fire still fill our minds with admiration for this , our good and well beloved sister. , ' Resolved that'we strive to emulate her faith, her good works, and follow the good example of her active and well spent life. Resolvedthat we congratulate the sons and daughters pf the deceasedj?he- patteraof,anobleilife-- i that; their mother has left them.and bid them follow on in the path she trod, i .jV . Resolved-th- at these resolutions be spread upon the Records of the Relief Society of the 2nd Ward arid also published in the Utah EnquirerDespatch andlroxENT7 -- , .1 Standard Gauge THROUGH THE RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. ' ' ent j he country promptly responded to. . CATS JAKES, Box 326, SALT l ,1 LAIS CHT, " 