WOMAN'S ! THE MINISTRY OF SORROW. . EXPONENT. I Ii sisters and friends, and the comfort and plenty a jrcupu?; auu too mue inenasnip ana Kindly of a home, where she had known only love luiczfatiu uuu anoiner?it seems lame. and tender solicitude. i Please take this in the spirit it Is given, and r Sister Woodbury came to the valley in 1847 answer as the Good Spirit may suggest to you. enduring the privations incident to that period If I ain wrong, I look to you for correction. iving m the Old Fort and passing through the My desire is always to . improve and trying ordeals of those earl? pioneer times, . ater m life their circumstances imgreatly Hoping the present year may be to you a eh wooaoury could V more happy and prosperous one, , ot the pleasures and comforts to which oy she had I atn yotir sister in he Gospel, .''j 'been accustomed in formers no doubt ;she fully appreciated, though shehad never complained, or seemed to think her lot S. L. City, Jan. 14,1892, was hard, while she had herfaraily aroundJher. D ea r. Lister M. A. bhe wa3 a most affectionate and devoted wife In reply to your i'avor, I will say that I too iuuu auu tenaer motner, a kind neighbor have been interested in the holiday number, of and true friend. . the Woman's Exponent. Sister Woodbury was a faithful member of Next. Why should we pause to wonder at the Relief Society of the seventh" ward- and" the changes produced in some people, because was earlv chosen a teacher wMnK nfft once thought grief and pain were 'cruel things; And human hearts, were thus like bruised wins "Of poor hurt birds, made all too weak to fly. ,It Is not so; pain fits a heart for flights so high, That human ken can. never more its way pursue. Until its hurt is surely healed, by heavenly dew From jts own bitter anguish fiercely wrung, And this healing dew, on many another heart is flung. : I . grow-better- , patient "then, bh wronged and weary one, patient still, nor wisM the wrong to thee undone; For somewhere in a lone7 far distant day, A lamp in God's own hand will light thy way, And thy vision then will to show. That thus alone, can Jove to his full statue erow. Not love alone for some fair, smiling face, But love that helps and heals the human race. Be Be days-whic- h , '.hee-plam- ty Elizabeth Lyle Saxon. - .PARTING - xiLXimQg4l-rcumstancesiio-weB- until her health would no oi her going. out. longer permit She suffered a great deal for a long time but ;was very patient and full of faith. She will be greatly missed and sincerely mourned' by her in the Society. The deceased leaves a husband and three children, one daughter, two sons, and several grand children to mourn her loss. Sister Woodbury has Tlfcdir.e.cientry This life has many varied scenes Of joy and peace of grief and pain, To-dawe meet tomorrow part, Perchance to never meet again. How oft we part from those we love angry thoughtless mood. And think that we'll soon meet again' Adown life's shining.sunny road. y rs In-sull- en - ; Brit days and weeks. and months goby, --Yes even longh and weary years Before we see the brightening eye v Last seen irt sullen angry 'tears And oftentimes it is the last Of mortal parting on the earth, And we will only meet again At our sublime celestial birth. Then let us live and part in peace With those we love and all around, So fellowship and love'll increase And not a vain"Vegret be" found. . Oh never let the parting sun Go down upon our childish wrath; Forgive.forget the wrong that's done And walk the loving peaceful path. E..R. S. MEMOIR OF CATHARINE R. WOODBURY. Sister Catharine R. Wood bury --who -- died November 1, 1891 in the 76th year of her age was the wife of Couaselor Thomas II. Wood-- " bury of the 7th Ward of this City.Sister Wood burv whose maiden name was Haskell was of Puritan descent on both the father and mother's side; and the mother's name before mar Maynard's (her were riage) among the early settlers in New Catharine was the eldest daughter of Samuel Haskell and was born in North New oroiners ana sisters m the Eastern states,-tw- o rs in the West one m IXansas Ami- another in IowaTinfluential men. and a maiden sister in Hartford,. Conn. V She has lived a consistent life as a Latter-da- y Saint and has gone to her rest to await the morning of the. first resurrection. Her funeral took place from, the seventh ward meetinghouse and was numerously attended. May our Heavenly Father comfort those who mourn, that they may have "the consolation of the Holy Spirit in this their sad bereavement "JBlessed are the dead who die in the Lord from henceforth they rest from their labors and their, works do follow them." . ' : E.B.W. ' LETTERS. Dear Aunt EmrBelieving these commune cations may be interesting to others as well as the writers, I send them to you. Lula. Jan. 3, 1892. . know-that-only-asm- ot portion rof our" FathpfC children possess the true independence which keeps the heart as warm and generous under the varied exciting influences which accompany wealth, as it would be in the more calm and quiet ways the poor must follow in? If we have friends who are liable to be overcomo by the snares which riches bring, it is our duty to breathe especial prayers for them. . Our feel imrs' to wards them should be ihnsfl nf 'rv .. , nottienvy. Yh should ever cherish that emrit of tmn moral courage which will enable us to ri? above any despondency which might "come to us oecause ot personal slights, oliered bv thoughtless or ignorant people whoever'they are. Our sisters of the Relief Society who are especially engaged in the good work of looking after the poor and needy have always much on their hands whichmiLbeattended to. And if some less imperative cases seem at times t have been overlooked, there are, doubtless, , "some features connected with them which, upon investigation, would render the seeming n eglect qui te pardon able.:' 1..L . ir.. If we know any who are cast down and irr sorrow and loneliness, it is the duty of any one of us who are numbered among the Latter-da- y Saints,to cheer .and comfort all such who come -to our notice. And now, dear sister, I will give you a few of my thoughts, concerning the best way of : ;- cheeringad ; - -:' hearts.r. - : . tj We must look about us. and call to mind " Mrs. L. L. G. Richards, how many blessings have been bestowed upon ' Salt Lake City. us; how much every one who has faith in the Dear Sister Lula: Lord, Jesus Christ, has to be thankful for; the While T have been reading the Woman's darkness and doubt we have been rescued from; the goodness of God made manifost;ihr Exponent, - an d - m u s i n g - on - i ts con ten ts "for- - our behalf every day, and the glorious hop s Christmas, I have been impressed to pen a. lew " of my thoughts and feelings to"you. While we are looking forward toT No onlcm cour , template these things understand ingly, and be doing so, I hope I shall not be intruding on cast down and unhappy, no matter what the your time and patience. cifourustances may be. And with Salem Franklin. Co., Mass., July 6, 1816. I would like to tell you a little of my ex- surrounding this view of things reflected in mind and heart, When the Gospel was first preached in that perience a3 a friend and sister in the Gospel one is ready to speak comforting words to of Christ, thinking you may be able to explain place, she believed and was shortly afterwards others. which I cannoti understand. baptized, Nov. 1841, the only one of a large some things . i . ; i? i . i We must cultivate rpf ace 1ad''ddwillTirr"r - family, who Uiten 1 am led to wonaer wny n is inai obeyed the Gospel, though ; they" our own hearts: then we shall find happinees were very favorably some of our people, who were once my friends disposed. The next May in life, and always have something good to imshe was married to Elder Thomas H. Woodwho came irom ine same coumry, auu were r- to our fellow creatures. bury and almost immediately left - for the poor like, myself, have now become rich, and part I shall be pleased to hear from you again, ce gathering-plaof the Saints, Nauvoo, III. live in palaces; and because I have not and hope for a more cheerful letter next time. in like manner, although There: her first child a little daughter very chanced to be favored words of the wise king: and they pass me Remember the DIht and attracjiva was born, and died. Thi3 I have' always worked very hard, ' ' r me. I wonder prophet- even do not seemed a sad blow" to the "fond mother for such recognize and, by 'A merry heart dpeth good like a medi-- '. jhere, she has ever been. Other children were " too, if it was as hard. to ensure born to her, but she never forgot her when all'were poor, as it 13 now when some May you always be blest. first born, left" in thel rich and great. so are . in ; when lonely grave, L. L. Greene Richabds. common with others, she wa3 forced to leave We hear a great deal about looking alter, her home in that beautiful among us. But I sometimes think city and journey the poor there is a great lack in seeking to find out the westward to seek a place of refuge. Florence Nishtincrale is so exhausted bv; an could Sister Woodbury was always a genuine downcast, and ' making them happy, I of this kind which attack of la grippe that her condition j'.w Latter-da- y never faltering in obedience mention several instances Saint, to the faith she had embraced and for which have come under my observation. There is reported as critical. She is about 72 yeara. .".exhibited among us a3 old. she had forsaken mother brothers, too much party feeling ' - the-Haskel- ls -r--- 7:" ::. after-wards- , jr. - ; father, alb - . 