WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 36 Woman's Exponent. Editor. EMMELINE D. WELLS, Lake City, Utah. one copy stx months, 50 cts. No reduction made for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, $2.50; per month, &3.00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. Exponknt office. No. 25 E., South Temple Street, second gate east of Deseret News Office. Business hours from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to Published semi-monthl- in Salt y, Terras: one copy one year, i.oo self-respecti- MRS. PARKER AND MISS HEFRON. had a very interesting call from Mrs. Parker,-o-f Chicago, and Miss Hefron, of Utica, N. Y., two ladies who have been at Provo assisting Col. Parker in the summer school lectures there for teachers. The Colonel returned home several days before his wife and Miss Hefron. We were very much disappointed that Mrs. Parker could not give her lecture upon Dress Reform here, in the Tabernacle, but she assured us that it would be a pleasure for her to in come again, and as she"" bad 'annjpmen't far as Kansas for October she willlikely come as Salt Lake; at least so she thinks now, unless something unforeseen prevents her. Mrs. Parker has been quite strongly impressed, since coming here, with many of the things which have come under her observation, or been brought to her notice. She talked freely with the writer, asking questions about the early pioneer life, and the conditions affecting women and children under the law; and she has taken home with her many books treating upon the doctrines and principles of the Churchits historyand; rspecial matters of importance. People like Colonel Parker and his wife, President Elliot and wife, and others of intelligence and liberal views who come here without prejudice and stay long enough to see 'for themselves, cannot fail but do good by the impressions they will make concerning the position here, and Entered at the Post Office in Salt Lake City, Utah, as second clast matter. September i, 1892. THE INDUSTRIAL PROBLEM. "VtrsowrconicsTJirecflyiipon the scene of a: recent strike, it becomes a positive necessity to enter into the subject more or less; one can scarcely be neutral in opinion if one may in expression. Being specially intefesreoTTn the subject on general principles, and as one of the important questions of the day, and having relatives in the immediate vicinity of one of the terrible strikes (the one in Northern Idaho) it has been a study with the writer for the past few weeks, and reading what is said from time to time in the papers, one can scarcely help forming an opinion of some sort in the premises. But here we are right on the spot where the thickest of the trouble occurred, and having it from the people themselves who are most deeply concerned and have suffered from the consequences. Perhaps after some days sojourn we may be able out of all we see and hear to get a clear understanding and to write something for the readers of the Exponent. The soldierre here and the were)rtfiOTgfr som eirre toerTeToay "or are taken over for trial in Cceur d' Alene City where the lawyers anjudgeshave already collected .to. hold court. The citizens of Wallace and vicinity have some' sense of security since the arrival of the troops, nnno fir oitdor Ufa nrpvlniitlri that thfr-ua- c property. No one knew, however innocent of offence in thought, word, or deed he might be, at what moment he would be shot, or ordered to leave were terror- stricken; men with families, ordered to go, were 'left without the least choice and women and children were at the mercy of the strikers. TSome men did not go and the troops barely arrived in time to protect them. We have not space in this issue for any extended notice of the situation, but in our next issue wdl have a paper giving some of the real meanUme-wegivfacts. aodiacitot an extract ; -- s- theltownt-The-inhabitan- ts , e. nd0n T!T" WC Ulled n r0Uie' fruthe, The labor troubles the United in States have y taken a form not to be distinguished from civil war. - I w W wm iili Llil. lli1IIVri ing up this Territory will be better understood ..... than it is at present. 3Yewere specially 4nterested-Ti- r MmrParkeF because of her beine one of the Commute , Dress Reform appointed by the National Council, and also,as we found onmeeting her,that she had voice and most win. ning address, she would make a profound impression upon her audience wherever she might speak. All these things tell well for woman's" cause, and help to uplift it. There is no doubt but Col. and Mrs. Parker have done a good work among the teachers here in this Territory their ideas and as contact with others always does methods, naturally. We are very glad to be interviewed by such people as jurs. barker, and Miss Hefron, and .Miss Balgarnie, and CapuThqmMhe Royal Army of England, with whom we had a most in Resting conversation on Mormonism when, on his way from San Francisco to New York he passed through Salt Lake City. In fact this ritv t U a I'JW 'I 1ITIU great center of attraction for tourists, romantically situated as it is midway between the Missouri river and the Pacific Coast and vith its peculiar history of peculiar people the lemples built in various places are singular-attractioand significant .of this people "and their religion. and-broadene- I I is ended. It is small wonder that the course of affairs is watched with alarm by those in whose d I 1 memory the events of 1877 are still fresh." Another quotation from the Chronicle of London, August 20, says: 1 ne Ameriran npnnlp hart JhA-..V ( rr oJJlCHUJU inheritance ever conferred on a nation, and thev have grossly misused it, Hordes of vulgar office, seekers .have been permittefd to fatten on the pubedmundrussell: lic body;' great cities are given over to men who ought to be in prison; and millions on millions of Jhe Exponent of the Art of Expression acres cf public lands are given with a light heart The visit of Mr. Russell to this office on Thurs- to railway corporations, which now threaten to u oui, was a real pleasure, to say the strangle the republic in their octopus-liksrraso 1 least o describe this jmrci . jj reauy practical anarchism, which .otaarinieohrpefent, but we can tell our : mf -t . e rii. i ng: s t o , and uninterestIf he had been common-plac- e ing, coming as he did.wiih a letter of introduction from Mrs. May Wright Se wall, whose friendship" is so dear to the .writer, and who is one of the brightest and most deservedly popular women of. the country, and is the President of the National Council of Womeri'of the United States, we should most certainly have been glad to show him some courtesy or favor; but when we found him such a perfect conversationalist, and so desirous to hear of our country, and our homes, our limited, and only regrj;Mya.sjyi sHbuId not be able to "hear Himinsome that large parlor or building itt this city, though we most sincerely hope" he will remain and speak here. To be sure we had heard of his celebritylind his aesthetic success, oj successes, Jbut never dreamed his work anything so real and yet . ON Wednesday we Salt Lake City, Utah. City, -- ng sJLepp PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, Salt Lake readers in our own way. something of him and his ideas, which seem new ones to the uninitiated in the art of expression which he enunciates emphatically by means of his own personality when you come face to face with him. He must be seen and heard if one would realize what the art be represents, has dehis work,-an- d veloped in him. He givesyou in a few minutes' conversation, in word painting, many wonderful suggestions and makes you feci them to be real states, compared with which the anarchism of a handful of desperate families is almost innocuous. That is the general moral of a labor war, but there are special questions relating to railway and convict hborl It is simply monstrous that capitalists are allowed to use convict labor, so monstrous that no community could possibly tolerate it." Wallace, Idaho, August 23, 1S92. . w--e ' ideal. The underlying facts are, or seem to be, to make the most and the best of actuals life, or to get the best results from all one does, and to do everything with that intention. MivRussell does not "ap pro veoQhe mperil method of education, because of its abnormal tendency to the development of the mental faculties at the expense of the physical. It is said Delsarte "studied man's nature from a physical as well as mental standpoint, believing that the mental, the moral and the physical shoulobe educa other We as a people should go a little farther and tl Sjrital jay alf attributes, of all work, is the perfection of skill in any direction, or in any science, or in any matter. That is the established fact, but how to 4)mducethat4iarmony-is4heproble- m. If men and women knew how to produce har mony in this life, they would have discovered the royal highway to happiness. - Unfortunat ely though they may have made some little progress in some certain directions, the progress is very slow towards perfection; but that is the object a few are aiming to attain, a perfect life. Truths are eternal even if we do not receive them, or put them to use. Mr. Russell considers the use of tea and tobacco bad practices, he also thinks wearing corsets is bad, compressing the vital parts, of the'., humatr booyf seldom breathe right, women never. His lessons are something like the kindergarten system, very pleasant affairs, of which w'e cannot have the least doubt, after having had several talks with him, although all in one day. Perhaps the best thing to tell the readers of the Exponent would be that there is much of his ns we do not; put it in practice as we should. Brigham Young: taught this people how to live morally and spiritually and temporally, and if they "had observed the hints he gave and the truths he set forth in the sermons he preached from time to time, 'the progress and development in many directions among this people would have been much greater. New developments in art, in science, and m . .. . . for the benefit of all; there will be stilf greater dis . 