V WOMAN'S EXPONENT. privilege to entertain such dear, good friends. We hacfa fine 24th, a lovely procession, SAN, JUAK STAKK. y with representations of "Uath as it was, Conference Minutes of the Relief Society Utah as it is, Utah's Best Crop," Relief Tr.vVUnf TTrrtin i'ni tlif first SDCaker. of the San Jauii Stake of, Zion held "at she spoke of the positions women are and Society, Sunday School, Primary, and Moab,May 23rd 1S92. Pres. Martha Hammany other features. The speeches, songs, be called to occupy, the management mond presiding, choir sang, "Prayer is the may of home, order necessary to happiness, recitations etc., were excellent, while not an soul's sincere desire." Prayer by Counselor to be neglected, humility and expression was made throughout the whole William Halls, singing, "Gixl is love." prayer not faith needful, referred to the parable of the time, tt which our friends, of which there Minutes of the last meeting read and acten virgins, and temptations that were many present, could take exception,, , interest-an Hammond Pres. ' cepted. gave or that could possibly leave "a sting behind" i beset us on every side, i ndi si Stake the t her arou of t accouii y ug Mrs." Clara Cannon bore' her testimony.. hence I'peace and good:vili,iTeignedr::zzr: with the sisters from Salt Lake City. The We have torn down all our old-lo- g cabins desi re to remai r fa i th ful . several brandies in the, stake were then ex pressed her andaFe" in beulgwillrtlie relics onrharder day iflg a jreprentedjCo.unsdor will which addition home .to our make Saints after an absence of some months; good ported IU111T, Sister Moselle Halls Mancos, said, "therels no we are place like home," there -- Sister Miriam harton-Monticellc, Sarah buildiner. we alwavs jrive the workmen are many people in Los Angelos claiming Holyoak,'Moab. to be Latter-day Saints and much good dinner and supper, which means a good All agreed that the Society represented could-bdone by .Elders visiting them, deal of wqrk for me. But I can not but do ' in a was a prosperous condition and that good nothing could induce her to leave this place, it with the best of feelings, for when we feeling prevailed among the sisters and the desired to be preserved in the truth." built the old primitive cabins, which are Lord was blessing them in their endeavors C. Mrs. Julia Howe spoke upon now no more. Sister Maria iNlaasen audX ... "the economy ofTiome; thought our children carried water from Sanpitch, made the mud 1 lie Uld Labin was A sonir entitled should be encouraged to save their nickels and plastered them with our own hands. rendered by Daisy Shaffer and Mrs. West-woolor the iemple and other good purposes, Well, Sister , Wells, times have changed, Sister Howard spoke of the Relief Society teachings of this kind will be "remembered I trust I shall not be ungrateful to our by the little ones when they grow to bejnen Heavenly leather for the change. as a medium through which to obtain inand women. With kindest regards in which the telligence and testified that the Lord did C. Mrs. H, Young related a dream she Bishop joins I remain, bless all yvho tried to take part in the work, the 'had In As ever your friend and sister in the early days, showing the things all sisters should be alive energetic and now coming to, pass, felt it was necessary Gospel of peace, active members of the Relief Society. The that the young people should be tried, Helena Madsen. duty of the sisters is to grow into the knowlif to we our children thought clung they Gunnison, July 27, 1892. edge of the Gospel and all other intelligence. be would saved, she would never slacken Sister Free7.e encouraged the sisters to her hold upon the young girls, they will all speak and take an active part in. the meetFOOD FOR THOUGHT. ings, knew the Lord had and would still eventually be gathered into the fold, much depended upon our union. bless the sisters in their endeavors to do thought Mrs. E. Paul felt blessed in coming to their duty urged all to be united and love the meeting had been" prevented by sickness Again I have been reading the record each other. which has been hid up in. the ground for for some time past. Br, C. R. Savage from Salt Lake City, Counselor E. Webb felt that the erand- - ages, but now brought to light for the benerealized that themissioii of good sisters is a fit great one as they have the blessed privilege mother could do a great deal, through kind- - -- of this generation atunewhen-rea- t knowledge many sciences de- - , lieved all that which told exhibit the most powerfuL-- :: them; wished veloped, grandma :7wuTmtlIe'vine and oil of human kind- of the mothers the be at these meet- display could human iumdrmitir really ness and could te a blessing to all they young seems God-likings and hear tbeeacliingslojeand and why?" Did not our .came in contact with. chari tr"sh6uTcT Savior Till' oiit healts'"continualiy, Dr. J. E. Talmage from Salt Lake City say what would be done in the last love and kindness we must try to days? Yes truly, He said in the last days spoke of tfie prosperous condition of the through people of this stake said the Relief Society is ivccp uic )uuiu 111 me ngni pain, ana m.iy his spirit would be poured- out upon all : "the' LofdT)Iess oureffort flesh,; your sons and daughters should doing a grand work. LounselorE. "We Even the great ix:ople of the world ad-can't live prophesy, .your old men see visions, and Stevenson, too near the in Lord these, mire the organization of the Relief Society. times, the good young men dream dreams, etc. ,We are also told this trood soirit will limtr . The speaker continued his remarks at some things we hear should be put into dailv " " practice, we should cease to speak ,eyil of .Jisjliing&tacome and bring: things-too- uf length, the theme being praise and adulat' one auouier, and learn the lesson of charity; rememurance. ion for the work done by the sisters. will not this make us sucbe cessful mail our pursuits of life? yes guarded in all our sayings, we knowvthat Pres. F. A. Hammond endorsed what had surely; leen said by all, hoped all would remember our : lives are full of trials,: she felt full of as well in science as any other laudable pur- the good words and would be encourage'd. sympathy for young mothers; we should suit. St. Paul said, ' 'knowledge and induced toatteud conference more often. treasure up in our hearts the good we have puffeth up, but heard Pres'. Martha Hammond testified that the today, and may the Lord assist us to charity edifieth." Here then is the danger Spirit of the Lord had been lanrelv enioved put it into practise, that we may be useful rnents we arrive at Shall the . d uring thisauee-tlg , spoke-o- f the good xlorie President Home made closing remarks,ex-hortingth- e world make us forget God, the praise of the by the sisters from Salt Lake in their travels author of all sisters to be faithful and diligent science? We must .be and prayed the blessings of the Lord to still d ikdeed in all their duties, that thev mio-hattend us. it we allow this vanity to take possession-of- Conference adjounied Jbr three inonths tIle promlsedT Metingadirnecr choir nsaiijfaiiUiem1 'Straight is the Gate. ' ' lur iwo weeks, singing "Lord dismiss us et we are told there is etc. Platte V. D. R. itenedictioinfey of pride, yes as many kinds of Benediction, Lyman. Young. pride as there Anna M: Lyman S'ec.Ww.' are of virtues. Now I must tell Sec. this ancient record; flip Tnnt-- f tvyou that EXTRACT FROM LETTER. R. S. Minutes of previous meeting read and approved, also minutes of conjoint meeting of 17th Ward and South Bountiful Primary Association's. Jesus the Giver" etc. REPORT. ' ' - . - the-ma-ny - -- . i: 11 raithTejolcecl -frsr-I- I)elia-Ivymai- - - rTe , -W- . e ' ... d. ; rpvehf ir e, " ; - "' -- . : short-sighte- t M-'in- gs INDIES SEM MEETINGS. I Y liiK regular meeting of the sisters which convenes mllieilrWard of this citv held Saturday, July 2, at 2 p. m., was "specially in erestmg. President M. I. Honie pre-sided. Opened by singing All is well etc" prayer by .Mrs. M, W. Wilcox, singing "0 v The Bishop wishes me to say he is for your kind feelings, and Wishes expressed in your last letter in jaxvi iu ui uiiuiuay. lie gLSeaiQOdt Wejiad a nicetiine here J .1:.'. my youth I was tnncrlif fn pnde was the mam spring-tr- i success. A person-withoSiC pride ti -- re- - Had three the 2rd of July, with about fifty of our friends. " The Stevenson's and comoanv: 011 this 111 ul very-gratef- letters from Sal trLakevhiclH : r,J of-thoughton ut -- C! 10,1 TPyria5ire- "woid ii 'vuuvi, uui siiifp rAiritfin- - 1 a w..vrcw, xuure sound principles have icbeniea.tnemselvesto "iy mind. I can ttenned: I feel quite positive T ihJ Z 