07 WOMAN'S KXPONENT. father raving about her wonderful black eyes, she was the mother of young Hilliard, there was a marriage it seems though no one in Kngland knew of it, she lived abroad, but died very shortly; and the gossips sayr, he was very glad, for he wonld not acknowledge her in any way, though he had really been over head and ears in love before the ceremony took place." "Really Mrs. Deveuish I do not even remember the great singer, I suppose it was very long ago, and one can't always recall the great people one has seen, even if they were celebrated singers; but why are you so interested in the young man and what do you care about his mother.". "It is not so much the young man himself though he is very fine every way, charming in fact, but the family,, there's a' J mystery, about them even to "to the relative who appears in society as the chape rone. She is lawyers, and ascertained the truth, and made bold to call; it is an unwarrantable intrusion, but pardon the eagerness on my part, and remember, rising to go', that hereafter you have a friend and protector in your mother's cousin, Rob. Harrison. ' "In the broad tow'ring peaks of the n mountain-Dow- How loved the dear, old house dog, That protected me from all strangers, Accompanied me in rambles, And so kindly shared all my dangers. ' - Spirit of dreams leave me not here, Bu gently open my mother's door. Let mejsee the fire picture the Paneled walls, as in days of yore. As I dream, I see visions, as it were, Visions of love, bright and fair. I see those I loved best on earth, To night, where are they? Oh where- - . Yet, treasures there are, far dearer than these, That wealth of the world cannot buy, Whose lustre outshines, with greatest of ease, All the riches for which we may sigh. )desty, Virtue, bright jew'ls so jrare, , You're to me far mare precious than gold; Through the window? of souls,saintIy and fair, Beams your purity, ever extolled. Truth, Kjt 1 M - Truth thou art a jewel, proven and tried, And thy light sparkles brighter each day; Many are seeking thee, both far and wide,-Anold Time will but smooth out thy way. d ser-va- , Yvcicr wuivcu uy 111c .I I I . A- 1 I -- Truth, Modesty, Virtue, I adore you! Purest pearls st water" to me; Spread your light ever round us as dew, .. Brightest type of the virtue we see. of-'fir- HVACiNTlI. ' Alpine, July 22, 1892. - , DREAMS OF CHILDHOOD. DEDICATED TO MY SISTER. .7 7 3Tyhome was not in grarTdeur built,.. came on business, farm. proceeded a New it was Nor, England charming to inquire whether Lady Anna Hilliard j in It was home a happiness complete, would like to hear something ' concerning A home possessing every charm. jthe family of her mother. ' 'I see said the The dearest memories of childhood, 1' wrho gentleman accompanied Mr. Everhard That linger about my heart, A the are of that you living image my cousin, to mind, many dear friends, Bring Clarice Courtenay and as she was the most L From whom I have had to part. lovable of w6meiupardon me if I seem to no w about 4 Though the of my life change, familiarlyqy?ou And I wander over hill and stream, twenty years since I met her last, and hav- Yet, will I find a quiet, happy hour. ing been much in foreign parts I' had no idea until my friend here informed me of Of home and mother to dream. your living in london, that my cousin had Peacefully, am I sitting to night, left any offspring. I was so thoroughly Around my own quiet hearth, asionisneci oy tne intelligence, .mat,. u,re-.- . .JJlvlJiver sam,.my. childish life, With all its joy and mirth. paireu at once to sir mwarci iiuiiara s uiey gniicmciriyiiig, forthwith and. (' I - ; .4-spe- -- astis. i " On the brow where its purity's riv'n. 1 visitorsr Mrr Everhard a and friend of his from abroad." The girls looked at each other in silence, but only for a second or two, then with her usual firmness Miss Conway gave her directions to the man in waiting. Kre long the young ladies descended to the drawing- - - ; Oh Virtue, of all things that are lovely, True gift that from heaven isgyen ; nt lUTiomiced 1 the same is'my father's Library, Nor changed is my mother's chair. , ... : Tread gently, through that dear, old room For the sweetest of my memories are there. nor the mystic veil of the future, But let my dreams forever last Tor me there isjoynd gladness, In thus, dreaming of the past. Mrs. L. S. Dickinson. Salt Lake. July 27, 1892. -- ad holy, - "J'U'st Sweet Modesty, thou gem of true goodness, Greatly valued, because rarely lound; Widely.scatter the. seeds of thy meekness; And lowliness, far o'er the land around. 'Tis a diadem sacred : see my father and mother at 'Hie close of day, sitting side by side.She with face so gentle, so beautiful, r He loving, as if she was but his bride, Father listening to childish prattle, Mother with wee young babe at breat. Each speaking of the dear little ones The two loving hearts have laid to rest. Ahl-- I : - , Break the repose of my pet cat. Perchance, he too, is dreaming sweet dreams, As he sleeps on the hearth mat. There are still sparklinggems without measure, r In hidden recesses of earth; T6 the heart they are fast fleeing pleasures, That vanish e'er known is their worth. : I TT STfFJJrerIF - Are teeming with treasures that sleepeth, Awaiting but patience and time. Hilliards." . well-wor- I heTtTritfest JeTiFTeafatrdme; 'I .. Sometimes bending to gather a flower Not more beautiful than fragrant, Or sit beneath the dear, old bower. n Once again, I travel the path, That led to the old Gum Tree Spring Where I sat so oft', in days of yore, To laugh, talk or to sing. E'en the rude chiseled ledges, where creepeth matrimonial mistakes I fancy." don't think it matters much who or what these people are, they have their own pan to play in life, and will probably not come in contact with us in any way, it can make no difference to us, one would think you were looking out for a husband or wife for a son or daughter, and going into the merits of ancestry "the way you talk of these - I wander through orchard and meadow, valleys 'neath canopies blue, Where the musical spray of the fountain, Is kissed by each shower of dew. -- nu: iiuL luui uiiu mueeu. ubeems iney are an spoken .iorumess-iMj- e uie young man. and I'm not sure of ln'm in nnint nf fact there's a question whether he can succeed to the title." Jane. wished she were out of the room, she felt as if she were listening to a private conversation, and yet it was unavoidable; soon after- tiie.. Indies, left: the library fo getherand she was glad to make her escape; she had never hpnrrl lefnre tlmt tliprp wnc dcubt about Clair's heirship, and as for his mother she had pretty well guessed, that it was a case of fascination and infatuation and not of a lasting character. She de cided not to. repeat even to Anna what she . had unwillingly over heard, as it would very likely only excite her curiosity without being of any benefit; she seemed des- lined to obtain all the family-- accrete-- A day or two after the ball referred to, and when Jane and her cousin were. quietly talking in their morning room, the We Whose exquisite beauty's unknown, W'tiere the turbulent waves never falter, In the melodies found in their tone. lasiiioneu, sue waicnes over tnese young people like a mother, indeed if all mothers - were as cautious, there would .be fewer . "r-- There are gems in the deep heaving water, IlQljustJikfitlpe , Orchard and meadow, I used to roam. Once more in twilight, then moonlight, " With brother and sister so dear, go out in the deep shadowy lawn, To play games, to us rich and rare. HIDDEN PEARLS. - : am dreaming, fondly dreaming Of the home, the dear, old home Of my childhood, where through I ak i ! ! j ? " MISCivUvANEOUS. Laws ought to Ije fashioned unto the manners and conditions of the people whom they are meant to benefit, and not imposed upon them according to the simple rule of right. Herbert Spencer. Whoever regards the early history of Christianity will perceive how necessary to its triumph was that fierce spirit of zeal which, fearing no danger, a ccepting no compromise, inspired its champions and sustained its martyrs. Buhvcr. - . Strictly, no two persons can see the same thing in the same way, for it can never happen that two persons have precisely the same groups of ideas relating to any subject. These depend on our past experience, on our education, 011 the. helief of our times, on our various sects or parties, on our pet theories, oiir interests, and our desires. Did we but bear this in mind how many ' quarrels and disputes" might be saved. How modest we should be in condemning, hour gentle Ju reproving kvt ca?ful - hi counseling. " -- 