EXPONENT. WOMAN'S 14 SAD NEWS. Faga'lii, Upolu Samoa, ' June l6th, 1S92. Dear Sister Wells: With a heart full of sympathy for our dear ; . . Brother and Sister Hilton, I write to inform you of the death of their dear little baby "Jennie," which occurred on the evening of the 4th inst. at about six o'clock. The little one seemed to stand the voyage over, until about here very well and wasdoing-nicely- : two days previous to her .demise, when she was 21 fiiulti tjt ir.ru n a n t n" tfwn vn I , tlx oivivu nun Knti b b sions about an hour and a half before death re lieved her of her sufferings. Brother Hilton, who was at SalovL, about thirty miles distant, had been sent for but did not arrive until the next morning. ...... A.Mrs. Hell and daughters, of Apia, kindly as sisted me in preparing the little body for its final rest, and to the mother's great satisfaction Tier darling was dressed for its burial very prettily, the little gold ring you gave her ' being placed upon her finger in loving remembrance of "Aunt """') 1 -- The President was anxious that a greater interest be manifested, that members be more punctual in attendance and always ready to fill their part of the programme. motion which was C. t. R. Wells made-a carried that Agusta Joyce Crpcheron be accepted as an honorary member of the U. W. P. Club. - F.m." Preliminary business being completed the regular programme was next proceeded with, some changes being necessarily made, in consequence of the absence of some of ihe members. N. V. Davis read an interesting paper on the education of teachers; ' . Phebe C. Young read an original article on "Woman's Work" touching the subject; to the very centre. G. L. Brown furnished an original poem had a tendency to "arouse" her hearers to renewed diligence and determination to excel in the dlvite art of communicating thought through the medinm of the pen. little ballad " Tis evening brings my heart to ' ' thee." Wells then read an article pre! President E. B. pared for the anniversary of Susan B. Anthony's birthday, entitled, ''What some women have done." Giving an account of many ancient heroines which we trust will soon be followed by an account of the equally wonderful work and of the illustrious women of our " - The natives brought many beautiful flowers, which made the bereaved parents feci that they , had many friend: tnou: jh very far away from 1 home. Funeral services were held at the Mission day. house on Sunday, June 5, at 4:30 p. ni., and words Gladys Woodmansee entertained the club with of sympathy ancl comfort were spoken by Presi' instrumental music. dent Browning and Brothers Bassett and Thoma-son- . R. M. Fox read an original poem entitled "Jennie" now rests by the side ofjjister . ...... :, pray:-- m Merrill, near the Mission house at Fagalii, and we Refreshments were partaken of during an aniare all praying continuously toour Father that mated discussion on poetical license. lie will send His spirit in rich abundance to comProgramme arranged for July meeting as fofort the hearts of her saddened parents. v llows: " Every thing that "could be, was done for the" M. A. Freeze, DesHalf hour for business. little sufferer while she lived and we now feel article on journey in Mexico. ME. that it was God s will and humbly submit to . His criptiveShipp.Women Physicians. L. S. Dickinson, Poem. ' ' decree.;- . ' We are all well here at present and enjdying a goodly degree of tbe holy spirit. Should you it I will endeavor to write you a short article occasionally and would be pleased to have the Exponent sent me in return. Hoping you are well and that every thing prospers in Zion, I remain, de-si- re ' to-nig- E. R. Shipp, Secretary. IN RURAL ENGLAND, XVII. , Stevens. Hil-liard- - Tin. young naturally seek the confidence U. W. P. CLUB. "TheU. W.P. Club met as per adjournment, June 30th, 1S92, at the Exponent Parlor, Called to order by the President, E. B. Wells Opening read prayer by Secretary E. R. Shipp: and voted upon by section with one or two amendments accepted unanimously; It was" also decided that the be printed and distributed to the members of: V. Davis tliat the furnish a list of the suggested secretary names of the members to facilitated of dues, etc. Put as a motion and carried. Aiic tcotvjtiii odiw in, uny ciuexion or proposi tion presented to the club for consideration sin desif eu an to fetl tree in exprlis ions. A proposition has been recieved from absent members that we "adjourn meetings for the summer Atter someuJiscussion all agreed that a(Octurn:ment even Tor & brief period would mean a "death blow to the club," some on the contrary "would prefer to have y sessions, but" in consideration'of so many other meetings to be attended and business of varied character to engage our attention, it was deemed expedient to" hokl club meetings once a month regularly the last day! of. each month .according vin hv.u.. By-la- by-la- the-dabr- Nr better-managem- - semi-monthT- ent of those to whom they may be attracted, especially if in doubt or perplexity and young Walton was hot an exception to this and impulsive, naturally, and as a boy indulged in every caprice, he could not brook real disappointment. While he was carrying 011 clandestine interviews at the'ttdjoining estate and enjoying the ro mance of first love s young dream of bliss, before the more serious"aspect of IhelfaiF became apparent he was thoroughly at ease- butrom the timecousinaneniMesuch-ansavi- r important thing of it,he had begun to be un- comfortable and to wonder what it was best to clo, or whether he ought to try to Wet unu icaxe 11 an 10 iaie. ne was too mnrh rmrf ivji mat, uc luum hul .remain iy Anna was so demonstrative her-selfreMvto renounce everything for his sake, that sQuietimes he felt like a veritable coward. part icularevening Mai tiand rode away deeply absorbecbhi thought, scarcely caring whither his honseiead was turned, one obser-inhim would have thought some .terrible sorrow had overtaken him, and he really imagined it was so. The horse no- rule;-hot-heade- av- avand g ht, . - i Your sister in the Gospel, . Annie D. ':, San Francisco. C. C. R. Wells, Essay. L. G. Richards, Life and . character 'of her husband's mother. G. L. Brown, Music. ...., ; Benediction by M, E. Shipp. - ' , , ' little guiding and, unconsciously the young man found himself in the grounds that led, were at up to the house where his thoughts that very moment, he saw Clair sauntering along evidently not intent upontheanything day was except to enjoy the twilight, for ancl calldrawing, near its close; he drew rem ed,, to his' young friend, who hearing the voice grown familiar during the 'past few daVs, come quickly towards him, and soon were deeply absorbed in the two young-men- confidential conversation;,, .. tlie reader can , judge the subject. Neither oi them were competent judges ot the situation, tnougn botli were deepTylnTeresfed lh Tlie one "topic of all others the most fascinating, Lady Anna Hil Clair save Maitlaud the best advice pos-- , sible under the circumstances which was to confide his troubles to cousin Jane' or the Doctor or both, adding by way of a recom- icnd ,,"she is the wisest and clearest-head- ed Avoman I have ever seen,. she knowsliow to manage everything, the tenants tell- - me, she could do what no one else was ever able to with my father, and" that "a woman he would listen to in his sober senses must be something extraordinary." Maitland was undecided, he whipped the shrubbery with his riding Whip as if to wake up his ideas, and finally mounted his horse to ride towards home; when who. should come upon the scene but Doctor Bland returniug from his visit to the poor woman he had .' kept-s- o long waiting. The Doctor was in the best of spirits, and it had its effect upon these young men;he rallied Walton upon his lovesick appearance and urged him to come with him, and spend an hour or two at whist, and get cheered up before he called upon liis . sweetheart. I "I had no intention of calling am not in the least prepared, I was out of 'soilsr"aah vhere, but my horse came hither with me upon his back, I had not the strength to turn his head in any other direction;" said Maitland speaking more to himself - than-- to his friends. ' 'And why should you turn him away or yourself either, do you know that yonr father has been here to day, to see Miss ? and he'll not hinder you from paying court to the young lady, if you have the ianhnessto stamlywigToundrI'heres" nothing like being a hero. in the fight, 'faint heart neverlwon fair lady, 'and if you would be successful why you must be brave, women admire the heroic, not your milk and water sops, but those wiio are fond of adventure whether in love or in war; so take cour age young jrnan, the game Jsyours jf.jypiT play high; such women don't lilTe common place men, who are easily discouraged or let trifles stand 111 their way, hecome" Of true love never rnni "roltt,,. ic on d j 4 in a dream and finally said, ' 'my mother will be alarmed if I am long away, to tell vou the truth DorW T am mJi .. i ith jwn, Lumuixuw t1 may oe 111 oetter spirits, and without further explanation, he bade them .good Imd Walton Hnll Tt and he went straight to his own apartment, out nis motner who Jiad been from her window came directly to watching inquire how he was feeling and whether he had seen Anna .,,.Mother and son had a long conversation that night, in fact Lady WaUon felt it aoperative duty now to acquaint her boy -- LI - 11? - 