I ' . , There were, as a natural consequence in a party 01 tmsKiou many more sisters than brethren; Mesdames Zina D. H. Young; M. Isabella Home : Sarah MKimball, Emma Woodruff, Harriet A.' Preston, Eliza T. Cannon, Priscilla Jennings Julina'Smith, Bathsheba Merrill, E..B. Wells' Sarah J. Smith, Maria W. Wilcox, Julia Pack, Helen Smith, Romania B. Pratt, M, D.t Elizabeth Stevenson andothers ' too, many to "mention all the names. It was a very pleasant affair, the company all seemed to vie with each other in bestowing-meritepraise and good words upon Staler-Smit- the heroine of the occasion, and in .truth a real heroine, when one considers what she has endured for the Gospel's sake. 'Many floral; gifts were presented and other pretty and appropriate remembrances . for friendship's sake. ' Prayer was offered by' Bishop Preston and short '.. speeches were made by President Woodruff and . President Cannon," Sister Kimball-anSister and Presiderit by Young Smith; each of the : to referred their speakers long acquaintance with Sister Smith and the pleasant remembrances of . the days gone by, as well as the trying scenes which had r; through they passed together. Sister Smith made some very appropriate remarks appreciative of the good wishes and kind feelings of her friends who had honored her, and expressed her joy in the Gospel, her countenance beaming with delight and satisfaction she looked indeed beautiful with the crown of seventy years upon her head, and the spiritual development to which she has attained through a life of devotion and sacrifice for the good of others." The bless-in- gs pronounced upon her by the servants of God during the evening,' bore evidence of the high estimation in which she is. held and her purity of life and character. Her example is worthy of imitation by the daughters of Zion. .Refreshments consisting of many delicacies were served to the guests in a dainty fashion by the young ladies of the family, on small tables 'at which a few could be seated and chat jsociallyi. and time flew quickly as ever when old friends meet, and finally the party dispersed, with many congratulations and good wishes for the prosperity, health and happiness of 'the revered lady in whose honor they had assembled. ; -- WOMAN'S exponent: . 105 nearUelt testimonial of our be presentec to th,, be. femily. also placed theVecord upon of our 7 Publishcd irt the Woman's Expone! S , , MrsTM. W. Wilcox, President. Maggie Y. Taylor, , . ... E. J. Stevenson, -- ...... J . Counselors. ElminaS. Taylor, Secretary. d n6 RSES h AND ACCOUCHEURS. On Thursday evening, April 29, 1892, Dr. Ellis Sh,?P's class in Obstetrics and Nursing met at her residence, to enjoy a few hours socially after the winter's close application to study and mcir recent examinations which were passed sue cessiuiiy. A number of intimate friends met. them, our be . d - ' . juvea siSTfr. r,..ino"-- 1 .1 n fu v., . . rThe v..uvu.QuvuY uiuciy Luuuseis 10 me laaies just starting out upon theiY important1 labors of love and kindly ministration among the sick and . suffering of their own sex. luose wno passea successful examinations are Mrs. Lena H. Jenkenson, Mrs. Margaret Sharp, Miss Anna Hansen, Miss Hilda Forsburg, Salt Lake City; Mrs. ErrfUie Jensen, Newton, Cache County; Mrs. Ardell Allen, New Mexico; and Miss Lillie Darnall, Ogden. Dr. Shipp will open another class soon at N0.34 South 7th East St. . U. W. P. CLUB. The U. W. P. Club met at the Exponent parlor, March 31, 1892. Prayer by L. T. Freeze, minutes read and approved. First on the pro gramme, an original article entitled "Benefits of the Club," by M. A. Freeze, brought out many new points for consideration and improvement. Notes on the life and work of the author of The "Course of Time" RdbertlPq ; Richards. "Jean Vou . Jean" by Victor Hugo, of whom it has been said, "had he written nothing else would have made his name immortal," feelingly recited by C. L. Boyden. Miss G. L. Brown favored the JheExpONENTaddssincereicdngratulatioDSi club with very sweet piano "music. ' and may Sister Smith continue her labors of love' "NewspaperWomen" an interesting article by among the Saints as long as life, is desirable, the Di Vernon, a well known writer, was read by spirit of peace and love abide in her heart and in Gladys Woodmansee, and the subject freely dis her habitation forever. cussed by the members, thought it not necessary that one should understand ill the workings of the printing press to be a newspaper woman. RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. Literary ability both aatural and acquired the ' Died: At her late residence in the seventh nrpdnminnnt features. The manner in which women con ward of Salt Lake City, Sunday, April 17th 1892, some reporters write up society all of apoplexy, after an illness of five days, Mrs. sidered absurd, and to be frowned down by when such Jane C. Richardson, wife of the late Dr. Darwin truly sensible women, especially articles refer solely to personal charms, style of C. Richardson. dress, and the manner in which they serve their The deceased was born in Lisbon, New HampConsidered that intellectual attainments shire, Oct. 15th, 1S19. Arrived in this city Sept. dinners. 1 and noble traits of character should 26th 1847, the same year as the pioneers. Whereas our sister has beejOLtaken from us by "By special requestlCX Boyden recited the the remorseless hand of death, we feel that a picnnAr ftf Hnnrrv " the enthusiasm of the noble woman has fallen, we have lost an honored both their taste for this refining and loved friend,: and our Relief Society, of which audience evincing of the artist. she has been Treasu rer or the p astlt w e nty--t vva art and the superior ability we have a list of the The Pres. suggested that years, an efficient and faithful officer, and the poor members' and call the roll at each meeting, and a sympathetic,generous provider,therefore be that certain members be appointed to prepare who one for mourn we that, deeply articles for the next club meeting,and also thought was in. every way worthy of our love and highest each should have some article to emulate her it advisable that strive ever will we that regard; in readiness in case of delinquency of those on estimable qualities, and follow her noble and emthe programme, that our time might be well example. and that we mh't realize mutual benefit. ployed with the. condole Resolved that we sincerely ' was arranged for The following-prpgramn- le ; - S. Y. "Gates and Josephine Spencer, s. Song, Gladys Woodmansee. Humorous Recitation, C. L. Boyden. Bellamy's "Looking. Backward" to be reviewed by .the club. . G. L. Brown, C. C. R. Wells and LG. Richards to discuss the subject of the book. Benediction by M. A. Freeze. Pen-Name- , Refreshments served in till a late hour. "i" ill . 1 lLi The and-soci- chat-indulg- ed " J :zlz:i- U al E. R. Shut, Sec. ' U. W P. CLUB. W.P. Club met as per adjournment! -- April 30, 1S92, in the parlors of the Woman's Exponent. ... E. B. Wells presiding.; Prayer by Dr. R. B. Pratt. Minutes accepted as read. Letters of regret for were 'read from Woodmansee C. Louise and Gladys Boyden N. V. Davis read an original article on "Woman's Work," after which followed an animated "discussion of the subject by members of the .club.- i great Question resolving itself in the one idea,should remuneration for labor be based upon Intellectual culture and thought, or simple mechanical execution or a happy medium between the two namely, should a man receive the same fee for an hour's work at the anvil, as the surgeo0 for the length of time at the operating table? - An original poem read by Ruth M. Fox, ennon-attendan- ce .. titled The Capstone." An'article on "Nationalism" read by the author, C. C. R. Wells. : 1 Musical selection by Olea Shipp. Dainty refreshments were served, and the bene diction pronounced by Phebe C. Young. Programme For May. One half hour for business. Articles on "Woman's Work" by E. B. Wells and Phebe C. Young; "Pen Names'' by Susa Y. Gates and Josephine: Spencer ; N.V.Davis our Teachers Well Eduan article entitled cated." Dr. R; B; Prattj piano solo; Miss G. L. . . "Al Brown, original poem. Ellis R. Shipp, M. D. Sec. ORDER OF EXERCISES OF U. W. P. C. Opening Exercises Order of Business Prayer , , . . Unfinished Business, New Business. y f Discussion and Refreshments ... Adjournment r . . . . V . . Ltterart-Progra- m 7,30 P. M. 'jl! j- . . Q II Mr 9 P. M. 10 P M. ANNIVERSARY. SEVENTY-SECON- D -- -- ChihuahuaA Mexico, May 1st, 1892. Editor Woman's Exponent: Dear Sister Wells. Just two years ago this iu tuuiicwuu wiw very evening, yoursen other hundred about three precious and choice souls, met in the 14th Ward Assembly Hall, to celebrate the 70th anniversary of my mission here upon this to me, a New World; 'and in concert has: returned to God with our our Heavenly Father from whence we came, this I can say "inspiredly," loved-poetesswh- o i'For a whe and "glorious purpose Thou hast placed me here on earth, And withheld the recollection ' Of rny former friends and birth. T - it-Re- solved self-sacrifici- ng them for consolation, to one who doetn all mings for our good, and whose chastisements are ever in mercy; - on WoMiss N. V. Davis to prepare an article man's Work. 1 .' This is my 72nd anniversary, and in Old Mexico, far, far away, from loved ones; and now I riropose giving you a bfief sketch of how my 72nd birthday was disposed of, in he City of Chihuahua, Old Mexico, and also a discnption or this city and people, customs and mode of living, or in other words my 72nd birthday m Mexico. At 5 a. m. as the grayest light of morn . began faMLyia ca&t it& shadow arousdI-bgaai&&- -new born thanksgiving and adoration for so successful a voyage over the yearof-my-73rd,w- ith 