WOMAN'S mm EXPONENT. 133 .a 1 wonu is juiiicu aau jmKea in, all its several woman in regard property rights. Each should branches in one great whole, one almost "Polite Society" and a morocco bound Autobe allowed to perfect and own acquire circle; beginning in Illinois on the tanks of the property graphic Album were then preserved to the Pres. of or each in behalf of members of the club. Coneratulatorv as jointlyith suited it has other, Mississippi ses gpneWestward, into .the them best-a- nd in that event there should be no of the Rocky Mountains, and South. West speeches were made, and poems read by each of dower. nght member present, expressive of tender love .and to the Sandwich Islands, and from thence to The woman who performed the same kind and affectiSn and true appreciation of the one each Samoa, and across the continent'thence East of work that a man did, should receive desired to quality honor which were responded to, in to the' kingdoms of. v Europe, taking in therefore the same or wages pay. If a womanas fitting worcjs of thanks-sayinto those who all Great Britain and Holland, the countries of Scanschool teacher,, clerk, accountant or cook exvie seemed to with , each other to pay honor dinavia, Germany and Switzerland to Asia Minor, celled a man in those same where honor is due, VDo not over estimate occupations, she extending Southward to Australia, Tasmania and should receive me, and it is superior a but love rule pay, me all for poor love will Zealand. New you will, yet rule the that did not work both " This world." ways. Society everywhere observes the same He thought the women were Delicious refreshments were served and social making a mistake uniformity of purpose and practises the same be in asking too much at once-- not that they should chat indulged in till a late hour when all bade nevolence, extends the same genial sympathy to not that belonged to.them, or of right adieu wishing our Pres. haveyall the "needy, the sick and suffering, whether the many happy returns of they shouldhnvt, but, there were so many things her birthday even sixteen more. One loving language spoken is the English, French, German, embraced in the woman's right movement that friend remarked "No wonder VAunt Km'' remains Hawiiari or whatever tongue is used, or whether seemed formidable to many, very many mrn, and so young when she only has a birthday once in the climate in which the sisters reside is hot, or also objectionable to them,' hat opposition to the four at this rate she canc live to be a .years cold, the same influence directs their works and whole movement was the result. If the women centenarian let's hope that she may." ' their labors, for they are all partakers of the same woud confine their eftos-t- o woraan-sufiW, ETltrSniPi.Sec- rSpirfrwhicfilhe""GospeI pi "Jesus Christ brings'to and untilThey got itrtheyw6TxTdTiav 7 all who embrace it with honest hearts and with power in their hands to further contend for and pure motives, That this Jubilee celebration will claim theirpriyilegesr . ..A LOVING TRIBUTE. more firmly and closely unite the hearts of the There was no serious objection to' their possisters there can be no possible doubt. sessing the. elective, franchise, but most men reJuarez, Feb. 18, 1892. Te celebrate this occasion on the same day all coiled at the Dear of Sister their Wells: thought wives, daughters, over the world wherever there are branches of mothers and sisters becoming policemen, sheriffs, along the "Shareware a Society whether large or small is an event of constables, jurors or soldiers Woman suffrage being hidden from our view by the shadow that peculiar significance, and one almost unheard of would meet with less opposition from men and lies over the River, one by one our pillars of help in the annals of history. To be sure" there have women too, if it were shorn of these concomi and strength are taken from us, one by 'one God's been great gatherings in different lands when wotants, and was presented in its more simple light. acre gathers them in and one by one the ranmen: delegates from other countries have met for somed of the Lord are called home to the Father's Congress is not the power to which the women some given purpose, but when has a day been set should look for emancipation, but the govern mansions, dear Aunt. Prcsendia, must-wlearn to ' apart and observed in so many cities, towns and ments of the States themselves, as the State gov live without her too? Faithfully and ' true has countries, and on both hemispheres and the ernments had jurisdiction over the questions of she finished her mortal labors, but her words of islands of the sea? When has there been a unisuffrage. counsel, of comfort and blessing will live in the versal prayer offered by the women of any'society He thought the women should organize their hearts Of the hundreds she has helped to .pass in all lands at once?. Such an event has not tranforces, and begin systematic attacks upon one or through hours of trial and darkness. No words spired in this age of the world, that there, is any more of the states, or upon all of them at once, of praise for her are needed, her life and works . record of. A solemn yet joyful occasion. It por aiming first and all the time at obtaining the elec- - are before the people, since the earliest days of -tends more Jhan we know The dayoLwoman's therhurchrher ftuthphef hope; hW were " emancipation is at hand, already thVdawn is be get it," then they will have the power in their own for the triumph of God's Kingdom.' Who ever hands to make themselves heard and heeded, and sought a blessing at her hands in vain, when did ing heralded. And while woman waits the signal ' - she-ev- er of victory,; QJa JggLiEaL g'hViows Inhqmjii.tr: .may .gojon-l- o perfection neglect a 'duty, nor even rTOTIy pain and and prayer for the divine blessing, the inspiration The women of Utah once enjoyed the elective suiienng stayed her work ofblessing her sisters that only conies through the Holy Spirit, .. franchise, and they used it wisely, and it was an in Zion. Once I said to her "How often I have ,:. outrage that it was stricken from them, and he seen your hands laid upon others to bless them, but how seldom have I seen this done for you, do hoped the day would soon ..come when it should SPEECH OF PRES. JOS. F, SMITH, be restored to them, and if Utah ever becomes a you never feel weak and in heed of a blessing?" State, one of the first enactments her Legislature she looked at me with one of her pleasant smiles Brief synopsis of remarks by Pres. Joseph F. should pass.should bean act restoring the suffrage and answered, "In blessing others I am blessed to woman and making her equal to her husband Lhave provedlhis promiseof Jesus to be true." Smith, at a meeting in this Gity recently.1 in she haseen to me and mine words can to What and bold her and acquire, right manage her He stated that he. rame to the meeting bv in- never tell, she came to us in a sad hour of sorrow own property. vilation , not Wnnwinfr th obiect thereofr but was j long years ago, and ever since has been a true informed that ;the meeting was called in the inunchanging friend and mother. May the memory terests of woman suffrage. He was in favor of U. W. P. CLUB. of her counsel and example still bear fruit in woman suffrage; and that women should enjoy all Zion. Peace and rest to her weary body. until the the privileges and rights that the men enjoyed,, Meeting of the U. W. P. Club at the resurrection morn. but he was not so ardehtiadvoeat forewomen-t- c .Parlors ofJheW Glory and honor and joy be thine for ever 27th, 1802. Pres. E. B. Wells in the chair. fill every and all of the. offices which men filled, more. Dear Aunt Presendia. as some others might be. He was not only willOpened with prayer ,by Mrs. Phefce C. Young. S, E. R. Minutes read and accepted. Eight new names ing however, but desired that woman should bewere then unanimously sustained as members. come eligible to such offices as she was fitted by Y. L. M. L A , AND P. A.. nature and ability to fill. He thought there were There were interesting letters of correspondence exL. L. Dalton from and Ellen Jakemah ; some offices in civil governmentto which woman. lead REPORTS. in the the work of interest' ina club, press:ng deep . was not suited bynatufe, and no amount of for and " KET BEAR LAK regrets telligence t would adapt her thereto, for there comthe been laws arranged by By. having seemed to be offices requiring physical endurance Report of the Relief Society Conference of them as to a read mittee the secretary proceeded Bear Lake Stake held in the Stake Tabernacle and exposures, exertions and strength and other this but in , then whole and .business, sections, at Pari, Nov. 27th, 1891; Prei Julia P. qualities, for which men were better fitted physic-was whole the consume to evening, the promising ml we coma Lindsay presiding. Singing, ally and mentally, than women. He .wanted V. N. riame the Davis of with the table laid be to before now." thee upon etc. woman men to hold such offices, and the Prayer by Pre.. Win. ' 7 revision. for committee the to added as those who Would be "Let Budge. Singing, promoted to such other positions and callings, some of of the r saints indeed." According to would better suit her physical conditions and birthform a of the took then the Pres. Julia P. Lindsay' addressed the meeting mental qualifications, and yet would place her on ladies members The not President. our to Conference and said the Lord has said that civil and day greeting an equality with man as to political, where a few are assembled, in His name He " wishing to usurp the rights of those more closely moral rights. offerthen by Of will be there to bless them, and He "will, do so He thought woman should not be deprived of allied in ties kinship anticipated the now. 7 ing congratulations upon the 27th instead of the power to acquire and hold property in ber own Soma branches of the Relief-- Society were the natal day of our.sister and dear friend and right, but should be placed on a par with man in 29th President. represented as follows, Paris first and second this regard.. There was no reason why there wards, Bloomington, Fish Haven, Ovid, An Illustrated volume o Geo. Elliot's poems should be any discrimination between man and , mdc-pendent- ly fast-nes- : . g , . e- . that-alcra- e 7 hts . e , . pfars " - ; -- . It -- GI non-attendan- "L ' - pre-arrangem- ."' 