WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Jubilee reports of the Relief Society, also spoke of the KxroxKXT and hoped more would subscribe for it. Said, "These so- cities are good schools for us. The jubilee was a great thing for us all, showing the in- terest of thesistcrs inthe vvorkr It is desired that the Temple should be finislred this year and it .requires our niite in this. This is a great w ork and we cannot do too much good for the futherance thereof. We should teach the children while they are young, mid be diligent in order to gain the smiles' and approbation of our Heavenly Father. The more good we do here the greater will be our reward hereafter.. Counselor Marilla Daniels said: "We have a great mission to perform,, and Ave cannot do so without the aid of the Lord.. 3 We have to"seek- him in our closets, for that is the way to obtain his spirit to guide us. We may expect trials to prove us and they the foundations, no antagonism between men and women. "The men of Wyoming were as desirous 'for us to attend the convention as the women," said Mrs. Cora G. n, of Hilliard, Uinta Co. "It is the funniest thing in the world - to come east and notice of sex. We should never know in public life that there was such a difference. For twenty years Wyoming has enjoyed woman suffrage, and the women have voted as naturally as they have, fulfilei; any of the duties of life. There is never, anything .disagreeable! connected with going to the polls. The right is exercised freely, as a matter of course. Did you ad ded she, 1 ' that there are in en in kno my State ranging from twenty to seventy Car-leto- . the-classificati- yearin-age,-Avhhaviiig:li- . ty-on- ' . s' Grave. ' ' ' Louisa Taylor knew, this was the true Work. Spoke of her early days and the blessings ot the Rebel Society; Sarah Rob-- . -- erts;ivas'thankfiil ttTbe a hembeF oT the Church and hoped- - to he able to' keep the commandments of G od; " Presuleiit Johnson said "our time had been well spent we would meet again m the aitemoon. Singing "May we who know the joyful sound. ' ' Bc?iedictio?i pronounced by Elder - hope it ''-will be for Harrison." ' Mrs. Theresa A. Jenkins, of Cheyenne, who was greeted with cheers at the stations all along the route, is reported as saying: ' 'I am for Harrison. It was the Harrison administration that made us a Stafe, and therefore we Wyoming women are loyal to the Presidents. I .have no vote in the convention. I am here onlv bv theoourtesv of the State, and by the withdrawal of one countv delegate. Although T do nnt Krivn .. : ' organized. - 1 7 - " .. Louisa Taylor, Secretary. , JUr., l)n. E. S. Uauney. 1802. "DI VEHNON" MAKES A HIT. : A niemljer-f)- f " " thelmnjca'zlws- -- Ver-ntu- .. -- ne-at-DT- iee." - - ma-rifiee- . ' . -- , i At other times durngheJastJfewrycaw Keith .Lhza-- B. -- iuuip willaiajuOCKJ 1 SfliU you ail extract which I trutt please you 111 ifinvc uie ivojiANS. LXPONEM. wiih to remark u .taaid tl.at in rorcsent-- ' e .1 ladies as Eetlemtn. Si XZZZ X -- of America. ke , nm' t J g, W T J-ha- -- of June - -- uaiwiiig'ToMid . - v neapohs were naturally the obser-eof all observers. They seem to'? have borne the observation Mentrprn .various parts ui xne country nave expressed, 111 a manner L. D, S; COLLEGE EXERCISES. at once pleasant and amusintr. their mirnrko to find these Wyoming women very much visited the LatUr day Sakti to onier women, iie hear theiosiuirlexerciserr-ri- f t h i .College . 5 ami amiali "unsexed" in any way '.by 'the exercise of irqm the sublime address delivered by one of suffrage. The ladies 'have, of course, been repeatedly questioned as to the working of woman suffrage in Wyoming, and have had to ex1 Q errant plain over and over that. nr " position can tempt a .woman her political principles. JI am "for Ilarrisou-firstlast and all the time. Mrs. Harrison believes in woman suffracre and is loval to. :allAvomenrand she "just;tTrewvomaii we want in the White House.!!- -- . -- e4,-lady-li- "Theology, civil government, qaestious in sociology, all of vast practical moment, are under investigation as "'unsolved problems. In this search for new truth and readjustment of human .relations', woman comes to the front and is an important factor. Woman's clubs are a great educator and developer of woman's powers for the new position they are, called to occupy. They inspiie high aims, broader in-- , formation, teajch women to tliink and to express thought clearly on paper, or in extemporaneous addresses. They are teachers in parlia-- , inentary usage; they are schools for post gradua?es,and they help women to know them- elves and their own capabilities." - -- : The women Who were present as alter- nates at the Republican con ventioir nt good-lookin- -p- n WOMEN AT MINNEAPOLIS. d "Mrs. Charlotte Emerson Brown in her biennial address, outlines the work-a- nd rogress of the last two years. She said there is no longer any doubt as to the wisdom "of "this movement. Our movement i3 a necessary part uf-4 -he ny w - civil iza ttoirr X) irrs" i sa n age of intt hect and of critical investigation I Every question is being anal) zed and resolved into its elements .. The axe is at the roof nf pvprv . ' : shines that of man." the-preventio- n . t n's - -- 1 I might, be able to shape public opinion to some extent, have tried to influence me- but they have found that neither monev nor . Afternoon services .were similar to the inonimg meeting. The stake presidency spoice ot tne good we could do to the sick ana tne biessings we were eniovim Pres ident Johnson and Counselors Ellison and and Mary Dodds Gourley with some more . . r uur ui ojemren ana sisters gave good and timely advice. The necessity for a suffrage association was discussed at some length but as Sister Bullock did no come we were not 1 a vote, vet manvnf t1iff'imnnc wiVr i1Wo fe;eling that by'the uniqueness ofYlie position -- t . imcn: t&oxumb ored place. u She has shown that she is .as competent of .moulding the plastic raind of the'ehihl, as are the members of the sterner sex, nay, even more competent. In tkU college, at least, she loug ago dissipated that fallacious claim-of-maintellectual superiority over woman; fur she has indisputably proven thar?uuder the same school conditions, her intellectuality out- onr Pacific Coast Women's Press Association, Eliza D. Keith, who writes Letter over th Ant4ionyr-presMeii'Missusafl o111ie; name of has pen "Bi; Vernou," . . HT just scored- - a VV iationai American S. A., was granted journalistic triumph over no less a a hearing before the committee on resolutions. than the Illustrated American. If periodical "Bi " She presented the memorial published in anhas a hobby, it is American patriotism, other column, and spoke earnestlv for the and of cruelty to animals. adoption of a woman .suffrage plank: A Beginning with a Fourth ot July article, number of memorials asking for a suffrage lfeOO, he published a glowing article in the pianK were presented to the coinmittee on News Letterin whici occur these words: "It tlhaI-dowthe flag from the mast- -' sJrt;? resolutions, and were wTidelv circulated bv the nrcg, heal; it is treason to degrade ifcjn the esti' : mation of a child." In February 1891; she A..S. B. aked: "hall the flag of our country be deWoman's Journal. based by bearing upon its fair surface an advertising device? If there be no law fa The National Editorial Association iit.iu JJtJfcjUig have In Septemir, 189J, she delivered a recent annual meeting in San Francisco, decided henceforth to exclude from address before the. WomenVPress-' Assocmtron at Union Square Hall. The per- ship all 'class' Press Associations. This oration was a grand patriotic outburst, rules out all the Women 's Press As win H calling If a society composed exclusivel v of wnrnmi upon Congress to protect theTlag from the adfiend. This was published in the is'a "class' ' association, a society composed vertising iiw r raiicisco, anu in the exclusively of men is equally so. To be AT'"'v it a widespread consistent, the National Editorial Associgivg m.niih.i.n Journalist, Ti ft 1113 ation ought to exclude "all State Press As- - cuuujauuu. j ufioreps also contained an ofr"Bi Wrnon's" exposition tua mtr sociatIOIls do iipt adinit women to mem organizatiom of the ;Order oi the American Ex. .Hag,... a patriotic legion, among the children : vvm. -- wlLcasyXC e -- s ve ritory all their Jives, never voted for a President? Vet all of the women who are twen - ference between' the circumstances of the saints now and those of the earlv davs. Spoke of the 'work in the Temples, training . of our children, attending to the sick, cultivating faith in our children. In the days of rsavuoo she said: ilie Prophet desired the sisters to pay one cent a week to help build the Temple; the people were very anxious to nave a i empie in tnat day, and we should be just as anxious now, It-i- just as essen- tial for us to work for the dead as for the liv- me:, for we cannot be saved without them.- Let us do all we can while .we arejiere so when we depart we wiirbemissed. I he bishop and several of thebrethreii met with us and gave some trood and "timely advice. Emma-Jenkinsang the "Unknown - . her capacity of entering the ranks of the teachers' profession, and tkeping there an hon- I (Di Vernon) has made r appeals to arouse thepatrtotie sentiment.: Iniagme htrurprise, taTvihurTa copy of the Illustrated American in April, 1895, to. hud aseli laudatory editorial, io which the paper eongratulatecl itself that the crusade which U had u,auurated againstthe flag advertis. a rn IJM' Il l IT t """" CWuaUhe sim-lia- ! !S lhc st. 1 , A . a mmmUMB Bote, that .uting nt 