: Vol.. ' TJicIZlghis oflhlTWomm SAIf 21." " ofJZiony and 'the Rights of he Women of all Nations. LAKE CITY, UTAH, AUGUST i, 1S92. A 4tcoi til Israel to a ''promised Wonderful Mary E. T. Grifleth In Rural England A Story. Notes and News. R. S. Meetings. ExReport. Ladies tract From Letter Helena Madsen. Food For Jhoaght Zion's Convert. Prehistoric Man s in America. InformationrWantecl. Editorial: Pioneer Day. An Tea Party. An Interesting Journey Elizabeth Howard. A Lovely Woman Passed Away Minna V. Lewis., In Memoriam Hattie A. Woolley. Poetry: The Ruline Passion VarnerSnoaiL The'PIoneers :EiTen JaFeman. The'OHTTanoL. M. Hewlings. And their great Moses name Paused in this desert; with uplifted hand Invoked God's bltssing on the faithful band. came, Old-Fashion- Out-cas- their friend and prophet "despoiled, t, slain, Paused in this desert but God's answer came t petition in bright showers of rain, The promised fruitage of another year, rainbow in eacrTcrystaTtear . -- .'medincea' 3- - small stream coming from a canyon of that name, we came upon quite a cluster of houses, two ures and a rock meeting house near completion. Passing another succession of farms we climb the divide and come upon the top of a. mountain," (the natives" call it a hill) over looking Gentile Valley; it is a splendid view, homes in the nooks and on the hill sides, with the wide sluggish river winding its way through and passing out between ... the mountains. To-tha- . THE RULING PASSION. : They came from Nauvoo's .battered walls they -- - -- Bngham Young his Semi-Month- ly 1 land;" No. ine - noriii-efKt-0teiitueziiiy- iris- : , - in plateau or table land as yet uninhabited; here we saw a great curosity, known as Truths planted freedom's ensign on the peaks; the Ice Cave. To all appearances the 'Faith, struck the plow deep in the desert's dust country is level, but turning some distance Love, nerved the arrnjo labor and be strong. from the main road, to the right, we came God's promises, kept bright their holy trust; Peace irr their souls made patience sweet and upon a large basin, with walls of black "volcanic rock, we descended this, cross to strong, an opening on the east side, then descended Good will to man, moved all their hearts to song. still farther and find ourselves in a huge borne had for Because His sake, they tunnel with arched roof and a smooth floor reproach, ' over Nature's rich bosom thrilling covered with ice; as other tourists had flowed; ' -r the honey.-windesert's waste,broken off some of the ice we took some out Milk, replaced little sowed where abundance into the daylight and found cit to be pure they They reaped Birds sang in rapture; where the gaunl wolf genuine ice, we went on until it seemed as .. stood though we could see the, end, but a young Was a fair city and a pleasant wood. man traveling with us, a resident of Gentile .told us there wTas an opening d mountains - yielded up thtir Valley, The through which the daring could pass, that scores it-wa- t Some sing the praises of Love's young dream, When things,, which are and the things which seem, Glide as one down youth's golden stream, And the song birds wake us early; When oneJs hearti fresh with the morning dewy WThen hopes are many and cares are few, When Life is flushed with a rosy hue, And one's hair is crisp and curly.. j Some say 'lis sweetest when love comes the stings of grief and the thorns of fate, The weary battle with grief and hate, Make Life'rgreatgood the stronger, The Iudian Summer in regal dyes late,-Whe- "Closetothehearrof the :"sunset "skies"!7!! The last glad smiles of the year we prize, And wish each moment longer.7 But ah! there only remains the truth, That Love is Love be it age or youth; That Love is Love and in every sooth e. : rock-ribbe- cameLCrutinto Of salt and silver, coppf Tf gold tind coal, After coming out of the cave we drove to the opening, distant about half a mile, found that opposite this opening is another going into the hill. We have since been told that it opens into a succession of caves the end of which has not been explored yet. Some of those pioneers with us remain Our theory, but it may not be correct, is Made strong by truth for truth and life are that the snow drifts into the basin and meltone. ing runs into the cave, and the depth of the They see fair Temples lift their sacred walls, cave and cold air that passes through keeps The pure unselfish work'of love begun. it in that condition, as the walls appear to And earth has everything to give and lend, To those who made the God of Hosts their be perfectly dry, we forgot to- - enquire whether there was ice' in the further cave or friend. not. Farther on we came to a fissure from Like her who travailed in the wilderness, two to six feet wide extending quite a disGreat were the issues born of toil and pain; tance; either, our timidity or eye sight preAs those sad Moors, who fair Grenada left vented us from seeing the bottom, we saw hold the their to beloved Spain. keys They some bones on a ledge some distance down. And back again, led by the hand of God After crossing the river we go in an Their children's feet shall press Missouri's sod. easterly direction, passing Soda Point, Ellen Jakemanv Soda Point is the point or end of a mountain whose" top, I should judge, is many miles above the ocean. It descends almost perpendicular to the river, it is an immense WONDERLAND, pile of rock, but in every crevice is a pine tree. It is grand in appearance. The opHaving business tit Soda "we decided to posite side is perpendicular and also consists make a pleasure trip out of it; I have heard of rock, in fact the country formiles Is a of the wonders of Soda Springs for years bed of blackrporous lookingrbck. and thought I knew all about them, but one The railroad track makes a curve here must see to fully comprehend how truly after passing through Soda turning north , wonderful they are. it must be a bleak 'windy locality for there Cache Valley behind. we climbed is a long stretch of snow sheds and fences leaving; the hills to Mink Creek; Mink Creek is a to break the drifts. After passing the point succession of farms in every' habitable spot the soil is very barren there being but little along the banks of the creek, it is a beautivegetation. ful country' to one that is fond of the picturWe had. had a description of the steam for at bend road the we of boat spring yet it was a surprise, instead of every esque., come unexpectedly- - (for "thejast seemed to irom a elm. as we Supposed, it And craftsmen came fr m every land and qlime; Fair wisdam purely filled her golden bowl; Bright water gushed from earth in living rills, Their cattle sleek, fed on a thousand hills. '" -- Warner Snoad. The Woman's Tribune. THE PIONEERS. - trackless wilderness, a dreary waste Of dead gray valleys, and dark arid peaks; A voiceless solitude, whose inland sea Moves to no tidesy but level lying, speaks Decay accQmplisJhed;passionless despair; Sightless, emotionless, deep silence everywhere. Deep silence; save for howl of famished wclf, d to slake hs burning thirst, That came, Where but a threofwat.ejsUentslipt. "Between high banks that bent like things ac- ..." curst 'v. : Doomed to look ever; though it never, sips, jDy ing of thirst, deep dust upon the lips. red-eye- ; No bright bird's wing stirs all the pulseless air; No cloud of promise dots the brazen sky; No flowers lift their faces from the earth ; The sunbeams fall upon the ground to die. All is as void, and of as little worth, As when.God's YoiceJfrGm. chaos called the earth. v , A human sound the silence breaks, Down through a mountain pass they fainting But hark! ' ; Of every soul he's master. For Love is Love come he soon or late, And Love alone js the Lord of fate, Deride him chide him the god is great And he heeds nor Priest nor Pastor. A . " -- : bealilonerffiiid past which sparkles, ripples and roars the beautiful, clear, cold stream. Be- home-stea- d -i- We-ainiiiigH the brink of the river whose banks here are low. s , 