10 patient and noble women toilers; doing their full share of. the. world's work, that are scarcely thought of or noticed and yet it is the result of their labors that brings about much of the comfort enjoyed by the rest, in fact the world could not get along without them;' and it should be remembered that it ' is the men and women that often reach the highest mark. It is part of woman's w ork to le an angel of mercy to the sick and suffering.and oh let her not fbrgelJLshi and erring ones, there is no need to preach purity to the pure, cleanliness to the clean. No need to bring water to the springs and fountains and pleasant places; but strive io enrich the barren and thirsty land; those that see do not need their eyes to be opened for it is the blind that would rejoice in the light of day, could they. behold' is not those that walk in pleasant paths with roses beneath their feet that need the rough places to be smoothed down and the briers and obstructions to bejjiQxsSmm4Mr:limi --I;Hs TiohxrwliT)t(Tlhat need a physician , hut the sick and suffering, therefore is it the peculiar work of woman to seek out the weak and erring ones, especially the yourig and pliable; who have perhaps erred through the heart's best affections or what would have been if properly directed. Let them not Ixi cast out to pursue the downward road, but deal with them in mercy, lead them back to the paths of virtue and honor if possible and teach them a better way, for ' : "" " --as the; Foe t ex presses' i t, BY-LAW- UTAH WOMAN'S PRESS CLUB. i self-educate- d, self-sustainin- g interested in the cause. AVe urged upon them the necessity of taking the Woman's ExrONENT also the Woman's Tribune as an incentive to woman's progressive powers; as of her becoming a factor in the- political The well as the social arena of life. speakers referred to the progress that was being' made in nearly every hamlet and village in the civilized world and that we must notllowlmrs rear, but keep wide awake to every, specia S. , Art i cue I. A regular meeting" of the club P.ir shall be field at the Exponent parlor on the last da v of each month; unless the date or s (piace of meeting be changed by a vote of the members present at any regular two-third- -- refonn-which-aims- - Ta meeting-. . i 'I siowiy dui sieauny trying io Par. 2. The October meeting of each race, we arewomen the necessitr of identannual meeting. At this impress upon year shall e themselves with our cause, which we meeting officers shall be elected' for the en- ifying know will finally triumph, because it is the suing year. .... cause of right. II. Article Yours in the Gospel, - A . Boye r . : ,. Sarah Par. r . Applications for membership must be presented in writing. 7 After the June 22, 1892. . approval of the credential committee the ap-plicant may be received by a majority vote s. L. county v s. A. fee of the members present. Membership CTelIke-olinty:WVSr-A- : 'met 2ls"T per adjournment on June 21 st, 192. PresiArticlic. III. dent Elizabeth Howard in "the chair. Open- Par. 1. Annual dues shall be one dollar ed by singing, "A search for freedom." payable in October and become delinquent Prayer by Maria M. Holt, and singing "Oh sixty days after the annual meeting. come, come away." Several new members .:, Par. 2. No member whose dues are not were voted in. , Minutes of the last meeting were read and approved, and roll called. A paid, shall be entitled to vote. Par. 3. Ever' appointee of the regular call for agents representing the Association in the different wards, was responded to by programme who fail? to fujfil the part ascents. Mar' P. Silver, of the 19th Ward, Emma signed her shall be fined twenty-fiv- e Par. 4. Every member present orrab-- I Finch of the 20th, E. M. Price of the 15th; 77 sent except honorary, shall be taxed, ten and Eliza Barton of the 21st wards each jriv- cents per month to pay for refreshments. ing reports of their labors. Dr. Elvira S. O h wa s it s po k en Barney also reported having held meetings Article IV. Qo ye forth. Heal the sick, lift the low, bind the in several wards, appointed agents, sold broken! Par. 1. Honorary members, the number books, received subscriptions for suffrage Of the body alone. Is our mission then done. not to exceed five, may be elected by unani- papers, etc. Mrs. Price suggested a train.When we leave the bruised hearts, if we bind the mous vote of the club. j - ing class in politics, that we might improve " bruised bone?" jourtime to. better, advantage - than- - merely T Article V. This- Members may bring friends" to meeting, meeting together and vtalking upon those 7, women are needed to by paying ten cents for each brave, ,no one --subjects. one, f President Howard favored Mrs. Price's work as reformers, to assist in solving some visitor however shall be allowed to attend idea of a training class, and requested her to of these social problems that agitate the more-tha- n three the meetings during year. minds of thinking men and women today-onstudy it up; gave a report of her visit to XI Articlic San Juan, and read some questions which Quorum. thing is certain, if every woman was standing in her proper place and doing her officer together with three we were required to answer for use at the proper portion of the world's work there regular members shall constitute a quorum World's Fair, concerning women's work, would be no social problems to solve. and thought that if the Relief Society in all to do business at any regular meeting. - But this is not soyand confusron "prevails its branches were properly represented, it Article: VII.' and many wrongs there are to be set would make a grand showing; announced right All should work for tlnVend and that the Association would go to Calder's meetings shall be conducted in acnot be discouraged because these cordance with parliamentary law. The Park on the 1st of July, taking their picnic, things can not be accomplished in a day. The w;orld Woman's Manual of Parliamentary Law, and asked them all to bring their friends. has been going wrong for ages in this Miss Maud Pratt was unanimously susby Harriette R. Shattuck shall be authorand how long it will take to' tained as suffrage agent of the 1 7U1 Ward, put ity. do we not know. Bye and bye also pleased the audience very much by her things right Article VIII. the cry, will go forth to the watchers what fine singing, accompanying herself on the The of the Night? And the answer will be be amended at may any organ. After which ElizabathIc'Farkme The .Morning, breaks. The dnv rnm.ti,' regular meeting by a two thirds majority-vot- rend me'interesting descriptions 'of of members present. amrttay ol emancipation from oppression-thwomen's work, intended for exhibition at day of freedom- and equality of Human the World's Fair. M. E. Bassett -agent for Rights. the 2nd Ward, read some extracts aud made And Will man stand there to be W. S. A. REPORTS. r. C. C.' crowned and-DR. remarks, Wells E. S' with the victor's wreath alone? No! Woof soni Barney gave their views concerning man will be by his side, Jiis counselorthe and statusof woman suffrage at present woman, and meeting Tlellow laborer, and in that day she. will re .mapleton. was adjourned until, the third Tuesday in ceive her full reward in justice for all her Mrs. E. B. Wells: the at same time July, Singing 1 a "New few America." lines from thought Benediction the little villa blessed for the burdens she has borne' by E. M. and Price. Eastof Springville gamely Alapletouyould she will see the- - result .: nf r,;i n to some ot your m a uuerest .will nyoieethrU woman has dived -- and! 4 In yi AVeu, Secretary. nyi readers with company Mrs. Mad-semyself, n HUIKeil. Hall, and Hayward visited the Woman Suf Miss Autiiony attended the Republican, frage dissociation ot the above named rl Democratic and People's Party convenby invitation, and found n A tions. lanrelv rn attetiiW There were eighteen members J London Woman's Herald .The iiiujj Ail LI 11 lij and present the publishes interests, of woman all enthusiastic m the cause of . three hundrt r.,1 suffrage wis held in s woman, and vmana Ol tiie we were informed that if convention auqng People's and. addresses were made Party ParihmentSe andi'dates now in Uie ld for have been m the pvpm'n by Mrs. Clara B. . Colby, Rev. Anna-Hwould have turned out, as the were Shaw and Miss Ali much mony. A. JI1-- A- be-th- . . :., v, it;-'-- it -- . " I - .. . , - true-hearte- d . - -- e - An-presidi- ng . . 1 , . ' ' ami-wom- en respect; " by-la- ws - e e - -- - . arid-pla- ce. can . " Li M.v-uVVilame- 