EXPONENT. WOMAN'S CO Sir Edward and his mother came out and the boy's happiness was almost sliattered, but his mother besought him not to break XXV. The preparations for the wedding of ;the heart of one so tender and loving as Ladv Anna Milliard were very different Anna because of the bitter past, and his and much more elaborate than those of her better nature prevailed, and the young man cousin's marriage had been,on a far grander determined to be true to his manly instincts had crtif nun indeed every detail connecieu and let the past alone. Lordto Walton such violent rlf so much consequence fallowed himself to give .way. " that it was hot only a nine 'days wonder "fits of auger, that like the man he affected to despise Jus constitution was iiKeiy to iUUim irrtiT" itipltinlfiorO UUl UU IUC 1U17 well as the masters and give way,Uurtd prostrate himself or be- Hip. cprrnnk n mistresses scarcely talked of. anything else. come insane with pride and jealousy. between Sir. Unknown to his wife he had been living All the old stories of the feud " had been life his and reiterated a very fast money Edward and Lord Walton were and amply enlarged upon and the love affair drifting away from him rapidly, this preyed in wli rh T.,idv Walton had figured con- - upon his mind too, and he was attacked with sudden illness which developed brain fever, spicuously was not left out of any conver sation upon the subiect, and the young heir and iust when the marriage was to have Clnirville Milliard was served up with his taken place Lord Walton was lying helpless condition. At times gipsy mother, and all the slanderous reports and unconscious of his he talked and raved of- the past, and ' the; that had been circulated at.uiat.penod the doings at the Castle- physicians in attendance not knowing the Happily for Lady Anna these reports did cause of his sickness or that there was any not reach her, she was so lar removed Irom "method in his madness," wTished his wife the gossip of these newsmongers but Mrs. to be constantly at his bedside, whereas Bland was not so fortunate and she became she knew through the old faithful nurse quite weary of the repetition of these idle who had been with them from the time of tales and of disputing many of the slanders her marriage, that he wTas always more that were brought to her in confidence by .rational when she was absent. meddlers and people who really wanted.) It was a trying time indeed for Lady "onlv to know the truth '' according to Walton, but she kept up bravely and one their own statement. Mrs. Bland knew looking on could not have guessed the sorhowever that these gossipers were only row that had entered into her soul. Some coming for more news to retail, - but she weeks of wTatching and nursing and weary generally gave them a plain lesson upon waiting and a slight change for the better matters and sent them away- - with the im gave them hope of recovery. The invalid pression that, "it was none of their affair." restored once more to his senses inquired Mrs. Bland's influence even in this res about the contemplated union and learning pect was salutary, and things quieted it had been delayed in consequence of his down considerably, though Lord Walton did serious illness, begged them to wait no not escape a quarrel or two with his friends, longer butlet the ceremony be performed, and her virt ues7her;exe (sucn tney caned tnemseives; aoout young as it seemed to oe ms positively exi exhaustible resources of mind under all cir- Walton's anticipated union with the daughwish it was decided that the young people cumstances to which the homage of her ter of Sir Edward who had made himself so should be married without further delay. subjects were most due, and when on the obnoxious in the vicinity ,jnot withstanding As the ceremony was to be performed ,at ndeath of her ' 'his tftlejarj the- - Castleand all the festivities were1 to 1 1 on the tli of Deeember-- i daughter," as they sneeringly alluded to take place there, it wfould not interefere proclaimed Queen of Castile there was re- - the marriage. with Lord Walton who wras not even able joicing throughout her realm. Isabella Each time Lord Walton met with sneers to drive over in a carriage. Rob Harrison now occupied the highest position which it and ridicule he vented- his. spleen at home came from London to give away thebride, was possible for a woman to attain; not and his wife and son both grew very tired and the Bishop was to officiate on this only fulfilling all her duties as wife of his perpetual interference. Sometimes occasion assisted by the young rector but maintaining her dignity as a he was actually brutal and once or twice grand who had married the Doctor and. Janet Consovereign Ruler, As an impartial adminisstruck his son, who threatened :in turn to way. Quite a number of Maitland's rela- -' trator of justice Isabella stands unrivaled; be revenged upon the men" who had enraged tives were to be present, uncles,- aunts and in no case do we find her making a distinchis father if he could only ascertain who cousins and most of Sir Edward's relatives," tion between prince or peasant. Her charity were. Lady Walton though suffering though they cared nothing for Anua, yet was unbounded and although desiring to they keenly through it all, wore a smiling face the grandeur of the event wras sufficient in increase the glory and add to the conquests and sought to conciliate her husband by all itself to bring them hundreds of miles to., of Spain, she was the first to try to alleviate the means in her po wer. - ,Kiually he declar- --witness the ' riramage aiid"" ehioy ' the cele- - the horrors of war both ' hy providing for ed on one occasion that he could not and bration and ; banquet. the comfort of the sick and wounded, she would not remain in The housekeeper was very consequent al England and suffer herself superintending the erection of tents such indignities, he would go over to the and resented the coming of those people who for the suffering, but also in showing mercv continent, until the marriage ceremony was had behaved so badly at the time of Sir to the conquered; inspiring the hearts of the over and the gossip had died out.. Lady Edward's funeral. She declared she would soldiers with courage, and fillingthe hearts Walton did not remonstrate, for she felt not have them in the house, but after much of her. people with love. what a relief it would be to them all; he persuasion from both Clair and Anna But Isabella was destined to play another was so at her seeming indifference she reluctantly consented to holdLady annoyed her peace. part in" the"world's history?ohe that would .thathe swore she- - should not be so much Everything was on the most magnificent crown her brow with "a more enduring her own he would stay at home scale mistress, for the time and place, and even Lady wreath than the jeweled crown of Castile, and their spoil pleasure; in fact the Walton's Fastidious tastes were gratified, and- - would cause her iiaineto rfccT hnmwi now, man was to all appearances iealons nf th Mr. Harrison had assisted with both advice J " V4V do wn through all future generations as con- - affection of his wife for her and positive help; had sent from the grea t necieu wun a discovery, tne magnitude of ridiculous as itj metropolis many things rich and rare, and which is even now not fully comprehendedr worse between daily he could them, not such an abundance of choice flowers, that To hi C07itinucdS endure the sight of either of the Hillinrd with those the gardens there afforded, the and at last forbade their presence at the whole place was like ' Eden itself cr a Hall. fairy land, with bloom and fragrance. The college girls are taking a lively in Maitland was furious and all the efforts Anna's French maid and half a dozen terest in politics. Itwillbe hard to of his keep mother were to unavailing him; quiet college women contented to m reekoned trtmssmws the cWfrT "whole "sTory of the engagement between had never before seen, and. there seemed she 'developed those .'graces 'of mind and person, for which she was 'afterwards so! much distinguished, for her strength of ' character and sagacity as a ruler. '. be we do not that is to It possess regreted more of the incidents of me early life of the future Queen of Castile; we find her at the early age of thirteen called from her peaceful retreat and the care of her wise mother byherbrGtherHeiirythe fourth" to the" pomp, splendors and dangers .of a Court. But Isatellawaira true" woman and When her brother from selfish motives of. policy sought to dispose of her at the age of sixteen in a marriage both distasteful and unsuitable to her, she bravely asserted her right both as a woman and the future Queen of a great country, not to be disposed of without her own consent and that of the , nobles of the realm. King Henry gained no friends by his arbitrary treatment of his sister and when in other, respects he ren- dered "hiM'slflinwoHIry' the "afiectlon "and fealty of his subjects; and when the cities of Seville and Andalusia had unfurled their standards in the name of Isabella, and she was entreated to accept the crown, her affection and loyalty manifested itself in the noble reply, "while my brother lives none other has a right to the crown." And it was by her wisdom and assistance that he was. once more firmly established on the throne of Castile, but Henry still opposed the marriage of Isabella with Ferdinand of : Aragpn a suitor prefered by herself and a marriage suitable in everr respect and performed in the most romantic manner. This marriage was highly acceptable to the Castilian nobility both on account of the restriction put upon Ferdinand, and because all the.rights of Sovereignity were secured to Isabella; but it was to Isabella herself, IN RURAL ENGLAND. " , j ; X "" " 1 1 con-cernin- ... - - g -- . - : - A J - " 4747-Isabellawas- - and-mothe- r - . ; -- " JL " . : x -- ; 1 ; 