r Montpelier and Dingle as being in good work ing order. Pres. Julia P. Lindsay was pleased with the reports given, spoke of the importance of attending meetings often; they had given the Primaries a whole day tor their Conference that the children, might have a chance to develop themselves and prepare or the great work they will be called to do, spose or me necessity of depending upon God for grace to the the work on, and humility to bring carry . . K t .. 1.1 o children-ungnc. oam uuu wuuiu uicm and His children, help those who help them selves.: Asked for the blessings oi (jrod to be with all assembled. The minutes of the last Conference were read and approved,. Statistical and financial renort ot the btasce ixciiei oocieiv was then read ies. Wro. Budge spoke of the weakness with which we have to contend, and said the engagements of this life should not be first. "Thi3 work and all connectedLwith it is eternal, -- J- p It requTreWo . edge obtaiued by attending, meetings. "We. must overcome every obstacle in our path of life, the Spirit of God teaches us to be charit able. We should pray for strength and wisdom, that we may gain the prize for which we have set out." Secretary Nancy Allred said we should trust in God for He will help U3 if we help ourselves, but if we rieglect our duties, we will not have that confidence in God that we would otherwise have. "It seem as though sometimes our labors are not appreciated. We are not to be judged according to the actions of others. Those who have their name3 enrolled in these organizations, have a.duty to perform, and the more we attend meetings the more of the Spirit we enjoy, and whatever is dictated by the Spirit of God will interest us." She also expressed her willingness to help any : 4 Secretary make a reportSister Bonny said she had left all for the Gospel, wa3 thankful for hearing it and gather- ing to Zion; her desire was to remain faithful, - s h e a so rel a ted -- t h &- -t r l als th rou g wh "she first had to pass when joined the Church, said the sweeter the she lived the but longer Gospel became to her as it makes ua better people. Asked God to help all to be faithful that when the time comes, we could enter into the glory of God. bister Sutton, also, bore a Jauhful testimony. in regard to the truth of thi3 work, and asked for the prayers of all present that she might endure to the end. Pres Julia P. Lindsay further addressed the Conference urged the sisters to patronize the - - b-- 1 progression is necessarvjo a full salvation?Spoke of the necessity of assisting the sick and poor; and or rememoering joa,ii nnanciai surroundings were growing better, and said that it mattered not how little means one possessed, if it kept him from the service of W e - are recei vi ng God he" had too much. blessings from God day by day, but are we using them in the right way?" The meeting was then adjourned until 2 p. m. Singing, "Praise God." etc Closing ' v prayer by Bishop Robert Price. - " exponent; WOMAN'S 134 ich-fch- e-- -- . "Woman 8 Exponent. "Why are we taught all their labors, and to the papers that send their messages forth. Ada Rollins, Pres. SPEECH MRS. ADA ROLLINS. Ladie3 and Gentlemen: The flag you "see before us, that graces the walls so beautifully is called the woman's flag of Wyoming, and the single star well represents that there is one state in the Union in which women have "the same rights a3 men, the right of franchise. And for the benefit of those who seemingly think it smart to pass some remarks about woman suffrage, let them pause and consider if their own dear mothers, sisters and sweethearts too if you please, had not ought to en joy that boon that every Liberty doving people who are true Americans would wish them to enjoy. There is something wonderfully thrilling and pathetic in the devotion of the woman suffrage advocates to the flag 'of. the one star which typifies to them the .youngest of our commonwealth, and the first true It is the woman's flag that ha the, place of bohor at all their public .gatherings. The stripes represent our country to which we are most loyal with an undaunted determina tion to help it to realize the glorious future of which its proud past has been the prophecy. But of all the states we honor most, the state which alone has dared to make women free citizens, Wyoming. What a wond er fu 1 "objc ct " lesson in the great struggle for human freedom is this Lone Star flag? How can woman see it and not be fired with enthusiasm. How can men fail to be moved by it to that patriotism and chivalry which wotuld make other states , equally just and dear'to woman. lhe pictures of those Ladies qh either side of the flag, are ladies who have for fifty years labored long and earnestly for woman's emancipation, who like our fathers thought taxation without representation was not right nor just. The one to the right of the flag is Susan Re-public- to meet often it it is not essential?" Spoke of the blessings we all enjoy from God, and testified of the blessings she had received. "We should remember we are the chosen people of God, and not let ourselves be carried away with the things of this lite but remember the source from which everything come3 and -- Trrgood-f "He "tfaarpvetfF:ea Coun. Elizrbeth Collings bore a faithful the benefits to be derived by attending meet- - Stanton, these names will be handed down .from generation to generation like those of our testimony 4,0 the truth of this work, said those who have entered the waters .of baptism should Revolutionary fathers who fought, bled and bear the trials. .Gave some good instructions v have "a testimony, and heed the teachings in regard to taking care of the wheat recei ved died for liberty. state for cheers the three and our "Then flag to do all given, that we may know whether we are m in the society,,anoT expressed a of Wvoming. the right church or not,,if we heed the still, duties required of her. small voice it will lead us into all truth. ''The Conference adjourned for six, months. i8 do to which the Spirit rigbt right Siugiugr "Mid Scenes of Confussion," etcr prompts W. 8, PARTY AT PAYSON, UTAH. embraced she before the Benediction by Llder James Colungs. Gospel she Spirit," wonld read the senptu re3, but she did not Sylvia Broomhead Cor. fcec y. understand-the- mGod until the Spirit-o- f The Social Hand Shake Party given in Pay-so- n on the 13th of Feb. was as near as posexplained all. "It is for us to know the W. S. AREPORTS. and the of sible a complete social and instructive enterKingdom, mysteries many are called but few are chosen. May we strive to tainment. Singing, music and dancing, interW.MINERSYILLE 8. A. be faithful that we may have clear consciences." spersed with recitations, speeches, and social Sister Turner bore a faithful testimony to us space in the columns of hand shakinor was the order. One speech- If you will give 1 11 the truth of the Gospel, when she first heard your most valuable paper 1 will endeavor to given by the Right Rev. Todd, deserves to was knew it she and all true left the Gospel let the readers know that the W. o. A. of be printed verbatim and placed in every WO' to go back, to gather hIre,F Minersville is doing well, we have 13 name3 man's hand throughout the Territory. the Gospel was sweeter to her than anything, enrolled on our books; our society is in the and there is nothing to live for but the Gospel; third, year of its organization, we take three SPEECH BY PRESIDENT MRS. L. . J. WIGnTMAN.. was determined to do right; set an example to papers viz: the Woman's Exponent, Woman's Ladies, Members and Friends: We are Che children and teach them tc be faithful. Tribune una nomans Column: we have very" happy to meet you here this evening; Testified of the blessings she bad received monthly meetings the first Tuesday in everv socially, and we' would be pleased could we say th rou gh fai th . zSai d that when any. one was months and through the kindness of Bishop Politically on the same broad plain of Justice sick to go arjvLpravrHaithto God to heal Walker we bold our meetings in and Equality, though we feel assured that ere ' -feem it was his will He would do ;so. house. At our meeting in December a mntinn long justice will opea wide her doors to women. 'AVe should hold fast to, this good and great was made that we have a Leap Year partv the From time immemorial, flight held the Power work that we may be crowned with the faith- - first day of January 1892 and also all the to make laws and call them right and so eninember8oHhe"W; force themt this ; reasoning women being Coun. Lizzie Hart spoke of filling the yellow ribbon with the letters W8. A. printed weaker thanbymen have occupied the lowest mission of assisting the sick.and poor, also of on each. I he flag for Wyoming was made place, as among the savage nations and history for now . not a and and walls the of th rnnm. Jsetter graced waiting fnoK0. improving tells us with but f ew exceptipTig among the tiiiie to come to improve the opportunities; with the stars and is.tnpes of the, National flat,'" most enlightened nations, that women over the said when we are not in possession of the also the representative women of the nation: greater part of the globe today are humble looks if God but all we seek of The woman's dark, looked Spirit .flag lovely, was ten feet companions, playthings, captives and feasts of for that true faith and pure Spirit all will be long and the single" star in therfield of blue burden. bright; improve opportunities that we may be looked lonely, with just the one star and no In England the Nobility established their . fitted lor a hard task, give attention to all more. A short speech was made bv privileges as they grew in power. The workbad habits so that we can master and overdent class of men are allowed to vote and hold come them, also of the strength and knowl Success to all the ladies in this New Year in ing office because as their power and might in- - Afternoon session opened by singing'Arise 0 Glorious Zion." etc. Prayer by Pres. Wm. Budge. Singing, "We thank Thee 0 God for a Prophet." etc. , Two ether wards were then reported. Pres. Julja P. Lindsay said she would like all the Secretaries to send in correct . reports ; - de-sir- e - 1 T" 1 . the-meeti- ng Sr'w , thfi-Prpd- T . 