WOMAN'S GO Woman's Exponent. EXPONENT. noon session which will be given to our readers in full in the next issue of the paper. No moaning of the bar, sail forth strong ship Into that gloom which has God's face for light, Not a dirge, but a proud farewell from each fond The territorial Fair which was held in this very interesting, City commencing October and to all who have the welfare progress of Utah and her people at heart, and great pains was taken by the management to make as fine an exhibit as pos-ibl- e to give the public an idea ol what can be done by this community for the World's Fair next year. And praise, abounding praise, and fame's faint .'. ... starlight, sOul to that large noon Lamping this tuneful Vrhere thou shalt quire with angels. Words of lip, - Editor. EMMELINB I). WELLS, 4,-wa- in Salt Lake City, "Utah.. Published one one Terms: year, i.oo; one copy six months, copy made lor clubs. City papers delivreduction No cts. 50 semi-monthl- y,' ered by mail, extra (or postage one year, 25 cts. Advertising rates: 'Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, 2.50; per month, $300. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. ExPONkNT office, No. 2 E., South Temple Street, second gate east of Deseret News Office. Business hours from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m, every day, except Sunday, Address all busjness omgLuiiications to . woe Are for the unfulfilled, not thee, whose moon Of genius sinks glorious, aglow. No moaning of the bar, musical drifting Of Time's waves turning to the eternal sea, Death's soft wind all thy gallant canvass lilting, r And Christ thy pilot be. 'T full-orbe- d, . -- . PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT,. The dedication ceremonies of the Columbian "ExposltidlTwiIT takeacihnDncago "The Times cal Is Te n n yson theaEugIIslr Virgil" on account of his mastery of lofty, graceful and sonorous verse. JSever since Milton it says, has on the 21st of the present month, and many U'ah peojle have gone including the National Board of Entered at the Pest OJice in Salt Lake Cityt Utah, as Lady Managers for Utah and the Presisecond class matter. dent of the World's Fair Commission of ladies for Utah, Mrs. Emily S. Richards, these ladies 1892. October 15, will obtain all the information possible and be Salt Lake City, Able - to -- d flu se JtjjmonjEthLpsehjoisioikmg; "heTeTailliejrwill be present at the general meetBE TI I ing called for the National Board of Lady Conference of the Managers. The General Church which commenced in the large TaberMrs. Laura De Force Gordon a lady lecturer nacle in this City Oct. 6, and closed Sunday afternoon Oct 9, was certainly one of the most well known throughout the country is now in interesting and instructive Conferences that has Utah speaking in the interest of the Democratic ever been held. The spirit of the teaching and party. She is an eloquent and forcible speaker and understands the political condition of the the manifest power that rested upon the several country at large, as well perhaps as any woman speakers, was felt and appreciated by the congregation of Latter day Saints in a manner apparent who is on the lecture platform. She expects to to all who were present, and there will doubiless make a tour through the. Territory speaking in be an awakening to the sacredness and duties of. many or all of the counties. We may have, the obligations resting upon mis people, mat win more to say of her work at another time. extend through all the Stakes of Zion. That this is the most interesting time in the history of the ALFRED TENNYSON. Church must be the impression of all those who are" watching" the signs of the times, when the POET LAUREATE OF ENGLAND. greatest events are about to transpire that have , been predicted by ancient and modern prophets and Apostles. . " .J..: Alfred ;the Poet Laureate Salt Lake City. Utah. -- is-beard 1 E-OG- Semi-Annu- . ... ' al ;;.r. of England Tennyson Lord Her (created by Majesty Queen Victoria of magnificant sacred edifice that has been reared Great Britain and Empress of India) departed this tor many centuries to the name of the Lord is "life alittlF past midnight (the poet's hour) at 1.30 it would seem onlv in o'clock October 6, 1S92; the dispatchesstate4hat keeping with Uiejact thaUt is about Jo3e. dedi J Tost his strength, growing weaker cated that those professing to believe in all the he"gralTuairy and feebler little by little painlessly until the end doctrines, principles and ordinances pertaining, came peacefully as flowed the li e of the passing to this holy place, should be prepared for so soul. Death came as he would have wished it solemn and momentous an occasion. The people calmly and without outward disturbance. have had line upon line and precept upon pre. There was no artificial light in the room; only cept concerning these things, and yet many have the mellow rays of the autumn" moon lit up the been careless and indifferent to the warning voice .chamber in which the dying man lay, and fell and have preferred to use the means for their own" across the bed, bathing him in pure, pellucid aggrandizement over which they are only forming a rembrandtesque background to stewards, instead of the building of Temples or light scene. All were silent save the gentle the the spread of truth for the salvation of the world. the of wind through the trees around soughing Such sermons as were preached at this late Conthe mansion a fitting requiem for a poet who ference are calculated to arouse those who are sang of the love and beauty of nature. So quietly desirous of assisting in this great and grand work iM Ms. SAuLdepaittha. the memtrers "Of ffieTami j v ana wi o through-othe- r tmiuences have in th were not aware of the fact till announced by the Hrleroat lhecentre Stake of neariBg-ks-cmpletfonaT- Zion the- most England heard such stately blank verse as -'- Idyls of the King." C Swinburne will probably be his successor. 'Lord Tennyson looks fifteen years younger I has been- - cat fully trimmed and his hands folded over his chest. A laurel wreath crowns his head and another lies at his feet. Burning wax tapers lend a subdutd light to the chamber. The Bishop of Winchester will preach the funeral sermon in Haselmtre Church on Sunday. "All the members of the Tennyson family as sembled and took their last look at the dead be fore the coffin lid was closed andcrewed downr Lady Tennyson was the last to leave the room and alone in the sacredness of her sorrow she bade a final adieu. I v THE REMAINS OP THE'POET INTERRED. "With all honors which the church could be stow, in the presence of many eminent men of letters, statesmen and nobles, the remains of Tr nnyson were interred in the "Poet's corner at Westminster Abbev Oct. 12. The Te a mass of rare floral offerings, including a laurel wreath from the ryueen. The remains were laid beside those of Browni; corner-containe- d ng,- v-- - r-- Y ' - t1 ; The QueeiTalso sent a metallic wreath of lauTeT id nbonlii"the Jerusaiem chamber;-thcoffin was borne on the shoulders of stalwart men. Among the were Henry White, U. S. legation secretary, and Lord Salisbury. The mourners followed the coffin; then the household servants, representatives of the Queen, and other royal persons. On reaching the chancel, the coffin was set down at the foot of the altar, and Canon Duckworth opened with the service for the dead; then the choir chanted the loth psalm. After the lesson for the day was read, the choir sang Tennyson's last poem 'Silent Voices." The body was then borne to therPgt!snarahd. afler farther services, was, committed to the grave beside Browning. Benediction was' pro.attendant physician. Once or twfeuTmg the nounced by the Archbishop of Canterbury." the night he lifted his eyes to the faces of the Alfred Tennyson was born in the year 18 10, at watchers and a peaceful smile played over his Somerby, Lincolnshire. The family was a large ' features." he one, being the third. At a very early age he Lady Tennyson bore up well when all was manifested a talent for writing verse, and pubover. The poet will be buried in the" Pnt'c lished in 1827 a volume entitled "Poems of Two cornerof WeminstefAbbeynexf to Brothers" the joint production of himself and his Browning's. Dr. Bridge Is setting music Tennvson's hpamu brother Charles. Hp ful poem, "Crossing the Bar," which the laureate Trinity College, Cambridge, and two vears after t wioic auoui a year and a half ago. He intends ine poet published 'Timbuctoo" for this he rethe music to be played at the ceived the Chancellor's medal. In 1842 the poet's funeral poet Robert Buchanan the poet and dramatist, has seut forth to the world two Volumes that gave" written an obituary poem on the death of him the honor of the laurel-cr- o Tennywned songster of son. It concludes with these lines: the British realm. Tennyson has really been for the many years favorite Of many of the Peace to the Knight who special his vow while kept of both people continents. Others sleDt like sand At another time we shall be lad to nublish l mrlals now that lost BU'feiryhnd? more concermnor th T -i 0 ...v, r. wnom we muieaie e pall-beare- rs . J??5L!???!L5S $ great je- - sponsibility attached to those who have taken upon themselves the name o! Latter-da- y Saint. and themes were Many grand inspiring treated which must be in.their upon uplifting tendency to those who are faithful anil true, and who have spent their lives and their means in advancing the cause of righteousness upon the- - earths - The- meek and humble ones whom our Heavenly Father delights to own and bless, these were fed with the bread of life,and for all there Was a word in due season that will not fail to sink deep into the heart of every attentive listener EDITORIAL NOTES. TiiE General Conference of the Relief Society convened in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall in this City on Monday, October 10 ifkT? Semi-Annu- al ; Som e s peci al business- - wa s it rwn rtd: ? orjcJW " -- : h .. i- -- oTtnewnter as much or mnr, other, especially "In Memoriam." trre-rma-Tt ihr, oni -- 