104 IV OMAN'S EXPONENT people. I do hope the sistcrY the National American instead of as now hold . ft el united here in this place; do all you can ing that position by being president of an and the Lord will bless you, I have been go- - auxiliary tetate societv' will come before the "next convention for consideration. I shall ing to a lifcjiei oociety in ugoeu m which uji sects are joined, their meetings are a matter of change my amendment so as to ask that the auxiliary society elect the person who it may business, to See after the poor. I told them if they saw any of our choose to have represent it as the N. A. The point being to "make, the office poor to let us know, we did not wish them to take care of our poor for we had plenty to take elective instead of Clara Bewick Colby. care of them; you must try and have your I think meetings as often "as you-ca- n, have your meetings every two weeks, and if vou have them regular the Lord will TIKE AET OF..TEA MAKING. bless you;" made other good rem arksand gave good advice to all. makitig in Japan is a fine, art. The Sister Brown said, this is a frrcat deal j teapot is small and dainty, like those sold for c larger place than I thought it was, I am glad at Japanese shops, and the teacups, to hear that you are going to organize a society often of fine cloissonnes, with plain euameled here, made a few good remarks, asking the livings, are each no Jarger tnau a giants Lord to bless us all. d thimble. Wjth them is a pitcher h Brother Richards, VI feel delighted in for boiling water, and a lacquer containing in u o n m n te ca r I or this choiee-tett- . by y g, you the the rich-tbesAmong appur is to looks that you are feeling well; your duty of- tea-- so rare ..brand a tenancfaacCQmpany attend your n'ieetings,To"as you can speak to that none oi it is ever exported. . The Japanese one another, and before you go to jueeting. host scoop? out enough of the precious herb ask the Lord to help you, and when you go (with an ivory implement shaped like a large home you can work with less trouble, and be tea He leaf) to loosely fill the little determined to come to your meetings and the then pours oyer it hot, not boiling,teapot. and water, Lord , will bless you; 1. have seen the time e M t : t h e t e a iii a ke r be g ins to h Jc when the sisters" used;' to have 'such good" pour off a steam of pale yellow tea into cups of brethren were the that jealous meetings which are never filled more than half way. up, them. Brethren hitch up your teams' go with and. they are at .once served to visitors and l t i i. i. the family. It is needless to say that the tea as you can, let me tell you brethren they belosing no part of its delicious aroma, i3 as do, and fragrant and delicate as long to the Church as much any concoction can have a right to administer to the sick. I be. Boston .. possibly Transcript. must not take any more of the time so I will eive way asking the Lord to bless vou Amen." Bishop Joseph Ferren, I was at a Belief NOTES AND NEWS. Society a few months ago in Eden there were some sisters from here, they said they would Rev.' Amanda Deyo has been elected presi like to have a Relief Society in Liberty so that dent of the Lackawanna County (Pa.) Wo- in- . oitener, so we they.1 could attend meeting ': : i come jr. anu .organize a man'Sufirage-AssaciatiOHoisir xuenamsi. iv Society, and after the organization if there is - The last number-o- f the Australian Woman's 4J UU know half THE of-th- e . j vice-presiden- ex-offici- yim-shou- o. ? TRIBUNE, ly D: C, by Clap. a Bewick Colby. Price, $1.00 a year. Trial Subscriptions, five weeks for 10 cents. t. The Woman's Journal, of Boston, and the Woman's Tribune, of Washington, D, C will be sent to one ad. dress for 3.00 per year. ld la bric-a-bra- pear-shape- meet-ingwk- 1 Jlited-and-publisliedek- WOMAN'S -- Keeps on Hand DRESS GOODS AND TRIMMINGS, FANCY ARTICLES AND NOTIONS, BOOKS AND STATIONERY, EQUI- POISE WAISTS, ETC. j Dress ZTfnhlugr in all its branclros, 3HIUnery, ltf-s'yh's, IlalN anU IXoiinels deaned and ntrimmedt Feathers curie i, etc. Mainplii$c dorc o order. Hut s liiirial Suits a Sieeialiy" tons covered while you wait "Mr(J- - 1 JLN & KJ Q TP. 111. SOUTH STI6UET.3 I'HISX, Ttiree doors w.yt-n- f ThP'vi -- -- - -- R.K. THOMI tjsl IM StmtliSt., 26,2S, J;?aad32 r SALT LAKE CITY. A asou t:i iv.vll VUIUJ - Sister Rrehardrsai(t"irta( ilULi ; 17 to 2lst inclusive. X The address of the Treasu rer, s 1412 G. St. N. Wvxr Spcfford-'.iNOTICE TO THE MEMBERS OF N.-- A J ane Standard Gauge .THROUGH THE . ROCKY MOUNTAINS! Choice of Thre andI - Distinct Routes, XSJ THE MOST SCeiEBY MAGNIFICEHT-RAILROA'- D IN THE WORI.D. n Two Fast Express Trains Daily; EACH WAT BETWEEX OGDEN. SALT LAKE AND DENVER. ; ' It is a curious fact that the total number of ELEGANT RECLINING CHAIR CABS! men who voted last luesday for the Republican candidate for Mayor of Boston (19,534) was not equal in number to the women who voted for school committee in Boston four years ago (1 9,570). Had those women school committee voters been enabled by their victorious Republicanaljies in the Legislature to vote for ail city and- - town officersthe results of last year's election and of this one might have been very difierent.i. Proo of Charge. Direct Connections THE MOST made in Union Depots. EQUIPPED RAILWAY IN THE WEST. THOROUGHLY B.C. DODGEj A. E. WELB Y, J.H.EENNETT, Genl. Jlgr. gnpt. G. F. k P. A. -- II. TINNERS CAS.WATER W. S. A. The amendment proposed by me twdyears eiidents elected by ago to have the State vice-pf THE RAILWAYI begmning in Jlai y rsBlakewas . ibr many years president of the New York State Woman Suffrage Association She is a woman, an able writer, and a ready and experienced speaker, dull; mistress of her subject, which she illustrates with a large fund of interesting and touching stories, all of them true. v well-know- ANNOUNCEMENTS. The twenty fourth annuafyaslungton Con-- .' vent ion vwill be held in The Church of Our Father, corner L and Thirteenth St., January GRAND VVestern Mrs. Lillie Devereux Blake is to start early in January on a tour of Southern meetings, Singing "How will the saints rejoice to tell." Benediction by Janics Ftrren. P. S. We are holding our meetings every . Thursday at 3 o'clock. . A. Judk ins, Pres. V Mary WOMAN SUFFRAGE CONVENTION. iMrs-iLillie .:. " . . try and do the very best I can, aud we, will try and have our meeting next Thursday at 2 o'clock. K ATI ON A L A M ERICA N just:-.- Montana's World's Fair Commission has set aside $5,000 of the State's appropriation of oUjUUU jor, the use 01 the women. At the last meeting of the Beneficent Society of the New England Conservatory, Mrs. Rufus b. Jbrost, one ot the two members of the Board of Lady Managers from Mass., spoke in behalf 01 Hie work ot the Board. i t but withthrheljrdn x - reprints threeTof Devereux Blake s "Suffrage Fables." l iuffraye-tfournit- seconded that Sister Mary A. Jud kins be President of the Relief Society of Liberty, a full vote was given; moved aud seconded that Sisters Mary A. Chard and Mary Campbell be her Counselors, full vote; moved and seconded-thaSister Mary A. Ferren be Secretary, full, vote; moved and seconded that Sister Christina Marshall bp Treasurer, Jull vote. Sister Martha Ferren of Eden, said "I am glad to be with the sisters today, we shall try to meet with you in some of your meetings as often as, we can." Sister Mary A. Judkins'I was surprised for the sisters to call on me to actas ..president, - Casll Housf R. KTHOMAS -- LAVA KJ The Leading Retail MRS. M ICZ.U,325 to JWUAS.- -S E. VAN.M. D, TKnl. Floor, Conslitulion BuiUHng 10 a. 7i., 4 to 6 p. ta. & STEAM FITTERS r Agent for RUMSEY'S celebrated LIFTand FORCE PUMPS. Pomps Repaired 6n short notice. Orders from the country promptly responded to. u S5 ht,r rtfersaL? I LIZ CHI 