WOMAN'S . it Alien an iionor 10 me orow . t .f i EXPONENT. :ness. of about thirty hours. Wrinkled with life's toil and woes Ye have sown the seed and now Blooms the desert as the rose. 13 SARAH GRIFFITH RICHARDS. The deceased was a most exemplary and estimable woman in every respect, of great strength of character which was, On Tuesday, June 7th, 1S92, the death of Sister plainly manifest throughout' her. whole life; she To our city, lovely scene, Sarah G. Richards occurred at her residence .in was one o lean upon and trust in No sacrifice with the mountain rills, Sparkling the 20th Ward, Salt Lake City. Her bodily was too great for her to make to ensure the To onr homes and gardens green Welcome while the day fulfills happiness of her family, or for the interest of. the strength Jiad been gradually failing for a long Church of which she was ever a faithful member time and being; in her nintieth year, her death Every joy that hope foretold, . Of a time both bright arid long. came not as a surprise to her family and friends. from the time of receiving the Gospel. thine hold hearts Ev'ry thought may She had also long expressed herself as looking Mrs. Groo whose maiden name was Gillett,was 01 reunion, feast and song. born in Sullivan County, state of New York, forward to the change which she .felt was coming Care hath here no part today; March 4, 1827. The Gospel was preached in upon her as a happyrelease from suffering-anshall her .songs above; Joy sing x let yi that vicinity when sluvw rjuhfrumnixgifl by wondly-anFaith in every heart shall sayiT'""T 1 ; c: .1 r u' oisici KiLiidius- was uurn m Mon luonmoutn. "God is near atid'Godlslovel' Jedediah M. Giant, when he was only nineteen Old Folks, Fathers, Mothers dear, years of age'. Mrs. Gillett, her mother, was the mouthshire, England, oh the 26th of December Ye who wear the silver crown, 1802. At an early age she manifested an unusual first baptism in that, locality; her family after Ye are welcome to our cheer, wards embracing the faith. Mrs. Groo came to love for learning, and applied herself with such Ye are welcome to our town. . ) . Utah - with -- her father, mother and husband iu d'ligence and determinination to the gaining of Mr. John Quigley made and appropriate knowledge in various directions, that she ob- 1S54, and settled in the 9th Ward in this City address of welcome in tjehalf of the Payson peo where her home has beenevexixicc. ple, and the Payson (Juartette sangJjoon'lJMgzL. Tike many othrrs-she haS'en'dureirairthe hard pall Her JifeTgreat reader, and possessed a fund of information rarely met with. ships incident to those early days, and without a President Angus M. Cannon graphically de Having resolved to dovote her life and energies murmur. She has ever been a fond and tender scribed the appearance of the valley in 1847, and and has borne ten children, five of whom to the cause of education, she was still unmarried mother, dilithe chanees had been bv that the wrought a o J survive her, four sons and one daughter, the. at the age of forty, about which time the sound of thrift and of the ;gence, industry, perseverance other half have gone on before, and have no the everlasting Gospel reached her ears and penhad that made the condi early settlers, ' possible doubt jfvelcomed her ere this, where there will be etrated her heart. tions of prosperity and plenty of the present time. Prospects of worldly wealth and honor seemed no more sorrow or parting. V He paid a touching and eloquent tribute to the She also leaves a husband, Elder I. Groo, and opening up to her; but she forsook all worldly pioneers and veterans, many of whom were pres inressjfo.rjhe.ake4f.4initinher- - fortune with fifteen to whom she'vas greatly.-.attachent, to whom those of a later period owed the for Sister Groo posessedin the'largest the people whom she knew, by the unerring soirit blessings enjoyed so freely and praytd that God of testimony, were the people of God. "would inspire the youth growing up in these degree the elements and attributes :of motherAfter joining the Church, and emigrating to hood. She thoroughly enjoyed family life and beautiful valleys of the mountains to reverence home-wthe place she adorned and iuAvhiclf America," she was married on the 25th of Decemage, and especially those who had been public she found special delight. Yet she was called to fill ber, 1843, to Dr. Levi Richards, with whom she benefactcrs. had become acquainted while on his The brass band played a choice selection and a prominent public position, to preside over the first previously mission to England. Relief Society of the ward in which she lived; Elder George Goddard in behalf of the Old Folks ' Amid the hard and trying persecutions ofthe Committee, thanked the railroad company for this position she filled with dignity for many Saints, on the 12th of Jun e, 1S45, one child, a son, years past, manifesting specially goocj executive their generosity and called for a vote of thanks was born to them, to whom they gave the name ability in the administration of affairs which from the assembly which was heartily accorded. naturally devolved upon her. She was ever' of Levi Willard. Mayor Lemon af Payson also spoke briefly and Thre years lalerrDfrRichards was requested mindful of, the ,needyr theiek, the sorrowing and hoped there might be many more such reunions. , by the presidency of the Church to take a second A unanimous vote of thanks was given to the unfortunate and was therefore well qualified for mission to England, for five years more. He was the place. .. Her charity was real and without osPayson Committee, and Elder W. C. Dunbar advised-to- -; take with him his wife, Sarah. But tentation. In her the ward had a true mother gave some Caledonian selections uyon the High who looked after its best interests, and "in. her as their little one was delicate, President Young 1rr1 Vvi nrrilriii.fi counseled them to send him to the Rocky MounThe Rev. A. C. Todd, Presbyterian minister of tongue was the law of kindness." uncle, President Willard Richards Her faith in the Gospel never wavered under tains with-hiPayson, made a very feeling address, dwelling' and his aunt Rhoda, promising them that if they especially npon' veneration and respect for the any circumstances, and like others who have been did their boy should live, and grow stronger so, tried she has herself to the proven loyal right. aged and the virtues of Christianity, the effect did She some work lor the dead in the Logan and.healthTer;but saying he could not promise the uuuiaa 1111 Lti same happy results if they attempted to cross the Temple two years ago, and was making preparaMrs; J. hi Linsdale sang "Father's Growing .ocean with him. The conditions were -- accepted Old," and Counselor David John thought Old tions to do a great deal of Temple work when the keenly as they Folks Day an inspirational 'idea," and that the re- - Salt Late Tmplejvyoul4J)exompleted. - She was felt the trial a of such from one of those noble and grand women, who never .their only separation ihese veieraris'were spTect andlovewith-whic- h and tender and the child; falter in a good cause. Steadfast," industrious promises of the Lord treated .must gve gre.at"satisfaction. to His them, through and reliable, descended from the old PuritanProphet, were verified. The Presbyterian Male Quartette kindly renSister Richards had the privilege of receiving stock, a fair tvne of the New K dered the appropriate song, "I'm Wandering an the ordinances, and of accepting all the prin Sister Groo's whole life was a labor of love Down." of the Gospel, as far as they have been C. R. Savage of the Old Folks Committee then spent in doing good to those around her. man v ciples to the Latter-da- y Saints, and she was true distributed the presents to the ,aged , people of are the friends who -- will miss her kindly deeds," them all. Possessing an extremely sensitive to rayson, every one over seventy had a gift of her comforting words and her pleasant face but nature, the sympathies of Sister Richards were something. Those from the City had the ride she has entered into her rest; to the Saint of God drawn out towards everything that might suffer. and the pastime afforded by the trip out, the there, is no real dark shadow and valley of death, and-duLittlechildren animals she always and-th- ev dinner and the good time generally. they but step fojlhjntojLdiyiner-lightpitied most, as being unable to tell their pains tfishqp V. 15. Preston spoke briefly upon the would not return if they could, and troubles. courtesy due to the aged and the beauty of such "All dread of the distant future, all fears that On the occasion of the funeral, which was held op" ' pressed today an example. The Old Folks Choir, who never , jSE. Sth M ihe 2othLWard meeting house; the Like mists that clear in the sunlight Ing to please tle com lesslv passed awav:' speakers were Elder Samuel W. Richards, Presiclose "Welcome here ye:., aged ivele'rans," and Nor call, nor clamor can rouse her.from slumbers dent Joseph . if. Smith, President Brother J. B. Nobles offered the benediction. Angus M. so pure and deep, .". and Counselor Cannon, The large company were then put aboard the For only His voice can feach her' who Joseph E. Taylor, givethlhis loved ones sleep. "":'":t'32I'!1 train arriving home in good time, without any Mother we miss your form and face, not that her toils are over, weep not that Weep unpleasantness, rtheCommitfe'eand" Which bow'd with us each day, her race is run, V the choir doing all in their power for the happi Before the holy throne of Grace, God grant we may rest as cahulywhen our work ' ness and welfare of their aged friends, brethren To worship and to pray. like her's is done! Some may have been of stronger mold, Till then we would yield with gladness "our add slstm'on.thwayback. Life's hardships to endure; ' treasures to Him to keep, And some more fleet, and some more bold And rejoice in the sweet assurance He giveth his A GOOD WOMAN GONE TO REST. ' But none more chaste and pure. ' loved ones sleep." Some may iave mightier works begun, " . Died at the family residence- in this Citv. .Fyji.nxLraiider' g, Hut unto God and Jesus, none Wednesday-morninJune 22, 1S92, Mrs. SarnliL ' Have beetl more nobly true. ally ignorant L. L. G. R. ; , -- d " 1 '' . f the-oittfaikS- Tt' - . grand-childre- n, ed as -- . - - -- f : - re-vea- ied . mb ; : , ha-veiioise- -. ; acentor j : - thiiigs-taiicr"'''- . 