ROMAN'S EXPONENT, A SKETCH EROM LIFE. i Old memories and thoughts of other days are .crowding on raymidjnjghjhouhtsf- "clnldhoodV companions, and old scenes and friends who have long since passed away; their looks and. words return with vivid force. Why is it scenes so long passed from the stage of time have power to return with such force to the mind that we can almost imagine- - we are looking in a mirror where pictures come and go,orJookiog upon -- a1 scroll on which is -- record ts v f he past. ingt One of these pictures is that of an old house situated in one of the Eaost plea5antparts d England, a house large and roomy with its front windows facing the bay where the stately ships lay in the harbor. Not the steam ships but the great "Ships of the line,"' of each one with a history in itself, there lay the Britannia, and the Thunderer, and the great Nelson -- Vjctojjajm --wbich-Lord battle and received his death wound in the moment of Victory, things at familiar to the children that lived in that, house, as are the . he-ev- en .of-ol- to-da- y, -- won-hjsrrlast;. " streetcars and the mouutaius that surround our children's nomes today. The house stood - in the midst ot a garden filled with fruit and flowers with evergreens on every tide: then there were the meadows at the back where ihe children gathered- - the primros e, ihe sn owdrups . and the violets in the early days of Spring, that later in the season were covered with the daisy and the blue bell and great yellow butter- cups, with which "the happy children weave 103 a few minutes, then said ,to his wife, I could see inside of and there is a b ack .not .myself, trials 'of her life, but the e received, n,id, o.,.l -.fi t6 li'Lnt-knoNbut- anchor'to hohFher amidst the storms of lifa. 0Ul 10 lake me away from lT you (She still waits-all. He lay down upon the bed from which Piiebe C. Young. he never rose for the best although medical skill was called in, and the loving wife and farm y, had spen .WOMAN'S OPINION. weary days and' watchful been in The "'gntLLlLM vain. strong man-ha- s become as,weak as a child and all "kno w Dear Exponent: has been ns A blessing-sh- In ). ) . that thf pmf , ; w;uinmoned--UI JiaYeUeeiu f i i ii Anuuueretmareu- 'vi. rom-the- ir distant-horne- t and though two are still absent, there are twelve around that bed of deathsyet the husband and father there awaiting the last greafchane fears not death, for though he has not had the privilege of hearing of the restoration of the Everlasting Gospel, he has striven his best according to the light he had, to do his duty to God and: man; he has ever given good counsel to his family and been, charitable to man kind; - in th e day s of his st rength ami he has endeavored to serve his God and in the hour of His extremity he has not been forgotten by Him. Aud now the Angel of the covenant stands ready to convey him through the dark vale of death. His eye is growing dim aud his voice faint, he looks around the room and misses the younger children, who have been banished irninItlieJiparUHe4iU4i makes the request that they be brought in, that he may look upon their faces once more and take a last ftrewell. They come with fear and trembling and some of them give vent to their looks at them with grief in tearsaud sobs. He ' filled with he sneaks their names love, eyes and says a word ortwo to each, and one a ehdd ot ten whose naturally rosy cheeks haye grown pale with watching by that sick" bed which no calls of companions, or thoughts ot play could induce her to leave that sick room, and has scarcely eyeJf tJt ex :cept,: whm.com peikd.- - by her mother, and often alter being sent to her bed lb eh a s waited" til 1 h e t sitters, jsle j tlan I llieh creptLback.imd. beggetl toreinin which shewas often permitted to do, notwith.-tandin- g the remonstrauces ot friends who rigntly con- -' r health would suffer. She it gl( was who never wearied of readinir to him. and could most readily turn to his favorite' passages of scripture, those words of comfort that he loved so well, she" approaches the bed suppressing every sigh of emotion, iW.,though so young Hie child has thoughts and. feelings" far beyond her years, and understands but too well the loss she is about sustain; the dying father makes an effurt to raise the hand that lays the coverlet and turning those eyes of upon l r I i I l i i .i love mat sue wouiu never again oenoiu in iue pros-perit- the beautiful sentiments aud arguments of nnr 'nob I a v ff vju.n ui vug iitltlUll .iUI the emancipation of our sex, from grosand degrading oppression by the stronger sex who have so long retained the ascendancy and arrogated to themselves the rignt of making laws inimical to justice and humanity which these most excellent and benevolent wo-- " men arc devoting their energies to rescue from fcUCh thraldom s; that womu.u may bo placed oh a proper footing and bav inlluarce" to check the "progress of inebriety, and crime. Instead, as in the past, women who have husbands have had to toil aud labor in poverty to sustain their families while their husbands are iudulgiugjn intemperance. On the other hand hosts of 'women, unmarried, are exposed to temptation and induced to live lives of. dishonor and consequent ' misery. - . . y . ' s - Is it not true that the larger proportion of women worthy to be wives of good men and true have not the opportunity of becoming wives and honorable mothers garlands, tell oae another's lortunes,. and try whose face 'will best reflect the golden beauty 'J of the flowers: haypy days of childhood passed I would that all good women might receive ail too soon but leaving a trace upon the" the benefit of the sublime teachings of tlw3 heart that bears an influence on all the after life. Yes happy children gather your fl iwers martyred Prophet Joseph in reg ml to woman whose friend he was and whose sayings I often while you may for soon, the stern, realities of life will be upou you, and in place of the who liWe""uuwitUugIy adopted some, of his flowers you "gather "now your' 'temK r "fingers views. .... will soon be torn by the thorns and briers of . - Jit'e's wilderuess.and your ":y, Dtiiig" hear is "be" -Wy Fusband was con&ideretj worthy to perrsanhteTJed'wiTh the'"kuowledpor the evil"anu! form a historic mission to Palestine. In" 1810 ' sorrow that exists in the world, that to you is he ' by the Prophet Joseph, and went now a sealed book. without purse or scrip, to dedicate that, laud I recall a. day in the month of April when preparatory to the return of the Jews in the voices of the children are not heard shoutof prophecy aud accomplished the ing to each other in the garden,for though the mission to the divine acceptance. cookoo has returned to the old oak tree and is Most of the Jews will gather in unbelief, and loudly proclaiming that Spnug .has come, its by nho forco of cifcuiustauces, are compelled voice is disregarded; they are not searching the to fulfill the prediction to return to Jerusalem meadows to see which can first discover where .(laid waste) to the inheritance of their ; forethe sky lark is building her nest, or watching fathers. the flight of her mate as he ascends far out of M. A P. H. : sight trilling his song of praise to the great Creator. On the day of which I speak they are doimr none of these things: they are within D P. A.. lushed" in awe poor little daughter ' the Lord bles3 you, ' heiousndt&OT V ItEPOHTS. ftnrl nrri'of fur dio A nrrol nf Opafh Ja linrprinor words that thrilled through every nerve and on their threshold and is about to claim for fibre of the child; words never to be forgotten EDKN WARD. his own, him who is the bead and ".support of by her. The scene is'drawing to a close and Minutes of the Relief Society organization that house; the loving husband, the tender when one of the youwgest of the children is borne from the room in the arms oj a friend of Liberty, WeberCo.,heid in the Liberty father is about to pass away. It was the month of February preceding . turns and with quivering lips says the simple school house Aug. 14, 1 801. Pres. Jane S. the time of which I write when he returned words "goodbye father," the fountain of tears Richards presiding; on the stand were Sister Harriet Brown first counselor to Sister to his home with dripping clothing having; are unlocked andlnone present can restrain .. Richards, also Josephine R. West Pres. of the their 'weenin sr. been exposed to a violent storm while in the How plainly 1 recall the scene. I seem to iv A. ot wener uo., ana ner counselor rJizo. execution of his duty, he being Captain of the Earl .of Chatham, and it was his duty to meet hear the dash of the waves upon beth Y. Stanford, Sister Mamie M. Richards windin uUe-tree- Pres. of tho Second Ward Primary, Ogden, the returning ' ship3 before they entered the the beach, the sighing to see the sunlight shining through the Brother Richards, Bishop' Ferren and Martha bay to receive their stores, and see that they were nrnnprlv rlpnnsifpd in the Magazines: a optn windows, the dying man upon the bed, Ferren were also- - there. 1 Meeting opened Tby singing -- Goniej- come ye ' responsible position which he filled with the fainting wife, the --sobbing children. h:QI10'f-:: rMany: "years have passed since then and sain ts." Prayer by Joshua Jud kins, singin-- ' "Hail to the brightness." Sister Richards nhUAron whn tJirn iTiinorled their tears Though usually in the enjoyment of robust tho together have been separated "from each other said "my dear sisters l a rn glad we have come health, before retiring for the night he com Ive the problem of up here to the end of Ogden Valley to or7ahd some have goneto plained of feelingljl, butthought thai rest would restore him; he said I shall not their existence behind the vail; but the one ganize a Relief Society, I feel glad that you leave the house tomorrow but will stay at that received the sweet "God bless you," from have such a nice looking place up here, your the dips of her dying father, still remains, crops are looking nice; you must feel thankful home and rest. While undressiD2 a strange " kindred. that you have no saloons un here When w her all thing happened to him; h sat upon the side though separated from been the sorrows 31anv and vivid have of the ,bed and seemed to lose consciousness for andj -- ay ' -- : -- ; , - -- wa?-sent ; lul-fiUrne- . 1 M-lr- , &- -jf-th- s; . -- rr- and-warmt- , h . ArfA nt " 