WOMAN'S , with thp; exercises of tlie day and with'the enV tertainment on the previous evening. "The other .day in looking overdone of rny qKII jourhais.it was recalled to' my mind that I had the privilege bf dining with; Acting Governor, Mann on the 'day he had signed the bill granting suffrage, to. the women of Utah; when he told me he' had done so," I arose to my feet and-i- n my feeble way thanked him in the name of "the women of Utah for having done so. ...... EXPONENT 32? Annie Dyer Taylor 2nd Vice Pres Miss Lizzie M. otanfnni RoV nr.. tii. Woodmansee Tress." Mi V.Lu Lu.declmi g the nomination, -- the ; committeo auusmuteu tne name of Mrs. Hattie Brown for res. Each name was tVirm : order-nameby the nominating commiitpp fln,l unanimously sustained by the- vote """of Ibe follow up those already issued to Governors, Mayors, and Boards .of Trade, Hp had no stint of praise for Miss Barton, the Red Cross, and the people who had already come forward with help and encouragement, and showed ho doubt of tho ultimate result -- u ,i nr-mr.- - d ribzzzrzrrriizzzrziExiz: - met-ling- , ;. . . ; ... The - Chair. thftn stated -- thatMeeting adjourneduntilhenhirdrueHav" .necessary- - to- appoint a "County Central itt?Marcn at me arae nour and place. ; Committee when it was suggested that , Af,! A. Caine, Asu Seq. ji vi from each settlement be nominated committee, to' present the names of those Jadies to be ;xoted upon' to constitute-pai- d ; The ' suggestion was made a oman Suffrage .Assocfat ion' r held its committee. The motion and the call of the roll represented as regular meeting in the ihird Ward Assembly G Huntsville preseut delegates, Slaferville 3, HalI,OgdenFeb lltb 181)1. A suitable prayer HarrLsville North 5, 'Ogden 6, Riverdale 7,' was offered by the Hon. lYD.lvicbardsprevious Marriot 9, Mound Fort 8, Wilson .Lycne 3, minutes read and approved. Lane and a 1, large, delegation from Oiden. Pres.' E. Y.Stanford stated thatas this, ;was me were e leoteA ladies iouowinsr Aiir annnnl mpptintr fnr fHa lst inn .C -BhrwraltBriefly report thcr hrborr BttfrlXmr nd L. M.v Richards. ' -,Lih , association the vp,, ,J 6u'"r ; Short hut interesting snpppKu ..vf vcora tUb'I "V1. than meetings had been held which were usually made by Mr. D. McKay, Mrs. Stanford, well attended. Ablaand interesting addresses Mrs. Brown, J. S. Richards and L. M. Richards had been delivered by ladies as well as gentlewhen the meeting terminated. men, jvidjshe believed that a better; under- - : M. $. Wilcox. Sec stan'di'was ncwlbeing 'reached by both sexe3 on' the subject of, Woman's Suffrage, and that me quesuuu was growing .in lavor and DO SOMETHING. DEATH d-be OF-- A HEROINE - Editqk Woman's ExroNKN-Dear Sister: It seems as though it would n 4. - " be doing an ' injustice to the many friends (who reside in Utah, adjoining Territories and Mexico) of the worthy dead, not to give notice of her demise through the, columns of yonr valuable " -- paper which she esteemed so highly. Susanue Smith Adams daughter of Anthony Smith and Sarah Mahurau Smith. Meeks. Was born 30th May 1819 in Grasou County, bu,; lull Ji UT - CUU'IHWTCU lV vuiuvut Morgan County 111., where she became acquainted with Orson B. Adams to whom she was married on the 20th of .March, 1830.. In the fall of the same year she moved to Brown Co., 111. where in connection with her nusnana sne embraced tho Hosnoi ULLJiinrr-1840. In 1842 they went to Nauvoo wbero sha lived until 1846. Then she started West with her husband, crossed the Missouri River popularity. We have had good support from i on the loth of June and arrived at Council some of vourv prominent, male friends in this This was the watchword fwith -- which -- the Bluffs on the 16th of July, Coun ty. On Monday' last we oTgahfzed' an National Woman's Press Association called a ' There her husband volunteered in the U. S. association in Huntsville with 36 members. meeting at Willards, to discuss the subject of Service to go. to Mexico in defense' of his The officers wereIuly installed .arid we had-a- the Russian. Famine,- - wiih it3 attendant Her wish was to go also that she enthusiastic and enjoyable time. xMy many matters; the grain contributions of the west, country. ;might8hare;,.his burdens in that memorable duties and health, however "'are such that a the need of ships, and.the desire to help in any campaign. Consent; was obtained, and she few weeks g;o. I tenderetl .my resignation but Mrs. E. M. B. and every possible way. packed what little wearing apparel she had iu consented to continue to act until this meeting, "Marble stated the object of the meeting in a a pillow slip, and started on that toilsome WhileTfetire frohr the charge of thi3 associav spfcy speech of twq minutes, into which her journey through a wilderness . country with tion after a service of three years, my breathless articulation compressed the expresbut two quilU for bedding. Without a ; sy mpath ies are with the cause an d I shall sion of sympatbyK the ,out reaching, gaier waited murmur she on the sick,' daily-still give it all the support and encouragement the utter mortincation, and comfort and cheer to. all around degradation administering -i nd i gn a ti on of t h e people, "who were soon my feeble ability and efforts will admit of. bt thej Terr ilorial '" hindered alid'hnTperVy tBe "uhcoun table-acti- Santa Fe, rested five Mr. days and' took up the " Centralji! Ctininlittee I hero i.fnolr ; the? "chair of the: House of (non) Representatives. line of march' for Calitbrnia; In the Spring tendered her, and called upon Hon. 'F 3. Clara Barton then spoke of. what was needed, ot J 84 she arrived at rort John, (now Richards who fn an aWe manner exDlafned thfi and refuted tho statements that the Red Cross Laramie,) there it was learned that the Pioneers object and aims of women in establishing these Association had made any "appeal," also the jwere' a few days ahead. Following- their AssociatiosTice loy,fyl:i forbids an sextehd-e- d newspaper: announcements that money had reference to the many good - things refered heeh raised and sent to her. She said that the "Valley. Just in sight and within three miles to. The. effort was, most appreciatively received amou nt of grain al ready offered could be of the Pioneers carnal they had quite a time of tneans srejoicing. Traveling down to City Creeka bynberifidf JquiJrFplnh thre&weeks,; if only- some ' also She short distance below the PioneerV Cainp she Thet chairthen aunounccdj that the getting for shipping it could be assureti. to was election would "proceed to the of officers for the stated that Russia entirely willing accept pitched her tent on the 28th of July 1847. ' RnrMft'rinn CAtv No i'ar' of nf an Otrdpn this. orcnniTntinn pride or resentment stood iThanking God for the Oasis' o the Desert, feeling Instead ofrSefeiiCoyhtylas :i fey ghed to in me way. xussia s peupie were siarviug, and acknow;ledg ing Him foriheigood health a.ndthe government was (IOJI12 an in us aud protecting care she had enjoyed during V and scttlfeni 6n tstj inv the Cou n ty where d esired power. Many officials, including the Legation her weary travels with the Battalion and into nrnnro1l On motion the Chair fhere, had donated their salaries (a good ;the valleV. "fihft wan by the people. : - nnw F.vwMiu. vw wutiuu7 . j feuf&es tion for oii r ReiesentaUvesjBn t ;it -- er la uors in con n ection wit n Iim n U s band, as anbointedz theMM win2 M committee on nomination Mrs L. rr Farr, H. 'must brememberedJthat the' very cause of the servants, ofGod might direct. In 1 848 -Brownyail4 SlfR4caMY.gfiiii;a and !the famine, was also a cause of. decreased Bro. Adams raised 20 -bushels of wheat which L. M. Richards. In of the ;revenues, "and do all they could , the home ; was much appreciate by her, having lived committee to consult Mrs.' :F.' S. Richards, government could not do all that was needed the first Winter andxSpring on roots and atid .without hesitation, Russia would accept greens. 4As Women ' we need ,; :; addressed .the: meeting . : to be better informed off all public questions. ;They now made . a bonbon" .Mill Creek ' any help for hersufferipg people. The yonncladiesjarenot so;ratere?tEU!)i$ they I Irs. jloaa n a Tu rner ;read jeome ex tracts irom7 Iwhere theyXli ved: r quite1 wlnfortable - until-De1851; then they were calledXto Iron Co. should ! be" in the ''suffrage , ' "As we Hfe-- - to the London Spectator, and spoke with great ' where; they arrived on the i4th ofeb. 1852. appear in public we have to educate ourselves earnestnesjj. Ex. Governor Hoyt of Wyoming, was Here for the third, time the had heir name in public duties.. It i3 not politics that .c fichardEtanfbrd p.,if!' nf. : -- , , ' ' . -- ... " . - ? - --- its - . j ... i the-itbsen- , ee- , ? . ; , ? c. L degrade manbut 'man.ioa ffquntlyjdegra.deiil polities'; '; Woman, is not so much weaker than man, compare her duties with his and her -phydicat'gtrngth in many respects" equ air .departments' in pubiia service women should be called upon to do duty. A police matron is a very necessary officer, woman should take charge of. worAm her sex demands it, but she i is diffident aill back ward' The committee announced their readiness to report, and the following names were Canfield President,- Rnltha submitted. ' , : In-man- y . -- Mrs Kate S. TT'!t' 1 L IJA. ame- - -- enrolledwhich he said was the proudest, he had ever having been a member of that orgauizatiokin had conferred on him. He then outlined the. iiNauvoo and also in Great Salt Lake.', Ii 1S'"J.fillia 1193 Cat ii nn .f K f plan of the "committee for sending help to Kussia, of which he is chairman arid spoke Smith to wait upon her sex in sickness. For fenthusiasucally ofwjiat is being done,' arid of thirty eight years sVe- humbly pursued her the power which" can be wielded by the press calling with great success. Putting her trust , in God she stimulated uhe faith of those with jn arousing, puoiic senumeui, aim lybiami,' whom she labored bringing peace, joy and ; own cheer to all among whonxshe administered. alluded good tp,his the cause. He modestly ' efforts being made by the In the fall of 18G5 she moved to Harrisburch the and portion, Relief""; Washington County7and i fcommitte, and red-- a sent to was to to; M in that clergymen, had been prepared Society organized plae, and she' f rodnced. rifcndT iW-oman-- 3 A -- . 4 1 - stirring-appealryhi- ch ; . 