WOMAN'S Hi EX I 'ON K NT. ) parure of a woman and give her her greatest charm. Far from this Mm. Sewall U fort ' recherchec in her toilettes,? bein coquette tnevie" E. We have grown old together; we have seen, Our youth and are between. Two generations leave u, and today We witli the third hold way, - Loving and loved. If thought must backward ' run To those who, one by one, In the great silence and the dark beyond Vanished with farewells fond, j DK ATI I OF A S WEET CH I LD. , Unseen, not lost; our grateful memories still Their vacant places till. with the And, greeting of new friends, A tenderer whisper blends. : full-voic- ed do-in- Dear Aunt Em: May I tell your readers about a little girl whose loving ways and sweet disposition endeared her lo aJLu ho became acquainted vvith her? among the sisters and that the Society Grace Victoria, daughter of Thomas G. and Jane IJatt Winn, was born in Smithfield, Cache was a blessing. Sister Heaps of Esealanta - reported their Her. County, on the 29th of February, 1SS4. home was in Smithfield until the spring" of 1S90, Society in a very fair condition, was pleased" to meet with the sisters again, as it was sixtwo since which time, with her mother moved away; brothers, she. has lived in Salt Lake City, untii teen years since she Sister Isabella King reported the Kingher death, which occurred on the morning of . : Linked close in a pathetic brotherhood Of mingled iU'and good, Of joy and grief, of grandeur and of shame, For, pity more than blame The gift is thine the weary worlcl to make More cheerf ul for thy sake, Soothing the tars its Miserere pains, With the old Hellenic strains. ' , 1 -- ior-so-t s-- Cirele-Villhad mT"1- thiPSropsy- - and "ISlster - Ruby- - reporled7 disease of 'the heart, which rendered her little thirty members enrolled and an average attendance of eight, sometimes felt almost life .a burden instead of the joyous; happy time generally known to childhood.' Yet she was so discouraged in trying to keep up the meetpatient, and usually so cheerful that it was very ings. J Sister Esther King reported Clarion, had out ching to watch or listen to her. ortr rhtdr- -: r ston, had but eight members, consequently did but little, still felt blessed in being or; : . ganized. -- August 4, 1892. Little Grace had been a great sufferer, for more than a year from the effects of scarlet fever. Enough of selfish wailing has been had, 1 ad . L'ghting the sullen face of discontent With smiles for blessings sent. JLLaiik ( o. ' j reports from the different branches of the Society in the Stake. B. Heywood of Pangtiitch Counselor was sorry the President was unable to at- 'tend through sickness, so it became her duty-- to represent the Society hoped to be able to do it truthfully and satisfactorily, could say that-th- e Society was alive and g a little, out of one hundred and fifteen names enrolled had an average attendance, of about twenty, just a few who kept the gizrhT'TT"r" er - . Life is indeed 110 holiday; therein Are want, and woe, and sin, Death and its nameless fears, and over all Our pitying tears must fall. - Thy hand, old friend! the service of our days, In differing moods and ways, May prove to those who follow in our train Not valueless nor vain. Often, she would request those who were around her to sing for her; and at the time when her last breath was .drawn, they were sieging her favorite hymn, "O! my Father, Thou that dwellest," she opened her eyes for a moment and smiled upon her friends, last of all, her mother, then closed them as if in peaceful sleep, She loved her.Sunday School and Primary Association very much, and so won the hearts of 7 Far .oft, and faint as echoes of a dream, he songs of boyhood seem, Yet on our autumn boughs, unflown with spring, The evening thrushes sing. 1 The hour draws near, howe'er'delayed and late, hen at the Eternal Gate We l leave the words and works we call n, And lift void hands done For love to fill. Our nakedness of soul Brings to that Gate no toll; Giftless we come to him, who all things gives, And live because He lives. V . her little associates of the nth Ward, (where she had lived most of the time since coming to the City,) that every attention they could bestow upon their suffering friend was gladly given by the little girls. At her funeral, members of the our-ow- jmaFyfrthe- -j ilKS71VIAY " WEIGHS SE WALL; An acute observer of personal growth has said that in five years the three most prominent women in this country would be ' Mrs William C. Whitney, Mrs. Totter Palmer and Mrs. May Wrjght Sevvall. The news of Mrs. Sevvall's triumphs abroad this summer which come to us through exchanges copied from foreign papers would seem to confirm such a prophecy at least as far as her part of it is concerned. Rarely has an American woman been so feted. Receptions were given her in all the leading cities of Germany and her visit with the Empress Frederick will do much for the cause of woman. In a long conversation the Empress expressed the deepest interest in the plans of the National . and International Council of Women and also in the plans "for the womens congresses at the World's Fair. Her Majesty requested Mrs. Sewall to continue in correspondence with her. This -- success was repeated in Brussels and Paris, Mrs. Sewall Lecturing nr1othFrerichncf German. Her portrait was" "published in ilLe : J!?nde Mustrlt"mX. interviews and portraits in more than . sixty-- , French r. portrait is from the" Pans Hgaro. "Among the many guests of distinction Paris counts in this moment Mm. May Wright Sewall one of the most distinguished women of the United Stales une lfer50mien Visage sympathique, encadrr d nne chrjehtre d' uti blanc de ncigc. One must not believe that Mrs. Sewall partakes in the question oVrights,'. of those exaggerated ides which, in Trance and elsewhere, would for example, make masculine the vpstmnntc suppress those thousand irrare--v6M- , thirty members enrolled, but were badly-scatter- ed, mostly living on ranches, all seemed to feel well and willing to attend . when possible. Sister Elizabeth Howard of Salt Lake City was introduced and addressed the con-- " Terence, regretted that we had in tl?e Tabernacle owing to the heat and crowded room. Hoped every sister1 repeated in her heart the opening prayer, found things here about the same as elsewhere, said why was "it the sisters in Zion would neglect their meetings, instructed the teach- ers upon their duties, and advised them to not-conven- ed - jtYardamllidr Resident,: Sister Louie Felt, with her Counselors, sang .the teach. Spoke at some length upon that sweet hymns of peace and rest Grade had loved and other subjects. -- so- much in life. Sixof the little girls were also , sister the pall bearers. The little white coffin was was next introduced as a representative covered with lovely flowers; one beautiful white Trom the Y. L. M. I. A. began her remarks floral pillow, bearing in ' its center in purple by reading the second Hymn, spoke upon the subject " of prayer; and the record blossoms, the sweet name, "Grade," was presented by the Primary to which she had belonged we make each day, should study and emu- and will be preserved as a,precious memento by late the Uvea of all great and good men and the sorrowing mother and little brother women. The services were conducted by Bishop Robert Counselor Sarah P. Crosby spoke a few Morris of the nth Ward. Very consoling and inof our conference be-- " vdsinexplanation structive words were spoken by Elders Wm. W. coming annual instead oTguarterly as elseSalmon, L. W, Richards, J. H. Felt, E. J. Brooks, where Singing, prayer by A. Reding. and Bishop Morris. Many friends were in attend2 p. m., Sisters convened in the Taberance from different wards. At the grave, he dedicatory prayer was offered by Elder Joseph IL nacle, hymn sang "Oh, my Father," Prayer by Haden W. Church. Singing Felt. Then 'O! my Father Thou that dwellest," V "Praise ye the Lord." was sung; and ittle Grade's remains were left to Sister Pinney reported the Georgetown f the sweet repose of and innocent. .iif- ' . -- " -- 1 the-pur- e . . JL REPORTS, FANGUITCII. . Louisa. , . Society, Sister Lafevre the Cleveland both in. about the same condition as other branches. Sister Eardley again "addressed the conference, spoke at some length upon the evils of Sabbath breaking, the word of wisdom, and the government of children. SisterHowardfollowed-withexcelle- nt instructions on different subjects, referred to many evils indulged in by our young people, one of which was excessive y waltzing to counsel. Tendered Sister Zina's love to the sisters and solicited their faith and prayers in her behalf, closed with a few words in behalf of the Exponent and Deseret Hospital. President J. W. Crosby also spoke of the evils of Sabbath breaking, and thought the sisters in Zion were livinor hor rPH(n LxjiLer man tne men. wouia like to hear the ; president Barbara Myers endorsed what Dear Sister: Our annual conference convened August 3, agreeable to had a very good attendance ofappointment both home and visiting sisters. After singing, Patriarch J. L Hey wood opened the meeting services with Prayer Hymn sang "Lord we come before thee" now." President Barbara Myers made a lew opening remarks, felt thankful for this vnvu1JUJ ui inteune: aeam in tl,;c . .." v-ii- y, con-trar- -- . - 