JWOMAN'S EXPONENT) 132, The Relief Society is a much more important or g'anization than it has been thought by even many of those interested in the work; looking back at Woman's Exponent. the sayings of the. Prophet Joseph Smith, and reflecting upon the prophecies he uttered in reference to this great Society "one carl' see that the great things predicted have many of them come to pass and can thus feel assured that other-thingwill yet have their fulfillment. During the last few years the Relief Society has made rapid strides in recognition outside - the valleys of the mountains. In 1888 the Relief Society and Y. L. M. I. A. also the Primary Associations became connected with the International Council of Women, which is a Federation of womens' associations all over the world; this is a wonderful step in the march of advancement for women everywhere, uniting them in one great band of sisterhood, a common sympathy with each others' interests and for the accomplishment of the greatest good for each and Editor. EMMELlhE B. WELLS, Published In "Salt Lake 'city, Utah Terms: No Knecopy one year; $1.00; one copy six months, 50 cts. reduction made for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, semi-monthl- y, extra for postage one year, 25 Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, 52.50; per month. 53.00. A liberal discount " to regular advertisers. . ExrcnsrEXT-officer.or2- .5 E.. South" Temple Street," second ate east of Deeret News Office. Business hours from 10 .m : to 5 p.m, every day, except Sunday Address all business communications to PUBLISHER WOMAN'S, EXPONENT, Advertising rates: Entered at the Pott Office in Salt Lake City, Utah, as Second daxt Matter. March - 15, 1892. -- THE RELIEF SOCIETY. Programme of Exercises. The general Jubilee meeting will be held in the Large Tabernacle in Salt Lake City, commencing at 10 a. m., Thursday, March 17, 1892, it being fifty years since the first , organization, March 17, ' . Singing by- - the Tabernacle Choir, Prof. E. Organist The Grand Invocation, by Eliza R. ; Snow, "O .My Father, thou that dwellest." M. Cannon. Prayer by President Angus Singing, "How firm a foundation, ye saints of the Lord." . ; Opening Address; President, Mrs. Zina D. H. Young. Reading, The Revelation to Emma Smith, Mrs. Zina Y. W. Card. pared for he occasion. Singing by the' Choir, Original Song by Mrs. Emily H. Woodroansee,"The 'Daughters of Zion! The Friends of the Poor." .V After which, Addresses will be made by the First Presidency, (Providence permitting.) Addresses by Counselors, Mrs. Jane $. Richards and Mrs. Bathsheba W. Smith.' "y". Addresses-bthe Apostles. Speech by Mrs. Sarah M. Kimball, Secretary, and Mrs. M. Isabella Horne,Treasurer. - - Sentiments, The Relief ocietyandrhe-Wq-- " men of Zion. Mrs. E. B. Wells, Cor. Sec'y. ,'. Anthem, "Daughter of Zion? Awake From Thy ' Sadness." Prayer af High Noon, By One of the First Presidency. of-th- THE NEED OF PRESS REPRESENTATION. The Jubilee celebration will mark a most important event in the history of the women of Zion, and will doubtless be even more momentous in the future than tFose 'who participate therein can realize, or appreciate while thus engaged. We look around and behold things near that seem common' place, events which are transpir ing are in themselves so real, that it detracts almost from their significance; but when "distance Jends enchantment to the view," when time has mellowed all the hardness, if any there were, when . ages, or an age, or generation have past, these same exigencies through which one sometimes passes fearfully as it were, become "foot prints of time," made, glorious because of the strength and importance they bring in the links of the chain of history of the times, and of the, world. " '.. .. - wcii-uciu- - -- In view of all this and much more that might be said upon the subject, and in view of the Relief Society in ita. entirety, one can easily see how essential and almost imperative it is, that such a great body of women with common interests residing in different localities, and in many countries should have . spe cial represe ntation through the press, and through a newspaper of their own. It does not seem as though it need be necessary to say to them what advantages it gives . 1 n. y, . a lly TT vnAvrTtT in 4ot' f and keep it, for it will contain the record of their work and a portion of Church history;" he also added "and T give you a mission to v rite brief sketches of the lives of the - leading women of Zion, and publish them." These are his exact words as near as we remember and are written down in the diary of the writer kept of daily ....... happenings. This celebration must be emphasized very strongly through the press, and without an organ could it have the same expressly for women-hoprestige. The time has arrived when it has be come an actual necessity to awaken a greater d interest. The matter has and more been talked about in the Relief Society Confer ences anu ia umerem piaues iu uic .country wnere the sisters have visited and held meetings, but so little has been accomplished in this way," that "it is .. . w wide-sprea- " rr rr ". caarely-notieabte- r Mrs. Zina D. H. Young in one of the General Conferences of the Relief Society when urging the sisters to sustain home papers etc, said, she had advised in places where she had traveled and thought it.proper, to have two sisters appointed in each ward to cahvass for the Exponent and she gives now, that thisbe uuDLuDe uonar a year is a verjrsmau item, out if that is too much two or three, can join and take the paper together. And certainly before subscribing for any paper outside the Territory, sustain the one published in your own interest at home; wherein you have the opportunity to represent jpursanheprganizations with, which . you are connected. It is to be hoped that this Jubilee will wake up those that are indifferent to the growth and de velopment of women in this age and to the needs of active help in the present ; there is much to be done in the work of reform and of educational uplifting and many stand aloof and do not render any assistance, and even ridicule those who are brave and earnest and persevering; thinking it uncalled for, because forsooth perhaps they have some strong arm to lean upon, but how easy it would be when-thprotected, thus fortified, to reach out a helping hand to those who stand as it were alone, and there are many such. One of the important lessons which this grand Jnbilee will possibly teach,or is likeiy to;impress upon all is that of love and union. Love is the great power that will lift mankind to a higher plane, true love, the love that brings out all the best and noblest qualities of the human soul. The love of God and the love of our fellow-meThis great and grand organization of the Relief Society that has almost made a band around th . his4s-the-coun- sel- -- us of the very women who receive thebenefits de rived from this source, do not know or comprehend the actual necessity of helping to sustain even by subscription, the paper which for the last -twenty years has championed their cause and ad- vocated the various improvements, and their results, all along the line of march in which women are steadily advancing to the higher plane of edu cation, progress and development, socially, politi-calland spiritually. is a truth, "that what one has at home is Ie ss 1 rn nrrfr "foil fKa cielprc t':6mrPm" -- a. 1 -- . 1 7 V. em-phatica- -- L. 4. - - In 1891 at. the National - Council of Women which grew out of the International, the Relief Society and the Y. L. M. I. A", became connected with that organization also, and they stand on the same platform with all the other great organizations of women throughout the - United States. The President, of the Relief Society and the Y-M. I. A. are Vice Presi- President e dents (by virtue of that office) of the National Council and the lnternational Council, and have the privilege of their opinions and wishes being considered and cf a vote in any Executive" meeting of the officers and are consulted when any business of importance comes before the Board to be transacted.' They are also entitled to representation at any meeting or session of the Council itself, and to send one delegate who shall have the same privilege as the President herself. This may seem a very small thing to some people who do not un- "d erstand : w hart h ese; gre af bodi doing, nor what importance their .strength and - number gives to'whatever they attempt in the way of ad vaacetnent,or reform. - ne iftdtvidualaroaer- or one organization alone may not get their ideas presented in a way to be heard and considered, but when a combination of great organized bodies come with their expressed views and desires, it carries with it a power and significance, that is bound to get recognition, and representation. These great and grand Councils of. womW. Societies, Associations and Clubs, form, what might be termed a great Congress where they represent their constituents in whatever is determined upon n their respective localities by those interested in any great measure. They are there to represent not themselves asMndividuals buUbe organization that jhas made them its leader or - delegatef" THE JUBILEE CELEBRATION. - alt a ne-ha- , Salt Lake City Utah. V. nil-va- s cts. Salt Lake City, appreciated than 'what comes from abroad, and the saying of the Scripture that "a prophet is not without honor save in his ovn country," is also true, and of many other things it is equally true ; !t A .. 4 uiuiociA f i.r uut. utiusr Ufmp.if nmiuuvmai wnicn umjYucu vnA become daily aecustomed to 'then he "realizes how necessary, or advantageous, it was to his iiit u: wcudic oi In this Jubilee year of the Relief Society and especially since it was decided to' celebrate it apa recognition of woman's advancepropriately ment in the line in which the best and most marked work has been done ; thecalls made from all quarters, to give information on this and that, and answer questions, as to woman's work u the Society, and so many other things bearing upon the same topics, has told more plainly and than ever before how lame the Society would be without this paper for reference, and how impossible it would be to keep posted, without tjie help of the press. ....... . 1 T1! t..J iu uiinu :J. iitta caiicu xuc vvinci more viviaivrnnn ever before the, words' of 'the late President-BrighaYoung, wberi on one occasion he was giving her some advice about conducting the n. m 