WOMAN'S EXPONENT.. CO Woman's Exponent. EMMEL1NE Published 11 semi-monthl- Editor. WELLS, in Salt y, Lake City, Utah. Terms: one copy one year, fi.oo; one copy six months, Socts. No reduction made lor clubs. City papers delivered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, 3,50; per month, 53.00. A liberal diss count to regular advertisers1, Exro.NKNT office, No. 25 E., South Temple Street, 5ccona gaic easi qi ucscrci iews uiucc. nuime uuuia from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, ..' ' Sai.tJLakeity-Utah- . ing poem set to such thrilling music as the world has seldom if ever seen. The description of the dresses worn by the ladies is something appaling, and we therefore leave such matters:! to society j. r.t writers, ana coiueni uurbeives wun men tioning only the two natiOnal lady commissioners from Utah; Mrs. Margaret Blaine Salisbury wore a dress of white faille Fraucaise embroidered in silver with ornaments of diamonds and pearls. Mr Whalen's gown was a canary colored crepe trimmed in brocade orange ribbons with or- -' nameuts of .diamonds. V America by the children the Rev. Dr. Utter offered prayer and then a song for Columbus Day composed for the occasion was sung, the effect of the music by such a multitude was exceedingly grand. Other exercises of a most interesting and intellectual character followed, all calculated to make a deep impression upon the minds and hearts of the children. Similar exercises were held in the Latter: day Saints College, the Utah University and in the various schools in all parts of the ' ' -- Territory "Last night society set the glittering seal of unon the her nnnroval - - World's Fail-- ' 'V Tim 1 "i 1 In the afternoon a grand concert was Entered at the Pout O.fue in Salt Lake City, Utah, as given in the Tabernacle also in the evening, at which time fully a thousand voices, November Salt Lake City, i, 1892. joined in the choruses and anthems etc., under, the leadership of the famous MASS MEETING OF WOMKN. .musicians. Professors H van Stephens," and H. E. Giles, who deserve Tin:' Salt Lake County World's Fair Association of women will hold a mass the highest encomiums of praise for the meeting in the Theatre in this City grand success achieved. Nov. 3t at which time it is hoped there Chief Justice Zane delivered an eloquent will be women from all parts ofthe county, address and Bishop O. F. Whitney read an and that a great interest will be aroused in historical poem on Columbus of his own regard to the exhibit to be made, at the composition, which was received with Columbian Exposition in 1S93. Every woman should make an effort to do something hearty applause and created considerable in this direction that Utah may not be be- entlnisiasm. The poem as a whole was a hind any other state of equal size and popu- beautiful tribute to the memory of the great lation. There will be a number of short ' - shakers, most of discoverer and qlso to our own Washington, speeches Imade by-athem young wouie It is a cause in which and contains many superb passages, rich the public are interested and there should with thought and exquisite in feeling and be an enthusiastic audience. A programme altogether - telling in sentiment. The will be published in the daily papers. language sublime and the construction quite in keeping with the glorious theme. r We COLUMBUS DAY intend publishing it in full in our next ceremonies have been as successful and even more so than had been anticipated since the first notice of the outbreak of cholera The feasting and dancing and abroad. like festivities as also the toastincr nnH such speech-makin- g have all been of the highest" order possible. The one great drawback to the enjoyment of the occasion has been the absence of the Chief Executive of the nation and the lamentable cause, viz. the serious illness of his wife, by whose bedside he is second class matter. , Thos.-Radcliff- . e, . tenderly watching, while these great events in which both were expected to take the most prominent part are being celebrated. Cleveland out of cuurtesy and respect and with a laudable appreciation of the position of President Harrison voluntarily absents himself from the scenes of attraction in which he also was expected to play an active part. ' The dedicatory oration by Hon. Henry Watterson was an eloquent effort though hastilv nremred , we aunie wv. nnp rf tTio vm. rtrn. Jn.i j . x ing41 paragraphs. We are met this day to honor the memory of Christopher. Columbus, to celebrate I lx-rreside- ble issueand co October the school children of this Cjty assembled in the various districts to march in proeessiojjn filled with .them and crowds of people gathered to see the exercises and certainly It was a beautiful sight. Bands of music were in attendance, flags and banners gaily floating in the breeze, the day was fine and alf things Perfect order was kept ajad propitious. . nlwitlf Mcrht tlmiicrmrl oliilt-or- i vv.uuu mrM-Uti- l.ua.1 A IY)'VS and two to the large Tabernacle where they were seated and the programme as arranged was carried out. Presidents Wilford Woodruff Geo. Q. Cannon and other prominent men were among the- - specimfe "occupying . a position near the choir. Prof. Maloue of the High School . read the President's proclamation for the day to be observed J as-- a holidayrand Rowe by request read Gov. Thomas's proc- Miss-Alic- e" JtlLllUliVJll .... 1V1 . - XV.iiilUi ".".''I. - ' The ceremony of raising the flag was performed by of the Gr'ArRrihe" was -- front of the organ, arid" afterwards remained suspended, the Taber nacle juvenile choir baud struck the air "America'' and as the fi, of the staff the rolling Irunrvvas heard and trie veterans led ttie assemblage in three . flag just-iu -- nfr--rpi-Mist .'r clieers for old glory. The Hurrahs were inspiring from so " 1 a 1 History of Utah, The lent and one should mention many of the performers sTJeriaJIyjt we can only mention Miss Lillian Roberts, of Provo who charmed the audience with her sweet voice and Mrs. Anne Colburn Plummer who both gave rich se- Jectionsand were vociferously applaudedr The musical merit of the cencert is unquestionably excellent. nt x- - .. ' dheonrhtfMfeth -- -- of his transcendant achievement and with fitting riches to dedicate to Am prim nnrl ihe. universe-the "concrete" exposition of the wonas progressneteerrT4prrd In his 1892. ' closing remarks, he alluded to the made display by the children of the schools all over the land, in these beautiful words: Ihese, indeed, are our crown jewels, the truest though inevitable offspring of our civilization and development; representatives of a manhood vitalized and invigorated by toil and care; of womanhood elevated and inspired by liberty and education. God bless the children and their mothers. God bless our country's flag, and God be with COLUMBUS DAY IN CHICAGO. us nw and ever. God in our roof-tree-s TriB commencement of the dedicatory shaded and God on the highway; God in the winds arid "waves and God in all our ceremonies of the Columbian Exposition began in Chicago on the 19th of October with hearts."-Mrs. delivered--- an address the formal inaugural reception to the guests on the 'Work of the Board of Lady ' of honor. It would be utterly futile to attempt a also offered congratulations and description of the magnificence of the prepagreetings to the women of all lands. rations and paraphernalia though onlycul-frpMrs. Henroitin gave a salutation in honor diSpatchesrso weJshalLnly say" of Queen Isabella which was there was a great procession of official highly apd plauded...f distinguished guests foreign and There were several speeches native born, andthe.decorations included by disn carloads of flowers and smilax, and besides tinguished, orators and choruses the "stars and stripes, the colors of auu uiauuns, ana. tne cereSpain and closed and monies with n the Italy flags and banners of - all wonderful disolav of n re wrkrt'o ran nations. :;LAfter:fcrnous selections rendered by the mg the greatest events and also places etc. grand; orchestra a grand march was led bv o t3 tilt uiiuuum scene of a Columbian Congress, the militarv offipprc xmvj infrt .TrT,:t, .Luii. lue purely v j in which women participated. throng merged, and floating into amoving quadnlle the blaze and dazzle of the insignia , and flitter of the mcfumoc y Deorge Wm. Curtis by his will left alf nssmon of the dancers must havebeen a liv his property to his wife -- Potter-Palmer- ' , m digni-tanesan- - well-know- uuiuj ' YY V t.-.- v. absolutely 