112 The death of Prino6 Albert Victor, eldest TRIBUNE, son of the Prince oi Wales, who was the immediate heir to the throne, has softened . Edited . and published weekly at Washington 'every heart" towards the bereaved "father.7 D. C, by Clara Bewick Colby. Prince George Frederic, "Sailor Prince," now Price, SI. 00 a year. Trial Subscriptions, five becomes heir in the regular line of succession. weeksjforJOjoents. Other deaths of world wide interest are those Woman's The Journal, of Boston, and the Woman's TriofM. Quatrefages de Breau, the well known of be sent to one adWashington, D, bune, Director ot the Museum of Natural History dress for $3.00 per year. in lana; rroiessor ivuenen, tne uioncai White of scholar, at Ley den: and Charted Boston, writer of popular sous and ballads. ni ng is-tiay JatiLihedeath-oi-Cardnml-Maannounccd. who, leavincr the Church of Keeps on Hand England, became a convert - to Roman AND GOODS DRESS TRIMMINGS, FANCY Catholicism in 1857. He was noted not only AND ARTICLES BOOKS NOTIONS, as a writer of ecclesiastical books, but also 'for AND STATIONERY, EQUIhis work inthe cause of social and temperance POISE WAISTS, ETC. intra Dress irraUIiiff In all its branches. lUilllnerv. reform. Un, the same day, in Rome, Cardinal and IZonnets cleaned and ' retrimmedt Hats styles Simeon, formerly Panal "Secretarv of State Feathers curled, etc. Mumping (lore tonorder. But. tons covered wniieyou wait, uuriai siuw !ieclalty. died from La Grippe. furnishing conveyances to take, us on. We arrived at Kanosh at the time appointed hut ouwi funeral services being conducted over the remains of a little boy Willie George who had been burned to death, .Brother Kichards made very comforting and consoling remarks at the services. On account of the funeral we could not hold Relief Society meeting. Part of the" company took dinner at .Bish'opJVatkins ahcUhe balance at Sister Adelia Kimball's, president of- Relief P.nrirfv nf Tvanosh. ur-fKtarted for Meadow arrived at 2 o'clock p. m. There was a good attendance of the people of that place also several wagon loads of brethren and sisters from Kanosh and one load from Fillmore. The house was crowded and we held a three hour3 meeting, and the spirit of God was. poured out abuiuk antly upon speakers and hearers. The speakers were principally Brother, and Sister Richards and the Stake Presidency. -5 p. m. leftuslfiai ..lose JqlIuII . " . . C.,-wi- ll . - !,, n -- . -- - ' . . Ex. FIIIST SOUTH STKISET, Q TP III. UO Three doors west of Theatre. TST IN U. t- It a special meeting for that evening. As soon as we arrived some of them waited on Sister Richards and other sistersof the party, and invited them to come and talk to them. A room in the State House was well filled; with ladies, principally yonng ladies. Sister Richards and other sisters talkecTvelypTalaly and thankfui to all them. who " Died at Clarkston, Utah, Nov 9, 1891, Thaophania Grifnthsrdaugfrter of the late"VilliamndrMary" Gnffi tf" was born Jan. 6, 1840, at Nanton, Beauchamp, England. She emigrated to Salt Lake City in 1862; was married to John Griffiths Nov. 22, and moved to Logan the same year, moved to Clarkston 1864, at which place her husband died Sep. 27, 1869. She was the mother of two sons """" and three daughters; "" Sister Griffiths was chosen Treasurer of. the Relief Society in 1873, which position she held tiT the time of ler death'fshe wasfa faithful Latter-da- y Saint aud was very much respected by all who knew her, she took pleasure in doing good at all times and under all circumstances and died in the hope of a glorious resurrection. , . ing bad visited L.L Left next morning for Oak City. HelcLmeet-in- g at 3 p. m. Some of the brethren aud sisters wished another meeting theie, but Sister Richards was much fatigned from traveling so far over rough, dusty roads so they had to dispense with it. The Leading Retail OBITUARY. -- for-com- SALT LAKE CITY. 000,000 only are Christians. dBtoserydbterestiBgdostra and Sister Richard3 and others Met again at - 2 p.ra., held a three hours m eeting and h ad a. V'iricl 26, 28, 30 and 32 East 1 st South St. t Assuming the population of the world, according to the latest estimates, to be about 17450,000,000, it is estimated that 1,05U,000? dA1of course, 400,- - we forget it. All paid marked attention and had an excellent meeting. Tuesday morning the parties above mentioned including the Stake Presidency, started for Deseret, thirty miles northwest. Wehafted about half way at a spring and partoofc ot a nice lunch. The weather was very pleasant but the roadi rather rough. 10 a. m., the three The next morning at wards Deseret, Hinckley, and Oasis met in the school house at Deseret where we listened to jaouse-Art-seemedrirtl- RETHOMA upon the blade. weHhi nkbey-will- o lothBTrrk-an- d - very full is not; work that kills men; it is worry. Work is healthy; you can hardly put more upon a man tban he can bear. Worry is rust " s ' ' (Dasli HotLse, JC T HOMAS ''' ' .' ' -- ' ' THE "GRANDE W ESTER left Oak City for Leamington. Friday Held meeting at 3 p. m and again received excellent instructions from all. We were received everywhere very kindly the brethren and enters doing everything in their power for our comfort. We all felt .thank iul for this and most grateful to Brother and Sister Richards for thejr counsel and encouragement. Their visit to this Stake will long be remembered' by the saints, and will certainly result in a great amount of good. We pray that their long and useful lives may be lengthened, until they have accomplished . all the good their hearts desire. At 3' olock" a. m. KovT, Brother and Sister Richards left Leamington by train for their home in the north and later in the morning the" their homes, which we all reached in safety, - well pleased with our trip, and thanking God that his care had been over U3, and tor the kindness of our brethren and sisters. Elizabeth F.; Yates,-- " Pres. of Relief Society .Millard Stake. ; - . - LOUINDA E. TlIOM PoON, Martha J. Robison, Counselors. Com. . . THROUGH THE . . RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. ROCKY MOUNTAINS! To the memory of Hannah Howe, who departed thi life Dec. 24, 1891. She was born in Warwickshire, Eng land, Dec 26, 1830. The wife of Thomas Howe, and the mother of six children, four of whom are living to mourn her loss. Whereas, the great Ruler of the. universe has inTIis'-In-finitwisdom, removed.fiom our. midst, our ...worthy, .and esteemed Howe Whereas, the intimate relations held during a two years membersnip in the Woman's bultrage Association of American Fork City, makes it fitting that we record our , appreciation of. her. Therefore, be it resolved that the wisdom and ability which she has exercised "in aid of this association by counsel, service and funds will be. held is grateful remembrance. Choice of Three Distinct Routes, THB AJTD IN THE WORLD. Two Fast Express Trains Daily OGDEN, SALT LAKE AND DENVER. ELEGANT RECLINING CHAIR CARS! Pueo of Cliarge. THE EQUIPPED RAILWAY IN THE WEST. MOST TE020UGHLY D. 0. DODGE, Gnl. gr. A. E, WELBY, : J. H, BENNETT, Snpt. TINKERS CAS,VVATR 1IOURS.- -8 to 10 a.: m., 4 to 0 p.m. v Direct Connections made in Union Depots. v ' ' EACH WAT BETWEEN ResoWcdf that, with deep "sympathy ith the afflicted -children. friends and husband, of the deceased Wexpfess an earnest hope that even so great a bereavement may be over-rule- d for their highest good. . Resolved that a copy of ttese resolutions, be sent to the family also published in the Woman's Exponent, Salt Lake City and the American Fork the IndepcndU. same be placed upon the records of this Association. Hannah S. Lapish, Pres. ' : Mary A. Evans, Secy. Adopted this day Dec. 29, 1891. ,.v; MRS. M. E. VAN, M. I). SCENERY HOST MAGNIFICENT RAILROAD v -- " Manners carry the world for a moment character for all times. Standard Gauge RAILWAY! - we M G-- k V' Sl STEALS FITTERS ' Agent for RtJMSEY'S celebrated LIFT an d FO PDMPo. Pumps Repaired on short notice. Orders ft' R- QT he country promptly responded to. . ..i IAVD 3JLUZ2. Ees 3C6. SALT LAZE CUT. : 