WOMAN'S KXPONKNT. have made the roads, built the bridges and done are very encouraging to the author, who has ex the hard work, preparatory to securing ease and pended so much time, energy and thought in precomfort in the years that followed, they have now paring the work for the publishers. It is good the opportunity of examining this subject, making and it is pleasant to have one's work apprec'ated Editor. EMUELLE . WELLS, themselves acquiinted with facts through the it is like a soothing balm to the weary mind, but one cannot' consider the favor, or flattery of the reading of this book which gives a most exhaus- in Salt Lnke- City, Utah. Published litunk..IHC Terms! one copy one ye.tr, r.oo; one copy six months, public in writing history, but the rtal matter to IIVC V1CW rtllU tVWi H V! delivr No c!ubs,L made redaction p City 50 civ. be made use of: and whether it be agreeable, or beginning, and will in the succeeding volumes, ered by rruil, extra for postage one year; 25 cts. . that have since trandisagreeable it can't be left out; and the historian give the various events Advertising rates; Each square, ten lines of nonpareil disspace, one time, $2.50; per month, $300. A liberal generally speaking finds -- many things not to his spired, the increase of ; population, political count to regular advertisers. . , mind, but he cannot pick and choose in this, as changes, the advent of railroads and establishE.XIOXINT office, No. 2S E., South Temple Street, and in fiction, he must use as best he can the occur--r- e ment of the several religious denominations, second pate east of Deseret New s Office. business hours ' " from 10 a.m. to 5 p m. every day except iiujndjyJ. n ces -- 1 hat fra ve a ctn a ly ta ki n"place. Tlie" "Churches and other matters of interest, civil, Adlress all business communications to judicial and general. people may have chosen to ignore, or forget cer. PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, The second volume will give more concerning tain unpleasant things but the historian is obliged : Salt Lake Citv, Utah. to recognize everything, that pertains to the in" women than the first has ccntained, it will treat terest of the country of which he writes. In judgupon the enfranchisement of the women of Utah Entered at the Post Office in Salt Lake City, Utah, as conditions-tha- t 'second class matter. "followed, the es ing of history thereare-manthings to be contablishment of the woman's paper, the various sidered, the author may have talent, even genius, August 15, 1892. and here and there perhaps may. be an oppor-tunit- y nrrraniTatinnc nf wnmpn. rharitflblp" lifprarv nnrt Salt Lake Citv. to display .it, but if some portions of his for mutual improvement, in fact women will be work are dry and uninteresting the writer ought given a prominent- - place in the history. There ' THE HISTORY OF UTAH. not to be blamed if he has stated facts will be engravings of representative women in the A HjSTOftyjjfjhis ri- "nrnTipTfmst irr trtffti;trip; " in ' literaTV" and" table work. As to the literary merit of the history plated tor years, and at last the time arrived when the history, he has commenced a true and com n nnH in it urns; ratlv imrlprtalrpn as ia v farnpet h it abounds in glowing passages, and we find plete record of events, as well as to give everyfair prospect of the ultimate success of the enterthing m an original style, harmonizing with the that wherever the author has had the scope, be prise. The prevailing feeling everywhere seemed originality of the work he has undertaker and has shown his poetical talent in writing prse. time aird come be had that to the right that the the people who must necessarily form the nucleus The reader cannot fail to be interested and notice had been man selected the do work. to of the work in hand, as much as the Puritans of right the writer" has" told his story. Historians who anticipate doing their work satisNew England dothe history of the North Eastern None but a blindly prejudiced person could fail to factorily, must necessarily devote both time and states. Aside from this peculiarity of the subject see, he had given full credit to all the people of labor, and a great deal of each to the arduous Bishop Whitney's style is original in itself; as is the Territory and made it a fair representation,. task. noticable in his poetry, and in the books he has Men who do a great work like this are very rarely This one and that one comes forward with facts previously written. It is smooth in the main, but appreciated while they are living, and therefore and assertions, and anecdotes, and seemingly not so much so as to be tedious, but more like the should the history hi even severely criticised, it them all to be embodied in the work, country in which he has been born and reared, wjll only, be what has. happened to others.- nnliihe.d and elaborated bvJ the flnthnr'; o with and and 1. ravines 7. flights lofty heights, For our own part, knowing something of the deep ..J when nerrhance the whole hit. or mnst of it: is full of profound mystery, and silence that is subject matter, we can but accord the most aronly so much waste matter. The man who is grander than silvery speech; passages that dent commendation to the author, that he has make one pause and reflect in depth of meaning, to judge what his book shall contain, to know and sometimes he leads you through labyrinths and fashioning it so beautifully. what to use anu now to dispose 01 his subjects. of rough and tangled, ways, and brings you out There are parts of the book that remind the He may hear what some people have to say, but where the clear water reflects the real rlscfnnt!tro 01, k- landscape writer of that rplpl-iratcannot promise beforehand whether it will come in .of. Which ouJ Washington Irving rand 'ivirTriiyant"i(:ipate the ' cribe discarded.-:- I I istrs rtc iiinai"! f rntb wandered ' on, till you were brought face to face second volume in which the woman subject is to " recommend itself as genuine. with it in the living stream as it were. 'LUJL ..cj uuu wu u - uca J ..... Thert fore the historian utj - ariti excel- country of period 20nhejh lence of such as will give the highest wnrnceis nimsen a nercuiean tasKwhen he a large book of over 700 pages, elegantly bound tone Jo thelanguage exalted theme of woman; this second consents to write the history of a country, and printed on a superior quality of paperiii good volume will no doubt be looked for even more esneciallv when he nttemnts tn rnvnr fnrfu a sized type,ccrrecily punctuated, diction excellent, anxiouslv than the first hernusp nf tti intact t!ia and more, yes, nearly half a century as Bishop ever thing in the way of typ'ographicaLwoFkof-th- e first volume has awakened. Whitney bas done, and besides to go back to the best quality and workmanship, steel engravThis book brings the history to the civil war, causes that led to the settlement of thU unin ings of the pioneers and many of the prominent the vacating of Camp Floyd and relates in habited desert in the heart of the Rocky Moun- - men of the country well executed, also engrave nection "Other contemporary events; each chapter tain region, a thousand miles either East or West ings ot the three pioneer women who came with has stirring episodes that cannot fail to produce from civilization. the first company of pioneers to this desert mouiir strong and lasting impressions, and the story is Men may have education, thoughts, aspirations tain region, nut knowing whither they were to undoubtedly more thriiling and pathetic than the for great literary work, yet when one settles down find a resting place for also an feet, history of any other part of the western world. to the actual writing of such a history as this one engraving of the first lady School teacher in Utah. The it takes a vast amount of energyr vigor and exercountry itself having been previously With very much of the matter contained in shrouded in mystery as it were, the fact of its be cise of both brain and will power to fulfill the rethis volumejwe were already familiar and can tesing the haven of rest for weary pilgrims, and the ' quired purpose. Few people can appreciate such tify to its accuracy in detail. an exclusive labor as it must necessarily be: the' .isjiPsequenteveHt ,Those wbo cam wild and daring adventure. wuurc sum ui me auiuor must oe concentrated find maqy things brought to their remembrance upon the chain of events and circumstances to be through the incidents and related, they will connected and put in form in the right place, at thoroughly enjoy reviewing the past and having A GRAND WOMAN SUFFRAGE the right tmierand no mistake must be made; meir memories RALLY. and it perchance reireshed, one's brain is kept in a constaninJesLany glooniypTacesescribed, they will SOME Of thf Inr! inaccuracy shouldWeirinTalTd so absorbing is see how the Lord uuuiue oan Lake seem has brought his people safely more enthusiastic on the Such mental labor that it wears upon the subject of woman sufit all, into the light again and that nm. vitality the ner ves and the physical health more than the through than are frage those who live at the Capital perity has dawned upo:i them after the days of hardest manual labor the man is capable On the 59th of July at American Fork the " ' : r7: :'. adversity. ladies do. of And the Association had a Grand possibly yet those who know "very'little To the young people it will be a revelation aland a Rally very of this kind cf work'iiitempt to criticise, and good time. Teople were invited from sit most as many of them; know very little of other the places and some'.from this in judgment on those who writeTthe records of ; settlement of the country the conditions and cirCity, Hdn. C. W Penthe times, the histories that are to be handed rose, President Zina D. H cumstances through which their Young, Mrs. Lizzie down to posterity,' parents and auu u.c v,., writer went down on the morn- ; grandparents have passed, and what they One volume of the I Iistory Utah baSZlSeerr tng train and on arriving found carriages in wait- finished, and is now before the public and the To those who have heard mucit v n aKe' lhe ladies wore the 'V ribbon and and really yellow press of the country, to be reviewed and judged known little cf this part of the West, and of the quite a nuniber of gentlemen ui uu-umenis. bome vefy favorable, and even people who ramp nnrl nnonnrl .1 .SUnHowe grow all flattering notices have been received, and these va.es for a an. I V Woman's Exponent. semi-montlil- - 1 1 , 1 . the-poHti- cal y m $ Y-h- a r v. v " a J a u.-it- h a a . bow-imparti- ally ex-p- ft - - - a a -- -- tk::m : of-an- their-pilgri- - " " " of,-coul- d . of 1 : h i?SfS . tao.. :: , . wajrf?ft.aapi - whips' Jti ' with 