i. WOMAN'S EXPONENT 180 Emily Browne Powell writes for the N. Y. Tri- bune, Boston A merica n Un ion. Ladies Home Journal, of Ph'ia , Springfield Daily Union, Califomian Illustrated, and local papers. Mrs. Editor. EMMRUMl B. WELLS, counsel' in regard to Waterman -- keeps her 'Published la Salt Lake City, Utah Terms: her newspaper work and we have not yet ascerne copy one year, $1.00; one copy fix months, lb eta. No tained what papers she contributes to, but she is redaction made for clubs. City papere delivered by mail, a wide awake, earnest young woman, Very interextra for postage one year, 25 cts. esting in conversation. Mrs. Maggie Downing Advertising rates: Each square, tcu lines of nonpareil Brainard, of San Jose, is a typical Southern wospace, one time, UJft, per month, S3.0. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. man, reminds one very, much .of Mrs. Willmirth -- 25 E.T South Temple-Stree- ExroENT office,i-Kg second "East, is from Mississippi and decidedly clever, gate east of De?eret Ncvrs Oflice, 'Business hours from 10 a.m she is Ass't editor of Santa Clara Valley Monthly, to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. correspondent XoClarion Ledger'Raymond Gazette Address all business communications to and Natchez Banner, (all of Mississippi. PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, ' Lake Utah. City: Salt San Francisco, May 27, 1895.. talent to grasp the situation of affairs and to not only make'a success of what he undertakes but to do whatever is best for the Association to the perfect satisfaction of all concerned. To manage J a large party of men and women, look after the. transportation and see that everything goes right, at the same time to do the secretary's work and . answer every one's questions in the most polite and gracious manner as if it were a pleasure, is what but few people are capable of doing. There might be a great deal written of the do. Kin's flf tTlP Pnnuontinn lint nc it Je nuila imnnn sible to "tell it all" especially at one time in a small paper, we will leave some things to the imagination, and some to use nt anolhec timp in these columns. One of the best articles read at the Convention was (in our estimation) "Women Tn Journalism" by Sallie A.. Moses, and read by Mrs. S.JW. Pratt who gave good expression to the subject, modulating her voice well and altogether rendering it in a clear nnd forrihlp stvle which was vcrv nleas- V i . : ing to her hearers, On the last day of the Convention, there was a great deal of unfinished business to be disposed of and the officers for the ensuing year were to be chosen, and altogether with arranging transportation and bringing matters to a close there was a good ceal of a"hubbub." However the voting went on pretty well until some one suggested a woman for third-VicPresident; on this.ques-Jion- , there were a variety of opinions. Some. members holding that ivlrs. Jeanette Abbott a Chicago lady, the nominee, was not eligible, and some gentlemen were anxious to convince those- - WOMAFSEXPOMWF: 4 7? i semi-monthl- y, .. -- -- t, ! . Entered at the Post Office in Sail Lake Oily, Utah, a ' Second Hast Matter. Salt Lake City, June 15, THE MEN AND WOMEN WE MET. 1892. In San Francisco. JXHIS, THAT. AND THE OTHER. On the afternoon of Tuesday May 24, Dr. Alice The national editorial party has left the Pacific Coast, some of them going in one direction and some in another; a part of the excursion go to Salt Lake City ; some of them via Portland and the Northern country, and others, in a more easterly diretion,expecting to take in the various sights and wonders, and look up the Great West generally Here in San Francisco the weather is pleasant and the air delightful, with the fragrance of buds and blossoms. One can scarcely express the awakened by the floral beauties of this garden of. the world 'It is necessary to see for one's self In "order to believeTTor "ho description" given can do justice to the subject. Poets, may write, and artistsnay paint in glowing colors, but ''seeing is believing," for none of these however clever can approach the reality. rAfterr going rpuCt day there, which is the only relaxation we can take time to indulge in, then we will turn home- .'. .ward.no.tJfeorji.chQiceot;..th.exeis!nuch. still to be seen that would be very desirable, only editors .must-bea. their, post of .duty .and .not .away,, floating with the tide of pleasure, or of circumstances. One gets much material for use even in' a short trip to this Coast, for there is so much that is new and suggestive and the newspapers, if one can but take the time to glance through the startling netusey news. ' The Pacific Coast Woman's .Press Association is "what interests us most of all here, and the ladieS are doing good work ia many ways. The President' Mrs. Nellie Blessing Eystjhe'jiew Cor. .Sec'y. Mrs. Hannah Neall, the Recording Sec' y. Mrs. Emily Browne Powell, Ass't Rec. S ec'y. Mrs. F. W. D'Evelyn, arid the Treasurer Mrs. Florence Percy Mathesen with the Ex. Com. all seem to be very ffi well as abounding in energy, and with such able -- women as Mrs. Alice Miss Minna V. Lewis,Miss Eliza D.Keith (Di Vernon) and others associated in their work, they must make & success of any laudable undertaking. Thev are generous.and hospitable. clever, witty and amiable. Mrs. Mathesen was a Maiiie girl and talks of her native state enthusiastically, She is arranging to issue very' soon a voivmxbi poems of Paci ftc-- Coas - wr i tersf which promises to be an interesting work. The lady is a poet herself as well as a story writer and writes for Phila. Saturday EvctnnPolTLellie1 tratcd Weekly, Portland TranscripttWide Aiuake, Metropolitan and other journals. Miss Lewis is a correspondent of the Business Womatfs Journal, jY. Y. Ncrospaperdont, Kate Field's Washington, Harper's Bazar, California)! Illustrated, and the Home Maker. Mrs. D'Evelyn ?apTlc'l3'riiJe) wnies for the Victoria College Magazine, and Chicago Womads News. Airs. - ad-mirati- on . t them-O,-de- Carey-Watermania- warm-hearte- nd d, t- pwm ar, - , B. Stockham and her daughter Miss Cora tendered a reception to the ladies engaged in the Kindergarten work, the Pacific Coast WoStock-ha- m man's Press Association, and the visiting ladies of the editorial party at the parlors of the Palace Hotel. Miss Stockham is a lovely young woman, her very presence is like an inspiration and 'one can readily Selieve what Mrs. Stockham has stated that her daughter was her inspiration in preparing her.work on Tokology. This valuable work has been widely circulated in Utah; and Is the most complete work of the kind we have ever examined. We had the pleasure of goingio the reception woman to preside, one man near where we were with Mrs. Waterman, Miss Lewis,Mrs. D'Evelyn, sitting said imagine a woman presiding over such and Mrs. Mathesen of the P. C. W. P. A. Miss ah assembly as this ?" Stockham received the ladies in the most graceful Sure enough, we thought, for even the Presiand charming way,thbugh her mother had not yet dent, Mr. Catjeller, who is trying his best to main returned from her trip around , the bay with the tain order, and declaring aloud he wouldJlhave editorial party, but came in later, looking very harmony if he had to fight for it" could not posweary, though in excellent spirits and full of anisibly preside with dignity, but if a woman had mation. Mrs. Eyster, of San Francisco, Mrs. been seated in the chair men would nave benaved S arah Wilder P rat ir of IChicagoIrerwtEhery rrtterfr Miss also spmejqthersj.M be wail and other women : we. know.; could. have for the press, but is an ordained minister .pf kept just as good order as Mr. Capeller with all Christian Science and fills several important due deference to .the gentleman, his-- dignity, and d voice. and his positionsin Women's Clubs etc., all the ladies were rather tired as th$y had been traveling so long Some of the members were loud in their.praise and seeing so much. T)f M rsrAbbott-and-she-had-largerumberof Dr. Stockham had just returned from a trip to votes but the tide of popular opinion was in favor Japan and of course every one was anxious to of the other nominee and so he was elected. Mrs. hear of that wonderful far-oshe has country ; Abbott seemed to be very, popular wjth the with her Illindi's "delegation and with many others! She brought many interesting curiosities, as well asa great deal of information w hich she conducts andis"the Assistant for the benefit of the women of her Cor. Sec'y of the Illinois Woman's Press Assois as she a interesting-write- r country, very pleasing-an- d ciation and is said to be a very charming woman arid story teller. porsonaliy. It would have been a very graceful The same evening, the "Convention of the thing to Have elected her, and a sort of a tacit acNatio in the knowledgement of woman's ability. - To- - make the U.S. Mint buildMetropolitan Ha;lJ opposite some sortojejiaratlpnoras a compliment to the A h -ing,. veryJine looking audience assembled-thougTadTes7Miss Louise E. Francis was nominated as the larger part were the visiting deleea-tioAssistant Recording Secretary, and again an obChairman of the The reception committee jection, this time that the Constitution made no of the California delegation, read an address of provision for such an office, Mr. Capellar declared welcome which was very complimentary to the her elected any way, and whether she' is really a YMtorsand setjorthlin the:mostglowing4erras tw7fofficerT)rTiotsheinay knowrbut we are the advantages of California in every respect, its not at all sure. Miss Frances is a very competent present prospects, and its great possible and )oung person, has a great deal of independence,. -prelrabletvttire"own business as. a newspaper and carries-on:he- r The President; Mr. W." S. Capeller, made the editor and proprietor. She is a Californian by address of the evening which was very able and birth and has been educated in her own state. delivered. 'I admirably Her paper is the CastroviUe.zm and is the the princlplil features of the openingmeeting. V official organ of the Pacific Coast Woman's Press One of the most notable. men of the ConvenAssociation. At some future time we hope to tion and of the editorial association is the Cor. tell 'our readers more about thee bright, plucky Secretary, Mr. J. M. Page, of Jerseyville, 111. California newspaper women. editor of the Democrat, be has filled the office he' On Manday evening, May 30, there was an e t. - . self-possessi- well-traine- on . a- ff will-dissemin- ate theTAr:J -- -- n. heseTwoddrese , -- E. A. what Rachel Foster Avery is to the N,--A. W. S. A. has the same sort .of (wonderful tact and "'afMfS'rfifeTSoMeT'td'brfng'-'---togethe- some of the ladies who had .not yet left he city and have them meet members of the P. r . 