WOMAN'S Ji;XPONE NT to hear beforehand how each one of those far-of- f, relatives must be seated, and what deference, must be pa jd' to them, whereas she knew they hail only come in expectation of a share in the estate which in her opinion rightfully belonged to Lady Anna filonjB."On a damp, drizzly evening in February the' allTtheTxelativesr time set fbrhVassembTing of the late deceased Baronet, the tamily were speak disrespectfully of Sir Edward he'sgiven your wife a good penny, and here's cousin ": Judith his own aunt, who needs help, in her -declining years"only a paltry thda3and,and his cousins a bare pittance, and all that lot to some fine fellow nobody knows who, what's the name? I can't remember and who is he. any- - . ZTTTFThlnnrT - , ,. nml enlpmnand rrave was the -- howFzThat wa and that was the mastery. Neither the lawyer on the subject ventured a word r- con versauoniuxnea upon ine weainer t nd-tne Wj 1 eXDfesSIO'n CT each one, a though some sudden re velatiou was to.be made.'.. y tors named execu the read was will iXhe ' uldallake;i had;fancied:4jereJTrd eXcptla herrcousin might advise and now she was utterly at alo3 to know what her obligations were. .The whole company "seemed under a spell, everything provedi so decidedly different to' what had been surmised beforehand. Mr. Burke and Dr. Bland were the only ones composed and equal to the situation One looked at the other as though anxious to know what the next movement ot the play was to be and as if it were not possible the act 'was over, and yet all wa3 silent finally there was a signal for rising and a servant announced Mintier," and Mr. Burke .lead : the way with Lady Anna to the dining iiall, the Dr. took' Miss Conwav. but waited for the guests who wero visiting there to precede them. Aunt Judith leaned upon a cousin of hers who was also distantly related to the Baronet, a man of few words, whose views were strictly in accord with those of "Cousin Judith's,''. a thin, angular sort of a person with weak eyes and weaker intellect, Mr. Andrews, he had come simply as a friend not expecting a penny,so'he. who-seem- -a- and other topics, and finally the ladies rose and left the room. After the ladies left the table Squire Brook-lanmade bold to speak, he had" beerr imbibe ing Eome of his relative's old wine, and was particularly loquacious, he. addressed himself .to $urke the' family- solicitor who had only condescended to reply to any question oy yes and no. : "Mr. BurkewouM you mim! ledlihgud "wli this stranger i3 to whom the Baronet has left so much money, and who is hereafter to take the name Hilliard, and live in England? Is he a distant relation or the son of some old friend?" "Don't know, never inquired into the matter, didn't think it was a part of my business." That was all the answer, and soon after the gentlemen left the dining hall, and Mr. Burke announced to the Dr. his intention of going up to Lonuon lmiueuiaitiy. iub uvu withdrew into the Baronet's library, or rather his "den or smoking room," it.was not much of a library, for he seldom read anything except sporting news, and there they had a long conference together. "Its going to make a terrible stir this affair of leaving so- much money to that foreign woman's son,and how his daughter will take it when sheeomes to know all lam at a loss to understand" said Burke in his quiet way, but so it is and so it must be." "We are in no way answerable" the Dr. replied, "and it i3 no doubt right, a reparation to be. made, to one unjustly treated in his lifetime -- the woman who should have been his d therein were present and albwaa silent except the sob3 of the pale, fair girl whose father had spoken of. her suj not et of age, and left her under the care and guardianship of a man she. had never known. She was stunned amT.be-- wi&ered, . ed - . -- - hadlstatecLlo "wTteTTijiid" lowed Mrs; Matilda Brookland and her husand most is that he never told his niece she's a band a country 'squire irom Devonshire, her two daughters, Hannah and Susannah with most sensible you eg woman." three "Perhaps he has;" suggested Burke, "she boys, and one or two odd cousins rather gentlemanly men from a dismayibe in the f ecret, but she seems unapproachtance of whose existence until their arrival able, however it does not matter, Lady Anna neither the family solicitor or the Dr. had is the only consideration, her claim to the' name is indisputable, and she may object to this ' inever heard. This completed the group,- and Miss Con way not "beeri in so geflo'Ui; a mood she' terloper bearing the name, it woiild be strange would have laughed outright as they hied m if she were to acque? quietly." the case' go into the "Better that and v ere seated at the table where a sumptuous repast was waiting. They were all in the Courts, and. a public scandal, and, you ought if .she don't "deepest mouTningarments,"andr their- - doleful v to - tell her so Burke." faces corresponded with their sombre wearing .speak' how are we to know, she looked, like a statue today, pale and cold, yet you say her , apnaril. and made a color mounted high when she heard that name, A strange party they indeed, silent one too, there was little in common to be she had never heard of hu existence then I'm shared except the Baronet's money and that quite sure. And Miss Conway I did not venture to look at. its a queer affair altogether was sadiv misappropriated according: to their a man of the world like Sir Edward who never ideas, better understood than expressed evi dently from the silence. Gradually the dinner seemed to have any love for his own child, born made them talkafive as it generally does and in lawful wedlock, to leave all that money and one and then another gave an opinion to the heritage to one unheard of, he must have had some affection fur this woman f or a strong sense next neighbor at table; they .spoke low how of justice, or a tenderer conscience than most ever, and seemed waiting for au opinion with half-grow- n - thah-hav- e - t which to coincide. Finally. Squire Brookland the brother in law clearing his throat and "raising his voice so as to be heard! by all present, addressing himself to his wife said, "I say Matilda your brother Edward had more money than appear ances icdicate, "but what a miserly lite he's1 been living all these years in this old place, and now what 11 come of it all, it il be swallowed up in lawsuits, and precious little good wm come pi it, not so snrewu a man oy half as I took him for, though it was very little other motive, but now there arose, another obstruction, thi3 young fellow, what coraplica- tions, might) there not be, and he would. be mixed ip in the affair.- - Burke was necessarily wn from Londbn again in a week, to come-dobefore that time there would be more riewT" from the continent, and meanwhile he- would try his fortune withMiss Jane Conway for good or ill, if he cbuhTindace her to speaferon. the subject. perplexed over' been heir had new mentioned that in the this, will as" the others, but not cea rly so mu ch astonished, for she had discovered in her talks with her uncle that be - to-t' "tender passion,", and she had witnessed the, scene with Lady ,Walton and it had opened her eyes considerably. She did not feel equal to broaching the subject to her cousin Anna though, and determined to wait for Anna to n ; thingam take: HptakBherwa-aeco- u their course she ielt, and now she wanted to be more alone than it was possible, with all these people who had come to hear the will and who seemed quite at their ease in the house of their deceased relative., Aunt Judith particularly with her maid and all her traps kept thing3 in an uproar, for the maid wa3 fond of gossip, and the servants were talkative, and Aunt Judith listened to the gossip from below stairs reported with elaborations by her maid and repeated it to Jane her neice wanting all the explanations. Jane was discreet andcever enlightened her in the least, though "she plied her with numberless questions, about .Anna's sweetheart; and ' bow cruelly he had been treated etc. And in fact how it wa3 she had gained such a foothold with her uncles to be leftalmost equal with his own daughter in the settlement of the estate, while Matilda ho was also his sister had only a small sum and her children nothing. But Jane was impervious no amount of coaxiag or wheedling would induce her to say more than that, "she knew nothing of her uncle's financial affairs." Lest1 to talk, herxotisin" Jane cau tioned her, tel ling her : it was always - Mis3-0nway-wa3a3m- uch was-suscepti- ble he it - " Ann'a-8hould"-be-persuad- best .to keepones affairs from becoming public property, and. that these relatives cared little except for what they were likely to get, "ADd you know cojism Anna" she added, "uncle Edward never invited them here, seldom mentioned their names, never to me but once, and then not very respectfullyAunt Matilda ,k rery well in her way,dignified and lady like but not like her sister" and she stopped short for a sob in her throat, it wa3 seldom indeed she ever spoke of her mother, the memory was too sacred. "I remember Aunt Helen when was very young" said Anna, "the prettiest picture in myis mind of all the ladies I have ever seen, it and almost like a dream, so and gentle and so inexpressibly beautiful, this papa loved her very much I am sure," by time Jane was sobbing outright and Annas tears were falling out of pure sympathy for her cousin; when Jane grew more calm her cousin said, "although you are an orphan you have the remembrance of a home, with father men." and mother while I have never known a Audsj the iw'drmeinalkedlorlTlfcDrTQevw motheixVlove, that" is something to cherish, betraying in the least his love for Miss Conway and she paused, as if unwilling to add more, but-hwished in his' inmost heart, she had not but Jane knew well what wa3 in her heart; been left so independent in the will, yet he that her father had been almost like a stranger felt it was right, but as he was guardian of and her home anything but homelike. ")e Miss Hilliard, and her cousin , was to shall be all in all to each other from this tiaie of her until she was ofage, his oppor 'Anna, and though there will be many cnangea tunities wou id he tavorable to hi3. suit. All in our life here, yet we have sufiicient tftiive this he recognized and it reconciled him in' a and see upon and to travel, we can go abroad, Josses, way, and stiii he was anxious now that he had the world, and that wilT make up some; declared himself to.Miss C to have a promise ;we, have had." "No cousin Jane" saia - - i sweet-mannere- . -- d . have-charg- e -- about finishing'the. remark, the cousin of aunt in keeping with 'the man, he had plentv. he Judith, Mr. Andrews;, in tv thin weak voice put :P?.rjg4 hiprofessioa rabrejfrornjoye' of the in "1 lay H?iulrTr3ohs work anJ" of his fello'w . men than from aby i , abroad- - or anywhere ..r untu 1t i &nu Vhftt rav -- . ' . ' F must see him, this separation anOcspe u a ( 