MIL if ' :Q A ' y pa w II? the Women of Zioii, and'the Rights of the Worn a of Vol. 20. SALT " CONTENTS. UrS7-Failh7H- ope cond-Congress Poetry: .. .... E. For Those WTe Love E. R. S. One Phase ot the Divine Mission of .Woman Julia A" B. W. A Lady E. B. W. MacDonald.' Now Selected.' . . of the "old mu-- t be tjoue ittt r 1 that the Baronet's i.lioiViicracitHjvert.lhy i c,tue of the e.tranginn nt b; t wem Jr Ed ward and - his neighburs..ttsnnt.e vt tin uitle loikruutid about were : iudmate teinsa at the Catle. Sir EiUanl mid hU ilau'hier livtd in tuck ittirunciit that.iiltle wai know n of hi honit life. ve -- , E R. S. - cio.d the dut.rs hinN 1 d And who are they? with this touch of art, To wake affections sweetest thought. Go thou and ask each loving Mother-hear- t For there he perfect love is wrought. MISSED. - : WlTeIidynYiiTin Eduard'd jHinnion t to go and ask lor ht-ton vii-ito there us PHASE OF o Anna ;ONE THE DIVINE MISSION lelt ; Lady tuit.r, no t of claudejiiiu--visiWOMAN. OF. hr tijj;reht'nion being dijeovertd.shu knew In oi pui ity .mu'v, and her husband, was away on This little sphere, in pristine youth, and was not. t i Tho' to perfection nearly brought xn cted return tor sotnu. dav, and i Still somethjnjiJaia it. rrtjoniTmirTjr-r- vi ntr nenat Fo iF h)T at I'ounl. Li fact In he home the had Maker en perfect though sought. the very Urst ft w years of tin ir niarrit.r life, hu hail Transplanted from the realms above, lievtr hail the fcHghUct t)iea.-io- n to Adam, of godly form and mind, htr fldclify in tticmgtitxi (ml "'Reigned' o'er his kingdom new, with love, Lidy Wait n gave her orders to the c ;ach-ma- u Yet longed for that he could not find, anj he lr'jvu raiil:cxoS,iiie:bJik--htriy thai jiiy beteeii the estate of. With sympathy the Architect LSir Ejwail- awl her , wn. on tharijiht alt. r Divined his cause of dire distress the paintul and enibarra:sin iistt tview, and And sent an helpmeet to perfect, :TeacheiJ the Hall alant iu;tnFai;uny alier Iier" His earthly peace and happiness. husband's unexpt eted return; in i he hud jact A helpmeet mind you not a slave; noticed a cariiae a hoit diaiujce lrour their A queen, a priestess if you will; it clo?tly, b gateway, but had not With him to stand, with him to brave, much wa is he abuibed in her own th u ugli U; Whatc'er betide of good or ill. she was therefore much diconcei ted when on entering the halhyuy fche found a genlle-'wan'- s Though to perfect a noble plan, She fell from favor; Grace Divine ."traveling bag and wrap3, and wa' met With justice free, removed the ban by her maid, who' informed 'her that. hU lordAnd bade her found a royal line. ship had ju.it arrived and linding her Irom home, had inquired whither fche had gone, and loomanis seed. take the note, seed,' "Thy was mtt hy the reply, that they did uot kocnv; . "Thy seed shall crush the serpent's head; hejiad lutind the yiDung master alitf rna turned By her enslaved by woman freed! , ' biin. JLady alton was in a quandary, led. Mankind to life had what Maitland told his father how could she ascertain?'! but ihe did u6t havd long to Descended David's royal line, consider, for "the impatient husband having Mary, thrice blest of all thy sex; heard the, carriage wheels sent word for her to W'e count thy mission all divine, come up to h b room, she threw off the cloak And to thy cause ourselves annex! and vail she had .worn as a sort of to The cause of woman! Her to raise conceal her feature?,and hurriedly entered her To equal plane with brother man, l husband's presence, not like one who flared - As helpmeet, friend; with meed for praise, him, but with a face beaming with -- smiles rand According to the great, first plan. greeting biin moit aflectionately said, Dear - Julia A.- Macdonald. 1 1 en ry ho w del igh t ed I am to see you, I wai 77Dec. 30, 1891. thinking how lonely should be litre tonight, and now all my fears are dispelled, butare you not well, that you have come so soon?' IN .RURAL ENGLAND. Lord Walton had been u neom fort able and i n '.: Sir - r he . . . '"' . . 111 uim thing in dirpair, he appealed to .hU mother lur he knew full well her intent love and devotion to him would give her the nee.ssary courage "to U aid the lion in hi den;" but he knew not what he was wu m,t awarr whf n'he t'UCfealKl her to if to Sir Ed- L jvard . and uso 4 j t mmr Tjxir ii"(vT j t h e ... .1 h- ul numiDetweenthetwo lami u:h. - - sum j I To give a glimpse of Heaven's radiant light. Then and I've missed from out life's Chamb er, "Full many "a golden ray, Glad thoughts that cheered and solaced, E'en when clouds were round my way, Buoyancy's brightest flower, I have missed with much regret, And many golden hours,. Each with sixty diamonds set. lIearf-guests""joj fui gladcess, Rosy visions of delight, Sweet dreams unmixed with sadness, Refreshed with the morning light. Warmgyeeti Charming smiles imparting bliss, Of these a countless number, ' From my path have long been missed., -rprjay the dear To grant this earnest wish, That when from eacth I.J ever, mtle against liLMvas we M:ishlLii-gIuNew Year To dawn with rh:h effulgence bright ! And as its fleecy pinions flutter near J. had lur licidi Hint the lttttrs, and We fain would dry the saddtniHg'lear Aj all teircares arid sorrpvvs share. L-ly- b'iritr,' watehul her the reen badv irroves. and h.id inf.. .... r... For those we love, Alas! the dying year . Has brought so much of pain and care, ; Lucy. The New Era Mi.-se-d No. in. lu.'imuOUHlablv coumii, followed For those we love we breathe .1 prayer To keep them safe from every ill, Receive our Father's tender care,' .' And know and do His holv will. and Charity ; all Nations. LAKE CITY, UTAH, JANUARY l; 1892. That make us e'en forget ourselves, And from our selfish aims our feelings" lift. Elliza D. Gibbs .A Sketch From Life Phebe C. Young; Woman's Opinion M. a P. H. R S., Y. L. M. I. A;, and P. A. Reports Eden; Announcements Clara Bewick Colby. Fine Art of Tea Making. Notes and News. Editorial; An Incident of the Days of Kirt-- : land. Fifty Years Sarah M. Kimball. December 23, 1S91 Zirfa D. H. Young. U. W. 1 Club Elis R. Shipp, "Sec. -- Singing Mothers Bertha Packard JE nJet, . 6 " In Rural .England A Story. Another Woman's Answer M. A T. Senator Hoar on Wo- man .unrage. a. jl. lo.. W. b. A. -Se- n r bik-imi-- ." 1 1 of : . . 1 1- aBake-jH-.oo.hT-Th- ini-ttu- -t -- p of-etHin- All-Fath- er ti . -- I may fin d all, now missed. Lucvr ob.-erv- td . THE NEW ERA. Now, with the dawning of the glad new year, Comes thoughts of other days and mera'ries dear; How thrilllngly the finer senses glow, As retrospective visions come and go; And k we gjrasp the shadow's quiv 'ring ray. And blend it with the of real to-da- y. And once again, we wander as of old, 'Mid scenes which radiant fancies now unfold, Where loving friends around the cottage hearth With song and jeiit.pour forth their joy and mirth; We summon to our thoughts the friends we knew, And linger fondly o'er the and true. ; i good Oh! hush the throbbings of the pent-uheart! hy will the tears of long-gon- e sorrows start? Banish the griefs pur miseries aside ""Let joy replete in merry measure glide etpause! methinks I hear the people say, :s Aiioiher era has begun today." E. B. W. ,. - - . . FOR THOSE! WE LOVE. to work for those we love, To know our effort makes their cart the less, for our small sacrifices prove, ' So much xrioving tenderness. . '. For those we love no task's too great For task it truly ceases then to be, Vhen little needs we can anticipate And leave beloved ones from sorrow free. ' -- e'er-lastin- (it-gui-se - love- Iive:"T To us their lives are Heaven's choicest gift . " ---- 7- r J . wifeoutoa TactniJoyedhenifeoimdH his home VII. as moA men are, for how- coming ever the after uncertain : The morning dawned dull and heavy, coming ra.ty be, men always wife the the vvhcU anticipate waiting for them, and she Lady .1Walton; that eventful evening erounas t'fldu euu reiy uisarmeu Dim of anv Tmitid an sfnrn hsri tn faininj her sweet bitter manner and by for and All many years of her former loyer, son at iiis hh misapprehehfeions vanished and he enemy; to intercede former darling answered her question believed man be would have hmo particular request. The young of the alonfe Mil' M S9M(i itlr her needleinterposition .sitting that had it not been for " "a 1 would have work. cousin 77 rudish his twecthearfs p tatcr on in the evening he noticed how but she had raked an gone on well with him; . 1 kn-mto-t- I I . - . I .... I " . ne gelf-posiessio- a-- 1 Tcr.OiQsere izr g u. r r 