. A most feeling and eloquent address of greeting and welcome was then delivered by, Woman's Exponent. EAfAfELAE PRESIDENT Kcml-monthl- y, extra for postage one year, ' 25 cts, AdvertLsing rates: .Each finare, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, 52.50; "pe month. $3.00. A liberal .discount to regular advertisers. ExroNENT officeNo. 23 E., South Temple StreetSecond ?ate east of Deserct News Office. Business hours froro 10 a.m to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday Address all business communications to ' PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, . Salt Lake City Utah. '. , Entered at the Post Office in Salt Lake City, Utah, as Second CtasM Matter. , April SaltXake City, 1892. i, CONFERENCE NOTICE. Annual Conference of the Saints will Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-daconvene in the Tabernacle, Salt Lake City, at 10 o'clock' on Sunday morning, April 3rd, 1892. At noon on Wednesdaythe 6th of ApriL the of the Salt Lake Temple will bp laid cap-stowith appropriate ceremonies. The officers and members of the Church generally art cordially invited to attend the meetings of the Conference. Also to be 'present on the oce of the casion of the laying of the ' ' .1: .. .,.. ... Temple. . The Sixty-secon- d y ne cap-ston- . Wilford Woodruff, George Q. Cannon, Joseph F. Smith, First Presidency. , RELIEF SOCIETY JUBILEE. Exercises at the Tabernacle. j The celebration of the fiftieth anniversary of the first organization of the Relief Society March in Salt 17, 1842, was held in the Large Tabernacle Lake City March 17, 1892, and was largely 1 the City, many by those resident strangers and tourists were also present,. The stands were handsomely ornamented with flowerlilies. The ing plants principally Calla and Easter large organ was draped with the.stars and stripes, the flags extending across and a. large oil painting of Joseph hung hrgh 111 the centre, below it an immense key made of the mo$l beautiful flowers, underneath which was the picture, Emma Smith the first President of the at-tend- ed .ia the-proph- et life-svze-- of RelieLSociety and on her right a picture of-Eli- za R. Snow the second President, and on her left that of .?tna" D. H. Young the- - $resent President Prof, . Evan Stephens Musicaf Dfrecor had charge of the Tabernacle Choir, who,, fur$ishe' the singing; and 'Prof. J. J, DayneS accompanied on the organ,the music was specially fine.' On the.stand was'Pres. Joseph F. Smith of the Firsb Presidency, Apostles John Henry Smith , and Abraham .11. Cannon, President Angus. M. Can- -' non, Dr. James E. Talmage, and of the officers of the Central 'Board of the Relief Society, Pre si dentj Zina Q. H. Young; Counselor Bathsheba LT Kimb,' Secretary ... V: Smith ; Sarah Romania B. ratt. Ass'r Secretary; L lsabcrfla Home, Treasurer ; E. B. Wel&'Cor.9 $ec'y. also Zina Y. W, Card. V The- exercises of this happy occasion opened with the choir singing that Grand Invocation by . Eliza R. Snow, . " . . . - "O. my Father thou that dweHesU" Prayer was offered by President Angus M. tmflahecbc?ir singing the hymn, . and ; pn &, 'HOw firm a foundation ye saints of the Lord." tain the hands of their Bishops and iftrk unitedly; that they will net neglect their family's, nor idle their" time away, but look after theiYh me ZINA D. It. YOUNG. My brethren and sisters andi friends, I ask an interest in your faith and prayers on this great occasion, so that the spirit of the living God may direct the few words I may utter. I now in the presence of God and before my brethren and sisters, hail this welcome day of Jubilee which has been set apart for us the sisters .of :the Relief Society to assemble together. O, that my vords could be heard by'all people, not only by you my brethren and sisters in this Tabernacle and througliOut.'Utah, but that they might be heard and understood by all the people of this continent, and not only this, continent but the Editor. D. WELLS Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Terras: ono necopy year, !1.()0; one copy six months. .r0cts. No reduction made for clubs City papers delivered by mail, , . WOMAN'S EXPONENT! 140 " .: : T ' The franchise so us and enjoyed so long, has been taken ifcm us without cause ' It may be restored to us again; let us hope for this. Let us be pure and upright in our lives and do good continually; be true and humble all our days; may we be guided by the spirit of the Lord day by day. Sisters let us bring up our children in the fear of God. Ask Him to give you a portion of His holy spirit to ;guide you in all things. Do not neglect these matters sisters. See that you perform your duties humbly and faithfully every one of you. If there is ope mother present here who does not teach and instruct her children properly, in such away as the Lord approves of, 'I plead with you to do so. Call, your children around you in the absence of the father, and pray with them. Teach them how to pray and the proper manner in which they should do so, that your prayers and theirs may be heard and answered with blessings upon your heads. Warn the children of the evils that surround us. Lift up your warning voice against temptations' now so prevalent in our midst tliat they may not become a prey to these evils, but grownup in holiness and in purity before the Lord. Encourage home productions of every kind. Support our paper the Woman's Exponent by ' subscribing forjt. This paper should be in the Saint. family of every Latter-daAbove all things may we so live as to have the spirit of the Lord dwelling in us continually. -- Let me say to you sisters bef urtelpmeets"to your husbands. Be one with them in all things in righteousness. Let your desires be to make home what it should be. When Joseph received his first vision he was told that his name would be spoken of for good or for evil by all men; from that day to the present time, this has been verified. We this day with the saints of God everywhere, honor the name because of his intregrity to God arid the priniples)f light and truth which he was the instrument of restoring to the earth for our salva- - . tion, and that of the whole human family if they will but accept of the glad message. May God grant that we may stand Arm aria faithful to the truth," walking in humility and purity before Him; may His blessing attend this people throughout the world on this great and grand occasion, and henceforth. You mothers and daughters of Israel we greet you and ask of our Heavenly "Father upon youTO and upon all His people on earth. These are the. desires of my heart and may God grant them is Amen. ,.my prayer -- fcr Jestts-sak- e, ' Mrs. Zina Y. W. Card next read in a very clear-an- d distinct voice the Revelation given to Emma Snjith,-throuJoseph the Seer in Harmony, Penn., July 1830, and published in the Hook of Doctrjne and Covenants, wherein Sister Emma is ' called an Elect Lady. glisd?.en , y , the-blessin- gs gh . . APOSTLE ABRAHAM II. CANNON. I feel pleased, my " brethren and sisters, at hav- ing this opperrtunity of' assembling with so worthy an association as the Relief Society. It must be a source of pleasure to our sisters-tlook back upon trie work which has Jbeeh accomplished since :thariization, by...."theProphet Joseph,, of this Society, and it must fill the hearts of many Latter da'y Saints with joy and gratitude to think of the stupendous work which the sisters, connected "with these Associations, have done." The great' o 'to--;'isit- " - te" sisters, through the blessings of God will be' enabled to do this; that' they will continue to sus aic utcsscu uiui gionoux privilefref and have been. liit t-- 1 4 1 e . a '. t-c- continents of Europe. Asia.. Africa and the Islands of the Sea. This day we greet you and all our sisters who are everywhere celebrating this occasion in' com . memoration of the organization, by the Prophet Joseph Smith, of the Relief Society. We praise God that our ears have been saluted with the glad tidings of salvation again restored to the earth, through the instrumentality of the Prophet Joseph. We rejoice i the principles of the Gospel revealed from heaven, in this age; that the Father and the Son condescended to appear to Joseph, in answer to his fervent prayer for light and knowledge, and that our Heavenly Father pointed to His' Son and said "hear ye Him," These things cause us to lift up our hearts to God with thanksgiving and blessing. This is a glori ous day in which we live. It is the dispensation of the fulness of times when all things spoken by all the holv crochets will be fulfilled. Tins is a a great day for the sisters of the Relief Society. JThe daughters of Zion have met here this day,as :also. wherever they are organized, to celebrate this day, the fiftieth anniversary of our organization and to lift our hearts in praise to God. We rejoice at having some of our leading brethren with us today. We anticipate having a good time. The peaceful influence of the spirit of the Lord is with us; it is full of life and joy. "A word as to the duties and labors of the members of these organizations, of the Relief Society is appropriate at this time ; as sisters of this organization we have been set apart for the purpose o comforting and consoling the sick and afflicted the poor and distressed, particularly those who love arid fear God; to comfort one another in every trial of life, and cheer, the depressed in spirit, ;orialJ occasions; this is our special mission, therefore keep this in remembrance. If we continue to do these things in the spirit "thereof, the Lord, at the time when He comes to make up ' HtSvjewels, will approve of us. My sisters everywhere who-ha- ve humbly em braced the Gospel and are true to it y are my 1 greet them as such. I pray God to pour out His spirit upon all of you today, and from this time: forth, this is a day never to be forgotten because of the goodness of God to us. I hope the PresidentsancTmejihbers of every Relief Sociefy on earth wiM have such, a good time today as will never be forgotten by themi This is'm: .prayer, and desfre in their behalf. As sisters we have to work-o- ut andsecurd iourfalvtion. I'et .us'honor the Lord fot permitting us to live in this dispensation, also 0 nor Him for the glorious J principles: oi truth,' and .life which. He has cevealedi fo us through His inspired servants. We pray anil ask. our Heavenly father to bless these ow Sisters, thathey nlay continue the poor and "needy andserfhalTnone sulTer among us. I trust our objecf will be to improve in. good works'that 4he sisters, 4n addition to whit they have already do'ne,- will build houses wherein they can hold their Relief Society meet- - JagsJa ncljiribjpthLJL affairs as well as attend to the duties I have nauied I tr .1 .... iT) icMucuis l.nn uui us Jicjp i ana eacti. other and' stand shoulder to shoulder. ' ; -- irdp theyr we pogr . mortals cannot conceive. But we do Hnow of much that they have ccomplished in , 