WOMAN'S 56 respect to the subject considered the Empress expressed the most: cordial interest, spoke of the vast help that the published reports of this Congress will afford to students of social economy 'everywhere, and said that they will, indeed, be a cyclopocdia of that affect . woman's all phases of-prore- ss life. 7" . EXPONENT. Whereas, her faithful labors as a counselor in the Relief Society, and a generous, and useful member thereof, a beloved neighbor and companion. Therefore be it Resolved, That we the officers and members of tlie Mendon Ward Relief Society do mourn her loss realizing that we have Iosf a noble sister whose hand was ever ready to help the sick and: " afflicted. Resolved, That we tender our heartfelt sympathy to her bereaved family. Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions be placed on the records of the Relief Society, and a copy be sent tp the Woman's" Exponent. r- Several times Her Majesty said, "I would go to Chicago myself, I would attend this Congress, were I not such a bad sailor." Rejealedly expressing her deslfelhat Ger many be well represented in the Congress, she gave me the address Frau Minna Streck-er- , , Baker, President. who has charge of the institutions 7 . Mary Sonne, Counselor. : founded by the still universally mourned Emma Hughes, Ass't. Sec. Princess Alice; and urged me to "see her. I endeavored to do so, but the absence of RHODA ANN FULLMER. Krau Strieker from Darmstadt made it imDied at her daughter's residence in the 7U1 possible for me to meet her, though her in- -, Ward, Salt Lake City, at 2 a. m., August 18, 1892, terest in the Congress is assured. Rhoda Ann widow of the late David, Nothing certainly could be more gratify- Fullmer, and Fullmer, daughter pf Zera and Rhoda ing to American women, or more helpful - was - - -- .'. . . . Mar-rian.-Decea- sed Will rommence her Winter Class in Obstetrics and Nursing on Monday, October 24. Address; Dr: Shipp, 18 Main Street. Telephone -- -- - f 383- terest themselves in progressive" movements, than to have the Kmpress Frederick accept the protectorate of the German committee and delegation in. the Congress .of. '93, if circumstances permit her to do so. Requesting to be kept informed of the plans as they mature, and making valuable suggestions, which I trust may be executed, Her Majesty terminated an audience which, instead of proving an ordeal, was to me the most interesting experience of a summer which has been full of vivid enjoyments. .The Knipress' talked oiiz many subjects only indirectly connected with that reported here. Her manner was characterized by uncommon simplicity and frankness I left Homburg with the consciousness that I had been in the presence of a truly royal mind; of a mind accustomed to originate .and to contemplate large views. I fet that I Md;seetf rr --vvomarr who lias ' taken life seriously; who has developed her own - po wers by the steady use of them ; who has I DRESS GOODS AND TRIMMINGS, FANCY ARXICLESJVND-- OTI ONSBOOKS AND STATIONERY, EQUIPOISE WAISTS, ETC. Dress Waking in all its branches, ITIllllnery, late "sfyW-s- , Hats and Iloiinels cleaned and rotrimmedi I'tntliers curled, etc. Mumping: tiorc o order. J5m. tons covered while you wait. Iiurlal Sulla a Specialty, "KT-- v TP .FIKST SOUTH STHDKT, tQ Hi. IN doors webt UO N Time 1 of Theatre. MRS. M. E. VAN, M D. y her office, from Constitution HAS REMOVED Building to her resideuce, 167 THIRD STREET. Office hours, 2 to 4 p m- - - ' co-work- er the noble women" who are .striving' to elevate the ideal of German womanhood, and who look up to her as their revered chief. " v .' : The Kmpress contemplates a conception cepted as the Ideal. As Her Majesty developed this idea somewhat, I was impressed with her frank assumption of the oneness of humanity, and with her aspiration to further the ' recognition , of the olidari ty of human interests. I left the castle with the conviction, which has grown upon me as I have recalled Her 'Majesty's questions and utterances, that I had enjoyed an audience with "the cleverest womaif in Europe," for this is the title often bestowed on Victoria of Germany. , - -- OBITUARIES. RESOLUTIONS OF .RESPECT.. .; sixty-seve- - . TP HOM AS 'Tv-'T- THE Standard Gauge RAILWAY! Resolutions of respect to Rhoda Ann Fullmer who departed this life, having been our beloved President of the ReliefSociety, twenty-fiv- e years, irornj867. to. 1892, .,Areher-co-labore- rs in our Relief Society meeting Sept. ist, 1S92, deem it uuuig mat we record our appreciation of her labors. . Retail The Leading RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. . THROUGH THE . ROCKY MOUNTAINS! : Whereas in the providence of our Heavenly Father we have been called to mourn the loss of our beloved President and friend, who having led a life; worthy of imitation has been called home. We desire, to pry a tribute of respect to our sister.- Choice of Three Distinct Routes, AKD TUB HOST MAGNIFICENT RAILROAD SCENERY IN THE WOKI.D. "; Resolved that in behalf of the 6th Ward Relief Society, we tender our sympathy to the bereaved family, having lost a loving mother and friend We pray the divine healer of all sorrows to comfort and bless them and may that Spirit that brings peace and consolation, be with them in time of trouble. Resolved that a copy of these resolutions be: presented to the the Relief Society record and a copy be sent to the Woman's Exponent. V. a rr3:r: : Sister Resolution f respect of Mary Coalman, .who departed this life at Mendon Utah, on Wednesday, July 6th, 1892, aged n years, : Whereas, Our Heavenly Father has in his finIte wisdom removed from tmr midst our be'-" loved sister, and; -- SAIT LAKE CITY wasihejnoUie tuiniuurn uer loss, oesiues many grandchild ren, and greatgrandchildren.1 lipon Alice Butterwortii Ellen Watson. Eliza r.ETii W. Condie " ; 26, 28, 30anfl32 East 1st SoutliSt., y femiiyr-Ao-entered- A.t EJCTHOMAi y ' that family aitection which, inculcated in her Knglish home, ripened into an ideaf domestic life In Germany; but also in persistently maintaining the wider human relations which have inade her a with Luzern County, Pennyslvania, Feb. 12th, 1813. Married Sept. iSih, 1S31. Embraced the Gospel and was baptized into the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-daSaints, July 1S36. She was a member of the first Relief Society organized by the Prophet Joseph in Nauvoo, and underwent many trials and privations with her family and the Saints in that place. Emigrated with the early settlers of Utah in the fall of 1850, suffering many hardships with fortitude and Deceased was selected as Second patience. Counselor to Sister Hickenlooper who was President of firsr Relief ocielyiiiitheth'lVafd o'Cthis City. . When the 5th and 6th Wards were connected, she was chosen and set apart as President of both W.irds. In Sept. 1877, wa again called to act as President of the 6ih Ward Relief Society (the two wards having been separated), which posi-- t on she held with honor and integrity up - to the. timeroflier demised '"Sistelr Fullmer was a true Latter-daSaint, a kind and affectionate mother - - DOCTOR MATTIIvIIUGIU'S CANNON, Office: II South, First West Street. ' Office pracUce for Diseases of Women from 2 un.HI 4 n. m. - Keeps on Hand , boriiiri--T7ni6rrTowiisfiip- "land .y . Dr. Maggie. C. Shipp Two Fast Express Trains Daily EACH WAT BETWEEX OG DEN, SALT LAKE AN D DENVER. ELEGANT RECLINING CHAIR CARS! I'acwo - of Cliarge. Direct Connections : made in Union Depots. TEE 'KDST "THOROUGHLY EQUIPPED RAILWAY " IN THE WEST. i D. 0, DODGE, Coul. JIgr. DAVID A. E. WELBT, -- J. H. UxA. BENNETT, ti. Fk P. A. dc J"-A.0I3S CO. TINNERS CAS.WATER & STEAM FITTERS RUMSEY'S celebrated LiFTaiid FOIsCf - - - v- - J- v -v ifU ; 