WOMAN'S IB Dr. inriuired what she would do without ing place, the soil consisting of a reddish, ' yellow clay. There are some fine buildings, mostly hotels, but there seems to be no thrift or order, perhaps' being a railway station gave it that -- appearance. - Irr-th- e her cousin, at which she forgot herself ' momentarily and rated him soundly for mentioning such a thine. "And whv not?" e arc soon to be married, and said you must accept the 'situation however lonely you may feel, I am glad however" that vou have so much spirit, to protest, it really makes me think you have some of your ianer s cnaraciensucs alter an, ana 11 will be the better for you to have a will ' of he,-"w- centre isyi large. mound on the top of which is a warm sulphur spring and a few rods from its base is a soda spring. Five miles north of Soda EXPONENT. " ladies were desirous of having tlieir company once again. The first subject under discussion after " er 1 they Clair's return" homewas-whethin should spend the winter tjie couutry or word go up to London Burke had sent that Clair would be needed in London to' transact some business and the Doctor, natacurally "urged the counto on his owii count, but ostensibly in behalf of the tenan- unsimas trv whei had never naa real rich grazing country, literally covered with springs. In walking over a meadow we saw springs, of almost every color, red, black', green , y ello w etc., within a few feet'of each other; these to know her own mind, and I am not so much of a recluse. Anna was reall the one springs' lx)il up in the grass each in a Jjumous as to your futifreseeing-lh- at ybu whose claim seemed strongest for she had eparate-basin , buttheychr not ""o verflo w ; can take your own part never spent a season in London and favored in the same meadow springs forth blubber"Miss Conway was a little disconcerted going there, she had professed great intering, sparkling soda water and beautiful .she felt it was but an ebullition of emotional est in charitable wojkamong the tenants fresh water which unite forming Soda Creek feeling and not at all in keeping with her when Maitland made his . stolen visits, but a beautiful clear stream. cousin's true character, she knew that An- 'it was only apretext as her .cousin Jane I know of no word that could describe na needed a discreet and prudent guide and learned tocher full satisfaction as well as I my feelings as walked over tliespongy Clair with Italian blood iiT 'his veins was disappointment afterwards. ground and viewed the wonders, except not the person to look to: but she comforted Soft was decuMl 'awe; a reverence and a fear for the mighty herself with the thought that fortheresent the winter, and Christmas arthat- coudJiQlin?.ched-tat"sheTvotndbe near to give advice; she dis A rangements should be left to the housekeepdifferent elemen ts. YY alton and had less confidence trusted Lady er and others who could assist her in tlje in her husband, she had an intuitive feeling Mary K. T. Gkiffkth. the good Dr. Bland who knew of his insincerity when be came to talk with distribution, Fairvikw, Idaho, July, 25th. one of them to superintend the whole. her at the Castle, she knew from lier uncle ever' this was settled Anna was gayer After the deception he had practiced in that to and packing, and IN RURAL KNGLANI). him bitter past, tliat blighted his whole life, and busier planning for she had almost, discarded her as it were, and she was' glad to remember practising XVIII. governesses ' injunctions as to etiquette, had she been downright plain s had made her forgetful 'Wmuv Clair and Maitland were away with hiin about'ifnna and Maitland; he and her of music and drawing. during the hunting season Jane and Anna could not bemistaken in her candor, what"All these she tried to brjng back to her were busy plying the needle, Jane with ever mighfeome She pitied Lady Walton's remembrance and Clair was very helpful, her own. 'wardrobe and Anna with fine em.weakness and really woudered that Mait he knew when she was in time and his" danc broidery and lace; her tastes were refined in land possessed as much honor and manlievery particular and those were the days of ness as he had shown, considering his ing was perfection. Jane Conway gave no fine fancy needle-worThe French ladies parents; she felt he was at least constant attention to these trivial matters but busied or governesses, for they were really ladies in and that was something. herselfjvith things . of-- greater importance. education and cultivation had taught her The Walton s were eoius: up to hondon. After Doctor Bland left the house Tane ' the art of the needle to perfection;' had a long talk with her, cousin speaking and she knew how much that implied; she Kvery evening Dr. Bland came to sit very plainly to her ot her tutu re and assur felt that her iimpeucevouldibeIesswith . Awhile-whe- u Anna, and even with Clair, when thrown ing her 'that she would watch over her into the society of these fashionable people. ..was most welcome for the old place was even though she was not in the same house The old housekeeper was vexed at lonely without Clair. The Doctor's house hold. Anna spoke of some, one to preside was being remodeled and Miss Con had bbuHiericousira to think of it having so many' orders given her, she felt to be consulted in the matter, and this was at present, for said she ''the very consequential with these young people. unexpected a common ground, of conversation. The migni nappen as wnen I came:" and Anna Clair made himself as agreeable as possible, season was delightful, and the young ladies added "Or as when Clair came who would but she hardly reconciled herself even to his took great pleasure in walking and driving have suspected such a change as that in the assuming any authority believing his moththe beautiful er to have been of the gipsy race, and she through fields; the foliage order oi events. xxia.vx. It was good for Clair Hilliard with his' would mutter away behind his back about .uauuiug piemres 01 wnicil tney never tired, and whether in early morning or. "the goings on of fine folks, that were no inexperience to be thrown into the " sunset time, me trees - and shrubbery wore of men of the world, like those he society better than they should be. ' met at every shade of artistic and often the Grey son's for he- would be - expected to - She wondered too why she was not left - the girls remarked - to coloring, each other as they take part in the affairs of the County even in the will after serving there ' 'these many gazed and admired, "Will we ever be as if he would not accept a nomination for a year as she expressed it and "no clout' ' quietly happy again as we are now in this office, Men who have an understanding of she would add, "this young foreigner will beautiful Autumn weather?' and indeed so general matters can always be useful in the soon run through all there is, and we'll so many scenes and changes had come and gone community where they reside, and help dn on to the parish or be sent to the workus.." in quick succession, that this season of rest the common interests of the people. Clair Miss Conway hearing: some of these was like a forboding. It filled them with had no conception of such thinp-- hut felt it her things repeated bvrthe sen-antPiK!itsiesU.evii near: would be calIexl u)on'tc) do his share in walurking any duty to remonstrate with Mrs. Burke, if she Neither of them knew exactly what would event wnicn might transpire locally, and were to be left in charge at such an imporbe done with the. old home-ruiin fact it therefore all he- could learn bv personal tant time as the Christmas holidays. had never really been a home in Sir Kd- - contact with e Miss Conway made no allusion to what ward's time, it. was sort of a refuge, Jane beneficial. Maitland neededmen would be this too almost she had heard repeated-by-th- e servants-b- ut as much, he had been carefully trained at gave some direct orders about the it is little wonder if these young women did home, but it was in "polite society" as an ment during the winter, when themanagehousewonder what the future held in store. escort for his mother' to balls and Time went otr slowly but the parties keeper' showed, considerable obstinacy and Nomore than in any ublic grey was so that slie vas obliged to vember soon set in and. the gloom talk and reason together and discuss remind impertinent deepened' her of her position, and that her .or-- , outside, and the raw and chill "winds tossed governmental was questions a alicT wlS'll school dersereiot to3eraside quite the dry leaves, liither and thither, and for these young men, not that it was finally too all ye complain Ma'am if 1 refuse-t- o- obey the ramy and wet season set in anduhere sound doctrine or correct v principles, but it your orders, Lady Anna Jll never interfere eie no more walks or rides, and the mrls mem an insight into a life that was with gave me and the solicitor as lives in T.on. thought Clair freslrand new least at to them. Tiieir had don and has charge is my cousin, least come now for the ways hunting must" be over more of the theoretical in their natures he was but when Dr. Bland declared it was famous and dear William's cousin poor who's were totally- - unlike. Time dead and gone, and he'll see me passed hunting weather, Anna felt inclined to re- yet, righted pleasantly and they parted from their bel at being left so long without an e ma'am I'm not goin to he humbugged escort by friends with regret though both were missesses as knows naught, after be- tor some one to help pass the time away the young anxious to return homp-,r- i is. a - a-vo- yourx)wn,-4tis-fUite4ecomnig- -in man - -s- i - " JY JoJcq1ot - .' love-affair- , k. , he-was;i- m " w-ay- : - - -- - -- s 1 s, - n - wide-awak- ' Jaoaaitmore -- ooa" new-mad- w yj ; - J J .v. ,.J., 