172 (WOMAN'S Woman's Exponent. EMMELLE . Published semi-monthl- Editor. B. WELLS, in alt Lake City, CUn Terms: y, Kie copy one year, S1.00; . one copy err months, 50 cts. No reduction made for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 c'ts. Advertising: ratesiEaeh.quare tealine3ofnonpaieil. space, one tim6T2.50r perTaonth.00rA-1it)crardi6COTint-t- o regular advertisers. E., South Temple .StreetBecond of Business hours from 10 sum Office. News Deneret east gate to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday Address all business communications to PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, Exponent office..No. 25 Entered at the Post Office Second Class Matter. . Sa'lt La&e CityUtah. in Salt Lake City,' Utah, as ' Salt Lake City, -- June i, - 1892. IN AND ABOUT SAN FRANCISCO. The National Editorial Association party ,ar- - rived in San Francisco Mpnday, May 23, according to the programme published before starting West on the excursion. Tuesday morning at nine o'clock, nearly all the N. E. A, party, with a number of distinguished Californians went out upon the bay in the steamer Ukiah. The excursion was arranged by the Examiner to give the visitors an idea of the advantages of this great City of the Pacific Coast. , The boat put out from the Tiburon ferry landing, Gov, Markham and staff, Mr. and, Mrs. George W. Chi Ids, the Earl and Countess of Meath, Dr. Alice B. Stockham (who has just returned from a visit to Japan) -- Examiner representatives, and other' residents of the City, among these were Mrs. Nellie B. Eyster, President of the Pacific Coast Woman's Press Association, also of the active Committees of that Association Miss Minna V. Lewis, Mrs. EXPONENT 'traveling for some time, speaking generally three times a day, spoke in a humorous vein. She was, introduced by some one with the. comment, "the woman who is never too tired to talk." "Mrs. Nellie B. Eysttr was the next spe&ler, afterwards Miss Will, of Chicago, who is interest edj-i- n 'the Alliance work, and last on the imDromDtuNpro- - f gramme there was a recitation by Miss Mansfieitk, (a child about thirteen), "The Demon of .Fire," illustrating the fiend is h w 6 rk of intemperance in" a very'impressive manner. The fair faces of the young women made the picture the hall presented more interesting still, and was of special interest and " " particularly well rendered. The (President, Miss Sarah Ecfcl in gton was absent, but her first Counselor, Miss- Rose the other Counselor, Mrs. presided, assisted-bLarrrie b. Thomas.- The meeting opened with -- n anH Innvpr n ac" iicnal uwu U. 1UH s?nfiny ,A hv IUE O O J Wall j each member answered to her name with an original sentiment. -served-and af refreshraentsvere" Firsnexercise was a exchanges ofwelcomes and. congratulations" and then came the subject "Woman in all her Rethe guests went their way, pleased with the lations," .in four papers which were very ably cordial greetings of those who had arranged this written and carefully read. First ''Daughter" bv -Miss Rose Wallace; SecondSister" Miss Kate happy meeting of people from a distance. 77" This afternoon there is to be a reception for Thomas; Third, "Wife," Mrs. Alice Moyle; B. Stockham of Chicago and her daughter Fourth. "Mother." Mrs. Carrie 55 Thnmac a Miss Cora Stockham, at the Palace Hotel, of original poem by one of the members was then which we expect to give some particulars in a read by Miss Alice McLachlan, the secretary; the later article. hymn, "O, my Father,"' was sung by the young This evening the N. E. A. Convention proper ladies and was followed hv hrief sn?echtz frnm tK- 0r will open in the Metropolitan Temple,' when the visitors present. Mrs. Maria Y. Dougall of the As yet -- Centfatlfavaslhe first speaker; her remarks one is not able to ascertain exactly what the were spirited and w;ellchosen and calculated to here will the Association Press routine being be, inspire the young girls to noble efforts in the right elsethose as it in sea as much direction. Mrs, Nellie C. Taylor of the Stake regard to r Board spoke feelingly especially of the subject where;" as thus far for the Convention, The programme mother,that had been presented. The other sisters who each occupied a few moments were E. B. arranged is as follows: Address, E. W. Stephens. Address, Superintendent cjja, o. m.. rvirauaii, iu. 1. norne ana Dr. Porter of the U. S. Census Bureau. Poem, Miss oiupp. a uc uongregaiion sang " lne indgic Anna Cooper. "A non political View of the Spirit of God," and Bishop Wm. Thome proPress in Relation to the Negro" Colonel T. nounced the benediction. It was certainly, one 1 Sambala of the most V. T t Jones "Cheapening our - interesting a meetings of thf ' I. A. we have ever had the pleasure of attending; Wares," Hon. Matt. Parrott. "Electricity in the it is very gratifying to see the impjovemeiLt bein? Pressroom," J. O. Moses. "Women in Journalmade by our young people in spiritual things ism," Mrs. Sallie M. Moses, "The County Paper from a Financial Standpoint," W. H. Burrell. After the meeting was dismissed the company ' Which Makes our Presidents, the Stump Orator all remained to partake of refreshments and join in social converse. The time passed swiftly, the or the Newspaper?" R. M. Banks. Other topics on which addresses willjbe. delivered. or papers young lad ies favoring the company with so m e read are: "Circulation of Daily Papers in Interior sweet old songs, and after an hour or so we very of and Influence Cities." "The Relative, Towns reluctantly bade good night. These social re- and Interior Newspapers." the Metropolitan unions bring us into communion with each other n:heT Home" Week in a way that promotes harmony and is oroduc- - Practical. Pressroom.''. tiveof greatgood. ..r,i- -. 7: San Francisco, May 23, 1892. --Dai- ter-mor- nty- - . the-program- me v -- - - , e ietter-from-thelPresid- Dr-Alic- e -r- eaV-vvork ex-Presid- -- E. Francis, editor and proprietor of the Castro-vill- e Enterprise, the official organ of the P. C. W. and A is . quite young- wta -- manage edit a paper herself; she began at seventeen as a cohtrlbutof io M Santa Clara Valley , and was ''afterwards connected with the San Jose Mercury she began as editor in Monterey, but soon moved EDITORIAL NOTE. her paper 'to Catroville. Miss Mary Allen West, editor of the Union Signal, vs, one of the deleThe statement in one of the Utah papers that gates of the Illinois Press Association; she is e Miss Josephine Kellogg of Provo was the first nsely int e r est e d i n th c work of th e W. C. T. U . woman lawyer of this Territory admitted to and is one of its ablest arid most efficient champpractice at the bar is not correct; years ago Miss ion s and organizers. On Monday evening a reception was tendered Georgianna Snow,' daughter of Judge Z. Snowf and now Mrs. Carleton,was admitted to the bar in at-ther by the W. C-JJof Salt Lake City,and there are we believe two other headquarters of their Union, which was quite a success., The --handsome double parlors were young women who have graduated in the study of law and been employed in the offices of their beautifully decorated with the most lovely flowers of the season and trailing vines, the fragrance of 'fathers. One young lady, Miss Lee, it is expected the-- r oses- - andth e rcroms; M rs:Sperrc'e f UwUI an:appy- the Con Secrof the W, CrT. U., introduced most has not already done so, and if we are reliably of the guests, ladies and gentlemen, to Miss West informed there are one or two in Eastern colleges and others. Quite a number of the delegates preparing for graduation in that science. The n was lawyer Miss Phebe Cousins from the Nv E, A. came in during' the evening the to in bar here .Utah some years also admitted though seemingly much fatigued with the journey. ; Lat er in the evening Miss West responded to the ago- wishes of the Committee, in a. brief address, giv-in- g a sort of sketch of the Temperance work in A DELIGHTFUL GATHERING. foreignJj;g.ttnUtes, ..moxepaitlcularly-jnentioninthe Hawaiian Queen as having allied herself with Tuesday evening, the 10th ult.,the young Iadies of the Seventh Ward Y. L. M. I. A. held their from entable her and the work, and banishing tertainments not only Jh wine and liquors but annual meeting in the ward meeting house, in disallowing the .immodest dancing which had this City. The decorations were very artistic formerly- -' been one pf 7 the pleasures indulged In and beautiful and the perfume of the apple and looked upon with favor by the' late King and blossoms which had been used made the air court. She also referred to the work in South fragrant as a summer bower. There were many Africa and the promise it gave of good results. lovely plants jn blossom on the platform, and Mrs. Peak, President of the State W. C. T. U., elegant vases "of a variety of flowers were ar- made a few remarks iipon.theSiala. work, and : Mrs. bkelton (a German lady) who had been charming etiect. .7 . . . VALUABLE INFORMATION WANTED. Dear Editor: I desirelhrough the medium of your valuable paper to gain some information that I very muchr in-t- Saa-Eranci- T. - ilies-fBle- he sca d well-know- g. 'wish to have. I am preparing- a record of those who died while crossing the plains from 1847 up to the time of the bullding Qithe.j:ailroadanQU .h order to have this complete I need to communicate with my sisters and friends throughout theTlength and breadth2of the Territory, for I would that not one name, cf those deaf faithful :.PPgsshau let he; lef t; ouir foiiad missing bom pur list, as I know they will not be from the Angels' record. TherefaQ dear sisters and friends, readers of the Exponent, I ask you individually to please send Die what information you may have in. your pos session regarding this matter, for soon all personal knowledge will pass into oblivion, and history alonecan tell the story. :'7-'.rrr - -- hSlL3IJrJl ;.ofJhipresentbut.anto.mejt is given to labor for the dead, that blessed host who have kept the faith,and whose works will fol low them. , "And should we die before our journey's through, -.Happyday, all is weU; We then are free from toil and labor too, -- - V , With the just we shall dwell;" . -- - y It is in be"half that I make this request and able tO aCComnli;h all tHat ie in mv hart tn do in regard to this .work, and I will endeavor to report 