102 who presented this bill said they had u t de- - mortal man has no knowledge of whereby emeu wnai Kind or iegiiation was necessary, are obedient to His will. hut this bill. was to ascertain if possible life'What is all the wisdom of finit 3 mortals etc. devices lor Hoar Dan, saving coupling compared with the Infinite? scarcely a drop in" ,fxi)laiijie( Ijhat Mass., JiarirganzedjLhfirsL -- What -folly then- ,- who railroad commission in this country and this presumes to question the omnipotent power of matter had been considered but they were met the Deity? rather seek for knowledge and by the fact that the jurisdiction over railroads faith coupled with wisdom to comprehend more engaged m interstate commerce is national of the power and laws of Him, whose wonderful and not a btafe jurisdiction l'vniou bills to rworks;and power are manifest in all we behold provide for pensioning militia and telegraph aud which although incomprehensible to our operators engaged jvi(l -- uarro w,con tracted m i u d s is su f n cieu t .to. si! ence all-thing- v the-vastoc- civil war 11 1 1 J. i . ii'in imci u It was not for hone the heart would break. Pual speaking of hope says, "faith .is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of J ,.. , things not seen.' He further says, "by faith we stand and rejoice in the hope of the glory of God." He also says, "tribulation worketh patience, and patience experience, and experience hope, and, hope' make! h notasha raed." YetthereTs quite adifFerence between faith and hope. : Hope according to Webster is a desire with 13 UU s t'an. (Jiu wiavc uui a. pTnprfflFInn. sceptic Dec. 17, Sen. Stewart made a speech on the Faith in God and His IDromises is ft dpii'ra "v- il J being to exclaim nothing, is impoesible silver question answering the President's objec with of as urance an Yet faith obtaining. with such immense illimitable power. Why then 13 tions to the free coinage, ben. Dawes pre works without deadt'Lso doubt any blessing of Divine favor promised sayeth theAp sen ted a petition of citizens of Mass., signed also St. James to weak' erring mortals? however improbable says, "Abraham was N. N. bhattuck President of the by Hamate or impossible it may appear to our benighted justified by works, when he offered his son A. W. S. A. of that state and many others miuds. Especially we who have espoused the Isaac upon the altar; thus by works was faith of. ..amendthe for a' gfereenth made perfect." Paul says "though he had all adoption praying name of Saint, w ho profess to believe in direct ment to the Constitution of the United States communication with heaven; such should seek faith so he could remove mountains and had was nothing "Chnritv p.hfirit.v hp. .." providing for woman Suffrage; which wa3 retiottqfor to ..the not ; ui hjearnestly j ferred tuth e Se;ec neeon tWolmuT "Saints. "Paul said.'faith was the gift of God; taileth, sunereth long and not puffed Suffrage. he also said, "He is the same yesterday, to up,eeeketh not her own, is not easily provoked, The sudden death of Sen. Plumb cf Kansas day and forever. - Therefore it is our privilege thinketh no'evil, rejoiceth not iniquity, but on Sunday cast a gloom over the Senate' ses in the truth." to seek and obtain the faith the ancient Saints sion on Monday the 21st and when the fact Much more might be said in regard to enjoyed the laith oi a uaniel ana the thiee was announced the Senate took a recess "to Hebrews, who were cast in the fiery furnace charity, but it is evident it does not exist only allow preparations for the obsequies which to the poor, for Paul said, "though and more too numerous to mention. As in giving I x H :3Q:D.mLTiie-Prei'idenil vTere held and t h many xo ieea inepoor; ne oesiowen an nis gooas 'a. a me Pr i es t h ood i s r es t o r ed t o m an w i th the andi el Cabinet, Diplomatic Corps, members of the samp nnwer. rna same rmr. ann- nrornisp- it had not charity he was nothing. There i3 i i irqone kind of eharitywhichis-very-assentrat- -1 "Supfenie Court aud 1 1 ous eo f Representatives is our privilege to avail ourselves oi the same were present.- Jhe Chaplain read the burial for us all to cultivate. It is charity in overhlessings. service of the Lutheran Church and the hymns The arm of the Lord is not shortened neither looking the faults, and weaknesses of one an.d"Nearer Home.'The Senate ww "0,Be Ready" m rT another, it 13 too much the habit to judge went in a bodj to the station; and Senators is tie slacK concerning riis promises, ihe others, as ,.th,e saying is, by our ow"n standard. said, --"covet - the best gif ts." . Now Such judgment 13 not just. We cannot l.ffer, Paddock, Dolph ; Ransom and Pal mer, Apostle if faith is not the best gift it certainly seems with a delegation from the House accorapanied understand all the surroundings of our the remains of the dead Senator upon his home- - the most essential for us in these days of we know not the circumstances and and persecution. tribulation, judgments, trorn JlAinnoir U i teraptation3 with which they may have been Lord's of the These the are days controversy B. Elkins has been confirmed Sec Stephen environed. Instead of ludsriner let us rather with the world, and the adversary in sowing of war of Redfield Hon.' place retary the seeds of disease and death' broadcast thank God that He has preserved us and ours Proctor resigned. from such faults and follies, and .reach out to . throughout me entire universe, diseases new i i i j.t. of human yur u''i"er, or sister ine neiping nanaj ana and siterfible hafHing assist and encourage them to reform. In so wisdom, laying low the infant and the aged; no FAITH, HOPE AND CHARITY. doing we will show our faith Jby our works. earthly power is adequate to grapple with Otherwise if we denounce those who err, and the varioua..and,JikadieM ri Ch a and these aloof stand from them, saying in our hearts ; are ty FailhHope forth from time to time,and wfrest its bursting us I am better than thdii, the Lord may bring us one, but the greatest of these riajpb'arity-""-Thvictims from the power of the grim destroyer. saith the Apostle Paul. y The same into circumstances that will show us our own we can realize the necessity of Therefore weaknesses. Apostle also says "without Faith it is "That which is attainable 4he faith in through im possible ioplease-GodThi- sj; Thus it is 'quite important to cultivate a v saying is of the Gospel. promises quite consistent, quite reasonable, for without spirit of humility and charity to all poor fallen a boon are heavenly glorious in proffered They faith the promises of God we question His . humanity. of obedieuce conditions to the on To word doubt His requirements and promises "Therefore beloved .sisters, contend earnestly veracity. oi the tuiness oi the uospel, without money we impute toJJis character both deceit and or the faith, gifts; and graces of the Gospel, and without price, whereby, we may be able winch were once delivered to the bamts. lhev falshood. Is it reasonable that the Creator aud Ruler of the universe, would, be pleased through the gift of faith to wrest from an will prove a bulwark in every time of need. untimely grave our loved ones and prolong In the hour of affliction when the sombre witl such unjust imputations? Holy Writ inour own existence, also. it is not onlv the ciouas ot forms us that God is truth that it is impossible despondency close around you and the but Saints of a we owe to lie. then duty, if a believer privilege the evil genius of desnair stands ready to 'forJJim'to Why not in the scriptures place implicit confidence in our children, for are they not the- Lord's IUCU YllI LUCJj lPy. JVU1 ileal AUg His word and nrornises contained therein? heritage? how. very precious then lould they se at theifpbit be ready to also if a believer in the Gospel nd work of theHast drspeatlc7fiy not give credence from the bosom of the heavenly parent," com influence of the spirit of the Gospel, and in a to to our mitted their preserve charge to the promises given through God's servants, still, small voice rebuke the demon of despair them to and lives rear honor and and command him to love, the prophets aud patriarchs, ordained and depart. reverence His holy name and walk, in the Like the rays of the morning sun after a holding the holy priesthood? surely their word should .be as the word of God unto us; paths of truth and righteousness. Thus mi ht dark and tempestuous night, will the effulgent we have the unspeakable satisfaction of returnhold us will Lord we the hot if guiltless surely rays of peace and the spirit of God illuminate "' ing them to their Heavenly Father unsullied treat lightly His promises. your soul and dispel the clouds of despondSt. Paul said "Abraham believed; God: and and without blemish, saying here Father are ency. They will also prove an anchor to the the heavenly gems intrusted to my charge; and soul 'mid it was accounted unto him for righteousness, every stormy blast when tossed to he staggered not at the promises of God receive with what lueilable joy the divine 'and fro on the turbulent ocean of life. Like "well done good and ta thful servant unbelief" plaudit, through a beacon of light in the darkness they will Jesus said, ,lif ye have faith as a grain of enteMhou into the joy of thy Lord." like a lamp to guide and pilot you into mustard setd you should say to this mountain Hope is also a oreat hlesjiurr whifh wp the feet illuminate the port, straight and narrow be ye plucked up and 'cast into the depths of should ardently seek for, it should be cultivated ' path, that leads to the beautiful haven or utf cherished the sea and- it would " every: individualwitholinit: eternal peace and rest. No doubt many like the Apostles of old we could not endure the various and almost Eliza D. Gibb3. would exclaim this is a hard sayiug who can unmentionable besetus at nearly everv believe it- - But who d are accuse t he 1 ledeemeiy t urn th roughout life's t hor liy pa thw ay. H ope the Lord of light aud glory, with uttering a uuh. m evtry son arid daughter of afJiic-tio- n Kinl words are benedictions. They are falsehood. AH things are possible with God. aud can be cultivated to a extent in not only instruments of power, but of benevoThe frameraud controller or the universe is" in order to sustain us under thegreat many trying lence and courtesy; blessings, ,both to the vicisistudes we are called to pass possession of laws,natural laws, which of course " through. It speaker and hearer of them. -- the " rmrat-otettii- ate -. stle-Pau- " -- ' - . - - -- is re-joice- th atl J t 1 1 1 1 . - " -i - ll i ; fellow-being- s, . I A V V I it-- , -- i. t-- .i the-skill -- tli7r i . - - U0-man- y 7 1 -- . 1 v . : - he-done- ." . ill-,th- at f ' l. 