152 VV0MAJNT,S?EXP0NENT Some one of the papers, in referring to THE WOMAN'S V TRIBUflE, s Colonel Ingersoll remarkst the Carpenter banquet last week, made him say that he would Edited and published, weekly at Washington, rather go to eternal torment with D. C. , by Clara Bkwick Colby. he loved .than to - heaven it women were not $1.00 a year. Trial Subscriptions, five there. This immensely delighted a certain Price, w e e k sJorJIOjc e n t s .' young woman, who soon after took occasion to The Wroman's Journal, of Boston, and the Woman's Tri- -. tell him so. bune, of Washington, D, C will be sent to one ad- -' for 3.00 per year. heard dress colonel her The through smilingly and then said," Yes, yes, very nice, only 1 didn't say it'-- This was a blow, but his eyos so she asked him what he had said. twinkled, i - rT n t 7 lie tooK up a pen ana wrote tor a mo rooms. ment in silence, handed her the paper and said: on "1 here now how does that please you? Ihis DRESS GOODS Keeps Hand NOTES Aft D NEWS. was what he had written: "According to the ARTICLES AND NOTIONS, BOOKS AND STATIONERY, EQUItheologians woman brought all the trouble into An Athens, Georgia, prophet, says we are to the world. If this is true, .then I had rather POISE WAISTS, ETC. ITIab Dress the for wonderful lugr in all its branches, MlUinery, laths' have a live with the woman I love in a world full of crop this year, but and Honnets cleaned and retrimmedf Hats styles. next three years, there will be the most disto order. But trouble'than to live in heaven with nobody but Feathers curled, etc. Stamping: dorc a Sjecialty" Suit while covered tons llnrial wait, you , known. famine astrous Jiked it better,everJ men." And JLN U. UU Hi. women areThree doors west of Theatre. r -- In Sou callfor election as members of what are ed Boards of Advise, similar to School Boards. WOMEN'S NEWS. At the. recent election both candidates declared for women suffrage. The successful candidate On Monday March 28th at Union Square is a member of the labor party, which has Hall the ladies of the W. P. A. assembled to avowed for equal suffrage. listen to one of the most entertaining pro26. 28. 30and32 East 1st SoulhSt.. Judge Caldwell, of tha Eighth United States grammes of the series, there wa3 music and Circuit, ha3 again appointed a woman to the reading of papers. During a short recess light SALT LAKE CITY. refreshments were served, Mrs., James Neal position of clerk of the IJnited States Circuit Court. Miss Adelaide Utter has been deputy interested her listeners with the reading of a several on for and now Kausas at "years City paper on Mrs. H. A. A. Beach who has comthe death of the clerk, Mr. Watson, i3 appointThe posed a Mass for the famous Handel and ed to thc responsible position. Mrs. Boston. the Beach has Ilayden society of the only'lady who There isji community in thejvicinity of unique distinction ofbeing such has musical a ever produced composition; Dublin, Georgia, that lately whipped severely worth has evidenced it that h by its accepthree bad women that were in their midst. tation by this great organization. The pleasSome pertinent questions might be asked. ant meeting closed till, the next social, Apr. How does anybody know they are bad women? What and who made them bad? Do they whip 11 tb. Some of the interesting numbers on the programme were as follows: Vocal Duet bad m stand the test applied by Jesus, "Let hyu that Mrs. Newlett and Miss Morse; Song, "A Rainy Day" Mis3 Morse; An original Poem Mrs M. i3 without sin cast the first stone?" Ex. K. Johnson. THE -- Orleans .The Woman's World Alma Aldfn Louisiana, is taking an enforced recess because San Frau cisco, Cal. WESTERN Gauge of the burning of the plant in the great Canal Street fire in February. The editor, Miss M, RAILWAYl v: A. E, Far well, has beena severe sufferer from OBITUARIES. illnessVbuUhopes to have her paper outthis Died. At her late residence, on Sunday Feb, 2I,t892, month. It is her main opject to help the working women to more equal wages, and it should Jane Bate, wife of Herbert Bate. 1 he deceased was the daughter of Jane D.. and Williarrr be cordially supported. A little help just now ROCKY-MO'jNTAIas an- - encouraging will be doubly-valuab- le bhelley. She was born in American Fork, Tan. 8, i8;6. NS! and was married to Herbert Bate in Salt Lake Gity on the offset to -- many difficulties. Ex; present the literary, 'development of the State from the time of its organization; a tabulated list of Indiana journalists, and journals, including religious' and secular publications; a complete collection, of books of reputable character written by natives or citizens of Indiana; all books writttn about Indiana, its resources and people; a complete collection of photography of Indiana'sauthors and journalists, and photographs representing the home3 of such authors, and 'a collection of photographs of club houses' and' the interiors of club bo as to - I the-wom- an . -- " " . ' AND-TRIMMINGSr-FA- . " . the-woma- n -- lia made-'-elr--gi- ble HOMAS ' 9 Leading Retail ; Gasii Housr, .K.THOMJ -- . ..jpf-.-Ne- w Standard ..THROUGH THE.. 1 31, day of July 1871. " The beautiful crayon portrait of Rev.' Anna Candlin, formShaw, made by Lillian-Moo- re erly of Nebraska, but now of Wilmette, 111., and presented by the Nebraska Woman Suffrage Association, to the Wimodaughsis Fair was not " sold 6nthatccaslon7but was afterwards purchased by Mrs. Colby, President of the Nebraska W. S. A., to be given on behalf of the Association to the National American W. S. A. of which Miss Shaw irtne It will hereafter adorn the walls of the Suffrage Parlors at 1428. 1 St. Vice-presiden- Resolutions of Respect. . Choice of Three Distinct; Routes, y Whereas in view of the loss we have sustained by the de. cease of our friend jind associate' Jane Bate, and of the still greater loss sustained by those who were nearest and 'dearesfro-her'ihe Resolved, that it is a just tribute to the memory of the departed, to say that in regretting her ; removal from our midst, we mourn foi one who was in every wayworthy of our respect and regard. . Resolved that we sincerely condole with the family of the deceased, on the dispensation with which it has pleased Divine Providence to afflict theni and commend them for consolation, to Him who orders all things for the best; and XSD THE HO ST HAGN J FI CENT f RLR 0 A D SGEHERY . IN THE WORW. Two Fast Express Trains Daily " t. While discussing the appointment of Army whose chastisements are meant in mercy. Officers as Indian Agents, Senator Hawley tResormHhat thirty made the following statements: and sorrow be forwarded to . the orphan children (their 'Under this arrangement you would not father having been suddenly struck with death six days have the services of a multitude of good worn our of later) departed friend. Also to be in the en from among the best women in the whole WOMAN'S ExroNENT of Salt Lake published and in the United States. I think I heard the other day American Fork independent and that the City, same be someone remark rather: slightingly of them. on the records of the Woman Suffrage Association placed The best women of the United States have Emily heppermck, associated themselves with this matter. They Rosa. Bourne, .; are sentimental, if you choose, and religiously Eliza Buckwalter. sentimental, but they do know something about their business, for many of them have lived EACH WAY BETWEEN ' OGDEN, SALT LAKE AND DENVER. ELEGANT RECLINING CHAIR CARS! 35irba : of Cliarge. Direct Connections made in Union Depots. THE MOST THOROUGHLY EQUIPPED RAILWAY, IN THE WEST. D. O. DODGE, Genl. Mgr. A. E, WELBY, J, H. BEHtfETT, Supt. G. F. 4P A. ' they show a practical wisdom in the manner in which they deal with them. HAS ROVED her office, from Constitution to Building her resideuce. 167 THiRn qtdcct TINNERS CASjVVATER -& STEAffl FITTERS Agent for RTJMSEY'S celebrated LIFT and f6.R K. PUMPS. Pumps Repaired on short notice. Orders tr... the country promptly responded to. . .. C47D1AB3. Bit 33.. 3iLT ZAt.S 31 t. 