The Rights Vol. of the Women q ; . orts. ."" GeneTieve Euaie Browne Will You Come When I Am Dying Lucy. Mother's Birthday Alofa. POETirr--Arou- se AROUSE. The fairest gifts contained in Heaven and earth, His vast sublime benignity has striven To make thee well contented from thy birth With his full bounties, and to prove thee worth These blessings, freely placed thee on , thine honor, Now hast thou 'surely brought about a dearth Of virtue in the scales of the great Donor - . ,. For slowly hast thou sunk in sin and error; The second step how easily the first T One follows, 'till thou look'st about in terror, To find thyself within a region cursed, The victim of a' toft uousr evil thirst; . Until, sore rent with un insanedesiring, The soul, its own perdition's bonds to burst, With all its strength the being fall'n is firing.: But presently the sweet soul's voice - - grows "My life has been an unfulfilled desiring, A restless search for what will satisfy; -- : A4dlHh -- ' ' - And steer thee wisely through life's rolling ocean. Thou hast a soul, that fills thee with a passion, Too pure and nobly wrought to be earth born, That wakens to thy life in fervent fashion, The first rare radiance of a fairer morn 7 ThaW e'er the breast terrestial may adorn, A soul that thrills thee with the fires of heaven, Responsive to the Infinite, they warn Thee to retrieve, thy being, folly-rive- To break the prairie of a desert waste, rlr That thou from degradation's depths must 7Z That which to render it unto thy taste, But live in yielding prowess chaste,: With which the intellect and soul hath crowned thee, Nor let false pleasure, painted and debased, Her petty lies and larcenies e'er wound thee. to-th- at r7Z" - Oh, Mankind, rise, and breathe the air's diffusion, Exhaled byrirlnaendsimplicily; As Nature follows crime with retribution, So will she t the noble gracious be. Then Reason's light doth teach thee well to " . see, ' -- : An earnest life will yield the deepest pleasures, The highest uses of thine entity Will win thee trust and love, man's greatest treasures. ';;-y,V;- . , Seems but a cruel phantom passing by, And God gives not to me for what I sigh; So will I drift, and if I chance to please me With Sense's charmers, that around me lie, Whate'er they be, h, therewith may lease me." And askest thou what has our Maker given To thee ah, know he gives to all mankind The fairest gifts contained in earth and Heaven, That for us all his goodness has designed. He made the earth that thou a home shouldst . The towering misty mountains, richly lined With hordes of treasures that may all be ours. 7 breeze that comes from England's shores and America's coasts, inform us of the broken affection which the one yet simple word has caused, and the many hearts it has crushed! I Gdrto the"bedside"6f "the- - fond mother whom death, the visitor of mortality, is soon to take from earth; bitter tears are flowing, telling plainly the anguish of their hearts. But-t- he summons has come and the dear one must go. Oh? how g how touching her last words. ' Husband, ; children, dean:;ones. all Farewell heart so hard, so devoid of sympathy as not to be touched by a scene like this, and how often have we witnessed them? How often heart-rendin- 1-- -- bor- - Genevieve Lucile Browne. What solemn than the funeral knell! Today we meet our friends, embrace them in the arms of brotherly love rehearse the events of by gone days, when the rays of- love encircled the brow, and the heart found Ve recall fresh to a residence and a home. the memory our days of childhood around which linger a halo of joy and., innocence never to be forgotten; but tomorrow we bid them Farewell. . Not only do our friends bid us adieu, but all nature animate and inanimate is constantly bidding us Farewell; change and decay are busy. Time is carrying us forward to our eternal home yes, ' 'Home, ' sweet home." . -- -- "No cloud those regions know, Forever bright and fair; For sin the source of mortal woe, FAREWEEIy. Can never enter there." "A word that must be and hath been." Vain pleasure, naught but transient hope inspir- - - ' while ; row And then the soul is stifled and is deadened, Submerged in pleasures gross and sorrow's .' stream, And when a sigh steals o'er the senses leadened,' Like soft and sad reproaches in a dream, The wilful heart turns from the heavenly theme, M Responding, What has God in goodness given To me? I've naught to lose nor yet redeem My soul has ever been with sorrow driven. ;"'- No. 5. 1S92. others are called to witness some relic snatched from the bosom of the rolling bilbeholder that a lows, informing the anxious " --cherished nobject-slee- ps TieneathTlhem , we should perhaps gain some idea of the feel : ing wrought by1 the word , Fa rewcll. Here stand the parent, the child, the husband and wife, brother and sister, friend and about to experience the sorrow And thou hast life and strength to onward bear companion of separation. The proud vessel is ready to " ' thee ... takeir "star'lbwards which true affection has ever Thy senses' sweet endowments, which have made been directed. Sympathy and love swell thee, the bosom with anguish; tears, sad tears, When rightly used, a power thy wants to fill. are falling from the eye but Farewell, Thou hast an intellect, sublimer still, Farewell. is spoken, and the scene of parting Than any gift that governs life or motion, is known and felt in all its intensity. Hear1 Which can thy deeds with depth and greatness the thrilling words, u God bless you Farethrill, How often does the well, Farewell." Then sigh not that thy life hath naught but sor r : . Thou hast dominion over all that liveth " id moveth on the earth and irrthe"sear The Seasons, and the rain and snow He giveth . fertilize-th- e To moist'-an-d earth forthee,- The Sun's great golden glory graciously Is poureci from out the Heavens in abundance, At night, the Moon's soft silver faithfully All nature serves thee with her rich redundance. n. fainter, And.dies away unto eternal space, " And then thou givest o'er to thine attainter, The sensual,' a!l thy pure and radiant grace; For guiling Sin, half veiling what isjasej The claims of life and love islindermining, That thou ere long may'st look, upon his face, " A godless beauty in his shame defining. : find, of all Nations. the Women j Mankind, to whom the gracious God has given Jng, of SAIT LAKE CITY, UTAH, SEPTEMBER i, 21. CONTENTS. Farewell L. M. H. Jn Rural England A Story. Women's News Alma Priscilla Alden. IV I The First Primary Appreciative iklinerva Knowlton. Wr.S.A: A Address Mrs. Bullock. Pioneer Electa Report.' Modern Advertising--Thoma- s WarwjcJPrN mary Stake Secretaries. , Editorial: The Industrial Problem. Mrs. Edmund Russell. Parker and Miss Hefron, Editorial Notes. Ladies' Chautauqua Assembly. Semi Monthly Meetings. Stockholders' Meeting Gladys Woodmansee, Sec. Items From the North Mrsr-- r S; Andersonr-HKat- u reMHrKr "v.. Zio n, and the Rights If in the vocabulary of the English ;il..iL-.r4-i.--- - How joyful the thought that such a home is ours! Forever shall we surround the throne of celestial glory;-tioin in the song of redeeming love with the ransomed Uni verse oi the Almighty God; never, never more to speak the sorrowful, solemn word, v arewell. L. M. H. language a word can be found which has wrung tears from mortal eyes and called forth keen emotion frpinihe heart which has caused that tender chord, to vibrate," which binds together the sons and daughters of Adam's race, it is the word ' Farewell. ' ' This word - when spoken by a friend to, whom we are bound by the strongest ties of friendship and affection, informing us that we shall not meet again this side of the resurrection morn , awakens in our bosoms feelings only known by those who have experienced them. Should we stand beside than younger people do. It is like living on a, hilltdp , from whence the ups and downs of life appear in their iust Dronor- - day thousands are called to recognize some fond friend rescued from 'the yawning deep, as it "were, ' 'the crooked made straight, and the rough places plain." Miss Mulock. -- 1 - o In old age one Sees farther and clearer 