03 J,'s.v. .... Woman's Exponent EMMELISE B.WELLS, Editor and Publisher ASS IE WELLS CASSOS. Assistant Editor. Published monthly in Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms: one copy one year, $1.00; one copy ix months, 50 eta. Mo reduction made for clubi. City papers delivered by mail, extra for postage eue year, 25 eta. Advertising rates: Each quare, ten lines of space one time f2.50; per month, 3.00. A liberal - discount to regular advertisers. Exponent office rooms 28 and 2J, 2nd floor Bishop's Business hours from Building, 40 North Main Street, 10 a. m. to 5 p. in., every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to Mrs. K. B. WELLS, & non-parr- i- Salt Lake City, Utah. h'ntered at the Pott Oflit in Salt hik Citv. at itcond flan matter. I Salt Lake Citv Utah 1912 , May, ah EARLY PIONEER EDUCATION. That the Latter-day Saints have always favored education even under the most adverse circumstances is Those who have been connected with this Church from the' very beginning, know how earnestly the people have sought to make education general'in the settlements and wherever they might sojourn even for a limited self-appare- nt. time. Leaving' Nauvoo, Illinois, suddenly in the tlead of winter, they took with them books, though a miscellaneous collection, books of value, and among them many school books. In Winter Quarters sc'hool was taught six months in a. log school house, with rustic seats of various kinds and a dirt lloor. As we recall the facts there were about thirty pupils, among whom were some who came to the valley in the first year. The company that followed in' the wake of the pioneers and; who built the fort' on the place now known as the Pioneer Square had schools opened that first winter. The teachers whose names are on record in the history of the state taught in their own homes, rude as they necessarily were. In the second year of the settlement of the valley, 1848, lleber r- . . . .. I.V...1..M i t. . ....... iiini. d omau .uuuui nuilC Ull the north side of City. Creek. In this little building councils were also held and most important business pertaining to the wel- fare of the community was transacted. Here Horace K. Whitney' taught a fine school, assisted by the writer. There are men and women now living who were pupils in that school and are promi- nent in both church and state. This school was of high order and it was entirely free, at lcat so far as the writer knows there was no remuneration to the teachers. Afterwards schools were opened in different localities, wherever there were sufficient settlers to require it. Among the early .teachers-wrecall Jesse V. Fox, also Sarah M. Brimhall, who taught in the Fourteenth semi-occasional- ly v THE MAESER MEMORIAL. M" ' tlm inviltnliliv (IPVCIOIMIICIIIS 111 ri,,rt the way of social and literary advancement was the forinatjon of a literary society of men and women at the home of Lorenzo Snow, "known" as the Polysophieal Society. This society even antedated the Tra;iscen-dentalist- s of New' 'England.. The host known men and women of the city were members. One instrumental iir organizing this socilivety, Brother William Kddington, is still ing. The poems, essays, etc., written for this society were quite meritorious, and many of them form a part of our Church literature. The legislature of the Territory at its first session made provision for district schools as is recorded on the public documents. On Feb. 28. 1850, less than three years after the arrival of the Pioneers, and before many of the people who had taken part in the exodus from Xauvoo had reached the valley, the legislature issued a charter for founding a state university. .'This university, known then as the Tliiversity of Deseret. with a chancellor and a board of regents, is the beginning of the Luiversity excellent of I 'tah which today ranks among educational institutions. ,The provision made 'for its founding at such an early date shows how the pioneers felt in regard to higher education. Music has always been one of the "hobbies" of the "Mormon" ..people, and its cultivation has been wonderfully encouraged. It has always been a feature of the home life among the people. The songs of any distinct people show the tendency of thought and aspirations and mark the trend of feeling; and music, both vocal and instrumental, has ever been a distinctive element in the tone and policy of this people ; in fact it has seemed to be a necessity, as it were, and the songs and hymns and labors of our writers and composers have been mot helpful and inspiring in the labors of the people in the mountains and valleys, uplifting the soul under difficulties and diffusing joy and peace and content. It has been often remarked that had it not been for our band of musicians and our beautiful singers in early times cheering the spirit of those weary pilgrims in their exile and journey-ingthey never would have had the courage to toil on to the distant haven of rest and peace 'which they expected to find in the valleys of the mountains. Some of those who have progressed and have striven for the highest and best to be attained know how earnestly the people have labored to uplift and'encouragc. higher, education in music, art. and literary development. Neither has it been in vain .tlie?proofs are evident, and in the near "future the young, men and women of this mountain region will rank with the greatest orators, poets, statesmen and scientists of the world. s, Tn flip .4,,., mviv. u.-- tl lltJll CSS - '. J TV :'r ' ..... W.OMAN'S EXPONENT. ' The principal event of the closing. exercises' at the lirigham Young UniverNiy i rovo, nus year was uie ueuication .unl )resentation-tthe Church of the Maeser ' The Alumni Association of the Luiversity passed a resolution seven ago for such a memorial, and organized eonmiiltees to nnsh the work. A n r- .,,u of this resolution, five years ag-- ground was broken for the foundation and on the 30th of May, 1912, the beautiful buijding was ready for dedication. The site of the building could not in the world for natural loveliness. On the summit of ' a hill, with the great towering peaks of the 'Wasatch so close behind it as to seem almost as though one might touch them with the outstretched hand; with the broad, verdant valley sloping towards the sapphire waters of Utah lake in the foreground, and the picturesque, and garden-lik- e bcity of ;Pfovrr-lyin- g fruitto the north amUftouth the etween; fields ful and blossoming orchards of the Utah valley, the beautiful marble edifice stands majestic in its splendid" setting. The memorial itself is classic throughout in style. It is constructed of the famous white stone from the Sanpete quarries, and the massive pillars on the portal are especially imposing. The building is fully equipped for occupancy, with furniture in perfect keeping, and will be used for the home ot the Teachers' College. While the Alumni Association are responsible for the inception of this grand memorial, the Church and many friends and organizations have contributed means and made the effort a possibility, and today both the State and the Church may well be proud' in the possession of such a temple of learning. The exercises of the Alumni Association were highly interesting, but the crowning feature was the dedication of the building by President Joseph F. Smith. His impressive prayer thrilled all who were present and rendered the occasion most sacred. He besought that the- spirit of purity, beauty and nobility should' exist in the building and prevail there always; that-thspirit of the gospel and of true education should characterize everything that might be done there, and that love and unity should always exist between pupils and teachers. The erection of this building js a fitting tribute to the memory of Karl G. Maeser, founder of the Church school system which, though such a problem, in the beginning the combining of secular and religious training he so beautifully and completely solved. Today the influence of the Church schools is felt in every part of our Church work, being especially noticeable in the missionary field. The elders who have the advantage of the Church school training have not only a fund' of digested and available information to help them, but also an abiding testimony of the gospel, and are at once armed and ready for the battle in the world with unbelief or misguided .Memorial. w-ur- - o . - e , and simplicity in all ways and doings that was, a marked characteristic not at .all to be and afterwards Eleanor Pratt among deplored, but .a genuineness that could not the very first, In 1852 The writer taught well be misunderstood.. We came to this . school in a log school house in the Twelfth region to build up: a community that would ideas. Prother Mnpspr cnrrtif ward, on wlat is now Fourth East street. protect virtue and foster kl C W J iJ and encourage in- reward for his She had sixty-fiv- e in workbut a humble, quiet"-wapupils, men and women dustry and become in every sense, made the force of his; character felt .AyHo today stop sometimes Jn their busy in all that the word implies to be wherever he went. He brought 'with him public life to recall the little pioneer school an independent and a With worthy people. from his native land, Germany, high ideals where they took their first Steps, in such an aim. guided by faith, have we as "well as. thorough and advanced educa- builded. I w-er- - - J self-supporti- 11L 11 a A 1 A A . a ng, '"vmwvio, anunc wiuugui a nilgai) 