OMAN'S 72 in ? th hands ofthe'Womat of I HON EN tah should be' a Power to better the Hotne, the Mu'fe and the Nation. SALT LAKE CITY, .UTAH, MAY, 1912 Vol. 40. the territory to THE "EXPONENT." the children of Israel" wandered in the derness. Forty years en 4 ,i ballot at a wil- s of the . record! What changes in the world's condition ! What discoveries of new lands, new elements! What linking of nations with steel and wire, the overthrow of kingdoms and principalities and the building up of new and broader government ! and What marvelous velopment in art, de- educational ad vancement ! Aye, this sible , 1 little eight-pag- e pa-h- as chronicled per. from year to year such interesting and t . knowledge worthy that the yellow lines of its bound volumes . are more precious than fine gold. Its have pages largely been devoted . to the progress, advancement, and work that of women ; knowledge in itself is a marvel to contemplate, for forty years ' ago woman did , not hold in the .world's activities 'en-larg- a-er- ed place; "in Jan- I. SMT I.AKK MTV, ISJWll, JLNi: NEWS AND VIKWS. New eoiii.i inilii lli.it r irn 1, Js7j. tinlhi' lature of the Terri tory of Utah passed an . I: v. , vlin li.iVn4 u arc uow admitted la fifty Aiutri-es- n ioik .. Ni uuiiy alurtliu. I ridi ulutu fabiiiu j fur :? time, I'r.'VA ciine from Pari- - that tit.- . u.l. r - tln'iikiie,' the eliu. ti.m of .yuny l.y the college. nil Wcniu n do nW, it!t li.iif t r jail.-- ! ti.ii Im r,- ,( v.et llcv. lie Witt Talmage I pMii'nnced it of en.-,iti.ntii lienn "pirif, r jH t fhmi tnhr. ly. Thi- - I J .uri-c .md l.y iudueing "Gentile" ;i, a M'nsition preacher. millinery tb.it it, im-- wotneti t.,lfe-- i in gorgii-iti-i style that " Tilt'tn niv tin ir-- t brain in ter one, hnwee'r, - im) m will I an n, . .,( nv.u" w..i.iei iniirht imitate tl.ein ixl rtt i northern N'cw Yrk are wearing hitc ItnK fH- wiVly directed. , hi. ,u. h l.eivv ilrv cx-- N billt that it wmil l wear They mllit chapcaux of :i more objecf' ,"' ""I---'1- '!-Theanti-Mori.ioni iu to support mnre n tionable bi'J ,( j;,.-- e Ki ., v " r.m-" ,f ,r ,,,'r,. ,'" -' to have l,i i5.lUmicl W. Vuorlitt- in one day destroyed t in, tt, r the Ju.li-"""' O' 'tid l.ur.iility o. . '"' " .Iiti.':il record of a Hie anl that ciarv eommittn' of tlie Ib.iw of llepre-etit- r"'"'"v- - X(,1' v"r''fV n"u f"uiimIm ii he Uniiitr lion lninii t a julj.' 'ative, than the one to M. h Mr Uto-- 1 H.ll-.- r. I : etieolira. Mient of pride, valll.v Midi ...t It iftAlifvill.' t., think th:.t .!..! 1IJiij',7- ej .11 Wllll'flll uit l.iieis a inajonty or that rumieittee t t ii.,n.i; r the y innJitorwriu-4"t"iiitclS(u-," AiiAUU ' T'uib irf"-. .ur-e hu udii"t ha tian" and onee tvv. red instniiit-nnntiquated mihI rifuv to write "I'niu-t- l 8tat-ia ii )ir-- . ly tolluwed lu iinny pl.i e- h rt ferred t.. a the htraw to hhow how Stuth rn v nt Intent runs. till brol.p.tli. Is, aiditl to fill pri-oi- i, Wlmt a .fate lie mut I in ? ken III. r.llil'llie. htlrl.il U. linen ff retiiit.i- Kev. Jtrars Fryman Clark claims "that, ifi tion und iiitioti dowu to detrra'lati.ni and intellit'tu.'il filth ThoM3iv,n of rt is aa advantage to has et In over the country. It occ nr iations Ut, women ought toiiufamy. nd mennut heavy dcuum whom Mr. I ir. e i.mf- uin the tnitcl .St:itec, cuiiiincm ing cave it: if a disajTantae m"n oucht not to be from a few months before the lreuleTitinl elec- obliged to bear it alono." Speaking from u- - ncs to revere. If.- would Meal the livi ry of perienee we f 1 safe in 2T.niiing that the Iu.v evil t j serve religion iiu There i not inui h tion. Ir. Xewnian tiilcnl t bwome bbhoi t genncman u rirot, ao we hote lor a time of thi gentleman, and wli.it little tlK Icthodi t Gcnrral C'oufrrcutv, ml lr. when this immunity ma' be unircrsallv tniov there is iuut be either very tiilly or very Jed iad pure-mi- t a'mten. wivked. trinii iii'nrnt thl oewmd (m-a- t defeati ed ebyaonourt nretiume tbal t.ios belotiinDjr to the He has remembrance: of Salt Lake in con The eili: .r if "The rreciit Age" li.n been t a eluin h nd opposite ciasi care anrUutg about t. nection with the previous one. i, mii orthodox in wliii h the preaelier liok to Mr. Carrie F. Young, editor of the " P.i aKAinst the much Great outer)' b ' miv that ;ill religionim luding niarryiutf of the UitteMliiy fiwlot. The cific Jourunl of Health," has len ki tuting haiiiined.uii.-iii, MunnniiiMii and S'jiirltind-ii- n, in on SufIdaho and Woman to tendem y of the a?e it disregard nwrrine Temperance UiniH fur rWiiI tin-ino indlvtion of frage. The editor of the "Idaho World" tnip " tijou altop thcr, Imt there 'Iliv ".Aire" wa not present, but did nof regret bis id- - iniriele-.- " Nirlti:ili nliI a desire to ruive the race die out. lie says, " W feel a most dertdel denies that liU "iNiir' IjR-- il-- i l.iiiiis tn The "Alabama" muddle like "confusion SainN deny niir.iele, I.itter-l.i- y worse confounded" becomest worrte mixed repugiuinco to the exhibition of a woman true'upoti Miiriiuriiioiii that el din fir e re-the such any upon degradlf riutrum, adv&ttiug the more it is srirred. It btrttche denc e in it on iiiim les; .the reverse ! the And as ' theories woman other suffrage' of time, and " like a woundel ing over the He omits to state truth. The " Age" delim a minele to I snake dr.iffj its Mow lenctb alonR." The cognate subjects." of a .iide for the' time whether " Temperance" is one of the "de- "the couutrj- has become heartily sick of it. natural law fa null nil tlliexMeted to which he refers. theories" grading Souio Eastern journals head their Utah JI.vl he Niid a inir.K le wa the Torcc is ever the argument of a news with "Dcseret." With keen appreciinto nperatiiii 'f eertain nntiir.d bringing ation of the coming and inevitable, they ac cause. The principles which cannot le over- laws not gcnenlly uihler-t- l or eoiitpre-hendehe would have leeit r cept the mellifluous name rhoen for the come except by the exercise of physical rorntf. can tell how a luitunl law region wrested by that industry1 which power, present a front thst arrests the atten When here nrgument nutv lx or can " the honey bee" represents, from the barren tion of thinking minds. except bythe fails and force is employed to overcome an wilds of nature. of some other uutur.d law, bi-- t defithe power of the principle to nition, which in the generally received one, ' George Francis Train sends us a bundle of opponent, HI Train Ligues. The compliment Is appre- which opposition is made is admitted, u may I entitled to more consideration. We w ho urge repressive legislation against those the working of the overland telewasted. sweetness act is like imagine ciated, but the ? Witness is as great a miracle to Uie (lieyenue Wc can vote, but not for " the next Presi- the people of Utah think of it graph Indians as any recorded miracle that the dent f America." Utah has not become the Voorhecs bill as an illustration, t A notable- event, as a result of the late " Age" or the orthodox minister can quote. yet, nor can it participate in Presi dent making. Mrs. Laura Dc Force Gordon attended the terrible Franco-Germa- n war, is the opening Tbo last week of May, 1872, will be me- of the German University in Strasbourg, Cincinnati Convention and claimed a seat as That a delegate from California. Her claim was morable in American annals as tbo first time which takes place-- June 1st einco tbo first ordinanco of secession was famous city on tbo Rhine, after a siege me- - treated with hisses and laughter. KhtPtook passed in tbo South, that both bouses of morablo in the annals of warfare, passed a position in front of tho stand and endcav. drowned Congress had their full Hot of members. into the hands of the Germans, and now ored to sjeak, but her voice was Statesmanship can retain a complete Federal they take the surest means to permanently by a tumultuous discord. Her persistence in seeking to address an assemblage that legislature, but the article has grown some- consolidate their power, by establishing there one of those Beats of learning for w hich treated be claim In such a manner wns unwhat scarce. has become enviably famous. dignified ; while the action of the Conven- To pardon the worst class of criminals on Germany tion in receiving her with hisses awl uproarde United to is condition that they emigrate Miss Susan B, Anthony, it the mid, Liberal ious laughter, was disgraceful. The for a Mates, is growing in lavor with European clared before the Cincinnati Convention met, Ttniibiimni in Cincinnati assembled monarchies. Germany and Greece so far that if it gave her cause "the cold shoul work of purification and reform, bae done the largest business in this line, der," the would go to Jtuaaeipnia ana general stood of general regreatly in need the latest batch of villaius thus disposed of pledge the ballots of the women of America form themselves, in tbo matter of manners being the Marathon murderers from Greece. to U. K Grant. As the women or America well as in politics Mia Gordon was as Orders have beeu forwarded by President arc yet without ballots, and as it is very as entitled to a seat in that Convention 'Grunt to New Orleans, to which, port it is questionable, if tbcy had tbem, whether they much . iinu..ir r.. i- imvrt vet 10 i understood, they have been sent, to prevent would authorize auv tintrlo Individual to learn (bat tho call for it specified that their landing.. Tbcy should be captured, pledge them for any candidate, the supposi. male" Republican ouiy were ami"""-Ironed, returned to Athens w ith Undo ISam-uel- 's tion is fair that Miss Anthony )osscse too called. i London in new periodical A td have mador any such compliments, and a bill for direct" and! much good ' The Ladies." ; declaration. "consequential" damages presented. oiil if f.,-i- -' - ability the inexperienced young woman would have hesitated long before assuming such an uiiusuaJLuU;.. intrj-lue-Alitc- it-- i- Tlii-olur- 1 - I d - 1 .;- life-tim- e, - V.-.rl.- lowever, dertaking. what her whole life 1 f'"1' has shown was shown in her. youth she was obedient to counsel; and she entered upon her novel duties with a firm resolve to do her best with the - t " -, -- 1 unad-rennLill- y ! ttl - licht-lovin- e h-- Lord's help.. She to the work brought ' the freshness and fragrance of youthful enthusiasm subdued by a religious sentiment ; and her work will stand unique her people for among the beginning of a paper that has wrought so much of good. The felicitous and expres- mt-iiidi- on-a-iu- n rai-re- in 1 is it-e- ith iiut-geiuy- ." ld d, lie-ve- to-da-y. t e, sive name Exponent was given by Presi- dent Young, and the paper was to proclaim the views and of the sentiments women of the Latter-da- y Saints.. Miss Greene was married to Levi W. Richards in 1874, and her home duties demanding first attention, it became necessary to have an asFor sociate editor. this position, .the choice naturally fell '' upon Mrs. Emnie-lin- e 1. Wells, who had teen a valued contributor to the paper both of prose and withpoetry. Shortly after Mrs. Richards drew altogether from editorial work, ajid Mrs. Wells became editor, a position held by her to the present time, a period of over it in thirty-fiv- e years, all the the eight-pag- e newspaper; form. Perhaps evi-den- , - K-ns- " T ' , comenfranchising the .women of this by1 ed monwealth. The act was acting GoVernor Mann,,: the Federal appointee of President Ulysses S. Grant, and at a municipal election the following month the women cast their first ballot? Miss of President Seraph Young, a grand-niec- e Hrigham Young, was the first woman in act duly-sign- ' 1 ; uary," 1870, trie legis- ' Vltllli r sci- ence, and literature, and the greatest pos, Vol. lie surges ted the thought to Miss L. .ula Greene, a young writer of promise, Parting a woman s paper. Miss Greene was a 'rand-niece- , of President Hriirham Voting, and she immediately wrote her uncle a letter for advice in the matter. He sent for Kliza-KSnow and other leading women, and put the matter before them. The result of the conference was the starting, of a paper and Miss Greene was summoned to become the first editor. President Young gave the work to her as a mission and had it not been for this phase Mr. 1'i irct a MdliMli t l. rpyriiaii - nfidi Salt I.iko bit lieaibiuartero of the call, in all probi'l Ivttutinz general elapsed between the laying of the 'corner stone and the laying capstone ftf the Salt Lake Temple. So forty years represents a goodly age for a periodical, especially such forty as " those lat past. What a vast amount of history this little sheet has been able to accumulate No. 9. election. The women of I 'tali bad alwavs taken an active part in the settlement and develop- ment of the community, and throu gh their splendid organization; the Relief Society. had wielded a strong and forceful influence; so when the suffrage-wagiven them the On the first day q June, nineteen hundred twelve, the Woman's Exponent will have reached its fortieth anniversary. Measured hy human life and accomplishment, fortv years is a long time. Forty years 1 1 ''THE EXPONENT, FORTY YEARS AGO. ' time was surely ripe for a, woman's paper vhefein; they "might better tell to those in the work! wlto would read, .the truth about Edtheir condition, sentiments and position. ward L. Sloan, the gifted editor of the Salt Lake Herald, was probably the one who took the initiative in the matter. Realizing m- that the time was propitious "and the. field -- -- -- time-keepin- g 