..jr. r -. Junius F. Wells also paid a tribute to "Aunt Km' expressing the affection with X h GT TT ''Cr senti!"cts-Tl- which the Wells family regarded her, one ' of hi allusions 1,rbki"H ,K'r re It , being that "Aunt Km" had s, - niarri d Bishop Xewel K. Whitney, which ";,r";V T"M-, Tl,i.; Ukrn vrii . . ' ' . V "v m t' tlil. .... the doubt r. reason that the Bishop ngntene.l mind. she was .. i ju.t a of W hit: y today was so famous a poet. hearted little woman and love her beeauV I can t !. G. WhitrTey, who was asked to represhelp it." five a Mrs. !i;e Margaret-Blainminute W'hitneys, gave ent Salisbury paid a largely reminiscent in eharacter.of the loving, tribute to Mrs. Wells and 'said she was honured in being early days passed in "Aunt EmV cottage present and having the f on State street, almost a second home to opportunity vicing her admiration for He one the W'hitneys. .whom she considered a gifted and repraised any movement to'the payment of tributes to markable woman. that the pioneers while they were still in the .President Lund reviewed 'some of and said more funeral orations ought of the honored giie-- t and eulogized t le delivered in advance of the funerals. her wonderful life work, while President Penrose gave a brief review of her life in a Speaking of the tie between (he W'hitneys anil W'ellscs, he said ....iwlu ,mii ii eeiauve wav dellin,r " remember that when we were very, somewhat on her interest in vital public I urv yung. was aware that there was a questions, especially the suffrage for which she had made a gallant fight. family tie of some remote kind that united The chief feature of the occasion was the ' u uith 'Aunt Em's' branch of tlie Wells family, and my brother ()ron and I ued eonternng of the degree of Doctor of Literam ture by the to feel a great pride in it, I remember, Young University of indefinable as it was to us. I think we rethe Provo, ceremony being conducted bv in President Wells the familv the light of a called Joseph F. Smith, who in a short address recited the history of the accordance tira clan, something like the McGregors of the degree, the first to be givenanv woman of Scotland.. with ourselves as humble in'the state. They felt that she had won this and 'Aunt Km' the link that conI know that the great domain nected us. distinction through her attainments, and of the Wellses as it stretched, to my boyish while it added nothing to her individual cvcn. over a wide expanse, south of the City gifts, already in evidence, yet it marked the Creek wilds where we Whitneys ranged, appreciation in which they were held. He took pleasure therefore in handing to her eenn il vast and illimitable. To our childish the document conferring the degree. fancy, the great house that stood on the Teinplcton corner was a sort of a huge, THE DRGRKK. feudal castle, containing an army of serviBrigham Young I'nircrsity, tors, with Brother Snarr as the dreaded . Provo City, Utah, U. S. A. chief warder of the tower." In recognition of the eminent literary He also mentioned the meetings of the attainments of Mrs. Fmmeline IHanche old Wasatch society that met in "Aunt rells ?nd uH-recommendation of the Em's" home, at which she and Squire Wells General Church Hoard of Education, and of were interested listeners. lie concluded by the Faculty of Brigham Young University, saying that he could not do justice, to the the Board of Trustees, by virtue of the ausubject of "Aunt Km" if he confined him-st'to prose, and with her permission he thority vested in it, confers upon her the dewould lapse into poetry with the following: gree of Doctor of Literature with all the rights, privileges and honors thereunto apProud Wellses, tho' you claim Aunt Em, pertaining. Your title is the worst, Given this Twenty-nint- h day of February, Your mortgage is a. second one, in the year of our Lord the Nineteen HunThe Whitneys hold the first. dred Twelfth, and of the Brigham Young So while we're willing you should share University the Thirty-sixt1 1 1 1 i ' i ! (. i i i ' - can-truthfulne- ss, musi- ere, showered ujnn "Aunt Fin." . Aniejng the gifts was a handsome white brocaded silk gown from the Relief S.iety Board, a handsome silk lace scarf from the Oneida Stake Kelief Stvietv and an embroidered hand bag made of Utah silk from the Box Elder intake Relief Society. So many honors and so much love would almost over whelm any one and dear little "Aunt Em" can only say in reply to it all, "I love you is yours and our everv one. and I Lather's in leaven.'" w mv-servic-e TEI.r.GR.VMS AND SENTIMENTS. arc moments of life that we never "There ' forget, Which brighten, and brighten, as time steals away; They give a new charm to the happiest lot, And they shine on the gloom of the loneliest day." TELEGRAMS. Follow ing. are a few of the telegrams and sentiments, the former received. on the 29th of February, the latter received some on that day and the rest within a few days subsequently. There were so many of these in the form of poems, letters and expressions of good will that it has been found quite impossible to use them all. Alice Merrill IIorne. Ogden, Utah. President, Eiiimclmc B. Wells, ' Salt Lake City, Utah. I cannot refrain from extending my congratulations and best wishes upon this anniversary of your birth. I sincerely hope and bless you may live to cheer, comfort vour family and the sisters as long as life-ia pleasure to you, and that your last may be your happiest days. S. Jane 29, 1912. Love and congratulations ; may eaeh succeeding birthday be happier than the last. Clarissa S. Williams. . Washington, D. C. Allie joins me in sending on this, your natal day, greetings, love and best wishes. Peace, joy and God's blessings be yours as long as you live. v Reed S moot. New York, Feb. 29, 1912; to May you ,be spared to your friends' continue the' good work done, for them and Utah, in health and happiness. Bertha G, M." Bamberger. . ' Ocean Park, Cau, Feb. 29, 1912. this .Congratulations and best wishes on " y-- -- "V; .r"---'-;day of days. Elizabetil s Richards. Ocean Park, Cal., Feb. - 4 - lie addresses and exercises of the eve lf President of the Board of Trustees, George H. Brim hall, President of the Faculty. This couplet was greeted with laughter As the words were spoken the entire and applause and so moved one of the Wells audience rose, and many eyes were moist clan in the audience he that (Rulon S.) during the impressive scene, as Mrs. Wells turned, out the following impromptu which wearing the cap and gown.- She he t. ndered Em" at the end of the responded, her deep feeling at the honor acexpressed session. corded her, and said that it meant much to her not only as a personal tribute, but as a The Whitneys claim a prior right, matter of honor to her sex. It had always And threaten to foreclose, The adjudication of this case been a matter of regret to her that great We'll leave tp Him who knows; educational institutions had withheld this But this I knowxnd do maintain, distinction from women, and she hoped that That you are ours pro tern, ' this Would have its influence in showing that And in the great eternity. You'll always be "Aunt Em." Utah withheld nothing from the. women of the state. . a Bishop Orson F. Whitney madexsorhe reMrs. Wells also, gave number of permarks- and recited two Elder J. sonal reminiscences. poems. Golden ''"Kimball .followed with a characteristAN UNIQUE HONOR. ic talk on He Em." "Aunt loved he y x No such honor has ever been done a womsal "I love Aunt Em because of her v an before in Utah or indeed in the West; honesty, integrity and loy-tto her friends, the Church of Jesus it is rare anywhere in the world. Yet it Christ and her fellow beingsT She is big is most fitting thaUUtah, where equal suf- - : All (luring the day letters, telegrams and gifts, the latter mostlv in the wav of dowers, K Joseph F. Smith, ."'""''y iiivriii- composed of c,vo. I). Pyper. Horace Ensign, H. G. Whitney and J. 1). Spencer giving two. songs. Iki-lia- Our claim and won't oppose it; Please keep that mortgage well in mind, Lest some day we foreclose it. '' recognition shoul.l worthy- a recipient Mix Uomania Hyde rendering beautiful violin juiihUts, and a quartet : h. i ch ning were interspersed with delightful e n ill '"... an.lhas l,cc. popular .for cal selections. h. oiT-hH- ; 1 . the-labor- . Wl'rc i :H-ke- iH-- .rCal,1, il- 1 -. prevails - . . ad-dn- frngc-- c S. Wilcox. (Contintfed on page 54.) . ., , 