'Gl CmulUUflc of individuals has often been I) .calizc that HV aiiurrs are mally 10. in avail, buman of them children" with 'gifts and original stnnulatmg great. progbVstrengtheiung tlk- cause of' Truth iM.wersA- The poet wrote, "He who plants, a V in and Righteousness discouraging tree lives torever. We would impress upon - inrance and the march xi hvd ok j;it. you the necessity for the planting of, trees,' 'e, therefore, the officers of the National for grove, making and for forest building. Woman's Relief Society assemble!, rcpre- W e u rue the n o a Mant the teaci.mig ucign for ... . Lombardy fuel, six ..i poplar i. ;:tiug and acting in the name of I0.CKX) i.uigiMge in un sv ool grades by at least lives,-aftefew a years gnnrthTTYinnMi ,a men. organized In the Prophet Joseph tile conversatit mal net hod. home with .aii'ju;i''e wood. The locust is even better the relief of the i!iith the easily, acquired by the en At child. young lor ieucv posts than cedar. There are so i lioratiou of the oppressed, in the interest high school age. wluh the bo s and glib many unused 'spots, whole lots and corners," ..; education, the best citizenship, and for begin with a foreign language, they are not upon w hich groves of locusts could be rain d tine charity; do hereinafter bring forward ;o receptive in this particularand language for fencing; Tbe English walnut and almi suggestions,, upon which our united has become inure difficult In master. Years mond tor nut growing may now hecoiue a strength would he a might) power for good oi stud) in high .eliool and universitv reality. The .walnut furnishes a beautiful :;poii questions the solution of which seem might be avoided if children could converse material for cabinet work. Any and all .it this time to he especially .expedient and at home or in or both, in foreign lanhardwood trees, the maple, ash, oak, mahoginasmuch as they are calculated guages. W e deprecate the fact that foreign any, and walnut are good to plant, for, to have a hearing upon the promotion of born "parents do not always teach their chilenhance the value of land; in fact, dren the language of their fathers. A child public health, of civic beauty, of maintaining even- year's growth adds greatly to its "tiie highest standard of purity in the home, can not be better equipped for an education l money value". The hardwood varieties of greater faith, of the use f individual than to be started out with" two. to sav for shade and what is more charming a broader a and more in 'thing of three, speaking languages intelligence, gifts, than the cherry and plum and apple in blosrooted will and spiritual growth, deeply som? Then the fruit trees remember we thereby create opportunities for higher liv- have set a high standard here and there can DESECRATION OF THE S. I'.IJAT he no turning back. We must study the best (4) We fear for the consequences of varieties adapted to the localities in which LECH RES. they shall be planted. and are shocked at the desecration of the Sabbath day. How dreadful to think even ) We therefore suggest that each Relief N of a Sunday "vaudeville" and a Sunday exI.E WORK AND AKT. Society President of Stake, (aside from the cursion! lectures given by missionaries from the (Jen- S) We believe in the work of the hand, AVc deplore the mad rage for public eral Board), shall provide for at least one we believe in the work of the machine, we lecture by local talent on research which amusement and advocate a more intellectual believe in the work of the brain, but we line of recreation and enjoyment, something shall pertain to either our religion, art. that will tend to develop an attitude toward recognize that when the hand and brain invention, discovery, history, exploration or unite and the hand lovingly does the bidding such as dramatic art. elocutravel, and also one lecture or a series of special Mudy, of the brain then labor is exalted into art tion, music both instrumental and 'vocal. lectures, by local talent, on a practical sub and the laborer becomes greater. than his ect that is, or could he made to hire. The. people of these mountain states g vital to the of the people of that uuure. have gifts, let us advisv that they use them. Stake. We would suggest such subjects as Lit there be a renewal. a revival, of all handrrni.ic iie.u.tii, methods scientific applied public health, and embroidery, knitwork, to poultry raising, how to make the farm ting, designing, crocheting, lace making himself The Prophet Joseph urged (?) to the pillow lace leingnot forgotten rag carpay. use and utility applied in their use means to this people s every hou-sdemonstra-tionupon and furnishing, pet, and rag rugs in washable lengths for the health and to prolongapromote lower in cooking, sericulture, the best bath rooms, and covers for trunks and a We closer life. human of tion urge study adapted and most improved scions of truit tables; the spinning and weaving, smaller home and life relative to vital of questions tor the locality in Which they are to be fiat making", the designing and making of such as health foods; (b) nourishing (a) dresses, painting and design for "house grown, methods by which large and small of the drug habit; (c) results and danger be utilized, decoration and for illustration. Let us not weedy tracts, unused land, may abstinence from stimulating food and drink; the culture of the English walnut and alforget that sericulture is our industry and need air; dress; (e) (d) proper nethe should be restored. The special prize ofmond in our mountain climate, and correct and of habit the walking (f) fered for the best half-acr- e of potatoes' cessity of a vegetable garden. These lecour 'influence. their ami physical upon raised by a boy should help us to interest tures may be given at the regular or special to protect screening proper (g) our sons in scientific farming. Teach the Relief Society meetings in the Stake or flies and other insects; (h) methods from Ward. girls how to make their own clothing. by which the housefly, carrier of the typhoid and other diseases, mav be eliminated from BALLOT. HOME MANUFACTURE. the usual breeding places; and (ij value of out of door sports. (2) We believe that a proper apprecia(9) Wc pledge our support to home tion of the privilege, of the ballot and its manufacture. 'competence ami THRIFT. acred responsibility should be shown by ac(10) Above alLwe should surround, ourtive use of the franchise in the interest of selves and our families with an atmosphere hi an asset (6) Every individual should better government, clean politics, the elimiresides and it of faith, integrity and honesty, and by all nation of temptations and a more practical to the community in w hich he means in our power preserve the health and do all that is possibleUoward ducation, which latter should be secured is our duty to virtue and faith of our children. who are not "mak teaching the by leaving out impractical routine lessons Alice Meriui.l Horne, least self-su- p .aid replacing the same by work to develop ing pood" how to become atsoul should Chairman. perporting."-- Teach that every individual gifts, for in this change we Dr. Romania B. Penrose, of labor. Let us en iust a form portion of the solution the found be would. Elizabeth CaineXrismon, habit of depositing a little in a the as classed now courage of pupilslarge number Edna May Davis. s.ivinp-- bank. If all would learn and prac failures and would have a salutary effect tice saving, the state would be without upon reform, work that present conditions slothful-nespaupers. Discourage greed, graft, make- necessary. Why not direct the inA friend whom you have been gaining Enr. and wastefulness extravagance.. cannot who child terest and energy of the and the habirof during your whole life you ought not to be e made to fit the mould wiucn in system courage' industry and thrift President John displeased with in a moment. A stone is; what Remember to fill, f tithing. o education all pupils are expected Conference: many years becoming a ruby ; take care that some Henry Smith said to lis lastmenace toward something which lie can do, me you do not destroy- - it in an instant against isTa io Or woman,. man "An someidler, thing within his scope and power and another stone: Saudi. , which he or site resides. community-iwill he which delight? in of : thing theoing . . ' ' , ' - - ) ! ; i...r.,t. J -- I . . . r I fr i- di-tnM- ' ch-ol- r-e- ntial, they-rapidl- - arc-idea- 1 1 . 1 ( I I I ( -- he.-intensel- . well-bein- hand-sewin- house-huildin- g, g for-fres- well-bein- g; ' , . able-bodi- ed ' bc-iie- ve - s s, - . ' J n i . 