.. - YOUTH OF ZION. in's JV'thm Aunt Myram's garden grew I hnver's of every kind and hue; . hope is 'most exultant In the tnturc yet to he,. When the children of the eov'nant and chrysanthemum, white and lilies freckled, Marigold, and tulips speckled, Loudon's pride and With larkspur- - ;,ndtall hollyhocks; '1 hen honeysuckle, coral red, Ami oh! the swectc-- t siolet hed Why, you could cent them far away, At morning's dawn aiul close of day. Write tlieir deeds- in history. Sons and daughters with a mission Foretold in prophetic vision. - t'onr-o'clocks- Xion's.'luots hum !k: triumphant In the hattle for the ri.s'ht : They are hravc and strong and valiant; They must surely win tire flight, Maintaining righteousness and truth In the full vigor of their youth. Mx-pointv- , ' l'.right morning gl"ti.--uet with dew, Around her window twined and grew; And oh! the popj.ie- - that grew there, In Aunt Myram's ganhn fair, I think I re each ilken head, All white and pink aiul double red, Xoddimr .'ind wayin in the light, . Making all nature Hem more bright; And veet pea. too, tU' lovely things, With clinging tunin:-- . i'u'ry wings, Ami mignonette and eglantine, And daisies pied and columbine, The sturdy Canterbury bell, And many that I could tell, All grew in weet profusion there. Nursed and tended with loving care. the shadow of the m- mountains, Tow'ring high t'ward heaven's Ionic, Drinking deep from crystal fountains' Flowing freely round the home, N'aturc in her' tenderer grace Makes beautiful each lonely place - i weeter than all the (lowers there The little woman with silver hair And bright black eyes and winning smile, And gentle way- - that cares beguile. I see her there among her flower, -- it As hnu ly- huurx thinking. hese stalwart men from noble ires Proudly bear the honored name; Heroic deeds each life inspires, Treading oaths that lead to fame: .or ever lav their armor down. I'.ut win the prize ami earn the crwn. Kmmch'nc J. TOIL. . -- I - - Long since. Aunt Myram went away Where flower bloom in endle-- s day: Hut her nature weet and brave and true, A lesson kit, for me and you: 8, 1912, IN BALMY SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA. Rivkksidi:, Cab, February 8, 1912. Mm :" One year ago today Dkar "Ar nt I wrote you a few lines from Ocean Park. Again today I send you a few lines in memory of my dear mother's birthday anniversary, and to show you that I also remember and love you. The memory of many s weet 'things which you did for mother when we had her with us and the memory of lovely things said of her later will ahvavs make me hold vour Tho' cares are many and days are gray, t tend the flowers along the way: Skies will brighten and blossoms glow. They need the showers to make them grow Ju-- AUNT MYRAM'S GARDEN. Mm. A TRl'F STORV. A Mvram. as wc called her rame . rrr,m Mnlancl. where she had worked in a Mocking factory from the time she 'was old enough to hold a lwbbin. One day she heard the call of a "new faith." and. accepting it. tribute. C. Woods, March, 1901. llllt ia nu' to I Tali. her heart she was a true child of nature, and without realizing it, had craved a "l land of her own. all her life; when it came to he her's, that hit of a garden only a tew feet square, she loved, it so fondly ';''! tended it with such care, had such a p:'etty coaxing way, that the slips "and seeds :!vw to wonderful perfection in spite of un-niahlc winds or weather. Xo matter how hard the day's work had (n, Aunt My ram was never too weary to vued and water .'that 'bit "of garden ; she "uld say, if. remonstrated with, "it rests i! e to dig among the sweet violets and talk t the mignonette and . gilly flowers and ' nil" hack memories of when, on a Sun day,, I have seen, just such towers in the farmers cottage gardens and nulled, just such, fragrant violets,' while talking along the lanes and hedgerows of In M .' 1 old-fashion- ed ; old England." Xot that she regretted leaving the old for, in spite of the fact that her life f"untry, in-America had been a hard one, with little or pastime, she kept the even tenor "f her way, looking.back to the land of her ''ir 'yi-tir- e. l'irth, With that kindly sweet remembrance have for our first teacher. Many the fragrant bouquets from, that garden, that have graced ray 'table in the ago and ;one of the visions I hope I Hall yet realize is to see dear Aunt Myram again, radiant and sweet, "clothed with cein the lestial grace' among- the flowers v gardens of Paradise;' lit-rt-- le lg . HOW THE BETSY ed "She set to work and the committee approved the finished flag. Mrs. Ross was then instructed to procure all the bunting possible in Philadelphia and make flags for the use of Congress, Colonel Ross Furnishing the money. "The resolution 'adopting the flag was not passed by Congress until the following vear and is dated June 14, 1777. A month previous, however, there is a record of an order on the treasttrv in favor of Bctsv Ross for 14 12s and 2d. in payment of flags for the fleet in the Delaware River." -- I a five points. m.-r- Hut u-,r- ed five-point- -- vL-- t - - d, six-point- , these mountain vfdes primeval They have grown to manhood's prime, Taught to shun the paths of evil, Filling life with deeds sublime; Proclaiming equity and peace Till tyranny and discord cease. l.rnarav ' - - -- In In am! kmon ba!'n- - l'Uik . thirteen stripes, with blue field dotted with' thirteen stars. They talked over the plan of this flag in detail, and Mrs. Ross noticed that the stars which wrr trb,.,l v and suggested that they should have five points. Washington admitted that die was correct, but he preferred a star that would not be an exact copy of that u his coat of arms, and he also thought that a star would he easier to cut. Mrs. Ross liked the star, and to show that they were easily cut she deftly folded a piece of paper and with one clip of' her scissors unfoMed a perfect tar with ROSS FLAG WAS MADE. of valuable historical documents and relics, many of them faded and frayed and all liaving played vital roles in American historv. is in the possession of the Illinois Society of the Sons of the American Revolution, which maintains a library A rare collection memory in affection. I hope you are feeling well and wish you could be in this beautiful place and warm and office at 30 North LaSalle street, , a... i: t i! 11 cago. arucuiariy interesting arc me leoeb that show the evolution of the American flag, including reproductions of the first American banner that floated on the Ameri can continent, and presenting all the links in its development down to the more mod Chi- - 1 ern, forms.. The com- of the BetsL.Ross flag which is owned bv the society was made in 1905 by Rachel Albright, a granddaughter of Betsy Ross, when she was over 92 years old. De n scribing this and other relics in the posses--sioof the society, James Edgar Brown writes in the current issue of The Hamilto- nian, official organ of the Hamilton Club of Chicago: "InOhe latter part ofIay, 1776, General .Washington, accompani his staff, and" by the Ross," a member-o- f Hon. Robert Morris, the great financier of the Revolution, called upon Mrs. Betsy Ross,. a niece, of Colonel Ross. She was a young and beautiful widow, only 24 years of age, and known" to be expert at needle-worThey called to discuss with her the design and manufacture of a national, emblem, our first, starry flag. Up to this time almost its own every regiment on sea and land "had particular flag, which fact often proved most embarrassing to military officials; "Washington unfolded a paper on which had been rudely sketched a plan oi a - k. climate of southern California during the remainder of our winter. I love the beautiful pepper-tree- s and the palms and the verdure. There are some flowers, but not a great many now; it is not just the season for fullness of bloom. I have seen a wonderful cactus garden not far from the Mission Inn. It was in a tiny park, just a "breathing place." Mrs. McClellan took us over there. She knows Riverside pretty well. Yesterday we were taken an ride up Rubidcaux mountain to the cross placed there in memory of Fra Scrra, who established the missions in California. They- were a day's journey apart, beginning, in San Diego, 1769, and continuing to San Francisco. I lis great work is much appreciated by Californians. i The sight of the orange groves, acres and acres, hundreds of acres at least in one great stretch,. with. their, loads of ripened fruit, is. a sight to make the heart glad. " . It is now Friday morning.. Yesterday Mrs. McClellan and I were taken for a fide in the suburbs by. Mrs. Castleman, a lady who lives here. We were present at a pleasant dinner party in the evening, and in the later evening Professor McClellan gave a musical program on the great organ in the music. room. That room is built like a cloister and contains many valuable relics, besides the niches and statues arid other reX minders of the monasteries. auto-mobi- le Ju-nipe- ro - . ; " Elizabeth S. Wilcox. . . 