1 'S HXPONENT. : r VVitiVjiili, while ariotlife - nas condemned to 'dfc fr;, but !T To-n- YM itTedus i v I ;i!;t : i la-art- ; 1 - - I , it- - -- mar-dimal-- . - -- Kngland in the rrrfl,.n Til-,- . of fire!' .riet.v :,,i by ti; it. i v.lnte buck bean, the thickly strewn pur- - push red blossoms of the pitchers, the "jacks," with their lords and ladies, and the white azalea, rich in fragrance. The last "t the spring production is the arethusa. with variegated hp and bright pink petals, the most fascinating, delicate and delusive "i all the water plants, for it hides itself in tiie most inaccessible places, the hijrliwav a,;,l fields are covered with bloodroot, anemones: violets, brown and blue, the "dog t''th violet, nodding daintily on its stem, Mue' hepatica, red columbine, the state lv sapper and the cardinal flower. In Uctobcr, ine blue fringed gentian is often found by their side. The woods contain fine speci nuns of ferns that have attracted the "at tuition ..qf botanists.. The delicate brown so often in demand for herbariums, i native of these woods. The birds in Tonsfield are of brilliant pjumage,;and many varieties that have j not f i i us'ieti tneir old home tor years, navmg ''s ii driven away, it is said, by .those K uniesome iinghsh sparrows, are now .returning in .great numbers! Among' them "' scarlet tanager and. the gayiy coiorea sbeck occasionally flash before us as V pass through the wood, win'e yenow ,irds,5the little brown thrush, bluebirds in it- - Js-rn- - t;. !ifc . J 1 Mofu-Ii- )'''' i'er;t :lh .,u" I he is l - I " -- 'v r,n. "ON. ye prM)r ill JI have this .applie.s t the p'"r farm has less ti;.in s Tin farm is pleasantly cupant ituati i, and is Ue of die most produc- in the The have :m rmtii'v fnr 'uc "aikii conimenlv called tjentrv ti a: v, i, ani art' 4r ut th tmnc vvas formerly furriisbed ,'xi" n: u u!,. " tlieir bread, but at ' one timcr'so ';:an availed tli. uisidves uf this generous was substituted: The provin t 'it r ' . n . t ' j . -- , , meeting' hou'se, by gathering Sunday eggs. Sister Stewart reported Milburn ward; Sisters good in their donations and gather5 ing of wheat. . Siter It Af.-ir-v r ... :. inc '";W1U ountain Green ward as beingiv.j'oiieo in good condition looked after the sick and poor; kept up their wheat and made manv quilts for the ; l ; ' poor. Sister Anna Hardy reported the Moroni ward as having a fairly good attendance. All young mothers enrolled in the society and were a great help; held missionary parties and gathered means for the missionaries ; had purchased an organ for their hall and were paying for it bv gathering Sunday t'ggs. Sister F. 11. Wells, general president of Relief Society, was pleased to he n present o bin'Min que-tii-a separate estabh'sh- with the sisters in such a beautiful house. menf i ;r then-- vagrants. t ome nlace She had always enjoyed, visiting Sanpete; rem- te fro tin ,.;n....ge, is now under con- had visited the wards many years ago; espehi leratii in. will be an . additionaf cially remembered Milburn' and Indianola grievance to fhem. as some have alrradv j wards; little wards did great things; had in comolanied ot tin- nreenl sln.ri Irii. "nv,r" company with Eliza R. Snow and others the Iiills to 'tlk rl rouse he (Ul acad- blessed Indian babies at Indianola. She emy, which u-- 1 been a landmark Tor manv was a lover of the Sunday School and loved generations. i"; quahit and interesting,, children's voices, because it was sweetest uated on an hi tlie heart of the music. Prophet Joseph Smith Joved all village n,. that were beautiful. President Brig-hathings The inhabitants of Topsfield follow in .Young was also a lover of children and tlie tootsteps of Uieir ancestors, whose always knew them. As mothers we should traditions cultivate every taste for the beautiful for cling tenaciously to the soil, ddie natural urn mrrlings .of the the, benefit of our children. be intrusto defense a village stem The work done by the. Sunday cirirs was a against and should bless we the ion..; everlasting remarkable thing. The first money donated hills that.. preerve to us a peaceful'-bid-timfor the woman's.building was raised through the' Purof the fulfillment., the sales of Sunday eggs gathered by Emery village, itan's dream.'! A, in Boston Transcript. State, amount $13.13. Hie Relief Society work was a great work, beginning with 18 members, now an enrollment of 45,000. She asked the children to mnember her and RELIEF SOCIETY REPORTS. pray for her a ThcvProphet' Joseph loved VokTII SAX IT. IK STAKK. the prayers of thc.children ; related the story of the chilcjrcn;.'holdingprayef- - meeting for the Prophet when his life was in danger vuvi i:oniere ce lc .in snrmrr sZtcffir Trt1l1ir .Ai . TTwlr Citv Julv 7. 1012. Opening exercispq bpTd . t ( it. it'OC wa.vv-r( Vtnr ii nut in ill isiiiiiv. iti.t rtVMtl with the Sundnv .r'Tinnl nnpr,mtnvlonf; This first was her., visit in an birthplace. 1IIIV ilUV. Ill) James Vh'm. nresidincr. to see everything SincrW "Kind ornciar way;; and Heavenly Father." Praver bv Brother so lovely. She was, indeed - touched in reTohn F. Allred., Smcnnc:. rt When theorists calling incidents of her. younger days.- Her Have Cleared Awav." testimony in "Mormonism" Was strengthSacrahient administered. Primarv and ened by hearing the' speaking in tongues Kindergarten departments adiourned to when a girl ; felt the Lord had heard and their respective1 rooms. ' "Relief Societv answered the prayers offered in behalf of officers in charge': President Erickcn, pre- - the sisters ; felt very thankful for tlie assisticling. She felt'yerv grateful to our Heav- - ance received from the sisters of the wards eniy I'atner- tor tne Deautmu day. as so in gathering means for the different calls made of them. manv could be present: was venr- pleased to have Sisters Wells and Hvde of the gen Singing, "There Is Sunshine in My Sou I." Benediction, by Sister Liz.zie B. Allred. eral "board with us. Tiniites of previous Conference reconvened at 2 p. m annual conference read, also the financial President Erickseh presiding, Singing, and statistical report of the. past year was read. Koii called, snowincr IM visitiner "Utah, We Love Thee." Prayer by Bro. Rasmus Justensen. Singing, anthem by officers and members' present.. Sister Annie General Candland reported Hie Mt. "Pleasant north choir. Sacrament administered. ward: were united in their work; financial and Stake officers were then sustained. A well .prepared talk on the proper observance conditions good ; poor well taken care of. Carrie L. Ericksen reported Alt. Pleasant of. the Sabbath day was given by; bister south ward: Lots of poor in the ward, but Lewellyn of- Wales. Song by members of Reading, "Unawere taken care of. Had sold their wheat the Spring City ward. wares," by Cecelia Olsen. but would buv more in the fall. at Sister Jennie A. Hyde spoke Sarah Fowles reported the Fairvicw manufactures and Utah ward as doing well. All young mothers Ipnrrth on home nrndtits lirced the sisters to take the lead in the ward were enrolled in the societv : had in this matter, to patronize, home industries n cronA hand of teachers : financial condi- nrenared to assist finan- - for the sake ot our cnuuren an.u .ciniurcn tinnc rrnod "ordinances of ours ciallv wherever they could, in, caring for the children : spoke of life : i I . - 1 ce . m and-occupatio- -- ' i t I)lr;tnrcs 'mil iavihuess "f nature t poor,, ami assisting the bishop; had a lot of wheat m granary and it was well cared for; assisted the bishop in the .building' of the ; ; The wanderers of the prairie know them v. ell, and call that flower "the painted cup."Men come the dark red trihum and the Ss - t 1 fflfm-ino- r . - .omen had :i the Christian faith, with a inm-esof disposition that endear,,' ,: m mcir iammcs and lriends. The- hining marks for this most cruel' o, :..n. hut their memory is still tr! their eloquenLappcaK for iu-urcy have not failed to find a ph.v of the generations that hav-- ' !"wed them. The study of gcolocrv and i ' -ming very popular throt-h.- uit' x tinot Miialkr ciinty... .Many town vmcs nave organized clubs throu--and h :he influence of the famous Kcx institute ,hich has its headquarter at Salem ..mL. ..f the towns have exhibited litu collections wild flowers at the annual fairs of tin's unity, and Topsfield ought to nd of its abundance, for the liora of the village and vicinity .is- rich. The meadow from J early until spring midsummer, present a succession- of vivid colors from the multitude and variety of wild flower-;- . Before :i:e roadside grass is green, and while the buds are yet swelling on the rrces the c,u lips buttercups or .us. as they arc frequently called, stretch 'up their vigorous yellow bloom out of the watery hillocks, that ooze and 'sputter at flulightest weight. The painted cups then ' How, whose petals shade from green to the brightest red, forming a score or more f clustering cups, that draw the' water ti; rough their hollow stems and drop" it from the brim. Bryant sings in praise )f this dower, which is rarely found in New N'.'irlof fllfts. Tim (r,) Iden Tiu-.- W cany as lh3s exemplary liv'uV-- n uj orioles, swini'- i'vt. are seen daily defore our '.T'piaiate the most beautiful iiMtry-..iicshould take an rr.-.the city. Conu- with the !"!)!nIn no other way can ..: vr of William low,, 0f sistersd,,V:". if niicu i. v Ixehecca Nourse were - J Xlji: 1 . -- 11 , - T - i I I I V was--please- d - - - ; i - - , - - " . 