r;tA . ..... WOMAN'S EXPON EMIT. 77r 0v 41. o: ,,' 1 Ki-!i- . Society Conference Mother's Paradise I Tl XuU rlan tor c .Sii!ft'i-itiv- In Mint : iieumal Report . - Iietu-- About Women . . Km i; '.'."" n nunt Wmk. f . . " ' Fditnrial: .M le-'M- rj- 1! an i I given him a deep and lastinir n (t the evii iriiees o! In , liiiiiiu. in tiu- ln"- -' trying h,ur. when all jenu"d un- ceil am :,! unreliable, tlu- mother s careful teaching of the Savior and lis blessed . nave omiic with refreshing light a i:ini heaven. and n !aileu cnur:iv that nM penetrate hey..-the dark eluiids and li lit he- iet i ray., at leat. ...f .!i-im't- . . . 1'. . Society Reports:.. ." Liberty Stake Ogdcn Stake Snowilake Stake Uinta Stake ) : ; ncijo Make Malad Stake . uiiiiiu's' Jlrficf Sortrtif. ,! i Meinoriain Relief II a;n are the .simple of faith in and fli dealings with ivai !U'1 it (lie mother's knee; that have gone u itn tlH-out into the great, busv, active vorM . ... gin Saints' SALT LALi: CITY, UTAH, OCTOBER, 1912 CONTENTS. i ,,.,..,,"V . i ; m - 1 . 14 15 15 15 ........ ........ L:i-'in- . r JJeMilUjry Thoughts.-- Women Recognized The General Conference (ireat. Bodies Meet . I lu re can - No. 2. carriage and her knee badly injured: her parents being in good circumstances took her to several of the best physicians in that part of the State where it occurred; it was in Massachusetts, near the Connecticut nver. 1 ncc doctors tried their skill, but all failed to cure her and they decided she must be a cripple for life and compelled to walk with crutches. The Mormon Elders came to that vicinity, the parents of the young lady received and obeyed the Gospel. They were anxious their daughter should be baptized, believing firmly she would be healed. After some time, for she was a ver.y aristocratic girl and did not like to give up her' position in the world, she gave her consent to be baptized. It was a very cold day, the brook was frozen solid, a hole ua- - cut in the ice, and one after another went into the water, and by and by, the lame girl with her crutches came down to the water's edge. The Elders baptized her, he walked out of the water, whole, and never had occasion to use her crutches after. The fact of her being healed created quite a' sensation, especially among the doctors who came froin far and near to inquire byv .what means it had been done. But none could gainsay it. This is only one of. thousands of manifestations of the power of healing. The children in Zion should seek after mighty faith, for there are great works to he accomplished by them. They have been born in the holy priesthood and are heirs to all the, promises of the new and everlasting covenant, and God is ready and willing to pour out rich blessings upon them if they-wil- l seek unto Him and keep His holy commandments ; and let us all remember, with- ut .faith it is impossible to please God. ; ; ! j ton mnch said iion important nhject. It is a topic tor 13 ..i' cuiiveiatiou Ue never need tire, Notice 13 - m n:n, !i there hr learned of its annli13 Correspondence ' i a C.'lt.li 'II t' ive- aii'l enndition.N Iiere try; Ujon Sonnet KiiiuhIhu- P. Y!1 t e ( a. t 9 lie M)tnicti','n givin nun The Rose . ..1)..mi5 Watt 9 I'aith ljv 1 and ( nve- Joclnne '! His landican . 14 ,1 '1 nant ld Mothers ..... cau fully studied h- our .'. 10 and Ik- exercise "t faith j.e";v; e a part of spiritual e.htcation: SONNET. and nlotht rs whwni tv feel' they are well acHere comes October with its gorgeoa ilovcr, quainted with' this subject, would he amply And Nature's voices a glad anthem ringing. those interesting repaid in The echoes clear, thro' hill and valley ringing, chapters upon Faith alluded to above. It Killing with joy the Autumn's happy hours, is true that our sisters have had And eauty blossoms in the fairct bowers. many and :'" The pretty maidens in their silken gowns of the illustrations princi-)le- s great, practical Of green, and yellow, and of russet browns of faith in their past experiences in this Are dancing where the bright leaves fall in .Church; and it is very edifying to hear re. showers; hearsed .sotne of these striking instances Fairies with dainty feet in colors bright, J lie f the sweetest, fondest memories .bringing sublimity ol faith, given to the Of festivals we've held on jife's highways, : Saints when passing through deep trials rim live and burn within our souls tonight; and erious afflictions. J low much darker Remembrances around our and drearier and more desolate 'dill, would clinging, the wearisome days of travel and pilgrim-inag- e Recalling purest joys of glad birtlulavs. Emmeline D. Wells. have been, through which our people Ooi..,t.r, 1904. have passed, if they had not been rich in that holy faith which lifts the human sou) THE ROSE. above the clouds into the clearer atmosphere Aunt Em. She wears a rose within her hair, of a higher altitude. Whose fragrance fdls me with despair. Strength, courage and heroism are some Why should a flower of sweet perfume QUINQUENNIAL REPORT. of the excellent fruits of this beautiful plant Recall old memories of this room, Of General Secretary of Relief Society. And one who, long ago, did wear of spiritual origin. It is sometimes urged A rose entwined indier fair hair. deBrief review of the work of the National tint "faith is not tangible," and-tho!t may be, as I breathe a prayer Woman's Relief Society froui October, void of this quality often, remark "we wTant ()f blessing on that head so fair. A saintly form of something more tangible than faith!" 1007, to October, 1912. angelic light Heholds.me as. I sit toqight Some of the most powerful elements oper During the past five years the great work ''reaming. of the faded years, ating in nature arc not tangible, except as of the Relief VSocietv has been"vProihpr"for- ntil mine eyes are filled with tears, applied to tangible substances, and vet how w ard with .energy and earnestness, through longing for her at evening's close "wonderful are their forces when thus the w illing and untiring efforts of the Gen'id the perfume of the withered rose. Dolores Watt: brought to bear upon other objects. Just eral, Stake, and Local officers and the members themselves. Many events of imporso with faith in itself intangible, yet most tance have taken place and many changes potent when applied to truths," to circumFAITH. . ... I'aith is one of the vital elements essential stances and to the lives of individuals. Faith have been made. is It with feelings of pride that we record manifesta.to the character of a Saint of God. The cul- cannot be measured. The great the .''establishment of Jlelief Society headtivation of faith is a duty of our daily lives, tions Of the power of faith in healing, the quarters m the Bishop's Building, in Decemsick are marvel's and wonders to the unbett'hich should not be . It underlies neglected. ber, 1909,' and for the first time in its history whose minds; lacking this attribute, all t;.? teaches. lieving, the, which truths great gospel rooms for The . has Without this principle we are blind, and cannot comprehend mysteries of the unseen the GencradSociety. ' transaction of its business. which can only be understood by the spircallous to all tliat will ennoble", exalt and Since the acquirement of these headquar: . itual sense. PUritV our hearts, our lives and our aspiratseveral notable birthday ion s Especially is ; it necessary that the I am sure there are many instances of ters there have been was a : mother be endowed with the precious gifts the power of faith in the healing of the sick, celebrations On May 3, 1910, party told .to our childrerf, given by the General Board in honor of the and .quality of faith ; that she should possess that have never been of Presi-- , eighty-eight- h faith of anniversary birthday the growth would in that her soul, promote faith pure spring of living ident Bathsheba WV Smith, in appreciation that she were' they known. I will relate, a yery remay impart the germ' to her of her- life long labors, both in the .Temple witand seek to promote its culture and markable oneto which I was an eye in theleiief Society. The late Presiness many years ago. A young lady about and growth in all her teachings- - to the infant thrown from a dent- John Henry Smith acted as master of n.ind eighteen years of age was ? 12 !k- - tlii i- r i - i ... I t ,1 If 1 ; - 1 sli(.-nl- tli-i- - -- r . I -- -- heart-string- s se ; : . off-sPrin- g, - - . - 