1 mum table to eat' on. These re at a distance from our quarters. I v.i.iild cw)k the food," and Mr. Pratt and nil v n inn?" their own inonument, not onlv in our hearts but in tangible. resufeof . his son, would take it to rheni. We iild niake camf) in a shady place'near the We would stay there till alnnit two k.of road was made, then move" eamj) ,, make another mije.or two. ;uid so on through Parley's Park to the Weber River. :re the road was completed, which was ,.'mc time in November. WhenVe reached iln- head of the canyon coming home, I said. uw let mc get out and walk over the bad places." He said, "Xo, I want to he. able to ay that a woman and baby came down i:i safety." (I forgot to say I had a babe .t ear and a half old.) "I promise voti no nil shall happen to either of you.'" I did lie wished, and he drove the two yoke cattle with large wagons attached, to. tilt month of the canyon and home in per- s.itety. saw no wild Inrasts while there, but ;un heard the wolves howl at night, and w'ldd see their tracks. One day when men were busy chopping down trees about a mile above the camp, a large griz-A- ? lear came down the side of the canyon towards the choppers. Each man grabbed his axe, and climbed the nearest tree in a lively manner. 'Mr. Pniin sniffed leisurely round, looked at the men. then walked' up the other side over the top. and was seen Man llu- lih- - It .( wvc . happier, - Kiinw lor'lur', my friends. cut know;, lH-- t !.. cut the thread i(.in Oi Iiir. from tln earth: t it irec from burdens bore, hat it iniyht to higher birth. g i i - .t hare. Heboid the handmaid of the Lord! Could grander name in life be given? We honor ii Vitli sweet accord, Tis fit for noble quests of heaven. I - keep ourselves a just, an always. Uy spying My heart is fixed, in God I trust. So let u- - a--- -be Mi- - handmaid If one deliberate ever-sing- no more. wih expressed. 1 V. C. McCune. RELIEF SOCIETY REPORTS. er, I.H'.FKTV MKKTIXG. STAKK . At the Libert v Stake RcliefSociety meet- house ing held in the Ninth Ward meeting . Alusser on IYh 2hh. 'resident .nnie presiding, a delightful afternoon was spent in listening to sketches of the lives of Presi dent Kmmeliuc P.. Wells and Hha R. Snow. ti tnn.T u;is nven bv Mstei aran Swift, and hymns that. Sister Wells had Carcomposed were read by Sister I'liima ter" Sister Ida P. Spiers gave a sketch ,,f the life of Sister Snow followed by Counselor Zurviah G. Eardley who recited Sister ;i noem composed bv Sister Snow. All the. j !v F'ather." ir,. Tnn, vnivr ( Sisters Wells hymns sung were composed by and Snow. Lizik loi;i:iNS. Sec, . - never die. She cast upon the waters daily, bread, Shared her blessings freely everywhere; They now are multiplied upon her bead, Internal blessings now she'll ever share. etc. Presi- - of-God- . es child-cultur- his praise. Think you that she would want to come From that far brighter happier sphere? Xo! call her not to earth again, She'- - appier there than here. OF . ing adjourned 'till' 2 p. m. he time of the afternoon meeting was given over to the Relief Society, after the administration of the Sacrament by the ward authorities. The presidency of the stake, and iflany prominent men were present. Eifst Counselor Selena Phillins ore- sided. The Academy band, led by Prof. Claydon. discoursed several beautiful selections. Prof. V.. M. W. Jones assisted with the singing, and Mrs. FVed. Jacobson rendered a sacred solo. In her ojening remarks. President E. W. Lay ton welcomed all the sisters, urged that we be faithful in and to the Priesthood Touched upon the subject of tithing, keeping holv the Sabbath day, and exhorted all to faithfulness and diligence. A lesson talk on disease germs and the prevention of diseases was given in n interesting manner by Sister Henrietta Nash. Sister Ransome lore a faithful testimony, and gave words', of love and encouragement. Sister Alice K. Peelc, president of the Lay ton. Ward Relief Society, who is soon to make her home in a different stake, said how much the sisters had become endeared to her heart ; that she loved to work with them for they were a noble band, and no matter where her lot was cast, she would always look back with pleasure on her work in the Relief Society in this part of the Lord's vineyard. She bore her testimony. Second. Counselor Frances Wr. Kimball gave an eulogistic talk on the life of our leIoved ''Aunt Em," which was followed by one of her beautiful poems, read with much feeling by Sister Ella Birdno. President Nash quoted, "He ye perfect, even as our Father is heaven is perfect." and made a splendid and encouraging talk relative to the duties of the sisters of the Relief So ciety. He also emphasized., what had been said in regard to sanitation, showing in many instances where knowledge of the causes of disease was to have power over them. Invoked heaven's blessings upon the Relief Society organizations. Conference was adjourned for six months. The benediction was pronounced by President Charles AT. Lay ton.' our-dttti- brom any one. of u- - tonight. Could call her back again to earth From where her spirit winged its Might, . l.-- iuj -- Hear Mary lives with loved ones still, Iler work up there in higher grade. Promotion means new hearts to fill With love and truth that ne'er shall fade. . t I - 1'tit kindrid gr ctings still they w in - ptiie -- wnt i.tce is "smiling still. Her .u rful inlluencc still lives there, lnM' hand- - an- itTt hehl by death's chill, I iiKiirivl I r tm-re- l llu- t From her life we may learn the lessons "i" truth and virtue. Life's stream is fed by ST. lOSKI'H STAKK. any tributaries; but from the earliest her life, only those whiclr emanated conference of the t'""oin The pure sounds had entrance. To those of' the St Tose.ph Stake con ho merely enter life's stream, does not beMarch the honor of victory, but to those who vened at the a 10th. 1912. The morning session was oi contend against its currents and win, rharactcr. relating to our: statis all honor, all joy, all victory.! This was thethe portion of bur sister, 'Mary Freeze. ; $o tical and financial affairs; Reports from life's different wards showed an increase oi ".'.ccessftilly did.she contend that all of and interest since the New Year virtues finally gained entrance wuthin her, from the Primer of nning aieilowship, in which one'kepflhe Qon'itntion are welcomed among the dif- difA thers complete continually pulsating. j obliterated Lr,nf societies and a great deal ot enthufusion, of truth resulted.-whicwere taken air dark channels Trom her characteriiak-nig.Jie- r siasm exhibited. Other subjects ' i The storing of grain viz. and discucd. Thus conservative disciple. Tniths a steel ele- her life was replete in good works, that and the idvisabilitv of building lessons and now to gei, niust she has left us ; they built vat or the different pe-riod- ; dent Lliabeth W. I.avton proided at this meeting. A immlk-- of tlu- brethren were present and ave valuable assistance. Kimball -- ae a Miort talk, also Sister Man Rannm- of the I nion Stake. After benediction bv llishop Tyler, meet- hrrs that upward tends, naught ,,i ilcatli it hurries m, hk- - 1 , pleasing-presence- should have, not 'ulv at home for good. hut .abroad a- - ue!l temple 'w nrk and. the IHVCsMt v of teaching our sns and daujih- ters that- it is tf egin life aright bv iK-m- (lu re than we oft-changin- I -- low-memb- ii. iH-,- Sim . Who departed this 'life Januarv 21st. I'M .Vat Salt Lake City. Ham" In the death of our beloved friend and fel we. the members of the 'I tali Woman's Press Club, feel to express :ir sincere sympathy to the family of Sister breeze, in the loss they have sustained. To the Utah Woman's Press Club she Her was a source of joy and pleasure. chair, now vacant, will bring sorrow to us, reminding us that she will be with us no more with her sweet smile and Yet we know the Divine Father called her to adorn a holier .place in His ' ternal presence, and we bow to that de- ree, but the memory of Mary Freeze shall , the beM results from their study; the dutv of mothers: the' influence our organizations - We ! IN LOVING REMEMBRANCE MARY A. FREEZE. tol-lo- I , fe.-- - 4 v , I labors ner jamuy the course, she set, and may the members of. the" I'talj W oman s ress ( lub live as truly. -- M'Iey. i her" 'of Re-QnnVt- irs' Josephine C. Kimball, Secretary. semi-annu- al -. ig Layton-hieeting-hous- e, bc-!-- "g - -- h -- live-thoug- h IMPROVE HELL'S GATE. MISS MARY JOHNSTON COMMENTS HUMOR OUSLY ON TERTULLIAN'S DESCRIPTION OF WOMAN AS "THE GATE OF HELL." Under the enigmatic title, "Wanted, An Architect," Ahss Mary Johnston s name wa on the program to give an address at the re-,cent National Suffrage Convention in Louis- ville, Kv. It was awaited with great in m terest.. .ne spowe as ioikws. e, 