' WOMAN'S . from God, and arc thus miraculously comr EXP6N;-to.- ,7 have more than half of the religious organjmmicatcd to man, who has only to hear, un- -. isations in the country. There has been diTNtawl and obey. On the otlier hand an increase in the number of denominations many inquirers seek the 6rigin of religion but many, of these are newly created ami inu iiiiin man himself, and it claimed that significant. The which certain process jt' not .necessary that those who do so denominations have united byand others have the truth of all should . i deny religions, or meet belief in an almighty and infinite God. The religious matters of the United States have certainly adopted the elective system. According to figures recently issued by the chilis bureau, which has completed a re- census, there are a hundred and eighty-si- x religious denominations in the I'nited States. f however, a man cannot find a satisfactory denomination, he can make his choice among 1,079 independent churches. Tlu- census bureau reports that the churches aiv growing faster than the population. The religious census before this was made in 1K90. Between that date and the close o( 1906, which is the last year included in the latest report, the increase of the population of continental United-Statewas 33.8 per cent. During that same period, in the number of communicant church members there was an increase of 60.4 per cent in the value of church edifices an increase of 35.3 per cent, and in the vajue of church property an increase of 85.1 per cent. In every particular, except in tlic number ot cliilrch organizations, the rate of increase in religious bodies has exceeded the rate of- increase in the population at large. Of the total population in 1890 the reported church membership represented 39.1 per cent. The greater part of this increase has been by the Roman Catholic church. In sixteen years its population nearly doubled. Jts percen- tage of increase was J6.o per cent, notwithstanding the Protestant .bodies increased at a much lower rate, they have grown more rapidly than the population. Their percentage of increase has been 44.8 per cent. To put it in another way, of the 6.4 per cent gain in church membership in propor tion to the population, 4.4 per cent is Roman Catholic. 1.8 per cent is Protestant. Among the Protestant denominations the Disciples ( including the Church of Christ) made a ligious I , - la-- t- s ; closely after, with a: gain pf .66.7 per cent. The Adventists and Baptists are more than half again as numerous as they were in 1890. Rcmarkable percentages of increase are also set down to the Eastern Orthodox churches, Independent churches and Christian Scientists. One. of the most striking re- figures in the whole report is that which cords the increase in the number of Jewish organizations, largely due to immigration. In the membership of the Roman Catholic church are counted all baptized persons, in- cludine infants, and also adults who never attend church. On the other hand, in Prot- estant denominations, only those are included who are voluntarily enrolled. For this reason the census bureau lias made an allowance of 15 per cent in the Roman Catholic figures for purposes of comparison. and territories, Out of the in one the Mormons are in the majority, in sixteen the Roman Catholics and in twenty-nin- e the' Protestants. Of the Protestant bodies the Methodists are the mOSt numerforty-nine-stat- ous. es " : '' The Methodists and Baptists together joined in movements, is of far than merely nominal increase in the number of religious. Iwdies.. There is much for the church to do in this country which it has ignored and" neglected. There are many signs that other organizations are wresting from the church some of its leadership.; nevertheless, if these figures mean anything, they indicate that the church is, materially at least, in a healthy state of growth. The most among us cannot the outcome of the remarkable predict change which the vast stream of immigration, so long continued, is fast effecting in the Republic. History records no such population movement in previous ages, nor is there any precedent for the assimilation of races, now apparently in progress. Assimilation is, however, in reality the mightiest problem before the American people today, and light upon it, even the feeblest ray's, would be most welcome. In the changes of attitude of the American eopIe towards religious beliefs which have occurred since the previous inquiry, is to be found one of the first signs of the new composite of race, now in process of creation in the United States. From Dr.. Carroll's estimate of the present strength of the various denomina- tional families of the coWtry and their growth, it is very evident that. Christianity, while it may be losing its grip on part of the constituency, is still in possession of meal culable power and influence, as some of the following denominations will prove : Adventists, 6 bodies; Baptists, 14 bodies; Brethren (River), 3 bodies: Brethren (Plymouth), 4 bodies; Buddhists Chinese) Buddhists and Shintoists (Japanese) Cathco-operat- ive e greater-significanc- far-sight- ; Catholic Apostolic Christian Connection ; ; ; Chris-tadelphian- s; Chris- - tian Catholic (Dowie) Christian Scientists; Christian Union; Church of God, (Wine- brennarian) Church of the New Jerusa, ; ; Friends (Quakers), 2 bodies :Fricnds.of the Temple (German) ; Evangelical Protestant (German); Evangelical Synod (Jews) 2bodies ; The Church of Jesus Christ of Laty Saints; Lutherans (23 bodies') Swedish Evangelical; Mission Covenant; (12 bodies) ; Methodists (7 bodies); Moravians ; Presbyterians (2 bodies) Reformed (3 bodies) ; Salvation Armv; Schwenkfildians ; Social Brethren; Society for Ethical Culture; Spiritualists; Theosophical Sqciety; United BrethrenInde-(2bodies); Unitarians; Universahsts oendent Congregations. Tliese are some of the sects that prevail A Mtfrmnf tn pvnlnin in America iuuay, mu iu tin.wi be the religious tenets of each faith would and a herculean task for anyone to attempt, the I by ."stating that of all in existence religious denominations now such attenamong men; none have attracted tion from the others as the organization known as "The Church.' of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints," the members of ..which called are popularly, though erroneously, "Mormons" because of their belief in the divine authenticity of the book ot Mormon, ; tcr-da- Menn-onite- s ; ; a will-conclude W ! against." CORRESPONDENCE. Si'okam '. ed ; olics, 9 bodies . aMecord of the ancient inhabitajjf.sfAmerica. In every nation when; the fame of this Church lias pread,md where its elders have appeared to teach their faith. feature which stand-- pre eminent' fs the bitterness with wliich they are opposed, without even the. opportunity of beingjieard, principally by protested 'believer in rim'stian-ity- . With this prominent fact before us it is beyond dispute that to tin's organization, above all others in this generation, nitist be applied the saying, "Tor as concerning this sect,, w know that everywhere it is cp"ken i IWsfi. M.w-LM- I'M J. . H. Wells, Dkar Sisti:r: At la I can' report our Relief Society organized here in the Spokane Branch.. The meetings are all well attended. Sisters are interested and doing a grand work. January 4. 1912 when lir-- t organized. Sister Eliza Preston w as president. I 'our meetings were held and she moved to Idaho. There was so much sickness in the branch things progressed slowly. Kate Murray, .was March 31, 1912. sustained as president in Sister Preston's Si-t- er place. We art? fortunate in having a woman with her experience in our midst to lead in this work. She is the only one in our organization that has ever attended Relief Society meeting. Her home was in Hrigham City. While there, she took an active part in Relief Society, so is of great value to us here, f I am pleased to say that since she has been president, a "great work has Ien accomplished. Two weeks ago the sisters all went to the Orphans' Home and served for the homeless children. At our regular sewing meetings we have made one quilt and have blocks for another almost ready to put together. A better band of workers would be hard to find than those here. They are all ready and willingo do whatever they can to help the work along. We have fifteen names on our roll. Please find a check inclosed for the dime fund. Names of officers of the organization as it stands today and sustained March 3, 1912: Sister Kate Murray. President. Sister Pauline Van Cleave, First Counselor. Sister Ethel Clark, Second Counselor. Sister Ada Ileadlec, Secretary. Sister Thyra Nelson. Treasurer. Sister. Victoria Egbert, Class Leader. .Sister Anna Wilson, Class Leader. We have fifteen enrolled and an average attendance of twelve at our meetings. Sister Wells, we are anxious to keep in touch with the General Board, so if you have any suggestions, books, or papers that would help out in this work, please send them to us. We are anxious to be a credit and feel we need all the support you, can give us until a little older in the work. Received a letter from mother and she the house, and said you had been over-tI should like to have spent the afternoon. ' been there myself. I am enjoying my work. Have been awav from home, .nineteen months. . Will be released to come home in October. Eleven months I labored in Portland, and the rest of the time here. , -- we-'ge- t o y ' - ( 