21 . OUR MORE STATES FOR SUFFKAGI; to interest the Younger members with a game or a story. 'e H f ton happens that the youngest mem-be- r ': Kansas, tcs, Michigan, Oreg,,n ot the Tnniiivdemarids so much atten- ia, each voting fur ujua! sum-.tiun that the older children would. In ve no ct that Michigan has come tune t.i; their own recreation if they yielded miu ;V r is very gratifying, for it , to lint judgment 'must be " the "middle and eastern states wh usi-bMhe parents, lest the little ones 1h Mainly have good effect. Tin. . . C"ine too vi lfivjj ,,r ill fii. , ' is rapidly falling in linv, an',! an In a well "ovemed home, each membef d t" eer ,,. server will see that thoe m ,i. s 'labiidi anv "j the .family, even dnwn to the youngest, ;ial suffrage obtains are the must tieTthat the h'me circle is com..;it. e must rapid 'progress in edncnti-.Y:i'' !':cll be without her. plete ' lines. The earned and To each 'I'M. !kutii loy and' girl should le assigned rk of. the women is making and .. end, 'me task, duty and responsibility out of T;Idi-iimatters' pertaining to the upliit and ,. the many required the household in ;i ie tinnent of humanity. It is 0-- that to machinery ijood running order. el he a' :ni 'tiler. must made to feel the importance wnien give intelligent ih. .nylu and V:d-V hey . ..... l.W .. .hi n: tlier re- ot their part and t know if thev neglect it economies aim are enieav r:n t i"s:''v. watchful care. troubU and disappointment will follow. tinvugh public sentiment those ru'-ith.,t - devot;. in t her I''!'::;he training which comes from will bring the greatest benefit t.. tiie doing -n Li one wen and or ''. two ncr, ;a and without fail each the comiminweaith. t:ie school, things in-cinldren this coin- - day will siM.ji make a boy Or girl one to be The National Suffrage Ac;atn ;i a- - tile Cill.dlen row trusted and the 1mvs and girls, who can be their exultation over the recr priced ii'ii tnat true t'M--y des trusted, will make men and women who with a mammoth strert parade ., rtiier nt. that tlu-are wanted everywhere because they can . tiie famous New York street. Fifth Ave- cuerlnl (undience. and be depended upon. mi"..' 1 here were nan twenty thousand A i' ir i.t! r 'l the hi nj Many a mother grows old, faded and in the parade carrying torches, banner-- , a:. '' ''e than v 'inN al 'lie. teeblejong before her time, because her The procession was thus doerihed b i ervice is f"mid in the boys "and girls "are not thoughtfully considPress: t" all the needs of her erate and helpful. When they old Twenty thousand cheering an-l.nv t: 'es her duties would enough to 1e of service in a household , , . .. ':nen and men celebrated 'with a brilliant h ' eeai mother has become .so used to doing all .i.;'i ,j j,.uj J,, t er parade in this city tonight the recent addiran-i"r hut all un-herself, to taking upon her shoulders all the tion of four stars to the woman suffrage the nn ttiu rdeive. care, that she forgets to lay off the burden The flag. iner !'v!nu service n"'l'ws a little In little on thosC w ho are 'so w ell able Fdifth cindd t Avenue i a " :d i'e treani Through flaring to bear it. It is partly her own Tault, to be .nevkT too old vermilion lights shone for mik. it- - cure t' ia ci A" te ier .can l iiere iVoiie dan- sure, but a fault committed out of love and for si:i'k'd by "votes He women" iiei". tii ,a:t )nn her child mistaken kindness fof her children. apt all parts of the country. Fach .f tJu e r.t. n an extent thai he wi'l think mother's Lillian II. Anderson. ID '"suffrage states" was utv to serve lum. represented by W'e.have all een childrui hardi and cruel vo'inen leaders in the equal suffrage m've-l- i t the n;"st cnt there. "'Ohio, the 'eleventh" reaTi a niothe'rv CORRESPONDENCE. e It a strau-fact that I.'ving service transparency at the head-- of one 'i the divisions. AN IMKRKS1IXO KKTTKR FROM OCR ."(.s n"t always c''n,;nand respect and love OIFTKD W hen the parade was over, women in return, in order to trulv love, cinldren (ONTRIIHTOR "JI'OPE" A NOW i! "i:nted MEXICAN REFUGEE. platforms and soap boxes in L nion must serve a- - well a be erved. hy do we. sometimes see a husband and squ.are and. for several hours made speecltes f"r "the cause." Thousands of pers.ns wife unhappy together ? One great reason Mrs. li. H. U'clls. n Mv Dear Friend: I have thought of v Lii.u onn cro wded about to listen. Several hundred oi;e oi uie iwo serves and the you and the days of Far West and Nauvoo th".;sand others had lined F'ifth Avenue to other one receives. In order th.at bth husband and w ife love, watch the marchers. many times since that 31st of July, 1912, when we breathed , 'ur floats and a half dozen gold chariots they must both serve and sacrifice their initatr.red the parade. Each float and chariot clinations and desires for the sake of each a silent farewell to our dear mountain home; and our little, train of wagons and other. represented' one of the 10 suffrage states, Semetimes it is necessary for a 'w ife to with our small store of clothes and bedding including1 Kansas, Michigan, Arizona, started for the railway-Stati- on, sacrifice something she has planned for a an Orep-oseventeen to vote was whrrp the nVht O miles The away. rising sun was just shinixan- long time, sometimes a recreation, or a habit, gi;Mi to women in the last election the but if she does so willingly ing through pines as I climbed into our sa ifor liberty" read a transparency. "Mich-fo- r or a pleasure and-iwagon, the last one to start. I dared not "Oregon forjree- - she does hot lose her own pleasure1; look 'back on .the dear old home, the trees .," and "Arizona for justice" were other return the Husband will be willing to make and flowers we had loved andtended, the ' a sacrifice. of. Ins. pleasure for the wife's texts. ' fattened animals in seeming wonder why score of women trumpeters braving the comfort. chLove begets love. The love in .bur hearts they were not cared for and what the wuuu iuuv.wore mgnt air, sweeping ins id of furs and sounded. must he kept warm by loving service and strange thing meant, with our dear Ben's long coats aiKi last kiss and ."God be with you till, we meet the Train's of the inarch from ' Aida," led sacrifice, or it dies. . It is difficult to come to any decision in: again." Oh, the hardest part was leaving the long line. the surtrag-istsof few a Only should our men and boys behind. God alone and the very elderly among them, rode in regard to what extent self sacrifice those who passed through that day can be practiced between older and younger carriages. Nearly every nationality, not know, and the terrible anxiety of the days .. children. was China, represented. aiid months that lie between that time and I alwavs feel sorry for an only child in ch marclier carried at cane'sdength a this. . There Js an incomplete developa- .family.' ver ;lion lantern. In their light a thousand Bro. siscame to Harris me in the after ment w here a child has no brothers or flag fluttered.- "Votes for women' each ter no one to share "his play, no one's noon, of Tuesday and the next morning rea in black letters. Hundreds of banners to consider but his ..own, and no by seven o clock, our town was left emptv bori other pleasure inscriptions. and desolate, with, only a few friendly Mexself sacrifice to be practiced.' tor chance my before leaving voted an hour whom we left in tears and with many How pleasant a spirit we find in the home icans, sat. M announced a banner carried by Dr. of sorrow and regret, I find ' where the order children are willing to lay expressions ai i Parker, of Seattle.' a doll, or an interesting tRat even the remembrance of that day is a aside the plaything, Ti e young Women who represented to relieve the tired mother of too much for me. So I will not dwell order in storv : ?tat s on the were "victory float" for a little while, or long upon it; I hope that, notes of this her ' of baby care the Michigan, enator 'Squire :. . .The last elecnoh brought great i. o: ranks of the suffrage rkj' ' ' . ' . every-demand- . ; ; m' 1 nt sii-.'iii- ; . -- e-n- . to-kee- j p i I -- 1 1 i- -- v -- r 1 - iv.-- i - i le-v- e . l -- K-com- i e : . ;:K-M- k. ; m pA-.ta- -- i I 4 -- . . . lox-iuL1- - i , i ever-to-be-remembe- I n : n," ex-cepd- ng - -- - : A::zona, Miss Clark Pope; 