 - ;w. n-'..- " ,v-- v' v.jwrtv Latter-da- y,- ..... ...... ,..V -- V- , Saints in siich av;iy ;h to render y , ', ... . v. ... . " -- .r.?4t 2!) Miss Man M. Ihrteleme, for eighteen Jounced over crinoline, a costume them equal to withstand temptation, vc'-- :n some old lady's magazine, but almost years public guardian ipk coutrty.dll., vil and pursue- - an even and industrious " o ;id the of w thi as memory generation, with inaugurated, Dec. 12, as Chicago's first iure in their line of work; Among th hn.l laces ,,! the sajne perio.!. he Aom;ui judge. Miss. P.arteleme was the lrave certainly proven all these tiling a to the extrenc the mtir-M- i chiiee of the judge of the circuit court. en;...,Nj our glorious songstress, F.n;ua i.uo me oj n. ! i!Cs a:;d lau-hhe will assist Judge I'inckney hi the juveheartih at the who, appla'.w-an.ales, notwithstanding s,oht (,i .J:,. ljlu.rv ,.,n:ut. ;ni,f j,al, ) w nile court and will direct most of her alien7 the of. returns ihv;imm:i-"illpublic, flattery t it'll .it M titet! a f,; tint and mterestn to girls wu, come under the court's to Tier old home and people the u tnie and. i: tii a!vai:.'ed in ear ve ined uris.liction. guileless girl, without vanit. withou uii'.le ena-ni- :n the minuet V Miceit, a tireless worker in her .md quadi die oi ::ie:.r ...;tli. art. giviu Holland has just had its hr.M suffrage " iive stkii f her talents and accomplishment, for the ' 'Ue s rn-He.lsiu e e he Anisterdani Woman ovesion. a deiihtin itself atid this iashio!K-,l iov and delight of her friends. Miss iatcs" Association lot it president, a piois another beau ji.cty g ii. tMul pai;e m this last time wa- - followed h em. .ry's In. ok l"r botli neer worker in the cause and much beloved. s and Mrs. Thcod'ra Haver. She was given such a long, severe illnes which, of course. u;h a funeral as no woman in Holland ever had a cause of alarm to her friend- - and fa;nilv lei ore. The many eual rights societies and deprived her of the great en u.ent NOTES ABOUT WOMEN. and delegates ; the bier n ut banuer-beare- r he had anticipated in her home-miug. t uI or e first w e m Insti ir a .rad' wa's covered with the white and yellow Xow, howevpr, she has entirely recv.ered has n lected State Senator. She Ik, tlag. and followed hv a multitude of and after giving three concerts in her native is Mr.. Helen liu- - lvo!)in-o- n Then came the relatives. of iVnver. i, floral tributes. tate will once more resume her work k review i r .f t'ne A' tikx Mountain A'.t.'c ho, and after them hundreds of suffragists from .n her abroad. It is with great at fnends note that her 'beautiful voice has not She will take h r- sCat w hen the ieneral all' parts uf the country. Preceded by a band playing P.ecthovrn' and Chopin's ;? in Januarv. been impaired through her long illness. May A considerable number t tuneral marches, the procession wended its. women have die meet with more and greater success than in the . w er sat 'Use at different times. way through the street v of Amsterdam to ever in her chosen field of work, realizing w the railroad station, whence the bodv was nut a mau enator is. an innovation pleasure while giving pleasure to others. een in (,'o'or '. with it t went vears ot taken to Piemen for cremation. I he funeral is reported to have made a great equal su raL'e. A friend remarked the other dav. "I don't In private life. Mrs. Kohinsoji is the wife know which I enjoy most, listening to the "! a e:ivcr i;tv. er. She took a leading of Romania Hyde or looking at Miss Mabel Poardman. secretarv of the campaign made a few "put in the mhyi'-i- uI her, she is such a beautiful picture." and years American- Red Cross, today received from t keep henver's eornit water another one said. "There' one little girl l company irvu the W hite House the insignia of the fifth a twenty-yea- r in her venture think every one ought to help rder of l rown, conferred upon her by oj its francin'se. and is a woman slie ha to go abroad to study, for certainly Iven before she takes the Japanese emperor for distinguished serhighl .ivspect'd. accommothe most herself I willing, vice. her sVat in the "pper House a movement proven I know." Such remarks little artist So far as officials here know today it is has. been launched to make her nresident dating as these show something of the way Miss the first, time an American woman has tcvu of the Senate, and she stands a Romania has unconsciously won the hearts fair chance, as the Democrats are in the been so honored by Japan. Thu order conframers the for of the and admiration ferred ujMHi Miss Poardman was sjeciallv Mrs. kohin.in was elected on the public. not are of the quoted, sentences personally Democratic ticket. In fact, so popular is established let recognize meritorious service done bv women. she that die ran far ahead of the ticket. acquainted with her. the of first I the The insignia was sent to President Taft, Miss hale expects to leave hilv " le other woman in the luited e States has ever beeir chosen State Senator. president of the American Red Crns-s- . by ear. in company with Miss iatc, tor Mrs.. Martha lushes c annon was elected where she will, continue to pursue.-heMarquis Matsukati, head of the Jaj)anese herRed Cros. President Taft has written to to the Ttah Senate some vears ago. and did musical studies. She has already proven the marquis and to the Japanese emperor, self an artist and her friends expect that good service there. Kxchauge. when next they hear her beautiful playing thanking them for the honor paid Miss ' i t be debated in more Poardman. Woman suffrage of the violin," she will be a recognized than one hundred high schools throughout virtuoso. That both these gifted girls will have Xorth Carolina in the coming year, as the ONE CHRISTMAS .VE. the most their of realize result plans adopted recently by. every desired success and An old brown farm house standing upon and Teachers' wish TJie women Assembly. prayer State ardent expectations is the teachers aKo adopted resolutions demanding a hilly slope, near a hemlock grove where of all their numerous friends. one of those low murmuring pebbly brooks that women be appointed to positions on rippled along, its undertone, harmonizing school hoards, and on textbook committees. PARTY. AN perfectly with the sighing and .shivering of 79th in her done Dett So the great pines in the background of the Duniway. "Abigail On one of the cokb frosty nights in cember thesuniptuous home of Mrs. A. W. year." pretty picture. Look, there i a crowd of Governor )svald of the name 1'elow children coining in from a ramble laden McCune-wathe scene of a most delightful that makes with evergreens, hei&lock boughs, trailing old time party. While without'the air was West ujvon the proclamation fthe vines and bright red winter berries.-- - How brisk and cold, within everything was bright equal suffrage effective in Oregon.. of Mrs. Duniway, written merry they are, chatting gaily; and their and merry, as old friends met in pleasant counter-signatur- e final word hostess-"Gom- e laughter ringing out in the vlcar.Trosty .air. hy her on 'Xt weilibcr 30, was her greeting. 'The. message from- the has been carried on by A light snow is falling .which makes the dress," was readily in a camjiaign that' in scene even more attractive What a picher indomitably for more than 14 years. responded to, and the result was a scene "There," she said, as 'she laid down the ture for an artist these little' folks would of different eras, as passing from 'rooin-fand the 'Governor bent over her shoul- .make!. The long vines they have pulled room, one greeted first a colonial dame with pen upon the signature. from under the thick carpet ot fallen leaves, der to place" powdered hair and flowered silks, then perthat had covered and kept them fresh until flounces and "It's a fact at last." with belle filmy a southern haps the winter holidays, wheiMhere are no. flow- -' The Portland Oregonian says : a bride of noted jewels rare; "The 'nroclamation was written by Mrs. ers in the gardens, outside, are wound satin of rown 'fnrtv in a ivory rears snuip Governor West's sug- - around them, giving them tin1 appearance herself at Duniwav lavender ' such a mixture of old lacenu s. , the exception of his si"- - of and with some from roses gestion. "scent of hack the familiar with Secare children of These village bringing .nature and the attesting signature old fashioned garden or the strains of a in their simple of State Olcott, every. fine, upon the woods and fields, and happy retarv 1 waltz from the long ago; . was made by her pen.- P.efore countrv life : they have no idea whatever, of narchment all this The most charming figure in vsl nau citv ways and extravagant tastes, they have the document , vjoveinoi sinin as, mic ;r .mA date noL eWttThad a glimpse of the great attaint arrar was the hostess nerseii, , so outside, its gaiety. or vvretcfiedness. ;. greeted the' incoming. guests and uniformly b pRC She , It is the dav. be fore Christmas, and 'with- -' ouslV looked after their entertainment. , ine''.nt"f een-)cr-- ' i A of-Coo- e . i ' 1 h. ed M 'Mil-roo- , saim-sweet- ! ! i ; .me-comin- i ! . ? I Suf-irag- ho-te- . i -- o ! -- 1 suf-lrag- , - ( si-:)jl- ) ( I 1 1 t . ! I . pla-vin- to re-r.ew- 'al t jna-jorit- v. ( lui-rop- I - OLD-FASHIONE- D s old-fashion- ed the-blotte- " . and-turnin- , wood-nymph- . - : ' . - - , - - wore a handsome gown of chantilly lace... -- be;her.ork. r- busy-worl- : ' rr;: d i r 