' "V ' H- - WOMAN'S EX.R TIjc houses were, mostly rtide constructions of native timber, with dirt roofs or in a large lot plain gray adobe placed adorned, with young fruit trees and surrounded b.v a rough ple fence or wall of cobble stones and plaster. Twas then among these rude surroundings of pioneer life that President BrighTmi Young had built for the comfort of his family those two historic and classic homes The Lion louse and The Bee Hive House. Within their walls was reared a family leading an ideal communistic life: ami as the fair and beautiful sons and "daughters of that great sire grew to manhood and womanhood the sounds ;,f mirth and lautrhter. of rare music and fervent prayer, vibrated through the rooms and halls creating an artistic and sacred like atmosphere that has clung to the walls of the tendrils of green ivy or the perfume .' 1 r es. Not only, were these homes.the dwelling but a social 'places of this great family and gathering place' for all their friends, a home to which strangers to the city in sought the entree. President Young his proud dignity received from time to tiincmany distinguished men and women here, some whoame from curiosity, some filial with prejudice, but all leaving with a sense that they had been in the presence ofa great man whose. magnetic iower had drawn from them the best that was in them. As the years have past, from time to time these Ironies have ken the scene of splenmonudid entertainments and stand y ments of a wise and great leader, still beautiful, classical and useful. How fitting that these houses should eventually by purchase become the pnierty of the Church of which President Young was 'leader; and one of them (The Bee Hive House) be retained as the official residence of the President of that Church! Here President Lorenzo Snow dwelt, and again was repeated for a short time the series of fine entertain-- , ments not only to his own people but the to-da- ur : 4 - Willi uiiirv uuu Lydia Catherine Man Adams, an honored pioneer of Teasdalc, Wayne Co., died Jan 17th, 1912 of dropsy and pneumonia, at Torrey, at the home of her daughter Mrs. Klizabeth Covington, at the ripe age of 81 vears, 11 months and 23 davs. She was stricken with dropsy 5 weeks before her demise, and although medical aid was secured and loving hands did all in their jower to relieve her sufferings, yct .it was decreed otherwise, for the noble spirit had faithfully performed life's mission, and was ready to lay down life's burdens, with the glorious assurance of coming forth in the morning of the first resurrection, with her husband and loved ones gone before. For days before the end came, all of her children except one son, Lewis Adams of Manard, Idaho, were constantly at her bedside. Mrs. Adams was the daughter of George William Man and Elizabeth Cook Man. She was born January 25th, 1830. at Beaverley, Canada, and married David B. Adams, a widower with 5 small children. She was the mother of eleven children, seven sons and four daughters; two sons, two daughters, her husband, and four preceding her to the other side. She has grandchildren, 79 great-grandchildre- en n, and seven She and her husband were among the first pioneers of Beaver and Adamsville, (the latter place being named after them), Cedar, Escalante, and Teasdale, enduring the hardships and trials of the early days of Utah uncomplainingly. They lived for months on bran bread, and Water soup in which a few carrot tops were boiled and thickened with bran. On such a diet she took care of their now large family, sheared, carded, spun, and wove the wool from the few sheep they had, and after the children were in bed at night she would wash, iron, patch, and darn, so that the clothes would be ready to put On in the morning. She was an artist with the needle and in the latter years of her life, she fashioned beautiful designs in quilts, bedspreads, rugs, tidies, etc., and was never so happy as when surrounded by her children, grand, and greatgrandchildren and had plenty of work to keep her busy. She was able' to work and 'et around until she was taken sick.' She was an industrious, faithful Latter-Da- y Saint beloved by all who knew her;' and was lovingly called Grandma Adams, by all of the neighborhood. She was president Of the Teasdale Relief Society for a number of years, and a faithful Church worker all her life, At', her funeral,-whicwas held in the Teasdale meeting house, Jan. 20th, 1912; great-great-grandchildr- . : I.VDIA CAT HER INK MAN ADAMS. 81 Smith, history again repeats itself. There is about the dear old house an air of comfort and sweet content. One does not hesitate at the portal fearful of form and propriety, but, assured of a home-lik- e greeting and a pleasant welcome, enters the rooms and partakes of the spirit that pervades there : a home where dwells not only a great leader but a comely and hospitable lady whose greatest pleasure it is to give pleasure to others ; a woman of rare gifts of mind and heart whose time is given in unselfish service and whose life is filled with kindly deeds: The hospitality of this home under the guidance of President Smith and his "glides-wife- " Aunt Julina is unbounded. Many enjoyable parties arc given there and perhaps' never one more so than on a recent occasion when Sister Julina L.. Smith gave a dinner party in honor of the president of the Relief Society, Mrsi Emmeline B. Wells on her attaining the great age oU eight-foyears. The' guests numbered about twenty-five- , including the First Presidency of the ;17 Church, the members of the General Board of Relief Society and Airs. Wells' daughters. The table was a picture loner to be- - remem- bered; beautifully appointed, with fine linen, cut glass and dainty china, decorated . OBITUARY. step-childr- "stranger within the gates." Now as the official residence of President Joseph F. ' Chetncy roses.' The dinner was delectable in every particular and all tile line work of the Avelltrained and beautiful daughters of the household. Julia P. M. Farns-wort- h acted a toastmistress ami in well chosen words introduced each of the guests present, all of whom responded, paying a tribute of love and admiration to the guest of honor, Mrs. Wells, The ladies were much honored to have with them 'President Smith, President Lund and President Penrose, and will long remember their beautiful and instructive remarks. Altogether it was an occasion which in every detail was most pleasant and delightful. Annie W. Cannon. en. ' i h E. Ihihks, the speakers, 'Elder' Walter I 'resident Joseph Eckerslcy,. Elders J an Hood, Hebc'r J. Wilson and Walter Cnk-m- an all spoke of the beautiful cliaracUr-of-the.deceacJ and paid a high tribute to her sterling qualities and lovable disp-i- t .. ,iu Those who had known her all their li testified they had never seen her angn ur out of patience, and that she was in i,T( a modest, unassuming, lovable wife ami mother. f hey spoke consolingly to' the relatives and exhorted them to live'for a happy reunion in the future. The tloral offerings were profuse and leautilul, and the ward choir furnished appropriate music. "Near the great white Throne," was sweetly rendered by Mrs. Ada Shurtz and Miss Hazel Dalley. came from different parts of the county to pay their last respects to this noblewoman. . ' . ROSABEL IJ. -- TREACLE WALKE. Died, at Union, Mar. 12, 1912, Sifter Rosabel Treagle Walke, daughter of James Treagle and. Roscna James, and the beloved wife of Thomas I I. Walke. She was born May 25th, 1861, in Jersey, Channel Islands, England. The family emigrated to New Zealand in 1874. When the Elders opened a branch of the Church of Je-Christ of Latter-da- y Saints in Christchurch, New Zealand, her mother and family were baptized, but her father, a good man, still remained a "Bible Christian," but desired baptism before he died. Sister Rosabel was baptized. in December 1879. She re- ceived her blessings and was sealed to her husband, who is eighty-fou- r years old, in the Endowment House, by President Daniel II. Wells. She was the mother of eleven children, seven girls and four boys; five girls and three boys survive her, as well as her aged husband who feels her loss very keenly; also eight grandchildren, one brother and four sisters Sister Walke was our first organist in the Union Ward 31 years ago, as well as an active worker in the'Y. L. M. L A. For the last 12 years she. has been a most efficient secretary in our Relief Society, and r u . none will feel her loss outside of her family more than the officers of our association. True to every trust, strict and correct in all matters pertaining to her office and calling, her record books were clean and without blot, emblematical of the purity of her life. We shall surely miss her but we feci our loss is her. gain. Resolved : That we extend to the bereaved ones our sincere sympathy and pray God that His comforting influence may be with them .and that they may feel to acknowledge His goodness even in their sore affliction and Resolved: By the sisters of the Union Ward Relief Society that we mourn our loss, and appreciate the purity of her life and:the vyorthy example she has set for us. to follow ; be it further Resolved: That a copy of these resolutions be presented to the family of the deceased; be placed on the records of our society and a copy be sent to the Exponent for publication. , " v Mary Ann Smart, Harriet 'Wilkins, r Jennie Bergstrom, Lucy A. Brady, Sarah Buxton, In behalf of the Union Ward Relief Society. - 