ear hail down the group, was broken, and 'one, "only a girl,"' had gone far away and j everything beciued to change from that time, Jnc went here and another there, and by J, and by the cruel w'ar of the rebellion came and sad tragedies followed; but we forbear to name these things now and come back to the Christmas even and for this once we'll watch these piive merry "makers. It was a numerous family and the older married ones w ho lived at a distance came one alter another during the "day beiore Christmas each with their little ones; there were three daughters married whose husbands came- with them and one son with his wile, and another unmarried son whose employment took him away from hisv native village. Late in the afternoon all had arrived, and the old home resounded with hearttelt rejoicing. All these were to dine at the old homestead and spend a day or two or more alter at the dear place they loved so well, and late that night when the very little ones were sleepinir, the younger children lingered to hear their older brothers and sisters talk over the. days when they were at home, and try to recall incidents and circumstances and repeat over old stories, each one in turn tilling in a part that another had forgotten. Alter the story telling, songs were sung and every one was required to add something to the evening's amusement, ihe stones and songs were mostly of a legendary character, and later on a sort of dullness fell upon the party iiat none ot them were willing to acknowledge, yet all felt more or less, and attributed it in a measure to the nature of the pastime with which they had passed the hours away. Finally, after a lull in the conversation, and the lire was beginning to burn low, one of the company suggested it was almost twelve o'clock and soon they could wish each othex "a merry Christmas," and retire, for it seemed to be silently conceded that all were tired; and just when a sort of quiet reigned, another broke in upon the spell that was apparent with, "I wonder what will happen before another Christmas eve," and quick as answers often come without thought, two or three voices, at once burst forth with the exclamation, "Edward will be married, and we shall have another sister-addeto our number instead of missing one." But no one of all assembled there thought that, ere another year - had flown, n the girl who sat there that night so pale and thoughtful, like one in a dream, would be gone forever from their midst into a new and very different life. As is often the case after very lively and a sort of solemnity rathrgay fell upon the party, and the merry Christas it resounded "through the rooms mas, seemed to leave a hollow echo in the apartments, that was more like a farewell than the tone of glad greeting such as it was meant to be. ' The wind was howling outside now, though the day had been rather a placid one with only a. light fall of snow at intervals The evening had passed quickly and there had been so much sparkle and brilliancy inside that the sounds without, had not disturbed them in the least, but when quiet settled down amUhe family separated for the night,. the elements seemed in great commotion; the wind was fairly, shrieking and the great elm trees in the vard I fro and crackled, and the sighs and moans ; ia the homely 'dwelling great preparation ;fie being, made for coining festivities. The .uuldren left to their own fancies jiad wandered 'away in the. pine woods, and re- Limed home carrying in tiieir arms auu about them Uie bougie and vines and ber-11and oon they are busy hanging them aiound the walls of the long, low, living hcre the. meals are always served room and t.ic family gathered jii the winter wcatiier. Ihere, on a winter evening, , many interesting stories and anecdotes were luld and songs sung, and in tlie great wide tire place the pine knots ulazed high and the reflection on the" dark oaken paneled walls made many a fanciful light and shadow, so weird and strange that they were ever afterward remembered by the little ones reared in that, happy home. On that particular Christmas eve, the ever-gieewerx; testooned and garlanded so heavily and the dark, green hung with shining red berries, bo that hte dim shadowy huht when it danced fitfully over and arotinu made a strange contrast in its weird-- ' ness to the bright-eyerosy cheeked, merry children who Muttered hither and thither singing and laughing, ad;niring the decorations and calling the attention of the1 older ones to the quaint and pretty designs. So rustic seemed this country home with its simple but tasteful ornamentation that one might almost imagine it a woodland scene,, and the smell ot the fragrant hemlock and pine was like a perfume from the forest itself. How different was this home of nearly halt a century ago, plain and primitive in all its appointments, to even the village homes ot today. 1 here was no 'chandelier hanging in the great wide bare hall, only plain wooden pegs for the hats and coats, and it had no d, carpet, but a painted floor with home-mad- e woolen mats, the only warm, really attractive feature, except "the reflector that hung on the wall, and was only lighted on special occasions. I he house was unusually gay this Christmas eve, though these Puritanical New England folks didn't make so much ado about Christinas then as they do now; still it was customary to have a holiday week before New Year's, and" visits were inter0; old-fashion- ed ns -- d, gay-colore- . changed among relatives and friends, and elaborate dinners were indulged in. There was much feasting and g and many queer-olgames for pastime besides. Who shall say that those were not "the good old times," of which we sing and talk and moralize so much ? I may have, been too prosy in describing this country dwelling, etc., and perhaps ' 'twould pleasethe present generation better to plunge into the story without preamble, but all this is so vivid to the writer, arfd it will do our boys and girls no harm to know-hotheir mothers and grandmothers lived many years ago., As I sit before the blazing fire late on a winter's night, I can call up many; striking pictures and incidents and remember .well the people that figured in the drama's that actually transpired, out of which the threads of many stories might be woven, and I perhaps indulge too much in reverie and simplify beforehand what ought to be brought out in the narrative itself. : This Christmas eve was the last one that the large there on that one not occasion, missing, ever spent within those walls ; for ere another merry-makin- d ... 1' w family-assembl- ed time-honore- d- : ..- US of 1 111 j , I - i d half-grow- the pine woods in the distance were pitc oils to 'listed to. To one iull of scntimem these melancholy dirges, especially on a win try night, have something inexpressibly ten tier and siguiheant in them, and the vou:e the wind are full of the sweetest patho. yet appealing to the strongest emotions, tlu.i I tAjft VOJIUI1 IU jltl ueepest distress; yea, 1.11V. UU1I1UU 111 11. even in the agon; that is beyond expression. 1 hey seem tc cry out for the sutleriug ones and to nioaii piteously in the night time while the gLui world ot humanity is wrapped in sleep, ihi. night was a dismal one, and the young peo pie grew nervous from the sadness that urooued over their Christmas greetings. It was as though a presentiment came that something was about to happen; even though all was peace and quietness within and no knowledge of any evil shadow lurking about or around had caused this melancholy foreboding. Life was rich with promise to all the household, and especially so to the little maiden who was just bursting into womanhood ; her amiable manner and cheerful disposition were the very life of the old home, nothing could be brighter. or more hopeful than the future prospects of this young girl, i he world to her was so full of beauty and sweetness and she had been a favorite with -- all the household. It sometimes happens that the child bursts suddenly as by revelation into a knowledge of the lorces that have lain dormant in the mind through all the tenderer years, while in others perhaps it only dawns upon them through slow processes of reasoning or bit-- , ter experiences. But we were talking of Christmas festivities, and though the wind howls and the w oods take up the echo,the great logs burn brightly and happy faces light upThe Christmas morn. Snow had fallen very deep and when the hall door was opened the great bank of light snow fell in upon the floor to the delight of the children who were not permitted to go out in such weather. The morning sun shining in dispelled the gloom of the previous night, and in the exercises of prayer and reading of passages from the Bible, which was customary in this house, the melancholy died away and the breakfast was partaken of in the most cheerful mood ' ' ' - by all. . During the day, while visiting with eachv other, the daughters roamed through the house from garret to cellar, commenting up- on the old styles and suggesting modern improvements. The mother objected to new- fangled notions and affirmed that the old home was dearer to her from association than any other could ever be, however elegantly fitted up, or modernized. "I am loth to leave this dear old place where I have been so many, years a happy wife and mother, or to part with any portion of jny household furniture, for ialL your de- -. rision, and making fun of my antiquated no tions. ; Furniture is not made of such rich wood nowadays, much of it is sham, and on a par with the rude brusque manners of some of our young people." "But, girls," said the mother, continuing, 'you may each of you select a piece of furniture today to take with you to your own home, and remember whatever happens you must not part with it," let it be as a memento of your childhood home and of this Christmas visit." Ani so they did; and. long after, when many of those who ate their Christmas din- - -- -- v " JL. 