v ' ,.- - a " nl irt - sy rf ftf r - It- - nrnilww hhwmiimimi ii.i hmmi " ' '4 exodus have been kept and" that' a history will.be written ;ls that or Missouri anl Nau- ranee given thatwe ha- - inrrn. Tht? would be permitted to return, was a help me 'throughout that long trying day. ai reached the (,'nion depot; EI Paso, Tiro. Geo. it one o'clock in the morning. met us saying as he helped aie "down the steps, "Lulu is here too. and has do. not worry." We a room prepared, had no idea of meeting her .there, but were too dazed and weary to even be surprised. It eemed jut the right thing, and surely die has been a lielp and comfort in this time of need. It ha been a new experience for her. hard and trying in many ways but f do not think die will ever regret it'; she has learned a htr!e of what her grandparents and her .father pa-,- ed through, in the early davs of the Church, and I trust in blessing PURITAN VILLAGE. j ! AX "iXTERESTIN'G OF TO PS F I ELD TOWN' AS YET UN' MODERNIZED. r,l.i:PSE A ' i i ; . A ! I When the Puritans made their settlement at ialcm, the tribe of Agawam owned the land bordering on the Atlantic coast be- tween the N'aumkeag and the Merrimac rivers, and inland as far as Andover. Masconoment, their chief, conveyed the present towns of, Ipswich and Topstield to John Winthiop. son of Governor Winfhrop, for. Thus sacrificing his beautiful hnnting- be-- ! grounds.' which abounded in game, he came in his later days dependent upon the Ffe was buried on bagamore colonists. Hiil'in the present town of Hamilton. The occupancy of Topstield by European settlers dates back to 1635', but its incorporation as a town came some years later. tiler- she wiil be The beautiful broad meadows that border We remained in F.l I'aso one week, it the (now called Ipswich) river bring the .widi of the brethren to hold the first Agawam attracted the early settlers of Ipswich as nqar together as possible, being 'e and Salem, and grants of land were given trong in the faith and hope that we would to John Endicott, Simon Bradstreet, Robert mm be permitted to return, but that hope Paine and others, who formed a settlement and faint prospect tailed, and the scattering here, to which they gave the name of New abroad began. We came to Blue Water, Meadows. The present name of Topstield, while the main body of . Chui'chupa ward which might have been suggested by its were removed to Thatcher. The brethren hill, was no doubt derived from Toppesfiela, and sisters have been very kind to us, doin England, from which place many imrniall they could to help and make us feel at home. The Bishop is a son or an old time' grants came at an earl day and made their was Mesa friend of ours. Brother C. R. Hakes, home here. Prominent among these t a man named Smith, and there are former president of Maricopa stake, Ariin the old stone church at Toppes-fielzona, and he' has given us and all refugees England, some interesting memorials a hearty w elcome. The letters that come to us from our of his family; among them one is particularly noticeable, commemorating the virfriends in Mexico make the tears come. and Christian graces of his mother. They long for a won! of encouragement and tues From this mother in Israel through her line hope, and there is a heart cry for home and those from whom they are separated, but of descendants in this village came Joseph there is a courage and faith that would Smith, the founder of the "Mormon" sect, The and in the village cemetery here is a monunot shame that of our forefathers. motto of our dear Aunt Zina. "Make the ment to the Smith family, erected through best of it," has been theirs. We have been the instrumentality of George A. Smith, a "Mormon" elder, lately deceased. The old' driven from our hard earned homes, deis said to spoiled of earthly possesions, but the hand town of Toppesfield, England, of God has been with us, and His power retain the manners and customs of primitive times, and is far behind its namesake in has saved us from danger and death. Our people are sundered and scattered America 'in population and general inteland there are "winter quarters" in many ligence. The old Bradstreet farm, probably the lands, but the hand that scattered can first one laid out in the early township of gather again, therein is our hope. There are few if any but what are strong New Meadows, covers one of the eastern in the faith that every word in regard to hills, its cultivated fields sloping to the broad tlie promises and prophecies given of Mexmeadow at its base. This farm was given ico and the mission there will be fulfilled. by Governor Bradstreet to his son Simon, I still cling to the parting words of whose descendants, bearirfg the name of home- Apostle Richards, that the colonies were Bradstreet. occuov an , there to stay, that it was a part of Zion, .stead built 'close to the original house, which and God cnild protect us there, but we were was only taken down a tew years ao. not prepared' for this chapter in our ljves. While Ann Dudley, the poet wife of GovPray tor us, dear friend,c that the tirne ernor Simon Bradstreet, has transmitted for our return be not far distant; pray her genius to some of her descendants for stricken Mexico, that the redemption (among whom are Oliver Wendell Holmes and- 'Richard H." Dana), the benevolent , of her people be not stayed. There are many good people there, I do not think 'there is features, and amiable characteristics of her any enmity in the hearts of those who have husband, the old colonial governor, can be come away, against them easily traced in some of his descendants in We miss the papers, the Exponent among this village, Anne Bradstreet was a dausrh- the rest, and are not well .posted in the news L ter of that rigid old Puritan, Governor of the day. Thomas Dudley, and every generation since I hope that all is w ell Hh Zion, that tfye her time in Topsfield has had a Dudley clouds will be rolled away, arid the mission Bradstreet among its number, even to the of the gospel spread abroad, in the earth, present occupant of the arm we have menuntil the universal song shall be tioned, Verv few villages- - of New England have- retained theif e "Peace on earth, good will to man." simplicity as this one has done. None of the hurry! and ' V With Jove, your friend, . bustle of its more enterprising neighbors ' : 1 E. Sarah Russell. have come over these, hills. One mariu- rir-- to-a- -- hleS-ed.- or-p-- -- now-extan- d, o by-tw- d - -- , . ' .. . ; . old-tim- - - . well-wor- Fuot-pafh- t old-fashione- facturer only has gained a foothold,-and- ' even he hesitates to destroy the quiet ot the village by 'importing foreign' laborers, and only employs the sons and daughters of his neighbors and friend No, Queen Anne .turreted villa .dots hill or plain, and no summer hotel invites the stranger to this quiet retreat. A strong teature ot iopsnelu is trie accessibility of all things that make country lover of nature. No long ' life desirable dusty roads or toilsume climbing are necessary to put before one the wildest view the prettiest dolls and the greenest meadow bordered by grand old oak and hickory n s and utiles, of trees. which Burroughs laments there are so fe;v in this country, take you within the shade of .the pines up the hillside to an elevation where can be seen Newburyport, the hills of Ipswich, the waters of Pigeon Cove, the high blurts of Beverly Shore and when the atmosphere is clear. Marblehead and. the harbor of Salem town. From this hill we look upon the village, with its two church spires, shady streets, comfortable, farmlike houses, andi upon the Agawam, spanned by' bridges and shaded by overhanging trees and shrubs. This romantic stream that bows and bends all the way to the ocean, is like a little brook during the summer months, but overflow- - its banks in the spring and autumn, turning the .outlying meadows into a broad, smooth lake. In the west are the Andover hills, and beyond stretch other ranges, with Monadnoc and Wachusett dimly outlined on the horizon. In the center of the village is a wide common, intersected by paths shaded by elms and bordered churches, the town hall and two old colonial houses, built by the Emersons in the best style of architecture of a hundred years ago, giving a grand and gracious air to this inland town. An ancient house still stands, near the common, built with an overhanging upper story for protection from the Tndians. There is no record of its age, but it is supposed to have stood at least two' hundred and twenty year?, and lias left anywhere in New England. It was the home of Rev. Joseph Capen. the first minister of Topsfield, who came here from Dorchester in the middle of the seventeenth century. Rev. John Emerson succeeded Mr. Capen, and in his long minde'years, though often istry of forty-six prived of his meager salary, managed to amass fifty thousand dollars, a large fortune for those 'days. He was a brother of Rev. Joseph Emerson, from whom came the Concord branch. The Rev. Joseph was spiritually minded, never counting the things ot this world, and he ceased to hold friendly and brotherly . communion with John , who he thought was too much engrossed in worldly affairs. The colonial houses were built by. descendants of Parson John, and two years ago, when one became the property of the Congregational church, to be used as a parsonage, lilac trees oyer edghty years old, that had been the pride and delight of a former generation, w;e re cut to the ground, thus in some measure destroying the ideality;' of this village. We are reminded of the poet Longfellow, who never wished to leave his home in the lilacs were in bloom. This village, like Salem and Dan vers, suffered from the witchcraft delusion Two women Mary Eastey and Sarah Wildes Were dragged from their homes and hung on ' -- , -- Cam-bridgevwh- en , -- 1 ...... TX i 