!artcd up mddenly but tav (Kju7i fnr ; T ' !t u ' ea's v 'l i 'lI .1 onell the fold, for those f..n,L,,t u, i omentor'two and thought 'over th' ii vneteir u it i.iwr were not the of envelojK-sremember iream from which .she had been country eousiu was vtajd and wonianlyfund she turned the. "u r over and around -- he had xi home-lifover, until a' and ready o make' sacrifices certainly had a remarkable ,heam' curl of v fell nn pjYti hair from it. and lor- the happiness 0f tilers instead .of seekianie me tanulv notiee, Nhe could !!m "t it resist the desire to see ing Jfr pale lace and languid manner and nnx- uhat he had n in the long-ag- o. hit we will not g,. back into the details J inquired what the .matter u a lr. Ti:e u was more than tlie eni-!- ; of the oci iuruiccs that had left Miss Doro.t !'V ). (iey all. dearly loved Aunt she r aid .tN part of him self i..iifii1 lutrlinn.- til. he thy alone in the old home, there is no .need, x If Vh I'vimtii. i.e uew not but this prettv lor in a shoit time after the finding of the that morning was the cause, and her brother nng.itw curl' as s, iniethi g sbe could letter and tlu- ring, her dream came to pass keep how ..nd his daughter joined in the that veed v li.ei :"e request when Helen found the literally. he should tell the dream. riblf tn, but n !: a i 'ne Sabbath it had led to the gkuj. the And she related it as follows "1 drained ewning in nf (i unfolding ni tery. the l.M ring, and mund-theat-tire tmily wire talking Granger came to the house and told us ,f the auburn in !. o treasures she would over the sermon they had heard that day. ..me golden plates, that had been shown cherish while :". by the and hatrul Aunt and Dorothy expressed some dissatis-tactiomi angel to a young man. who bad handled ica.otisv ..J v were gone now.' as jo the genuineness of the preachili. in and had seen the characters the .v engraved though sorr, i'ad never left her heart. er: "It did not come from his heart," she ipou them in a language in it known to him. but she had long , lorgiven tliein b .t!i, argue-!- and was therefore ineffective ; "what ut afterwards had translated them bv the5 and would haw i. glad to know if thev would to hear the voice 'of-true gie inspiration of the I lory "Ghost, and the .transwere .still living, r love outlives of envv. the preacher righteousness?" added lady, lation had been published in a book; and he il is jealousy and rival and she and the better, continued, "hear purer, Scriptures exhad the book with him and mowed it to u. and mae endurir pounded as understand them: I am weary and then the scene changed and we were in And the Klier. Ik ar yt u sav uuks ol the tone and manner of our orthodox the woods about a mile from, here where it was h 'ill's bef ear A lint Dorothv had ministers, it has grown monotonous to me." the river is deep between those big rocks, the t in .is toh's. It was like a "Dorothy." said her brother, who was the and the same stranger sto.d in the water message troni an known region, out of only one who ever dared to disagree with and baptized us all. and hiven-iwith the beautiful past.. t last she toi.k up the 'the lady, "don t mi think you are growing or. Id and woke with 'the sun into shining scraps anu put tlu .: tocfcthcr. for as in very extreme ju your ideas ? Is there anyroom." ny tried to ..pen it the pieces fell apart and thing that comes up to your standard of ex" saidi i.uer i .i tt it... it ,1 .till w woiuuiv. nroiuer. a'drc.ssim her heart almost cellence!' Aren't ou looking for a miracle? gazed kT. ( id vou know the man who came upon the words-- - '".Miss Dorothv 'dc once kemeiuber these are not the days ni the tin's Dorothv my affianced wife:' the letter was dated Savior and his Apostles, though we do'pro-K's- s bearing Gospel message?" replied rather reluctantly. "I think I did, it l'oston, Mass., Jan., '()5, and in it ho to be his f. i. iwers." was one we knew intimately in (lavs gone "Yes, but we've all gone poured out in burning' words his love, hi priests b." Mr. Yost knew very well what his disappointment. reproadiing her for incon- and people, ami for me I amastray, longing for ivter meant when she spoke thus, for they stancy and entreating her to accept a lock something stronger to lean upon than these never had mentioned his name for rears, of his hair, that in some lonely hour when fragmentary discourses that have no soul in "I cannot think why I she had forgotten his devotion she might be them; there i ven to each other. about nothing Christ-lik- e should dream of him after all these long reminded of him the ring he had given her them." replied his sister. ears. hut it was a singular dream, don't he asked her to keep but never to wear it Ihnv many in this country and across the vou think .so?" "Verv strange, hut then again, as it had been a p'edge of mutual sea in other lands were influenced about that ill look of think mute not well as ot their be it, you tu must love and constancy period, and since, by the spirit of the times w hat w as about to transpire and sad. and it von brood over such hal a forerunner-otrothal. hieinations and nfght visions, vou will be In conclusion he said: "1 have long been That very evening after the conversation here related and other remarks upon the aware that vour cousin Ma, v me, ami getting 'the blues' in earnest." hear no same subject, the great J)orothy did not tell her brother how she when she returns to IVm in. if had found the missing rim; and the letters more from you. shall ask her hand in' marknocker on the front door made a clanging the day before, reason enough why she riage. If I cannot win the heart of her sound echoing through the house, and when the door was opened two strangers in heavy should dream of her old lover, but during whom have chosen out of all the world. the day the dream and the reality both will devote myself to making another overcoats and frosty boards announcing themselves as 'missionaries asked for a troubled her. and she resolved to put an end happv. who loves me with unutterable ten' "' to her imaginary fears by going over the derness. Farewell! and if we. never meet night's lodging'. Thev were not kept out in the cold air "Id letters to see why they had been left again remember that you have driven me" behind, when those whom she was sure they from vou with your, pride and unit cur." many seconds, for this was a hospitable most concerned had lied like fugitives and The words were cruel and hastily penned house and being a little, distance from the town, travelers often stopped for dinner or had never returned. no doubt, but poor Dorothy never had the When the gentlemen were What was that lady's amazement when opportunity to reply to them nor had she over night. ushered into the warm sittiiigroom, they he put oh Iter spectacles and looked at the even known that Kdward deigned to make Were kindly greeted by the master and mis- anv. explanation of his .singular conduct. papers to find one of her own letters, adtress as well as the younger members of the H was true that Alary loved hiim she had dressed to Miss Dorothy Vose, Shutesbury, household and Mr. Yoe inquired if. they Mass. Jt was sealed with a pink wafer and never disguised her feelings in her" consul's had taken supier. Something in the voice nn it was the initial "L." She paused in a' presence, though she was her guest and to the tremor of excitement. Why had this letter aware of the engage m.ent. Dorothv saw of the elder man sounded familiar (lis- lain there all these years hidden a War from her lover drift a wax from her. and her host, and he said:- "Are you from a like a Western man, but, her, and she unknowing of its ever having modestv and reticence kept her from any tanee? Vou seem rwl n'. ...,,T ne liV,.f rif her suffering. Ivdward ureeieo lit; giance fn thr first been written. She could not open it now, speaker, xouk accent is decidedly liastern.'V it seemed too much joy and yet she knew attributed it to coldness and inditTerence. v liiselle, for it was he, could no. lojiger conMarv was well versed in the art of coquct-rnot what it contained,' but jt was from Edrean easv matter to w in her ceal his identity, no matter '.what sort of ind ward, her lover O, so long ago and yet he had come purshe could never hear his name, without her country cousin's lover her heart was ' in the ception he might receive; after so many heart heating more rapidly and lier face matter, too. . for' thougJi she had gone posely, .."though thinking seasons, since she years' he might not he recognized. Ifc three of two thrrmo-gav within. felt emotion" the. betraying to Mr. Vose that he vas from the She took up the fragments of paper, one became of age, no one had ever .interested West, but formerly resided in Boston; that bv one, and found some in his handwriting her like Edward Laselle. .in days gone by lie had been "quite a reg- TTo was indeed a brilhanU young man, addressed to Miss Mary. Stacy, her cousin in this tv house." and rival slie could not and would not read viritb hrirdif nrosnccts in store and it was not "And you come here mow for slielter and love him, but' he theni, she fancied she kntw the purport of strange that she should reserve as a missionary preaching, the word of the I icr own letter she kissed ln blind not to see' that behind the their contents? ' senti- Lord, .after the" deception vou practiced, be- there summon deptlrof Dorothv Miss of tried and to; wasji nd again r again was incapable of 't raving the xonhdence ot my sister, to read it, she had no need to break ment that her cousin Alary courage fore he couhj finish the sentence Dorothy a ga mmuin siienvas IhcMirettv seal, for flic corners were wuri ieeling; " ' ! !- ;", - I I a-- aiu i , ' ; - e ! - ( - her-own- . - , ii-- iy ; I t - f I .1-- : ! , f il, 1 1 5 ! ' ; - ; -- -- mid-wint- er ' -- i . i '. 'a-te- i ' d i : 1 1 u 1 , i I 1 I ' i C'.-urag- I ; . i -- I l . hile-sh- e t 4 -- i ; ; a- ! f old-fashion- I ed I 1 . I -. . -- - j i jo.-.s.vctrotir- -- it-wa- s : . re-.pli- ed - 5 " - ular-visito- r -r- -oe 