I i Woman's Exponent . ft. non-I'rtrif- f Salt Lake City, im Knttred at the Post Offic iteond class tnatttr. t tah. in Salt ImIcs City. U,uh ai.t Lake Citv, Utah 1912 October, DESULTORY THOUGHTS. .The age iii which vc of. today arc living is not only eventful but interesting and progressive. The discoveries and inventions that have. added so materially to the interest of all mankind in several directions, useful as well as uplifting in the various departments of life itself, and in the occupations that men and women pursue and the benefits that accrue to the world at large by means of all these things, make for a higher and a more complete existence even if more complex. Therefore wc can with the utmost assurance say that this world of ours and this age, in which the present generation is taking part is the greatest yet known on this earth. It is the day the prophets of old looked forward to and prophesied concerning what would come to pass. It is well for those who are taking part in the labors and in the events now transpiring that they consider their privileges and live up to them and act wisely and judiciously in all that they do and in that which transpires around them. We are none of us living for ourselves alone, not even for our own families or kindred. We are a part of the great whole, the great world and the generation of to' - day. , ! - EMMEL1SE U. WELJJi, Editor and Publisher iSSlE WELLS CAWXOX. AssistaritJ.ditor Published monthly In Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms: '..iK- - copy one year, $1.00; one coj.ysix months, 50 So reduction mado for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, extra for postage ntaytar, 25 eta. l Advertising rates: Each Kqunre, ten lines of A 1.00. liberal pac one time 2.50j pef inonth, Uhcuiiiii to regular advertisers. FIxp 'KENToflire room's28 and 2'J,-- 2nd floor Bishop's Building, 40 North Main Street, Business hours from 10 . m. tu 5 p. m., every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to Mrs. K. B. WELLS, equally true that Colonel Roosevelt ha i;,,t I beentintil this campaign a very ardent ...p. porter of the suffrage cause, either in hjs His prai speeches or writings." ()f is Addams fare unbounded, and 's wdioi:;-r-stanall ours', and that of people her splendid work, but in pnr ot tins c reform workers of today let u not forget nor underrate the work of brave pioneer women who by their fon t)f character, their undaunted faith in ineir work and in, their cause, threw down the barriers and made it possible for women to- day to accomplish great things. Su-a- - !',. Anthony, Lticretia Mott, Elizabeth aly Stanton, and others were earnest and regressive in their fight for equal rights. hey endured contumely and oppression, ridicule fcarK-.d- v and persecution, but valiantly-an- d they fought their way along and lived at least long enough to see a steady increa-- e in their ranks and victory ahead. There was always an ardent desire among the suffrage workers for a constitutional amendment giving the suffrage to .all the women at once, but while that has been deferred, the states one by one are falling into line and who knows but' what this present condition in the political field will bring about, the result the women so long have tried to obtain. In all the suffrage states the different political parties this year have women candidates on their tickets for state and county offices. In our own state there are eleven women thus recognized. The Democratic party have two names for the lower house of the legislature, Mrs. Alice M. Home and The Progressive Mrs. Isabella Kenner. partv have two ladv Presidential, electors. Mrs'. W. H. De Wolfe and Mrs. C. E. Conk ter, and two representative's, Mrs. W. II. Wilkensen and Mrs. Iavina Livingston. The Republican party have five women candidates, four for the lower house, Dr. lane Skolfield. Mrs. Annie Wells Cannon. Mrs. Anna H. King and Mrs. Edith E. Read, while for Presidential elector they have selected Mrs. Margaret Zane Wichter. ' Mrs. Witcher claims the distinction of being the first woman in the United States to recei.ve this honor. It is now generally conceded that woman's influence in the different lines of reform and philanthropic work ha& become so powerful that it needs irf Ust be recognized. In all the states the women have had legislative committees to work with the for such laws that would benefit the people, especially the working girl, the mother and the child, and now w ith women not only to i lobby but to help make1 the laws there certainly cause for congratulation and we hope this is only the.bigninnig of the gooi work. .. poets, who are also in a certain sense prophetic if not prophets, have been, w.rought uponconcerning thi wondrous woik for the dead. Wordswoith. one of the great - pools of a early as 1825, in his Ode on ; : d England, Imagination, has'these remarkable lines: "lie it not uuordained that solemn rights. Within the circuit of those, gothic walls 'at 'pregnant intervals; Shall be Commemoration holv that mutes The living generation with the dead. In view of the greatness, of the day in which we arc now living it certainly behooves tho-- who are taking part to apprea ciate the blessings of the age. Jl solemn duty to remember the great me.i and women who have brought .about the liberty vouchsafed to this nation and to emulate the best examples of those who have given by their sublime lives and acts that priceless freedom which we so enjoy in lhi wetern land and t hld sacred the privileges of religious liberty for the land dedicated thereto. It is the privilege as well a' the duty of every one to maintain the government of the country and to build up the waste places and make them habitable and desirable, so the nations afar off will come to the house of the Lord in the tops of the mountains as has been prophesied. Therefore, we repeat that this is the greatest age of the world and those who are young will see the brilliant future which is to surpass in all that is glorious and desirable all other ages of the world. The sacred music that will yet be given in the holy Temples of the Lord, the anthems and hymns, and the mighty work of salvation which is to be performed who is to do this? Those who are young today and those who are yet unborn must necessarily nerform this ereat undertaking therefore there should be no waste of energy in that which is vain and worthless, but careful preparation in wisdom to educate the mind and the heart, that therein may be a willingness to use the gifts of the higher nature to excel in that which will tend to glorify Zion and extend and make beautiful its borders, and in the future advancement of the age all may take part who are willing to be obedient to the gospel, and there will be ample room for all to unite in the great work of making an Eden on earth according to the prophecies of old and of the day in which we live. , i o -' To the Latter-da- y Saint men and women this is the most auspicious time in the history of mankind. The Priesthood has been restored after generations of darkness, superstition and bigotry ,and a new era of light and freedom has dawned and with all this WOMEN RECOGNIZED. has come greater enlightenment to all the inhabitants of the earth. The key of knowlOne interesting feature- - of the political has been turned and, accompanied by situation this edge year is the sudden popularity and power blessings from on high, has of the suffrage cause. While heretofore spread iar and wide and will eventually men in public life have at least not been cover the whole earth. ardent on this subject, we find this year That prophecy is now coming to pass very that great force is being 'put forward bv all regarding the last days is apparent in the parties to obtain the THE GENERAL CONFERENCE. suffrage vote. fact the Lord said He would bring to pass of the. .National Suffrage Associa"a marvelous work and a wonder." tion, have, declared themselves for Colon-- ? Perhaps in the history of the Church there ly-it'eahnot be gainsaid. X , Roosevelt Not only in all material things but also in that does ,and the Progressive part v. but has never: been a more interesting confernot follow that the women in the ence than the one held this month, October. that which may be termed spiritual, is the v. .'. are in any wav pledged to .1912. work a wonderful one : the building of suffrage states any party, on the contrary the women claim All the. general quorums of the Priestmany Temples in Avhich men may officequal with men privilege and allv themiate in' the order of the Holy Priesthood, full and splendidly represented. There selves with the part v of their choice. Tt j hood for the living" and for the generwere no vacancies to fill and the spirit of the true the of the platform Progressives ations passed away who had hot this conference was indeed inspiring and upliftigreat ises many of the reforms the women promhave and without whom families could ng.- Present-Josep- h; F privilege not be made perfect in the hereafter. Even long labored fo obtain and hold out alb.irino-offer- 'H IU lilt SCoSHJIS ciliei, lilt JKOnv.' for the suffrage vote, vet it is also felt and realized his power and authority. law-mak- er - Th-.wom- en, Certain- , , -- -- : s I ... 