WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ' IJUAl iov JJilJl UI Oitp. and rest pervaded now that silent chamber, where for long weeks before had lain pain; and suiTering and struggle to re-- ; sit tie hand of fate which at last became claimed its victim. All that' n:.iter-aridwiitiring, loving hearts could do or think to keep her yet a little while was done, ,;;t medicine, tender nursing, faith and leavers availed. not, and at last, when the 1Ci..niU cc pv-i- " totiie call, the loved humble unes' bowed recognition that ;.'d knew the best, and peace came into their hearts. Sister Woodruff has been a prominent figure among the women of Zion all her life. She was born March l, 1838, at Adaim Daviess county, Missouri, which is sacredly held by the Latter-daSaints as a future gathering place. 'Like other pioneer women she endured the this hardships and toil of the erly days-iwestern land, but being young and strong she was also able to enjoy life to the utmost, and in the social, gatherings of the young people she was a happy participant. She became, when quite young, the wife of Wilford Woodruff, who was then a member of the. quorum of Apostles; and though he spent much of his time away on missions, the family of such men are always held in high regard and love by their people. Later, t li r liucVitrwl mo nrrcti!fnt r f the Church, Sister Woodruff traveled with him quite extensively and was his constant and devoted attendant throughout the remainder of his long and wonderful life. She had a large family and was a most affectionate and tender mother. She fondly shielded and cared for her loved ones and was never quite able to reconcile herself t' crcat sorrow though she was a woman dercd and a wealth of "floral offerings, fra-- " evidences of affection from friends--, grant was everywhere. And thus, covered' nature's sweetest and most beautiful .flowers, and mourned by hundreds of roved ones, was another muther in Israel laid to i est on the hillside. -- ' MEMORIAL ( ()ndi-.hma- n, y n v f deep faith. Sister Woodruff took an active part in woman's organizations and public duties. notwithstanding her home ties and responsi hilities. She was for many years the pres ident of the Relief Society of Farmers ward, and when the General Relief Society ""was incorporated she was one of the origAs a member of the General Uoard she was an untiring, zealous worker, regular in attending committee meetings, visiting Relief Society, conferences in the various stakes of Zion from Canada to Mexico, and meeting in council with her sisters on all matters pertaining to the welfare of that organization. When the Granite Stake was organized, Sister Woodruff was appointed stake president of the Relief Society, a position requiring in itself a great amount of. work; and that stake has without question a banner society in the organizainal directors. tion. ; . Pki'pkmt. IjkiW., Stake Secretarv. - m;rici-:s- . services for Sister Emma Smith Woodr.mr, late president of the Gran ite btake kehei Societv were 'held at the Mt-mAria-l INFLUENCE OF THE RELIEF SOCIETY. On the 17th of March, VH2, irr accordance with the published suggestion of the Granite Stake Tabernacle Monday, March hirst Presidency, exercises were held gener1 18, 1912, commencing at ally throughoift the Church, commemorap.m., Counselor Leonora T. Harrington presiding and contive of the seventieth annivirs.irv of the ducting the excretes. organization of the Relief Society. At alOpened by singing "My mountain home most all these exercises a history or sketch so dear." of the society was given as one of the features of the program. It would be obviPrayer, Sister Harriet J. Miller ously impossible to' publish all or anv conSinging "Zion prospers, all is well." Sifter Elizabeth C. Taylor read the fob. siderable 'number of these, excellent though they are. Moreover., there is of necessity lowing resolutions of more or less of similarity of fact, though Whereas, In His wisdom and infinite with much variety of language, in all such goodness the Ijord has called to her eternal sketches. We trust therefore no one will home our beloved sister and; friend Kmma be offended at our inability to make use of Smith Woodruff. In the loss of our sister the numerous communications on this subwe the members of the Granite Stake Relief Society realize that there has gone to ject which have been so kindly forwarded. The thoughtfulness which prompted the ner rewaru a pioneer ot tins state, a no hie woman, and a mother in Israel. Sissending is fully appreciated; and we hope our friends will understand why we are ter Woodruff was the embodiment of good ness. She carried with her the influence compelled to content ourselves with the of her divine calling in the Relief Society, foregoing acknowledgment of it. The differs from most such sketchand her beautiful character has lcen a es in that it discusses the results and consource of inspiration to us 'all, to make us nobler in our lives and to cause us to sense sequences of the organization of the societv rather than the historical fact itself, will, keenly the sweetness of divine motherhood. We. her sisters, ask God to bless her we are sure, prove interesting. It was given in the 29th ward of Salt Lake Citv, children. May they emulate the beautiful Sunday character of their mother, and may we never evening, March 7, 1912, by Mrs; Maria forget her wonderful example of love for Francis. Ed. We pray our her fcllowmen and I shall confine my remarks to the influFather in Heaven to bless her family that ence of the spirit of the Prophet's action in they may realize always that God is good. and that He is our Father and Savior. turning the keys for women's work, upon Resolved, That these resolutions be sent the nations of the earth. It surely ought to be a reason for reto the family of the deceased, that a copy be joicing to the Society that they were the recorded in the minutes of our society, and first to have an organized charity in the one be sent to the Woman's Exponent for world. There have been many charitable publication. people in all ages, ready to relieve upon Susan E. Brixton,-ElizbetiC. Taylor, emergency, but nothing like the work of the Relief Society.. Seventy years have passed Committee. and other organizations have sprung up; Solo,-"MFaith in Thee," Sister Ella D. for instance ..the Salvation Army, formerly ' Bishop. called "the Christian Mission;" "the Little Sketch of the life of Sister Woodruff . Sisters of the Poor ;" "the Societv of Dea by Sister Erriilv M. Brinton. "the Ladies' Aid the Trio "Galilee," Sisters Eccles, Peterson, conesses; Schools" in London.Society;" 1836 In a "Ragged Priestly and choir.Air. Geo. Muller home a for waifs startecj Brief eulogies were given by the followin and 1856 Bristol. he had sestrays By Laura H. Brockbank, Katherine sisterfs: ing cured for the work subscriptions amounting E. Cutler, Dr. Margaret Roberts, Sarah to $422,205 and had rescued over 300 chilJ. Cannon, Julia M. Farnsworth and Presidren annually. In over 2000 children dent Emmeline B. Wells of in these homes educated were lodged and the to testified who eloquently Board, at Bristol alone. He also started a lartrc of Sister Woodruff's characrior-qualities farm in Australia, where the older boys. and humble spirit, her ter, were sent to learn farming: He .died, in her kindness to the poor, her love and London in 1898 at the age of 94 .years. faithfidelity to her family and friends,., her Many titled ladies in England have been fulness to the work of the Lord. She was moved upon to enter info charitable work, trusted and respected by all with whom she to among them Lady Somerset, Lord and labored, and her, memory will go down Lady. Aberdeen working side by side, Queen posterity revered and loved. Victoria; and the princesses, the Duchess Duet," "Truth reflects upon our senses, of Cambridge, her daughter, the Princess Sisters' Priestly and Green. now Queen of England. The general Piano solo, "O My. Father." Miss Daisy May, indication shows that woman is reaching to ' ' . Hilton. . a higher degree of freedom than was ever Sister Laura, E. Cutler in behalf of the re-pe- : ct -- the-Lord- . 1 i . - At the opening of the Salt Lake Temple in 1893, Sister Woodruff was called to officiate in that holy house. She was assistant both to Aunt Zina Young and Aunt Bathsheba Smith when they presided there. Her good works are many and will live afterJier in the memory of her people. For some time before her " last "illness Sister Woodruff seemed to have a premonition of her death, and sometimes made remarks that her dear ones pondered over. She was vwearv and tired, and no doubt longed to join those of her loved ones who nan gone betore. ; heartfelt tributes were paid: her at the funeral services, glorious music yas ren- - 1 1 . A. W. C. weary body yiciueu in t ' . , it an wnuj nau so. Kinuiv mm tered to their' mother antf filled her room with flowers during her last illness. ' Closing hymn, "Providence is over all." Benediction Patriarch James McGhie. t m., .,,.1 uKumtu the-Genera- l supe- -- self-sacrifici- ng . : - . . J 