iffjf , Hi- , '.. i a bureau of' national parks unVh r "die department of the interior; ako jki against the curtailment of the appro- THE TRAINING SCHOOL FOR NURSES. imut fire's in the national foresN, priations to fight c lavoring women inspectors for ''t he' oU!ii;V. 1J ( W. 1'-- at all ports of. landing. - Indorsement of the plan fo have splice in all the larger cities of this wo-I1Ui- 1 . M pita!. - -- r, -- Indorsement n-!- '. of the plans for medical ' schools. Reindorsemerit of the pure food and quarantine laws. 1,J Demand that the president of the Lnked States reorganize the department of so" agriculture that vthe pure food and drug acts he better enforced and "the law not be prostituted for special interests." -Favoring accurate gistration oi or births and Hpntlic Indorsement of the white slave" and protesting against the light senten- to convicted offenders. of the plan for study of i Political science as a preparation1 for citizen-sll'- P t in clubs. ments ,. ; Protest, against the comic suppleof-th- 1 Sunday, newspapers. ,24 Protest against imposing any legal disability on woman that is not imposed on ' ; Daney, i o e man. ;;' 25 Indorsement and divorce laws.' X: : ': ; , . of uniform" marriage ; V - a - ' ! : . ' -- . j : . i- ' 9 . : - ... .! .. z: 01 hi ni'i- - " : ; : HOME U (ID ' ' 1 '"2 Ti tZt' ' - I: (II 1 23 K. , Kll-- A inflation in schools, for school nurses and c meted-oii- tter-da- y ; NL'RSMS' ces, ';,(! ;: the hospital, is not Johns I lopkins mi that hospital for. a hi sides-thorough k ol 'U's'sioii. thorough ami is already We would stndi ami fKTuik'i:, d.v possesses the rare urge the young women of the state, those quality of freclv inn Wr to others who desire a good practical training, to I he tudeut find hi (;uitc accessible and avail themselves of this opjortunity. Not are drawn to her.b l;r cheerfulness and .only is the training gained invaluable, but personal niagnctiMu, a; de same time apprethe profession in itself is most remunerative ciating the dignity ..f i.r position and re- - and no calling could be more in keeping f the curriculum. with an ideal life than that of nursing the pycting the rigid ruk I here are many who take the sick. In the Relief Sociity work it is espenurse training who ncs expect to become cially necessary. Scarcely a day or night hut jirofessional, but what these relief workers are called merely to better qualify themselves for the responsibilities oHioinc! upon. If we had at our command a few' lite, wherein there - almost constant need trained nurses among u we would certainly (flj 21 few ( i i I ut-of-do- 'ir..w- - - that offered by the Saints' ho.v n ; -- iu-r.ai- for i. Iv speeches followed by a reception, refreshments and ".dancing this in recofthe ognition girls hard work and valuable ervices and a a fitting close to their course of training. It surely is a beautiful sight to see all the girls in their becoming uniforms and to realize that they have chosen a their mission the work-tameliorate human suffering. 'fhe class of p15 begins this month chool for nurses .can of the mi: - . ml y a graduate of ti pil.d vvh.,,,1. hut null i;n lhcr ;. r;tr- t i )pposiug prison contract lab.u- and pleading for aid to the families nf pnX. mr ' y diverting the profit that may jesiih j'n mii ilie marketing of goods not-icompetition to their benefit. l.v Indorsement of the study of Ilible and the placing of liible study the-- ' program of literary clubs upon 14 Furtherance of high idea's in the drama and on the professional stae. 15 Indorsement of the workmen's compensation act. Id Call for federal aid for vocational train:! tg for boys and girjs. 1 tr.iinin-'- " found an wiu i,nn::-ian- ts 11 Ihkt An -- T te-ti- f? I, fey LATTER-DA- SAINTS' Y V vs.-'1. 1.' HOSPITAL. of the acquirements and intelligence of a find our work much lighter and more satisnurse. There have "been a large number of factory. In fact, every ward should sec to young women graduated f rom the JLatter-- I it that they have at least one trained nurse, whose services they could have when occaday Saints' hospital and as one corps leaves sion requires. it is necessary to replenish the ranks in order We trust that the class of 1915 will be far 4hat the work in the hospital may not be '' ' retarded. larger than any heretofore. In June of this year fifteen young women course and left completed the three-yea- r the hosnital to. follow their chosen profes Mrs. Isabelle Earll of Joplin City, Mo., sion in broader fielclsj independently and "at County Court of their own discretion. .That they pre well has been appointed" by theoffice of justice of to fill the prepared for their work" is a certainty, for Jasper County of her after the military discipline and training the peace made vacant by the death have husband. During the six years' that Mr. during the three years term they inust Mrs. received an experience and education, along Earll served as justice of the peace served as JiTs clerk and stenogtheir line of work "that would well qualify Earll has rapher. Except for hearing cases she . has them to,meet the emergencies' and, necessidone all of the work of the office, She has ties the" world outside offers them. attachments, At the close of the training each year issued warrants', summonses, all other legal exercises are executions, garnishees and appropriate and delightful of office a justice in the held" in honor of the graduates, when each forms originating a as well as of the peace. 'Mrs. Earll. has girl is the recipient of a class pin there-arwho will probably assist ' in exercises daughter ' these At her diploma. ' . . , and felicitous the office; music beautiful always . . I j i . -- . twelve-year-o- ld e ; - ; 