; wom ,- .. . vV-.-T.v- . ' . - " work. . Port-lan- d. . in the Hoping to hear from you sometime near future, I am yours lm ingly, .t ' '- - Catiiakinl L. Wooum.KV, 1524 Pacific Ave. West, Spokane, Wash. Mancos. Oho, May 27; VA2. Mrs. limmdinc H. Wells, Salt Lake City. write to inform you of the change made in this the San JuanStake. May 21, Y)2, there were two stakes orI . ganized. The wot side is called the Piatt Stae in honor of the late Piatt I). Lyman, and Sister Mary N. Jones is president of the " Relief Society. The east side of the takc is called the Young Stake in honor of Prigham Young. Jr., and Siter M. M. Ialls, the daughter of F. A. Hammond, is appointed president of the Relief Society of the Young Stake. I h a vcJjeeii president of the MutuaHmprove- meut Association for twenty-si- x years, I have also labored in the belief though 1 would like to receive any instructions you have to write, as I will not be able to ee you until October, conference. What is your idea of teachers visiting and holding a little meeting 'with the mother and girls, that is to have order about it, and talk Relief Society work? My idea is to have the sisters offer a prayer before going that the Lord may help them. If there are any young girls at the home, call them to sit down with the mother and listen to theVonnsel of the teachers. And then have the mother and girls express themselves in regard to Relief Society work. I think that .would instill in the I i . .hearts of the young girls the importance of the work. For my part I think there is no grander association in the Church than the Relief Society. There is a great and noble work to do and we want the young mothers to Team this great truth. I desire to work faithfully in this office and work up the importance of the Relief Society. I pray God to help me to do so. May the Lord bless you; my dear sister, and strengthen you for every labor you have to do. . remain vour co-labor- Halls. ..In March the Daughters of the Revolution held their election of officers and started on another year of laudable endeavor.' At the first meeting after this the new regent, Miss "Catherine "A; Wells, made the following interesting address to the : members: ; Y The honor you have given me I appreciate, I wish to thank those who elected me and will accept the position, hoping it will educate me in the things that w ill make me Strong, that I may be a better patriot than I have been ' in the past. I will endeavor to magnify the" position' to its' uttermost T " 's Ward, and Nettie T rice of Paradise each reported the Relief Society in their respective wards as1 in good condition. .. RELIEF SOCIETY REPORT. Relief Conference nfr thv IT,, Society . rum . , n luesday, May 21st, in Hvrum Third Ward meeting house. On the ta,rd were Alice M. Home and Jennie A. yde of the general board. Presidents W C I arkinson arid A. M. Israelsen of tlikstake presidency, members of the high council and all members of the stake Relief Societv board. President Louisa Allen presided. At the morning v meeting Counselor George Davis offered, the prayer l resident Louisa Allen opening a (rood regave port of the Relief Society of the Stake We have ten organizations all in good working order; we are looking after the needs of the poor and trying to do a good work. residents Marie Wilson of Hyrum First .. : 1 ' . Mangy IWahlen of Hyrum" Third Ward sang, 'T Know my jleavenly Father knows." Alice M. Home of the general loanl felt pleased to be here. Gave many words of encouragement to the sisters. Spoke of our educational system. The necessity of careful thought and study. What a responsibility, we have in choosing the best methods and that which' is for our best good. It is well to hold fast to the revealed word of God.' A KTKRN'OON' SESSION'. After the opening exercises a song was sung by Mrs. Maughan of Wellsville, and a paper read on "Success in Life," by Sivter Yilate Davis. Song. Miss Fva Petersen. Sister Jennie A. Hyde "of the general board addressed the sisters on Relief Society progress, and complimented us on having so many young sisters in our organization; they w ith all their, cares and responsibilities need the association of the older sisters. Song, Sisters Veates and Jcssop of Mill-vill- e. Sister Home gave dis- atrinteresting course on Art. Dwelt on the beauties of nature and natural scenery. Sister Nellie Parkinson called the attention of the ward presidents. to the call that has been made for assistance to the people of the Mississippi flood district. Choir sang, "If There's Sunshine in Your Soul." Penediction by Counselor Mary L. Baxter. Rebecca C. Allen. Sec. i er, DAUGHTERS OF THE REVOLUTION. 'I Au-bie- . 1 M. M. 1 - especially pleased with the officers with whom you have surrounded me. With dear Aunt Ems counsel, Mrs. Willey s and keen intellect and 'enthusiasm, Mrs. Smith's wisdom and 'c.erience and Mrs. I ar'i is worth's ability, I feel strong already. ' I think this Society'a very important one and believe it will some (lay be a power for good in our nation. What we need now is to enthuse the old members and make our meetings so interesting and j)opular that new members will want to join. 1 wish every Daughter that is eligible would become a member, as it is a privilege to be a member of this Society; not that we are any better jthan our foreign sisters, but lecause we can have the right to honor our forefathers and mothers lor the great work they have accomplished in making us a free nation; and it seems to me it is our duty to make; patriots of our young people. In thinking over the regents from Aunt Kin t'i Mrs. Sencer I think every one that has held this position has been the right one in the right place and at the right time when bhe could do the most good, and what a coterie of intelligent, bright women ! I trust we will continue to progress and be as successful in our administration. 1 am so proud of the Matilda Evans wish we had one in every Chapter and town and city in Utah. I am heartily in favor of the Junior Auxiliary and hope the mothers and grandmothers will take an interest and have their children join. 1 think it would encourage Mrs. Home if the members would visit the Junior Auxiliary. We have in our Society that courtesy which so necessary for the good feeling of its members. I hope we will continue the cultivation of it so when we miugle w ith our associate's and strangers we may ever have in mind and remember the great example we have before us Of Lafayette's courtesy to Mrs. Morris, when he rode through the streets of Philadelphia. . There are three things in life that strong--l- y appeal to me : my religion, my home and my country. I have tried to' do my duty by all. Llelieve if each and every one could receive a testimony of our religion and know the truth. for ourselves, amfuse that .sweet influence in our homes, we could give to our state better citizens, and to our country better patriots. I trust that our Society may progress and increase so it Hi'ay h;C said of the Utah State Societv of thcxDaughters of the Revolution in' the. future that we are the banner societv of the Union. V.'V atll- in They have a fine Relief Society ' It was organized before I came hut ve have organized tlie one here in Spokane also the Y. L. and V. M.M.I. A: They arc .also doing a most excellent ' ' -- an;s;expon ent. GO PLANT A TREE. Oh! what a joy it is to plant a tree! And from the sallow earth to watch it rise, Lifting its emerald branches to the skies In silent adoration; and to see Its strength and "glory waxing with each spring,. Yes, 'tis a goodly and a gladsome thing To plant a tree. Nature has many marvels; but a tree Seems more than marvelous; it is Divine.. So generous, so tender, so benign, Not garrulous, like the rivers, and yet free In pleasant converse with the winds and birds, Oh privilege beyond explaining words, To plant a tree, Rocks are majestic but, unlike a tree, They stand aloof and silent. In the roar Of ocean billows breaking on the shore There sounds the voice of turmoil. But a tree Speaks ever of companionship and rest. Yea of all righteous acts, this, this is the best To plant a tree. There is an oak oh, how I love that tree! Which has been thriving for a hundred years. Each day I send my blessing through the P ' spheres , For one, who gave this triple boon to me Of growing beauty, singing birds and shade. Wouldst thou win laurels which shall never fade? Go plant a tree! a ; Ella Wheeler Wilcox. (In Ladies' Home Journal for June.) The .Equal: Franchise Leasrue of New York City,; founded by Mrs. Clarence Mack-a- 7 opened its new suffrage library with a public receptiohson Jan. 25. Mrs. Robert Goelet, chairman Cithe entertainment committee, arranged for aO)lay to be presented on that occasion, with young ladies of prom inent tamilies taking part. 'A - 