will be no cessation of effort to accomplish Worn an s Exponent EMMELLE U. ASS IK WELL tlie desired end; and we rejoice in the fidence that our frieud.s and patrons .m their con- WELLS, Editor and Publisher CAS SOS, AasitontJdiUr Publish.-- ! monthly In Halt Lake City, Utah. Term: 50 copy one year, f 1.00; one copy nix month, ! deliver-.ly for club. (Mty paper So rHuctiori ct. equally 'peritcnt in yielding financial assistance and hearty moral supnear to the port in achieving an object mi hearts of us all. Will be part riI one year, -- 5 t.. A.lvrtiKirii mien: Each quare, teri lines t non A liberal parirl pacw one tune $2. 50; per month, $3.0). r advertisers. tlhroiint to KxpoNENtortVe rooniH'JS ami 2'J, 'Jiui HM.r liinhup's Huii.llnjf, in North Main Street, Business Ijoum from 10 a. in. to 5 every day, except Sunday. j.all in., Addn-H!.uinea eomniunicatioiiH to Mr. E. . WELLS. mail. extra fur po-ta- j; OFFICE FOR WOMEN. quite noticeable that notwithstanding I 'tali i'the second oldest suffrage state, her women hold fewer offices than the other four states when' suffrage obSalt Lake City, I'tah. tains. Thi fail is referred to at time with The women themselves exsome criticism. Entered at the Pott Office in Salt I.akt City, f ah plain the matter that while they enjoy the Mtcouil elan matter. i right of franchise they, generally speaking., do not care for office, at any rate sufficiently - 1912 to enter the arena of pnlitirs and battle for Salt Lake City, Utah Skhtemhkk,Still it would only be justice to portion. half, and that part of the voter.-- , a FORTY-ONE. VOLUME all men must admit the better half, to place at least one. state office n each party ticket, It impossible to express to ur sisters not to mention the county, city, and school theii;ijp intment we feel Jn haying been positions. That those who seem to control nbliired to tip lor the tinii' heiiii" the the work of the conventions and elections idea of prese'ntinir. the Kxpoxknt in the have been anything but generous towards form ut a magazine. fowever. we nuit the women of the state, is quite evident, amf submit to the inevitable, meanwhile cliniim; especially was this noticeable at the" recent to tlie hope that before loin; it will be fully conventions held in this city, when the Demas practicable as it already is desirable to ocratic party did not even nominate a woman make the change. for place, and the Republican party, voted It is now, we think, admitted without disdown the one .nominee whose name had pute that' the Relief Society cannot and been presented a woman admittedly' capa'must not be without an organ of its own ble, in every particular, one who had been as a means of communication throughout, tried and proven efficient, as a county officer, tlie organization, One has but to look over and one who would have tilled the position the pages of the bound volumes of the Exwith dignity and credit. ponent for forty year past to realize most We have .met similar defeats in elections fully what this little paper has done for the and appointments on school boards, posiwomen of Xion. Xot only has the .great tions v the service of women is of the Relief conbeen organization Society needed and for which thev would seem and in its stantly loyally represented This fact is recognized especially' fitted. but I. M. the Y7L A. lines, and many even in England and manv of the eastern in it also had chama friend and Primary states where suffrage does not yet exist but. before cither of these pion organizations either from prejudice or thoughtlessness it had an organ of its own. To go even seems slow in Apmaking its way Jtere. further back, the early Retrenchment assothe peals alike to justice and to the galciations, both senior and junior, found these of the sterner sex appear to be in columns a willing medium in promulgating lantry vain. Xeed they be surprised to awaken their plans arid purposes The silk industry some day and rind that tlie women have and many other phases of women's early taken courage and entered the political activities were here explained and profield for themselves and with the force of moted. Indeed, every subject of interest the ballot set "out to win the rights and posito women arid every stake of Zion" have tions desired? always had the freest opportunity for repIt is to. be regretted 'that small excuses, resentation in this little, paper. sometimes ridiculo'.;.? ones, keep women The delay in issuing the. present number from the primaries and the polls, the as the beginning of the new volume has away two places where if they reall.v desired to been 'due to the, fact that we fully expected hold "office they ought to go. There are so to be able with this anniversary to present the paper in new form. Reluctantly, and with very many reforms neces'sary in social government in which women arer especially indeep personal disappointment, we perceive terested and for whichsjhey are constantlv now that this hope must be deferred. The is that it surprising to note their advice of experienced business inen, well working, in political matters. If the woman the resources of apathy acquainted not only-witbread is. to have an equal chance earner this paper, but also with the publishing with the man bread earner in business generally, constrains ns. to this private em-- I not the same equal chance pioyment, wliy postponement erf a cherished wisli, and we in ? office Let the ballot tell. public feel under all the circumstances that it is the wiser and indeed the only, safe, tiring to do. DR. ROBERTS' NURSE CLASS. But we renew the assurance that it is only a temporary delay. The need for a circu Dr- Margaret C. Roberts announces in too to lating organ is apparent require ar-- 1 this; issue of the "Exponent thatshe will imgument. similarly, tne again have "a class in nursing md obstetrics. arid of the .its work deportance society mands thaUhis official organ be worthv and fact for we realize that there, is great need adequate in every sense.- It mav therefore among the peopleTor nurses and generally t,n tiuimui mat on our part there- midwives. nv The. Relief. Society It has been s jyo-sih- le i - w-he- re work-alon- espe-ciall- g ; h - eyer-grow'i- ng - - especially have many calls which they liu! to till among the laboring not ask .for charity work bu feci pay the high 'prices of the hospn nurse furthermore, it is a great every woman to have some and hygiene ;. in tact . be an intelligent and successful m. knowledge is absolutely neces-a- r cordingly urge the sisters to young women lo take il There are hundreds of graduates Roberts' classes now practicing ;:, localities with admirable succe-peoeverywhere are greatly U being able to obtain the sirvir, efficient young women. :""Mlik-i- t ela. ; 'i-ti- i, i ''!t-- r ; hr i:; riVnr.: in.i ple Us- - . PLATTE DECKER. MRS. SARAH The closing .days of the recein held in San Erancisco were m;, much clouded by the sudden illness a:,, death of that beloved and useful w ,: Mrv Sarah Platte Decker. .Mr. ). er in t:.r ca.ri been quite conspicuous sessions of the convention. after taken the Saiii through" trip alley it was noticed tr. at her strength was overtaxed, die su,. :i!y !ecame very ill ami physicians rr( n nioned. Erom the first her serious and following an operation was resorted to as the last hope, she a wav. Mrs. Decker was an active A man suffragist, for many years giving ;hera!h both of her time and means to in. cause. Largely through her efforts the 'e nver Woman's Club reached s high andar! America: :i cities among the leading clubs-oand the national tederation, recogui: ing he: ability, elected her president of tii'- n'liera! Eederation in 1XM. Mrs. Decker v. - tic of the foremost women of the nat;o known as a tireless worker in ma:i;. liVHK Her death cause! spirited movements. re i"s- great --sorrow and is certainly a to the women of the nation. - . 1 ':. !'-.- ha-- : uu-Clar- ' - . con-l:;- : pas-c- d ' ! - a- j . v-v- A f PETITION. T'vr an acceptable sacrifice brin niv heart and a contrite spirit. i .kfi !T Mrlii "When Thou didst send mo here ..:: awhile, h'rec was my spirit from all sin and g'lnc: Sweet are the mem'ries of those early years. Yet in their passing, gathered d' !,!"- - :in fears; alien the idols on life's way, jone are the dear ones of- a brighter lay. And desolate, I bow,.- And plead that in Thy pity, Thou Wilt reach and find me. I ( - Then if a broken heart atone for . In Thy compassion, wilt thou hear ::y might. I hear in voice of love Invine, "All that I promised unto thee is thine; Then as a bird 'loosed ..'from captivity Singing soars upward, so would I he :ree From griefs that blind me now And wake from death, in joy, and T!: Receive my spirit. Augusta Joyce Crooikon. cad-The- Dr,. ilarvev Y. Wiley, in-his4e- ad- c4t dress before the Council of Jewish oniei! at Pittsburg, Pa., spoke of the inarkeu the growth of woman' suffrage sentinfent in country. Hesaid that when he madck-ii- was suffrage speech, in 1878,"the question to unpopular ; but that today, if he. were IS U In i becdmetea candidate-fo- r office, his being suffragist would help his election. '. In 