withal discordant, never unpleasant, seemed And yet there was naught a wild inelod of the savage in her nature. She roamed the hills she climbed the trees, she stood aloft on rocky height?, and talked to the hirds, and trees, and fountains, and to the Inooklets llinviug on and on over the peb-M- v ainN. and to her cars all sounds were -- lilUMC. of those who were in any way associ ated with her. Yet she was dreamy and in She some way irresponsive seemed to irom contact wun an ex cept a. very few. A change came to the; young maiden that altered the whole course of events a Won- drous change. Whereas she had religious tendencies, implanted by education and in- heritance, yet she had not known deep con- victions, nor was it likely in one so young, Vet suddenly it came about, and her whole .soul was wrought upon by the strange nws that a prophet had proclaimed a new reve lation, from heaven. He had a small fol lowingonly a few. It was wonderful. She believed in elves and fairies, and fancied she would nne day see them and tliat one would yet come to spin golden Somethreads like "Clotilda's g. times she felt sad, after watching and waiting and no one came to make her daydreams come true. She fashioned wreaths from the evergreen vines that trailed in The truth entered into her very heart the woojs under the trees, and wondered again and again how crown- - were made and soul; all her spiritual' faculties were fiom the laurel btidics that seemed so stilT aroused: she wanted to see the prophet. Her wish was gratified. She saw and and grew straight and ungainly.' She heard him. What a great change was dreamed great dreams of imaginary poets and wandering minstrels' that played upon wrought! So true and zealous was this harp and sang militant music, mild and unsophisticated child that not all the temp tations the world could offer would have melodious and melancholy, like the made any impression upon her, to make her she had often heard in the night time. Sometimes s)C eoiild he found sitting doubt the knowledge that she, had indeed d rocks tinder the overseen and heard from a prophet of God. ttt the Trials and persecutions, sorrow and priva hanging, graceful hemlock houghs, imagtion, were as naught compared with the tesining herself the iieen of the fairies. This child was ''impossible" so the timony given her when she saw and heard neighbors said, and these good Puritan him. -- . whip-poorw- ill moss-t'ovcrr- Church left AVinter Quarters on 'the Missouri river for' the valley,- - and in the beautiful month of May, with the three children she journeyed toward the west once more, this time to find a permanent lio; The variety of scenery, the incidents of "the tio.ri the way, especially in such large traveling companies, more than compensated for ail the inconveniences, and difficulties to be. en countered ; the trials and privations v.xtc by the prophetic thoughts of the mountain home w here freedom an Hl crty for the chosen people would be found and maintained. Reaching the vale in the mountains after coming through Emigration canyon, the teams yvere corralled on 'Citv Creek and camp made opposite the Temple site, and here, on this verv ground she passed many shifting, changing scenes in her ljfe's eventful history. All these changes, whether gay or sad, were to her so many books of knowledge, sometimes left to moulder and rust the nafes without onenintr to look thcrvin o j and again, just peeping in for material to interest the many who question of the numerous incidents tliat had Tin folded in the settlement of the valley, and withal after many years what has been the result of life's adventures into unexplored volumes of thought wand experiences! How can the story be told of any woman's long life, especially of one wdio had such lofty aims and aspirations to accomplish some great purpose to help others, especially to benefit womankind and children The whole trend of the busy, active life of this dreamful child and woman proves that the longing fancies of her girlhood were in a sense prophetic of her later life. In her mature womanhood, when the vista of opportunities opened up. un looked-fo- r and unsought, dreams ami ro mances in a sense resolved themselves into realities, yet all has been wrought out so ahsohitelv different thnn rnnld hnvo been anticipated even by the most sanguine ol- servei an(l consequently establishes the fact . at least. in the mind of thc j, ;b, in the ,)rain. that there are ,j over-balance- d I ' Then followed the great tragedy the mothers wondered why her mother allowed her to indulge in such wild fancies. Prophet and Patriarch were slain. Many Hut even, childish dreams have an awakfailed in their faith not so the maiden who ening and as time tlew by, the child grew had been bereft of all that she loved best. older, if not wiser, and new thoughts and She mourned the loss she suffcred,as it were desires to know of books and pastimes such apart from others) yet her sorrow was as as other children enjoyed, and school genuine as those, who made more parade of friends and companions who talked of regrief. Her heart was deeply touched and alities, not of fancies, began to occupy her the sorrow of that terrible time could never mind. She learned quickly and helped othbe effaced from her memory. ers, which seemed to her unsophisticated mind the one aim to be desired. Her studies Leaving the city of the Saints, crossing were almost a pastime and she seemed to the .Mississippi on the ice in the dead of have known many things before she read winter, camping out, sleeping in tents, and them in her books. all the other exigencies and inconveniences She was romantic in the extreme. Her of such an unpremeditated journey, to a imagination carried her afar, and she travyoung delicate gir was not only a new and ersed over lands in the distance, she climbed novel experience, hut attended by many al- the highest hills, she compassed-lanand most insurmountable difficulties, and in this : ... i .1... case proved more than her nature could sea, as u weu, aim sue loiu marvelous laies . r Qnmp ,iof what she had seen and heard. She beendure. Brain fever set in, and life was deand through lieved in herself. She felt she could overspaired of, but notwithstanding, the girl all the trials and. vicissitudes of come all obstacles in her way. She asrallied and lived to reach Winter Quarters, life a grievous hope in the ultimate triumph of light tounded all her teachers. In fact, those who where, during that first winter of 1846 and over darkness, the shining light that is like knew of her progress in the studies she had 1847, the pilgrim Saints suffered so much an anchor. W. W. W. undertaken, far in advance of those of her from fatigue and hradship. Many strong age, predicted for her a brilliant future. men and women suffered and death carThe little maiden who had found there were ried away those of all ages, but particularly RELIGIOUS THOUGHT IN AMERICA. no real wood nymphs or fairies believed .women and little children. The following interesting naoer was orepared r' she could attain celebrity and was encourti, Mrs- Myra Young RossiTeand presented be- to ideas in of her the unknown to the Great reaching highest aged way Basin, and the fore the Utah nf the riPtv nr excellence in such studies as .little girls children needed a teacher. Gladly the Revolution young r amount of at a recent meeting Containing a vast of her age never dreamed of undertaking. girl opened, a school for those in the vi information upon an important subject in condensed form, it will be found of interest, Much of the reading and many of the studcinity. It was in a log house without a we are to sure, every reader. Editor. floor, romantic enough to suit even her. peHer own taste in literature was of that kind culiar temperament. Six months she THE PRESENT DAY. and yet she loved the romantic, but her the girls and boys of all ages, almosttaught withReligion is as old as human history or heroes and heroines were of the highest out booksr Much of their was teaching' human language there is 'good reason class. She loved the poems that were lofty really of a religious nature, and it was the for sayingthat it is universal, though there in tone and sentiment and her thoughts faith of the young woman that are and have, been individual atheists and were of those who had accomplished great helped her over the of rough places life, communities w ith little sense of religion. things Rome and the Romans; Greece Her mother had died and been buried by The temperament .of certain races renders ,the land of philosophers and poets ; Scotthe wayside in an unknown grave, and she them more, highly susceptible of profound land and its great romances, Waverley and was left in of three motherless chilcharge '" '.. religious impulses, just as some individuals others. dren, but she still, had her romantic fancies have a deeper fund of religious feeling, oj iThe child grew and she found her way and dreams. Her and poems were piety and songs reverence, than their neighbors. into the hearts and homes of her kindred her only pastime Most of the great religions profess to have and her winsome ways were the adinira- - i Later in the 1848 the body of been directly revealed to man spring of by inspiration ! w . 1 i - riwf:rtncr sub-consciousn- pre-existe- 1 .L.r ir - nt tuV, . ' . 'su-npl- . ' 