' . :. iv.w - .... . -- , VV ... father, Titus Billings', family! ..The people put up their little structures of higsas. rapdid. idly, and easily as they could, since they not expect to remain there very long. .'On occasion, we would attend meetings in the Sessions settlement, and as far as we could, all the families would go "We sttiyed there all winter, and in the spring of &AK on ' fr". "Warner and 1 were married. ApriL-JtlMy uncle, Patriarch Morley, performed the ceremony at my father's house. About June 1st, we moved back to Salt Lake City, "where my father and my husband sawed logs to prepare the boards for our first dwellings. They made the shingles by hand and we enjoyed the distinction of having the first shingled roof in the place. We lived in a tent for six weeks before moving into our house. We had a grand celebration of the 24th of July. There were twenty-fou- r voting ladies, representing the occasion. Sister Amanda McKwan led them. They .were all dre.ssed,.in white, some of them wore sashes of fed, and some of blue, and they represented the national colors. We had no sooner moved into our house and my parents were preparing to "enjoy it, and we had taken our first breakfast there fall, when we went to conference on the nth of October, and .there was a call issued from the stand to my uncle. Patriarch Morley, my father, Titus Billings, my husband, Brother Warner, Brother Charles Shum-waand others to go to Manti to open up a settlement there. The spot where the city of Manti now stands consisted only in those days of sage brush and Indians. The meetings held very little interest for me the rest of the day, since T was thinking how sad it would be for us to go into a new section where there were only sage brush and Indians. When we reached home, my father asked my mother what she thought of' our Sister Smith, young Joseph's mother. of our call, and she answered that we had never One time there was a stampede .cattle, as they were mralled within our refused a call yet, and 'it was too late to do wagons, and bursting over the wagons, and so now, but I expressed the opinion that I demolishing some of them, they killed a did not want to go, and, moreover, that I small child. Such were some of the 'sad would not go, to be eaten up by the Indians. events of our journey. We would see herd I was not feeling very strong, and the situafter herd of buffalo, crossing our path, ation looked very dismal and gloomy to and coming quite close to our wagons. In me. My husband looked at me in surprise fording' the streams, we sometime had when I ventured" the remark that not go, and he Said quietly,. "Oh. I think difficulty, but never any serious mishap. Often it would take our party a whole (lay you'll go." Well, I did. and 1 do not think-- have rea river, since the return would have to be made to help the others, over. In gretted it. I believe that if we had not several instances, my mother acting as obeyed the counsel and done our dutv, we midwife, lelivered women in confinement, 'would not have received as man v. blessings' and there was no interruption to our jour- from the Iord'as we did. . The house which my father built, in Salt ney, since mothers and babes continued the Lake City was sold to Brother Ileber C. trip right along with us. But oh ! the joy and pleasure I shall never Kimball, and with the money obtained from forgot when we reached a hill, from the that, we were enabled to fit out for the summit of which we caught' our first view trip to Manti. : After living in Manti for-of the Salt Lake valley, the promised land. number of When we reached the valley, the teams years, my father and mother moved to were halted, and the people all took up the Provo, Utah, and I followed with 'mv five "shout of hosannah, which.. was repeated living children, in the course "of a few three times.' .We camped with the Test of months. I then went to live with my parthe party in the valley of the Great Salt ents and I was glad to have a few months .of quiet ajid rest after the exciting times in Lake, and my father made arrangements-tt get a city lot. This lot, upon .the laying-ou- Mantr. With the exception of a year,- which of the city afterward, was found to be working in the temple at Manti, and reWe .which-located in the Sixteenth ;ard. enjoyed-vermuch, I haveJived about for in Lake two Salt mained almost uninterruptedly in. Provo.. City My days weeks, wdien we moved to the mouth of in this city have been in spent quiet and North Canyon, about eight 'miles north of leisure among my children and friends. I the city, to what .was then known as Ses- joined the Parents' Class of the Fifth ward sions settlement. There were four families also the Relief Society of the Fifth ward! living there, after we arrived? two Barthol--omeas it was then the Fourth ward, and took ait families, a Tyler familv, and mv active'part in the discussions of those or "desert one ofthe carlv pioneers to 'cross the with Brother Kimball. My brother came hack to W'intoMjiiartcrs with roller, Unchain Young and- Brother Ileber Kimball, am ju the spring mv father, mother, my V. Billings. Mr. Warner hro.ther, Geoj-gstarted for the kocky .Moun-tainaand invM-lAly brother was net with us allthe time, since it was necessary for him to. drive Helen Mar . Whitney's 'carriage most of the way. She was not feeling very well, due to the fact that she had recently lost a child. This sorrow so preyed upon her mind that it was, necessary to have some one with her all the time to mm fort and console her. She was a very devout woman, and the brethren, all of whom loved and reand she spected her, administered unto her became more reconciled. My lather was comcajtfain of fifty in Brother Kimball's be had. pany. When there was no wood to I I gathered buffalo chips and a a child enjoyed it. I ako took pleasure in cooking had no other great rethe meak since sponsibility. One time, while cooking supthe per over a fire of buffalo chips on ground, my clothing took fire, and had it for 'my brot her t Irnrgc, w 10 came nT.fl up. with a bucket of water just then and threw it over me, I should have been burned to death. On the trip I rode when 1 pleased and walked when I wished, so the journey was not so tiresome to mv. The present Smith, .president of the Church. Joseph and his mother were members of Brother Kimball's party of fifty and the young Joseph was old enough to drive a team for his widowed mother. We fortunately had our trip and usually two cows with us-owe had plenty of butter to supply our needs, but sometimes the amount would fall short, in which case we would buy a pound from - I e .- t C 1 in-th- 1 e H-e- y. 1 n to-cro- ss 1 -- - ganizations, and for a while I was a teacher in company with Sister McKwan in the Relief Society. In the early days the for the Relief Society were in the form" of soap, meat, tlour and other heavy articles. So we .were often burdened with heavy loads when we were going around-iour line of duty. have forty-eiggrandchildren, and contributions 1 ht great grandchildren, my ..Mist thirty-thre- e being fourteen year- old. I have two sons living in Provo. u. in Castle Valley, Kmery county, one daughter I in Provo, and one in Salt Lake ("it v. am living at present in Provo with mv oldest son, John A. Warner. My "parents in are bnriul in Provo; they passed away the cemetery there. I should like to revert here to my work-i' the Manti temple. I. had been very ick. and when the sixers came to wash and anoint me, they could get no testimony to whether I was to live, or not. So that night I prayed fervently to the Lrd to how unto'ne whether I should live or die. and I had a dream which to me clearly pointed I dreamed I do. the way as to what should that I was in an unfinjshe(l house, standing on a plank with empty space below it. I saw my mother enter the room, and since I was quite chilly, she took her cloak and threw it over my shoulders. When I remonstrated, she merely smiled amPpassed on. Soon a large dog entered through the ame door which had admitted 'my mother, and me to full conjumped upon sciousness. Then I knew what it all meant. knew that I was to live and that the open, unfinished house meant that my work was incomplete and I concluded that I inut go forward and complete it. All my days, since embracing this Gopel. I have tried to live my religion and to be strong and faithful. I trust that I may ever live faithful and that I may endure to the end. I have been wonderfully blessed, and d am now in my year, with the knowledge that I suffer very little with any of the special senses, my hearing being very slightly impaired. I have very little bodily infirmity except sometimes a slight ache m I can walk about the lower limbs,-bthrough the city with considerable ea-attribute all the power which I nowpossess to the influence of the holy spirit, which has not deserted me, anil I believe that I have been able to keep in close communion with that holy spirit through the power of prayer w hich I have exercised unceasingly. Eunice Biluxcs Sx'W great-grandchil- - d n -- me.-arousin- g 1 "eighty-secon- ut NOTES AND NEWS. V a . . o - -- y t w I e. , President Thomas of Bryn Mawr is scheduled to speak to the Rhode Island Branch of the Association of Collegiate Alumnae on suffrage. This is the first time, to the knowledge of the writer, that the subject will be presented to , the college women of Rhode Island as a body, y results are anticipated by the College K( Mirt rage League. . A California judge, ill fining a woman $10 for speeding in her auto, is reported as he saying that if she had not been a voter woiild not have punished her. AVe know of no State where women are legally exempt from punishment for this or an v other of-- tense because they lack' a" vote". , . : 