Vose had risen to her feet and with the same complacent dignity that liad characterized her throughout her whole life, she inter--loc- dt "My dear brother, these men are our guests for tonight, do not expose our family affairs to them; nor here before these young people. . Ixt us speak' soberly together and apart if needs he." Edward Laselle looked like one amazed ; he had also risen to his feet when Mr. A'ose accosted him in that : recriminating tone, iii fact he had expected a scene of somcsort, though until he entered the house that evening he knew not if Dorothy was living or (leadjior whether the jdacc was in possession of any he had formerly been acquainted with; but he had been sent out Into the New England. States to preach the Gosjl and his footsteps had " led him there. The explanations that followed that night were satisfactory as far as was; now possible.. Alone in the old familiar.parlor where they had sat many an evening in "the long, ago," though somewhat modernized now, Edward Laselle and Dorothy Vose, with jicr brother, talked over, .the events of the lives. "past 'so closely interwoven She explained to him how only a few days before she had found the lost ring, then the unopened letter, though she did not mention the auburn curl ; Edward betrayed much more emotion than she did, and Mr. Vose was perhaps quite as much astonished as cither. Mr. Laselle did not offer any solution of the unexplained mystery,- noi AT II 11.) 171111 J1IIKU IIV U.IU ;f II .'ll.'J t VliJ linnet seemed fearful, of venturing upon untried ground ; but Dorothy, who had seen him in a dream, inquired what his mission was,' and wfyat txok he a urnler his..ann-v;he- n "he came into the "room." Thus a conversation began that lasted for hours and was renewed again in the early morning. When Aunt Dorothy retired for the night she had much to reflect upon that was new to her. It was tlfe beginning "of the fulfillment of her dream ; she was impressed with me lesumonv norne 10 ner ov me .ior-- . mon" Elder and so was her brother; they believed the truth as soon as it was made known to them. How wonderful it all seemed! Had Mr. Laselle arrived at the house previous to the discovery of the letter he would have been turned away without a hearing, but the finding of the ring and the letter had so softened the-- , heart "of Miss Dorothy, that she was willing to bury all old grievances and make him welcome. It was not long before all the household Were ready for baptism and as Aunt Dorpthy tlreamed so it came to pass; that the ice was cut upln thc. woods between the biyr rocks and there on a peaceful Sabbath morning one week from the date of their arrival the whole Vose family were, baptized by Edward Laselle, the "MornMn" Elder. The Elders had remained in that vicinitv during the week preaching every evening and expounding thr doctrines of the Church as opportunities offered. There were several others besides the Yosf7aTTri-l- that received of the baptism,- and ere long " Church was organized. '. Before Ed ward Laselle leit the neighborhood he sought an interview with ATiss Dorlie othy Vose which she granted him! learned when she was baptized that she?, was still only plain Miss Dorothy V'ose, and desirous naturally more, and yet he felt lie had no claim upon her confidence. The interview he sought was . yith-.thei- r - VJ. 11V- - y IN HONOR OF SljTKR Kf.I.JJA A.V cheerfully granted him in the old parlor, and there he told the story of his lifc;.'. Whereas, In the allwisc providence of ,v:: Not obtaining any reply to his letterand ratner 11 Jias pieascu mm to o., "confidently believing her to be too proud to jlcavcniy midst Sister Eliza Ann Okcrhn.t our irom relent, or perchance in love with another, he second counselor of the Relief Society in tju had asked Mary Stacy to' be his wife and' Loa ward. it resolved that in the she had consented without hesitation or Therefore, be of our -- beloved sister, wc, a'waj "Immediatelyaflertheir and members of said association, marriage they had taken "the Western of a wise counselor and a cheerful and fever" and had goncout toOIuo. .. , Joving.associate. Sister Lida was ever ready at the call ni There at an early period after the Church" matter what her physical sufferm; was established in Kirtland he had heard duty,-nShe carried hot only her been. have might the Gospel and embraced it, am ever since own burdens but lightened those of thcr. that time he. had been a firm believer and The needy and the' suffering ones always found he was in her "A Ministering Angel" in the trucl advocate of its 'principles.---Whesense of the word. Her gentle presence filled called to go out as a missionary his appoint.,-- . itou" with comfort and delight. ment was to the New England States, and v Resolved, That we mourn the loss of Sister his inclination had led him to visit the Okerlund and appreciate the worthy example scenes of his youth. set by her. Wc, her sisters and to her bereaved husband and children extend number dead a 'Mary his wife had been heartfelt and pray God to comour dJ years, his "daughters had kept house for fort them in sympathy their great sorrow.', him, but thev were all married now and he It lie Further Resolved, That one copy of ' was quite alone. resolutions be presented to. the family . these . And so in the same old parlor Edward of the "deceased, one copy sent to her son Ivin. and Dorothy forgave each other, "kissed who has just departed to fill a mission t6 the Eastern States, a copy be sent for publication and made up;" we will leave the rest to the to the Woman's Exponent, and one copy be readers' imagination and only tell them placed on file in our Relief Society. y that this time thev married, and Dorothv Wc, the following, sign in behalf of thc,La consoled herself with the thought that had Relief "Society. Jamima Hood, it not been for the misunderstanding beEmily Blackburn, tween them, Edward would probably not Rosa M. Lazenby. have been a "Mormon," "nor would she have had the privilege of hearing the glad tidings. And if she had not found the Sid The Bishop of Oxford at the Represenlove letters, she would have allowed her brother to send him awav that Sabbath tative Church Council in England a few days made a motion to include the votes ot evening as he fully intended to do. There ago, women in the election of representatives in might be another story written on their married life and 'what happened, but we only various church conferences: He added that, nine-tentof the add, that the;Voscamily gathered. with the as women w ere doimj Saints along with many others from that work 6f the cluffch, their, exclusion from the right to vote on matters which so intimate-l- v E. P. W. vicinitv. and obviously concerned them was reallv 'l scandalous. - . - pa--Tin- an-beref- t . . " : he-wa- s of-learnin- g J , o s, . -- X.: hs It impossible to express,, in words, the deep regret we feel in not being able at this time to bring out a woman's magazine suited to the needs and conditions of the. women 0 the Relief Society, which is the most representative organization of its kind in the world. We most cordially invite the members of this Soci-etand more particularlv the .vounger women, to contribute articles to the paper on such subjects as are suited to the young mothers, also poems and other literary matter namely, short stories, etc. The lives and, experiences of Mormon women are reg that plete with incidents for all would interest those who delight in ver satile reading. Tins Editor. is utterly SCHOOL IN NURSING ' AND OBSTETRICS v, story-tellin- - IN MEMORIAM. Eliza Ann Okcrlund. a faithful worker in the Relief Society; died on June 22, 1912, and tlievLoa ward Relief Society lost one of its most beloved workers. In her honor the following resolutions were passed: - " g R K. THOHA S DR. MARGARET C. ROBERTS will commence her school in Nursing Monday, Course continues eight September 23, 1912. months. Class in Obstetrics will start Octo- ber 10, 1912. (Those who study Obstetrics arc required to attend the Nurse Class. No extra . charge.) Terms for Nursing. . . . ... . . $25.00 .'. Terms for Obstetrics. . . ... . . . : ..$50.00 Approximate cost of text books, $5.00 to $8.00 . Every young woman may not wish to be a Nurse, yet to knowv herself physically is imThe instructions portant to every woman. in these classes will better prepare given woman, for. the high duties of wifehood and. ; motherhood, For further information) write to' - DR. MARGARET G ROBERTS, Bell Phone"2002. 79 C St., Salt Lake City. ro MAIN STREET, SAUI LAKK tllY. 67-6- 9 The most beeominer Styles in Ladies' Suits, Coats, Dresses, .Skirts, and Waists at Popular' Prices. . . . ' : GAN FEEL AT HOME 