WOMAN'S Woman's Exponent WELLS, Editor and Publisher MMELINE 11. WELLS CMiVmV. Auutant Editor. A XXIE Published monthly In Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms: 50 eta. one" copy one year, $1.00; one copy six months, No reduction made for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, extra for postage trie year, 25 cts. AdvertlsinK rates: Each square, ten lines of 3.00. A liberal space one time 12.50; per month, discount to regular advertisers. s non-parl- Exponent offie rooms '28 and 2'J, 2nd floor Bishop from Hulldlng, 40 North Main Street, Business hours 10 a. in. to 5 p. m., every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to Mrs. K.- B. WELLS, - Salt Lake City, Utah. mi Entered at tht PottOffie ucond elasi matter. in Salt Lake City, dah March. 1912 Salt Lake City, Utah EXPLANATORY. It is perhaps unnecessary to state that for all the contents of this number of the Exponent the editor herself is not responsibut a ble. The fact will be word of explanation may be in order. After an editorship covering nearly forty years, during, which she has published biographies, tributes, reminiscences and poems concerning nearly all the leading women of the Church, her friends thought it time the Exponent should say a few things about "Aunt Em" herself. Sister Alice Merrill Home of the General Hoard of the Relief self-eviden- t; Society was particular in voicing this suggestion, and in insisting that the March number of the paper le given largely to a recital of the exercises and greetings of the editor's birthday anniversary; in other words, that this issue should be the "Birthday number." In a moment of complaisance consent was given, and hence the present number, which has been prepared in accordance with what is felt to be the desire and request of many friends. A. W. C. TODAY WHAT OF TOMORROW ? This wonderful age is in every sense of the. word one of intense progressive activity in directions never dreamed of in the past. Some of the discoveries in science and some of the present lines of thought would have been deemed wholly fantastic and impossible by our ancestors. The age is surely here, as evidenced fn the marvels of ingenuity in ' all the various fields of labor, as well in the machinery itself as in the products that can be brought into use in all directions. Women, too, are reaching out into work that will add to the sum of human development and are doing their part in illustrating that the world has reached a stage of advancement in all directions that has been by any known century of past history." Of course we still point with great pride to' the Pyramids and many other extraordinary achievements of those ancient days ; we speak with admiration of the rare specimens of exquisite art and literature which have come "down to us; and we- hold in something of reverence those who have left these rich legacies illustrating the stupendous and the beautiful to those who should labo- r-saving " un-equal- - them, but ' riev& mtK Hf:uv, people or touay ocucve udi, about embraces ment in civilization, which and everything, is higher than ever before, arc justified in thinking so from all observation and from all historical data obtaincome ed after able. Take, for example, the great improvement in modes of traveling. Herein is not onlv an additional proof of higher thought and progress, but it affords easier and more complete facilities of examining all that has heretofore existed and comparing it with the works of today. What further results may yet be reached in the rapidity and comfort of transportation is not to be at this time conceived, for who can beimagine or foresee? Who would have lieved, a hundred years ago, the actual triumphs every day seen by us who live in the present age! Almost the only forecast or fantasy had in those days was "Mother Shipton's prophecy," which was a frequent byword, more laughed at than credited. And yet we have come to see many stranger and more remarkable, things than even she dreamed of. We who have lived a long time have seen scores of marvelous changes in these United States. Formerly there were no railroads, and people adopted as the cheapest, easiest and quickest mode of travel the waterways of the country. They traversed these in n and ships schooners and sloops. Then came steam, and soon thereafter the railroads were built ; improvements being made on every new invention until the progress became bewildering in its rapidity. Our cooking was done over an open fire place ; if the fire went out, there were no matches, and one must run to the neighbor's for coals, or strike fire with steel and flint. Illustrations might Je multiplied without number, if this would not be tedious. Yet even then people were happy, perhaps in greater proportion on the average, than' they are today; for happiness, after all, does not consist in worldly wealth. However, most of us vastly prefer the improvements and all the advantages of modern life. Certainly the world's advancement in all directions of progress and development has been miraculous; and now the question arises, after attaining such heights, what more is there to acquire in the material world? In the development of the race or races of mankind there is a wider field for present-day endeavor than anywhere else. In this direction the people have come far short of attaining perfection. True, there are not so many barbarians, at least not so many left alive, as once inhabited the earth, nor can it be disputed that in modern times there are people that have arrived at a very high state of excellence of mind and body and heart. It is a sad fact, however, that these are the exception and not the rule. When we consider the condition of the masses, and reflect upon the great enlightenment of this century, truth demands the admission'that at the best we are not nearly so much improved as human beings as we ought to be. This subject, therefore,, the- betterment of the race, vast and delicate as it is, offers an. inviting field for the best efforts of pen, and thought, and activity. Sociology in its largest and best sense old-fashion- ed "V P5NKN7 wind-drive- N - ;vts us an idea1 of what is nec:tut . tell hmv nnr tnw rnrmA w tvvi v Aliiv nkvavs J There conditions. is, however, a "Imrh. ing Ann vvs-- -- r cr intelligence" to which the Latter-daSaints have access, which can show us the which' wi may better and surer way-to- y eventually arrive at some permanently reforming influences that will help redeem mankind. After all, one of the greatest needs is that of looking inward as well as outward. Let us study ourselves aud Sce 'wherein we conKi short where we should excel. While we look outward for great things in this beautiful world of ours, we should also look inward, into our own liarts and find out how to correct our own errors and .shortcomings, and to exercise that true charity which is the crowning virtue of human life in its association with hu manity. We should strive to be mindful of those around us in those particular walks of life where our own lot is cast. It is far 'better to live a life of purity and uprightness even in obscurity and to seek for wisdom to conquer our own faults and vanities, than to shine resplendent in the eves of the world at large because of some great victory or achievement. Without the humility and charity that creates happiness within our own souls we shall be poor indeed; possessing these virtues, we." are rich and great. Holding these uppermost and firmly, it is not only legitimate but praiseworthy to strive for proficiency along any irood line of work th?t will make the world better and life more lesirable: Coming back to the thought witlr which we began: the advancement in human progress makes this agenn which we are living undoubtedly a great one, and the growth of attainment along progressive lines is indeed But we must little less than marvelous. not boast prematurely. While the race has overcome much, there is much still to be done. There are still great and numerous high standards of excellence to be attained. We know that God is at the helm, and He will rule and overrule and direct as scem-etto Him good. There is encouragement and hope for those who have faith in Him and are seeking the advancement of His cause. To these, all things will be made plain in His own due time. Greater light and - y h knowledge, will' be revealed from time to time for the benefit of those who are prepared to receive His divine messages, greater than has ever been manifest heretofore. Therefore as the present age surpasses those of the past, so will the future far exceed in that which pertains to human happiness and perfection the conditions which we are prone to dwell upon with such satisfaction and pride today. V - . IN MEMORIAM. EMMA SMITH WOODRUFF. One more of the valiant and faithful workers among the women of Zion has left us, passed on to the higher, better, me. Again we are called to mourn. One of the noble leaders in the Relief Society has laid down the burden of earthly care and joined those loved and gone before in the mansions of our heavenly Father. On the early morning of 'March 3rd, Sister Emma S. Woodruff bade farewell to had Erathc her dnverl rmc wAir ered at her side, and sweetly as a c hild erwr-fArc- r 