'- -on vr. woman's, and to the great duh'ght 'of the lad, Cliarfes Here a allow ffi to again attend school. !e found more congenial .companionship than Hob Fagin and the boys of his earlier acmianitance., Here also he proved him--el- f apt, but what fie learned in school lite drs not appear to have affected hi- - work like his necessary laliors did.' He entered ;i a clerk the office of Fdward l51aekmore, Inn. with whom he aii attorney of Gray stayed about two years. His master records that several incidents took place in the nt'liec of which he must have been a keen observer, "as recognized soiiu- of them in his 'Pickwick and W'icklcby' and I am much mistaken 'if some of his characters had I well rememnot their originalidn per-u- d shorthand ber." In ome way he and at the age of nineteen gained admittance to the gallery of the lhu-- e of ('ominous reorting in succession jor the True Sun, the Mirror of Parliament, and the Morning i'iroitiele. It was doubtless dur- . - 1 -- ma-teie- ing his das as a newspaper reporter that he gained his intimate knowledge of coach- ing ilas and coaching ways which o charm the readers of "Pickwic.k." Dickens made his first in December. appearance in print in tlkvpagcs of the Old Monthly Magazine, with "A Dinner at Poplar Walk." afterwards included in Sketches by I'.oz under the name "Mr. Minns and his Cousin." That first apjearance in print was a threat day for the world, and for him, w ho walked W estminster Hall "lecaue his eyes were so dimmed with joy and pride they could not bear the street, ami were not fit to -- . be seen there." It is not necessary to go into detail concerning the issuing of different articles in different magazines ami papers, but from, this time on Dickens multiplied his literary contributions, though for a time he continued as a reporter. It was a memorable time. in Dickens's career when he issued his first It was "Sketches by Poz." in two book. volumes, and at the same time ''Pickwick" bewail to appear in monthly instalments. On April 2nd, 1836, Dickens married Catharine Hogarth, from whom in later years he separated. Mr. ( i. A. Sala describes Dickens's personal appearance at this time in the following graphic manner: "Go to MacliseV canvas and ponder over that exquisite delineation of the young man with the long, silky hair, the fascinating smile, and the marvelous clear and inquiring eyes ; that was the Charles Dickens who, in high satin stock and double breast pin, in glossy-froccoat and velvet collar, in cut velvet waistcoat and glistening chain was in the early days of Queen Victoria's reign one of the best looking and best dressed young fellows alxut town." ' With .complete publication of the "Pick wick Papers" fame came to Dickens with k -- , overwhelming suddenness and he undertook more work than he could well carry out, having begun "Oliver Twist" and "Nicholas Nickleby;" so immediately leaped into high popularity the lad who so few- years before had followed a jnental employment in a blacking warehouse"; Pew advances of fortune have been so rapid, and it is memorable that jpickens's farrte-a-nd popularity never waned nor ceased during his lifetime, and wherever he traveled or lived he w as ahvavs sought after and admired. Y 1 As a man he was generous and lovable, counting among his "dearest friends the most - - " .expqnesvw? ' ? . ,i 1 i ... V, .A V' As a father lie was elopement ; in fact; if you are ever ver.v and somewhat depressed in spirit, pickim gentle, tender and companionable, his children adored him. Hi daughter Mamie very "I'ickwick" ami read a few paragraph will certainly dispel the. blues, lie "was-lovingly describes their home evenings, telling how her father tsang and danced and master incvery line tragedy, pathp, c,u. acted with his family like a child himself. edy and ilarcc. 'For tragedy read " MU.r Twist;" for pathos, "Dombcv and Dickens was not kindly disposed towards other lauds than his own. so as a traveler "Little Dorrit,? and "The Old CurWitV he was not above criticism. Always ready to Shop;" tor tarce, "Pickwick." Iu criticize other, he was a Britisher through tive narrative Dickens has no equal. i js . i ...... i ..i . .. li.'.n l,: i .Amermm si miii to Mini and through. He made two trips iniii iiuu his cuai ac; arc and he caricatures that with greatlv ex.; ica, and was received lxth times Open draw rates everything; yet to cancan, arms and the greatest enthusiasm by the fine which of a one might well bart American people but after his return from ud. hi- - first American tour, he very harshly and. That he exaggerated greatly is doub;;: he had a keen perception of eccentricitv a: the the Americans felt, unjustly criticized both tinfteli country, the people and their customs. .genius to draw it. The remark when some his character on American himself he that Still queer says nil, Dickens could have described v:iii!" famous felt than he ever nearer to being trip As a matter of fact human life in his liiV; when on the street he was .::any who-said- , few there "Mr. but a are Dickens, by lady topped geniuses l.r. w ill you let me touch the hand that has it. Another criticism of "his w tray tilled my house with tunny friends?" that. he had few or no good women '"iiar-- : Dickens went .m the continent for change, acters. True, there are not main the and rest many times, and began the writing heroic kind such as Shakespeare and Sc tt of some stories there, but was never able to .portray; but for trite womanliness thei. are in complete them there, aying that he missed many, Ik 11a Wilier and Lizzie of the numlkTs on the houses, the throngs "l Hir Mutual Friend," Agnes and D;;; and people and other things that London propoor unfortunate Fmily in "Davit! (.': seemed-iwas there among the vided and it That he drew his" characters from smoke and noise that he gathered the charpeople he knew is well known, and "David acter studies which his genius portrayed. Copperlield," hLs ottn favorite book, - found Throughout his life Dickens had a great to be almost a reproduction of his own life. fondness for the stage and manv have wonAs his father is the original of Wilkin- dered that he did not billow the profession so is his mother the original of Mr-- . for he had undoubted ability in that line and Xickleby, and again she seems to appear often appeared in amateur performances, Wilfer in "Our Mutual b'riend'" nut and in later life when he traveled through an. exaggerated character either, a the provinces and to America and gave readwith some education and position, finding ings from his own work he charmed the h'erselLin reduced circumstances naturally public with his readings and it is said he resent samhing like patronage from the made more money in that way than in writnewly ricfRldr. and Mrs. Poffin, especially he was His work died, increasing-anwhen she feels their wealth is obtained at ing. as he had said he wished to. in the harness ; the expense of her daughter's, misfortune; innocentfor it was while writing "The Mystery of yet for two lovable, whole-hearteKdwin Drood," in his fifty-nintdear creatures commend me to year.' fie -minded as he had was buried quietly and privately Mr. and Mrs. Boffin. in in Westminster the Poets' Corner wished Dickens was truly one of the .world's Shakeof Abbey, close to the monuments great characters himself. W e love the man speare, Chaucer and Dryden. through his works, and his works' through Dean Stanley, in speaking in Westminster the man. . C. A. said: "He whom we mourn was the friend of. mankind, a philanthropist in the true NOTES. sense, the friend of youth, the friend of the poor, the enemy of every form of meanness The daughter, of the Govand oppression. Xo English writer save ernor of Tennessee is said to be a "militant possibly Shakespeare. ha-- drawn so many suffragette," while neither of her parents Characters that have become household claims to be in favor of suffrage. A twelve-year-ol- d w ords." Characterization w as his chiefest school girl in Kansas is reported as gift, whilst plot was his great weakness. in behalf Most novelists find first a plot and weave addressing large school meetings of votes for women. A girl in the story around it, bringing forth characthe cause ters to aid and develop the story, while Lqs Angeles did heroic work for during the California campaign; and a liule Dickens's books are almost entirelv without twelve-year-old actress in New York holds plot ..Some critics .claim that the lack of suffrage meetings between acts at the theplot is probably due to the fact that his novaterels were published in serial form and as the issues appeared he found new subjects and Fraulein Gertrude Wocker,, of characters f at any rate it was his way and thirty-thre- e years old, has just taken up her a true genius has to" have a way all his own. at To some readers the lack of plot is very post as professor of natural .philosophy the. University of Leipsigyin Germany, havacceptable, for one can pick up a novel of Dickens and turn to almost any chapter and ing been called there by the German govShe is-tyoungest;; accredited .he amused or touched-jusas the subject ernment; professor at a university in Germany, and may be ; especially is this true of 'Tick-wick.- " the only woman to hold such a place. The For instance, it' is not at all necesCountess yon' de Ladevaden .was nominated sary to read the" .whole "book to 6fljo?i anyas at the University of Bonn., but thing so amusing as Sam Waller's Vaien-- '' theprofessor university authorities refused to sanction tiiieror Pickwick's trial in the'suit for damthe so Leipsig wins the hisages by Mrs. Bardell, or Mr.. Winkle's toricappointment, ::: credit. notable men of the day. tj , de-erip- . . .' . . - ... : er-o- '- - i - ' ' ; : : - -- . ha-phase- s, -- -- IK-xa-- per-tield." t Mic-awbe- r, rs. -- d d, h' nine-year-o- ld ten-year-o- ld -- T-erne-. -- he t - 