i I RELIEF SOCIETY REPORTS. r. ROWAN 'sjTAKi:. 1 . tion. in goud Condi- . After the forenoon meeting an excellent luncheon was served at the ward hall Indie sisters of Cedar City. A good spirit prevailed during the day and evening, and fere nee was verv much enjoyed by all present. . thon Lkna . re a sixteen davs had been " spent m the h tuple by kelicf Societv sisters from Hie l.ear River Make. - short time. mg ty-th- Parnsworth of.the General liuard were and gave some excellent ounm-Iinstructions and encouragement t tin- vjs urs:. bine musical numhers were rendered during the three meeting held. aN, very good papers read. Several other god speakers occupied a . . lie Parowan Stake conference convened I edar City. May 27, VH2. presided uver iy 'resident .Mary E. Ollcnou, with her and Stake hoard all present. Sisters Emily S. Richards and lulia I'. 'Ihe Stake was reortcd . the openinlir and vof afternoon session" prayei M V. I'rrI;lent Manning gave a verv tlu' condition .of the ;ly. l."u- n'I",:i n the Sueivty Stake, showing bv the 'Ivndid attendance at the monthly officers' that the sisters are interested in juytmg work. dollars was read ily iiiven and A j warded for the relief of tlie llood and famine sufferers. During the "-- 4 J l. u; ...Vl He ultered ilu-- i.ii ''"V1" . - I . i . 'lis. 1 . i i i . i i ; 1 in the Relief Societv. Sisters Home and" McClelland each very Stake Secretarv. ably addressed both sessions of the conference. Sister McClelland, having been a 11 NT AH STAKK. missionary, cited many interesting incidents connected with her work and especially in terested her audience with a detailed account The conference of the I'intah Stake Reot her visit to Xauvoo and surrounding lict Societv was held in Jensen ward June ' 2. V2. places connected with the early history of Saints. Sister Home, in There were resent on the stand Stake the Latter-da'resident "Don P. Colton and First Coiin- - speaking of individual possibilities, said: "We all have them and it is for us to deseior David Henniou. Patriarch Xelson .Merkley, members of the High Council, the velop them and help to develop them in Ward Uishopric and many others besides the others. We can all go to Heaven if we Heart." Renedictiou. Alice' M. Home.' Stake officers of the Relief Societv. After want to, and we can make Heaven here on earth by right living. We should look for the opening exercises and the administering K S ESS O X ) the beautiful in nature and. in the whole f the sacrament the meeting was turned Singing. "Awake. Ye Saints of God, over to the Relief Society, Stake I 'resident world." During the afternoon" session, Sister Kssie Awake.' Xancv M. Colton presiding. I 'raver, Elder S 1. Hale. Sister Colton reported the Stake work L. Foulger very beautifully rendered the the Peace the (lospel Singing, "Sweet vocal solo, "Babylon,"' and Master Earl ajid gave good instructions to the sisters. J rings." Kvans gave 'a piano selection in an able She drew attention to the Sego lily, which Sacrament was next administered. . was used in profusion for the decoration and manner. There were present 3 bishops and ft)? tAn excellent spirit prevailed during both referred to the time when the people in dire distress had found that the root of this plant sessions of the conference and those who people. Reading, "A Thread of Thought," by contained nourishment and had probably gave parts on the program were attentively Melissa Maughan. listened to by the audience. prevented suffering" 'when the people had Mrs. A. Hyde expressed joy at Jennie During the intermission a refreshing used it for food in the earlv settlement of lunch, that had been prepared by the sisters seeing so many of the priesthood and such the state. ' from the various wards, was served by the a vast audience present spoke of woman's A sketch of the. life of Eliza R. Snow was power, the Savior breaking her estate of ( iarland Relief Society, sisters. given by Mrs. Annie K. liartlett. Instruc Julia A. Richards showed thralldom, and advised her to live tip to her tive nnrl rntprfnininpr remarks were made her thoughts and love were with" us privilege and merit all blessings. Asked all that 15. ColDon President Zina Mrs. by Dudley, to seek the .better part, the gifts of the some beautiful flowers which ton. Bishop Archit; Richardson and others. by sending the room and the spirits, of those gospel and become broader and better. musical brightened fine a pro.the. services During Solo, "Fear Xot Ye, (.) Israel," Sarah present, rendered. gram was Gerard. AYe were also made glad bv the message Fn F.r.K A. Merkley, Alice M. Home spoke of her early life; Em" and the General Board' from "Aunt Secretary. for ah education; desire and that their love and blessing were extended her "Everv soulstruggle who comes to earth has said, in our work. us to STAKE. BEAR RIVER thc power to progress and .gain knowledge Alice S. Larson, if they will but try;" spoke of tlie blessings Stake Secretary. was held at The it is our sorrows often are; how God-lik- e at 1912, the Garland. Social Hall; Jan. 12, to 'reach out. a' helping hand to those in disONEIDA STAKE. 10 and 2 o'clock respectively. Stajcc Presitress; advised all to seek --for truth" and dent Milton II. AYelling, Bishops K. 1L Minutes of annual conference of the grasp- all' opjWtumties. State School Superintendent Xelson "of S ake-- ehe of .the Stake Religion Class, Sisters A.l.cC" Oneula Utah spoke on education. .Among other ake ho use, r.s 19 1912 of on,,May McClelland, Sarah and Merrill Home good things , he said : "Every individual . . Pn ifipnt- ninsa li. iensonvirLsiuiiiw. i , n , were prese the.Oeneral JKjard, Hohfc alK, owes it to himself and his fellowman to dea ano .M. find his. 'true vocation." itake Board members A H de of .the r..ncrai Board Stake velop himself' and - from Jcnme members:and officers resentation of S. Geddcs, other leading "Every true mother is a queen in the earth." Toseph President each pf the twelve societies. General and Stake officers were sustained. and ,310 people. brethren, preW. Manning President f argaret Singing, ''Grant l.'s Peace." furnished by tlie take The of ' singingwas mid prayers closing sided. The opening Benediction, by Coun. Taylor. : Charles Engar. Singing, Prof under choir Bishoffered by PiiKin: A. f. IIcXiel, the forenoon session, were f Is Reioice,4' etc. Prayer, Elder T.pt ' Secretarv. .'' H. Fridahl and R. G. Wtt respecMountain ops "Oar Singing, Urson. and John while Sister "Mary A, Green C. Morris, ; 1 . y I - I I I : I ( ; " 1 . ; Kx-Fresid- ent ? . scmi-annualxonfere- - ' J milS " I . vj juu -- -- . . "W X tively, - rt re-lM'- - Make Treasurer Anna W. liaison con- ... tniuen an cxrrciM illustrating the " Jioine Ju.1. a beautiful store, show- " k. in: the astin; niiuence.of early stories, song, thought' e: .. on vounr iium k rave i practical t. rv that correlated with tHe .song, ".Sweeping and Dusting," which the congregation sang. President .Milton If, Welling made encouraging remarks and commended the sisters for their faithful and energetic work 1 Ifome So Dear.' Roll call denoted 20 societies represented. ; IVesfdent Benson welcomed all 'aud gave a brief general which denoted" progress in the 'Mothers work a'ud increase in enrollment. The above uelcome was beautifully responded to by Meda Xcbun. Statistical and financial report for the year ending Dec. M; 1911, read and approved. Secretary 1'hebe A.. M. MeXiel reported the"societies of the Stake as beinim (hoir sang satislactory condition. ' Count Your Rlessiiu's. .. t ii.. auuresseu tne con,me m. iiorne ference on the subject of the Relief Society', bettering the conditions of the home, tlie '.world, and of its power to give cheer and comfort, and of the jower of the individual over self; and said: "Salvation will only be obtained as we conquer self the giant 'greed' must be banished and humility aud charity cultivated." Mrs. Jennie A. lyde gave greetings from President E. !!. Wells to the people of Oneida Stake; was delighted to see so manv brethren present spoke of the loving ministrations of the Relief Society teachers. 'resident Joseph Gcddes appreciated the words of the sisters; sjxkc of the privilege of living in this day; hoped all gloried in the gospel and would live up' to the light within; advised all to be courageous,. and prayerful. President Renou urged the Relief Societies to at once take up the work of assisting the flood sufferers. Singing, "If There's Sunshine in Your . 