f ( ? i V ...... ' . . CONSOLATION. of Lane It. It Clevby 1 I'' I tin ;' a lower common, .save the remembrance of .child- lor girk aiil fiood and early hfe, and the tie of kindred the writer ; winch is never quite dissolved hmuwer far '' "! i!ie ser-I'llives are divided. apart e the ;mome have fallen asleep to wake no more '! in this world, and some now Jar advanced ti; iU .vir.s hve on in a green old age peacefully awaiting the summons which comes in, Wllo alike to rich ami poor, high and low. - Two foith but brave stalwart men (one only a baby then) ,:iij'.il ei In their lives to their gave country, and died :t Mr I! event- "ii the battlefield, in the Civil War. Others ilr more fortunate yuudiaps) were wounded ' ii in pen- and suffered pain,, and hardship, but still .. ,M. i;i!TV ;mt live to tell the story of their many cncouiir bnt en. iMo-lf i ! ;( far-of- lonely f, hill-sid- e babe forever sleens ' ' t .1. iic sun Mimes warm on angels vigil keep. M v :1 . - i ! i think of the mother ....misses that Jjttle . head .11 warm on her bos ,i ne.Mied 'jii now is lying dead. itlicr, I . W I i ! grojc for Thy nuriiosr I, -- mystery lies between Miniliar things about nic the vast and vague unvn ! V-- know a vision beckons. 'tis often hid by know that, prayer una'a-im- ' i our pathjthrougli ,1 I a i; i.ll : i 1. J TI: s, ! i 'U-- e, J o and 1". ik n. ' CEN- - . 1 1 a 7I sweet-voices- : sub-statrt;- ;d ffftcuA . -- . " - - " must separate, ami nauiyuiv mc m1";11 r comes, "When shall we all meet again fhe service in the village meeting-hous- e 'which was suggested in trembling accents but try 011 tin particular day alluded to here, was by the mother of this large family could-no- t quite Very itnposing for a small village; the treble as they would and did, they saddened feeling that came and alto singers were all in white, with pale suppress the greeK ribbon and white chrysanthemums, after this comparatively happy day. And been even comparatively so. ' ould jne suppose' to harmonize with the would it have into the: decorations; the bass and tenor wore their if either one could have peered future ? Alas.' no Of all that met on that uflla' Sunday suits with a knot of green still remain rihbo in a hnttnn hole of their vests ; a Thanksgiving 4ay, the few wfio but little in Yankee, of the male persuasion,:) are widely scattered, having . ! . , - as--- ed cpntimpnf then, are festivities afterwards, and plenty b sting. The public service in the mect- ing-- ! .use begun usually at eleven o'clock ni.. and it was always special ; the mom- !nb was observed as sanctimoniously as it v.'.is the Sabbath, by .the - Puritans, but wherr meeting was over, there was a change, cyen in th minister's family. hank-givin- 1 - . d standing their Puritanical teaching. Some, are still Congregationalists, however, and still keep Thanksgiving after the former day homely characteristics nf the time, jiassed oft and others have embraced widely pleasantly: nf the many expected, almost' manner; different faiths. all were present; married soils and daughBut there is a chain known to some of ters with their children, and the vumg bos those who sat around the fireside in that and girls of tin's large family; all dressed rambling old house on that Thanksgiving tor the occasion and in the gayest of spirits day in the "long ago" that will bring that apparently, and yet there was somehow a family group and many another together tinge oi subdued melancholy, onlv percenti- again in the great future, father, mother, !e to those ot prophetic temperament. The sons 'and daughters, with all their numerous day wore away, tlic ciuidren tired out witli posterity however widely separated, and play, were put in bed and the older mcm- w hether they have (lied in foreign lands, or crs grouped around the huge glowing fire at home, or even been buried in the depths 11 .1 T T.I i nine Kiiois. ine maze uicKennr ami nm- of the ocean. And for this precious loon, mermg in tuc great square room, casting the Everlasting Gospel, with its powers and dark shadows in the corners, and against blessings, on this Thanksgiving day 'there the paneling, making one feel that such is is abundant cause for rejoicing, even though an hour adapted specially to telling weird the house is lonely and the heart sad with stories, and singing sentimental songs. memonWof the days that have been, when of of told were stories of adventure, Plenty happiness and 'mirth abounded, and wonderful escapes, by sea, and by land, now forever hushed, were wont to stories of the ships' that went 'down, and make such music as we shall never know soldiers killed in battle, ghost stories and again on eaith, and yet these same sweet tales ot haunted houses, real and imaginary faces- we see as 'twere through the mist of "Black such 'with songs intermingled falling tears, and the voices echo in the bVed .SnW" "The Soldier's Tear ". "The stillness, until we fancy the curtain of the Soldier's Dream," and "many a characteristic unseen is lifted, and we are passing into the love song as well. unknown. 'Midnight found them all sitting singing Aunt Em. around the; dying embers, the pale light of the lamps only revealed paler Jaces, for they were well aware that on the morrow they I ever-tfrec- m; vge long-haire- n te o! tlr uproar. av now and then "let the little exrept 'lies a He. tile V ale llaviii"' their fun n.nc " g dinner, at a long table, in a great Mjuare living room, with all the j These I t le 11 tire-place- -- ;' " iKei ,r - ' f h- 1 s ; - -- VJ f1fl-r- i e'l-kej- .t "rc than half a century ago in a small Vw England village where there was onlv "ne ("liurch" and that was called a mect-n.i'use, because to the Puritans. Church meant the Church of England, from whir! their forefathers were" dissenters, ilianksgiving was a state occasion, with all the aremonials such a The day implied. house was decorated with meeting from the "woods near by, pine branr'nes, and hemlock houghs, and long trni!:;ig vines, that keep fresh under the thick carpet of fallen leaves, with the scarlet red berries that give such warmth and tone to th- more somber, everlasting green; not h :he public places were thus ornamented, but dwelling, houses of the villagers; but here one also finds a variety of late autumn and winter Mowers;; and plenty of good food, for notwithstand- t!i( their 'trcu-- . "M ranibiing house. h.-i- r-- TURY AGO. InCT in i UjiM-tiin-- -- wQll-cook- .t,,d-i!'ely -- u-a ! old-sty- a;i idea ,,f the -r- honors. well-earne- d were the oung men and boys but what of the women, and the girls? Scattered, married, widowed, some with large families, and others with small ones, and still others sleeping the sleep that knows no' waking.. .Were to tell yon all, it would indeed he a romance in realjife w ith plenty of incidents, einhellishu4wilh the charms that weimagine only abound fn fiction. Don't taney, however, that all these young people remained in the Old Bay State Oh, no indeed! '1 hey have been to tlie islands ot the sea, have sailed around the world in great ships to far off India, and eaten raw fish on the South Sea Islands, have told us since ot the beautiful tattooed women of Xew Zealand, and of the darker, mouut, plainer ones oi .Madagascar, l ney do not all believe in one religion, notwith- i canst comfort those in sorrow. canst whisper, "I have known." halt garner crowns of amaranth, "in the seeds that thou hast sown. DAY HALF A s'k,.lcI, - n THANKSGIVING a ters aird their Lreat pen :n;ui!( p;. ml! o running oyer . r b:ea;;a. w nil ia mg an nil ..cailit:- - " "fie ait'ither. games frnm garret t. ' !!ar - nmr t:g ab .ut with 'dnMVr- hread and' tftaple eatinvr all day Ion: 'i"d the w tilling it u ith ii' e alio rati ri:;- - rn; mbs and dirt over tile u doors rirp furniture. All the H";'!!!!- and licit Ml oi ytiung Mamas' and Auntie-- ' of no avail-ul sedate and dig-o'litied the ol.hr namU the family aii' : : m 1 I Of i who i lowlcdge lights the path of duty. thy mission now is plain. little child that leads t!ie. thou forth to cae the pain e suffering world about thee. them they shall live again. A: t ; .ivc .h.-- V,l'. d t i.. t" H;akOhjs !;; tin...- '''''n - didst five s..m thou within "the garden. l:.'west now the crowned f.ne. loll. Tan tOO. ' A a!! the yea- - ! 1 love most high and holy. Hi: it i r el!-"tbr- I, (ues of God above, t... ec tlllt f!J j aillls hhjii itlri i nun icsiiai bond of human love; .- i i sets her seal upon thee. -- t ii . ! The movement throughout' the world in the interest of woman su the men and women of Russia to give more ..The thoughf to the condition of women. Douma recenjlv passed a bill entitling . women tcachersto almost the same pensions for the as men. A bill is pending to provide .extension of the personal property rights of married women and practically insists upon an equality of the sexes. ' 