;3y0lAN;S ' (f? pi y ..J ' vr . ' I V THE "EXPONENT'S" FIRST EDITOR. . (The above picture represents Mrs. L. Lukt llnenc Richards as she appeared forty years ago when the Exponent was first issued. The lowing beautiful poem is her latest literary rtt'ort and was written specially for this anni- : t. rary number. IN MEMORIAM:fs At.hcrllome in Fillmore, April 23, 1912, Isabella E. Robinson departed this life after arujllness of one day. She was the daugh ter ot i'arley P. 'Pratt and Belinda;M. Pratt and was born September 1, 18:54, in Salt Lake City. Her father was one of the early converts to the faith of the Latter-da- y Saints and was one of the original quorum of the 1 welve Apostlcss; he was assassinated while doing missionary work in Arkansas in the Summer of 1857, leaving the subject of this sketch Fatherless in her early childhood. She came with her mother to Fillmore in 1871, where on April 10, 1872, she became the wife of Alonzo Robinson, and bore him twelve children, eleven of whom survive her. She has been a public spirited woman and served the people in all of the Church organizations, and as County Recorder for two terms, and also a member of the Hoard of Education, in which position her aim was for the betterment of the public school system, and higher morals for the youth of Zion. On November 14, 1904 she was appointed to the position of President of Relief Societies of Millard Stake which position she held up to the time of her death. Funeral services were held in the Ward chapel which had lx?en appropriately dec orated, and were conducted by Hishop P. L. Hrunson. Elders A. A. Hinckley, O. L. Thompson ot the Make i residency, Willis L. Kobin-soJ. D.. Smith, C. Anderson and P. L. Hrunson each spoke in the highest terms of the good work and the noble and exemplary life of the deceased. By her death we are deprived of a valiant worker, a loving and devoted wife and mother, and a consistent Latter-da- y Saint. The following resolutions were read by the Fillmore Relief Society: n, . THE ONE PERFECT LIGHT AND POWER SYSTEM. You Arc Invited to Investigate and Take Shares. There is a King whose kingdom, not of earth, Sheds forth a Light of such transcendent worth, Compared therewith all worldly lights are pale; in all that wealth, shareholder you may be; The shares, unlimited, are also free; Humility and honesty prevail, With these two requisites you cannot fail. The King is also God, with Power Supreme; His work is real, no speculative dream; All who invest are furnished work to do; And power to do their tasks, their shares se- - EXPONENT.-".- - ). He it resolved by the officers and members of the Fillmore Relief Society, that .we deepour Moved Stake Presly regret the loss-oident Sister Isabella K. Robinson, and we extend our .sympathy and condolence to the relatives and family of the deceased and say unto them: emulate the. noble characteristics of this good woman. To her children we would say: let her life be your guide. He comforted in the thought that she was good and pure, and that she is now in the presence of God. f . "Mother Dear, sacred name, and sweet; how slow we are to prove, The height. ami depth and deathlessuess of per-fec- Whereas: A loving wife and mother. Sister Isabella E. Robinson, has been suddenly called by death, and Whereas: We take her tender daily care, just as the thoughtless tlowers Look up to God for daily light, because we know 'tis ours. Hut when wc miss, from heart and life, the com- - . fort of her care, Then we must learn to live without her presence and her prayer. 'Tis then the name of Mother is to us a holy . thing; And hovering low, wc seem to feel the shelter of a wing." ht great-grandchildre- n, she-hel- the-fir- st - ! .' ' . v... , LIFE'S GOAL m ' To live1, to work for right and greatest worth, To paint the world in colors lurninant, To bring a reign of peace upon the earth, To make each life's expression jubilant;. v Thus man for God will. make His glory ring In seeking good and truth in everything! char-acte- r, " . t- mother love. y high-minde- 1912. Proverbs 31 :2?-Therefore, Another faithful Relief Society worker passed to the great beyond Sister Phoebe Jones died at the home of her daughter, Mrs. Win. I lill at St. John, Ida.. Monday evening, Eel). 2fth. Mrs. Jones was born at Tredegar, South Wales, in 1841. She joined the Church of Latter-daSaints at the age of fourteen years. When twenty-on- e years of atre she leftdiome and family and im- migrated w ilh the people of her choice, and after a long and perilous journey across the plains by ox teams she landed in Salt Lake City in the fair of '62. She moved to Wib lard, Utah, in '63, and after residing there eleven years, shejfcame to St. John and had been a resident of this place about twenty-eigyeans. She was the mother of eleven children of whom five survive her. Besides her five children, who are bereft of a mother, she leaves -- three brothers and one sister, twenty-si- x grandchildren and twelve and a host of other relatives and friends. She was elected president of the Relief Society ten years ago, which position till the time df her death. She was a mother to the motherless and a frjend to the poor and needy. Many a traveler has found shelter under her roof and none was ever turned away. hungry, as she was always ready and willing to share her mite with all she thought needed it. Funeral services were held at the St. John meeting house Feb. 29, being conducted by Bishop" Monson. Music was furnished by the Malad Tabernacle, choir, r The speakers were Bishop J. P. Harrison, Elders R. J. Harding, of .Malad, and Moses Davis, of Salt Lake City, resolutions: The said Sister Isabella E. Robinson was the daughter of one of the early leaders of cure; To those who serve, large dividends are sure; the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints, Elders Parley P. Pratt, and she her Integrity keeps all both safe and true; Xo one can touch that which belongs to you. self one of the pioneers of early days into this then Western wilderness, and during all N'ot only King and God, but changeless Friend, the years intervening from then until strickTo all who on His faithfulness depend; Have you known friendship know you then en with death she has been a devoted and its source? consistent Latter-da- y Saint, an untiring ft rests with Him, He through His grace imworker, both in temporal and spiritual afparts d fairs: She was an intellectual, Its warmth arid sweetness unto mortal hearts; To prove His friend gives influ'nee of such woman ; a woman righteously "devoted to her ; home and children, a dutiful wife, a loving force, No adverse pow'r can stay the upward course. mother, a hospitable friend and neighbor. She was trusting as a. child, always with O. more than these! The great Instructor, He, Of all true art and science holds the key; an abiding faith in the goodness of God ; she was always humble and lived a simple Inspires all energies that stand for good; the directs and Strengthens the weak, guides honest life. She never complained though strong, but faithful, and subLeads right by wisdom to subdue the wrong; often her lot was hard, He missively struggled on to the very end; alYea, more, stands forth as from in the stood: ways inspiring faith, love, and duty Omnipotent, Eternal Fatherhood Tliearts of all she met. .Her thoughts were her Father. rich and pure,, her mind was a greatstore ot"j iviiu, uuu, in; useful knowledge ; good books were her conThou, With all Thy LigAt and Power, dost allow stant companions. : Truly of this good wombe to Thy faulty, failing child, myself, an may it bV said: She was a noble In the high classes Thou Thvself dost teach, "f hers. was a beautiful life. , , Forgiven, soothed, kept safe within Thy reach her are honor clothing; and "Strength and Fed; clothed, housed, taught, beloved all she shall rejoice in time to come. She open-et- h blessings free Thee! to And near; and nearer, as I write, her mouth with wisdom ; and her tongue L. Lula Greeene Richards. is the law of kindness. She looketh well Salt Lake City, May, to the ways of her household, and eateth hot the bread of idleness. Her children arise up and call her blessed; her husband also, and he praiseth her. Many daughters have done virtuousvl, but thou excelled tlyenr all." d 