WOMAN'S EXPONENT . t-v- : V y. d time. Sorcnsen was grateful to be. present at the sisters', conferences; adjoke of Sifter Wells' capabilities at her vanced age. She certainly had ken blessed in her work. Closing remarks by President Ericksen. Singing, an anthem by the choir. Benediction, by Bishop L. O. Larscn. C. W. . FkANCLS E. ClIRISTKNSKN', ; Stake Secretary. i Il ! CHI.SNK STAKK. Minutes of conference of the Duchesne stake held at Roosevelt July 28, 1912. at 10 a. m.. President Aroetta Holgate presiding After the and conducting the meeting. opening exercises roll call showed 4 stake officers, 16 ward officers, 8 teachers. 2 visitors. 1 committeeman, and Phigh councilor present. President Aroetta Ilolgate addressed the sisters and reminded them to put in practice the instructions that had been given to the Relief Societies atxur previous conference, that is, in getting the young to submothers to join our societies-am- i scribe for the Exponent. All the wards were reported, by the different presidents as in a good and prosperous condition. President Aroetta Holgate addressed the sisters and advised them to continue their efforts in those directions and get all the young mothers to join our Relief Society, and stated that the Prophet Joseph Smith had once said "that every virtuous woman should belong to the Relief Society;" she advised the sisters to follow the plans of study laid down for them and that they should have the books needed in their course of study in their library ; requested the sisters to assist the presiding authority by their faith and prayers. Relief Society Committeeman Duncan V. Marchant addressed the sisters ; he said he had enjoyed his labors and the duty placed upon him; was sorry more brethren did not sense the responsibility placed upon the Relief Society .sisters, and that we should live strong in the faith and do all the good we could Counselor Olive Bingham spoke- - and felt pleasure with the Relief Society work and was grateful for the labors taken up with the young mothers. President Holgate said that the question had been asked, "Was it all right to sell a quilt or anything to the highest cash bidder?" and answered that.it was all right, but not tP raffle them. Questions were asked andT discussed by the sisters. Minutes were read and accepted with three amendments. Singing, "Do What Is Right." Benediction by Sister EvUi MofTfatt. WASATCH Cornelia . , AFTERNOON SESSION. C. Tidwell, Sec. , NOTES ABOUT WtfMEN. A few interesting figures about women , j ": ; Journalists, 2,193. Architects, Designers and 1,037. , of the United States : Census of 1910: Women' Teachers and Professors, 327,635 and Surgeons, 7,399. Women in' Trade and Transportation, Women--Physician- 481,159. ' . Women engaged in Agricultural Pur-suit- s, 770,055. Women Clerks, Accountants and Stenog raphers,, 239,077. R HOUSEHOLD HINTS. Pudding 1 lb. of brown supar, lb. II). of bread crumbs. 1 lb. of raisins, suet, II). of currants, J teacup of citron and lemon peel. 9 etfgs, beat whites and yolks separately. pt. of milk.J oz. each mace, cinnamon ;m'! nutmeg'. Enough flour to make a ;dlpico, nice MitT hatter. Boil from eight to tci. hours first day, and four to six the day t IM'nm 1 1 1 1 1 using. Fruit Cake 1 lb. flour, 1 lb. sugar. 1 lb. but-- ' doz. eggs beaten separately, 1 lb. raisins tt r, eeded and chopped, 1 lb. currants washed and dried, r; lb. lemon peel, sliced thin, 1 lb. in shell f almonds sliced thin or pounded, 2 nut- -' incus, a tablespoonful of cinnamon, lA teaof cloves, a teacup of milk. Beat HHh m f n ! - t - - f am I yoiks oi eggs ioge ner, neat , " lines in a iroui ami ami iasi ueai iiour in gradually and other ingredients, stirring a time or until thoroughly mixed. Bake in moderate oven two hours. French Cream Cake 1 cup of sugar, 1; cups of Hour. 3 eggs, 2 teaspoonfuls of bakine powder, 2 tablespoonfuls of cold water; baki in two pie tins, cut open and spread with custard 'before entirely cold. Cream Filling Beat with a little milk 2 small tablespoonfuls of corn .starch, add 2 stir into halt egg, small cup of white sugar; in double boiler, a pint of boiling milk, cook and when nearly done, add one-hacup of lemon. with vanilla or flavor butter; 1 ' - -- 1 ' ! I -- . I - I A . 1 lf . FOR BOOK OF MORMON STUDY 7 By Vincy R. Barker Prepared Especially for Relief Society Classes Approved by the General Board Designed to give the student a general view and lasting impression of Book of Mormon e lands from the beginning of Nephite and history at Jerusalem and Babylon, Asia, close in America. their to With the arrangement of the map of the World with the WesterTr Hemisphere at the right we see at once all the countries and the "voiveu in uook oi .uoi.i.u.. Jar-edit- Because of the uncertainty and difference of opinion existing in regard to the location of Book of Mormon points only such locations are made as our leading Book of Mormon students seem to harmonize upon, leaving teachers to make minor locations for their own use according to their own interpretation of the . text. Listed upon the map are: 1st. Authority for all locations made. 2nd. Under the. name ' of their respective countries all the cities not located with their reference in the text and date" of first mention. 3rd. The Hills with reference. Large size 24x35 inch, cloth, mounted, $2.00, per dozen, $20.00. Small size, 10x15 inch, paper, 15 cents, per dozen, $1.25. Special ternjs to Stakes desiring, to place small ones in their outlines and large ones in Ward Societies. VINCY R. BARKER , 1144 Washington Ave. Ojrden, Utah , a c rr vIV. T11wn n 1V1 AtXiJ KsJ.. 67-6- 9 SALT main . street, CITY. LAKE The most becoming Styles in Ladies' ts Suits, Coats, Dresses, Skirts,, at Popular Prices. . ' . and-Wais- Minutes of the stake Relief Society ferencc held at Roosevelt July 28, at 2 p. m. After the opening exercises and sacrament the meeting was turned over to the stake ' Voincn in the Professions, 429,497. STAKE. The annual conference of the Wasatch stake Relief Society convened Friday, Aug. 9, 1912, at the stake tabernacle. Kprenoon Session, 10 a. m. President Joannah E. Jensen presiding. Address of welcome, Joannah E. Jensen. Roll call, all the stake officers, 11 missionaries, 30 ward officers, 166 members and a number oi local authorities present. Afternoon Session, 2 p. m. A very interesting program of music, recitations and addresses was rendered, including an original poem called "Aunt Em" by Mrs. Jane Turner. The program was both instructive and interesting The visitors were President Emmeline B. Wells and First Counselor Clarissa S. Williams, both of whom made interesting and instructive remarks. After the conference a public reception was held. - Lawyers, 1,010. r "tic-C- ; President' Roll .'was called, Relief Society officers. showing, 5 stake ofnci'rs, '18 ward officers present. Counselor Olive Bingham gave the. welcoming address and was pleased to see so' many present, ami especially the young mothers, and asked them to come to our Relief Society meetings and join them.-Aftethe wards were reported by the president an address was given by Sifter Ida Kirkham, which was very good and encouraging. She said let us always remember the motto, "Re not weary in well doing." And she stromdv commended this stake for the. assistance rendered the flood and famine sufferers, and gave us many 'good ideas; told many things they had taken up in their society in Salt Lake. Lecture by Sistei Eliza Pack, commemorating the Sabbath Day. Lecture by Sister Alta Cloward, subject, "Public Health." President Aroetta Ilolgate addressed the congregation, telhm the advancement of the Relict Society and ' , . . , , now it Had grown lmm so lew in memncrs to so many; she requested that each society j)rovide the books needed in their plan, of study, and to assist the other auxiliary or ganizations of the ward when possible. President tVm. II. Smart indorsed the remarks and reports of the previous speakers and commended them for the course in trying to get all the young mothers into our societies, lie said our work was not only spiritual but temporal. Conference then adjourned. ClergymenVD."- - Women Women Women Women ' Saints hbs-the Latter-daChurch; pital and the advantages afforded the young , women to get an education in nursing; en-couraged more to take up the profession. Song bv Ida Poulseh. Sister E. .13. Wells spoke of the. great Soeie-- " things done by women and tlie Relief encouraged the girls to marry the right way; joke of building up libraries, supplying church works first; explained the of plan of the Exponent;. the great-neestoring wheat, as great calls were made on the Relief Society for help from time, to spoke of. -- THE STORE WHERE YOU CAN FEEL AT HOME 