WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 18 I i : - - r- 'vitt luWiaCtfties most hon-- : l 'S the stake presidcncvl . '.:.. our of. thcWcbcr stalcelinarlcs "orcrt anrf octovva mvthsi Israel.-now she w tow Sister Richards has beaut mil Wilding; related Tho an epoch in Relief Society lu$flry. She and" a comfort cheer" to poor family , he was the. first stake "woman- officer. hp the lived in retirement at the home of her most Smith has turned th key Joseph Church. The story has often heenrtohl of devoted and attentive' daughter, Mrs. is p; eer work; that splendid gathering of the women, of phine West. She has occasionally had visits tor woman's is It proper for the Relief S work ties to whom Weber stake in the Ogden .. Tabernacle, from, loved friends and to have clothes on hand for the dead. lie called by Sister Richards, and attended by she has given many kind words to help them Counselor on' their way, but she has frequently said Lord" makes us strong when we are ;. President Rrigham Young, Related the way of do our duty. Daniel If. Well's Franklin I). Richards and she was ready to go when the summons to our dead; spoke of the eight-Iiaw many member-- - of the Priesthood, Eliza R. came. .She passed away. on Sunday afters away should and ; women for be not ,: tav- girls Snow, Fmmeliiie B. Wells and other sisters noon at a quarter to three. One cannot call Latter-da- v be but consistent' irom Salt Lake City. Mrs. Richards pre- it death, so natural and beautiful is the last agant, jin- Meeting was brought to a close by sided and made a report of work done in the sleep when so fully and gloriously has been Giver." Benediction bv different wards of Weber stake, both in the rounded out life's measure. The following "O Jesus, the ' beautiful verse by Sister Nellie Bccraft, selor Amelia Hoge. Relief Society and the Voting Ladies ReDinner partaken of at Unity Cottar trenchment Association. President Young, one of Sister Richards' .stake officers, writAfternoon Session Commenced at birthday. after complimenting Sister Richards on her ten in honor of her labor, among the women and giving most fittingly portrays the last scene of her life in j m., President N. K. Pugmire by singing "Count Your ;mv plcndid instruction about the work required touching words President W. !: Blessings." Prayer by of them, appointed Sister Richards to preshadows and the the as "And '''Saint-womNeed Thee Hour.'" "I in .deepens twilight side overall the Latter-daSinging livery closer creep. Clark read rcsentative a beautiful Weber stake. This appointment was the May the angels chant tlicc vespers while they "Influence of Woman, and to My initiative in stake work among the women's their vigils keep. Sister Davis said, shrink not from your kit v And may thy King, thy Priest, thy Lord await organizations. the thee shore. however unpleasant, but follow your S. tV! il', by Sifter Richards held that position for a forever-morChrist with celestial To lead thee to joys !;:anv your pattern and friend. There are years, when she .period of over thirty-onwas honorably released upon the division of temptations placed before our youis "i the Weber stake, nut of which three new 'More honor could not be shown than was Need Thee livery Hour;" do we kiv j' the Word of Wisdom? If we want the hK-- of stakes were formed. In company with her given Sister Richards in the large assemthe Ia)rd we must keep His conn husband, she was many times a member of blage which gathered to pay their last reile mcnts. Set the right kind of an ex. President Young's party traveling throughspects to her on the occasion of her funeral out the different stakes of Zion and assisted which took place Wednesday, November when we go through, the Temple, follow in in organizing different societies and instructthe footsteps of our Savior, love our nriglh A 20th. in the Ogden Tabernacle. ing the sisters along their dines of work. large number of riends and relatives from bor as ourselves ; read a letter fro PresiUpon the death of Eliza R. Snow, when the Salt Lake City, Txigan, Farmington, and dent Joseph F. Smith on the way we should General Relief Society was reorganized. other places joined those of the Weber do when going through the Temple; quoted Sister Richards became first counselor to stake, bringing with them tokens of love 'T must do my duty because my pa rent Zina.D. II. Young, the new president. This and sympathy in floral offerings and tender trust me," and not yield to temptation: we, position necessitated .frequent visits to Salt' expressions. profess to be the best people on earth we 'Lake City to hold meetings of the general teach Faith, Repentance, and Baptism. Let The speakers at the funeral were Presiofficers, and many long trips throughout the dent Joseph F. Smith, Charles W. Penrose, our influence for good be felt. Our parents different stakes, attending conferences and David O. McKay, Fmmeline P. Wells. havef pioneered this country and when we doiifg organization work, which work, howPatriarch McKay, Bishop McOuarric and marry let it be in the right way. A song" by most she carried faithfully, Sister Rebecca Monch. all of whom spoke Brother Russell Shepherd entitled, "The ever,' through still she performed, her arnotwithstanding of the good and faithful work of Sister Great Redeemer Came." Sister McLelland duous labors" as a stake president. Sister Richards with great feeling and eloquence. followed. How fine it is. to hear the beauRichards was a member of the board of President Smith's beautiful tribute to her tiful; we have 64 stakes and talent is exdirectors of the Deseret Hospital and enmotherhood in his reference to her noble hibited in each place. The young boys and in all the for moves developgaged actively and loved posterity was most touching. Her girls of today are our representatives of the ment in the Relief Society cause. She was life will, always be an inspiration not only future. instrumental in the incorporation of "Mie to those who call her mother but to Professor Brimha41 says that the experibun; Relief Society and its affiliation with the dreds of those who have received from her ence of our Pioneejs is becoming as fairy National Council of Women, which ocbounty her love and her wise counsel, and tales to our children, but we should not let Wash1891 in visit the to soon after curred to those who will yet learn of her good things get away from us, let us be worthy of Mrs. Richards, Mrs. E. B. Wells, works, for like those other ington women of of all the good.things said of us; when we great M. Kimball and other notable Utah the Latter-da- y Sarah work, her deeds will live tell the outside people how independent our women. after her and not only her own children but women are, they wonder. Spoke of meetof Sister Jane Richards was a woman the children of the Saints "will arise and ing some of our. Lamanite. brethren and siswhich rare executive ability, an evidence of ters. We all have our own. salvation to call her blessed." is the erection of the splendid stake Relief Annie Wells Cannon. gain. Read the testimony of our beloved Society building in Ogden city, built with Prophet Joseph when a young man to the means raised by the women of the societv world. Such a feast we have had today. and used for purposes connected with their RELIEF SOCIETY REPORT. President Joseph R. Shepherd said we : work. have had a beautiful time. No association She has' held "many important positions BEAR LAKE STAKE. does more to help the bishops than 'do our w'her-evwomen was and recognized among, Relief Societies. While listening to reports, she went as a woman of strong perMinutes of the Bear Lake stake. Conhow all have money drawing interest, think and unusual in ference ability. was held sonality the tabernacle at Paris, they arc good financiers, but think it is good her and active 10 Notwithstanding a. m. President N. E untiring August 18, 1912, for us to have wheat on hand properly cared labor along charity, social and public lines, Pugmire presiding.; Sisters McLelland for, in time of need; believe our Relict Soher home was always the great center of her and Davis of the General Board. '.with Presiin this best thought, and the loving tenderness she dent J. R. Shepherd and President William cieties are doing much good Counselor Amy Cook was honorabl y reextended to humanity was emphasized Budge-werOpened by singleased with a vote of thanks, and Sier . circle. Her in her home yond expression ing "Guide Lis 0 Thou. Great Jehovah' Millie Clark was then voted in as second husband and children found no lack of atPrayer by Bishop Lindsay of Ovid. Sing: Bear Lake Stake Relief tention or devotion, but on the other hand, ing, "O, Say What Is Truth " Reports by counselor in the conference was' then adThe had every desire anticipated, every attention presidents. Sister Davis spoke on mothers. Society. .and after for another singing journed year home He her .'.was to " own supplied. loyalty Everything depends on mother, so how prayer. unexcelled, with it all was the overwhelcareful we should be in our. training; then Louise "Tueller, God's work in faith of divine ming power told the proper way of dressing for the Stake Secretary. ut UdWuM -- . vi-hr- x I - Jose-Proph- et our-wor- ' k -- c;o-work- I n . eightv-sevent- h . pn-Ope- : y , ned . en v- s e. e .;;:;.!-,11- 1 ; - -- , . er e . . ' . r 