7F- - W OMAN'S Thr ()y,jm, of thr CONTENTS. W Jh ic ;irr I First Newspapers. Xcw Vork" 2 ...... r.jowan Stake iiitah Stake rj u r River Stake hu'ida Stake . left hey ' ... 1 W i 'ltime i ,!;i,.r;; M!ce lr e 4 4 4 4 ' for Women Roberta' Nure Class Mr. Sarah Platte Decker I'..v!r Me ' I't J ; Forty-on- 1 4 .saim.iuon can we give. ' Ub.oe love of God burned as with constant 'flame: Iheir fruitage justice, liberty and truth. envio-.i- ho !t,i onr fathers through the wilderness; unbounded faith that lifts and heers .pcn.s tip the way to 'happiness. that "May 'heir favored sons and daughters reap Ihe -- obleti harvest of their earnest toil, Uaru :. aloft the standard of their zeal,: icuk. with gratitude the pride they feel, 'ha; their foxefathers planted m such fertile In l' !':an triumphant let our voices rise gladness and with joy our hearts be 1,,(lay u a . . great and noble throng 1 that which nowJscems old was fresh and new iiiinK now marvellous it appears ?" (! nist we' wonder" 'how those prophets Cniilrl - v":--- ',(. but catch '..:"' :.- of the past reverberating through these fliirty. moimtain walls H'li at ; the-echo- es - . " 0ur fan,cy vividly they're ringing, shadows eo'er us these memories Hia; slTncs of pleasure could, the heart ' recall ' ; .:",.."' "' glad, now minor 'chords of music singing. -- .1 lie war- - oi m.u- ; - - e - Now in the joyous springtime of the year. ; he of human s r 1 pn.c or praise. r !:f he lonvT-pnH- ; he When all kind nature's pulses 'beat harmoniously. And earth and air both vibrate with sweet melody. Awake the valley's 'echoes i'.,r and near Shout Hallelujahs till the overarching sky Gives, back tile, rapturous, umii .from depth of blue; And. echoing on from hill (o hill, (jod's starry canopy pierces thro' And all tlr spheres our hymns, renew, Until with one exultant thrill Worlds without end shall testify The wondrous things of prophecy. ' I'mmfmxe II. Win s. Mav 30. 1912. J arch and lofty halls . Display our honor to the public eye; And yet within our hearts we knovv Not all the splendor wealth can show Could rear a. structure of such art he with master skill hath wroudht Within each j)upir.s soul: A temple towering to the sky. Of prayer, of faith, of ceaseless quest For truth, which giveth perfect rest; Seeking along life's pathway wide The step to guide Toward the eternal goal. ,s g . , s intelligence:. e " cellence? The first newspaper published in the city of Xcw York ya not only a very imior-tamatter at the time, but very significant of the future of .that famous city, founded by the Dutch at such an early period in the history of America. The event occurred in 1725, and the paper, which was only "a little mite," history says, was called the Gazette. It was printed on a of foolscap. When one considers what mammoth editions are brought out daily at the present time, it seems almost incredible that the beitminp; should have leen so Miiall not two hundred years', ajb." One' queries in one's own mind, how .did the people, live without at least the weekly news being- transmitted in some "way or other. Yc are told that all the news contained in this little paper was really the foreign letters and custom house entries, with scarcely any local news at all. The editor and proprietor was Win. Bradford, the Some who are old today and onc.ewere young Through patient yca'rs' have hopecklhe day would come When Zion's vouth with flag unfurled world flight fling thV challenge to thevales That here in these sequestered Oh, stalwart youths, and .oh.' ye maidens fair, t As ye shall venture forth from these irotcct-' ing Walls. To strive for place among the ranFs of men, Remember the great truths H on. have, been ' taught, ,v , er it calls when voice, small still Avell the Heed fie merciful, be' wise, be true, in every word and thought. The vouth of Zion must keep ever bright lift high' Uie shining The "Gospel armor " light. And when the century has1 rounded" out its , cycle NEWSPAPERS. T et . Have ye not felt uplifted with a power divine. tilled with The while your thirsy souls-weryearning. For greater. fairer.Hjigher fields of ex ', YORK'S-FIRS- half-she- Ye who have gathered oft at shn'ue, In your great consecrated halls of learning. Partaking freely from the" fount of pure wis-I'Mo'- NEW nt The highest, purest .thought prevails. When Io. before our very eyes. Today, our dream we realize. !chokl fulfilled! knew.'.. retain; fond recognition Mf tju. work wrought fane! oilay we dedicate this clas-i- c soil. seen by them in vision beautiful Mi! in ever-falterin- the brave, heroic pioneers these foundations firm and strong t Iomk a; :. -- Imposing column, graceful h'ng which those only shall deserve to last . we As though we saw him face to face. y hy-tha- I 1 lis striven: There is. solemnity around this sacred place A fragrant atmosphere of hallowed grace -- thrilled, ,,iie bv ii.i beed western land. Wiure once the Indian hunted his wihl And where our own brave pilgrim band Into the bleak ami sterile desert came hen when you. beim: known as authors, oralis .md nun of world-widnote, Shall look upon in.d temples beautiful, vast halls ..f fame, and eostly works of art not tlun the foumlers. and with true ancestral pride. Remember these achievements arc but their promise verified. In iliis now Sweet recompense of serv ice fret Iv given To him who through the early years had the pathway of the past. 4 Hue? uiing they re.i'. r 4ift bestow lie priceless dower of an honored tiatm i, on No. 1. 1 tasks he s.nI1t precious days With love for al! mankird ami faith sublime in (jod. - I hnibhtzoncd Oil thr srrnll nf mrtblv fame J ; r,names which ever gleam to hopeful vouth And Hyht amongst the rk'htt-ou- For not e'en a llower token on this !"ing day of days: Hut heart with fond memories ' o'erflowing ft tlii.se departed ones beloved, Who've fo ught life's battle valiantly, And whose deeds we praise In soj,kr and story and poetic phrase. ''""irs i: And toiled he not in vain; - precious tfift I brintf W w ' some ilillt (irr.u- When !o' then' one pre '1 n::i:ent. alone. teacher pure and nnp!e nis ways A man of humble n:ieu. In - Mu-'- . i. here. who pjanne,! 1 t w uor li!'.:nni!ir " nin uie ieacy on, Id on u t rs, students, friends, who have a.se mhied here ,oih aeinblel ' Farncsr. and prnycrf::! hat tribute pay. What tender, soulful words can there be said? ()i Sorivh,. -- On this memorial day. To the illustrious tlead A- ,V,V - Lmiiiehne II. Wells tition . Augusta Joyce Crocheron Written for the Dedication of Maeser Memorial. May 30. 1912. Xo WonuuCs familiar and beloved b'.rnN wr trace A- - in .ODE. ii-- u :..!. . AI on; Not P'tC u!i .. tell. . . :i II ie;r deeds to a!' th I ; iih c spheres; $ 1 W N,,,,,,' weH? 'icty Kenorts: Kiliu tlx.-.- ki cat' ones o! - read thci.r name I I - In- 1 Ihe (iciu ral Federation of Women's L'lubs The Tt siniiiK' School for Xurcs. Love Letters s,.m- ' In .c!!F..riam . ii.n Luting SALT LA KF CITY, UTAH, SLPTKMBLR, 1912 Vol. . Exponent government-printer-. This paper was the Sole source of infor-- . mation of the sort for nine years : then rival appeared, called the Weekly Journal ie This was edited by john Peter Zangcr been had and was a German Protestant, forced to leave his. home on the banks of thKRhine, by the armies of France. He' had cme to vYmcrica- with Governor Hunter. atnVhad been- apprenticedwhen a mere lad to Win, Bradford. Now, when grown to manhood,xbe entered the-- same profes- sion as his employer and teacher, but in direct opposition ViUiim. the paper edited bv him being the organ of the Whig or People's- partyiilc mr Gazette was of the governor aturtoimci the Conservatives ami vested interests. The Jour-- , o mil did aJKin its power to britig thc contempt 'aristocratsbeing the name given by the people to the governor - - the-orga- "aristo-crats"int- J0 