V --r 1 - r. MOTHER OXR ISRAEL. ' To Mrs. Emmelinc B. Wells, Feb.' 24, 1912. '.fcitlicr o'er Israel, Handmaid of God Saints, arise," call thee blessed wllcrVcr thou hast trod. j voice like a clarion for truth has pro- - ny b:nce . age divine. I.(Iur of ours, in the heavens above, Keep thou her, our mother, enshrined in Thy love. Hit presence on earth a halo has been; Where she lives or breathes, even thinks, is no sin. is now crowned with the snow of brow i!.r four score; Saints would yet hold her long years, everThy more. When Thou callest her Thou wilt say, "Well ( done; V'placf in my love, like in theirs, thou hast v on. Edward P. Kimball. Presidency of Liherty Stake. May the Lord bless you with health and strength, and with I lis Holy Spirit to comfort and sustain you, that you may be able to perform the arduous duties of your high calling, is the sincere wish of Your loving Sister, Maria R. Hyde, President of Pocatello Stake. I'hc Lord bless thee and keep thee, The Lord make His face shine upon thee, And be gracious unto thee." Numbers vi, 24, 25. God bless you ! so I've wished yon all Of brightness life possesses; For can there any joy at all He thine, unless God blesses? Minerva Richards Knonyhton, President Davis Stake. Salt Lake City, Utah, March 3rd; 1912. And to be "Aunt Km" is a ;voman A woman mcancth 1mvcr;. star qeen i- - ! And more, much .more u1ct;i('cs- - Maud My BadcocS. to congratu Xot often late a friend who has at the age of 84 or;l ff?v the vears have flown w ith their changes of 'glad- ness and sorrow; burdens and happiness, care and tranquilities! But on rooking hick, may you only see the hilltops of joy, forgetting the vales of troubfe and dis- - S. Officers of Juab Stake Our Bear Sister Wells: Among the viU many emblems of love and esteem that reach you, on this your natal day, .we wish to place ours. '. .... : , Oneida Stake Relief Sr. Johns- - A km 7 K.-- SOCIE TY ) h I mi Jeak Aunt Km : In memory of the friendship which existed between andyiiiy dear grandmother, Sister Pratt, and her daughters, I beg leave oner io my jovc rind congratulation is on tins, your twentv-firs- t birthday In thinking of your long and useful life, T am reminded of the beautiful words of Wheeler Wilcox 1 : "The prayerful heart breathes through" the face Like perfume through the rose, X art can imitate the grace Of spiritual repose. The heart thar "talks with God in prayer Unconsciously imparts Some portion of the truths learned there To other mind4; and hearts." Ida Hunt Udai.e. ' :Ljkc "if r Mn,M"ir' 1 1 Mil ... J the Utah vn ,l-v I llM,k !' 4he the I a in privations suflVr.ed 1 UMm pjoiuer. Wllitm-- v died in and two veaTs later she he- came tlu wii'e ni Daniel II. Wells, one of tne m.st pr.iminent amrfng the pioneer leaders.1"' Mr. alwav W'ellsjs mind, even as a girl, had run to literary expression, and in lS""4 she became associated with Mrs. Lulu ;reenc Richards in the editorship nf the Woman's Kxponknt, the first womanV journal to be jmblislud in the west. Later .Mrs. Richards resigned, and Mrs. Wells became sole editor m twi'tiim u hiVii .1,., ii.,. held ever since. Hit office has .seen manv noteil guots, and she has been one of the most energetic and hospitable among the entertainers of strangers within ('tali's gates. She has corresponded with many famous people, among them John ( i. Whittier, the Duchess of Sutherland and many other people of title and fame, many of whom have been her warm friends. Amid her mam activities she' has found time to nnblkh tun or three vojTnes, a bonk nf her own t poems-twentv-firs- "Musings and Memories," "Songs am " r,'( Hvmils of the m,J Philanthropies." and a pamphlet historv of the Relief Society. She has been among t!ie most active of the workers for woman's suffrage, the at all times advocating its cause. Xo question of. public importance to the women of Utah has ever been mooted that Mrs. Wells' has not been a noted worker in its cause. She Was the first woman selected to go to Washington in the interests women, and since, she lias leen chosen representative at a number of the big national women's meetings at Washington and elsew here. She was a speaker at the great 'quinquennial congress of women at London in 18" J, and at every public meeting of importance she has attended she has been among the honored ones present. At home she has been somewhat active in politics, for years having served as vice chairman of the Republican state committee, and a member of the constitutional committee of 1882. such von have been to us. Her arduous public career, and her home Through the coming years you need have no regrets, for you have scattered your life have never interfered with her religious flowers as you went and their beauty and duties, as .she lias been actively interested in the women's auxiliary organizations,, nofragrance will live in the hearts of the multably the great Relief Society, which she titudes that love you. In short, we mav say with Longfellow, has served in various official capacities. At the death of Mrs. Rathshcba Smith recently, "A smile of God thou art." Last, but not least, you have shown that she was chosen president of that organization, .a position which she still holds. faith in God and obedience tod lis author' She has also been active in patriotic and...., ised servants is the noblest aim in life. literary circles, having. been one of the founStake R. S. Presidency ders and also first regent of the Daughters of tlie Revolution; founder of 'the Utah BIOGRAPHICAL. .; Woman's Press Club and of the Reapers' Request.) by (Printed Literary society. 1 of'-Uta- i Emrnelitie T. Wells was born Feb. 29, 82S at Petersham, Worcester county, forefathers were numbered Mass. and-fjer from Eng-- , anion" the Puritans who came land in 1620, Her grandfather iougnt in the Revolution and her father in the war - . S 1 W'.'is-itid- i Kx-tont.- nt of-Uta- h We, would add, too, our weak words of appreciation of your worth, and sincerely wish you every good thing a life so exemMrs WeIls at the age of. 13 joined the . plary as yours deserves. Saints, of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y In years you are past the allotted dime, Church her with parents later we:it and if it, indeed, be true "that how long and three years of wife the she became where to Nauvoo, have we live, not years but deeds tell," you of the Church, Newel bishop the presiding truly lived a long time. tne exouub ui Wh tnev, At . tvv Your life has been a rich one, and the K md noble deeds so characteristic of you win : plains remain never failing memorials of your -- I 1V light T" future ages. , i The Relief Society sisters of the I 'tali Stake of Zion join in' Sending greetings to their honored leader and companion on her birthdav. 11. C1:..!.. wear isrt lir wens, you nave mintt. up a character so lovely as 'to draw unto you friends in every walk of life. Mardcn says, "Labor is the parent of all the lasting monuments of this world, whether in verse or in stone, in poetry or in pvra- -' mids." Iy your industry you have proven that labor conquers all things. By your devotion to every small dtitvin your pathway, you have taught us that "trifles make perfection, but perfection is no trifle," as Michael Angclo says. Your life thus far is' fraught with good deeds, actuated by a noble purpose. anniHaving, reached your twenty-firs- t versary, you are only now7 beginning the summer time of your life. And yet it would seem that all of your spring time had been a summer day, so strong and radiant your every act. Some one has said, "A merry heart is a continual feast to others besides itself," and iiicmbrance and praise by all good jeopIe ' 111.11 m claimed, cer thou hast spoken Our youth arc inflamed I'.y thy noble deeds to strive for the like, A;ul, like thee, for Christ and His kingdom to strike. T!ioii knewest the dawn of this, God's last ' time; Hat prayed, borne and taught With a cour- in Kclief Society ori,izat,-o..an,- l Jif for nmnvvfMrc v,;, tevlio THE BEE HIVE HOUSE. Long ago, in the early sixties, the broad streets of Salt Lake were shaded on either black locust d side .with the tree,and sparkling streams of water separated the sidewalks from the streets used for traffic. Then there were no noisy streetcars rushing past, no buzzing of electric of autos even in wires, no chunk-chun- k one's fancy, but all the air was full of the .and thesongs of birds, the hum of bees J IT. uic sweet intercourse otf village nie .anu it fanuly. who.e communiteWike sweet-scente- -- " 11 . onest 