.1 : . ' wi, - ward. He excused himself; his sister had sent for bun. and his mother was' also in waiting., "What has this young man to say who has thrust himself ujrtm us at this unseasonable time?" said the mother, "lie has said nothing as yet. except to ask if my sister told me of his coming." "Will you inquire his errand, Fdward?" resumed the mother, with the most jxTfect composure? "As you .please, .mother,' but what does Del)orah say?" "That you must persuade him'to go away w ithout seeing her ;that she is not engaged to him." "Then she gave him encouragement, has trilled with his affections? Hie fellow is desperate, a veritable hero of romance." There was no help for it Fdward had never been in love himself, but somehow he felt a great sympathy for this daring young fellow who could face a whole house full of relatives, determined to conquer them all. He thought a great deal of his sister not exactly his style. She was such a delicate, fragile creature, but beautiful and gentle, and so sensitive he could scarcelv see how any man could want her for a wife. That word seemed to him to imnlv too much for one so youmr and inexperienced. However, if he must "face the music," better begin from these stalwart brothers I tfivcyou be no I timely warning, and trust there .will tainting nr hyMerio anmnq 'the vyomch folks." "W icked hoy,'" Deborah muttered to her--d- f. as. shivering with eold and excitement, die folded and replaced the letter and hurried hack to bed. Poor child. he fell asleep and dreamed that. Frank Lock wood came with a carriage to take her awav and that Fml Howard snatched her up in his amis, and would not let go his hold, and then she woke. The dream was so real that she could scarcely believe she was in bed in her own room and the storm still beating against the window as when she. fell asleep." St. Stephen's day, the Joth of December, a dismal morning, no getting out in such a tonu. and. Deborah was somewhat calmed . when she iw how unpropitiotis the weather was for traveling. She tried to summon courage to. speak to her' mother, but it was impossible, her manner seemed so forbidding. The truth was. Mrs. Curtis was so absorbed in what had transpired betweVn Fd ward and herself the night before that she was oblivious to all things of less importance. Tt never for one moment occurred to her nor to any one of them, that Deborah had a lover coming upon the scene to interrupt their pleasure. Nevertheless, he came and verv uuceremoniouslv. As he had asserted in his letter, he dashed up the lane, where the gate stood open, really the main entrance for carriages, driving a span of fine grey horses, and a handin every rcsject for traveling-- . some turn-ou- t The bells rang. out so wildly close to the house that the ladies ami children all rushed to .tlie w indows except Deborah, who was ready to faint before she knew what the matter was. At the sound of the bells, was on hand, and seeing a total stranger, was about to speak, when the young man jumped out of the sleigh and introduced himself, with the salutation, "f suppose you are young Mr.. Curtis, and am Frank Lock wood, from Athol. I sup pose your sister has told you about me!" ''No, T never heard of your existence, but come in ; you're welcome. Let me take your horses to the barn. You've driven hard. "; 4 i r Fdward sent to invite Mr. Lockwood to meet him in. an adioining room, and of course he did so. and they talked over the matter seriouslv together. Fdward found his sister had spoken trulv when she said she had iriven him no hone of loving him, but Frank was one of those men that neculiar fascination compel women in snite of themselves, to listen and often it is true love, when upon serious refection thev are convinced it is not the love that is needed for the dailv dtities of life. It naes for the real article in the matrimonial' market verv often, but when it is put into the crucible and tested, there proves to he verv little of the genuine material. If the experience of others could be valued at its nrooer estimate, girls would be more considerate before hand, and when thev made a choice it might perhaps be a wiser one. It is customary to call marriage a etc.. and verv erroneous ideas of love prevail among men as well as women. For instance, this happv Christmas was interrupted and the rucsts dispersed in anything b"t cav spirits throucdi the inonoortnne arrival upon the scene of this voting stranger, who fancied himself madlv in love. TTe succeeded admirablv in creating a sensation Vnd'nnsettincr the household. The family 'party thus rud eh' broken iti upon could not regain the same feelings of enfovment ar-those who went awav with ' the cood-hv- e noon their lips felt that .thev had met in the old home Jor the last' time The irrepressible lover was persistent and . .'fascinatincr enough to ingratiate himself into favor with the mother and big brother and finally to carry Deborah awav captive (not on the wings of the win dV but after the In-som- im-nri- ' - team.'' The horses were taken care of, and Edward Curtis led the way to the house, but bn entering, with Vne expectation of .finding Deborah to explain matters, the room was vacated except the children and 'babies and gentlemen guests; tlu? eldest brother opened up a conversation with the young stranger, and I'M ward stepped out to see what was going on, for from the stranger's remarks he had gathered that the young-mahad come something after the fashion of olden times, on the defensive, declaring war beforehand. He found his' mother and sisters were engaged in bringing Deborah out of a dead faint, which only seethed to complicate things in his mind," and made him think seriously of sending the .young man about his business, but- - finally concluded not to precipitate matters, but w'aiL to see the scenes unravel. Frank was. very uncomfortable. Every time the door opened he expected to see Deborah, but she came not.nd the"impatient lover grew wear v of What has: this. youug man to say, waiting. fact, no one knew what to say. One after another the married sisters came into the parlor and were introduced to Mr. Lock-- : wood, but Deborah's name was never .men- turned. A child came in and spoke to Fd see , "i a fine : - 1'. : e t f j well-swee- M" A. IP FOR BOOK OF MORMON STUDY nc By Vincy K. Barker Prepared Especially for Relief .Society Classes Approved by the General Board Designed to give the student a general view and lasting impression of Book of Mormon e lands from the heginning of Nenhite and history at Jerusalem and Babylon. Asia, to their close in America. With the arrangement of the map of the World with the Western Hemisphere at the right we sec at once all the countries and the leading cities involved in Book of Mormon and Jar-edit- early Clnircbjii story. because or jheUncertainty and difference of opinion existing in regard to the location of Book of Mormon points only such locations are made as our leading Book of Mormon students seem to harmonize upon, leaving teachers to make minor locations for their own use according to their own interpretation of the text. Listed upon the map are: 1st. Authority for all locations made. 2nd. Under the name of their respective, countries all the cities not located with their reference in the text and date of first mention. 3rd. The Hills size 24x35 Largc inch, cloth, mounted, $2.00, 1rr dozen. $20.00. Small size, 10x15 inch, paper, 15 cents, per ' dozen. $1.25. Special terms to Stakes desiring to place small ones in their outlines1 and large ones in Wajd Societies. .. with-referenc- ( 1144 VINCY R. BARKER O fden. Utah Washington Ave. : R K. THOflAS CO . MAIN STREET, SALT LAKE CITY. 67-6- 9 The most becoming Styles in Ladies' Suits, Coats, Dresses, Skirts, and Waists at Popular Prices. . , '. v! ' ! . . THE STORE V' i p Aunt Fnl d '- 1 . the-sam- on-tha- ' : r - . . n i 'S- I e lot-ter- v. 1 ; ., .. ! : riuht away. 1 ! . manner of men, as his bride. Not long aft the old home was' disposed of to Fdwa; who, notwithstanding his regard for anc tral inheritances, sold it to strangers". ' Those who remain of that numerous fa: i v who hear!'' gathered around festive occasion, are sgaUen stone far and wide. Some who were babes tb arc sleeping in unknown graves, having, p, others lie whc; ished on the battle-field- : stately monuments mark their restitig pl;u and tell of their heroic deeds. But thou-'- ? many have died out of the number wh. at the old home, yet. ne spent Christmas . t ' M l . t .11 nas increased me inoe an enneiess. the fragile little maiden strange to state, wuas the prime cause of tli Deborah, who excitement, has the largest posterity of them all, unless.it be the eldest son. It would be impossible to tell von the whole storv in om evening, but the old home long ago went t ruin., though the great, ugly still there, and the pure Vyatcr as it was then has never failed, and the wcarv traveler halts on his wav to take a drink from the old well, and the neighbors come hither to iret water when their wells fail. The hemlock grove is not vet all cut awav. and the pines still sigh and moan and shiver, and the evergreens twine themselves under and around the trees and shrubs, and the beau t i fill birds (or their posterity) still sing the sweet soms that thrilled the. hears of those happv children in the days gone by. ; Fd-war- d i v 52 - F - WHERE YO! I '"'" . CAN FEEL 'AT HOME jf- - ' ; 