If Bishop John F. Conley of Portal The ; . a!r.of the stake presidency of C()ngreation ' san- - "Cunio. Gmu- Ye saints.- Minutes of last conference' N,Hty presided and condoled read tfie erases, and approved. .lter the iwial open- hPresident Eliza'A Ihn ts ivp-r,,1 tiie work made opening remarks, bidding '.. being acenm-ph.slu-- d the hi local associations were given. welcome .to ouii meeting. Report nu ueiv -Urre thus reported. Sister lvcu. ny luaiacv, liolhrook and Pleasant lattH her pleasure in the View wards, all in unity and enjoyinV expivvl -the iven and especially with the inler-l'i-in- g Relief Society work. A recitation uasen-dere- d awakened, in regard to attendby Sister Maud Chidestcr entitled ance at sacrament this is snr.K A Mother's Only Son." President K V commendable "rind meetings: in must result Wells was. delighted to he in attendance go,M. for at it m these meetings that we receive spirthe Malad Relief Society conferencesp,,kr itual strength; spoke on'u-mpland the reports against th'e Latter-daSaints logical work, the necessity of and geneablessings by those not of our faith; there never was a attendant mi the ;rine-- referred to the lives greater prophet than Joseph Smith; spoke ami. work of Siwm P. Anthony and Clara on the wheat question and care nf the grain Barton.; aFo touched belonging to the Relief Society; obedience, law and our need of upmi parliamentary observing the same. love, and charity were some of the Mibjects Sister Carrie S. Thomas felt it a joy to be spoken on by our gifted sister. A "song was present; the thought development on the sung by a.Lamanite sister fmm Wasliakie song had found a response in her heart and association. Sister McClelland of the (Jen she lelt that it would result 'in a better era! Board spoke of the rrxnd work accom of our songs, and hat we plished 'by the Relief sixers toll ,f her would sing with the heart as welV "as the unssionary labors, and of the truth of the voice; referred to testimony bearing as beHook of Mormon. After beneand faith promoting and urged the young to singing diction conference adjourned until 2 o'cloek ing attend the Relief Society meetings and p. m. Lunch was then served to all by the learn from the mothers and grandmothers. sisters of Malad. Elder Arthur Berrett said it was his first At 2 p. m. conference Convened in the visit to the Relief Society and would be tabernacle with President Kliza A. Hall pre- counted as one" of his most pleasant as well B siding. Prayer by rot her David Thoin. as profitable days and he felt to say, "God Singing, "O Happy I lome." Mrs. Katie bless the Relief Society, and sanctify all Jones of St. John "favored us with a solo. that has been said this day to our use." Sister Sarah McClelland of Salt Pake Citv Sister Pearl Jones of the V. L. M. 1. A. was delighted with our lovely Imnics iii always felt stronger and more capable of Malad; spoke of our duties as Relief So- performing her work by being associated ciety workers, and the many blessings we w ith .the Relief Society and she felt it an enjoy. A. song by Sister Amy Randall of honoj) to be in our conference. All the Malad was beautifully rendered. President teachings given were timely and the spirit William H. Richards was well pleased with of the conference was such as to inspire to the labors of the Relief Society; spoke of greater diligence and determination, our the noble work of the women of Zion. Orvisiting sisters being tilled with words of solo G. Barret of Salt Lake City counsel and 'cheer. Solos by. the brethren gan by J. was then given. President E. B. Wells had and a recitation by one of our sisters were long wished, to visit with the good people of features that added to the enjoyment of the Malad: was well paid for coming; advised occasion, and these added to the good counhaving a library in the Relief Society; sel given made it a day to be remembered. with the Nellie Bfxkait. Secretary." spoke of her acquaintance prophet "Joseph Smith, and of her experience in Nauvoo at the time of the martyrS NoW FLAKE STAKE. dom of Joseph and Hyrum. We were then iavored with a piano solo from D. E. JohnThe annual Relief Society conference of son of Malad. President Eliza A. Hall the Snowilake stake of Zion convened at thanked all that had helped to make our Taylor Relief Society hall Aug' 30. 1912. c inference such a grand. success, and prayed On the stand were .First' Counselor that all would feel benefited by eoming to Clarissa S. Williams. Romania B. Penconference. After singing and prayer, conrose of the General Board, Alice . K. Smith and Mary E. Cpnnelly of the ference adjourned for three months. Board of Y. L. M. I. A., General r'rrrv': T- Eliza A. Hall, Pres. all members of the stake board and presiElizabeth Jonls, Sec. v dents of several of the different wards. President Nellie M. Smith presided. After OGDEN STAKE. the opening exercises President Nellie M. ch of welcome. y The annual conference of the Relief I ..1U111.I1 men iv. of the Ogden stake was held July 19, Written reports weite read from the wards,, P12, in the Relief Sodety hall, at Ogden, also verijal reports were given ny. uiree tab. Two sessions were held, beginning ward pTesidents. A sketch of the lessons 10:30 a. m. and at 2 p. m., the noon re- -' aS'OUlUnew uv me m-fs-- , ess being spent in partaking of a luncheon, the lessons, consisting of three divisions and Character prepared by the sistersof the eighth ward, Bookof Mormon. Literary; 'Hi in and social, intercourse. department. Sister Williams treated very g "On thei stand were Sisters Phoebe Y. beautifully the. following topics: The works, which eattie and Carrie S. Thomas of the Gen of the Relief Sock tv teachers, indeed." sacred : storing of food prodal Relief Society Board, Patriarch , avid Saints into cICay, assistant stake chorister Arthur G. ucts, admitting health condi-tion- s the public y Relief Society, presi-ncstake the the Wm. Pickett, crrett, Elder l Afternoon Session, 2 p. mAOpcned at ' - Taylor ward meeting house. We were tavund with the presence of Apostle Uy-niM. Smith and Flder Union S. Wells of the Seven Presidents of Seventies, all the v-di- - tli- - ni 1 iatiniK re-l"'"- tV i - e y' ng " So-tiet- -- . v ; hand-shakin- call-ingi- . v jion-Latter-d- ay i -- of the Relief Society and the entire t ike board and a goodlv number of local dicers, also bister Peart Jones oi me buuw: ;c idency of the Y. L. M. 1. A. president the preparation of temple clothing. enSisters Penrose, Smith and Connelly all Piano solo larged upon the above topics. rendered'by Miss : Dora-Palme- r. . take presidency, ..pienibers of the High Council and blshopK Of several wards; After opening exercises President Nellie M. Smith gave a general report .of the nine Relief Societies of the stake ; thanked all who had contributed so freely to the Sarah Driggs monument fund and to the refugees of Mexico.. An excellent paper on "Win-Prents Should Cuard the Play of Their Children" was read by Sister Caura Baink Sung, The Hall Sisters. Sister Romania B. Penrose talked on the rearing of children and Relief Society work. Sister Clarissa S. Williams spoke on the following sub jects: good reading, respecting the rights of others and the many duties of Relief So. ciety meink'i-sApostle Hyrum M. Smith impressed the need of mothers belonging to the Relief Society; talked at length on Health conditions, Brother Rulon S. Wells, also treated the following subjects: health and sanitary conditions, the great work'of the Prophet Joseph Smith in organizing the Relief Society, the broad field of labor for woman and the inlluence for good she has. 'resident Samuel F. Smith congratulated the sisters' on their work and thanked theni for the help they had given in the stake. Fvening Session The ladies of the Relief Society, Y. L. M. J. A., and Primary met in the Relief Society hall Saturday evening, Aug. 31, 1912, with a large attend'-anc- e of officers and visitors. All were welcomed by President Nellie M Smith. Sister Clarissa S. Williams gave some very good advice on different topics, mentioning the great qualities of President Emmcline B. Wells. Sisters Alice K. Smith and Mary E. Connelly talked to the girls present, also encouraged the mothers. Sister Romania B. Penrose gave a very excellent lecture on health. A good spirit was enjoyed throughout the conference and the teachings will be of profit to us. Maud F. Ramsay,. .Sec. -- " a 1 . UINTAH STAKE. The Uinta stake Relief Society conference was held in the Uintah stake taber- nacle July 28, 1912, commencing at 10 a. m. President Nancy A. Colton presiding. ' Those of the Priesthood present Were Stake President Don B. Colton and Counselors Earnest Eaton and David Bennion,' Patriarch Nelson Merkley, High Councilor Jas. M. Shaffer, Stake Clerk Geo. A. Davis and several others'; Sisters Rebecca N. Nibley and' Elizabeth S. Wilcox of the General After Board, all members of stake board. opening exercises President Nancy A. Colton welcomed the brethren and sisters; she also reported the stake Relief Society. .Mrs. Mary H. Stringham gave a report of the general' Relief Society work. .Solo by Elder ;Ashley Bartlett accompanied by Miss Jennie Beers Mrs. Elizabeth S. Wilcox from Salt Lake City "felt well in meeting with the Relief Society sisters ; related many circumstances where people "had. been benefited by prayer; gave advice on mothers' work, especially sanitation; spoke of the difficulties of settling new countries and of what the ' people of this valley have had to pass through ; referred to the great work the Relief Society sisters are doing to help . - - - 