'.'V- - ij ' ; . . . . I., . .'. MRS. A. AGATHA" REMINISCENCES OF PRATT. ; do not think it necessary to speak at this lime of the public life of my husband the late. Apostle Parley P. Pratt, as that is a matter of history known to his descendants and the readers of his life and his works. As an orator, author, ioet, statesman, and able expounder of the Gospel and its principles, which he so dearly loved, he will ever live in the memory of thobe who have heard him, and will become more precious as the years roll on. For the sake of his descendants and in his beloved and venerated memjustice-t- o ory, I wish to speak of his private life; as a He was a husband, father, and friend. gentleman, born so. lie had an innate rove' rence and respect for iceman as the mother of the muiIs of men. He loved his wives, not only as the beloved of his bosom, but as the "mothers of his children, whom beloved very dearly. I heard a lady ask him, "Brother Pratt, when did you first fall in love?" He replied, "When 1 was a babe in my mother's arms, and looked up into her tender loving eyes, I fell in love, and have been in love ever since." Amid all our poverty, toil and care and s, the' difficulties and perplexities and he would sometimes have occasion to reprove or admonish; he would do it in a manner to touch the heart make a lasting impression, but never leave a huI- - " inex-Ieriencc- miliating sting. His wives always knew that he respected s a them and cared for their feelings. father, he was kind and gentle and hailed each with as much pleasure and delight as if it were) the only one. One of the greatest pleasures of his life was to gather them round his knees,' holding as many as he could, and have them sing their sweet childish songs, often trying to join in with them, as he dearly loved music and singing, and always, when possible, he would have his family gather together for family worship; we would always sing a suitable hymn, then kneel 'down and dedicate his family, himself, and all he had, to the Lord. As a friend, he was true, sincere and very hospitable. In times of famine and scarcity when sometimes we would not know where the next meal was coming from, he would say, "If any one comes in hungry, ask them to sit "up and eat." His confidence in God was unbounded, and he would. go to Him and ask Him for what he needed, as a child would go to its father. .with the same childlike simplicity. I have seen his prayers answered almost before he had finished his supplication. He was very sociable,, in those early days' we used to visit a good deal, we seemed to have more time then than we have now. Two or three of us would go with him to some friend's house, where, in the course of conversation, lie would be led to speak upon some interesting subject. that 'would instruct and entertain all, and make the time pass very profitably and pleasantly, and it still remains as a happy memory to 'the few of those dear old friends who" still 'survive: 'Mr. Pratt was the father: of thirty children, fifteen' sons and fifteen daughters,, of whom survived him. twenty-thre- e I do not know how 'many descen dants. there are ; I have myself over a hundred. There were five brothers: Anson. Wil new-com- er ;' " liam Parley.- Orson and Nelson ; the last named never received the, Gospel, so never came to Utah. When my husband was on his last mission, he visited him and he told me' in oiie of his letters of his pleasant visit with him and his family, and that two of his daughters were very sweet singers. I find by referring to his letter that he stayed with them about a week, and. said they w ere quite favorable to the Gopel. At the time of his visit. they were living in Ohio. I now wish to speak of his last mission. Many have labored under the impression that "he was not called, but sought to gd. There never was a greater mistake. In the spring of '56 he bad a severe illness brought g ou by mentally and physically, Ssfesuffcred more or less from the effects of it through the summer. He came into my housevone day about the middle of August, and said to me, "Agatha, I have bad news for you." I was just recovering from my confinement, our youngest child, now Mrs. I C. Woods, having been born on the 8th day of August. His words and manner sent a strange thrill through me. I said, "What is It?" He replied, "1 am called to go on a mission." I said, "Why do you call it bad You havebeen" on missions benews ? fore." He said, "Because I feel as if I hall never come back." 1 said, "Why do you feet like that; you've been delivered' from mob violence and from prison and been preserved till now what do you. think can happen to you ?" He replied, "I do not know; perhaps the Indians may kill me or some accident may happen." He said, "I asked President Young what I was to do and why he sent me as there were already three of the Twelve in the. States." Elder John Taylor was publishing "The. Mormon" in New York, Erastus Snow "The Lumi-ary- " in St. Louis, and Brother George A. Smith was visiting the different branches of the Church in the Eirst. He said, "Brother Parley, you need a rest, and a change; you can assist Brothers Taylor and Snow and visit the Saints and instruct them by their firesides, and do much good in many ways." He went busily to work preparing for his mission. In a few days he came in and said,' "I have been to the President's office and been set apart for my mission. The Presidency were Brigham Young, Heher C. Kimball, and Jedediah Grant, and they placed their hands upon my head, President Young being mouth. He confirmed all former blessings and ordinations heretofore given, and promised many blessings for the future. After he was through President Grant said, 'Brother Parley, I would give a good deal for one clause in your blessing?' 'What was that, Brother Grant?' He said, 'Your children shaft be preserved. unto you.' " He seemed to realize it in its fullest sense. He felt more cheerful after he had received his blessing, and -- went on with his . preparations journey. He attended fast meeting the1 firsrThursday in September, confirmed several of 'his children whom he had baptized,; named and blessed the youngest and bore a faithfuf testimony. started for his mission about the 14th, and arrived in the States in November. He wrote home to us frequent ly, and tokl us of his labors.. In one. of his letters he spoke of the great darkness and utter indifference in the minds of flip ( people regarding the Gospel,, and madethe - over-doin- . foti-his- He remark that if it were not for the sake the Gospel and his family, he could chat.- worlds, witn joy inexprcssime. When the news of his death reached Lake .City, the- Presidency were spend :. the holiday, July 24th, in Big Cotton u., Canyon. As soon' as they reached h thev came to see us, and mingle their i ami sorrow with ours. President Yoimg. said, referring ti, .. .death: "Nothing has happened o hard reconcile my mind to. since the death Joseph: Brother Parley has done more go!.. on his short mission thai! many Elder am! do in their whole lives." Mr. Pratt was one of the busiest and hardest working men I ever knew. When we were crossing the Plains, he drove the largest wagon we had, with three yoke i cattle: he would walk along side of them, and the first thing you knew you would see' him three or four rods ahead. TheVMw walk of the team could not keep pace with his active mind. Often he would recoil. et. turn back to his team, see that all wa all right, hurry them up, and do the same thing again. When it came near camping time, he would go ahead ajil look up a gi)od place for camping. His mind was ever on the alert for the benefit of the company. When we arrived here on the 28th of September, t we were tired and worn out, for the part of the journey was very hard on all. With little or no rest, he went to work hunting up' the resources of the country, making roads to the canyons; getting out logs for building houses; getting fire wood ..-- : - - i I la-- and so on. He built several good comfortable log Tooms, a stable, put in a number of acres of wheat: in fact, kept busy all the time. He built four adobe houses, two of them a story and a half, besides outbuildings; made a road through Parley's canyon; attended faithfully to everv ecclesiastical dutv. lie went on two missions to California, including Chile, South America, wrote and published "The ,Key to Theology," wrote and compiled his Autobiography, besides many other effusions in prose and verse. After the foregoing had been read to one of my daughters, she said, "Why, mother, you have not mentioned yourself." I replied, "No,"' I did not think of myself. writing about your father." She said. "I- think you ought to tell about being in the canyon with father." Well, he commenced his work "on the road in the summer of '49. There .were a great many men in the east that had the gold fever so bad that they left no stone unturned to procure an outfit to get to the gold mines of California which had been discovered by the Mormon Battalion boys. Many of them arrived in Salt'Lake, utterly worn out, and teams and wagons in bad condition. They were obliged to stay a while to get lighter wagons, exchange their worn out horses (some were quite valuable for fresh ones. Some of them stayed over to make a little means w herewith to prosecute their journey. Later on, these were the men my husband hired to help make the road through Parley's Canyon. I; wen with him to cook for them. Each man had his own tin' plate, cup, knife, fork, and spoon. - haked TliP fnnrl VnncJet i,, f in bake kettle, meat, coffee and a little but ter; We had a small tent and a wagon to sleep in. The men had a large tent to bunk , 