''"Vri" -- '1 f"i, .s."r , tcnonitioii'. ?" And the St. Louis Globe Democrat says: "The fact that she did 'so much in ninety years without the ballot can r against woman u he'uscd cither but' tile New York l::: wiin Post that "Those who object 'to giving wom- fr en the ballot will find Miss Barton and Miss Nightingale liard to explain away." While her name is linked with that of Florence Nightingale, the heroine of the Crimea, it must be conceded that her work w;i even greater and more, She was not only a ministering an.lfcl to the sick and distressed but she. carried her work t the "firing line". and was in the front of the battle. The press generally concedes that she is our greatest national heroine, and the e(tia1 f any soldier or statesman of the Civil war, "Ixcausc die was the most perfect incarnation of mercy the modern world has known." While the nation has lost a heroine, the women have lost a friend. Clara Barton tor inaiiv years has been. a striking figure at the assemblies of the National ( ouncils of Women and suffrage conventions, and was well know n bv many of our leading Utah women. She has been an intimate corresondent and. particular friend of Mrs. Wells, President of the Relief Society, who was recipient of Nith her 1km. ks. "The Story of the Red Cross" and "Clara Barton's Childhood" as well as her portrait with autograph presentation and sentiment. Their work has so similiar and all their activities so generally in sympathy with each other that it is not strange that these two should have been drawn together. The women of their gene- rat inn are the pioneers in the advanced work of the women of today. To them all honor and all praise. Axnik Wki.i.s Cannon. far-reachin- g. U-e- GENERAL RELIEF SOCIETY CONFERENCE. The conference of the General Relief Society of the Church was held in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall on .Wednesday, April 3. 1912, w ith President Emmeline B. Wells presiding. The morning session opened at. 10 a.m. Singing. " Ve Mountains High." Prayer by Mrs. Rhoda A. Lyman. A sob. "Waft Her. Angels, Through the Skies." was given by John T. Emmeline. B. Wells gave hearty greetings to the large assemblage and expressed her. gratification at seeing so many out at the opening .session of the conference.. Spoke of the seventieth anniversary of the Relief Society, (on March 17, 1912), which was appropriately commemorated in all the Stakes of Zion. ' Felt that alP should be proud of our organization and the work-i-t has accomplished in these seventy years. From such a small beginning "the work has spread all over the wrorld wherever there are missions, and has proven a great blessing to the missionaries. Mrs.. Johannah' Jensen of Wasatch Stake onded to the president's greeting. She It that her stake as greatly honored in the having privilege of responding to the lutiful greeting of our beloved president. She felt that the words of hope .and encour--emefrom the president would inspire all to greater effort in the coming year. . Hand-Preside- nt v nt 'i- - - T . v - to be diligenrin:"traiiiiiig their children an, to set thechildrcn a good example. President Joseph F. Smith then a! irecd the congregation on tile tmjortauee 'iisi-- . Society w ork, nnd the duties and bilities of its members. lie Mate-at In maintained that the Iu has always t is one of the :r imorganization ciety portant organizations in the, Church. It in- augurated a movement in favor of wonien that had never been known before its (Ah and purposes are -among the neatest jects i i rr .1 illmat ancci ine napp-ianrj human of the it js family, a prosperity know that the inns pleasure-torganiz.v jn both stakes and wards are actively engaged in the work at hand. This work is hke all the .rest of the lalors and responsibilities of women. It has no specific period or beginning and we don't know when" it v. ill end "Man's work is from sun to sun, hut worn an's work is never done." The labr. dutv, and rcsjonsibflity involved in the vrk are of the nature that appeals to w the character of omankind. The n mik-inever know when they will be ajjjaled to for" aid or counsel. Their services are alTheir- - duties art muways- in demand. ltitudinous and will continue as long as we are, mortal and are possessed of human weaknesses and necessities. The ts are inqx)rtant help in the work of the Lord. The Kingdom of God could not prosprr and tlourish but for the mothers, and daughters. "Man is not without the woman and woman is not without the man in the Lord." It is as necessary for mothers in Zion as for fathers certainly there would he n fathers without mothers. We cannot do without each other, mother and father, brother and sister, are equally essential in building up Zion. President Smith referred very .feelingly to his own mother who was a faithful Saint. She was woman and Latter-da- y and patient, forbearing and she taught her children to love the Gospel and to be true to the Church ; and every one has been true according to his knowledge: Mothers should realize the great ireonsi-bilitresting upon them as mothers. 1 he influence of the mother during the youth of her children is greater, than that of any .one else. The child grows up into her like.fti:rnoon skssiox. ness, thoughts, religion, svmpathy and de sires and a very great deal depends on the Congregation sang. "Our Mountain training the mother gives, before the cniiu Home So Dear." for its own acts. Alvira Cox of South Sanpete Prayer. are fortunate in the training of their Stake. children, and some arc unfortunate noSinging. "Coine. Come Ye Saints.". twithstanding the fact that they have done Mrs. Susan Grant, of the General Board their best.- When parents have done their bore her testimony to the truthfulness of duty, taught their children theuth, taught the Gospel and the divine mission of the them to and to "have faith in God. and, pray Prophet Joseph Smith. have brought them to manhood and womanShe was followed by Margaret1 Manning hood,, their responsibility ends and if the of Bear River Stake, who reported her stake children (after all this training and example, in good condition. She stated that on by those who have loved thtm niore than March 17, 1912, all the wards in the Bear their own lives) should go astray the reRiver Stake had uniform programs which sponsibility falls on their own shoulders and were printedrand given, to the members as the parents will "not be,:blamed for it. It " souvenirs. is only when parents have been derelict in solo. Soprano "Teach Me to Pray," was their that the responsibility falls hack duty Mrs: Lizzie Thomas Edward; after on them. What 'blessed condition when given by 'a winch Mrs. Mary Alice Lambert addressed the children have kept the faith and have the assembly. She felt it a great privilege been obedient to their parents! One of the to work in the Relief Society organization duties of the members of this qrganizajion ?nd tb.0Lc tcstnnuny to the grat good done ,is to help (others 'in the rearing of tneir this by organization. Urged the members children. All members should be diligt The ' Ladies'- quartet sang. "Christ is; Risen From the Head.'J Fldcf Joseph F. Smith. Jr.. then addressed the assembly on the subject of "Genealogy'!, 'Salvation of the Dead."- He and urged the necessity of the members of the Relief Society becoming interested, and of actually engaging themselves in this' great work of collecting records and of officiating for the dead. In order to accomplish the great plan of redemption it is necessary that those who died without hearing the Gospel shall have salvation. It is a great privilege Saints to attend to this given the latter-dawork. The Lord has even declared that it is an obligation" we owe to our dead kindred. According to the plan of salvation we are all kindred, with Father Adam at the head, who will rule over us as a united whole. How can we be linked together if we fail to go to the Temple and perform the necessary ordinances for our fathers and mothers who did not receive the privilege? Tf we fail the links cannot be joined and the chain cannot be completed. Elder Smith spoke of the great work being done by the genealogical societies in the Eastern States as well as-i- England and of the benefits we may receive from their compilations. The Genealogical Society of Utah is putting forth every effort, to raise funds to secure the general records of these organizations. The work of salvation for the dead was compared with our missionary work. It was stated that we are spending hundreds of thousands of dollars for the preaching of the Gospel which is, of course, very necessary: but what, are we spending in behalf of the dead? The quartet sang. "Who Are These Arrayed in White?" Counselor Julina L. Smith was the next speaker. She continued along the line of Temple work and reported that a committee on Temple clothing, of w hich she Was chairman, had prepared Temple suits for the use of those who desire to w ork in the Temple, and also suits for burial purposes. Violin solo, Romania Hvde. Closing hymn. "God Moves in a Mysterious Way." Benediction, Mrs. Rebecca Standring, President Alpine Stake. - . - " ' . i So-"- . . weu-oem- u g, y and-appli- es s n si-- -- n long-sufferin- g, . y Sorne-par--en- ts - . . -- 