1 v A . v - ... - zzz Woman's Exponent EMMELISE A XX D. WELLS. Editor and Publisher IE WELLS CAMOSitintj:ditur. - Terms: monthly In Salt Ua? City. I'ubM cts. six motitln, one copy one copy bne year, f 1.00; delivered by No reduction made for clubs. City 25 ct. mail, extra for potag ane year, of Each ratea: juare, ten llnnAAdvertising liberal space one time 12.50; per month, 13.00. discount to regular advertiser. liiahop Eimjimt office rooms'28 and 2'J, 2nd - floorhours frum Building, 40 North Main Street, Buim10 a. m. to 5 p. m., every day, eicept Sunday. Address all business communications to Mrs. K. B. WELLS. Salt Lake City, I' cah. INibllshe-t- l ppr non-pari- Entered at th$ Pott Offif in Salt Lake City. t ah i ttcond rlaii matter. Halt Lake City, Utah February, 1912 GREETINGS AND CONGRATULATIONS. : Beloved Sixers and We desire again in the new year that has jiM begun to extend to One and all. officers, teachers and memlcrs of the Relief Society throughout. the world, a heartfelt and loving greeting, and to express our appreciation of your labors in the great and "grand organization. There is no limit to the work of charitv in the Relief Society. It is a daily and an hourly occupation, of mind and Ixxly. I low-tmanage affairs so as to deal with all kinds of people and all sort of cases that come up; with sickness in its various forms, and death also; with needy families who not onlv have to he supplied hut also taught in manv instances how to manage, especially mothers who do not understand economy in the home: all this is not simply giving it is both learning- and leaching what i let to do under all varieties of circumstances. We are aware of your diligence and faithfulness, and know that you will make any effort possible tending to further development, spiritually- and mentally. No more jmssible effort could be made than has already been accomplished, among the sick, Co-Ialmrc- rs - the destitute. The charity that "giveth liberally and upbraideth not." our sisters manifest day by day;-theare diligent in searching out the needy and relieving their w ants ; uplifting the fallen and saving from the powers of evil those who are tempted to go into by and forbidden paths. We commend your labors in all good works, and we are assured of the many sacrifices you must necessarily make to perform these noble acts of charity and benevolence; and we pray that, you may realize abundant blessings in your own households, and joy and satisfaction in your own souls that will give you peace of mind to more than compensate for all that you do. One of the missions given this society by the prophet Joseph Smith himself, was to save souls; and if we can succeed; in per suading the thoughtless and wayward to turn from evil, and repent and reform, we shall have accomplished a most desirable object ; to rescue them from error and lead .them to the truth is to earn the joy of saying those that, were. lost and are found again. When we contemplate what our sisters have done in a material way it is indeed wonderful. The houses that have been built ; tfie granaries for the storing of wheat, besides assisting the bishops in building meet- y - - halts, etc.,. one marvels at tne multiplicity of the lalxr "actually accomplished. commend your labors" with We tlie ymng mother in helping and advising them. We know that such assistance must be valuable; and urge you as much as jk)s-ib!- e to nourish and cherish spiritual growth and a testimony of the Savior; that it may be rooted and grounded in the mind of the in the voting, together with an abiding faith "divinity of the mission of the prophet Joseph Smith and of the restoration of the holv priesthood. Encourage the bearing of testimony in our meetings and do not fail to allow the dear sisters who are advanced in years to have an opportunity to express themselves," for it is a joy ami comfort to g to those who listen. them, and a The cultivation of faith in our children is essential to salvation. Faith is a mighty while we are. jviwcr. Let us not neglect it living in this great day and age when mighty events are transpiring-- ' and still greater arc-ye-t to 'come. We miM never neglect the faith that lies at the foundation of all power. On the seventeenth of March, of this year, this great organization of the Relief Society will have reached its seventieth anniversary. During all those years the spirit of the golden rule has been manifested by these heroic sisters of charity w ho richly deserve the title. It seems very fitting that in this coming anniversary we should celebrate the day in some way never to be forgotten, giving it a ing houses, liberal-minde- v - to-brit- tle, es . Smith, 2nd Counselor. PROGRESS OF WOMEN IN THE LAST SEVENTY YEARS. i , prb-fessio- y !" gratitude In the course of the three score and ten' years since the Prophet Joseph Smith organized the Relief 'Society in this Church, what wondrous things have been accomplished by women, not only in an organized capacity, but An the various callings, and different lines of .work! .Volumes might be written and yet the half can ' ' never be told. Aot only has woman enlarged her sphere; but the world has enlarged its capacity for .v-tuall- i s. , -- ; in-a- L. ; ,i co-operati- on Julixa d ; to you all for the love and good' wishes extended to us. and for the given to our efforts for enlarging the work ll its various departments. We shall thankfully remember all favors shown and all manifested in whatever way, for these things appeal to us and help us to exert ourselves, enlarge our own hearts and exer- cise the divine charity that never faileth and the humility that brings down the blessings of heaven upon all who can attain to that sublime excellence, to "Love our neighbor as ourselves." Peace and love be unto you, and joy in all your labors. Faithfully your Sisters, Km m eli n e I'. Wells, President. Clarissa S. Williams, 1st Counselor. - the entrance of women into the vai ' spheres of activity and usefulness. It is .the boast of the achieved falne"and 'renown beyond the ii est expectations of woman herself, or in uf the men who are ideas and ideals of womanhood. Women astronomers have made di cries in the scienoe that have astonished who have been engaged for years h; i..t re direction; women artists have been heretofore than and their v successful is found to be more true to life. To be sure many women, as wclFas n, think only of women as industrial wu,-!- r along mediocre lines; and when the compete with men. it is rather appall, ing and some are not willing that should stand side by side, with men. It is most wonderful what women e done and the avenues that have opem T the progressive advancement of heroic e:;deavor. To enumerate .onlv a few of the n ,;nv who have accomplished great things w, be impossible in our little paper. In our own small state there are hundreds of women that should be mentioned, but one gas discriu raged, in writing; to find that all cannot be mentioned, therefore only those who stand out apart from all others because oi some one achievement could possibly be nanled. Fven to mention a few rare instances would be too much, but it is a. matter for thought and a subject never to be eliminated from the pages of history of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries. There have been great women even in ancient times that stand out singly and rank side by side if not equal with men of the same period. Certainly we. in these last days, are not the beginners, but where they singly mav have been able to do much, we who are organized are aide to accomplish much more. A few women in the but in this past have led armies more highly civilized age things are vastly different organizations of women are promoters of peace. The forces under the control of women lead to higher civilization and enlightenment. Of course ymen are anxious for better advantages and especially for the betterment of the home. Today the nations of the world stand for better government for domestic purity and culture beginning in the home and who can declare that homes are not better and cleaner and purer : than they were in olden times? There are no real homes .without mothers and therefore the more perfect our mothers in all lands, the nobler the children are brought up and trained. Although there are associations," schools and colleges where women may receive special training, there ,is nevertheless a vast number of, untrained and unskilled women who need attention and this class is not so easily reached, and perhaps the time will never come when all that is desirable will be accomplished. After the organization of the Relief Society in the far west the women of theeast held a, convention at Seneca Falls, where the great army of suffragists were enthused to enter the ranks and ask for the ballot, believing it to be the best method of upliftr"'Tving the home. Among those great leaders' who convened on that momentous occasion were women who afterwards devoted their entire lives as it were, to the uplifting of women and , historical importance and significance worthv of record in Church history. As it will be the Sabbath day. the services must necessarily be of a religious nature, and the brethren will undoubtedly respond to the wishes of the officers of the society in lending any assistance possible to render the occasion appropriate and credit- kind-ness- "... age-thaOvoma- ble-sjn- able. In closing we acknowledge our r ns, : ; 1 ; ' - 