EMMELINE B. WELLS. LIT. D. woman Florence Nightingale, who was the of time the to Prophet of prior "thought moved upon to go out with a staff of nurses the keys in favor of women. Until. (Continued from page turning tois It war. Crimean to.the enough bring thU time .'women., li.'ul heen contented to. tears to the eyes of strong men, when they SENTIMENTS. take ;i back seat anl yield to their husbands the wards she as that hear passed'through the lead and dominance of everthing. Very v The following were sent for the Birthday she thought to be whom men 'the or suffering with them, of Jew thought .reasoning turned painfully oh their pillows number of the Exponent; relative sleeping of dicuMon sort into any eimring to kiss her shadow, so much did they revere t the general topics of the day. Hut adOriental birthday greetings. her. vanced education has opened their underThere are three crowns, of the" Law, the could they say of women: fit to stand on Truly them made and standings Priesthood and the Kingship; but the an equal footing with their husbands, and to crown of a good name is greater than tlu-"When pain and sickness rack the brow in every sene U- indeed helpmate A ministering angel thou." greater all. 4 ' . . 5. . - of the wonl. ' ' and is not confined to America This of their appreciation of women's work in thousands, of ways. One says: "Women are the cog wheels that turn the machinery of good works;" another: "It is the mothers by their anxious care and loving kindness have made the best of men what they are ;" another says land alone "Not by "iic Decs t clianm-- man or one path alone e make knoun.' Hi- - my-teri- of the.- wrld. .iv ....... v, t(, ill n.irN Science is teaching us that not only the words of men hut their thoughts even are transmitted and conveyed by some power; that when any great movement is being, made for the betterment of . iitnlif v 'ire in til tnitl(l .,t t'nin. of many at the. same time; thus showing that it is the Spirit of Clod that is directing ft I - i vt.-tiilin- X : un-kno- "You talk about a woman's sphere As if it had a limit; There's not a thing in earth or heaven, There's not a good to mankind given, There's not a weal, there's not a woe, There's not a whispered Yes or No, There's not a birth, there's not a death, There's not a feather's weight of worth on earth Without a woman in it." all things. In India the thraldom of the harem is being cast off; and the remarriage of widows, a thing unknown until late years. The child widows in India were doomed to a life of indignity, as "accursed of God," until the light of civilization and freedom for women was received by them. Now these child widows are being educated and many are embracing Christianity. Others are taught the cruelty of their faith and are gradually abandoning it. Many of the so-call- MRS. SARAH K. BRIDGE, HONORED. ( )ne of the most enjoyable events of the MoUNTl-ORI)- . A Chinese proverb says, "A big heart better than a big house." . is My mother's home was not large enon-- h to take in all the world, except through the sympathy of her big heart. Everything for the uplift of humanity lias, ever and always, claimed her ardent sympathy and capable, skillful To raise the lowly, cheer the downhearted, give freely ofJier substance to the poor, comfort tliQ, bereaved, has been to her through life a work of love. are "quick and mighty," good "fruits have and shall follow such sowinj, for the law of love reigns King of all. Mell. C. Woors. Wallace, Idaho, March 8, 1912. co-operati- Such-work- s Over many difficulties triumphant; amid the checnuered scenes of life showiner true fortitude; possessed of the great characteristic principle that Jjrought Abraham blessings, Faithfulness; above all. an unChurch. ceasing believer and worker he is Such "Aunt Em" Wells. month occurred at the Eleventh Ward Amusement Hall on March 8th when one hundred and twenty-fiv- e members and guests of the Relief Society assembled to do honor to their president on the occasion Margaret A. Romney, of her fiftieth birthday anniversary. Pres. Relief Society, Ensign Stake. The "affair took the form of a surprise May every year be bright and clear, party, and Sister Bridge was visibly affected And free from clouds of sorrow. w hen she was led into the brilliantly lighted Pauline Pace, "hall, where the tables were spread with Prest. Relief Society, Carbon Stake. viands fit for a queen, and decorated with clusters of carnations, and potted plants. A sentiment accompanying a beautiful Among the guests were the ward Bishopric handbag: and the stake Relief Society officers, Sisters Sister Emmeline D. W ells. Margaret A. Romney, Minnie Home James, Knowing of your interest in our Sarah E. Langford, Cecil Sharp Barker we made you this home-mad- e and Belle Hawkins. In behalf of the socisilk hand-bathinking you Bro. Arthur Brown bade the guests would better appreciate, and we could betety welcome to the feast and eulogised the ter express by the work of our hands, the labors of Brother and Sister Bridge. Grace deep love of our hearts for you. was said by Sister Margaret Romney. While Sarah P. Stoiil, President. the banquet was being served, the following, The officers of the North Sanpete Stake program .was rendered : Recitation, Sister Barker; solo, Airs. Jos. Wirthlin; song, unite in sending greetings of love for our honored and worthy President Mrs. EmmeBeatrice Sherwood. After the dinner Sister: Lewis in a neat line B. Wells, who has for these many years served so faithfully in the cause of love "little speech presented the guest of honor and charity. with a beautiful umbrella, which Sister Wiliielmina H. ERiCKSENi Prest. Bridge accepted in a very graceful little talk. President Emmeline B. Wells, a woman Sister Amanda Done gave a reading and blessed with high intellectual and executive Sister Lillie T. Freeze read, an original ability. A President well fitted to preside. poem, dedicated to Sister Bridge, and enA kindly mentor who carries conviction, titled "Fifty Links." 'with advice and admonition." in-t- ed native "queens of India" are educated women and if not embracing Christianity are becoming civilized and thoughtful women. It is hard to throw off the teachings of childhood at once, but time will have its effect on them. In China again the women are refusing to have their feet bound, and education is making great strides amongst them. In Japan the advancement is perfectly wonderful. It is only alxmt 45 years since japan showed any desire for advancement. I was in Calcutta when the Japanese government purchased their first ships for copies to build their merchant vessels by, the Thunder and Lightning, belonging to Jardine, Skinner and Co. of Calcutta; and I remember the stir it made in India at the time. Since then their advancement has been phenomenal. In our own country what, opportunities for education are open, in connection with the various auxiliaries of the Church, instructing its women to meet the advanced requirements ! Salt Lake City will not long be able to contain its increasing population, ami the instruction our young mothers and girls arc . receiving will in turn be" taught to their" children and prepare them to meet the contingencies of a new life inta greater wnt-LNpvpr 1np mi Onnortnnitv that VOU can embrace of learning. Salt Lake has spiencuci opportunities, ami uic tv.- ui an the States are upon us. Therefore, let us make ourselves equal to the occasions that will meet us. I know it is hard for some of us'to attend the meetings, but we j shall in the future be well repaid for the sacrifice. what the "Knowledge, is power," L. be. subject may k I have omitted to mention that aneel Lvdia M. Vo.v F. Men have sung and written Eng- silk-industr-y, home-grow- n, g, - I Celestia Young Pack, Prest. Summit Stake R. S. no-mat- ter : I The medal the "first gold decoration of learning" the highest in its order, has recently been conferred upon Madam AH Kuli Khan, wife oFthe charge d' affaires of the Persian legation in Washington hy the Shah of Persia. She is one of the few women in the world so. honored. May you live long to bless the sisters that look to you beacon light; as-th-eir CiiristenaSorensen, : President R. S., Sevier Stake. Salt Lake City, Feb. 29, 1912. Bear Sister : May your life of activity and noble deeds ever be kept in sweet re- - 