yt,rk a a teacher among the youth of jum a work indeed more lasting than thc marble temple which is now dedicated j safety of life, the comfort and protection of women ami children; and while we realize there are other laws necessary, we feel that- with the strength of our votes we can procure them, and we are: not sleeping either. We have made many victories con-Ifide- nt magazine or ilewspapeidinost without assistance, placing in the hOmTs of the people, the hands of the traveler, the salesman,' the . ... laboivr ;m1 !,..- honor, strong and firm" though its fniuidations are, for lie huilded human lu'C'iL' ..11 .. tli.t uau I' -.v... ilmrtl ,,w,, UI invade shall which endure forever. character the ranks of ignorance and throw into the " 'and expect to make more. A. W. C. limelight the writing on the wall foretelling The other suffrage states hae made equal the onward march of progress. advancement, and are alive Co.c necessity The dauntless I,ucy.tine. launched on the of better laws, therefore,- we feel the JourAtlantic coast the clean nVd 'forceful nal criticism to be quite unjust. As unihe II onnni's Journal, in the rajflv papei, SUFFRAGE NO FAILURE IN UTAH. sixijev; versal siillrage is a foregone conclusion, if u bile on the other side of the continent Abialmost seems to needless the Scott gail argue question Dunniway started The Xew It - (juitc astonishing that a journal of before long editors and others will lor now, in orthwest fere in the intermoun-taiwi.ii- rcputation'and up:to-dat- e ideas like the be so accustomed to this, mark of progress I 'tali region woman. Miss F. Home Journal should take such a as to wonder why they ever opposed it. I.ula Orecne, started the Woman's Fh-m:t- , backward step as it has on the woman suf' in 1S72. Some time in the eighties the C. A. frage iiction, and especially surprising that brilliant Kate Field published her 'ash tin- rditor should he so thoroughly misin',; , w which, as though forceful, formed on that subject. In a recent number witty and popular; and now in recent vears, in an editorial entitled, "The signal failure WOMEN'S MAGAZINES. notable among women's magazines is the of woman suffrage, "the editor says I'ore Runner, alPoPits printed material -ranting there are some improved laws on Perhaps nothing more distinctly calls tor by that charming and brain v woman hc statute books of Wyoming. tTtah, Colconfidence, fearlessness and grit than the t'harlotte Perkins Oilman. The Woman's orado and Idaho, thc states where women venture of placing a magazine or newspaper Journal, published in Boston, is the official have voted for from fifteen to forty-tw- o in a field alreadv Hooded. A man would For organ of the Suffrage Association. still the largest and best number of it scarcely hazard the thought unless behind was published and edited bv many years I'imv for the nrotertion of life do not fvist the venture there were a rich corporation, Stone, later assisted by. her husband, iii those states, but in those other states or religious influence. Hut without .Mr. Plackwell. and t i later by her daugh-- . w lu re women do not vote." This assertion any uch backing, with only a desire to give ter. Alice Stone Plackwell. who at her moth- absurd on the face of it. for men in all to the world some new thoughts higher er's death succeeded her in the editorsliin the states have always had the power to ideals and advanced education, there have 'he Woman's Journal has been a power inmake thc laws and the younger western a few women brave enough and as deed in the caue of educational, political have ones for older thc with states, patterns, .some of their friends have told them, foolish and social advancement for women, and its s lu ted and framed the laws in accordance enough to make such a venture. Among present editor certainly deserves praise for with the best laws of older states and the these there have been, of course, some finanthe wonderful amount of information given in woman with institution but suffrage cial failures but from a literary standpoint through its columns about the progress of the these four states mentioned, at each legisthc women's "magazines have not only been suffrage cause and other kindred subjects. lature since the suffrage was granted new unique but praiseworthy and stand, as a The Xe:e Xortlneest, published in Portland, and splendid laws have been placed on thc mark of advanced thought for woman's probably came short of the necessary finan- statute hooks. In Utah no man can dispose cial .support for it ceased to be issued some elevation, socially and educationally. his of consent thc without field been denied has never The any property time ago; but during its publication it also literary wife and her written signature is necessary w but the to oman, proper preparation has; was potent for good and always advanced f r of or transfer the property. and considering mortgage the cause of higher education and privileges any prejudice and disadvanWV have the r law. the limit any tages she has had to contend against, one for women. Poor Kate Field died in Halaw a to is work, has or she woman girl marvels at the great advancement compelled waii, and her literary work was thus sudwhich affects not only the women in the names recall we the made. With admiration denly closed, but her paper, The Washingin and offices, the counters the behind factories, of Margaret Fuller ton, was full of bright and witty things and a Fanny' Fern, hut the nurses in the hospitals, and this law Kate Gannett valuable instrument for the suffrage cause. P route sisters, Lucy Stone. is enforced, while Maryland is only now Thc Tore Runner well, it is Mrs. Oilman Woods, Emmeline P. Wells. Abigail Scott has tab I law. s if you know her keen, bright, sharp, rejoicing over a Dunniway, Kate Field and Charlotte while raided the age of consent to eighteen, Oilman. witty and interesting. How long one womstates southern as. an's brain can hold out producing fiction, every one knows in the Today, when the magazines and newsit is as low as fourteen. criminals'have Two papers are not complete without their poetry, essays, criticism, reviews and all state the to women writers, it is scarcely possible to the varieties of literature with which its just this last month been sent . .11 :.. t 1.1 i ...A..: for one credit how brave "these women had to be io,iiiinis prison, one for. fifteen years and vmikii;, js ii,iiu u ieii oiu now hi the course of its third year this magazine dty-on- e to face the ridicule and opposition and some years, either sentence considering the respective ages means life imprisontimes persecution of a few years ago. Wheir bravely holds its own, is eagerly looked for ment, for rape, while. to quote Miss Jane the. great Charles Dickens caricatured the and pleasurably read. There are other women's papers, of Addams of Chicago': '"In the state of Ilwomen writers, and classed them all as the linois tho nnnishtnrnt for raoe is the same ridiculous Mrs. Jellaby. while other wits course,, but these arc the ones whose chief dolas that inflicted for the theft of fifteen dubbed them, "Blue"' Stockings" it was not aim is the advancement of woman. These lars' worth of property, and a man may not an easv matter to appear in public print, and are the ones whose battle has been long ' women he" extradited from one state to another for t the reason fought and gloriously won. that A. V. C. so slight an offense." writers used a nom de plume instead of their in Utah all' merchants are compelled to own. name.- Ridicule and eveai abuse were these noble women toiled bravely borne.-anplace stools or chairs behind the counters for A PILGRIMAGE. the convenience of the women clerks. We .fearlessly on, knowing that women were just if able as only as gifted as men and just claim a curfew law; and have no superior A little child,' wandering in woodland We laugh now, Juvenile court in the United States. Our the wav could be opened, ways, among the tangled grass and beside educational system ranks third in the union v.e women suffragists, when people say they, the brooklets, strangely wondered don't believe in "woman's rights," because at allrippling of states. It is unlawful to perform a marshe saw, and, more strangely still, we see, following the adthe under all or way along for girl riage ceremony any boy iit what she felt within her own little heart; thinkthe age of twenty-on- e without the consent vance guard, a great army of the best women-othe the wild flowers in the shady dells, the bees of the parent or guardian and such marriage ing most studious men and and singing birds, and, at night, when all world. "Such results are.duc not alone to the it performed can be declared void. Nor did seemed hushed and still,' the melancholy for a suffrageworkers who have lectured,-helthc wemen, of comfort the forget councils': croaking of the- frogs on and on and seem-- , ventions and, POT! .rinOTPSCPs a i hi: woman legislator framed and put through to echo afar, thoughts that were broodthe-- women ing to also but land, the off their law compelling-al- l throughout women to take' in her own untrained mind. All these who have burned the midnight oil the ing tats hi nnhlir frathennjrs, In tact our siusounds, sometimes harmonious, and. yet 01 a ute books are full of improved laws for the K women who have earned the burden -s - - - 1 1 .. 4 . : i i r j)n-jutuee- - 1. - l.a-iies- 1 n -- ". short-lived- pre-parc- u-ars- d . 4 1 1 Ik-c- ( ; ; ' " nine-hou- O-sill- i. . ten-hou- Per-kin- r, ' " 1 ; . that-mos- d " . f - " i wv - - 