NWS C V. - EXPONENT. . v.. -- ' EM ME LINE B.WELtS, LIT. D. . . The year 1912 among other remarkable things has a tuenty-nintl- f of February' thus 'vin- - (Mir .lear "Aunt Em" a birthdav. -- It?is quite ni.stomnry for a familv to celebrate the coming of ajje nf one of its jnem-ber- s and this rule, was strictly adhered to by the people of Utah" in the coming of rie nf their gifted and'lovoo! dtimi Mrs hmmeline 15. Wdls, who th h f. nr years, ,ld was permitted on this (.Hhv dav to 'tc her twenty-tim- . birthdav. ' It ' -.st impossible to udl the many :v a no admiration sent iLir,!'f1 wnufa uc aii.. weeks .preceding expressions m ,io, . i't'.'iutifuJ . to Mrs. Wells JirfrnV the and following her amrnVffy.letters froni stake presidents of Relief eties throughout the t.'hureh, cards and letters from friends in distant "lands telepeoplexame ponr-- ' grams from inr in upon her until he was almost overwhelmed with such evidences of admiration. r.ks hf tiii: V "My 'Mountain. Home So' Dear, com-- . pos'cd'by Mrs. Wells, was- the first number; a. 'quartet,' rendered by Fred C. Graham, Julian Thomas Jennie Skoltleld and Mrs Browning. Prof. Kimball's song by the Summerhays occa-io- n by quartet was repeated on this request. On the stand with Mrs. Wells and the Club wi re Governor f the Pre-s- .office r Th.'inas Hon. William Spry. noted people, while jj 11. Polierts and other tu' 'dience included prominent club wom- ' 'tor- - and literarv people ot the city. ie-- s Ue aid mat s a r ' ....- -J, 'nr nrv .In ' 'I'K '. oi nei l.ii'ois mi mini' i .., MIM" rwelfare of the tate. he- rvUyUK ih: interest in nu r V ' dirtc. tate, iv by neither creed. f(UCLed to i.v "MifcM ler taitli," Her manitV had 'e'r'n u.. practice "It l.s i. ... raiiK, hoi helpi'd dreams, her JnWs, , put, mu tlimiurlioiit her Ioiil' lite vVmrh hav to nut vou and me where we arc if Horn B. II. Rolerts paid a humorou? pretty eulrrg- to the guest of honor, saying - h,-- irST OCT OF HER TEEN'S. Our yonn Aunt Fin is just .;:t teens, Now hearken, my eJiildrcn. and learn 1 . h-n- c . r !:er means. She's had twenty-on- birthdavs e oned n score, And so she should he that' and twenty-on- e reck'- - i Tf. . TJnw cronies it then, children, that hi Fm" through her teens and was glad to f 5 EE conventi'.;;-M- l 'm's , haw -- " wa.w contntti.-ni- ne very rnrfv. little " dear' ' And after the days of the "Mormon" heira. Tn Kanosh. Koosharcm, Kanab and Kanarrali. Siie founded and organized women's societies-Li- ke the pickles ot feven and fifty varieties. The oldest inhabitant recalls with some sport How he took her to parties down in the- Old Fort. How she danced and cavorted and ne'er - would-surrende- r . So' long as the fiddle Pender. was played by Hop ' The Salt Lake policeman at night on his beat Knows perfectly well those tired youit tcetj She's the girl without rubber- -, stays out HIVE II 01' S E. two. Goes home in a hack to East Waterloo. And there isn't a boy to a grasshopper knee high. In Manti. Moroni or Nephi or Lehi, Who wouldn't stoop down and kiss at the hem Of that old Paisley shawl that covers AuntLni. s , And who is the man so bold and heroic r , Wrho could stand up and say like a blooming old stoic That evidence counts her age eighty-fouWhen of birthdays she's had but a limited, r, score?- SOCIETY RECEPTION. - Now hearken, my children, an,d you'll surely see The good Lord above us knows better than we. He said to Aunt Em as she came down.tne ' pike, "You are going to live just as long as you liKe. d, On the evening of the 29th" the General Officers and Board of Directors of the Relief Society held" an open reception in honor of their "president, Emmeline B. Wells. - , " A very large number of friends and rela- tives gathered on this occasion which W'as quite informal and very pleasing. The event was distinguished by some gems of .speech 'and literary thought, many of tlienr quite humorous, but the event of nip .rn.::t. Seemed to regard her with some veneration. .1 RELIEF the Woman's Fx;.. ation e. Another part of the, paper tells of the dinner party given by President and Airs. Julina L. Smith at the Beehive House on the afternoon oi the 29th. After this function the General Board of the Relief Society became" hostesses at a large reception in the auditorium of the Bishop's building 'which was the crowning. event of the festivities in honor of this distinguished lady. ' i: Kat. lf''d no opj..;,.,!t ' : -- E (dlcr than ;trt "l'-- rhc rirlie And tlie people who lived back in thai - served. 1 ' The pioneers crossed the Vet in one of their trains Salu-tamus- ," 1 Liirl way hark ;ffu;T from Longfellow's poem. "Morituri a favorite poem of her miller's, and Miss Nellie Shipp recited one of Mrs, Wells's poems "'My Dear Old Garden." The Press Club presented Mrs. Wells with a basket of roses, the presentation being made by little Miss Done. Governor Thomas and others took part in the program, after which refreshments were AT T fein over tin- world. aiinl1And lifting i.vr voice Julia Ward Howe an.l v And Susan B. Anthony all .Mrs. Annie Well- - Cannon read excerpts On the evening of the 28th of February Mrs, .Wells was guest of honor at a splendid entertainment given by the Utah Woman's Press Club of which club Mrs. Wells is The founder and honorary president. auditorium in the Bishop's building was the scene of this occasion, where gathered a large and representative number of Mrs. Wells's friends and admirers to do her honor. The la ore room was. beautifully decorated in the national colors with clusters of small Hags about the room and two large ones at the head of the building forming a drapery for a life size portrait of the guest of honor which occupied a central space. Flowers were everywhere in evidence, there were palms .and potted plants and vases of jonquils roses and carnations. The event was presided over by Dr. Jane Skol-fielpresident of the club, and the numbers on the program were introduced by the secretary," Mrs. Blake. v. A most delightful part of' the evening were the musical numbers furnished- by one of Utah's most talented daughters, Airs. Maggie Tout Browning, who not only sang" her numbers "on the .program but ve ry happily responded to the demands of the enthusiastic- audience and sang a number of fihtic. two of ha hrr - -- ti.ru. uhh. -- And For full forty ye:lr. As writer in chit (ft. and efforts and that she might live to see everv dream fulfilled. Mr. Rolerts said he would take the liberty of bestowing on "Aunt FmV a universal degree, for she beinter-- , longed not only to the tatc but had national claim 'both for sympathy and for admiration, for her work had been of worldwide scope in aim and effort:' he wished therefore to confer the degree of D. F. W. L. T., which interpreted means, "Dear This sentiment we love thee.1' was greeted 4t4a great applause. Fm-melin- m-1. She dreams reap the fruits of her youthful ; galore? ; see her emerge from them and arrive at her majority. He hoped her maturity would tells rv t . ''Aunt hcJiad-bmiVwatclnnglhcarecr- -- She has l,,nir been the widow nf ) :. ' ii U' Wells?, Has daughters who own up to fortv .r iI children and ram! ones and cjreat ;n,,rf ..Rts - Summerhays quartet sang the beautiful song"Mother o'er Israel" composed in Mrs. Wells's honor by. Prof. Edward IV Kimball. The meeting was presided' over by Mrs Elizabeth R. Wright, the president, who also paid a tribute to Mrs. Wells. The honored guest responded in a very quaint and pretty speech ;id related some of her pioneer experiences. The Relief Society parlors in the Bishop's building were beautifully decorated for the occasion and refreshments were served during a social hour after the program. - - ? -t- . I ' On Saturday the 24th of February the hcir-renlar Daughters of" the Pioneers demtcrl monthly meeting to her honor, the program including a sketch of Mrs. Wells's social and home life by her daughter Mrs. Annie Wells Cannon, and readings from her poems by her granddaughter Miss Katharine Cannon. At this meeting the . Fx-Go- I I . m KVi-V- I . - , or . evenmg- Wells the degree of Doctor of Literati; j! .the Brigham Noting University. Am,,,, guests were the i;irst Presidency ..f the Church, jnembers of the Church. j yo educatn, aiid .members of the faculi'v tw BrighanV uhg Universitv. in: f j;n,r President Primhall. Prof, and Sirs. and Mrs. Ida S. Dusenberry, n'r Wells acted as master of ceremor.i.'. ,n,j after a felicitous opening speeclrn c;!, the following original jingle which t; i!kt with Mr. Whitney's very intere-ti:- ! and reminiscent speech we reproduce at t!tl- rc. (uest of many readers. " - imm.nkers. trr.Mi woman's fur.ss ' . - D.uv.m lfersnnny (rtbers. fh d Garden;! 'TltcRciV; So he" gave her one birthday in four, don't yau see,- & '".';'.' ' . that. explains all the controversy. ymF u what So hearken, my children, and learn means,'' ' : . This dear bid young " girl is just out ot ner teens. . 