t mim m m III I AY nelUM am &r. mm V I in the hands of Vol. 40. -- th, ...... Mi.ll C. Fln !l..vv the Betsy Ross Was Made In Ualmy Southern California Aunt Myram's 41 Vnd 43 nov and Nev Reports: 43 . , 47 43, 4S Teton StakeOtfdon Stake Hear River Stake .htxrial: Greetings and Congratulation ... Progress of Women n tin- Last Seventy Years In Memoriam Organized Charity Mary Stevenson Clark ' Literary Xotes S - Ah 47 47 44 - 44 45 45 4 46 drv Youth au(l Old AgeTRuth May Fox Youth of Zion Fmmejiue II. Wells . 41 4. YOUTH AND OLD AGE. Inscribed to Sister K. P.. II ,uldM J X w ax. w t m. I o fy,,,- Veils.) Ilnw beautiful is youth! fresh, fearless, jray: Like laughing water, bounding down the steep In join the foaming torrent's frenzied dance; In Ji.iste to reach, the open sea. What then? With wond'ring eyes gaze on the mystic deep. hud farewell farewell forevcrmore. at Inst succcfullv accomplished uhcu at Wnterlor,, i 11 5,'Xapolcon's star MI tnun the and his power ceased forever. Charlo Dickens ua at that time three years old. having been born in 1812. The terrors of war having past; the world wa:. m the dawn of a new era or enoeh of let ters, and one of the brightest literary constellations that has ever lighted the world appeared when ( 'harles Dickens began his career. There were Sdtt Thackeray, Former (Dickens's greatest friend and biographer). .Macreadv the actor, Thomas CaV- lyle, Lvtton, Leigh Hunt. Dean Stanley, ieorge llenrv Lewes, and manv others. The years of ( harles Dickens's chddhoot and early manhood were important in the social hist)ry of the old world. Thev may be said to mark the parting of the ways between the past age and the present. He began life when coaches were the quickest means ot transportation from one part of the country to another; and yet he lived to cross the Atlantic in a steamboat. In reading Dickens's writings it is well to remember these facts and to think of London, the scene of most of his books, not as the Lon- don oi today witn tier wonaeriui underhi-aveu- 43 Klizaberti S. Wiloux Sketches from the Life of Eunice Billing V-.!- . m a feat Q . y m . ground railways, her network of electric contrivances for lighting and conveying messages, the great river Thames with expansive bridges where the greatest shipping of the world is carried on, and along whose How far more' beautiful is mellowed age. hanks now is one of the most interesting Which calmly lingers at the ebon gate. - roes eld await a passing breeze thoroughfares in ihe world, with statues, To waft their petals o'er the garden wall; obelisks, parks and palaces; but a great, Which looketh retrospectively upon dark city with thousands of inhabitants fruitful past, without remorse, stniLTiiling tor a livelihood in almost any Without regret for unaccomplished aims l wav that presented itself; advancing, cer- pain or woe, hot tears or aching limbs; kej..icing rather in the glorious end tainly. hut the great genius ot invention Had if wlnVli ifnc itirl ic nnrl vet shnll hp. not discovered itself when Dickens began his literary career. Rrpinings for departed youth, begone! So much of Charles Dickens's personal Like llow'rs, 'twas made to blossom and decay t life historv is in his writings that it is well' to eternal life belongs to age, Ml knowledge, wisdom, glory in its train. know something of the man hiinsclt. Charles John Iluffam Dickens was born IT.cn wherefore care if time our cheeks doth on Friday, February 7, 1812, at Landport in mar, 1'oth bind our furrowed brows with leaden I'ortsea. His father, John Dickens, was a bands. clerk in the navy pay office, working at this Refuses guidance to our tired feet, time in the Portsmouth dock yard; his Should even bid our quivering lips be still; mother had been a .Miss Flizabeth lJarron. r,!d age, like Everest's towering peak Shall rear its head until it pierce the skies. Of his father, a thriftless, luckless man, DickRuth May Fox. ens always spoke with affectionate regard ; is, tli-i- t ( i i : CHARLES DICKENS. A Review of His Life, Suggested by the Observance of His "? ' Birthday.: - & .. a ',. TV Home, the ' mm mmmmwmmmm . rx ttate mid the Nation. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, MIDWINTER NUMBER,' 1912 -- Gartk-- r Wonon of CONTENTS. (.'lories Dickens w World-Wid- e thie-Hundredth . At the beginning of the nineteenth century the civilized world was in almost a state of agnation so far as advancement along educational lines was concerned. Napoleon, that "ibst consummate and' indomitable of soldiers,, was marching through all. Europe with his "grand army,'-- carrying everything before him. The nations were terrified and - every effort every means, was being expended to assemble armies, train and equip, them ta meet this one great foe of nations tfiough it is well known he was the model for the famous character Micawher. To his mother, who apparently misunderstood him, and yet to whom he owed all he' had of early education, he seldom referred. He was by no means an only nor a favored child, being" the second" in a family of eight children. After a short residence in London, when Charles was between four and five years old the family moved to Chatham, where many made upon his strong impressions "were mind, even though so young; and which in some ways are marked, in his later life and vorks. It was here he first learned. to read, motherV ;He was having been taught by his fond of reading, fond of dreaming and his father's library, which though not large possessed some rather fine books, was Dickens's- No. 6. delight. He cared little for games and outdoor sports, and was a rather small and delicate child. 'The books he read, and whose characters he afterwards lived and acted, were, "Tom Jones," "Roderick Random' "Peregrine Pickle." "Humphrey Clinker," "The Vicar of Wakefield." "Don Quixote," "dil Illas." "Robinson Crusoe," "and the "Arabian Nights" strange books fox so young a child, but he himself saws in the mouth of David Coppcrfield: "they did me no harm, for whatever harm there was in some of them was not there for me. I knew nothing of it." During the last two years at Chatham he attended school; and when he was nine, the family moved back to London. . Now began the sadness and trials of the Inn 's life, the memories of which lie could never efface nor the causes did he ever forgive and yet to this very time of trial for the little fellow the world owes much, for it was then he saw and learned the cruel side of life; it was then his nature was so touched with the lowly, the pathetic, even the crim; inal side ; it was then that he walked and toiled among the poor, the unfortunate, the crinjinr and the wicked, but nossessed of his Cod-give- n gifts of thought fulness, discernment, character study and a wonderful mind, Tluupeoplc he met and the lessons he learned in his .sorrow have brightened and 'delighted many hearts; when pictured-ancharacterized by his most facile pen. Of these (lays he himself writes : jf know that I have lounged about the streets insufficiently clad and unsatisfactorily fed. I know that, but for the mercy of God, I might ' easily have been, for any care that was taken of me, a little robber or a little vagabond." Through the adverse circumstances of his parents he was compiled to go to work and found employment pasting labels on boxes of blacking. Trying to help his mother and make the most he could out of a shilling a day, exposed to everything painful and evil, it is a wonder that his delicate body neither succumbed to the privation and exposure nor his character yielded to the evil influences ; but Providence prevented cither thing happening, and instead his poverty actually became the schoolmaster which produced the great novelist. Yet the memories of these days, while they provided many of his best characters, were abvays "painful to him, ,and in later life he avoided the streets and alleys that had been his early haunts; even twenty-fiv- e years later" he could only with . difficulty speakof those three years of his . ware- apprenticeship in' the house, when, his father, with the rest of the family, were in Marshalsea the, debtor's prison. So blank were his evenings .that at last he remonstrated with his father and a more suitable lodging wasv found for him near Marshalsea, --and in future days the -abode of Bob Sawyer. . r In 1824, when Charies Dickens was twelve years old, through a small legacy and the insolvent" debtors' act, John Dickens, the father was released from Marshalsea slioe-blackf- -- ng ' ; , 