..... , XT; w 5 Vs7-:- . . . J n MViV W1V1-V1N- ........ - in i O Onan of the 41, Vol. SALT L LnUir-da- y Saints' WtOman's lldkf AKE CITY, UTAH, NOVEMBER, 1912 CONTENTS. ......Annie Wells Cannon Aunt Km nitan Village 1 , VJ ' About Women N'..t 94 ilni Mlokl Hints lu!i Society Reports Hear Lake Stake " iw Sui t h Sanpete Stake Ihichesnt Stake Wasatch Stake i".rrespondence Or- 20 n 21 Lillian II. Anderson Sarah K. Rusell 21 21 .Augusta Joyce Crocheron 17 Consolation... Maud Ellen llaggarly 17 19 Changes II '.. Thanksgiving Day - 1 &- - 24 I I'm' try v : 24 Important Step.. in Relief Society , ganization lie Election .More Mates tor Suffrage cc V; - 23 I'lliicrial Self-Sacrifi- 4 . : " - "i 17 !givmg Half a Century Ago Tli No. 3. and as has been written by one of her friends, "In the community where she lived her very name is held in reverence and esteem for her noble 'qualities of heart and mind and the great good sheMias accom- T7 . I Society. plished." Jane Snyder Richards was' born January 3 1,1 823, at Pamelia, Jefferson County, New York. She was the daughter of Isaac and Louisa Comstock Snyder, the former a native of Vermont, the latter of Massachusetts. Early in 1834 while Iwing at East Camden in the province of Ontario, Canada,, the Snyder family heard the gospel preached by a traveling missionary and two of the family, a brother .and sister, were converted. The brother visited Kirtland, where he met the Prophet Joseph Smith, and was afterwards sent as a missionary among his own people and succeeded in converting his father's household. The Snyder home became an open house for the missionaries and among them came the young elder, Franklin I). Richards, whom the young daughter, Jane, married in December,', 1842, taking up their abode in Nauvoo. In the first record of the Relief Society is written the name of Jane S. Richards being ad: mitted to membership at that memorable meeting in 1844, where Emma Snithread an epistle on Innocence. This was held to the martyrdom of the . THANKSGIVING DAY. O'er all the land, wherever waved Our starry flag, the call has sped, over calm" or roughest seas. To continents and isles has fled. On lightning's wings into the hearts That know and love its meaning well: No matter what the scene, or where Our country's sons aricf daughters dwell. A And Upon that day there, shall arise As licht spreads over all the earth, incense; to Ills" throne their prayers Like : .For this dear hvi tnt: .ave'.lnenv birnlr; Ancrjoj" and giatitude for nil Its bounteous harvest and its peace, Its wastes that wake to industries Where manhood's worth and power increase Frugal and plain in dress and face, Those Pilgrims kept this holida, Remmbering how His guidance brought Them through the trackless, stormy way; Mmv, from strancc foes, their lives were spared, How the stern wastes their labors blessed; And. consecrated to their God, Tlu-ilives' as He should use them best. And God, in answer to their faith, Sm blessed them that but prophet's eyes, Could have foreseen what yet should come; Tiut like a beacon should arise - JANE SNYDER RICHARDS. IN MEMORIAM. The harp strings may be shattered And the rose leaves xnyy bescattered; But the memory remaineth, And the love that we have cherished And the hope that we have nourished The immortal soul retaineth. E. B. W. It matters not how long1 one may expect death when the final summons comes there is always something- of a shock and a heart throb not anticipated.' So, though we had known for some time of the illness of our dearlv beloved Sister Richards,- still when the word came that she had passed through the portal of death it brought with it a fcelinq- o loneliness and of sorrow. A flood The government and laws inspired ; of reminiscences passes before one's mind H"older nations yet should see awaking thoughts of all that noble band of Its rbg in all and land, every pioneer, Relief Society workers of which reverence its majesty. Sister Richards was almost the last. Few And 'neath its care, mighty, sheltering. women can look back along the years with cdom to worship ound at last such a record of worthy deeds as Sister Tlu true path back to that high Source Fn m Avhenrp lifp'c wnndYincr ;tens had oassed. Jane. Richards. A member of the Relief Th; :sgiving! for our own dear land, Society in Nauvoo Sister Richards conT we've found, for the Truth nksgivingl tinued from that time on in the great work An. help us Lord,- that our life's work . H make the whole earth Freedom's of helping the distressed. She knew no place to draw the line when therfe was a call, for, groiind. of Augusta Joyce Crocheron. help. She surely lived with the spirit Sal ake City, Relief Society work, ever in her heart and ov. 15, 1912. ' with untiring and gentle. zeal ministered to thp w.nnts of thousands ; she clothed the dis CHANGES. naked, fed the hungry, comforted the tressed, admonished the erring ana upReioice, Or grieving heart! , braided not. The stranger ever found a The hours fly fast; With each some shadow flies, ithin her home. She lived a life With each some sorrow dies, of unbounded charity, truly one oi God's ' Until at last noble daughters, who tried to the utmost to The red dawn in the east Rids yeary night depart, do the Father's bidding and forgot not the And pain is past, commandment "Love thy neighbor as tny-i- f . Rejoice, then, grieving heart, JW nome is held in lovincf remem? The hours fly fast! brahce by all those who;.worked Avith herj v, Selected. - - - - - Si'-.ul- 1 s - -- -, . : , - . -- 'nprjl.prr there any record held in Nauvoo. The Richards family left Nauvoo in 1846 with the rest of the Saints, enduring with them the trials and hardships incident to that historic exodus, but even before reaching Winter Quarters the young wife upon for another trial, her husband having been called to Europe on a mission and leaving his family on the way to an unknown land. Twenty days after his departure she gave birth to a son who which was-calle- is -- d only lived a few days. Mrs. Richards remained at Winter Quarters until 1848 when her husband returned from England and together they proceeded on their western pilgrimage, reaching the Brother valley in October of that year. Richards fulfilled a second mission to England in 1856 and again this brave little woman was left with great responsibilities, in which, however, she proved her strength . J of character and fortitude. The old Richards home in the Fourteenth ward was for many. years a landmark, being one of the finest and most pretentious of residences in the city, and it was the scene of: many splendid entertainments, the hosIn pitality of the owners being proverbial.' 1867 Apostle Franklin D. Richards was called by President Young' to settle in Og- den and look alter the Dunmng up 01 uic Weber stake of Zion. It was at this time that Sister Richards began her active work in the Relief Society cause', which never it flagged nor waned until forced to givefew the last up on account of failing health even then, when years of her life; though unable to do the practical work, her interest V in the cause never ceased. , . -- : . . 