ceremonies. white Sister Smith, in her beauti f ul silk dress', very home-mad- e graciously-receive- - . -- Jk-nera- l -- v ; ' in a tribute, "Her life was full to the brim of usefulness in the Master's service. Everywhere she went she scattered bless' ings, and her life was one of peace." Her unceasing efforts in the cause of righteousness, her gentleness and unselfishness should be an inspiration and example to us all. On March 12, 1909, Sister Annie Taylor Hyde, First .Counselor to Sister Smith, She had held posipased peacefully away. tions of trust and responsibility in our organization, which she always filled with honor. She had journeyed far and wide in the interest of the Relief Society. Sister Rebecca E. Mantle Little, another member of the General Board, passed to the beyond May 29, 1909. While Sister Little had been a member but a short time, by her excellent work she had made her influence felt. March 3, 1912, Sister Emma S. Woodruff passed away; She was wife of the late President Wilford Woodruff, and hail been a valiant member of the Hoard from the beginning. Several stake officers, who have done faithful work, have also passed away, but they still live in the hearts of their ex-celle- nt, co-worke- rs. . At the October conference, 1910, Sister Emmcline B. Wells was sustained as President b the. Relief Society of the Church of Saints through-ou- t Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y the World, with Sister Clarissa S. Wil liams as Firsjt Counselor and Sister Julina L. Smith, Second Counselor. The storing of wheat has been a cause of anxiety to almost every stake. On account of the difficulties encountered, the First Presidency and the Presiding Bishopric recommended that the grain owned by the Relief Society be stored in elevators, built for the care and storing of wheat,. and which were owned and operated by responsible " T t t uavv. lit ijuuiv, o i.cvrvv-- aiaiivuiv,ino iaiuv.J been made by which money is paid to the o Presiding Bishopric for wheat, and they deposit that amount of wheat at the elevator, based on the current market price, .which method has. been found beter than depositing wheat in local grist mills and far more satisfactory than tnat ot each Keliel bociety building a separate granary. Letters of instructions in regard, to the matter were sent to each stake. .During the past five years calls have been made by the Presiding Bishopric for large supplies of linen and material for the Dr. Groves' L. D. S. Hospital. The amount of - one-ha- lf . Em-meli- Ap-pleto- - ne n's ,;ul ;'iV "V been contributed. P'rom reports received and from made it is seen that the officers' and ' :! bers are working in harmony for of the cause of the Relic: - eiety. Of.ivR D. Christknskn, Secreta, t , RELIEF SOCIETY CONFERENCE. The conference of the Relief Society was held in the Tabernacle, Ti.nis-day- . Oct. 3, 1912, with President Emni ime ' B. Wells presiding. The singing during the conference was furnished by the Relief Society choir of Granite stake. -- September-50r-19- ia -- supplies was apportioned, and the stakes sponded liberally. ,The articles were cut opt ami' made by members' of the Society-freelas1 a lal)or of love. In the beginning of the year 1912, the First Presidency requested President Wells to take, up the matter of preparing Temple clothing, with the idea that the General Board prepare and keep on hand suitable clothing for those going into the Temple, President and also for burial purposes. Wells appointed Counselor Julina L. Smith chairman," she to appoint her own committee ; and as a result there is on hand a supply of beautiful clothing, which can le rented or purchased at a reasonable price by those presenting letters of recommendation from their bishop and the President of the Relief Society. Moral conditions in the larger cities have rendered it necessary for the Board to take steps along the line of protecting our young people from existing evils. A committee appointed by the President has lecn working, in connection with a committee from other organizations, along these lines.ihe Relief Society is always ready and wjlling'to respond to calls for the alleviation of suffering and distress A beautiful example of this was the general and cheerful response made to the call for assistance for the Chinese and the Mississipi flood sufferof the amount ers. Probably over that was raised by the whole state of Utah was contributed by the Relief Society. The subject of sanitation and preventive measures in sickness, is causing agitation in. the world generally, and efforts are being made to interest the members of the Relief Society in this important subject. Circulars containing valubale information have been sent out by the Board of Health, through the General Board, to the various stakes, with the hope that it will be a great assistance in the prevention of disease. One of the important events that have happened during the past year is the placing of an article, written by President B. Wells, containing a brief history of the Relief Society, also portraits of the five presidents of the Relief Society, with a sketch of the life of each president, in American Biographical Cyclopedia. The articles are beautifully written by President Wells, and reflect credit upon the organization, and will present the work of the Relief Society in a proper light before the world. The work of our great organization is constantly progressing. Many stakes have distinctive features which have been" of benefit to them. An example of what can be done by individual wards in various stakes of Zion is the effort that has been made in raising funds for special purposes by the collection of "Sunday eggs." Large amounts have been raised in this manner for building houses and for various other purposes. During the past five years an effort has been made to interest the Relief Society in genealogical and Temple work. In some stakes geeualogical classes have been organized, and other- - stakes are anticipating having these classes introduced ; and. a much greater interest is being taken in this and in Temple work. Among the important events is the building of Relief Society halls, Relief Society rooms in meeting houses, .assisting- in the re- d the guests. On February 29, 1912. the eighty on rth birthday anniversary of President Emmcline H. Wells was fittingly celebrated by the Board. One of the chief feature of the occasion was the conferring, of the honorary degree of Doctor of Literature by the Brigham Young University '"of Provo through its president, Joseph F. Smith, upon President Wells, who received this very unusual honor in the sweet and modest manlier so characteristic of her. Many glowing tributes were paid to "Aunt Km," and the occasion was one to be long remembered. Jt is with feelings of sorrow and reverence that we record the death of our late beloved president, Sister Bathsheba W. Smithy which occurred Tuesday morning, building', of ward meeting houses amusement halls, purchasing'sacraniem vices, niusical instruments, linen, etc. M yards of carpet and thousands of quihs money required for 'the- purchase of these " semi-annu- al MORNING SESSION. . Hymn. "Hail to the brightness ot '.u glad morning;" prayer by Mrs. Julia P. n M. singing, "Scatter Sunshine." Loving and congratulatory address of welcome bv President Emmeline B. Wells; and interesting response bv Mr. Mary J. R. West; duet, "Truth Reflects Farnsworth ; elo-que- nt Upon the. Senses," Mrs. Green and Mrs. Curtis. Reports of the Relief Society of the following stakes were given as follows : Ogdeiv stake, by Mrs. Sarah M. Taylor; Sevier stake, bv Mrs. Christina Sorensen ; IX'seret stake, by Mrs. Mary M. Lyman. Counselor Julina L. Smith spoke in appreciation of the work done by the Relief Society. When thcPProphet Joseph Smith organized the Rehef Society, she said, he could see further than We can see today. Zion is growing and the Relief Society is prospering, and the work will continue to grow, Mrs. Smith urged the young girls t o dress modestly, as becoming to Latter-daSaints; also spoke of arrangements having been made for the making and supplying of suitable clothing for. the dead. Mrs. Elizabeth S. Wilcox in an- addres y . . ' said in part : "It'is a great blessing and privilege to be living today the day of .fulfillment ot prophecy and of the dreams of great inventors and discoverers". The present time is the most glorious ever upon the earth. the work of the inspired discoverers and inventors we Could not today be enjoying the blesings we now have. If they had not had their great dreams and had they not been inspired to work them out, think of the advantages we should have been deprived of today. Columbus was inspired to wake the sacrifices he did in discovering the western country the revolutionary fathers, "and the soldiers suffered to make possible the liberty of this beautiful land. We reap the benefits and sacrifices of all of this. Mrs. Wilcox told of the attention how beot ing given to the subjects', of health awl ot the work, being done by the state board health. She recalled that a prominent man once said that he believed the time wouK come when a normal child, born, of norma to e parents, would consider it 'a reproach are in ill health, and it seems that efforts now being made to bring about the iul of that condition. The Bible, no said, "tells us-- . that greater things hath ith-o- ut . - , . nil-me- nt 