i ' Woman's Exponent EMMELINE li. WELLS, Editor and Publisher ANNIE WELLS CANNON, Assistant Editor. Published monthly in Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms: 'if. 00: one copy h4x months; 50 cts. nn ronv ont No reduction ma.le for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, extra for postage ene year, 25 ct. Advertising rates: Each nquare, ten linerbf space one time fj.50; per month, $3.0. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. Exponent office rooms 28 and 2lJ, 2nd floor Hishop'.s Building, 40 North Main Street, Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to Mrs. E. B. WELLS, vr. non-pari- Silt Laks Citt, Utah. " u$ Enttrtd at the Post Oflic in Salt Lake City. iteonJ class matter. Salt Lake City, Utah Novembek,' IMPORTANT STEP IN RELIEF ETY ORGANIZATION. iah 1912 SOCI- Counselors Clarissa S. Williams and Julina L. Smith 'Visit North Western States Mission. . i Relief Society have had in mind the uniting of the several branches of the Relief Society in the mission fields under a central head similar to the stake organizations. Last summer, through correspondence with President ; Emmelinc B. Wells this move was effected in the Central States Mission under the direction of Pres. Ellsworth. Mrs. Ellsworth was appointed president. The next move was the-- organization of the Northwestern States Mission. On the Sisters Clarissa S. 12th of October Williams and Julina L. Smith accompanied by Miss Emily Smith left home for Portland, Oregon, to hold conference with the sisters of the Northwestern Stales Mission and effect this new organization. Their trip was most successful in every particular and will certainly bring splendid results. The sisters were not only well received among our own people but the people generally in the cities they visited paid them homage and recognized the great value of the work in which they are engaged. The Oregon Daily Journal published in Portland contained a very interesting article about them and their work besides printing the pictures of both Sister Williams and Sister Smith, under the heading, "Many Helped Through Their Kindness." The following is what the Journal says, excepting for some errors in names which we have corrected, otherwise the article is republished in full : MRS. JOSEPH SMITH AT CONFERENCE BABY, HOME MAY BE LOCATED IN PORTLAND. ' - Two noted women, one, 'Mrs. Julina Smith, the wife of Joseph F. Smith, head of the Mormon church, and the other, Mrs. Clarissa1 S. Williams, sister to the late noted John Henry Smith, wife of State Senator W. N. Williams, came alf the way from Salt Lake City to Portland last week, to participate with the women of the local 'Mormon church in the organization of a Northwestern States Relief Society. These two women, who were accom-panie- d by Miss Emily Smith, a daughter of Joseph F. Smith, attended the several conferences held .last week, at the Mormon church at East Tenth and Sherman streets, : , . -- TO CARE l'OR WAIFS." Mrs. William's took the' initiative in this work,, and a society, which was at '1first he thought to be impossible, was perfected. of the object of this society is the relief babies needy, but special attention is paid, to whose parents are destitute: or who have been left parentless and homeless. As a result of the visit here and of the new agitation made by these .women, a Port-lan- d baby home may "be founded soon in by the Mormon church, but not until after the organization has seen to it that the baby homes already established here are able to care for themselves without the aid of the Mormon society. During the conference held here, lecture were given to the young girls .and women of the church, in which they were urged to live right, and to take special care of their dress, so that they need not attract unnecessary and uncomplimentary attention. The work 'in that direction will be made a regular feature of the local society and is a .campaign that is being carried on by all ti-- : . -- For some time past the presidency of the awn several very large granaries irrUtar In case of a great disaster, the wheat is s or if necessiu to secure immediate-fundsthe wheat is shipped to the points where is needed. It was the Mormon women who sent firt relief train to San Francisco at the of the earthquake, and it was the women this church who made the first big wlu donations to the starving in China. '". attention of the society is now directed t the sufferers in Mexico, who have b- made victims of the uprisings there. 'Hi membership of this great organization nun. hers more than 30,000. An increase in th local membership is the object of a can, paign to be started here soon. and through their efforts, the. organization, which is a branch of 'the largest : and. wealtlnest Woman .Relief- - society in the world, was .perfected. societies. In connection with the charitable work that is done by this organization it should be made plain that the women do not confine their efforts to the people of their church only, although they receive first attention, but they work in all quarters. During the visit of the two noted women in Portland, many calls were made in homes where it was known that help was needed, and necessary aid was given. OFFICERS . ARE NAMED. Tire officers of the new society organized last week, who were named at the closing session, are Mrs. Martha J. Ballard, pres- ident; Mrs. Margaret Sloan, first counselor; Mrs. .Mary Wrestagard, second counselor; Mrs. May Carlyle, secretary ; Mrs. Ida Day, treasurer, all of Portland. These women will have charge of all the relief work in the states of Oregon, Wash- ington, Idaho, Montana, and 'in British Columbiaand they will have charge of the organization of other local societies in various northwestern cities and towns where none now exist. The new officers of the local organization, all of whom were reelected from last year's lists, are Mrs. Emma Hawley, pres- -' ident ; Mrs. Margaret Sloan,, first counselor ; Mrs. Mary Hanager, second counselor ; Mrs. Zemona Hawley, secretary,; Mrs. Agnes Crover, assistant secretary, and Mrs. Hatfie Bowers, treasurer. Mrs. Mattie Ballard was named as assistant to the president. Special attention is to be gtven at once to the Baby home on Ellsworth avenue, where cojntnbuons of clothes, food and funds will be made. As has been said, this is probably the . wealthiest woman's relief society in the world. r . ' f PLAN MEMBERSHIP CAMPAIGN. .The women make a ' regular business of - storing wheat as a source of income and each year they receive donations of thousands of .bushels of wheat, which they sell when the market" is highest. The women ' THE ELECTION. After the battle, the reaction. In military warfare, the first thing after the strugg' and the decision who is the victor conn--thuniting of the forces ami the peao offerings. We trut this will be the present effort after this great political struggle which recently swept over the country. people have seldom engaged in an election where so many issues seemed at stake and such a division of thought existed, but the fundamental principles of American government are such that the people gen erallv feel whatever political party holds the reins of power there are always statesmen enough to steady and control the beating pulses of the people and lead them into safe and prosperous channels. Governor Wood-roWilson is a statesman, and has proven in his public career that he is a wise, conservative and progressive leader, and while there will necessarily be many great changes in the administration of affairs, it is only just, to believe that the peace and prosperity of the nation and the people will be the first consideration of those who have been chosen to govern. The people themselves have expressed their choice and placed their trust in the hands of the Democratic, leaders ; it now remains to those leaders to prove the trust is not misplaced. There is one mighty power that rules alf nations and allpeoples, and man is only the instrument in the hands of God to accomplish His purposes. That the Constitution of the United States is an inspired instrument and the organization of this great republic was effected, by inspired men has always been the belief of everv Latter-da- y Saint and He who guided and directed the great men of the past will also guide and direct the great men of the present and at all times in His own way work out those problems which to 'mortal mind- seem incomprehensibler After the storm comes the calm. Now should all parties unite for- those methods which will bring about the best results regardless of past grievances and disappointments. "The people have spoken through their ballot and have elected Woodrow Wilson and his party to hold the reins or government for the next four years. Let us hope the people whT now work for the best interests of the nation with p. united effort and a fervent faith that prosperity and peace may continue 'to prevail over this great? nation. . Tin-America- 4 w . i - s f . i 