J- "' and his party, and attacked the governor; the council, the assembly, everybody and everything connected witlVthe ruling class. Squibs, lampoons, ballads. vitticim, satire and whatever 'would serve its purpose, were made uo of without tinU The people felt tliev had an organ in which to air their grievances and make known their wants, and they fully appreciated their privilege in this wav. It was indeed the forerunner of the Heralds, the Tribunes, Suns. Worlds, and Journals of later years. Bradford replied, defending the governor and his party, hut his editorials lacked the pith anil vigor of Zanger's, - all may sec wno will :;o to the public library for the information and compare the two. At length the government nv up and did what increased the influence of this editor, by declaring four issues of the" Journal. "libelous" and ordering them burned by the public hangman, at the same time directing the mayor and alderman, who were of the popular party, to attend and witness the The spirit of resistance was ceremony. strong, and the mayor and magistrates refused to obey the order. They declared it arbitrary and without authority of hv. Then the governor,, who was a weak man, and his advisers went till further; they seized Zanger.' the editor, and threw him into prison on a charge of criminal libel. Now his frienK multiplied; where he had one before he now had ten or more. They rallied, not so much for him, perhaps, as for the defenc. of a free 'press, and the rights of the people to criticize their officials. The excitement spread to the neighboring, colonies, where the issue of the trial was looked forward to with the greatest interest. The leaders of The popular party at that time were James Alexander and William Smith. T.oth .at once volunteered to defend Zanger. Smith had been city recorder and was noted for his captivating eloquence. Alexander had been surveyor general and was also noted for his legal ability, as well as his silver tongue. Un fortunately for the case in hand their zeal led them wrong, and 'they made the grave mistake, at the outset of boldly challenging the legality of the commissions of Chief Justice De Lancey and Justice Phillipse, the two judges that composed the court that was to try Zanger, on the ground that they were not worded in the usual form and were issued by ihc governor without the consent of the council. a- Judge Dc Lancey was of Huguenot an- cestry, of the' aristocratic party, stout, florid, pompous in mariner, a great stickler for the dignity and prerogatives of his. office, and held this plea of the attorneys to be a gross contempt of court. As soon as he could command his voicet lie said : "You have brought it to that pass, sirs, that either we must go l from' the bench or you from the bar." Excluding them from further practice he assigned John Chambers to defend Zanger. There was no appeal for disbarred attorneys in; that day, but the oppose rs were: men of resource and they jiastened to Philadelphia and secured, to "assist" Chambers, Andrew Hamilton, reputed to be the ablest and most eloquent advocate then in the colonies.' At jthc same time, through the press andjiy private conversation in the club; and in coffee houses, 'made, . they public " . f44f., tion arrived. These ladies were .; 'civcd by the local club women with open .. i'.s and' everything possible done for then entcr-,itainment.: A mass meeting was In the Tabernacle", where after a few 'Is of welcome by Mrs. A. J. Gorham. t! posi dent ot the Mate rederation for iali, the visitors made brief talks along th- lr lines of work, after which an o -- an n.. cital was given by Professor MeClc";-!and musical numbers by Professor I5rit?v- -. tenor soloist, and Willard Weihe,' violini j'K. then escorted a to Iunc!:e.n at ladies were Club where cow:-the Commercial ncrc laid for five hundred guests. The '.mcheon was followed by an informal reception at the Hotel Ctah, after which the viitor were escorted to their train and left r San Francisco. The Utah delegation number-inabout fifty. left the following d;.. The Ctah" women are very proud of the attention paid them at the biennial and cspeciallv so of the compliment to our state in the of Mrs. McMahon, a Ctah woman, as general auditor for the federation of Mrs. McMahon in preparing the v,s program for the biennial arduous but so generally satisfactory that this recognition, though unexpected. wa well deserved. The refusal to take any poitin (.ji the suffrage question was something in a dis- appointment, especially to the women of the West and we can not help but regret that so influential a body of intelligent wmen should not have realized that the hot weapon they could have to further their great work along reform and educational strik.lines would be the ballot. The ing figure at the. gathering is said, to have been the Paroness Bertha Von Suttnur. the woman who has done so much ir universal peace in foreign lands: and while all these beautiful American women homage and gloried in passing her resolution by acclamation, they refused tu indorse the work of a still greater woman, l'. their own country woman,' the late Mr Anthony, whose great work for has also included higher education, uiuversai bencht peace and every reform that would The resolutions adopted and humanity. THE GENERAL FEDERATION OF which will undoubtedly be urged upon the WOMEN'S CLUBS. and cities government of the different states '1 he are as follows : eleventh biennial', convention" of Federation of Women's Clubs Jield 1 That a vote of thanks be extended lia 'resilient Taft for his appointment ot recently in San Francisco was by far the children most important and interesting convention Lathrop, to the head of the held thus far. .In' former vears the work bureau. pi the club women, while educational and. 2 That the federation unite wrtli .tl Pansocial, lias not'snown such power and conin erecting a monument at government trol over the vital questions of the hour as ama in commemoration of the .completion was evidenced at this last biennial. Thex of the. Panama canal. most important thing manifested bv the '"'3 Indorsement of the good roads movwomen's clubs is their interest in civic conement aiubof a great national highway to ditions. "From Drowning to garbage-cans.- " as the Lmcolndiiglnvay. ana trom social amusements to street 4Conscrvatio1i of natural resources improvements, from sentimental charitv work to the of the. curtailment ot tort's prevention real tenement, house reforms, is .a reserves... k tor women's club! but it is Cave. Mammoth 5 Preservation of actuallwbeing taken by the wide awake w6n7e.fi : of these v.' . detectnes organizations. ot 6 Bills for the betterment ' : For a week prior to hi San children. r. , brancisco, the club women'of Salt Lake ine " -by the. appointment united mjorrmng a reception committeeCity tioiial Favoring r of .a coninum (KluTation-asiatioito entertain delegates on the Several to outline a course of study for sex hygicn f way. hundred Visitm. delegates ..passed to be taught in all nornlal schools: ha,t Jkc- City and remained over'through a brief 8 Appointment of clubs Jto time but the principal ' feature with .. agricultural colleges and eroiionn n sighting, entertainment was when the car confor the study of economics. taining the officials of the General Federa- - organizations 9 Favoring a bill to create the estain the story of their own wrongs, and the mer. its and demerit' of. the case. When the trial was called earjy in July, 173f Hamilton appeared eager for the fray and was greeted with shouts of approval' by the people who saw in him the champion of popular rights. His first reply to the indictment was that tlie articles in the Journal could not be libelous because they were true. I!radle) the king's attorney-genera- l, took exception to this plea and quoted the old English law that even the truth, if repeated with intent to injure another, was .libelous and punishable as such. Vo. for weeks, the legal battle raged with varying fort ur.es p the combatants, and for weeks the entire body of the colonics wailed to see if the press was to be muzzled, or left to be the Argus:cyed exposer of official corruption and the defender of the people's rights. length, after a charge by the judge unfavorable to the prisoner, the case wa given to the jury,' who, after being out but a few moments, returned with a verdict of "Not guilty." The ie"p:r reeeived it. with shouts of approval, and were so delighted that they lamilton on their would have carried shoulders but he would not permit it. The corporatism,' however, tendered him a banquet, at which he was presented with the freedom of the city in a gold box; and the same evening a gra,nd ball was given in his honor. In this first distinctly avowed contest for their rights the people of New York won a great victory. What rapid strides have been made in journalism, and what power has emanated from the press since that eventful time when newspapers were young and had to struggle for an existence! Now we may well say the' J newspapers "set the pace" for communities it is not easy to determine how great their influence is"kver the people in all departments of art, science and commercialism on land and sea in peace and in war. .Pong live the Press the Press forever! . n ; ! - diiu-r-cu- t . . , ; g . .t -e- lection Ilk-wor- nt just-hel- 1 m-- t paid-he- 111 the-Genera- l Mi-Ju- 1 . . " Ion'"-lea- - .: Ken-tuc- :' ' - ; ' . the-gatherin- . . g . . - co-ope- ra - 