'"Woman." ' Woman is "a says St., Thomas Aquinas, imrapidly, growing, weed; an perfect being! Her IhmIv attains maturity more rapidly than man's only because it rs of Tc value, and Nature iV engaged Itrss in her making. Women are .horn to e eterke pf their nally uiaintaificcl tinder the I . lor(l and inalers. who are endowed by Na- ture with superiority in every respect, and therefore destined to rule'. 'Woman." tliunders Tcrtullian: WonKrn ! von ought to go about elad in ih Miming and in ra'Js vour eve Oiled will) tear-- , of re- morse, to make us forget that ou have been mankind's destruction the late of fell!'' Woman, you are J I ( .. . wish to do for a few minute' is What gravel v to consider how we can jmprove this F so-call- ( ed . late ot I leH, would educate her educate her high-leducate her dccplv. educate her broad-lv- . would let up" on accomplishments. chem Less embroiMerv. more istry and biology: hs bridge, more mathematics, history ami philosophy; less Sordello. more economies and sociology; and more reciju-sand science; fewer pseudo-gracemore knowledge and love of humanity; less talk about great uames, and more familiar-- . ity with what made them great; far less of the purely feminine, and far more of the highly human. As a man thinkcth so he is. As a woman tlunketh so she is. The. mind Incomes that which it contemplates. Regard the wide universe, not with a vacant and idle stare, but pondcringly ; sooner or later you will become universal. Look always upon a sphere small in diameter, small in circumference, and. your mind will hold that sphere and no .more. It may have its beauty, that asteroid, its hothouse flowers and its Chinese trees, but you will miss the stars at midnight, the salt ot, the' sea, and the winds that blow from afar. The intuitive power of woman is very . great. When to this is added intellectual power, when the vine of the mind, which in woman has been made '"for countless generations to lie prone, to run idly, to waste all its strength and sweetness when the vine of her mind is raised, trained upon the trcllis v. I fewer-charm-di- . -- . p self-indulgen- ; ce 11V (lemi-'M)d- ! . and oppressed, alb the rich, all' the poor, ,: the criminal, all the maimed, the" (ueeir her throne, the7 wonian at the cotton the Sister of Chanty, the Red Cross umM the girl on the streets, the 'man of the h the derelict, in prison all, all are bone vi her bone and flesh of her flesh, borne ni, months within her body, nursed at her brc.i cradled within her arms. All, all "are ;:r children, and we are as universal as Xatno Care for our own? Then must we care iV.; the whole wide earth. Kindly to our neigh. lxrs? When did we last see the neighbor in the sweat shop ?ilic neighbor in the night hl.,- i,,. V.WIIIJ11 ,,ii i:i. IIV. lllliUI i IIIV I1IMJ V'Ul l . ti, world forth the children ; Serve, by bringing Yes. but what kind of children, and to what end? Keep the home? The .world is our home. The child that clings to your skirt s? What right have you to betray him and to leave him when he is grown? We have been Oh, woman, wonian! a slave in Egypt to that notion of Tertnl-lian'We are not Icll (late. long enough At the. worst we were never that. There have been lovers, there have been 'poets, there have been sons and daughters who , the-flower- the--huma- s, of knowledge, watered, wanned, enriched, tended, kept in the sunshine of companionship, 'of broad thinking, of great social and human ideals'; then, indeed, will we build her-uwith nobility and with power-Train her mind, teach it broad and altruistic thinking, open to it, the doors of human experience, change it from a bit of carbon in a forgotten '.room to a noble, flashing jewel, from a small, stagnating pool to a crystal spring giving life and joy to all the fields around, and, strange and strange to say, in the measure thaKyou mete to( woman, in that measure will enlightenment be meted to the human race. Givexlo her the breadth . 111 . s -- domestic , f -- , slv "that-roo- ! I pin-sic-- times so very, sordid ami horrible, sometimes the 'mother of humaneven under , ity dreams a dream and sees a vision. and wisdom happiShe sees health and a made field ness. She secsa jxion being garden. She sees two gardeners who work that they side 'by side. She sees plant and the weeds that they pluck tip. She sees uprooted and destroyed the nightshade of intemperance. lut, mania, uncontrolled appetite; uprooted and destroyed the harsh, Mvarth dock leaves,, of poverty; uprooted and doiroycd the tares of idleness, She sees flowers and folly, and fruit trees' anil waving grain, and two gardeners who grow in stature. Sometimes"-hevision deepens, and then she sets a race that shall be to the race of" s and goddesses, as strong tudav a angels of the four w inds. She sees physical beauty, pure and strong, sublime and tender She ees clear eyes, and nerves like fine steel, and a brain that hall cope at last with the world. She sees hands that shake not and feet that are firm. She sees great artists in conduct, crystal simplicity, sincerity iii all will, clear and things. She .tecs, .strong at last as the lightning brand, and she sees it directed to mighty ends. She sees great health ami beauty and knowledge and happiness and eternal growth! My third and last specification for the new gateway of the nations is a great and loving. heart! Oh. i know that 'TIcll Gate" is .said already to possess it All manner of evil has been spoken, of her, but that one thing is rarely said.. She is not called hard of heart, Her" tender heart her gentle heart her loving heart I It is proverbial. The poets sing of it. And yet and yet! If, in this world of the 'beginning of the twentieth century, she is not hard of heart I speak broadlyof this Gate in the. mass as it were what is she? Dull? Unawak-ened- ? 'OIi' crivs someone, "neither dull nor unawakened nor hard of heart in her own home and to her neighbors." And Jesus, answering, said: A certain man went down from Jerusalem to Jericho and fell among, thieves,-whic.stripped him of his raiment, .and wounded him and departed, leaving him half dead. And by chance there came down a certain priest that way,; and when he. saw him he passed by on the other side; And likewise a Levite when he was at the place, came. and. looked on,' him, and passed by on the other side. But a certain Samaritan, as he journeyed, came where he was ; nd w hen he saw him ! -- "L'tirtti if TMirn-r-t 1 liii'n Korni rAnin 4 wtf1 - , Heaven Gate. "The Woman Soul leads us upward and on." Ihit we are not Heaven Gate, either. We are human beings, the child and the mother of human beings and that is miracle enough. What is a human being? It is something that has come out of a lower and mounts toward a higher. It is something that moves through a wondrous drama toward a tremendous destiny. 'It is something that grows from within. Keeping the old name for a moment, we may say that the building ofthis new Gate differs from all other architectural, propositions. Gates of stone and marble are made, from without. The new gate must be built without hands, and the architect lodges within. That architect can do what she w ill. There is no real, limit; all 'limits" are fanciful. She can do what she will, and now the thing of all others to be desired is that she shall WILL it The Woman's Journal. -- NOTES AND NEWS. Toronto now has six women suffrage clubs. A new one was formed a few days ago. . he l)ad compassion on him. And Went to him, and bound up his in oil and wine, and set wounds, pouring him on his ow n beast, and brought him to an inn. and took care of him. And on the morrow when he departed he took out .two pence and gave them to the host, and said unto him. Take care of him. which comes from communion, tiot with one and whatever thou spendest more, when I or two, but With many minds, give her free.come again T will repay thee. dom of thought, give her the larger touch, Which now of these three, thinkest thou, the vital warmth, the electric spark, give her was neighbor unto him who fell largeness of horizon,, give her light and in among the thieves.? just that degree and measure will you-givAnd he said. He that showed mercv on to the human species breadth and sweepN-mx and him. Then said Jesus unto him. Go thou vital warmth' and growth lr;ght! the Nand under do likewise. Sometimes, even heavy beams which the with and rafters ages havevked xyonian is the mother of humanity. her in under the roof so'nrettv sometime; AUthc men and all' the women that ever, J with, gables and bright tiles and flower-po- t are,-owere, will be; all the heroes, all and tinkling bells like a pagoda, 'hud sonie- sages, all the'' downtrodden ; A larger percentage of the registered women than of the registered men voted, at the recent school election in Seattle. In France a bill has Jjycn introduced to grant municipal suffrage to women. A petition for giving them the parliamentary vote , has been accepted by the committee of the chamber, and 24 members of pariiament arc said to have, pledged themselves to the meas' ure.', '' : '! ".' " -- e d - - ; - r thc.-saintsan- " Miss Alice M. Broughtori is the superin- tendent of . luncheons for the Home and School League of Philadelphia, which has just issued its first annual report on its work, in serving .luncheons in the public schools of that city. The luncheons into two classes, otic costing one cent, the other .three cents. During sa single month X.Q52 one-cen- t and 00 ' three-celuncheons w ere served in a single school. ,;; arc-divide- nt d 