I "r- - v .... . rv ' . i ir IkuM Church schools and academics ; urged all to do their duty. Mr. Arettaainsberry how gave a lecture on sanitation, explained malaria wa carried by the inu.squitu, also hm dies carried disease- - from' different places, told how babies should be protected tnm llies, cautioned iiui'ms to be very caredisease, aNo children ful' al tout spreai-Un- .ail WOMAN'S EXPONENT The late Cardinal Vaughan, Archbisb OLD MOTHERS... . of Westminster, Avhen asked his views woman suffrage', replied: "I believe t' the extension of the Parliamentary fr ehise to women upon the same conditions it is held by men would le a Just, ami b. eficial measure, tending to raise rather tb loner the course of national legislation mothers with wliitc hair And kindly eyes, and lips grown softly sweet Willi murmured blessings over sleeping balu s. There is a something in their quiet grace tin- calm of Sabbath afternoon.;. That A knowledge in their Jeep, unfaltcrin" eye That 'far mitrcaclics all philosophy.. Time, with caressing touch', about then weaves .fairy-shaof age. The While all the echoes of forgotten' mj-to their Seem joined t' lend a srectne- speech. Old mothers!- as thev pass with step, Their tremblini' hands cling gently to youth's love old mothers I - silver-threade- paper and pencils, also exchanging Respoke of the public drinking cup. Mrs. becca X. Xibley was pleased to meet the brethren and sisters; spoke of her travels into this valley; gave Sister Hmmeline 15. Wells' best wishes and respects to the sisters; spoke of storing grain, said there .should be a stake granary; spoke of temple clothing. The mission had been given General Hoard to keep temple clothing, to sell, hire or loan when "called upon. We also have been called on to furnish linen for the Latter-day Saints hospital .spoke of the sisters supporting the Kxi'onknt; was pleased to see so many young sisters at the meeting; urged the teachers to do their duty; urged the sisters to be kind to their husbands and help them ; you can be kind in the home ; spoke of mothers taking care of their boys as well as girls, be patient with them, teach them to pay their tithes and offerings. Singing, ''Our Mountain Home So Dear." Benediction' by Klder Geo. K. Wilkins. Afternoon Session Opened by the congregation singing "For the Strength of the Hills:' Prayer by Mrs. Annie K. Bartlett. Singing, "If You Could Hie to Kolob." Roll call showed 7. stake 'officers, 18 ward officers, 88 members present. General and local officers were then sustained. Song by Rathera Young and Mina Pack. Mrs. Elizabeth S. Wilcox was pleased w ith the reports she had heard since she had been here ; urged the sisters to come to Relief Society meetings, especially the young mothers; spoke of the good the sisters do in time of sickness; compared the dress in the early days' of the Church and the dress of today; spoke of the foolish fashions also of prayer and the temptations that are thrown in our way. Recitation by Miss Zora Colton. Mrs. Rebecca N. Nibley was pleased to meet the brethren and sisters again; spoke of faith, .by faith there have been many things done; she related a circumstance that happened while she was in Rotterdam where a little-boreceived his sight through faith; slid also spoke of the power of prayer ; referred to some of the mobbings in Missouri (in the early days of the Church) ; said cling to our children be patient with them. President Don B. Colton said his soul had been .touched as no doubt many of you have been; spoke of some of the statistics in the Church, also the faith We should try and instill into our children; spoke of, the time' when the Prophet Joseph Smith was .inspired to organize the Relief Society, and oi mothers taking care of their daughters, show them the dangers they are apt to encounter. Mrs. Annie K. Bartlett. thanked (in behalf of stake board) all that had helped to make this conference a success. Mrs.. Nancy A. Colton made a few closing remarks, after which conference adjourned for three months. Piiebe A. Merkley, Secretary. s 1m uk-- . CAKE WITHOUT EGGS. d IK' cups of apple sauce, strained . strength; Sweet mothers! as they pass, one sees again Old garden walks, old roses, and o! loves. - -- 1 he Centurv. i in memory of our beloved president, Charlotte A. Hollands, who parsed away at her home in Roy, Sept, 9. 1912, age 51 years. In being' called upon to part with Sister Hollands, we realize that a very dear friend has been taken away from our midst ; t, one who was always ready to help to or to contribute of her means for the benefit of others. We feel to bow in humility to the w ill of the Lord, but oh how we miss her kind hand and her gentle presence, her word of kindness and the spirit accompanying it. Her seat in our meeting is empty, her prayers and testimony will be heard no more in our midst', but the work she has done, and the blessings she has bestowed upon her sisters, will be long remembered. She has finished, her work and gone to rest, leaving a faithful husband and two daughters to mourn her loss, and we realize that her loss leaves a vacancy in our hearts that will not be filled until we meet her in that home, where there is no sorrow' and where parting never comes. Whereas, tier position as president in the Relief Society for 13 years makes it fitting for its to record our appreciation of her untiring labors. Resolved, That in" our natural sorrow for Iter death we find consolation in the knowledge that all is well with her She was prepared .to enter the realms of our Father. Resolved. That a copy be presented to the family and a copy recorded in the records of this Society. . com--for- -- j j sweetened. 1 cup of sugar. 2 of tlour. 1 cup fruit and nuts. 'i cup of butter. tablespoon hot water. 2 teaspoonsfull of soda teaspoon lull of cinnamon. teaspoonfull of cloves. This recipe makes a very delicious a'it' inexpensive caku. PICKLED GRAPES. . 1 IN MEMORIAM. ! How tender she was at tire couch of pain, How willing her sisters to bless. The poor felt her liberal hand, Her works were of righteousness. Her counsels were, fraught with wisdom, Her teachings were full of love, Her example will hear fruition. That will follow her above. ,. - Elizabeth Y. Jones, Julia E. Garner, Mary E. Daltox. An order from Virginia for eighty thousand leaflets, recently received by the literature department m the National Suffrage Association, is. one-- of the straws showing which way blows in the South "in these piping, times o tVotes for women. 1 1 Put a layer of grapes in a jar; cover with a large handftill of sugar, then another layer of grapes, then sugar, and so on until the jar is filled. Take enough vinegar to cover grapes, sweeten and spice to taste, boil twenty minutes, and put away to cool. When cold, pour over grapes. A fe,w bay leaves improves flavor. FOR BOOK OF MORMON STUDY By Vincy R. Barker Prepared Especially for Relief Society Classes Approved by the General Board Designed to give the student a general view and lasting impression of Book of Mormon lands from the, beginning of Nephite and Jar cdite history at Jerusalem and Babylon, Asia to their close in America. With the arrangement of the map of the World with the Western Hemisphere at the right we see at once all the countries and the leading cities involved in Book of Mormon and early Church history. Because of the uncertainty and difference opinion existing in regard to the location oi ! Book of Mormon points only such locations are made as our leading Book of Mormon students seem to harmonize upon, leaving teach, ers to make minor locations for their own use according to their own interpretation of the text. Listed upon the map are: 1st. Authority for all locations made. 2nd. Under the name of their' respective-countrie- s all the cities not located witli-- then reference in the text and date of first mention. 3rdThe Hills with reference. Large size 24x35 inch, cloth, mounted. dozen, $20.00. Small size, 10x15 inch, paper, 15 cents, .per dozen, $1.25. Special terms to Stakes desiring to place small ones in their outlines and large ones th?-win- - , .Societies." ' . VINCY R. BARKER x Otrden. Utah 44 Washington Ave. V'. ii lU;.;VVi) - ;.' The Genealogical Society has resumed its monthly historical" meetings, which are exceedingly beneficial and helpful as well a? interesting. slow-time- - ; y -- wl d V! lift a SALT I.AKU dir. The. most becoming Styles in Ladies' boats, Dresses, Skirts, and Waists at Populai suits, THE STORE WHERE YOU CAN FEEL AT HOME rQ. 