1 "T ' & ZL lA. 2 house; and taking all the clothes except, worn. Her feet were hire what were-bein- g ' Aid. ami others, that the' general president of the Relief .Society thought she would like to have aii.v.tiriiah- of. the work done at that time bv that part, of her society and they were cut and bleeding on the - rough and frozen ground. . ' On May 18, 1845, she was married to tiii-- " following recity and Ezra T. Clark, fhey came to Utah and t ".As. there are, her. forwarded were ports settled in Davis county in 1848, moving to Makes' iti Zin. with a working .Hty-tvwhere Mrs-- . 1850, 3, of five April a Farmington, and in each, only Relief Society of the Clark lived for over sixty years. On May readers the tlier arc here reported, 18, 1895, Mr. and Mrs! Clark celebrated KxruNF.NT will he ahle to form some idea of It was made a memthe great work dune from the figures here their golden wedding. orable occasion by the gathering of friends given:, from different parts of Utah and from CalI;rom reports handed in ifornia and Illinois. Mr. Clark died Oct. Granite Stake ft Mil ten wards of this stake we compute 17,1901. Mrs. Clark was the mother of eleven thoe totals: 175 Christmas loxes, valued at $S1 S70UO in cadi: 2,500 lbs. of Hour, children, seven of whom, all sons, survive besideslipclothing, of Farm1.S0O lbv of iotatoi-sher. Amasa L. Clark, of and ladies old pery sliauK for ington, is her youngest child. sThe lac kmkets and guilts. KIder Edward Stevenson, who opened the Church mission in Gibraltar and who was with families supplied known throughout the Chwrch for his long Knign Stake. J5 also to each, i dinner money given years of missionary work at home as well and a of a sack of tlour. a bushel potatoes, as abroad, was her brother.- Another broth!!icnthlv allowance. er, James Stevenson of Farmington, over 81 years of age, is the last surviving memLiberie Stake. Merchandise amounting ber of that family. to $235.45. and cash, $206.40, was distrib-nfeThe old Clark homestead ivan noted for . ( at the among its hospitality, friends and even strangers receiving the same kindly greetings accordPioneer Stake Supplied 260 families ed to all the members of that large family. with Christmas dinners chickens, roasts, Mrs. Clark's characteristics were pafuel ; and randies supplied nuts) vegetables, tience, unlxninded charity in speaking of and other necessities to the amount of $350. others, and devotion, to her religion. For and gave to six widows quilts and blankets. over, twenty years she was a counselor to President Susan Grant of the Davis Stake wards the of In some Lake Stake. Salt Relief Society, and in every way she was a the of entire have the bishopric charge consistent Latter-da- v Saint. as"Relief the in wards some work: Society Her funeral took place at Farmington, sists the bishopric, and in some wards the November 28. 1911. The speakers were Relief Society has entire charge of the President F. M: Lyman, Wm. V. Haight, work. Where the latter was the case, the .Sifters Susan Grant and Aurclia S. Rogdonations were as follows: Cash, $731.67 r ers. Win. L. Rich of the Bear Lake Stake tons; presidency, Stake President J. H. Grant and merchandise, $31872: coal. clothquilts, 12; besides this, considerable "" Bishop.Robinson ing and other sewing was done." prayers were offered. by President Janies A. Eldredge and Edward I. Rich, and music We quote thec figures as furnished, so was furnished by the ward choir. The that people may know something of the. house was filled to Overflowing, and the work of thi.s organization. Of course, all floral tributes were many and beautiful. The over the Church, in every stake of Zion, simgrave was dedicated by her sonBishop W. ilar work Was done and still continues to be W. Clark of Mqntpelier. " ; o h 1 . animated by'the first ray of, souls are readily ' divine light; Being the remnants' of Lehi, the blood of Israel is prone to assert itself when correct doctrine is presented in an , nelligent manner; and the author of tiuV book aptly asks: "Who shall say that this new hymn book which is so replete w ith the testimony of the gospel will not le a forerunner to open the way for the record of their forefathers to find its wav au;n-them?" in-- mi-h- ty r RELIEF SQCIETY REPORTS. TETON STAKE. : . ex-may- 1 bri-tn- K-pair- or s ; ns - d !r -- hri-tma- s. l . 38f . done. May the Lord's blessings noble workers Elizabeth attend these S. Wilcox. The Relief Society conference of the Teton Stake was held at Driggs, Jan. 21, I'd J. Counselor M. II. Price presiding. President D. C. Driggs and Counselor J. I). and a number of High Councilors and Bishops were present, also officers and members of the Stake Board. Meeting ojxmcd at 10 a. in. with sinning "Come, Come, ye Saints." Prayer hy Sister Sophia Rigby. Say, Vhat is'Truth?" Address of welcome given by Sister II. E Stevens. Congregation sang, "We Thank Thee. O God." Victor Ward was reported by President Amy Cherry, showed the Society alive to their work. Solo by Julia Cherry of Victor. Sister Martha Little, supervisor of Gospel work, said the sisters were taking a great interest in the study of the Gospel. 'Counselor Sarah A. Unlet reported the Driggs ward in a flourishing condition. President D. C. Driggs was pleased to be at this conference, to get a glimpse of what is being done by the sister s. Urged mothers to study tTie Gospel tht they may teach it to their children. Duet by James and Effie Rigby. Elder J. D. Kilpack congratulated the sifters on the works of charity that were be ing done. Also approved of the method of storing their grain in the elevators. Gosed by singing, "Nay, Speak No 111." Benediction by Mary E. Hulet. Kil-pac- k ! Afternoon session. Opening exercises, singing and prayer. On the stand were Stake Counselors J. Mrs. Samantha T. Brimhall Folev has reD. Kilpack and George S. Young, also six cently completed and issued in the Spanish of language a book of over one hundred and members of the High Council and nine seventy choice hymns, gleaned from our the Bishopric. Ml the Stake Board were bes song books or from themes taken from present except the president, Susie M: Wilthe Book of Mormon or- other Church son, who is away for the winter. Sister M. H: Price gave a report of the works, including a historical preface explaining the origin of the Book of .Mormon work that is being done by the Stake Board. and its connection with the establishment of "Piano duet by Larkin Price and Ethel-wi- n ' the Church in "our day, and the promises of Griggs. God to the remnants' of Lehi.Elder H..M. Warner. gave an address on The book breathes of the "What Women- are to This Age." , Duet by Sisters . Ethel Butler and Ella gospel, and besides the rich rythmical accent each 'piece is clothed In all its original beauty Rigby. . :v Women." by the sweet concord and musical tone of Address, "What this Age is to which; the Spanish language is so capable. was given by Geo. S. Young: Mrs. Foley has spent over twenty-fiv- e Trio by II. M.- Warner, David Smith and years, of her life among the Spanish-speakin- g James Rigby. A talk upon "The Value of people of Colorado, Arizona and Mexico, and' Franchise," was given by Sister Tacy BtLx not only learned the languageof books but ton;.- ,;; ; . of the home life, conditions mental and Solo by Effie Beesley. spiritual, as Well as social customs of a peoConference closed by singing, "Down by ple w ho have long groaned under the weiVht the river's verdant side.", of superstition' and false doctrine, but whose Benediction sby Sister Josephine. ; Nielson. LITERARY NOTES. CLARK. MARY STEVENSON . On November 24, 1911, there died in Farmington one of the noblest of the noble band of pioneer women Mrs. Mary Stevenson Clark. A lonely feeling comes as the ranks are thinned by the passing of these brave spirits. Mrs. Clark was born in Gibraltar, August 291825, where her father was in the Employ of the British government. When she was a small child the family emigrated to Albany, New York, where they resided for a tirnje.. Later they moved westward, continuing their journey at intervals until they arrived in Utah When, she was a child but five years of age the Clutrch of Saints was orJesus Christ of Latter-da- y ganized, and the little girl was baptized a few years later. She passed through the .mobbings, sufferings and hardships to the early years of Church history. A mob at one time made a raid upon tile home of her family; ejecting the people, of the helping themselves to - . the-testimon- ' - - . -- . 8 irici-de- nt the-content- s " - v-- v':"1-'".-:--- " : 1 a .... 