ill.. -- - mm . "i . 1. ' trv-cy"- r;:: n 4Svi,"' ;"';:V:r-'-T Jfc.. I RELIEF SOCIETY REPORT. WAV" ' The '::: Hei-ie- : he'd Uim::t.-:- r NET. STAKE. i '' . Srckty.nf th Wayne stake of quarterlv cnferer.ee in the ? in .L-- a. July 13, Ir12. The convened at 10 o'clock. imrning session a Stake Grundy presiding. On the stand were 'istersjuuTlMr "arniforth'and Sarah. M. McClelland of the General Board. John R. Stewart and Moroni Lazenhy of the stake presidency, the take presidency of the Relief Society with orncers. After their hoard, and the the usual opening exercises President Grundy aii die va thankful for this ora great privilege to belong ganization, it to this society: aid the take officers had visiteH each society in the take had re-Handed to every call made of us The ward presidents; each '.reported the.ir society in turn. Sister Fa rns worth poke on training '':r children and Ivking after our geneal-r- ' anl other topic- interestingly: n on gave laying away the dead, also on the' duties ,,f teacher-- . Sister McClelland tokr rn Temple wrk and instructed the Relief Societies' to keep temple robes on hand: spoke on having a library and a Relief Sroetv choir; gave gxd instructions in general. President Grundy in- vitei all pxeent to stay to a banquet. Atteroon Session Sister Julia gave a lecture on home environment, which was very interesting and listened to with great attention. Walter Sons: Stewart. .'T Know That My Redeemer Lives." Leah Blackburn bore a faithful testimony. Sister 'Sarah McClelland read the instructions that were given to the first Relief Society by the Prophet Joseph Smith; spoke of the beautiful sentiments contained in these instructions.. Song by Orilla Harris ariri Lota Brown 'Our Mother " Presidents Stewart and Lazenbv, also Councilor Tames Hood gave the Relief Society sisters words of praise and encouragement. President GrundV made closing remarks The dismissed by Pauline Brown. Pre-ide- Uath-heh- nt -- k-c- -- -- -- -- sr ; -- v-r- y in-tru- -- . Farns-.xvi'rt- h con-ferencew- EMERY vas STAK. because it is an absolute necessity for them to be ' interested in something outside of their homes, and the Rehet ocieties aftord iplendid opportunity for such interest, and work ; it inspires to greater etrort, creates a desire to study and .improve; the mind and makes women better able to raise their chil- dren properly; mothers should not do all the work in the home but let the children help and reciprocate her love and efforts; advised the societies to collect libraries ; was with .the outline of study being fol- -r low ed in this btake ; also spake on sanita- tion. Song, Orangeville societv. Sister Mc- Gel!anI advised the sisters to apply them- selves cljelv to study because we cannot be : aid it was not ricrht saved in ror women to make .uartnas ot tnem selves, but that rest was justai necessary as work: asked the question. E)o we work as diligently for the" Lord as Ve do for the dollar?' "Instructed the societies to keep on hand clothing dead; desired young people to appreciate the privilege of being married, in the temple ; spoke on sustaining the Exponent-ansending to it the conference news ; the death of prominent women, on etc.; also spoke on storing wheat.-ansanitation. Meeting adjourned' "until 2 o'clock p. m. After singing by the choir, benediction by President Lars Peter and industries and instrucied the tear, to their, duties. Stake President La: Ovesen said Relief Society work come .a., power.; advised the sister-- ; by the good counsel given. Kncour'a-markwere made by Stake Counsel zo E. Wail and Bishop Joseph J Carrie O. Larsen said we had had and thanked the Lord that she was ber or the Relief Society. After sing:: benediction the conference adjourn-pirate- j j ctcr . . - rc- - n-e- ast ; j j ' ...... . , BOOK REVIEW. : b The Awakening nf the firge of St. Louis, was one of li ) k- - on sale for the "holidav sc:t "f ti fxk 'rrai)hicallv tells the of the derful into the great We-- t of author"- - early experience in pioneer travel- - through the mountain-- . plain- - and into the heart of the de-like a romance and yet is uch int that one is prone to la d 1 )k before the.enr is reached. cription of an exic(lition merely with e venture and exploration mean- - for all emergencies not harass, the inconvenience- - and sorrows t!r grants into a new country usually' Afternoon Session. 2 o clock Bishopf makes (Ielightful reading, especially Joseph Larson taking charge. Usual open- - kled as it - with such humorous dt pleasantly' told. The lxok ing exercises. After administering the sac- rament the rime was tnven to the Tter; nf Gotten tm and its naires are interlace the Relief Society. The first speaker was beautiful illusration showing the wi! ar.:- mals and and verdure of the mur.ra:n- Stake Counselor Elizabeth A. Cbristensen, who sayi for mothers to teach their children and plains. the principles of the Gospel, to love the There" is an unusual amount ot tain.--- , Lord and to pray for divine guidance in too, i nthe historical part of the "Awakenbut me think- - Mr rearing their families. Solo from a meming of the ber of the Castle Dale society. Stake Coun"; Birge diverges from the thread of hi- r selor Man- A. Sorensen spoke on the beauty or r somewhat, to go into the detail of giving freely; we must remember we are, life among the "Mormons."' There are ' only stewards of what the Lord has given, ferent points of view on these question- - .s:x us and therefore should be willing to 'give no matter what one mav think, ev-::i B. Sister Amv the of Lymangenerously. seeming to be fair, there always is the rva'K General-Boarwas glad to see so many of of prejudice-amt ' evidently the brethren present ; said Relief Society a- - an apostle of reform to the "M"r; ' work had tvo objects, first to do good and pet.'ple. Brigham Young lived his la help others, second to develop the women was the great pioneer into this desert who took part ; showed that those taking Tlie Mo-e- s of the. latter days. Whether active part are the ones receiving the most world accepts him as one of its greatest benefit and whose inrluence in behalf of our or not. his work stands an eternal mon-jiipeople goes forth to the world: said one to his memory, "and the ages will still reason why "Mormun" women are able to in future ' the results r development that master mind. accomplish so much public work-i- s their husbands are willing to assist, them; The 'beautiful descriptive, pages or u brief a of National Council the account gave the tncM of Women and mentioned the courtesy there !vxk are most, interesting., the humor wyi shown Utah women. Duet by members of ir.st entertaining and hudnful. xHuntington society. Sister McClelland of A. NIK WKf.r. C a n n the General Board complimented the Emery stake Relief, Societies on their contribution to the China famine and Mississippi flood sufferers ; also related a visit she had made to Nativoo. and .expressed a' wish that all E. Homer, one of Utah's four Presi'i the Saints could have the. pleasure of visitelectors, is said to have announced' tr.at ing that place; described the. buildings, etc.. lie will cast his vote irPthe Electoral of what was ' once the possessions of the for Mrs. Margaret Zane Witcher i Saints, mentioned the beautiful site, rolling on Salt Lake City for hills, peaceful Valleys, and the quiet pervading the place ; also gave a feeling descripticket. He; will also endeav r tion of Carthage jail as it stand? today ; to the other three electors of - "e persuade spoke of her labors in the mission field; .of State to do the same, Mrs. Witcher is servthe faith and power enjoyed by the misof sionaries,, and the desire and hunger of ing her second term .as eounty clerk some of 'the "people to know7 the truth ; en- -; Lake-- Gntnfy. She is a daughterof former Chief Justice of lltah.-'I- xcouraged the" "support 'of home manufactureIX--ert.- " -- vzn.-rane- -- tran-formatio- tr n- t-- !;: fohe . e: -- hi-to- ry d -- 1 I i- mt ! ! : De-ert- t." -- . : : ' I - d ' ' ! : . ' Minutes of Emerv stake Relief Society conference held at Geveland July 21. 1912, President Louisa Ovesen presiding. Sisters Amy B. Lyman and Sarah McClelland of. the General Relief Society Board were present. After the" opening exercises reports from the presidents of some of trie local societiesWere given. It showed them to bi in good running order and attending to their duties: after which a quartet was rendered" by members 'of the Orangeville society. President Louisa Ovesen reported the work, going on in the stake satisfactorily and the financial condition excellent ; felt encouraged in the work; welcomed the visiting sisters of the General Board and spoke briefly on temple clothing. Sister Amy Lyman brought greetings from the General Board and the love ol President Emmeline B. Wells'; was pleased with the attendance and with the reports whic hhad been made ; said the local societies were the backbone of this grand work and deserving tof the best encourage-mcn- t; advised the young sisters to join the Relief Societies where' the voting and old associate together, the best social conditions t?xist ; said the "sisters should attend meet in? he- ' : . ' r ' : s ' . -- ;;' ( "" : , n-ti- ; . Vice-Preside- nt ;l-- ;C-:-Zan- e. - 10 t al 