SOME OLD LOVE LETTERS. Dorothy, and as if to make reparation said, "f found it in the garret and washed it for mv. new doll, it was tied in. such hard knots, around a bundle of nld papers with ink su faded no one could ever read them." "What did v tn do with them, child?" said Aunt Dorothy, excitedly. "I threw them down again in the corner with a whole lot of other thing-.- " ''ou didn't tear them then nor burn them up?" " K no, why I thought grandma wouldn't like that; only wanted the pretty "ribbon ; -- uch a nice pattern." 'A ery odd," replied Aunt Dorothy, in an absent way. and was soon slowly and thoughtfully wending her way up the staircase, and then on again to the garret, talking to herself a he went; "I wonder what letters could have been hid away up there all these year. I ts forty years or more since wore that ribbon, how happy I was then and what a bri:;ht future I anticipated, and then came tho-- e evil days, when a dark shadow lurked in the horizon which surrounded me. 0. why have these remembrancer come back, just at the sight of a faded ribbon?" Sure enough, why do those tender davs that are gone come back and haunt us, when we have ...groped blindly . through the darkness 'and sorrow and find ourselves calmed by the distance that divides Thus mu.snig. us from the dismal past! Miss Dorothy Vose. mounted the last step and surveyed searchingly; she went through pile after pile of cast off clothing, etc., and ju-- t as the last rays of the setting sun shed their pale yellow light m through the open window, she discovered some papers peeping from out a corner and tremblingly reached out to take the shatr tered work box containing them, for such it proved to Ik in her hands. She shook like an aspen tree as she lifted it. and it fell in fragments at her feet, and out from the papers rolled down among the .rubbish on the lloor a ring with a glowing setting. For a moment she seemed stunned, a great sob came swelling up in her throat, and her mouth was dry and parched, 'and she sank down upon the lloor as pathetically as if she had been a beautiful young girl still in her teens, instead of an old maid of half a century. I?ut no one would have, guessed lfcr age, for she was still strikingly handsome and exquisitely neat in her dress, and had that sort of delicate way of adjusting everything that we call stylish, the draping of her brown silk dress lay about her in soft folds; and with her eyes suffused with tears, she gazed wonderingly upon the lost ring she- had found after all these long years. So many times she had ransacked boxes, drawers and The romance of life .helps one to kht its burdens matter of fact people to the con And perhaps one trary notwithstanding. of the mot interesting things that invariably lemls charm to real life is a love letter, whether it is a few words ungrammatically written, or an epistle filled with the choicest language; it matters not if the person by whom the words were penned is capable of elojh Hiring into the composition the true quence of the soul, it finds its counterpart in the heart of the receiver, and is forever cherished among the most valuable treasures. I am aware of the old saying, it i "easy to put things on ptycT. but it is also tolerably easy to discern whether the heart is in it or not. There may be exceptions to this rule as there are to all others, but many a happy union has been consummated because of some outpouring of the human heart on paper; and many a reconciliation has been effected through a love letter where a misunderstanding or a lover's quarrel had existed. Some strange things have happened too, worth relating for the amusement of a winter evening, for though we '"speak 01 Spring as the lover's season, and there is not a month in all the year more appropriate for weddings or when more unions are consummated than " fnne the month of roses and love." yet the courting has been done beforehand in the long winter evenings and finished off possibly in the lovely Spring time, with the perfume of violets in. the air and the sweet songs of the wild birds in their ecstacy. nest building; by the brink of souk- mosy brook or lowing fountain, or under the apple boughs when the pink and white blossoms were thittering to the ground, l'ut apropos of old love letters we have a most enchanting tale to tell. In the houses of the. la.st century there was generally a garret and these places were the repository i everything that the family wanted to put out of sight; and occasionally some treasure would be lost among the heaps of rubbish carried up there, when the clearing up or house cleanings were-i- n progress. This story is a very old one, and has not been put in a book or published to the world before, .so that .although it is old it will nevertheless be as good as new, for it has been The principal actors in the pretty drama are dead "long ago, but we do not even at this late date reel justified in giving their real names. A little girl prying about among the old lumber in the garret at her grandmother s one day, hunting doll rags, found a "bundle closets, in possible and impossible places, of old letters tied, with a very faded and and now it liad come to light too late, when ribbon- wound so g soiled yellow her hair was silvered o'er and her eyes faded many times around it that she thought' it with weeping. An emerald ring, engraved woujd make a sash for her dolly and pro"D. V.". from "Ed L.," such a peculiar ceeded forthwith, to untie the knots, and shape, a rare beauty she had once thought, scatter tne letters among tne ruoDisn, never and now "what a train of- - recollections it draminif that in sodding, she was divulgbrought back, how well, she remembered the ing a secret or disclosing a treachery. But night he had given it to hereunder the great d so it proved. elnf tree, in the yard, and his faith,, " Where in the world did you get that his honor," the devotion-o- pledged a life time; and ribbon ?" said Aunt Dorothy one day to her begged her to be his promised bride, and little errand niece who was plaving with her with maiden blushes; and modest downcast and then such a eyes,, more eloquent than dolly in ';the .drawing-rooword, she had of memories came rushing back as given him his silent answer. crowd The few she took the once pretty ribbon in her fin months that followed the betrothal had been full of sweetness and the .tenderest associagers, fondling it, that little Helen suspected she had done sbmethinff nau7htv '"hut th tion lovers could enjoy whose sentiments child was on the best of terms with Aunt ' were so near akin. But in their case, the . ; J -- fr I the-garre- - old-fashion- ed well-kep- t. - lute-strin- - , ; . f m, , 'old adage proved true, "The course of . love never runs smooth." Hut we must not leave Aunt Dor..-shivering in the garret while we go. over past life, and tell what befell her, and w: she wast a lonely old maid in. the honu her childhood, where the third generate was now growing' up, instead of bein- happy grandmother like her sister-iw ho was only a few years older. ; . : 1 n Singular coincidences sometimes n.v spire; that night almost leads us to be!u in the fatuity of certain events acting up-ea- other: years had passed by since ch a:: thing had happened to call up these tend reminiscences in Aunt Dorothy's past an. now just a faded old riblon had awakeiu a torrent of emotions, and a llood of even1 came rushing onward. The shades of evening were falling an. Miss ose gathered up the broken box am scraps of paper in her black silk apron an lied down the stairs to her own room a though all the ghosts of those haunte memories were following her. Once in he; chamber with the door securely fastened she picked up piece by piece the brnkvi den away. She knew the box well, it h e been a handsome one inlaid with pearl. In:' now fallen apart, disclosing its rnmp iho rnr in the nossessio; of the box ; that was a rirysten of. the owner . . t thf rnn ( novpr rvnerr ir unravel, nor eve if she could make up her mind to read tlu letters, which she hardly dared to think oi yet tnougii tney were in ner Keeping, took the faded fragments one by one and laid them together, and the broken box and them in a drawer and turned the key a. put r i i it to snut tnem out oi ner sigui, anu awa from the temptation of reading them. Her face was paler than usual, and her lhubs quivered as she descended 'to the dining room when supper was announced, but apunusual parently nl) one in her face or manner except little Helen, who had not forgotten how straifgely her aunt had questioned her about the yellow ribbon, and when they were leaving the table the child approached her saying, "Are you ill, Aunt Dorothy?"" "No child, not ill. only thinking,, thinking of the long ago, when I wore the faded, yellow ribbon. "Were" you a little girl. then like me?". in"O, no, I was quired the little grand-niec- e a young lady with gfcat expectations," said Aunt Dorothy with a strong emphasis on the two last words. Little Helen looked puzzled, but with childish persistency she pursued her 'inquiries : "Was that when your picture was painted that hangs in grandpa's room over his desk? "My picture ,was painted so long ago I' really don't know. 1 never look at it." "It-i- not like vour mamma's, Aunt Dorothy ,is it?" "Ye's, a little." "I believe you had the yellow ribbon on. that's what made you take so much notice of it w hen you saw it today." Miss Vose was glad the child was satisfied and soon after retired for the night; she could not, however, yet make up her mind to read the letters, a sort "of dread of discovering some disagreeable secret seemed to forbid the perusal. ; She tried in, vain to- sleep, the wretched' past came so vividly to mind, that the gray dawn of morning found her still content-Hnt-'lum- . . . . . . - .1 a noticed-anythin- . 1 g " s - tuning ujxjn iier jniows,"ner .iieau uuuui and eyelids heavy with weeping. Finally, sshe "fell asleep; the bright. sunshine streaming into her room awoke her, and she 