were modest Quakers who. .without .i:i,ney or powerful inJjtience to aid the eh- they- - Ti j MARY A. lU HN mother, wTth her family of "little ones; made the journey across the plains ami arrived it; Salt Late City in ltX5' The familv moved later t?j Richmond,' Cache County, where Vary attained her young; womanhood and prepared herself for school teaching. It wa t litre she married fames Perrv breeze in lS(o, ami di,,rtly afterward they'made their n vM I KKMZK. entered into the field of ac- woman, lair of face, Anintly ti,.:) and worked theirway upward and for- IviiH-fof u Ondi his graec-- rtall, !. had 'Khese women the sublime enr., life a triumph or" c Thy mpletencss, their convictions, and were sustained. li ul tile ot love's sweetings. n opposition was strong and powerful, even when persecution was cruel and n the 21st of January. Sister Mary A. ::;:, !le. Among these threat leaders of freeze wa- - called home to the 'mansions in Salt Lake Citv: where she spent all w women nose inp ipui.ii laiiM wcic awaiting the faithful and the true. The. the remaining ears' of her life. She had - will stand on history's pages forever deatli of this estimable woman is most keennine children and die was a most devoted of their indomitable courage and ly felt by thousand, who knew and loved and loving wife and mother. k for humanity: Lncrctia 'Mutt, StKiu her. 1'osn-eIn IS a ot and pleasing he was appointed president of tioiig Elizabeth Cady Stanton, Lucy nthoiiy. personality, alwas linn but gentle, she the Retrenchment Association of the Llev-entand many more. passe, along life's ways with its sorrows Ward, and when the stake organizacivilized the the world over awaken and joys with an unfaltering step. tions Pershe was appointed preshi: .if women has not onlv heen noticeable. her haps greatest characteristic was her ident of the Salt Lake Stake Voimg Ladies' The great caue is moving !,:.! abounding. strong spirituality which one always felt Mutual Improvement- Association, leaving multitude a are the and when conversing with lur. Faith .in find that posifion when the stake was divided, to !',.:,trd entering r,t':U the world is becoming better, and reverence for all the. principles of the become ."t member .of the general board of the advanced education of women the for in and those in authoritv seemed to which Ladies, Young gosel position she the higher civilization of the entire be the tw things that, visited the in lier different most stakes of Zion and guided It means diettcr homes and ,!e the bn tad w ork of her life. and admonished the taught daughters, of the and with all better lives are Saints. She to the utmost her work enjoyed wimc .isut rreeze was nieniuieu mosiiv in the higher anticipations- better conditions in the been called to work with the work of the Mutual Improvement"; Temple, having in ta!e and nation and progress everywhere. that it when was first opened. holy place Associations, she aFo sympathized and Tho-- e who live today arc to be congratu-,,!..- ! worked in harmony with all the other aux- - She also did splendid ' missionarv work in on living in these more propitious connection with the Ihtreau of Information ilia r y organizations of the Church, feeling . In the professions what magnificent firv-that all these needed the support of those on the Tern pit block. SHer hYeeze was a adanccs have been made! We all know who labor fo the upbuilding of the king- - charter member of the I'tah Woman's Press-the touch of a d'MU of (ion! and the lnl and took an active part in all gentle and soothing of humanity. things uplifting an s nano m sickucss or in acenieiu. She was never known to refuse a duty or pertaining to the advancement of women helpfulness in the art of administering betray a trust, and no woman could be more and the welfare of her people. Ilers was a . i ..re :e sick auu miiutiii", me ucau ano u- beloved or honored than was she pure, noble, lovable spirit, and wherever ii:- - lias bee.n brought almost to perfection. had not had the advantages of education known she will be greatly missed and sinlicence Nightingale and Clara J'arton that most women have today, she was a stucerely mourned. and cores of others pioneered the way An nik Whli.s Cannon. dent and a reader, and her natural intellecwe ::i thi profession and even though tual tendencies led her into paths of study di..n,ld live to overcome all the ailments that of nature and of life, written and' unwritten, MARY A. FREEZE. tlish is heir to in this 'world, still there are that enriched and broadened and refined accidents and always death while in this her. She was a lover of poetry, but only Sleep, dear one, sleep, where tremulous the mortal state. Not only have women in stars discovered that she possessed any ability for lands felt the power of the woman's Keep silent watch for dawning of the day: a great trial which her through writing List! far-oanpel voices float through golden hars, oriental lands there faith era. but in and helped her gloriously That keep the way of life alwav, alwav. h;i come a vast change for higher thought; turn into a blessing. The principle of plural Lyrlia D. Alder. a newer life of active service for the race divine a and truth as she accepted marriage :in especially for womankind. it as such, making the patriarchal lived more tnan has Ramabai I'unditta perhaps home Jife of her husband's family a beauticreated and in India ORGANIZED CHARITY. any other led the way ful example of unselfishness and the abode an atmosphere 'of change of custom, that of faith. She has told her loved ones that When one considers the ,large numler of mu 4 yet prove a blessing to many thou-- . in answer to a prayer at this time, beautiful societies and organizations working along sand Last Indian races. One reform already words in verse came to her as a blessing, charity lines, it is rtimost impossible to beachieved is that they cannot abuse young and she arose in the night and wrote them lieve that any familv or jerson within reach widows as hitherto. One cannot contemon the cover of a book. The columns of of these organizations could be in want. plate these old traditions without horror. Tin-- ExroxEXT have many times contained Volumes have l;een written lately of the We might go on telling these significant verses and articles from her pen. breathing ca- but it is only necessary to touch the forth some of the thoughts and sentiments wonderful success of organized charity, all showing how much more real help is niven spring and each one w ho reads will think of of her rich mind : and it seems especially in this way. Surely it ought to be a matter a hundred others of these immortal worksignificant that the last previous issue of this of to the Latter-da- y Saints that their er who have sown the seed here and there contained perhaps the last poem she ownpride paper great organization, the Woman's Rewhich will ripen into immeasurable fields. of ever wrote. The beautiful verses themselves, lief s Was so far as known the pioneer ld - m and scatter and produce new seem almost a prediction of her passing in Society, organized charity in the world. On Mar." to redeem the race. awav. Speaking of the universal brother17, 1912. this society will celebrate its 70th Hut to return to the beginning of this arhood of man and that we are never alone, ticle' until the dawn of the new light that since Christ has called us His own. the last anniversary; and during "all those seventy years the great thought of building up hucnie by revelation in this, the last dispen- - verse reads .. manity, of giving succor and coin fort to the aiVrn. awakenimr forces had not yet has actupoor, the sick, the Look up sister, brother, be glad and rejoice, "refuted in the way of ated the hearts of that great body. of women For He hath made plain by Plis own precious went nd; public advance. ' voice, who compose its membership'. ..Quietly and Thekev of knowledge was turned for That we are V1' kindred then why feel alone. tenderlv cio they, minister week in and week .vv' inen and the darkness that had overshadSince we hope soon to meet Him and kneel at out. following so far as possible. the admo-- . f f is throne! owed' therworld began to disappear: like :nition of the Savior not to let the right hand of sunshine it has flooded the earth, Marv A. Burnham Freeze, w as born in know w hat the left hand ,doeth, but, tinsel-- , entered into the dark corners of the mind id created aWv era of intelligence that Nauvoo, Illinois, October 12. 1845. Iler fishly working day and night in this great , humane work. been a minister of the Christian ijtventually te the uplifting of women father had So much has been told to the public of church but through the efforts of the elders and the redemption of the. world. the dinners and assistance during of the Church of Jesus Christ of .Latter-da- y season given through other tirganiza- - . The total number V wdmen in the world Saints? was convinced of the truth of Voltheir message and "was baptized. ; He tions such as the Salvation Army, the yvho now enjoy someneasurc of suffrage come to the valley, but her unteers, the Settlement society, the Ladies' did not live estimated at 15,514,64 frmhi-emen- t, i ; ; .1 I -- : ,.n-- -- e 1 h : 1 . -- were-effected- be-cai'.-- ; , t- sur-n-nndin- ; - -- j ' j t j i lv-- 1 1 i 1 . 1 ii I . l . . she.-Whil- e -- civ-i've- d ff e I : . prod-ui"i- : woman's-enlighten- down-hearte- d, -' . . . " ' .... x ! ; the-holida- . V . ' 