atendance was very large indeed' In racf the Tabernacle which at one time eemed too large for anything- is now not nearly large enough to hold the expectant agcr people who throng to hear the counsel md advice of ,their great leader-- . President Smith's admonitions to the women who hold trice and preside over the iliMerent auxil-irorganizations, namelv, the Kelief the Y. L. M. I. A.,' and the Primary hould be emphasized through these columns, as they have already been at the (liferent officers' meetings in'the form of resoThe ' While exHv;i!- ; tn make the change in . Ih'.u n.,l,Je soul e about the March Annual were ulueh we had hoped to be able to publish, but a our read r are aware there ua no ivMie.ut th4 paper from Mav until the September number, when this present yoiumej.egins. the hope of tbe magazine being deferred for the present; and it would be out of place to publish at this late tlier notices. However, we thank the day sisters mr sending them and hope in the regularity of the paper henceforth to be ahhMu publish tlu-- e interesting items in the season y, The following is. in part, what he said, urge all the sifters to take heed and" u.t only lisfen to the voice of counsel but d to these things in their own lives and :i their teaching to others. President Smith's remarks; President Joseph P. Smith closed the He asked that all set their faces like flint against the spirit of apotacv, darkness, violation of the Sabbath, and "irreverence for the other important doctrines of lie Church, making an earnest appeal-tall. hold sacred every human and divine-right- . at-en- thereof. Ve w.u!d again in ski that all notices, obituaries, and minutes of conferences, parties, etc;, sent' for publication be written on one side of the paper only, as it is impost- ble for the printer to set his ropv correctlv, unless prope'rlv prepared. e. - A t Have nrr looked to heaven for aid lo Md the straight-annarrow path, before this "world was made! I ho' liabies claimeil your tender care, Vou brought them fnnnyour native land; Von braved tlu mighty billows' depths And placed all care in God's own hand. I ' Vou spanned the country's desert plains, Step by step, with other braves; Our country was thus measured then, - 71 -- I . latitude, . 1 ' 1 . . v.- - - tiiS. T" mu.-ta-v God bless my good-bye.- ,- (great grand) Iy)'LTSA T. PARKDtTI,r.. "Mother" the holiest word we know Saint" she is known to be; A 'Pioneer," too and a truer or better Or a braver one you will never sec! A "Latter-da- y Christ said:. "My sheep shall know my voice:" You knew and to the flock you came. And now your children are in the world leaching the Truth in the Savior's name! They are thankful to have the chance to go, do dclher the popel and help repay The Hlder who his home and all To show you flie grand eternal way! f . K-f- t We love you, grandma, dear we We want you to live a hundred We need you to teach us. .how to How to smile away sorrow and And do! years! be tru-e- , bitter tears. when we have passed from this sweet, short life, To that other home, in the "land of the Blest," We want you to welcome us every one And sky: "Bless you dear, you have done ' your best!" e in - f. ' v ' f " ' nt, determined effort will be made bv the Era Club of New Orleans at its next session "to force the Medical College of Tu lane University, through the aid of the courts, to accept women applicants on the same terms as men. Paul Tu lane's will reads that thpcollege shall be given over to members of the 'white'race, and he did not make any dis- tinction of sex, ut women have always been refused admission to the institution, F . NOTES ABOUT WOMEN. A, 5 . - em-ploynie- his month three great congresses take ; A In. the suffrage states the child "labor, law .prohibits the employment of children in certain occupations, fixes age limits for prescribes severe penalties, requires registration of all children employed and also certificates "from school authorities.' u child. TO GRANDMA. Germany, each important to the hi ;f rage cause. The National Council of This world is such a grand old place:; love this life: with ?11 its pain; 'men of Germany meets in October, and ToI me " it lTTT Paradise; of the subjectsto be discussed is "The For those wlio trulv love, livfe not in vain. Later participation of Women in .Politics i'i he month the German Woman daughters of thy race Suffrage "So many sons'' and for their goodly p.aren.tacre; Are thanksnl A hold an executive, meeting, Your name station they speak with pride arid tenwhen the officers of ten national and twelve-derness. " vincial associations wdoyilitie a plan of And praise yf'U for. their goodly heritage. work. Thei National Convention of 'the v We bow our heads' in'. reverence.': . , Liberal for October. set been party has also Tears flood our eyes yeJjend a knee. aid the "enfranchisement of women is one of Our souls hreathe forth a grateful prayer. For thee ...we hold" in sweetest memory. topics to be considered. H Vour children have proved to be "Gifts from God!" And now your childten's children's children Are following in the steps you trod! jOncejiinrc wishing voir a haopV. happy. dear little grandmother. "Your far awav loving '' Hut. grandma, vou nobly lived your part, . -- GREAT BODIES MEET. Vou climbed the mountains with the rest, "A Pioneer" in very deed! And lived those terrifying scenes That no one cares to st-- or read! - ! . The distance marked by groans and graves! ncc-nte- p-re- -1 of the "still small voice" hat to thine ears so often come, - been the mu.sir of thy life In a melody like, "Home, sweet Home!" N en-thusia- . taught so many other lips "the fbaee." and offer prayer. o .say I rv. it and the freshness nnd devotion of Youth's m.c have it for publication. Ed. Kansas City. Sept. 25. 1T2. Mv Own Dear Grandma: " Please accept these-felines hurriedly written as my contribution for vour birth' ... dav. May you have manvdiaTpv returns of the flay may this hirthdav be the rrownin hannines of vom- life, thus far. T am so happy, grandma. T' couldn't write anything very sad. And so busy- T couldn't find much time. to think. I am so thankful to be one of the spirits permitted fo come through your lineage and I love you. T am sending you several hundred barrels of love. C. O. D. Perhaps thev will not get there for. a vear, so. take good care of yourself, and T wil deliver them next year in person. - once complained he whispering I ninetieth birthdav breathes somewhat of r necr hps that eatw "thy cross" was hard 'to bear, Haw Kt al great-grandmothe- - !io-- I CORRESPONDENCE. M present there are a number of v,MIn women working fn th, r.ionarv fcl fl,Jj f A-m their j;i!,nr. an, n.;(h jv in hvW hearts for the luW, privilege, of bearin-t- he glad tidmg. tn tlu. IltnTlo nf fb(. worl(j as their brothers have been permitted to do these many vears past. The follmvimr W ter and p.m was writt. n from one of these girl mi ;,!nries f.r .i!h occasion of her j lime eyes, through which the spirit gleams, I o Against immoral dressing anions the '"young women of the Church President Smith made the strongest plea. He requested that ward bishops, officers of the Kelicf Society, of the Y. L. M. I. A., and of the Primary association use every means of persuasion to prevent it, and if members of the different organizations insisted, and would not discontinue to dress in a way that exposes portions of the body to the gaze, he said, then they should be, disqualified as members, and associates, and be deprived of their places in the Church. Unless the women and the girls in the Church can clothe themselves decently. President Smith declared, they should not be tolerated as a part of the Church. Card playing President Smith also branded as one of the intolerable things among the members of the Church and enjoined all officials and "members to exert their influence' against that practice. The conference was in every respect most successful and the people must surely feel satisfied with the wisdonr and counsel there of manifested. These ronrrerations O the Saints, listenig to the eloquence of the Priesthood and the wonderful. music of the trire choir nroducc such - . and preat orphan , o 0 'n exultant feeling of joy and thankfulness ' r i me neart ior tne iKnowledge, ana11,1 meting the Gospel of Christ as to buoy, one up f!,r life's battles with renewed stuength and that years have crowned nh sifwwy locks and furrowed brow, Iuim- h art is ever as younn and warm' our u nder smile is. pleasing now. re-yn- ve nd we i With him to whom you pledged vour life Iu the dearest joy of expectant "youth. I. home and friends and kindred ties In answer to the 'call of truth.. , . ,h, KxlNJ:vt l() a m:xQ the;ionn ail,i pivpannu tor the sm,e. a number of '"tK-I- lutions. om-lerenc- - , y So-iet- NOTICE. 1 ' . -' 