' A - . W OMAN s LXPONENT. ,, 5 Thv Onim, of U Vui Wou' .SV,V,,. SALT LAKE CITY. FTAH, DECEMBER ' Review Mtinoriam fri' v?e ami Resolutions Mr. "razer's Book Eve Oik- Christmas No. elizabeth ann whitney. CONTENTS. . Kli.,(vth Ann Whitney Kiln i Society Reports Emery Stake Wayne Stake lJ.M.k ' ih, Latin:!.,,, SunS K a Sketch. ; i. i ! 2b 2t, 27 27 27 In I - .V Kdiiorial ...Aunt ' -- j Em 2 Suiiestive Thoughts 2H i 2S i Lucy Gates and Romania Fashioned Party Notes Alout Women llue.. 2) ) J'livtry mm The".Mother and Child Reverie ; 'I hen and Now. Maud Ellen Baggarlv E. Lydia 'Nellie i'.irewell B. L). -- 25 V. 25 Alder 27 liecroft 27 THE MOTHER AND CHILD. V.O- - O, ;X.J -- " A Christmas Poem By Maud Ellen Baggarly, Virgin-T- hen hail to thee; Mother of Jesus! I Hail to thy office high! hat giveth to spirits templc. That, givl-tgods tt the ky: h ! j -" 1 ?' Rejoice in motherhood's rapture, Rejoice in its sorrow and pain. Rejoice in the understanding of all things i hou dost c gain. Rejoice in eternal progression; exaltation above; endless lives of glory; Rejoice that God is love! In a manger cradled low. Vet . otrthy brow like drifted snow, lotus pure-anwhite, Peace doth lay her crown of light. In thy hand curled rose-bu- d wise A work of faith and healing' lies. el thine 'eyes, to sleep, O'er an efring world shall weep, f ho' in a stable thou wert..b6rn, hine earthly crown to be of thorn. Fain thy, portion heart of love God doth watch thee from above!. On thy birth-nigangels sing And beneath a sheltering wing ' Thou dost sleep, And the Heaven svigil keep. Long before the earth' took form Looked thou forward to the thorn. Looked thou forward to the tree-Sacrifice was. sweet to, thee! When the stars of Heaven sang, When with shouts the mansions rang, When the Son of Morning fell, Thou thy mission knew full well. But sleep, O babe,. white mother sings, Sleep, O, Christ, thou King of kings! )'r a love-kisse- d 1 ht . '. REVERIE. way some shadov in the" year Darkened our the light from path and Tiiei ' 8 ' " '.i view, ', , "''"v-.:""- " " r ' Jk .' looking back through mists of bitter ,'' tears, know whose Hand guidetL us' safely " E. B.AV. through. . - " ; ... Very IccI,'-on- e I whose name is connected with tlie early history of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints from the 'establishment of the organization and from the days of Kirt-lanOhio. Her face, even here, is like a beautiful .Madonna and her voice was one of the rar-:e- st and sweetest tone, the recollection of which can never lie forgotten, especially if she sang in the gift of tongues. It was said by the Prophet Joseph that she sang in the language spoken in the Garden of Eden, and this gift she retained during her long life, more than four score years. In her nature she wa.s very gentle, and possessed in a marked degree the spirit of prophecy. Before the advent of Monnonisin in Kirt-lan- d (when sjieand her husband were members of the Campbellite rhurch ) she had a. remarkable vision which was in the form of a cloud and rested ftpon the house, signifying, according to the Hebrew version, "The Daughter of the Covenant." When she sang with her husband. Bishop Xewel I. Whitney, whp accompanied her music was alin his fine tenor voice-th- e most sublime. In those early days in the 'thirties," it was said to be like enchantment to listen to the songs of Zion rendered by ' those untrained singers. . Sister ; Whitney had. other .accomplishments, one of them spinning flax on a little wheel to make fine linen, and she also spun wool and was an' excellent seamstress. In manner she was graceful and dignified and one might truthfully say of her, "a lady . of the old school." of in her, W. Edward writing Tullidge. called her the ITebrew type. When7 the Relief Society was organized " . "n'our "w. irt -- The Child ( mutiicrfin Israel' d, !n In . ; " it -- piii-stes- ; The :.'the meetings of 'thai' .select MK'k-ty- . as the tiv.H'ds show. Her faith Was unbounded in the everlasting guspel. and she w;r-iher-- ' ell. an in )i ration younger women." Alter the in.1rt rdum nf the prophet ami sisters sought Mr.s. patriarch the in no instance did and oamsel Whitney he tail. i.r she.: was always readv to listen and to alviV. hi the Xanvo( Temple she was-'thkafling spirit and looked like unto .t in very deed. She inspired confidence in Both men and women, a woman of sublime faith in the gosel and in the I'rophct Joseph Smith, indeed she was rev-- ' ercntial in her nature and temperament. hituev was the peer of any wom-- ; ister an of lur time: he has sometim.es been compared to Lucy Smith, the mother of Joseph, the prophet, but though thev were both gnat, they were two distinctive tvpes. Mrs; hitnev was born in the vicinitv of Xew Haven. Connecticut, Dec. K 1S(K). Her name was Smith, and when a young girl her parents consented to her leaving home with a bachelor uncle, and. a maiden ... aunt to go out to Ohio, then the far West. lTh,cV traveled in a wagon and settled in Kirtland. The country was new and wild but the young girl was trained by fier Aunt Sally in all the housewifely ways of that period. However, the bachelor uncle. and maiden aunt, scrupulous as they were, could not prevent her falling in love with the young man who was looking around for .a seamstress to make fine linen shirts., ru filed It was reallv a love match, and the etc. young woman never returned to her home j iVace and Good Will n OKI in Mmvou. 111.,'. Mrs. Wliitney was chosen by the "elect lad." I'.itima Smith, ;i one of lier ct .unbelt and she. often presided at r, Jo nnie Wells Cannon 1, i j in s Connecticut. - ller assoeiatesin the Church were wom- en of great faith and intense devotion Emma Hale Smith, Clarissa Lyman Smith, Vilatc Kimball, Man Ann Young, Lhebe C. Woodruff and Mary Ann Pratt, wi(e of Parley IL Pratt. Lydia Dibble (I ranger and Pamelia Lott, ICliza R. Snow, Mrs. Stej.)hen Markhaiji. Lydia Partridge, Diantha Mor-le- y Millings, Alary Fielding Smith, Mercy X: Thompson and many others. There were also,, younger women friends, but those mentioned were near her own age anil were all dear friends of Joseph. They are all gone now, and many others; but their memories are imperishable. They are of the members of the Church who with their husbands helped to lay the foundation-o- f work:. Blessed forever be this latter-da- y their memories.' VLl.v-'- v ' -- '. , E. B. W. 'President Stubbs of the University of Nevada. speajing on thetheme, "rotes for r Women; a fewlays agOi.(lecH.red:iine(uiy-ocall- v in favor of giving women the ballot. He paid .a gt6ying.r:tributey;ta ' fH .women of history who acro:nplilied great takthings, and to those of today .who areing leadership alng imany lines of activity.' 