RELIEF SOCIETV REPORTS. HIS HANDICAP. . LIBERTY were He wooed her when they hojli joor, - STAKE. 1 0 conference of Liberty stake Relief Society convened in Ninth ward and 2 meeting house July 26 ii 10. p. m.. President Anna S. Musser presiding. us At the morning session we Emmelinc B. Wells", General President .Aver e uncouth: Sarah J? Cannon of the General Board, and She took her jewel in the routfli. she polished C. W. SvmonsW Liberty stake High Coun-oi- l. day hy day. round the And with a woman's patience After opening exercises and address of worthless part s away. welcome by President Musser, the names of the 'General Board, also of the stake She turned him from a stupid clown jojne The board, were unanimously sustained. whose mein was proud, ahove rise wish the to in heart his She planted statistical and financial report for PHI was the crowd; read and accepted. After a solo, by Sister She 'planned the tiling he undertook, she Eva James, the First. Second.. Third. Eighth urired him on to try. and Ninth wards were favorably reported, She Kn e him .confidence to look for splendid ' things and high: showing them to be in the line of their duty. She bore the children that he 'loved and toiled Leah Righy and Dorothy Weiler favored for them and him. us. with a duet: Sister Sarah J. Cannon And often knelt beside her bed with 'aching urged all to subscribe for the Woman's eyes and dim. Exponent ; said the suggestions m the ExShe cheered him when the day were dark, arid ponent would be of great benefit to the when the skies were bright societies, encouraged all to be humble and She saw. him rise above the crowd and reach priverful and do our lcst at all times a noble height: marred by many a line: she's bent General President Emmcline B. Wells reHer brow lated incidents encountered in her numerous ami wan and 'old'. He has a bearing that is fine, a form of noble travels and spoke of reports received from mold: foreign branches ; said she had received And people say: "Poor man, alas! He's grown work than more benefit from Relief beyond his wife; How sad that such a load should be attached from any other source. Elder C W. life!" for him to spoke for a few moments u the ob- From the Chicago servance of the Sabbath and visiting the sick and aged. After closing exercises, adjourned until 2 o'clock. Lunch was served to all present during the noon recess. Conference reconvened at 2 o'clock with SUGGESTIVE PLAN FOR BETTERMENT President Kmmeline B. Wells. Sarah J. WORK. Cannon and fulia P. M. Farnsworth of the General Board. Elder. C. Y." Symons and . f . ' itll i iti.ill An T. I I. Wooley of Liberty stake High Council and all of stake board on the stand. (a") A Central PiettermcntCommillcc; After opening exercises and address of welconmosed of six members, three from the Relief Society' and three from the come by Counselor Zurviah G. Eardley, SisY. L. M. T. A., appointed by the ter Julia P. M. Farnsworth delivered a lecPresidents of the. two General ture on "Home. Its Necessities and Environments." which was timely and listened to ftoards. with interest. A solo entitled. "Trusting," 00 A Stake Betterment Committee - conmosed of four members, selected was rendered by Sister Eva James. Presiof the two dent Emmelinc B Wells said the seeds of by the organizations and appointed, by the love wisdom and kindness were very niarked in the Relief Society ; testified of the Stake Priesthood President. (V) .Ward' Missionaries one or two seProphct Joseph and his divine mission ; lected by the Stake Committees the realized and could see the development and Pish op and Presidents of the two the good which would be accomplished by this organization ; encouraged us in doing local organizations. j 2. The Work Preventive: good and, keeping the commandments of Aiiiis T() bring indifferent parents and God, and gave us many' other instructions:. Sister Maud. Kenner rendered a solo. Sister their children, into the organizations Sarah J. Cannon felt that this is a time oi that will bring, the spirit of the Gosprogression, arid we Want to go on to perpel --into their hearts and homes. in the work that. we were To impress parents with the sacred" fection, especially duties and responsibilities of parent- - sent here to do; spoke of taking care of wheat and storing" for times of emergency ; hood. exhorted all to remain faithful to the end.' To encourage the downcast, stim- -' President Musser made a few closing reidate the indifferent and reclaim, the marks, thanking all who.had helped to make wayward. our conference a success. After the solo, ' 3. Onnhfications of the Workers : "God Be with Us Til.l We Meet Again," by " The Spirit of the Work Wisdom Sister Eva James, and benediction by Sister Patience Soiritualitv Charity Sarah Swift, adjourned for six months.r : Love Tact. Lizzie Rohiuns, Sec. 4. Duties of Missionaries : Keen in close touch with the Relief " NERO STAKE. Society and Y. L. M . I. A Visit Hold neighborhood meet-- . homes. Relief 'Society conference held June 28, ings, and labor unceasingly with andmuch 1912, aL Payson. After- the opening exerpatience fot great love, the betterment of, the home and its cises Sister' Martha S. Kapple made reinmates. marks' concerning the good work the sisters Semi-annu- 'twas then he won her, too; She cheered him when the days' were, drear, and toiled to heh him through; him things from hooks that he had ' failed to learn in youth, She K't him to avoid the ue )i words that al . She-taugh- a.-in- . t had-Av- ith - i So-jk-t- -- Sy-mo- Times-Heral- I I I 1 VJ 1 d. . , - Stake-President- s . : " 1 -- ns of the Relief 'Society were doing; also ra the statistical and financial report of tl. stake for ...191 1. President Eliza' J. I)ix said she felt veryjiroud ofUhe Nebo sta' Relief Society ;. all the sisters were alwa "so willing to help in every way; was wv much pleased, to have President lunmeli: a I! mi i ii i anoi jmsut wens iicc .ucrrm tr iioi" i. iir ...with us, addressed the conference in a wr pleasing manner. Sister Martha Simons a; dressed the sisters, said she had been a men ber of the Church for 75 years and was vt pleased to be able to say a few words to tl. sisters of the Relief Society. Sister Wcli next addressed the sisters of the conferem made excellent remarks on charity; spl of the early organization of the Relief So rirtv :ind tlu work the sisters were doin- said now there "were 50 organizations of tli Relief Society in Great Britain and'tlir-were organizations throughout the world so that the sun never sets on the Relief S" rit'iv orphan zaiions : tu.uvu oi ijajuu woiiiu were engaged in this great work founded by the Prophet Joseph Smith. Sister M. A. Hardy made remarks in regard to Woman V Ex tone nt ; advised sisters to take paper. Recitation, Liicile Johnson. "'In tin Signal Box." After singing and prayer ad journed until 1 :30 p. m. Conference reconvened at 1:30 p. in. After opening exercises the conference was addressed by Jonathan S. Page of Nebo stake, who macje many encouraging remarks to the sisters in regard to Relief Society work. Song by Sister Hattie S. Wride, "Dear to the Heart of the Shepherd." Sister Emmelinc B. Wells addressed the conference: felt pleased to be able to speakto the sisters ; said the Relief Society was t illvM ii itiiu.tiiii i yji wiii.ii hi lilt world: would like to have all the societies have a library; also when any work is done to do it all in unison : also related her early experience in the Church and how she be came acquainted with the Prophet Joseph Smith. Sister Alice Merrill Horen made someVemarks in regard to beautifying our homes. Sister Eliza J. Dixon asked if there were any in the audience who had ever seen the Pro'pljet Joseph Smith and there were four who stood up. Sister Amy Hancock-waproud to know that she had seen the Prophet, and made very interesting remarks in regard to. her early experiences, in the Church.- Bishop Loveless made a few remarks and highly complimented the Relict Society sisters in their noble work. President Ilvrum Lemmon explained how the Relief Society was organized. Recitation. Sister Alice Pale. 'The Sale." After doronfer-encing remarks by Sister Eliza Dixon adjourned for three months. Singing of doxology, and prayer by Francis M t-r . i , -- 1 1 i - l . s e Elmer. - . , ... ".- ' . - MA LAD STAKE. The Relief Society conference of Malad stake, held June 30, 1912, .convened in the nArr: with President Eliza A. Hall presiding. k..:i,i:.,,u fPTN o ruvSintiTieiU We General were honored with a visiuirom President E.XB. Wells and Sister McClellanu from Salt Lake City : President Wm. AVm. TL Gibbs and L. D. Jones pi the stake presidency, members of the lug11 council, bishops of wards, presidents of tlu vnnniiQ wnrfk nf "Rplipf Societv. etc. Meet ing opened by singing "Our Mountain Home So. Dear." Prayer' was offered by 