1 Woman's Exponent 't;j:Ls,j:iiur and rubur Editor: t: m meu. t: n. A.MK V.t!.h-- ejtra fur otlf time. ,.riel .: .. rmi's otTn' ul.hru, I 2.."i0; per a.ivprttsr-r,- . rer.tar ru.?. t Kxp-.nkn- t .1 Ui. tn A f'S.Mi . an. I 2'J, -- Aa-l- - iKfi'r j j ;(;' (.'. U'i',M.t:."- - .:'',. ... . ..;.; . ::, r. t hri-ht- f .'I A !,::: - Maii.i; '. r Imi in i 'ih' VV!. ..r 'Mcr-- . r" .'.ti'i ' : . ' tf! -- -- i r . I K.I I 1 I !!'" re ut!a-- N K K v K. 1..--. nw this 23.1 iav r. 1912. iN .ilj JoUN M. Cannov, Notary Pui.itc - ' .ini:n- -i' t .;r. pna 26, congratulate our readers and the Relief Society everywhere on what has been accomplished by the organization dur-ii- i tile ear now iu-- t being completed. The ear lias been replete with interesting development- - m an extension of work along new lines and the tendencv to spiritual growth will be apparent in the near future m tm - great work. The method- - used to secure means for for which the society .haritable )iirjo-- e va- organizel - one of the problems that has to le dealt with in a practical way. o There an educational side the study for the improvement of the mind and heart, and the necessity of knowledge of a hat - taking place from day to day and t!ie progress made along what is termed the onvau's field of activity. "I he in clubs, social and u!)iects literary, might be introduced in their projx?r lace in the Relief Society. Already much h - Ik'cii done in this direction through lecture- and by other means connected with the mothers' work, but more can vet be given if care is taken to keep a balance of spiritual growth in the ascendancy. Faith in the gopel and in the principles thereof must be at the root of all progress, if we are to succeed in securing the salvation of those most near and dear .to us. which is the ultimate desire and object of all Latter-daSaints. That we cannot be - ived in ignorance is an established fact, therefore we' must strive kto educate ourselves along all lines. We cannot too highly appreciate the advantages we have in and through the Relief' Society. It is the best and most coihplete system of organized charity that has ever been known, extending into all civilized countries where the. gospel has been preached and' converts made, and giving to women the opportunity to dispense charity, in wisdom, to all those in need of material help;, and .the still higher privilege to mister in a spiritual way to those-- who are stewing the bread of. life, also "the sorrowing,and the despondent who are in darkness and who appreciate a helping, hand, for the siters. generally speaking, are full of tenderness and sympathy and. endeared to each other in the ..bonds.0 of loving fellowship, are able to draw near to the standard of Pv,,i. lence set by theavior who had; the love vi. r !aK. I n "4 , I'tah PEACE AND GOOD WILL. 'Jo thoe older rown, Chri-tinmeans, in miIkt reality, peatx- and l;o.1 vvill and tile uniting together of family ties and tlwe of kindred and dear friends, in the VboiuK of iood bellow hip. and partaking of -- each others hi- - reallv engenders the love of Chrit and as it were, casts a halo of love and ho-pitahih- ty. I ten-derne- -- over and around those whose heart are already touched with the love of all humanity, the spirit of the divine in a decree. Nowadays Christmas seems to have into a iviuof ifts almost indiscriminately and in this respect seems perhaps to many a time to he dreaded instead of welcomed People sometimes give that which they cannot afford and which thev have not the' Courage to refrain from giving! It is the spirit ot keeping up With one's friend and relatives w'ho possibly are able beeau-- e of circumstances to give liberally. If is ;t fnl-- e iden to wish tn 1n n; tli'orc , io, mucn netter is it to retrain and not tol- low the trend of x)putarity but maintain one's own .dignity, even at the. risk of being misunderstood. , v To offer assistance with that tact and that wouldmake the recipient generosity tl'l it an .honor to accept- instead, of being wounded is always" commendable. , Let not Xdiristnias jjaj pass without in way heing sigiuffcant of the cliaritv that never faileth", the. bestowal of that which will give joy to some human Heart. Family" gatherings have become almost es- Ma-te- r. po--ib- le-- lv er de-veuj- i it. . '''.. : - " N ; I wa-s- o ed ! al-- ; r . a- -- - -- ; i- 1913. i- - : ... - -. !:)nlj SA'-'- Salt Lake Cu, Utah S :l' Lake- City. Utah li.-VVcIl- i : W e Utah . . liuc i 3UGGE3TIVE THOUGHTS. s WriN. S.ik Lake City," Utah H -- ; r ill it r. ' At'itKf.-s- Ci-y- - ,r:nn!.'h:k:'.!- :- K U IN. S.sk U : -. , .:,.:.. !::.. I Lt:,, : e-t Salt Lake City, Utah . Wt-ll-,- - bu-;- ., published rt quired by . fhrli T t ; . nU'-;- rH 1 in.itHL . i''i-- M.'iii.iii, ! (. i - ' ''. i:.XriXI:.'I ' "i ...Mr i.ht v:,; s' M If we who profess to follow in th r. the in could of Savior v.:, keep steps how much the better world a precepts, I At be made the close of t'ius might ..r !;; niany of us make resolves to do bet t!ie days to come and often fail to tiieni out because of the hurry and the work-a-da- y world, the mind heir, . much ccupied with trying to keep up those around uS'in worldly things, an c far-re the v forget higher and .more ' r matter that jertains to the better 'ide life. These things should not be neg! for they tend to enrich our own soul- make better alsj the lives-othose ar uwhom we love and whose welbbei; more dear than our own. After all. it is the firm belief of the a r is that the world growing better,, that u:a:,. kind is attaining a higher standard of !e and that a greater number of are. seeking after truth and striving to k e; more fully the higher law, "To do unt.. others as we would have others do unto here has never been' a time in the world's history when the love of human kind manifest in words and deeds as the .present. Intelligence has become more widespread and the springs of joy and happine-- s that tlow from its fountains are reaching out to all who will receive its benefits. There need be no fear of a backw.tr tendency uow the world is too far advanced, and the generation of younger people who are now coming forward with minds alert and with new energies will keep up " with the rapid advancement in the race progress. In view of all this, the writer urges the sisters in all the Relief Societies cultivate faith and never neglect to pray with faith. As a help in this direction 'ac would recommend the Lectures upon Faun in the book of Doctrine and Covenants, ir we had the faith that the sick could, he healed, what a precious blessing it would be. and faith like this we should instil into the souls of all who will listen to the teachings on this subject. We must, as older people, embody faith in all our. teaching- - t the youth of Zion that it may become a' part of their "daily lives. "Faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of thing-no- t seen." Tennyson says, in hjs celebrate poem. "In Memoriam :" "Strong Son of God, Immortal Love. Whom we, that have not seeii Thy face. By faith, and faith alone, embrace, Believing when we cannot prove!" a- tik--.- V.v . mg. : hn-tni- - te ; teo-un- t - .! . fr i -- ',,' made him willing to lav .down his o that mankind might he permitted the presence of the. Father and of the blessings pertaining to life cv. -- liberal r.r liih(-fnm. ii'l s a, r - j of noti- Hue Clm-tina- - ' iivt-re- : .1. ; Trriu-- Buin-.- , Main Street. i,..wr .lav. Suiji!a. p. lu.. all i.uiii---- i .miiuni',ati"i.- - ' Mr-- . h. H WKI.Ls S.U.f l.Ahk. 'T . 4 I.i'-- !..-:-- I'tah. . t ,t.. n'i.ir'' Ka.li - it y . V.y year. 5 ou vrtiijiif rate:- A-- i ( fori-l.it- . u.h.Ih o ,1 Sal? Lake la'.r.'.hiy in l hri-tm- :A.yjy, Antant KiJ.S M that surpassed all other love, that v enjoyment, ami the mure primitive ones in most instances are the n.o-- t enjmaMe. We are all inclhvcd to the children. N only ihiuk it nt a da to refresh one's air. r ail with fond ami loving thoughts of :!:ii"t present or win have gone before: Krhap- - tile mo-- t happy gathering's at tin- i time are when the memler .'f a fa'iiih. married aud ingle., assemble at the ii ii'me and gather around the motive i! a:;! oil time- - When tiiev were reimi n brim-- Milt the hnet w. 'ti"!i- - f the human heart, ami the pearN e if Ii.ve an-affection that lie ieeje-- t are ir ni-.- firth ami uriven "place u here they. ami linger lm:et. en-will Ur v Ik' treatirel in hiring 'Aim'e hte remain'. who brotiht v, ar t C";i'e when tlm-- e ' t:n- - hall have paed into for til to se'ntial ; (li-cuss- ? ed i- y ! 1 EMMA LUCY GATES - . AND ROMANIA HYDE. ft is, often remarked that Utah's sons and daugthers who have ventured out along lines of art and education in the world, have ' -- pretty generally succeeded. In eastern col-- , leges tliey rank among the highest for excellence and the most gratifying thing i? their splendid standard for good character. Their moral training at home-anthe implanting from their youth the highest ideals, together with the splendid religious teachoL the ings received, jforti d 1 ; pi .14 rt 