' f . many miles aim me neaiei Miqvmc rescued (hose, found on life Wats in the early morning, though the great ship and most of her passengers had gone down into a watery grave long hours before. The rescued ones say just as the lights went out they heard the band playing crowning "Nearer. My God, to Thcr"--of pathetic, resignation that can hardly thought f without te;ir-v.u-p.atlji- Woman's; Exponent and-raft- EMMEL1NE B. WELLS, Editor and Publisher ANNIE WELLS CANNON. Assistant Editor. Published monthly in Salt Lake City, Utah. 'IVrnis: one copy one year, $1.00-- ; one eqy ix months. ',() vis. doliv-ro- t by No reduction made for clubs. City ap-r'23 c t.s. mail, extra for postage ene year, Hues of Advertising rates: Each juare, spac one time $2.50; per month, $00 A litnil discount to regular advertisers. Exponent ofllce rooms28 and '2'J, 2nd ll"r Mihop" Huilding, 40 North Main Street, Business hours fn.m 10 a. m. to 5 p. in., every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to Mrs. E. B. W'KLLS, n Salt Lake City, Entered at the Post Office in Suit Lake Vitui ' Metond flats matter. Salt Lake City, Utah A I'ltlL ,n. r I t'-tu- t i...n-palle- . 1!)L' s a s t-- a," i OUR TEMPLE OF TH.E DRAMA. notable event in the history of Salt Lake Citv occurred March 7 when the old historic playhouse, the Salt I,ake Theater, celebrated its fiftieth anniverarv. The event brought to mind a flood of recollections, not only to those few who now remain who were ppent at the dedication and the firt performancebut to many of the next genera-liowho. from early cluldhood, had been frequent attendants among the audiences, and sometimes had swelled the number of supernumeraries in the fire cone in " The Streets of New York." or the Witches' chorus" in "Macbeth." Of the few remaining who took part on the ljrt m.ghtjjiere were onlv Hiram T. Clawson. Phillio Mar- gitts. Margaret Uomney nee Thomas, and I'rof. Charles J. Thomas. It was with keen marked the absence of regret David McKcnzie, probably Utah's most gifted actor, whose sudden illness prevented his being there and vhe death occurred t few days later. I As sat in the audience with my mother, was not so much interested in the 'opera. "Robin Hood," being, presented in a most charming manner by the Salt Lake Opera company, as in the audience itself ; and when all those present who attended the first performance were asked to rise, my eyes were dimmed with tears noting the changed faces, the whitened hair, the furrowed brow, the halting step. From that hour the opera did not interest me; I forgot it and with closed looked back into the old Theater eyes. with, its long cushioned seats, its heavy green curtain and its row of coal oil lamps for footlights. We went in family groups in those days, and a large part of" the east side was reserved for President Young's family, while my father's seat was on the west side of the railing which ran down the center, No. 69. I remember that President Kimball's was just in front, No. 68, and I used. as a little child to wonder if all the Kimball family were tall dark boys because I noted many times the seat had only men folks; while my father's just behind was nearly filled with girls. The most strikiW figure in all the audience was; of course, President Young, whose keen eniovment of the play seemed .always to enhance the interest Tor others. Then there was alwavs my own father, the greatest lover of the tneater ever knew. Among thw attache none was more iaithful than Brother Toms the doorkeeper; and after the building had been renovated and refurnished, it seemed as though it was incomplete without that faithful monitor to receive our tickets and afterwards keep order among the unrulv children who found their way inside: ' As in Macbeth's dream, long lines of personages pass before my 'gaze: Paunce-for- t; George Waldron in "Nick of the A Of all the disasters of the sea t which wc have record, none is so appalling as the one that occurred on the night of April 14. when the great ocean liner "Titanic" struck a huge iceberg off the banks. of New found-lanand in los than thrcchoiirr had' been swallowed up by the ocean with a vast cargo of human freight, more than fifteen hundred souls going down into tliejcv waters with the mighty ship. The details of this terrible disaster, one of the worst in the world's history', are too terrible even to contemplate one stands aghast at its aw fulness. Calamities like these impress one anew with the utter insignificance of man and man's power in any measuring of strength with the angry forces of nature. A great vessel, supposed to be uusink-ablequipped with all the latest and most modern appliances, every luxury and convenience that human skill could devi-am! d e, , yet on its. very first voyage doomed to the depths of the sea!, In such a lod tragedy one truly realizes that is no respecter of persons and in His sight all men are equal. The gallant chivalry and dignity of the men and the heroism of the women on board that vessel will long be told in story and in song,. low the former parted with their loved ones .and then stepped back, loading other women and children into the life boats and then calmly awaited their destiny to be hurled into the sea. perchance if God so willed to reach a piece of wreckage and be saved by a passing vessel, or to be buried in .the. waves to await that day when the sea will be called upon to give up its dead. The civilized world is shocked beyond words and the hearts of the people are filled with a desire to ho some good for those who having been saved find themselves without means and bereft of loved ones. The Red Cross Society of , America, can surely now -- ill-fat- ed 1 of work relieving these unfortunates and the people have already shown how gladly they will help by their liberal donation of means. So sudden was the impact of the ice and so complete the wreck that had it, not been for that- - most- marvellous of all recent inventions, wireless telegraphy, it is doubtful .if a single soul would be alive to tell, the sjefy. But by this means the ship's distress was signalled find plenty - - - - , , : d , n;:, Annie Wells . . ; , r-- ct .1 - I . ,,Ur-ryes- . 1 . - , the-audienc- I- George .Teasdate as .He.-l- V in "Macbeth;" Julia Dean Nellie Cui,:,.',, Asenath Adams, Susie Spencer, tin- nvhl soubrette, 'Toddy" Give, the (.i;!m ,jh. John C. Graham, Jlenry Maiben, an, Mlll'' many familiar figures portraying be fur,. tragedy, drama and comedy, an Aj,lt an education it was! People search, Shakespeare now,-anyet ' ju t!i .. theater days the stock companies u; w ith the plays of Sheridan and Sbak' u,lY(. and other immortals until we childn km-them ourselves by heart. Perhaps oiu of tK. most popular plays to the childhh :nin.l was the "Octoroon" and certainlv a. ,,n,. vho witnessed that play will ever the splendid McCloskey of David McKcnzie;" the Indian of ojhn T. Caint tlu of S. Salem Scudder Lindsa. r tl)0 John Dellie Clawson. post boy of How the scenes shift, and now un appear Couldock and his frail daughter, who came here at last to die and a resting place on the eastern hilbide. Then the beautiful Annie Lockhart a Parthcnia, in 'Tngomar," and "Lady's Audley's Secret," and when she also died while filling an engagement here it seemed to me,that pne of the brightest stars had left us. Later when "Jimmy" Harris was manager, and we l;ad a painted curtain and the city boasted a gas plant, there came entertainment in lighter vein and the little girl's eyes were nuzzled and her brain by the transformation scenes of "The Nymph of the Lurleiburg" and the wondrous colors of the "Fairy Fountain" even in this day with all the wonderful color effects produced by electricity the colors of that fountain seem to me incom, parably beautiful. is the But, goodness, opera over, the asbestos curtain has fallen and the dispersing audience calls me back from my dreams. As I rise in my seat I see the familiar form of Hiram Clawson just passing out of his seat a short distance before me, the lat time ever looked upon him, for hefore a month had passed he, too, had gone to join the innumerable hosts on the other side. ;X i n THE TITANIC. Woods Ca n x x . SUGGESTIONS FOR THE RELIEF SOCIETY. A short time before the recent conference of the Relief Society, the General Hoard discussed and agreed upon the propriety of presenting some suggestions as to lilies of endeavor in stake and ward societies outside of their regular routine work. A committee of the board was appointed to lormulate such suggestions- as might he deemed timely and appropriate, and in due time that committee made, its report. This report was aproyed by the General Board. and later by the conference in the business . o." .meeting; and is now given out in the sincere hope that its suggestions :will be found interesting and helpful. It is as follows: - -- I PREAMBLE. a great and wise purpose that we are permitted tq live in this1 probation, having" assurance of a Divine pla- n- for our development believing that each individual must elevate himself by hi own faith and study and good works, but. having also evidence that the united effort .Knowingthat it is : jor - 