WOMAN'S EXPONENT 84 . i Woman 'S in popular questions which are being agitated Great Britain at the present time, and were decidedly in favor of suffrage for women property -holders, and especially those Who had no man, hXPONENT. Editor. EMM ELISE 'BZ' 'WELLS. so it island he "has all seasons for his own." Oh saddest-event- s the qtb, of October transpired at Devereux House in this City, the. sudden death of Mrs. Emma v Lettice T&nnino-Carlisle, not yet the bride of a-- year's time. So "sudden and unexpected was the occurrence that , the young husband and the tender mother were totally unprepared. Just about an hour or so previous to her death, Mrs. .Carlisle had given birth to a little daughter, 'and every hope was enter-- . . . 1.1 . it j sne wouia raiiyjinurecupcraie graau-alllameainai She had everything to live for, a loving and devoted companion to whom she was fondly attached, a babe just opening its eyes upon the new th u'orTrl An bp tp'nrTerTv rarpd a mother's loveahd maternaf "devotion, which Mrs, Carlisle possessed . naturally, also those attractive home qualities that make family ties" more endearing and fasten deeper in the heart the human affec tions, that when rent asunder make terrible havoc with the households so associated and linked together. Both in. the home and" in the sick room her influence was a powerful one for good. She was a natural nurse and because of her intense love for such pursuits, had taken a regular course Z It. Loe prepareu 10 ao gooa in nursing mat sne migni among her family andfiiendsand do it systemati- ult-oneof-t- he ulla7falh terests. We emphatically maintainedit is better to represent one's relf. than to be dependent upon another even if it be a man, to which sentiments the Ladies assented. We accompanied them to the Temple Block and went over the grounds and public buildings, explaining and answering their ' In Salt Lke City, Utaffx Terms: Published no copy one yenr.l.oO; one copy six mouth's, 50 cts. iNo eduction made for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, xtra for postage one yea r, 25 cts. .' " Advertbinfr rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil pace, one time, S2.50; per mouth, !3.00. A liberal discount :'" o regular ad vertlsers'" .. , serai-monthl- T. 1 Exponent, office,; No. 25 E., Kouth ,'TempIi; ,fitrcctsccorrd Lqflestiotts a' gaterastiif ie?crct News OfflccrRiincss nburyfrowi 10 iuir time to 5 p.ML every day, except Sunday- Xhese ..ladiescultivated, . refined -- and -- accom lAddrfct .All biisinot enmiamikaiiitffls ty plished, accustomed to the society of the highest Salt Lake City Utah.- - aristocracy, were very much like other people in sentiment and expression.- , Entered at the JPost Office in Salt Lake tfty, Utah, as. Second Qasi Matter. They, had read WV. Hep worth Dixon's books "New America" and another work treating someNovember i, 1889. what definitely upon Mormon subjects; they had Salt Lake City, also read Lawrence-- Oliphant's views of the Latter-da- y faints in Utah. EDITORIAL NOTICES, The Dowager Countess seemed very proud of her ten grandchilren and wished she could show After the Woman's Congress held in Denver them to us. Both ladies are quite young looking had adjourned some of the Eastern ladies paid a and both are widows, and if and visit to Salt Lake. "They registered at the Cullen we might venture an opinion on the subject, some-- " where a reception was tendered them by the of the fact that they what strong-mindeladies of the Woman 'sClubof thiT CiTyVn Fri are "doing America," without a gentleman escort. cany in the Dest ana gentlest manner. day evening Oct. 18, commencing at 8. n.rn. The Mrs. Carlisle though from her childhood accusIn a letter received yesterday from the Countess parlors of the hotel were brilliantly lighted and the Selkirk she refers tomed to every luxury wealth can bring was kindly to the Exponent and rooms decorated with "flowers' for the occasion, never carried away with the frivolities of society, asks for other copies; the Ladies were at that date . r a I e J . 1 .1. .a .t t L.a... I presumably by the Woman's Club who had, the ubuwi iu ncau vuc paui ui uuijf auu ui on the banks of the beautiful Hudson; they in uui iui.u affair in charge.Mrs. Wickersham formed me tbey intended visiting Washington D. safety. She was of a religiousrjiature full of faith introduced those who called to the and integrity tbTthe Gospel. She was devotedly C. beforjhey sailed for E ngland. distinguished visitors ; they were the -- Rev. attached to. sisters and brothers, who Antoinette Brown Blackwell the first woman ever will sadly miss her calm and serene presence in ordained to the ministry in the" United States,7! the home circle, and her wise counsel in matters HOME AFFAIRS. Mrs. Henrietta L. T. Wolcott, Treasurer of the of importance A. A. W, and Miss Emily I lowland an ardent The writer distinctly remembers her appearance Pres. Zina D. H. Young attended the Stake T worker in reforms.also MrsTLawTorof the A. A. Inn cr iron in Y rrir r( hor rr ifi-- i rrtx 1 of Conference of the Relief Sociely of Cache held at lecturewas given by these ladies in the also that of her sister Maye, for it hadbeeaa and returned home Monday Logan last Opera House Sunday evening, which was very double wedding, how her face lighted up with the evening; well attended thoijgh the weather was unfavor joy of a happy contentment, and how perfect '' ' .ZZ'.. able. Mrs. Lillie Freeze attended the Conference of seemed the commencement of her married life. Wolcott explained brieflyand definitely the the Relief Society, YZL Mrl. A. and P. A. of But alas,for all human hopes and aspiration, she origin, aim and. work of the Association for the Morgan Stake on the 25, 29, anil 27, ofjDctober "was cut down like a flower in full bloom in the Advancement of Women, which holds a Congress ult. '.";' midst of a beautiful garden, and we believe only to' of the large cities of the United annually in. one be transplanted in a more congenial clime, where I he Relief bociety Conference of the Sanpete . States. will be held in Spring City, on Saturday those spiritual attributes of her nature apparent Miss Howland followed in a somewhat pathetic Stake, i4r meetings commencing atno, arm: and zZ here will shine forth with increased power and - speech upon the Temperance question, and Mrs. iDec splendor, and she will attain that perfection of Blackwell spoke for a short time on general 2 p. m. as usual. Mrs. Mary Ann Hyde President. beauty in soul and character that surpasses all topics giving in brief the general advancement ,,On Wednesday October 23, a Woman Suffrage earthly endowments. May the rich consolations made by women during the last forty years. Association was organized at Provo orUtah u. dullj CUUUUl IIJC IllUUi u nruuit u auutuc vt On Monday the ladies called at this office and nuij ojiiu Mrs. Tanner Pres. Susa .Young County, Mary J. ing husband, mother and friends, and the rich we had an interesing time, Pres. Zina D. H. In Sec. our next issue full particulars Gates, she has left in her noble and wise example Young being with us on the occasion; of course will be given of the meeting, and also the able": legacy e ever-ba light and a guide to them while, sojourn- the subjects were mostly of our faith, priciples address tielivered by the Pres. Mrs. Tanner. ing here'; andjnay the little one so early bereft of and ...institutions and both Mrs. Young and the a mother's care be to them a constant reminder of Mrs. Elizabeth Howard attended the writer always take pleasure in explaining: the Emery the one departed and an influence arid incentive to Stake Relief Sociely Conference and other meetsituation of the people before and since the ow on where she has gone. ' of the Edmund's law. ings in the County, leaving this City on the 17, of October. A Woman Suffrage Association was On Xuesiky. evening, M 'It bids us do the work that they laid down, St Mark's schoolhouse, subject t'The Nineteenth organ! zed for Emery Co. during Mrs. Howard' z r i Take up the song where they broke off the strain; , So journeying till we reach the heavenly town, Century." We very much regretted not hearing visit there of which full particulars have not yet V"here are laid up our treasures and our crown, reached us. Joanna P. Curtis is the Cor. r. her, but had an appointment at Provo the same Sec, And our lost loved ones will be fpund again." will notice be of Mrs. .the has an blackwell excellent voice given organization hereafter; evening, f " Emma Lettice Jennings was the daughter of Mr", foi public speaking, and a most admirable names of officers etc. and Mrs. William Jennings, and was born in presence, a logical way of presenting her subject, Salt Lake City, Aug. 2 1866 and was married to and is very attractive in manner and appearance. IN MEMORIAM. ..... Hon. J.E. Carlisle in the Logan Temple, January On Tuesday October, 15, we had a pleasant call 'The loved and lost! " Why do we call them lost ... 7 3, 1889, and died Oct. 9, 1889, aged 23 years. 2 Because we miss them from our onward road ? from at this office, months and 7 days. Theresa, Dowager Countess of ' Qf God's unseen EnglaBdand-ihr.oiiihle:ssour o'er angel Mrs. Carlisle funeral was held at Devereux Shrewsbury,pathway crossed Looked on us and all, them The , Scotland. ladies the were most House and was numerously" attende(i,rBishop F. loving Selkirk, Accompanied" i relieved them from Straightway life's who had their been load. maids, Kesler presidingj JSinging by the- Quartette weary by traveling with .them through the United States.: They had some quesThe bright and beautiful month of October and Goddard. Messrs7Easton, Spencer,-Whitnetions to ask concerning our f.ii;h ami principles, - - - - ''When the swallows homeward fly."- when nature plumes hersetf most royally in scarlet, and manifested considerable interest in the con, purple, af:d golden, and the vines, gardens, groves Prayer was offered by Apostle Heber J. dition of women under the enforcement of the and hills are bedecked with the many colored r ; Edmund's law. They conversed freely with the Autumn leaves, s ems scarcely a fitting, time for Z; Z "Spin Spin" &c. writer, giving their own views and opinions upon Ihe angel of deathlothed in sombre garments to Consoling speeches were made by Bishop 0. F. y. would-permi- t. for-wi- . well-preserve- d, ? , -- d a-view- -- . 7 1 1 and-Mrs.-Frois- 1 eith her-mothe- r, . tl-1- ''Vf7A 0 ror-on- t 3 e w-ee- . -- ' 1 1 ri il. L - . . - .M - r y : - Grant-Singing- f 