The Rights of the Women of Zion, and the Rights of the Women of all Nations. 41 Vol. 18. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, OCTOBER 1, 1889. contents; To day our friends arc scattered far and wide Our "fireside circles,' ruthlessly are riven; :. 'Zl jDrifting on persecytioa'sJjeaving tide. - From swee. home comforts dearest ones are driven. Hepbzibah A story. Death of a noted English Woman, --The Dozen Greatest Poets. What kind of Education will secure our Salvation.M. Commemoration of Historical E. Teasdale. events. Notes and News. Editorial. Notice of Conference. - Relief delyCorifeience More Severe Measures.-Editori- al Notes. A Golden Wedding. Three" Quarters of a Century. Literary Note. To the Suffrage Ladies. Clara B. Colly. People's Platform. . ' -- The. true and just are counted lawfvl prey, Denounced as aliens or as traitors bold, Are robb'd of Freeman's rights in open day A shameful sight for Freemen to beho!tL -- Yet, as the noted worthies heretofore, Who served as targets for the clamorous crowd Counted as gain, the scorn and shame they bore; -And in the midst of pain rejoiced aloud, - . ' Tennyson's Birthday. Ex. R. S. Reports. W. Millard Co. A. Poetry. -- The Infant Sister. L. G. Richards. Lines. Emily H. Woodmansee. Our Darling , Babe. E. R. S. In Memoriam. Obituary. . . THE INFANT SISTER. from!"- Let me see our Baby Sister ZZIZZZIZZ. Press my lips upon her cheek; - ' Isn't she a sprightly "fister'? How her young eyes dance and speak! . Telling us of happy Heaven, Joyous message from above; As of follies all forgiven, And of new born faith and love. the boys, " WhoJusj orjmoother . In the rough and heated sand! Jhejrjher,. aidjber broiheriisler," .Take her kindly by the hand. . - - 3 Lead her bravely, firmly onward, Tjiough an infant, born Hopefully she reaches sunward, For our "Y. L. M l. A.'' Years ago was contemplated, First, by "Heaven inspired A Hope,' Such a birth yet watched and waited, This fair child for strength and scope. - . . S. L, City, Sept. to-da- n. - " Emily H. Woodmansee. 1889. J- - - ' HEPHZIBAH. VIII. The preparations for Hepsie's departure were completed, and with a sorrowful countenance, she heard the announcement that ail was ready for her journey. "I must go . over all the dear places once more, mother, and say good-byperhaps forhills to climb and golden rod ever; there are to gather, I'll wear a bunch of it; and in the meadows there are daisies still, I'll have a hand-fuof them, tomorrow morningI must go to the grove and hear the birds sing again, and then the brook, I love so much, there are fine ferns there, I'll take a few of those, and then you know mother, I have soJanJWeDdatQ. part with, old and young, Fin going so far, and e , LINES. Addressed to Sister S. J Cannon and to aimumbe of Friends assembled in honor, of her fiftieth Birthday Anni- ll " . versary. Refreshing 'tis, fo meet with those who love us, To find amid life's shadows, pure delight, Cheering, as when the starry orbs above us Shine out in splehdoivand illume the night. : ,; - -" Pure social influences cheer the soul; True friendships' voice is like a soothing strain, Sweet sympathy, oft makes the spirit whole; Nor is Love's willing labor lost or vain. : Christ's Law commends itself to generous hearts, ' Eadteether,s burthens," so "called Saints should bear. Trouble and grief of many kinds and sorts more or less, we all are bound to share, . ; r it will beyearsrperhapsrbefore"! ' come back, didn't you say so?" " ' "Yes, I said you had better stay three or four years there, but we shall come to see you -- sometimes."-"- : :"; 77 ".' ; "But you can't bring all the lovely places go over them once more!" listened mother in astonishment, "why Ifer "Hepsie you've been at home for weeks, and going here and there through the village, sayj with you, 0, 1 must he lasrday at home for a time, but simply state, there was -- love-laden- : , "0 yes,'I wo will not linger over Once more good bye, to loving friends and dear,1 A fond adieu to meadows, groves and brook; Now olher scenes,the lonely heart must cheer, Nor backward turn with one regretful look. When her elder sister ventured, teen years ago, to speak, How, by some, her ways were censured! Some have grown more wise and meek. Now the Infant and the Maiden, Side by side, hxTosy youth;' """T" , with hearts Clasping hands, Stand for Zion, God and Truth. ": L. G. ; Richards. - half-consciously waters, yetypu'll. glide. O may your days and years be lengthen'd out, To whatso'e'er extent you may desire; And may7ffiig TyOricrrcIe'you abou.fc-- 1And living Faith and Hope your soul inspire. Your Friend . r- Dear Sister Cannon! needless 'tis to tell . Your bark has breasted oft an adverse tide; Yet, hosts of friends are yours, who wish you well, Gently greet the youthful stranger, her welcome everywhere; Help to shield from threat'ning danger, Soothe her hours of anxi ous care. How her weary feet may blister, . know, she talks to herself down there; I've often heard her, and she told me that she believed, if there ever were true fairies, they were in the hemlock grove, down-bthat brook.!' "Jamie you said you wouldn't tell," cried Hepsie, and then she burst into tears. These were her childish secrets, and she did not like them told, not even in her own home. The mother heard the children talk on among themselves, but she made co comment, wise woman indeed, yet deep down in her heart a thought, a hope was lurking, that some day Hepsie might be all her grandpa had promised on the day of her birth. lhe evening wa3 passed in talking over the affair uppermost in the minds of all the family; Ilepsie's going away again to another school; and each one had something to say before part ing fox the eight or some advice to give; and many plans were laid for the morrow. Early in'the morning Hepsie and her brothers were foCT- to the grove to hear the birds sinsr, and gather the ferns, and all day long, she was go ing hither and thither taking leave cf all she held so dear, outdoors and in. One might set out for Egypt and the Nile in our day, and not feel the breaking up and leave taking so much 03 little Hepsie did, going away fifty miles to school. - Albeit Hepsie loved school, and . wanted to go, for she had "great expectations" ' . in her own way. From purest friendliness, convene we here And cordially as one we all unite To pay respect to One beloved and near To honor this important festive night., Bid . - "What to make verses," chimed in one of Who surely will, His children's wrongs redress God's own "peculiar people" tried yet choice, Can bid despondency to Hope give place God's own "peculiar people" can rejoice Above all other's on the Earth's broad face. In sacred circles, or at social feasts, God gives the pure of heart his peace profound This natal Jubilee is proof at least Despite our troubles, cheerful souls abound. ing your tender things to young and old, and roaming in the hills, filling the house with Autumn- - leaves, and brown and yellow-vine- s and twining them about the rooms in your own queer way; you cannot take such rubbish with you, besides the hills there are full of them and you will be very near the riverthe beautilul Uonneeticutt. "Yes," interposed Marion an older sister ... "but Hepsie love.3 our little brook here more than she will ever love the grandest river, that's where she gete ' her inspiration at-hom- .' ...v So Zion's children are and must be brave, " - Hopeful and humble, patient in distress, Must trust in Him alone, whose power can saver: S-- No. 9. tne-tiay- little eating, or sleeping among the children, and Mrs. Hathaway wa3 profoundly quiet. Morning came and the house was soon astir it was an Autumn morning and the trees were the many colored, the searlermaples "fiastierf-imellow sunlight, and the hills were fairly regal in tneir gorgeous coloring. The parting was soon oyer, though : many tears were shed, and long after the coach was out of sight, the children hung about the gate way, to try and catch one more glimpse of the fine horses. Mrs. H. had entrusted Hepsie to the care of a friend, who was going- - to the county town whither Hepsie was bound, and so she .had no misgivings cencerning her safety. The ride was simply delightful, and once she n : ceased weeping, she enjoyed every rnomen t. The many colored hills and woods, the sumac, mountain ash and maple, and other bright tints of shrubbery, were a perfect picture, a3 they drove rapidly over the road; bridges were crossed and hills climbed, pretty villages were passed, and at noon the stage drove into a town where there were a goodly number of Church steeplesany Targe and handsome buildings; on and on the stage' rattled until the tavern t. U4. Li.J J horses were put up. Dinner at the tavern, for 1 : those wh.oi wished 4t, then--- fresli -- torsesan ft-- -- " . 