: EXPONENT, WOMAN'S , ... ... , - . grandpa would say "she is like her grandmother's family, she has the Hastings blood in her veins, we shall see what the future will r: unfold." What all! puzzle the c&UfaaiUQ them . "What can Hephzibah do with all these fine aristocratic notions without money' said ... '. to the mother on one occasion when paying his regular visit to the homestead he found, her installed then) as though she were Actually the mjstrcs3 of ceremonies, positively receiving her unclo on his arrival wULl the air of ailittle Duchess' bred and' horn. He undertook to remonstratcrvith-his-fathe- rr telling him how absurd-i- t wa3 to have ''that child assuming so luuch authority, where' she had no rights;!' but all id no purpose, the old man's affection for her was almost an adoration. 'So the selfish uncle appealed to the mother, he knew her to be wise and discriminating and he carefully inquired what course she intended to take in regard to Hephzibah's future. "She cannot go on long in the way she i3 doing now," he said,' "for she will soon be developing into-womanhood and you have too many boys and " girls to give her any special advantages; by and bye you. will not bo ablo to control her at all, if indeed you are now, whic appears doubtful, and the child is far too delicate and "sensitive as well a3 too proud to push her own ' way in the world. You are certainly doing her a great injustice; she must go away from r here to school, where she will be properly con-- " trolIcd.; Once gone from his sigh trfa the r will ' forget all about it,' just like a child, and she L will familiarize herself with other scenes, and it will change everything for the better." The uncle seemed to think his sitter-in-Jacoincided wiih his views, and acquiesced in the V echeme of sending ITephzihah away but-Sh- e: did not, far from it nor did she intend to follow his advice in the least, and when he had, gone she soliloquized thus: "It would never do to send the child away, while her grandpa isJivesr itwOuld break; her hearty and - the "old would refuse to be- comforted and - moura himself to death. remain until time brings some change about-"- . ; Friends of: the family one after another came to offer advice, una Mrs. II. grew weary of their solicitations, and her replies were such as to convince them, she knew best herself what to do with her own, and though ,some of the presistcnt ones felt yet they tried to make amends for seeming interference, by praising the child's ability and 'would Bay "we are all interested in her future for we can see die basor : should be developed in other ways, than hiding herself away in nooks and corners and talk-t- o the brooks and birds and trees.-'.. -- Mrs. II. was perfectly viU aware of the situation of affairs, and anxious to have her little daughter receive an education in the best schools, and she knew, better than anv aim her rich-uncl- e -- . T. w - She-mus- t i- self-condemne- , " as-mot- hers inaiijepnziDan coum not submits obe. sent away from grandpa among strangers, and at the same time conform to the rig discipline . of the She loved her little girl with all the warmth of her,, generous motherly !ear! :9S!J?? ten:thechild:grew.more . school-room- intense still, when she learned how ethers felt concerning the child's future, and that she was such a genmLikvoriten- - the village. However she would not- yield in the leaf, and pursued the even tenor :oliicr way, regardless alike of their admiration of the child.or nAvl concerning herelfare,iiM bah? she was totallv unaware nf if air 4 still indulged her childish peculiarities-- ' she never played,,as other children did,--or much with them at all, though she i;ta on,i likes, strong ones too, among her plavmates a J well as older peonle: the lmv were rather fond of annoying and frightening her - hJ w n - " Scotch were naturally, much offended at their;: loss of the stone, and later' it caused quite a dispute between Ldward lll anauavid n. -The former consented to give up, the stone, but of London clamored so loudly about she loved so well, and thus even he the people water-lilie- s the regalia. In a manifested -- their boyish, it that he could return only "most bashful-on- es beautiful m recent book about Scone, published atPertbrte the of her Jove of appreciation the following: nature. "There is a story told of one of the villagers,, Descended from the staunch old Puritan r still alive, who went to London on some busistock,with all their .severity of character it ness,' which being finished, he resolved on cppmprl afrnnrffi tbat withoutanv predilection - of -- the city. Among', she fdiouldloescs: of her on the part parents, visited wa8 Abbey, other places sucn eninusiasm un fcuujcciocv iuifcu vv him the fitone of wbereivaspointed"ootto habits -- and- cu3toms;aswell as" thedisposition cumr. aucr owuuiug m nf tl.A rjrlnlft with whom she associated and destiny or coronationabout a minute he accosted all her deep meditation for with But dwelt. she whom among an Englishman standing close by, rather weird fancies and aspirations, eno and abruptly with, 'Ye've nae richt tae that stane!' had inherited from the Pilerim 4Vhat do you mean, Sir?' replied the as those traits and attributes, Jhat v. : Englishman. must ever, lie at the foundation or whatever 13 tonished anV " that's yeVe nae I mean what I say, lofty in motive or purpose; honesty.integrity and richt tae tha,t stane, because it wis stolen frae a conscientiousness in all her thoughts! and native toon thundered forth our friend. feelings', that gave a 'moral tone and balance to my" My dear Sir, I cannot comprehend rethe ideal and spiritualistic and kept her within astonished Englishman. the bounds of reason even when as she grew plied the still more tell ye. in years, impulse uncontrolled would have led ; "'Weel, Sirif ye dinna ken, I'll, Ane o' your thievish' lungs, Ed wardr took. that her into a labyrinth ot. dimcuities. stane awa frae Scoon, an' ye've never haen as To he continued.' . muckle honesty about ye as tae return. it.'" He turned on his heel, and walked off, leaving his friend to solve the problem as best he ABBEY. WESTMINSTER : could. . It is in teresting to trace the various migrations of the famous stoney not to mentionthe Br'jrcriTTREBaEr apocryphal part of the story of its comirg from Dunstaffnage castle, near Oban (a fine ruin TUE .CORONATION CnAIRS. which we have eeen and elsewhere described), choice ancient relics. and In that to the time when th'e Scots were defeated by Thrse are the of the battered chair, two, have the Picts, who took it, to Scone, near Perth. larger been crowned most ot England a sovereigns. There.it remained until removed to WestThe famous seat was made for Edward I, by minster abbey by Edward III. Thus we see Edward the rainier. It is made ot wood, with the famous stone to have been an epitome of four lions carved at the base, and is decidedly the momentous events which moved the affairs crivincr evidence of hard disfigured, of history; fittingly expressing the conquest iisai; ' cj O 0 ij " I- her alone in the fields, but even the mischievous boys hehf her somehow in a sort of adoration and would bring her and Jongest-stemme- d the car!ieit;;v.iId-vioIet- s A -- ' -- rose-color-ed -- fore-father- fore-mothe- s rs ; . - -- . . ; . . and unity -- of Scotland - with 'England; Thef other chair, which is of far later date, is occu- consoitsLtas,iaadfi, at: the, timei pied a 5 would seem that insignihcant people m earlier times had the game propeasity-toUeelt-immor present. When tality in that manner used at .coronations ornamental ' covers are thrown over it The only time it wa3 ever removed from its present position was when Cromwell was installed lord Drotector. in WprL minster hall, thus making, the installation of that great man as prominent and distinguished as his career. Shakespeare refers to the chair in Henry VI. It is where Eleanor says to ber husband Humnhrev; "Methinks I sate i of majesty, ih the cathedral church of West- jiiiiiiici, aiiu in tuau vuttu ucro Jixngs and queens are crowned." . Queen Victoria sat in the same chair at her coronation. The coronations take place in the center of the chancel. Beneath the chair is the Stone of Scone, an object of420 less curiositythan the chair itself. It is not a stone of larcre dimensions: and traa sed in an cient times at the coronation - of thr Scottish kinirs. The stone has had' d; zi In. guished and various fortunes; there are many facts and legends connected with its' history. Legend says that the stone was Jacob's pillow at Bethel, and carried from thence to Eorxmf Gathdus, the Greek, icame z to Egypt and iiiaiiicu wuua, iiuu i, is pre&uiueu mat ne had something to do with the stone. He subse qucntly fled to Spain; Many years afterward, as Brek was fishing off Iceland, he pulled it up jsndiLffiaaeiLplaced:np6ii:tho sacred hill of Taroh. In 330 B. C. Ferirus bore thft Later- - ho J)unstaffuagestle,Btear-Oba- n. carried it to lona.- In the year 840 A. D. Kenneth II brought to Scone, near Perth. AH'the Scottish kings were crowned on it, until th8 time of Baloil. Edward I after defeating Baloil in 1296, was himself crowned on it. : He had it taken to London, and placed beneath the coronation chair, as we see it. The ; : the-ston- e -- by-.th- Of-- On the platform behind the.4 chairs, are Jlary II. i.r . ,i : . ... - the shield and sword of Edward III, carried before him in France; the latter 13 seven feet in length. Other monuments within the chapel, not previously referred to, aro those of Aimer de Valence, Earl Pembroke, Aveline, Countess of Lancaster, Edmund Crouchback, Earl of Lancaster, son ot Henry III. -- mjrxyw'mm'mMm 7; This is perhaps the most picturesaue aectios of the abbey. It dates from the. time of Richard II. To be continued. NOTES AND NEWS. Florence O h O iivu u AVbbOA t the Johnstown sufferers. "Universal Suffrafrft" n,uiot, c..,.- li3 the first proof and only basis of a genuine Nis-htinpalf- i -- - - The woman suffragists fi in the Washington Con ventinn Jn tJ, a of Judge Hoyt president, and- Dr. John R. Thompson, chaplain. .The daughter of the Chipf United btates is to entr a law nffl vuV uuu ciuu r lor the leerai nrofession. STia "hs met nAn: ated from college. - : -- - . . - . Mrs. Olinhant. ihn nAvolJof ;Q sAi-i,ufce; i jo old and a hard worker, with no desire for years . r iame coe Jives with her two children near Windsor castle. ' x O 