WOMAN'S Otillia?" "I wa3 in" Copenhagen, My father was killed in His .Majesty's service om man after tie war dem Mormon Tldpru came and my mother believe dem. Before, dis, 80 many dead bodies caused sickness and my eyes went almost blinds My mother in ner laiiu uaneu m ue jcauers anu my eyes were healed and in my thankfulness I .was baptized, with my sisters and my brother. I We had lived was not always &t Copenhagen, near de. palace of Prince Christian at n burg before he was King and ray mother mend de dresses of de little girls Alexandra and Dagmer, Many days and years we played and studied together; an dat Bag-ma- r was so sweet! when we run through de garden, and she tell us so much about dem mVtnrps of dead ladies and gentlemen 'till I know dem all. When de time came for dem to go and bo made fine ladies because trey .must live in de palace, at Copenhagen when King Frederick "die and bye and- - bye- - be married to some Princess, den I see dem no 'Miss -- did-ofte- -- -- " more to speak to dem, only once in a long while when dem lovely Princesses see us, dey know us and remember and smile. Yon see ray mother hajd something given her to7 do at When Conenhafren after dev was dere. Alexandra go away so happy to her English home. I sit me down and cry: 0, dem flags! anddem fine sights! but de English- - love her, Now you must not. laugh at me nor be surprised, but poor Dagmar, among dem Russian Nihilists, I pray for her every day I lives!" Tears were in Mi'sOtilliaVeyes and could I do less than say; "pray on . Otillia and may Heaven grant your prayers." vj 1 IUj UI lyauiai A fsuiui ATnK Kftlo th the iiopvuuvui t?,:,rt juui 111 comes to you the thought amid your regal splendors, the fulness of your joys or the tumult of your fears, that a playmate of your rompmlipra vnn with the dp.votion fllull, of subject to sovereign and trembling for your peace, prays for you in her lowly home in far off Utah. And i9 it not probable that these prayers have shielded her?. X'uere 111 US I iiiivo uccu uiuci jiicuus, iuu, whose loss you remember and miss?' For reply she took from her finger a ring and pointed to the inside and I read the names Waldemar and Otillia. She replaced it on her hnger and said: l,JN ow l will tell you. We had been Mormons awhile but did not talk of it outside de members, it was no use my mother said; so when this one so long ray friend came every week, we waited to see if he would hear and- believe. One evening as we walked together he told me he had heard about some Danes had been baptized into dis" strange church, and said dey was crazy fools and he wish de King would punish dem. He Wa3 in de King'3 service and looked so grand " - . and terrible! I knew dat night rmust never see him any more it must be "one or de other for me, not both, and I took de Gospel." "Did you not feel tried and alone, Miss Otillia?" "I was not de only one dat was tried; I could tell vou of many aching hearts and I had to f U W"- A - Al Tea like rain,' and manv others" crv too." "Whv J "J " Well now, Mrs. A of I o A r knew it Ava3 de truth and she could not deny it," and she knew when de grand people; 'find her out, she must be cast out from dem. ; Her .brother came with her and he was an officer. v Bye and bye de grand ladasks "'heir:' "I hear about your going., to a strange church?". 'Lady Amalia would , not say no, and de other one said: "If you go no more it is well, hut if ypu do you must leave me." so Bii?3 UtUlia:" - Den-she-loo- . to-Ut- 1 1 . V- -- A 1- she-would- -not " thy-quicken- ed ; Dec. 6, 1 889. Augusta Joyce Crocheron. . A THOUGHT. vOften in the evening, when the It is the coming of the Savior, Who is the God of light; And in the world's redemption, fcnr-arKi satanr must4akeflighlv- -- Christ is coming, can't you see him? Through the whirlwind, andJhe strife. Fast advancing in the form Of. an everlasting life. , Open then your hearts, For there I lis habitation And only there must be He is the God of" Love-- of ' Shrouded in Charity, r -- Hope When our lives are blessed with treasures, Such as love can only bring, And our homes are made resplendant, By the joy that reigns within; ; Then, oh then the soul's fulfillment, 1a In this earthly life is seen, - . ; And a glimpse cf heaven is shown us, In this shadowy world of sin. And is the world not corning To a richer, nobler plain? - . Lysle de Vaux. BIRTHDAY TO E. FROM i of Kindness--- . SISTER C. F. LU. As the golden days of October, Merged into November gray,-Fbackward I wander'd in fancy, Thro' long nijsty years away. Kind memory drew back the curtain. From many a fairy scene, "Gilding all with luminous glory, Fresh as the blossoms of spring. ar ThereT greet ed a new-bor- n '' in fan t,' As from the heavenly fold, Assured that it must have come earth-war- d : Fom trut thexity of goldr 01), what joy a little child brought us! Wonderful love and delight, I live it all o'er in the gloaming, On this chill November ni.ht;" . The glad smiling Welcomes and grouting! As gleams from Paradise shed, Shine brightly in memory's keeping, From out the years that have fled. The sweet infant smilessoft caresses The touch of a tiny hand, The old and the young in their places, Complete the dear household band. . Safe 'mong leaves of November Are pictures sombre and bright, . ' Leng stored in memory's chamber, Where frosts of time cannot blight, By love's clear magical lantern, Shining down the muffled years, Thro' life "till its golden autumn, Come fresh views of smiles and tears. - on this anniversary A day made famous of old We send thee greetings most tender With love that nver grows cold. We ask that long life be given, If God in wisdom sees best. And choicest blessings of heaven, To make it supremely blest. ' To-nig- ht Retrospection on thy pathway: Beam with' a halo sublime, t Kind hands strew flowers about thee To solace days of decline; In firm faith rejoicing ever, " . " 'Til life's wintry days are gone, Then; in the bright land of summer, A wake in glory of dawn, A'chison, Nov. 5th, 1839. ; , ;- 'V. darkness cometh on, And the shadows fall around, us, Bringing sadness, quiet, calm; Do we think of those dear loved ones, Who to us are life and hppe, "Do we raise our hearts in gladness And a blessing then invoke? -- Are not the crumbs of knowledge Going to count us in the main? " O yes we are advancing", Through the mist and through the dark. There is an age now dawning ' Which must satisfy the heart. , ah . -- 1 so terrible dat Lady Amalia ks almost faint away but denext moment she. held out her hands and asked: " Will you let me tell you, someting? but listen, so she told her brother and the same had been said to him; so dey take dere fine tins and sell dem and she teach music awhile and ho teach language till dey come away to America.- - Now; when dat Lady Amalia came she was soon married to one of dem, Elders and where do you tink-sh- o went to live?" "I can't imagine Miss Otillia, do tell me?" "Away up north of Salt Lake City and into a log house she spend her first Christmas! and her brother said: "Let us have a big fire for I cut and hauled dese logs myself," and he wa3 so proud as if he was right in de palace at Copenhagen!" Miss Otillia laughed so heartily at this that I could not help joining and loving her more than ever, for her artless happiness. Two years ago this Christmas, Mis3 Otillia sent me by the hand of a friend, a little token of remembrance; a card with her name and silver doves in flight across the upper margin. Weeks passed by during which I was planning to leave home and go see her. - One day there came the dreadful word to me that she had been sick for several weeks and had died almost alone, attended only by her widowed sister. For days, that heavy cloud ofsorxow; that vain remorse for slighting the promptings of the f still small voice; and Vseeing not::that flight of the spirit which the little doves foretold. And it seemed that before me rose a pure white shaft, plain as her life among us had been; revealing not the words that floated before me night and day. Here a lie3 one who ' was the playmate of Alexandra, of Dagmar and of Thyra, whose footsteps turned from palace halls to follow the summons of the Gospel's sound, to toil and dwell in humility yet remembering ever in her prayers the crowned and noble friends of her childhood. Rest Otillia, thy weary body here,-b-ut spirit there may still spread the plea and guardian ship of prayer round thy beloved Dagmar. May'st thou walk in fairer palaces than those of earth, till thou shalt meet that one, whose name thy failing breath revealed greet thee with a bridegroom's kiss. AfHUo thought I: if I ever hear anybody speak slightingly of you as an old maid I'll see about it. "One night dere came into our. meeting & lady and we were so surprised we all knew who she was de Lady Amalia, (a maid of honor 1 tink you call it) to a grander lady. She had heard from her brother about an angel had come in this de plan of salvation for herself. O, when she ' hear'it and must 1 It . aown '.' ae room ner aress just iimKe a waiK noise so,beautifuI; and dem diamonds in her ears; welFhow it did look strange in dat little meeting because so many poor were der. But dat lady wa3 not proud, it was just like she dressed all de time and when she heard de Elder preach dc tears run down her cheeks 107 PON-ENT- -EX-- , ' J Gun powder Flotm London, Eng.. A Volume of Poems b Bishop O. F. Whitney is being published at the Office of the. Juvenile Instructor. It is expected it will be ready for "sale at Christmas time. -- ; 