0 of the Women of The Rights and the Rights of the Women of jill Nations. Zio?it A. ; CONTENTS. iACttmasSlory.---August- a loyce Crocheron. Old' Age. Mary Corby. Emma A Thanksgiving Story. A. W. C. An Open Letter to my Friends: Zina'Y. Card. Schools of Music. Tne Mouse in the Pantry. A Voice from Mesa City. Sarah. Qtiiijq-- r When our Savior oped the way ; For renewal of delight -In" the landaltpufe and bright Now comes Christmas Eve, with sweet stories of Christ. . The ever new records of love VrniilrTrverynAi And light to long prove. And then the goodnights and the eager behest l "And dear mamma,' please dun't forget ' To call us so early we'll be ready dressed" ; Mamma said "I wiU not, my pet. after-yea- Blessings, blessings! of kindred never rend, 7 Love and gladness without end.' rs Ts -- Editorial Holiday Thoughts. Notes. The Fairy Mother. Lucy Webb Hayes Association. Poetry: The Best Christmas. A Thought. Lysle De Vaux. Birthday To E. ve. Christmas C. F. From Sister Lu.r to Augusta Joyce Crocheron. A Hundred Years Lu-Dalt- . " . - "God blts yon dear children," they murmured.while tears Of tenderness brightened their eyes, "How time has rolled backward the scroll of the years ' To give us this happy surprise!" And while the fair circle of joyeaming :": ' Cold and clear ...The morn JjZJ...,.. is here, The gates of the east aflame Herald the car From depths afar Of day; and with glad acclaim We greet the dawn . Which thus comes on . To bring to the waiting earth Remembrance sweet Of angel feet f And love's divinest birth. on. Those nearest the floor most within Keep eager lookout as each parcel unties, The voices make musical din.' j . -- Come. THE, BEST CHRISTMAS. ... "Mamma and Papa, oh, do wake us!" they cried "And let us "go" "with you, do, please!' ' And the dear eyes, with eagerness wide, to Please;" Gave emphasis double And the cunning wee diplomats offered a bribe Of kisses and hugs from store, inscribed Enveloped in promises, duly And sealed, to be good evermore. . "Oh, Grandpa," cries Frankic, I'm one Santa Claus, I put in that splendid new drum;" I gave" you that candy, those nuts, and those toys," Cried each little "Hop o my Thumb." And Grandma had dollies and vases, and mugs," And sweetmeats, and ribbons, and lace; Her little ones spiced them with kisses and hugs 'Til tears ran like rain down her face. These infant detectives had fairly surprised A wondrous intrigue in the house Their elders were thinking they had not surmised; V hich was of this pleading the cause. The darling old grandparents over the way, So loving, and patient and sweet, 'Hatf "given mth'"fclessings bn'each'Ch'ris'tmas Day The annual note to theise parents in hand Invited by name every one, ne in the band; And mentioned the lady;-sThat even a name she had none, As 'the lovely young baby who lately has come' Will be pleased'' and so forth here a smile-- To meet cousins uncles and aunts at our home" The shouts of the children grew wild. - - ' - ising:cveryth And Fanny was asked to "Please holdmy- - new doll," And Katie "my necklace" to wear " Jusi while Were busy with "helping" the pair. The search in the stockings again they pursued, ' And still drew out heaps of fine things A new shawl for Grandma, a tippet and hood, " "A Tovely "g v -- "Oh thus Santa Claus laid command on your sons, Year daughters and little ones here, To give in his name these small hose to the ones Who've honored him many a year. Beloved of Santa, arise and explore - The depths of these stockings we bring; To quicken your fingers a pulse or two more,, - Your children around you will sing: Blessings!. . Blessings softly rest On the dear ones we love best, Grateful thanks to heaven we give That our parents dear still live. . - Blessings, blessings! "Choicest blessings ever fall , At last all withdrew to the kitchen and hall. To spread a long table, sufficient for all, And breakfast in order prepare. Then Father and Mother, (now dressed with nicexCare,) ; T t to the table in state, Where all in sweet reverence knelt down in prayer, Each onejibefore hisown plate. " We're-brough- The breakfast was simple (the feast was to come,) --Toast and butter, oatmeal and rich milk, In fact just enough to be plenty, and none -: To make the dear little ones sick. When the housewas jn order Jfrom garret to shed. The sleiglis were brought round to the door, To Uke some on visits with dainties and bread As gifts to the sick and the poor. ' Blessings! Blessings for the care Lavished on our childhood fair; Blessings for the toil ''and pain- - t ; We can ne'er requite again, " Blessings, blessings! Blessed be your latter days, "Filled with comfort, peace and praise. Blessings! Blessings on the-da-y- - The children grew solemn at some things they saw, And sympathy sprang in each heart; And gladly for those who htd need would they draw The baskets and leave them a part. No preaching nor teaching but this little gem Pray your children one and all. - - For Grandpa warm gloves and a charming fur cap, A muffler, a coat and a cane, For both a large Bible to close with a snap, . And an Album of verses and names. The daughters and sons who stood lovingly by," All beaming with pride and delight, The old folks said, wiping a tear from each eye, JThemselvesere the joy of their sight 1 Now who could resist coaxing sweetened with kiss? Especially, be it well known. That from the beginning the parents meant this: r To leave not one urchin at home. But who in the market their wares give away. Which readily sell for a price? So the children succeeded in having their way m c "Dear Father, dear Mother, Merry Christmas!" they cry And smother with kisses each face, Lift up to the pillows each wee .girl and boy , " with sweet To lisp the i. grace.. greeting Then lift two huge stockings, two cubits in lengthy , Upon the white dimity spread, some Near bursting with fulness, requiring strength, To lift them as high as the bed. . "Papa and Mamma, do waken us, please! We'll be just as quiet as rnice! Oh let us go with you to Grandma's, oh please! ' r so nice Fomothing--as-ev- e No, not Santa Claus with his reindeer and sleigh, Nor dollies, fire crackers and toys; ; . with be we'll us let every If you'll day, you, go Your very best girls and boys. . ; For far away This blessed day, Our Holy One was born."; Our kindred ties He glorifies; We. honor them more and more, And thus we throng, With love and song, Around our parent's door. JJleX opeaaji denier. yij:h4Jessiagslhe,doojt:: And hasten to Grandmamma's- - room; The candles they carry their radiance pour, To banish the lingering gloom. , o They chattered of turkey, plum pudding and pie, -: Dear Grandma presiding in state, Of aunties and uncles, and cousinsJL'so high, And just can peep over the plate." Of Grandpapa's blessing which "was rather long, Though Grandpapa meant well enough , Of uncle Will's " "monica," aunt Rena's song. And jolly old Blind Man's Buff. B ut . papa and mamma had but little- - to say At least when the children were by But talked in a low ridiculous .way, - And ceased whenTherchiIdrehndre"nigh"" The urchins resented such underhand work, Resolving the secret to win; And win It they did by cunning and quirk, And this was the cause of their din. v ' She said "O my darlings these beautiful things . Are dear td rny heart as can le; But grandma must never be stingy, so comej Andjaste all these goodies with, me, And Grandpa said "Frankie, my brave little man, r I've forgotten, you see, how to drum; ever So take, my' two- drumsticks quick's you can And play me a good Christmas tune." Onthis happyChristmaSfmoin, Uncle Will's sweet harmonica quavered and trilled Like twittering birds in the spring, While children and parents the frosty air filled With melody sweet as they sing v '" Their troop of grandchildren a treat. By-pro- Rejoice! Be glad! Let none be sad ht 1 . : dew-brig- - - Editorial: -- No. 14. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, DECEMBER 15, 1889 , vSl is. - of my little ones, doing to them, Ye also have done it to Me.---rr-- 'To the least Less noisily glad but more happy, they come To Grandpa's dear threshold again, Where stories and picjuresjcejpusjr Till dinner was ready; and then 