WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 00 to Nauvooj is that the place you talk so much Judges etc , had said, that onlyinthel places Ifact made it harder still iorMisilR. to endure away from the centres of wealth and culture the final separation. "Now Hettie, she is not thinking of that, 'How blind you must be to your own incould such foolish doctrines flourish and fin'i terest and future welfare," said Miss Fay the but of the new. truths she has found, and she followers; or such uncouth' and unlearned men, first .time fhe raet her after hearing the news, rejoices as'wejill do in meeting together to sine bo able to obtain an audience. But here were " --- '.'td'u a: lover -l- ike Hen ry and - u n i te and pray; marrying is out oi the! facts published In - the papers," that "Yes here perhaps, because sh'e has let the Boston, sermons' were preached, disyourself 'with a people so unpopular as the -cussions held, and a branch of the Church built Mormons! I am utterly astonished, why when time "go by, she is out of date, but in the West Aunt Rachel told me you had been baptized, I J. Iiavo licaru eveu uiu iuoiuj uuu uusuauug, up, and families had gone West to the Latter-du7Ann. The nartimilar village,, and adiacent sat down and cried like a child, we were such but I'm more interested at present in these t . 0 j ones with which the story jwe are relating is friends you kuow,as well as being first cousins; young men just from college, I have heard the and even your mother does n't approve of it, eldest eon is very handsome, dark complexion, .. directly connected, were about sixty and sixty a crnnR firrnrp finAPivs:nnd nuifo rtnlislipil in five miles from Bostonra'nd Boston ideas were "nor "grandma" eitherrand arfor ray mother, : ' iL.i I. . i a sort of understood jauthority on all great your own. Aunt .too, she is horrified." M3Imanner?.sncLyQU. eaycJousui inai neuaa Airthirih"one breathTas itlveTeoeforeMiss been baptized by a Mormon Elder, I can que3tious73r" The preaching of the Everlasting Gospel as R. could possibly reply but shesummoned courscarcely believe my senses." it was called by the newT. converts, wa3 success-fullage. to ay.a3 soon as her cousin stopped speak""Cousm you need not trouble yourself about and local' Elders, promulgated by the ing. his beautv or his manners, while vou . have break "You know very well that I did-n- ot amoncr these were the two vouncr men fresh Thev used such excellent from college. the ebgagemenf, moreover that I love Henry as less married and ' single." lancuace. and were so earnest and eloauent in truly as you love Ralph and expected to be his. 'Cousin Lucy!" cried Miss Fay excitedly, wife some day; but he would not countenance speaking and charming in manner, that many "if you can secure Mr. W. I'll forgive you for young people were attracted to the meetings my association with Mormons even, and when breaking off with Henry, and you can if you and became numbered among the little band ot he knew 1 had joined the Church of Latter-dawill for. you are more than his equal in every - - Saints Sain ts,4ie was fu rious, and al though I entreated respect, and what a handsome couple you would Among this number was oneof the young him to listen to my explanations on the subbe, and how. all the girls would envy you. " in M. h so we who and school had he would at attended the have not, parted gh girls ject, "Cousin dear," said Lucy Reynolds solemnly, and was algo.oned' the "Club" of seven. She anger after all our vows of eternal constancy "I have no heart "for joking1. Every time I was four years older than Hepsie and quite to each other; I never expect to see him again," think of Henry, my courage almost fails me, capable of appreciating the truths the Eldera mournfully replied Miss Reynolds. -and you must not talk to me of marriage, with Then it will be your own fault, for he will be taught, bhe too had been brought up in the Congregational Church but like Hepsie had willing to make up, its only a love quarrel, if to the interests of the Church, and I hope to see never been convinced that a chancre of heart you'll renounce your foolish notions about this my mother and grandmother converted to the was necessary;" to her the simple methods of new religion, and be sensible I'll manage Rftm ft faith that T havft psnnnsftH. .And vniimu iaitb, repentance and baptism etc, were much Henry with Ralph's help;' said Miss Fay,"" dear cousin whom I have always so fondly - ami nut? iiiiuriiir-i- i i it'NM ii wn don't, Want you to do any thing of the lut jj j Ms f VU , J tions and cave up the hopes she had enter sort, if he could be so cruel as he has ..proved entreat J i J come and hear the preaching you'to tained of distinguishing herself in the world of himself, now, what might not happen. during and- - you too will be convinced these Elders of I congratulate myself that we oHhe letters, lor she fully realized the sacrifice she a long grand truths they proclaims promise me was making. But there was one sentiment she were not already married, the struggle then will come." had cherished that was not easily eradicated. would have been a much greater one, but one you She was in love, the young man to whom she thing I must ' have back again from Henry Ralph would be more offended than Henry was engaged, was studying lor a profession, she and that is my letters, anoVthe notes I have and i? wprfl T tn pnnsAnt. .t.A drx tn a mpef. was proud ot his attainments, audishe jioped written him long ago you know, they must not" . . t incr. to convince mm oi tne truth she had received, fall into any one else's hands," said Miss R. And so the two cousins separated for a time, And that eventually, if not immediately, he might "Do you wish me to ask for them, or shall one and indifferent to religion, go with her to the rar , West, and that her Ralph tell him to return them?" said her the other with a hope buoyant in her soul that dream of happiness which had been so- fondly God would over-rulall things for good to cherished might be realized. It had been a 'I think I will wait awhile," said Miss R. thosewho trust Him; and yet sad when she reletters had also been inter "he may send them to me, ha has gone home genuine called the separation from her lover, her .."-changed for they dwelt in different places and now to A. and he will talk everything over affianced husband. the engagement had been announceoVto friends with his sister who wa3 aware of our engage and kindred. ment, and she never liked it very Well, I Like many older and wiser' than this young Hepsie Hathaway was a great favorite offancy. hers, girl, she had fancied in her enthusiasm that her and she.would have been very proud of Hepsie; Beecher Said. "I pity those women would see as did the when he heard whose staff is their needle; for when they lean the. I have no doubt she could manage this affair ajjiance sound of the true Gospel. But alas! she was oi mine, getting my letters back you know, upon it, it pierces not their side, but their heart. doomed to disappointment. She sent for him The devil's broad sword, in this world, has she was always diplomatic, liked to manage to come to the village for he lived miles away other girls' love affairs, and never had any of often been the needle with which a woman in another town, and he attended several meether own, she's far too young yet to be seriouslv sews to earn her daily bread- - I think the could but he see not Miss as R ing, in love but we shall see in time," said Miss needle has slain more than the sword of war." things did, br was too proud to give up his ambition "Any feeling that takes a man away from home or the place he hoped to win among men of is cousin the a traitor to the household." "The mother's Lucv. that reminds me of bye 'By rank. This was a sad blow to the young girl, having been told that Mrs. "If a manirt Hathaway had been heart is the child's and evefi her mother and grandmother felt shel baptized by a Mormon. .Elder, 1J nrliniia-i- n eAmotw lio n no .TrAll is that true? had been too ready to make a sacrifice which Hepsie is still away at school isn't she?" said prison. The worst' prisons are hot of stone, was likely to involve so much. Miss Fav. they are oi throbbing hearts utraged by an inYet this young girl with every prospect of a and "Yes, she is, .. , making rapid progress in famous life." happy, marriage, and her heart overflowing her studies, but her mother has sent for her to with love for the object of her affections, was come home to hear the Mormon Elders ' preach, still true to her integrity in the midst of this who are In Binghamton, N. Y., at the County Court expected here from Boston now in a severe trial, and bore up bravely; very few few days; and it is also true that Mrs. H. has and Court of Sessions, held Oct. 23, the ever knew what it cost her to put aside Love's been baptized; the ceremony was performed for following cases on motion were ordered to be fond dream, and take up the cross, for she alus both on the same dav. the same Elder dismissed: The people vs. Emily Brooks, of ready knew that henceforth she must stand officiating, Mr3. H.'s two youngest girte were firm and steadfastrand alone, for she felt then also baptized, my cousin Clarissa and the two election laws of the State of New York; the that none other could ever be to her a com- sons ofMr. W. who left college and came home vw AIUUUO, lUUiWU JU1 LSAir panion for life, so little we see of the future, n . wnen ineyDearaaheir. mother had bepn heeA :n r.- -- mt-; voies. xnese are tne cases, n when our hearts are pained with sorrow, when cuoug niegai by the power of God through the administra- - will be remembered, of the women who voted uur gum is uciug meu m me iurnace. uons oi tne Aiders,', said Lucy. at Kattelville, several yeare ago. They were Mis3 Reynolds was Hiss Fay's cousin, the vu ; who i.iiso vyiariasa me oiu maidr indicted, and the indictments are now all set j ujtau, she had looked with disdain almost upon girl "I certainly is not verv old pit W " aside. do, Mr. .Brooks advised the - voting, Hepsie when she asserted herself so on the subreplied her cousin rather doubtfully. V believinsr it to be leal under the existinsr Jaws ject of love. She had a great deal to say to, Qt very: oldl why she-wold maid and constitution of New York. an District her cousin about the malteTwlielheSw Ther' when we were children cousin mine: but she'll class attorneys are not anxious to brin this after the engagement was broken off, and this get married out West no ' doubt, when she goes of cases into the courts. " - iue-que8iion- vr d v -- -- -- "' 1 " ,1 . y " : - V . mf - y " - -- -- ar 1. t - m m:i m 1 1 1 if life-tim- XJL1 V e, -- - .... - ; : cousin-inquiringl- light-hearte- y. d - e love-affai- r; m " - T t , r school-room.- " " n -' 1 as i r -- n-- .Tr rr-- . 