WOMAN'S EXPONENT, 92 TIT VV T,T,, r r()l rJ . MA N S EMMELISR X L. WELLS, .. . . . . t .t write ana nejp maiw; uic paper a repository or the best literary productions, of the times, and bear in mind that this work is. educational, and also that it is better to represent'yours'elf than to be represented by others. The newspapers of the United States have much to say concerning "Mojmon women," and it is certainly a duty to speak in their own defence, in the pages of their own paperand tell their own story in their own - "v " way. I Editor. in Salt Lake City, Utal Terms: Published one one ne 51.00; copy six montlis, fefrcta. No year, copy t" eduction roado for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, xtra for postage one year, 25 eta. Advertising rates; Each square, ten lines of nonpareil ipace, one time, $2.50; per month, 3.00. A liberal discount 0 regular advertisers. semt-montbl- 1 1 not be behind in anything that will iospire them with sublime courage,and that is nesessary m any wu, place wnere mere 13 a coiucai be should no election spared this coming pains to efforts ",raade "honorable.' and honest' all but secure the people in their maintenance of political freedom. EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. - . ' " . The present number of the Exponent closes EDITORIAL NOTES.. gate cait of Deserct News Office. - Busuie-s- hour fron 13 a.m. .JbehaLLvolurae, and we must. remind the. agents to 7 p.m. eVtry and subscribers that some have only paid fifty Address all business communications "to cents on volume, 18 and that the six months has In Dr. Barney's article published in our last PUBLISIIEIt WOMAN'S EXPONENT, now expired and we hope all these will continue issue, where she spoke of oil and alkali, it is Salt Lakb City Utah. their patronage and also that others will come changed in error to alcohol, it should be alkali. Entered at the. Post Office in Salt lake Oily , Utah; as forward and help by their subscriptions in sus All readers of the Exponent should carefully Second Clast Master. taining the woman's paper. It is the only paper peruse the address entitled Women as Reformers, published in Utah at a dollar a year, and it has .1 -AA ,. tk if T T November 15, 1889. Jpr.over seventeen years been the offidalorgan-o- f Salt Lake City, Meeting in Provo, and Reasons Why, by Mrs. the women of Zion.V The Exponent has al- in Phebe C. Young they are worth being ays puBirshed reports of women's organizations, THE PEOPLE'S PARTY. the Suffrage meetings throughout the Territory. and meetings as many as the space would admit The meetings of the People's Party Clubs are of, not only theRelief Society but the Young The Conference of the Relief Society of the oaii JLa&e oiaice win uc uciu iu mc 14m wiiu creating quite a stir in the community, and will it Ladies' Associations' and Primary Associations; the printed matter has by this means kept the. is to be hoped arouse the inactive and indifferent ' to come forward and do their part whenjhere Js sisters in all parts ofth'eTerrltoryand in all the ber 19th meetings commencing at 10, a. m. and in to what was so much at stake. The speeches made at these Stakes of Zion posted regard 2, p. m. as usual. A representation from each in in these associatious, a sort of branch of the Relief Society is earnestly desired, transpiring meetings have many of them been genuinely elobe so a that there might uniformity and it is sincerely hoped there will be a large quent and magnetic not stale old political bom- - general way. in of in the and methods the work, general results bast, but really original. : ' e r J... uu J" I to be reached. J The music of the bands adds much to the enui uuiy wie, union auu-- a iatttiiui-uistiidiThe Exponent has always given information I thusiasm, for what American citizen does not feel seems each" indivlduarmember 0f imperapart on the suffrage question, and hasaimed to keep patriotic sentiments aroused when he hears martial inhnn anri nlhpr hrt hrrn. cxre mnst n' music" with the fife and drum. It brings fresh to pace with the cause as it advanced in various . cordially invited to attend the Conference as States and of United mind the history of the country and the many the Great Britain, parts also all interested in" this benevolent organi- time women when the incidents the of Utah voted recorded of heroic courage and During thrilling iduuu, and when bills in the special interest of women for the nation of which all loyal victory's gained "were pending before the Legislature, the Expopeople and especially descendants of RevolutionA GENEROUS GIFT. nent was always ready to advocate and maintain ary sires and mothers are so justly proud. The riding clubs are going to make a grand the woman's side of all vexed questions. BioThe Directors of the Peseret Hospifl-desirdisplay, the People's Party will not need to be graphical sketches of many of the leading women ashamed of the' Utah Mountain boys on horseof the Church are to be found in its columns. to make acknowledgment though the press of the back, nor of the marching clubs either, for the they were carefully written from the testimony of. gift from the Church, of - the proceeds of the Gilmore Festival, held in the Tabernacle in this young men born and reared here in these moun-tai- n the women themselves.and in one or two instances the fastnesses partake of the strengthand by the person herself. These are records of the city recently. After the expenses were paid, five grandeur of the "everlasting" hills." Jives, or of incidents in the lives of some of the Hospital received the balance, amounting to The spirit of the pioneers too is implanted in most eminent and heroic women, who have lived hundred dollars. This sum includes a handsome in their souls, the desire to be free frorn this 'dispensation. There are rany more donation from the General Tithing. Office, Salt: oppression, and maintain lhe liberty guaranteed bv til f f n r! i sketches and histories to be written, and the Lake Tribune, Salt Lake Herald, Deserei -mental principles of the government of our comof this columns Newr and Bishioj) H. B. Clawson. : z ; paper are ever open to publish such mon country. sketches and incidents.and also the best thoughts,-- ' To each and all of those who so freely The women of the. people feel these' and opinions of the women of the sentiments to this worthy and c baritable institution, patriotic sentiments in Church , glowing within, their souls as much as, prose hereby -- tender sincere-thank- s, -- men dndiirenasffead and express their appreciation in behalf jectsariiccepted and it has been the desire of whatever way is open and practicable for them. those connected with the paper from the first, to of the sick and afflicted, of such deeds of kindThe women are admitted as members of the encourage young women and those in years to exness. rr7trirrp:r7, clubs, and although they have no vote, they have their E. B. Wells. Treasurer, thoughts, experiences and testimonies press a voice, and should be able through their Deseret Hospital Association. . powers for the benefit of others and to leave them upon of persuasion to exert a d record. influence in Salt Lake City, Nov. 9, 1889. advising and encouraging and. inspiring their jSince-thorganization of Suffrage husbands, fathersTTsrothers ard sons- Association in Utah, notices of every- - mass IN MEMORIAM. Women mounted no horseback Innk vrv meeting and convention have been published and' beautiful and would" certainly, add much to the many speeches and minutes of meetings as well; "Of ?lA the thoughts of God that are magnificence of display and give a particular' zest It is certainly .in the strict sense of the word a. Borne inward unto souls afar, to the enjoyment of the exercises. It seems to woman's paper, and it is most derepresentative Along the Psalmists music deep, us io be a very proper thing, and there is sirable that every President of a Relief Society nothing Now tell me, if that any is ; r should have a For gift or grace surpassing this copyid as 'many others as can, handsome horse with gallant young men beside because it gives .them the idea of their own Hegiveth His beloved sleep!' them. work and that of others; besides general inOn Tuesday morni ug October 22, at 6. 10, a. m. Gen. Joseph Smith when out on parade as formation. If the President of the Relief Mrs Sarah Dunford beloved wife of Elder George Society many of the people . will remember always had has not the means to pay for it, then the Society .iPunfdrdv'of v'thts city, departed thijs life at the some of the ladies among the cavalry and herp - shhuld . i nf, Uc rr.iv nut u "Tri,;;,, wv i UJ ,iui-aii least one in the the vallev it will h - rrAlfof,i j family residence in the seventeenth ward; her 'vxin.vitu ii was a paper, to be read from at meetings and circulated children were around her bedside and so peaceful regular custom of the officers, when out for drill the members. Agents for the among to have an escort of ladies on horseback. was: her falling asleep' that they were scarcely Fine will use their utmost influence for the Exponent extension horses and accoutrements, banners and conscious it was death. Indeed the feeling of the flags and of the ciVcutioa order that the paper martial music make a wonderful presence of the gfira monster at whom all stand be issued at one dollar to per year. The difference, and relieve the monotony of appaiitd as not in the house. She literally fell sisters will bear in mind that the regular is Exponent is asleep according to the promise made to the drilling. It a desirable accomplishment to be a not supported by advertising but by rider and the exercise is one of the Latter-da- y good regular Saints that theyjshould not taste of most To all those who have written Lrthe death. paper in past years we would ,say, continue to The disease that preyed upon Sister Dunford . . a . , 1 " -- . re-re- ad - - ' " r ' 1 -- gc - -- - 1 1 : con-tribute- d" oHnvejs thjoard-0f-in:anagemen- t wide-sprea- e the-Wom- an's ,. ; 1 i , , soul-thrillin- g, may-continu- sub-scriptio- -- ns. 