r unto ou P00r men whose hearts are not .brjolcen; whose spirits are not contrite, and whose bellies are not satisfied, and whose hands are Hot stayed from laying hold upon other men's goods, whose eyes are full of greediness, who will not labor with your own hands! "But blessed are the poor who are pure in heart whose, hearts are broken, and whose spirits are contrite, for they shall see the kingdom ,of God, cominer in power ami jrreat glory unto their deliver- shall-b- ancefor-the-latnessof-thearth ZZTFoCberioId tie Lord e thefr-s- s'Hall come," arid H is re- and lie shall je- - compense shall be fward every man, and the porthairrejofc'e" And their generations shall inherit the" earth from Feneration la generation, for ever and ever." And now I make an end of speaking unto you. witb-Ili- m, JUVCU . - A ,' j- iWilCil. 5U, Helen - ' . M. -f- Whitney. - WASATCH AND UTAH. ; On Wednesday morning, May 15, Presiden Zina D. JLlYoung, and Sister Lucy B. Young left, this city by the morning train, to attend the conference of theReliefSociety-o- f Wasatch S take at HeeCity. zThey went by way of Pleasant Grove and across to Charleston where they arrived the same evening. Next morning, Thursday, 1 6, drove to Heber City, accompanied by the Bishop, and others from Charleston, including Sister Emma Brown, who presided at the. -- HatchrBisbops and other "brethren were present; and much to their surprise and pleasure, Mrs..Wnimirth East a dear.. and .... old briferjice-P-rside- 1 .1 nt - - ! iricnu anu acnua niance. wno is now frenncnt nr tile Relief Society of St. Joseph Stake of Arizona. There was a good feeling and spirit, and sisters Zina and Lucy Young enjoyed themselves very 4w " viu nauiity "titUUicU wjci the by people. The following day the Primary Association had their Stake conference in the forenoon, and the Young; Ladies1 inithe afternoon; Saturday, thei8,: the sisters went to Wallsburg and met witrTthe Relief Society;, then. baclc to Charleston and held another meeting, returning across the valley to a. remained a day or t jovo, wnere oisier r two. Monday morning Sister Mary John, President of the Relief Society of Utah Stake-,- with her counse'or Sister MarillaM. Daniels, accompanied by President Zina D. 1 1. Young, started for P leanjToyarly,andJi eldmeeti ng w i th- -t he- Relief Society at 10 a.m., then went on to American Fork and met, with the ttplipf .qu,,TrrKr afternoon, and under the auspices of the Young People in the evening. In the morning, May',21, Bishop George Halladay and a company of American Fork folks, four carriage loads, drove to Alpine, where a meeting was held with the Relief Society, and back to Lehi, the same even mg, uiecimg m me Keitet bocietv Hall. The next morning, Wednesday, May. 22, the party went over to Ledar and met with" the Relief 1 .T l-u- I ' or three pleading you to say '"'ye" when two voices unite, in asking if they may go outside to play, just a little while. Wdl Say ''yes" but add, "I will go with you a. nice-littlwalk, and my darlings, we will have ihen rnmp home and L'O to bed." "Oh! I'm too tired for that," you think. But,' think again. It will cost you less time; and strength and anxiety, to go with them .Jfora stroll, than eUher tn hunt them' id and fret them all in o getthem again, if they go out withoutyou;-ortquieted and oil to bed, without a lewjmomems recreation. in the. fresh, opeiL.airmcheirJnts- are set on H, ana ineir naiuies requue u. Hn nut with thpm!- it will do vou more e'ood - than Jyingoathe sola, and wondering what will occur to make "Willie" think of.how late'it is growing,' and that he ought to come in. Nearly every home has its (tWillie," does it hot? And "Willie" of; course, is the "Wild Lamb" of the Saints do not rear "Black flock.: (The "Latter-da- y Sheep" in their precious human folds.)7 Have 1 convinced you that you had better leave work, rest, and even the half hour's reading you have been anticipating all day, and go with your children and help them. to enjoyjjhemsjeljesand If I have, now listen to the sweet ""Be'good? music of the glad, young voices, cheering and extolling your kindness and wisdom. You are more than paid already, for a.ny seemingsacrific.e you may have made for their sake. There is nothing like entering into the child-Jen- 's sports jyith.the.m, to make themieel that they "have your sympathies, no other - wav of cohtroling them so entirely by force of love. I know some children who have their ''Play at once a week. Evening" home, .regularly This so wants which would otherwise many supplies be sadly felt. Always when occasion will per- mit, lhe mother is with them during the entire evening. If circumstances unavoidably occur, to occupy the mother's time in some other way, the verdict of the children is, We haven't had a bit of a nice time, because you were not with us." Oh! mothers. He with your little ones all you can, while you may. It will pay you better than any other business you can possibly engage in. e . - . -- 41 LULA. cy -- In answer to a call made by a .few of the most inflnential women of Juab County, for a meeting: to be held, a larsre numbpr nfitWona both ladies and eentlemen. assemhlprl fv iha ' .r tabernacle, JNephi, at 2 p;rn,, March 111889 to organize a ounrage Association. Miss L. A." Schofield nominated Mr?. M. Pitch forth to act? as chairman. Seconded by several ladies, after which the motion was put and carried! On motion of Mrs. A. L. RiVler M r 1? Secretary oHhe to-da- y, 1 . -- character-oftheir-childrenA-T- he 1 n ' 1 . cs." "fyiug-eflecfc- . , -- . . 13-bas- ed - 14-au- dl - - . y W. S. A. IN JUAB COUNTY. Jeasdale-wa3-nommate- d Woman Suffrage' Association.' Head" by ' sections and adopted separately.. " After the' organization" was effected, Mr. F. W; Chappell addressed the assembly. '.He.' said: 'You have been called together to organize a Suffrage Associajion. The sub- of vital importance, ject under discussion, is. one Elective Franchise. to be entrusted with the The ladies of America haye more to do than "anyone else, with the shaping and moulding ladies of the 1. l, nnn mot ronnool !i . ' fI n11 tnem. it women voiea itwouiu Inave a pun rLadies "havo "the upon-Politiinterest ot the Country, at heart, and I do not think they would sell their votes for gold as menlioTHo w coulcTlTlady teach her children Republican principles and form of government, unless she had a practical experience?. We have more to fear from the ignorant votes of our citizens, than 'from she muskets of pur ':. enemias." Mr. W. H. Jones said he had listened attentively to the Constitution and By:Laws. "The acquiring of Civil and rolitical government, on the nome, and who has more to do with home than woman. Men and women should go hand in hand, and cause no conflict. When a cjerreat movement is agitated it is alwavs 0 j .opposed."Quoted Longfellow to illustrate . :a ..1. ir mau J3 uou wiLiiouL-iu- o il. woman iiis lueaa. nor woman without the man." Quoted from the Constitution of the United States, the 13 o ammendmentS and explained their ' meaning.; uThe women of Utah had the Franchise atone time, and they did not abuse it. Woman had an insisrht into the character of man, and she would not vote for a man un- less.ne had agood character. No man who is not a good husband and father, has a rieht to - a position of honor." Mr. J. W. Taxman said "there is nothing objectional in the platform adopted. Women should have an interest in this movement. They- - have mv sympathy, and I will aid and encourage them all in my power. It is no greater nonor to go torth to nghtlor our rights than" to stand up bravely in defense of them." Miss L. A. Schofield said: "every lady should feel it - her .dutv - to -- make an effort to obtaiu the Franchise. Many do not undtir- stana tne true meaning 01 yoman Sutirage. borne tninK woman 13 trying to jisurp man s . meet- - ri2htsiot-o!She"lYde3iresolfa- nd side by side with him. and share those privil eges he values as inestimable. Let the mothers unaerstana roiitics, and their children will become better citizens, and more intelligent voters. Was there ever a great cause started that woman did not wield a mighty influence in it? She should educate, and fit, and prepare herself to - walk side by side with man. 'Woman was not taken from man's head to rule over him, nor from his feet to be tram pled upon by him, but from his sidfl tfi bp. Prinal " Society there. 'his completed the lour through the settlement south of Provo in the Utah Stake, and at each place, there was every manifestation of welcome and joy, that could have been anticipated, and the mg; seconaea ana carried Mrs. S. A. 3 then oflered prayer. The Secretary then read the call. Miss L. A, Schofield was then ieciea -- rresiaent Dyjinanim0U3-vote- .M h. B. Bryan was elected Vmt Vice President Mrs.M. E. Neff Second Vice President- Mr M. A. Cazier - third Vice President; Miss Louie Udall, Secretary; Mm Annie L. Atkin, Mr. C. Sperry approved the movement of the ladies, thought they had a right to the - -Franchise. Tie was satisfied that it was beneficial when they exercised it in this Territory. The ladies manifested their appreciation of the sentiments expressed by the speakers, bv Qiae, mere was L. A. Hartley, Treasurer. meeting was adjourned to meet in the K. S. Hall, .i-o- -- rrT a good and kindly feeling maniand the sisters have returned well and in fested, excellent spirits." -. rr . The following named ladies : OURXIIILBHEN. wifh An-drew- weected ve Boarj. JlravJVL A.GroverchairmanfMrs-I-E-- " : hitmoIrsTSarah Abbott, Mrs.'w.H: himi! aj-mIa- ; At the close a numbpr nf r M. E. Inrli vw . umwi Teasdale, Secretary, i Jones Mis3 EmmaAdams, Mrs. Mercy Wright, K- - S., Y; L; .M. I. A. & P. A. REPORTS u.cu mumeu 1 know how worn out nd .Mrs. Julia Paxman. Miss Louie Udal you feel when evening comes; The thought of readdhe Constitution of the National Woman 8EVETR STAKE. resting a few momentsrwithoajt hearing the least SufageAssociation; after which a motion was Ihe Relief Society .conference of this stake made that the same be nolse from the little ones, who have adopted. Seconds held in the Relief Sftnipfr Hall ?n tUa was. required your ana carried bv unanimnna constant attention all day long, almost v.j, jL..ij. m mi d ward, prompts; March Richfield, s 15, 1889, com- i3 itrmi tnuiiy-i.awof the Salt Lake" Un the platform;wero w :i"..m. ... 