The Rights of the Women TV Vol. --r T CUN I JiW Hephzibah A story ; Notes and News, . Long .S. Wilcox. Uncommon t ,;;RKnHa E. Foster. Maria Mitchell-- Party-Liz- Ex. . zie -m r-"rT"- Courage; Neither Editorial: tonal JNOies ".;..;. Defeat Or Victory. v One oLThe Voice From The Twentieth Ward. A Century. In Old Fashioned Mothers. Half V. S. Memortam. Wbman Suffrage In Ogden CoH.Clayton. A. Meeting.--Corn- elia Question -- S The Suffrage A. S. W. unty, is Ann M. R. Si keport. Y. L. Renunion. Mird Cancer Evans. POETRY.-Pio-neer A Strike-Selec- ted. Selected. Merrill. Day. MrA.Yr Greenhalgh. When Suffrage Come- s.- Cure.-Sa- rah PIONEER SONG. . t,x.,n At.' . ivifrtt enmA 'oonsidera - e their-rights- , - y natural-iuclinatio- Edi- - I 6. ' ..i v.. : so pursue to: it witn us, uiey u.uuiii.u we realize that they tionVraore especiallyhen do thisr One thing is to bo prayerful, another and m a not here to demand are a also to "honor thy father andthymotherr ia nnt. in effect them in this inn there Sometimes How; great many other things.us which world'and tho next, as well as ourselves; dread-"foll.1 go of made in are requirements But much better we win Jieei wneu uaucu. our against for the deeds done in tho body, if our account forth sacrifice brings the Lord teaches us that ; children can rise up and call us blessed. r established has and he matrithe blessings of heaven; that me ; let testify. toyou Kow girl3 a code of laws, by which we are to be governed-imost of the one is important steps that mony Just his into back. presence. order to return onehas.to take in a life time, both"Ior us if mi;U:1nn.a n rrnxrpm PftP.h Othef III feUl and our children. The Lord tells are know all we highly. which who poral affairs, we lack in wisdom let us ask of Him uu bo let necessary to maintain peace and upbraideth not. liberally giveth sustain to tend which in a community, and us be prayerful and inquire of the Lord, and we all Now other's each rights. and develop he has promised to answer ourprayers. But should hereafter,or the homein gseat to his law and expect a we must try to be obedie ask us let do, but when we contemplate that, and then all will be w ell, for commandments, we do want, home of a But before ourselves what kind obedience is better than sacrifice, love in we those with Do we desire to mingle wish to testify to you all that I know I closing cast to afford we can home.? Or .. our eternal in a good work when we; at-- : are we engaged to gratify onrselves out of the fold, in order of the Gospel, and us to tend to the requirements wants some:selfish desire. The Lord, also know whan we labor, sacrifice, or sutler I we think sometime? have much faith, and I for the love of God, there is joy. and peace, to think others want imagine we have, and aVheayenly pouredinto kt-udesire to our Tthe same7an3"are very indignant, if they exearnest in be source.: So The different way. in ourselves so we wiH any press themselves an(i perfect rihliand do tir Lord says: "Show me your faith without your be worthy of the love of. our Heavenly works, and I will show you my faith by my Father. Hiioda E. Foster.. works." Now we love the Lord and desire to presence, wnat is to oe return back into-h- is 8trength-Whatcourseshall.w- ip., No. 15, 1889. CITY, UTAH, AUGUST SALT LAKE 18. - Island Women of all Xaiions. of Zion, and the Rights of the ns. ' - All-Ll.r-- 1 - -- u our-selv- es : : - Hark, to the pilgrims joyful cry , is here They see that rest hie As down the Canyon's.road they welcome refuge near. ; To the ---- -- What sought they from afar? silver mine . Not the gold, or Not wealth, or fame, or the spoils of war, a shrine. They sought for their faith home, They'hl sod. arid this To find on A place where they may freely roam And safely worship God." :." y ; Footsore and weary they come ' With none to welcome or cheer To seek raid those desert wilds a home Tho the prospect looked but drear. . " " HEP11ZIBAH. W God sent His Only Be and . die, and he gotten Son, to suffer, Jleed teaches that, "no greater lore hath man , than to lay down his life for his brother. Are we willing to lay down our life for brother or sister?" I fear not, I sometimes think we are llinry to even tell the truth when it would frequently do them. so. much good; and peihaps save them much sorrow, besides But, to conquer they had come mainTho' not for glory or' fame helping them to hold and frequently fear is Not to the beat of the warlike drum tain their honor A thing which I notwith-standincame. But in freedom's cause they sometimes very carelessly dealt with; fear the amount of knowledge we all They gazed in awe, and On the vast expanse around have, that when our honor is once degraded, it ia TiinK KnrHpr to ftsrahlish than it wa3 to tear Then sang a hymn of sacred cheer That stamped it holy ground down. The Lord wants us to love one another, mm. V aTihdmhg this we prove our love ior There were men with hoary hair i3ut we must also love aurselves, and in order In that devoted band r to do this, we do not have to be selfish, unWho "were seeking" remge.where we No tyrant owned the land. grateful, or fail to appreciate the blessiugs disfather, or daily receive from our heavenly kindnesses There were women of steadfast eye we regard the' accommodations and Led here by their love of truth, receive; from our broth ersand sisters. But I There was manhood there, whose hopes sore T,TnKTHwATnrft7fselves uroDerlv. or with a V , high, course. ' God like love, we will take a God-lik- e . And the buoyant step of youth, One might say that i3 far beyond myreach; The mountain peaks loomed high but do not think so, the Lord never told a .. Above that sterile land could not -people to do any thingrwhich they And the cloudless summer .sky : ': - , do. For he has declared that "as thy day tby Lookedown on that weary and. shall be;" and who ever knew his strength But when the night cloud dark word to fail. Shrouded the landscape o'er There is a subject which weighs heavily lark tired the like exiles Those mind, and that is the course which my upon Nestled down by the Salt Lake's she some of our beautiful young girls take in marAt morn Ihey consecrate the ground Some say they marry for love. Now riage. :: -; And bless the soil they trod "let me warn you to be sure you know what around Then move with freedom's step love is; you may think it is no one's business, God. their of The Zion but beware how you cast your 101, ior mis iue M A. Y. Greenhalgh. is not too happy at best, but when we bring sorrow and misery upon ourselves, by making July 24th 1889. a heedless, unwise choice, and take an unlove worthy companion, because we think we: to LOVE. him dearly; will the Lord be any more apt us iu our choice? Will he hold us Love what is it; I sometimes think we do justify ..Besides placing ourselves on Very not know. The Savior said: "Love the Lord guiltless. our posterity have to share God, With all thy might, mind and slippery ground, ; v g," .7 " . -- . " 4 thy v;' .,' v. rsweet its- radiant hours; - . Childhood, how passing The loves and friendships of our early youth; Enchantment dwelt within its fairy bowers; ,1 Adorned with germs of purity and truth. -y . " Morning' came, a lovely inorn;'and Hepsie'. made ready lor unpacked her little trunk and the Sabbath for this was Saturday;- after that she wanted to take a walk; and as her mother had told her to ask Mrs. G's consent to eyeryi;: lady's permission, bne thin, she asked the in the garden, and Mrs. spent most of the day assisted-i- i, G. in addition to her domestic duties, Hie t? cvj-iei;.'ij-"Praamna (n nrpnarinere his , sermon., ti -j-, ana r- li. nprnAntinns. r the iu:um. parson- ghe discovered on her first day at of the sermon age, that Mrs. G. wrote much tt" i JtiepnZlDail WU5 liCCU i m. in -- herself. If she left "the study" for a minute v. or two, to attend to domestic affairs, the lie Erasmus in dressing gown and slippers, would open the door pf his study, and m his . blandest tone, cairDeborahf and in the Sabbath, was -- The next morning a minister's house, especially in New England atthere was always a peculiarly, subaued Grovesner had mosphere on Sunday, Mrs. considerable worry in fixing her husband oU to to meetin g in . time, and, she was, too .busy wives very often are; go herself as minister's and after all the sermon was left, over which Mm G. tound so much time had beeu-spen- t. s it out when she went to dust her husband for this was part study, and arrange his' papers of her work, after alt he had gone, and she the minishastily arrayed herself; as became and lace ter's wife, in her very best eilk dress bonnet and hurried up the street towards the and church; at the door she met the deacon, : she slipping- - the package into his Jands hastened home again, that her husband s redinner might be ready for him when he turned:' Poo little Hepsie wondered as one could do naturally would what the minister without his wife. She wrote a letter to her 