iHilliWiffi'"rfiirfi)11tii"a WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 181 ceed ingrtire pu bk hed irra large volu m e,: vr hi clr for man a rival, a superior, or a head," but we will try to make., woman what our beneficient gives a comprehensive and almost marvelous Creator designed that she should beVthe Comaccount of woman's work. Although somewhat familiar with the subject I was not only panion, the sister, and the helpmeet of man. and delighted but surprised at-- the varied a..,f - To be continued;") r -mammoth proportions of the cause. V" By means of auxiliary associations throughout the country, such as4he one recently organ Celebration of the one hundredth annivera Howe.-Matildis7 ized in this Territorv, the National able to Joslyrr Livermorej Julia Ward of the inauguration of Prest. Geo. Wash-ingto- n sary on work in 'different the" all LsU "Saxon, and scores of carry systematic in the Tabernacle, this city, April 30, to When the lives the their othere who have devoted departments. temperahce Lieut. It. W. Young, orator of the day. . needs in Kansas irth. stren Years women? or able of elsewhere, of condition the amelioration and efficient -- women are ent from different ago they received as encouragement from the wOTldlerisionnd Scof iiybut now the wreath-o- f parts of the land to wage the "war laurel and theTictor'g crown- are beginning' .when the labor mwe iieeds helpin lheEait7 valiant women are assigned to that department; to fall upon the furrowed brows of these hon and so the good work goes on with quiet Jbut ored champions of their sex. On the fifteenth of May, the Second Term of Dr. StUFthe work oF redemption ha3 only just irresistible momentum. School for Nurses begins, a class Hughes' Training -- and 12 s e- the -ot Since students the National twelve been has its higher-walkconcompleting holding professions begnnVWhjlof May. This is the on fourth the months three of life are open to women of ability, who ventions at Washington, much work has been first Nurses School for established in Training calf avail themsel ves of such- - ad van tages, their done before Committees of Congress, a3 well as instruction embraces tho best and the given Utah, with individual membersr Several important methods of teaching of the Eastern Schools, whose less favored sisters, the seamstress, the factory havebeen thoroughly; investigated by the girl, and others similarly situated,' are still hearings have been had, at which the subject, systems teaeherT The purpose of this school is to give a struggling to free themselves from the terrors of suffrage has been, discussed, and lively de wider knowledge of waiting upon the sicl and all of that inhuman custom, which prevents them viates -- have taken place in the Senate and the branches pertaining to nursing will be thoroughin the successive terms. The second from getting the same remuneration for their House of Representatives on this question. At ly discussed held in Dr. Hughes' new residence, on be term will labor as that realized by men for the same first it was difficult to find cnampions for the First West Street. Students desiring to enter, should in either ause as branch the women now wearof thousands of are National Legislamake application work; and early as possible, so that ar' for securing text books. be can made rangements ing away their lives, (in this great land which ture, but since Senators Blair and Palmer - TtlTIOX, has been consecrated to liberty,) Jby unremitt- --made their powerful appeaU for Woman's Suf Special arrangements can bo made for Obstetrical. ing toil, for which many of them receive less frage, the number of adherents to the cause has Address: than a quarter of a dollar for a day's work of materially increased and, were it not for the teacning. stern opposition df Southern Senators which nearly eighteen hours; and out of' this misSaltXake City , Utah. P. O. Box 575. erable pittance some of them have to support i3 founded on'the fact that the enfranchisement well asheniselv::-I- s iot Ql.woraenjmeans, to :theQ.uth,flnJncrase .of-thcolored" vote, and consequent negro rule worthy the best effort! of the best women to U. GentlemerLand-Ladiesof.and s L the-reli-- evil,- and remedy-this-great enabling-womesought forcould4iavebeen obtained" education to enter a commercial business, .to get just" compensation for the work before now. d sal ary at three d oil ars While the, general work h as been going on r where prom otion an small-securithey dor abolish much of the suffering that now required per day is guaranteed, exists and obviate, many, of the necessities that, .Utah ha3. not been neglectedby..tho National rrbonds lead to sin and crime? Such a work must be. Association. On several occasions leading suf-M. Glassford, worthyllBivineJavoivJm jrraga.womenhaveappeard before Committees foundation of the Woman's Suffrage movement. or Congress and protested in the strongest Salt Lake City, Utah. Then tho evils of lutcnipefahcejnust be over- "terms againsTt The amount of sorrow, suffering jlrs. .Lockwood and Miss Anthony are deservcome. and sin that this demon has entailed upon the ing of particular mention in this connection human race is beyond computation or accurate and their effbrt3 were ably seconded by other estimation. Happy homes' have been invaded eloquent, warm-heartewomen. , Having been and domestic felicity ruthlessly destroyed. presen t on some of these occasions to abound, feelingly of the work that has been done, and WherirpeacerandTpIen poverty , and strife. now take up their abode. reverently of the noble women' who did it. My' Dutiful wives have become miserable outcasts, soul has often breathed the prayer: "God and innoccnt"children have been driven into bless and. reward them for all they have done . :dens of ;vice.N6 tongue xanitellnor pen de ndafdfortrs." The woman suffragists are represented by pict the misery that drink has wrought. It is work the peculiar of woman that is destined to many talented writers and eloquent speakers. -insatiable monsterand free her Fheir newspapers and entjdicalsrFabIycoP? vanquislrthe sex from its most deadly enemy. The great ducted and wield a power for good in the temperance work that has already been done, land. On the lecture platform and in the in different parts of the Union, under the direcpulpit are heard words of burning eloquence tion of such noble women as Frances Willard, and poetic pathos from women's lips; and had Susan B. Anthony and their associates, comI the time, it would afford me pleasure to pay mands the admiration of the world and fully my num Die trnmte to some-these distmguised women, hut Lmnst forebear. My purpose" in justifies the prediction of ultimate triumph. "The National WomanVSaffragessoc been to show t is something really meritorious in the Woman's is the most prominent, as well as the most com prehensive organization of women in the land. Suffrage movement, and that by promoting it, While its ostensible object, as indicated by its iwezdonot necessarily depaTtfrom woman's' secure the elective franchise for 1 1'u eJpherMnliJen ounakeJierjusurp man!s Will be iound tt o latest styles and pioductions piameJito: is disin women, its ultimate purpose to. effect the prerogati ves. 3Ien and women can and should 1 i f a al n wal en worn t the n of enthrallm kstHi ey WGrkUogeiJier,4ar-tb-e am LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, orw and shouldshare .,withu each - other - the and..every branch. FAIS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, this Associaand of responsibilities, . as well as the pleasures of support hearty sympathy RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES tion i For many years past it has held its life. And an elegant assortmenf of. : annual conventions, ui of Let use and composed influence for the Delegates f ourgtrength "fromlhinliffeimt at the advancement of this noble work, for woman s for Ladies' Misses' and In Special department National Capital, and, of late years,-- United rights are human rights. Let us remember f4Bt?8"aaos.States-Se- n atorsyund - Congressmen , an d others lnat however rreat our own reluct 112, 114, 116, 118 East TempleStreet of National repute, have taken part in their prcupypoliticalsitionsT" there are those of our sex whose live3 and honor depend upon meetings. Last year an "International Council of Women" was held at Washington, D. C.,f .Iheir possessicn of political Let us. under the auspices of this Association,, at which: not put obstacles in their power. M FITTERS way, by declaring Tl NER3 CAS, WATER & STEA M were represented nearly every .State and Terri- - ' :tbat wp n?ve a11 the rights we want, but rather-le: m i i for RTJ5ISEYS celebrated LIFTand FOKCB tt;.L uw us wen as me leaaing countries us inHiyidually; petition the iu union, that be-t- o PUMPS. Pumps Repaired on short notice. Orders Jfo powerr of Europe and other parts of the civilized -grant them deliveranoe from their oppres-sions- .. the country promptly responded to. world. - Tho Council-last- ed - a - week; its pre In doing this we will not try to create' Box SOSSILT LilE CIT7. rAiirest EAVID' ' VsufFragr bare- - been so ardently engaged, and who of us can tell how much of the progrmJthat has been made in that direction is due to ,the patient labors of such women as Lucretia Mott, Elizabeth' Cad y Stanton. Susan B. Anthony. Bel va A. yoodj Lucy. Stone, Laura O. Chant, Isabella Beecher Hooker, Frances E. ViIfard, Mary A; trand-Wom- " -- an , 1 -- - t -- -- -- h Gage,-Elizabet- . . fare-there,an- dL; . .. fpMffingSelioolturK urses -- - their-ilrstterm- -- their-childreaa- s: . e -- good-addres- ,by -- n ef . . -- ty -- B.K THOMAS d " " Z--- " - -- r . Gash. House. -- pt Special to the Ladies. AT TEASDEL'S - - - DK,"Z" . a. t ent . 7 ' . , - r. ' - GOODS: i f ,4 