1 ; W O MAN 'S EXPONENT. v SONGS OF THE HEARTH . v i , . i . ' habits you thus are pursuing, There can be no pleasure conferred; How irrational, then, is so doirg,' Now is not very absurd. By the Cigars cost you ten cents each, nearly And ten cents an ounce for your snuff; Consider how" much then, you yearly Must waste in that horrible stuff. - - r j - - au"wasteawny so soon;" And yet the early riiing sun lias not attained its n6on; Stay, stay5 Unt.l the hasting day ' Has run But to tlte evett-song; 7 And having prayed together,!" We U Hi, go with you along.' .. -- , And Desdemona says: -- . -- - Youlton GreenHalgii. - love-tltt-m- -? Who does not appreerate their; lovely sweet- ness? The- -; perfume is wafted to my senses: from far off year?; t)r, as on.4 writer has beauti remmiscensea . fully expressed it, "like far-of- f of youth.,' The approach of spring speaks tenderly to me of lovely flowers andjiangiug vines, of the sweet music of songdnfds," aud preme Being, Creator, not only of that which the soiil by which we we see. but of, seue and, enjoy them. Like the psalmist of ohl, 'one might well ex '' claim at this season, "Let the heavens rejoice, and let the earth be glad. "Let the held be joyful and all that is therein; then . shall all the trees of 7 Aunt Lm. - '.'My mother had a maid cal.ed Barbara; She was in love, and he she loved proved mad, And did forsake her, she had a song of willow;' An old thing 'twas, but it expressed her fortune, And she died singing it.' . the-woodrejoi- NOTES AND NEWS. "John Ward, Preacher," has been "pirated" in Loudon. The authorized English edition is published by Messrs. Longman & Co. Ts this rrara plumeleis-aft-the-iart74- 0, the violets of spruig ! wlw does Mol e'trtl ai n tvnan d fra irrantr Trfilfl Klim These little, snatches - of quaint songs,, perpetuate the tradition, and it may be that-poet- s love to be melancholy or are imbued with a .tinge of sadness which renders them happier. AWAKENING OF "SPRING. int - nf hoJ vT (mT hltff orOifie ' rf pnnnre lambs skipping and calves bleating, and all these are most welcome, tooue whose heart is in sympathy with the pulse, of nature. And while admiring all these, the works of a Su - -."Willows whitenaspens quiver, , ' ' Little breezes dusk and shiver Through the waves, that run for ever, By the island in the" river : - Flowing down to Camelot." l Sing all a green willow, must be my garland. ..Then resign, at the call of affection, The habits I cannot endure; Or you'll spoil both your- nose and complexion, And ruin your teeth, I am sure. !HWhen:j)sy fair nanoaiis,- we weep to see -rf "Sing wjllow, willow, willow, smoky and snuffy old man. M. A. z- " . A 1 The dmpeword willow to me is poetry, " musical and melodious. - for your person I tremble-,'Tis going as fast as it can; Oh! how should you like to resemble A . ' 1 - .1 . Why the sums in tobacco you spend love, . The wealth in your snuff box you sink; Would procure me of dresses no end love, And keep me in gloves; only think. - What's worse, ' . -- . " K-- in tlm .liliss anee: .... -- - - i 1 h'TT-cti , Those fumes so oppressive, from puffiing , Say, what is the solace that flows; ; W whence the enjoyment ;of stuffing A parcel Of dust in your nose. - . ' 1 nf Knlirndp " nnd Herrfck thus laments their too early disappear- him iihnn e But, alas, how completely you sold me, ' ' vVith blandishments artful and vain ; When you emptied your snuff boxjaStiTotd rne7 ' You nevtr would fill it again - 1 1 You promised to leave, off your smoking llie day I consented to wed Howjittle I thought you were joking-' "How fondly believedwhat you said. jnd n uu I,riI,g u ie, that the effect 'of th S re- iiewai is every where apparent, although1 vary- wne i umtimate associa- ri irii. ,it i "uauy... a sbiMi Hrwla nwu turn me WOC.OS JHK t tio m iK iir-thpleasure, poetry if you-wi- ll, fir?i iilica- O .t f h f n n W1f me zrzz.zrz green leai on me .bare ..bought-- At -- this particular spnnnnf thn year, the young hemlock is'artistically beauti- jiuK iiuuusi nai upon the ground," like a heayjcarnet, richer in its designs than the most, elaborate pattens of the skillful man u facturer. t There are many varieties of tree and leafy "i.. i. shriih flint i " " o m nvrtrt-..!:wnen ... . ueauuiui vucvu,lJgybursting-- into. leaf; and each of theseunb'hL f form a Separate leaved willows thatsubjecirTThgmctfutli friuge the hro jkleUthe. rivers edge; although superstitiously surges-- . Jdvexd melancholy and traditional as funereal in aspect and beHriug, yet, in the noetic mind, are .associated even ''sweetly and cheerfully:" for instance, leiinyson to the "JLady of Shallott:' THE DISGUSTED WIFEJTOJIER HUSBAND. i: 16 lieKIich igffi'Le "" J . x 11 '1 the things of which words do not convey the I'll Din allowing women to vote lor ana noia the whole meaning. office of school inspector in Detroit. these sad reed another of and musical is The M isa Sangt r, Presiden t Harrison's typevvriter, and by its long peculiar leaves is said plants The long, long winter is over, or in commou is said to be the flrH woihan ever employed at to suggest the idea of inditing, which endears parlance, the first spring month is upon us, hit e II oifse in a clerical capaci ty. At : th e W and though no v and then the air is '" and it all the more to the heart ...ofTliepoetz: r -season of the year, the reeds are-a pale, " The raw, and the light fleecy snow falls occasionally, ihis Empress of Russia has given nearly and the tasteful as, sofr,c)ol yellow, exquisitely a for 1 Iransitory, beautifying the landscape . $50 000 tv St - Petersburg ll(spittil as a t hi t hem her an bends d'thilht and wind r, sways for her escipe fnm the recent railmoment, yet we cannot but see that spring de is make jwhipji' intensely pathetic .facto is About to pay us her annual visit. they road accident. 7 sad.1' this Keats fanciful expresses "sweet, but Soon we shall have the sprightly, coy, artless 1 i n 1 rs. G ai Id , w i fo of .th e U u i tar i an in i n ister ti.rae.ii cern con t sen g therreed.i i a nci fu ly f and g maiden whom we it accords with the strain in which I am writ- - i 4! i tlisterMich..-1- conduct ed the services out from sunny nooks and corners with her mg. morning an 1 evening, on Sunday, recently, trailing garlands of green, and gladsome shind u ri n the absence of Prof. Gould. how did we weep to find ing face, though now and then bedewed with Naught but a lonely sighing of the wind jeweled'' teardrops, yet all the more beautiful, Mrs. Louisa Reed Stowell, teacher of microa stre the strain; ira, reedy Along withthei pleasing contrastofLsuns-hine,anscopical botany at the University of M ichigan, of sweet desolation, Full balmy pain.' shade; and anon, with positive assurance of has beekap)0iute4ipiI'imiscroscpic artist her real designs, she will burst forth-i- n fairy-- : rZhVPTWiHis of the botanical department at Washington. gives a truly poetical definition like beauty to gladden the universe. Bhe is and the willow: . , y At the banquet of the" Cornell freshmen, on me uerainea witn tne sweetest orcnestra, to me, the down !'The reeds bent stream, the eve of W ahiugton's bir thday, the you ng most finished music, surpassing the composition the flowers water lea willow ves'hose The women of the class were present for the first time. of the finest; masters. Th trillinp-'anouaver Like a gentle nurse beari on its bosom, 7 The supper was so successful that tuds precedent iog of the forest birds, never ceases to be wonQuietly gaveway, and leaned will probably be followed henceforward. derful to the lover of nature. These songs of k' to rest.", In graceful attitudes the birds, and other evidences of spriugtime, The right of women to practise medicine of used as illustrative is often reed is The convey to us morelhan the reality there in Canada has' been established by the sucbow beneath to every ready cessful application of Miss Mitchell, a grad-something indefinable when we try to express weakness; always u it in wards, but of which we are quietly i versi for a 3reatkofuhorityK yielding a te o f--jQ gs to n tyKiu Jords: i Med as cal Board at :smeM)fthe icen e. Th e Provi nciaf within for want of a better term, the rrecUcUtardy-aks com a ilgrahteil-thellicejge-- .iddeelares Htroticai-ntttnain' , - And rarely pipes the mounted, thrush; Or underneath the barren bush e Flits by the bird of March." 1 . . 1 1 ; sea-blu- c-d- thank-offi-riot- r isic ' designate-Springrpeepin- - , half-hear- d - of-ther- ertl . 1 . - -- I ' u con-cio- - ,-- uef-n-U- 1 -- sueh-I-acc- erjt it; "tewib:morrtitan-the- rest ot mankind hoW 'tp "define itIt is an charm - - - of sense and inexpressible jound, an exhilaration imparted to the soul, by the sympathy of many unseen forces, and by the languid softening of the air, lengthening of the day3, and the thousand beautiful things Linake-theirppearance- - in such a maryeL 0U3 manner, through an unseen effort of our bother earth, so joyful when these inanimate givinf mv views on this point. : Insome countries there are many ft '.vers that mak-,- ' their appearance early in the season. the yvll.nv In- England, among wild flowers, daflbdiU bloom in March; aud this pretty - bios-soi- Wp11 rr..-- n is a favorite flower with some of ahe poets v oruswortn speans known to lame. of. the floiat snlehdor of the e.AYr daffodils haunting; him, he says, "They flash It is a comfort to find a will like John .JkIattcksfo;f-Ohieft'gor-Wholeft-$60,0- thafof 00 his entire property:, "absolutely, and forever" to his wife. There "are several children, but Mr. Mattocks evidently, felt that his wife should hold the same relation to the property that he had held, and that she would not' fail, to 1e just to the children: HeithejFwould;:rmost -- other mothers. : ; - i:"'"''"""'";";7 