J WpMAN'S EXPONENT, Belief society festival. enterprise, so he endeavored" to hide from his countenance and actions everything that might Relief branch of show Ward a disturbed stats' of mind; with the public r Society ;Thc,Fiftenth he was successful, but his wife soon. discovered .gave a festival in honorof the widvs and the aged of the ward, in the ward hall, Jan. 8, 1889, that something tronbled him. L W o m a n I i k e Po r j a n x i 0 u s : to k u o'w of Sisters Binder, Dunk e 0 son andRudy, as super- ji thrs tiling, that she might show her joyjETand" 7smif committee, were efficient in making the ocfaithfulness by sharing his pain and grief, as casion enjoyable. The Bishopric-of- : the ward well as pleasures; she, therefore, asked, but honored the occasion with their aid and their was treated unkindly, dud dismissed. Afraid presence, and we were happified with the presence, to question further, she went anay, "hopingit by invitation,' of a few veteran, sisters. Society but an affect of humor that sometime hath its workers, .from other wards. .. Some, of Zion's hour with every man.'" sweetest singers graced the occasion, and ei e. 0 tM arc h a 1 en g t b ca m e, a n d y e t -- T -- chanting musio helped to- banish care to not day, Portia' has not slept. Sick at heart, of forgetfulnessr Bro. EHafbrris, she discerned some six or seven men, their laces of the Bishopric, oifered the opening prayer. masked even fromtheTiight conversing in the Brest. 57irf Kimball "said, "This gatheringi s garden with her lord. What does this mean? as sociable . ... f. i . a-- w : -- . ; ha-J- the-lan- d -- -- . -- .. .. in-the , f - - t-- d " ' battle; she makes no show of grief in his pres. enee, but once out of his sight she'' bursts' into; passionate tears. No doubt the assassination of Csesar weighed .assisted in rendering heavily on her mind,-anher frantic. But the greatest cause of suspense feit was absence of and "grief that-sh- e field-oher husband ou the battle, and,upon forces of Octavius t . the opposing learning that aird Mark .Antony were making themselves so " strong;' she lost her reason entirely and her attendants ybeingabsent, she swallowed fire, and thu3 put an end torherunhappy existence. Alice 'E.Merrill."' - ' ex-memb- er H. S., Y. L. M. 1. A. & P. A. REPORTS. . designed 'a VshelhoiejjagplriLtL sociability would prevail, and that we might have a very enjoyable afternoon. A feast was prepared for the "body, after which she hoped we would feast the soul. ., ' Seventy-nine surrounded the tables, who were waitresses'. After . served by ready and willing f dinner came a seasorr-osocial interchange of thought, then music, interspersed with speeches, .wherein some interesting .reminiscences were made prominent. Brest A. M.1 Cannon being present, related some of his early remembrances. The hearts of those convened seemed warmed and strengthened, to meet the vicissitudes and continue the journey ' of life. The sisters regret that their accomodations were not sufficient to reaclr more of the loved and ones. We look forward, and with "the - spirit's eye see a time when, with unlimited accomodations, we will enjoy a grand reunion amid scenes of bliss unspeakable. v Minnie Grey, Sec. BOX ELDER STAKE. UFe1ysome Unhappy wife; until now she had been nour- - The quarterly conference of the Relief 56 position ciety of Box Elder Stake convened iu'the deserved. ' tabernacle at Brigham City, on the 1 1th of Portia determines to furnish some proof thaf December, at 10 o'clock a.m. Singing, "Sweet grief nor pain can overcome her, so she seizes is the; work, "my God, my King." Prayer by Coun. Susannah P. Booth. Singings "0, say,: a knife and courageously plunges it into her what is truth?" Minutes readrind accepted. thigh, tbtoi she watched ihe grey light Prest. Harriet Snow made some opening re" begin to appear, heardthec!ock"strike three, saw the conspirators depart, then hastened into marks; said, "I feel, myself that the Relief So: the garden. ciety is a very iraportant'organization; there are to perform; we should improve and "Brutus, my lord," that voice pierced his many duties strive to f ulfill ally our labors, that we may be soul in his mind, he was assassinating Caesar, in Zipn; in doing good, in exercising he turns to chide his wife for coming into the our minds an4 intellects, we will be more capa"Rheumy air but -- Portia is not to be put off. ble of accomplishing good." Prayed that we Unlike Cordelia, she can "heave her heart into her mouth and with sainted eloquence now might be all blest this day in coming together. Pres trHarriet-Hi- i n sakerrlrkno w the' Lord" pleads her Tight tosh are this secret; recalls with gentleness his late unkind manner; Upon is with us; we feel a desire to be one in the Godv I know the Lord is able to her knees and by her once commended beauty, kiriordom-odless us in bearing our trials." by all his vows of love and that great'vbw Prest". Meecham: "I am thankful this morn1 which did. make them one, sbeleads. Tells him she should not need to kneel ifhe ing that I have been counted worthy to be one were gentle Brutus, asks if she is to know no among the Latter:day Saints.'' . . Prest. Harper: "I kno w this is tFe work of secrets that appertain to him if she is himself THE CHARACTER OF PORTIA. but in Jimitatiou she is not his wife' Brutus God; we must try to live our religion." Prest. Watkins, Fourth Ward: 'Ye shouW says, "You a insicknesi The tragedy of Julius Ciesar is a true picture There is a world of loveliness in'her answer: pfayfbf "fea or trouble; we should rejoice for the blessing of of the tyranny, 'and ambition and jealousy, exhealth." "Jf tins were true, then should Iknow this secret. isting in the Roman Senate, as well m of the I grant, I am a woman, buwithal, Conn. Susannah P. Booth: "In performing oppression and rebellion found iu the lower A woman that Lord BrutusT took to wife; our duties we. must exert ourselves. It builds classes of Roaie. Id sistersrWe-sho- u oman, but witlial, XgraaL me u p to meetwi yCottsjimey1--treacry murderrsureiderjvar- AJ woman hisCato's -t- he, Jesuits of certain find some time to read good books and the daughter, w'eil4reputo. political relations, aW " "Thi'b'k you."I am oa stronger than my sex, violently shown up. tory of this Church. We ought to appreciate hxiibanded? so fathered and 50 Being and attend these conferences, while we enjoy Naturally, in a play of this kind, women wilLnot disclose 'em; me wur counsels, Jelf this privilege. I have no other desire than to would not appear as leading characters. They I have made strong proof of rhy cCinstancy, be faithful by the help of the Lord." would bo introduced as Sweet Portia was, just a Giving myself voluntary jwound Prest Mary Jensen: "In looking around we , for a moment, ias if were, to take "our minds Heeia the thighs can hear that with patience, see that can stand still in the kingdom from conspiracy, daggers ami blood, and let And not my husband's secrets." of God; we should be very careful what we say thera influence of ' ' about one another." 1 chastity, love and constancy. ve finds? "O T?pndoimo lirutus exnlaims: uav wvvva vji " " Coun. Olivia Widerborg: "God has given us She is there to soften and tone down. the worthy of this noble wife." harsh, and angular lines of the picture; to Then he gently sends her away, promising the greatest of all gifts, the light of the Gosradiate the light of her innate loveliness even that she shall partake the secret of hi3 heart. pel. Ail clouds have a silver lining. We to the dark and .unsightly;' to, leave the When Portia knows all the plans of the must restrain our young people in their pleasure story life a of that all may with 'profit study. seeking, provide proper amusement for them. she is almost distracted. Brutus conspirators, Let us watch our little ones; fearful crimes, Portia was a typical Roman lady in the age went to the Senate hoose and the gentle jvife secret sin3 are - of Julius creeping in among our childwas left to raitja. horrible suspense until news Cnesar,jmd r aMiMMtMlmiiaM ..;'":-:W'-- T for all time. of the enterprise could come. Her woman's ren." In Plutarch's lives we read her noble history . strength is scarce ly Adjourned till 2 o'clock. Singing. Beneenough to keep the diction great by Prest. Harriet Hunsaker. Although one of Shakespeare's character, she secret and she fears that hy some; word or is not created in his imagination; he has --comshe will disclose it; she imagines that -Afternpon session: Singing, OodL moves - prthended her and behold Portia-T-3 borirwain- - action noiseroceedr fiom th eTIcapjtolarid"'t8encf5v': in a mysterious way." Prayer by Bishop in the play Julius Uesar! Nichols. Singing, "Should you feel inclined Portia was the dauin'teF ofaT raosF honored ;; the is so great that to. censure." merry." Finally suspense Roman, Cato; as she grew from childhood into uc ase-nerseii iu;tit: tiicccuaie iPrest, Mary E. Snow: "We have a faithful ...... arriving n 11'AuonhA,ul uu umaatmwt otttrugcaiue to in time noise and the iueai, ana no wonder band of sisters in jtvst uproar after Explained how is it, that the oble Brutus sought and hBassassinatlQili Portia swodhs and 13 carried gained they had beenblest in their labors in dQirig v her for' his w ife. 'K t JlOm e 3 V in herattf juJanlat hi nl-- --a nita-; ooth Portia seems but. a milder ajid .gentler copy to Brutus. Emilia D, Madsen: "Unless the Lord will ButBrutus even made his personal,, feelings' give me a few words to say, I shall not be able, from him, He was "The ocean to the riveoi subject to Rome and libertyXBo Portia was left to say anything that will comfort or benefit her. thoughts' alone with her weak woman's heart, which had anyone." Referred to our great responsibiliWhen Brutus became involved in the conbeen shattered by the shocks of the day's ties and,the olessings we enjoy, the comfort we spiracy agaimt the. life of CVesar, he knew' that ev.uts. receive from associating together, to improve all the most valiant and brave men of Rome From this: swoon Porlvrevives and lives to These are our every opportunity for good. ventured with him thoir lives and honor in. the . with Brutus part previous to his departure for" true talents; do unto others a3 we would like ; lishcd-i- n th44e-and-conCdenee-h- er . -- . of-daw- -- n " f , ' . . . : th-m- -- hf . -- : . " no-o- ne - - . - - . , ; -- v . ' . l-- . 1 1 T, J 1 ht-a-r - our-ward- ." ' . . of.herusbW(if-h'qrr;Hfe:-bca!ne-:iiotiiiBgrapar- " 0 . - , r-- . 