i. The RigJits .of the Womeu of Zion. and the Rights of the Women of all Nations: - on - the since. 1 1jwaaatthe Assembly-Ha- ll CONTENTS, " day of Judge Elias Smith's funeral. A Kimball. M. E. Hephzibah. Fast. so Not At that time a compauy of school teacners from-mJournal. MJa.nne Leaves r Story. - wero traveling through to, California, and - see ing the people gathering to tins house tney the.CourL .and .Doctrine Mormon EnrrmiTAT,. came in, (that is a few of them), and after Editorial An Eastern Trip. Seventy-one- . taking seats the one who sat next to me made, An Address. Notes. Thorns and Roses. Aretta. some inquiry, and seeing the congregation had -not yet assembled we Jjad. a little chat. In Mrs; Julia Cruse Howe. VV. A. S. Co. renlv to mv nuestion she told me they" had just Meeting. Millard i Convenarrived andxpected to leave the next day, :A Mass Meeting Annual Washington ' they were- from Kentucky and New tion. Notes and News. LongJersey. Her first question was. " What is the Poetry. A Dream. Ida May Davis.Childless Beehive emblematic of, which is painted on ing for Holiness. L. M. Hewlings. was Homes. Some Day of Days Elizabeth Stuart the wall above the organ."' I told her it We -- belong- to J?L- - remblematic of us as a people Phelps. I Often Wonder Why 'TisSo. A. J the working class. She thought it a good emblem; then asked the name of the President, A DREAM. after telling her.she asked if he wa3 on the y - ! Semi-Month- ly X ml -- ' stand. I told her the President of the Stake was there, but not the President of the Church. She wished to know if those were officers seated there. I replied there were some of the Twelve A postles, -- Bishops and also 'Seventies, saying this Church is organized according to the ancient pattern of Jesus and His Apostles. She asked quickly, "where do you get seventies." - I replied in the New Testament. No not in the Testament she replied I have read the Testament and there is nothing of seventies in it. I thought I could find it, but could not tell the chapter and verse, accordingly did 'not contradict her bu t let the subject; The rose's heart is red, so red, The thrush's song is sweet, so sweet; The west wind thro' the rushes play, To-dais happiness complete. y Ah, I forget how fast time flies! I thought this, moment it was I, Who smiling tossed her brown hair hack, And to the song made soft reply. It must have been the friendly touch The evening breeze laid on my brow, I smooth my locks the soft light melts, I know my head is snow white now. .... look- Why mourn when I have but to At eve, adown the purple lane, And feel the cool windVUght caress; To live the olden days again. Ida May Davisi . drop. took the book to search for Seventies." I found it in Luke 10 Ch. 1 vs. it reads: After these things-- the Lord sent, forth other. Seventy also, and sent them two an two before His face into every city, and place, whither He Himself would- - come." And in the 17, vs. we read: "And the Seventy returned with joy, saying Lord, even the devils are subject to us through Thy name. A feeling of regret came over me as I called to mind the bright, intelligent face of the misyoung lady who wa3 so positive that I was taken. I was sorry from my heart that I could not tell her the chapter and verse, because from her appearance- she seemed to heart. possess honesty of soul and sincerity of But a little self conceit caused her to be too fast in her decision of us as a people. I remembered that forty-eigyears ago T was in that position myself, and this honesty Of soul and sincerity combined helped me to see the world. gospel as taught by the Saviour of the After returning home I 1 LONGING FOR HOLINESS. O, for a holy faith, no terrors to discern, Oh for a clearer sight my path to trace, Beyond all gloomy doubts of weakness or repining, Into the shining light of truth and- graee. " Poor wearied soul, let not thy faith be sh aken, , Gaze up and onward toward that blissful clime, Where all thy. powers shall to new life awaken, No more to feel the chilling blight of time. W ako-sayin- . -- No. 13. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, DECEMBER 1, 1 889. Vol. 18. . " : Dear Father draw to thee my lost affections back, Clear from mine eyes the mist that hides from view, Give the worn soul once more its pinions free To find the truer Aife,b grace renew. Touch and make pure and free the flame, that knows not . . death, Bearing it up to heaven, love's ownaboder 0 pity, and forgive all vain idolatry, "And takefrom me I pray, this grievous load. . Chasten'd and school'd at last from worship vain I turn. To one whose voice alone can give me rest, Nq earthly image in my heart shall sit enthron'd To mar my vision from the regions blest. L. M. Hewlings. NOT SO FAST. While traveling through this short journey of life we often meet bright, intelligent people, whose earnestness of zeal and sincerity of heart we admire, and find them quite agreeable companions, because intelligence and sincerity- - are always deserving" admiration when coupled withrhumility; without thi3w&areraptrtocr too last, ana jump at conclusions ioo rcauiiy. An instance of this kind occurred some time ht At tnat time l coum see TcfasTwliehTML tuamut xuimaici part of StTTaulY words to convince me that I was wrong. must remember ".Whether He said-yo- u there be prophecies they shall fail, and tongues shall cease, leaving out the next line or clause of the verse, (and knowledge shall vanish no! away). Would he acknowledge this? oh knowledge was increasing. So it - seems in what of the spiritual; I temporal afFairs;-bu- t , . leave this for yourselves to judge. to was thankful how I never I shall forget gee my mistake; and have always been thankful that the gospel has been restored exactly as the Saviour taught it when" He was here; knowing we could not be prepared to meet Him t under any other circumstances, or another doctrine to that which He gave to the human family. My Sabbath school lesson came forcibly. to my mind, we find in Mathew 7 Ch. ; it-i- one-that-sai- th s' out-devils- ? then I will profess unto them, I never- knew.. you, depart from Me ye that work iniquity. This class of people I think are too fast. .They lean too much upon their own strength and the wisdom called worldly wisdom. A humble and a contrite spirit, putting our trust in God which we can do when we keep His commandments; will bring us His blessing. We have learned this lesson many times. One time in particular was, when Johnson's army came to destroy us a3 a people, root and branch- .- Was there ever a time whenwewere more earnest and sincere in calling upon God our Father for wisdom, and the intelligence we were then in need of? Did we get it? Yes the blood- army was defeated without one drop of ; shed. "how did they feel? In this we rejoiced; but They were angry; and felt that they could have eaten us without a grain of salt. So we were told. But our Father saved us while they were called home and the privilege (if we may content. say so) to shed blood to their hearts when Again ourSaviour'j wordsjvere fulfilled He said: "In the world ye shall have tribulation but in Me ye shall have, joy." Can anyone who lived in this valley at that time, be No not doubtful, lacking faith in God unless they forget God; If so, they should call - "7 . T to-day- . to mind ? s.im who forget Him. - - M. E. ! Nov. 11, 1889. s Kimball. w - HEPHZIBAH. XII. - - . -- written,:fNot every Lord, Lord, shall enter into the kingdom of heaven; but he that doeth the will of My Tather which is in heaven.-"- '22, vs. i'51auyrwilP say to Me in that day, Lord, Lord, jiayewe not propliesTeJ in Thy name? and in Thy name and in Thy name done Javeca8t many wonderful works?"- - 23, vs. reads "And 2lrvs. Faith that alone withstands the heaving tide Of fond emotions in the human heart, T Can sacrifice ambition, vanquish pride, And conquer love; must be of heav'n a part. : How true ." it is that "man proposes but God disposes" and we in our own hearts sometimes decide upon a course oMife entirely different to that which circumstances afterwards as it were compels us to follow. Many young blissful of a dreamed future, lovers have fondly in fulfillment its from off but have been cut one way or another, just when the charmed their grasp. cup of happiness seemed within result of the Occasionally such events are the obstinacy or pride of one or the other; tlew are also many other causes; but more often difperhaps it is on account of a distinctive ference in the position in society or in the re) mim vi p.ws. Itris always better and safer so far as possible to associate with those who are of the same faith; it is true inai m many :nofnn.M Ajffaronnps mav finrinc ud after marriagefand that may be unavoidable, but true happiness cannot exist where vital prinviews enciples are in question and opposing tertained. Many young people have separated as these two did and looking at the matter and seriously hare taken up the duties of life, with the devotion that characterizes a genuine faith, have been 11 the nobler because of the . self-sacrific- e. 