f ww 'il rw VK. 75 V ( H The Rights of the Women. ofZioii, and the Rights of the Women, of: H, Y i . allations i .Jr Vol. 17. EMMA TOONE. ' And, is she dead? Tis true indeed she's dead To this cold world of misery and woe, . Yet, living in a sphere that' bright, And glorious, and hard to gain Except by those, who true to God and riht . Hate earned a title to that blest- abode.o she has Like done ; -- her-fine- THE DAUGHTERS OF ZION. Aspect," "The Death of Felicia Hemans," "The Lost Bower," "A Drama of Exile," "The Virgin Mary to the Child Jesus," "The Poet and the Bird," "The Child Asleep" and many others are very beautiful. Mrs jtciiq wn mean-some-fair Does she live in a palace- in someJbrdgnJan.cL. Or in some magnificent castle ? With its lakes aFcf ItspTrInd"arf etiiiue grand Of maidens and servants and vassals. . - Browning was born in London .1 809, and d ied at Florence in 1861. She was the wife of the "celebrated poet "Robert- - Browning.' rhe-fb- L.' Four-fol- d lowing is an extract from "The Aspect:" : O no! she lives not in palace or castle; Her few honors are scatterd I ween; -- SheJs oiiejDflheJiumbles't children of God, Vet her name she'd not change with a queen. r, Pray, pray thou who also weepest, ndjhe drops will slacken so; Weep, weep; and the watch thou keepest ' WiuiiLAuickeoountwill go. . - Think: the shadow on the dial .For the nature most undone, Wasvmoekedand derided and niiled to a tree. For gathering the heep to tfae; Foldr- "Her Station is humble, but her destiny's grand; ' If she walks in the pathway "of duty, No palace, or castle in the balmiest land, Marks'lhTpassingof the" ' , M.-- r-- -. ' F. 111 Mrs. occurs -:---:- -, to .my mind. theTibrmer So hopefully ye think upon the Dead. 1 he Best Thing in the World. VVTmthrbetth by Maylerw4mpearled; d that means no. rain; Sweet " Truth, not cruel to a friend; Pleasure not in haste to end; -and curled Beauty not une-ro- se self-deck- ed Of THE BESTTHGB ' . south-win- ranother talented English Browning, a bhe next lady, beautiful writer bute masedincher namedwntersi and is.aK J style than : should be fdled with an atmosphere of cheerfulness. Not that excess of boisterous mirth that always lapses into the very opposite on natural principles, but. preserve a degree of good nature, calm, placid and serene thatwill modify any inequality or incompatibility of force temper,- - and restrain the, of those iuclined to recklessness or disobedience-The- re are so many phases of human character that need guiding and governing in the home, that no one. be lie saae or philosopher, can mark out the regular routine of action to be pursued. The Bible says each one afYerhis" kind, but we all know, wno nave siuaiea -character, that each individual that comei into the world, ha3 some distinct originality was over-abunda- Till its pride is over-plai-Light that never makes you wink; Memory, that gives no pain; n; Love, when, so, you're loved again. What's the best thing in the world? Something out of it I think. BIRDIE CLYDEV nt " that distinguishes him from the others; euentjyjve con- - see how difficult it is to deal - justly'withallnTwent standard, and must recognize th& propriety of My Beloved, is it so? Have ye tasted of my woe? '. Of my heaven ye shall not fail ! He stands brightly where the shade is, With the keys of Death and Hades, And there ends the mournful tale: For the Exponent SOME &dT"wilFfof - 'ssxSJLi We. turn on life's bewildering track To where, o'er hill and valley plays The sunlight of our early days.'' No matter how insigniGcaiiEthfacrmay" --secmLJsievrdieless a tangiblone that a happy disposition, a cheertul felnpeTamenXTn stinctively impress others, without any volition And ye lifted up your head, and it seemed .:.;. , as if He said: . R. -- "forest-tangl- es Then Zion's fair daughters be watchful and prudent, Shun the wiles and allurements of sin; Remember the tempter's abroad in the land, . "Our early days how often back ;Work: make clear the-Of the wildest stranger-land- : Trust; the blessed deathly angels Whisper, "Sabbath hours at hand!" By the heart's wound when most gory, By the longest agony, . Smile! Behold in sudden glory he Transfigured smileron thee! , - 3 Hope: with all the strength' thou usest In embracing thy despair: ' Love: the earthly love thou losest Shall return to thee more fair. And there you will fin4 on its fine lofty peaks, An ensign unfurled to each nation; Inviting all people to come and join hands, And help in the work of salvation. And the land shall be choice, "above all other lands; When Jesus shall come in His glory There'll be nothing therein to hurt or destroy Let trutrr be yout motto and virtue your aim; And show by precept and example; That yotfre: willing - The room for your talent isample, And' prove to the world you are worthy to bear, This fair name with whjeh God has blessed you, trials, By doirirHiswflra test will you. With which He in wisdom n -- n . . - W'hen.foivd.-recolkctio.- How true .are these words of the poet, Wordsworth. 3Iany can testify that no place, was ever so dear as the home of childhood. How eminently proper that the home should be the seat of contentment, of afiVction and of true happihcssr such-ayill purify and elevate the attributes, and through these the after life of the child, nurtured within its walls. Home should "ever be shadowed by the wings of love.' Peace should be the good angel that stands at of the goddess who presides at the right-han- d the homestead. . No matter how plain, how simple its appointments, if order and harmony exist, there is a fcharm like a talisman that abides forever after, with the man of woman, and is like a beacon on the golden hills that loom up 'in the distance, and blend with the zure of the heavens 'illuminating the horizon causing and radiating to theetrcme-poin- t, to" be tinged with the roseate hue all between from one point to the other. - thus rellected ' . Endeavoring youp favor to win. . - j-y- Look, look up in starry passion, To the throne above the spheres, Learn: the spirit's gravitation Still must differ from the tear's. Shall equal her haven of beauty. She lives in a land reserved throughout ages, For a people that God could rely on; To establish His kingdom and battle for truth; And He named it the land of Zion. TheJuIIslajidjhejva presents them to view TheTcrnrrdTtlremelowf the deelgied.wUdwod "And every- loved "Spotlhat .my infancy knew,"-- Proves the presence of the sun: ' " - - ... Her people are lowly despiseoTof airnatiansl And the Savior Himself weare told, , "How dear Jo this heart are the scenes of my .childhood st : Four-fol- d A daughter of Zion, that beautiful name! Pray to whom does this title apply? Does it 4ady r That is honored by each passer by? THE IIOMlvOF CHILDHOOD. , And, now she's gone, we would not call her back Again, to suffer grief and pain, But thankful feel, that she has been released To dwell in that bright realm ' Where God and angels are, And there to await thti Ressurrection Day Where Jesus reigns. ' Wm. WILLIS. lions. Home Monthly, , together more peculiar and individual. ;;We may meet "disciples" of Mrs. Hemans, of Adelaide Procter, of Byron, Moore, Shakespeare or almost any one else but JtlwmlLdZhjr Bat rett : hard to find an imitator is Aurora ""Leigh" considered Browning. as it is also iier lengthiest. - It is inpoem deed beautiful in mauy.of its parts andthen-agaiso abstract as to be hard to understand. She deals with the philosophy of human life in a masterly manner and is a grand example of the reasoning power of wbman's mind coupled with the fine feeling and tender affection of the feminine heart. "Lady Geraldine's Courtship" is a beautiful poem. "Mother and Poet," "The Cry of the Human," "Romance of the Swan's Nest," t'The Cry of the Children," "He Giveth His Beloved Sleep," are well known in this country. "The h" j " No. 23. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, MAY l,r 188U. the Savior's words, 'judgnotthatyeben -complicated and m agnificen t j udged." How "of this in -- the Creator making 7 soul. in human the this variety diversity 7e is almost beyond our comprehension. weknoMot only knqwdris thease, but why, nor how these things 3re so. k But lest grow abstrusely metaphysical, and get far beyond my depth, I will leave these mathematical problems and geometrical thelhome of childhood. truths, andgQL baekJo " ATi7mv i f we bntrhadbetter homes all- - over the world, and fewer places of public amusement and recreation, it seems to me the generation might be benefited. However, as I am neither prince, potentate, no, nor even amem-be- r of the legislature, or of an assembly of nnirind. I have no power to help establish laws that would ultimately result in the more happy conditions of home life; therefore, I seems .the work . I It, -- 7 X 