J- -- - II I ll i II I II II I t i i I I . I II 1 0 L1 Women of all Nations The Rights of 'the Women of Zion, and the Rights of the Vor, 18. . I CONTENTS. " Selected...- . 'ZZ... ', I stood alone midst the creeping shade hands upon my head seemed laid, Where ghost-lik- e That pointed long white fingers to dark wings Circling around me with weird fluttering:;, rOutlined like frightened birds against the sky, Now brushing close my shoulders. Shudderingly I threw my arms, protecting, o'er my head, And from those glittering eyeballs fled. Bnt ever to my quickening pace they sped, , Like lost souls doomed to night, uncomforted. I cry to Proserpine; "What are these jllstarred things?" And she, from out the gloom, this answer brings: -- -- L "They are the spirits of all idle words, Fated to fill the air like frenzied birds, That must flee on forever 'gainst the night Haunting the memory with untiring flight; The careless words that human lips have sown wind-blowLike thoughtless children flinging seeds, strewn Hopes slain with thoughts by dread injustice victim can atone." . The sin for which no And I, with sad heart, turning from her knew The dumb reproach that tears could not undo. O. words, undying as the sunlit heights, S tay, lest ye wing your way thro' starless nights! n; ' . iDAMDAYisiatheJnter-Ocea- . - -.- kind of characters their children will.Jear, when they, grow up to manhood and woman- In my, humble opinion, the fathers should by right, shoulder - a good share of this . Fair Pkyr . ' Aug.. 24th 1889. A MOTHER'S DUTY. There has much been said and written in regard to the proper training of xur children, and the very great responsibilities resting upon mothers. I have had many reflections upon this subject, and thought I would write a few of them, and also the conclusion I had -- the expression, of. home governmental-trus- t. .i .111 An rn IV 4 1. n t mi 1 u rrfriri them will go no iiuriu u luey mn Ever praying for the children of Zion, and those interested in their welfare. I am as ever a friend to .- hood. faith-- : of. Zion : laboring', so insUtutions.-andVar- e , fully in the Interest-- of. the Jyouth tTc nro a few of mv feelincs in regard to We solemnly chant o'er his grave a low dirge, For him that's cut down by the VReaper'' We quit the sad scene, it fades fromour view, We forget the lone GRAVE, and the sleeper ' " C. L..W. - ' HEPHZIBAH. IX. " ' : - if How beautiful youth the golden dreams, and That love fancy to our vision bring, With what bright radiance all the., future gleams. While we just taste at the Pierian" Spring;"':"': To Hepsie her school day8 were full of joy-- " ous anticipation as well as happiness in the pored present, for she loved her studies and were clas3 over her books when others of the totally absorbed in frivolity and fashion, and in discussing social matters, for they were more anxious to appear well and gain popularity than to obtain knowledge to prepare them for lives of future usefulness. Hepsie was a long see any of way from home and did not often her own family except the sister with whom she was staying; and this good sister was much troubled in her mind over her because of her inclination to wander in the fields andwood3, and give her time so much to solitude instead of actual life of which she very well "knew there would be great need in the girl's future. She was practical herself content to "settle down," and leave all matters of great moment to her husband: which Hepsie noticed and' with her individuality could not altogether, countenance, and on one occasion when her sister had reproved her mildly for not giving more attention toher wardrobe which she sadly neglected for her books, and also to take long walks in the beech woods not far away, she in'her sisters questioning of stead of replying-t- - having a better opportunity of aquiring knowledge and understanding of those to principles, which are the best calculated, lead the youth in to the path which leads to eternal lives. It should be the duty of 'every father to gather his family around him in the evening when possible, and teach, and explain those principles that lay at the foundation of our holy religion, and how refreshing it would be to the true mother, to throw aside her cares for a short time to listen with her children, to these words of comfort and encouragement which the father should be prepared , to give who fills his mission faithfully as an Elder in Israel. She would feel renewed strength and encouragement, to go forth and fill her part of the programme, in the proper training of their children. Her teaching will have more effect. One assists the other, Mothers - have opportunity to understand the different traits and dispositions of for one so much younger, began catechizing 77.. the children, and are perhaps better calculated Mrs. Severance. all do your time waiting in their natures to mould their characters, but "Why you spend who is not as 'smart' as you are, they need strength and support which is only upon a man, allows you to have any say at gained through a husband's love and sympathy. and who never How many fathers are there, who enter their all when he is talking, even about things you does. You'll homes without any signs of recognition of any of know so much .better than he and its inmates, pick uj) a book or paper, and settle down here I suppose all your life, - in on are soon so deeply interested in the contents never know nor realizewhat is goinghusband while jour as to be perfectly oblivious to all that is around the great world outside, distinction and among men name a attain will reflect to that perthem. De they ever stop and his wife far more capable, shine haps, wife'and children, would be just as possibly, interested as themselves in the contents, if only in his light" "How very wise you think yourself little they had the opportunity. And if the father as to read aloud one, 'replied the sister,' having chosen my could: be so consuch portions as would be useful, amusing or husband out of all the world, T am quite instructive it would contribute very much to tent he should shine as ' my bright particular . the happiness of the horns circle. How much star at least." shine that should not he 13 willing you easier the children of such a family could be . "But : wife and How much more susceptibTe their is: : the point,- equality- or husband controlled " ' . natures would be to good impresions. Our i3 the standard lor me." not doe3 wives he Paul St. say about "What the children are (or should be) our glory: should fathers as well as the mothers, And my should be submissive, and also that they husbands at home? "said jMrs. S. private opinion publicly expressed is, where learn of their teoxk her the parents work hand in hand together, their in reply, "Mrs. Grovsener used to St. Paul's husband, how does that agree' with children take a greater interest in those institudeal about tions which are organized for their benefit. ideas? in fact she told me a great women helping their husband's, minister's Primary Associations, Sabbath Schools fec wives and others and she believed that women Parents should also attend them thus strengththe Scriptures publicly, and that ening and encouraging those who preside over could teach a-be- tter n flowers, How lavish we strew the sweet-scente- d of the dead, O'er the coffin, and graves deeds virtuous of their loud praise Andpeak in But while living a word is ne'er said, howsheent-her-timery-impertine- ntly : We place onJhe casket sweet emblems of love, We'pile beauteous wreaths on the lid; And award aH our praises of good to the corse Who, when living not one could be said. Sweet garlands of Lilies we hang on the bier, As tributes of love and respect; We pile his good deeds on the black coffin lid But while living we'd surely neglect. self-sacrifici-ng We deck the white shroud with amaranths' fair, d and tanned; We kiss the cheek, received the press of our lips, While in life ne'er Nor hardly the shake of our hand. tear-staine- We garnish the coffin with tapestry rich, And eulogize him that is cold W'e praise all his deeds on his funeral day, But when living, not one could be told. : these 10- - o LINES SUGGESTED AT A FUNERAL. ' I . hearsejhabarsjhj lone corpse, To its last resting place 'neath the sod; And we seemingly wish him a tender good-by- e But when living, we'd scarce give a nod. .. How costly the come to uponisome few points. It seems to be the opinion of the majority, that the mothers alone are responsible for the A VISION. - i . Hephzibab A story. . A A Mother's Duty. Law College for Women. Luncheon in the Pipe -- Woods. Aunt Em. - Prayerfulness. Mamie Tay- ' "r lor. Editorial. The October Conference. Editorial The Young Notes. A Happy Occasion. Woman's Journal. Woman Suffrage. M. . E. ' Teasdale. . Conference. R. S. Report. Relief Society-Review Queen's College.Belfast Englishwoman's Notes and Hall. Westminister Abbey-He- arth and News.; .. M Davis. Lines Ida. Vision. A Poetry. is PackSuggested at a Funeral.-- C. L. W. Johny E. Russell. September, ing His Trunk.-- S. -- No. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, OCTOBER 15, 16S9. . " How hollow the cant oer the funeral pall How freely the praise they are giving Twould be balm tothis soul, to praise the poor wretch, With a few kindly wonis, wbHe he livmg; -- 