t WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 30 such asequal suffrage will give? Verilyno? Who doe3 not know batter, that has watched the tide'of human affairs: carefully? What as our we all realize go position Young Jadies, woman of common sense, would not rather be members of the Church and Kingdom ofGod? becalled th cqualjtfJix Are we fully"alive"to the necessfty'r preparing bad an experience pet names? Besides, evby iionoraTjIb" mm whom I ee here ourselves for future usefulness? In the re vela a woman more, who is hli equal in In the practiAil use of the ballot. But in pur respects in last these to tions of the Lord days, us, given are being brought about, intelligence, than one who is his inferior. day changes many of rest solemnities the eternity He tells us to "let and one of these is woman's place in the great The old rule of woman's weakness and man's are of time the minds." things on our Though world of thought and action,' in the home, in power, will be done away with many of its 0 small compared with those of eternity, is there not tho fctate. and in tho nation for Eunraee has seducing influences, and attendant miseries, concern--"Tng- " and in the promises prophecies enough become a national " question. We J sometimes .wheri women h the things of time to fill 'our mlndrvinirade-- ' sneak ofit as woman s era so much has been There are many men every wnere yet to bo this of the let to things perishable termination, and is uuiug uuuc iu uuvaic ouu : .. LCOnYexieoU-iO-l"13-1?6!comparair veiy new world be unly a "kind . Ihe world is growing wiser every uay doctrine, of woman's equality or emanci nation, I ' I. The one main thing which we, as .youDg men in re mra to woman's position, m juci mere nn j : ,ft hpr to helievo still, th at she is nnj and women in Israel. lack, is a proper appreciaha3 been a vast improvement in the last fifty sweeter, and dearer, and niore lovable, when us. devolve tion of the duties which upon educationally, in-- , she keeps in the old beaten track of domestie-- 1 years, : If we knew that it was at the risk of our lives to dustrially ; i fe, and neve r. as pi res to thi n g bey on d t h e lany ? : so do we this If werere would in thcTStafcs The law of several 'of great: boundary domicile.- - But this will, get diunk or swear, so boast whom we Ave Americans which a of of in the presence great earthly king Republic scarcely answer for the mothers, whose children in would-lak.rauclu.have.been committed lives .we if .such our knew regard are growing upland about lo laketheir part in-tessentiallymodified e to women and children since the women themworld's great drama. Then, there is someofiences,would we, to gratify a false taste or whim, tb.6 of been selves have accordpolitibut lives? question our throw away agitating No, indeed; thing to be done; and more things to be thought do do not I nor cal I believe expect, we as all say, which word equality. to that Saints, of than looking sweet and demure; and what ing evils all the woraen when that that vote, is who of that laws the of us break man would not wish, at such a time, that his King in, many nor be remedied afflict will or removed, society wife were really prepared to take up a goodly able to take not only our lives, and end our earthly do believe will but all that cease; oppression share of the burden and obligations.. And existence, but has all power over our souls and to use their influence, have a women that right how many women are there in the world who controls our destinies through all eternity. ' laws to that are towards the. govern making S. P. must even take them all; widows, and those-worsthem and their children, and should have the than widowed, whose husbands have, . Manuscript Paper, Nephi. privilege of having a voice a3 to who shall notwithstanding all the sweetness given, all the execute the law3 of the land, and how the taxes deference shown them, given themselves up to A. SUMMIT CO., W. S. -- shall be applied and in no other possible way the demoDi alcoholtThenin jsuclf a home, is -as directtiir--2nfacnce--for-: t&n 'iv&man-exe- rt it not absolutely necessary that the wife bo A meeting was held at the Tabernacle, Coal her own and the public good as with the ballot as well as physically strong, strong-minde..til Tlmrrnf Ifni ,n tn nrrri n ?ta ihr Dimmit I in lior fiwn Tinrtfl nml T rln mnif. firmlv hrdipve tocarry"theload of iife alongfnd wheria r Co., branch of the U. V. S. A. Mrs. CluiF was to represent her and her interests at the polls? called to the chair, and Miss Brown was made. impress itself with a recognized force upon all Her vote is needed then against the dramshop. is she which in to was addressed The parpermitted questions meeting Secretary protem. Such instances are not rare; they may be found to refine thus and the of Lake who Kimball Salt S. helping M; Mrs. purify ticipate, City, by by the thousands in America, as well as in for-which the nation. . of and the be political to atmosphere envelops advantages ably, earnestly spoke lands, iney are too sad to dwell upon, I am aware that it is said by men that eign derived from such an organization. She referred but they are solemn facts nevertheless. to the intellectual stimulus such a society would women vote now, indirectly through their husbands, brothers and sons, but ojroulff. , be to its memters; preparations, .for.. its meetings And when - women sit at ease in luxurious-home- s wield the not rather herself even were power Avould involve study and mental improvement, and sar theyhave all the rights thev such the case, and especially when, a3 a literary the W. also addressed Cluflf, W. and are disgusted with those who are not Hon. meeting of wealth and influence informed me in want, lady the of a such and who are interceding for the organization society. advocating -the only vote she had at the pMLr content, The Summit County W. S.- - A.7 wasthe.n Washington, simply shut their eyes and earsrto " balltrthey was " through her colored the-cries of the wronged and oppressed; they 'rgape w.ith" forty members, fivemore have ihusband bad Jbeen .killed Tin the -- war of the .since been added- The following officers were forget, or ignore, the Savior's words, "love thy and she, a lady of culturo and reKebellion, chosen. neighbor," but to many, even of these definement as well as wealth-Twa- 3 denied repluded ones, an awakening comes, sometimes President, Mrs. Boydeh. First resentation though she paid heavy taxes and., -Mrs. Rheade. 'Second Miss she was not even sure her servant voted on suddenly, and too 'later" they ;find perchanceV" her Brown. Third Mrs. Hudson. side of the they too, are left, by death or misfortune, to Such cases and similar battle with the world. How much better to" Executive committee; Miss Ball, Mrs. Han- - ones are question. common. Woman likes best to very nah ; Eldredge, Miss Nora Evans, Miss May act her own and if there is a point to be have been prepared. ' part Cluff. Miss Lena Allison t i iSpcrcbrv Mi ri --iraiueu ...i iu -- .t.puiitiCcttujaitcr?,ut:rTOie is one If women are fortunate enough to marry a Maggie Salmon. Corresponding Secretary, Mrs. more and might turn the scale. " who supports them man Edith Cluff. Treasurer, Irs;LaviniarBeard; John Quincy Adamssaid, in defending the the rights they want,; for the services they Considerable enthusiasm was manifesred. Mrs. political petition of the women of Piy mouth, render In love, it is well. But if he fails to of the President, reKimball, that "women are not only justified, but exhibit do this, would it not be better were they premarked that she felt gratiled and encouraged at the most exalted' virtue, when do depart they " . the resuft of the meeting. from he domestic circle, and enter upon the pared to be Especially tf they have for equal work which, it seems equal , pay M. Brown, Secretary, protem. concerns ot their country, of humanity and will never have, until they have the ballot they of Jheir God." in their own hands. That is one of the im. In the days when women voted in Utah; it was very commonly remarked by us. that our portant matters to be adjusted, and working' ADDRESS TO W. S. A. AT OGDEN. individual vote was equal to that of any man's, women themselves do not seem to be aware of thi3 fact, fany of them are afraid of tho no matter what his ability, or his political Mr3 President Ladies and Gentlemen: of Woman's Eights, and will say, "I position. And to all those who understood question have the women a of Otrden I congratulate on and appreciated, the franchise, it perfect dread of women who are gave a feelAssociation au for having organized political ing of independence, ; that was .in an . always ; wanting - and ad vancemenr lfl the ' scierice""6f study elevating power. Men will assuredly respect quite willing" to accept men's wages, neverthe- realize I ", government. fairly perhaps women's opinions more, when they know thev less. and there will he caii opposition prejudice givo mem expression at tne polls. However were men and women nil awnd. to encounter, and dimculties to surmount and periencc, except to pay taxes; such women are scarcely prepared for a sudden change of which perchance they" had never thought or dreamed, and of. which they, had no THE HOPE WITHIN US. - Ibre-kn6wled- ge - secondary-consideratio- , r n. 1 " i T - I A. . .0" A - . ! J iamraaatatus and-politicall- ; y. of-herro- he e d, i ' Vice-Preside- Vice-Presiden- Vice-Preside- - i- nt t, nt, " . . -- self-sustainin- jnjpk it-se- lf, how-muc- h " vPrmmllvmt seems - onr I unwomanly end out of place, many But women are m rca itv amenable h of tho. cotintrr in wMch. ..... y "vj ,111 j v, aim u:c nf thi fWo T . - to help maintain the laws, while perhaps totally ignorant on all these subjects, having no representation and getting no practical ex. . . I : i" u thfi t nh,h ft 44 il.- - MwtTi.-Hfwrttri loT W "t . . v p"lul nt "nnwiK nf aa o- W: Sl"c cievatt5 eveu giving tnem - K.,k u, 'c nr 3UU.IVt:U fLI J i.lit ;LI III W liilHi voting; but will this, social distinction, out-- , weigh the ballot, and give them influence, -- w MAW I I in life," and .the Tvorld march- mg on with flying colors, a3 it were, to victory, even then, woman's word should be a3 potent as man's.and her voice in "alFTmaf te'ra of -- the home, the state, and society of equal importance. And there need be no fear3 of collision because men and women both go to the polls, any more than because they go lo the theatre or church together; for so long as "men retain - r . 