.5.:.: WOMAN'S Revolutionary period the - reception o f as much as the wealthy, and go on from one Martha Washington "(this included a minuet by eight couples); "the Boston tea party;" the principle to another until they find themselves in the Celestial Kingdom of God, graduated battle of Bunker Hill, with British and Ameriif you will allow the term, from ignorance and can forces, represented by the Governor's foot dense darkness into the light "and intelligence "guard and the Putnam phalanx; the execution Declaraof celestial beings. All other kinds of edur of Nathan hale; the reading OUR DARLING BABE. receive.tbis.kind of. education .ihk intelligence, Beautiful sunbeam! come down from above. To fill all our hearts with the sunshine cf love, ' To soften and melt the high ways, ice-bou- nd . That have compassed our hearts for many long days; -- Oh iair, lovely baby! come here to beguile , And allure from earth, our hearts, for awhile Giving a glimpse of Heaven to our vision , . And foretaste of pleasures purely Ely sian. of-th- . worldly wisdom, such as men boast of to day; besides his wonderful spiritual gifts pertaining to his position as the mouthpiece of God. Proving the truth of the scripture, which says "seek ye first the Kingdom.of God and it3 righteousness and all else shall be added unto you." This shows that a person loses nothing but gains much, by devoting his time in acquiring a Knowledge of his creator and how to regain his presence. My dear sisters it is our privilege to have this great educator, even the Holy Ghost, to be our constant companion. It will teach us of our duties warn us of danger, and be a lamp to our feet and a light to our path. Girls let us repent of our follies and and live up we to our privileges, that may enjoy the inspirations of God and receive revelation for ourselves. Pres. Woodruff said conference, that it is the privilege of every man, woman and child old enough to understand such things to receive revelations for himself. - What a priceless boon. It is worth living for. Girls try to live for this, and when choosing your life companions, remember it is privilege to know the will of the Lord, in jcur matter. That God will this and bless the youth incline their hearts to But while these fair thoughts pass through the brain, of regret the bright pictures stain t When we think of the struggle with life, and its cares, Its sorrows and pains, temptations and snares. Instinctively pressing thee fondly and close, We fain would protect from each cold wind that blows. Exclaiming: "O cannot our love prove to be A safeguard 'gainst ills that may over take thee?' ; . . 7 How naturally would we, had we the power, Strew all thy pathway with beautiful flowers. JVYe wQulcLne'er Jet thy heart feel sorrow's cold blight. But fill every hour with joy and delight, Bnt no, indeed no! that never would do! Our fond selfish love would thus deprive you Of a heritagegreater, and holier far--One that differs as much as the sun from the star, And this is Experience, hitter aid stern By which all the best things in this life we learn. NOTES AND NEWS. The Woman's Congress will be held in Den ver, October 8th, 9th and 10th. he annual meeting of the Pennsylvania association will be held Woman Suffrage October 24th and 25th. We have had the reign of man's tyranny: we "have had "the era of his chivalry and ' generosity, now let people rise to the full moral dignity of an American citizen and say: "Let there be justice." Womeh wereradmitted Protestant Methodist Conference which met in September in Wheeling, Virginia. It was voted by a small majority. This is the denom- inaLiqnjoXjvb ordained ministers z Miss Anthony recently visited her mother's bridesmaid, Mrs. Annie Jenks Richardson 'at her home in Cheshire Massachusetts. Mrs. Richardson is 94 years of age but reads the Woman's Tribune and keeps up her interest in thY progress of women. Probably the theory that voting would: be too arduous a duty for women to perform has arisen from the fact that this seems to be su ch an exhausting .business for men. So many of them after waking up and being lively on election day are so used up, that they have to sit around on dry goods boxes and sun themselves for months in order to recuperate. Ex. . -- all-importa- nt . seek after him, h mj earnest prayer. QMMEMQRATJODFJI&TQRICAL. EVENTS. WHAT KIND OF EDUCATION WILL , SECURE OUR SALVATION. , rrTheoryodnsn cannot be saved in ignorance," Are expressions often used by our public speakers. But they do not always tell us what kind of knowledge is necessary for our salvation. This is to all of us a very important question. If our salvation jiepend3 upon our educatipnor the knowledge we obtain in this life. I say it is of vital importance to us, that we should know of a certainty, what kind of education is required, that our time and energies may not be expended in Ithe wrong direction. If it is a college education or to become proficient in the art3 and sciences of the day, that is meant, what will become of the millions who have and who now inhabit the earth, who have not had . the privilege of attending these places of learning? A just and lovipg Father would not make that kind of intelligence a condition of salvation unless it was within the reach of all to obtain it. Therefore it must be something else thai is meant. I think the education 'repuired to save us, is the education the gospel of Jesus Christ gives those who practice its principles. This gospel which is a periect plan 01 lire and salvation, is offered wkhiiujnfmeyd "without price to all the inhabitants of the earth. And it is within the reach of every one. The poorest and most humble can ; " , ,. . Sept 9th 1889. - IN HONOR OF HARRIET BEECHER STOWE. Mrs. Harriet BeeeherStowe's infirmities prevented the famous authoress acknowledging in person 'thtestimonialr extended to hert his afternoon. The affair was at the opera house which was full to overflowing with the most fashionable" audience that ha3 assembled there for years. The testimonial took the shape of a national pageant with a series of tableaux, representing events and periods in American history, bringing to the loreground in a specially strong light the achievements of American women and the events associated with the work upon which Mrs. S to we's fame so largely rests. The aged lady could not attend and was impersonated by her sister, Mrs.: Isabella Beecher Hooker- - in a tableau in which it had been hoped she could take part, "The writing of Uncle Tom's Cabin." Physically Mrs. Stowe is stronger than a year ago, but mentally she is a little child. The testimonial has been discussed with her, but it interested her only as in her girlhood, she might have beenpleased wi th t he prospect , of a new toy or a day's pleasure. Mrs. Mary A. Livermore, acting as ly introduced the tableaux which were divided intoJour periods, viz: .'Ante-ColoniColumbus at the Court of Isabella. i m "' The lOth-an- d Constitution -- 12tb Sections : of the New . Women shall be eligible to hold the office of county superintendent of schools or any school district office, and , shall have the right to vote at any school SECTION 10 :. histo-rian,brif- 'district election. al the Pilgrimsr-T- he Banishment Annie Hutchison (this was from Boston, in 1637, for discussing doctrinal questions); The Hiding of the Connecticut Charter. ry . attheM's We know there's a work for those small hands to do, The feet must not falter, the heart must keep true, The judgment mature, and intellect grow, While you through this world unflinchingly; jovw;- And with all the wishes that mothers could make That you of life's sorrows may lightly partake, I would pray to the Father for knowledge and light, ' Invoking His spirit to guide you aright, To direct thy young feet through all thyyour--I- n Wisdom unto the fountain of Truth. "." E. R. S. M. D. , e " light-mindednes- s, . v pro-slave- ilheiMayiorthat-- a fool need not err therein' """Joseph Smith was taught of God "and was transformed from an unlettered youth, into an intelligent, educated, polished gentleman; the peer of the noblest the earth possessed, in " " tion of IndependencerT. L National and reformatory period the Bos-Jo- n broad cloth .mob, representing the; Boston .. men who mobbed Garrison in 1835; A n thony urnsrelur n edi Qa5eiyThe.de parture of ConuecticuTs first regiment, the Hartford companies of the Connecticut national guard; Woman's patriotism," representing nurses in the hospitaj; the emanipaoj)rocJL Iamation; the return of the Connecticut first regiment, represented, by Grand Army men; Mrs. Stowe, .writing "Uncle Tom's Cabin;" ."Woman's Sphere 1800,"' beings a: : New Englandkitchen,.with a mother and sixteen children; "The Woman's Crusade," representing adittle band of women in Ohio, who invaded the saloons and started the Women's Christian Temperance Union; "Woman's Sphere 1889," with the professional and business women of Hartford on the stage. The singing of Julia Ward Howe's "Battle Hymn of the Republic" closed the programme, occupying over four hours. The audience applauded tlm ost every featu re and encores were frequent. . Although given in the afternoon it was the society event of the season, and a large sum was realized for the further-unc- e of enterprises in aid of women. Hartford Jbonn., SepkJ24 cation fall into insignificance compared with this. Does not the Bible say, ''to know. God and His son Jesus Christ is eternaV,life?". . The Gospel is so plain, that it was said by ,v How comely and fair thine innocent face, Thou dost find in all hearts the tenderest plree, vT : Thy presence so soothing angelic its charms! . :" I feel nearer Heaven with you In my arms. We welcome you here in our hearts, in our home. . And say: "Little darling we're glad you have come;" "O may you remain long, to comfort and bless!' We kiss your fair brow and tenderly press You close to our hearts and say: "Precious one. Welcome, thrice welcome to hearts and to home!" A tinge 67 EXPONENT, - Oc4onialaaditigf 6t Sec. 1 2. Upon all questions submitted jo the vote of the tax parens cT thjtat and possessed of thereof. Women who, are the qualifications for the right of suffrage required by men by this constitution shall equally with m en have the riht to vote." tax-paye- . 