; a , y The Riots' of the Women - - ........... : , , .. ..frfr... ' .. . ,.,. .. ... - - . ..... of 'Zion, and the Rvhtv 6fthc:Wp V0E7 17. KE CITY," UTAH, Pit A No. 21. 77- THE POET OF GOOD DEEDS. You say that you are lonely since she hath passed awa'y How many, many loving heaits would fain: have had her Ii you would make life's, jouniev jsafff and .sure. Ue patient to endure; tct all your thoughts.be pure. , Your aspirations high, each purpose strong, -- , U. W S. A. Stay He .who knoweth- be-.ha'h said enough, she may have rest, My Crown, her Cross, shall now replace in the Mansions :t - t. The regular; monthly rueeticg of the Utah Woman Sulfrarc ... convened in the Soeial Hail, March 9th, 1889. M ,D. A lder, in the chair, Prayer IrW rf!.-- I Jr--G ran t PA4tet: m iseel an was attended to, by invitation, Hon. ..As-ociatio- Vice-Presi-deb- t. rL. . 1 - Let every ill be borne with patience trust, And learn from day to day, To bear your cross along an even way; 'Twill win for. you the star crown of the jusV And leave upon your robes no soil of dust, Upon your souls no stains of cjinkeringlrust. ' 1 see upon the Picture of our dear old Hall, the Place Where we looked for her in meeting, then the Tokens sad. -- -.' I trace; - That says her place, k varnt. hc his grvr.e to meetiier I . -- .'.'".' God, ' .' (irantj mado t he Hv-I, eouS-Iju.in- e.-s fol lowing speech: -- - ' A: - . Whose path "through life in meekness, .'he hah humbly firmly trod. j with interest and attention totbenuiiut.es that have been' read of the last that I am in te rested meeting. I .can I have '.li-ite'- myself, in the nmvement, lor which this AssoI lelteve, and' have ciation i labofirg Here too, I see made by a warm, true eart, - : many ytars, that it' is the right of il ie's work of Art; Now resting from his labors, Our thoej!lif'Sjha,t bear their-- proportion of the in tottage and in hall, T" j lie has leffa livingmt-numenWllTens of governmrUT, to have .equal rights And will be missed by many, for he was loved by all. and privilege with the men if they wish to. Now I would send a flower from my home 'neath sunny I couf. ss that there are of the sky, duties, devolving upon those who manage ihe -never can In token of a friendship, that h' ver, die; public affairs in territories, cities, and the A wreath twined all of Myrtle, place them upon each . general government, that I think, instead of ' grave, being elevating, would be the reverse to' the And may .eace and love' be with you, in His name who ladies. At the same time, the great majority ' Hor-Edied to save. of the duties devolving on a citizen of the country, can be equally shared with the ladies; TiiE GIKLS. and to the gi cut benefit of all.' I remember in our legislature, some years ago, there was a in set.'' I often wonder if "the girls of our bill introduced giving the" ladies a right to look back old ever time" the years of the go.-hold office. TlureWas considerable opposition do. There were I and enjoy themelyvs-ato it, and come of it very marked. I " Leave scorning to dwell in Down in the marl-pit- s the-proud- and , . huts, and the moral ruts, V fall whose souls herein men J? "The greed of gain o'ermasters and controls. r lt clay-bui- V t Go, cheer the sorrowing; feed earth's hungry souh, Starving for bread of 1 fe, Weary and worn with watching and with strife. - They need our heart's best prayer, . The gentle, tender care That soothes with pleasant words and acts of love, The bruised hearts that seldom look.ahove .,. Their idols made "of clay, ...... .That.fade.so soon away, And leave them mourning like a wounded dove. V hose mate is dead; or, faithless, learned to rove To other bowers within a neighboring grove. some-portion- s . r. d s Cheer on the youngs whose race is just begun; on iya re wafm?; Sustain the aged forms liowed Ibw beneath life's storms; Bless those who rise; encourage those who I l'.-..- , I They are our brothers still! oh, bless them all. will tke blessed seeds Thus . ye sow on earth in the field, That, springing up and whitening A hundred fold shall yield V Of fruits for human' needs, And men will bless you tor those golden seeds, . And angels call you "Poet of good Deeds. . Belle Bush, New Belyidere Seminary, jersey. ' Ike Phrenological Journal. '. . but oh, Inc. iljg so rich in cfli.uil then when . have the view ynn sent mejofjhe dear familiar place, And memories ccmeTo'er m eT wbTch TtTme cinnot efface; 1 see the loving tokens for the dear departed one, Whose earthly love and -- anxious, care, for, others weal is done. I met henJast and parted fari far away from home, We little thought 'twould be the last while here on earth we we mvt, more, . 1 "last.'; "' :v. ' I've been thinking of the many homes made brighter when she came, "7" T same. the be never can !wse'"hour5'.pf .glad.reunian Where there will be a vacant chair, -'tilf time , shall be no more, .1 And mother, Lsister, friend we meet upon the Golden Shoret ; . '"L , . I've stood beside her in the dance, and by the bed of pain, Her hands seemed never tired, neither the heart or brain; , jut ever, ever striving, to comfort, cheer arid bless, 7js. soredis-tresof world A rock of strength and shelter .'tn. this - - . T 1 r 1 T 7 w . t. M i . restless fee toft ended us, and wnere most ot us have since lam one or more tr our ariiiigs. We are scattered afar, now, but few remain Some were t i, wm a nf fttir ehildhood." d riven by ad verse' circu mstahecs and some by - -- . -.--- Kind words of sympathy and hope, whose memory will ' ' of theI' number ..of bast r. : -..- riewsr r and I have hot the-ridesiLQiLsomf . have her letters sent me, from California's shore, prized them very highly then, I'll prize them now the .; 'meet- - "ofi i fei'aiityfn'thti J' I Oar those who favored granting this right; and I iUd- ti?Arimr hnlL "thought those who "contended, showed a lack hnii-- t were baked in the ings, how sweet the potatoes coals, how often we were comforted when the ''corn in the band", was a? we guessed it when, " : lisu pposi ng he loves y oil was theTju e?tiori, timf wj- - girU would 3lnd No doubt we werf Torn boys, reallv tee-tebut i thank God that ou r hoyd.nim id not. Now we "girls" are mature lead, to sin. w0menfHo--wbor- a mai would appear as trifles light as the air, were it not for. the sun shine of those days that so.iar;have cast a radiance over our nves. We are all mother o? . larue. ianiriie.; except s And Clara too was with her.. peace, 'peace to both I pray, od grant they both liaye enteredTn, unto a brigtiter aay. .... ) i TO S. M. KIMBALL. 1 I h liappiue-s- . 'tliattras-nrot-"je- o cruci jttC rtst that upon all true care and responsibilities . women that try w wa ,,'lur Tbougb ovt jAmp tunpi? tries uie soui?, anattre ii.. hearWnihrobg itb;pam'at the tbought pi; home and the many irienos uiti.. r gladdened by as my heart is jwarmed -- y-- we:have-aglorjQuab- -- o a-c-d , sweet1 memories t-ie- el blessings for 4the girls." Mr of Sorosis. - to ; : God's hoidest y-- ilietz Clymer is elected prendent " changed in my opinion, coming; to the present time. It is generally considered that a lo'w c!a-- s of jeople congregate at the polling j)3aces, but., those of us who took the trouble to notice the conduct of the people at Well pi aces in this eity, prior; to he time .the legislature grantyig th franchise to women," and the condition after, would sec a marked tism VY11, the isposit ionof improvement; took its place. I disappeared, and order the to if we were right of voting,;, grant to the women,:that the men that hold office wauid be ot a higher type than those who-ho- ld -- -- -- of, o 1 -- . n- -'t frt-rtc- hri ds, would appear dregs, and dres?ebvhat"'to-da- j as very plain, we used to' dance as much, or more than the well ; (Ireed lelle3 -- of- tofayv How we used to make our wheels hum, and . " UUl llljil.-l-- ntl - p wtr enjoyment than its commodious succPifr"" Then we were very pmu i of ji new jjo-e- y -- IN MEMORIAM. Lrttii.-.-,, t? ri remem-"tyerlii'khic- 'tvhichwasb . OF" REBECCA JONES ' - . . . . j-i- be-lie- ve fact that among sensible and honorable men, in the various country,-almos- t sections tf-twithoutexcep the exception, tio.n, I believe that Utah 3 beneath the however, )jjitics isjigonsidjred notice of the better class of citizens; and it is to the office seeker, that governs our , saloon-menand what is known country;-- al .a- - the lower class , of the people, not lower as far as .wealth is, concern ed, but m morals. is overrun with just New York city, such a cjasa- of people. In Chicago they are standing, upon a volcano almost, because of a lack of honesty of the men who. govern in that section of the country. Those- who elect officers, the" foreign element that has come there and have sworn allegiance to the govern ollice to-da- Jt y. is a be to-da- y , to-da- y, - - raeut, are filled, with NihiHstlc desiresalthough all tne rjfe?skto LegisUture here, to grant the women the the)Jiaye .s pnvneg uri to t hem. Those of us who are Morm oris, know how energetically our so called friends try, and get the right for the ladie3 to vote, thinking, that the Mormon trouble AVOuld" be sol ved: by . this, means. The Utah fought to. "fgfel laturertMknhir 