v . WOMAN'S, EXPONENT. 34 j had a friend in whom 'she reposed great con- TaVhimaid the lady. "WelT, if you ever had seen him," you would think so; ane- everyfidence, living in ii town about thirty miles so,"- "Well, 'Old Furnace' thought : i away, the. wife, of a clergyman, who hadedu--no. body at ..the .. . i i .i -never,'-said-t- he whose and I green spemciea lauy.agauj,. superior daughter of her own, are "what about, the uiq rur accoraidishtnent.-you and talking cation wouW'J)egreat - advantage to- - Hfcprie:iri leve!oping-herr-unform- ed father, the man who owned the old factory atB?" character, and so 'twas settled at home with the family, and preparations were rapidly "Well, I do declare; no wonder you .thought him grand, why everybody in these parts made for the journey. Letters were intershe changed between Mr.-?-. II. aud Mrs. G., and knew him: and "as for his wife, though, almost the latter was given instructions in regard to died long ago, when I was a little girl I rare beauty, hut disciplining the miud and character of the worshiped her. She was a what an ugly name sne nau, nepuziuau. eccentric child whose guidance she was about said the child quickly, "but; The new dresses and other "That's mv name." ;to undertake. ' " wearing 'apparel awakene but little; interest they call "me Hepsie nowadaysf "Well?" well! l never um, iuu uiu iauy in thii unsophisticated child, but the thought Why he. of leaving the. dear old places the familiar aain and asrain, under her breath. have must he or seven ecenea where he had. spent her happy child- was very old, ninety-sibeen." hood almost overcame her and she wept bitter-- ; was she going : Hepsie had wakened early that morning and ly when. she was reminded that However, she was just she had become so exhausted witn crying mat among strangers. s beginning to learn that life was' not all made . after answering manv more of the lady in coach up of fancies, and indeed the death of her terrogations she fell fast asleep in"-t-the : t 'grandfather bad worked a radical change in and forgot her great sorrow, y Jt was late in the afternoon ere they reached the tenor of her thoughts. She was more the place of destination, and the old, lady in fccrious and contemplative and earth was not nor the future so unreal as the green spectacles had been put do wji at one quito'so rosy-bue- d had of the towns on the way. The stage-driveheretofore. leave Hepsie, and arbeen directed where-t- o One delightful May morning "when the lilacs were in bloom, aud the fragrance of the riving at the parsonage just outside the centre of the town of M., he stopped and' lifted the apple blossoms sweet upon the air, she dressed herself with more than usual care, for this was" little girl out. Mrs. G. was in waiting, and to bo her advent out into the great world, came out to. meet her; the driver lifted down 4runk al hfci t only An raiL.adj ukiijig to wn, w hither sh e -- the little-ha- ir lown fehe carried it up the step?. She and wardrobe had never been; tripped lightly the stairs though her heart was sad, and out, had never been away from home alone before into the grove at the back to say adieu to the and was so'timid that she trembled with fright, Tree3 and rocks, aod brook for she had loved .besides she had been forewarned that she thera ail with a childish simplicity. She could not "put on airs" with Mrs. Grovesner. The lady inquired kindly if she were tired, gathered a bunch of violets and pinning thcm daintilyiin herblakdrpsfheweatun -- and asked concerning her mother's health, and to the - brot hers and sisters - then ushered her into a large, square, to say good-by- informed Ifwas .time for" her" to retire. Mrs; Grovesner showed her to a little low chamber, and the a. long way from, the sitting' room, hall . and stairways weresodark, Jhatshe. shivered with fear for she was in some respects -- , -- ? , 1 ii-i- i' x a jCQ w art! ; e ;weepingbitterly..alLt was untaxed, though the choicest morsels had been prepared, for. ;lier. and a nlca lunch tor . asto m the journey. Gloomy forebodings were in her niiud at the thoughts of. leaving her dear ones, .jand .goingibrth .aloDe. She had never: seen Mrs, G., and the idea" ehe. formed of her was n.t at all prep nsesdug. Finally the moment came, the sound of the carriage wheel3 and the lumbering old coach drove, up, Hepsie and climbed into the kissed them all good-by- e stage, her eyes nil L ofJears aud .her throat with sobs; the driver cracked his whip with a great flourish, and the tour fine horses darted forward lown the road. Looking on t back "of the coach window, shesaw her stately undent stratTve mother going up the lilac walk slowly, and wipiug ner eyes witn her apron. fairy bower." rhoffle-the-hildrerrmatlernr- tsn t -- dead,-and -- I'm- going- - ttr proud to care for usl I hate xriy nncle for he basdocked up iny grandpa's house,; and says he'll have.it pulled down; and that's T Tthefreason-i'ineuaway, because I cried so much for grandpa and the old house." "Weil, well to bejure what alchatterbox-anadded the old lady, "you'll soon forget all about it." "No, I shan't" said Hepsie, "he was the grandest man you ever aw "I never -- , I i mi ii.- - auu uieir cnuutT luugnier. xne minister tor the husband of Mrs. Grovesner .was the Rev. Erasmus Grovesner, looked very solemn and Deborah," forw hedesignated LHepsfequeri her, he spoke so cold ly; for t he child IJiadJieard- -, her grandpa talk' a great ''"deal'ouTloveTaio!'-of his undying love for her grandmother; and t though she could not kno w exactly what love "rneliht; still it embodied her childish idea of true happiness. Mrs. G. was (Occupied with some plain needle work, and Hepsie scarcely knew, what to do with her hands;, and - was very restless; besides she wanted to ask a lot of questions, but sUc dare not for the silence to her was something painful. ; Fiually prayer was offered in such a stately way, and'noTthe least impressive to the child, and Hepsie was -s- I haven't any relatives except my uncle and cousins in Boston; and they are too school, aud aeiTy 1 ur-- any--way, d as -- pass- 7 i .. out-sidew- weptr There were twoor three- - other passengers and one old lady in green spectacles, who asked Hepsie inquisitively where .her mother was; then seeing the black crape on her dress she gaid. JtO your mother a .dead, poor thine! and "I s pole y our -- going rich relations:' , s, The bouse itself viewing it from the reman tic as the one she quite-a- s had - loved so -- well, -- andrHepiefouiid'dier self wondering if the long dark passages under the sloping; side3 of con taiired WTiiahyl(Ipaper3 as there was at" her grandfather, and if so, whether Mrs. Grovesner would let her rummage them over, and sit and read all day. in the garret as she used to do sometimes in the past. When night came the house seemed gloomyCand Hepsie wondered and was awed by the stillnes3,'for at for she thought grown women never cried, except when some one was dead. Her own tears wero falling last,'' but childish grief is not of Jong duration, and she soon iorgot her double in the excitement of the journey, the - cause her to compare it with grandpa's dining-rooin fhe old, old house, i'rom which - she was now as she believed shut out forever. Everything was bewilderingly strange. After partaking sdmerefreshrnen V :a.s" i t' 'was h'ot ti me tor "tea," Hepsie walked out into the garden, and there again she was reminded of the farm. The shrubbery was charming,, and the dainty perfume scented all the air; the ground was covered with pretty , pink and white leaves, and . the gardenseemed like a apple-blos.-om- -- y-nmther" " " fci ' -- Poor flepsia imaginedherself cruelly treated, and at once conceived the idea of writing her life and making this the first chapter. She repeated over and over the multiplication table and then all the. verses .she overflowing. knew, and while thus engaged fell fast asleep. ' To .be continued. THE LADY DOCTORS OF INDIA. tlmt-contained-Hep- . to-yo- " s": " r 4ovy:FceMryThlH)uirwTiich they, were ing and the strauge faces aroundiejl--- ix ahjl. her mind. The woman took no WPrA virirf notice of the child, she had been requested to this was the discipline her, and considered, firmness proper course to take, and, it required such a undertake and she, was just the one to '" task. The little room was still a3 the grave, and the bed looked as though no one. had ever slepriiTifyMr: G. ut the candle'down" and said "trood uiht ," and; in a inoment Hopsie L fell-tsoliloquizing as usual, I'm sure I can't sleep, what a dismal place mis is, now quiet aud gloomy. So thw is the beginning of the discipline mother said 31rs- - G. wouhl give me;" and by thi3 time dhe had burst into tears, childish relief, and pfttim.es. a blessed relief to older children too, when the heart is full to -- IIeiiiejwjiiierlaJeraother u .m irt poke-only-to "fe - . r V. " The Englishman's Overland Mail" says: In India lady doctors are now familiar to us, and although at first they may have been somewhat ridiculed by those who could not appreciate their value, they are fast making their presence felt ior good almost m every land. Sofar-as-t- he corner of-t- he native women of this country are concerned, it is :OTatifying-tO"Potethatth- eir success in all branches of college education i3 progressing to the i entire satislaction , ot' their professors. Not only have they proved themselves to be generally well fitted for the arduous duties at- tenuant on medical studies, but they have in some cases succeeded beyond all ordinary expectation. Bombay, Madras, the North West Provinces, and the Puujaub all return flatter- ing reports on the subject, and when we say that a, class of female students can average over 700 marks out of 1,000 in a surgical a3 we hear has recently been the case, little, can be said, against their power, or skill, or aptitude for gaining knowledge in one ex-amianti- on, r5dicaF HhenraoatimprtahTbOT not profession. Indeed, it appears unlikely that women in India may prove themselves by. no means inferior to men in most. branches of the practice of medicine, if the progress made by native females in hospital work may be taken as a criterion. Inmany cases they have proved themselves superior to male students in college examinations, and in no way behind them in application, power of reasoning and resource., ifce tact that much of their success is due to the great interest taken in their studies by their lecturers and professors is not wunout a certain special significance. - - . The colden moments in the strpam nf Jifn Tmib'-pasrusTatidlves- nothlnff angelso'me to visit us. and -- we iut "sand: the" nnlv know'fhem wherrthey arerg6ne.1trgQrffe Eliot Run not into "debt, either for wares sold or money borrowed; be content to. want things that are not of absolute necessity rather than Ao fun up ine score.-o- if J. Hale Our brains are seventy-vea- r clocks. The angel of life winds them up once for all, then ciofces the case and gives the key into the hands of the angel of the resurrection. 