I: WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 188 sent forth a, unbersaishoutThe Presi YTT wo MAN'S Exponent -- dent again bowed to the people and then retired from a scenesueh as the proudest monarch never enjoyed?' The ball wfiich was to have been given on the evening of Inauguration Day was postponed until May 5th, 1789 Of the ladies who were present on that occasion much has been said and written and the subject has been revived during the last few weeks, and the dresses and jewels worn by them : v ' Published Ike in Salt City, Utah. Tertos: on copy one year, 82.00; one copy six months, 51.00. Ten ' roples for the price'of nine. Advertising rates: Each equafe, ten lines of nonpareil TpaeeTimff to regular advertisers. r ., South Temple1 Street, second ExroXENTofflee, gate east of Deseret News Office. Business hours "froia 10 a.m to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. ' Address all business communicAlionto seral-monthl- - timesorr No.-25E- -P- UBLIgllEB : - ' r . Entered at WOMAN'S EXPONENT,-. the-Po- astheir eli illustrious-narmesreceiv- due-prominenc- ed Salt Lake Cm Utah.' a death of his little son, ManningjBeatie Weils, who palf pastfive p m. departed His death was peaceful and wholly free from pain,', sinking as though falling into a profound slumber, the immediate cause. being partial paralysis of the. throat. He was, no doubt, ushered into the presence of angels, who Rejoiced at bis coming, though unseen to those who waited by his bedside with sobs and moans. For the father, in his lonliness, so suddenly be reft, the most intense sympathy is felt. But he consolation the of ,, has thejpromises of the Gospel his loving care and constanfattention. Washington danced in the co ti llio n and : i n the. minuet at this ball. ' The general centennial celebration of the ratio n of George "Was h ington took placein New York on'the 10th of April last, although in all parts of the United" States" there were services and ceremonials and it was observed -- everywhereasajNational holiday. Utah was not an exception to the general rule. In the large Tabernacle in Salt Lake City, also in Ogden and in Provo, there were suitable services, speeches and music. The orator of the day in Salt Lake Xity was Lieut. R. W. Young a grandson ofJBjihanung.. Second Clast Matter May City, WASHINGTON'S 15, 1889. INAUGURATION. On the 30th, of April a century ago in the city of New York a ceremony! took place which has justnow been commemorated throughout the ; United States in a fitting manner after the lapse of a hundred years. The inauguration of George GrearR-publiWasngtoTfKe Erst is an event of such importance that the nation can well afford to celebrateswith charac- . teristic observancestbe hundredth anniversary. "First in war, first in peace, and first in the hearts prelefiHe and President. After all these. long years his name is everywhere spoken with tenderness and '. reverence. An interesting and memorable centennial celebration of the anniversary of the first inauguration Sisindeed a- just and honorable tribute to the memory of this illustrious General patriot and states- man, andwakens in the hearts of the people an appreciation of the blessings that have come down to them as a heritage from the efforts and labors of those heroic men whom God inspired to establish religious liberty and freedom upon this 1 goodly land, America. ..Li:'jrr: New York City Was very different then from The ceremonials of the time what it is were however very grand and elaborate,and the display was on amagTiificent scale. 7The fotmal official ceremony took place in the Senate Chamber of the Federal State House, which looked out upon B road Street, , VThe windows and the roofs of the houses were the throng was so dense that it seemed as if one might literally walk on the heads of the people. The balcony of the hall was in full view of this assembled multitude In the centre of it was placed a table with a rich covering of red Velvet and upon this on a crimson velvet cushion lay a large and elegant Bible." j ; rrovo uisnop c . "Hail! Wedded e: love, at the residence of Major W. W. Woods, in Murray, Idaho, the aged Father Joset of the '6ld Mission," officiating.. In this marriage the vriter has. a particular interest, the bride being her grand-daughtVerona May Woods, who only few months.ago left the city with her parents who moved from here to Northern Idaho. The young lady was for some time an employee of this office and her face was familiar to those, who are in the habit ; 6f frequenting it from time to time. The bridegroom is Mr. Barry N. Hillard, of Murray. formerly of San Francisco. The youn? couDle started the morning of their marriage on their wedding tour coming direct to this City where Mrs. Hillard has many relatives and friends; er crowded-and-inthestre- ets . They were merat thgiiepot on their arrival the evening of May 2d. by a party of ladies, with a warm welcome greetings and. congratulations and a profusion of flowers. They remained here only a few days, the time being fully occupied with TTisTts and "calls. They left on the morning of Ma v 7tn, lor nicaga wnere ney will spend a fewHays- m sight-seein- g returning home via the Northern Pacific R.R. taking in St. Paul's and Minneaopolis enroute. May every blessing possible rest upon the newly wedded pair and the richness of love's -- fruition crown : ": theirlives. balcony was announced by universal shouts of joy and welcome. His appearance was most solemn and dignified. Advancing to the front of the balcony he laid his hand on his heart bowed severaHiroesnd-thTr-retire- d to aa; arhvchaTr tableT-The near the pulap'peardtaoder stand that the scene had overcome him' and were at once hushed in profoun d silence. After a few moments Washington arose and came forward, Chancellor Livingston read the oath according to th e form pr escribed"! Dut happy theyl the happiest' of their kind! Washington repeated it resting his hand upon the Whom gentle stars unite, and in one fate table. Mr. Otis theSecTetaryf theSenateythen Their hearts, their fortunes, and their, beings blend. took the Bible and raised it to the lips of Washington, who stooped and kissed the book. At this moment a signal was given by raising a flag A SAD BEREAVEMENT. upon the cupola cf the hall for a general discharge' of the artillery of the Battery. All the - bells in Only a few months agb we published the death the city rang out a peal of ioy, and the' assembled J of the wife of Heber M. Wells, and now it be- - -- -- . '7 - ' - Manning was born in this and was a most sensitive and interesting child,-Fohdlattachejd.to' his'motheiv. he seems to have longed for her ever; since her death in October last. His last words to his agonized father who sat by bis dying bed, breathed more than whis pered,were, llPapa 7 City-August,i88- y J,'gcjkhomeikingl significant and prophetic were those parting;; words. Who shall say that this little child had not an intuition of the joy of meeting his beloved mother; and that just upon the verge of that "better Jand," h e paused to breathe th is farewell to the beloved one he was leaving "" ' " behind. ' ' . -- 'Better than earthly presence, e'en the dearest- Is the great blessing that our partings bring; For in the loneliest moments, God is nearest, . And from our sorrows heavenly comforts spring, If God be with us' ;!Th$ Perpetual fountain of domestic sweets." - On Tuesday at half past 8 a, m., the 30th, of April 1889, a marriage ceremony was solemnized y. l;YashingtpA's';Jentrance--path- wniiney aenverea tne ora WEDDING BELLS. 1 General r. tonal address. Both these young gentlemen acquitted themselves admirably and delighted the assembled popuIace.In Salt LakeXity the Hon. Geo. Q. Cannon made a thrilling patriotic speech we should be glad to publish in full the speeches made on the occasion but that is not practicable. The daily newspapers give full reports of the wonderful proceedings, parades, speeches and music, in all the cities and towns throughout the country. Hereafter we may give some sketches of the proceedings in New York City. - to-da- kj. ; They are not lost i They are within the door 'l hat shuts out loss, and every hurtful thing With angels bright and lored ones"gonet:fore, la the Redeemer's presence. evermore, And God himseif, their Lord, and judge and in-au- gu Salt Lake til-d- uty inf , e. The ball was given in the Assembly Rooms' whicIT were'In a "large wooden bliTldinj standing upon the site of the Old City Hall or at 7i57Bfoadway"wheieth About three hundred Were present and it is said : (Ua-MiCidtke:OityfVt(&, st as-w- -- again-our-pa- .this-'HfeIay'iofei- 1 Editor. EMM EL A B -- B. WELLS, comes- funeral was held at " the residence Suh day, May 12, at 12 m., Bishop O. F.Whitney presiding. The speakers were Bishop Whitney, Elder John. Nicholson, and Apostle H. J. Grant. The singing was almost heavenly ; and the casket in which lay the form of the little one was literally buried with flowers, tokens of love from those who mourned. At the grave the scene was pitiful but all that could be done, to comfort the father and relatives, seemed to have.been accomplished. The grave was dedicated by Apostle H. J. Grant, and the choir sang ''Rest on the hillside." - SILVER, WEDDING. Quite a large party of friends of Mrs. Emily If. VVoodmansee assembled at her residence in this City on the evening of May 7th, to offer their con gratulations on the anniversary .of her wedding years previous, and to express day twenty-fiv- e 3heii; esteenrfor one who has contributed to home literature in Utah. For more than thirty years Mrs. Wbodmansee has written from time to time, poems that have voiced the sentiments of the "Mormon" people; and which invariably con tain the true ring o gi Its. ofr silver' articles wereLtrfooghL as sma 11 tokens of friendship and the appreciation of her labors. The house was handsomely decorated" with flowers and brilliantly" lighted-fo- r the occasion. One thins: detracted somewhat from the enjoyment of the affair ; it was the absence ofvone of the principal parties in the contract twenty-fiv- e years ago Mr. Woodmansee himself however the guests were fon pleasure bent," and there was much feasting and merriment Several fine singers rendered favorite melodies and simple ballads awakening sweet and tender memories, among them were Mrs. Maggie Romney once a 'popular songstress, but whom we seldom bear IT 