P ON ENT. ! WOMAN' S 56 dragging wearily through life, a burden to themselves and those around them. "A sound mind in a sound body" is a thing of wonderfu- l- pendence cannot entirely dismember England from the United States. In language, morals, sentiment and race thev are identical. At thi3 place there was ajcustpm jnthej)ldenjimeJW nails in a hope- the theriif to count sixty-on- e hoe, as a proof of education, Ji3oniy well .in structed men could count sixty-onl jiis incident is instructive, too, showing as itd6es what advances have been made in learning. capabilities- A chilOhuaend.ojyedison.J stautfy upon the lookout for information. It finds it in the conversation of its parents. The companionship of a cultivated person is sa If, unfortunately the powerful educator. vto sur, circumstances- - which parent, owing in what is this his rounded respect, youth, not, To be continued. he wishes his child to be, he must put forth livery energy qf niind. siud body to overcome these deiecis. --lie will find work; OU5E II UND THE AlXrfiJIO He can never" be ''as one to the manner born." But he can do a great deal toward, It has often been affirmed that woman is the fitting -himself to be such a companion for his tJ InsnTrer . not the creator, or art: but what- child a3. he could wish him to have. ever parrtheay-EiistaireithrinHtJorig, .More important than all else is the religious or in its ad vancement, it - cannot , be denied training of children. Few'people, of whatever that in the field of what, we understand as profession, would purposely, or even willingly,, domestic art, she stands in the foremost ranks. keep their son3 and daughters in ignorance of If not the executor, she is the designer, of the Him through whom "we live, move and have - many ornamental trifles OUr being;" but how may one teach another Trifled, tbey are, and while we assemble who has not himself been "Be what taught? ' the wealth of tidie3, lamp phades, table covers, would be child touches a to have your you teacozies and the like under that general head, parent's experience at every, point, and only few of us fail to acknowledge that these same when we have learned and appropriated Uiis are the key notes of home ornamentation. important maxim, shall we know how to train Fancy wortthe term is frequently used in our children. derision;- yet, let the game maa who describes TJie Phrenological Journal. it go into a house, however beautiful by the art of the upholsterer and professional decoratorand he is moved to exfclaim, 'It is beauti3.The leading spirit of Santa Ynez, Cal., is ful, but it needs: touches here and there." said to be Miss A. J. Hails, a Massachusetts Perhaps he does not hkuself recognize what school-teacheShe went there several years these same are. They are nothing, yet agonearlydelid with thingrW teaches the village school, superintends, the fiugers, stimulated by home affection. Domesholds at present a high Sunday school and the V. C. T. U., and is the tic iorce behind every good word and work. position, and not for the first time, by any The good dames of all means. been wont tobreak the tedium of their days OBITUARIES. Ty fashionuig useful decorative, conceft; from time to time, however, as other pursuits sprang-ihtDied at Alpine, Arizona, on the 28th of June r favor, the housework would ianguishvIt Js claimed thayh daughter of Lois Hamblin and, Hubert Burk. given it by women of true artistic temperaDeceased was born Jan 1. 1876. She was a regular at- ments, who bring to their work an interest, m - 5 e. vemm) ON SALE TO . -- AJL,Xj ' PRINCIPAL POINTS in--de- ed -- it-h- ard - r - EAST, WEST, NORTH and SOUTH - in . that-characteri- her-home. ze TICKET UNION OFFIGE, - Main Street, Salt Lake City. C. E. INGALLS, J. V. PARKER" ' ' , Div. Pass. Agt, City Pass. Agt. . " .THOMA; - .. EAGLE r. EMPORIOI SAtT. LAKE CITY. -- rk The Leading Retail -a- gea-haveH . Oasli o 1889,-affc- -- airw 'Associations, and held the office of Treasurer in I the ' Sabbath Schcol and Primary.'' Her parents have the sympathy of their many friends in this sad bereavement, this being the fifth time they have been called to mourn the loss of a dear one taken from theirlittle flock 7" ... r:Z ":il.L,2- - .. '..'S " The remains ot her grandfather Jacob Hamblin7were removed from Pleasanton, during her illness,-tbe interred in this place. She often expressed a desire to be well enough to atttnd his funeral, but was called home before the arrival of Uie remains. Just previous" to her death a holy peace seemed to pervade her tired being, and she spoke in endearing terms to her departed Grandfather as if he were present, and closed her weary eyes in sweet slumber to awake no more till the great last day, when we all hope to meet the dear ones gone before unusual importance. THE TRAINING OF CHILDREN. The chief difficulty with those,who have the management oi children lies in the fact that theyjhave not yet learned to manage themselves. The training of "a child has to do.with its physically, intellectually, and - religiously, and only one who is himself r iu trained these matters is capable of properly : : directing another, i s It is a lamentable fact that of the people wezmeetTarerchfonic ivalidsjsejdonr dowrsick perhapvbut never wellf neveFIn a condition toenjoyjwithout painful reaction whatshould be the natural activity of mind o well-bein- g . r two-third- " E. ; They undertake but little, accomplish less; are never equal to an emergency, and, in fact, get from their lives a small amount of the eniovment which is ; their- dup. How much qf this is owing to mismanaementi in childhood, it becomes each parent e duty to .v .z--- . y ;:r inquire: y All parents should understand enough about -physi6logy -- to be ablrta deal wisdywilhbeTr . children's, bodies :irom the bfgioiiingrand"to teach this important sX udy to. tfi'emas soon as they are old enough to comprehend. Many important branches are taught in the schools, but physiology, if taught at all, is not dune in that :wbt)lesouted manner it is. the parents' duty and privilege to do at home. It this matter was properly attended to. there 'trm-"ha fewer, nervous, dyspeptic men and women C. Died in jeasdale V'ard - Augus the Lovina 4th, 89 C. Prstchett, beloved wife of Thomas M. lYitchett and daughter of Thomas and Ann Hehinger, born at Burks Garden, Farzwell Co., Virginnia. as Baptized a member of the Church of Latter-daSaints Sept. 1862, gathered with the Saints, Sept. 1866. Received her blessings in the House of God in 1868. Sister Lovina has had delicate heatili fdr years; was the mother of four living children.was in every way worthy of the name of a Latter-daSaint. A and muscle. - D y f uerfaitWtd,-loTinifeTan- a Society, the meeting having been held at the house of a friend, where she was vUting, for her convenience. She was full of faith In the principles of the Gospel and lived sa 0nslen w)th diedas she had Hved in hope of a glorious Ressurrection with the just, leaving a daughter, and loving husband who cherish hex memory and mourn their less. je . - ) - J. S, C t rnSOMAS Special to the Ladies. -- Courrier Journal. r R H onse -- AT TEASDEL'S found tin latest Will be styles and pxoductions . In LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES And an elegant assortment of JDttT GOODS; Special department for Ladies' Misses' and In : r rant's Shoes. 112, 114, 116, 118 East Temple Street I. MAGGIE C. ' SEIPP Will commence a class in OBSTBTBICS rr-- .- MD HUESIHS On Monday, October 14, '89. Course, Six Months- - Tuition, $50.00. For further particulars address . :DHaVIeSHlPPy 34 S. Seventh East Street. Tl N U ERS C AS, WATE R & TE A M FITTER S PrS!eat fr RUMSEB celebrated LIFT and FORCE . ruiui'sj. Pumps ReDairAfi r. -- h.. nt, tue country promptly responded to. amtisj, Elvis jAiesSr-Be- s - ..-- r: mt SLUtuzrmrr . 