us; WOMAN'S EXPONENT. w'e "May t S4 rrayer ov liro. uaie. 1 us anew. -1 oinging-- the joyful sound." preceding conference, were who know Minutes of the read by thesecretary andunaniraously adopted. Pre3. J. S. Richards was thankful for the pleasure of meeting again in conference. as. glad to see so many present; had vi3ited by the President, Hr3. made. . Richards , and toasts, wjth' singing, some appropriate " Reports , Iadi . bal- - . On th,e 28th we took the afternoon train on in Huntsviile in a prosperous condition. the I). tfc R. G, for Price, which place we Sister Adeline Belnap gave a favorable rereached' at half past six o'clock, and then a had-been said ride of 25 or 30 miles to Huntington, where they port of the Hooper Society, in to a assist all their in power doing erecting pur daughter resides, to visit her. The scenery quite a number of the branches of the Relief meeting house in that place; had also visited through Spanish Fork Cafion was beautifully 1 ,' Society throughout the county; and had en-- , many sick, etc grand. The station at Price was not as large Sister Jeannette Bingham of "Wilson Ward, as I expected to find it. We arrived at Huntjoyed a goodly portion of the spirit of God, and listened to many faithful testimonies from cbore a faithful testimony, and gave an encourington at half pstdl o'clock; all our friends the sisters. Prayed for the Spirit of the Lord were well and pleased to see us. We prolonged aging report of their Society. to buildT up and. to be with 113 Sister E B. Wells, said it seemed to fall to jour visit here 12 days, but unfortunately it : her lot td?peakTupon practical matters, though rained most of the time, which put a stop to jirentheTrii3i minded our'rambling" about muchr Huntington is a" felt we- - had tact for a renewal of the . Spirit of God and prayed we thought it our duty to do all id our power to . flourishing town, and bids fair to be a large , ; same humallay the prejudice against us in the world; .city in the future. W might receive it-- Had noticed-th- e On the morning ofthe Sth'we again'returned ble; kindly, Godlyspirjt filled the brethren in explained a blank whieh had been received : from the AYoman station, and took the - 8 o'clock prison, that did those who were laboring in the signature of all these who believe. that women train for Pueblo; it being night we had ,no Temples, and it wa3 a' proof that Uod was should vote on equal terms rithmen in all view of the country, but as day dawned we well pleased with them and comforted them political affairs. Gave some very good instruc-- . were astir to see(the country we were whirling abundantly with his Holy Spirit; Warned tions on various subjects of importance to thi3 through. Some parts looked rather barrenf as the sisters against harboring, the spirit of fault' finding. Compared our trials to traversing a people. jb'poke of the many benefits to the we neared the streams it became more fertile, and a3 we climbed the mountains to Marshal canon which seemed thattherewas no way out, suffering, obtained by upholding and sustaining the Deseret Hospital. Pass it . was grand to behold, and a wonder how but, byfaith and peraeverence came through ati ' Herrick time Sister spoke a short expressing a road could be made for the iron horse to right; she had never lost faith in thesilk business in her in Utah; hoped to see it revived and prosper pleasure at meeting the conference, and climb such a mountain, and the beautiful little bore -a good testiihonyr under the management of the Saints! :She stream, Crystal Creek, how sparkling it was on its course. All through Grand Cailon it is knew that faith in God and this Gospel was . Pres. Zina JD. H.' Young said she. hoped the wonderful, and there are many nice little spots daily increasing in the hearts of the Saints;, sisters would workln unison with our brethren in the priestliood. Advised mothers to observe inhabited by busy people. On we are carried, prayed it would continue. half-pas8 at night; Sister Martha Bingham had been absent for the Sabbath and teach their children to do the until we reach Pueblo, at here we have to lay over till 4:20 in the mornsame; "take special care in teaching the youth Ibu thanked G od for, th of returning. Had felt it quite a trial to have good manners, self sacrifice and humility. ing, when we take the Atchison Topeka & Santa us show the world we are noble, true Fe route for Deming. We pass over the our. husbands imprisoned, or exiled, but knew Let - in women we become When barren plains of Colorado, through eafioni, every respect. if we Jived right, God would be with them and Gcd and the will over trestles that span the wash out; they look good enough open pure way, with their families, and bless them abundantly and the world will know that they have not rather toppling for such a heavy, long train to with His Spirit. judged us. any more justly than the Jews did cross; here we are surprised to see the native Bishop R. McQuarrie was anxious for all the Savior." Mexicans and their homes scattered along; the who came to meeting to hear the voices of the Coun. C. F. Middleton, said he loved the train was divided to climb the mountains of 1 x i i rt i it speakers distinctly, that their hearts might be Latter-da- y Saints throughout the earth, and ooiorauo; wnca was a long xuunei; aiine lop filled and warmed and renewed with the Spirit desired to see them grow in purity and grace we passed through it we were in New Mexico. of God. We should seek to cultivate the before God. Here we met another train waiting for ours to Pres?Jahe Sichar(ls loved lo lisleli tolheZ come through. A stop of t wenty,iinute - brother Je3ua Christ. - Exhorted all to attend brethren arid sisters on all occasions. "The here for dinner, and away we go down; much to their prayers continually. Spoke of. the of our conference are not faster than we came up. We begin to come to days long enough, adRelief was the good Society great doing; for we would like to hear from all if there grassy plains, and meadows and herds. of stock; vised the sisters to work more earnestly in was but time." Urged upon the sisters the they looked much better than the cattle in saving wheat, and obeying that counsel given necessity of laying up wheat, and of providing: Colorado. The Mexicans become numerous; to them 'ftn this subject by Pres. Young and means for the Hospital, also subscribing for also their huts, for such they appear to us; others. our own paper, the exponent. some beautiful country, nice streams and fields v Sister Sa ralrjti cji a r ds Ji ad jb I rong tes ti After singing, ''The Spirit jof God like a fire of corn and beans, and occasionally an onion inony of the truth of this Gospel, tjnd had is burning," benediction was pronounced by, and pepper patch. We pass through Alber enjoyed it for many years. Was glad to see Bishop Allred. at midnight. The stations are small querque and others of our sisters, here toj Sister Young Mattie B. Cannon' Stake Sec. R. S. all through this country, or towns, as they and with talk each advise one us, and hoped should be called. We follow the Rio Grande ' would go home filled according to their hearts a long way; it is a f hallow, muddy stream; the NOTES OF TRAVEL. de3ue. Had never doubted that Pres. Brigham bed seems to be mostly quicksand; fine large was the successor to the Young inspired Joseph cottonwood trees grow aIong;i t3 banks. for she Woman's his heard voice his Editor and saw Exponent: Prophet, At Riucon we change cars. The passengers 7 countenance reflected in him. Dear Sister: After a long silence! thou ght are a motley: crew, from the American to the Sister E. B. Wells felt; that this was the a few lines from this remote corner of Utah negro; in one car I observed five different best day we had ever seen, notwithstanding the would not come amiss. nationalities, and such a clatter; a keen ob clouds which often hoyerover us. She was i. We are having very peculiar weather, server of the physblogical would ' have , an 'ex . to hear the sisters brethren aud encour pleased stormy, sunshine, then storming again. Good cellent opportunity to read character m the of the 4"'was no wheatrforthere saving-age health prevails, except colds; peace and pros faces. dajigefjoj)urZ storing away too muchJox The tWe - reacfi Deming at 3:30 - p.m. everywhere apparent.-are told to seek out all the poor and needy no perity As I have been absent most of the summer1 weather is delightful for the 11th of August matter what creed or color. Said we should I will give a short sketch of our journey. We in the south, with a nice breeze to cool the air. . cultivate a m r spirit of charity and faith, especially left home July 13th, 183S, traveled by team rrt 13 i a xuis lor uoieu utile uusy quue in our children; and made other remarks calcu-- : to piace, Springville, where my sister resides, and wind mills, as that is the only means ot ob- lated to encourage khe sisters in their labors of r i t .it t il? at that place. It was tainin spent the Twenty-fourtiingiv love. ': ne.p uiiamgs, gwater;2somen very nice, indeed rbut thsdinnieriorthe2!! and stores; the American custom house is here, Sister Emily ShurtlifF felt it was necessary folks was the most tempting part to see, the but few gardens or trees; everything brought for us to arouse ourselves from our seeming sumptuous table seated with our aged brethren here bv rail, and verv reasonable prices. At wa glad to abeamiiul negiect-in this we were met with carriages and hear the subject revived and dwelt upon by their cheerful vfacesand dim eyes shone with teamsplace :.Zu to take jus to Diaz, 95 miles. , the brethren and sisters. -and as the viands were passed delight sparkled On the 13th we start in the evening; the : Singing, "Come all ye sons of God." Prayer and by pleasant tidy young waiters, eager to roads are level and r hard, the twilight most : by Bro. Dye. dp their best for the aged; although not one of delightful, and evening air cool and grass in 2 p.m. Meeting commenced by singing, tbe numberf 1 was all the more deliffhterf tail oW,? "Hajl to the brightness." , Prayer by Bishop have the privilege of looking on. After the re-- " strange sights, and afar off are the grand old McKye.. Singing, "Praise, to the man who past and a recess came the fyn of the enter- - mountains. We pass several wind mills that communed with Jehovah." Opening remarks tainment, whicn was creditable; also speeches are used to get water for the herds of cattle Sitter Eliza A. ..Tracy reported the Society " ... tq-da- y, p pfesr-Zina-D-Yo- uDff to-Pri- -- ce , " t . t six-inontii- s, -- -- . -- " ' 1 1 -- t -- . ' . : " ' h ' -- - 1-- :. 1- xegaro-to-sionng--grai- n;- -- '"and-listers-w- as x . - 4& aei - : 