WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 18G a .Teacher. "It is no . triflina: thine: to be at ofUcer in these organizations; let each one re- S., Y. L. M. 1. A. & P. A. REPORTS very nicely. A dialogue; was given by five girls of the IGth ward. QueitToTwere" an.. HEAVER V. A, swered by four girls and two boy3 of the 17th The 10th, anniversary of the leaver Primary ward. More reports were read making nineteen Association was held - March 23d, 1 889,-eoin all. Essay, Master Woodruff of the 21st v' Eisting of a sumptuous dinner,, and a programme ward. 'Willie ' Stevens aiid a little girl of for the aged people; all those of seventy years :.. Union Ward each recited. 1 anu upward-werSister Mary Ar Freeze spoke. a few minutes invited, andst oelock.p.m. the aged were seen wendiuglluir way to the to the children on order and "The word of First Wn rd asnem bly hall , w hercirtable" "Wisdom." Sister E. Howard made a few inSpread with the good things of the earth Counselor Camilla Cobb teresting remarks. wMleiljKamthe spoke a few words, and adjourned the conPatriarch Johnathan Crosby: after which meet ference for three months: sindncr-J'Goo- ding. commenced. President Mar v A. Lolton niglit," prayer by Cou nselor Lydia Ann Wells. presiding. Singing, "Beautiful Zion," prayer Ji ESSIE UEAN OCC, . "Beautiful" by3ishop'Siiigio. of the Minutes JJay, MARICOPA STAKE. previous meeting were read and approved. Ihe programme was as Our Relief Society conference was held iollows March 22d, at tho Mcs i Hall commencing at v Roy Shepnard recited, "The jrolden kevs' 1 p. m., President S. M, Pomeroy. presiding, Carrie Bird saDgrIucy Jonei reciicdGood President C. J. Iiobson and counselors and resolutions." An essay on t4Lct us be useful," other breth re nwe re t) fese n t 'r opened-b- y sing Esther-Clay-- " was read by ancl S: President Mr Pomeroy, ing prayer. bornejsang. Iay Cox recited. Will ie Ash desired the faith and" players of the brethren sang. Lillie fetoney recited "The dead doll. and sisters present,' to sustain her In her newT A song" was rchderod by Willie Ash Wilford, .position, presumed we should all miss the kind and i?rank Burnett. Ella Pitts recited. A face of our former President, Sifter Jb. S. Mcdialogue was tendered by Cassis O'Donnell Donald and none more than herself; prayed and Nora Bakcrr Vina White recited "Be that our hearts might be unitedly raised in kindi&.ihe.nged." ... Lydia Hutehings and prayer to God, for blessings upon this cou. Cassia O'Donnell rendered "TUuefr; SisleT that all wlrot2iay?pcak mayv do Jane Gil made a few remarks; Counselor lerence, filled with His Spirits Mary Fernley sang. Koll of officers called showing a lull atCounselor Agnes Hutchings spoke a short tendance; minutes of previous cotiferenco read time, gave some excellent instructions to the and approved. Presidents- - of the several children, fleeting adjourned Tor one year branches gave verbal reports, showing. a . sintritlL' "O. Cfmifi children. rmmp " dip?ipflifmn- Tuar.liedjjnpr -'atmrchanierler. ially in the attendance of meetings. SUter Maiiy A. Loltok, President. E- G. McDouald having arrived by the Mesa Katie Smith, Secretary- 7 ftage,1 was listened to .with pleasure 'while she addressed the meeting a short time: was happy fiALT lMIvKhTAKET rrJf,rAHX7 to be in our midst again; had enioved her The jmartei ly coafeiencc ot the Primary visit while away. Spoke brielly concerning Associations of tlie the prospectsrof our jrnopl ewluThad ga t h e red in the- Salt Lake A??emblv" llali. Saturdav. to lexico; thought t March Mk1$1$MMm &unekvGmila 0Ydfln"d"tIiHFpr6spccts were good ft r tho ixhm) presiding. Meetings opened by singing future. Thought the nuthorities there were 'Gladly meeting." Prayer b Si?ter E. Howfriends to our people; they had never shed the ard. Singing, ''Good morning," by Mr. Evan blood of tho Saints or persecuted them; they Stephens' Primary class; minutes of previous were kindly disposed, thought that would be a conierenee were read and accepted. Recitaplace of refuge lor the Saints. Spoke of the tion by a little boy from the 3d, Ward; principle ot Cnari ty. 4,0 u r tri als cause us to two from the dialogue, Mime ward. girls draw near unto the Lord; we should avoid the Tvoscoo Eardley gang a song. -- Reports were spirit of selfishness, in giving and aiding each- men reau irom tne l'riraaries ol the 3,4,5, and other we are blessed." of the intiuence -wards Duett by two girlj of the 5th7 of the, evil one, who isSpoke continually laying ward, "Buy ray flowers." Reports read irom snares to those who entrap arejthe high est, or tho 8.10. and Hth wards. Recitation bv a who are doing the most good. little girl from the 9th ward. "Tho children b. M. Pomeroy was pleased bister McDonald are praying for iiie." was siimr bv little Miss with us but regretted it would be for such Bo wring; reports from the lG,17,20,aud 21st wa3 a short time. Was gratified with the reports WaRlS. from the different branches, they were cer . Sister E. B. Wells addressed the children; tainly encouraging. Had visited in com ny regretted there were not more boys attending with her counselors the several places inpathe our primary. Told the children about the u Stake, and could testify to the 4 ru th of. the Asylum, aiid that they should be mindful reports. Spoke of the Indian mission, where every day of tbeirMessinrs urfwl wme of oux sister them to cultivate7 Faith: relatcdn etorv illus- - to penent ana redeem them irom their degraded trating her remarks upon the principle of state;. uwe should assist them with our faith and r aun. Also urged them to be obedient to prayers, and not stop there, but donate li berally s and to their to ine support oi tnese laiinnu brethren and associations. sisters. We should exercise the of sanf a pnnc Charity to wards ea ch o ther, a void spirit si a nder. of the lib "ward sang, and and the is pernicious spirit of ridicule, which . girlsof the lO ward sang "Why did they m its ehects, and is explained, by a fa mo dig mamma's , grave uerman critic as the wit ol an ignorant or "TnmTTETa.lo, and Sugar House wards. Sonn-bstupid person; it is indulged in thoughtlessly, little girlOhe ward 11. alize the responsibility resting upon them and i f llio utimn t'tma Ko lawful " President. Charles Kob3on had listened with pleasure to theremarks that had been made: hadyet to attend a meeting of the Latter-da- y --Saints where there was not good instructions 'it is left with us to carry them. ouL is our duty to live by every word of God unto us. V h ilst the wife is given a3 an helpmeet, if ehe exercises her powers rightfully, she becomes the larger hall'JFel t esObftisteri'"and: honor them fuTtheir calling as Society rMadermanyimore - interesting remarks ivhich were timely and to the point. Counselor Sarah Russell spoke briefly: felt that liiVwas too short to. indulge in towards each other. "We can assist others in - many ways with words of sympathy and love." lirother Lharies Allen spoke a short time, in -- aver interestiirg and" ehcouraging manner; felt tie sisters were doing: a good work among the SainU; and gave many good instructions to mothers in Israel. Brother A. F. Stewart and Oscar Stewart each bore testimony of the good work being done by thfe sisters. Sister E. G. ' McDonald wished to, make a few: remarks in regard to our new President; urged the sisters to sustain her in hex posiv tion; borellllfmony to her faithfulness as president of the Teacher's and Stake secretary. The Teachers had heen faithful in their duties, : and the success of the Society was mainly due to their faithfulness. Their meetings were -- she had best the among attended;" also, bore., r the to faithfuTness and "diligence of testrmony her former, counselors Sisters E. 3Iorris and Sarah Russell, lelt .'this was a duty ehe owed them. Thanked the sisters for the faith and 'confidence they had ever shown her. President S. M. Pomeroy made closing re-- . mirks. Feit to thank Sister McDonald for her kindly interest in lier behalf. Felt desir- - . . n-' " e Jit - . ;,ty . - Jr-X.-Sm- -- r r ithr , . . ill-feelin- . Jana-Grim&lia- w. 1 ' , - EuILIkeikeahhl xiuufsdiiig- - her i " Or-pha- J d ein . m. - VWk d'.i-RtipurtTfimf lih ster: -- JUB,JiioraAbody4is.alwa the chil- d- hurt" "She "desired to honor the position she rensexef cises; wished the Presidents to hand in the names and ages of the children who took part in, the conference. Asked ; the children to repeat after her in chorus: " Tis education form the common mind, Just as the twig; . is by some just beef, the tree's indiaed i ohuub Merrill and Master Fox eacli recited placed in, and work in harmony with ine autnonty ot the btaice. ihe statistical and financial reports were read and the Relief ' "Society officers sustained.; Counselor Henrv Ilocers was flad to Rrn tho growtli of the Society; lelt that tho Sing lom or uoa waj growing; reterral to the duties of wa3 and Collegeri3 an alumna of that institution, and a native of Westboro', Mass. She has taught at Mount'Holyoke and. at Ingham University, Lcroy, N. Y,, besides in Brooklyn, and has been offei-ea professorchlp at Smith College aud the presidency of Wellesley. Cases of infection that could be accounted for in no other wayt have been explained by the fingers as a vehicle. In handling" money, es ps iai lyof paper, door k nobs,-- ban is ters, car strap?, and a hundred things! that every one must frequently touch, there are chances innumerable of picking up germ3 of typhoid, Yet "scarlatinn, dinht heria, smallpox, tlc some persons actually put suclthings in their ge! TrBefore , eating, or mouths, it thchands touching that which i should . bs immediately and scrupulously waslied We hear much about geheraF clean-i nness as - "next to god lin ess." It may be added that here, in. particular, it is also ahead e of healthahdVafeiyV 4TheiJews made no m that "except they wahed they ate not-- It WHsii Haiiitary ordinance as well fes ah ordi-- n aiica ofa zemvy.-- - " u-Z-on; son . Miss Mary A. Brigham, of Brooklyn, the new president of Mount Hclyoke Seminary .... also-AnnieSoren- fearw the-siste- rs - - AittleuvTofthtind duty- - regardless Mt3 ; , those-whorprestd- 1 Thanked the brethren for their good instructions "in regard to our duties, felt it obligatory upon us to treasure them up and put them in practice in our lives-;- ; Sister Addle Passie was appointed, to represent the Maricopa Stake Relief Society at thfrr couference : to be held in Salt Lake City in Aprils The President also recommended of the Stake to subscribe, for the exConference Adjourned" for three rdNENT. months. Singing. Benediction by H. Rogers. Susan Wilcox, Secretary. criticism. . ineir-parent- gs . - -Tib- a-Rc-lief -- not-tlar- . 1 mis-tak- 'T. i I M 