r WOMAN'S 'EXPONENT until we are the past; we ever hope to improve, tlie sphere erfect in every good word and work jn velop Jier best faculties'ior thi nking. planning, name of the Lord Jeslis Christ, a'nd by virtue oi and suggesting; but aside from this development; ahe Holy Priesthood I set.thee apart to the office she has much originality which has been a marked of Secretary of the Relief Societies inZion; to .characteristic of her career in life record important events and keep a faithfu re- It was at Sister Kimball's home in Nauvoo that cord. Thou shall be'quick to discern and a ready a few sisters belonging to her own neighborhood writer. Seek more earnestly for the. Spirit of the met together at her suggestion, to consult as to a .Lord, and thou shalt be blest more than thou .,. in in sav-j- c are called to. act in, Sis.ters,-cpntinuwheat; if-i- t neecls renewing it can be loaned Bishop of the vttthe presiding Bishop. or je e we -- by-U- -- .'WrUffig responsible Wherever the brethren can take time to visit and encQuragethe'istejrs tjiereis a great differplanfoCc ence in their prosperity and grovlhTVVe"drJ not a Ladies'. Society, with a view to assist in these' labors we of but to are love, ourselves "lall the building of the Nauvoo Temple. Out of this to", do what is required; we desirous and .little nucleus thus called together in Sister Kimwilling and conferences our hold regw meetings ball's parlor has grown ihe" organizations of wsh to we may im prove'... Can It was in Church vonxejijha ' more be means than profitably spent our time and this wise. The. ladies invited, met andlleadeli" r te acquainted with,.each.oihei, . to organize ; J3 isfer KirabalL was delegated to."cat :o becoming-beton - Sister Eliza R. Snow, who was then engaged by strengthening confidence, encouraging faithr and purifying our thoughts? And may our joys in teaching in the family of the Prophet, and ask -iDCieasesaclierjudifolds its pages to write her to write a constitutiQnAaclbyIaws, and Wi Lh u n kindness, submit them JoTresident Joseph Smith pHor-t- pon j may they neve r.berl)lott.ed . or regrets. the next meeting appointed for the following ber4 of sunshine ever the That peace may bright Thursday. Sister Eliza cheerfully responded, and . and abide with us,' is theincere prayer of,. when she read them to him he replied that the .... ; . Your, sistecand wre re the best he had constitution and ' Z. D. II. Young. r ever seen. '.'But," he said, "this is not what you want. Tell the sisters their offering is accepted ot P. S. Again to my dear sisters, A Merry the Lord, and He has something better for them' and A Happy New Year.- than a written constitution. Invite them all to meet me and a few of tne brethren in the Masonic A TRAINING SCHOOL FOR NURSES. Hall over my store, next Thursday afternoon and nurses I will organize the sisters under the priesthood The need of competent and after the pattern of the priesthood," He further has Jong been felt in this community; and it is in said, "The Church was never perfectly organized itself a department of labor that requires prepara until the women were thus organized.!' "tibnV " Training schools- - for nu rse s have been M osT bfour "sist ers already kn ow th e: result of established in all the large cities of the east, and this organization, and are familliar, by reading, the practical knowledge onjhis subject thus ob with the- - teachings of J6seph Smith to the Relief tained has been fraught with the best results pos " . Society in those early days sibly in this lineof work. ' When the Relief Society was organized Jn the It is therefore with great satisfaction that we Ward in Salt Lake City, Feb. 7th 1857, announce the opening of such a school in Salt Fifteenth Sister Kimball was. elected President and has re-- , Lake City, believing it will be beneficial in its re-- ( gained the position ever since. Under her wise" ',...'.. . suits here as elsewhere. and judicious management, the Society in that Dr. Mattie P.: Hughes, whose name is well- Ward has flourished! temporally, and much posi- the to-for- m fYas-heretQlQcejL- that to-da- y. -- -- -- I o . . " co-labor- . by-la- . : well-traine- . -- . Xvv ward being 117 v. d hast-ev- er -ha- conceive-jQ--s-thci-L--- d-power-to - -- hast been preservecHri life, thou shalt, continue to be preserved. I seal upon thee thy former blessings, and thou shalt be honored in time and in eternity, and have a seat in the celestial kingdom of God, in the name of Jesus; Amen." SistKimbal has faithfully fulfill e ri 1 he obi ig- ations thus placed upon her in keepirfg the records "of animTaTTriifaltenrn'Dd eventspenainlng to" the organization, and' still conlinuesjto labor'in ' r the performance of the duties of the calling to set apart ; and ITi'gtTgh' her physical organization, she seems likely to re- - ; tain her powers of "activity, and to be able to fill the responsible positions with which she has been , honored, manyr years to come. That she may -be preserved in the full possession a'nd enjoy- - : mentof health and powers of endurance in body" and mind, to advise, assist and instruct, those who have had less experience in the sphere in which women are now called to act, is sincerely to be 4hbped for by all who favor Zipn. The writer exr - tends her most hearty congratulations to Sister imball, wishing her length of dajs, peace and ' 1 detoter ' . . - -- TO MRS. . communis practitioner, has decided to open a Training School for Nurses, on the 20th of the present month, January, 18S9. The Dr.- has, while traveling, in the United States and also abroad in Great Britain andxon the continent, visited the principal training schools in large cities, and has taken great pains to look carefully into the plans - ; "aadmeihb - conducted. She proposes to givejectures similar to those of the Bolton Training School for nurses, and is thoroughly qualified for the teaching, and has provided herself with the heedful apparatus, etc, the best charts, books and skeleton. All, who are acquainted with Dr. Hughes will feel as we do, that she is competent by education and training to give the. necessary instruction, and has the high moral courage and independence neces sary for the work she is about to undertake, which will, if it succeeds, prove a blessing to the sick,, -- 'ttrei directions'. The record of the work upon the books, and the written reports from'time to time, tell this story, but they do not tell all. The comminister-ation- s forting of the sorrowful and afflicted, the to the sick and dying, and the many deeds of loving tenderness wrought by the sisters in this and other organizations are not to be seen of -- tTiersTl Sister Kimball hasy been a widow for over twenty-fiv- e years. Her husband was drowned in. the Pacific Ocean by .the wreck of the steamer Trfa Hancock, off the coast of the San Pedro on his way to the Sandwich Islands. Sister Kimball has the honor of being the first of the first Relief woman to lay the corner-stonSociety building erected in tins dipensation... '.'77 She thus describes it: 777 November 13,1868 a silver trowel and mallet,were furnished me, and," assisted by a Master Mason, and surrounded by ah assemblage of people, I of the had the honor of laying the: corner-ston- e lrsnfelieF"SgTe ty "building erected irr t his dis. e ' and perhaps save not only much anxiety, but many lives. Doctors depend greatly upon their a comforLitis to be nursesfancte-al- l Icnow-wh- at carefully and skillfully tended, when there is sick' ness, and the nursing is very frequently all that is pensation. At the time of the organization of the Central necessary, without medicine or the attendance of Board of the Relief Society, . Sister Eliza R. a physician. Communications in regard to terms chose Sister Sarah M. and other .matters should be addressed to Dr. TSnow the President-elec- t Kimball as the Secretary of that BibardTrand "she Mattie P. Hughes, corner First East and TwIseCapaTt St. 6f; P. 6. -r: 7; Utah. V.' John Taylor," Julyi7th, ;i8So;atlKeaWelima-: 7 that Sister Eliza K. bnow bmttn was sei apart 10 over all the Relief Society irr the Church preside SiE TANNI VERSARYr '.'''''.':. South-Templ- ' -- bxslUif? VENTI EfH "of On the 29th of December last, 1888, Sister Sarah Itf. Kimball reached the seventieth anniversary, of her birth. ' Sister Kimball has in many 3sPectsHeen a remarkaBIevwoman, and at the present writing is as brilliant in., mind, and as capable activity as she, was She has had some experiences calculated to: de-- : f-mental e at-fort- jTsuChlSFor Counselors to the President were also set apart at :th6 same time, Sister Zina D. H. Young and Sister Elizabeth Ann Whitney.; After this was done Sister Kimball was set apart as secretary and received the following blessing from Presi" '". . dent John Taylor. 7" "Sister Sarah Melissa Granger Kimbal, in the I). II. YOUNG. ISLANDS. SANDWICH . . Z. To the PrtrjsiDENT of theUkliep Society of the Church of Je&us Ciikist 'of Latter-da- Saints; x 1 17 .7 I have just finished the report of the Relief Societies of these iilanda to I)ear Sister: for-ard:- t0 youviMfIS respondence,, I do not know where to addms?. I hAVC riot received the exponent for some time, and, as I thmlc that, perhaps you have received a letter for the exponent from the islands ere this, concerning the work of the Relief Society I will not write to it at present. But I will say, we held our Fair at. the time of our conference at Laie, Oct. 0 th r wh ich wa3 I attend ed wi tlr! ity. of our native sisters. Seven handsome quilts were on exhibition, a .large variety, of babies hoods, little shoes and stockings, lace tidier, All underwear, dresses, aprons, etc. etc., ornamental over work; kinds of useful and in and two hundred articles number, reflecting of our the abilit dusky sisters. much credit on ' work was done This by the four Socties of 4 this island only. 7 They take great interest 7 in this work, and it is an industry that- - should be continued among tHem, as it will tend to help them to renounce their slothful and indolent habit?; -and make them more fit for the association of - 7 white people. ;7 7 7 Our Hawaiian' sisters wish to send their ahlia nui to yourself ami the societies in Zion. Ever praying for the f advancement of .the work of God, I have the honor to be, inarl-ecessut- he ( " . iTrSisteFin the Gospel. LlBBIE NOALL. o R., 8X I-- . M.-- 1. A. & P. A. REPORTS . WERER STAKE. ; Synopsis of the minutes .of the quarterly conference of the Relief Society vof AVeber Stake, held in the tabernacle in Ogden City, Dec. 13th, 1888, Mrs.' Jane S Richards presiding. Meeting opened by singing, "Come let - 