WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 168 to the condu t of dressed the New York - legislature,- - privilege istic energy ..ancl that journal, and it. was due largely to her of American wpiueii which we do not yet enjoy here. . In spite of hardships and expense effort." that it became an immediate and continued success. In business "jnatter8vjshe was (lor she never made a charge or took a collection) eKe traveled in summer and winter, in keenly direct and business like but in society she was singularly,, graceiui and winning, ana highwayand byways, whenever there was an . ways4-opport1 nerSatu rday even i ng- - reu nions-were- al ty to workranJ al waysrad -- good attended oy people prominent m me, literary audiences and attentive litners. In America world. Hervamiable and. illustrious character she is ranked with Frances Wright, Harriet and Lucretia Mott; American women anareVr'will be to other women an inspira Martineau , v. ..... x. i w if ... c vii- .. ii . tion and a prophecy.. W oman 8 Journal. luuuu ij jih,j j owe to this Polish woman ' leyjiowjnjoy they .... me r 'Uan nuu sm .:,U !. 'II l..n mhu-jucvu win piiiiiorm re in ember h erTina t cli 1 ess pmveTs p ea ke r, how and safe they" all felt while Slie had the ERNESTINE ROSE. ind-JStr- Training School far Horses On the fifteentlfof Jray, the Second Term of Dr. School for Nurses begins, a class of twelve(12) students completing their first term of JlireaiUQiitlis.jQ first Training School for Nurses established in instruction giren embraces the best Utah, and-tbmethods of teaching of the .Lastern Schools, whose investigated bv the jstems have bten thoroughly fteacher. The purno: tn .i.: mis fcijooii is to cive a wiocr Knowjeci era of wnitino- nnnn ho tnnL- onl ftn the branches pertaining to nursing will be thorough ly discussed in tne successive terms. The second term will be held in Dr. Hughes' new residence, on FrsWest Street. Students desiring to enter, should make application as earjiy as possible, so that ar- . nnghes'-Trainin- g . uui .,. IL-B.-- e r- . -- B. 1 - ; . i asa3 7-- ; -- neitheritr manner7sentimenr,rnrgu. floor,-that have ment, nor repartee, would she in any way com- heard so muciran kiibwii reo little, is still promise the dignity of the occasion. "As a 8peaker8rm was pointed, logical aiul jmpas- "living in" England, and jhe' Woman a Pemiy sioned. She not only dealt in abstract prin- , Paper published there, recently gave a very' ciples clearly, but intheir applicatiuii touched interestiugr.accquttt.. of herfrom which we the deepest emotions of the human soul.L make a tew brief-e- 'x tracts. This venerable '!One of. her strongest characteristics .was champion of the cause' of woraanVemancipa-tion- , xu the fearlessness and scorn of compromise with certainly deserves the gratitude and which she Advocated her principles. honor.' of the . women of AWrfca, for. the n6ble effortshe has made in behalf of better ' laws and better conditions MISCELLANEOUS. "Ernestine Rose was born in 1810, and thus is now seventy-eigh- t years old. Her great Argument, a3 usually managed, is the worst is over, and she is waiting, m sort of conversation; as itia geuerally, iu books, ' 1U2 and infirmity, to be buried in England the worst sort, of readin2.--6Wiby the side of her husband who died six yeas - The shortest and surest way to i ve $ i t h a so. " 'Our lives were as one,' she said; 'he re- - honor, in the world,is to be in reality what we shall i oi ced. i n rayv wo r kra n d gl ad lyr furn ihed the would appear to bej and if we observe-wmeans lor my journeys and lectures. And, tLAhra) u.ra a n e vi r t u esi n c rease an d: then she showed rue his portrait, which was strengthen themselves by the practice and exof them. Socrates. hanging near her chair. I ventured to inquire perience what had ied her in her youth to' think of We put a halo about the people of the past, the emancipation of woman, for I' knew she but I think if the times demanded them it was the daughter of a Jewish Rabbi living would bs found we have now living in the year in Poland, and I wondered how her light had 1889, fifty Martin Luthers,:fifty'George come to her. fifty Lady Huntingtons, fifty Elizabeth " "Atan early age,' she began reading the Trys. Talmagc. difficulties Hebrew Scriptures, and met with of belut- - at,everystep;:,when :;ghe requested ,1 n ever; h ad any faith in JuckatlaU, except. 'iittTe riiusT she waa told, girls that.! believe good luckwill carry a man over explanations," could see she ask not not why 'a a ditch if he jumps well, and- will put abit of questions little gill' should not have the same right as a bacon into his'pot if he looks after hi garden little boy to ask questions." and keeps a pig. Luck generally comes to , Sixty years ago she began lecturing-- and those who look after Jt; and my notion is, it has "spoken all over the States ft behalf of taps once in a at every one's door, human rights in general, and woman's rights but if industry does not open it, away it goes. in particular." "Although very infirm in body Spur g con. ,t - her face. bears the stamp of noble and vigorous intellect. Her features "have strength and OBITUARY. dignity, and her large dark eyes seem to have lost little of their fire." r Died, Jil Oak Creek, .Februaryj27lh, 1 1889, Elizabeth Tlrr.life of thiswonderful-vrom- an Lovell, wife of the late John Lovell, born in England, of interest. At the age of fourteen she re' T . : March 10th, 1806. nounced her belieLiu the Bible, as it had '7 y iiESOLUTIONS OF RFPlCf . .,""'.7 been interpreted toiler by Rabbifiical teacHers7 W e the sisters of the Relief adopt and the religion of her father, and this caused the following Resolutions to the Society unanimously of Sister Elizabeth memory trouble and persecution. At the Lovell. her shemother. A . her last sixteen of year age Whereas, It has pleased our Heavenly Father to call after she was involved in a law suit, in which' from pur midst by, the. haiKL of deathr our beloved sister " she nleaded her own cause and' wou it; and friend; therefore be itt 77 : left the property with her father, declaring that we in the death of our sister, Resolved, recognize the loss of a friend, and former treasurer of the Relief that sue cared notinng ior 11, uui ouiy ior justice, and that her inheritance might not fall Society. into mercenary hands.' She then traveled in ., Resolved, That we esteem, her goodness, patience and various countries in Europe, witnessing and uncomplaining endurance, as an example worthy of imita- takin g part, in i ffi poftan affidrsr-8- he cmt on bytersofthe Society. "these Rpiutjpns.Je spread: on the 7 Resolved,--thaRelief his the of Owen, and warmly espoused Society, and that we condole with principles. ...record Tn 183f she married- William E. Ro&eanjl tnoseoiiea to mourn th?LjnascQgA-4Mnd- went with him to reside in New York. Soon friend as Sister Lowell. Rest jn peaceidearlSisIer-ovlir"-" after her arrival she began .her fifty tears . Now your earthly tabor's done of reform, work, speaking for -" woman's You She . can join in sweet communion rights. religious liberty and With New York the to first the Father and the Son, sent her Legispetition :lYou are worthy of their presence .lature to give : married women the right- - to For you lived a noble life, hold property in 1836, to which after a great ' Kind and faithful as a mother deal of trouble, she obtained fiye signatures! - ' ' Ever faithful as a wife.. And "she continued petitioning till 1849, when the law was nactfed- - Many- - time3 she ;ad- Mary M. Lyman, Secretary- - R. S. -- rangements can r TiriTlOX, "JTm "j k . - . JSi.T.OO. ;. j 0. Box ; ' 575. , Salt Lake City, Utah. i : WANTED. " I . "Gentlemen and "Lad ies of good ' add ress and education to enter a commercial bui n ess , where j)r6motioii and salary per day h guaranteed, small security;-requireuor - Address for further p;articular3?v d p ; M.?Glassf6iid, - , 354 E. Brigham Street, . SalLXakLitvJItalw- - . " ?. . HiPE! -- Class in Obstetrics:and Nursing; e; -- L--h A txt-book-s-- - j : life-wor- made for securing for Obstetrical Special arrangements can be made ' teach in? Address: Ll - be' - 7DIIS. F7. It. mut M. C. Sill IT Will commence another class in Obstetrics, onMonday, April 15th, 18S9. By request they will also teach a separate class for Nurses. For particulars apply to Dr. E. R. Shipp, 16 Main Street, or Maggie C. Shipp,' 36 South First ' West Street. . Wash-ington- s, - EAGLE : life-tim- --- e, tiff"v: The Leading Retail 7 77 .. is-f- - - SAJVT LAKE CITY -- -- EMPORIUM ull 'JZ -- V : t, ' Special to the Ladies. . m7M ' ": . Will be found tf .. .. t ' . sls styles and pioduction ' ' in laf e?t L AGES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, FAKS, gLO V ES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TlKS " ' '" -- - - : anti-slavery- Miasesand Special department for Ladies' r fant's Shoes. y In- j , - -r- - TINKERS G AS, WATE R & STE A M" FITTER S ' -- , fir celebrated LIFTaqd FOBwK Pumps tienjilied on ghort notice. Orders Jrbia thi couniry promptly responded to. ; v,j , Ailrw t'; UytlTuKS j. g0 3J5;iEI; USE CITT.' . 3-Ag- ent PTJMP.5. IIUM-SCY'- . - 