i ' ' " l - v. -- 14 1 ; .'. lowest passions of the fallen man; ana ne reaiiy suffers more in his mind and feelings, than if he was afflicted with the most painful disease, or had bodily Hr is indeed a poor creature, and. stands sorely in need of the the fact pity- - and sympathy of all mankhnLc -that his dispositronwUrnZailow him to enjoy himself with anything, at any:' time, or on any occasion. Envy is not confined to any class of people,, neither, one portion of the country more than anthe rich and y other, but is found existing-amonpoor, high and low, and in every land and clime. It rages in the breasts of men and women, also children, and has done ever since the world was framed. It began with Satan, for after his fall he could see nothing in Paradise to please him, and envied our first parents in their innocence, and therefore tempted them to sin. 4 was this same spirit that ca u se d Cai n to ki his brother Abel, and has been the prime cause of action which finally terminated in the crucifixion, 1 , " bcetr-seriouslyinja- . .. ) ! Ige I . y . Tells me I've a motherthere." . These exalting principles we endeavor to keep before the rising generation.. Excuse me. as I was not called unon in x of the or to spirits, preach prove- the fact that there are women in heaven, but merely to give a report of the St. Joseph Stake of Arizona. We have eight organizations, with two districts not fully organized" into branches, numbering upwards of three hundred off! We hold our q uarterly con- and- members." or s terences regularly with a good attendance.' We hold our. monthly meetin 2s and take in to consideration the nursing of the sick and treatment of disease. We are trviiur t.n. Imhl ourZannual fairs, -- not pnly"to "encourage the lieiiet society, but to develop the talent of the Y. . I. and Primary Associations, and keep alive all these organization. And I can say for theyoung ladies, they are a credit to tne otaKe;jwe attenaall their conferences,-ancTI-so those of the Primary Association. At our last fair we had on exhibition a fiftv pound sack of cacoons, raised bv RtalrA Tnnn. . . . - pre-existen- - ' 1 has led- to the martyrdom of all the prophets both ancient jOjTourto hH . - , -- j th . g " How-then-is-s- Ikitair-lho-people-ou-this-ear- redv ; The blas-nhem- : - : --- falsehoodT"and the into, action jealousy, revenge, . .. ' I " . Snow, revealing the great eternal truth that we have a mother in heaven; the Great Latter- day prophet, Joseph Smith revealing- the key ' of knowledge to unlock Jhe glorious principle ; contaiued in that most consoling of all funeral hymns, the Sectarian world with the bible in their v hands calling God, Father,- - consider it tosav we have a mother in heaven, and , are the dflT" . i ' l i ii. i spring oi our ratner ana momer m rieaven . ' ' "Truth is reason, truth eternal ' - j - -- Jative to the wants of 'the' needy, but in attending funerals? clothing the dead properly, and have also teen called ypon to speak and lamentinghis" own adversity, his sole object not so being to equal or excel his superiors'; his .much so'' by exerting himself, or increasing as tn hptipr his condition, UWIl IUU iiuu innmr.! iiij,v."u") 'v - v to the efforts of by diminishing the merit due at the others, while seeking his own elevation so detests the He cost of another's degradation. . . . , sound of praise, in any one but seli, mat n Dy chance one extol the virtues of a friend in his a gloom over his countenance; presence,-it-cast- s cnrc tiiA ihvnlnntarv tear'to his eve, and calls the sack to tempt Hies and be waited, meal sacks be left open, kettles be left dry to burn on a hot ' .7 stove, preparing of dishwater neglected until : wanted, thereby wastingtime and fuel, and allow r r: ing dirty dishes to stand to draw the flies, clothes be left out longer than necessary to switch and be beaten to pieces by the wind. If hermoralnature has not been trained to the strictest honesty she may help herself To a few hairpinsthe childrens' garters or other little necessities of the toilet, and rrnot think she .is doing wrong. Reprove her by giving hera fevJha'irpinsorjin occasional pair of garters, and tell her to take care of her things and i ., neither waste her own or your things, and that by. taking care of our substance we can have where-- " '' ' that with Jo be generousrrTflllierinstead-of-al- l .. . cheap satin on 'an ash colored easily soiled dress, which she is soon disgusted with, to add the price of the satin to the materialaii& get her a and more durable substance. And. instead of sending for ready made, embroidered, bleached, easily worn out underwear, toget good strong factory and learn to make it -- herself, and buy an f occasional book with the balance; and instead"of wasting her leisure in running about with id'e girls and gossiping, to improve her mind with an occa- , sional half hour of good reading. Try to arrange your. .work so that not only your own girls but the hired girl can attend the improvement associa 1 tion. This course will bring more intelligence and a kindlier -feeling into the. kitchen. , How often is it the case that the mother of a household will arise as weary as when she TT3l lay down, with so much work of various kinds that it looks like a mountian. -- to bring order out ofThaoTff irSt kneel Inlnank I. fulness for the protecting care of the pastnight . also ask for strength and wisdom, for patience and charity which, none need more than a mother. ; WOMAN'S EXPONENT, 1 L.-M- and modern. Apostle James says, third chapter; Where en evil knpw that theJLord's house-- is a house of order, and that His holy Spirit will lonsji obstacle another is surmounted until not enter where strife and confusion exist; neither when evening comes y6u will have "accomplished is there peace and happiness in their midst, and selor, MaryX-Ranso- me of - thrRelief Societyr" more than you thought possible in the beginning;, we are desirous xui, uwwia tucv uic iaisiug some cotton used your gratitude to the dis; Envy carries so much venom and poison with mostly for batting; we have assisted in erect- penser of all blessings. it that it alieniates the affections of families, ing houses of worship in which can 'Hold Oh wives!.. Oh" mothers! Stand not. on vour friends. associates,., and even raises rebeliorT our meetings until we can build false Society Halls. God. Therefore, we should see the great against We have contributed to $49.00 the sufferers on your humility which will not let you fall. Be importance of watching its approach in all its in; the Tennessee Massacre; $50.00 to those who kind.: Be patient, forgiving iIeet disguises, and dislodge it before it finds a resting suffered under the rigid enforcement of the not your husband with: hard hearts and cloudv or abiding place in our hearts, Edmunds Law; $25.00 to assist ' a widow to j faces.. No matter if you think you are imposed' Let us improve and talents givea to emigrate $3000 to the Pima Hall built of to be Better upon. wronged than wrong others frch7instead of envying that which is our brick, which would be a credit to any of the nergfc Often when you think your affections are for is slighted excellence bors; granted only as a reward older Stakes of Zion. of Tabor, and the envious hate that excellence I am pleased to sav that miirdi prp,lh a deepest tenderness for you Perhaps he requires which they are too indolent to reach. thesistersJkoi much more of you than of other members ot the Woman's Exponent, and feel to qfhls JiauselicJd-es-ricrTrart it upon them to' continue, inasmuch as urge envies all men and no man envies him.,) Lef us the same7 "J :.whom much. is -- given much is Associations cannot keep posted relative to banish every evil thought from our hearts and and "He who is faithful over a few cultivate the spirit of brotherly love and charity their duties as officers without it. things will be made ruler over many Have President Layton attends all our conferences things." any in our soul to all mankind, by seeking to do good and noble ones great gained an eminence through and gives us that encouragement which tends one towards another, and building, each other up, luxuryand instead of pulling others down, that when our to the growth and progress of the organization; -Savior trMTinedwlthroses? fray not then for and being a man of experience in this life is ended it may b said of us."She w in. church life's burdens and sorrows to be removed. Rather Latter-dadeed a true ui cuuu3 humble to God Saint, presiamg, and coloniz- pray:,for strength toIendat.e.and wisdom to7" gu!dz" the waste ing, redeeming places of Zion and joyai to ner country, kind to her family and friends you. For only through the vicissitudes of labor' and benevolent toalh'Vthe Saints , ''. ... in encouraging building up the ditTiculti es and sorro ws bor ne with patience' is He aware country. there is gross misrepMiss Aggie Campbell. chanty and humility can we gainT that experience 1 resentation gone abroad relative tohe health T ilanuscript paper 14th Wardr : v wAicli Prepares us to besyrapathetic, pHhat Stake; is one of the finest agricul- - 7 mejdfuIIaX wives and just tuml countries that the Saints have had over motheineensi-eigRELIEF SOCIETY, ST. JOSEPH. the our posterity in righteousness. sho w. The EK. sports mortality is not so 7 as some of the older. Stakes of Utah. absence , pf over .ten , .years I "rejoice in the gret ENVY. TheGila nver affords as much or more of before vyajstrife. kUiafiisi5grl&vifV woikAjwe and-the- oobtaImnb0tb;a!',, i , pride-whiehome-Trn- i - r and-humbl- e. Jtime ; . I I Tt4ias-4eeraidrnTlnT- rtM -- j re-qui"- red,u easeJYaseiitlu ... y - ... , 9 - - ' Tr -- V- .pnvilgopoWnfa r privilege not a habit; but might be properly Envyris termed a disuse, distemeroLihejriiadHhatxM orderinhe facuItKif it; It is not contagious but proves fatal to the peace Tpf mmd and of those afilicted with it. happi-nes- s . An envious person is one that makes hi m7e if miserable contemplating the prosperity of others staging you to reporrthT bu .Joseph Stake of Arizona, where I have :ca)Ia KelieTSociety. T am proud to representW :sistep mahat far orTJand, asheing faithful tP and officmT and obligations required of them as member of that organization' in 'for the poor, and administering to providing the siqk; not only in assisting the bishops re-- rr -- I water ior irrigating purposes than the Provo a a crP of wheat or barley cut 'in July, 'C? corn on the same land each crop yiedding planted bushels fifty and per acre. DouhtW m acquainted with Philemen Merili and Wm. AicBruIe, who are our " - . up-war- SS,- to -- ds patriarchs, d together rthveV they numerous friends. send-km- " -- X 