' T' w . . t- - 7 W f i 1 0 . if. R'ujlitsof the Vol. 1?. Women MORNING. Women so much wrought ! The Old Year's heart all weary grew, But said, "The New Year rest has brought." The Old Year's heart its hopes laid down, As in a graven but, trusting rsaid;- The blossoms of the NewYear'serowii-Bloofrom the ashes of the dead." The Old Year's heirt Was full of greed; :r:r: With selfishness it longed and ached , And cried: ."I have not half I need, My thirst is bitter and unslaked. t But to the Nevv. Year's generous hand All gifts in plenty shall return;, s True loving, it shall understand, By all my failures it, shall karn. . I have been reckless: it shall be Quiet and calm and pure of life. I was a slave: it shall go free, And find sweel peace where I leave strife..,' - Only a night from Old to New ! Never a night such changes brought. ?,...-The Old Year had its work to do; No New Year miracles are wrought . Always a night front old to new ! Night and the healing balm of sleep I Each morn is New Year's morn come true, Morn of a festival to keep. All nights are sacred nights to make Confession and resolve and prayer; All days are siQred days to wake New gladness in the sunny air. " Only a night from old .to new; Only a sleep from night to morn. The new is but the old come true; Each sunrise sees a new year bora I .. H. H. ,:, -- mm- HOLIDAY THOUGHTS. Some sad mistakes of mine, while I On others cast the blame; Some harsh, uncalled for words I've said , W ill make me blush with shame; Vbere chanty for self I've claimed, To others been; unjust, Or nursed unkindly feelings, Instead of patient trust, ... How wistfully I then will turn ; From rny poor, blotted leaf,-cr- rrr -- To the full, tarnished -matchless Chief! our OfChrist, With what unspeakable delight W'e'll revel long and deep, privileged Jpread jhe books ecbrdilX " W'ith meaning plain and. clear, Which," to our untrained natures, Oft seem mysterious here. Holy Family? shall T meet, When freed from mortal strife, And find 'my name recorded in The Lamb's great Book of Life? " . Aunt Tolly. . GHRISTMASTHOUGHTS. - The beautiful story of the birth of Christ, and of the shepherds keeping watch oyer their flocks by night, the earnest looking out for, the star in the East, to welcome. Him, all these historical eventsand others therewith connected, caunot be too strongly impressed upon the minds of our little ones. ., To many of the children nowadays, Christmas i3 simply "Santa Claus' who bringsjhem tovs and sweetmeats, and the birth of Cnrist, never enters into their minds; the cause of the rejoicing is never told them in a way they can understand. They do not know why "peace and good will" prevails, they have not heard the incidents of the, birth offMbe Messiah, which all this social festivity commemorates. i AUNT POLLY'S LETTER. Dkar Homespun My first letter written to you on Aug. 10th, was in fulfilment of a long cherished promise to myself, and since eagerly perusing yotir reply, memory has been busy with reminiscences you so vividly awaken; in retrospective revery I recall each particular detail, and can also picture quite plainly the improvements, which must certainly have quite transformed the rather depressing pretense of the old rooms; in the days when I knew them. Tremember well the aged sofa, huddled in its musty depths I read with joyous haste the first letters from my dear home, after the long, hcart sick journey; with tearful joy I fat for hours conning the loving words dictated by and anxious, affectionate hearts; there, too, sidejy side with the natives of that landI-liavstru ggled with the seeming i mpossibilities of Ian guagejpoiir mutual endeavors to make , their ourselves understood; and Sister Maggie Ghiff I cannot think of my inland life only in connection with her she it was whose kindly womanly kiss wa3 the first to greet my lips after the parting embrace of my gentle mother, and cur last farewell was taken as she bade "alolia" to those among whom she had so faithhad so. fully labored, and whose-- hearts she e the" kindly won; and I well remember I had of her departure from earth, was in recognition of her picture in your own lines, entitled, "My Dead Friend" written soon after her death. Memory also recalls Ihe rides and rambles in search of among the luxurious fern foliage, oc-orange groves, and lime trees, and on one ; casion a recently arrived missionary desired; the escort of an initiated sister, as guide to the enticing groves, where the . luscious fruit hung in tempting plentitude, to the hungry imaginaappetite. "The horses tion of a were duly led to the door,, equipped with deSpanish saddles, one of which the lady clared her intention of riding in true native fashion; with painful blushes and embarrassed apologies the modest missionary disappeared corner of the house, while the lady mountedher steed and ithteoming grafe companidri to forget -- laughingly called to her Tsilotnfbrture in pursuit of delicious fruit . . re-readi- long-sufferin- g a&the -- r " ""," 'The hallowed anthem sent to hail Bethlehem's shepherds in Ihe lonely vale, When Jordan hushed his waters, and midnight still Watched on the holy towers of Zion's hill,' is all Greek; to them- - ' "' . - ' The gathering together of friends and ol - families at this' season gives it a prestige and importance ,,tljat is rcaito Jhe children,, and J they know and feel Ihat Ihellayild'lhFeT: is significant, but they know not why and the, lesson is lost to them, that might otherwise be " , J fraught with good fruits. is a very pretty ,'fhe legend of Santa Claus the exquisite short of illusion, but it falb far teuderness of the story, of the true origlb of Ghrisfmas. The custom of civinir cifta at Ch ristmaiTiad no dou bt itr beginning: in the giving of gift3 at: the birth of Christ. The who had seen the star of , wise men of Bethlehem, came and opened their treasures, babe "gifts, newly-borand presented unto-thgold and frankincense and myrrh;" and this example has been followed of giving, and the practice perpetuated from generation to generation, and it is right ami proper that we should fulfill the saying of our blessed Lord: "Inasmuch as ye do it unto one of these my little ones, ye do it unto me." We have not the privilege of giving to the royal Prince of the Iioum of David, but we all have the precept of our Master to teach us to give our good gifts in the season thereof, and if we do this in obedience and reverence, and that we may be like unto Him, we should not fall short of the . , the-East- -- -- e n -- -- blessing. ' ' : V- v , ..' The poor are at the Christmas seasori the esnecial recipients of the bounties of the rich and there are many who quiet their consciences by so doing; but is this all? Does this cover tbecmundlJsithere not- something we owe to each other besides the simple act of giving ! Christ's coming proclaimed "peace and: good - ! his face manly prud ishn ess I wo t not he hides now at trifles, after a second sojourn under tropical suns amidst those dusky children of Z. "nalure. I used to think so little ever happened to us there, so monotonously the time passed occuraway,but now I remember many pleasant rences, and some happening-- too, the memory and regret, of which is tinged hut even so much our life's lessons be taught, and the present will be richer in content, by , ; - Dec. 16, 18SS.: LULA with'-sadne- - am, I ; 'What "glorious 'truths will then unfold, 15. 7 first-ledr- Wherr the sacred books are opened, The books the angels keep While we talk and while we listen, While we work and while we sleep, How different many, many things Will irt those books appear. To the way we understand them And oft repeat them here. " Reordtrrgngeeep"! hat should 1 No. had, while the shadows remain in the obscurities of the past, as much as may be. r With 'alblia nui to your brave porkers, I fiudfew joyous things, At least lirtay not weep, W hen the sacred books are opened, The Books the angels keep I ( of all Xaiions. 18SU1 My friends beloved, and neighbors, This dayt while yti' I live? Please grant my boon, say that my faults You one and all forgive; ntghrfrom'OldtffNcwi night-a- nd of 7A6n,anA the Rights of the SALT LAKE CITY; UTAH, JANUARY 1 , NEW-YEAR'- - nlya Only a v-- rememfencfO ss - wiU,klM of precious gilts; it is often' very easy to give, when kindness and love would, be infinitely more of a sacrifice, and more acceptable unto Hi m,who gave H i mself a sacri fice greater than any we can make. Is it not very often like be seen. of men? the prayer of the Pharisee,-tLet us hope not, but 13 there not a spiritual lesson for us all to learn ;by jthe observance of . o 