79 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Sister Adelia Brim said "the still small Toice" within bore testimony to her of this Sister Sarah M.Kimball explained after the poem had been' read that in sentiment it was true, but that she had suggested the organization of a benevolent'society to some ladies who had met by invitation,"ather home in Nauvoo. A committee was appointed Jo and when these drafLxonatitutioiumd-byJawsere subsequently shown, to the Prophet Joseph, he said he had something"? better for the sisters and called a meeting and organized the Relief Society. -MeetTngjournedrnirtirsQYeni "in the weve- r . - - mng singing, " -.- "Lord dismiss us with our blessing' ' Brother Graves of Provo gave some notices concerning silk etc. Benediction by; Sister " Judith Higbee. .":77"'.' nn'a vuuvn of Ireland North the women of Tir DCllUSb YUCC.u a -- i an avenue Brother J. G. Smith said like lh"e Apostle the their own door by which they wjH be able to at and the of ashamed not was he "Gospel Paul, themselves for the service of their sex qualify beauties." and its on at principles spoke length wnu ?um. uvuv-v- v-. lnaiain aconuecuuu Brother MrPickett spoke of the revelation m Vi Medical The vp. men tioned. wa ot.'fntinno the as given to the Prophet Joseph concerning - of Belfast College-hlong since o-bSchool " and in duties sisters teaching tained expounding noaouut just celebrity, and we nave has said if the any were that this Gospel; made principles of which it new departure ' .... if better was financial it" possible help needing itseit to public approval, auu . tn mve them emnlovment: assist them to help will' commend add to its usefulness ana prooaoiy aiso io ns themselves instead of making them dependent on'ota oi tcmrninw Other distinguished seats learning prestige. were borne Testimonies by such as the London objects of Chanty. the and Paris of University fiistera Tanner. McBride. Grant and Craner. have opened the doors of their Also Bro. John L. Smith. Stake Authorities University, s to women. In the Boyal medical of the Society were presented and sustained by Oi ireiauu lucjr aid chimiv xkim. UniversityAarrre.0 the Conference which, was then adjourned for mo;ol nnfl other honors, and. now three months.- a- local demand has arisen lor their adthat Sec. Louisa Pickett, Oneen'a Collefre. the author- ities were undoubtedly right in taking the ' action to which we refer. We understand that BELFAST. QUEEN'S COLLEGE, the Kev. Dr.. Hamilton, the recently appointed of the College; has manifested much president Ladies. The Medical Classes Open to interest in" the subject, and was strongly in a That announces: Whia The Northern favor of the step which .has been very properly re been has and important step significant taken. m the Queens oiige. it ap solved upon Englishwoman's Review, ; author-- the time some for that College, pears ities have had before them an application from a number of ladies who desire to enter-thWESTMINSTER ABBEY. for to view with a medical classes studying classes have these Hitherto medical degrees. Concluded.' been closed against them, and consequently women who desired such training had to go WESTMINSTER PALACE. elsewhere. After 'duei deliberation, the appli A been has cation of these ladies granted. The - location of this building, which no the of Medical College the of Faculty meeting exists was oppositethe present houses 'hM in consider the matter unanimously re longer of parliament. This palace was occupied by solved upon acceding to, the request When. until Henry VIII at tneciose oi ine the kings from Saxon times the classes went to Whitehall. It' was in this palace that long vacation, we may expect to see mingling Edward the Confessor entertained William, with" the usual medical stndents a new infusion Duke of Normandy. That friendly visit was nf the members of the softer sex, bent on initi the beginning of the proceedings which were ation into the mysteries of the healing art. By to terminate in the conquest of England. , and hr. we have no doubt, we shall have in TT. . . ,.1me nuuse ui wans sat tnose W itnin wmmuuj. Belfast.' ahd over the province, a numberf heard the was There 1834. to 1547 from as nr. ot ladies medical such compeers worthy Di. .eloquence of Chatham,Fox,Grattan,Pitt, Burke, Dr. Garrett-AndersoSophia a remarkable galaxy of orators Edith Pechey, and numerous others who have and Canning truly! Westminster palace has been a great attained distinction In the profession. The ques The infamous, "star theater of action. tion of admission to the classes having been tested waa wo uunuiu. and decided m favor ot the applicants, we4hear cnamuer built aisu iu by Henry VIII, got its name chamber, that they will be joined m their studies next from the gilded stars on the ceiling. In that session by other young ladies, some of whom ell-known Jieltast lamiiies.r-i- n belong-t- o founded. Every punishment, except death, cominsr to the decision which we have men could be inflictedimprisonment, pillory, tioned the College authorities have shown their er ot ... the educational 3randidgjiDd3fhipping.iL-.wasL4ntn- e desire to keep-abrethat William, Bishop of Lincoln, was necessities of the province. In other places fined five thousand pounds for calling Laud ladies who have gained the right to append 'The Great Leviathan." Here we have a clear most successM. D. ta their names have-bee- n picture of the tyranny of the time. The bodies ful in practice. Especially, in the treatment of of Earl Chatham and his son William Pitt lay the diseases oi women anu cnuuieu, mm in state in this palace, as likewise that of Mrs. Reririces have proved most acceptable in many Glaypole, Cromwell's favorite daughter. places, and just at present the requirements of The princes' chamber in the palace was that splendid oociety wmcn owes its existence tn a noble daughter of our own province the where the great Chatham died. The well occa"Association for Replying Female Medical f known picture of Copley has made the Aid to the Wome- - of India, founded as we all sion familiar to us. It was in the cellar of this Fawkes made his dastardly know, a few years since by the. Marchioness of building that Guy Dufferm demanded the services Oi as many attempt to blow up tne structure, rtovemuer u, 1605. This edifice, was burned October 16; properly trained medical women as can be ob' tained. The same is true of the various 1834. We shall here refer to the clock tower or the Zenana Jilission schemes. It is well known ' - that Hind6o women are not allowed to be houses of parliament. It is probably unexcelled in magnificence in the world, and occutreated bv medical men, and, as the Mar chioness-- of Dufierin states in an excellent- - pies nearly the same site as the old tower of article which appeared some years ago in the Edward I, which contained the famous bell Asiatic Quarterly lieview, Ihey never do ex- called the "Old Tom." It is reported that a cept in the last extremity, when the doctor so UlaU fl 1UC. II iW Uii VO Oft CU - UJi- - lUC VJUVa a admitted to a Zenana enters with his head in a ing thirteen times at midnight. The man was fllihi. and it was bv the bag, or remains outside the purdah, feeling his onHAftvnrincr to nrnvn an patient's pulse, but unable to make any of the unusual circumstance of the clock's striking necessary examinations." Not to speak there- I thirteen that he was enabled to do so; for had fore, of the field which is undoubtedly opening ....... - 1 class-room- - - OUT work. ..- at home to ladies trained to profession, the action of, pursue medicine as anJlofro will now onen to . - - - --- ' of the Relief pittite was uciu ixi va&iey, Conference The Quarterly - ' CASSIA STAKE. ; DOCieiy 01 Vvassiu, Sept. 20, 1889. Louisa Pres. Haight her presided; Counselors were also present with presidents nf the several branches: of the- - brethren. JL Pickett counselor to Stake President; R-- ' Wilson, Patriarch, and others; also PresH -- D. Haight at afternoon session. The opening exercises were followed by verbal re ports of the several branches by res presidents, . showing the members of pective . l il 1 in tneir worK ana each to De peeling interested doing as well as inconvenient circumstances would admit President Haight and her Counselors Sisters Tuttle and Wilson, m turn addressed the . fin Psivanna rritrinrr 1 1 a timplv- inof rimtirm' mnrTi were glad to hear of the interest taken by the members, their duties were as urgent as those of the officers; we may as well step down and . t f H out it we do not taRe an interest m tms wors; we must throw off timidity and put on the armor-o- f faith; must put away our work when time' comes for us to attend to some duty "In Vio f!linrrh thft worlr first, nnr awh afterwards: must watch over our children every uay auu ivavu pmuuiw ui mc - . , 1 .1 4 uuu. said she was grateful to our Heavenly Father for. having given the Gospel to the earth; rejoiced to ne numoereu wnn ms oamts; we need to be taught every day that we may be prepared for his coming. Sister Annie Bird spoke at J some length ex- hortmg the sisters to appreciate the day in, which they lived; to be diligent and improve that they may have no wasted time to account for; to seek after the pleasures of eternity for those oi tms me are meeting; to De wortny oi - """ . ; rob them. The afternoon session of the Conference was -- turned into a testimony meeting. President H. D. Haight. was the first to address the meeting, spoke of his recent attendance at the dedication of the Bear" Lake Stake house: of the strong testimonies of some oi the leading brethren mere: mis was a day rf ciftinrt-D tllA WPflk Wflllld fall hv - J thft WAV? J not wait for any set must do our duty time as a "New Year etc, many who bear faithful testimonies and have good desires, I trine witn tne same ana act contrary-- to tnemv Brother Robert Wilson, spoke - at some length; said the time was near when it would be all the saints could do with a testimony alive in their hearts to stand faithful; it would take all their faith, and good works, "to endure what they would have to pass through; they must follow in the footsteps of the servants of God who had faced death for the Gospel's sake; spoke of the happiness that would, be brought about by a perfect unity, such -as made Jesus and the Father one. . - to-da- . 1 y, A. 7" . X X I. ; 1 Jex-Blak- n, e, -w- star-chamb- ast . - 