5 Programme, "Address to Jbe Primary" Johpnie MerrilI.H5ohg7 Irene Merrill; Questions on the first Primary answered by Ray Grant; Essay o"h "Truth," Charlie Peterson. Song-- Agnes Kenner, Rockaby Baby,' accompaniment by Miss Strom-ber- g. Questions asked by Miss Agnes McDonald answered by the children. Recitation Lettie Carter, "Let the old cat die." Song, Lilie and May Burt. Dialogue "The Mormon Missionary," Misses Aggie McDonald, May 'Merrill, JCharte - , Wls7Ckrtie;PetVrsbn:CrReading Remarks were made by Sixers ilieFr eeze Elle niJaauson-Zina-DH;-Youn- g. The children Sang, " We are the children of the Saints," then brief addresses from . Sisters B. W. Smith, E. B. Wells and Relief" C. Atwood-Sang,"Le- t us all speak" kind words to each other," dismissed with prayer by the Bishop." There has been a very decid'ed improvement in this Association during the last few years, and the President and her aids are deserving of great credit for their zeal and earnestness in training the little.ones in the paths of duty and obedience and correct principles. A noble and grand labor for the young women of Zion. Stromberg. this end, and bear in mind, 'thls fact that our Maker has ordained, and made us subject to the weaknesses? of the flesh to keep us humble. And that it is not for one to boast above another, or say "I am more righteous than thou." For though' we may be comparatively free from certain faults that we see in a brother or sister, it is not improbable that we are ' given to just as great, and maybe greaterones, - And this should . . j jt i hearts for those evils, which perchance are hidden from our sight while they are being freely dis- that we work making me poor to rejoice, etc., msteaa ot seeking hoarding or squandering it on unworthy objects, to the gratification of lusts. His blessings UDon Such have heen richly poured out, temporally and spiritually. I have known a few of this class, and I have known not a few who- might have gathered around them an abundance of the good things of this earth, out desired rather" to spend their lives and their tO M nt, un-ho- lv - All . : I Z . a 1 w . r r IB into His kingdom. The althjthisjwqrjd .cannot bring happiness . as it has proven to thousands. Though Dame ronune is otten prodigal, she is mostficMend- though we do right in all other things and 'lack as we read in the good book, "it is an easy thing, charity we will be rejected by our Father in the . ; u . i TJIo .r ii Hi .u itr -i!.rt-Tj..- t onu-suaac- n c uidy wcn ds. .iiy w jumwi. i TO nlilKe a wuiug) "j v longer are we to be chastened to bring us to that poor man rich. Wealth and all things, else are oneness which is required,and must exist through from God. Many, kings have sat down upon the out the length and breadth of the church of .God ground, and one that was never thought of hath .in fulfilment of the great and marvelous plan of worn ac.ro wn. isoDuity- are to be and and should be which are we salvation, admired, honored wherever redemption, looking for in this the last dispensation oh the fulness of found ; "and equally odious is the class whose times. These are things which should absorb the loftiest ambition is to "shine insoclety,!!Land SVA-PJprofessing conceitedly rank themselves peers, because their Sain t, e sp e dally. by th ose, . spoke in the wheel of time happens to be upwards" Jhenameo f Latter-da- y and feel themselves superior in ratio." And the jvJhoJiaYeJbeeji privilegedTo .set4heir feet upon this mind that has become so warped and contracted KEEP US FRDM FALLING. soil, to make homes among these mountain fastas to measure a person's worth by his worldly nesses, which the Lord preserved for His people Our Savior says "Whatever is highly esteemed as a safe gathering place for those who wish to advantages and possessions, and feel it condecency or bemeaning to associate with a brother or sister among men is an abomination in the sight of build up Zion. Those who have not yet reached God." And to "Seek first tor the kingdom of the true standard themselves should be careful in becauseof their lowly circumstances here, the? -- will heaven, and all other things shall be addetithere-- 1 Ijconfommng hardly. be prepared to dwell with" the Redeemer -- to. For what shall it profit a man if he shall gain of the world, who was of the poorest and the most all constituted alike, having- been born and be the whole world and lose hisown soul? Or what gotten under circumstances as various as are our despised and hated,durfng his earthly pilgrimage, shall a man give in exchange for his soul?" and said to his diciples, "Blessed are the poor in features, or as one star In the heavens above us Surrounded, and mixed up with the world aud varies from the other, and upon whom none but spirit for theirs is the kingdom of heaven." its temptations which are calculated to draw the the Great Ruler of the universe is able to pass a "Blessed are 'the meek for they shall inherit the ra,tuind.and affections away from that path which correct and just judgment. Few are capable of earth." I have met many in the lowliest walks. Mthe Lord has marked out, rintoforbidden ones that in my associations through life, whose brightness merciful asHe is merciful toward the weak lead down to eternal misery, and to' endure the and erring who, because they have wandered, or and superior intelligence demanded my greatest scoffs and derisions of the proud, be hated of respect and admiration. They were often found perhaps fallen into some snare set for their feet, all men, persecuted, imprisoned, and slain for are by some deemed 'to be in possession of : superior knowledge their educapast all redemption. ' live the tion being far in advance of those whose groveling religion of Christ, requires a Many who deem themselves saints would treat seeking'to minds soar no higher than this world with' its strength and determination unknown among the them with disdain, and even call in question those Latter-day modern professors of Christianity. The who would act the part of the true Samaritan. fleeting and innumerable shams, and mockeries, Saints have learned that to be saved requires, Like the Pharisees who questioned the caring only for its flattery and their present ag- propriety of Christ's sitline at meat with miblicans and something more than merely to believe on Jesus, . graimizcmeni. faith is without works that There will be found at the close of this short . dead, and also that it sinners when He answered "Them that be whole e fit for work to'become is a the kingdom need no physician, but they that are sick." career, some wonderful and unlooked for disof heaven. I hough the cost may be taken into closures. Many a one who has appeared in the This classification, which we see growing in the consideration by the converts, pre vious.tQ.l- going, midst-f-thLatter-da- y Saints,- - isamong the' humblest garbs ana been looked down upon as of down into the waters of baptism,rit"ls impossible me illustrious ones Who stumbling blocks in the way of the weak, whose - unworthy-the-notice--realize the extent of the trials, and for them to faith has not been sufficiently established irr ther juage-oF one's quaIihcationsby their outward willTequire at their hands truth to cling to it, and to" the behests of the AI- adornments, will be found in positions before the , before they can become pure and spotless in His mighty regardless of. the acts committed by mem throne that will cause a sensation similar, to be fitted and into His bers of His church; and this is another reason to that of the Jews when they learn that Jesus, sight, prepared to enter1 rest. More particularly is this the case when they for increased diligence on their part in seeking whom they held in scorn and derision and cruciare filled with the first love of the gospel. For for His Spirit, and that perfect knowledge that fied was truly the Christ. the Holy spirit makes one feel that no trial-or- . will enable them to discern the difference between The following extracts from a "Revelation can too be for them to meet and the works 'of God, and those of man. The Saints temptation great given through Joseph the Seer at Kirtiand Ohio, . ! C overcome. - But in the day of adversity, when .wa n.Cl.Ul. f are to be tried in all things, in prosperity as well- - Tuna ait vt us nrr liai Ken as adversity, and those whose carnal desires sur O. ve my people who orofess mv name, saith th whelmed in the darkest clouds of tempjatio, and pass Aheirlave ofthe true riches may be - Lord your God, for behold, mine anger is kindled gratified waves and tribulation ofsorrow roar and but to their condemnation, "Whe re mueh-- is avy know mine dash with hopeless fury upon the frail and help- - given much is required." have known manv arm ana mine indignation, in the day of visitation less beings, mistrusting themselves, and fearing,-an-d who once rejoiced in this Gospel, but as soon as and of wrath upon the nations. . ; lest be then trembling they swept away, "And he that will not take up his cross and folthey the sun of prosperity began to shine upon them, begin to realize more fully what it costs to be a low me, and keep my commandments, the same they forgot the .Giver and were lifted up in pride, : saint. became-sloth:-r-r-p servants-an.and ful shall not be saved. apostacy t hose who are firm in the faith know that God the result. "The earth is the Lord's "Behold thus saith the Lord unto ray people who created every living thing, and planned the . and and-- He has promised you have many things to do and to repent of for and restoration of can redemption to all those who will seek first the kingdom of every soul, behold, your sins have come up unto me. and are -willingly trust Him, knowing that He will place heaven, that all other thingshalUmdflpft theretozr trdraert 7- .; no more ut own ways. rHe,Jn :kindnes7hasiilieW to bear., and that. He tries them onlv accnrd in &r tn what in their youth and inexperience would . - . "And your hearts are not satisfied, and ye obey .j their capacity 'to endure. He has commissioned . doubtless t havej proven :rthe!: destruction pf Ihe not the truth, but have pleasure in unrighteouswill who for intercede His children and majority, as was shown in the start, at Kirtiand, angels ness. ." '' v . ever stand beside them in the hour of danger, and .Ohio. "No man can serve two "Wo unto you rich men,; that will not give your masters, for he affliction, unless their "acts are surh as tn will either hate the one and love the other, or else substance to the poor, for your riches will canker and drive them away; He has given to all their he will hold to the one and your sou!s ; and this shall be your lamentation despise the other;, ye free agency, and it is every one's privilege, to act God serve and mammon." Where His in the day ot visitation, and of judgment, and of cannot upon, that agency; We all have an individual have been used properly, to the; buildin bounties indignation, the harvest is past, the summer is I work to perform, and it is to our own interest His kingdom, feeding and clothing, and up of ended, and my sdulis not saved! cussed- byour-neig- h ' I v " ana-excellen- ce . - -- - -- " life-tim- & - of-G- od Q"-- 1 -agai- nst-theebdlfoTisndhrshall . 7 - d " y was-generall- -- . . -- - 