WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 94 form the different Presidents who are present." After-repor- ts from the Presidents, Bister John of her youth to find the noble oak to which she called on bister JLast from Arizonawho was can ch'ng, or imagines she can, fprth in: '.i. u r nresem. the strength of his manhood to meet his fellow iu s )eait iu us. She said: "Although my face is strange my man in the battle of life; he can face the world with you. I have been for he stands on an equal footing with all whom prepare ourselves for storm, or fair weathen for spirit 13 in unison absent from this part of the country for ten he meets, he has a voice in the election of the war, or peace, for prosperity, or adversity. Thou .... ... I I. 1. officers who make the laws by which he is govhast blest us in early youth, thou hast been with years; previous to my going buutu x uvea wnere the- - words and us all the journey of life thus far," and we pray. I could hear and treasure-uerned, and is eligible to hold any office to which teachings of President Young, and Sister Eliza she Thee, that Thou wilt forget us not in our . he may,aspire or to which he may be elected R. Snow." Spoke of the changes fhe. exdevotes the best twenty or thrity years of her life ing years. Thou didst cause that the. earth should perienced iii attending' meeting, quoted some and . Jo.a labors roll into existence, arid from chaos it was formed. shetoils ot the inspired sayings ..ot..iiei.)ej.,U. Kimball. complains not: -- she ensures davs of pain and Thou didst clhise. that the eaith should produce "ljet Ti5"atteira to ourTiuiies,"!! 13: not wisdom so "vegetation, and that the human, and animal creanights of watchfulness, and is to fill up our time with vanities, teach your tion should subsist upon it, and dwell upon its. fong as she can minister to the wants of hus band and children,", well would Jt be. for her if face ; and now we do implore Thee, that Thou: children holy principles, they have a mighty minion to perform," etc provision were' always made for her declining wilt bless the earth, that it may still bring forth years: instead of this she too often finds herself vegetation, and that Thou wilt cause the dews o Daniels, Conference adjourned till 2'p. ra. standing alone- oeren ot hinrsne neia uear,DroKen-dow- n heaven to descend, and the rains in due season. Cou- AfterftOQfl.seisioiL.coiivened both mentally and. physically,, yet. is . s he ..Wilt forthe ference commenced by singing and prayer7 . and all --animal creation, that we mayt compelled to face the world anew, to strike out Sister East spoke to us again occupying into new and untried paths, to begin the battle of feel to praise Thy holy name that mankind does most of the time in the afternoon, giving a very -life afresh, without the strength and energy that live. Wilt Thou the Great Eternal command interesting account of her first hearing the was hers in the days of her youth before she deand the the lightningj-th- e elements, a nf hn T o foi rJaTTQ nroo nV a, earthquakes, voted herself to her labor of love she is not only that they may be manifested for ught: byJieii grandparents that when the often compelled to work for her own support, but and animal creation. We pray for right gospel should be prachedthesigns that also to provide for a helpless family. the weak; we pray for the afflicted, and we pray are spoken of in the- scriptures should : follow What is now her situation as compared with "for the strong, that they may be willing to help them that believed. The first Mormon hymn her brother man; she performs a double duty, she cVio prpr hpnrrl cunrr iroa "Wlmf woo wltnoccor the weak. We that of the burdens pray carry raises and provides for her "family, she is the head Thou wilt in Thine own way and time," mellow in the heavens." And the Elders then gave of her household,shei amenable to the laws; if she the hearts of the wicked and immoral, that Thy an account of Joseph Smith's mission, and we has property it is taxed, but she has no voice in . e over-thwere promised mai 11 we sougnt ior it we grace mayspreadand framing the laws or in the election of the men who whole earthy that not be nomtrKnow tor ourseivesT" ! sought tor a tes"administer them. Is not this an injustice? ..Hath known, and righteousness triumph; "Wilt Thou timony through fasting and prayer, and not a woman eyes? hath she not ears? hath no1 received the gift of tongues and prophecy, and be with the rulers of the nation, that Thy voice -- a woman brains? is not her intelligence of as high shall reach their ears in their council chambers, rejoiced saying, now I know that God lives; I an order as the negroes? And it was considered that they may fear to make unjust lawsand that bore a testimony to the same in meeting, at sufficient reason to deluge the country with blood they may study to improve and make better those that time, the Elders were persecuted and spit that they might enjoy rights that are. denied to already formed, that the cries of the people may upon by some. My father said go home with woman It is thought by some, if woman has the not reach Thee because of oppression. Wilt thou me and I will find a place for you where they will not spit on vouthe Elders replied, never ballot there is danger that she will forget her wosoften the hearts of the rigid, tharthe nieans that mind they spit upon our Saviour. I had manhood, she will lnse hpr refinement and asnirp man has at his disposal may be used for the whole to positions that nature and her delicate organiza- - of bum ... T I t j rfl ."Iff - t.iv11 a irauori xi is now .ou iwiiiii uuiu tic aotv nuum one uc icas a but ever bend the knee in humble reverence to tutu a icsiuiiuiiyi woman? would she not still be a wife and mother? Thee. . Wilt Thou be with woman as Thou hast and I feel determined to stand faithful to the would she fulfill these duties less faithfully because with man, to strengthen her where she is weak end Joseph Smith died for the .Gospel. "A she knows she stands on an equal footing with her that- shemay aid in the defense of truth and mother may forget her husband politically as well as socially? Would nursing child, but the and where her voice is heard throughout right, Lord will not cVta forget His people." The Gedof she he less a fnmnaninn frr li!m ...... Kaphico VV.V.UV4V OUW rin rW.- - W. the broad face of the earth, may it have echoin and Joseph Brigham and our God will deconverse intelligently on subjects that interest him the hearts of the honest, and may she serve to liver us, Amen. most, or would she be less competent to instruct smooth the wrinkles of unjust laws, as she does Sisters Standring, ClufFand Daniels and also her sons,or would they respect her less because she and has, the pillows beneath the aching heads of fcusa 1 uates made additional remarks in the uuuciawuu iuc juuspi uucncc oi inc. country wmcn Thy soldiers and servants. We pray Thee - that same spirit and bore stroner testimonies , to the thev nre in tnw hnnnr nnKla 1tnrr uvrwiw T 1. y f Thou wilt i...iL bless handmaidens in here .f .1iuis xjaiier-uathis Thy .iijrthis sub u uiu vi worK. women are awake to the importance of little nook in the- - valleys of --the mouhtains,that " Sister John felt that Ave had been blessed in ject, auu die. diiduug mc waiers ox puDiic opinion we may perform noble and grand acts that will , medium losemer. wisnea to near ner testimony Jt! i ti f uuJ it.... ror it is wen. uicjr win eventually inumpn, with the, rest of her sisters. Conference was compare with the grandeur of the mountains known all great reforms have small beginnings. around. Hear us O Father at this time, and acadjourned for three months. Sieging, . We do not intend to sit down n. the corner and of onr humble offering for we dedicate ourcept "The spirit of God like a fire is burning." cry for sugarplums when there is so much needed our and our cause unto Thee, selves, meeting, Benediction by Mother Duke. work to be done, we do not believe in the fiction' our sins, in the name ;of asking forgiveness . of the clinging vine, for although woman is moreC. Daniels, Sec. ; y Amen. in delicate her organization than"man, though she may sometimes carry her love of the refined and LAIE, HAWAIIAN ISLANDS. the beautiful to an extreme, still her heart is of K. 8 Y, L. M. I. A.. AKD P. A. Hounq: oak,-- amrwhercalledl pass through scenes ot Our half yearly conference of the TMief trouble and distress, often exhibits a fortitude and Society of the Hawaiian mission was held .at carries burdens at which man would shrink, and Laie, Oct. 5. .We had a con when the trumpet sounds and the watchman on : Jlinutes of Conference of the Belief Society ference "the branches all very interesting the tower cry aloud that the day is breakingwo-- . of .Utah Stake, held in : the Meetin houe being better represented than at any previous one, and a much man will be there with man and receive the reProves City, August SO, 1889, , Preadent better understanding of their duties 13 plainly ward of victory. .Mary John presiding, assisted by her Couu-serit is new to most of them, hence they manifest, " Conference opened by PlIEBE C. YOUNG. . singing and mase many mistakes, but in most instances prayer, Ihe minutes of the former Conference were read,also the half yearly reports TrWthe is required of them. r PRAYER. v branches of jlillerent the society.: v By Dr. Elvira S. Barney. It will be seen that we are making some proSister John said she felt ..; to pleased meet the At the U, W. S. A. Convention held in sisters in Conference gress, nine new" organizations have been1 orWas ' again. with L. pleased S. the Assembly Hall. ganized since last April. There are now 31 1 snowed the sktfra us , . uo ,1 mg branches with a membership of 570. As the i. meir means to help the O Ood, the Eternal, the Father of the eta y e poor, meet miSSlOn 13 11irrPfl!innf in nnmKoa heavens in 1?1ta Mere logetuerfromtime to time- - to irairi and the earth, in the name of thy Son Jesus strength frqm one another. We proportion will our branches increase. " A few have been we disa small Christ, portion of the; human family1 ago it was a question with the Elders of appointed in not having SisietEB. A?ellsvith years assemDiea ourselves togetherjunder the mission of the advisability of organizing a is us as we expecteWe will hear verbal reports Relief Society among the Hawaiian Sister If perchance she is.fortuate enough roof, for an especial purpose and we, do pray Thee, that Thou wilt inspire both : the- speakers,-an- d the hearers, with a portion of thy heavenly divine influence, that good shall be the result. of our assembling together that we may learn, and in the days - he-go- es A A. I ... p r of-lov- and-she-suff- e; (" ers -- well-content- ed at-5-.p-- hou-temper-lhe-clraate- good-of-mankind, - form-a-cano- -- sinand-wiekednessm- py ay -- 1 . .. " - ':. .r: l: ; ; - -- Hutw-Hrmn- : r? 1 - . 1 6"f-Jes- us. RPQKIAmpj s. . - - luc-icuuris- , : "ic " -- m 1 