WOMAN'S- - EXPONENT. 16(3 bodies lose their superior power of action and endurance, and their- - capacity for food and sleep, tso Jong will there be little doubt that the saying of our neighbor, uLa ba'rbe impose" will i ... The yprbal reports from the different presidents showed a fair condition of 'each society. "A good work had been done the past winter in v. caring for the poor and sick. The great; burden of the instructions from the different speakers was. the training of our . . remain substantially correct. - The?e quasi material causes might ;be put of place, where abstract-justi- ce aQsvvrelit-- a rigid logicrbufc; ;elriIdfeHT:hey in this, world of incalculable movejnents of that we Have" aprayer hearing God. Teach checks and eouuter-cuecks- , them faith in every principle of the Gospel, they present themselves as something more than the "windage" and see that they keep good company. for which in all reasoning we, are bound to The necessity of progression, of humility allow. It would seem that the alarmists and dependence upon the Lord was dwelt upon. mentioned are reckoning without that The great mission of the sisters, and the many above force which binds together man great primal ' and woman and for. which the higher develope- - :gLJ3,to: , : Sister Lunt bore her testliuong to the truth take courof this work- and the divinity of - Celestial age in remembering the comparative stability Marriage, baid she knew it would exalteyery. of the operations of nature, judged by the man and woman who had entered into it with shortness of the days of man; in any case, to pure hearts and had kept their covenants. s these-grantin a the She also spoke of the good influence we should largeness of plant quiet hope of time Tlemaudelllorjthe changes she carry with us, and gave some interesting reis supposed to ettect. miniscences of her'early life. Brother Fotheringham spoke of the Wheat still further upon this and in the tares growing together "and the day of most effective style of reasoning subject and referring to the time "when physical force separation that is to come. Said we would have ruled the world," etc., and a woman who had no to be purified as gold seven times tried in the man to marry, her was forced to seek the refuge fire. Referred to the trials andi persecutions we are undergoing, and said there were some of the cloister," and dwelling upon the tioas oOheseiesuudeiuKose: ci rcu instances,-sh- e oLthe - greates- t- heroines living uo Wrthathad says: "But now. a day has come when if been upon the earth. The speaker expressed the "seven women" of the prophet would not: his pleasure in seeing and ."hearing President "take hold on one man" some of them must Woodru ff and "Apostle" Cannon speak to the be resigned to belong to themselves, and pre- people the previous Sunday in Salt Lake, and to stand up and light the battle of life thought the cloud that had been hanging over pared i ' the people so long, had lifted a 1 ittle so we - ftlUiiC. , could get a glimpse of its silver lining. "The g , The Stake and local officers of the Relief property-holdingprofessional, or working is woman suffered to have no voice in the regSociety were unanimously sustained. The : ulation of the taxes, or the law under which choir sang "Glory to God on High" and bene she must live or die; and if they would influ-e- n diction pronounced by .RobertStoney,clos . ce" them at all, they must have recourse to what had been a very enjoyable conference, the nearest man possibly her brother, coach--ma- n although not as numerously attended as others or gardener, or the laborer in her fields - which have been held in this Stake. as the stalking horse ot her own unrecognized A spirit of peace and union prevailed dur ing the con fereuce,: and all" who attended "felt ": then She. treats eloquently the stateof to rejoice. of woman etc, and quotes Louisa Jones, v tutelage from Shakespeare: i:.:. Stake Secretary, Relief Society. -- . edi piritual-feksfouIcTtid'tti- - - After-elaborati- ng -- . - ; " law-abidin- rate-paying- de-pende- nt r "There is a divinity which shapes our ends," and reasons further thus: "Had it so continued woman '. in these Isles could have1 "dropped into the jaws" of some one man and so "ceased'- - as . us" r- "Themarch of civilization is one sure, if slow. - progression from the ruleof the strongest to the t(i uai right devitie, and.it: w ill no t sto p short of -its Iegitimate.end."- - - : .to-.th- -- -- BEAVKH STAKE. ; Jte " " The BeaTer" Stake Relief --was4iehl on FrtdaycSlarcto day Saints meeting house, Beaver City, fore' :.. noon and afternoon. 1 1, i : i v President; Lucinda HSwd presided. There We re present representatives from the va rious wards, Sister Ellen' Lu n t, stake president of of Irou 1 County; President . Relief Society Murdcck and Counselors; Bishop Smith and other brethern, and qui te a good showing of r "' :"" ' the sisters. Society-conference ; ; y- " -- -- shrank ourjavjarhenever he "-- sweat great drops of blood. tWe 'it y . y- -- rr rr-"7- ' -- --b- een meix-imuure- u - " "V . The Quarterly conference of the Relief Society of this Stake was held in the Fourteenth Ward assembly rooms, in this City, Thursday, March 4, 1889, rs. M. I. Home presiding. On the platform were also seated President Zina D. H. Young, Counselor,, B. W. Smith and the Stake secretary. Conference opened by singing "Once more we come before our God,", prayer by Mrs". E Howard; sing ing, 'Where the voice of friendship's heard." Roll called and seventeen .Presidents eight . President Mary John thought we had considerable to encourage Although it looks rather gloomy at present, there is a good time coming for the Saints." Referred to- the signs of the times etc. Counselor Emily G. CI uff thought we should all concentrate our thoughts in prayer that the speakers may say something that will edify and Jnst.ru cfc ' Spoke of the similitude of on r iy. "of our Savior1 while on this at periences earth; reviewed our coming into these val leys, and of the ltve existing amoVg us as a people at that time. "We are and have been persecuted, but if we are humbleaiid prayerful we will succeed; we should each ha vea testimonyr of the truth for ourselves," etc. y --presidents pfth'6V3irent branches-gave: very satisf actojvefotk whom-thewere: eailedto presideTTrConferece7 aojoumeu tin z p.m. Afternoon session. Conferencft KtiphpH witK the usual xmises ster Jlarilial. Daniels said: "I want to hear my .testimony to the truth of this work; if we live up to the light we have received we jviif come off" victoricnis. We are to be peffecttd through sufferiog like . "The soul of things is strong; A seedling's heaving heart has moved a stone." n 8 ALT LAKE STAKED Conference opened with sinrineand nraver: reading of minutes etc, and reports from the different branches in the county. able that no word would have been heard among us of any further" suffrage." 11 "But the stream of tendeucv which set3 in the way of woman's advauce-i-s irresistiblerand the vital rational principles incorporated in her claim, could in the end win alone in the struggle with material resistance." kuow'-heyare-i- .. The Relief Society conference of Utah Stake was held in the meetinpr house Provo Cir.v March 1st, 1 889. Prest. M ary John presiding. aocial-uuitHs-highlyfobi" . ' UTAH 8TAKE. . thaWevery gain the good spirit by coming to meeting,. and we are stirred up to remembrance by so doing!" Spoke of the Primary and urged irents to senl their- - children to those meetings, their . uoys as wen as ineir girja. Sister Standring gave a. good report of the Lehi Society, and said: "LTealize that it is ; through - the - goodness of God that we exist." Spoke of 'laboring in the Manti Temple and of the power of God manifested therein. 'T know thatGod liyes and if we draw nigh unto Him, He will draw nigh unto us." Felt that the Lord was with us by his Holy Spirit today; when we hear sisters bear their testimonies 3ojheJ.ru ttLflfJbfc work,! we the pathway of their duties. We are passing through a school of experience,., and if ,we are Jaithful we have the promise of returning to our Father's presence again to dwell with Him for evermore. We are called to great responsibilities and shall have to render - anecount" for what has been placed upon us; let the kingdom : of God be first in our thoughts; the power of God is gained through knowledge; the Savior has passed through what we are pass ing through; This kingdom will never be thrown down and we will be made, to rejoice. Let us keep our covenants tlTat we may receive the woids "well done good and faithful ser- "" van t." Brother Allred, by invitation of President John, s poke to the sisters. Said he felt blessed in meeting with the sisters; but if he should lattenapt iorefer.tathe good things that had said, he would have to repeat all that he had heard for it had been a stream of good things springing up unto everlasting life; endorsed what had" been said in reference to sending our children to the Primary meetings; thought it the duty of parents not only to send uut themselvesKnew the Lord would he' well we would if pleased obey "the word of wisdom." The Lord is trying to unite us for He has said: "if ye are not one ye are not mine" etc. AnnaKShlot" Mlowed wTth some truly;. appropriate remarks on various subjects, after which Prest. John adjourned the conference for three months. She felt the spirit of God had. been with us through this conference etc. ' Benediction by Brother Graves Caroline Daniels, Secretary. . Uounselorsy&nd : sponueiiz; Minutesfthein'evion3conferenT!evere Tead and accepted, also reports from 42 branches of this Staked -- fresident Zina D. H. Young was the first speaker, she made many excellent suggestions f - . . inrregardtohe,various and' spoke -- dutiesf theogietyr especially about 'the storing ; of wheat; thought the integrity and guod works oiLne-sistersmat- ter oi-rejoi- emgr ; PresfdeniFHorne read a letter from an Elder in England, soliciting, meari3 for a distressed family in Rainham England, her native town; she asked - the sisters to help in this matter. She spoke, of her visit to the penitentiary the day previous, to. see her son, Bishop Joseph Horiie, who was there suffering, imprisonment for conscience sake. Made other remarks1 . appropriate teethe occasion. Counselor ; . B. .W. Smith spoke of the en 