.A m RigMs ofthe Vol. 17. theJFomoJLaUtions, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAII, FEBRUARY Exponent. MOTHERS For the A Womn of Zlon; and the Rights of to fhi3 movement has met with slurs and opposition at every step, just as every truth has always been oposedljylfl adversary; but and 'misrepresentation' and VE AND HOPE. not-witblSppo- aitioa Life is ., . A I a dream, you. say? dream both sad and sweet dream of rnem'ry to the old and grey, Of hope to the young andjleet. know, I know to-da- -morrow . y these baby lips; I moan a'trd sigh and pray For rhy. bright love's sad eclipse I kiss -To- , ; that liter ' ' 7 Oh, dimpled baby hands", pure heavenly eyes, And feet eo sweet and dear, through many: lands Ye will walk in glad surprise. - . y Through your dreamyv youthful days? And must I give thee up, sunny lamb? My Must my loved one taste earth's To blight this heav'nly calm? love-kisse- d, Notlhat I think cup, ed suffering have both TaTlenTo herrrrncetben, and while she has not shirked her own heavv nallino'. shf has TtiiaUpdMjni'e ftotimesiassumedpatienUyUhLpartallottd: t I to ner nusDana as wen. mmis nas proven iner own faithfulness, and if mau may have often failed in his part, and with an unsympathetic heart laid his burden upon his patient, conscientious, suffering wife, let him render his account unto Him who assigned unto each his ' position! 1 All things may' tempt my boy, . i Earth's tinsel dazzles so, And the peaceful hope of a. heav'nly joy '! My darling might soon forgo. , 11- , we must pray and struggle-temancipate ou reel yc3 from vanity, envy, disy and Jill that is cord, In the meantime narrow-mindednes"- - signs, that women are becoming restless beneath their oppressed situation. 1 he world's record will soon be finished, and when the millennium shall set in, and the curse be removed, the sudden emancipation of women without forethought- would have a startlinsr and un- pleasan t, effect. ,It were better to awaken first and struggle for what we believe to be right, and then in the end to be gowned with success by a just and righteous Gad. I write with . be all we own, Though to-dTo:mbrrow a dream unfilled, And yesterday glide to the Past alone, .marred by the life we willed. Thousrh the morrow we know not of May bring sorrow and sad unrest, Let us trtTthat ' the Father wno sees from above 0 ; Will lead baby as He knows best. ay - --L- Qnly -- I theineeknes3-aud-humilit- y 16 of the Spirit of Christ, and all that cometh not from. God. We must leafu that .noble independence which shrinks not, frpm drawing tjbe censure and contempt of others upon itself, so long as it U in defense of princito be true. We ples wh ich i t hout-sshall find that in thjs lies the greater emancipation and better -- freedomr which will prepare and make us worthy of equal condition with honest and" iutelligent men. If We are in Truth Tinferior to him in attainments of knowledge, and our hearts are devoted to winning the carnal eye of praise andJlattery,lnstead of learning the things that are necessary for government, how eanwe consistently claim an equal political place by his side?' It were better to study the sciences and general truths of nature's God, than to devote our time and souls to the following of 'fashion or the giddy, fascinating,, alluring, but hollow, dead sea ashes of the woildis tinsel. "Ali hail, then, to the"" woman's movement ! Mav it snread over all the land, and its spirit enter every heart'that desires to see the triumph of Right and Justice! 1 -- Ruby Lamont. Beaver, Utah. EilESNlWOJilEN. Distinguished women of the past are a study, as well as men of mark. Though they have been, fewer in number, and have had more fiindrflnfPi? in the wav of their pros: ress, yet, recorded in the annals of history; are jhe yo names ot s'ome inusiriout wuujcu, nuu to be held in honorable remembrance, for the service they have done the world in education,; science, art and literature. yWe recall their names with a mingled degree of just pride and to remember pleasure, and we are gratified them as holding rank of the human race. Some we cannot help loving, though we find them very imperfect in character, and faulty in their lives. Yet we must recollect their peculiar .condition and surroundings, the age in which they lived with ail i 8 bigotry and prej ud ices, a u d ma k e due allowance for human weaknesses. Often we have & lingering tenderness for those o( whom we read; they appeal, to our sympathies dcalt:out " eemotions-o- f --our affectional nattirp and stimulate us through these, to deeds of kindness, and noble exertions to become worthy a similar place in the hearts of firmlv believe that our Heavenly Father loves His daughtes just as 'well And the eyes 3 o bright m as he loves His sons, and that He does not deShall with wisdom's light be filled, sire the glorification of one at the sacrifice of To safely guide through the narrow way the happiness of the other. strife be stilled. Till all earth-bor- n Women are respected in communities or na-- . And the change that will surely come tions in proportion to the status of civilization O'er my innocent, priceless love, of those nations. In savage society, they are Will at last, wheri he enters a brighter home held as little, if any, above the brutes. In Beam in peerless light above. -Turkey they are not believed to possess immorAnd there we all shall know tal souls; in more refined society their position this life was not a dream, is comparaiiveiy niguei, uui u many mcu a show, not was That its passing fleetness even here will not sneer at any effort for the a not And its throbbing gleam, higher education and standardorwoman, and look with more or les3 contempt (it may even But a solemn, solemn thing, be unconscious), upon a patient, loving, plodAnd its love a light from heaven; wife ! Of course men And there of its glory "thejr-e'may sing, ding, who know that this is true will hide themselves Wr contemjraries. Who have loved and been forgiven. acknowl-PfW- . behind a score of excuses, but the hard factof admiration; yet candor- compels us to And love shall not pine and sigh their nower as a lever ia the socialstruct- inconsiderate indifference, heedlessness and yFor a.purity blemished and fled, oren- ts, conscious superiority (?) remain the same. This Hireralbeit they L.i But the innocent light of my baby's eye list our affections. We should not pe iorgeti u i " 7is aim os t a gen eraUlaul ttnougn QnenictLAn ' Will revive in that world ahead ! of those who have labored to belter the cond Ruby Lamont. our 5ermonsV8elf:examini ' though they have of their fellow-being.J.. leaver, Utah. toward better living,. is quite overlooked. stage of action. Mankind I have said the station 'of woman accords in passed on to another are reaping the benefits of their works and communities with their culture and civilization. MOVEMENT. THE WOMAN'S the "effect their lives and Is it not, then, possible that when we once' their books, through sentiments have' had ' upon education; laws, civilizaand reach that have, pertect glorious high, Since the days of Eve her dayghtrs There is tion which we aspire to in that great future governments and public? opinion. lived under the curse of social inferiority to individucelestialize the good and pure, we much to be learned from the live3 of shall which the hi brother man. -- In this generation als. But we can only study those of a past of the meet there "thorough emancipation been may has displayed to of this condition our sex, and find them elevated to their proper ae, who have made themselves known the for confidence, for , to-d- ay o con-tfar- '', to tru"egrtratness7 TQ,meJtseem3likeone of the latter day Of memory, dreatas of hope, finejl With foolish; foolish schemes;1 And bound in a narrow scope, fougn I place. Ay, verily, nor will' we accomplish ' this before that time. t er It is true that labor and But the sorrow and care that come to all fate. Will darken his "life--'- tis But no ! though life be dreams ehild-reanngph- 4 sin-stain- fall he-wil- l and g would curtail other aspirations which man Of the two He knew that the former wouhje of the greater importance to the world, and therefore, in the guise' of a curse, bestowed upon her the blessing to be .subject to man, that she might the better fulfill her mission, and that in this mission she might receive the support and protection of him whom He made stronger for the world's battles. . ' child-bearin- Would have the opportunity to follow: ;r So glad, so bright the world VV ill seem to your early gaze; . : Will ye bear the siren's flag unfurled den ou ncement, even by women themsel ves, it has made a very marked progress within the last fifty, years. This is well. God, who made us all, and who is no respecter of persons, in-- .. tended that woman should in every way be equal to man in dignity ; but He also knew the station in which she would be placed while on earth, No. 17. 1, ISS'J tdrs among-theriioble--bene-fac- -- 1 --- That " ' over-burdeue- d r - doot-touchurhear- "" , . s, irk-eomene- the. woman's movement ss equal rights, - y ,zyz 