WOM-AN'- upon thy pages with their rarest thoughts, as they would, bring their gifts to deck beauty's form. Let thy columns be the repository the archives of treasured thoughts, and records wrought from the minds and the hearts of the daughters of thy people. Soon, no longer maiden, but woman, dear Exponent, may thy presence be welcomed in ten thousand homes, telling what Zion's daughters have done, the magnitude of their enlarging fields of usefulness, and their stiH,grander you are eighteen, dear hopes-Whe- n Exponent, no when you are twenty; perhapspnay you will add a fold or two to your skiits,' and embellish them with journalistic attractions for, are -birlhri "you wear as many"honorsas any , other eldest born daughter of fame? take tirnej- - EXPONENT. S 13 E. B. Wells, editor of the Wom an's Exponent Salt Lake City, would address the society. .On motion the meeting adjourned for one ' Lingering Lover" Ethel Gertrude Park. One of the Counselors to Mrs. Mary Mc Allister, Mrs. Cecelia Sutherland nee Samuels was honorably released on account of moving from the ward, and 'a vote of thanks given her for faithful performance of duty; Mrs. Jane Ann Park was appointed Treasurer in the place of Mrs. Mary Samuels, who was also honorably released from the position. Singing and benediction closed the morning exer- cises. Ample refreshments had been prepared in the vestry, and the noon hour was profitably spent lingeneraLconversatiWnd the meeting of sisters-and- . friends socially. . Afternoon session: opened by singing "Love - d . note-worth- - v Joyce Crqciierox.PRIM ARY AT--M I LL - CRE EK7 SERICULTURE. Several young girls were taught the reeling of silk in Provo at the late Sister'Bcebee's residence and we sent quite a number of the skeins East to be worked up. The Silk Association of U tah Stake emigrated a woman, a silk weaver Jfrom England to Provo; who wove dress goods, and Uoo Handkerchiefs were made by her and another sister in this settlement, and, we donated 30 yards of silk goods to the Manti Temple as furnishings. We sent tojhe Chamber of Commerce a silk : handkerchief and reeled and spun silk which went - 1 Y, Mii Association at Mendon song, ; "The World's Jubilee." Programme third district, Mrs. and Mrs. Mary Ann Birch; Vivian andGinevra Hendrickson sang "Bright Last in the Exposition Car. Smiling Morning," George and John Home, We are now having 50 pounds of Cocoons spun dialogue, little' Mary Bess, song "I had a little which we intend makiDg into dress goods.LJThere letter," Vilate Morgan and Maud White, dialogue, is a great need felt for the proper machinery for entitled "jennieand Carrie," Gertie Winder song manufacturing the silk, but the sisters of this "Good Night.'' Mrs. Cobb' presented the name County do not feef like letting the silk industry of Mrs. Anzina Peterson to fill the place made die out, though we realize all new enterprises vacant by the resignation of Mrs. Celestia Hanson - Lave - to encounter many disadvantages, but we Mrs. Peterson' was who had moved, away. still have faith in President Brigham Young's as- unanimously sustained -- and Mrs. Hanson given surances on the silk question. a vote of thanks by the children; Mrs. Cobb ' '.. : M. A. Till, Prcst. afterwards made some very "appropriate remarks 2. '. Jane P. Jones, Secy. on order, obedience and the result of the same, Brother Graves wishes made public in the Bible questions and answers by Roy White and ' ,J ft nnnfpfl on nrin tn lha cill inrlitctnt Knf the reeling of silk to the District of Columbia as stated that they had intended to have had a manu experimental. ' in not had succeeded script paper preparedbut He received this spring from the Department at getting it into shape, however some of the articles Washington, a number of Official Envelopes and sent in for it, were read by the secretary,. Miss Circulars for distribution, also schedules to be Belle White. Mrs. Louisa Snedekar sent in her -answered renquiring'lhe number of trees raised resignation as secretary, which was accepted and for feeding silk worms, what experience and sucMiss Anna Bell was sustained to fill the position cess heretofore In raising cocoons, and the amount of secretary. Brief remarks suitable to the occa of eggs .wanted . which would be furnished gra sion and many i nstru cti 0 ns ; w ere m ade by " Drr Rr B.Pratt, Pres. E.C. Clawson and E.B.Wells. The tuitously. Brother Graves made it known through the meeting was adjourned with singing and prayer which was offered by MrJEljHJtk..Hnia PrejsirL papers and received applications for the same from as far north as Cache Co., and to St. George dent Relief bocietyMorning session minutes in Washington Co. Several persons in Provo were taken by Miss Nellie Carlisle, afternoon have taken eggs it being fully understood that the session Miss Belle White. Both these young womarket price will be given for all cocoons raised,", men habeenVery efficient helpsiin thePrimary or if preferred they' will be worked up on shares. Association. Would there were more of the girls z 31. A. Tl LL, in Zion would follow7 this example than there are, President, Utah Co., Silk Assocation. to come forward and render such able assistance Provo, June 5th, 18S9. with the little ones in teaching them the ways of the Lord.. iWORDS TO MOTliER&- rances-Hanson, ' 1 . . I . "S. . L "There wefefeserofasttors President Ellen CT Clawson and her Counselor Mrs. C. Cobb also Dr. R. B. Pratt. The meeting house presented an inviting appearance, with the beautiful children in summer attire, and the vases filled with roses' and fragranHlowers fronrthe field and garden. The exercises were varied and a credit to the Associa G:. ' , - . SUFFRAGE MEETING. The key of the Human Heart is sympathy. The of the Woman's The regular monthly meeting divine sentiment given more abundantly perhaps of was Association held in to mothers than to any other class of individuals. Ogden City Suffrage Court at the County Mothers what a grand thing to be a true mother room, June 3rd, 4 p. m. a attendance was all There in every sense of the word. The mother! The large appresent and. for the over enthusiastic which one who reigns supreme in a home: That guides object peared they tion. Each President had charge of the children had organized and met the franchise for woman. the stream of domestic life, and calms the disturbfrom her own district. The meeting opened with Mrs. Sarah Stanford Pres. presided,and Richards, ing elements, which often arise in the best regu- singing, "All nature invites her praise to God." jhajplairjj opened by prayer. :: The minutes of 'the' Jated householdsHer duty is v Prayer by Xlder Pliillip Carlisle, singing, "Nearer previous meeting were read and approvedr of that household. To each she should be an afHon.C. W.Penrose of Salt Lake, was introduced fectionate friend, a wise counselor, a k? nd re- -z my Savior to Thee." Minutes read by the Secre-tar- y and appfbved, also the yearly report. Proto the large audience and spoke on the privileges p rover. Her responsibility does not end with her gramme first district Mrs. Ann Lemon presiding; that should be accorded women. The Exponeft care for her children, but like the brooding wings Gertrude Cook, Washington Lemon and Mary in its net issue will publish a synopsis giving theof a dove must her ever wachfui heart be over all Fuller each gave a recitation, singing by all the princjpjjr which was'a most excellent and telling one. dishes is not a mere machine. She is a living soul, Clawson spoke a few words on this subject. ProAt the conclusion of Mr. Penroses ,' speechtparid jthough her lor beliumble and she . may have ' Miss Lizzie sang "The Brook" in a been reared m ignorance the mother has a duty to gramme "second district, Mrs. McAllister presiding exercises as followsY.iLiz2ie,B:oadeiyf Aclta. LcharmmS- pertornvta herran4 by a fewnvordrkindly spoken " Prof. L. D. Edwards. tion, ."Annie and Willie's Prayer," Celia Jen-somay gain her confidence and perhaps lasting afHon. Lorih Farr gave a short address. Earnest Jenson recitation, song by several fection, and both will be mutually benefited. A lively glee was sung by a number qfoung Show her that economy is not stinginess, by tellgirls. Rhoda Ann Boam recitation, Etta Jenson essay on lIodestyH Song several little girls ladies under the direction of Prof. Edwards. ing her, not to let the soap soak away in the dish"Sabbath Day." On call for members twornew names were ob Robie : Hamilton, Arthur water, dough enough to make a biscuit adhere to, tained on the roll. Williams, Bella Jenson each a recitation, instruthe mixing pan there to dry and be scraped off mental music by one of the girls, song'The Notice was given that at the next meeting Mrs. and away, sugar be spilt on the outside of : - :sivnhin-her-dGmains.--T- n ' . n, ; . L-- On Tuesday June 4th, we had the pleasure of a visit to the Primary Associations of Mill Creek Ward, the four districts having come together, as is their usual custom to hold an- - annual meeting. E. Pingree, Sec. -- -F- At this point in my paying my respects to the Exponent, the other guests could not restrain their impatience at my appropriating so much timerand-- I felt my skirt getttng-pulleby some one, whileotherscrowded past me with something in their, hands, and a general murmur' of pleasant voices rising higher ; and higher, abashed me into silence, and while the Expo nent peacefully smiled acknowledgement of my humble appreciation and good wishes, which was all T had to offer, (as is generally the case on y occasion,) she was every" other obliged to give directions to some one to summon several persons to make out receipts, and in less than a minute, there was such a fluttering of japers, exchanging hanfls,,an d sucTLa clmEng offalling coins, that I sank back in my chair, overdue wlthmy Tinsignificance, when the springs seemed to sink so entirely away, that I sprang up in alarm. Gracious ! was the Exponent's birthday reception all a dream? Well, then, as sure as l m saying mis to you, tnat dream means something; "its the forerunner of a good sign," as a dear old lady I once knew used to say. And believe this same dream was broiight abouf by my reflections on the reduction in the price of the - Exponent. I wouldn't have done it. A Mormon Woman's paper is worth two dollars, "more tEansome other papers are worth one dollar. . i, not,--by- ... : month. ; . th-o- wn . . 