WOMAN'S EXPONENT held in' the Salt Lake Theatre on Thursday, character .June 13, and were of a most interesting in of which we hope to give a more full account the near future; also the names of the graduates and-othitems of the brilliant and successful WOMAN'S1 EXPONENT; EMMEL1SR D. JLditor, U'LLS, er . -- -- a-- m , .. .' Salt Lake ' The three' young girls who graduated in the ' -- " affair. Utah Terms: -- I'BLlLthcdffiffll monthly,, In Salt. Lake City, six one months, 50 els: No copy one copy one year, J1.0Q; reduction rondo for clot. City papers delivered by mail, extra for post ag one year, 25 eta. rates: Each square, ten lines of : nonpareil Ad rerti-sinspace, one time, ?i50; ier month, 83.00. A liberal discount advertisers. to ... ." " regular Exponent office, No. 25 En South Temple Street4seicuHid gate cast of Deserct News Office. Business hours from 10 to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday- Address all Uuliw1 communications to. rPUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, City. Utah., May literary course were, Misses Mary Lewis, Lake Salt City. Preston,. and Maud Merrill of the in Miss Preston, representing the graduates literary course,;read an essay "Poetry as a Moral'J 1 nfluence," which was received witn near iyanu of flowers, richly merited applause and which must have been very delightful. Miss a Bessie Dean 5a'ng-- ballad "Laddie" in her most happy manner, and was also enthusiastically .:.:.: rS Complimented. :- - - and eloquent words, but also in material aid and assistance coming from all parties, and all sections of the cointry. Utah has responded heartily, as evinced by the ' carloads of provisions sent and money liberally donated by individuals and business firms. Also, of Salt'Lake by the united efforts of the citizens execution the City, in planning, and carrying into Mammoth Concert in the Targe Tabernacle, the willbeover-seve- n proceeds of which it is now estimated thousand dollars. In this delightful entertainment for so noble a purpose, the best local talent in the City, gave their services with glad hearts and voices and willing handsto Iswell thefund for.the.befjcfit ofv " -- -- . suffering humanity. been not idle, as we under.. . Young ladies have stand quite a considerable sum was raised by selling bouquets on the streets. Of course youth ' beauty and flowers are in themselves attractive, but when a noble purpose is in view, the enter . prise was sure to be a grand success. . In Ogden, a Benefit "concert was given"at the tabernacle on short notice', but it was quite a brilliant'affair, and there as injSalt Lake, the best local talent united, heart and hand to make it a success. Quite a sum was raised there too, to .swell the fund by the little girls selling bouquets, in booths fitted up for the purpose on the streets. . AH the flowers were, donated from the gardens round about. It was a very pretty sight to see Friday was ''Field Day" for the Deseret versity at Lake raric, wnere a most enoyaDie the teachers, afternoon and evening was spent-b' their friends; dancing at the June 15, 1S89. graduates and Salt Lake City pavilion, was kept up uniila late hour. .. . To the principal," Dr. J. R. Parkmust be attriTHIS AND THAT. buted much of the success of the institution, and he will surely feel laudably protid of the honors ofT 26 on the The Old Folks' Excursion comes and gratitude which are rightfully bestowed upon and the him and his fellow laborers, who have been so inst. It will be the 15th anniversary, destination is Lester Park, Ogden City. many years associated in the University's educa tional work. Professors Toronto, Kingsbury and We acknowledge with thanks and a full in for a goodly share in tha expressions - of affection, Paul also come : floral tributes from Mrs. Jane Cowan, Misses Kate public debt of gratitude; these sweet wree maidens surrounded Iwith an and E. Wells, and Mrs.jrAViTannon; alsoia. - In honor of Mrs. Elliot Sandfprd and her husabundance of the most choice and lovely roses very handsome and fragrant bouquet of wild band jheJateChief Justice of this Territory, -- and flowers engaged in such a charitable flowersTfrom7;MissC se to their " re leaving Utah, previous work at th ei r tende rage . .; ; Crocheron. moval from the judicial bench the people so much We.-reg- ret - exceedingly our lack of space to Mrs. Sarah M. Kimball, of this City, accomregret) an excursion party to the lake was planned give more special details of what has been done.. out-- by and carried Mrs. East F. S. to her. successfully the daughter,has gone panied by Ogden, Provo, and other cities in Utah have also W. Jiichacdsand .York, New ,Mis.W.. to RiterThere.were2itea4avntenaial of celbra Tarsed'm'tfney Tor1 the sufferereby individual do- Entered at tits Pvl Second Clasu Mailer. Office Uni- - in Suit Lake City, Utah, as y . appreci-atioaolthedelica- . te of-Ju- ne, -- tate (and-who- Riler- - "nations; and-l- r, place of her nativity. Mrs. Kimball was specially invited to represent her father's family, the Grangers, at the public demonstration which is to be made on the occasion, June 19, 1 8S9. The name oftheSalt Lake Stake Academy, was changed to Latter-daSaints' College, by formal-actio...of --Directors on t be 15th of May 1889. We have received the Annual Circular issued for the Fourth Academic Year and shall notice more fully at another time. We have observed in glancing through it. sevcrar changesFwmcu mars the procrrS'SrorihTs excellent school, and feel confident of the success of a college where religious teaching is at the foundation of educational work. y .... ,Xhe-.Baaxd;- n. 1S89-189- of placed a car at the disposal of the company. There was no particular programme, except .haying a good .time generally, and it was thoroughly an enjoyable- affair. The day was a fair one, as most June days are in this climate. The party seemed happily grouped and the. ladies in charge did all in their power to make J a, woman's minis like an trations, nothing daunted, sheThas-gon-e angelmidsce nes'the most appalling, Her name is written in deeds of valor and charity, far more imperishable, than if in letters of gold, for they- are engraven unmistakably upon human hearts. of the Deseret Uni. The Alumni Association versity,, had a most delightful meeting and ball at. the University Building in this City, on WecTens- day evening J une 12. The programme was a most excellent one, being a pleasing variety of recently ccured-there- . - THE EXPONENT'S -- lie houri'fspeea merrily A few indulged in baths, outmost of the party sat in the pavilion, . chatting and watching the ' bathers and admiring the wonderful lake, the 0, Clara Barton, President of the Red Cross; is doing effective work on a large scale at the scene of suffering in Johnstown. This remarkable woman is a public benefactor, and deserves everlasting gratitude for her efficient labors among the sick and afflicted, the wounded and dying, notbut in times o peace, only on tne, Datue-neiwhen dire calamities of any kind have befallen a Somefheeans:wenderstand,is to be devoted to the , Seattle people, who were sufferers on account ef the great fire which esteewtdbe the late train having arrived, fin which the Judges were expected, a call was made to repair to the dining room, where the guests were served to an elaborate dinner, including all the delicacies of the season. Mr. and Mrs. W. W. Riter," Mrs. F. S. Richards, (her husband having been unavoidably detained) -J-udge Sanford and wife, Judge Anderson and wife, also Miss Anderson and Mrs. McCoy, were seated at the head of the table Delegate John T. Cnine and wife- - and MrsBirck 0f Keokuk, were near them, and other ladies and 7gentlemen filled "the long table on either side and a merry company theyTwere indeed. 7 ftfrsTTSarTdford ' had I nf maDv-if- ts fl SEVENTEEN -- YEARS OLD." Dear Exponent. ; ' And so yoU were seventeen years old the 1, of Tune, i88q? How very" happy an idea that it is I T calling you into existence upon that honored day, youare imperishably connected with his illustrious history, as well as indebted to him for your very being. Have you not cause for gratitude? You, who "even yet in your "teens" speak to all the world for the maidens", matrons, and even the Priesthood, in behalf of our liberty and our religion What a traveler you have been. "The isles wait for thee;" the; valleys listen and the mountains look afar off, waiting for thy coming. Into hcv raany kanger hearts hast thou borne the for tidirigsrof-truth- r the sweet of the Gospel; thou faithful missionary ' for the Father. In this brief career of seventeen years, how much has been accomplished in His service only lie can count. Great and kind was the heart and prophetic the mind of Brigham Young when he called and named thee his literary daughter; ?- thy-peoplera- wers, .baskets-andoctja.ojihecilookefl-rqdi- BIRTHDAY. nd in-flue- nce ' rappy wunat." ju wasry-Tmrcf- i Judge Henderson aud wife and Judge Judd and wiie, wno.were.to nave been of r thp couldrnot" attend: also that PrTdpnf a Cannon who accompanied .the party, was obliged .to return pnan ea rlyt raj n, .; ; Twhen - fre gaW On Saturday June SthTJudgeria rXaforcf messenger, of truth ; as historian of woman's Lake. City for the East, going by progress among God's people. Forever may thy of the National Park. They have J -- tjrir - banner. lead though.many others should rise amid r. si u exeixisesrsOTigsrmusict-spech- es tbiiu iiicuus-anaamirers in Utah, whn ,;n the hosts of thy people. Long years hast thou Thebanquet prepared for two hundred was in gladly welcome them back should they ever re been the solitary guest and comforter, the one every way a perfect success; the tables were "woman's paper; and may they never forget thee, artistically . decorated .with ildwers which always : All over thr iandin Ameiica an their first love ; never lay aside their first duty to adds greatly to any scene, and to the enjoyment the deepest sympathy for.the sufferers abroad, j r of thee and thy founder. :of'the'participants.';;:'";: Johnstown has been felt, andln manV places and who bear his May they name, and they who The University commencement, exercises were in many way expressed; not in to love his remember 'only touching counsel, unite their names' -- ' - -- left-Sa- lt 1 5 Uftni ....v-- - ' -- : - 1 