The Rights of Vol. lie-Wome- 17.V n of by Clarence Centennial Committee: the world's grey reaper, In the silent midnight came And folded the babe in his mantle; And tenderly breathed her name, 1 r bell-tower'- strraui's i i.; : ITICrifank God Made possible ths world's releaie Taught prince and serf that power is but a trust And rale, alone, which serves the ruled, is just; . r 1 l r Zr broad and sheltering shade, ... Sitting with none to make afraid, f Were we nowsilent, through each mighty hmb, The winds of heaven would sing the praise of him. . l.Z.-- .- TH E VOW OF WASHINGTON. "at the 'Die following is a copy of Whittier's poem, read cw iv Washington Centennial Celebration m jetU8ed.tQ.Pe moisienea. ashes lie Beneath his own Virginian sky. Oaf firsrandbestt-hi- s - MILLICENT. -:- - - Again there is the kis3 of deceit, such as a false friend would administer, the same that Judas gave his M aster in the betrayal aud the sympathetic kbs given by a parent to a Eufiering child, or a living friend to one who to the other side. In such kisses has the heart speaks, there is love and tenderness in the umch oTlbe lips, ancTsoinetimes, great' relief is realized from penned up grief by bringing tears to the eyes, which have before pa.-se- d With the still white fingers pointing, From the dust that our teet hath trod , To the broad blue path thaUeadeth, o the hotnL of yourxest wlthjSpd';. 1889. Lo t where with pitient toil he nursed And traihed the new-se- t plant at first, The wi dening branches of a stately tree, Stretch from the sunrise to the sunset sea. Aud in its . . - ljrajQot portray. leaving our tg Unrent by faction and unstayed by wars. -- So we leave them with you, dear Jennie,. In the silent city, that lies Out under the starry heavens, Out under the sunlit skies, . April, wife-Wick- Thope msdestiay7 rhlplveTiT3 fl with ali its added stars Once with your own loved child, and now, V "With the babe of your eldest born; And the doors are closed to be ope'd no more, - "Till the last great,"glorT6uymdfn. I d, And still, we trust, the years to be And twjee, since we brought" you hither t ' With sorrowful hearts and sore,-- 7 We have come to thy sacred dwelling, And stood by an open door.. J 1 . To kiss according to Webster means "to salute with the lips." And the pleasure derived there from depends entirely upon the relationship, existing between the kisser and ihe kissed. If the souls meet, ft thrill of joy and pleasure permeates the whole system; but if the object kissed; be not a , human being, the effect can, not possibly be the same, thoughtiie impression produced may be just as powerul,for instance when the Idolator kis?c3 his Idol, a rebetter-natu- re ligious sensation comes over hira all hh is arouscd, and the baser, and more sel sh part of his compos tion remains in the "BTck gfound.ZlIIeliTe3 only for hi God, and, at that moment, any or every earthly possession would be sacrificed to further any purpose believed to be desired by the Idol he worships. While in suclmootU thel'riestl oL the dark ages, used to exert their influence, to lead the people, and gained control of the earth, so great tneir exertions, ana so paneuu iueir 1011. toward a noble wowhich a noble man-bear- s man, and without' which Jia.woman is safe in. ed; and: unprincipled becoming a men are incapable of such a deep feeling love, -and what theouL jdoes notieey he r$pi(&:T. When we covered you up with blessings For the deeds that your hands had done, - And hallowed your last sweet slumber, With the love that your life had won. A. , ' iaUmgjauv s Whena'fto That ?'reedom generous is, but strong In hate of fraud and selfish wrong, Land of his love with one glad voice- : - Let thy great sisterhood suns o'er thee have risen and set,-AnGod be praised, we are one nation yet. - her knee, slie feels all the enrapture of maternal affection, as she presses kiss after kiss upon the tiny forehead of the little one who nestles close to the one person, in all the world, whom it loves. nSuch pure unadulterated love exists nowhere else in all humanity. Though the next 13 the expression (through Ihe "lipsyofthat deep and all Dowerful love, Pretense that turns her holy truths to lies1 And lawless license masking in her guise. We laid you to restfrom labor, Wc hid you away from pain. Zenos", 'c- ! . Where, under the arch of the rainbow, . - ,- GdlaunJLhtxengtJholJl saa.-.Hime of justice, xtrdtrpci With its still white stones, like fingers, ... ZT Pointing ever one untrod way, Pointing up, through the western shadows, Pttinliagjip, Ahroughjhe (Uwnjight grey. the" pitiful 7: the people's choice was just -7 -- The one ma,n equal to his trust, Wise beyond, lore, and without weakness good, So we brought her to you, dear" Jennie, To the silent city that lies Out under the sunlit heavens, Out tinder the starry skies. . --T- KISSING. s No pearl in its case of velvet, Noflower, just snatched away From the parent vine, was ever so fair, r As the babe we mourn T ' Chooser and chosen both arc powers - ; 1 That pledge the heavens above him heard, That vow the sleep of centuries stirred; wonder listening people bent, In world-wid- e Their gaze on Freedom's great experiment. y. For rule and trust must needs le ours; Then let thesovereign millions, where : Our banner floats in sun and air, y- From the warm palm lands to Alaska's cold, 1 Repeat with us the pledge a century old Oak Knoll DanversJkfass. ;. How felt the land in every part The strong throb of a nation's heart, As its great leader gave, with reverent awe, His pledge to Union, Liberty and Law I -- -- - Kqual innservice as in rights; the claim Of Duty rests on each and all the same., ; Could it succeed ? OLhonor-Sol- d And hopes deceived all history told. Above the wrecks that strewed the mournful past, Was the long dream of ages true at last ? to-da- : : " Tor the sounds of. that sobbing midnight, Though years mayxome and go, Will never pass from that darkened homer Or the hearts that loved her so. And No. 24. Secretary of (the One thought the cannon salvos spoke; vibrant stroke,-T- he The resonant voiceful streets, the plaudit-echoin- g halls, ' And prayer and hymn borns heavenward from Oh ! - Weep for the mother's anguish, Weep, weep, for the father's pain; As he laid the beautiful lifeless clay, In her outstretched arms again . : Mv Bowen, : O city sitting by the sea 1 How proud the day that dawned on thee, Whcn the new era, long desired, beganr And, in its need, the hour had found the manT So he hushed her to rest on his bosom, And folded the small white hands, And. kissed her lips, as herspirit passed-- To the waiting angel bands. -- of alVXations: Women 'I he sword was sheathed; in April's sun Lay" green Ihe fields by freedom won; "And severed sections," weary of debates,----Join- ed hands at list and were United States. To the ever watchful angeh, As one too fair and sweet, " To battle with earth's temptations," - I'oo, fragile its storms tbjetf, , 'the the Rights last- - Tuesday We have brought one more dear Jennie, To share your quiet rest; A habe, whose lips but yesterday Were warm on its mother's breast. 4 nM SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, MAY 15, 188U. NELLIE'S CHILD. Jlut lo Ann, FtJrgiverforgetrOtruand-just-andjjrav- are the most sensitive, the most impressive, and the most Vlelicatcly constructed organs in the whole body; how easily disease can ba conrmunicatt d from the sick or to the devoted dead, even from But if the e, TheYtb7mTtMlsweprabye; thy jacred graver i " ; For, ever in the awful strife And dark hours of the nation's life; Through the fierce tumult pierced his warning word 1 heir father's voice his erring children heard ! The change for. which he prayed and sought In that sharp agony was wrought; No partial interest draws its alien line Twixt North and South; the cypress and the pine '7 ' One people now, all doubt beyond, His name shall.je our Union bond; We lift bur hands to Heaven, and here and now,, Take on our lips the old Centennial vow. . Jip3 heir-loom- s, frieodor-relati, 1 -- ve, who tries to sootkpainor and Ancestors- -, whose reverence of God prompts Bimto press his lips to the frequently "hinfeH6ly:6ibleorrnyTof- - the many -articles left hira by his fore fathers. After the same manner can the most dreaded disease,Tkhown to mortal man, be transmitted from fatherto souf and from sister to sister; when it wa5 designed by the Almighty that only' those who should abuse their natural trifts shouM-suflVfrom so greata punishment. X 