WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 42 making it both neat and correct, and after telling her mother how unhappy She was to be so far from home, she told her as a great secret, that Mrs. Grovesner she was sure wrote the sermons for her, husband ta preach in the pulpit on Sundays; when the little letter was finished, she with a flourish of her pen underneath a3 she had seen her. brother do, and folded it neatly; there were no envelopes j'u those days, and; so she sealed it with a pretty pink wafer, and carried it to the post office herself, as though ".' it was a great treasure. r Monday was . another .eventful day - for the child. The principal of the girls department at the high school was apprised of Hepsie Hathaway's coming, and Mrs. Grovesner had told Hepsie that Miss Elliott was "a "most amiable person." Hepsie went through the ordeal of questioning as to her age, residence, signed-her-na- me -- ; ' . studies and former teachers; and was finally 3liexedintoa Jarge hall filled with girls, oldex and larger than herself. It did not take her long to get initiated into the way3 of the school, and she was so quick and diligent! that she excelled in all her classes, and became a general favorite. The girls depended upon her for help in mathematics and composition, and she was so fond of astronomy or the geography 01 the heavens, that the young men quite admired her, and looked upon her as superior to other " girls. - - Though Hepsie was very small of her age, sh e was .mo w- - cons tan tly associated- - with- - older girls, and was sought after by them as com panion.and iriend, and yet they were a very dmereut type from herself; lull of fuu and nonsense and fond of having a good tim- esometimes perpetrating practical jokes which were very annoying and Hepsie s unsophisti cated nature; they were mostly girls with "lots ol pin money; while Jittle Jlepsie had none tojpend .except as, MrsGrQycsnei:.suggestcd,; therefore their little inend could not "chub with them in buying sweetmeats and dainties; in fact she cared very little about that sort of thing, and would rather ramble over the beautiful hills, and along the pebbly streams, and linger.in the grand, old woods, among the rocks and moss; listening to the sighing pines," musing, soliloquizing aud imagining the unrivaled future, than partake the most ing meal they could offer her. The child had strange presentiments concerning her desting, which haunted her unmistakably, and which she would fain have unraveled, if possible, but as yet it was intangible only--a myth.-Th- e cultivated people with whom she was being brought in daily contact at the minister's house, and her constant associationsjwitb mib G. KeyselfTcould not fail to develop her rapidly fche was such an impressionable, thoughtful child. Thete: conditions were good for Meph-ziba- h and modified her idea of life very much thoiighpdiHdevassEe'saw' much that seemed little in accord with the minister's teachings from the pulpit on the Sabbath Day and much also that her leiisidveconscience ( . . , -- rkeerr the rcplions of children to judge right from wrong, is not disapproved.-Ho- w always remembered or recognized, one cannot be too careful in the example set before children. Hepsie saw much during her so journ at forgotten; the young, newly-fledge- d preachers who "exchanged pulpits" occasionally with Mr. G were anxious-t- o -- convert Hepsielihd wanted her to get a newehart. Poor thing! she could not comprehend it, and one day she Mrs. tol(i Grovesner that it wa3 , quite a puzzle to her about this "new heart," and why did he need it. , Grandpa had thought her good and that she was tired of being told enough, shewas sfrsitiner,' ahd- - so onF Mri. Grsked" . MARIA MITCHELL. the child how and when she had been so worried on this subject, and she replied "whenever you leave the room for anything, the moment I am alone with oneoiLihe young "mother, that day according to promise; it was her first letter, and she was very precise in "The death of this great astronomer occurred kt hpf home in Lynn, Massacusetts, July 3rd.' two years she had been ministers, I grow cold all over, because 4 know "For the last ot her death was a surhe will inquire if I have had a change of health, but the news of sex she was heart yet." Mrs. Grovesner was troubled; her prise and shock. Regardless that day Hepsie one of the great scientists,-- of the age. Shewas eyes were opened, and from to the thousands of . a wariieverleftalone"witli-any"strange"ministerAbout thii time, a few of the most popular girk who had come under. her instruction, and: as she was an outspoken advocate, of woman girls in the school entered into-- soYt of comher firm friend of suffrage,-andtlrpact together and they included Hepsie in the los3 will be greatly mourned in their ranks. number, they only wanted seven, and no more ' This society had The . Hartford, Connecticut, Times gives; thir were - ta be admitted. 'v cpneise account of her life: some restrictions, and a great many privileges " Mis3 Mitchell was born in Nantucket. She ' 11 " of en 1ik fu were an d school-gir- l ey e;th she lived till the let thusiasm. Marriage was the principle aim of would have been 71 had she had not the astonish-- 4 the Association, because one of the stipula-tion- s of August. Doubtless ing mathematical powers of her English predewas, that as soon as dne of them married cessor,' Mrs. Somerville, in the exploration of she should be excused from the obligations the starry heavens anih their sublime laws. 1 previously incumbent upon sher, and Hepsie But she was the world's one great living fefancied they would all leave her, unlessjhey should decide to remain single; but this was male astronomer, and had ' been, for more than have been indebted they decided, thirty- years. She may not only to marry, but that each one should for her choice of astronmy a3 her field, to thej circumstances of her having been early an asmarry a man with a title of eminence," Rev. sistant of ther father, a Nantucket school Prof.D.D., M.D.br A.M. Poor little Hepsie heard this and shuddered, she thought of the teacher, in his astronomical studies. However Rev. Erasmus, his selfishness, and the many, that may be, she became greatly interested in the stuiy, and gave "particular attention - to petty foibles so apparent in his character, and nebulae and comets. For the discovery of a as she was devotedly attatched to the seven, comet in 1847 she received a gold medal from she felt bound m honor to speak out, "would the'King of Denmark. Her subsequent work you love a man that wa3 cross, and disagreecoast- survey, and on the able, and never satisfied, wait upon him, work on the United States Nautical for bimrpldjii for Jbiplejisjur yearsf when in 1857. she resigned it and went to Euwanted or were or sick, tired, thought you rest or peace; who always sat in the parlor rope, where she visited all the great observatories and made personal acquaintance of lead-- , when company came, and talked while his the cooked wife supper and made ing European astronomers. Twenty years ago comfort for of his she received the appointment of astronomical the all ready distinguished guests as he calls them." All professor at Vassar; a position which she held, discharging in an able manner its active duties, this and much more came like little they had never dreamed until two -- or three years ago, failing health could assert herself like that. Tne girls were compelled her to resign. She was a member of the;American; Association far the Advancevamazedf and s w Hvas EHepsie; at her own courage,, she broke down then and began to cry as ment of Science, and of the American Acadchildren do when overwrought, as we all do emy of Arts and Science, and in fact, was alare together a remarkable woman. A woman who 'when the very fountains of. can calculate eclipses, test the question of the stirred. ; J x She felt like a culprit too, what right had she parallax of a fixed star, and give U3 informato betray family secrets she loved Mrs. G. for tion concerning the nebula?, may well be celebrated by the advocates of the modern doctho' she had been strict yet she had been dilithat women can do some, at least, and gent and true to her trust, and Hepsie only trine, knew what her perceptiosn told her. She was a sublime part, too, of the work of men. Ex. quite vexed with herself for her freedom. "Don't cry" said NOTES AND NEWS.- Jane. . to crowded - " What- - do yotr fcnowBbou t ore or things of ' in audiences Bombay-- on the education ofthat kind, why your'e still in short dresses and r- women;-pantalettes. Your opinion indeed, fie child, my Boston University has graduated 478 brother will4eTiev;r doctors of medicine, nearly of whom now such a fine fellow all the girls admire him V and any one might" thank her lucky stars to are women. get him and his title' this was Miss Fayi her A constitutional convention for New Mexico, fsther was an Esquire and she was as haughty Statehood, is to be held next as though he had been a iiaron. It amounts September. to almost the same thing a 'squire in a country Louise Imogen Guinev. who is an oars woman village is held in as high esteem almost as well as a poethas a paper on "RowinV' in titled aristocrats in the old world. Neverthe- - ' as k . it. l rr iue Jtwaice. j .... i , less Mis3 Fay was not a great favorite, but she me 2ugm, m.'j. was kind of a leader and she could ill book the The Supreme Court of Michiffan h?is inst a of little child like confirmed the decision of the lower courts, that opinionated interposition After all she felt in her in Michigan women mav vote fnr Hepsie Hathaway. heart the child was more than a match for her. rs. know did about albeit love, something Hepsie Memorial services in honor . nf Mra it wa3only an intuition, and she herself could not have defined her own delicate sense of the AVebbHaveslwere held last fin nd aK-k- o lecal W. C. T. Us, by the request loQIisa "A":divine sentiment. 7 Francis E. Willard. fTT ""' had she touched a chord in the Unvittingly John G. Whittier writes: "I earnptlv h heart of each of these young and; blooming States of the West will lay maidens, so much older and wiser in the ways the foundations their on the rock of justice and of the world, it wa3 the very outbusrt of and thus secure to their V:: equality, nnl W spontaneity. :,n full rights of citizenship irrespective of sex or To be continued.' ng in-faili- . -t- ender,-loving-friend a its-leade- e rs, - -- . - .Almanac,-CDntinaed.-.forit- -- en 1 . one,-who- : -- our-hea- rts : sweet-tempere- ,' : : . tender-hearte- d d Pundita-RamabaiHaJectur- ing f : - ;., - -- on-ha- . lf . with-arriew- to r - . . . -- t,ii. f new-create- . , d ..T color. - 