A WOMAN'S EXPONENT 152 - among woment uriaupon their prayerful thought the possibilities of blading bound up in the organized womanhood o.fjou.!rcoiiBtry ' torial LegFslature shall be entitled and allowed to vote at any election for representative'or S tates jdelegate in he Congress of wi t h ould isTnIcttoiri)f sex, any constitution, laws,; customs, usage or regulation of any State or Territory to the contrary notwithstanding. J . . the-Uiilt- - : . I)F-A- ble-- s. . .FrancesE. Willard, Evariston, 111., . i of the Woman's National Council ScsAWi. ANrnoNY, Rochester, N. Y. ident at Large. --Vice-Preiiidpnt ""- " ' Treasurer. Maiiy F. FJastman, Tewksbury, Mass., Recording Secretary. May Wright Sew ell, 343 N. Pennsylvania Street, Indianapolis, Ind., Corresponding Secretary. - . , , Co,jrt.AYrJIigg!nsQiiliaying-beeii-as-usualy- for the remonstrants,' bythe attorney quoted henqewe--feel-that-we-ha- as suggesting practical difficulties,-thing letter was read to the committee: e follow- Cambridge, Feb. G, 1889. Dear Mr. Bits ck well: I am sorry that I must be in New York on Friday; but I will authorize you to say to the committee, if you, think best, that ! hope that they will report in - iXJ self-respec- t ' : Jan. 26th n ici -inu uo pal-wo- an m s u fTrage , ' via the TJ. S- - : - - - ' - Senate, Feb. 14, Mr. Mander- - LsQtvM Nebraska, intmduce4abillT providing tbat all "citizens of the United States having the qualifications- requisite for electors in. the mot numerous mneh of any State or Terri- - . . m HOMAS T) 7'7 S AT.T Casli House Special to the Ladies. AT TEASDEL'S' and Will be found th latest styles '.in . ; FANS, - J; , " Be comforted, we kindly say, ' And acknowledge God's hand of love. Your dear one has beenjustly called To the beautiful realms above.' Parents your child has left a name 'Tis an honor to her and jou. Free rom' cruel gtiilt or sbamer " And 'tis loved by not a fw. As child and maiden she was true loved, The favored of her parents home. T .1 -- EMBRODERIES, GLOVES, PARASOLS,-RIBBON- S, COLLARS,' TIES -- xJAod-aa - DIE? IT - pioductlona - LACES,EUCHES, r ' LAKE CITY. The Leading Retail Farnsworth." Tis left for us to try and profit By her life's crosses so nobly borne;' It is left for us to strive its mend EMPORIUM EAGLE . r -- Ilwartls the authorpha expects soon to visit America,, has traveled extensively. Most of .her tfmejIa "eenspent iu the 'service of the EgyptianJGx-ploratio- n The descript ions in her Society. novels are carefully ; verified, and often, two yeara pass after a story is begun-- before it is . A.-.W- Not long you'll remain apart; She has teen called as one of God's chosen To labor in a brighter land; 'Tls byH.is win that she's been taken -- Called from our mortal band. Amelia-B- finished. " - ' . ' " Arc not life's burdens beyond endurance? Questions the mourn er's sad heart;: But a comforting voice breathes assurance, bill m tkeZ Ohio Ilouse of Representatives stood 3G to 36, and the bill was lost. But to get a tie vote in the Legislature of Ohio, which has hitherto been exceedingly conservative cjiheuffnigejplfislicm almost a victory in itself.. Miss -- , : . To all those who intend to raise the silk worms this season, please let them inform me at the earliest date possible the quantity of eggs"tfiey may require, so I can make a report to the Departure of Agriculture - to obtain the same, with the number of trees for feed. D. Graves, Supt. Silk Industry. Provo, "Feb. 16, 1889. 1889: Whereas, our sister, who has departed this life in her early youth, was a faithful member of this Association for a number of years, ever prompt in the performance of the ' duties devolving upon her, therefore, be it f Resolved, That we, as an Association, mourn the sud- di.deathof oursister that we miss her pleasant face and sweet voice from our meetings, and that we extend our sincere and heartfelt sympathy to the bereaved young husband, to her little babe, deprived of a mother's loving care, and to herparents, brothers, sisters, and to all her former, fnends and associates. , Resolved, That a copy of these Resolutions be sent to the sorrowing husband and parents, that a copy be sent o the Uionian and the Woman's Exponent for publication, and also recorded jn the books of this. Association. '.",E. J. Bennett, Prest. -' . NOTICE. In memory of Sister Mona Schofield Olsen, who died NOTES AND NEWS. le-Ate- LGreexe Richards, In behalf of the 20th Ward Relief Society.--- : Jane Miller, President. Salt Lake City, Feb. 6, i83q. -- favor of extending su 0rage to,aaie-I.tliiuk-- s there can bo now no doubt thaLtheyvillixejv else it freely, if they have the opportunity. That they will always exercise it wisely, especially at first, is not to' be expected. Men do not always vote wisely, though they ha veT had much more practice than women. All great extensions ofhe suffrage bring in a new and inexperienced class, and the immediate results are not always good. But" the ultimate result is always-'teducate and enlighten" tHe emancipated class, and to benefit the whole commuuity in the end. Women will probably vote, on the whole, quite ajiidieicmjrnjeff'doj'autl and for they need the ballot for self protection. Very truly yours, Thomas Weni worth Higqinson. . e- , "" And ere his infancy hath faded, Or to manhood he'll attain, Teach his lips and heart to love ' His mother's sacred name; And when this short life is ended, And no wore on . the pearly gates of heaven Mona'll wait to welcome you home. - . EflG&INSON SPEAKS FOR HIMSELF. ' '' 7 . M. Louise Thomas,- 080 Lexington Ave., New York City, : : - ' Brynmawr, Breebnshire, in 1851; emigrated to Utah' in 1871. Held theomce of teacher in the, Society above named for fifteen years, in which she proved herself re ": markably diligent and efficient. At her funeral, held in the 20th Ward meeting house, Jan. 27th, a large and attentive congregation listened to highly instructive remarks from Bishop George Romney and several other leading members of. thge ward. Eachof the.speakers bore, testimony to the excellent character and many good works of Sister. Hodson. v bile some of the brethren who would have spoken in eulogistic terms of her ministry in their households.as aa Angel of Mercy in times "of sorrow and distress, were so moved to tears and overcome by emotions, as to be unable to give utterance to their feelings. This, as our Bishop remarked and the listeners felt, was ''the most sublime eloquence and touching tribute that could be offered." , Although, by her summons lost a dear friend and able helper in our Society, we rejoice in anticipation of a blessed reunion with her, if we can only be as faithful as she has been, until our earthly mission shall also be fulfilled. , And heal the wounded heart of husband, He who's been soOried-and-true- ;Hover o'er herprecious infant Whom its mother scarcely knew.- - Yes, phcj your strong arm round your babe, Keep him close to you and God; In the paths ot truth and virtue, E'en the paths' his mother trod., earth-exist- may God , As friend Ind associate ishe's proven So noble, pure and good, As a member of our Mutual band ' At duty's post she stood. fI On father, mother, brothers, sisters, We ask God's blessing to descend; Yes, in the heart of every mourner , May a soothing solace wend. ed bewildering danger and ineffable hope. Women have never yet united in large Ex. numbers save fpr good purposes; it is safe to predict Ibiat tKfey never will. Their isolation' one from another is in f tha' interest of brute OBITUARY. dominance meana the forW; thir. combination of peace and spiritual power, the purification," Editor Exponent: protection and coronation of the home; and The 'Twentieth Ward branch of the home ia the shrine fur whose sacred sake allrj Relief Sister; Society, this .city, has recently been called upon to s. that is good and trui on Happy arere who live to see the day when" the women" Sister Mary Ann Ilodson died of pneumonia, Jan. 26 'of our native land are clasping hands with a purpose so high and In a unity so holyi which Wells, Somersetshire, England Embraced the Gospel in fj companion, a gentle, true, Kind woman she was known. "As life elegant.' assortmexif ot- -- GOODS:and Special department for Ladies' Misses' fant's Shoes.- - . . 112, 114, 116, 118 V ' 2D-"VXID - ..-- TINNERS ' f . In- 1 East Temple Street CO., JAMES Ss''.'"'' GASfVATER & STEAM FITTERS ' . - Ageutfoc RUM3EVS celebrated LI FT and FOUCE PUMPs. Pumps Repaired on short notice. Orders irom ' the country prompliy responded to. ' : Alirsi. "SATD JAk'23. Box SOS. SALT LAX E CITT. v' : -- A 