; . V. WOMAN'S couragiDg reports that had been received, and Aunuii, Sampan Islands, Sunday, January 21st, 1885. ., . Editor Exponent: and October,: and can. traihfully say thai TTook- iuore real pleasuie in reading the contents ot the same, than I ever experiened iu reading the most interesting for" book; allow me to thank you very-mu-ch I oncelieanTa young missionary say, that his mission, new, or in fact any thiug- while from home, "For thehill3 :' " 1 the- - strength of President Home then add ressed the sisters on very in teres t i ng topics, and was followed by the presidents of the Relief Society of Rivertorf, South Jordan, on --Wood, Sandy, 'Union, Draper,- Herriman and Brighton.- "Mrs. Mary L. Clark of Farmiugton, Mrs. Mary E. Porter of Granger. Mrs. Mary A. Freeze President of the Y. L. M. J. A., Mrs. M. A. Mousley of BlufFdale, Mrsv Susan S. Young each spoke a short time, giving some incidents and experi- ences, and bearing' strong testimonies to the truth of the Gospel; their, remarks were re- plete with good instructions and exhortation,. to good work 3. - ' - - and A muclv-pleasu- re was ot great interest to him. I . ; We often realize that feeling where - we are; beauti--fu- l opening a new mission, far 1 roiiv-o- ui mountain home, our dear relatives and friends, among an uncivilized people; stili we " have much to be thankful for; we are meeting with success iu our field of. labor, the harvest seems ripe, and it fills our hearts with joy and satisfaction to fiud it so. .Although at present we are not doing as much as might be expected; on account of the country being in a revolutionary state, and the fact that, as yet, we have iiot mastered the language. , governmental I We hope, that before long,-th- aflairs oT theelslaladwill ' yards-of-alic- o. " . which is from four to five feet, is left open, except in case of storm. At such times shutters, down instantly around the entire house, lhe floor consists of eoral . pebbles, covered with ' vrr rrt l n" a hntl'i' nu iwiu Heaven. uuu vuv mats """ iucic is uuvci IViifa room, malLropeanLre of a true testimony and that we should teach little higher than one's liead; oyer wTimlTis a our children to observe the golden rule, to "siapo" or native cloth, Thb is rolled up in do to others as we wish them to do to us. the moruiupr. and let down in the evening, the Alluded to the coming of the Savior and forming sleeping apartments, and at the same be should time protectiug the sleeper from the mosquitoes, preparation necessary; thought we moderate in all things aud set a good example which are very numerous at all times, in this . . , . - warm climate. for others to follow. Conference adjourned for three months, These people are not a progressive people, , the hotimateatuiliycjiuse3 them to lead singing, "We thank Thee 0 God for a Prophet." Benediction by Mrs. Elizabeth Stevenson. a lazy, indolent life; and as thrdailrfo()d" E, Howard, Secretary. jrrows without much labor, and their clothing costs very Jit tie because there is very nine oi to do much manual labor. ItJ theydiFnorljave The Christian ministers have .been working WOMEN'S POL I TIC A L: CLUBS. among this people some fifty years, so we areclubs in ' "iuiormed. Of course they have done conquer-... M AllLtVl j able good, in their way; but the Lord, through for but, the instituted various purposes, city ' to do tne worK over again, .v.: fUa plit;.,l hh .servants.-ha' by because it was not done properly. JOT k.v ciuui, Missionary Society mnmL.!nn ii if it Hoxilkrv to , a member of 1 n iu aie u u i although Mr.. IJiark Ca e u to rsee organize. arfi valHe: lum i redi f jto expecie(lto ' they have never separated themselves from the answered We here. Church a branch of our league, thev choose to coasider that they are we. assuredly 'did," that we. had traveled no longer an auxiliary.. This club meets every ; that over five thousand miles for that purpose. He flfc 01 iHS the home nftprnnnn iipsnar 'Ihomas 32 Wer Tweniv s xth street; anil ... I .1 - ; . . l,oro-Jrfl-,nv-.nmea- r ir -- . s By-the- the-Londo- - n . -- 1 : . . j , -- cents ft vear. lhe e place wn nj3 js teach women tne lhe qTy1 Have their . ,..r zz rights. it thev need' no Instruction, some misogynr.t eL-makethe fires, CQai:thrtoodraoa--8etWould savT ' But it is to teach them parliamen the women "do their it ouMbr, to and in preto how public speak tary rules, little but braid mat3 and fans, at which very of suffrage, the for them giving rights pare the with which theyrare experts. A few days ago, one. of, them instruction in various-matter.Sanioan men told us that American men were Tire gov familiar. city be should, voter every were badlfor .letting their wives ernment was the first topic dealt ith, atter no good,4hey We told him the American that the different administrations were studied, do thehadcooking. to get something for to work all and for the last four weeks the ladies have man wives! to cook day and wear. He became 'their been handling the subject of finance. and "said, Bamoan men hSrto3alkpar men-gaine- : - -fu- ivesJiiJact, s York Star. quite jndignant 7 lhfr" llieTheit-Fr6uchiet&laiiu-"- as x - be- - let "ThdeFmttingtiedtotheroofrcan- . : : pleurisy aiufobstruction of the' lungs. ; Miss Booth was born April It), 183 1 at ; Millville, how Yaphauk, on the east end of Long Island, where six generations earlier her ancestor, John Booth, bought Shelter Islaud. -- fro m the I nd ians-- l or J.D ft Her f'ather Was a school teacher, and she acquired under his care a remarkably fine education, being one of 1 cou n try, She did not remember learnin g to speak or read French. She had read through the Bible and Plutarch's "Lives" before she-wfive, mastered Racine in tho original when she was seveny and -- began to study Latin with her father. She obtained her early education at the district school, of which her father was the- teacher; afterward she passed 1 h rough several academies and seminaries of Long Island. In 1844, her father removed to Williamsburg, now East Brooklyn, as principal of a public school. She became a teacher, but her health failed and s h e relihquis hed t he position. She contributed tajes and sketches to various journals and magazines. While yet in her teens she compiled "The Marble Workers' Manual' and "The Clockraakers' Manual" books of a dry, masculine type, still : regarded- as standard works, ;She: rendered rapidly into English the works of Eugene Hue, Mery, Cousin, Marmier, Dumas and aj Ed niond About. girl, she wrote the history of New York, in two volumes, eliciting from "Washington Irving n A hew a letter of warm encouragement. -- ion; berirra-moresettled-coidit- MEMORIAM. . that the, minds of the people will be o pen io receive something besides, "w ars " . and rumors of w;ar." We have a nice frame house built American -style, it is the only one of that style on this island. The native houses are built with an oval roof, supported by posts ahcut four feet' apart. The space between the floor and roof, . Jrl feNeworJufe Louie Calder Lf?e. Mary Louise Booth,-- editor of Harper's residence, No10LFiity-niut- h Bazar, died - at-h- er Street, New York, on the 5th int-- , at 5' p.m. The. immediate cause of her death was so ' -- ! j m e President Home read over again the letter from E u g Ian d an d - a- - free d on a t i o n - o f- fi fty dollars-wa- s given by the sisters present. ; Mrs. Z. D. H. Youog spoke of, kindness and wisdom, the storing of wheat, and home manufacture; urged all to be self sustaining; hoped to see efforts made in the silk manufacture, the raising of cocoons, etc; thought it would TiiTa great source of wealth in this eommumtyr Desired the Asters might walk in the light of the Gospel continually and obtain favor with i besrin uinjr- ' ; Big-Cott- " aflorded-him- circumstances, and .as disciples of aipatient Savior, we strive to cultivate it. We find this people, kind hearted, but very childish, and .we- have to exercise great patience with them. I hope I have not wearied you, I realize that I cannot pu t my thoughts together as nicely ns some; -- but .we all have to make a -- yourjanane !5. ::T Mary S. Clark; singing, ia - - -- " There are many sick and we are kept quite busy administering to their wants, and relieving them of their pain as much as possible. We find that virtue, that it is good linger all patience untiL.the cooLof the evening. ' ? papers7of ; Afternoon ?esion; 0eiied with singing "Our God we raise to Thee,", prayer by Mrs. " too, still ibey do the cooking. We told him heslept most of the day. They work from about sun rise until eleven a m., then sleep I received your interesting aud ever welcome , " 1G7 EXPONENT. LETTER FROM SAMOA. that she would like all who could afford it to pay one dollar yearly toward, the Deseret Hospital.. 'TresidentrTaylor, in his lifetime enjoined it upon u to sustain tnis institution," f- laid all" ir well in "Zion if we try with all our Imiht mind and strength to do right. Frestident . Honie.referred to' the Stake Conference held recently and'said 4If we have the spiiit of God wc will rejoice that we have passed through adversity ad come out safe, r having oil in our lamps;? the Lord takes notice of our works, all we do is recorded in the Book of Life' Singing, Doxologv. 'Benediction TTlpiBr-Wr:Wiicox7---;hzr.zr::- "T- -;' ... r r -- - . - ' . . - Whilo-scarclymoreah- an edi-Uio- appeared in 1880. During the Rebellion she did notable service noted" for the Union by translating works sheets ad vahce foreignWsrriBCI'shTgotlhe . f of Gasparin's 'Uprising of a Great People," and rushed to Scribuer's. "Yes," said the astute Caterer, "but the war wilPbe over in a -- it outmBQonjisJh She persisted. "If you will give me the copy in a week, I'll try UIhe saidTj; She" went"r homef worked -t- wenty - hours out of every in less than a week the copy was twenty-fourall in hand, and in a fortnight the work was 4nonthdvjj:can!tget ; s.engation,..and did and Lincoln Sumner much to rouse the North) sent her letters of thanks. Thus she wai enlisted for the fight. She translated the works ou tr-Itmade- " ifiCoclitetto talembert, Dupauloup, etc., sheets,--- wh i clit hoserau t h o rs .. : u Mon- - from, advance s en t-- to- - herv- - Sumner wrote that Cochin's" words were Amore valuable to the cause than the Nuraidian cavalry44 to Hannibal."" She translated Labou- and fifteen ot i wenty layer's Fairy Tales, other volumes, and when the Harpers started their Bazar in" 1 86T;vshe naturally became its editor." She devoted- - herself with character- - : ' -- 