WOMAN'S EXPONENT. IF ONLY. PRIMARIES AND MAY DAY. "I understand that a nice time was also en joyed at Juarez on this day. Editor Exponent: Gone, yes gone forever, To another, brighter home; And. I shall see her never Though o'er the world I roam." If only, oh, if only ., For one; moment, I might gaze Through the curtains of the heavens Just to gaze upon her face. If only, oh if only The heavens, could be torn, Just forone moment's gladness, . . .... While I gaze upon her form. , -- If only, oh, if onlyI could see, through yon bright sky, My own, my lost beloved," Oh, (how gladly wouldI die. I am I submit a few items from this faraway place. flunking . they may bo of some interest to some oi your many readers. a3 ever your well wjsher A Correspondent. Sierra Madre M6untain3,Mexico, May 9, '89. Our Societies, in this part of the, country, are, so W. S. A. OF UTAH. far as I know, in a prosperous condition. Sister Hannah- - Romney, who was set apart TO TFIE GENERAL READERS OF THE a half years aero by Brother Teasdale, two and . . i ..... ' EX PON EN Tr r xo take charge -h e- - pnmar-iii- zJ uarez, am been to I the have that note pleased steps served well and aithfully in that capacity uutil last March, when she resigned on account (of .taken by the women of Zron." It denotes in the n ear- i u t r o mo ra- - tho rou gh - u n d erstand i ng Sister Ma rgarerSjy'waT calledto-fil- l' her place, she and SisteFAnnie with the women of this nation, and, I may say Ikonsen having been able counselors to Sister of other nations; we have long been misunderstood, but, by being connected ...with - them Romney, much good has been accomplished, and quite an interest taken, especially through through'their Association, it is bound to break Gone, yes gone, and never usy and, an interest, if not the past winter since the t efficient services' of the- Shall I see my loved one's face. Sister Victoria Pratt have been secured to an investigating spirit will' toke possession-o- f them at least in a greater or less degree.' AlAnd yet beside me ever teach the children to sing. Seems her spirit, full of grace. though Tdo not think it will materially alter" The parents as well as the children gave ex If only, oh, if only with us as Latter-daaffairs Saints (unless it to the love and respect felt for their pression I believed it could be true is to restore to us our franchise,) for as a rule late president; and their appreciation of her And my darling's soul was near me " faithful labors, by giving her a very enjoyable the ''Mormon Women" enjoy a freedom of As I roam the wide world through. speech, and in no place are women curtailed by surprise party just prior to her leaving; it was "the If only, oht if only monster man" as little a3 in Utah, and on the 15th, of March. When nearly all., the AH the dreary lonely days, with but few exceptions they feel they have the old both and had assembled the town, at young, ller spirit were beside me school house,-t-o witness a school exhibition the sustenance of their husbands, fathers and "" Casting forth its sainted rays. brothers. Of course there is occasionally an closing day of the term; the exercises passed If only, oh, if only offin a very creditable manner to both teacher exception to this rule, where men think a wo I believed her soul was by, and pupils; at the close of which the people man's place is inthekitchen, andextends no: I could live and still be happy were invited to stay; the house - was hastily farther than the chip yard, but in sickness, or And I should not long to die. woman U cleared , and twoTon g tablesFthe length of the absence fromhome," that HENRff expected to take up those duties and carry them room set, at which 175 sat down to a bounteous as smoothly and intelligently as if her repast, prepared by a few of, our energetic along Lord had always taken a delight in DISCOURAGED. sisters, including .the present officers of the Leige and instructing her. The1 majority Primary. It proved to be a genuine surprise, counseling and as Sister Romney expi'erl "'"'hdrsdf1 trbe'fe' ii,ik&CAlormon women have tafcen but verr Discouraged; discouraged, in political affairs, the day.is nigh ; ! O, be not discouraged suited little interest wasonejeaturejnparticular-whichiust- The road may be Wearisome,- thorny, and rough, her feelings viz., the children were all seated when they will have to inform themselves; But it leads to a heavenly way. first an d. the gro wn people waited on them, and there is a great, field for improvement,- for alterward comprised the second table, which .wherever these associations are organized they e There is sorrow and enough to endure, ,wilL : to studyin order to fill" usually falls to the lot of the little onesrThe their necessaiily,?have There is waitipg, and mourning, and death; positions and keep up with the times. table was adorned with a very nice bouquet There are storm clouds that darken the sun's healing and wreath, made for Sister Romney and after We will no doubt note a inarked difference in ravs ... dinner it was presented the little a few years where these organizations are esThere are flowers that fade at a breath. tablished and where they are not. .. to" their lale President. girls There are hearts that are broken, nd desolate homes, I see no reason why the "Mormon" women Since moving to Cliff Ranch, a small branch And idols that prove to be clay, of the J uarez Ward, she has been called on to should 'not be successful in this new field,surely But beyond the dark pathway is heaven's sweet rest cannot find a more intelligent ?et of women, preside over the little Primary, of that place, you Thepe is joy at the end of the way. and with study, and determination, and the witbSisterJdartha-ml joining ranch as assistant, and Sister Victoria Pratt, Lord to quicken their understanding, there is Though you see not your God in the darkness and who also moved to the same place, to resume no obstacle but what they can surmount. storm, to with, an energy aud zeal In the cleft of the rock still abide r r.' her good labor among the children, so that at Sisters otlet us agocause aud add to our store- such And wait; when of angnishispast ; present it is prospering nicely, and is attended pvorthy You will hear His "still voice" at your side. by every, woman and child in the little settlement-excep- t hoMeoJJin.wJi!.dgedjaQtJi humanity: but did the large boys who can't be spared from we had a chance Then be not discouraged, nor falter in life, the field, and the Sunday SchooL includes all not avail ourselves of the opportunity. Faint not and you surely will win; Yours in the cause of "Woman's Rights" the men, women, and children, as. the parents, Put on the whole armor and stand to your post, " Josie E. CIIILD3. seem to realize the necessity of setting a good r And help fight the battle with sin. " Orangeville, Utah. example before their children in these little No matter though feet have grown tired in the way nooks and corners. A Primary has been orAnd hands seem as heavy as lead, ganized at Cave Valley with .Sister Olive MAY DAY HYDE PARK. Though flowers have faded in earth's summer time .Moffet, President, anda Relief Society for our And bright hopes lie withered and dead, Iittlesettlement3ct)mbined7 JDhe Primary- - Association -- of HyderPark: Pratt as President. The flowers that have perished ' shall bloom in the Cache Co., had a May Day celebration Day,'-near- ly On all of the sisters, and Wed n esd ay, May. 1st. "May A full h ou seT assom skies, sizea of few with children ali a of the brethren; bled; the children and: young ladies arrayed Tired hands the palm branches bear, ' who could Spare the time at this busy season, And they who through "great tribulation" have come a white and flowers, made a fine picture. ' from Cave Valley and Cliff Ranch, met half T;he The spotless white raiment shall wear.f singing and music were. pleasanyyjeni. thetwo place3patWilliaras" deredT" Of course they had their May Queen, WEat matter to you if earth's music is gone where Ranch, they .were cordially greeted by who carried her honors, and dispensed her s And the are ready to break. three the familiesjjiving -- there, aud a very favors with graceful dignity. A few words For earth's brjoken chords shall gathered in'heaven, time was spent in the pine grove under pleasant of approval to children, and thanks and counAnd rapturous strains shall awake. . th-e- supervision of the Primaiysideirtstr sel to parents were spoken by Counselor Emma Oh, yes! "but look tip and away, Pike and Mrs. E. L. Crowther of Logan. ThetimeyfasspenV The journey is not very long; amusements, picnic, songs, dialogues and reciThe closing remarks were made-by.The mourning and tears will all end by and by and tations, crowning of the May Queen, Miss A lovely dance was given the childIn a shout of victorious songT7 . with Alta Williams, a garland of nature's ren in the afternoon, and one in the evening of sweetest beautiful Then be not discouraged, but take up your cross, offerings, violets, daisies, for the older ones. Much credit, is due Presiand other sweet white flowers with every shade dent Kir by and her: assistauf3. The bras? And bear it in patience The steep, rocky path ends in glory beyond of green. Our celebration was a grand sucband turned out, and made such good music, There is joy at the end of the way, cess as a day of enjoyment. The only disapthat even the old folks wanted to dance. : Mrs. H. F. Thomas. pointment being that music did not arrive in rZ Reported by,. Hearth and Hall. time to finish up with a dance E. L. Crowthep , - moving-awayrwhe- c., JZZ ott - ; - Pri-maries,:et- - n ( : barier-betwee- n 1 V" -- - . y " " Ci " "self-sam- e -- -- -- mhf-it- j , f - to-d- ay - heart-ach- -- by-som- eof .. : 1 Iiams-ofUhe-- -- ad : -- the-temp- est tc-ben- efit . : . : . - y-between- : heart-string- ". -- So-fired- ? -- . - " to-d- . ay, ; " ' -- their-Bish- op. 