WOMAN'S EXPONENT. THE FAIRY MOTHER. little children are there in the world who long more earnestly for real - love, than tbey do for will aught else; there is no comfort or luxury "supply its place even in the heart of a little child Editor, BMMBUSB B. WELLS, There is- - more happiness because of love than from any other gift. In gait Lake City, Utah. Tenns: Published no copy one year, $1.00; one copy six months, 50ct. No The Savior has taught many lessons of love in delivered mail, by eduction made for clubs. City papers the New Testament, and enjoined upon the saints ' xtra for postage one year, 25 eta. to love one another. Tt is natural to seek the happi-..nes- s Adrerthing rates:- - Each square, ten lines of nonpareil of. those we love, to spare no pains, to grudge pace, one time, S2.5Q; per month, 13.00. A liberal discount o regular aavoraserc. l on our part, and this we should no Streetsecond South ExroNKXT offlee,-N- o Temple 25E,, teach to" the children. Above all else mothers' gate east oi Dcecrct News Office. . Business hours from 10 a.m tell the little ones a story onXhristmas, and let it. to p.m. erery day, except Sunday. be a true one, that , will always be remembered-- . Address all business communicaUona to Who knows where we, or they may be when PUBLISHEIt WOMAN'S EXPONENT, Christmas comes again? Therefore make the day Salt Lake Citt. Utah. one of contentment and peace, of gladness and reEntered at the Tvtt Office in Salt Lake City, Utah, as ... .. joicing not only to our own, but to those who are 8xmd Clati Matter. suffering or bowed down withf care or sorrow. 7 Woman :s Exponent to sing a song, sat me down A Christmas song of other days methought, The wind was blowing furiously along And as the muse beseechingly I sought," I heard some voices whispering soft and low, And then I listened, curious you know! I . semi-monthl- to-nig- ht, v " . . "" y I thought, perchance I'll hear Ah, Some fancy for my song, some secret spell; A fairy may be lingering very near,-- 1 Ox blithesome wind some wondrous tale may tellr A little story one can weave in rhyme,- And sing to children, at the Christmas time.- -- - well-a-da- self-denia- , & ..- , December 15, 1889. HOLIDAY THOUGHTS. Salt Lake City has put on her holiday attire once more, and bedecked herself profusely with gay colors, and on every side one notes imraedi atelv that Christmas is at hand. The stores and are almost . too - full' for display, though a great deal of good taste is manifest in the arrangement of Christmas goods. The children are on tiptoe with excitement, and gaze as they at the varietv of tovs Dass alonf? with wonder-eves- , and playthings, on exhibit. What a contrast the streets present now to thirty years ago, and how the little folks revel in luxuries that Santa Claus supplies for their indulgence. One cannot help an occasional feeling that after in the way the all there may be a little children celebrate Christmas There seems to be an extreme forcing itself upon this community in this, as in many other t if rcspccis iu .me,. yf zsxui, U4jvu v c are, au more oi less willing to float along with the popular cur rent, rather than attempt any positive reform. shop-windo- over-doin- g now-a-day- s. be wis.e. anoLcautious in LattejynjshouW every matter that will have a the bearing upon education and character of their rhflHren it i thejendency of this particular age or period of time to run after pleasure to indulge in things that if not radically wrong, lead in that direction. This people are living in a most important era of the world when a great work. and a wonder is to be wrought, and it will hardly be the over-fe- d and uncontrollable children who cry for and de- mand everv hauhl thv will Ko mniifi , iuauutu j and prepared to bear off the kingdom victoriously. If so it will be contrary to any principle yet known. Jesus said, "He that would be like unto me let him take up his cross and follow me." If in the midst of the abundance of worldly simnlicitv of stvlf coods. an n tnnTiTi v. a t n W ernf ui K.,: in i j rw - - w nie---f and dressing0 could J w.j ww.wOVw, It Uw happiness would be found than in the s iiner- abundance of those things that are neither good for young or old. The saints are following the customs of modern Christendom, instead of com plying with the laws of life and health and giving heed to" the knowledge that will tend to life eternal. It is a blessed thing to stop sometimes, and take a little recreation, and contemplate the condition and circumstances which surround the community in which weJive; and to hold communion with those of one's household, this is hfmnlr- - If it were not for these days set apart for such reunions the family ties would not be as closely riveted as they are; this is what sweetens life, and . . v.:.. .l iuc- umer portion many drink to the very dregs, more palpable, and gives zest to sentiment and strength To the affections. Children do not have too much love, not even 00 Christmas, no it is not that.but they very often have too many tovs and .. .w uw w. nun s. 1 inH?-mnt- And as I pondered lo, a change of scene, Yet the bold wind kept up its music too, And now with Santa Claus a radiant queen Enters the room robed in a sapphire blue, He with his furs and baskets loaded down, She "simply clad in cloak and flowing gown, . . Salt Lake City, v - -J- tr -- . . sutmte iiiiiuy EDITORIAL NOTES. wondered why she went about like this, And kept herself forever by his side; "And-b- n her face a smile of restful bliss So chaste and pure, 'twas like a virgin bride But all the while she walked with noiseless feet 'Til Santa Claus had made his work comnletf I The Exponent extends to all its patrons and friends here in the valleys qf the mountains, and abroad throughout the various nations, where, it goes as a messenger of "peace and good will," good " wishes and a very merrie Christmas and a Happy New year. Our readers will see that as the paper this time is a real holiday number, we have omitted for once publishing regular articles such as Reports from the several associations, and obituaries, and also We hope to . the continued story of Hephzibah. please, interest and amuse some of those who are fond of poetry and stories. It will be a distinct number and suitable to send away as a remem- brance to friends, we shall have extra copies struck off specially for that purpose. A day of solemn Fasting and Prayer has been appointed by the First Presidency of the Church to be observed throughout tfiese mountain vales,and all "are requested to unite in beseeching our Heavenly Father to pour out His Holy Spirit in and. alLtfieSaintsJ , Sl!?l.R95JlHP?9..Mis servants, watch-care as a testimony that His is over His chosen people. The day set apart is the next anniversary of the birth of the Prophet Joseph Smith December 23rd, and special meetings will be held also prayer meetings; places of business Saints will be closed on that of the Latter-da- y will commence at sundown on the day. The fast 22d, and continue until sundown of the 23rd We have heard many of the sisters express them selves desirous of a fast or meeting of this kind, and the appointment is sure to be responded toby. Saint who feels the importance every Latter-da- y of the present condition of this people. " I And as she wandered through each silent room On tiptoe quietly her task to fill, A magic light dispelled the former gloom; And here and there she scatter'd at her will Rare sweets and beauties with her gentle hand, And hummed a song, I could hot understand. .. Sometimes I thought its meaning very sad, Yet with the light in those expressive eyes I knew it must be full of promise glad And ever and anon she looked o wise-- As glancing up and down she went about 'Til Santa Claus was ready to go out. . And then she shut the door, and down she knelt, Praying to God for wisdom and for grace" 1 thought I knew what she that moment felt. But light and glory shone upon her face, When she arose and viewed each shining bead, , Nestled scrcioselyla their do whyeC'" O in your homes Let every word be like a fairy pearl, To shine in after years forever bright, A talisman, to every boy and girl To bind them closer to the hearth and home, . 'Tis Christmas Eve. In every home here Christians know the glorious name, Each face is bright with hope and joy, And every hearth with leaping flame; Nay check the happy, thoughts and words ' That should be truth, for sadly wakes Remembrance of the poor of earth - For them, what joy through sorrow breaks? W c ( at ten a.m. and two p. m. every influence possible to have this conference well attended. It is expected that some nf th Church authorities will be present to counsel the AU who are interested in the young ladies. cause of mutual improvement are invited to attend. The Conference of the Relief Society of the Salt Lake Stake will be held in the 14th Ward Assembly Hall in this City on Thursday Decem- J3?!. a. m. and m. as A usual. 2, p. representation from each branch of theJlelief Society is earnestly desired, and it is sincerely hoped there will be a laree auenaance 01 me memDers, as this is a time when union and a faithful discharge of duty on the part of each individual member seems imperative. Bishops and other brethren, are most cordially invited to attend the Conference as to-nig- ht, CHRISTMAS EVE. . Presidents of the associations are desired to use rs Whether on land or sea, they yet may room. The regular quarterly conference of the Y. L. -- Mr I. Associations of this Stake will be held in the -on Assembly Hall, FridayDecember Soth. Aleet- ings will commence angel-mothe- 7 In many a church this day have met ' The brave aad strong, the fair and bright, Until with wreaths and winter flowers fTis madet beaiiteousTsacrebrsight;" rev'rent tribute to our Lord To whom earth's jjches are as naught, 7But the soul's off ring brought in love . 7 An incense with sweet perfume fraught. A - Beneath thosoirches, garlanded With evergreens'-eterna- l prime, 'Mid columns wreathed and streaming light, 'Mid music's welcome, sweet, sublime; A being clothed in purest white, loftier a form 77" Enters, beside, And bent and youthful forms alike hisper their blessing, on: the bride. . The throng is gone the church is closed -- Andentle-vokiiJUUheLairr- rThe flights ofEome, like stars they shine-Anjoy and music wait them there. . 7 