1. WOMAN'S EXPONENTl 63 Elsmere" discloses the companionship of Mrs. cerned in expressing herself. Indeed here rePres. Lindsev then addressed the concre- Ward with her husband, who is one. of the serve was noticeable. . gation on the subject of charity and of per- most accomplished writers on these subjects in Her father states that she and her family forming our different obligations .in a manner .. -were simply astonished at the success ot her "that- would be satisfactory to ourselves and England. It was, therefore, as inevitable that Mrs. Watd should ilea! with the religTou s proHem reading thi manuscript, gravely discouraged branch of the Relief Society in Bear Lake in her first successful book,as that George Eliot, her from attempting to print it. When, Stake more energetic,in sending some one to, also cradled inprofcssional religiousness, should. despite their timidity, she found a publisher, report the respective organizations. Refered ' deal with the same perplexing phenomena in her household and intimate friends, who were briefly to some of tnVcalamities that were now life and conduct.- She spoke at the 'Cosmoin the secret, expected that it might, possibly u)ua ine canons or tne earto, the" theme. .The same, attract the the and? upon few attention of a subject politan reviewers. That importancerrcf living iive3rqf nominal ly nnde;discuision was whether, the it should become,"as it still indeed is.thesensa' Saints., world would not be quite as moral without tion of years, was and Js to them a mystery. , Coun. IILColJin ..was. the next speakri?be : Cb r k t in i ty r 1 1 was chwen in deferenceltQthe: It 18 confidently asserted that Mr. Ward will bore her testimony to the" truth of tiro"Gospil7--- ' -- V . - -- " - -- ui-ju- g eu vi-ii- true-Latter-- : -- day ' , -- v The-Orcgonu- in. been delighted to hear her speak on any subject;, but on one she was eminently fitted to disR. S.t Y. L7 M. I. A., AND P. A. REPORTS. reticence cuss 'she showed an obstinate due in part to the sophistries of some of the' MA LAD STAKE. ..--- : . .v loquacious scholastics present, who are as hairThe Relief Society. Conference of the Jflalad splitting in Dublin as their ancestors were in in Paris or Bologna centuries ago; and oi Zion was held in Malad Citv on part, d seem to unwillingness August 18th commencing at 10, A. M. Pres. perhaps, to a high-brework: father Her Lucinda Hoskins -- Presiding. Pres. of Stake own make to shop of her spoke readily and effectively, but not with a Oliver C. Hoskins and Counselors and several view to registering himself on either side of the Members of the High Council were also on the proposition. The majority of the speakers were stand. Meeting opened by singing. "The " morality morning brea ks." T Prayer was offered by quite willing to believers of Platonism wa3 83 pure as that of Christ, Bishop George Stewart. . Singing by the Hellenic culture being a favorite in both old rChoir, minutes of last" Coufercnce and Stake and the more modern Royal University. .The Report were read and approved. The Pres. of the various bran'ches gare verbal reports showdiscussion drifted away from the direct interin ing a marked improvement among the sisters;, rogatory and became a more assertive talk, Mrs. Ward which somebody at last aroused by and a determination to go ahead and live their saying that there was no morality left in the religion and keep the commandments of God, world except among the aristocracy. The all the sisters had determined to look after the assertion-w- as e poor and visit the sick and see preposterousofuiserutUlwants-thalthat they did not lack for the necessaries of wa3 ingeniously and persuasively made, the life. Several of the brethren and sisters bore V4 V V Mill V IVjlVVI middle their testimony to . the work of the Lord. and the strong Philistinism of the Conference adjourned until 2 p. m. Singing, classes being cited in its support. Mrs. Ward . shook her head Gibbs. very emphatically and at last Benediction by Counselor Wm. H. ' 1... -- Lil . Afternoon Session: Meeting convened at .. -entered the lists. " Her voice is clear, sympathetic, and finely 2 p. m. Pres. L. Hoskins presiding, after the t it ir r.t i i n.v ...vmiihiiik i H?ri iiH iiiif'ii usual opening exercises Pres Oliver C. Hos- ill j and the intonation Indicating the careful habit , kins addressed theConferencCr felthappv to see of thinking clearJy.iiefore- - speaking, and of so -- many of tne sisters assembtea m this Conference and to hear the reports from the differ speakingin the best language and with a deJi cate sense ot, voice quality, lier manner is ent Wards, exhorted the sisters to staadfirm m wholly free from forensic suggestion or didactic their religion and teach their sons and assumptiveness. She might have talked about daughter the principles of the Gospel and the weather in the same musical, colloquial teach them to be prayerful and to honor the .I 1 . i t 1 TiJ.J.iL . . J . way. Nor. did she appear to be conscious of rreisinooa ana to nve in tne iear ana aaraoni-saying augHt of the least importance, but every tion of the Lord, said he appreciated the work word was listened to with eager attention. She of the Sisters knew that the Relief Societys was said in effect that morality was not the exelu- - doing a good work, gave many other timely in sive possession of any portion of the worlds or structions which were listened to with great of any class, and pressed, with eloquent but interest by all present. Counselor Wm. H. well restrained vehemence, the point that Gibbs said he was pleased with the remarks of throughout the mass of the English people the brethren and sisters during this Conference especially, there is a sturdy and real morality spoke 'on the subiect of education also the which does not label itself aggressively as proper rearing of our children, gave much Christian or other, but is in aim and in in good advice and instruction to the sisters. TTres. Lucinda Hoskins felt to reioice in the spiration Christian. Without" offering any words in relatidhT "totheristoracy instruction we had received during this and their virtues, it was manifest that she did ference spoke on several different subjects gave not esteem them monopolists of morality in much good instruction exhorted the sisters to their day, Christian or other. It was impos- attend theirjneetings and Jbe tliligent in all sible to deduce from her words, which were things pertaining to the Church and Kingdom happily chosen without strain or affectation, of God. Conference adjourned for three months. whether she had any belief on the main question under condjderation. Sip"gingy:"Guije.U8 O. Though Great Jehovah!"; In private conversation Mrs. Ward can be Benediction was pronounced 'by Brother Jesse either gay and humorous and richly so or Dredge " '" Eliza a. Hall. Stake Sect. impressive and refreshing. Her power of s ha Sh e. ion extends over many topics., BEAR LASt B 8TA K E. than a philosophic essentially an issthetic rather or scientific mode of looking at everything, and - Minutes of the Ladies' Seini annual ConferI fancy would be liable to apply standards of ence eld at, St Oharle July 13th and 14th 1889. Saturday 10 a. m. Pres Julia P. taste where more syllogistic logicians would inChoir sang "Praise Ye the sist upon colder methods of investigation. presiding, Lindsey r V. T u . ' Ui T) J semi-pnbleffect ex When .free from the bond3 that on real . unoir ijuru x i ay : uy ? m m5 occasions every cultivated woman, Mrs. sang "I saw a mighty angel fly." Roll of read and an-1 and witty; but on Stake . officers. was called,: minutes ard pungent, brilliant . . , .1 tnts occasion she seemed to be studying unusual proved, verbal reports trom the several types of human beings rather than to be con- - branches were given in the usual order. -- thathe V. VV-- J V A V JLM . t--1 1 -- - -- . dis-paragi- ng ' . . and "madp'Fome, very encourmnrenmrk4o- those who were striving to live their religion. Pres. AnnieLakerspoke for a short time training- - of children and the obligations parents were underGod when he entrusted . children to their-care- i. f" ; v;--' Singing ''One by one the sands are running" on-th- e tic. : : - Benediction by Bishop Matfliews. Sunday, 2 P. M. July 14th lv80, Pres J. P. Lindsey presiding, among those who were, seated ou the stand were Prest Wm. Budge and Bishops J. A. Hunt and R. Calder, Choir sang 'A message from on high." Opening " , that My Redeemer lives" &c. then administered. the iSo of-storing commandments. John Bagley said it is only by the spirit of God that-wcan be -- fed on such occasions as ' these. It is necessary for a mother to under-stathe Gospel in order that she may leach ' it to her children Refered to the two thousand young men spoken of in the Book of Mormon who were taught certain principles by their mothers, and it mothers fail to teach their children correct --principles they will .be held accountable. Amasa Rich said he had come to mettinf to be fed on spiritual food, spoke of. the different principles taught by those claiming to be Christians in tho world. But- we are as Latterday Saints known, ve have the principles of eternal truth and we should teach tbcm to our children. Those who go into ihe worlds to teach the gospel should thoroughly understand its principles. This should, be a labor for mothers,, while their children are young to teach them the principles ot truth. E. 41 All red felt to relv upon the Snirit him when call of God io congregation. Had been interested while remarks of those who had pre- listening-t- o ceded him. JDweit tor a short time on various subjects that were of interest to the people. Lonterencs adjourned ior six months. Sing ing hj the choir. -- e -- . ml - -- i aili " 1 Prest.,Wm, Budge. L. M. Rich, Secretary. Benediction-b; y , , -- ic . . lof-inlerest- Latterday Saints. Bvelt fir a short time on the subject grain andrJookinj after -the poor. Coun. E. Col lings refered briefly to some few items of interest to the Relief Society, and closed her remarks by asking the blessings of God upon all who were striving to keep his . . ere manysubjectsiihat ' . at ' The Statistical and Financial report was then read by the Stake Secretary. Prcst. . Lindsey spoke for a short, time, touching upon -- con-vers- Sacrament was . . THEIR AGES. Sarah Orne Jewett will b fortv- - next Sep- tember, Humphrey Ward is Larcum is sixty-threHarriet Prescott Spoffbrd ,, is Edith M; Thomas i3 Marion Harland (Mrs. Trhune) is r Amelie will be twentv six rmxt August, Mrs. Frances Hodgson Burnett is' thirty-ninand she published her first story "thinv-eiffht;"Luc- v e, fitty-four- fifty-fiv- fiftv-nin- Rives-Chanle- e, p. e, 