WOMAN'S EXPONENT. second "Locksley Hall" and "Tiresias," which land's proudest title to a place in the fore- growth and development of the. city and con history, his eye ha3 . ever , been venience of its inhabitants. But rights of vay or date, .back, respectively, but, three and four 'keen to perceive "the vision of the future" anH steam " railroads through our streets should only year, sufficiently, sustain this statement, and the new volume, announced to be published - his mind to recognize the fact. that always, y be granted where absolutely necessary, and, then age not J; elessly stagnant, "the. old during the coming fall, will doubtless supply. in such manner as to cause as little injury and, in of its truth. order changeth, giving place untothe new:" convenience to the inhabitants as possible, and still iurther evidence is this and it what a that The liberty which is not license, and the reason- And long period only on the consent of a two thirds majority of the aoie orderliness oi me wuicu accepts iaw withbusy life has spanned!, "Waverley" was unowners of real property fronting on the street. No published .when Alfred Tennyson' was born. out chafing, and which is alone made really exclusive street franchises, to railroads should The best woik of Wordsworth and Coleridge possible by its acceptance of law "acting the hereafter be granted, but all steam railroads com lay just behind him, but his own boyhood wit- - law. we live by. without fear" this is the social-ide: ing in. or going out of the cityin which he has persistently held up before nessed the publication of alJ or nearly all the tion should so far as practicable use the same right world duiingithgsei sixty-yeawork of Byron, Shelley, and Keats. Yet the English-speakinDe oLwawand-nosiuon allowed snouia tracks ' when the time came for his own appearance a of franchise should jfql I -- u the streets. Forfeiture etter-ihesamig h ty-- voice- s- ""TonhTtndi vid u ialLo rd TeniiysoFsslage tage ponthe itsT with" com to terms. low persistent neglect the master chords, has been consistent from first to last.- The were forced to acknowledge No freight trains should run through populous and from the publication, in 1827, ot the message i3 not the most hopeful one that has Two that to Brothers" new parts of the city and. no cars . should be unloaded of the "Poems by come to us, but it is the best, perhaps, that our v t. t a!J it.. j:' in a Hall" 'Locksley "sixty years later," age is capable of heeding, and it is .assuredly All railroads should conform to the proper grade offered has sense no English poetry literary the weightiest borne by any of our content- ' 'of the streets, which should be kept graded up to. name to he compared with his. ' It is true that : -: poraries. the top of the rails and the street crossings of all for a score of years from the time when Tenny ' The most thoughtful men among us are railroads should be planked the full width of the son's first work" was"giveiT to the public, the coming to feel more and more, with our poet, streets and sidewalks. figure of Wordsworth was the most conspicthat "we know not anythiug," and that We pledge ourselves to lend our aid and Influ uous in English Ietters? but the period of Ve can but trust that good shall fall Wordsworth's noblest productivity was over ence to induce all railroad companies now here to . At. last far off at last to all, Join in the erection and use of a union depot for before Alfred Tennyson came into the world. And every winter change to spring. For upwards of sixty years, then, his has beeu passenger purposes, and to have their freight de " Ex. the great name of our contemporary literature; pots on the outskirts of the city. recognizable a3 such by many from the ap '; police. pearance, of the lyrical volumes of 1830 and 8 The police force should be neatly uniformed 1838, and by all having any competency of R. S., Y. L. M. I. A., AND P. A. REPORTS and be extended so as to give protection to every judgment in the matter from the appearance of SALT LAKE STAKE. municipal waru. the volumes oi 1842. ..- SUPPRESSION OF VICE. It may be said of Tennyson that one of the The Quarterly. Conference of the Relief Sosecrets of his power is this: that he has never ciety of Salt Lake Stake was held in the 14th, should be suppressed, and both male and female cheapened himself by too frequent and indis Ward Assembly Rooms. in this city Thursday '1 ce." Work utteran His finished criminate: is -be resorters to;such places should punished with September 12, 1889. ilrs. M. Isabella Home' , t .. t as tne worn oi no otner ingiish poet presiding. On the Stand were seated her the full rigor of the law. Of the six or seven hundred is finished. " Counselor Helen Mar Whitney and of the LIQUOR. which contain that work officers of the Central Relief Society Board closely printed pages 10 We are opposed to the traffic in liquor and there are not ten that his most critical admirer Counselor Bathsheba W. Smith and Secietary favor the highest license, practicable, and the could wish unwritten. Restraint is the high Sarah M. Kimball and Stake Secretary Elizastrictest execution of the laws for its regulation. est of all the literary., virtues, and no poet has beth Howard, and of the Presidents of ' many ENFORCEMENT OF ORDINANCES. ever shown more oi it than he. But besides brauches in the. Stake. Meeting opened by restraint, which is alter all a matter of singing, "0, Jesus the giver of all we enjoy." 11 All the ordinances of the city should be character, and besides finish, which is, after Prayer by Mrs. Diana Reed. Singing "Where vigorously enforced. has the voice of friendship's, heard." Twenty four all, a matter oi industry, .. ',. TAXATION AND PUBLIC DEBT. r the genius for poetical expression,' which is a five counselors, and one teacher re12 Taxes should be equal and uniform, and matter or neither character nor industry, and presidents,to the roll call. Minutes of last Conlimited to the necessities of municipal government, which is the -- endowment of but one man sponded ference read and accepted. . J economically administered, and to the making of among millions, lie has the power of ex Mrs, Hannah E. Crosby of St. George adpublic improvements, essential to the well beingof pression in a degree: ir the degree dressed the sisters. She spoke of her arrival ujc luuauiwiinjs duu cuubiMcm wun me grOwtn in which Virgil has it;, almost Jn the degree in the" valley in the first company that folUlr. and development of the city. J 'in wlliVl SKulroonQQi-- das lowed, the pioneers in 1847-r-wa- s one of the first It is just that future inhabitants who will enjoy hardly need to be reminded oFthis, or to have ten wagons of the first hundred, and camped the benefits of public improvements should assist indicated lor them any of .those countless on what is now known as pioneer in the in bearing the burdens of their expense. felicities of expression which abound-J- n i his 1 5th, Ward. "We had no housessquare then but we .works; those expressions of which "In soon made homes, we were called to St. George for exarnnlfi. is sn rwrMGn Alemoriam. 27 years ago and we have now a pleasant The People's Party pledges itself to this platShake and Milton the are speare other only .1 home. I have quite a family of boys. I do form, and to the maintenance and defense of, eon- Tnnrliah nAofo e fieri n ml II as ana wei not know how it would have been had I stitutional principles and the rights of mankind il T, f the unilormly repay raised them here in this City as it is now. I and will ever labor to promote universal liberty, thfl f(irm Tnis am thankful they are all faithful members of civil, political and religious. poetry; but something remains to be said of the Church. Our Rel ief Society is about in the the matter, for it is not by mere technical same position as -- yours here, and our reports perfection of workmanship that he has rained' are abou t the same. . We TENNYSON'S BIRTHDAY. have a Temple as. his.. place in our regard . - Ilia mott ov . O ""HW iO, know, and we as a Society do a great deal that which lies closest to the h parts you briefly, in that direction,-anThe eightieth birthday have made carpetiDg to anniversary of of all men of the English race, and appeals Alfred Tennyson was celebrated on Tuesday,7 to the supply the building and renewed it again, each instincts of their natures. Th deepest The branch will make a bunch of the warp. We occasion was not celebrated August 6th. domesticafFecdons and the sanctity of the with noise and ostentation but throughout the and in a patriotism not narrowed into selfish enjoy ourselves workingin the " Temple home, ' civilized world it was remembered with reour other duties." "of the rest of mankind and a disregard Pres. Home was glad f he Society of the spect and reverence for the venerable poet, by religions feeling too broad to' be fettered millions of warm admirers of his splendid by Stake had made such good reports and each any creeds and too profound to be agitated one been so genius. prompt in the duties pertainiog by the surface . currents of thought: Hipsa nr Alfred Tennysonia undeoiably the greatest r Lthe themes ofAohe; who is noere7 laureate by thereto; thought the sisters would need all the spiritual strength they couldget, to live through living poet, anJfmanj.cQmpeteutcrities the trying times; said "we will need to live our the as regarded greatest of English poets of luciauieaie oy uivine ot genius, of all right any age always, of course, conceding the serious men and women of all our race. A religion that we may be enabled to endure to the last, and let us cultivate wisdom and of Shakespeare in the field of conservative of the finest tvne. hft U dramatic literature iLike Goethe and patience, we require these gifts." She was Hugo reactionary, set upon barring the steps of PIeasc LKjrd Tennyson rounded, out - hi.i fourscore that the Relief Society was taking an progress. A champion of the existing ordPr interest in storing grain, suffered years withouthaviu, any serious embodies the hard earned fruits of the lonJr ot urged the necessity impairment of his intellectual vior. The struggle for light and justice, which is,Eng- - thetaking good care of it. "Let us pray for wayward that they may return to the fold k most-pagej- -- of iu-an- ai tbe-same'dir- ee " g rs. e ,bJ - . . , . , a " ' v " ' , J " 1 I 9 ; Lord-Tennys- - on . pre-emine- nt a mtVi-- o -- 1 1 nrT,wSeiii;. ' t d -- , pro-eminen- ce 