 than s'ix occupants. This .farm is s This village, like Salem and Danvers, sufTered farm women Mary from the witchcraft delusioa.:-Tw- o pleasantly situated, and is one of the most producEastey and Sarah Wildes were .dragged from tive in the town. They have an ; annex for the their homes and hung on Witch's hill, while walking gentry," commonly called tramps, who anotherAbigail. Hobbs was condemned to 'die, lodge and.are fed at the town's expense. Coffee was formerly, furnished them,with their bread, but but was finally pardoned.. Mary Eastey and the at oneitime so many availed themselves of this weresisters.daughters of William Tdwn.of Topsfield, who settled here generous provision that water was substituted. The question of building a separate establishment as early as 1635. All these women had led exfor thesevagrants, at some place remote.from the emplary lives, were strong.injhe Christian faith, village, is now under consideration,- This will be of the farm we have mentioned. Very few, with a native sweetness of .disposition that endeared them to their families and friends. They aan' additional grievance to them, as some.,have villages ofNeWyEngland have. retained their old- already complained of the present short trip "over ime simplicity as this one Jus done. None of became shining marks for this most Cruel persecu-Ttibbut their memory is. still treasured, and their, the hills to the poorhouse." The - old academy, the hurry and bustle, of its more enterprising eloquent appeals for justice and mercy have not which has been a landmark for many generations, neighbors have come, over these hills. One manufailed to find a place in the hearts of. the genera- - is quaint and interesting, situated on. an eminence facturer only has gained a foothold, and even he '. . ,, i in inc 11ca.11 ur uic viuac. hesitates to destroy the quiet of thevillage by im- l tions that have folmwed tb era. is and of The inhabitants of Topsfield follow in the footr The study geology potany becoming porting foreign laborers, and .only employs the sons and daughters of his neighbors and friends. very popular throughout Essex county. Man)' of steps of their ancestors, whose traditions and occuthe smaller towns and villages have organized pations clinc tenaciously to the soil. The natural No Queen Anne.turretted villa dots hill or plain, and no summer hotel invites .the stranger to .this f clubs through the influence of the famous Essex surroundings of the village seem to be a defence at Salem. against intrusion; and we should bless the ever Institute which has its quiet retreat." have exhibited fine collections A strong feature of Topsfield is the accessi- r Some ofthe towns lasting., hills that preserve to us a.peaceful old-ti' . i. . '. r r OLJViia nowers ai inc annual lairs 01 ims county, village, the fulfillment of the Puritan's dream. bility of all things that make country life desirable, and Topsfield ought to send of its abundance, or "V. R.," in Boston" Transcript. to a lover of nature. No long dusty roads or toil- . t V? he flora of the village and its vicinity is rich. The borne cumuing are necessary 10 pui oeiore one meadows, from, early spring until midsummer, pre the wildest, views, the prettiest dells and the RELIEF SOCIETY CONFERENCE. greenest meadows bordered by grand old oak and sent a succession of vivid colors, from the multiFoot-path- s tude and variety of wild flowers. Before the road-- i n and hickory trees. The. evening session of the Relief Society stiles, of which Burroughs laments there are so side grass is green, and while the buds are yet few in this counlrv. , take vou within the shade of j swelling on the trees, the cowslips or meadow but- j Jbeen though there were more brethren present. the. pines up the hillside to an elevation where tercups, or marshmallows, as they are frequently FT. Ynnnor nrpsiilp MYs. Zina nnrl thp. , l tL L:ti. ri.it.- - called stretch, up their vigorous yellow bloom out ; of the watery hillocks, that ooze and sputter at the meeting opened with the hymn. waters of Pigeon Cove, the hiph hlnfls of Beverlv O. my. Father thou" that dwellest," etc. Shore, and when the atmosphere is clear, Marble-hea- d lightest weight. The painted cups then follow, and the harbor of Salem town. From this whose petals shade from green- - to the brightest -Prayer by Mw. Lucy B. Young, singing a hill we look down upon the village, with its two red, forming score, or more of clustering cups, "We thank thee O God for a prophet."' Jarm--likthat draw the water , through their hollow stems e church- - spires, shadystteetscomfortablei President Young called for those Presidents houses, and upon the Agawam, spanned by and drop, it from the brim. Brxantsingsjnpxiihe "Of takeX"whohad not reportedTrT the mornof this flower,,which is rarely found in New EngDy overnanging trees .and midges ana snaaea ing commencing with Mrs. Lizzie McDonald Virnh This " rnmantiV ctr9m fhat' liftmc onrl land Who had formerly presided over the Relief "Scarlet tufts are glowing in the green, like lakes bends all the .way to the ocean, is like a little Society of Maricopa Stake, and. was also of fire!" brook during the summer months, but overflows familiar with the organized Society in Mexico. The wanderers of the prairie know them well,," The its banks in the spring and autumn, turning the speaker gave an excellent report of the outlying meadows into a broad, smooth lake. In and call that flower "the painted cup." Then, labora of the sisters in Maricopa Stake and come the dark red triliura and the white buck IJH, .IVtJ Alb lUt nuUUItl lilliO, .ilUU UCUliU spoke especially of the Papago ward; gave an stretch other ranees, with Monadnoc anrl' Jbean, the thickly strewn purplish, red blossoms of iuteresting account of the wav in which the the pitchers, the "Jacks," with their lords and Indian women were being, trained in house Wachusett dimly outlined on the, horizon, In the centre of the village is a wide common, intersected I ladies, and the white azalea, rich in 'fragrance. keeping and other pursuits as also dress etc I Tne elms st shaded ofthe and is bordered two the harmon teaches them music aud to sin? by paths by spring production by arethusa, .town the hall old two and: auu colonial us iu note and Sister McDonald felt it inspiripg churches, vaucgaicu ujj ungai pmic .petals, the' by of most fascinating, delicate and delusive of all the to. hear; them fing. Sister McDonald spent last houses, built by the.Emersons in the beststyle . . .u:.- . r RniH it. vAfv mnrK winter in Mexico pninvfi arumtcLi-utui a iiuuurcuj years ago, giving a water plants, for it hides itself in the most inacM J 'J J fgrand and gracious air.to this inland town. An cessible places. The highways and fields are some of the . best people had gone there, and .ancient house still stands near the common, built covered with bloodroot, anemones, violets, brown had :their.boy8 around themj;thehaYe;.8u.ffered-- : andblue;ihe rdog!QdtH7vt6Ier'dig daintily on many privations in times past, and. she sympa-- , thized with them .in many respeqts. . Her defrom the Indians. There is no record of its age, its stem, blue hepatica, red columbine, the stately, but it is supposed to have stood at least two hunslipper and the cardinal flower. In October, the sire was to do good everywhere that her lot dred and twenty years, and has few companions blue fringed gentians cover the meadows, and the. migui, uc cast, uo mauer wnere 11 mignt De. left anywhere in. New England. It was the home pure white gentian is often found by their side. She had never felt better in her life than now. Dr Pratt then read the totals of the general of Rev. Joseph Capen, the first minister of Tops-fielThe woods contain fine specimens of ferns that who came here from Dorchester in the have attracted the attention of botanists. The delireport of the Relief Society which stated there now enrolled 16,747 members! and seven .were middle of the seventeenth century. Ik v. John cate, brown fern,so often in demand'for herbariums stakes not reported, vk. Davis, J2mery, Morgan,-.PaDguit- cb, 1 EmersouxcledMr penxandJn his Jong is a native of these woods. Parowan, San Luis and Wasatch, .The. birds in Topsfield are of brilliant ministry of forty-si- x years, though often deprived plumage, ' PresVV jllmirth East gave a good repor of of his meagre sahry, managed to amass fifty and many varieties that have not visited their old St. Joseph Stake and said Pres. 0. Lay ton alhome for years, having been driven thousand dollars, a large fortune for those days. away, it is ways attended the Sisters - Conferences, they He was a brother, of Rev. Joseph Emerson, from said, by those troublesome English sparrows, are were a good people down there end trvineto now returning in great numbers. Amon? them whom ..came the Concord branch. The Rev. live their God and keep hi3 comreligion serve Joseph was spiritually minded, never counting the the scarlet tanager and thegayly colored grosbeck mandments. in Spoke glowing terms of her things ,of this world, and he ceased to hold occasionally: flash before us as we pass through love of and the of Constitution of liberty friendlyiand brotherly communion with John, who the wood, while yellow birds, the little brcwri our glorious country, rejoiced . in the freedom he thought was too much engrossed in worldly thrushbluebirds in variety, and hosts of its principles guaranteed, her sentiments were affairs., The colonial houses were built by de- - orioles, swinging in their nests, are seen dailv be. accords wit h rthe em phai ic5leiaratibn ll scendants" of . rarson: john ,c umuis. io appreciate tne most beautiful of Patrick Henry when he exclaimed, "Give when one became the property of the Congregasounds of the country one should take an early me liberty or rgive me death." Sister East tional church, to" be used as a parsonage, lilac flight from'the city Comewith the cowslips and apulogized for Pres. Emma Brown's absence trees -- over eighty y ears old, thatlhad been the robins. In no other way can the infinite variety of from the Conference said she had been , travel pride and delight of a former generation, were cut pleasures and surprises afforded hv th AixrUUr, i ng with her recently th rough Wasatch Stak e, to the ground.they m seme measure destrpyingihe: lof natuje be fully realized .r zz: aud ; had ebjoyed i t very m uch, the Soci ety ' this" of We are deality village. reminded of "the Practically, life in Topsfield is one of eeneral throughout, the Stake was in a prosperous. conwiiutu io leave tus prospeniy. -- ine poorve have 3 wav hm.k rv4WUis.vwUH,:,uWUC,ci dition. :':'.:,1 home in Cambrid ge when the lilacs were in to this for applies scarcely bloom;' even the poor -- Counselor Sasah.P. Crosby of. Panguitch Stake, village, transmitted her genius to some of her descendants (among, whom, are Oliver, Wendell Holmes and Richard H. Dana), the benevolent features and amiable characteristics of her husband, the old . colonial governor, can be easily traced in some of his descendants in this village. Anne Bradstrect was daughter of that rigid old Puritan, Governor Thomas Dudley, and every generation since her ' time in .Topsfield. has had a Dudley Cradstreet amoDg its number, even to the present occupant, has-les- . - , . 4 n, , -- , , . head-quarte- rs - . me f - ? 1 1 . 1. well-wor- T ! - i ; - -- . . V , -- -- f 1 . w ' AA - . . d, - . ia-lu- . . ; ' ' " 