'' ' ; ' ) t A PAMl 1 SALr LAKE VoL 18. ' CONTENTS. Ah! CITY, UTAH, AUGUST 1, 18S0. little we heed the sun's shining, constantly revealirg" new phases of character., It was more like a game T)f chess between mother and daughter, and Hepsie always managed to keep her. mother, in a state:ot per plexityrof "whiclrthe child was totally uncon- - of a pies ence, That made each burden seem light; Dispensing around us sweet incense, Glad'ning our hearts with delight. Has vanished from sight now forever. Its sparkle, lustre, and bloom, Nevermore fiesh garlands. we gather. All round lies silence and gloom.- -- Theeatttyn"dgface Primary Day Luella Stoker. Encouragement East. R. S. and Y. L. Reports San Juan and Juab. Granger Meetings M. A. G. Westminster Abbey. Women in Journalism Selected. Woman's Mass Meeting at Sanpete Lucinda L. Dalton. Notes and .News. . Ann Rigby. , . Poetry; "Three Chippies Lu Dalton. Re-- " quiem L. M. Hewlings. Birthday Greeting L. L. G. Richards. Response Wm. Willes. Jus tice vs. Chivalry Warner Snoad English Wo man's Review. . --Je- nnie . , . lister? reasoned "anirexplaineuVeh'e wept floods of tears, and when at last she could weep no as more, she fell asleep ouly to awaken I?, a maze,-it were, thinking she was in the"old house and grandpa there with her as before this terrible shock had come upon her. Mrs. H. ' tried to make her understand how happy would be the reunion of grandpa and his wife, ' whose name she bore and whom " so tenderly loved, and cherished her memory so fa i thru! ly. The chil d ga v e herself li p to par- - r. oxysms of grief, piteous to those who loved her, and her mother now more than ever fully realized that some change must be made in Hepsie's iifer Meantime the oldest son arrived from Boston to attend the funeral and look after the ' property. He paid little" attention to the ..widow, oi his brother. whom he had defrauded, though keeping up some appearance of respect to perserve the dignity of his father's lamily perhaps; but "'weTr'allwaseau'd to receive the rethe lamily tomb mains and sealed up again,and such ceremonies Tears must flow to give relief; While we yearn for a balm of healing, To allay cgrroding grief. , Who can rend this dark cloud of sorrow, - Bring solace in our sore need; Give hope of a brighter tomorrow, Whose hearts are healed that now bleed? I walked In a shady, cool garden, r One lovely bluT day in June, When all the wild birds were ' Each piping his favorite tune--. The robin, sang love tb his lady, The bobolink, "Beautiful Day;" But. I listened, smiling sedately. To a wee one who only could say he-had- . Tho' bereaved, with hearts sorelytrigken ' Groping through darkness our. way; "OrgiveTis a faith that provisions The Land of Immortal Day! To follow where' Providence leadeth Tho' passing under the rod, Believing our child, Katie Edith, Lives in the gardens of God. Three chippiestThree rchippiestlhreeiippiesl " . Now what "cahnberneant by ''Three chippies' r" In birdland's melodious tongue? means his three children I have t Soft cradled the green leaves among. And these must be, wonderful, truly, . He sings so triumphant a strain; Dame Nature's high masterpiece surely, " Hark! over and over again 'Three chippies! three chippies! three chippies!" - -- it!-li- " re-open- -T- . L. M. Hewlings. Atchison Kan. Dear birdie, I murmured, partaking jj jg gushingTxuberaat joy, I wish you delight in your darlings, Two lovely wee girls, and a boy. 1 He paused not to hear the concluding, ; For compliments, cared not a pin; Andjerrnyglances eluding, Again poured his rapturousdin "Three chippiesl three chippiesl three chippies!" HEPHZIBAH. -- IV. Weird fancies do possess us now and then, - And even child-lif- e has its histories;" Which older grown we fain recall again, its mysteries. : v.rl::.-::l:zz:- .:.: :;: mrrz . . . Nor caB be entrapped into giving .An enemy' one point of gain." For neither believing nor doubting Can alter one faet, high or low. Let scoffers grow weary with flouting, I'll still know, whatever I know, '.'Three chippies! three chippies! three chippies!' V:::::qzr-- : Lu REQUIEM. and military title iqo defense. , . DALTON, . : ' Alas, another chan ere awaited Henhzihah. close upon her father's death, the following , n .t t t young or tne village, once "the agea veteran master" at the mill,. and for. so. many years almost the sole occupant of the old farm house, where our little heroine had roam at will, the dear old grandpa whom she loved so fondly, passed quietly to his rest as though falling asleep. The villagers who had known him all their lives, could scarcely mourn for one who had outlived his usefulness, though they honored hi3 memory with niany encomiums of praise, for his good deeds, his uprightness, hit sterling integrity, and for his patriotism 1 , Oh, wisest; philosopher living, That never will argue in vain, . pitiful. In vain'her motherland brothers and Dear Savior, thou mighty one risen. us thro darkness and pain, --To see, tho our loss it is given- Our loved one Eternal gain. To know there's a clime that is fairer Than beautiful June on earth, Where flowers transplanted, bloom ever. Renewed in glorified birlh. -- . "I caunot live without my grandpa sho sobbed between her screams; he cannot be without me, let me bo buried in the same grave, he will never-b- e happy without me. lie loved ne best of all the world." Such random expressions and then the crying was jDwelsarinot refrain from weepingi THREE CHIPPIES. Offended, and thinking to pique. him , By feigning to doubt, don't you see? ' I said, no, I'll never believe it Unless you will show them to me; For often, who boasts all the loudest, Has least to establish his claim; And he who walks highest and proudest With a gush like a laugh he proclaimed-"Threchippies! three chippiesl three chippies!" ' scious. 1 " " No. 5. wa3 "'Mid summer's beauty and bloom, While for our sweet bud we are pining Now withered in beautiful June. Hephzibah A Story. The ' Lady Doctors of India. Trifles Sarah Adey. "'EDiTChtiALr Royal Wedding- Editorial Notes: 0 affairs settled, then he sent adrift the two old people who had li ved so many years at the farm and were devoted to the old major, with a bare pittance, not caring if they went to "the poor house, or not and they had done iaithtul ser-- . vice and were at least entitled to their living. His sister-i- u law courageously spoke in their defense but he cruelly resented it by saying, "the very roof tliat shelters" you and yours -You s h a 1 iio t rightfu lybe ! on gstom have it s ho retorted , n ot i f...there is la w he law in the land to protect the rights of the widow and the fatherlessr" He felt he had gone too far, but he was, not proud to recall his words, and walked away saying he did .not, caret ever, to set foot in the village- again. Before leaving'however he barred the widows of the old home, and put heavy' doors and told the neighbors it would soon ' betaken down. Hephzibah had looked upon the old house as her j)wn, her grandpa had often told her she shou Id ha ve the homes tead , and all " the beautiful old laces, linen, etc.; aud now 'twas shut against h er, and uncle E i sh a h ad car ried Ja way; every tliing valuable. The child rebeled and called him cruel and hardhearted; and to: no protested against being xobbedbu 1 . , 1 int - locks-upon---- the . 1 And little Hepsie as she was now almost -- - invariably called by the children her play-purpose.- mates was disconsolate and refused to be - : A newera now began in Hepsie's history. comforted, in fact so wild and uncontrollable She was just eommeucingtoTmerge from child-lifwas her grief thather phi losophrcarmother intojhe real m of girlhood. Her mother was puzzled. There was so much in the child's was keenly conscious of the change, and nature that seemed "from the world apart," seriously resolved to break the g spell that it was difficult to tell what one ought to around her, and the associations so closely indo under the circumstances. This the mother tertwined with her affections, and sent her knew, for she had studied Hepsie, as she would away to school, where' new scenes and sura problem in algebra, and found her murh roundings would break the spell and give more subtle thing to deal with"; because she activity to her dormant, energies Mrs. H, tlL e that-clun- Oh, June! Beautiful month of roses; Grief. bides in our hearts And we mourn for our bud of promise, That has passed with thee away. to-da- y; " - 