EXPONENT; WOMAN'S 10 WPPds rrrow tn .. Ln 1. nil old and gray, and well befitted its owner; 'twas JieJaswere negieciet;, uiu aiuij the sport ot and thefine old cherry trees were a rambling country dwelling, ganibrel-roofc- d .i the eaves projecting wide, and the swallows had the birds and the unruly u renins oi um uciSu-i,,.udemanded some little built their nests year "'after year in the same uuiiiuuu. Tho j. u JMrpci nooks and corners, until they seemed as much attention once or twice a year, but the master . at home as the inmates of the house. Outside never gave any orders to his servants so the u.uuuu-- " 'twaa quaint in design of no particular archi- ' hne estate was leiiioimiu one : u: in ronm. mnarr lipr rnrnpr , the u.uvf&l in ins tecture, rather rudely builtbut withal substantial, and like its master had seen much service; she, whom he so loved had occupied, and drank the storms of many winters had beaten. upon his tea, aud.. ate hi3 tasteless ..meals, (scarce ..; its walls, and it was weather-worn- ; inside it realizing what he aia,) on me same fuuuu tai fr'f sn manv times in the was roomy, home-lik- e and commodious;.. the chatted "oyer large wide open JirQ-p- l ace bespoke" warmth and "olden days they two had sat and ana sKetcnea out me guiucu comfort, especially when great logs of wood the . romantic past .... i. . .i ni.i future." There was tne queer ; cupuoaru . iiucu few xnieces of silver- ' - - china, a ' - " old ' up fitfully, and the, taU, thin, tallow candles with I'll U niinint. i burned with a flickering light, and shadows ware seldom ever washed, a chest of drawers flitted hitter and thitber in the long,low rooms packed with linen that was never aired.- with their sombre walls; then the house had For year3 the masterjived onandjonjm the almost a legendary; appearance, : and one same dull, stupid, monotonous wey until' he susceptible of illusions, might readily have ;Wn'i nparlv a hundred vears old. Once or been induced, believe the frightful stories of twice a year the eldest son and heir, long ago had fa len into a ruin.J tliM a fay ghosts and witches, that' were the regular tire, WV tnrv whip.h J ill U nf J winter pastime, oh a festive evening, in the the namesake of h father and father's father, country houses. The. furniture of the place Elisha, would come up from Boston, to look was in harmony with its other after the property and see that no one carried appointments, oaken ana aarK and heavy made; tall chests away the vaiuaoies; ana eacn time ne anuci-pate- d of drawers with awkward brass knobs, reached renting the estateto some thrifty young from the floor to the ceiling, "filled with the farmer, who would make it'pay a good interest, that-haof d once been the pride-as well as keen it in repair. - "No! No!" was family Jinenr the fair young mistress; Jtable3 we should call invariably the answer. 'Wait: until T am clumsy now, and chairs 'and sofas straight-backe- d opone." A vounfer son" resided in the village, j and uncomfortable, corresponded well but his family his was large, though "he like o,' with the other articles of furniture. In the , father, had married 1 a to in life, and had not been very successful in his enterprise, had met " lyum, jue principal nving-room- n J"t inthedavsof-tho-f- l ' ' with heavy losses', and the: eldest son hated him ' jlvv I when the children were around. them, was a tall and would not allow -- anv interference on- - his inside which one might have part in regard to the homestead, lhis was the majestic stood upright with perfect ase; the large bras condition of affairs three score vears ao and penddtiiar rtrnto and fr.v ?..; moreyaHhe time tur story opens, and thovil when it counted the merry hours for the happy lage,wasas described in the opening paragraph. fa m i r that d wrd ifh I -.l . " - -- . SiP'Rdj - 7 -- . - . - W V -- . -- - - !. un- derstand the situation, the aged man took his hat and cane, and off ' he strode with the little one tothe house of his son, a short distance away, only a few minutes walk, and with the a child -- he entered The son irapatience-- of welcomed, his father warmly, and after seating him comfortably" by the fire, explained why he had sent for. him on such a cold raw day. "Father" said,he; 'we have had .sons and -- the seventh, daughters, 'six in number,-this'iand perchance may be the last in your life- time, and I want you to name it, a;id filling the glass with purple wine he handed it to his i yen era bj e fa t h er, w h o t a k i ng 2j Z d ra n k Z:JLo , "Hephzibah," and said "I shall not live long shall bear the and she who was born name of her I loved so well and mourn so sincerely. The wee little creature shall be called 3 to-da- y for her grandmother, who wa's "the pride of the village." And then he uttered, possibly unknown to himself, a prophecy that she should become learned aud wise, and that in all the village none should excel her in the road to fame. But of all thi3 no one thought much at the time, but years afterwards the saying came-bacto their remembrance with increased significance. Dinner was served, and the old Major grew talkative. A tender chord had 1o been tou ched by repeating the name-h- e ved so well, foiv how. dear the plainest name3 be come jvhen associated with those precious, to ... our heartsV we all know. The children grandpa named the baby. sister, z and when theywere told 'twasHephzibah, they . - Wl V C O tw 1 nameit" Ilcaring this and beginning to deserted rooms. The great broad face looked knowing and wise as much as to say. I the family chronology. I have marked keep .the time of -- births, of "marriages tin d deaths faith- fully for years. I guard the honor of the house, and know its history. Many times in years after when the Jong, low room was deserted, the old clock was like a familiar friend, and its' ix m uiequiei oi tne old house seemed uwjk, Jto9A.dftep silence that rested upon it. four-scor- e "Fou rscorey eafsan dlnl)rehairflo"wiiTncTlhe old Major first saw the light of day, and those he knew in early life, one by one had gone un- loved and cherished tii none, remained, " companions oi his youth, and he felt, -- of:-th- e ."Like one who treads alone, some banquet hall de serted are fled,, whose garlands, dead, And all but he departed.' ' 11 so sweet a little baby should have such a terrible name given to it. But grandpa was inexorable, and tears and entreaties were of no avail, and as if to make peace he said she should have all the fine embroidered laces, her grandmother had wrought with her own dainty fingers, the .:. chests of linen, the elegant, Hold china, the silver ware and spoons, and all the silkland'ribbons'soiong packed away out of sight, that no woman was permitted to handle, much less to wear. All this and mpre he promised on the day,of her birth to the unconscious little one. . . j,y.9??.A'S!. -- think to be continued. He.was much alone: occasionally his srand children who lived near the homestead would come in and listen to His strange stories, but his heart seemed cold and dead, and he never kissed or caressed them in fact thev worried . NOTES AND NEWS The Connecticut House of Representative ias passed the bill granting school sufTfarre to him; so theHold woman used to -say who waited1 . . i on mm. . .jfi ine little tning3 wondered at his m- - jvoriieu, jyiin ine rigni to noid scnooi omces. iffeTinroeTnirlte orand- iaxom4Mmorerrmerg1oo7n The New England Woman RnfTr pa?" And mamma would explain how he After six and twenty years of uninterrupted mourned for her he had so tenderlv loved, his ciation, having reached the a?e of twentv-nnp- . .domestic felicity, the master waar left is no longer in the minority period, and i3 enalone with wife; and that no daughter had come into the boys. No daughter had been born to titled to the ballot and full right3 of citizenhome to fill the vacancy; ancPit may be them to bear the semblance of the strange beautiful to state thatnone of his son's wives suited him. ship generally.; The shin file of conservatism wife and? mother, , though the father still refuses to go over the dam, but the- in tie thought them all too common place. They , . had naA i i nr An vV .vu6vu iwi unc, j.iu oo ineiignt evitable is near at hand. Boston Globe. vuuiv iiut cufcci iuwu uis leeaiigs ana views; ana .and comfort nf hia Knmn !r . were ., tne plans ; ;r bad no witli his whims. He talked the happy couple laid, in xauy : The Connecticut House of.. K.enrrcAnf nVa that past which was: mucti to patience himselt often and fancied his that gone forever no,- to train and educate a. little has passed a bill providing that ' : Jffiiofe thejightoilhis Jifesat bylhima3-xnbe disqualified for being a member of shall v days any gone by. them this desire. grant TKoKneKo,i ecclesiastical society, with all the i? privileges ot nis treasure yearned mnm- muu un was deep zdaywrhen: and of male members, or frnm TinMJnnever lur wo-- upon the Errouhd. r Kv he was thP sitting Uta officerights manly companionship. His mother had been in such society, by reason of sex;" also, a orner:firerplacetoying with hh silver'snuflT bill " " never Known what it making women .eligible to the' office of anu musing was to have a sister; and now his though holding sweet comwife the beAssistant Town; Clerk and Resist loved of his heart. munion, with her he loved; and a little child 7, l hd - fcV 'orever. - :waiitiiufcand-Driptrcarunning-inrauic pnue ui n is ioiaa roused him from his dreamy reverie, exclaim lUnnnU 4 e ;WUf3UU iis "Mrs. J ulia Ward Howe OHSTand-h- e7 . ffaro.himen f ing, xews! grandpa; good news!" The beautiful gifts on her seventieth birthday, May Kid man half dreamingBaidrNo;iuy"solhe and "me the 27, a'"' totally un- - has not come r , papers have devoted much space to K,,Auback, she cannot come, I have tributes ' r A irni"!r called her often, b.ut all in vain;" "But grand-pa- , lhe current number of A reasoned the child, "papa sent me to tell Mrs. bo3s. iheboya grev to manhooil and enteral Howes birthday with a series of contributo the come over; you must come, its to see upon you busy, practical pnrsuii3 0f tions m prose by her children, Florence Howe the new baby, it came at sunrise this morning, father clung so iX Hall, Laura E. Richards. Mnnrl Hntrn "a and papa wants vbu to drink tnit frnT tenaciously. The and Henry M. Howe, with a selection from the' for it is a girl, and you are to writings of the late Julia Romana Anagnos." Deserted halls where all was once so bright, Now so neglected,jshadowy and pray; For she, who made the home so full of light, . -- his-fiv- - -- 1 the-sn- ow - - "T, 1 r. - to-i- a- . ,t me J well-deserv- llifrd- r,S ed - -ti- nd-loniife, - -- 