WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 178 all that ha3 been said or .written on the subject,- - can only use an iufluenco with my. pen, for the awakening of thought on the subject of.hqmes and tho moral and spiritual effect of their sanmrffdinjW(05ociarions. 1 know it is a proverb that "homo is home, be it ever so RELIEF-SOCIETY-CONFERENCE. in happvJiQm3 , Homf prayer and praise ascend, homes where peace and content pervade the atmosphere; horfes whTefeTiirihanspurest tmd hesTis taught, and principles of right instilled and engrafted into the hearts of the little ones so firmly that 'nothing can ever erase wholly from the" soul. abounds homely;but-it-wi- ll The spot vreuall'lioihe may be unattractive in many respects, but there must be something that hallows it, or we could not. (cbo,rih it in our heart of hearts as the dearest place of all. Traverse this Territory over and see the happy Youth is beauty in one sense, and pleasures homes. Humble and Jowly they maybe, but, are greatly enhanced by the jvery vigor and morning and evening, the hymn of gratitude charm that hangs li kea crown of glory over, and prayer of thanksgiving to God is offered Ike heads of the young, and reflects itsbright-nes3- n up. - Listent6"thedailyeachinsyith6y are jeyeryjobjectiiJtia-lha-am- e inevery- - u ch aa z w i ILtendr to ele vata iumanchara cter,": land and "clime", XhU'XmoiTg .all civilized na and to make genuine men and women, true to I tions of the earthy whetherjvel go jto Italy or themselves, to - their own convictions, to the r Arabia home is home, and tW more refined Constitution of the United States, and the rmd.finste,t.he individual, the hiarejJellcately principles of liberty that are dearer to the and elaborately are heaOeconsinrerwoTeii heart of an --American than anything else on with" the external objects that are in and around earth. What is life without freedom? .It is the home itself. It. may be the lilac bush, a ouTof a race of men and women o - rose tree or a or nil these and - will grow up that " America willyef be proud-tclaim. . ; more; but imperceptibly to those around us forever lingers the meraoTie3 that can never And again we may say that the home of die, of the places and attractions of one's one's childhood is where the first seeds of good childhood hours. One of the sweetest of poets or evil are sown that eventually ' bring forth-fruisweet or bitter, as the case may be. 0 (and poets know how to read the heart pretty writes how gfandlyessentialrthen, that these homes, of the home of his childhood. well) these nurseries of. the human soul, should be ; "I've wandered on. thro many a clime where flowers x)f that character that will give healthy tone of beauty grew, ' to the living elements embodied in the soul, Vhere.all was blissful to the The quarterly conference of the Relief.. -Societyzof :CassiaStakeyasherdriDassia March 22d, 1889. Present Wihe stand Pre sident Louisa Haight and Counselor Elizabeth' Tuttle; presidents of the different branch or ganizations, also oi the btake presidency Bro. H. D. Haight and Counselor Moroni Pickett, and. Robert Wilson, patriarch. Conference opened by singing and prayer. Statistical and financial .reports were read showing the branches to be in fair condition.' also eacn president veroally reported, that the sisters were striving to do their best. .. President Louisa Haight said: "the sisters have their own salvation to work out and should have opportunities of performing-their- " duties." som- eBishop -- Taylore length training qfehildren. Counselor Elizabeth Tuttle. bore her testimony, and made "a few remarks. During the afternoon session the conference waj addressed by Brother Moroni Pickett who and love in ..training our spoke .of kindness . . , t .1 ij ..I cnuuren, anu various oiner interesting subjects. Sister Durfee; "President of primary at. Almo, advised the young people to make the best of ' their opportunities. -J-- - j " - . "sliclT-home- s honey-suckl- on-th- ' e, t, heart and lovely to the view I've seen them in their twilight pride, and in their dress of morn, "But "none appeared so sweet to WlcTTTieJs I was born." honor, and true heroism! Our young mothers should take into consideration everything that --- . The heart clings so affectionately to the objects that have entwine! themselves around its tendrib in early life, that no after attachments First impressions are always strongest, they lay foundationfbrlLJutureJUendhould The sort of Bohemian life many,,, injurious in the ex peoplel treme to children. ... Living in lodgings, in hotels, here and there, with no settled home and no place the child can. ever look back to as a true home, is a great mistake. It may do for those who have no family. If that class of people like to be unsettled, and free from care and responsibility, there is only themselves to be considered, but when children are born to them, the subject becomes serious. By all means, if parents would raise a family of good,-- obedient children, and expect to have - them grow u p useful members of society," good citizens, and an honor to their country and their God, then let them see to it that the home of their childhood is neat, cheerful, Lei no. beautiful, and orderly as possible. contention or quarreling be countenanced, and well-to-d- o to-da- , - yaT y self-evide-nt " Jet Jbexegul will conduce to the well-bein- g of all the inmates. Industry i3 one essential . principle. Each child should do some regular work daily, " and all be so carefully arranged that no one need feel his burden heavier than.it should be. Labor is not degrading, but elevating, when it is well done;' the silly idea that domestic occupations are menial should be discarded, among us as a peopl e certainly. To be able to do all that is necessary in the wayojhojekecping not omitting" any"detair, "from the cellar to " . the:garre,is almostndispensable iotheedttt f ' of one jwjiexpectsto Jbej mother. These are the women whosehomes are desirable places of restfulness. The newfangled notion -- fTrtordJnb error; if we would have our children grow up under proper influences. In these respects Utah 13 pursuing the proper methods. I am aware it, is said that "in 1 lutlu uru "0 nomes, out intne lace oi e viires--andowers7-he- be as perfect as possible. CAUon to-refin- . jorthejamenature-ever4akeso--firm-a-hold- r the tend and ennoble the generations yet unborn. Beautify and adorn the home "outside" and inside, but first oFall get a per manent, home. Ancestral halls are famed in history. Why may this generation not plant them. Our . people are the "old settlers." made the country what it is, planted They the trees and embellished the places with --shru e bberyr and restructures that will building Temples, main for generations t ot beautiful homes? Homes that the children of . can look back upon with as much love, as" great pride and .enthusiasm, and a3 much attachment to, as dov any of the people in older countries who cherish the tender sentiment of "home sweet home." i. The way in which this city was laid out is a fact that Brigham Young's idea of homes for the people was a correct one. Each lot had sufficient room for a little garden; where trees, and flowers, and shrubbery might be cultivated as well as vegetables for Jablel use7TlyTIf emember how much more homelike the city looked while, the gardens remained. But though all may not have gardens, the home may be made attractive in various other ways. A few pictures, a little pains taken to make the furniture look bright and - new, and - above everything "else rooms? kept neat and tidy. Plenty of sunshine and fresh air make the house wholesome and the inmates better natured, Let the children enjoy the parlor as well as the grown people. Never shut the children out from anv nla because it is too good for them; they will be more rennedajiLcultivated-i- t they- - are tamrht how to handle thincs that are vnlnnhU nl pretty, than if they are always denied the Childhood's "hours pas3 quickly pleasure. enough, and the, cares and perplexities of uimg ttuuuv many uuuuges iu one s ieeiinfs will prudent to fortify our children bv afenernns supply of good nature and: help them to cultivate all the higher and nobler attributes of the mind. -iv'- - -7- "Gather the rosebuds while ye may, . . l Old time is still ndjhat same flowerahat blooms shall, be dying.'' To-morro- w to-d- ajr ; -- ? -- SisteiiJanet-WhittleJ)ore-her-testimony- rr Sister Annie Bird spoke of the way in which women everywhere are coming to the front J'It Js.a. noble ,thing4ohe a .mother in Israel; we should esteem the nameLatter-daylSaintBrother Robert Wilson spoke at some length said "a sister with the desire of God in her heart i3 a helpmeet indeed; sisters can do much by prompting their husbands in their d uties, husbands should also promptTtbeiF wives. Mothers need advancement,; for they lhave the care and train ing-- of the youngs children from their infancy., , Brother Orsdn Bates spoke upon the burdens of wifehood, and how a considerate husband may lighten, the same; said if children see no mean, actions they would know none., Sister Adelaide Brim of Albion, said a kind word to the sick was easy to give and was often the greatest help. "We should appreci-at- e the privilege of, meeting together while we have it. f President H. D. Haight spoke upon husbands acknowledging the equality, and considering the wishes of their wive3. i Closing remarks by President L. Haight; "Adjourned to" meet at Elbaln three months. Louisa Pickett, Secretary. . " . . -- Mrs. Frances Hodgson Burnett is said to be dramatizing her story of "Little St. Elizabeth," There are sixty women among the 1 G,000 dentists of the United States. ' . Jean Ingelow writes in her conservatory with flowers to the right and flowers to the left. : ". ' In Detroit, 2,700 women registered to vote for school directors, and they have elected a woman to the school board. -- : - : The California Legislature has passed a bill permitting women to vote for school "trustees7 A bill giving lull municipal suffrage to women was defeated in the Senate by a close vote, 15 7 to 18. ; -- In British Columbia, where single women and widows have had municipal suffrage for many years, a proposition was lately brought before the , local Parliament te make them , eligible-t- o municipal officesTItwdefeated one vote 6 to 5. by ' 