WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 192 OBITUARIES. IN MEMORIAM. Editor Woman's Exponent: Died Feb ."27th, 1889, at" her residence at St. Charles, Bear Lake County; Sarah Ingersdl Holmes.. Deceased ? Sister Last Sunday morning, the 7th Inst., - f in was born Sept., 16th, 1816, at Gloucester, Essex County p, Toone died at her residence this ward. " Ct$4thif her health has; been very delicate, Mass., her father's name was Isaac Harvey, mother's name been has con: she weeks Dorcas Curtice. wholly ive npt .v . her times her I8 illness, at Holmes and went the Sister crossed plains-during although . been very intense, yet the cause of herdethrough to California, stayed there one year then went back Generat---Debflit" In East where she stayed till i862pinrthatyearshecame bac-k" ?nf3 be truthfalhr- styled, for salvation of to the Valley and settled at Farmington, Davis County, labors' of love and devotion to the work was well known as the Stake President pf the Relief She the but fleshy mankind, her spirit was still willing, : Sister . Tcone would have been . out. Society of Davis Stake. ' She was the president of the Ever Relief Society of Farmington for a riumbfr ofyears pre seventy years old; had she lived until the 26th inst. , -in 1 vious. Since' her residence at St. Charles she has been 868, since .therganizatlon efficient most a been connected with the Relief Society and Primary of that has Sister Toone, until her death, Stake, and faithful laborer as a Teacher, and for many years has 20th ward , .Sister Holmes retained her faculties until the last, her presiued over the quorum of teachers Jn the labored soi Brother Leonard Floyd, of St. Charles brought her branch of the society. , For ten years she has also remains, according to ker own request, to be buried be with indefatigahle zeal and most loving tenderness for the side those of her husband in the cemetery of Farmingionr in the capacity of the 'weitaof'thehnd The funeral services were held at the meeting house which President of the Primary. , President W. R. Smith,-Anso- n At her ftmeral, held in - the ward meeting house, r was crowded with Call, Bishop Secrist,- - Elder J. T, Smith, Sisters and very largely .attended, se veral of the brethren testi6ed Mary S, Clark, Hortensia Leonard and Aurelia Rogers of the purity of her life, and the wtidom'and energy which -made remarks on-th-e life and conduct of the deceased. characterized -- all hr - works; faithful - in -- all -- things as II She was one of the noblest of women, of her it might be a wife and mother, and also as a lenefactor to humanity in said "Faithful and true in all tilings'' she lived and died a the truest sense of the word. Among the speakers were saint in the hope of a part in the first resurection. Bishop John Sharp, President Francis, of Morgan Stake who presided at the funeral. Com. --nndJ&hop George Romney, For several years Sister Toone's .birthday has been cele Died, at Vermillion, Sevier Co., U. T., March 7th, 1889, brated by many of her friends, , who would congregat esabout her, with tokens of loving appreciation and Augusta Amelia, beloved wife of Niels Anderson. She was born July 3rd, 1845, in Sweden. Was baptized teem on that anniversary. into the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints July The following lines were written for and presented to heron one of 4hpcxasionsr it- - being Jbersixtytliir- d- 30th, i E67; - emigrated to Utah in 1865. Shejnarried Nieis Anderson Feb.-iTt-- birthday. i866rentering into the principle of Celestial Marriage. She was a firm believer and advocate TO SISTER EMMA P. TOONE. of all the. principles pertaining to the New and : Everlasting Covenant Sfae held the oJS.ce,, afJPrcsjdent of the Y. L. M. Only the ones who are faithful in sorrow, the hold; Ever can gain position you I. A., of this ward until compelled by to resign. Earth's richest mines could not purchase or borrow -- Since the organization of the Relief Society" she" has been an active member, and her many acts of kindness have enThy fadeless honors, thy treasures untold. deared her to all. Here are thy children,and grand children round thee , She leaves an. age J husband and. six. children besides ?r a ?;T'call thee theirsavkJT,and say ihou art blest; -numerous relatives and friends to mourn her departure. Here too, are ties Vhich the Gospel hath found thee, Pauline L. Dastrup, Sec, R. S. Affection . and friendship the purest and best. Vermillion, April 17th, 1889. i Better than all is the sweet, Holy Spirit, meetings. We have also started weekly neetfngs again, they are very w ell attended. Our teachers are alive to their duties. , Resp'ectfully your sisters In the Gospel, CLARINDA Washburn,' President. ' Mary Swindle, Secretary. N m ; taber-"nacleTwo- Irainijigohool tfclurses, Ontho first of June, the Second Term of Dr. rn - her-Jrien- ds -- Hughes' Training School for Nurses begins, a claw of twelve (12) students completing their first term of three months oiuthe-four- th first Training School for Nurses established in Utah, and the instruction given embraces the best methods of teaching of the Eastern Schools, whose investigated by the systems have been thoroughly to give a teach er. - The pu r pose of 1 h is --echool-ls of the wider knowledge sick, and all waiting upon be will to branches the thorough pertaining nursing terms The second ly discussed in the successive term will be held in Dr. Hughes' new residence, on First West Street. Students desiring to enter, should make application asearlyas possible, so that arrangements can be made for securing text books. 825.0O. .TUITIOX, Obstetrical- or can be made Special arrangements ..... ... Address: teaching. -- -- . SOAMMELL'S Treasure House Universa O F U S E F U L K NOWLEDGE Should be purchased by complete everrdayse. -- Thou hast sought, thou hast welcomed, and right' fully hear it, Tenderly teaching thee which waj to go. .Then hast been steadfast, and nothing could move - " " tzt:z:"7-"thee; . hath sorrow . been, thy portion Through keenest chastened thee, hath only to prove thee, Father darkness and sin. all Cleansing thy soul from Patient and contrite, submissive and humble Doing for others, to bless and to cheer. Those who walk constantly thus, will not stumble; " Dear faithftl one, thou hast nothing to fear. 7- ' . Over thy sorrows, long buried, yet tearfully, Hearts full of sympathy lovingly 'yearn; most cheefully, - E'en while we wish for this birthday ' Many a grateful and blessed return. If you are happy and honored in seeing, Each smiling face which this greeting extends, We. too, are honored and happy in being Worthy to stand as your sisters snd friends. Still looking forth, for a brighter tomorrow, Which the grand future will shortly unfold " m sorrow, Ever can gain the position you hold. . OfTPr- In the glad morn of the First Resurrection, I glorious boon; : Greeted bvlchMr 'Mong the sanctified faithful Vf ill stand Sister Toone. The words of this poem express some of the sentiments , gU-eby the brethren Sa ho spoke at the funeral,: and will 7 meet a response from all hearts who have known the subject cf this sketch. Sister Toone was a native of Herefordshire, ani embraced the Gospel in Warwickshire, England, la December, 1849. . -- u ' Lula Greene Riciiauiis. We feel it our dutv to acauaint vim with the dath nf two of our beloved sisters," here in Monroe. Sister Mary Griffiths, . wife of David Griffiths, died March ist, of ' punemonia at this Shewas born at Little Lever Lancashire, England, Feb. She leaves a nusDand, two sons, and two 9, several grand children to mourn her loss. and daughters, Sister Griffiths has been a faithful member of the Relief Society since its organization; she was also faithful in all the duties of a true Latter-da- y Saint, and rejoiced - in the of the of the Gospel of Jesus Christ. blessings enjoyment to do right, and.to be humble before the always-tryi- ng Lord. She. has, done some work in the Temple, and felt to praise God for His goodness and mercy. She has also fulfilled a glorious mission among pur sisters, and will long be remembered by many. Sister Charlotte oxford At Monroe, , March 29th,-,8- 9, born April 10, 1813, County of Durham, England. . She was the wife or Joseph F. Doxford. Sister Doxford's last sickness was dropsy, and for upwards of three months be- for '"ath, she has suffered at times quite severely,-ye- t always - trusting in theLxrdf-an- d dependrng uponTIs goodness and mercy. She has been a true and faithful mother in Israel, and leaves a husband, two sons and two daughters," and many grand childrea to mourn her loss. She has gone through many of the hardships encountered in settling new countries, but was always ready to do all she uH bereverberrhelr hymns to be sung at her funeral, Whic were sung ac cording to her request. The funeral services of both these sisters, were held at the meeting house, where the sisters of the Relief Society' had draped the stand and arch over the coffin wi th wh He 'and had flowers suitable for such solemn occasions. the general agent. : 1. A. .Hess, 123 First East Street, SIlfLpeCitrT KKTHOMlS EIPORIU Cash. House . K.THOM A Special to the Ladies. AT TEASDEL'S and tt Will be found 3 latest styles pioductlons LACESEUCHISEMBRODEEIES, - FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES And an elegant assortment of DIES , "ST Special department for Ladies' "Misses' and In fant's Shoes. :..O-OQD- 112, Hi, 116, S: nS JEkitt TempU Street TAMES 5c CO. JDj&JTTXID TINNERS CAS.VVATER & STEAM FITTERS for RIIMMHY'S celebrated UFTaud F0RCJ5 : Uur Kenel fcociety is m a prosperous condition; the sisters are taking quite an interest in our monthly testimony ---;-- '-; Hie Leading Retail - . - SALT LAKE CITY. - May they rest in peace until the resurrection, When all the faithful will receive their reward. for Earnest workers wanted to canvass lor it by EAGLE p-ac- wish a - . ;.TiicivlhclgrcaurallieraloneKXM.btoar(: allr who work on practical information -- - -- JE. Hugliesi JJ. Salt Lake City, Utah. P. 0.150X 575. h, th -- if-Ae- j PUMI'S. Pum ps Iteuatred on short notice. Orders Ir the country promptly responded tx , - 'A4drett, JASn?,-- S ?CS. CUT lltX ClIT. ' 