EXPONENT. AVOMAN'S IOC and strangely So we could not deny this gentle appeal; but my mind, plain though it be, if we tried to make it up to her by any extra enough this figure in memory has passed before allowance' she was JtTel quickLta discern and decline me several times today." I dare not attempt to portray," There was no" sparkle of amusement in it "It is one dollar,' and no more." Dear For the carping young tritic.4 would surely declare Auntie's face, no sign of mystery, but a gentle, Miss Otillia, she was so exquisitely sensitive Twas better than all I could say. A far off look and the loving faces grew more proud, independent and loving; witty too. She Lad a way: Thengames, riddles, "music and sweet Christmas song, serious. Made pleasant the rest of the day; there wa3 no getting around. "Yes she' few years ago, before your parents "Some .tfie throng Then, loaded with kisses and blessings, reflectively answered one lover: "you have came to live in this pleasant city, there was a . To other homes hie them away, house known me these several years and seenme young w$man who used to come to our When they helped'thosc wonderful stockings to fill. "rae earn my own living, why her- upon KntTcaFrylherrTloveTthe way, . time ago?" a the street, you woultLnot-ha- ve guessed that "" long Was the very best Chrktmas, the children will tell "Oh, no, not now, when you wait so long to And stoutly maintain to this day, anything but a quiet stroll Was her object, no see if I was nice enough." Imagining'he saw itself, no " ." r Lu Dalton. suggestion of work of a ray light through his o'ershadowed hopes.he hurry in her gait.no carelessness jn her attire pleaded embarrassment and inquired if his fate or anxiety in her countenance, just a quiet ' an earlier stage of have For The Exionf-nt- . dignity of deportment. When she entered the might .Miss Otillia regarded himl house her face was smiling, her manner their acquaintanceOTILLIA serio-comic look and replied with a sidewise courteous, and a spirit of cheerfulness and . "I think not." A CHRISTMAS STORY.buoyant strength made itself felt at once. The After his departure she children would hasten, one to take her hat, ''Dear to veil and shawl, another would ;draw a chair that "he was a fine man." "Then why did you didTrcallypromi-5tell you a story tonight?" "Yes, Auntie," near the table or fire for her, her cough would refuse him?" "I mean a fine man, for: some answered a chorus of sweet voices chiming in be inquired after and last, no sometimes first, other woman." So it went; the ardent were -our three year old hoy would aski did you dismissed as tocrhasty, the more retiring.as-towith Floribel's. tardy; one answer for all no. And yet, Miss the fair, youthful .bring me a candy mouse, Miss Otillia?" Auntie looked away-froOtillia was not heartless, it was because she faces gazing so expectantly into her's and Then such a pantomine of gestures and ex- answered dreamily: I'm sure I don't know pressive changes of countenance would follow; placed a higer estimate upon the "marriage what to do about it, so many things of a to see her clasp her hands and look so seriously, contract than is U3ual. Through the. fires of different nature have filled the -- daywith such her-fa-ce half averted, you -- might think the sacrifice the dross of her own nature had been consumed and she exacted for the pure gold of bright realities, that fancy has had no chance to treasure had been accidentally forgotten; but rest a moment; don't you thin kwe've had no, never ceasing to watch the baby's features,- - her own heart, only its equivalent; - a purelife ' L her hand would slide down into her pocket to watch a pure life, harmony in faith, and then the ball?" enough-an-true love. to. match her own. Such a shadowing of bright faces! The and draw out a small, package, which con; Few that were acquainted. withher. had. iin-- . twinkles vanished from sparking' eyes, restless tained gum drops, peppermint lozenges and idea of her complete self. Her outer and inner ..dimples disappeared like a flash, lips all smiles. chocolate cream mice, these last for her favorite. dat swett mouttshe"wouldsay lxpres- - life were different yet harmonious. To mere j U3t now, drooped in -- down ward curves: and she wras a perfectly proper, un . those penetrating, thought-searchinloving sively; "Well now, I don't care, I would walk acquaintances married woman; to her friends, a continual eyes, where pleading had not quite yielded to a mile any day to bring something to dat child; dissappoinment; what a sigh t hey were that I don't know if someting' will happen to him wonder, entertainment and admiration; a being purpose, self sacrifice, love and childsometime; dose eyes too bright, dose cheeks too group around Auntie! Floribel just touched the white flannel red and and dat voice when he say 'Mis3 like simplicity. And her history! I must tell around her throat, a reminder that there was Qtillia!J& , ;. you that, so you may understand her. , Have often wondered when she I so if, and turn away with such an air of inexpresquietly npballvfof her threaded the uncrowded smilsible tenderness we could not help that way along only thirteen;) Hose, Jessie, and Lillian with yet elsewhere mind was her not amid scenes arms entwining each other stood mutely conher frank emotional streets, and we at for all ing way, fronting her and Marguerite Blipped around knew that she was sincere and really.loved the of the past, for she was very proud of her own behind the chair, then, framing' Auntie's head Z - 7L,.Z thinks that ifthe had been a jQixagl countryjL Denmark. Mjoyji was There one "lM3eH:w-ievery eceentrie person whom princeshe could not have shown him more she had known at home, and she would often slender white hand moved gently upward and tenderness and respect, or listened to his prorested on the dimpled ones locked together; fuse promises of what he would do for her, defend him,forhis peculiarities were frequently and mused: "Of course you want a new one, when he became a man. He had a quaint alluded to. "Well now I don't care; dat was and I fear that my stock of stories is about exa very fine gentleman at home, he had a fancy, no one kne w jvhereit came from, of call. shall be it a real one, or not?" hausted; : position in de King's palace and his wife was ing himself "Little Reindeer." The idea of Auntie's story repository being One day when after her work was over, she so fine! almost like a high born lady; and exhausted! Hadn't she flfwavs hwn ahc tn sat down with an air of weariness, in a rocknow he is poor with no one to say what he is, I tell them the very3estpne3anybodyever ing chair, he came before her and resting his will speak for him?' One day I quietly asked heard and on the shortest possible notice and hands on her knee looked sympathetically in her to "step outside and when we reached the didn't they all know they were newly coined her .face. His long, flossy, golden curls lay .end of the house, a" very excitable harangue stories that no one else ever, knew of, to tell upon his shoulders and she was the Cd'uld be heard, a confused and amusihs com studying bination of English and Scandinavian; the anybody? So the twinkles and the dimples picture. and the smiles ali came back and Auntie could "Mis3 Otillia, when Little Reindeer is grown person" was quarreling with an American on telljust what she pleaded, only when it was' a up to be a man, you shall not be tire'd any- the street corner. In a moment she recogfiction they all felt sorry it couldn't have been n nized her countryman and with deepest more;. 1 will take you in a carriage and you true; buthow delightful fictions alwavs arp. shall have a silk dres3 ':' and exclaimed:. "0 Mine own Country! shining beads What would and mav-bwho knows sompthinc npnrlv and ! will give you flowers and mine King say to dat gentlegrapes ' and like them might be true, svmewhere; it always you shall ride and ride, fur away with me." man. And so beautiful, he can preach and takes something real to make a shadow, don't Eagerly listening to his loving sympathy, withsing.dem hymns," and here gestures ' it? V ; out a word to repulse or chili his little heart, and looks finished the sentence.again, . Auntie glanced at the clock across the room, Miss Otillia covered her face with her hands A great actor had been playing Hamlet at (it was just lamolifrht. and there was limfl fnr as though such sure happiness was overwhelmour theatre and I - remarked to her; "I saw a short story before going to dress for ing then answered him: "Den, Little last how did you like the play?" my i the party ,and a delightful consciousness of their Reindeer, I will never ride with anv nnfi p!jp you"I night, as well as any "one, guess I like dat satisfaction would go with her),-- it wouldn't do I will wait for did not know for Hamlet waa a Dane. play "If I you." Dat Shakespeare have to disappoint the pretty nieces who always myself when dis boy was born, I would sure to come to My looked upon her as their very ideal of a Country for datjgrandub-'ect- , gentle believe me he was some royal blood; but (with impressive dignity) you should gracious lady, and would have done any poshimself a title like dat! like it was his in Copenhagen. right; see dat "Does it not .... sible thing for her comfort and pleasure; so and to be so fine and proud and make such - recieve play she drew Marguerite around to a seat beside justice arourtands. Miss Otillia?" promises! Well it is his nature!" grand " Well now, Mrs. I don't say but dat dey do her on the sola, Floribel fell like a snow drift When we would gently remonstrate with her as veil as dey can in de English language on the other side and at the same moment the her mone? in candies for the g UM?en with another of her expressive and three others sank upon the bright before children she. answered with ' rug dignity: "Please lookrMissDtilliaThumU national her and settled down to give her the "closest don t say dat. to have mo how attention. and expect something of me, makes me to feel L pride) but we humored her for we knew much our country and our- - faith have cost ."I think it had best be a true one tonight ii&e i was -somebody and not myself all alone : her. pr-- -;; Came the grand Christmas feast with roast turkey and- - -- did-you-nota- twicen-iveek-to-t- el . ' day-presen- -- ted , Leen-difleienL- at , - said-emphaticall- ine-Flori- bel, e v ; o m d - g, f of-no- ble . . ... , ? , ; , " J morti-ficatio- e - . . -- - . to-gi- ve but" getsftiredrtd - ifHow didyou come to receive the Gospel 