' ' 0 Ji ..... . "'V'. ' --t ' v Vol.18. . .. . - . " ' - . ' . " contents. : ' " ' - , : ; " V. . .fJ, 2ZZlZi " '-'"- HEPHZIBAH. Ill J-- hc wandered fancy freefo'er hill and dale, Or lingered lovingly beside the brook; h of the lowly vale, ....... This little Culling wild flowers from cv'ry sheltered nook. wood-nymp- . 1 ... . . ( ; -a- - . ll-times, . - ; , . ; self-sustainin- g. : heart-string- , . : night-win- d Making discord in the song. How far off the dreamy vision That these memories brotrght To me, As I strained my ear to listen r in sea. the To the murmuring Far down where the sea weeds whisper To the corals and the shells; But they keep the secret ever, should not . . languageor slang phrases, ad laIwayawritihg.i.overjottrlieads,makiDgL..an.:. exact register of all the transactions of our lives, not our public conduct only, but the dulgence of our private pleasures, our secret thoughts and idle hour3 shall be brought into in hand to account. Therefore it stands be oble4n::w Gospelrhas beenrevealelrfor the express purpose of giving us power to control ourselves. The Lord has told us that if we will seek unto Him He will aid us to conquer every evil inclination and wrong desirejjjve will pursue this course we will find that our path through life will be much happier, and we will have many more friends and will secure the favor of the Lord. ; : . While the wild waves in commotion, ' Sweeping out unto the shore; Bounding biliowsrtestless ocean, Echoing forevermore. And the ever constant beating Gainst the rocks that heram'd the sea, Where the winds in fury meeting. .- Dashed them backward ruthlesslySo our human hopes are driven, Recklessly tossed to and fro, v-And our strongest ties are riven Rent asunder by a blow. Ever heaves the restless ocean. With its hidden mystery, Sleeping in its surging bosom, , Until time shall cease to be. E. B. W. r use-b- more especially the young ladies, these are very bad habits and are degrading to the human mind.; .Therefore they should not be indulged in. If we. will read good books, be humble and prayerful, we will be built up and strengthened tyso doing, and we will not be very apt to fall into bad company. There is an invisible pen Raf orechonever leHs7. But the liuman heart's emotion, ' Answers to the sad refrain, And the ceaseless moan of ocean, Brings a grandeur fraught with pain. Ko. 4. GOOD COMPANY. Good Company ErM. Stevens. Hephzibalv A Story. Westminster Abbey Selected,, Pleasi It . is very necessary for us to keen good J companY, If' we wish to bear a cood name. For ant Grove. L Notes' and Kew. ,. . DITOKiAirrTi meo f ChangerE d i tori al Notes . - we are generalljrjudged by - the company we -- Qn the Wipg S. M. Kimball. .. A Gentile's keep. The happiness of our live3 depends to a extent upon our training in that direc great Opinion W. R. - Foreign Correspondence C. . a ' ITT lion, we snouid seen the society or our U. Locander. Maternal Influence W. R. Nelsuperiors, and set a eood example before our son, The Hope Within Us S P. Summit Co. younger brothers and sisters, and all with whom : W. S;A M. Brown. -we may associate. Habits of this kind once Address to W. S. A. at Ogden. R. S. Reformed will to a boy or girl through life, portsBox Elder. Reorganization. Woman-Selec- ted. and are of clingvalue to them. Example must great E. C. F -- Our Baby Girl hand in hand with precept. If a person Poetry: Memory of The Sea E. B. W, go once falh into bad company and becomes wild The First 'Grandchild Selected.' Shall Never and reckless, he is very apt to lose the spirit Come Message or Token L. M. Hewlings. of the Gospel and go down to destruction. On OurMotherR. M. Fox. the contrary if we seek good society, we will to be good men and women. It is by ' ." grow up MEMORY OF THE SEA. . what we ourselves have done (and not what others have done for us) that weshall beremenK - In'the midnight hour, a memory bered in after age3. It requires a constant Swept like music o'er my soul watch, and a prayerful heart, on our part to As I stood in silent reverie,' enable us to keepjhe rightjpiritat ; Where the surging billows- roll;- for the evil one is "always on the alert. If we Minor music,,sad and sorrowing, ' allow ourselves to fall into bad company we will Full of trembling,-fu-ll of tears, soon be found drifting in to their ways. There Ever like the ocean's murmuring, are many reasons .why we should keep good Bringing back the tide of years, ; Telling of the long forgotten. 'J company, parents may be called away from ua of the In the cycles and leave our little brothers and sisters who past, Of the nations crushed and broken must be cared for, how nice it would be to have In the world's great holocaust, an elder brother or. sister who would set an ex ample that would be worthy of their imitation As I listened so entrancing and teach them to be orderly and industrious, Was the music of the sea; Jn this way th That I fancied mermaids dancingk- How much" To the midnight minstrelsy.' grow up to be better tnis would be than to 'set examples beAnd a thousand harpstrings quivering, a Sobbing in the midnighrseaJrT"""' fore them that would bring thcnT down' To shame" s And my broken and remorse.- - There are other reasons why we shivering should keep good company, it is more economiAs sad memories came to me. I Had caught the inspiration cal,, if we fall into bad habits we will be apt to "' " Of the music deep and strong spend more than we make. We should avoid That, had moved my soul's wild passion the fashions and Jollies of the world, excessive Was it but a syren's song? dress, the use of tea, coffee, tobacco and liquor : O, such music, weird and mournful, are wasteful as well a3 injurious to the sysAs the swept along, tem; rather let us use a part of our4 means in " And the shattered notes so painful, paying tithing," building temples, etc We -- us-a- ll , E. M. Stevens. Hope withou t action isJaebroken staff. We' should always hope for thing that are possible and probable.- - James Ellis. .. ; .' SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, JULY 15 1889. ' 0 , Mrs. H. wa3 a woman of strong characteristics, tali and dignifiedvin figure, though gentle and womanly in manner and bearing, her mind decidedly practical in the full sense of the term, she proved equal to the emergency that had overtaken her so unexpectedly. She took into consideration just what was necessary to ,be done to economize and live within her means, and lost no time in carrying her plans into execution. Her close attention to ' the business of Her husband, for the purpose of helping him, had given her an experience that but few women in that day had the opportunity of acquiring. From the time of her husband s death she was so engrossed with cares and re- sponsibilities that- the youngerchildrenwre left to themselves, and Hepbzibah had ample opportunity to pursue her idle ways, or only to visit the old home and wait on grandpa to bat and cane, and enjoy the freedom of the orchard, garden, meadows and woods she loved so well. She was Jar enough advanced in. her studied to rsad everything that came in her way and was passionately fonci of books. and stories, she - really believed in fairies' and elvcsand wondered why she could not be visited by them. Her grandpa gave her the most perfect liberty"-to rummage over the musty old letters and manuscript stowed away" as useless 'in the garret. Tied up in bundles carefully, thoue-faded soiled and covered in dust, were the writings and correspondence of her grandmother for whom she was named, and she would feast upon these with childish delight, gleaning hero and there, out of the way and romantic ideas that accorded with her own peculiar notions. The neighbors looked on in utter amazement and wondered what would become of this child, who was subject to no control, and who had withal such seemingly exalted notion?, that it totally unfitted her for the com" panionship of children of her own age Mrs. H. would sometimes say to the old Major, "What shall we do with Hephzibah, she holds herself so abo ve our country ways?" "Strange child very, not at all like other children, time wilHevelopr her more fullyj he-- ilhn'afaeKh er h pre-cocio- wayjnltbe world;"" us but helstubborhlylreiuged to make the sacrifice of her company, or listen to any plan suggested to induce her to conform to the usual manner, or condition of little girls. cannot part with her," he would repeat over and over." jn jpite of her oddity and was moresought after her quaint notions-sh- e1 than any of all the village children. She could repeat more verses and tell more wonderful stories, and knew where ail the bird's nests wererand when they were ready to fly, and she "never tired iof talking in her own way, to old and young, and with all her lack of conformity to other peoples' ways she was a general favorite in the village. Even her mother be came convinced at last that Hephzibah. was of a different temperament and organization, and unlike the rest of the family and said to htr older daughters who were solicitious about the child, "She cannot conform to our habits of discipline, she must not be forced to submit; ,I i -- -- 4 ' 