EXPONENT, WOMAN'S 30 At The Woman's1 Exponent. Editor: PuULshodM.-mI-monlMy.IaS.U- Lake City . Ltah t Term, one copy one copy one year, clubs. City fuK delivered by mail, reduction made for one year 25ca extra for I.tun r"i"w rales ' Advertising a1 discount iber ...A J 13.00, , v,wr month. TiaCv. luxit, ' advertisers. ( n regular Streotcond 25 E South- Temple Exponent ofllcc. No. New Office. Dusmc Uouh frwlO Kato east it Sunday- - ' to 5 pVtrL1 every day; ! to .Address all business communications rUBLISII EH 'WOMAN'S EXPONENT, rtue . . - - Vtct p-- Shore. of Wales, and ,Rev. T; Teigmouth 1UC . r. , M.r'h r hridC vvaies gave Prince ot ,,r. choir of the choral service was sung by the feature .otthe. Chanel Royal, St. James. ;.The servicelwaiL: Perfect Love," composed by Joseph titled .of the ministers Barnaby. There were many the guests. present. Gladstone was also amongbrocade and The Queen wore a dress of black health: and spirits ,apPeared to be JaLcwcUent attired-ia pearl Princess bfWalesas and a tiara of gray satin brocaded with silver, -- p fessed the brideTnd cordiallygreeted the groom. rsi't After the wedding there were two separate rhambers in Buckingham palace. Utah. the City Lake salt One party consisted of the bride and groom, . -., ,.,rea -. rnr1 other .:jJciauai,v-.--Vntrr'ed at the Putt O Dice in Salt lake OilVtah Queen ana ..oiDer-roy- ai to the Queen and "'Second Clem' Matter,'-- .t guests. Toasts were given Earl and bride, the groom., After breakfast, the August i, 18S9. Princess of Wales and bridesmaids returned to Salt Lake City, . Marlborough house, the bride and bridegroom the first carriage. Later in the afternoon ROYAL WEDDING. Sheen the newly married couple departed for surburban.residence.of the Earl of Fife, Louise, eldest daughter of theYince house; a "Princess be tVi" F.arl . . . where a portion of the honey moon is to n.r. Tnlf'jSm u.7 of Wales, was manieu u uwuu ' took place spent. of Fife ; it was raining. The ceremony the newly wedded r nn .rrivin-- at Shepn house - vu aiiuiuj, -- in the private chapel of Buckingham palace. in pair were enthuastically welcomed. They passed This is the first marriage that ever took place decorated with of between files of Venetian-mast- s the chapel, which is small and the number was covered with car- liuiai jv.wv.. . Thp house pet on which wild JlQWers were strewn bygirls--. privately. ThePjtocjeL udressed in whiter: At nigni iviori ia.c uu Prinre of Denmark, King of Greece, Prince Al EarliFifS's-house- , were mond, in the vicinity of bert Victor and Prince George of Wales assemillnminated. bled in the Bow library of Buckingham palace at of Wales gave a reception at n: 45v and there awaited the arrival of the Queen "The Princehouse this: evening, which was atMarlborough from her private apartments. , The bridal party, consisting of the Prince of tended by 10,000 persons,'! nui.se. Princesses Victoria and nri,.- irin-PC' nf Wales left Marlborough house, the EDITORIAL NOTES. for at of Prince 11:40 Wales, the of residence : Buckingham" palace. Notwithstanding the rain, When in Brisrham City attending the Conference . with crowded was specta-the to the route palace took the writer in Tune; Pres. Harriet of concourse vast a was people there lors and out to see the Sisters' granary, and it was a very was of Prince Wales The the palace. opposite ' great surprise .10 see uuw cucicm, luc swiwa ' '".zz? enthusiastically cheered-"""""been, in building, and saving gram. It seemed On the'r arrival in the Bow library the Queen, such a model granary that we felt perhaps the of Hesse, led Duke Grand the by accompanied sUters would like to have a description of it given the procession to the chapel. It comprised the to them in the Exponent. Mrs. EmiHe D. Madsen the King of Queen, members of the royal family, has furnished some particulars. The diminsions Greece, the Crown Prince of Denmark and other of the granary are 43 feet long 21 feet wide truests and officers of the royal household The 12 leet high built of bricks and covered with an k procession on its way jolhe church passed irbnrooi7lt""is divided into apartments so that through several royal apartments inlwhich raanyr the grainican be moved irom one to another. The guests,Hyh? "ifoundJ.t impossible Ztolenierlihe sisters have a considerably large quantity of chaDel. were seated. Upon reaching the chape1 crain stored, and prospects of more and;it is to.be personages took stats on either side of hoped other settlements will take pattern from" he altar. them and build substantial granaries and fill them The Earl of Fife, who was attired in a highland with grain for it will surely be needed. costume and wore the garter of the Duffs, accomreceived a little book of 16 pages, paper panied by the groomsman, Horace Farquhar, took --.We have cover, by Elder John Sears, entitled, "Remember a position at the altar rail and awaited the coming writof the bride.- The prince of Wales,' with the The Sabbath Day To Keep It Holy." It is hridp and Princesses Victoria and Maud of ten on the subject mentioned and quotations suitable to the matter are used from the Bible, the palace just before noon, and were received by Book of Mormon and Doctrine and Covenants. the lord steward and conducted to the Bow library Printed at the Juvenile Instructor "Office, price where the bride was joined by the bridesmaids, jets.' The keeping of the Sabbath Day holy is a ofWaiesIMn-- T "commandment somewhat disregarded at the pres pjincssesyktQuad-Maud- PrmcessV ent day, andj it is well for us all to refresh jour cess Louise of Schleswig-Hblstein- , minds ttpon thesfcllhi Victoria of Teck, CpuntesslF.edora - Gleiehep,"" Countess and Helena the commandments given by the inspired servants Xou&lHs:yicTdlIaGlercWn f God that we may not be under condemnation. GleichcnJTJjeJbnte the chapeb The btide wore a duchesse dress of It is a serious reflection upon a people professing to be saints, when they disregard the Sabbath white satin vith a ilowm and make it a day of pleasure instead of attend orapge blossoms, a wreath of orange blossoms 7" and a point de gaze veil. ing to their meetings and partaking of the sacra The bridesmaids were dressed inblush pink ment. It is to be hoped that this Jittle book will tattle, and carried bouquets of pink roses. 7 The be circulated among the people and accomplish the good, the author designed in publishing it. clergymen officiating were the archbishop of Canterbury, the bishop of London, the dean .of We are very much pleastd with the little work and trust it may be a reminder to some dilatory Windsor, domestic chaplain to the Queen, Pev F. A. JHarvey, domestic chaplain to the Prince ones of their duties in this regard. - break-cAMrt- f. , 1 oc-ctipi- ng 1 . - - rnnference of the Relief Society v City in .L lDCUCUCio Lake April . tnot lufficiect time for the Presidents of all the (0 make verbal 6rs had onlybeen recemyr ti!r-j speak be expected Jo course of would 01 uien make some recognition rittPn address from the Presi of the time, and dent herself occupied a part the President called upon tne Kepiescmauv"to as many as there was time from Willmirth East of St. Joseph em Q?tr lw ' iitai Hum, but as she did not respond Stake was called for, . "' l reirter - ' Mt was ". ' concluded-sne-was-noivscu- L.rr.nt "" w uric . uut6 afterwards learned that she haa come a and that she wasjojatejo get in. The following. pocieiy uu evening the officers of the Kenei met at the resi representatives; from a. distance were dence of Sister Young where other reports made and much instruction given, Duniwmn. considered necessary to publish it as it was per-that it was fectly understood by those present, for the Presidents benefit, suggestions ana mms to help them in their labors among the sisters. It is a matter ofregret that any one snouiu icei that a proper representation had not been made, as it was the express wish and desire of the President that each one should have sufficient time allotted them. WHY OFFENDED.. . -- - . T G i--- - r V . : : he-ro- yal 1 - -- -- - It seems astonishing sometimes to learn that us: every Church in Christendom is offended with Yes offended with the faith which we believe should be ours and not only ours, but that of every, human being, since God is. our Pather. Vet T tMnV I ran understand why it is. We are as a family, or apeople strongly attached to our friends; and .especially those who are good or GodnkebeiDgs made in His image and possessing his attributes we readily love that which we think is worthy of our affections, and feel to resent an injury to those persons lasjm.usbj. asr,we"would ' for ourselves. Is not self love, and self conceit, a part of the of? ingredients that our. characters are composed And when we measure ourselves by sound printo ciples and' sound doctrine which Jesus gave vi the whole human family' e then loose our grasp we upon self conceit and look upon the subject as ought to do. I well remember how disgusted "I was with the name of Mormon- s- And I being told of a person who said the Lord was not pleased with the various churches of the Sectarian world and he did not acknowledge them as His. I quietly asked who said it, or made this assertion. Upon being told that it was a young f man in his teens, about 15 years of age: I replied, does he think that he knows more about this than uis, OUnagea lillulbiet aitJauxgcia-wuy-uctpitac- u ibis all and wjio has been searching the scriptures life and preaching from them for years? I think this young man was very cheeky and an impudent fellow. I do not want to see him or hear htm . speaK. inese were some ui iny iccnugs. cordingly I judge others feelings by my own. I believe there are many people who have a sincere devotiorrto uodrand yet look upon us with dis . . - - gust and pity us, believing we are deluded. Now the question arises how and when did ' . t .r ypu coaugcyoux luiuu. -- 11 ;was some; umcijciwc I would listen to my friends who were going to iust opposite to us, in the hear a Mormon Court housed 1 was at the time spending a little time with a friend of mine in the Citjr of Utica N. Y. Mrs. Monroe. A brother of hers told her. of this people and wished her to go and hear them if they came that wayf Accordingly she did so, but I "would not go. I was tired of excitement and Jiad joined the Episcopal Church because it -- -- it. - . . 