?T mm . 1 - m 1 rrwi T i vv ,v. ' !Fl! - ' :- of the Women of Zion, and the Rights of the Women of W Nations. The Rights SALT Vol. 18. LAKE CITY, UTAH, NOVEMBER No. 12. 15,1889. Making a favorable impression at first sight, on that day,only as we are obliged to do, and "and being enabled to "deepen that impression we'a re not obliged to goMo work and cook & Sabbath feast on Sunday, but should as much as pos- Day. M. at, each subsequent interview by the impression Beauty Vs. Goodness. X. " of. noble and unselfish thought, U the highest sinie prepareQur jood ine uayneinreauu jei E. Teasdale. Hephzibah. A Story. Foreign r: .11 in r: Correspondence C C. Lee". rNotes and' News. ideal of a, perfect human being within my our bodied rest, and we; can rest. as TOPptintf liRtoninr to the cou3els of the servants withdraw from behind-thos- e Editorial; The - People's - Party Editorial jmagination.But nt beau ti ful features, the noblelfesFof in i nd ,and 7ofv"the"LordTandpartakingof-theSacrame1 .1 ; Thoughts.' Editorial Notes. A Generous Gift. rr we have remaining, a conceited, ungrateful, a8 we can itloungingaroumi lioiuo uejnviug In Memoriam. Reasons VVhy.Phebe C. Young. of arid (as a rule) an ignorant person, who thinks spiritual food we all need in order , jhat S. E. Dr. Barney. Prayer. .that beauty alone, is worthy of praise! If those to remain bright and keep our.- minds and As Reformers. Women Equal game noble traits of character, and divine in R. S. Reports; spirits iii a healthy condition. Ex. Nineveh. of Palace 1 You say well don't we have the Sacrament Rights. A gpirations were given to one lwa beautiful in sufficient? Poetry. Thoughts of Childhood Hours. L; outward appearance, it would be but a short in Sabbath school and is not that in Sabbath New time before his plain features would cease to be r..yeg( we have the. Sacrament M. H. Hallowe'en: George "Cooper. School, and by partaking we covenant , or Fashioned Singin'. Henry B. Smith. Obituaries., very homely, and he would be loved and welcomed for true worth his shy, awkward manpromise; "(iod our Eternal Father that we.wilL always remember Him and keep His comner, would become less noticable, in the conwe immediately break templation of his lofty sentiments. And as the mand ments," and then For the Exponent. face is the index to the soul, expressing there, one of His commandments by breaking the ' . THOUGHTS OF. CHILDHOOD HOURS our general thoughts, his would.in time bear Sabbath day. Perhaps we never thought of it in this light, testimony to the worth within, though his nose still remained "too large," his eyes "too small,'? but that is what we do when we go out riding Thoughts of my childhood hours, or any thing else that is not right, even though and the skin "freckled." Revel awhile for me, One of our authors says, "It is but. a single we have been to Sunday School. Now girls And pluck from fancy's bowers, listen attentively the next time when the bread thought to, the deed." Accord:step: from-th- e Fair leaves from life's young tree blessed, to the words that ingly if wicked thoughts are countenanced, and water are! beingtake-iSweet buds of youth and beauty, t conscientiously with wicked deeds will be perpetrated, then not only care used, and then unchecVd and free," 7" 7 Growing an understanding of the great responsibility disproportioned features, but disproportioned : In loving truth and duty actions also, will mar our so much to be" desired you take upon yourselves, and I believe you Oh, bring them back to me will soon be able to see and comprehend in its beauty. to be X. completeness the right course to take Innocence, purest flower, Saints. consistent Latter-daon childhood's tree, CONTENTS. . um-selv- es -- . " I ' ;v ! ' y i i x . Revive in fancy's bower, And nourish it forme. Bring forth each fairy color, As erst in morn's young day, Bud and bloom unsullied, As in life's early May. THE SABBATH DAY. 7l ,v jtf. E. Teasdale. IIEPHZIBAH. "Remember the Sabbth day to keep it holy. v Six days shalt thou labor and'do all thy work, XI. Lord the is of Sabbath the but the seventh day And manv listen'd, and a few obeyed, thy God, in it thou shalt not do any work, thou vernal garland; Bright, lovely, nor thy son nor thy daughter nor thy man The precious message which the Elders brought; O bloom for me once more, servent, nor thy maid servant, nor thy cattle And willing sacrifice these converts made, In fancy's fairy garden, as naught. nor the stranger that is within, thy gates." Counting their worldly wealth; and gam shoreOn youth's bright sunny This commandment is in force upon us, today, Et songs of artless gladness, The history of the introduction of the Gospel and should be as strictly observed by us as it Latter-da- y Saints, into the . ANow wake an echo'd lay, was by the children of former day Isreal. The as taught bythe villageVB. in the Old Bay state, is similar in Inny tried soul of sadness, Lord has nejer repealed that commandment of other small towns in Cold waves ofsorrow stay. but has added to it in this day, and has enjoined manv respects to that and elsewhere. Evil reports beNew'Erjgland, servant His Smith, it Joseph us, through upon Thoughts of my childhood hours and gan to be circulated immediately after the Doctrine in the recorded is and it Priceless thou art to me, Elders had succeeded in makinga few converts, we are told Sec. verse 29 9, see Covenants, Smith and his Revellingn the there to go to the house of prayer and ofierup concerning the Prophet Joseph failed to disUntramell'd pure and free. when argument our devotions to the most High. "For verily followers; and Could aughVon earth be.given. those who had been converted, or who suade from rest to unto" is a this you awhile appointed day my pain, To soothe do were favorably disposed towards the doctrines shalt thou "and this ou day labors, 'Twere thoughts of early morning, your ru mors were repeated and none other thing only let thy food be preyared taught, these false When life wasVree from stain. in trying to convince those with singleness of heart." The Lord does not brought to bear called that-wEre poisond shafts ,of malice, am keep part of the Sabbath Holy who were believing, that the people say and deluded; ignorant Or arrow barb'd1 with scorn, and then we can do as we please the other part, "Mormon," were low, modern civili. of refinement Had enter'd in life's cWice, but He emphatically savs no work shall be done without any of the that imagination could To leave its rankling thorn, to prepare ou r iood wun singleness or zation; and every story only carried from house to house Then come, and o'er this bosom, heart. Many of our young people think be- conjure up, was to town, to destroy the inThy calm influence pour K cause they attend Sunday School regularly and from town of the Elders in proclaiming the truth And the world shall never know after-- " fluence the in not are attending justified they . ; My dream of love is o'er. but are at .....liberty to eojoy them- - as revealed from heaven. .. .. ... noon meeting, dissemination M H. . the for ........ wa time the ripe But time, ana tney tmnK selves, ana have a i good . seed t. of the knowledge of the Gospel, the good t no harm to go riding alter meeting; out it is to the parable be understood that our Heavenly was being sown, and according 1 ilain to JBEAETT VS- - GOODNESS jFather doesnot look at itin that lightfor- - He oLtheS 44 ancUome did not, etc.ine wouiu not nave gaiu iuat iue uatue wac uui tu upon good ground were workas spreading and manyElders And He did not say or intimate that Latter-dawork. of noblest the of Almighty, one gifts Beauty, converted thereto. The news that the of the day. a only keep Holy part God to man, is perhaps, the most universally we could . n r t t n in Boston, and Salem, and been had o preaching Irom ciock . Jasts it vi IVere oaturuay properly nignt abused by its possessor. Sunday bad not only been baptized ip those that know we all many a3 12 o'clock the into until a be Sunday niht, would "passport used, it had actually gathered with ,tle : And when backed by trueprineipleeA if we would thinks But-it- " seems as though cities but to Nauvoo, seemed to addstrengtn obstacle is there, in some of us thought Sunday only lasted til "Mormons" and eentle manners.-wha- t to the converts in these and courage We o'clock. fou give til un r most the are or lV.a oaqI lino tnn oTPflr. fnr its DOSSeSSOr tO tioon, for the ministers, Doctors and smaller towns; in or in seeking pleasure working surmount? nit justified - . . : 7 wild-woo- d, e i i . i T 1 . . . . . 1 . k 1 1 . y . best-Bociety.- J 1 1 P - 