100 , WOMAN'S EXPONENT. SEVENTY- - ONE. Woman's Exponent. . to-da- y, Wednesday evening Novenber, 20th, a select party of friends of Mrs. M. Isabella Home, Editor. RMMELIhE B. - WELLS, . met by invitation at the residence of her daughter. ' rublLshedemi-monthly- , Mrs. Clara E. James, to offer their congraulations In Salt Lake CItf, Utah: Tenns: No 50cts. Blx and celebrate with appropriate festivities the months, ne copy pne year, J1.00; one copy eduction mado or clubs. City papers delivered by mail, birthday anniversary of this honored ladyT xtra for pofitagebne year1, 25ct3. The weather, being unfavorable many were Advertising rates: Kach square, ten lines of nonpareil hindered from coming, but there was a goodly pace, one time, J20; per month, J3.00. A liberal discount - o regular advertisers. .r;.-company assembled in Mrs. James handsome Exponent office, No. 25 E 8outh Temple Street.tsecond parlors, and Mrs. Home's daughters (there were gate east of Deseret News Office. Business hours from 10 a.ra rfourof tbempresent) know howtaentertain socially to 5 p.mTeYery day, except Sunday ISQ as to make every one feel at ease,-- - Address all business communications-tPresident VVilford Woodruff and President Geo. PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXI'ONENT, 8 alt Lake City: Utah- Q. Cannon were present, Bishop Geo. H. Taylor, David James Esq., and other gentlemen .b'esides. Office in Bait Lake City, Utah, as Entered at a large number of ladies. Most of tbe evening . Second Class Matter. was devoted to social conversation, but about nine December ir 1889. or half past nine, the 'attention of the guests was Salt Lake City, called and Mrs. Lula Greene llichards read an :t'... the-To- On AN. EASTERN TRIP. Mrs. Elmina S. Taylor, Pres. of the Y. L. M. I A. and her daughter Miss Mae Taylor, left this citvft SeDtember W 3. to visit friends and relsturAc f !. .... , HI the East. The ladies went by way of Denver, Kansas -- uty,Mempnisana inattanouga, the land of cotton and sugar cane, taking note of all of the route and enjoyfhgpthyTTcF scenery, landing in Norfolk Va., at the St. James Hotel, where thev expected to take steamer for New York. Norfolk is an old and celebrated town and consequently possesses many historic attractions for travelers. J Mrs. Taylor and her daughter we're interested . the-beaut- -- o st - r - SEVENTEEN AND Honor juage nnaerson. uooks ana journals I daily papers, etc., were ransacked to prove the falsity of the position and attitude of this humble people. It would be ridiculous and laughable if it were; not, so serious, to see and hear the harangues and disputations going on during the proceedings of the case. Surely the judges lawyers and marshals with their clerks will soon attain a great degree of perfection in "Mormonr doctrine, if they will only turn it to good account; they may oe giaa at some tuture time to accept some of the principles they so strongly condemn. it "seems almost impossible "that men of intelligence and ability shoulcjPshpw- - so, much antagonism to a peaceful, industrious and unassum- - oft, Js3LW , . y0ur life serene, When you were Seventeen; Just ,ike an opening floweret, pure and white; No spot nor blemish mar'd the grateful sight. flowers' first fragrance rise To him, who formed the skies, So was your maiden loyalty expressed, " To that great God, of all friends dearest, best. . As in the tnun arrrl went in Qvr:il r( iUa re . Life's battle thus begun, Was, from the first half won; -- "And I'll not nse therprerious time To show your brave defence of Truth and Right. - No bloom, on bush or tree, .i,. Than marks your noble mission on this earth. ' W . - . to-nigh- tr perlecily..we. .see,.. Developing to fruits" of lasting worth, Uli. localities. One of the principal features to be admired was St. Paul's Church. iMvas standing in the time of the Revolution, and in. the South East corner under the eaves, the bullet is still remaining that was fired into it at that time: thl windows - are "memorial," of "lovely stained -ground glass. The Church is built in the form of a cross and in the upper end of the cross is an ancient pipe organ, which must have been very elegant, winding stairs on the outside, of the Church lead up to it. The building has four galleries, one for the organ, and one at the foot of the rrnss where the sincers sir. - and nn - in. O arm of the cross probably for seating the congregation. It was covered with ivy outside every-"wbeexcept ther windows and where memorial were incrrintinnc fnr efrtncu AXa iPt- -in- with w V.l U CU One of the curiosities to he seen wai th 0 Tnfcn j vuu Hancock chair, donated by a member of the Han- cock family and on the arm of it was a silver plate relating the circumstance, of its being the chair in which the celebrated man John' 'Hancock sat w hen he, signed the It is of the old style straight backed and leather bottomed. The Church is kept in good repair nd. services stijl held in it regularly Outside were the most beautiful flowers one a specimen of crepe myrtle, Mrs. Taylor and daughter describe it as one of the most dedicate and lovely things they ever saw. When leaving the City they drove to the Navy Yard which was very interesting; while there it commenced raining, from there they drove to. the . -- -- y- And find you still, in beauteous ljfe serene, Now Seventy-one- , yet fair as Seventeen. With all good wishes for our J2vening Queen. c.nJ ies .. More, I need,not rehearse, The numbers we'll reverse, How it can be possible to go to such extremes and with such venom as has been manifested by the nnritinn.' nn whn is in hi crtW - - r - v.. j.ucv.j ,au v vzuic climax send scdicciy for a roan up contempt because he rufuses to a answer question that has "nothing to do with tbe case,"whatever,and treat him as a crimina!,seems this incompatible with any precedent heretofore n -- establish ed -eyen7agai n st "MormX'tvas-plaienough to every one of ordinary intelligence that it was intended to make an example of Elder Penrose, and besides, it was putting him where he could not give his views through the most popular medium, that of the press. To imprison a man for not answering an irrelevant ques- uoa upon a raaucr. ior wnicn ne naa already re ceived the pardon of His Excellency the Presi- dent of the United States will scarcely be con- 1 . This morning, ere 'twas light,-vision, fair and bright, Pass'd happily before my restful mind; 7l was my sister, "true and "kind. v, ,ulufc v. u.iu...x.t.uu wuum iu.uk .umwu only,that the whole Church was on trial before His SEVENTY-ONE- A The Court in session in this City has for the past two or three weeks given great attention to the subject of qualifications for citizenship; and with thisonesimp1e fact, theyhave7T)rQughriir v . original poem, which we. give below. THE COURT: MORMON DOCTRINE AND .after another decade, as active and useful as she is " After the reading, Pres. Cannon in a chosen words expressed his pleasure in being present to celebrate the natal day of one whom he crv mi rh ptppmn inrl reformA tn j - lOOK the steamerRoanoke Tor New York. intimate acquaintance with Brother and Sister The usual time for the ocean trip is from 22 to Home, congratulated Sister Home on attaining 26 hours, but such was the gale that it took 60 such length of days and still retaining her health minute the gale blowing at the rate of 70 miles an and usefulness, made general remarks upon other nour; tne sriutters were ciosea and natenway matters, and concluded with asking God to bless nailed down; the storm was the most severe that Brother and Sister Home and their family. since 1846. The ladies sufZPres. Woodruff spoke for some minutes in a had swept that coast fered from very much, all on board -- similar strain, referringrliowever; more -- Dartirn7 were sick even the colored employees accustomed larly to the days that were past, the associative to these voyages, were ill. Mrs. Taylor and in earlier times with Joseph the Prophet, and the this terrific ughtetUxevernhe-rmdst-- of were- now vcmFrrsnr w th t a tti VH. He storm relied with implicit faith upon the promises men.who belong to the opposing party. spoke with great fervor and earnestness, and exmade them previous to, their departure that they Whn the rase dnsflrl F Wr Pnrn nao c pressed many good wishes for all imand present should go and return in safety. " Anrl-rcleased hv the order. .:of f.Tudfre r,:.u .. plicit faith in the future glory of Zion. j J"""V.V" wrmu in New On York after this arriving unpleasant standing there were those so full of hatred and Sister Presendia L. Kimball, who is now in her over went the Hoboken voyage, they Ferry to spite they would have stretched a point or two or 8oth, year, also expressed her pleasure in being Jersey where they found their friends who had u nave jvepi nun juuger ia aurattce Vile.' with the friends with whom ou a associated ' I w been several times to the station to rdeet them. unng this case of rights of citizenship the I lighted to minfrle. congratulated qjcv o orne. o .. ..-- t. ! 1. ' " n While in New York the ladies visited Centra as tnough they and wuucMcs iwvc ueeu caiecnizea asked the blessing, of heaven upon all those Park which they greatlydmifedespecjally the were all hereties, and were on trial for their" life. assembled. No one can help seeing, if they read all the eviMetropolitan museum and to Miss Taylor all the Delicious refreshments with ice fruits" cream, Old Trinity Church, Stock Exdence and speeches etc. but that "Mormonism" and sweetmeats were places were-neserved to the guests and the can well afford to be put on trial on its merits. change, Greenwood Cemetery Ind the Equitable conversation" became general. It was a pleasant "There are more in things heaven and earth than Building, where great pains was taken to show evening profitablyspent, and the guests retired them when they were informed they were from are dreamt of in our philosophy." So with from the house with every of good-wilexpression Mormonism it contains so much; Utah; the vaults, the safes, the private rooms, they have not and prayers for future happiness here and h and the signals etc. rent for these safes yet compassed the earth, and the heavens they after. The writer adds her congratulations and un-from explainedand $15 20, to 400 per month, the whole fortunately cannot, d i friendly greetings-antrusts to see Mrs HnmC building inside is finished in marble and iron, with" few-we- ll -- 1 . sea-sickne- - ss -- . 4 . nn - V W 1 - w, l ; -jr- : 