TOMAN'S EXPONENT. 112 so ably conducted. I arn as every our friend and rules and formalities of expression. Many in and the Woman's National Suffrage Association sister. five thousand Charter Memhearing the word classical - immediately think We purpose having Sarah. bers the same to elect the. National Officers, of the work referred to as dry, and say they don't like classical music, and indeed, it U -- The "enclosed" card filled and returned to the difficult enough" to interest even a musical secretary with five dollars will entitle you. to a A T TTA I? SOUVENIRS from Mormon '. V AbVADLLi Certificate by return mail. student with the. symmetrical and constructive Charter Membership Hill Genuine specimens of beauties of .classical compositions. Then bethe cooperation of the women of the Upon or Stone Fine Photo, of Hill and spot 25c. Wood, imsuccess to of the sides, we have in most capes only that very this Golden where Bible' the was found, coc. Autoattempt the country depends instrument, and who unsatisfactory of Major Gilbert, printed the first graph perfect organize the first Woman's Monument Associaold and the Bible Mormon 25c. Elegant Photograph of piano, for our interpreting means; tion in America. with their-formweakln. sounds Letter, 50c. ALL for Autograph MajorGilbert masters wrote. 'rT1 " of the Respectfully, Guaranteed $1. above, genuine. Send at gtrurnents, compared.. to .the heavy,. noisy inHarrison. ronce. Carrie agents wanted. ctrnmonh wp. Tinw have "at our disposal. MosT MORMON HILL EXCAVATION CO., Chairman, of their piano music sounds hollow, tinkling, .. .Main Office, Palmyra, N. Y. Dr. Clara Bliss Hinds.-133- 1 and antiquated;" although we might see in these N. St. Secretary, old sonatas artistic finish of form, beautiful periods properly balanced, and a delicate "sense of form and formality." However, these, men A VOICE FROM MESA CITY. in their compositions were so convinced ,of the rulethat" exact and order indispensableness of V their fancy was always under the dominion of Editor Exponent : , thoso laws, even in their boldest flights of Thinking a few items from this arid region originality. might possibly be interesting to your numerous ) -- 0N SALE readers, I take the liberty to jot down a few, that you may know that we are not quite used up by THE MOUSE IN THE PANTRY. TO "thet)TOiHng weather weha"ve experienced -- the past summer. We are now enjoying most lovely An - old man used to say to his grandand were it not for the frost which daughter, when she" was out of temper or weather, us the beginning of November leaving the naughty in any way, "Mary, Mary, take care; visited there's "a mouse in the pantry." She often footprints upon our fruit and shade trees, we would cease crying at this and stand would scarcely believe that Christmas was so wondering to herself what he meant. She near at our doors. Thanksgiving day was duly ' often ran to the pantry to see if there really : honored by services being held in the morning . was a mouse in the trap, but she never found with a well arranged programme which was interdon't estingly carried out. one. One day she said: "Grand-father,- ! .'" know what you mean, I haven't a pantry, and AT-But the most enjoyable affair, of the season so there are no mice in "mother's because I have far and which I wish to note was our Old Folk's UNION TICKET OFFIGEr. looked so often." He smiled and said: "Come, Party, which came off at the Mesa Hall the 29th Main Street, Salt Lake City. and I'll tell you what I mean. Your heart, of November which was decorated beautifully.with C. E. INGALLS, - Mary, is the J. V. PARKER, pantry; the little sins are the mice festoOds of flowers, and evergreen, and beauti Div. Pass. Agt. City Pass. Agt. that get in and nibble away all the good, and ful the Y. L. A. of Mesa. It was a by pictures, that makes you sometimes cross and peevish, and fretful. To keep them put you must set Stake affair, and all over $0 were invited, of whatever sect, .orctttdrIhos6-komsot-tov6o- -' a dmp--thtrap -- of watchfulness.- - Woman were denoted by red ribbon, over 60 by blue, over and Home. 70 by white, and over 80 by gold color, the red predominated. At 1 p. m. they all gathered with baskets of Martin Farquhar Tupper anoV Robert Browning picnic,-whicPA fl I was taken care of by a committee so near each other leaves, Tennys on almost alone appointed. Opened by prayer, and singing: Oh in the field of English poetical fame. Tennyson my Father ; by the entire company, after which was born the same year as Tupper, 1810, and a SALT LAKE CITYr very fine programme was carried out, consisting in 1812, Browning " ; of songs, recitations and-- speeches. Henry tfnzzee gave a brief sketch of the Mormon' The LUCY WEBB battalion, their journeys and hardships. Brother ChariesHarper on the Mormon xodus-rfromNauvooto Salt Lake, short picyspeeches Mrs. E. B. Wells: Washington, D. C. byC. I. Robinson, H. Rogers, C. R' Hakes, M. A. Hakes, interspersed with songs and recitaNOV. 19. 1889. 1 tions occupied the time until 5 p. m. when all My Dear Madam! felt like enjoying their picnic which was indeed The Woman's National Press Association Sept a very sociable enjoyable time. Dancing was 6, 1889 carried the following motion: Resolved. that we inaugurate a plan to erect a statue of next in order. The floor was soon clearH and ! PJ 1 - - - al . " . " feiiilillilil U s - . - vWiiA ALL .JOpI PRINCIPAL POINTS - EAST, WEST, NORTH .and SOUTH ' ' - ; E S.THOMAS e P h Mubo -E- Gasla Houses E.K THOMAS ' . I- Special to the Ladies. bb movement they called- - a public meeting of all the woman's organizations in the city. Discussion has evolved and elaborated the plan into a temple with a large hall for conventions, smaller rooms for committees, clubs, etc. niches for statuaryr air art traitiof be placed, vith a great. drinking fountain and statue of Mrs. Hayes in .front of the building. The following committee has been elected to correspond with prominent women concerning a National Organization. Miss Carrie Harrison, Miss Clara Barton, Mrs. Bishop J. FniurstTMrs. E. M. S". Marble, Mrs. D, S. McKuight, Mrs. Annie E. Bovee, Mrs. Sarah D. Le. Fetra, Mrs. Albertine S. Odell, Mrs. Sen. H. M. Teller, Mrs. Dr. T. S,vHamlin, Mrs. E. A. . UfllUll Leading Retail HAYES-ASSOCIATIO- Lucy-We- MDniHTTl -- Dr. Clara r Blissr inndsy reprTsenthig7 the Red Cross,.Home and Foreign Missionary Societies, W. C. T. U. Woman's Relief Corps. G. a! R. Roman's National sres5Association spersed with songs and recitations, until 10 p. m. when all separated with many good wishes for each others welfare and for many happy returns of the day; great credit is due ..to the committee and young ladies for the able, and energetic manner invpHch itwas T;irrTer(fou:.'' - Our R. S, building is looming up rapidly. We hope to have it completed by New Year's day, when a good dinner in the hall New Year's is m erecting- it. and th r.v.w4.wlv---"cconsequence is, they are exerting themselves to" the utmost to have it completed. It is of brick, size 20 by 46, feet 10 feet to be partitioned off for a storage room leaving the main room 26 by ?o which is ample room for our Society as it at present exists. We feel quite elated at the pros-peof having a Hall of our own as we have suffered reat inconvenience in getting suitable places to hold our meetings in. Ever praying for the success of the little u AT TEASDEL'S Will be found tlr 4latest styles and piodnctions mCESRXJCHES,Eld FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES And an elegant assortmeni of ID E"Z - ct paper O-- OODS: Special department for Ladies' MissAs' and In fant's Shoes. 118 112, 114, 116, Boat Temple Street IDJLTVTr) Ti.MES Ss CO. TINNERS CAS, WATER & STEAM FITTERS for RUMSEYS cefebrated LIFT and FOR-:PUMF. Pumps Repaired on sbort notice. Orders rroK: ent K ' the eoentry promptly, responded Uu -A4ira. EAVD JAUE3. Box 355. Sit? USS CZTT. 