TTT WO MA N'S' hXPO NENT EMMELim Editor. D. WELLS, In SaltXake City, Utah. Terms: Published one copy one year, fl.OO; one copy ix months, SOcts. No reductioa made for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 eta. AdvertI.Jnj rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil ; per month, S 3.00. A liberal discount-tipace, one Ume, regular advertisers. .", South .Tempi o Strcet,tcon4 Exfonknt office, Nau" of Dcserc-- 5ewOfficorTJu.4iueAi toiirff ffow 10 W.m gale to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday-Addres- s all business communications to semi-monthl- o S2-0- " c-- l l , : PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, . Salt Lake but people, by enforcing unrighteous measures, still there will be a way of escape, notwithstanding all the cunning and craftiness of men. How was rtin the days of Herod the king? He sent I. forth' his decree, but the Lord knew more man Herod and provided a way, and gave a timely warning. He is the same God still, His plans and designs will not be thwarted by Kings or Governors or rulers, He holds thera all. in His, hand - therefore there is na need of fearj forthe ork; ;1ut each individual must Jook to himself and see Ithat He- Is right; and humility, obedience, taitn onH nnfr.eii(Tarnrr - - - - J are Mnil? amw rhTltV d o the patience , 1VS11L virtues and excellences the Saints should culti vate. , - - City. Utah. EDITORIAL NOTES. Ijit T:nt'ered'at the Second Oast Holler. Salt Office in .Salt Lake City, Utah, as ' Lake City, The many friends of Sister Jane S. Richards, first counselor to Sister Zina D. H.Young, will be pleased to hear that she has recovered from a lingering illness of several weeks duration, and though not quite so strong as before, she is able toesume her duties in the position which she 15, 1889. July TIME OF CHANGES. has been calbd to fill. The condition of this people at the present time causes every thinking person to reflect, and inThe fourth of July was with the firingof cannons in from the evening before until the morning, and quire why it is that such a serious change affairs has come to pass. Some will say it is the also otherwise, celebrated in Salt Lake City with effect of pride, of riches, of too great prosparity, considerable ceremony, and a great deal of patrihave that commandrrfents and a lack of keeping the otic enthusiasm at Li .been given: there are various opinions j one fact ..assembled, after, to all, that . is . that the quite a magnificent scale- .- Flags and banners, is Scriptures and revelations and prophecies plainly bands of music and a grand display of beauty,lheT point to just such a condition of things as exist at goddess of liberty and so on, and after the .the present time. And for that very reason the speeches, songs, toasts and the conclusion of the Saints the principal feature of which was the barbacue. . tower, so to speak, and prepared for. the inevi table at least the wise virgins should not oe So the day passed off pleasantly and in the evening taken unawares but have their lamps trimmed and the illumination from ; in various parts and the increased the burning, and not have to borrow light of a neighof city, hightened day's enbor who may perchance. have none to lend. so for the children,who always joyment, especially look forward to, and expect a jollification and a while watching one should also pray and cultivate hurrah on Independence day.4 orin and in faith faith His and exercise God, e and dinances giveiLuata.. priesthood He-haHis people; the Apostle Paul said 'faith without the Eighth Ward, in this city, 4was held on Tues-- d works is dead'FuOb ay evening, July 9th , i n the ward meeting house. ' living faith that which will eaU down the hies. The hall was handsomely fitted up for the occaings of heaven upon their labors also. There is a sion, and decorated with flowers in such rich .full fountain to go lo, the Lord has not withdrawn . prolusion as to add grace and beauty to the enterHis spirit, from those who seek for it. In the tainment. But more beautiful stiliwerethe midst of Gospel light and intelligence there is no sparkling eyes and intelligent faces of the young ladies who had prepared this "feast of reason occasion to follow after the ways of the ungodly, . , boweyer-well-know- work by Taylor prepared herself for Kindergarten takiFgafeg"uTaT"course"of training under Mrs. Marcus E. Jones a professional teacher. Miss . Jonerhf Taylor also taught one term wjth-Mrsorder to become thoroughly, Proficient. The school commenced Oct., 22nd, 1888, and closed in June of the present year. This year Miss Taylor will undertake the entire responsibility herself, and will open at the same place on the. f I j r 1 t-- i v. 1 1 -. onrt r,thrr t hincr reauired in the work, and she , 0 shouTd have the patronage which would help her forward to success in the undertaking. We have no hesitancy in saying that there is no mode of teaching children so thorough and effective as the Kindergarten. Miss Taylor has persevered under difficulties during the past year, but we do .hope she will have the genuine courage to continue, in the conscientious work she has commenced, until she will meet with the success and patronage so Saints need this well deserved. The Latter-da- y system of schools and Miss Tayjor ought to have encouragement. She is bright and intelligent and wejbelieve well calculated to take charge of a school of this kind. We examined quite carefully the work of little Christine McAllister who had been attending the Kindergarten kept by Mrs. Randall and Miss Taylor and we found the child, though very young, quite familiar with form and . . color. . ON THE WING. -- n nktMI kXnrsf. ? -- .fire-wor- io-th- ks s, m Zaffljflowof LsoulortheirJnvited tr trnsr in thi nnwer nf man was well filled, and the exercises were of a Many practical lessons of faith and-- ' repentance sufficiently varied character to render them athave been taught this people in their journeyings, wanderings, and times of severe trial, and they tractive; instrumental music, and singing added to the enjoyment of the evening. There was a assuredly know that there is an outstretched arm ever ready to protect and defend them if they put duett by the Misses Sarah and Rebecca Mc- their trust- in Him.J and not in thp arm f fl'ch' Murnn, and a song by Miss Nellie Sheets. The This day we are now living in,is spoken of as the reading of a poem, by Mrs M. P. Young was trying time, the testing of the integrity of the one of the features of the evening, out of the Saints,-bu- t is it not also a goddlIme,aud Ihe vefy ordiaaryouUnesucheeu times have tooTmuch of a sameness? Mrs. Young day the President, seemed to have the tact to preside "That Kings and Trophcts watted for, unassumingly- .- After the exercises were conAnd sought, but never found." cluded, short speeches were made by sisters Zina -DvHf-YfoungrA andLillie Freeze: and The time that the Latter-daSaints have" been : Elders Joiin:;Nicholson," James Eardleyyjr and prating-forthoug- h Sheets. After the adjournment, refresh- Bishop real it would be. The lime when the tares would ' m guestsT-The-roo- W W Mr y remnant escape the terrible ordeals. noUA-timeaoineglecta- ny Surely it is known duty, but seek and He will bring His chosen people off victorious no matter who prophecies to the contrary,or seeks' to overthrow the Church of God, and waste and desfroy.the substance of the saints.-- Congress may make laws to take away the rights of men and women, and Judges and their aids may have power to afilct and distress the ' thexemtmue-tqgro- w ing, and attain the most desirable excellence. During the last year a Kindergarten school was started in the iSth, Ward, just Jnside the Eagle Gate in the building known a's Brigham Young's school house. Mrs. M. E. .Randall a teacher of manyyears standing in the community, arid Miss Lizzie Taylor were the teachejs. Miss Lest you frown when we meet, I will try to report myself.- - At Phelps I ordered the Papers giving general account of the Centennial Celebration sent to you. Meeting kindred, the majority of whora'are stragers, reresentatives of different branches,, of the family, tree, whichltook root in New York soil a hundred years ago was a deeply interesting occasion. Visiting Ancestral Cemeteries and the Hill -- a Cumbrah; was theWxf c and Sodus, for- - a few days. And thence to this the Chief Ci ty of the Nati On." We have devoted a week to the, study of some of its more prominent features, we will leave many interesting features 1 ' ""'uj m suun Ul, x 1U1CK a Massive Marble Cathedral,Metropolitan Museum, Obelisk, Cleopatra's Needle", Madison Square with th irrnti--v.t n.. r vw. ar AiaiuTrinity Church, St. Paul's Church where Bishop Potter is said to have'rebuked the President. On Sunday we went over to the Brooklyn Tabernacle and listened to the far famed Rev. Talmage. He impressed me as a thorough student of human nature throwing his line for the prize of popularity. Visited the elegant --Marble Equitable Building Custom House and many notable builds ings. On Broadway cailedat the Phreholdgical - Journal office had a pleasantr interview" with" MrTT Sizer who has long been a strong pillar in sustainthat Mrs. ing Wells was not at the institution, office but I left your message for her. Went to the Battery, and Castle Garden which was alohg time landincr Quarters -fnr H, q,; "w " Called at the Publishing House of Mrs. waiuis. Jenness and chatted ' -- - MillefniiwrstigateTiTrdfeTs vouno- - ladies acquitted themselves creditably in all their parts Success to -- such-li ve- - association5ra Dear Mrs. Wells: 1 -- beaiheredjiito New York City July 4th? 1889. : thence t0 the Tomb of Gen. Grant, which is kept feh uameoTafgovernnient expense. , I write while Lizzie packs the trunks wp iave this eve.by.Central N. Y. via. Niagara for Detroit where we visit friends) with .our faces and thoughts turned - :homwsfdrwtW to meet Brother atirl Slefor unu... . tuwux nere, urother Wilcox seems to be successfully prosecuting his medical studies. Yesterday we went to the ints headquarters, on Long Island, a spent pleastant ' 