WOMAN'S - JLeach-membe- s " , REMARKS. used for the ordinary branches will be the same as those adopted for the use of , the district schools. ; the teacher before consult shonld Parents purchasing books or other school supplies for V their children. Parents or guardians will be held strictly responsible for any damage done to school property by their children. For further information, address Horace Cummings, Principal. I 437 E. Second South St. or Robert Patrick, Chairman of Board. s SELF .- , . to-exer- . 1 - Kephi, Utah. ' I - "THE AUTOCRAT AT EIGHTY." Oliver - Wendell Holmes celebrated his eightieth birthday at Beverly Farm, August 29th. He received many letters find telegrams of congratulation among them, a short personal GOOD ADVICE. As I sit and admire these our mountain homes dearer to us than anything else on eartbj I seem n irt? hinh thA fMDTl to hear aHjture proclaiming peaceunto usall expressed his regard and deep regret that thelow rustling breezes that come now and then latter could he not.that day grasp his. friend ...by, the to fan us as we feel the effects of the- - glittering hand. Many ladies and gentlemen called and rays of the sun, as we toil by the sweat of our he received a great many beautiful floral gifts. brows to earn bread; then the cool sparkling The following sketch of Dr. HolmeslCareer is streams from which we quench our thirst, whil'st lom thz R 1. Mail and Express. the birds twitter and sing above us in the leafy DR. ilOLMES CAREr& branches. All seem to whisper in harmony the Dr. Holme3 was born in Cambridge, Mass. voice of peace and quietude, But hark ! from afar comes a sound as of low rolling thunders 'tis the and breathed a literary atmosphere from the When old enough to go away voice of Babylon. She is coming, coming into day of his birth. to the Phillips. Andover was sent to school he our very midst. We all know how our parents Here he began to make verses by and grancUires came out of her that they might not Academy. the first book of Virgil's "iEnoid" translating be partakers of her sins and iniquities, they left the in In 1825 he entered heroic couplets. world and all its vanities and came to this once Harvard. mere no was a contributor Wd'deseff TwhTrTlighTburth e wild beasts and to the college periodicals, trequent and when the apsavage roamed. Think with what zeal, strong pointments for.commencement were given out hearts, and willing hands, our patriotic fathers Holmes was made the poet. That his standing labored to obtain that which was dearer to them in scholarship was excellent is manifest from freedom.. even : than life, the fact that he was chosen a member of the Behold! also the desert blooming as the rose Phi Beta Kappa Society, wh ich. selects i ts under their hard labors, the comfortable homes we members from those who stand among the now enjoy, the many stately, buildings, houses of highest. --The worship, school houses, arid places of learning younraduaterfoundrhimself famous to become useful men and within a year after his graduation. Many a where we can be taught of this citizens a"nd honest great country literary man has attracted his first literary women, be to "The land of the notice in a literary way by a few verses hitting wh; ..i was once proclaimed free and the home of the brave." But now we off some topic at the time uppermost in the find that the peopleof this great nation are fast popular mind. In 1830 it was proposed to drawing themselves from that line, they have not break up the old frigate Constitution. One day only taken the rights of citizenship from many of there appeared in the Boston Advertiser or proour brethren but they have also disfranchised all test against such a desecration beginning: the women of this Territory without just cause so Ay, tear her tattered ensign down, that they do not enjoy that "perfect freedom and Long ias it waved on high,-- -perfect equality" with man that they should enjoy. The author was 0. W. Holmes. The piece .But still we can raise our voices'and defend these " took at once, was copied widely in the news- rights which a free people should enjoy, and we papers, circulated in handbills, and saved the can encourage others to strive to maintain that for ship. which they have struggled so hard. Holmes studied law for a year at the Camwe enjoy the fruits of the bridge Law School, but if he did not learn more Shall we how because stand of literature than law he at least produced more idly by drifting hither labors of the pioneers, not care and see ourikht5JiiJ,hUfcra where, and thither we who have come into our ' humorous pieces, which added to his reputation those wrested from usljy midst with their smooth tongues and fine, speeches as a writer. It was destined that he should be 1 . ; ". ' f This is a subject we all would do well to consider, and inquire of ourselves how far we exercise the privilege. Government is necessary mf the well being of soeietv, -- wliethercxercised by a monarchical. Republican, or Patriarchal form, but how much . cise- " -Ii.- G O VERNMENT. , - t, 163 JLStreeL. paths of virtue and honesty in which we have been taught to tread by those to whom we are already indebted so much, shall we as I said before stand idly by and see these Ihings take their. i i t f tyur:e. 1 ieei inai we are au unucu in saying nu; although we as -- young sisters cannot as yet do much, many of us have true patriotic, blood flow-- . -- "' text-book- us-fro- you-fro- of the 18th Ward Ecclesiastical Corporation. They select the teachers and provide for trie ;; necessities and general welfare of the school. The immediate government and disciplining of the school rests with the teachers, who will maintain order, rather by including principles of than by the infliction of morality and '' .. pun i s h me nts. If a pupil indulges in persistent or wilful disobedience 16 teachers, or is guilty of immoral or aisgraceiui conuuci, uc wiu uc 5uspcuucu or ex pelled from the school in such a manner as is decided by the judgment of the teachers, with the r approval Absence or tardiness should be excused by a note from the . parent to the teacher stating the cause. In case of withdrawal the Principal should be notified at once, as the pupil's name will remain on the register until such report is made. A record of each pupil will be kept in such a manner as to afford a full exhibit of his habits in regard to attendance, punctuality, deportment and and preparation of lessons, and at the end of each - term a report of the same will be sent to the parent or guardian of the pupil." The all her gorgeous displays into our midst and the very doors" to lead . " ; h -- - "This Seminary is under the control of a Board of Education, elected by rhe Board of Directors self-respec- -la- id-her-at"our self-con--tr- ol family-practice- d theyhavebrought-Babylon-wit- -- with numberone. It is a privilege no one can take away from; usTlThi 3. Jojii.eis an encouraging " thought, and that no one great or small, rich or selves and encourage the young men to go lor, ward in maintaining their rights and our rights poor can be robbed of this inestinable blessing. -while we are notallovredtoCast sT laiIot In votTJben.let.-uthis - privilege- and try ask our Heavenly Father to help us every day ing for honest;men,because we cannot afford to have plotters and schemers to fill public positions and hour to watch ourselves that we may in time be abie to govern and control every thought, and to draw us into their snares of immorality and direct every action and word. If we depend upon bondage as it were, although they appear very frank and polite in their way. " But still we - know ourselves alone we will not succeed to any great extent anoTif we are not earnest and determined,; we are on the safest side when we unite with those who are of us, whom we know to be honesttruth-Jovio- g we need not expect help from above. Tha humble men, men who will establish such rules, and sincere" alone may look .or strength and and guidance from otfr Heavenly Father. May we all and principles, as will tend to elevate-u- s, realize this, and live in accordance with his laws, place us on a higher platform; therefore brethren that we mcy justly claim a portion of his spirit to we your sisters feel to sustain and encourage our hearts andeel to say to you all go cast be with us continually to enlighten our minds and strengthen our resovles to do, and accomplish your honest votes for the "People's Party." Miss Mary Andersen. -:. every good desire of our hearts. ' Huntsville, Utah. Mary E. L. Neff. ' Manuscript Paper Y. L. M. I. A. . DISCIPLINARY. havejheyjjpnjQijjs self-denia- l, f ' of the r and and could with propriety say, under every circumstance, that they could govern their feelings, thoughts and actions. This is a degree of perfection to which we are not likely to attain in a, few days or weeks, though we might with profit begin at once and see what we can do " -- to allure us into their paths, to become as they are many of them steeped in vice and sin, what easier it would be for any and all of these different governments, if the individuals governed understood, and . practiced jelf gwcrnxnent.y - Hqv much easier it would be for the heads of families We hail with joy, the advent of Latter-da- y Saifft schools and colleges and feel that it is an i n spi r ed movement which will result, i n great inits-interest- s at good to the youth-o- f Zion and home an dabroad. 'lheschools..already.es---- l tablished where religious instruction has been given have done and are .still doing an excellent work, and many other like institutions in different will ere long .., be. in parts of the Territory ' ,' operation. The school building in the 1 8th Ward which was dedicated on the 30th of August last was built by subscriptip it will now be devoted. "The first term of this seminary of learning began September 2nd and will close November 8th. JThe !seqndejmjll begin November 11, and' end January 24. Third term will begin January 27, and end April 7th. Fourth term will begin April 7th and close June 13th. There will be a vacation from December ' - - - 24 to January 2." ''There will be three departments namely: the Primary Department, consisting of pupils of the, chart and first reader grades: the Preparatory "Department, consisting of pupils of the second- and third reader grades; and the Intemediate Department consisting of pupils of the fourth and fifth reader grades. As stated special classes in Theologv will be organized in each department." -- EXPONENT. m 