v.. sr- WOMAN'S EXPONENT "sides singing: and prayer, nearly every one present expressed their thoughts and feelings in a few n words, and also their appropriate and rjesires to devote theif lives more fully to thin.' l, terests and welfare of Zioo. The-- Spirit of God was abundantly poured out upon all present, and ' "a time of rejoicing was experienced well-cjiose- -- . Some time since we had the pleasure of attend-jntrpleasant-littl- e gathering at the residence pfMrs. H. G. Park, in this city. As the day was a very stormy one, only a few of the invited guests were present) but those who did come had a most -delicious and enjoyable time.The dinner elegantly served, and the handsome dining room' was brilliantly lighted and as cosy as possible. The conversation was of a social nature with a thread of politics to enliven it, woman's rights, suffrage, etc and statehood for Utah. Among1 the guests who had the courage to venture out in. the storm, and who participated in the animated discussions with the genial hostess, were W. Smith, Mrs Jennie McLean and Mrs. Margaret M. Caine. Later in the evening Miss Mabel JPark, after much persuasion, con- sented to play and sing for the company, which was greatly enjoyed ; the young lady has a very good voice, rich and musical, and her playing is very fine and her selections good. a, -- - " Mrs-Bithsheb- 26, Tuesday evening, February a the-annu- meeting of the Young Ladies' Association in the 14th Ward of this city, convened in the Ward Halrptfhic sion. A very handsome carpet was Jaid down, easy chairs, sofas and handsome little tables were tastefully arranged; natural flowers here and there added their peculiar charm to the decora tions, and the beautiful and -- intelligent faces of the yung women, who had planned all this for the enjoyment of the gathering, was a sight fair to see. Miss Aggie Campbell, President of the Association, presided with ease . and dignity. After" singing, and prayeryby Bishop Geo. II; Taylor, the roll call was responded to with a senti ment or verse from; each of the members present, -- ' ""which madeiiappjrvriety . Threxercises were of an interesting character, ' consisting of short speeches, a song, by the Misses Campbell, and a corresoondence between two young women, a poem, "Jamie," recited with true dramatic tender- ness, by Mrs. Ri. Taylor, also some testimonies, that were quite impressive. Brief addresses were also made by Sister M. A. Freeze, M. I. Home, E. B. Wells, E. S. Taylor, and by Bishop 0. F. Whitney and President Angus M. Cannon. Elder ".. 4 few hxTaviilnfrnt, cuiidua , tzz f v aiiv-- i uwu-- 1 :.. - - .. ltves:::atn7ntr gbon ugh to-th- !i.r. Vv; v,. - , RES O LU TIQNS JYD QPTEILB Y TH E NA- - TIONAL W. S. CONVENTION: - . Whereas, .Women possessed and exercised lightfuffra'gnhenaugurationf-thig- - words, as the' representative family of Ills deceased father, Herman Hyde, who, with his wife and children, were among the earliest members of the Church in the State of NewYork. Sister Hyde expressed herself much gratified with the tributes of good feeling and esteem she had received, an$' made some very appropriate remarks suited to the time and occasion. of-th- pntiently-nntcr-thc-end.-Tho- the world calls us, and we may find e friends good and true, we turn dear old home when troubles cojne, for help and comfort. God grant that forus all there may long remain a mother's house W. " f government; and, e Whereas, They were deprived of this right by the arbitrary state legislatures in violation of the original compact as seen in the early constitutions; therefore, Resolved That it is the duty of the several states to make prompt restitution of these ancient . rights, recognized by innumerable precedents in the gradual extension English history, and of the suffrage over the vast territories. CARD OF THANKS. Whereas, Woman's title deed to an equal share in the inheritance left her by the fathers of I Thecommittee having charge of the benefit rethe Republic has been examined and proved by cently given.ih the Theatre for the Deseret Hosable lawyers; and, pital, desire to make public acknowledgment of Wjiereas, This right is. already exercised in their appreciation of the generous response given some form in one hundred localities in different to- - the to the cause;, Especially-- a parts oL the world; therefore, Home Dramatic Club,, who, by their laudable Reolved That sex is no longer considered a efforts, did so much to make the affair the artistic bar to the exercise of suffrage by civilized nasuccess which proved. They tions. also tender their special thanks to the Orchestra Resolved, That it is the duty of Congress to m for their generosity, and the exquisite music renpass a declaratory act, compelling the several dered, and to the managers of the Salt Lake states to establish a "republican form of govern.Theatre, and the Gas Company, as well as to the ment" within their borders by securing to women newspaper people, who were so liberal in the mattheir right to vote, thus nullifying the fraudulent ter of advertising. Multiplication of words is actso Ls tat K eiegiaturesarj d. making our govern-.!- ; neeclf ess'p we are' very 'gratefurt&ll, who in'any " ment homegeneous from Maine to Oregon. way contributed to the benevolent cause lor the" Resolved, That the recent school election in institution. good of --the Boston is proof jofthe interest taken by women "tMELiNE B. Wells, " in political subjects and their feadinesss to vote Margaret G. Clawson, upon questions of principle. Elizabeth I Ioward, Resolved, , That the question of enfranchising -.Committee. v f the people is superior to that of Indian treaties, admissionof. new states, lariff international copyright, or any other subject before the MOTHER'S HOUSE. country, ahd that it is the foremost duty of the fiftieth congress at this, its last session, to submit How many thoughts are called up bythose two an amendment to the constitution forbidding states familiar words! -- Is therecanlherebe any place to disfranchise citizens on account of sex. . so-fof pleasant places, beneath the wayirig Resolvedy That as a question of ethics the differpafms of sunny isles, or in the chilling shadows ence between putting a fraudulent ballot in the Our hearts turn witli unof icy mountains? box and keeping a rightful ballot out, is nothing, changeable love and longing to the dear old home and that we condemn the "action which prevents which sheltered us in childhood. Kind friends women from casting a ballot at any election as a may beckon us to newer scenes, and .loving shameful evidence ofjhe corruption of dominant hportQ mav hind us fast to pleasant homes ; but we political parties in this country. are not satisfied, with them alone, for there is one them all, and thar Whereas, The legislature of Washington Ter- place more fair and lovely than -- ritoryfeawicevoted orwomaTOuffr is a beloved mOther'sLhduse nnfi ricketvJ tor the eves of the J accepted and exerM., lliay broken have Governor been cised the right, Squire in his report to stranger. The windows may the Secretary of the Interior in 1884, having de" " 1 ana paicneciuug du, clared that it met the1 approval of a large majority and mended ; but it ifrsffll mother's house from V of the people; and, which we looked out at life 0with hearts full of .'Whereas, TnTBS7, after the"women had voted hone buildinc: wonderful castles ia cldudland B u I for three "and a half years, the territorial supreme fnde.d ong ago". t, thanks to the good with court pronounced the law invalid on the grou rf d Father, mother's house is left us, and, weary , iiff WP ntircAluAc that the nature of the bi l must..be described in xvpTV ri l the title of the act; and, turn pur steps toward tne dear om house ot rest, acts-otuccess- iye to-d- ay " . the-performa- nce J . L 1 . ull . iorMiyyt..,. au the .'frieiirls - , - -- ; : .- . nest out into a world which has proven but a. snare and temptation to many' wandering rTeet yes, many; arid here we gather strength to take up our one-hal- Arthur Stayner recited in true dramatic style, the significant poem, "The Church and the World' which was richly appreciated. Bishop Taylor " of the announced another part programme- refreshments which were served to all that he facetiously goodly company, by what ' termed "the white apron brigade." After par taking of the delicate collation prepared by these was a call for there vounpr".....ladies, thoughtful r: ..... o" j : music, which was responded to, and Bishop Whitney sang two or three favorite pieces, also Brother Biitler7and after singingnd some social converse of friends and acquaintances, the assemr bty was dismissed with singing "Good Night" by the choir, and a benediction was pronounced by Coun. H. F. Richards. ... j and were present, Bishod Atvvood and. wife, Elder Geo. Goddard.and wife, Mrs. Ann Woolley and her daughter Fanny, Mrs. Lydia Ann.Wells, Mrs. -- G ha rles 1 I ; Rigby and other's. Elder Geo. Goddard enterr tained the company by singing VHard times come again no more," and also, "The men are pretty dear.' Atwood made a few remarks before leaving, 'expressing his kindly feelings for the. lady in whose honor the guests had assembled, and called upon Mrs. El B. Wells, who had lived " so near, to Sister, Hyde for many years she responded brieily, ..alluding to 'jAunt FJizabethVV (as she is affectionately called) journeying across, the plains'" with the handcart company in .1856, and other matters familiar to those present, after ' . : j 149 i . 1 " dence of that venerable lady, with baskets of'pic- I t ! iii"ic, as an expression oi tneir esieem, aim iuvwci" - 1 Ia-'-a- The afternoon was spent in conversation and. re- caning ot reminiscences oiaue The hv Miss losephine SVin- berg, and the programme carried out by herself and Mrs. Rachel Grant, Mrs.; Eliza- beth Grey and others. Bro. and Sister Rosell Hyde of Kaysville were in the city by accident. . .sl"! co-assista- 1 and atitsthresholdJay. our burdens down. Here u. L n AAtviA nuu v mcvwuic ucic wc udvc we nave waicucuJ llfn gu, ljww folded still, cold hands over hearts as still, that Once Deal lull vi iuvc iui us, ucic vvc iictve-wccorned brothers and sisters intd life rwatchedibr the first lisping words from baby lips; guiding the loitering baby feet from helplessness to man hood j and here we have watched, with aching hearts, to see the dear ones torn from their home- 1 A V ss. i m i- j 1 Whereas, In January 088, another bill by the legislature gave to this law an explicit title; and 1 the bill," again granting suffrage to women, was sig'ned by; Governor Semple,: thus triumphantly showinglheiipprovatiDf the people the legislature and the governor; and, Whereas, The territorial supreme court in ' . August, 18S8, arain rendered a decision against he right of the women of the territory to vote; 