27 WOMAN'S - EXPONENT. THE FIRST GRANDCHILD.- Grandmother," called the lather, and there came Outjrom the vine wreathed, porch a.blushing dame Surprised and eager at the strange new name. '''.-'.- , -- I t r i ' She broke it soon, 'Grandfather, I congrat 'Wha(, me?" the good man cried, lifting his hat, Grandfather' me?. I hadn't thought of that." -'-Harper' s Weekly; For the '" Exponent. ' NEVER COME ' ' TOKEN." "SHALL .: - MESSAGE Jn. ; OR to-da- Shall never come message or token, ; Ne'er a sound to break silence dread Nor one tender word breathed or spoken, Assuring that love is not (lead? ' . - .. - I 1 1 VV . Ah! somewhere the sun must be shining, Som ewh ere, tho now hidden from sight, And tho' we see not through the darkness, I I I I . 1 1 l" X. 1 - . " . ,1. . We know that beyond there is light. In hope, we'll wait on thro' the gloaming, To"w vorcTepJfes'w-'Ofbre- y ion mountains Towards the far away snow-capp- ed .' And over its shadowy vale, Goes forth the sad cry, but the echo I Weird, mournful," returns on the gale. I wait in the gloaming of eve'ing, Her bright banners iade into hlue. I question, can love that was golden Fade and die from heart leal and true? . . salutes thee,' 'Baby BeHr "Mother and child, thank God, are doing well'', 7 A moment's silence on ,the proud twain fell. grand-daught- er, er , At arm's length holding in his trembling hand The crisp, white sheet, while he the writing scanned,' Thea read once more with voice almost unmanned. Zh Thy Special meeting at tho meeting 'houso May 20, 1 889, President E. Brown presiding. After as well, as they the,,mPiher.jould.boe Todd. singing, prayer wa3 offered ,: the children. who : President are the ones Youteach SingingL'Now' let us rejoice." President" ago ngsaid many- years Brown announced the presence of tho visiting we had is silk in these elements." If 1'there sisters, viz: President Zina D. Young, also hi9 counsel in regard to it wo could President Mary John and Counselor Slarilla obeyed have produced half a million in silk. By in Daniels, of Utah Stake. The. secretary then dustry tho children should learn to Know tnoread' the minutes of the previous meeting. valub of a dollar. Sisters, studv human naPresident John; "! her are many subjects l A 'lt n fl ni : s n a nf rftiii" enna orrl in livo an -- we could important speak'upouWe let yo'ung people be young, assist in us and it tobe time, prayeriul and daughters,amusement for, them half of our requires that-tv- e may escape the making diligent continually troubles in controlling our children are caused intho will come calamities that upon great When I meet so many of habitants of the earth. The ladies', journal, through ignorance. sisters who have lived pure.lives my our the Exponent, is not supported by us a3 it heartaged swells with gratitude, and though I should be. This is a valuable paper and the never was a Methodist, I feel like shouting price has been reduced to $100 per year. hosannah to God. I am proud of the Saints. Counselor M. Daniels: "This is the first Senator Wise, in Tisiting the large taber-ro- o "the with had of have I meeting opportunity And vipwinrrn the o lifted hia rrand oriran. to .iv sisters of this placerrThe; first hymn sung eshn.t and said. ''Surelv this is not the work of a . pecially, is full of inspiration; these old hymns degraded people." While visiting in Provo bring up happy reminiscenses of the early scenes with an Eastern lady wc called at the B. Y. are in this Church. Our persecutions and she was surprised tcrseo aich of a different nature to those endured by the Academy, here and remarked Saints in the rise of this Church. Let lis meet advantages tho young, men. . upon the fine appearance everything bravely, striving to perform our Strangers feel the presence of the purity and duty with diligence, then it makes no difference virtue shed forth among this people, now if we what our trials are, whether we live or die, it UP 10 me jruspt;i iruias 11. win unug.ua 10 i will be well with U3. Many of our sisters are live rnr-i ;. i im i.iiiidu II Trt, ii mry-an- ! rorttrrirm. uT of "let under therod afliictiori; help passing c?pI' in PTPrrisfi faith to be healed, nurse ...with them and extend - to them1 the charity which "is herbs, and that not by the hand of an the true love of God. Our mission is to cheer .mild., and comfort each other, read good books and dition the truths wo hear will be brought to our infbrm our minds that we may act intelligently, remembrance. Sisters, do not get discouraged, encourage the young to read the Church works DtiAnMnnf VAnnff lioa onJrl tlmf tr tlin rnal ca!nf f nr trio andbecomrfTfttf h ttj-v il. b thon aa fvII i IIA inrv rr 111 ii. II li MM'H Ll J' l w t M . r. llll frmn iUVlv people. had. Let us cease speaking evil of President Z. D. Young: Very few faces do already one another, and from all lightmindedness, I recogniz3 but we are all kindred spirits. loud laughter, etcv We find the most beautiful Paul says: " When I was a child I spake as a rules on etiquette laid down in the Doctiino child, I understood as a child, I thought as a and. Coven ants. , .. , . a became when I but manrl puraway: child; Bishop Brown said he had been highly childish things." We must become perfect entertained in listening to the wise instructions even as our Father in heaven is perfect. -n of- the -- sister&rtlieyr Hke 'BTotKer "JolepFsaid" This is weakness in addressing gospel includes the organization of the sisters." and proper, we should lean upon tho You should meet together as often as twice a right for-IIis Lord Spirit to guide usr God says the month, as we are too apt to grow cold if we micsirm of woman is to bear the souls of men. Sisters when have meetings. monthly only What a erand mission to bear ! - Teaching and you are necessitated to leave an office ask to bo in theirminds the seeds of eternal honorably released. I do not like the word Tmpianting life, the influence of the rriother stays with the resign; this 13 a retrograde word. life; if these impressions are The spirits of all those persons who held the child through i3 wrong, that likely to be the character of tho priesthoodinany dispensation, arc prepared, man or wonian. In my mission, too, I found tor tho mission in the spirit world, then how the most devout Elders with unbelieving wives necessary is. the proper care of our bodies, that unable to bring their children into the Church, the progress of the spirit may not be retarded while if the. mother is the. believer and the by being placed in a weakly tabernacle. Our father not, the opposite is the restlt: The most mode of dress has much to do with our health, of this organization is to look we want to learn how to breathe, did you ever important duty after the poor and afflicted, also to elevato and think of that? Notice the difference in breathprepare the rising generation to bear off the ing when we undress to retire; tight lacing is trinfrdnm. The honest and UDnVhLof: ihn . i V to come to beiiold her beauty .ion will wotM ' Sister Zina said mapy of our brethren say and intelligence. ; that the trial of imprisonment is not so great made Brown E. remarks: President closing as .what their families endure in their absence. endeavor to live by the light we receive The finest flour is ground ;the hardest. If we JLet us to time. can acknowledge the hand of God in all from time zzSinging The::Spirife t)f GodzlikeraTrfinTis " thinflr thence isTour 7 Benediction by Bishop' Brown. : cise, faith to endure persecution, The Lord burning. will cause the wrath of man to praise Him. The'sceneat;Sjster TaylorV:rgrave'lnv ihe.:.ab-.- . LSocrales called beauty a shortJiyed tyranny; sence of her Eusband was a sadone, though II do not like to live in the past only as it reflects Plato, a privilege of nature; Theophrastus, a 6ilent- cheaieocritU3f. a delightfulpreiadicet-XJarneades- , sunshine upen the future. Sisters do encourage a solitary kmgdom; Jomitian said the younggirls to attend , their - meetings"!! o" in not puff thelildreh7up pride, l)ut rather that nothing wa3 jnore grateful; Aristotle afwrite proper thoughts upon the tablets of their firmed that beauty was better than all the letsouls. Girls, do not be in too big a hurry to ters of recommendation in the world; Homer, that 'twas a glorious gift of nature; and Ovid, leave the primary.. The young ladies' associations are very important as its members are alluding to him, calls it a favor bestowed by the keyHo pur coming nation. A certain chief the gods.- - IWm tlre Ita!ia?u by-Eld- The clock within rangjbrthjhechime far" eight, "A message? Read it quick how can you wait?'' Her husband, smiling, leaned upon the gate ; caused the young men of his tribeYo be highly educated, but the pext 'generation had no semblance of the education of their fathers. PLEASANT GRO.V.&- - - -- r We know there must come a morning. Where love reigns supreme evermore, "' ' ' i.i -L. M. Hew'lings. . the-Saints- .... . . . nitn. if ATitrn . DEDICATED TO 1 HE HUSBAND AND FAMILY Of MRS. .: ELIZA FOX. , ::y - Our mother has gone to her long peaceful rest, the blest: : Angels have borne her to the tome-o- f Loved ones will receive her where friendships are ,.. rife, y:Tr Our beloved one has passed from death unto life. - Then why should we mourn her? Let God's will be " donel The Lord has released her, the battle is won; Oh, would we recall her earth's pains to endure . Our motherso noble, unselfish and pure? , very-injurious- Her afflictions are o'er; . Recall her? O nol theHutuTe'HnTtore;" Our FatbeTrHeicnows-wh- at Perhaps He has called her some trial to spare, is finished, she has suffered her Mothers's earth-wor- k . share. : It seems in mind's vision, we almost can see Thy spirit so bouyant, so happy and free; Thy hand in thy guide's as he softly says 'come, '' And opens the gates to tby teautifuThoiae. 7 rE Our minds reach out farther, we see thee within And Frankie, thy daughter, Impatient to win From thy lips, the news thou hast brought of her boy The vision is closed; we leave thee with thy joy. R. m; Fox. -- CT- - ' -- ... God grant we may live ici her footprints to tread, That when we've completed our work 'twill be said As we say of her, "thou hast done thy work well, j i ' -- : ? Thy glory and honor no mortal can, tell.' -; " - i 