40 of the. Utah . fj Mrs. Wells read the. s W. S. 'A., and it was . moved, seconded and 11 M some the same7.with that carried slight changes., torial' writer the quality .Ipfjlevptipn Joljier. ot as the ban I'ete the be in doin faithfulness workandLconfcientiou8 adopted Deseret Hoj .. i ' A. S. Co., W. her duty at'its best. Having unusual facilities in the the above, I in instructions It was also moved seconded and carried, spital for practical a Women in journalism are particularly sen- class, September SOth. A will commence W. S. A., be. an auxiliSan the Pete which that Co., work a in inherent fible oflhe will be available in' pleasures j limited number v W. 8. A. the Utah or of hundreds to influence "of is a means ary the hospital with wages. thousands of. people; they areJiot less aware of , 31 rs. u Yells expressed an earnest hope that j Students can learn and earn at the game time. Period of Study, six mouths, consisting of two the various difficulties in its path, more or less this1 cause will be well supported in San Pete acute according to the social and professional Co., and that all members and friends will terms. T Forfurther information please communicate positioning the character of thethejournalist . bv i letter immediately. .n i li: Eastern mm i The wife of a governor of one of I F Couxse- States, meeting a young woman reporter, as been made bv the friends of woman in the J3 aVT.IX, governors' wives anl presidents' wives are apt east to prevent the outrageous proceeding of. 1 of the Utah of women the kindness: much with said to Franchise, to do, her, Resident Physican, Deseret Hospital. "My" robbiug t t i t .1. nan Deen in nave ior peaceaDie possession dear, I jiear.mstf you l just enier.ou upon alter tney that so long as men seventeen as a I Opined whisper years. profession. May journalism one little piece of counsel in- your ear? Do shall retain, their magnificent physrcia10rgaii-zations'an- d not be easily downhearted, and trjrnot to show proportions, and women their instincts there need be no fear that sensitiveness. Men object to women as cowo men wil 1 ever take a way any of. th e rights workers on account of their quickness to'take offence atlrlflcs. Show your superiority over of men. Said we only need our own on fair and equal terms Was satisfied that no less jthe occasional disappointments of refused contributions, and be of manly courage." The than ten thousand men in Utah believe in necessity of giving plain statements' pi tacts Equal Suffrage. is often a trial to the imaginative woman jourChairman, Mrs. Young, said the women of . ATT. nalist, but no field Of literature offers a better Utah could not be- accused of any stain of in their -- use of the ballot. They means of training in accurate expression than wrong-doinheld, used, and valued that right,-- for the journalism. good they could do themselves, their sons and daughters, and humanity in general. We WOMAN'S MASS MEETING IN SAN hope' to regain this inestimable right; and in r some deeree help other women to earn it The ar - u arterly m eeting - was to ,5 According previous call and appointappointed lor Friday, J u tie- 23, 1 889. a number of ment, large the ladies of" Manti, No further business being presented, a moassembled on the 20th of .June, 188910 ortion to adjourn wa3 carried, the audience sang ganize themselves into a Suffrage Association. Doxology, and closing prayer was offered by .UNION TICKET OFFICE, " Besides the ladies, a few influential citizens Irs. iMary Ann Hyde of Spring City. ' . .. i. i i t were preseui w.no evmceu a m xnciNDAJUDALTON, SecT-pTote" i the proceed ngs, al lh oughTtlTey took no formal C. E. INGALiS, , j. V. PARKER, in them. Audience sang, part Gen. Pass. Agt. Div. Pass. Agt. The roses of pleasure seldom last, long "Guide Us, Oh. Thou Great Jehovah.'' enough to adom th Mrs. Rebecca Wareham offered prayer. them, and they are the only rosea which do not ' Audience Hang, return their sweetness after they have lost their beauty. Eart2i With Her Ten Thousand . ' Mr. Henry James may possess but one quality in common with the book reviewer or the edi- By-Law- By-La. . tions of-posi- -- i I - . I.' ... . $saoa tt, Romania . - ' - -- xoa-tem- al ximu - - to g PRINCIPAL POINTS EAST, WEST,' firtrgu 1 NORTH and SOUTH - . ' warm-interes- m; . RKTH OMAi - - . Flowers," . Francis Minor, of the St Louis, Mo:, bar, Mrs.; E. B. Wells of "Salt Lake City, stated has brought out & pamphlet arguingithat the object of .the meeting to be the organizawomen have the right to vote for members of tion of an association of women - of all ages, Congress under" the U. S. Constitution. It is lor purposes of improving ourselves in matters entitled ''An Argument in Support of -- the literary, formal, social and political especially r : Law oiFederal SuffVage in that or all b ra u eheT bf pol i tics, ' wh icb? touch on woman's condition and interests in The International Congress of Woman's and her state of disfranchisement in Eights, held general, recently, reported the 7 " particular. nam eofJEI izabetlLCady-- Bt anton Ilonorary-Preside-nt Mrs. Zina D. Your.cr of Salt Lak for America, Irs. May O Wright chosen temporary chairman, and Mrs. Jucinda of Sewall, Indiana, was present as one of the L. Da ton of Manti, temporary secretary. !' Mrs. Belva A. delegates from America. xue name m oan reie v., woman cullrage Lockwood, of Washington was in atteudance Association was --adopted, and the following and also attended the Peace Congress. named ladies nominated and sustained as officers of the permanent organization. OBITUARY Mrs... Ellen Jakemau, President ' Mrs. Esther S. Anderson of Manti,, First It is our' sad duty to chronicle the death of our mrh . EMli E EMPOBIUM SALT-LAK- CITY. E - The, in-Fran- - : Leading Retail - .... Vice-Pmidentr-Mrs.- TeT5ved T Mrs. Tina M. Ephraim,Second Mt. Erickson, of Pleasant, Third Vice PresiMiss dent; Mary Ann Frantzen, of Spring City, Fourth Vice President; Miss Clarrisa Miss Fauxj of Moroni, Fifth t. "Augusta bwalberg. ot Uunnison, Sixth Mrs, SarahKvVorhees, of Manti, Secretary; Mrs; :uei ndlt gPaltoii "oQiahtj Vice-Presiden- t: : . Vice-Presiden- t; Vice-Presiden- : CorrcspondingSecretary. MrslMargareVKjar of Manti, Treasurer. - , . Executive Committee: Jlrs. Catharine Brown Chainnari;rip.Belle 3ee3rfsr Blargarlt Sloan, Mrs. Mary Luke, Mrs. Sarah P. Rey' nolds : B. :Well3 - read the. Constitution of the National W.' S. A., and it was mpved - Mrs-E- . : seconded and cajried that the same be adopted &3 the Constitution of the San Pete W.'S. A. x' c, sierJanrRlchse demise took place July lingering IUness of six months duration, Sister Jane was the wife of Prest. Thos. E. Ricks of Bannock Stake and was n her "4Sth year at the time of her death. Her many friends miss her companionship for she was all Jthat constitutes a true woman, gentle and kind in her do mestic circle, she was all that a fond mother-cou- ld possessed of exceeding great faith caused her to withstaiid acute suffering she under-wen- t in order that she unto cleae her family as long as possible. I Ier might was as parting peaceful as though quietly faWg asleep; a few hours previous to breathing her last, she called her children around: her bed sld and all was done calmly and serenely knowing that the moment had come for separation. Sister Jane was an emplary Latter Day Saint in all things aad. died as she had "ever lived. She was an active member of the Relief ,Socie!y ' occupying the position of a teacher, Your sister in the cause of truth T ISLafter:-- a be-Bein- g Sp ecial to the Ladies. AT TEASDEL'S Will found be th llateststyles and pioductlons " LACES, RUCIIES, SEMBRODERI FAKS, GLOVES, PARASOLS ' RIBBONS, COLLARS TIES zzz::iiz.L. And,att:legantbrtmenf of-- " ID E IT, (3- - Special demrtmftnf. fn O OBSt. . rif t.0o0 gahiS"gd;coser , "' ':' ' Ann Rigby. JDTXID 'T-Ll- 25 E3 Col TIflfJERS CAS.WATER & STEAM FITTERS for RtlMSEY PUMPd. Pumps Re Daired nn -- hw .tM tho country promptly responded to. - . . K JAKS3. 88 3:s. SILT UI2 ' T7. " 