WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 134 more his native bantry. Let us hope his sen ted befbreathe con ference and s listained . town and it don't take many mmu tea to pass horses-arwoods." the houses anil enter the Vl&raraes' are sweet where he quietly sleeps on The Prest. C. LayFon and Patriarch JMerrill occuhill-side while But we and as exhileraied as under the qep snow. are, they canter the pied the remainder of the afternoon, instruc-tin- g on at a great pace, makiog the snow fly in our I've been moralizing;. ve have entered a dense. the sisters... iu their .various duties; were face?;- the desire to laughis irresistible' and fores , and . the sun shin i rig th rough the' I again pleased to know that the poor were cared for; -i fKn" difft-ret branches 0 f the Socie f y to" now ff i a zz if a oury3-Wi.- ti neai arter nea lee i oeia owntn eroar stmw jaiien-iirancn- es, . -i i are passing through an avenue of trees of such the xrlitter of nature's diamonds. At length" lend aiitne aui tney couiII in assisting r the great ejze and height, I'll not make you stare we have reached the turning point here is the Indian missionaries iu their labors. Amon'onow, pray be careiul Mr. Driver, and other remarks said: "YV should ,'ba humble by guessing even how many hundred feet high saw-mi-ll; some of them are; but how close and straight don't upset us in that snow bank; now waijLfor and prayerful at all times, thii' w? mar wield gu a n n mey grow,uie-seuune- i3 ioreis, ione,mumeiiLanu let lis iook about ana taKe m an influence! for good over our hiiibuihU ta from the ruthless hand of man; but, ah ! they long inspirations of this delicious air,iso sons. We are left to ourselves, and iu conseare not stroug enough for that, even in their freighted with balsamic odors and health; quence of this, many are flaunting in the pomp thmk ofspruce gum and be happy; look at the and pride of the world; it is therefore necessary mighty for His anil his shoulderl his ax over "sharp eve that we"i?eek" di I igen t ly" to" keep Hi e com m aiTd'-- " great log? ami see wh al To vely graiul thosecedar marking the hildiest andTmightiest monarch plan ks show. Hurry, on, for it won't do to let ments of God, that we may gain an inheritance " ,,,.,1, his ikill, and-her- e the hordes get cool now, so we must face the i n FT i. of the forest, on which ow we are in s5ght of a clarin made byhis wind and away on the homeward stretch. The presidents of the various branches were brawny arms; there 13 his JittJe cabin with the Surelv it is raining as we come out of the instructed to keep on hand material for clothsmoke curling gracefully up from the chimney, . . depth s of the timber, but no;. we are only ing the dead. How funny the passing through the clouds which are resting into the pureHlfear air. Conference adjourned, for three months. with o' "Tarn shanters" of in the little valley. Thehorses seem to Benediction by Bishop John Tajdor. stumps look, capped jcorn ' v rakish snnvv. nn one areeririPnver sidp. C. M. GustafsON, Sec. ,., Sfime 'terra firma," and fairly fly, now they tuin o j as in a 'tipsey-stuc- k were toward home,, one instant we are in among the though they up style, more or cut SAN JUAN ' STAIvE, badly properly speaking, cut trees, where the light grows dim and then up, Here .we are, in sight of the loveliest dazzled with the -- lights on the snow. Tuck dowri The Relief Society of the San Juan Stake green grove of pines, and such a pretty bit of the furs closer around vou: nownuicklv we held their conference at Bluff, Nov. 27th, 1888, valley with the river winding through, and all came over that stretch of road past the "Gold: about us mountains; mountains of. green, some e,n King Mill" and the long line of flume. Prest. Jane M. Walton presiding. Choir sang, "The Prayer by Prest. Hamjust silvered with "the beautiful," whilein the .Through the last bit of woods" and hers is mond. Coniiug Day.""Devotional A Singing, Hymn." distance o'ertopping all covered with the "Sunset Peak" showing his numbor of the ?bre,thrn were present, pines which stand like sheeted ghosts; their summit with the last ray3 of the setting sun goodly including Prest. F. A. Hammond and Countips just catch the sun's rays, and are crowned hanging like a halo round his hoary head. selors, and the Bishops of the Mancos, Burn-hawith the delicate roseate glow that artists Again the streets. of the town and the warm and Bluff Wards, Prest MoiselleiL Halls, strive in vain to du plicate. Now we are 11 ear-- , glo f th e fire seen - through the windows of aud Mary N. Jones, of the Stake Presidency innr another natch of woods and onlv the rosv the cottage on "Gold Hill." . O j clouds; that hang above that, mountain, hold I hardly knew I wa3- - cold; yet the of the Y. L. M. I. A.; also Prest. Julia Butt, Why, TTnro rlirri nnr? eitcnfr iho t(va rf tfiP ennsKiMP Prist, of the Primary. thought of--a warm -- fire is most agreeable and btake Prest. Walton hoped to be dictated by the is this forest; no sign of life save that we bring; such an appetite as I have brought back for but, 0, the picture! How beautiful. See, how dinner; may good digestion wait on it, is all I right spirit while sho endeavored to address, the undergrowth of young trees ancj shrubs ask. Certainly our cheeks are rosier and our the conference. Considered it a great blessing are covered with filmy veils of lace. Verily spirits lighter tor the ride. I hope it has been to have the privilege of holding Relief Society ' conference. It made her heart feel warm to Jack Frost thou art a dazzling genius; no lace a pleasant one for you. see the sisters; felt that the Spirit of God had webl that Royal Trosseaux can showy can comWoodina. oeen witn us during our conierence so lar. pare with the intricate, delicate patterns here. Murray, Idaho. Jan. 25, 1889. Knew of a surety that. every principle ofthe Doesn't it look as if we might lift the frost f rom that Gospel was true; would rather die than deny the young pine, as easily as the veil from R. S , Y. L. M. i. A. & P. A. REPORTS. truth. the face of a blushiug bride! Minutes of the" former conference were then Still we race on. Ah here is indeed a deread and accepted. ST. JOSEPH STAKE. serted village; but not of the Goldsmith type. 2 , :i Prest the Stevens Burnnam of Ward, cabins doors with stand low The Abigal log hospitably The quarterly conference of the Relief Sosaid it gave her pleasure to report her Society. open, yet no sign of. life, within or without. the St. Joseph Stake of Zioii convened of ciety sisters felt well and uhitediheyheld one. Look at that queer sign, the letters formed of November: President 31strl888 atJIhatchcr, 13 it ? It Will mirth East presiding. On the stand, of7 testimony and two work meetings each month. quartz specimens, "Assay" Office Desired to( continue faithful and true to the must have been some artistic chap who held the Stake authorities, Prest. Christopher Lay-to- n end. V forth there. No ruddy glow.come3 forth from Counselors. and singMeeting opened by Sister Neilsoa reported the Bluff Ward Sothe cavernous depths of yon black-smit"Once more welcome before Thee, Lord. ing, Said the sisters had done a3 well as cietyshop door, nor sound of music , from the silent offered by Patriarch Philemon Merrill. Prayer could he expected, owing to their few numanvil. O, look ! a covey of partridges just Minutes of conference read and apprevious ber. If we, will listen to the teachings and ahead; what pretty creatures, and fco odd with also the Stake and local reports. proved; instructions of those in authority we will be their bright Well, Well; here are After the presidents had reported their realized there was a great mission for. the the remnants otthe once flourishing mining various Bro Merrill, by request, gave a blest; wards, : sisters to perform. town of Eagles a corner grocery, a saloon bebrief report of the St. 'David $ociety7 there Prest.-Waltothen resigned her position a3 with hotel attachments, a cottage here and no lady representative of that ward ing Prest of the Bluff Ward, as she had moved Three -there, that looks as though inhabited T': present. from that place. Prest. F. A. Hammond men with pipes in their mouths and hands in iCou n. a time short spoke a few their pockets, staring in -- a surprised wary mtr on the- - dutie-oj- ;" honorably released her, and then-ma- de mothers in theirs f training needed explanations. our appearance; several yelping dogs surround children in the principles of the Gospel. "We Coun. Moiselle Halls reported the Mancos us as we stop for an instant, and some forlorn should be more diligent in teaching them to chickeiis are huddled under thjed ger of the attend the Society; said the sisters felt more united than etc. Primaries," j at dast conference; held testimony and, . work saloon porch, and a 'still forlorner Woman-peerin- g till 2 p. m. Benediction Meeting adjourned meetings-- : regularly; . were storing u p. grain. through the ,wind"owf are the only life by Coun. Win. Johnson. j "The teachers are very diligent" to be seen. Afternoon session: Opened with singing and Crack the whip and away we go, for the Bishop Nielson felLto return Sister Walton is said: "It the manifesta- a vote of jthanks; knew she .had done a good prayer.. Prest. East show is like glass and the road in fine condie : 1 1 1 1 I l A. vvi-li- pd n . . -- - 1 1 . g-tn- e. fo-sh- ." : 1 . snow-crowne- d m w-o- , , :: . -- h top-knot- s. . ; 3Iary-LRanso- me ? .worknd4ia4-bnerykind4c-theLsic" fro in. thejiations of the earth, and it i3 left our valley, where they raise the finest straw berries in the; world Jor size and flavor, and with U3 to be subject to the priesthood of God "praties" which, wTiile we deprecate their size, that is 'placed upon the earth to guide us; it is as poor old Mike said "they're maley Major, only the faithfu that will stand the tests, etc; it is therefore necessary that we seek diligently ain't they raaley, though?" Here we are at "OFd Mikes" cabin, where he for the Spirit of God to lead us in the paths of was found some weeks back by some men, sick right and rectitude. I am proud to represent and alone, too farTgonlfTd lielp" iheWomenlirZion; and pray IKalX niayeverT be"found faithfurin T tlie performance of my they hroughrhiiirto to wu" for, poorWld chap, '. he was quite a character and had 'foine duties." V' - ; The Stake and local officers were pre- dhrames" as he once told us of visiting once I 1 ' - k. The Society at Bluff was then organized follows: a3 Kisten Nielson, President; - Agnes Allen and Eliza Redd, Counselors; Jennie Al-.- : . lenSecretaryfOrdella AllenTreasurer. T Prest. Hammond moved that Sister Kisten Nielson be honorably released from acting .ftrst Counselor to the Stake President. Martha Hammond was then sustained as First and Josephine Wood as Second Counselor to Prest. Jane Walton." : The general and local officers of the. Relief ; 