... 1 7 r. f 1 lJ JlN " - ' ; ' j A8. . -- " - ' 1. lIEPHZIUAir rights to worn children, to wash dishes, patch, darn, mend 0,1 have served my;timCat these glorious : -- "Truth is stranger than fiction."" occupations, and know whereof I speak. It is customary for "the lords of creation "in When the artist would paint a picture an argument with women, to quote Paul rather whether it is to be ideal, or friunjaatujfl Extensively. Paul says if a woman lack wishe collects ""material, draws an outline sketch, dom" &c. Paul says "it is a shame" &c. Yes itasJie proceeds with his work, touch I know it is a shame, and- - we feel the shame-fulnes- s coloring it here and there, viewing it id all lights, of our position as .relegated - to us by Jng -- or according to his iaucy, the men, and ashamed of our backwardness in Shading, it a softening making study and an art. Ho asserting - the privileges God intended U3 to material to work with, and also his own . enjoyr delicate " sense of the beautiful to aid him in . I am aware that "Paul" says a great many his pleasant task. It is the exquisite taste and good things, and now.let.us ask, Who-skill," with which he combines and links to Paul? In the rst place Paul was a Roman, gether substances "with thoughts, that give second 'an educated lawyer, third he was a beauty' and tone to. the picture. .bachelor aswe learn-fro- m readings 1st. Gor., - The author" hasT'uo such" actual helps in 7th Chap. 7th and 8th verses, fourth he tells beautifying and embellishing his work? it is us-- in his defence before Agrippa that he was simply all thoughts, intermingled with fancies "raised a Pharisee" in the' strictest sense of the or remembrauces, perhaps faint as shadows. , word, and last we know, he did not enjoy that These blended with realities form the pen-pic- constant and elevating association with Jesus, tii re, but the design is only in the mind, and "v which the other apostles were privileged to enail the solid work must be done by his own which might have softened, or slightly brain. Ideas emanating largely from fancy joy, and, ameliorated his views toward women. Men also wrought into pictures of real life, but all in a quote Peter where he says "Wives obey your very imperceptible form, until they are, by the husbands even as Sarah obeyed Abraham." delicate and diligent aid of the author, caught How did Sarah obey. iUaharn?JVereadJhat lin their airy-fligand placed rjn paper bythe Sarah wanted Abraham to do something that helpful aid of pen and ink. . was "very grievous" to him, and that God said It is aN picture of this kind the writer now unto him, "In all that Sarah hath said unto undertakes to sketch. The planning, designthee, hearken unto her voice," and Abraham ing ..and , embellishing, all has to be done in did accordingly; comment is unnecessary. We the mind's eye ere it is engraven on paper.. will pass by many of the generous, forgiving The materials are only fragments culled from orn Jesus to of the women men and defaced tablets, woven sayings .brotherly memory-w' aeM -- Under those trees I've sauntered to and ;fro, " " In search of hidden gems of precious thought, ' Perchance some wayward fancies all aglow Have been in chains of measur'd rhythm caught, For rustling leaves,- - and sighing boughs have stirred The depths of love.no living voice hath heard. ' L . No. - any My dear old garden I still I call it mine; J. , , " And mine it, is, for in Its grateful shade Of ev'ry tree and shrub, and fldw'ring vine, My children and my children's children play'd. , Round these my aching heart instinctive clings, , And they to me are sweet and tender things. ... .. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, JUNE" 1, 1889. THE.DEARQLnGARDEN. o : yThe Rights 'of.the Women of Zion, and the Rights of the Women of all Nations. Vol. Ji - -- bas-posi-tiv- e . w And here young lovers, plighted vows have given, And sealed them with the first fond ling'ring loss, That hallows love, and makes earth seem a heav'n, A sweet enchanted dream of rapt'rous bliss When two pure hearts in confidence and truth, Unite their joys and hopes in early youth. These trees and shrubs, and ev'ry bush and vine, We've watched from tiniest seed and stem- Why then should I not always call them mine? For in my heart of hearts I treasure them. No matter how neglected now they be ' to me. They were a part of my home-lif- e - , Yes, I remember sitting there so well, With baby in my arms and children round; And a sweet pealfehung o'er me like a spell, While the white blossoms flutter'd to the ground; For the young apple trees were just in bloom,. ' And we were breathing in Iheir sweet perfome. " ht " O, uuw" the childish voices loud and clear, Rang out in laughter and in merry song; No wonder that to me the place is dear, 'To which so many memories belong, 07vouid those days but come to me again 'Twouli ease my heart of all this racking pain, . . tioning only two. of-Maryla- O, little ones, 'mong. the long tangled grass, Where butter cups and clover nestled down; Or like a shadow flitting as you pass, To gather hollyhocks in "silken gown." Or pull the morning glories from the vine Which gaily round the fav'rite tree entwine. And honey suckles fragrant were and fair, And on them humming birds swung to and fro, But something fairer, sweeter still was there; A little maiden, singing soft and low; O, that melodious voice we hear no more, . Save in our dreams, it echoes o'er and o'er. ' WOMAN'S-INFLUEN- Editor Exponent: n-- 4h -- - . w. 0E7 , read ei imagtna together .wxth .the.nnenu tion in the golden loom of fancy. If tho picture be Jrue to life, there will be some heavy dark shading, yet here and there a ray, of sunlight with mellow tinges; occasionally a storm will sweep over the scene and from its very intensity will be almost perceptible; then, too, there will be singing birds, and babbling brooks, and - murmuring seas with tides coming in, and many things odd and strange, yet withal some touches of pathetic sweetness; the holy calm of summer twilight, mooulight scenes, and stars peeping out in thp distance, like bright harbingers oft future hope. Whatever of a study the story may be, it will 7 be more real than ideal, more American than foreign, more; modern than antique, and the :readers:; interest mayrthus :be somewhat lnten Jesus answerdr"Sfartha7fartharthl)urrcare ful and troubled about many things. But one thing is needful Mary hath chosen the better part and it shall not be taken away from her.": Why was Mary's presence so desirable in the parlor? Her vivacity, her sallies of wit, her buoyant spirits, her gaiety, her sprightliness, her dignified demeanor,' the depths,, of. her reasoning" powers," all lent a charm", when sified. A village nestled down among the hills, mingled with the more sober'aspect of those devout men, that they were loth to dispense With quaint old fashion'd houses low and brown; she was fact in the life of that f And: picturelike some old neglected mills, with; light and In days gone by, the pride of all the town. august company. Follow Him to the cross, and were not some the iniand to wns" of"the :l(TBay7r of his latest expressions of thoughtful tender Staterialf 'a century ago, there was situated ness, addressed to the uwnenl an exceedingly romantic little tillage, jA. rural Again, at the tomb, on the morn of His picture, nestled down among the rocky hills in resurrection1. Who was the first person ad? a hollow, that had once been a thickly wooded del- l- Around it on the South and West rose !.dtessidJbyimL: the first mimon to "Tell the glad tidings." A gentle undulating fields where; sleek7cattle woman ! I expect in these last days to again grazed, sheep nibbled, and .young calves and hear of Women being sent to "tell the glad J amb3 frisked and . gamboled " in innocent glee, : for very joy of living. .Wild flowers tidings," when He comes again. And let the women prepare themselves for ia shady nooks and by the wind ing brooks; this glorious call, it will surely come when northward it was sheltered by a heavy timbered Jesus does. And may it be my happy lot to woodland, that rose steep and high; and trees be found with jnyamririramed and -- burnings the growth of centuries stood in their proud is the prayer of a woman who i3 still in her, magnificence, the monarchs of the. lorest. Hard maple, oak, birch, and pine, grew there A;J3. C,s. 1 889. March 8tVrl 15LgriM abundance and from these leafy woods - . My garden 1 when the world was dark and cold, And troubles gather'd thickly round my way;-- I wander'd there my feelings to unfold, 'Twas there I knelt upon the ground to pray. In that old garden thro' the maze of years I scan life's pages blur'd with mists of tears. : E. B. 7 7 7 77i7: :777:- atthe When He tarried Mar tha7ramonTy"a Mar tha house but am endeavoring to prepare myself to fall the sphere of a Mary) Martha being relegated to the kitchen, with a heavy task before her as Jesus seldom traveled alone, and in all probability the company to be entertained was a large one, and doubtless a hungry one, and Martha being "cumbered with much serving" asked Jesus to send Mary to assist her. And Tita M still alive and striving, with unabated energy, to do all the goocbthat lies in their power Our President, Sister Wareham, said tolme "write" and v I will endeavor to acquiesce to , her wishes. The pen wielded by a competent hand, is "mightier than the sword," but in my feeble grasp, and with my crude ideas may not amount to much more than a last year,s bird's nest. I am as I think all women should be much interested in the question of Woman's emancipation. How slow men are to concede - - ". "In-one-- of . -- , " . . ' i- - 