WOMAN'S "'EXPONENT. 151 Cer- of those who are weak, and if we truly loved without our ever exerting ourselves, one another we would be more willing to do tainlv' not. He. expects us to apply our minds to srain knowledge and understand- 'He that writes, this;- - .butiinstead of such being - the case, Or malces a feast, more certainly invites -rage- - irigrtrdeek-liligently:afrTwisdmany-are , t it;- readyr to pull down i i. those who are using their est endeavors to "a poem was given nfc," you will hear one say. But will find something wanting, or benefit the world of mankind, and often crush" It was certainly expected you would polish it There 13 perhaps not aclass of people in the the one who is then. As well say the marble cut from the " struggling world who' are more severely criticized than' when reach out and help him; a quarry is the Lord's work, and we shall mar they might writers; anddvHsabout to say, they are the little influence" to ' support one in making an it if we attempt to shape or polish it I suffer most and most under it;? that earnest effort to develope his gifts is" most would advise the young author to do his work sensitive, . behowever do not assert it as welcome," and the I wrong, may of the receiver J3 well, to "review and revise,, and let his'friends gratitude. positive. We hear remarks 0 for it is always more blessed judge, and even then not be disappointed' if recompense, ample thing like these: "There are too many books;" the publishers should return it to fyim. Do to give than to receive. "There are too many scribl6rajyh6Tabcylih.ey. - I know it is said true ne ver write again-- beeause - not feel that you-ca- n genius jcan write, who bush their works unon the 1nub- and - rise-- triu mphan tly Jn4he your first manuscript;, was rejected; many of difficulty every is world lull "The of them, we don't lie;" emergency, 'but unless the genius has those who are now the best writers of the day want so much rhyming" and scribbling, we greatest ah indomitable will, or destiny has given him have had this experience. Sing, your song, want real poetry and prose, worth -- careful- a cheer and elevate yourself if no other, particular mission to fill, such" will not of reading; most geniuses nave nau and some poor lone one may listen andbe eeessity sentiment, and eloquent arid brilliant expresare not capable of comforted thereby. men or women of influence, who have patrons, sion; not so many common place writers."; All them forward, for true merit is modest reaching the highest notes, make as much brought this is very discouraging, to the young, to the and melody as possible on the lower OLes, abd besides, geniuses are rarethey retiring, who must first trj, his 7 skill and are1 like beginner, diamonds but thereare a leave the! higher for more cultivated or daring precious in the of strength path literature; I know some quantity of other gems, and people with one "songers; but be sure and sing; )Tour heart will should keep the first efforts to talent or two are much more common in this will be expanded by the notes you strike, and themselves, but the writer is not a-- good critic, world than those gifted with ten. others may hear and be gladdened he cannot possibly judge, without prejudice in The humble daisy blossoming By the wayEvery human soul wants some development favor of his own work; of course he should and one day we shall become more side cheers the weary traveler, and ha3 but some one else mentally, revise, correct and admirers a3 the gayrst flower that alive to this truth. In the Gospel there must be the judger The world is not made up fully blooms in the garden; so it often is with the is full scope for this development if it were unin of geniuses, fact they are very fev?v and derstood. There are many superior advantages homely writer, he blesses the io.vIy and the those few are often in need of a balance. If for the Latter-daSaints that will, when comhumble; they comprehend and Appreciate him; only literary geniuses produced Jbooks and prehended, more fully satisfy the yearnings of his simple language isrnusic to them and they , writings, the world would be scantily. provided the human soul. laugh; at the critics, who deem hi3 efforts a with literatures nrpjiti--- failure But I am anticipating, to come back e rejoice to see, rjurogressJuLthis direction scarce as great singers, and what should we do and. I feel sura there might be much more were question under consideration in regard to writin all our little villages, ' in all our homes.'onr , n ing and writers, we would say, never shrink someencouragement held out to stimulate young our and to it refused schools, churches, people from a duty because there is" another who can writers. If those who have mean3 and influsing because some one had succeeded in achievr perform it better, let hot your heart fail you ence would become patrons of literature, and 1 iug a great musical triumph and possessed a ' from writing a few lines because you are not draw out some of the talent that at present is , voice like a nightingale, and had set the world George ybixn in a furore; if such were the. case the world equ Eliot, or George Sand, or Harriet Beecher enriched, for thete must from natural consewould not be so full of music as it is, and Stowe, but write in your own simple, unaffected, quences be a mine of wealth in the hearts and sad a, would heart lack consolasweet the many and who knows but many minds of the youngpeople bora and- - reared tion and healing balm that comes through the unpretentiousstyle, may be better pleased and more edified amidst these mountain vales. soothing-influenof reo"ng; s a blessed thing,- - people . , than with some heavy article from the pen of a Aut Em. 10 De aoie 10 smg,or piay on a musical instrugreat writer. We want variety, and originment. It gives relief to the feelings, and is always more acceptable than affectatiovoice and expression to the holiest emotions ality ' A GENTILE'S TESTIMONY. n-''''''", '"f"-":;r of the soul; then let us encourage all that Should "a star refuse to shine because some which elevates and purifies; r and whatever Editor Woman's Exponent: other more brilliant casts a shadow oyer it for avenues the exalted emotions of it opens up may be even the more lovely ? What if the In Justice to my wife, I must write you a the human soul, tends to fuller development of were to decline to sing because the few lines, which you may publish if you like. the inner life and promotes that higher culture, sparrow robin's song was more admired. Each one Sister Dubois has had a severe sickness wmcn is a step in advancement tQwards the exmY is in shine own may way, it not noble to during the winter, and has been attended to by altation we all desire to attain. refuse to do what one ha3 the ability and talent the members of the Relief Society in particuInstead of discouraging those who have a; batltls"7Mdble3iurage" lar, and by the good people ofandSantaquin desire to write," even though their efforts are toperform; another in any pursuit or profession; we may in attention general, with such tender care poor, rather stimulate thentT to greater dili-ge- n advise, if we think one ha3 mistaken his calland ,t.batgbefela'toexpres3 ccand more presistent effort, in cultivating ing, and so be helpful to a friend." ." thanks to all those who assisted in, or the talent with which thev have been endowed. "Mormonism" is rich in themes for the proj to her during her prostration. or in pouring forth the song which is welling duction of and one mav find subject literature, ;.. Up in the soul. We have not too During the three months of her illness many writers, for rhyme, for poetry, for a variety of prose which was caused Ibj a premature confinement nor too many books in my humble opinion. works, for the and for the most pro drama, she was for three weeks lying at the point of WeHmd -- f ar better pay out more money for found home our writers 1 death, and a good many of my. neighbors, like writing aridTthough books and reading matter, and less for many notbe verv esteemed hishlv nresent. at may x m vself. thought that "I wa3 coins to lose her, other things-not-useful or pleasant-4- n a and their works " not so meritorious, vet those and it seemed that nothing short of a miracle home. I' hope to "see the day when in every who lesire to see Utah take an honorable place could restore her to health. home in the land: there will be a library of in the nation should the and encourage author, But she is a Saint, and a strong choice books and papers, suited' to different sustain literary labor. "Despise not the believer in the very good help gift f healing by. the laying tastes, and also musical instruments, arid other of small things," when we see. the blossom on of hands day attractions for a home that will elevate the it is by the Elders of her. Church, and but of the significant fruit; garden of as soon a3 the brethren had administered unto - "minds of the inmates and produce a higher literature wants great attention, careful culling, her she whispered to me that she would get mental and spiritual atmosphere arid make and prunmg. Uur weeumg young people riyell agalnme'd'aTf- mankind more godlike'iniri enouid try to do their literary work well, and her duties again auu . saidjtolhehe glory, ot: "Gbd,imseIfvI:l..:U, presentaMela,renme , not be su oflendeoMeyeZriot eight children. Howioolish it would be when one has a song being recognized at first PoorjinbelieTer as I am,:Lalmost envy nr One grave fault ot inexperienced writers is upon his lips not to- pour it forth, because some her faith in the Gospels It puts me in mind who are learned and able, will criticise him that they are fearful of revising and correcting of a great French writer, Chateaubiand, who severely and unjustly; such a one- - is unjust to lest they lose 4the inspiration; they have an in his "GeVi du Christianisme," portrays the himself, and is not making use of the talent idea that poets areand themes inspired, committed to his keeping, arid will one day be actually given. them word powerful influence the mind has on the constifor word, and that tution. ' held accountable for hiding it. He indeed correction would detract from the genuineany s. D. B. . lacks fortitude, and needs encouragement from ness of its inspirationality. . The Lord has those who are Wonger; braveri, 7;Bklaul given us our intellect are we to make no ne nays, let those who are strong bear the burdens of it? Has he to put words in our mouths London is to have YOUNG WKITERS. . ; om and-disc- ou : i ' t.'' against-difficulti- es, " - - -- will-surmou- - - A - - - -- 4 at-wil- : vewanir-eptir-of-thoughtr-an- d - De-tne-c- ase; If-yo- u : say-thaton- e as-man- . re-writ- y e, ; : y -- v 11 to-th- 1 I ; . 1 -- j . aloicteayTrtaTly ledf -- t -- it-i- ce ; - . -- her-gratitud- sin-cer- e e ed ; 0 sa - j ; " . - a . I police-matron- s. 