WOMAN'S EXPONENT. into these associations and have Covenanted with God to discharge certain obligations therein. Hence what manner of women ought tojbe? We oughtta be clothed with purity, jv-- WESTMINSTEll ABBEY.7 abbey, in curious old chests. A fine vieyr of the church can be had from the tritorium. J. C KITTREDGE. BY JERUSALEM CHAMREK. e hSity:aiidTiumTHtyei AISLE OF MUSIC. ing every commandment of God v"that we may. Among others wo tookpartieular note of t-be a pattern to those around us." the statues pi" Handel and Francis Burney, Be united for it is union that will bind the farther of Fanny Burney, and the author the power of the adversary. We are called to a of a v history of music. high and holy calling and we must be humble TIIK NAVE. in thelb and3oLGod th at we may work. for the salvation of mankindrSister Snow" bore her is. exten r5jbe.:naWjafYfc8tni.i.ster-Abbey'testimony to the truth,- and rejoiced even in sive and. imposing.- - Its length is one hundred " persecution as" it proved" that the ""day of and sixty-sifeet, and its breadth seven ty- is near. one feet and nine inches. The most Stake counsellor E. H.'Bennett desired to be nent monument in this section is" that promi to Sir an instrument in the hands of God for doing I?aac Newton- - It is located at the extreme of the responsibilities of mothers. eastern end of .'tlie nave. is Bore her testimony and .thought .if we would represented in a sitting position, leaning upon put into practice the teachings of Sisters a pile ot books. A large globe is above, and Young and Snow and live up to our privileges near by are two cupids, or angels, represent we would be saved and exalted. or-- something - of the kind. . inspiration, ""Stake counsellor Bro. M. L- Shepherd spoke jng Ben Jonson was buried in the nave, in an up- ... '. .a short time with regard to the training oi our -- li it is saiu.i position, ngni children. Thought- we ought not to neglect "O, rare Ben Jonson their minds in order toadorn theirbodies. In the northwest corner is a monument to s Keep them from the street, instil correct Charles James Fox. In the baptistry Words- into them and also a" love for knowledge tt r tne i .i worm is rememoerea.i un and they will fill their high destiny to become opposite side lies Livingstone, the African explorer. Amerinoble and great in the kingdom of God. President Howd rejoiced in the teachings can revolutionary affairs were brought to mind as we looked at the statue of Major we haver received and bdre testimony to the Andre. In the south aisle of the choir is a divinity and greatness of the work in which statue to Isaac Watts, dated 1794, and one to we are engaged and Charles Wesley. The conference was adjourned forthree John Imagination paints the time, in the future, montns. 1. when this great-cu rch w i 1 - be a ru i u , ash t he The sisters of Beaveihave enjoyed-- a rich treat in the visit of Sisters Young and Snow, Perthenon and the Coliseum are today; and feel thankful they have health and when pilgrims will go thither from all parts the world, and will gaze, in many cases strength to travel and labor among the sisters -- of -anu impart sucu wise, luuicious. ana timeiv vaguely- on t bos e crumbl ingm omi m cnts'cf t - : : - on x .... good.-Spo- ke . The-philosoph- . er -- -- - - - ! prin-ciple- "i . :. - . Perhaps the most noteworthy circumstance connected with th is place is that Hen ry VII died here. Shakspeare thus describes" the circumstance: ,King Henry Laud be to God ! even there my life must ' ' end. . It hath been prophesied to me many years, I should not die but in Jerusalem; Vhich vainly I supposed- the Holy Lands : there I'll lie, 7 But bear me, to that chamber, ' In that Jesusalem shall Harry die. "J : . . - refering to the Westminster assembly and the making of the famous catechism. t WESTMINSTER !" -- : head-maste- m rn iiiyii vm ' m- The accident to Sister Snow resulted from her being thrown from the carriage by the horses running awav iust as thv were, en tf-r-- . . j "WfiA ... j nfnlrcrJ tin incotici. ble but, by the blessing of the Lord, recovered incf ATJnPrtttrillA- - VCOQ ' journey. J J T rtTTtQ . TrVT-r- CfnlrA Cnn After careful consideration it is now proposed to establish a monthly magazine, containing '."the". and --the jugflfiBLJiiQiig n ts, nngiiiest-ianci- es most elevating idea3 of the Daughters of . ' Zion. The Magazine, of which Sister Susa Young Gates ("Homespun") will be the IOditor, will contain thirty-twpages of reading matter, and will be divided into denartments. First: Literary. Second: epartment for : . o f Tift Tin hi llirnimliniit rflrIniiaAsanifltinna country. 'Ihird: A department of health and ..thft conduedrtireat - placed ...aL.S2.00 a vcar -- The Genial Pr Elmina S. Taylor, Maria Young Dougall, Mattie Horn e Tingey, will ;have a general supervision ot the matter. The Young Woman's Christian Association of Chicago propose ta build an addition to their home at a cost of $20,000 I 1 A nr-hnns- -- thenightlprevious were kept in the gate house. Hampden was placed there, and Jeffry Hudson, the dwarf, .died, there, accused of having participated in the popish plot. The brave little fellow. was he who is so felicitously described in Scott's Teveril of the Peak." "Black Book," the. decree of Henry VIL against monasteries. I here was an advance toward clearer light the pulling away of weeds which were growing about the altar; work which was so bravely began by Luther. r CHAPEL OF TYX. , . . . This chapel come3 next in order. the ancient jewels were kept.- The - iron-boun- . There This apartment is a creation of comparatively modern days, as it was founded in 1620. As'readers recollectrWashingtoriIrviiigas facetiously described it in the "Sketch Book," in the .article entitled "The Mutability of -- . Literature." THE INFIRMARY. There the sick monks were nursed, and the bad ones whipped. ROOM It was in the sanctuary of Westminster that the family of Edward IV were confined by the order of Richard III. There the widow Elizabeth bade adieu to her son Richard, whence he departed to the tower, never to return. There also she received news of the murder of the princes." TnE ALMONItY. Therevstahdsr Caxton's printing, press. As the reader remembers, it was during the reign of Edward IV that the art of printing was introduced into England. From the seed then sown what a vast forest ha3 spung up! There is an intereing picturelsomewhere, representing the king and family visiting Caxton. The latter is showing them the wonders of the invention. At that time it wa3 doubtless one of the marvels of the earth. r " ; d TITE LIBRARY. MUNIMENT THE SANCTUARY, " chests which contained them can still be found; The only object of importance at present is the standard of gold and silver. -- ;. ; olcivil ani lawsTreaTing religious liberty were made there. On the table of this chapter house was placed the . Raleigh was imprisoned in the monastery on - . V hygiene. Fourth: A household department. Fifth: A dress department. Sixth A department presided over by the General Presidency of the Y. L. M. I. A., through which theymay speak to the joung "sisters, announce appointments, and give advice and counsel. This in brief is the plan of the proposed publication. It 13 designed to issue the first numhas-be- en 1 1 THE YOUNG WOMAN'S JOURNAL. In former times the monastery extended far beyond the present limits. Sir Walter T1TE T CiflTtEir 1IOQSB. The chapter house at Westminster Abbey . ' C it . nouse oi is a piace oi exceptional noie, as me lords once sat there during a period of more than three hundred years. A rather strange piacu, ou wuum sa), lur a pumiuai uony 10 hnlH its sirt.in(rs! Thft rhantpr hnnsn of the chapter, or body) of a cathedral is the place where all the business ot the church is . TIIEMOXASTEET. 1 7th eTpas "trLong af erl haT ti mie wTIITMTjseeif what is tie permanence and efficacy of good literature, for when the great abbey and its contents shall have disappeared the words and thoughts of Shakspeare, Milton, By ron, and Carlyie will still exist. SCHOOL. j This institution of learning, .which is an annex of the abbey, was founded by Henry III and was endowed by Elizabeth in 15G0. It is oneof the prominenLedu National houses of the country, and is on a line with Eaton and Harrow. Many quaint old customs are re tai u ed at t h is pi ace, as at tFe o t h ers. Among them is . a curious old game played by the "students. It consists of tossing a cake over a bar, and the ttudent who catches it r intact and takes it to the gets a guinea. Many reminiscences and associations are connected witb this establish- - . counsel. . AND TRIFORIUM. In this room are kept the archives of the T; THE KINO'S .JEWEL HOUSE. and Thpre are the old standards of weio-htmeasures and the Elizabethan ell and .yard. :. in the United States, a3 is ell known, eieuteu annuany wno is there is. ant omcer e t i j.. i t ir caliea- - seaier weiguis ana measures, wnose 1 function is jo adjust. the..samevCorrecL.sralf and measures are kept in the town hall, and defect Iveohea are corrected by them. Probably7 those at Westminister were the original ones. Thus, upon examination, we see that almost every law and regulation under which we live 7 -had its original sway in the remote past of England. Every true American should recog nize thi3 fact. s To-da- y i . . Acts of parliament nor declaratioiL3 of inde- - 