4 5 WOMAS EXPONENT. -- TOEWAIFS OF Til E TOWN. g I the street with no home and no friend, ? bitter end; ' Poverty-stricke- n ' like poor little Joe," Still to "keep moving,' To hpaf still; "Move pn, sir," and no where ,to go. from whoever'will give,.:, "PeggtBg-a-mitTo keep them from starving, to help them to live; Still to drag on in this pitiful-wa. Night after night, day after day. Out in 1 ., the desolate, why is it so? Can any one tell me, does any one know? Are they ' 'bora bad'' as poor Trotty Dick" said, Is poverty sin, had "they better be dead?' If not born bad how can they rise From the filth that surjounds them up to the skies?- Was it not these that Christ died to save, So helpless and lone on life's pitiless wave? --Th- at when He said, "My lambs must be fed' back to the folJ, them grows cold. -- , Thou brightest of all earthly gems1. . . How much I think of thee; .. Whether in mansions of the great, In wide domain and vast estate ffiecblifa - In workman's shop or merchant's store: Upon the land or on the sea, There is nothing ever outshines thee. vv alh Intelligence is also bright, Unless it leaves thy side, And then I'd fear to even move II One st ep. frdnvfaer aside But her with thee I do admire, And I've an ardent fond desire, That thou with her wouldst condescend. To lead me on till time shall end. " Be my companion every day, Least I should err and go astray; For well I know, that nought can shake, - Nor vile aspersions make thee quake; Nor can the wicked stop thy course, But soon thou'lt fill the whole wide earth, And darkness be compelled to hide. And all the wicked in their pride In darkness will be swallowed up,- j And drink of indignation's cup, From Him they have so long defied, From Him who once for them hath died, While those who Truth have ever sought, Shall in th cloud with Saints be caught; And free from sorfowrpain and cares ; Shall live with Christ a thousand years. Then lead me on, thou gem of Truth, For I have loved thee from my youth. Charlotte Cruse Thorpe. Ephraim, San Pete Co. ILMA DI MUKSKA. have a pleasant remembrance of the visit to pur city of Maurice Strakosch and his opera company in 1875, and how the beautiful voice of lima Di Mufska charmed and electrified them; It was a time when little of the legitimate opera WE3 known in Salt Lake, and few opportunities Many of our I theatre-goin- g ci tizens bufc-as-tor-my- sel r i : ftad-Lreali- sent-here-4- ze Opera-Compan- Conly, Anmcr Beaumont. SevAiin. and othe rs i i t mi renowned. The people were huuory , wrucn are our equally" men, dear sisters, let us glory, lor music,' and every night the large theatre all strive to gain wisdom and knowledge, that was.,iilled. Jvith a .charmed an. d enthusiastic the true way to traiiiJhem and; ajiiay-know ...... ,, ' TIT auuience. wu were nor. rritimi t hpn tiw nr to set good examples before them, for I know knowledge ot music was about as linn fed 7 as tills is 4)iir greatest work we were sent here to ou r onnortumties. :zziir idbVautUctyura ' Since thos'e days we have watched with some in the faith so they will not be "as ehatT before interest the career of these early artists, their the wind," but be as ripe wheat that is in the-biri.Sft fir flll thpir fflmf. nrfntP. rWltAn Koo where neither wind nor storms can hurt visited jmany times since, but ' no more as the nor destroy them, and whiclfrouriEather in ' 'I T .'. narnone in neavy opera, nut as the rniice ot 'Heaven' will love to claim. And although Ave are weak let u s ever presson wan , be faithful opera coniiijue; Castle, they say has lo.4 his beautil'ul.tenor voice, but still insists in appear-inj- r and true, and may we be as the wise Virgins before the nublic on the concert sfairo in with oil inour lamps. remote towns in the East; Maas, poor Maas, Your sister in the Gospel; r ILL now loveiv Inis voict ran onr n rriar. rne act K. L. C. from Jligoletto and thrilled U3 until Jauf 15," 1889. scarcely keep our seats, but felt like rising tc our feet and cheering him, and, he right at the zenith of his glory died in London; Conly with -- ' Father-in-lreaveu'hfls blessed-us-witb,-a- nd T -w- 1 - t nd, 1 . I 1 . 1 1 " I . , i we-coul- d Hope. TRUTH. -- ( uiii-i-- 1 I dare not think on, for my spirit grows wild, When I think how the purest are often defiled, . When the fault is not theirs, oh, how can it be, God and the angels bear such thing to see. 1 I permitted through the slums and the alleys and holes of the town, And the rivers wet wharfs, where the og's cominj; down, Pierce through the rags of the shivering frame, Of this child of the street, withWlibme.iina'no name.. Gbd of I a de-ir- ' y ' and-MAin- -- " ' e .Was it not these He meant "Of such is the kingdom" Why don't He gather them Ere the spark of divinity in ... ,' -- to-life's 131 had been afforded the music-Winof hearing the rest of the Women of Zion, fori think we the classical notes or trained voices of .renown. as mothers and daughters in Zion, should all True some famed and wonderful singers, among, put our little mite together, and help roll on whom wereParepa- - Bosa Bishop this i?reat and glorious work in which we are naa nonored us- with a visit and delighted us engaged in these the last days, and to help fill ... r W 1 II Vt ft - SI tJ m "TtTTrt 'ten rnTnrmT fini hnnr f up tht se prccinus. columnar. we were to compare" the wonderful voice eager I feci y try weak and unlearned to try such as of jMme.' Bishop with the beautiful and exe to try aifd learn, and this, but I have a voice of" ourown Mrs. Careless, and accompi'slLSOfne little good while I am quisite what exultant' pride we felt in the comnarcn. to live, and to fulfill the' mission I was' Thuvu uiou uui.r, iiuiv. wm i i ftp o it is a.' great-fin- d. iiiwi' in privilege of hearing real opera; what a feast it important work which we as voung: mothers in was, wnen iiess brought to us his English Israel have resting ."on cur shoulder , to know5 with Carleton. Castle,' Maas, how to train our imeious children which our I ponder by night and ponder,by day, waifs that throng life's highway;; Qn the poor little come did they from; why mnst they roam, ' abm-fl-, as below, oh, had they no home? - : miEsKimmm: hisTmajifi in company with Mme. Kellog and he, alas! was drowned; Seguin ha3 retired; of Beaumont we never hear; of Di Murska the late despatches from Munich tell us she is dead, died iu great poipoverty and her daughter, soned' herself; the remains of thy two were taken to Gotha and cremated, and on the Urn containing their ashes, one .mav read: Ihese heart-broke- On Tuesdny, Jan. 22, Senator Hoar, of Mass. to the United States Senate for was was a term of six vears. His re-elect- re-electi- n, Miss Amelia B. Edwardsj who is now finish- inrr q tnnr nf twpntv Ipptnrps in Xnrtbprn ahaTealthatemams Mme. Di Murska's career was brisrht but brief: rounds to make in other parts of the King- at her death she was only in her. forty-sixtdom before April, is receiving earnest mvita- year and her public life lasted scarcely eighteen tions to visit the United States to speak on years. She was born in Croatia in 1 843. She Egypt, Greek Art, Woman in Ancient Egypt; studied the art of song at Vienna and at Paris Fiction,' ee., .1- -. 1&62 under Signor. and Mme. Marchesi. In of Geo. Wm. Curtis, in the Easy-Cha. she made her debut in opera at the- Pergola rTheatre in -- Florence; andwas-ki- n d JETarp&ls Mmddy lays: "The admission of. Three years later she accepted an offer to sing women io the Soof suffrage questiorf is really If, as ui llcr iuajfsij s iucftuu m uuuuuu, tit mat the overthrow of the Tast barrier. time the Mecca of Italian opera singers, the lately, woman may properly and peacefully, her: modest fpartjof Lucia in- - Donuizetti's familiar opera, w i thou t i nsul t or abate m en t of and was a pronounced success. From that time womanly dignity, and without the least harm her star was in the ascendant,-- and her fame to her "sphere," go. to the polls and drop a ballot tor- a member of a school committee was widespread. Between .1 873 and 1 8?6 she mono box, it is only Harlequin who argue8 visited this country, Australia ami New Zealand; at that time her voice vas perfect. Two years .that she cannot with the same propriety drop a since, when she again visited this country, her- baUotin the next box for Mayor." oic! admirers found the sweetness and quality On Monday afternoon a meeting of the exof her voice gone, and, feeble in strength she ecutive committee of the K. W. S. A., was was unable to fulfil the duties either of concert litltl-- at question, ot inVerorr-instr- u union wnth Tthe r American Woman Suffrage to Europe, where slie has since lived in retireMiss Anthony, Association was. discussed. ment. Mrs. May Wright Sewall, of Indiana, and It is sad to think that one:so bright, so much others speaking in favor of union, Mrs. Shatadmired and so successful should die it! poverty, : of l9ssachusetts,-an- d but such is often the fate of greatness. It was ' iuckofl Ohio, speaking against it. It was voted that a .meet that one, who had charmed the world with committee of eleven be appointed by, JSliss her song should die at M umch and be cremated, to confer with the committee of at Gotha. two cities so famed as musical centres. Anthony annointed from the American W. 8. A. I Tbe very mention of these names brings to pleven MtrsViitHsy-winstructe4h ':..r-i''':i'- 'J: ir ly-recei- -- - theiggrflouseilie .;' . Lb mind tbougnts or song ana meioay; iney u.vv places all lovers of the divine art long, to visit, 'jtndh i t sejmsTnos t fi tti noTljnevfibse-soul's'o' wedded to the art should die in such a place. lu-- : - ;.-- a. w. c. SCATTERED: THOUGHTS. Dear sister: Ihave'Tead so many useful and instructive pieces in this valuable paperJ have long desired to throw in my little mite with i' -- nerseii as one w mw vuiuminw AUC wut mittee; --arenas fidlows:3IiiS Anthony, ch ai Mrs. : May Wright Sewall, Mrs. Virginia L. Minor, Mrs. A. Duniway, Mrs. Laura M. Johns,, Mrs. Sarah M. Perkins, Mrs. ClarTB. Colby, liIrTaue7"H. :rohVdrIrs. Lillie-Devere- ux Blake, Bev. Olytapia. Brown. This committee a re u n derstopd; to be about equ ally dvided ' ' . for and against. .. ' . . . 