WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 182 chasing each other over spaces bridged by sky blue satin ribbon. These pretty aprons are well enough occasionally, but show me a good old grandma, mending for.theeet she loves, and a nice blue and white check apron holds them all, scissors every colored yarn for. all sizes, from Dan's chubby legs to baby's fine yarn stockjngs. And that "apron of grandma's is as, clean as can be, and wasn't laundried by a Chinaman, or. sprinkled for the ironing through that heathen's teeth; or in a : laundry with Mr. apd Mrs. Everybody's -d linen; and it was as ample as grandma's they try to match her heart) and I'd like .to know, what etter-apron you- - could find. It has corners large enough to bring-uand cover Benny's eyes, while he curls up in her lap to take an afternoon dose, and he submits to. grandma's "apron wherf he wouldjesent a barrdkMe'f or a veil in the same ohce, as an affront. Then there's Mary, "a model girl," grandma saysp and Pa and Ma smileran endorsement" to" this sentiment, ,who wears about her forenoon work an apron like grandma's, only made to suit the difference in figure, but how neat and sensible it looks. Mary has others, nice enoughloF just such a blessed home comfort of a girl as she is. JJ - Aunt 7Jane" wears u black-sil- k apron that only ,-- needsi brushing whenhe lays and once in a long while a sponging with some mysterious application, and then it is as good looking as ever. Aunt Jane nnd.I afe.opposed to the everlasting white apron, that is, at our age, our style of " - . propor-tions(an- -b- p -- aside-hersewing- -- . dre,J don't wear them. " P.S. w ' Augusta Joyce Crochehon. - r ;;r : : this-aTparaH- - ell - . . WOM AN, SUFFRAGE MEETING. -- - independence, - iusticc-an- Vhoi m 1vl&n 1 ed within-- 1 h - d astr-n ri . government? The mother WeJooTfor the great government of the United States4o a?ain confer upon us the right of suffrage, Decause oyana witn it we wiirbe enabled to do vast good to the world. For this we expect to contend; we expect to reach out our hands to the women of, America, and say we are one with you in this grand struggle. rection, she gives them to us again in a npw birth, purified, immortal and eternal; and we become the children of the Church of Christ in everlasting glory. As earth will be. frlnrifii and 'the Church exalted, so woman will be glorified and exalted, through obedience and faithfulness, to the, presence of the Highest. Woman is the gate-wa- y by which we enter this iworld; just as'QhrisfutL m ns IDA- - f- ;irrv to ; the that, lie beyond. We 'cannot I have always been an advocate of woman afford toglories ignore her to whom God has eiven ?n'". consumer which I a God'giyen right. -- great a missionr J suffrage, Taxation andrrepresentatioh should always go ot the world of which we have but a together.' The rights of women arc etcrnallv ment were entirely told, we would find fra. thaf paramount with those of woman has typified in all her experiences the young lauy not Jong ago say she would attend experience of the Church of God in all aes. .our. meetings if they were not so dry and uninThe Church in this dispensation will neverbe teresting. She is a poor woman who will villify thrown down or given to another people. ' . ner own sex. bnei reietred to the great i and Neither will the cause of woman fail, a3 at other "glorious 7abor3.of the leading suflragist3 of times; nevermore will she be trampled on, led" America." At one time in the world'3 history capti ve,orsold into slavery." The hour'of martyr.women were merely slaves, but gradually... they-ardom for both i3:pastpthe day triuinph gaining their way, and each yegTr sees an and victory-ha- 3 ; dawned. increased number espouse the cause of suffrage, But there is order in all things' that are which ere Ipng shall triumph. They talk divine.-- , God is not the author of confusion. about the patience of men. AVhv. one dav's "Order is heaven's first law," .the poet says, but J I J the of with man the duties experience we believe that obedience is heaven's first average of a wife with a growing family would drive and that order is the result of obediencelaw, to him into a lunatic asylum. The more we do righteous rule. There must be a head, and in for ourselves, the more the opposite sex respect the same sense that Christ is the' head of the its. I have heard it said that woman was too Churchy man is the head of the woman. So i ticsVjh a tzshe wouldz z goodahfL pure; to en ter-pthis: being the case,; the ad-- say vancement of one means the advancement of rapidly he degraded. ."! do not think so. Politics cannot degrade woman, but woman can" the. other, and .the degradation of-- either is - the elerateml purify polities. "There is every- degradation of both. Exalt the head and thing to gain and nothing to lose in the cause abasejhe bodyand Reparation-ensue- s; decapi in jvhich we are "engaged. I do not believe tation take3 place, and disruption, and, death are the result. What- -a SDcctacle-a-hum- an thaHHrnesaryqraoinan household because she believes in woman suf-- --body would present with- - its head swingingm- of mid-aiwoman Ihe does frage while the trunk.arms and Ies remninrd suffrage question hot hinge -- upon 4he query-a- si to whether the walking belowf " No; we cannot exalt man and . t woman. Uhrist is glonhed when his luajvxiLj ui uuicu iwaiii, il or uoi. - j.ne ques-tiodegraae simply is, whether the right to vote is useChurch is exalted, and man is lifted up, or ful or beneficial. If it is so to men, it certainly cast down, according as woman i3 elevated or be to women. should depressed; The following address was then delivered by But woman should not be idolized, or worshiped as a deity. It would seem that BISIIOr O. F. WHITNEY; many in modern times were actuated by a de"I have consented to appear here with sire to make amends in this respect for the considerable reluctance; not because I was unshortcomings of their ancestors. Hence they willing to add my mite for the advancement of worship woman, or pretend to worship her, and a worthy cause, but because I feel painfully where but yesterday she was treated -- as a to in inefficiency such a cause. It is slave, my speak she reigns a queen "with heart3 le one to which I, have given ner reek" Une-e- x'thought and attention; owing mainly, no doubt,-to pretreme is as wronsr as the other. If man is occupation in other matters. If I am thankwoman is queen; no more, no less. They ful for one thing, however, it is that I was born king, reign together, side by side. And when we with a heart free, to a great extent, from reach heaven, where God our Father rules the bigotry. It seems more natural for me to bewe will find Him seated on His lieve than to doubt, and, believing in woman universe, throne, a King, and our Mother at His side, a suffrage, I never could understand why she Queen; not should be denied that privilege, or the enjoyhead. Earthly thinsrsioreshow. or should fore ment of any right to which she h enjustly show, things heavenly. titled. I never could see those great and inI have often marveled at the inconsistency, surmountable barriers which many imagine to of human nature, even in some of its highest intervene between' her and the rights which she aspects. We seem unwilling to extend to claims; Woman js the other half of others the same rights which we claim for ourman: he is not comnlete withmif W tk selves. The Puritans of England fought for are brother and sister, offspring of the same : freedom to worship God; and cut? off the head heavenly Parentage, and should kori ; of a tyrant king to file a lasting protest against hand in every righteous effort, in oppression, and yet came here and established cause. It was because I recognizedevery worthy justice and a religious despotism, persecuting those who CQnsistfim2yjiaer claimfbr thinchisethat differed from their peculiar viewsr Ner did it I never felt called upon to oppose it, while, as end there. the poets and patriots of 1 have said, preoccupation in other matters has New who have sung and fought - for England, prevented my becoming as active a champion freedom for whites and blacks in former years, of her cause as I otherwise might have been. -seem oblivious to deeds of outrage and tyranny . oman is typical of two things in which I committed right here in Utah. They seem place, great faith and confidence, namely; the Earth upon : which we dwell, our mortal unable or unwilling to look beyond their own state boundary lines. They will sing mother, from whoihderive physical nourisheloquently of the rights of the black man; they ment, and the Church of Christ, our spiritual have girded their weapons of war and fought, mother, who ministers to our higher necessities bled and died for the liberation of the negro God-gm- n he-hist- ory mealarder' - -- ; e of-the- ir: -- A -- . . ol r, lay inquires under false pretenses. Aunt Jane explains and May still lools dubious. It comes out however that she has been considering how Adelbert El Roy Jones when escorting Miss Brownlon to an ice cream saloon, always obsequiously asked her preference for "lemon or vanilla?" with the air of a noble Count. It seems that lately in response to some requirement of Mrs. A. El Roy Jones, he amazedly and sternly inquired "haven't you got "flour and potatoes- ? "what more do you want ?" case I fear. 3raytnluks ' A. J. C. . Earth gives us our mortal bodies, which must Teturn to her bosom fro -f her children the desire for a great and free taken, and after that, bv means of the. . , vuut lisW k for- - plainly to each other on this vital subject,privately, you understand, not wishing to even hint anything openly, that might offend a single dear soul, but we their battles The meeting of the Utah Woman Suffrage Association at the Assembly Hall onThursday April 11 th, wa3 well attended, and theproceed-iug- 3 were highly interesting. In the absence of the President, Mrs. MargaretT. Caine, who was unable to attend, Mrs. Lydia D. Alder p resided," andTperformed thedutyTably and with becoming dignity, A number of prominent ladies occupied the: stand. After the preliminary exercises, including prayer by" the Chaplain, Mrs. SarahM: Kimball, the minutes of the preceding meeting and the names of the members were read by the Secretary, Cornelia IL Clavton,! and some amendmen business were submitted and voted upon. The i tstofeba wlnd-otheYeutiv- e" Tntting MRS. ZINA D. II. YOUSG, the injustice of Uiepriving the women of Utah of the right of suffrage which they had exercised for many yeafs-withoabusing it. The mothers of the United" States" had always been found side by side with the men in who deplored ut a Y I n . . a a ' " ; to-da- y , to-da- y but-litt- -at -- uner-is-ieetior-above- -Hi jTJ W ; -- To-da- y 