WOMAN'S j i-- i ing and benediction, meeting 'adjourned and the to partake of ice cream and company were invited " U i. other refreshments; There seemed nothing lacking to render the evening, wholly enjoyable to . A HAPPY O CCASION. ent. ' Apostle Charles C Rich, who on that day reached the age of 75 years. Her daughter Sarah Jane Miller was present and also Ben Rich from Ogden, and Mrs. Pratt at whose residence the party met is .also a daughter of the respected lady' in whose .honor they had convened together. There.wefe present of the sisters whose names are familiar in Zion for zeal in good works, Aunt PresendiaX. Kimball,and her sister PresZ. D. H. Young, Sisters Mary Ann M, Pratt, Adelia Ann B. Pratt, Marion R.Pratt, Margaret Merrill, Sarah M. Young, Lydia Y, Merrill, Ella .Merrill, alsd Sisters Jane Taylor and Mary Ann Taylor and others. Sisters Amanda G. Kimball, Harriet Julia L. Raleigh, Nebecher, Brown, Mary Bawton, Winegar and daughter. All the sisters named were widows but two, and twelve of these were residents of Nauvoo, and and honorable assemblage of a more Sister ladies could not have met together. Rich has been a member of the Church 54 years remain--inlast one of her father's-famil- y and She was recomended four'times by different persons to be the wife of Apostle Rich before they, saw each other, and became engaged to him by correspondence. She accepted the law of celestial: marriage and by mutual consent she and her husband entered practically upon that principle which will bring her great joy in the Kingdom of heaven. .. in was The afternoon pleasant conversaspent tion and partaking of the bounties provided by willing hands. The evening was devoted'to religious exercises, and .the gifts and blessings of the gospel were made manifest, that the Savior promised to all who would receive His truthful message and walk in the light of the everlasting gospel. Sister Rich had been failing' in health but the event revived her spirits and made her feel that she was not forgotten. The Exponent adds congratulations, wishing her days to be full of peace and joy and her entrance into the celestial kingdom glorious beyond expression. . self-relia- nt g. fs-t- be . THE YOUNG WONAN'S JOURNAL. We have received the initial numberof this new magazine, published in the interests of the young people's Associations, and also for the benefit of all the young women of Zion. The work is very neat in appearance and printed on good paper in clear type, and contains 32 pages of reading matter. It is divided into departments, first Literary, second, Our Girls, third, House and Home, fourth Dress, fifth Health and Hygiene, this last department is edited by Romania B. Pratt, M.D., who is thoroughly capable ofndertakirig work o0.hs ,..'-v kind both by education and experience. The October number of the journal is full of interesting matter in its several departments; tha " literary articles are from the pens of able writers n to the reading public in Utah. who are The Hymn by Ruby Lamont, that opens this num- ' ber is a gem"Bereavement," a poem by Josephine Spencer is touchingly beautiful in 'sentiment, "Longing" by Lu Dalton is a poem of real merit r as all her productions are, and "A Voice From ' -- ' la tions as heroically as our Fathers did? Didthey not prove their loyalty and patriotism in laying air upon the altar and sacrificing husbands, sons and brothers in defense of their country? ' Strange that when that country for which woman sacrificed and suffered, was secured from in The stories will doubtless'please the young which is the, best and most perfect of any on people, we have hot read them and therefore can earth, that her rights should be ignored and she have no voice in the making of the laws or of Only judge them from our knowledge of the Stranger still that while wnrsandlTe Letter," a ''electinc the thousands of precious lives were lost, and millions description of the ola home is decidedly "Our pumbAnimals,'' No. 1. by Zina B. of money- expended in emarcipating JhenegrQS . Crocheron is an effort in a somewhat newnJirec ine moiners, wives ana aaugniers 01 inose tionby our girls, and as it is a prolific subject and otic soldiers were, now are, in political bondage. Is not taxation without representation as unjust one,, not much treated upon in our local papers, and oppressive now as it was in the days of the it will probably be made amusing and instrucRevolution ? I think so, yet women are suffering tive. The house and dress department will doubtless serve the purpose for as it is from this very cause today. Woman is amenable to the law and if she breaTSTa law she is punished a clear field in this line. ' The editor, Mrs. Susa Young Gates, starts out the same as man is: 'If she holds property she is taxed, yet she has no voice in saying who shall with everything, favorable to a successful enterhandle that money or how it shall bexpended. prise, and as she loves the work she has under- x Who is more interested 'jh the education of taken, it will be comparatively easy because she children, than their mothers, but mothers can- will put her heart.'.'in with the cooperation nnt'vnte fnr srhnnl elprtinns ven. prrpnt in fattr. jrthe. young ladies it ought to succeed -- finan of the states where.women have " secured" this cially. It is the organ of the Young ,Ladies and perseverance, and privilege Mutual Improvement Associations, and will there can not say who shall educate their fore be an avenue whereby many questions may therefore they children. , by asked and answered, this making it specially had women the Franchise they could wield a If helpful to the organized work; the essays and for good that would not only affect themmanuscript papers have a place assigned them in power the journal, and they will no doubt improve this selves and the present generation but would effect millions yet unborn. If they were united they opportunity to discuss social and religious ques could stop the spread of intemperance, by pro- tions- - and subjects. There is no danger of too hiDition inesaie 01 mai ureaaiui curse 10 manmuch cultivation mentally, morally and spiritually and while advocating the development of the kind, Alcohol. Who suffers more than women Men drink it and mind and heart we should not forget physical from the effects of Alcohol? women take the consequences. If women voted culture either.-W- e heartily wish the new journal of working women who success In the field of literature. It is published they could raise the wages now by the thousands are struggling for an exat the - Juvenile Instructor Office in this city. istence on starvation wages, and many go to their Price of subscription, $2X& per yearr destruction to escape a life of misery and want. Shall we sit supinely down because our lot has fallen in better places than those just described, , WOMAN'S SUFFRAGE. and say we don't believe in Woman's rights we have all the rights we want" when there is so WRITTEN FOR AND READ BEFORE THE W. S. A. to be done in this , much suffering, and so much OF JUAB COUNTY. world of ours? If we are true women, if we Having enrolled my name as amember-o- f the have all the rights we want, we will not rest satisSuffrage Association, and believeing that when fied until others who are not so fortunate as we we become members of any association it is our are, shall have theirrightssecurecLtothenuWe-shoul- d be like Mrs. -- Fry whose Philanthrophy duty to respond to every cailn'd to do our utmost to make it a success,; I desire not simply to caused many of her sex to reform and lead better be anemberbut a worker irt this noble cause we lives, by her visitingHthe prisons and establishing" schools for the depraved unruly inmates, who have espoused. I believe in the physical, morale blessed her name for her goodness. Can not we intellectual, spiritual and political education of woman. She should have the privilege of pursuing follow her noble example, and do something to the same studies as her brother,that she may be a benefit our sex? Woman should the be friend of woman in every condition and position in life. companion to him and be able to converse intelliI claim that a woman who does the same work gently' on any subject that interestsJiim.- - If woman's whole time is occupied in domestic duties,' as a man, ff she does it as well and works as many hoursrshouldavethe samewages that he has.l and'she takes no time to improve her mind or increase her intelligence, how can she impart to her But how is it today in our own loved Territory, children that intelligence which will make them and it is much better here than it is in other parts men and women of renown in their day and of our country, a common laboring man receives -... time? ' ' $1.50 per day, while his sister who works as long Each generation should be brighter and better and just as hard, gets socts. a day, just a third of in every respect than the one that preceded it, but what her brother gets, and why ? Simply because she is a woman, and has not been educated to how can this be possible unless women are "educated, and liberated from the bondage they are value her time and labor, and to demand for them under ? Woman cannot impart to her children a just remuneration as he j has. Numerous cases lofty aspirations, love of freedom and of country, might be mentioned with "whichjsveare all teachers andxlerks" sheaa not produce Patriots, unless she breathes ?amiliar7wherew the air of freedom and has the love of country in stores, who spend as many hours in as faithful . 7 labor, and are as well qualified for the positions burning in her bosom. The Fathers of our country are praised and as the men who perform the same kind of labor, honored by posterity for the part they took in who only receive a third or perhaps in some instances half as much salary as men do. I have a obtaining freedom, and for the hardships they endured in colonizing a ne w "country r;But did We friend, a woman, who is a good efficient school not have mothers of our country who "should not teacher, who loves her work and devotes a great deal of time, besides her school hours, that her be forgotten. They too, are entitled to our homage scholars might advance more rapidly, who is as for did they not endure the sufferings and priva Zion. liailsrael, llrsafakDRich h wide wDfithe lataH well-know- for-Lu- amuieadteacb-priociple-to-the-little-nes-- 7 At the residence of Mrs. Libbie R. Pratt in the 17 th, Ward, in this city there was a joyful meetingof Sisters in the faith and fellowship, to celebrate the birthday anniversary of the venerable mother . The Daughters Of Zion," by Hope is well- suited to the advent of the journalmdsJgnificantof Its mission. "Baby's Brass Nickfe" by Lula ranst not pass unnoticed is the - children's writer and special advocate, some of her best poetical efforts have been put forth to help and to - -- all-pres- ' 77 EXPONENT, law-make- well-writte- rs, n, ' - .... . M which-intended- , y it-a- nd by-agita- tion -- ." -- . , :: ; 