EXPONENT. WOMAN'S manv vears. and in the; "paternal "mansion" he cof flrui mtw fmm hisardaous labors. Long well supplied. Eastward 'stretched out in th K 1! ! I rieu after he had withdrawn 'from the daily voca uiaiaiice, loyg.imea auu uroau piaiua meadow and pastufe lands; and afar off one tionsonceso diligently pursued, he still entermight discern the Churclu spires and peaked tained his friends and neighbors in the most Knomf-jlilf- l faTiinn at the old farm house. He -- . roofs of the houses in auotEer sleepy old town. It was not a noisy .bustling village, bnt staid never wearied of reciting over and over again, and restful. One could well fancy that old, to hisxfuests, stones of his life; how his father old echos still lingered in the hills, and the came there a boy, when the country was new : His family had been large people were too "proper" to waken them; there and wild. in the city of Boston but. a3 the was such method and precision in everything; townwas en larged , - and the - popul ation m- in solt modulated tones. Ihere were a Jew un- - creased, they sold their land, piece by piece, -- rrntnnHnna Iwintna mnef nf Ki.m oiil 11 and came into the back woods to settle, where ia o in n n rl ViA tli ii rt a an Ihefe was more room and less temptatlTor the principal, a large family of boys, and subsequently they light ot the village boys;-b- ut feature of the place was an old woolen mill,-- had built the mill. He delighted in recountsituated in the - centre of the little cluster of ing the Jbardship3- - and privations i t i uweunigs, on a clear piaciu stream or water life; and dwelt upon his father's hatred of the that bounds over its rocky bed, on through thc British, and the Roman Catholics. tnwn . rVvoiiv vf'rtra hei'nrfk Ha mill ivna run. No wonder he was proud of, liberty, for he i 'i wen, ii ..ii auu ume umg lun paiu employing had fought bravely "for"it? in perilous places three score of hands; the old furnace too, was and had endured much privation andfatigue. bright and glowing then, a brawny arm upTo him freedom was dearer than life; to obthe hammer sound of the the at lifted, and. tain that precious boon he had faced death at the and hither forge, sparks Hying yon, gave, the point of the bayonet, rllfs favorite plrasep life and arfcivitv in tho . srpnp. which he very frequently repeated to his child.. , i i i i t mt "wi . lheoid settlers l ne times nau ren and. friends, was one familiar to all Ameri-ca- n changed. whose industry and thrift, had turned the citizens, "Taxation, without representation wilderness into fields' and gardens, had grown Is tyranny." The honors conferred upon him, ff rft.wnrn nnrl tirflf? nr wopa clwn!nf in riniof he considered fairly earned, and was proud of r resting places in the church-yarnearby. his handsome uniform, and heavy clumsy Many of the young, ambitious sons in the sword, which he always exhibited on training of manhood, had gone fortune-huntinpride " days. H13 military air on such occasions quite : x .i i. i i i. 1JJI.II UtiW IIII'.HIIIIPM. "Wn T IflHTM WIT MH.nPr IIUIIH " awed the children, and they looked upon him Uo subdue and make fertile; or weary of the with a degree of reverence mingled with en quiet atmosphere' tharhrooded over their nathusiasm, for what heart does not beat a little tive village, had grown restless and sought the faster, when the drums beat and the soldiers bustle of the great, busy world, in some large parade, that has the blood ot the patriots jn? city or enterprising town, and so the old mitL itsveins. But thrTm6at interesting of allthe J - !. 1 1 1 land-owne- " 1X7 rs " V? -- of-pion- eer . . 1 1 -- . - -- . -- -- -- : d g ' t- - - . - The" children wondered why the great buildings was empty and forsaken, and thought how splendid it would be to see the large, old fashioned wheels that seemed so lazy, turn over and over in the deep still water, send- folks, was how his father fell in love with the ofa General in theBritish" daughter- and as he expressed it, his magnificent figure his manliness and courage, of the situation, and he won his sweetheart, m.deapite of the high sense of filial duty she and her aristocratic -f- ather s entertained, remonstf ances Differeuces"ere cast aside, and distinctions leveled by the magical charm of true love,, and when . the war. was over, and the armies 'ot the kin s had been vanquished ing it dashing and foaming over their ponderous sides. It was not strange that the children queried and asked numberless questions, for it no one knew from whence they came, oldmill wa3 haunted, that at metthehoRhigi thechildren did noteemto night- - witches bo afraid, and of their skill in spinning, knitting, and household employments, "as our modern mademoiselles are of their music and drawings Tripping back and forth, to and irom the spinning wheel, urawmg out the son, tieecy roll through the nrpttv tnnni-"- f nrrffrs: KnwvTKFTTiia hQnA nanus well, piano. Tho dEhgreE:mor ... handsome, . - 7r little wheels for spinning autiful, and the ideal picturo of a lady spinning flax, twirling nerj)retty distatljetween heilender-finfrer- s. her dainty foot upon the treadle has been the theme of poetry and of song. Some writers tell us our Puritan grandmothers were very "plain folk," but methinks they wereo very With much Dear sisters and interest Isit down to express some of my feelmy sisters feel ings and thoughts; I. hope all and all associawell in attending their meetings tions, trying to do. all they can. I can truly -- rs. say that I feel well in attending-my-meetings,-a- nd feel to do all in my power to help roll on this work. , We should not go to any meeting, Sunday : M ,1 1. just for the sake or going,- out go ,.wnn tne intention to learn . to bear our testimonies, and profit by" the good counsel givenus7rom time to time. Let us cultivate the spirit of love - - -towards each other. I fully believe the young sisters of this ward are striving-t- o do all the good they can and " we should continue tostrive for the upbuilding of the kingdom of God. If we would k of the' great work we are but reflect engaged in, we would appreciate. more. See how the outsiders are gathering around us, we do not kuow how long we shall be permitted to worship in 'peace, but let us have faith in the Lord, and keep his conimand-mentbe kind to our parents who have gone-throu- gh so much tribulation, driven from house to house, from place to place; slept with their clothes on for fear of mobs etc., and consider how the Prophet Joseph and others have been persecuted for the sake of their religion, we may come to this, but let U3 trust in the and-thin- our-blessi- uga s; . . -- LordrpurawayhTf)lIi set our minds to dping good, to usefulness, and try to do things that we know are pleasing to ihe Lord; helping ouf president and counselors, so that our associations may be asuccess n ' very deed. , 'r r , -- hvl risteriirthexoveii ant7 Elnora Cox. Secretary of the West Hooper Association. NOTES AND NEWS. ' . Rev. Mr. Pitblado spoke on woman suffrage in Unity Hall, Hartford,Conn.,Tuesday, May 1 4. ' " If i3 reported that there are now six women police officers m London, and seven more are to be appointed. i i. , --Representative The Cosnecticut-House-has deieated the propoied.conititutional amendment striking the word "male" out of the constitution of " - Mis3 Rose Elizabeth" Cleveland is going abrpad in June, and is said to have accepted apposition in a young women's boarding school in London. Queen Christina, of Spain, , has promised her support to. the campaign in Africa. The Spanish Society has work near its own doors, as slaves of both sexe3 are brought from the interior of North Africa and sold in the cpen markets of Morocco. "Glorious news from Michigan! The -- mn n- iso nt nersell modestly as wife and mother, honoring i i Representatives on Wednesday. Mav 1 5 f. --lfle P31llon SQe naa gladly accepted. 3.15 P. M., by 25 majority. A special dispatch bhe played the harp and - sung like from Mrs. S. May the vntft as Knaggs gives a and her bird; costly - silks 'and J5-ere4s in r fiam.yJae3h?chhe,wore-- wi th such anairH ifas jtv ot refanement, were the admiration of the Lansine over thi3 sitrnal viVtnrv "Mrs. Emily Pfeiffer's new VolllTTlAnf nnPTna ladies all .the country round. It is need "Flowers of the NiVht." tho nnhliVntiA,, less to recount her good deeds, her heart was .which wm generous, and ITthe lord-w- as interruptedly the stroke richandvtheifc ' " upon-he" in;the deathDf herhuSmXiFJan- Dounues were liberally dispensed. was probably issued in last," uary M was during their young married life that month. "It is known that Mr. Pfeiffer, who was the old factory was built,- nn-- tha ;iiort kuu i mat;Q a man ot; varied accomnlish mP.TltiS. uraa'xrirf ri " grew, in a manner speaking," and prosperity " " the editor of. his wife's wkiVli works ally and success domestic, and financial, attended the happy couple. ; Hel was : tall and strong, passed out of her hands into his almost aa snnn and she was so petite that she could standwith-ou- t a3 committed to paper. In accordance with his wishes, the issue of "Flowers of t.h i stooping under his outstretehed arm. resumed by his widow at the earliest possible TO BE CONTINUED. moment." . .; - anti-slaver- y and-gracefu- lly I "u, i m m ; W nrl in nh;settle'nleulthirviIIage7Tna in fact had been the origin of the couutry-itsel- f; for one by one, the people had gathered there, to Now the get employment in the factory owner and proprietor had retired from the busy pursuits of active life, and the mill was allowed to stand idle: The master was weary with reafe-rejoici- ng J J- - ,. -- J " r . The mill had been built at an rarlv I. A. M. - -- - the heir to shore, leaving his t his wealth, and u.:L-cuancestral home. pride with her unsophisticated "Yankee" husband. Ihe omcer s daughter had received superior educational advantages, and her "accomplish ments were tar beyond those the country . . whom been her lot had but among cast; gins she never manifested the least consciousness of the fact; she had married the man of her choice, adapted herself to the habits and customs of the people, who were from henceforth to be her people. . A genuine sue aSUmea no nffMSor- lttUJ - tow and linen, were . -- , that the were never forbidden to play there. Adjoining the mill was a carding machine which still did regular duty; turning out in great abundance "the soft, white rolls that" were ?punon therearwheels in all the country houses, by the domesticated pretty girls. r- - Young ladies then, were quite as proud & ADDRESS TO Y. L. the 'sawmills further up among the hills were 1 Nit" .. 