WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 52 against; women votingrone is that women can-n- of government wilj remain the same, and there will' be the same kind of struggle for office,and the same kind of motives to gain office as there is now. There is a prejudice and it is nothing but a prejudice in the United States against woman suffrage, and it grows out 'of1 thaold condition in which we existed under the old common law, where the man was the head and body of the house, and when jvoman married, ot be drafted into the army, and therefore should not vote. Well have you not: found some men who would not make good soldiers? They say. a woman is not suitable for this, and that she is not suitable for that and so on. A 'jl : great many of the arguments brought against 'the women .can ateo be brought against the men. There are only a fear men who are fit You want to stud principles of government and that is one of the important things T think' this association should enter into. I think you will get a greater interest in your meetings if they do this. Take up principles of government, munjcipal government, county government, state government, and thenational government. You ladies should study these things. And another thing if they never understood these things how can the sense. ' she lost her identity., to bo leaders. ViA. taaoW - lior fhft' tniA nrinrinles nf There are certain leaders in the world that .1 do not believe that women will bo elected "J I UlULUl J " -Court of the - this government,, it she does not understand .have a peculiar force of character and in- - toJ)e. judgesLjof-theSuprea political right Uellect. It will be' so always m this world, and- United States.or commanding" officcre of militia them herself.- - Every boy-ha- s be President .of the United States, and - who of I believei in the .1other. There is one. intelli- - i or constables or .4anything Jo - .7 that kiridiJThe i sense " tne knows but your ooy may Decome president ot the community win selectill gencc aoove anomer as mere is one Eiar auove another, and the greater will lead the less. All offices which they are the best qualified to fill. You can't tell. Curious changes take place". .of the objections which can be brought up Don t you think a woman can be a treasurer You want to understand these things so as to We should about women can be brought against men. as well as a man can? There a re" wo men who teach them to your children. are fit to be treasurers, and I know of some who teach our children to oe onedient to tne law. jLueru is no rtusuu, x iuiuiv, wuy wulucu m tui5 1 . -- 'J IX o. '. cbuntry.should not have aright to vote. There handle the revenue of a city, county or other IT' community can nave oruer wimuui law is another reason I have, and it is this: The government better than some men I .have met. without law there - is no peace, and without franthe have laws of the United States I think certainly that the: good sense of , the peace there is. noiiappiness, and theibundation given chise to the colored people. 1 know a great community would select sucli an office'for the of happiness is laid in law. The great difficulty with a great ' many many women who ure more fit to exercise this women as they can fill with honor and profit, franchise than the colored people. Go among the but executive and judicial offices, if I had conparties i3 that they are not subject to restraint. " trol of things, should only be occupibyjmen people ol the south and mingle with them and They want to run wild. iThere is a spirit of ": exists.and of low order intelligence reg what a The female; mind "is "hot judicial. Women lnr1prpnrJpnro WAmnist. tiAt: inflnlfrA in nnr rViilrK . of who idea no have thousands see youiwill generally jump at conclusions, and what would ren. The principles of law should be underthe principles of this government who have the sometimes take ajnan an hour they observe in stood by the mother so that she may teach suffrage, while thousands of intelligent women an instant. Injudicial affairs it takes reason-:- , them r to her son, and 'that they may have a ' are denied it. ing. You ask a woman any question and her disposition to understand what law is. When will the all But if we objections analyze answer is "because." They jump at conclu voucome together let some ladies whose minds made against woman suffrage we will find Jhat. sions. They don't count i3 hopp run in that direction take ' up some principle of I ! Tl il .i iL.i maw IS UO and often reui uasis iui iucui, xuejf cajr ..inerc and explain it for the benefit skip jump; and they ligHt right on " TTT .1 ,1 il studytnese it will degrade a woman. How? They say she the mark. There are offices whicwmen jcan oin tneotners prin-- . 1 will have. tQL.minglein.the crowd would de iillimdagoos ciplcs, and if we find any weak places, find out if she votes. Well does she not mingle with termine what those would be; and therefore I how they can be shunned. We want to build the crowd when she goes to the theatre, in the think the time will come in the United States We up this government, not tear it down store, In places of business generally? Does she that the people will have seen that a3 a govern-.- , and down thesame thorough fores xM'ut"tif'tliY people, all iEFpeopie souid have , iiftt When vou eret the ballot use it wiselv Uamp ha ve to sleep in the , same the sometimes and vote. to right hot as a little bit of paper of no worth, but as I want you to understand me clearly, if I 'sleepers? Are they demoralized by that? Not .s and can make it plain to you: In your operations men '.the states so to - the polls like a bit. : They should have equal-rightratt ft in -" ' office hold privileges. At one time there was a great deal to.jobtain.the right te menrr you driven by orf l have heard of men being of ridicule when the women tried to study ior should not make the claim as a right; it is not carried to the polls, a ticket thrust into their the profession gf medicine. Now do women a right, it is a privilege granted by law. hands and held until thev had dven it to the I think there is another mistake made by the become doctors ies, auu no particular noise judge and then hustled out. I do not think wois madfl about it. - And so with everv profes- - ladies in their efforts to obtain this privilege.. men will do this, but I can't tell. I think ma-nwnmcn lawirora Wliw nmrvinn That. they are endeavoring to obtain an- - will trv to understand what thev are votingthey for. operate in Wall street in New York. Some amendment to the Constitution of the United and i thint they will vote tor good and wise States. I believe in Democratic principles. say it is unwomanly. Why should the woman men That will find out the best men for make to a she has This is a government in which certain things ofiices find they not have right money out the best fitted to fill the ability? There are many things that women are delegated to the general government of the thpm ana thPn rntA persons fn-hnnosf mon mi"n mnn are adapted to and so with men. Now let me - United- - States, -- and there are other powers and good men. By way of preparation for make a little explanation with regard to this which are retained by the respective states, that, learn to understand priciple3 of law and matter in which there is a great deal of mis This is the government for the government of the principles of government of each little and conception, that is that citizenship me suffrage unueu numoer oiates. or states, each. town, of localities, of the territories, f-the i ' are the same thing. lt.u mistake, -- of which i3 sovereignized in its own sphere," are" states, of the nation, and then go on if you have There are a great many citizens who do not joined together in the general government, and time law. the in enough to learn inter-nationhave each given up a portion of their rights to tercourse between one natron and another. except he be a citizen, though in some states this general government; and one of the rights Use your intelligence for good, virtue, order, persons who have declared their intentions - to which belong to them and which still remains peace and the maintenance of good order, and become citizens can vote, but as a rule no peri3 the right to regulate the suffrage. The govthe establishment of good government Women son can vote unless he is a citizen. Quali6ca-tionernment of the United' States derives its have a good deal of power. which- - is unseen. however, are different in different states powers from the Constitution, and it na3 no w oman s power. does m rule and and- to form its own powers and can exercise no powers as they dominion; but in only domestic influence that'quiet local laws regulating the right of suffrage and are defined in that. insrrnmAnf nrt tiTiflaw tKo which she exercises at home. If do not the qualifications of voters. That shows that it ha3 no power to regulate the matter. And get the suffrage, vou r position is iustyou as psspntial citizenship does not carry with it the nghtto so wnen me women go to Uongress and want as the of men. You can never be men position vote. Voting is a privilege, and not a right the Constitution amended,or the for if you regulation to be. There is no use trying. I try and suffrage comes by a grant from the legisto be altered, they are voting working against have heard women say "0 I wish I was a man ' lature. the fundamental principles of tha f!nntitn. L'Z pnlyforafew-:mi I observed in reading some of the young tion. chance to do good, as you ;;arfi...iNreither:-ca- n "" C . ladies - imimnls lisrassiniv ilhialrTiaTtov i , wa auu "vv iwuiw we ... oi3i,ci?5, KeuLiemeu protners p without the other, bur the Lord has they are going to be superior to men. There is are all brothers and sisters, Jew, Gentile all get along that to be a perfect 'revolution all over the United they should go together." Nature who dwell upon the earth are the children nf designed . . . I has f l M.l- uua. liu uunuu the path, and we see it in out " iu ueeome punued,and the great f ather. We are aU. brothers and formpointed every Of creation, in the fruits, the government is to be purified, and all movevegetables, for trees, sisters, nations- -; and in is male there ments which now actuate the people are goiug that dwell 5pdeeofjpne.J)lQQdjill and female. everything upon the earth. We are all there is anything which you are If to be obliterated. Everything is going to be children of the deprived great Father. So I say ladies of, struggle for it. Ask for is it lovely, and, I suppose, to use an oldphrase it, and sisters, your priviand brothers in your lege. Do not claim that you are so much "The goose is goiug to hang high" (laughter). efforts movegentlemen upon a sensible line. Do not better than the men; but contend for the iiifuus. m ugaen win not entertain the multitude to delusion or folly, prinsound reason, contend for the of great" such nonsense." I believe that women will have ciples privithings are being done and said. You " a right to vote, and that' when they, dothere' many who areorganized need notibliovv the ladies of leges you ought to have as --American: citizens; will be no perceptible change. The the United States into paths of folly and non- - and I tell you, Jf you can only: convert your principles own sex you can secure the rights of suffrage. , W A " me -- ! A a 1 1 1 . 1 Za-'.- .L : - the-steps- I -it Z self-governme- nt T , 1 Ye-sno- and-be-jostle- uid d- i ' - .... s - to-vo- A : TT- . 9 W t if -o- . . a-gre- al s, not-consi- each-state-has-a-- right st 5 -- -'-i . . A A -- ;"Tir"; V. -- . - -- . 1: 