WOMAN'S EXPONENT. AUT ' His face had a rigid expression; She always content looked, and gay, CLARA. And is she gone? that gentle soul, Passed to another sphere? .The rapturous joy which greets her there! The bitter sorrow here I No purer spirit ever dwelt - Within an earthly .frame ; Her charity.reached every heart It sought the blind the lame. ' lOO of the Church of Christ has any right to user or handle its efffcts, arid they who do will bo 1 in ine same preuicamenL as me enumit's oip it,.', intr Un lUiw AaaU .ikn nlf l iw Ani iuuiv luuaitv ui tut; uuvcuaui, ocna, wutu ere isiUxt-with Uod s- -j udgnients and were glad to return r, as God would not suffer it to be polluted, and the sacred things to be destroyed which ltxon tamed-- , The ten commandments wjsre preserved tiere in and handed down to us, one of them reads thus: "Thou shalt r,6t covet anything 'thy neighbor- hath." Yet what the Latter-dabint8 possess is coveted,, their lands and "chattels, and are taken by a process xf, law .Religion his countenance darkened, ' And brightened hers all the long day. Tiexipened crshirroTittrom heaven,As if heaven's keys he possessed; She inwardly carried a heaven " Of love and of peace in""her breast. I - ,1 - - Aye, she could" weep. Such tender tears, For others' woes they fell; ; So keen she felt your every smart, Her own forgot to tell, Our pari we gladly tellj The poor could tell the zoholr, And kind? Her verypresence was A benediction to the soul. .. Generous? Rest in earthy sweet rest in heaven, So let our sorrow cease. , - And all her words were Peace - I knew them, and thought it a pity That husband and wile were not "one;" His strength and herjich love united, What prodigies they could have donel : : : Sweet friend of my childhood, kind friend of my youth, ny sieep snaa ue peaceim, unDroKen my resi, Thy spirit, disburdened, shall sleep on God's breast. 1 Oh, well we remember, sweet spirit, the light y In the night we call death; yet in vain do we see, g of glory envelopeth thee. For the crease. Now, dear Saints, do not falter, but pay the sFvou "haveland tEe firsts "Bv' 6iDs tbi3 you will receive a greater, blessing. Malachi, day-sprin- Oh; many may erivy thy happier lot, To die in thylieauty, to live unforgot In the hearts of thy Toved ones; who ever will shed dead. The tear of affection, rememb'ring-thee j In songs with the angels thou taketh thy part, The glory of Heaven now filleth thine heart. now may ianguisn, no more iur uiy uiuw Shall they weave cruel thorns thou art slumbering now. rartn s woes The river of Heaven now laveth thy feet, Fair angels shall twine thee a bridal wreathsweet, And am'ranth immortal shall crown thy fair head Oh, inheaven they deem theeno dear one, as dead! Sweet, sweet be thy slumber, unbroken thy rest, sweet as a babe, on the Savior's kind breast; Sleep, '""""" 1 uod grant we meet tnee on Heaven s ongm iuuic, To part with thee, darling, in grief nevermore ! Ruby Lamoxt. . " int. - 'Z tti H E-AN- They connected themselves with the true Church of Christ, wherein is unity, from the beginning in the Chutch of Christ we' arc instructed and led by, the spirit of prophecy, which is the word of God and coming from Him is in full force through His servants holding the eternal Priesthood, and their word will have its fulfilment spoken by the power of the Holy Ghost, knowledge comes through thi3 source to the people and they become one, and except they are, Christ said, "They are not His." What then are our opposers trying to do? Disuuite'us, that we shall not be Christ's. But we will with our voice and mind pay our tithes and obey Him. Malachi: "Then they that feared the Lord spoke often one to another; and a book-o- remembrance was him for them that feared - the .Lord, and that - ' thought upon his name."- T "And they shall be mine, saith the Lord of hosts, in that day when I make up my jewels; and I will spare them,: as! a man spareth hi3 offense? y TO AMANDA. t 1 "They who are tithed shall not be burned," 60 saith the good book. Who are tithed that they may escape? We read again, "The earth shall be burned, and few men be left." A certain marshal has been appointed receiver of the property of the Church of. Jesus Christ of Latter-daSaints. This reminds me of an inscription placed over the body of our Savior. What does this language imply?-- It is evident to any Teflecting mind that they who meddle with snchhingswill-have-t- o give an account to Christ for taking that which was given according to Hi3 word. He did ' by command Saints to pay ment require the Latter-daand bands And with hearts willing tirhinry and pay a tenth ot their in- they c . , to"iuTftheir own partialcoriceptionsTWhy are the learned lawyers and Congressmen so tenacious about a few, that were cxpelfcd from civilization and sacrificed all they had of IITI possessions. ; nat was their great - 1 - y - In speaking and thinking and preaching . . He had the- cold doctrine alone In working and living and loving, A light in the darkness she shone.- - - - REMARKS ON TITHING BY ' SISTER. Susa Young Gates. For the ExroNENT. - Unity, Her jays were ways of pleasantness, A- -v- In meetings 'for schools, crVr missions, tie spoke with great unction aiid verve; She quietly, at he.- own fireside, Tried God and her neighbors to serve. Did she e'er laugh? I do noflcow,; , But ever on her face There shone A lovely cheerfulness, '" That lent it heavenly-grace- ,: . iii, 10: "Bring ye all the tithes into the store- house, that there may- be meat in mine house, and prove me now herewith, saith the Lord of hosts, if I will not open you the windows of heaven, and pour you out a blessing, that there shall not be room enough to receive it." - - f . ,hat"servcth him. "Then shall ye return, and discern between Vi rinrVttpnna And flift vriokd: hfttwpon him that serveth God and him that serveth him not." Some think that (bis was spoken only to -- the houseoTJsraelbutJvas plainly to the righteous, that thought upon the name of the Lord. We read that all shall be rewarded according to the deeds done in the body whether good or evil, and all will be judged out of the bookswritten. No- weapon formed Tagainst &onjshalL w eilded to bear false witness," or make partial laws for this people will fail and come to naught. They are far reaching, docs not the Catholic church and other churches own enough property to buy out the Church of Jesus Christ . ; : - The peopleconstitute the Church of Christ, and they own the property. God will sustain them in their rights. They gave it willingly for the building up of God's kingdom, and did not retain it to asrsrandize themselves. The peo- -pie appointed honorable. men by their voice, in pay their minis- whom they put their trust ana connaence, wnn orLaUerday Saints?They ters big salaries, and rent their pews for a sum This for that to it purpose. appropriate power -which we cannot affbrd;The scripis the kingdom that Daniel saw get up on the of money1 ,. say the Gospel is free to earth in the fast days, in the interpretation of tures the "Saw an St- John: angel flying through Daniel ii, 44: Nebuchednezzar's , dream. "midst of heaven, haying the everlasting Gos"And 7 in the days of these kins.: shall the to preach to every nation." Are the people God of heaven set up a kingdom, which shall pel anr more nrcnared to received it now, at this never be destroyed, and the kingdom shall not Savior. time than nd Weft to his -- Gospel preached ustthe consume all these kingdoms, and it He will have same now as then. Who will receive it, in its shall stand forever." "There was a stone cut Saints, and fulness? The Latter-dapurity smote the which image without hands, out and persecuted for , the in a great mountain, and filled the whole who are pure A heart, tithed people, sake. earth." What was in the dream was to be in truth's M. A. M. Pratt. the latter day sr when there would be tenTiings to represent the ten toes of the great image. at IVTreXdThat alHhingr-wi- ll There are 3000 women iiF cbarge-- of post- Latter-dathe beginning. The word to the States.- suffices in which Saints is, Kfifip my law of tithing, in the Union where shall be a standing law to my people forever."; OTher6 are fifteen States , Doctrine and Covenants. St-- John i: "In the if the wife wa3 unchaste at the time of mar-unknown to the husband, proof of the beginning was the Word, and the Word was raige, with God, and the ..Word was God." This the fact entitles the husband .to a divorce. There the Saints believe, that they must live is only one S.tat.(Westy Latter-da.the husband was unchaste before marriage, unby every word that proceedeth out of be known to the wife, proof of the fact entitles mouth of God. They believe the Bible to in West Virginia the word of God, that they should put works tli9 wife to a divorce. Even with their faith. No one that is not a member iq must have been notoriously' licentious. E& ; i all-mankin- in-tlieJa- yjiJ) epeople,-blitt-pieceaa- TRANSLATED O. D. A. FROM DE GENESTET. : . 1 once knew a wife and hmband,v;;--An orthodox preacher was he; He faithTuIIysfuck totbedoctriHe-- ; In little things" faithful was she. and-becam- ; : . ... n reputation . He had a Of piety from his own kind; round Je -Wherever sbejventshe spread mind. Ihe bliss of a true, loving well-know- He knew every word of the Scriptures; to be: She knew God her Father chief science; Theology was his was she. God's child and God's image sermons and preachers, i ifiainst heresy sharply be fought, No weakness escaped his attention; She silently did what she ought., Heriticised J y e V- be-Testor- eal t y y -- the-Unit- ed : 