WOMAN'S."' EXPONENT. 104 the association likely to do original ,work in science or literature. 'George Eliot as a Representative of Her times" was the title of the thesis which won Miss Street the prize. men." I believe the women of Utah .voted as : intelligently as men. . .... Mrs.- - Wells spoke of - the advancement women naa maae since tneir nrsi.orguuizauuu. and alluded to the special work accomplished - . - before Legislatures and Committees in modify ing the laws relating to property rights of women ana cpiiaren, giving some wsiauvca ui the cruelties and hardships under the laws as they formerly existed, &c. Hon. A. 0. Smoot eaid his sentiments were on recuru in ine legislature iuut jmcacu Suffrage Act. He advocated the principle be fore the Governer at that time and believed his sentiments had some effect. He believed it only a question oflime when the whole nation would yield to Woman the right of bun rage. 2 p. m. convention then adjournsd-unti- --- The l ' A work of more than ordinary interest will be made of the material which Maud Howe Elliot and her sister Florence Howe Hall, are now shaping for "The Life of Laura Bridg-man,- " famous deaf and blind mute. The work will contain an account of Miss Bridgman's .11 edu(ationr-b3rDr.amuel'G.-Howe,rhe- -- anQ-spirit- A IT A Jl T 17 V V ALU AD Lift Hill Genuine specimens or Wood, 25c. Fine Photo, of Hill and spot where the Golden Bible was found, coc. Autograph of Major Gilbert, who printed the first Mormon Bwle, 25c. Elegant Photograph of ALL Major GilbertAvith Autograph Letter,-5o-c. of the above, $1, Guaranteed genuine. Send e. VENTION."" T Annual The Twenty:second WashingtonrD m i rt n woman i' win ue ineiui v;., tit vx)nvenuon ounrage f-- r . . 1 . 1 1 in the Church of our Father, corner of L. and 13th streets, ion Tuesday. Wednesday. Thursday and ; Friday, February 18th, 19 th , zyin uuu ubi, i cvu. itaa at ine ivigg s House on the afternoon of Monday. February 1 in, win do an executive session oi me officers and delegates of the several states and territorial suffrage societies, at which it is hoped states and five every one of the forty-tw- o uv tvibcvuiiu icitHviiva XQtouuo rrisu , . of-Ston- ? ? a -- ual - "at-onc- - Agents Wanted. "MORMON HILL EXCAVATION CO., ' 1- - Main Office i: Palmyra, N. Y. Dr. Alice B. Stockham, who is now in Europe, was the guest of the Baroness Gripen-berin Finland recently, and was given a re ouBifT) Tinlroto ception by theVomen's Club of Helsingfors. She was the first American woman to be thus honored. Dr. Stockham had a very warm re ception. When she left Helsingfors, the ladies of the Women's Club came to see her off at the railroad station, each armed with a bouquet, which the? pinned to Dr. Stockham's dress, till she looked like a dower-garde- n. i3 now in Paris, and i3 expected home about Christmas. Ex. UW'aZp 7' Dr.-Stock-- ham ON SALE PRINCIPAL POINTS 1 EAST, WEST,; NORTH and SOUTH OBITUARY. Died in the 14th ward, Salt Laie City, of bid age, Oc." tobcr 26, 1889, Sister Ann Clewley. Sister Ann was a faithtion should " address the Secretary of the ful and devoted Latter-da- y Saint and diligent in the duties Committee of Arrangements, Rachel Foster pertaining thereto. The deceased was in her 88th year at Avery ,748, jNorth 1 9th, street Philadelphia. the time of her death, and had been a member of the Church for forty years. She was a woman of great energy Pennsylvania. of character perhaps stimulated, by having been compelled through circumstances to make her own way in the world NOTES AND NEWS. in early life. She was born in Sticksforth. Lincolnshire. England on the 24, of April 1802. Her parents died when Mrs. 'Stonewall" Jackson is writing,v,,a she iras a very small child and her grandmother took care husband. her of biography of her until she was twelve years of age, when she too was A new club to be known as the Arts and taken from her by death, and the little Ann was thrown upon her own resources. In 1823; she went up to London Letters club, is being formed in London. and found employment in a gentleman's family where .sheArD ora noorlir 1 ft AAA wnmon remained until 1834 when she was married to William W. Clewley and moved to Leamington, Warwickshire. in England, and 347 who are blacksmiths. Afterwards herself and husband and also a niece of the Dr. Alice Stockham recently spent five days husband heard the Gospel preached and embraced it being at St. Petersburg, after which she visited baptized by Elder Alfred Cordon in 1849; they started fof Count Tolstoi at his coun e. America the same year coming by the way of New Orleans, " ,L arriving in St.- - Louis the following January. re Lady Forester sends each week to the mained there for three months and then went toThey Council factory girl3 of London upwards of 2,000 Bluffs and were counseled to settle there. uuuuiict w uvnois, gaiucrcu uj lue servants oil Brother Clewley had been an invalid for several years, her estates.-and while he was at the Bluffs he was taken down with Mrs. Ada C. Bittenbender, the well Iknown mfiammatory' rheumatism, and during his illness Sister will represent the de- - Clewley was obliged to dispose of her clothing .and other lawyer of 1Nebraska, 1 ... . . 1 l i things to procure necessaries. These were the panmeni. oi legislation ana petitions at the when the Saints were passing through the scenes ofdays ad-National, Convention. were force of circumcompelled ihrough versiryan6rmany stances to do the same as this good woman. She nursed Harriet Beecher Stdwe is an honorary member of the Author's Club of New York, and her husband faithfully for which labor she was peculiarly the only woman writer connected with that adapted, and she also labored hard to obtain means to "bring them toXTtah. .' organization. Ihey left Council Bluffs in 1852, Brother Clewley had No woman has all the rights she needs unti to be lifted into the wagon when they started on the the thought' she cherishes and the conviction journey. He died on.the 12, of Julyjust as they arrived that burns in her heart on any great public at the Platte River, after ten months of severe suffering. Sister Clewley arrived in Salt Lake City the 2nd, of question can be put Into suffrage language. ing copies of the Constitu- National-America- n ro?l-Tvial7-n- va A.X UNION C. TICKET OFFICE, Main Street, Salt' Lake City. E. ING ALLS, J. V. PARKER, City Pass. Agt. Div. Pass. Agt. .'THOMA! EMPOBIUI EA&LE SAIT LAKE CITY. try-estat- j ' . The Leading Retail C asli TEI erase 7 E xr sirp QMAi T ' Oc-tob- er llevSE.A.Hortoru 1852. -- The University of Pennsylvania refuses to be bulldozed by its ungallant students, and will admit young women into ;its classes. It will be interesting now to see if - the young men crry out their threat and quit tBe-We gue83 they won't. Boston versity. .. Herald. Un . Miss Ida M. Street is the name of the young woman who has won the fellowship offered by the Collegiate Alumnse for advanced study in foreign universities bv pradnatp? nf- 11 ' - wvvJ AAA -- ' Special to the Ladies, AT' TEASDEL'S and JViU be found th latest styles pioductions LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES," FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES r. " Yhcn4he writer became aequninted with- - the sister- - now" And an elegant assortmenf of deceased she was the wife of Elder Phineas Kichards, and : she was for many years an active and faithful teacher in the Special department for Ladies' Misses' and In Relief Society of the 14th ward, and 'prompt in all her fant's Shoes. Society duties and also an excellent nurse among the sick 112, 114f 116, 118 East Temple Strtet "which calling she followed for years;; There are who many will remember her speaking in, the sisters meetings in the 14, Ss 'CO. IDTsTTJD ward and also in little companies and parties to which she was often invited especially of later years. Her great age-aTINNERS GAS.WATER & STEA M FITTERS experience gave herwisdom in spiritual matters which she never tired of imparting, or of Agent for IttJMSEYS celebrated LIFT and FOIWK bearing testimony to PUMPS. Pumps Repaired on short notice. Orders Jrftx-the truth of the Gospel. But our dear sister has to gone the . . . t cocntry promptly responded to. tucr resx m peace ana ner reward u sure. -"- Blessed are ar AlirMi,- - SJL7I3 J A1JI3, Bex SOS. EUTLiXS COT. GOODS; r)K"Z" 4 T-A.2v- nd . e -- g, WASHINGTON ANNUAL ' SOUVENIRS from Mormon -- r-in: i'- j: i it 1j cx- tellcctuai oeveiopmcut, aimtracts from a series of iournals and diaries which she kept. A number of unpublished letters from Charles Dickens, Charles Sumner, Longfellow, and others will be a feature. Ex.' . the dead which die in the Lord from henceforth: Yea, saith the Spirit, that they may rest from their labors; and their works do . follow them.". :.::r;7T:.Zri7r"."T','T" . Com. . ES 