W.OMAN'S EXPONENT, thinking they were incapable of managing and years upwards had been very busy with their successfully conducting their meeting and jieedles and , crochet hooks. - Our- - fruit and other matters growing out of such an organiza-- " vegetation were excellent and luscious. There tiou. But time ha3 proven to the contrary. was some work .which - was done by brethren and now the lieliet society in its several while boarding with Uncle Sam which deserved branches is regarded as one of the great ad- - praise. There were 3 paintings by H. H. iuncts of the spread of the Gospel in the Petersen Jun: exhibited, which called forth' Hawaiian Mission. considerable praise for hisrfirst attempt A Sistere were called and set .quilt was shown to us which took 10 Representative years to as Missiouaries.who travel visited save all the little pieces. have to nnart Every piece being all the branches of the Society and where the spun ami wove in the family. It is impossible numbers would iustilyjjranches-wererganizeto - d o j xn t ice to al T'w h 6 ;hTad "so Tea rhes tly7 labored and contributed for the fair iti this .l.ara km r imniKprsi urniilfl. rut inctifv an rr short article. - It certainly took great patiehce " ganization; have also done gome traveling and earnest work to maYetvhritTeally7 in which we have experienced great pleasure was, a successful fair. and enjoyed much of the Spirit of the Lord xours lruly, even to the shedaing oi tears, at the mannesta- J. Wray. , . i 1 d w -- :. : " iillUOl. Ui VU1 iittllUIIUU If Vi u& 1IUU1U W0MEN-A3--REF0RMER- couragement you may in your, wisdom" feel to to do all we give, as we are young, but striving ' " . . can in our feeble way. With kind regards to yourself and all the inn eiafflra Jn T rpmflin vAiir phlnhnTor in tno" - cause of truth. .1 QUA A ..-Wa-,- - : - - - Lucy M.King. j .. ji y RUM' rrtrrrrrrrr Primaries of Hyrum ward, and shortly after PresvMarthaAllen-o- t first district. Singing; "Gladly Meeting.'1 Prayer by Stake counselor Emma-Pikerepeated by the whole congrega tion. Singing, "JNow let us rejoice" etc., IVlinu ets of October 2nd 1888 were read and A n nn u ujin l muuai v accc i c uui to i uiu Aim 11uax xiccu. Besides an in "the 3 districts were read. and crease of membership hearty responses to exercises auouea tnem. i.nere nas oeen in the whole ward about 50 dollars donated . and gathered bv these- - primanes. 34 dollars of this has been used to gatherpoor children irom Europe. Over 4 dollars towards a sacrament for other. good ..andset tor meeting houVe and t i j praiseworthy purposes nas the rest been used. Thev have also made 6 quilts" which were on 1 1 ."k St. "v 4-- 11 1 " S 'r-.W& - exhibition at the fair and. l'urnished18yards of i t i e good carpei ior meeting, nouse tscauu. ou.j Him me roei, xiuiy vc They are the busy bees of Deseret. Many good and appropriate,, exercises were rendered and we could truly echo during the meeting . L - M4 U i me seuuuieuis uj. tue spt:ai--t.r- i marxea been made. Pres. has Jane E. improvement and Emma Pike Molen, sisters Mattie Hanson rher counselors,," logethe- witBTbur worthy Bishop made some excellent and timely remarks, showing the mission before us was to build up the Kingdom of God; to exercise nome-maa- 1.- A- .. the spirit ol kindness. against profanity aud disobedience. Guard manners, .nnnnt.nfilitr- - Nnf. frt liSf. Observe tahnnrn nrsltr fn "bruises and sick cattle and gave other good and valuable instructions.. All officers were unanimously sustained with two changes. Singing, "In our lovely Deseret." Benediction by 0. H. Rose, brought a profitable and spirited ' meeting to a close. " k 2 p. m,. The Primary Fair was opened iu the school house. The sum of 5 cent3 being the admission fee. Together 'with many others I And to say the fair was a grand success would be only what it merited. The indefatigable labors of Prests. Counselors and members in arranging and making the Fair, are very commendable. Our boys with., case and pocket kniyesseemedtoTOiiareheen very busy in making ladders, rakes, wagons "and many other things. Ourgirls alL thalwayJrom 3, : n , jum, a instance of ti W--..- J : President and Ladies: I have chosen to speak to you this evening on the subject of Women as Reformers. At the same time my inability to do even partial so 7 grand a theme. justice lo It i3 well( known to- all those who arein the leasf familiar withthe history of the" past and present, that the path of reformers of either sex has not been strewn with roses, and especially is this true of the brave pioneers who have dared to step aside from the path which man with innate selfishness has decreed "for ages pastrthat womansbould tread. In the first half of the present century many of our sister workers in the Suffrage cause manifested the true martyr spirit in the interest of freedom and equal rights. Of this class Mrs Stanton says or Abby Kelly Foster, "that if she had lived in the days of martyrdom she would have been burned at the stake."- Suffice it to say she continued to expound her convic tions in the face of difficulties which would have appalled any but the stoutest ' hearts. buffering aJl kinds of persecution, scorn ndi cule and violence. Speaking whenever, and -- " , Oct. 2, was the anniversary meeting of the . s dughjofjistiuguished when she . - ' wherever he could find an' audience, whether in barn, schoolhouse or the open air. She .with many others in the early days of the anti slavery conflict endured the double odium 'of being Abolitionists and 'women out of their ' .' : sphere." At the World's Convention held in London in 1840 the women delegates were denied admission as delegates, simply because they were wpmen not fr n ess, as we can see at once, when we know that the delegation comprised such, leading spirits as Lucretia Mott, Emily Wihslow, and Anne Philips, with others of like fame. Among the women lecturers of this century we find Mary Ashton Livermore among the most noted; From sketches of her early life we find that the natural bent of her mind was shadowed forth even in her childhood, much to .Judge;.andOii-one-occasio- n appeared before the her native state as a champion of the "unpopular cause of "woniahV righls, she rnade use ofthe following words in the course of her grand argument. "Yes, gentlemen, .we the dfttlfrhtfra hf thp' -Rftvnliitinniirv liPrAna nf o ". demand at your hands the j redress of our grievances, a revision of your State Constitution and a new code of laws." At the close of ed her -- speech which - had to by a brilliant and: talented audience, she was approached by an eminent lawyer who had known and revered her father, and who congratulated ner-o- n ner success as a speaKer, assuring her that her father, the distinguished Judge Cady, could not have excelled her,ttis tribute she doubtless considered sufficient praise. It has been said of Mrs. Stanton that she has been quoted, ridiculed and abused into a national fame. In fact such has been the fate of all who have .represented the cause of woman. When their arguments have been conclusive and unanswerable their opponents have always resorted ..to . ridicule and abuse which provt3 I. it- - S. Mrs." " this wo are told that she is a model wife and mother, and an exemplary housekeejpeF, notwithstanding we are often told by our brother man that the two vocations are absolutely in . compatible. writers andj-eformerProminent among the of the present century we find the venerable Elizabeth Cady Stanton, now nearing her 73rd, h!rflirlV- - ftVio naa tnont n5rtrlir Kolro rtnnfuvrr in ably ad vocating the good cause.She is the Legis--lature-- of been-listen- -L .. ine weaKuess oi lutir position. Miss feusan 15. Anthony next claims our attention as an earnest and efficient worker in the cause of Temperance and equal rights. She began life as a school teacher,- - receiving the munificent salary of $8.00 per month, although being credited by school superintendents with having the best disciplined school and most thormifhlv taught scholars in thp. f Vmntv, Still at the same time for the same work Jess well performed they were paying men teachers $30.00 per month." The manifest injustice of this policy struck her very forcibly when after 15 years faithful labor and by practicing the closest economy she had saved $300. Thisr experience taught her the necessity of woman's contending for ber rights, and when the -r- momentous question began to be agitated, she was .prepared to enter the contest heart and soul. She is and ever has been a friend to the oppressed, and was an active and faithful wnrlfpr in t.hft A ht nanvf until tha Emancipation proclamation rendered it no longer necessary. It has been said of her that she deserved the fame she has gained as a reformer and that she will be remembered by future generations when all strife and controversy concerning woman's rights shall have . thedismay-ofhersteniNew-Engla- parents,- - nd who had been born ami orougnt up in tne creed that it. is unseemly for a woman to speak in public. She would frequ en tly collect an audience of her schoolmates and speak to them with such fervid , , passionate, eloquence as to move them to laughter or tears as the occasion and her subject demanded, for which she was severely punished by her father, who was an orthodox ,Bapti3t deacon, who held very radical ideason the proper sphere of woman He, always leplored the fact that she had not been: born ,a boy .that he might have educated her for the ministry as he wa3 sure she would have, made a famous preacher. However it appears that the accident of sex could not control her destiuvT and despite the fact of her being "a worn tu we find her in her maturer years a beneiactor to her race, a lecturer to whom the masses delight to -l- isten,- and - in- - addition to" . Among those women who deserve honorable mention for haying the courage of their convic-tion- s ' rand not being afraici "toMfi'Tbrwbman'i cause are the sisters Abhv and Julia fmifK nf Glastonbury Conn. Descended from Revolutionary "ancestors they firmly believed the doctrine that "taxation without representation They were determined to stand belief their at whatever cost to themselves by Consequently rather than voluntarily pay taxes is tyranny," a ' governmeut-J- which they had neither rydicernpl'.-thej-;-- ' allowed tha sheriff to dispose of their cattle each year for the payment of their taxes. Of course this resulted in pecuniary loss to hem, but it prevented the sacrifice of a principle which was dearer to them than their worldly goods. lience they have earned.the right to be classed among the reformers of our day and age. AH honor then to the brave women who have been first and foremost in the great work of reforming the wrongs of ages; wnb Tiave en to 8uppor , n 