WOMAN'S 76 Lorenzo Snow, as President of the Twelve :. members of the Council of Twelve Apostles Apostles. in Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms: PublLshed no copy one year, f i.00; one copy tlx months, 50 ctf No eduction tnado for clubs. City papcrs "dcilvcrcd ' c jttra for postage one year, 25 eta. Advertkinz rates: Each square, ten. lines of" nonpareil X liberal discount S3.00. ipace, one time, WW, per month, . o rerular advertisers. rr Exponent office," No." 25 ., South Temple Street,second 'gate east ol Deseret News Office. Business hours from 10 to 5 p.tn. every day. except Sunday. .. Address all business communications to semi-monthl- First Presidency. -- Editors RmmutiR Br WELLS,': y, - -- . As Lorenzo Snow, Franklin D. Richards, Brigham John easdale, Heber J. Grant and YoungsesTtchejrFran ' by-'mai- to communicate with him by writing. Address f Daniel Graves, Pro vo, Utah Co. Utah- .- Mrs. M. E. Vanschooven of this City wfco '.has been engaged in medical studies'arid "practice for some years past, and has become so well and favorably known in that depajtment, has gone in the Joseph F. Smith, as Second Counselor Woman 'S Exponent -- EXPONENT lr f HrSmithTGeorge John W. Taylor. x , ' v - 'l arose and spoke as follows: - I wish to say to this assembly of Latter-da- y Saints that there are three vacancies in the Quorum of PUBLISHER WOMAN'S' EXPONENT, the Twelve Apostles, in consequence of the orSAULLAJKJBjCrxy Utah. ganization of the First Presidency. We have felt -Entered at the Tost Office in Salt Lake City, Utah, as that it is time to fill that quorum now, this conSecond Ga$ Matter, ference, and the. people should be prepared for a-- m , . -- 15, 1889. THE OCTOBER CONFERENCE, the presenting Iby the Twelve Apostles of such names as they may feel by the Spirit of God to be worthy and proper persons to receive this orThese dination or to occupy this position. .. T tT l i. i r Apostles are rropneis, oeers auu xvcvciaiuis. x have confidence in them; I believe they have power to present such things as would be in The General Conference held during this month . -- , : . ' - commencing on Friday the 4th, inst. was one of the "most interesting and certainly one of the largest that has ever convened. Thousands of people from the several Stakes of Zion, came iong distances, hundreds of miles to attend, and Salt T nit onrl PTmntir rnn mxc( a rrnnH rpnrpspn- tation in numbers. The people flocked daily -morning and evening in immense crowds. Look ing upon the assembled multitude one would not De llKeiv 10 conciuue uiai iuunuuuiMu was uyingouias uas uccu picuiiicu uy wic uutjiuc world. greater-intere- st There has never-beer mani Saints in the teaching fested by the Latter-daand instruction given, than at the late Conference. Indeed the Saints seemed so desirous of spiritual n- y. vilt.UjJUU IIICII LUUU ujsjsui . "1 1 1 ,1 i . t leuances, as iney sai anmisienea a 1 10 me words of Tlifejand addressed them from time to time. It was impos sible for all who wished to gain admittance, and J uvcuiuvv c on auiiuay auciuuuu au raeeung was held in the Assembly Hall to accommodate some ui iuuac,wuu vvcic miAiuuj. iu aucuu auu aiSQ inai ' 1 wilU-GodrTheyzif- the: "Apostles) presented to me a list of names. I wish here to say, and I wanfirunderslooo, that neither myself, President George Q. Cannon nor President Joseph F. Smith, who are my Counselors, presented any of these names. We left it with the Quorum of the Apostles. I became thoroughly satisfied that they had upon that list such names as would be acceptable unto the Lord. We took those names and made.it 3 matter of. prayer, and. the Spirit of the Lord manifested unto me those whom we should appoint. They have all been accepted by the Quorum of the Apostles as well as the Presidency of the Church. I have a reason for making these remarks. Alter president WoodrufTJiad takcu iits seat, President Cannon resumed authorities, submitting the names ofthe following three brethren for appointment to the Apostle-shito fill the three vacancies in the Quorum of the Twelve before referred to: Mariner W. Merrill, Anton H. Lund, Abraham" H. Cannon. . Counselors to the Twelve Apostles John W. .' Young and Daniel H. Wells. u The Counselors in the First Presidency and the Twelve Apostles with their Counselors, as Prophets, Seers, and Revelators. Patriarch to the Church : John Smith. First Seven Presidents ofthe Seventies: Henry Herriman, Jacob Gates, Seymour B. Young, C. D Fjeldsted, John Morgan and B. H. Roberts. Wm. B. Preston as Presiding Bishop, with Robert T. Burton as his First and John R. Winder as his Second Counselor. Franklin D. Richards as Church Historian and General Church Recorder. John Jaques as Assistant Chufch Historian and General Church Recorder. As the Church Board of Education : Wilford p, -- ; partaking the Sacrament. There were in attendance at this Conference. Pres. Wilford Woodruff and . Pres. George Q. Cannon,of the First Presidency, and of the Apostles Pres. Lorenzo Snow, Moses Thatcher, I. M. Lyman, Johjirienry Smith, H. J. Grant, and John'W. Taylor, also Daniel H. Wells and John vv. luuug. npusuc rrauK.uu u. ixicaaruS . WHO has been for some time suflefing from rheuma tism was only able to attend and fill his place among the general authortties on Sunday and not strong enough to address the congregation. -- session on Sunday was one of speciat1nteresti:o the congregatrorrx)f-therLatteday Saints. After the opening exercises usual in the regular services of the Church, liie-morni- . ng r- PRESIDENT WOODRUFF Woodruff, Lorenzo ;: Mrs. Zina D. H. Young has received a very pleasant letter recently from Wm. Cox Allen M. Dt a resident of Ft. Mc'Leod, Canada, in which he expresses himself much pleased with the acquaintance of Mr. and MrsCard and family and were at the time of writin"hisguests; anoThe also mentions his great regret in not meeting Mrs. Young when she visited her daughter last year and politely invites her to come again, when he, hopes to have the honor of her acquaintance not only at the residence of her daughter, but to entertain them all in his own home, Mrs. Zina Y. Card speaks of Dr. Allen in a letter to her mother as one of the honorable men of the earth, extremely kind to our people, and quite interested in the principles of the Gospel; she describes him as elderly with slbow white hair and as resembl-- . ing the late President Taylor. 1 1 Snow, George Q. Cannon, now-rema- in- . -- October for-so- me Arbor, Michigan. : She left the city in S eptember -and will not return until June of next year;A8 Mrs. Van has "made herself quite helpful to the people here she will be greatly missed by a wide circle of friends and patrons. Dr. Pratt will have charge of Mrs. Vahschopven's patients, in her absence. Her address is No. 6, Church Street, Ann Arbor, Michigan. .. . Salt Lake City, time,lbut; will " permanently until she has finished a thorough course of medical training in the college at Ann previously, -- - " " East tafinislr her studies-- iTiedicinenfl surgcry" in order to graduate as a regular MJDMrs. Vanschooven has been at. college "in 'Ann Arbor : .'RESIDENT'- - WltrORD " WOODRUFF. :: -- . ( Atthispoint ; -- . - The inaugural meeting after the summer vacation of the Y. LM. I. A. of the 17th ward in this. dty -as- -held at'lhr rBidelQ . Dougall, Thursday evening September 19th, Mrs; Julia C. Howe presiding. Mrs. Dougail's large and commodious parlors were well filled and the exercises were of a most pleasing character. The roll call was responded to with a motto or verse and after singing, prayer was offered by Dr. Maggie C Shipp. The exercises were so diversified and arrangedTas :tojbe vastly entertaining . instead of a sameness as is frequently, almost unavoidably the case.. There are some very talented young ladies in this Association and they combine their efforts on such occasions to make a success. Their President Mrs. Howe has taken unlimited pains to develop the spiritual talent and gifts of the girls over whom she has presided with un'. common tact and dignity. There were excellently written articles on religious subjects and a correspondence between two; young girls Miss Nettie Alder and -- Miss Lucy S mith essavs Mi F 11 9 Dal!as and other young ladies- - wnose names are notknown to the writer.that were SDeciallv rhmVp? treating upon topics that few young women would have selected much less been able to handle, yet " these girls discussed the grave questfons in a 'very able manner, and certainly deserve the commen-dationthose who had the pleasure of listening. A song or rather a hymn was rendered in most a effective style and particularly voice good by Miss Viola Pratt there was telling instrumental music 0Q .the Piano by Miss Margie Dwyer, and later in . . said: I will say to this assembly that we purpose Karl U Maeser, Willard Young, George W to attend to our businesss matters this morning. Thatcher, Amos Howe, Anton H. Lund, James Lri-.' inere are quite a numoer pi stakes irom which Sharp. we have not yet received reports; hence we snal Joseph Don Carlos Young, as General Church not present a statistical statement to the ConferArchitect. ence. We purpose this morning to present the John Nicholson, as Cleric of the Conference. uuiuuiitiwo ui iuv vuun.ui ikoiuUi VctulIUU Will "theeveningaduetbylMissisM. E,apdw;c,Prat " action. subminhemfdf"your .,,:..JIII2J the positions specified was unanimous. Brief remarks were also made by several of the President George Q. Cannon then presented invited visitors, Sisters M. A. Freeze, Nellie the authorities to be voted upon bv the ' EDITORIAL NOTES. Mary P. Young, Elder Junius F. Wells, . as follows; assembly, Elder Noel, W. B. Dougall and Sisters B. W. Willford Woodruff, as Prophet, Seer and Brother Graves of Provo, Supt. of Utah County Smith, Rv B. Pratt, S. M. Kimball, E; B. Wells latorand President of the Churchof JesusiChrist SUk,Asspcfation wants to hear of all those who and Zina D. H. Young. The of Latter-daSaints in all the world. evening was in very wish to go into the silk raising either in Utah or deed a most profitable one and many valuable George Q. Cannon, as First Counselor in the. adjacent. He would like such persons as desire were made both by the exercises and suggestions First Presidency. y to interest themselves practically in tht sPcak"s. After reading of programme sing-- of t & Cole-broo- k, y j seri-cultu- re ... 