WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 122 - . 11 i i enan oe. a president, irora eacni of the states and territories, corresponding arid exe- recordingsecretaries, a treasurer, and an : cutive committee of cot less" than five. 1 of the, members of the Association; and co operate together with fbe members in enconrag ing young peopleto speak, write 'essay and discuss questions upon political- matters and other subjects as Art. 5. A quorum .of the executive com- - "civil go verri men t, and such in- m it tee shall cons ist of.ni o e, and alCbfhcr3oX relate thereto; and Jnvite those not already terested in suffrage, and encourage them to of thi3.Association,.jha'U.be.;.tfxoJii()ljnember3 r .i i become acquainted with the . objects of the inis committee, wan power to vote. Art. G. All - woman suffrage societies organization. " L ARTICLE Vri. throughout the .country shall be welcomed as The names of delegates to the Annual Con appointed representativ.e&shall ft recognized a? vention of the N. ,W. S. A. at Washington --members ot the JNationaL Association sbajt he; presented and voted upon at mj'etingof the Association, previous to Chairman:- "You have heard the Constitution: said Convention, or a specialrueeting called w uc is i.iJt; pleasure, .ui gt a-- , delethe meeting?" Mrs. Alderi, "X move it be for the purposed r Tlie Credeiitials of the be prepared bv the ExecutivfrCon . ... shall adopted." This motion was seconded bv a larrre gates l' AiTK 'i mittee and ny me umcers oi properjy signed I".; number of ladies present, and the Constitu- : Association, y r r" tion wa3 adopted. Chairman suggested that some one nominate a--J ARTICLE VIJT. Ooraraitteeon Mrs. Dougall moved All official 'papers and documents shall be that the Chairman appoint the Committee. Chairman appointed Mr3. Lottie Young, .Mrs. signed by the President and Secretary, or, in Julia C Taylor, Edith Knowlton, Committee the absence of the' President, next in order, and all official correspondence on Committee retired.""" must be signed by the Chairman of the Execu. While the Committee were out Mrs. C. I. Committee and the Corresponding Secre: Kirby addressed the audience. She spoke of tive ' : .' tary. be1 the advantages to derived froms woman ARTICLE IX. suffrage,, and presented some of her views and the information she had obtained at home and Regular meetings of this Association shall abroad in regard to woman's work and influence. beheld once a month, and such business tran When Mrs. Kirby concluded, Mrs. Jane B. sacted as shall be brought to the attention of Richards was called for, but declined; and Mrs'. the meeting by the Executive, Committee or Z;:I). H. Young responded to her name, and the Secretary, .or other .officers, after which addressed "thenneetingr HetspehWMnelo-- " miscellaneous business or discussion will be in and she the to heart: quent pathetic; appealed order. . vice-preiae- Xellie . Second Third - ,7 v . i nt By-Law- s. -- : . , W I V f 1 A.. X A lill A'llll nr I i II II II I o and her gracefully conveyed, that heart wa3 touched in a tender place. every The Committee came in and reported, and Mrs. Julia C. Taylor read the s and the After Regulations." reading some one moved that they be read and voted upon separ- icij. s xiiu oeureiury reuu as requested, ana the and Regulations were adopted separately. The following is a copy: 'ARTICLE X. ideas-wres- "By-Law- By-Law- By-law- and Regulations s ' ARTICLE I. ." This Association shall be called the Woman ' Suffrage Association of Utah. . " J n 7 ARTICLE The object of the Association shall T)e: to work for the enfranchisement of, all women, without regard to party, sect, or creed, and to take such steps from time to time as shall seem to be wise and expedient for the political advancement of the women of this Territory. ARTICLE III. The officers of thi3 Association shall be aj a Secretary, President, three Corresponding Secretary and Treasurer. jwith Vice-Presiden- ts, nn ' - v ARTICLE IV. Wf.mn tncmKaM All TVprsnns wisthmcr tn P this Association must pay an initiation fee of uu. auuuuuy, uuu must give or send their names with the money to the Secrelarywho will present them in the order of business to N. the next regular meeting for admission. . . A punctual attendance of the members is particularly requested, in order to further the interests of the whole, and to promote harmony in all plans and methods of organized work. All local suffrage associations that may be organ ized throughout th e Terri tory, by adopting these. rules, or similar ones, and the Constitution of the N. W. S. A., shaliV considered auxiliarie3i antL their representatives or delegates will be expected to attend. a Territorial n should one be called, and entitled to the privileges pertaining thereto- Suffrage-Conventio- A suggestion was made in reference to delegates to the Kational Woman Suffrage Convention to be held in Washington, D. C., Jan. 21, 22 and 23, and Mrs. Kirby nominated Mrs one of the delegates, Emily & Richards "as " whichwas .seconded and sustained by unani-mon- s vote. Mrs. Margaret Caine was then nominated by Mrs. Alder, and the nomination seconded she was chosen unanimously. 'I he Credentials for the delegates were alluded to and the officers were reminded that the Executive Committee were authorized to prepare tnei Creden tiali The ladies ame -- for ward amL gave their names to the" Secretary, and aboafj one hundred were, enrolled members of the : ' Association. ' An adjournment w'a moved, as there was no further business .and the motion being seconded the meeting was adjourned for one month, notice of time and place of meeting to be published by the Secretary. - ' - . The --officers of. 'n T?i..'ii - this.'.. Association, lit,.-- t , 7 .it "i" i v - O ' , ' ; " ' Emily S. Riciiards, Ch. Ex. Com. N. W. S. A. for Utah. iu w r and Regula-'tion- s change k ,pr amend the at any Executive session, and shall then submit them to the regular meetini!. whem they may be adopted; by a majority vote! By-La- OFFICERS. with the ws ARTICLE VI. ' : .. ' r: " " The Executive Committee shall devise plans of work suited to the development and progress . WOMAN SUFFRAGE ASSOCIATION OP UfAer Margaret Caine, President: Juydia D. . Alder, First Vice-Presiden- t; Secretary ; Treasurer. al s. -- - Margie Dwyer, PLEASANT PARTY.' A number of the officers of the Primary Associations of DavisStirke met atthe resi- dence of Sister Aurelia S. Rogers, at Farming- - I Vice-Preside- , Corresponding Secretary. - isy-Law- , Charlotte I. Kirby, ' 1 . Vice-Preside- nt; - . 1 - Ch. Ex. Committee; CORNELTAH-rCLAYTON- . the-an-nu- t; Maria xoung Dougall -- -- Vice-Presiden- PrisciLla Jennings'Riter, - .4 ' Webb er, - ton,rDeo2Sf 1B88, tov.manifest their apprecia- tion of bet past labors, in the form of a surprise, she having been confined to her bed for nearly six weeks. Her First Counselor, SisterJulia Hess, was unanimously chosen to take charge of ,Jhe -- exercises which consisted of remarks from all the sisters present, ahd songs from the Primary Hymn Book; also an original poem was rendered by the author, Counselor Lucy A. Clark; After listening to many .expressions of affection and words of encouragement from the sis- ters, Si?ter Rogers sat up jn her bed and though, very weak, said words could not express her gratitude to the! .sisters who had come to see hrT.for.jhewouldDever forget it though there were some of the presidentsrabsent, yet she thought of them all, and all seemed a3 dear to her as her own sisters. She cherished the love and good wishes of the sisters more than gold or silver. During, her sickness she had been near the "other side," but thought that if God would spare her longer she would serve Him better. Feared that we allowed our minds to 'dwell more, on. the.things of this world than on the things of God, which is not right; knew, she would be better. She blessed the sisters in all their outgoings and incomings, and invoked the blessings of God upon all His chosen ones. The Primary hymn, "Kay, speak no ill," wa3 sang, after whtch her Counselors. presented her with a beautiful plush wrap, bought bythe Primaries of the Stake, which was received with gratitude unspeakable. The sisters then sung, "The Spirit of God like7 a fire i3 burning," and then the tables were spread, and about twenty-fiv- e persons, including the Presidency of the Stake, the Bishop and Counselors and a number of brethren who were invited in after the priesthootmeeting, partook of a bounteous repast, after which the brethren administered to Sister Rogers, and then dispersed to their several homes, feeling that it was good to haxe been, there. ' Anna S. Rock wood, ; -- - : Kate M. Chase, Elizabeth G. Ford, Committee. t - ..yEALTHY-ll CLABKySecretary. Another meetiDgwas held Jast week to the return of women as county. councillors. The evoted ladies who are goins to y make victims of themselves and test the of women as candidates, are Margaret Ladv Sandhurst and Miss Jane Cobden, for pro-mo- : te eligi-bilit- InddnnAIriZilasingberd, ibrJheLih( the two say division of Lincolnshire: ... Both first named ladies addressed the meeting at St James V Hall on Saturday. The audience was largely composed of ladies. The chairman, In Xhanning, M. : R, advised all jady candidates to persist in their candidature, as he believed that the first rejected nomination would be the surest way Qf getting rid of the Carrier ttatmesaidexistecL: and Lamheth Gazette.' , - Westminster L . 