v . '"'"a i . V6l. 17. SALT- - - . ' . .. ' . ' - - , all 'Nations. , - v , . f LAKE CITY, UTAH,- JANUARY 15 188V. No. lG. But we meet in the farthest The face of the grief of t. ested in the subject of woman' to-da- ' ... ':v . - . the 'Women 'of suffrage con- template organizing a WomanXSuffrage Asso" " ciation. 7 -- For this purpose a moGjinp of suffragists "will be held in the Assembly -- HallSalt Lake com- City, on ThursdayiJanuarylOj-lSSi- ), y. ' "The brightness whose tremulousg!immer Has faded we cannoLrecalfr- "7 And the light that grows dimmer and dimmer When gone 'tis forever arid all, might. dull the'shining blade; Please to keep it ready for me, ... 1 Or HI lose it, I'm afraid." "Yes, I'll keep it for you, darling1 7 -AmO kiss ihe'rosy lipS7-r- -r While upoo-higolden ringlets, - rest my fingertips, Softly I mencincr " So zey won't get rolled away;" "And my pretty bead and buttons;'.! And my top string, while I play." - Chairman to me they bring their treasures, So to Thee, oh, God above! I entrust Mm,. ever praying, Keep them safely in Thy love. And, lest I should spoil or lose them, 'Mid earth's busy cares and strife, """Teach" me, Father, how to bring them, Back to Thee wfch Endless Life ! - i 1 Dr. Ellen B. Ferguson, Elizabeth Howard, radiant with splendors of light; , That we may read clearly life's story " The dark is, the dawn of the bright." ' J ' 1.7. ' Romania B. " - I ULA WOMAN SUFFRAGE MEETING. REVERIE. FOR UTAH. AlT ASSOCIATION x, Utah. Vice-Prest'- All ji liv iLY S. Richards, j Ex. Cam. R.Ar. S. ATfor ... Zina. D. II. Young, Prest. Ceii. Jjoard Relief Society. JANE'S. Kiciiaiu, RATHSnKTiA W. Smith s Cen. Board Relief Society. Josephine R. West, Prest. P. A. Associations Weber Co. The height of the home of our glory . " ; . No day shall return that has faded, The dead come not back from the tomb; The vale of each life must be shaded, That we may see best from the gloom. "As 2 p.m ' For the "memory of joy is a sadness" ' The dim twilight after the day; And the grave where we bury a gladness ; Sends; a grief, like a ghost, on our. way. Four dear boys thus' bring their treasures, I must keep them all in reach; , , Four loved forms to watchiand.'care for, Four bright infant minds to teach. at All ladies interested in the cause of woman's eufranchiement and Apolitical ad vancemeut are cordially" invited to be present and take part J i n th e ... meeting. Respectfully, lingers, ot a gleam o.L"itg.il.ds the vast gloomr YouuVs roses perfume not the fingers Of age groping nigh to the tomb. "Please to keep my marbles, muzzer, 4- - - Not a, ray of it anywhere s 1 ( . - - ' ' i - TREASURES. WJll you keep my new knife, mother? f : and' the Rights of " . ' The Rights oj 'theWomeWSf-Zio- n, - ' .- ' - . , ' ;. 'i- - 7 Pratt, M. D., E. B. Wells, N. W. &.A.iferUtah. T Members National Woman,s Suffrage Asso' ciation. Chairman said, "You have heard the Call and understand its object; we 'will now proceed Ex-Vice-Pr- est. to organize." An '.official call having been previously Mrs. M. Y. Dougall nominated Mrs. Margaret issued, 'signed by influential women of the Caine, President of the Woman Suffrage Assobe to of a suffragists, meeting Territoryfor ciation of Utah; the nomination was seconded, lield ia the Sal t Lake- Assembly H all , Th January AO, 1889, accordingly, in re- 'carried unanimously. .Chairman suggested sponse there was a large number of ladies in that some oue nominate three attendance, residents of Salt Lake City and "Mrs.rC nominated Irs. Lydia,D.i other women from and representative seconded by vicinity, Alder as First the platform-werthe of Upon Territory. parts , the ladies on the platform; Chairman put the D. Zina Mrs. ladies several prominent carried. Mrs. L. D. Alder nominated Motion; Mrs. P. Mrs. and H. Young Young, Margaret Mrs. Nellie Webber, Second Mrs. Lena S. Wells, Mrs. seconded Richards, Emily by several ot the ladies on the platNellie WbberrursLymaJiAme ' Mrs. Ardelle Cummings nomicarried,,, form; Y. Dougall, nated Mrs, Priscilla Jennings Riten Third Charlotte I. Kirby, Mrs. Maria Mrs. Birdie Cummings, Mrs. L. Ardelle Cumseconded and carried. Mrs. in ings, Mrs. Phebe Y. Beatie, Mrs. Julia C. Birdie Cummings nominated Mrs. Cornelia others. and At ton Knowl Edith Mrs. Taylor, H. Clayton, Secretary of the Association; moB. Mrs. E. seated were the reporters' table tion seconded and carried, and Mrs. C. I. Woman's the of Exponent, Wells, Editor Corresponding Secretary; carried. Mrs. Kirby the M. D. B. Mrs. R. Opposite and Pratt, ISiruie VJUmmiDgs uwiujuaieu xuiaa wttigic Mrs. Sarah M. I. Mrs. were Home, platform Dwyer, Treasurer of the Association; carried. M. Kimball, Mrs. Jane S. Richards, Mrs. B. Chairman said, fThe appointing of an ExecuW. Smith, Mrs. Mary Pitchforth,Mrs. Elizabeth Committee i3 now in order " Mrs. Alder tive distinother and Howard, Mrs. Nellie Little nominated Mrs. M. Y. Dougall, Chairman of ladies. guished Executive Committee, and the names of Mrs. Mrs. Zina D. H. Young stated the object of Nettie Y. Snell, Mrs. Ann E. Groesbeck, Mrs. tne meeting, auu uwi iia. jmiijr y. a,iuiuo Pliebe Y Beatie and Mrs. Jennie Rowe were had been duly authorized to preside and to then presented as members of such committee; for organize a , Woman Suffrage Association voted upon and carried. Chairman asked the Chairbeen appointed Utah Territory, having to please read the Constitution of the Committee for Utahat secretary man NaticmaRVaflthe last Annual Convention of the N. W.S. A. .1 L tary read as desired. in Washington. D. C, April, 4888. Mrs. constitution. - Richards then took the' chair and said, "Will MrsriMri. some one nominate a Secretary? Art. 1. Thi3 organizationshallbe called" Dougall noninated Mrs. L. D. Alder as the National Woman SufirageAsiatioTrr7 Cummings 'seconded the motion. ; Carried. ""AETrrTheflbjefet of thy Assodationshall. be to secure national protectioa for women in The meeting opened with singing ,by the conis the exercise of their citizen's right to vote. gregation, "Know this, that every squl free," and an earnest prayer wa3 offered by Mrs. M... 3. All ciUzetia of the United States Art. I. Home. subscribing to this Constitution, and contributthe then Chairman Secretary The requested. not less than one dollar annually, shall" be ing and which was to, the read responded Call, to considered membersof this Association. the call was read: The ladies of Utah Territory' who are in ter- - i: Art. ,4 The officers of this Association ' We laugh when our souls are the saddest, We, shroud all our griefs in a smile; Our voices may warble their gladdest,1' And our souls mournla"anguEu"th'e'Wh1lK . . - - And our eyes wear a summer's bright gloiy, Vhen winter is wailmg bejieath And we tell not the world the sad story Of the thorn hidden back of the wreath." ur3-day- , Vice-President- s. ir-Kir- by . Vice-Presiden- t; e Ah ! fast flow the moments qf laughter, . Andiright as the brook to tke sea; r But ah ! the dark hours that come' after Of moaning fcr you and for me. - - Vice-iTesiden- t; : Yea, swift as the sunshine, and fleeting As birds, fly the moments of glee J And we smile; and mayhap grief is' sleeting Its ice upon you and on me. Vice-President- 7 And the clouds of the tempest are shifting O'er the heart, tho the face may be bright; And the snows of woe's winter are drifting Our souls; and each day hides a night. . , - For ah when our souls are enjoying The mirth which our faces reveal, cnmMlimiT'i tnmcthinirO allovMET Tliopfl U aViilWLlAIlJg U.lb !c ' 1 - 7 Life's loveliest sky hides" thefhunder, Whose bolt in a moment may. fall, And our path may be flowery; but under The flowers there are thorns for us all. : -- 'tis hard when our beautiful dreamings. That flash "a6wiTheeyT6ightr Ah ! ' And leave us, like eagles in flight; Secre-4axy4Lfenfoijlde- And flyJEatwayjnreturrg And leave us in terror and tears., While vain is the spirit's wild yearning they may. come back in the years. -- That Come back! did I say it? but never Do eagles come back to the 'cage: h.ive gone-a- nd They have gone-t- hey Does youth come back ever to age? Ndl a joy that has-- left us in sorrow 7 Smiles never again on our way; 7 . : forever -- . - -- - 7-7 ; j . -- - , -- :. 