WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 52 Exi ONE NT. WOMAN'S ; .i V&LLS, EMMELlSt PublLshcdseml-inontMy- nft copy oneyear, tl.'H); one copy six mado for clubs. City, papery v eduction xtra for postage one yeiir, 23 cSs, Advertising rates: Each square, ten epace, one time, f 2.50; per month, 13.00. o 7 Editor. in Salt Lake City, Utah Terms: months, 50 els. No delivered by mail. , regular advertisers. lines of nonpareil liberal discount A '." E.. South Temple Street,second office, No, Office. Busmesa hours f roia 10 gato east of Deserct News 25 Exponent a--m - - to " , p.m. every day, except Sunday.-Addresj"all business communications to PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, . Salt Lake CiTr Utah. 5 1 Jst Entered at the Second Oust Mailer. Salt i ,, n in Salt Lake City, Utah, a Office mers outing to resume the duties and the pleasures mind of remarkable most had presence ' Hussey life. school , of he must brought burn, when he saw his place The heat of summer is well high spent and and currency, away in a trunk the books, papers cool nights and pleasant days of early fall are necessary to open immediately, anjeyfy on tne with us and the eager smiling faces of the children- -w place; a had ""following morning procured jnarro as they gaily wendtheTr way to and from the the few Tiouses left standing, had a temschool houseCshow that the taskojj earning and. painted and hung in porary railing put in, the pleasure ofjneejngld its place and at nneo'clocJa m are no days so happy or reuiaFbusiness. The fire proof safes were all "deed "ddighTful7There so full as these and in after years the brightest 'with right and therefore there was not much loss ' spots in memory are the hours of scjiool life. . the banks. in Utah are now in. excellent' con Previous to the fire this must have been la very- - LJThe schoqls dition and if not. entirely free (though in some delightful town, and one cannot help feeling: .1 the. lerritQryJb ey are), have so reasonable partS-Jo- f or contemplatingsuch-aJ- . sorrowful a tution that there should be no excuse for keep-in- g desoiatlng scoiirgeT Fires, floods, casualties and children out. Parents try1 to allow your calamities are visting the earth in fulfillment of children some school privileges even though it prophecy, let the world 'decide as they may. nuybe Jiardlfor. you to spare them-I- n many Many allude to Mother Shipton's prophecies, but the mother needs her cases neverio.thQse ofjhe.Scriptures or the Latter-da- y with the house duties, while the Saints But time will tell the story and many , girls to help father- - can scarcely spare the boys from the farm more hearts will acherMay those who have oil in or out door work but the school hours are not their lamps, keep them trimmed and burning, long and every one should have some opportuni.A ready for the coming of the Bridegroom. ties Tor learning. In some countries education is compulsory nd where parents fail to send their EDITORIAL NOTES. children during certain years to the schools they ' are subject to punjshment by lawl-I- n this country The trial of Mrs. Maybrick in the English - the laws are not at all severe on this subject still courts has caused considerable comment and it is expected of parents to look to the education is women. The case of their children and every one ought at least, at thought among thinking A woman accused of her husband's as early an age as,possible to be taught to read and - be hung." tosentenced and tried, murder,1 write, while, of course "higher education renders the accusation itself would be enough to one more fit for the different branches of labor. kill most any woman, if guilty the trial and The district schools have mostly nice buldings sentencejljdjcerjajnl splendidly equipped and competent teachers "and out the case is most shocking and the sentence to are in everyway ready for teaching the common be hanged caused such a sensation that when it branches of learning and preparing scholars for was commuted to imprisonment for life, terrible the University and higher schools while in. many as it is, a great" relief was felt. However, from counties now, there are the Stake Academies : not be Tviil indications this for" the long, present where not only are taught the usual studies, beprisoner's health is failing every day and in death sides literature, drawing, music etc., but Theology perhaps release will come. as well. Throughout the territory are well kept-schand we hope this year they also will be The Annual of the University of Deseret 18S9- well filled. iS has been 84 pagesjfprinted clearly on.heavy paper and has Tfjere is a saying something about ''there will a 'frontispiece of the large and handsome new 4?e 2Xilmtndr:m'ia tEe earth? and that " ;time has. certainly come. With the great concerning this important Territorial instituiion is on land and water and the wonderful index A to subjects complete given concisely,. now in speed which, voyages'- are made it lies first, the names of the Chancellor, Board of Regents, Officers etc. The Faculty and Board of witnin the power of most every people to travel from country to country. instruction is very large and complete, numbering Kings, ; Princes and Potentates alike with their: peoples are moving in all 22 teachers. Instructors in. French and and wandering around the earth, some for pleasGermanjrom their respective countries are em ure some for business, some for d;Dlomaev some ployed, and competent masters of all departments for oneJ!?.iI2i?. and- - some vocal and instrumental music but all ar- eincluding on the certainly go, so to speak, and we wonder drawing, painting, architecture and law. A and sometimes smile at the strange-an- d brief history is told of the University with date peculiar manner in which circumstances of its establishment and incorporation by the acabout bring quaintances. People who in their own country Legislative Assembly of the Provincial Govern- might live for years and never see one another raent in February 1850. Particulars are given in meet abroad on the most cordial terms. While detail in regard to Normal students. Six De the ' of Emperor Germany reviews the English partments are organized. First Science, Litera soldiers with his ture and the Arts. Second Normal, Third . Pre Royal Gandmot her and inspect the British Men of War with hk nMpn0 paratory, Fourth Music, Fifth Art, Sixth Deaf Prince of Wales all with mnrh nnmn Mute. Studies for each year are classified' and digamy, the Shah of Persia is; hob arranged regularly. Programme and Text books around Paris with President Harrison's nobbing given, also books of Reference. Connected with son, Rus-seand Edison the wonderful inventor in com-S?- y the institution are two lame libraries and a Museum. Current literature and local papers ,of som most distinguished Americans, Whitelaw Ried and Chauncy Depew, for furnished. During the last few years special at instance are tention has been given to the. Deaf Mute Department, dining with Buffaloe Bill. In fact Buffaloe Bill known at home, and that has been a blessing and benefit to simply as a sensational actor in h,s not of class too this of Utah pupils. Altogether many popular - Wild West" show seems to be the hero of the may be justly pfoud of her University and the day in Paris, that most beauti-fu- l and efforts made for its advancement and permanency deltghtful of cities, In all this changing and in the past and present.. John R. Paik' M. D. moving around our own people are sharing, and travel ,s broadening their minds Principal. and develop-!ng:!e:c- h ineof a-si- when-viewi- gn ng famiLies.-areJarge.an- d - Lake Citv, September i, 1889. THE BURNT CITY. . To be in Spokane just after thegreat fire is something of a novelty to say the least "A City of tents" only a few houses left standing in the the City. Thirty of the finest business portion-oblocks burned. It would be next to impossible to describe the scene, and would take a genuine reporter o justice to, the subject. Something new at any rate to see a burnt city. The effects pf the fire demon are upon every side, it has spread desolation broadcast where peace and plenty n reigned. Mr. Hussey,so yearsago in ' Salt Lake Cityb as a bank here, and the writer is at present In his house situated far enough from the centre of town to escape the fire. He has a handsome residence new and modern in. every , Having part and he entertains' had to wait over here for a train it seemed good fortune indeed to find an old Salt Lake resident to whom one could apply when the hotels are in ashes. Sitting here writing, the rush of the river. (Spokane) is distinctly heard and looking out to -- f to-d- well-know- most-hospitab- ly. wards the City one sees ruins weird enough to please the most fastidious lover of the strange and , LTan'cJu!twThJ.ejits scattered "tsp' and' dow1i'af more picturesque by moonlight and electric light than in the hazy midday. The barbers, the bakers, etc., have opened up business in tents temporarily, so have other tradesmen and the saloons and gambling houses are in a place of canvas and coal oil. The "wheel of fortune" one eT ools Mih-Taftrrtbleiif6rmat- Uaivejsi-y-BuikHBg- mn - : can see through the canvas screen' is thickly sur- rounded by men and so whether, ill luck or good luck betidesj man bent upon working butjhisjles- tinyTushes on and on.. Neither fires nor floods seem to quench the insatiate desire of some men, to wait for luck rather than the result of honest toil: and so the world plods on; and men and women rise above calamities and cast about again for new fields of adventure, or repair the destruction and havoc of fire and floods. Another city will doubtless soon arise from the dead ashes of this doomed one, and business go on 'more briskly Jhan before. At present the streets are crowded with men, and one wonders if there is not among them those who are desperate and reckless. Should cold weather set in early much suffering must necessarily be the result, but atpresent the outlook is hopeful. A wonderful picture to gaze upon is this city in of britk ruins, piles saved from,; the burnt buildings are slacked here and there ready to be used again as sjPonjas"possible.A number of those whoplces w ereburned down-wil- ! put up muchlarp buildings Three of the corners in the central part of the town sold the next day after the fire for a thousand dollars a foot to build banking houses School Openings After a few weeks rest and upon This had a most excellenteffecnipon the! state of change .the teachers and pupils return from the things, and was a good advertisement when telemountains, the sea side and the numerous campgraphed abroad as it was immediately. Mr ing places, refreshed and exhilerated by the sum- - - or-another - . es con-venienc- -f- -- . l, -- and-ston- . -- . ' ing themv Of visitors too we have our share, daijy distuiguished people arrive in our territory all find at leasU few for sightseeing in this our. beautiful city. The Temple, the Taber- - hfe 