. WOMAN'S EXPONENT. - LONG ISLAND PARTY. A STRIKE. Editok -- AI 1 -- To that basket evermore. I , John, without a sign or motion, Read no thought of the commotion, Which within .me rankled sore. "He' thought I, "when day is ended, -Has no stockings to be mended, f Has no babies to be tended, t He can, sit and read and snore;. He can sit and read and rest him "Must I work thus evermore?'' And my heart, rebellious, answered, " "Nevermore; no, nevermore.,r" r but a woman, is human, within Every nerve Aching, throbbing, overworked, mind and bod sick and sore, ; I will strike when day is ended, Though the stockings are not mended, Though my course can't be defended. Safe be- -, T though I am . - .lJund.thecloseljdoor T" .. Goes the basket with the mending, and I'll "i haunted be no more: In the daylight shall be crowded all the work that I will do: When the evening lamps are lighted, I will . read the papers too. ; i Selected. of the been contemplated by branch here: and Bro. Woolley, with commendable loyalty and love for his" mountain home of July, Utah's suggested the Twenty-fourt- h Pioneer, day, for the event. Accordingly, a merry boatfull.started at eight o'clock a. m. of that day, to float out with high tide and enjoy a sail on the smooth waters of the Bay. Salt Lake City was represented by Messrs.-E.- . H. Petitt; AMI, Woolley and wife, C. F. -- the-memb- ers Wilcox wife and children. The sailboat i3 the property ofJBro. Ira Petitt, and his son E. H. has guided that same vessel many and many a time over those waters, the depths and shallows and dangers thereof which he knew "like a book." We were glad to have7 such a captain. A clam bake on the sandy beach was a part of the program. , After leaving Petitt's place we sailed across to Point Lookout where, hotel and cottages have lately been erected by the Long Beach Company: There the women and children Janded while the men returned to the boat to go in search of clams. These are found in shallow places and taken from the mud by means' of a rake. A good sized basketfull was thus secured in a short time. While the men were thus prosily engaged thewomen were delighting in the luxury of "gathering up the shells from the seashore." And the children! How they all rejoiced in clean the wide stretch of sand, so white-anand no restraint for fear of soiling frocks. How with their tiny shovels they excavated wells, and heaped almost as up mountains which were diminishedbadbe d -- WHEN SUFFRAGE COMES. . When suffrage comes, what shall your lordships say? Is it to spoil the mother's holy charm, To take the maiden's lovely guise away, To make ward rowdies out of womanhood, And do the gentler sex a listing barm, And none a good? . When suffrage comes, is it to cast a blight On home delightLnd pretty household play, To lose a blessing looking for a right, ; --When wives disown the tributary place, Nor the old rule of custody obey --- . - - So losing grace? What myriad fretful spirits still there are, What chafing still in many a trammelled lot, What family that knows no petty jar, will, No murmer of a : Which take resentment playfully, or not .... is restless stjll? half-imprison- ed -- , '" . What constant evils plod their heavy course? : jWhat lives are linked, yet foreign m thek sphere? There is divorce ere jnarriage seeks divorce; Fair souls rebel that may not justly share n answering justice Vhen the world appears ' ." . ,fo ro unfair. ' to soon as erected. It seemed too called from such pleasures, but hungry time was .coming, and preparations must be made for lunch. Only those whose appetites have at some time been thii3 whetted zby salt breezes and not destroyed by illness can tell what fine flavors that lunch possessed. After lunch more wandering on the sand viewing seaweed, by tne restless sea. jelly fish, etc. tossed up was' enjoyed by some of Bathing in the surf the older bne3, and thechildren were pleased their bare by the great waves washing upon be roasted, feet. Later on the clams were to called to ere but alas! for mortal plans. We the boat, as a young woman was suffering much from sudden illness.We proceeded to our landing and she was taken to ar neighboring honse, still enduring much pain. Upon being ad ministered to by the Elders she was immedi- ately relieved. few but a days before, She had been baptized added this in testimony. Thp3e and rejoiced manifestation this at also were joyful present of the goodness of our Father, and felt the day to be a better one than if the v-original ; plan had been fulfilled. Lizzie S. Wilcox. ' I if lives have common cause. And not apart as now their ways pursue? Let times be cnangjeinawjugmem nami. yve yei may uwu, win piaouit m So dear a home and hearth we never knew Ere suffrage came! ...ttrr nit duuiagu nAmpv - When suffrage comes, who questions in the court How come these seekers for a woman's crown? They come with souls of truth, with minds of thought, They come with righteous zeal to spread the light; : They come whose duties done in fair renown Have earned their right. ' - Selected, stock, .telegraph slock, droves of cattle, tlocks of sheep and other property, worth in in all about $900,000, and today ''the Mormon Church is paying to the United States Govern ment rent for the use of its former possessions, It is claimed that the 3Jormom Church is dangerous, "But irit any more closely united, does it have greater weight in politics than-thChurch of .Koine?, Has it ever taken such a decided political stand as the Methqdist Church took at its recent conference in New York, where ther platform of the prohibition party was enthusiastically endorsed? doctrine sanctioning polygamy nas been tlie principal Source of .trouble. Congress very properly undertook to root out this practice, 03 --Woman's Exponent: ; " Once upon an eveniog dreary , r "we read in the - Deter tl "News Sometime ago As I pondered sad and weary of a Long IslancTparty in Salt Lake City. O'er the basket with the mending from the wash We have lately had the pleasure of attending ' the day before; ' ',. in Lonr Islan- d- - There Island:; nartv a Lonrr I J I" 7 O " thought of countless Ititcbes, ; "is a branch of the Church organized at Ocean-vill- e To be placed in little breeches,' L. I. presided over by Bro. Elbert Soper. Rose my heart rebellious in me, as it oft had done J3ro AIbaroniIL - AVoiolley is- - a, .missionary rbefore. whose field of labor at present lies in this At the fate which did condemn me when my dAily ' task wasko'er, '!". branch." For Isonie time a beach .party, has -- 43 UNCOMMON COURAGE. During the last Congres3 a bill was passed providing for the disestablishment of the Mormon Church, All its assetts in excess of ' $50,000 not used exclusively for religious purposes were to be delivered into the hands of a receiver, its affairs wound up and its property was to escheat to the United States. Under the provisions of this bill the receiver obtained possession of. farm lands, coal lands, " e . The-Morm- 1 on . : and Senator Edmunds' bill in 1882 met with satisfactory success. .ButlCongress was not content to stop there. After enacting the most stringent laws against polygamy, it passed the confiscation bill, which can be regarded only as a direct attack upon a religious corporation. This measure is of a piece with the treatment to which the. Mormons have been subjected throughout their history. In 1844, officers of Illinois arrested two men and confined them in jail at Carthage. lA mob collected, broke open the door3 of. the jail, seized, the prisoners and. murdered them. People said then; and some, still assert, that justice was meted out to Joseph Smith and his brother. JSut is lynch law likely to secure the justice which Ameri- - ' -- -ca- ri-eitizens- wi3uto-6ee-ntorceuir(rrJn--- tne a banks of the Mississippi the Mormons-buil- t flourishing fccity. But the people of Illinois did not want such neighbors, and so for three days they bombarded Nauvoo. In the opening of winter, men, women and children were forsake driven from their homes,' compelled flee knew and not their possessions they whither. We glorify Pilgrim the snows amid rocks and who Fathers, planted freeof E;ft wilderness .theiSeed of go vernment Is their 5case and their chosen religion. the of Mormons? essentially unlike that Literally "hunted from State, to State, they' too, resolved to found a home where they might enjoy religious freedom. Through an unknown desert, over the Rocky Mountains, our-persecu- ted , , : ' encompassed by dangers, they pushed their -way, until they reached the Salt Lake- basin. In subsequent years the persecutors of the Puritans did not withold irom the settlers of New England their due meed of praise; and all men who, believe in the progress of the world, though condemning to the lowest. inferno the Mormon creed, should laud the principle that guided both PuritanAand Mormon in their wanderings. When Roger Williams preached religious freedom in Massachusetts they drove him from the colony,: but they permitted him to enjoy his religious opinions in his new home. The Church of Utah wa3 haunded from place to place till it found a refuge in the Western desert, and the descendents of the New England Puritans are not satisfied to allow it to rest p even there. While a dollar remains .to the Church of Mormons the carpetbag politicians of Utah will clamor for it, and Congress; in granting it, will imagine that it is : rooting out. polygamy. The cause of the Mormon church is the cause If the o"f every church in the Territories. United States Government can confiscate the what'-i- s property of one religious corporation, to prevent Jt from doing the same to any other denomination at any time it shall please? When the profligate John Wilkes championed the liberty of the press and advocated parlia: The mentary reform he became a hejo. Mormon Church of Utah represents Ttoday as sacred a principle as John Wilkes or Roger Williams ever stood for; and Congress in com bating this principle is not. checking the in. 1 " -- ' 