EXPONENT. WkOMAK?S Those who have keeps", as like cleaves to like. m the good motives will feel uncomfortable Fociety of the wicked. Be careful in your choico of husbands ask the Lord to direct you, in this matter. We should keep our homes orirl y if weetf p?t4 happ- Study refinement at v - and-- coUt-mcnt. h'ome, have a place for everything and everything in its place. We have decided to establish a Magazine, to bo able to place . it is au accomplishment one's thoughts on paper. ; Preserve your' essays. -Thd beat selections will be chosen from your as an analyst a critical, scrupulous in judgment as the balance; and the next as sympathetic the wind from whatever open rose that sweetens to her bosom. It is in quarter it finds its way the hospitable soul of woman that a man and his Counselor Edward Hay; were present. Bister Pitchforth presided; After tho. sing- stated the ing and prayer, Sister Pitchforth have gathered toobject of the meetingr'We resnect and affection to h&'--i a straogcand UistexEUzafiomemlla KhaU JaJHthM- the: same time that he is years, ana Has and truthful, at laborer in Mona for Twenty-nindifferences which, of Mona for by all those divine presided over the Relief Society make her a mystery and bewilderment. years. She has" in very deed nearly twenty-onOlives Wendell Holmes. been a mother in Israel to old and young. Now she i3 advanced in years and her health is, - for-ge- ts -- mes-merize- d e e released from poor- - and she 'desires to be Somer-ville'- " her-position.- OUR BABY GIRL. s of Sister in praise Spoke manuscript papers and published. faithful labors and of her. integrity, it sustain it by their eub- each association-wi- ll " that" we release Sis ter Somer- tenvfQsc, bowero" watched and tended,"was" motioned e peek to become that perfect But one dead lamb, is there; "scription. May-wher from ville laborajmd gwejiea enter. God's, There is no fireside howsoe'er defended, people who will bo permitted to thanks and ouFBve confidence ancTbTessing, But has one vacant cliair." presence. bless her in her declining-years.- to God and be prayed to trust Sister Lillio Freeze: "I of Croup, Sister Pitchforth put Do Died in Luna Secora Co. New Mexico, before while you. standing strengthened was seconded and it was carried unaniKatie Edith, daughter of William andjlarriet E. Laney; not feel discouraged if you cannot retain all ' ' The : Y ) mously. born April, 13th, 18S7. and died June II, iE39. that you hear, come and listen and it will SomeSister Somerville spoke a few tfbrd3, was little one was an only daughter, and almost worshipped time be brought to your remembrance. Be axe Cook nutri-- . pleased to see so many young people, said to by herJhrcc little brothers. The parents health. to is conducive it cleanly was like a pure white little-girthem, "alwava iry do perform your duties JDn.1-- 1 at this sudden blow.-T- he --tious food for vou families." - Spoke briefly on of heaven than tivate good manners. Nothing looks nicer in lily, so fair and frail, she seemed-mor... tho"Vord of "Wisdom." uo earth. May Our Heavenly Father comfort the bereaved than to De "In former days it was considered amis-fortun- c youngthepeople of even in what ones "in their sorrow, and may they acknowledge, spirit God suggests at all tiine3." to be a woman, not so now. Cultivate Sister Alice Bascome was nominated to, be the midst of their suffering that "He doeth all thing ' the courage "to do and dare" that which our and Sarah Lerwell Anna Sisters and well." President leaders require. We should humbly pray to E. C. F. SheDherd her Counselors. Sarah- Williams ioguided in marriage, that our hand and Much Treasurer. Seconded heart should never be entrusted to one who is Secretary, Margie and carried unanimously. unworthy. We can havo the spirit of discernAfter the organization was completed, a very believe one reason ment if wo seek for it. pood nrosrramme consisting of songs, recita-- ' why our people aro suffering h throughbreak-- : and shortspeeches from the visitors, was ing the Sabbaihlay;it is aday of resting and I tions, rendered. Sister Margie Much, in behalf of Closed by exercising W not of pleasure-seeking- ." Dr. Hughes Training School for Nurses Somerville with Sister Teachers tho presented no which to the gift of tongues, mterpretation acopy ot the .book 01 Mormon, as a Email - Will open its Second Term. October 15, 1SS9, at wfi fiven. her residence on First West Street. The proPrcstCIawson: "The accomplishments of life token of their love'for her, and their appreciaSister labors. Emily Sperry spoke posed summer term will be postponed oh account aro useful and admirable, but housekeeping tion of her and ihe interpretation. in of the to - enter -- should tongues gift should first bo learned. I can assure you from was given. A class of eighteen httle girls sang observation and Txperi apply as early as possible as the usual number of r. . ' .1: .1 i inn. ..".;: . ineal accomnanieJby cood nature are the best very sweeuy me exercise song, " unai urn the class is now nearly complete. : . Jesus say." modes of securing coveted favors from your was &ast on Next a Jbr. the; theprogramme husband?. Do not let a spirit of fault .finding,. in delicious a "inner man" the of shape, do unhappiness picnic "Weep into your ana messed the ny Do not bring disgrace and sorrow provided oy w ill exist good sisters, which with all Bro. after a who labored partook Bigler have hard "for upon your parents social of and relish time .;enjoy'inTnlwH!spenr a to their" your support. Seek-tMuch dismissed by Brother conversation. in aged heads. Do not shun the responsibility of prayer and all returned to their homes well married life. Pres. Charles Kclley sard "thoso who have satisfied with the afternoon they had spent. SAI?T LAKE CITY.. addressed us have been Inspired of God." Spoke of the crimes perpetrated at Pleasure the Sabbath 0ay. ' 'May wo be - Itcsorts on WOMAN. 1 free from these evils. The , M. said: Snow J. Pits. "my4ieart Tho woman who' doe3 not please U a false the to for manifestations God of His gratitude note ...in the harmony of nature. . She mav not J power.and the blessings of this Conference." youth or beauty or even manner; but she "SpoeorHer pleasure and interest in laboring have among, the Young Ladies of this Stake. must nave sometning m her voice or expression, ' Owing to lack of time, some members on tho or both, which it makes you feel better disprograramo havo necessarily bein omitted. posed toward your race to look at or listen to. Bhe knows that as well as we do; and her first May the kindly exhortations and wise counsel cjuestion, after you hayo been taking your soul make deep imgiven by our friends into her consciousness, is "Did I please?" press on our hearts, and through renewed Ajfjeman nevfiraorffets ber sex. - She would 1 energy and zeal in our lives appear." Con-- " jferencc"adjonrned"foT" threemonths. Uiioir rather talk with a man than an angel any day. W oraaniyiwomen are very Kindly and congregation saiig, 'Til Serve the Lord critics,exctpt Will bo found tiro latest styles and productions While I ara3rPun,l;&Qi.Glosing -- pray by-- - to themselves, and now and then.-t- o their own sex.' The less there is of sex about a woman the Pres. C. Kelley. more she is to bo dreaded. But take a real XACESBUCH, EMBROBERIES ...""'-vIllYyNsSec. Pro, tern. FANS, GLOVES, PARASOI, woman at her best moment well dressed enough to bo pleased ..with herself, not so reno elegant assortmenf of r"- KEORG ANIZ ATION. splendent as to be a show and a sensation, with" the varied outside influences that set vibrating : A meeting of the Relief Society wag held in the harmonic'notes of her nature stirrin cr in iox n and-ILadies' ilisses' Special detriment Mona, Juab Co., May ZO th, I.S89. The "iouDg" the air above her, and what is social life to -- Ladiesntl-PrimaTXlPg n2rll4rllrll8ts2 TemptStrtci compare, with one of those vital interchanges r :LZ'""'"7 ' .7:':'". of thought and feeling "with her that make an Pres. Sperry jand wife, Pres. Pax man and hour memorable? : , wife, of the Stake Presidency, and Stake Pres. What can equal her tact, her delicacy, her T H STEAM FITTERS.'. of the Relief Society, Mrs. Mary Pitchforth of expression, her quickness to feel the subtlety andher Counselor Art. Bigler, PatiiarchJ. changes of Aseni for RmiSEY3 celebrated LIFT and FORCE as the warm and cool PUMPS. Pump Repaired "or short noUce. Orders G. Bigler, and a number of other brethren and currents of temperature, fossj blow by turns? At one the country promptly responded to. sisters from Nephi, also Bishop John Keinke moment shethoughts is. microscopically intellectual, 2CS, ills CII77 Wo hope .. - -- r-it . . . " ' grief-stricke- r r e wen-nenave- tr i. n l a. V: - J 4- - i)Hhe-hcatStudenls-desir- ing- . .. . -- 1. . a add-comfo- . rt ABLE Leading Retail -- '1s-fulP- EHPORIU of-' - - : E.K.TM01E to-da- y, Special to the Ladies.. AT TEASDEL'S . - ,' Z3E,ir GOODS 7-- tion7S'?-;- EAATEr 1 Y T es-idli- e:, Sj Slit 