: - V v WOMAN'S EXPONENT. " . X - . 175 the same. He had received a great testimony my sisters, Lhave no doubt in this wTork, never' we have received." Urged the practice of of the truth of the Church of Jesus Christ of had. " It is a "It is thet practical part-o- f our grand blessing to"beorganized as punctuality. Latter-daSaints, .-- and gave: much - more a Relief l T1 111 ti f ." ir Society WlhhYeobirtried but reugiun l acsire to rjenavior-advice, .occupying a. great .portion of the noPalways in the same manner, therefore we houses of worship should be observed, when afternoon. must nave cnanty, we cannot live "a speaker arises to speak, think we are being President Bennion made a few closing -- instructed-by Jo.(Lpraerrul3IHnsrcifulrHe-fcn6-th- e all. desire of our hearts," I wish' 16 be honest" in" whispering, remain in your seats till "services Conference adjourned until the second9.. Mondnv all are closed. Politeness is another thing we jny acts." id September. Singing. Benediction by is" Sister know this the work should practice, the pleasure it brings in reHarding: "I " President Sarah Pope. of the "tprd, we should live so we might merit ceiving polite attentionfrom each other." Had .. Addie Long hurst, Secretary. . the approbation of the Lord." thought, of having printed the constitution of President HarrietSnow: "Tbe more spiritual the United States and Declaration of Inde- y '. gpeag-ofrAroo- too-jaithlu- l-. ' BOX LDEIlSTAKE. od-Wfi-get rndencend-placei- it. We never should. allow. ourselves to. The. quarterly: conference of the IWief So- ..Larborfeelings against anyone-Let-u-li- ve ciety" of Box IChlef" Stake rconvene'd in the humble and prayerful, that we may rejoice in tabernacle on March 12th, at 10 o'clock a. m. the principles of our religion." President Harriet Snow presiding: after the ' President J ane Richards: Spoke of the said: opening exercises President Harriet-SnowHospital, it is hard to get along, they need 'Sister Zina Young sent her love to all, but nxeans jand encouragement, told some of the could not be present with, us, Sister Richards reasons why it is not in a flourishing condiis expected with the first train." Aunt Zina tion. Explained why it is necessary for us to "prayed that we may have a Pentecost. If we organizcLtho Suffrage Association.. "How little exercise faith for the speakers, that; the Lord we know, I like to get that spiritual light; that ;tdus:t-hrough:thmay-spea1 may always be prompted correctly." and fkL" couraged Counselor Adolph Madsen: 'I hope the Statistical and financial reports from 15 members do not expect too much of the officers different branches were read by Secretary Mary but exercise charity, remember they are called, E. Snow. Treasurer's report read by Sister they have not sought an office themselves, if Fannie Graehl. am a bishop, should '. I feel I am a little better SisterBiehards and Sister Brown from than the members? it would be wrong, I Ogden arrived. - should feel I am a servant to my brothers and President Hubbard from Willard: "I rethe same- in the society of the saints; in the prin joice judging from the remarks 1 have heard. . of the ciples Con ference adjou rned- -j forthreeinoniiSix holy gospel we know our dependence on the Lord, let u3 Fe true to each other, Singing: Oh, my Father thou that dwellest. true to our religion and God?' Benediction by Bishop Hansen. President Perry-fro- m Three Mile Creek: Emilia D. Madsen, Cor. Secretary. "we live in a great day, if there is anything we love more than our Father in heaven, it beSALT LAKE STAKE. comes our God; and He has said: "Thou Minutes of the quarterly conference of the Let-n- s strive-to shalt have no other-God.2set I At held in-t- he Assembly-H- all v a good example and be willing to make sacriMarch loth, 1889, Mrs. Mary A. Freeze prefices for, our religion's sake." siding. Opened by singing cWho are these President Jane Richards: "I love to meet arrayed in white," prayer by Mrs. E. Howard, with my sisters, I regret I did not hear your re- - singing "When shall we meet. Thee." Minutes ;;Wrfl6rning session W''teriotis"Cbflferen'cc-'teathings, although they may seem small, we need and approved. Written reports were read from the spirit of God, we are nothing without it. the wards. most with I think the one wbo speaks the Mrs. Freeze was pleased with the reports, humility, charity and loye is the best speaker. especially the increase or testimonies, would How blest and favored we are of the Lord; our like to have more manuscript, papers edited and enemies are in the dark; many will yet see as far as possible have them original. "We all -their error, that time will come whenwe "will r have come to gain a blessing, we shall not be feel thankful that we passed patiently through left without light, the Holy Ghost is the persecution. I have been 49 years in this greatest instructor, we are in possession of this, church but I never saw the time that I dared we have had tnis. gin sealed upon us ana ny doubt the principles of the Gospel." Spoke of united faith we will receive blessings. The tbedeath oFheFfirst child, how Pres Ment foundation is to know this work is true, but it is necessary for all to work." Brigham Young taught her to acknowledge President Zina D. H. Young: "Obedience is the hand of the Lord and give up her child in ' better than sacrifice" "and I arise this morning faith. ' President Mary Jansen, third Ward: "trials to exercise the Holy Ghost and receive the are blessing in disguise we can -- better comprehend blessings following this act. The spirit of our it after, than at the time we pass through Heavenly Father is intelligence, we should be in possession of it at all times, use it in all our see old sisters still them. I rejoice when home duties. faithful and not tired." i with us not yesterday nor to"How "It is Adiourned till 2 o'clock. Sinking: By overwill the saints rejoice td tell," benediction by morrow, but to do our duty coming pur selfishness ...we will have pleasant Counselor Olivia Wider borg. ; uzz : 7 Afternoon session. Singing :"May we know feelings; toward each other." Gave some onthe nature of our con- the, joyful jby sound," prayer. (fejejor. v g gD m pr; We5 areTnoT "wMtion with" each other, how our influence 13 God." roll called. Corfu felt in future generations even beyond the veil. our eyesduring "There is a power densed report read by the secretary.. n i in a J.rdir ao1 se-n- ret' li. 1J.V.uat-vw-i u nmn m uui mi. prayer, also thfrresponse at the close should be iLm svranathies and in doiner cbod. we can improve, general, i'rayeu we mignt De numme ana fnithfnl Reports were read from the l9,Farmers, Mill consider the teachers position the most delicate, are Creek, South Cottonwood, South .Jordan, Herri-mahut in blessing others, " Baylors ville, Draper wards. blest. IMrs IlowardT asked all :; with 1 faithfuL Susannah Facer: "It is necessary for U3 to h earts to ask of our Heavenly Father Hi3 be intelligent and filled with light, there are united prayer we will receive the many things we need to learn and become spirit, 'by " blessing. Many are looking for something new. wiser," We do not yet live arwe rshould that which feel to be oncrwith; t Sister' ..' , - k -- . I -- rs,-i-presumfr-your-feeL - 1 "pdrtsrTh -- I to-da- y to-da- y. ' : r -- : -jst-- iri-clo- sing they-themsel- ' n, ves - ' HattieBrownr"I r could study. them,. our politicals situation, -- bo prepared to - bo - wives that can stand side by side with our husbands at all times. Learn to be grateful for the blessings yoii are in possession of, read good books,etudy that which will be for your gocd, overcome frivolity and vanity." Prayed that the . spirit bfthe Lord would be with us. Dr. Maggie" Shipp: "if welcome for comfort and blessings, and are united in our faith and prayers, the spirit will inspire such things to be said as - are for our good. Our souls need food, and feel strengthened after attending these meeCiDgs." Testified of the manifesti-tation- s in the Manti Temple. "Our greatest sorrow sbould-b- e if we have grieved the spirit of the Lord. Live so we can listen to the etill , Tsmall voice and follow its whisperings." Spoke of the duties of a wife and preparing for the same. might be felfor good. 31. Mrs. .1. Dougal desired what shg said the LortL ;to,l:bej;in.fluenc Young ladies should do their work themselves " and serve the Lord inlheir you thT Spoteof the influence we wield at home and. in our associations with each other. "Do not devote so muchtime to novel reading the is ruinous. The object of our memory and and-understan- d -- . -- ; -- is Yt-Lt-- M -- gladiea L to4cach-iis-heprinciple3-)f-our-religi- Learn to be polite and polished." our positions as Prayed we might-real- ize daughters of Zion. Adjourned till 2 o'clock; singing- Consider thc4Hi.BeBedictioir" by Mary P. Young; - -- v. Afternoon' session. Opened by singing. Prayer by Dr. II. B. Pratt, singing. Boll called showing representatives from 20 associa--tionMinutes of afternoon session of previous s. conferenQe read and accepted. President Freeze said: "she desired the as sistance of Sisters rjane."Freeze- - and Delia Eardley to aid in the work of visiting Associations. They were unanimously accepted by the conference. said: "It does my - Counselor Mary Poung heart good to Bee the members present; I believe there is a general waking up of the young in all their meetings, which is very encourag. - -:- -- "- If we do not improve it is because we turn a heedless ear to the many good teach- i Ttr ve nave good dooks and ings we receive. us with counsel good continually and thetime will come when every thing we learn will serve us." She closed by bearing a strong testimony of her knowledge that this is the true Church ing. lit of Christ Mrs. Maria Holt said she desired to live to see the Latter:day Saints grow and increase; to see them alwayrf triyeJo dotgood:Said she could see with that these young ladies would be more mighty than their mothers had been and they ghonidcultivate faith for" much is expected of them. The glorious spirit of God makes us at all time3 happy. Concluded her remarks by- - sayingf- - "My desire is that we may watch our footsteps well and prepare our minds for the greater things that are to come. We must be humble5 faithful and true unto the cause of truth, I pray God to bless U3 that the earth may be better for our living." Mrs. Jane Freeze desired the mother to visit the associations and see wha the-eyffa- itt -- . 