WOMAN'S for some time ana wnicn sne.naa comoatea . . I EXPONENT. 93 in her saintly robes in the magnificent whiteTcas. . - -- ket, she looked as though she was already bravelyv ana several times successiuny, even wnen 'death' seemed inevitable, was an affection of the celestialized. Wreaths and garlands the. gifts of those who loved her fondly, adorned heart. At timesjor. some.weeks together her J ' sufferings had been intense, and only faith in the the bier and a sweet and solmn peace pervaded 'Gospel and the administration of the Elders had the house. The services were conducted by Bishop John been her support in these times of affliction. Many were the precious promises made to her Tingey, and opened with singing by the quartette by the brethren, who were called from time to Messrs. Spencer, Whitney, Pyperand Goddard, to exercise the power of healing. in her be "When the swallows homeward flyetc.4 In her illness she was attended Jby loving half. An eloquent and touching prayer was offered hands, and hearts -- ndreverything-that-caresses by Elder GoVrge By water, Singing, "and affection could, dp to Jighteneiaf2iction, or " ' V--- "'Spm SpinTvetc and hex was alleviate pain tenderly dutifully per The speakers were Bishop O. F. Whitney, L formed and by her children., Pres. Angus M. Cannon and H. A. Naisbitt. . friends. v. Pres. Cannon referred pathetically to her exMrs. Dunford was born in Trowbrige, Wifts emplary life and energy of character and spoke England on the nth of May 1825 and was aged of having watched her tottering form as she went 64 years 5 months and 11 days at the time of her to and from the Tabernacle to attend divinejser-vicdecease When, a young girl we have been ered Many precious things were said calculated ibly informed she was considered quite a beauty tlfe living, among other saying?, that in her native town, having a clear complexion, to comfort she was accepted of God. large blue eyes and golden hair; she was such a The anthem 'S,he is not dead but sleepeth" was favorite with all that she was designated the at:d the benediction flower of the village, not only on account of her rendered by pronounced by Elder Rodney Badger. beauty, but amiability, her attractive manners and May the consolations of the Holy Spirit comfort sne was tne sweetness of ner aisposmon; the sorrowirg ones, and married at nineteen to Brother George Dunford wise counsel and integrity and say in their hearts. and subsequently became the mother 01 nine "We will Ho likewise, death hath made no breach children ;tvo sons7and two daughters are still . In love and sympathy in hope and trust; living, the others have gone before her and her or No outward sign sound our ears can reach, meeting with them will assuredly be a joyful one; But an there's inward, spiritual speech in number, her grandchildren were twenty-fou- r us That greets still though mortal tongues be dust.! seventeen of them still living. Sister Dunford received the GospeL in early life in her native land and gathered to Zion with her husband and REASONS WHY. family twenty-twyears ago, in the fall of 1868. Brother and Sister Dunford went to reside in The old order yielding place to the the 17th ward at that time and have lived there new. And God fulfills Himself in many ways. ever since. The following Spring the Relief So sang the Poet and so say we who live in the midst of the light and knowledge of the Nineteenth Society was organized in that ward and Sister Dunford accepted the position of a teacher in Century When the march of intellect and im the Society, which- calling she- filled with honor provement is making such rapid' strides that we and faithfulness, until her failing health rendered have to get up early in the morning and shake our it absolutely necessary she. should discontinue selves well, to in. any way keep up with the spirit her labors in the Society. In social life she was of the times; of one thing we are assured that women will not be left behind in the race, "especially" very agreeable and pleasant, courteous to all,very when in out drawn conversa when all are needed as reformers to clear away unassuming, though in of animated and social the rubbish and dustof ages; the old fogy notion tion capable brilliancy converse. ' Sister "Dunford accepted the Gospel that women will be unsexed if they have a voice it its fulness including the principle of plural in making the laws by which they are governed, marriage, and when her husband was imprisoned and a right to vote for those who adminster them, for "unlawful cohabitation" she stood by him will soon be an exploded idea and a thing of the with the firmness of a true and devoted wife, past. It is a tradition handea down irom tne dark withoutmurmur or complaint She was indecdu ages, from the days when might-wa- s considered mother in Israel, not only to those of her own right. When a man might steal bis wife from his household, but to many in her quiet and tender neighbors castle and there was no redress, if he way. Her judgment in matters 01 economy ana happened to be the stronger; andthough it is business management was excellent, and her true'that brain rules, yet it is also true that counsel always on the side of right and justice; much is still necessary to be done to bring about she endured the many trials and crosses of life the complete emancipation of women, a right and sereniTyynal ways endeavoring which they have a privilege to crave and even de ' to fulfill the smallest duty with that prciorTand mand at the hands of the government under which "regularity that characterizes the truly noble. Her they live, to stand on an equal plane with men home was her heaven and it was there she loved politically that they may have the privilege of best to be with her dear ones around her having a voice in making all laws, but particu Her protracted illness and its effect, upon her larly laws that effect their own sex; and the right made her long for rest, .that rest which is calm . of the ballot to secure the election of such men to office as will justly and wisely administer them; and peaceful, and that sweet rest she has found and we can only say it is well, "God knew the that they may be qualified to work with-a- ll good for the amelioration men of the sorrows and true . best." of the human race and of their o wn sex in' par "O earth, so full of dreary noises! - ' crimes as this, they often fail to reach the case for the woman wroneed there is no redress. s . .. c. . . . i. r i T) . ...... liuc:c arc uui in iuujet.i: rtui yaic ajui say tumc, minded women to discuss.' No! we can shut our eyes, sit one's self down in our rocking chairs,' hug our delusions, draw up our skirts as we pass by and say, I am holier than these. But a day will come when we shall be called to give an account for the use we have made of our opportunities and the ampuntyof good we have done to the poor and the oppressed. Tbereare-thousands- of noble "and -- . . -- . nhilanthrfitiv,-vh- jmndedlmen-fidlJKYif-I 1 grand-childre- -- . e. -- tte maysthey-Tememberh- er 1 " o cha-nget-h, to-da- with-patie- y nce . . O men, with wailing in your voices: O delved gold thewailers heap! O strife, O curse, that o'er it fall! God strikes a stillness through you all, And giveth his beloved sleep." , . The funeral of Sister George Dunford was held at the old home where she had dwelt so many years, and experienced so much of joy and of , sadness, on the afternoon of the 24, of October. Now she was to go out frojn it forever. Loving hands had prepared her for burial and as she Jay ticular. I ask is there not a necessity for this ? Is there not a cry going up throughout the length and breadth of the lapd; a cry of the widow and the orphan, a cry of destitution, and also a cry of degradation and shame from the helpless victims of the lib ertine and the seducer of innocence,who can pride' himself upon his station in society and can .walk boldly among the respectable; while his poor de luded victim sinks to the depths ofwoe ,,,and despair, and if laws are made to punish men for such r wnulrf gladly find a remedy for the so called social evil, but alas! they are in the minority; right minded women desire nothing better than to support such men in office, if they had the right of suffrage. This is reason sufficient, if there were noother, why woman should have a right to cast her vote at the ballot box.- argued by some that women jdo not desire the right of. suffrage and would not use it wisely if they had it. Let me ask, dojall- - men use it. wisely? But say some, woman is so safely guarded in her home she has no Occasion to become acquainted with the rough realities of life, it would jar her sensibilities. It is the place of man to care for and provide for her No doubt this is true, and happy would it T?e if all were so provided for and guarded; but we cannot go in the faceof facts and they tell us that tens of thousands of women, even in this most favored land, rise every morning to fieht a hand to hand con n the-quarte- 4 & It-is flict with man fortheir dailybreadythey-stan- d with all the disadvantage of having no representation of their own sex when laws are made. A master hand will sometimes lift the curtain and we see beneath the surface into the depths below. We behold the struggles of suffering humanity, we hear a bemoaning of fallen women and the cries of helpless children; while the ashes of murdered i rr i tin uiibpnng try aiouu mr vengeance, wnen we contemplate such a scene as this, we feel ready to call gupon all good worn en to give the lawmakers of our great country no rest until they give unto women equal rights with men to use the talents that God has given Ihem, thai they may be competent to assist' in" making such- - laws as will benefit both men and women equally., Oh woman last formed and fairest of all God's creations; how. art thou fallen from the high estate to which thou wert called! Is there not a balm for thy wounds, and where is the physician hat shall heal thee? Woman has been compared to a clinging vine and is always supposedlto have u RfiirHv.naL--.lwhirJi ih ran r liner Thf nalr stands strong amidst the trees of the forest, the vine lovely but frail, with glowing flowers and mrHncr 'tfnr?rilc ctanric "alnnf" lnnlrinnr frr cottia - support. The oak bows down his leafy branches and tells her if she only twins her tendrils about him, he will be a shelter to her from the heat of Summer, and will protect her from the blasts of Winter; that no danger shall come near her while he is nigh. This is a beautiul picture ;would that it were always a true one; there are many clinging vines but where are the sturdy oaks to which they can all cling? When we look upon the realities of life, we see a far different state of things. We are aware that there are some wives surrounded by the loving care of husbands, blessed with the duty and affection of children, with the ' comforts of borne and the society of friends ; in such a case we are ready to exclaim, what more can women wish for? We reverse the picture and what do we see. . We must give up theTovely figure of the clinging .vine and see a vine torn from its support, the scorching suns of Summer have fallen upon its withered leaves, and dried its roots, the cold blasts of Winter have it from its support, torn...its tendrils and dragged !.. T ' '.I ana it stauas aione wnn drooping iorm seeKing in vain for the support it so jrreatly needs. So it is with many a woman, ana 11 sne is nommg duiji . clinging vine hard is her fate. . ' n "r -- - . 1 w- . ... 