.1' 1 -- ' WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 189 - JL?a daske tchjof M rs. Mary A . Liveimore which appoint a committee tojoominale permanent offand Miss Gladys Woodmansee and we contained a great, many, exemplary features; as icers. The chair then appointed M rsT Jane"Sr" she was not only a model wife and housekeeper, 'Richards,-- Mrs. H. C. Brown and Mrs. Sarah must not neglect to mention in" this connection but also a lady of superior intellectual ability. Herrick as the committee. Mr. CW. Stayner and Mr. C, R. Savage, The : Hon. 'A. in feature Miner of favored with vvere .. an the the association The. following ladies principal appointed, Eliza- entertainment, h.wever, was a. poem written by Mrs. Woodma$e and betlvY7 Stanford, President; Mamie Richards, teresting speech upon tne objectjapd advancement -of Miss in her first Viola Pratt, Charlotte Driver, second read by her during the evening as a welcome to thesulfragists. with favored a the Ellen PJngree, secretary; Aggie v vcharmimgmaoher, her guests. assemblage solo entitled "Last Night," which was highly ap Herrick, assistant secretary; Maggie Chambers A WORD OF WELCOME. . Ella Woodrflansee, preciated. The timeiavingfully expired a corresponding . secretary B from e ff u S the r ave .. l.. :1 treasurer , ;; speech rage assbciatio n, to be l ADDRESSED TO AN ASSEMBLAGE OF FRIENDS. read by. Mrs, Nellie Little, was postponed untile Executive committee Chairman. Rose Canfield ihnexf me Welcome I welcome, friends and guests ZAlariazyitirton Ellen HamerSarah - BeU y for one month. 'lijttlefield-ejli- e best house can give; nap RoseeowcrofP-BeH- e alsoIissJanny-jCraehl- s, now-a-day- , AUs-Ncttie-Ral- iegh ' -- vice-preside- vice-preside- nt; nt; . i . .. ; my J am honored, pleased" and blessed, . --Near Your kind notice to receive. and dear ye are forsooth I n the bonds of love and truth. p. m. May " ' ; vice-preside- the mountain of the Lord, here resplendent Temples risei Where Jehovah's law and word Goeth forth'' to make us wise; ' vice-presiden- . i High aud low, the pure of heart On an equal platform stand; Wherefore should we drift apart, --;-- . ; False distinctions marjhe age, Haughty souls contempt inspire; Goodness I is God's standard guage, YetJwill modestworth mount higher Children of the King oLKings, of-trying- .. notkavellchlsj&wXhe Whyweijotild co-Iob- orr - . : ;Dro"Mrs 7by-Mrs7H7- en Emily-Sriichards,'-havingbe- The monthly meeting of the Woman Suffrage appointed chairman of the Executive Association of Ogden was held in the County committee for Utah, at the last Annual ConvenCourt House, May 2d, Sg. tion of the N. W, S. A. in Washington D. C. of TlTessocialioq was called to order byPresi-den- t April, 1888, was nominated chairman, protem, E. Y. Stanford. Prayer by the chaplain E. the meeting H. NyeGlee'byrhe choir under the leadership The chairman then stated that the first business of Prof. L. D. Edwards. in order was to elect a Secretary protem. IIrs. An address by Mrs. L. D. Alder., which conMattie A. Cannon was elected to that position, tained many excellent ideas, relating to the posi . Meeting opened by singing, ,(Know this that the chaplain, Mrs. tion of woman political societies, and was so inevery soul is free." Prayer by that the strictest attention was de- . Sarah Richards. teresting, I . -- t T 1... J". rrt .t manded. ine iauy came uum .mu Kcuy ui- Mrs. Ellen Hamer moved mat tne cnairman vitation o tliefficers-Ja- f HherAss oc i a tio n , a n d appoiut committee on CntuTiMdJlyla very much appreciated. Theihair appointed, tmiiy M. bninun, Kuininaa her address was L." of Ogden also made an Newman Mrs. Maria Monch, and Mamie Richards. While the com " excellent address which proved to be instructive mittee retired, Mrs. Jane S. Richards, by request, , as well as entertaining. stated brieflyrthe object of the meeting. was rendered in sweetest A delightful scng Mr?Shirtlifr: being ready -- to report, readine; Prof. L. D. and upon motion, they were adopted las; Jstyle by Flora Purdy, accompanied by ;'...-rea. The chairman statea: ii so:is thatm ....Edwards.. Stanford kindly consented to speak Mr. Joseph minutes, order... to adjourn for a short time lie gave many excellent views thnse who wish to become members may have the " to-nig- ht, " Emily H. Woodmansee. EDITORIAL NOTES. The nextiumber of the Woman's Exponent- commence Volume 18, and alter careful consideration, we have decided to piace una little home publication within the reacn 01 evciy familv in 7inn. bv reduclns the price of the sub of scription, instead of improving the appearance the paper. The price lor tne coming voiumc m be one dollar per year to all subscribers, except 1. will those JiviogvjEL ims;cttwi 'post and that will be 25 cents extra for postage Eto and also on all foreign papers, Th fm,t,r' npprinrr of the Woman Suffrage "Association of Utah was held in the Social hail Thursday, May 9, 1889. Owing to the indisposition of the President, Mrs. Cain e, the chair was Miscellaneous occupied by. Mrs. P. J. Riter. business 'having been completed, the following M. Y. Dougall programme was carried out: Mrs. -- '-- 1 1 r-- v, -1- 1 t Bv-iaw- s, pHveTeg6ttg inT members,- py paying iuc e;o Cts. - ".. ',;-- -- k imuuvu ,. - 1 v . Ten minutes being up, ine nouse was caueu to nrrler bv the chairmanrwho stated the next busi ness in order was the election of the permanent officers of the Association. Mrk. Ella Woodmansee moved that the chair - strive to regamheirrlght stone who always counseled with his companion, and to Lorcf Palmeston whose wife was a constant help to him acting as his secretary. Made happy allusions to the respect in which great men had held their wives and taken their advice and suggestions in their high career as statesmen and ... v. -to should :bepccted"T especiaily7 when1 considered""" : WOMAN SUFFRAGE IN OGDEX. that it is to benefit the human race, not only in governmentjbut in every place where her influence extends, and she should, have the largest liberty , AH official call having been previously issued, ' for a to gain .intelligence, and to exercise it in promot, signed, by influential women of Ogden, The Association admeeting of suffragists. , to be held in the Ogden - ing the greatest good." journed for one month. Prayer by. the chaplain-- , tabernacle, Monday, April i, 1S89, "accordingly, , Mrs. Sarah Richards. in response, there was a large number of ladies : ; ;EiXEN"PiNGitEE,- - Secrelaryr r in attendance. The meeting was called to order. Subtle foes our homes surround ' . Waiting on their prey to spring; Honest friends are captive bound Close together should we cling. Link'd by love, both band and heart- Each to each ean strength imparts - : other knowledge, such as an understanding of Civil Government anoMcindred subjects, we inri our humble cottages,Jour heme life. An 'eminent writer says: "Showme the mothers of a nation and. I will tell you its character." The encourage lady closed with the hope all in the noble cause. Mrs. Emily S. Richards responded when called upon, and expressed herself as being very much ' interested in this great question. Did not see -- 'Neath this roof, my friends, May you some enjoyment see; " Cordially my heart extends Unto each a welcome free. Welcome, welcome, great and small, -- Welcome, welcome one and all. June e; ladies should be well posted in politics, and able to hold many public positions as well as men, and therefore wished to encourage her ers to regain their votes if possible. weTremad President E. Y. Stanford was nominated as a -gentle nieloTM iss L. AT" ing na medladies-an- d Delegate to attend the Convention held in Salt Schoneld, Mrs. M. Pitchforth, Mr. F. W. Chappell, Lake City April 9U1. For a short time President Mr. W. H. Jones, Mr. J. W. Paxman and Mr. E. Y. Stanford spoke by request. 1 Woman has Charles S perry. The Payson brass band charge of tha rising 'generation, and for this rendered sweet music at intervals... The meeting reason she should feel interested in the question was well attended by the ladies of Nephi, and a --OfzWoman; Suffrage and everythiug that tends to very pleasant and profitable time was spertf . enlightenment. Woman's opinions and rights t Though we drain Life's mingled cup,; Joys we have beyond compare. look up ! "Saints of Latter-days- " Days await us bright and fair. ;.; Tribulation, loss and pain, Yet shall yield us endless gain " MrOLJE Emma" Whitmore, Mrs. Mary' Wright, Adams, Mrs. Ella Jones, Mrs. S. E. Abbott, and : Mrs. Julia PaxmanmemeoJthoard. The constitution vas then read and adopted. Speeches " - t, Miss Pride of riches, pride of race Is, in Zion, out of place. , nt, boarddv&J - Social bliss is most complete. j " vice-preside- Mrs. A. E. Monch addressed the association 4Many men upon the topic of Woman Suffrage. believe that a woman's knowledge should:t be but when we have limited to the home-circl- nth, for the purpose of organizing a g "In ttn S4Thomas;5T.Harriet-Nye.- . at2 was Woman; Suffrage as?ociatbn.The-meetincalled to order by .Mrs. Mary Pitchforth. -- Mrs. Pitch forth .was nominated chairman of the meeting and MrsV MrErTeasdalc secretary; Singing'by-th- e choir: prayer, by Mrs.' S. A. Andrews. The secretary then read the call. The following officers were elected:; President, Miss L. A. Mrs.E. I. Bryan; .Schotield ; first Neff ; Mrs. M. second Mrs. M. A. Cazierj secretary, Miss Lou Udall; corresponding secretary, Mrs. Annie Atkin; treasurer, Mrs. L. A, Hartleys executive " From the utmost ends of earth, ' " From the kin we calTd bur own; From the lands that'g ave us birth, Came we here for truth alone; Ilea yen hath made us rich amends. Heaven hath sent us sterling friends. . The ladies of Nephi met in the tabernacle I i 