WOMAN'S EXPONENT. his death, the power to call forth "so years, after life like a pen picture of the prophet and his work, performed many times under the most difficult and ; embarrassing circumstances, and ' uuuci uic uireci inspiration discouragcu uuc nut, " To those. whonever had'the of the Almighty. pleasure of a personal acquaintance with this remarkably great" man, it will be something of a surprise, as well as.a study, to read of his wonder- - , ful endowments of character and the loftiness of 157 outside appearance of the. book altogother suitable to adorn any drawing room table; it contains over five hundred divided into sixty-si- x pages, chapters, besides, the P iirntrr-- a short but comprehensive, speech by Mr. Grant, on the subject of Woman Suffrage, rights, etc.; Mrs Emily S. Richards, the Utah delegate to the Annual Convention of the N: W. S. A. at Wash "gtori7gave a synopsis ofhcrwork" iii tBein- terest of the women of Utah. Mrs. Richards atwiiy-th- it is easy fo find quickly any particular item - -- wanted and the author-must-irecessari-ly- feela" spokeinaclear "and"fofcibIeanner,""plaJhIy good degree of satisfaction 'in his literary work. It will recommend itself when examined and needs no encomium of ptaise,-beyon- d such Notice as one must give when perusing its pages carefullv. The purpose, that carried him "triumphantly-throu- gh price of the book is not high, and in all probabitity as it ordeals, such trying requiring were, superme nrst edition will snnn hp rHcrcori yjl(, t,,-:,,. a QUI 1313 indicating that "her heart was in her subject.. Mrs. E. S. Taylor and Dr. Romania B. Pratt were the other speakers, and both gave evidence of their ability to present the subject of Suffrage for Worn e n n a ve ryjable and im pressive e. jiy The women of Utall are perfectly capable of J 1 uupvju courage andsdmTVhoHs tterMhaT Managing, polidcate has embraced the Gospel revealed in this dispe- U nsanoVprogress of the Church would do well to hoped that the efforts being made will result i.n nsation, who is not deeply interested in knowing of pnrchaseohis book, which will furnish them much good and: hasten the day, when the rights so unthe personal and home life of the man chosen in important data regard to a movement which has. justly wrested from them may be restored. It is - and appointed to bring. forth and establish the created suck a furore iff the world, and enlighten expected a sort of convention will te held .in work ? Latter-da- y ,. their minds on subjects of which many of them April, at which delegates, from other parts of he This the Author has given in a purity of style seem to be totally and woefully ignorant. It is a Territory will be in attendance. .1 Cannot fait to be and simplicity of language;-tha- t book that will live in history and surpasses any Miss Mary L. Booth of Ilarpcs Bazar work of its kind in the riehness, variety and origi-- . appreciated .. by all lovers :oL goocG books. A who died in March New York City, was 5th, touching story elbquently'told, yet with the connalilyof the subjects treated upon. The life of remarkablewoman, and filled a very importhe Prophet was crowded with startling episodes, sciousness of truth" apparent in every" paragraph. tant as editor of one of the most popular position . The name of Joseph Smith is so dear to this marvelous, events and tragic vicissitudes foljournals of the day. Miss Booth has been, a lowing each other in such rapid "succession, that people, that, plain as it may seem to be to others, translater qfmany valuable books from the French in reviewing it one can scarcely take in the whole it stands out as a headlight on the phages of and German., One of them has been highly situation without Church history, and whenever it is uttered it is and pondering it in his mind over and over so much stranger it is thanT complimented by some of the greatest writers of always in a voice that bespeaks reverence and our time. "Uprising of a Great People" transfiction. love. The writer well remembers the sweetness lated during the civil war from Count de Gasparin's of a voice now long hushed and silent, of one -was said by Charles Sumner to be worth a whole "intimately 'associated with Joseph Smith in his EDITORIAL NOTES. phalanx in the cause of human freedom. "The life time, and with what a peculiar softness in her History of New York," written by Miss Booth, To-datones she always alluded to Presithe Y. L. M. I. A. of this Stake-a- re .. mellifluous has hacTa very zxt copies of it dent Smith as "Joseph the Prophet," and so inholding their confere have been illustrated and one given her by an deed he was, spiritual and prophetic in his nature bly Hall. The Y. L. M. I. A. of Weber Stake, eminent bibliopolist containing 2000 pictures, and are holding conference in the Tabernacle in yet with those tender loving and emotional' in Chicago, having been enlarged to another characteristics that some - men term womanly. Ogden City volumes. .. She was also, notwith. twenty-tw- o His love for his mother was mingled' with a subli. At'- th e Relief . Society conferenceiield in this -- SlandkgeLackniiwl ime" reverence that made it almost heavenly, and City yesterday, the house was filled to overflowing. proclivities, a charming woman, in her own home his passionate love for children was one of the in New York City, of which it has been said "it were made by Prest. M. Interesting speeches mission. divine his of positive proofs is one of the most delightful places in the world." Isabella Home, Prest. Zina D. H. Young, Sisters in 4iis delineation Bro;annonwhas-not-fail- ed BfVSffirtfSasaa-.-S.ouiigPrest, Mary A. this is a tribute every woman would be proud to of the life"and works of this great prophet, seer have bestowed upon her. Such women are Freeze; and"SisterMary A. Clark of Farmington, and revelator ; and he "deserves full credit for his The subjects treated upWTrmssedTwhen-they-takeftherr-- rJ and other.-ladle- s. epantrrehence7 work as a biographer, but he himself, will no but fortunately forthe age in vvhich we are living were, home manufacture, seri culture, the storing ' doubt, acknowledge the grandeur of his theme as there are many women prepared to take up the of wheat, memberships for the Deseret Hospital, an inspiration to this valuable historical produc-- . work where others leave off, and they will be the and other matters of importance to the Society. biZion this that of tion. It is to the youth better for such examples as those of Miss Prest. Home read a letter from a missionary now a in England, asking, her to use her influence to- Booth both in her public duties, and her home life. ography should appeal with marvelous force, comWork insDirin them ttrlake hold of the wards raising means to help a family of the and Latter-damenced by the prophet of the last days Saints there,who are in very distressed ANOTHER W. S. A. assist in carrying it forward to its final completion circumstances. The ladies generously or the signal triumph of truth over error. l buted "the sjimof fiftydollarsat the afternoon THEfolIowing notice appears in the Richfield The description the writer gives of the scenes meeting of the same day. Advocate of March 6th; this indicates thejenergy in Carthage jail are strikingly vivid ; and pathetic The conference of the Relief Society held in and progressive spirit of the ladies in that locality. in the extreme. And when one remembers the , Ed. . Ogden yesterday was well attended notwithstand in this Nauvoo, circumstances attending. period A meeting will be held, at Relief Society Hall, On the platform were seated ing the rain storm. the agony of the Saints when, their leaders were, a number of prominent ladies of the Junction iuarcn, 14m, at 2 p.m., xor me purpose ot organiz incarcerated in prison, and the horrors of the City, as' also several Bishops. Prest. Jane" S. ing a Woman Suffrage Associatiomin Sevier Co. day, when the direful1 tidings were brought home All ladies are requestedi lo attend, irrespective of Richards presided with her usual quiet dignity: from house to house, all the and spread like wild-fir- e church or creed. principal subjects treated upon. were charity, " -hejtogedy isenewe 1 Elizapeth Bean, thiriffiportanceo and a torrent of tears xan give relief to the emo-and in society, her influence for good and her just Latter-day the of hearts tions, so susceptible in the Thurzy AL Thurrer. rights as a citizen in reference to laws and gov Saints who were the living witnesses to many ernment. Bishop Wallace of North Ogden made of the startling facts therein set forth,, Those an elegant and earnest appeal in behalf of woman's AN ADDITION TO REPORT. were indeed davs of darkness and severe trial. -and theudLecslistenejO privilegesr How the people mourned for Joseph and Hyrum attention. Mrs Richards made some timely reIn the;report of the Union proceedings o the so cruelly .slain, can scarcely be realized by the close of the: meeting ; her words marks at-t- he Executive Session of January 24th, the statement present generation. Their experience is altogether were well chosen, and her voice and manner concerning Uie chrp a different one, and they know littleof the sorrows calculated to make a deep and lasting impression' tional American Society ought, in order to give and drivings, the jobbings, or the privations Richards has been for many years now,' e Ifs. theoicderstanding of sufficient unto of the earlier" Pilgrim SaihtsT-B- ut in - benevolent work among the sisters in to read As the: two Societies were organized the the day is the evil thereof and the , present is Weber Stake and her labors have resulted bene-- ; same year, and as the difference of chronology quite another, phase of the history of this people. fiically for all the Associations in ithat locality. results from a slight difference in the way of ci k is pest tnai me nsiug gcuciauuu naming the first annual meeting, it has been On" Saturday, .afternoon , March 9th, the Utah know the difficulties that were encountered by cided that it will be true to the spirit of the Suffrage Association held a meeting in Joseph and his associates in laying the founda the Social Hall in this City commencing at 2 p.m. . chronology Associations, to call the next tion upon which they are expected to build. ' first Jrs. Lydia D, Akier, presided, j years Convention the 22nd. the paper is of The book is handsomely-bound- , Also, Miss Shaw anoTMiss Stone Blackwell and the j Prayer was offered by the Hon. H: J. Grant, a verv- - finp mialitv. leaves , n j were present, not as technically representing the j then followed the reading of the minutes, and a cover gilt lettered ; type clear and large, and .the rr human ' . -- . st re-readi- ng - y 'Byt to-da- y. - y - . . - - Jane-Spence- k, , -- he-Unio- n, de-Wom- - of-bot- h vice-Preside- nt frilt-edge- d, v-- an . 