WOMAN'S EXPONENT GO,- TTv Exponent WO MAN'S dvells, EMMELlSR Editor. (JUJui wjr -- ti.n.u ill iUUSC who have opportunities of availing themselves of -' its advantages.: -- -H-- this"fs-lhe"-Ho -- fK:rai-morithl- Ul. lllipiU VCliiCUl Uiay -- - - Published In Salt Lake City, Utah Terms: 1.00one ne copy one year, copy six months, 50 cts. No eduction made for clubs.'. City papers delivered by mail, f xtra for postage one year, 25 eta. Ad vending rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, $2.50;' per month, $3.00.' . A liberal discount .' o regular advertisers. Exponent office, No. 25 E., South jrempleetreftiondi' gate ea.; t oi T),e?c;rtt Xewi'Officor ltusiness hour frbw 10 s.m to" 5 p.m.' every day, except Sunday - j - School of Journalism is all that it is claimed to be by the paper which represents it, certainly .much is publican party .President of the United States to havenone but Republicans on guard anywhere and to have nowhere in this broad land any Democrat in any official position high or low." In the three states Ohio Pennsylvania and Iowa declaration. The man whb.stands at the head of a great nation like this one is not the representative of a party alone but of a people, who expect justice and equity and not a one sided adminis- - of the Philadelphia Woman's College, will lecture in the Salt Lake Theatre next weekwas follows, Monday, Tuesday and Thursday evenings, Sept. 8 o'clock. Also 26.I commencing 11 24. , r t and n at afternoon lectures to ladies only Tuesday,Wednes- Sept. 24, 25, day, Thursday, Friday and Saturday , . n ....... t r . r u t' zo. 27. 20. coraracntiu ai ciuck, iDaiuraav Sept. 28, at ,8 p. m. lecture to both sexes on Love, 'Courtship and Marriage. We acknowledge rntirfpsv nf invttatinn. If nne ran iud crp h v press notices of Mrs. Potts it will certainly be pleasant'andMnstructive as well as entertaining to hear her speakWomen are so severely criticised when they appear on the lecture platform that. we really think the Doctor must possess a wonderful power of fascination or exceptional ability to have tration. Jf such rules are to be applied how can; the people be equal? we Americans talk a great deal about freedom, and equality, and the -but there is a ..Address, all .business xommunicationji-t. PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, a failure in the spirit and action of1 the thing Salt Lake City Utah. somewhere, and perhaps one solves the problem Enter! at the Post Office in Salt Lake City, Utah, cut in one way and one "in another; but certainly" Beccnvl Qast Matter, res. Harrison is riot following out the pattern of Our Father who sends the rain pn the just and '" on the unjust for they are all his childien. $S EPTEM B ER t$; 1 889. Salt Lake City, According to our understanding Pres; Harrison is the President of the people of the" United NOTICE. States, including all parties, and all classes and recieved such flattering encomiums and not well as tho' women as men, supposed tbey.are the Conference of Annual Semi Sixtieth from The newspapermen. 'The Philaappreciation few . of any; kind, and have to any. politics very, will Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y said Press of her, Mrs. Dr. Potts is Saints, delphia rights or privileges, except to stay at home and commence at 10 o'clock, on Friday morning, very winning and attractive and always capable of if a learn have their of and husbands home, they October 4th, 18S9, in, the Tabernacle, Salt Lake holding; the attentionof a refined and intelligent not? have what earn then to their why ifjhey r Cii'y. audience. Many of the'follies of mankind were brow of the sweat same as their the bread men by. . The officers and members of the Church are shown up in a most amusing, crushing, sarcastic ento do with the assert or put themselves; right cordially invited to be present at the meetings. auu niy ujciuuci uy iut ictiuici, duu uci ciuuieiiCC in the reference to remuneration for joy WiLFORD Woodruff, equality was forced to break out frequently in the heartiest their labor, that is gfven to men the country over. a r . . T.i George Q. Cannon, ... xurK neraia is not "one jveiu laugmcr. " . There will be an pppprtunity next winter when Joseph F. Smith, only an able, scientific woman,. but a brilliant and I ihei Woman Suffrage . J Convention is held "in" .1 TM First Pre'sidenev. mere are omer we ciouucni speaKer. npuces. Washington of ascertaining the views, opinions have seen from journals in America and other, and willingness of the President towards woman; countries, but these are sufficienTto show that she RELIEFSOCIETY CONFERENCE. suffrage or equal political rights for men and is held in high esteem as a publicjecturer, and it woman, but judging from what has transpired, the will without doubt be a great intellectual treat to Conference of the Relief woman of the The first nation would have to bind them " listen to her persuasive eloquence. Society of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y selves to vote the Republican ticket, if they ex Saints will be held in the Salt Lake Assembly influence or support towards obtaining' - Hill, Salt Lake City, on Monday October 71b, pectedivis unconditional suffrage. HALF A 'CENTURY. . commencing. at.ia.a., A cordial invitation is extended to the Stake A very large party of ladies and "gentlemen asPresidents of the Relief Society and all officers EDITORIAL NOTES. sembled at the residence of Mrs. Sarah Jane" and members thereof, and also the brethren to at Cannon at the Cannon Farm on Wednesday ' tend the meetings. On-t- he 7th of this montfr"a"Mum'r5er6f "tft' evening September n, to celebrate her bjrthday ZinaD. H. Young, sisters their to Sister Presindia paid L. .respects ' anniversary. It was an unexpected surprise and President. : Kimball it being her birthday anniversary. The an appropriate and telling acknowledgement of Jane S. Richards, ' numbered or more and fifty guests they came their love and esteem for the honored lady. The Bathsheba W. Smith, laden with good things,-- and with presents in husband was necessarily absent, being excused by .Counselors. commemoration of a day which they keep annually the Edmund's Law from any participation in the in an apprppriate way. Sister Presindia has now festivities of the party. President Woodruff and her 80th year, having been born in entered upod other distinguished guests however honored the JUSTICE TO THE PEOPLE. .O. . I. f . r CL. . their " The course taken and the haste made by Presi- wouuenui experiences, a nne .presence; and passed inbychatting, feasting and so on. A numdent Harrison in removing from'office Democrats possessing many of the gifts of the Gospel in a ber of congratulatory addresses were made by because of their politics and not on account of rare degree. Her name is known throughout the guests and some written articles read, among for her works and good ministrations, parthem a letter from the absent husband expressing any inefficiency or lack of duty, is considered by the to and sick distressed in ticularly men of large experience who are not partisans as body or his appreciation and kindly feeling and the cirmind. not . at Although the present birthday cumstances that compelled his absenting himself anything but laudable. It does not bespeak for him the magnarninTtTof characte'r that would be party we extend the most sincere congralutations . from the hosom pf his family even at a time of Kimball and to Sister trust her usefulness' in may the Chief Executive of the nation expected rejoicing. It is nesdless to add that there were continue yetmany years to comeT - rr r ?Hac nneif inn mwat liim t? "t;.ti many gifts presented and everything passed off selfaboveTpettyistirictiolind partisanship. The September number of "The Answer" pubpleasantly. The affair was we are informed under Executive and Judicial work is delayed and lished in the interests of the the direct management of Dr. E. S. Barney who "School of Journal-' weakened when able men are removed Jrom ism," at Detroit, Michigan hasibeeneceivedland ilhouldalso .econgratu.late.di)riuts-success.- acquainted is an interesting paper.. with their duties, and surrorundings, and new men usual order and woman's Something out of the a enterpriser Miss Clara EIGHTEENTH WARD SEMINARY. appointed, novices perhaps,- simply upon some Selleck Editor, She is as of a spoken younewoone's recommendation or preference hundreds or man 01 aoiuiy, ana the one number certainly we We acknowledge receipt of Circular of the thousands of miles away, and who might have have seen well for the management of the speaks Latter-da- y Saints Seminary of the Eighteenth a selfish or malicious object ki vlevv That the5 the patrons of this school of Among ' ?paper. Ward for. the first Academic Year 1889-18- 90; President is urged in this matter by prominent " Journaiisnt as published in its columns Ve notir-pIt is very gratifying to know that, this people and influential mejiofjspax "have practically awakened to the importance of people of these United States of all parties ex- - literature and role. Miss Rose Elizanewspaper having schools wherein definite religious inpect betterthings-o- f the President of this great beth Cleveland, sister of Cleveland struction is given, and special classes for that and free Republic. Holland Patent, New York, Mrs. Dr. Bennett purpose are organized in each department. The Cora Chicago, Mrs, III, Wheeler. Bn.tnn. Hon. John M. Irwin Pres. of the Convention idea of the Bible being excluded from the , Mrs; Col. Hallam, Mrs. Mob!,' Mrs. Lock-woomade the remark. "The bounden may be American, as many arrogantly duty of Miss McPherson, Judge Miss Harlan, Benjamin Harrison, by the grace of the Re- - Snow proclaim, but it is not Godlike and will have a and others, Washington D C. If th tendency to produce a race of infidels. V - " o -- -itf . -- .' " ; - i - - --- of-pra- ise' -- . ' ' 1 -- 1 . Trt' rr...j 1- - - Semi-Annu- al . ' ; ' -- . . . . T , , 1 presencnTrvnTnas ail-Israe- " itta'-hfiii.Vi- officeBrha-have-rjecome-thoroug- l hly - , Ex-Presid- -At- 1he-RepublicanCo - C; public-schools- d, -- 