: Da S- - WOMAN' ' r ' .... , E XPONENT. persuade though she could not help manifesting her disappointment, but she thought, then for hope wa3 buoyant in her breast, that in time they would be convinced that . she was right. She had been such a wise mother and her children looked up to her with great reverence, indeed she had actually supplied the father's place so far as that is possible. "My boys will believe as I do I am sure tbey will;" she said with a great degree of confidence. "Mrs.; Ha (ha way a Congregationalist youeur- - In gome Instances we speak of these things as late anil also as a dispensation of Providence, replied very quietly prie me!" Mrs. Hathaway.feltsure that the but in this case as, in some others of'hich that she 3a( always" we have: known the woman never IScriptures admitted of no private interpreta- in""after"- years the sacrifice she made in tion, and now she had other authority than her own assertion. giving up this young lover of hers, who had "What other authority?'' inquired Mrs. S. set her heart" all aflame; but she could not and would 'hot deceive herself into the belief "the authority of the Elders who have been that mau's love could compensate for that joy sent out to preach re'fjeritance and baptism, and she felt in her new foundloye of truth and tbo' 6therpoints"bf Ioctrine. But I want you to - t ... itwasa bard struggle-ye- t the-conquer- ed her cousins intercession made it all the harder for her, it Is scarcely necessary to say licit ie's - badinage fibout young - Mr. W. the she was weary liepsia' was with the journey and annoyed with. Mrs. 8.. -- whom she to her mother, with to one just converted weighed nothing and she wanted remain at home, her but and she reliirion avotfed her mother would not consent to. it, an d so they was first, Lucy, in the strongest all went on that memorable evening and heard hindifrerencejQLjnarriage f nrfvf a "" TV U'j trua flint a VAI1M the Elders preach. This was almost six weeks ' and were talking with each other around the halt-bewildere- thought-disrespectfu- l oak-paneli- " " " man referred to, Was looked upon even by the newly converted "Mormon" "gTrls in the village as a most, desirable and agreeable coin pauiou, and they liked to hjar him Jn .his.elo- ijuiuv iuuuu uuiuuio urn unci ucui juia testimony, to the Gospel he had embraced. -- rrr.:. x urm i Ti i i it.ii xt aa uuu1 mat xurs. xiuuiuwuy uau bum for Hepsie and also her married daughter Mrs. Severance to come home and hear the Elders rpreach- So sure" was "she ihatrthey would be impressed, thst she wrote in the most positive aftefr the first baptisms had beeiCperformed and there was considerable excitement ,'over the . - affair in this quiet old town. Uncle Rufus. still continued to befriend the Elders and was very hospitable in entertaining" them, but-h- e showed' no signs of being converted. Uncle Rufus was quite a character in his way and was never afraid to speak his mind either upon religion, or politics; his wife w a very pious quite the opposite, and as a natural con- sequence they were not one; in fact all the villagers knew that Aunt Lydia "kept herself to herself," that is to say she occupied her own apartments and Uncle Rufusdid m he pleased with the rest of the house; but when it come to Mormon Eldes the good wife objected, doctrines, or principles, theyv were almost as to hear, as Mrs, II. was to have them. eager . i rr t i maae me own in their iney journey carriage instead of the stage, and only arrived in time -- to get a warm -was supper, :(for"the-weath- er cold) and attend the evening meeting which was held in the district schoolhouse. . . IT uliArr. - i i ..... ta , A UCIJUj-C- nrt -- IU l. MO t. UU V XiULUU though naturally; enough;Rufus carried "the day and as the house was a spacious one she neither heard or saw them; as she had emphatically declared that she "could not endure he sight of WnT irardworking people, it was against her she was brought up 'to work for her living." V IVIU l7iir rnonfTTir-lw5TYV;? noticed immediately the change in her appearance, and childlike exclaimed, "0, mother I I. i r" i now ueaumui your eyes are to night, how they spaVkle; and you seem ever so much ' has happened. younger, what . . T 14 iuy uear jituegiri tnis is wnat nas nappened I have found the triTetjospel, that the Savior and 'ujhisj tauuu aiiu il utLS uivau iiik 'rear, and I have been baptized for tbe remission : joy oimy sms, ana; nave nad hands laid upon my head for' the reception of the Holy Ghost and 1 feel so happy, and I want you and Hannah, and all my children and friends, to -- feel as I do and rejoice with me.- To night you will hear the Elders preach from the Bible; "and not" spiritualize its sayings as the aectarian world prin-cipk- s, 4 . i r- Rut we must go back i.ii - - 1 we do the Sacred Scriptures, a3 it is a golden bible, and that Joseph Smith pretended to dig it up out of a hill in the State of New York,:and to translate it nimselfr tho he was only an ignorant, uncultivated and uncouth young man. He pretends God spoke to Him and that He he "Well that is all true, it is not a pretense; but you shall hear for yourself this .. verv .nkht . "T-- T"It anu you win ne convinced by tne testimony of truth, as I have been, that this new religion i not a delusion, E and that the Elders who proclaim it are not deceivers; but every man and every woman i3 at liberty to judge of the truths" proclaimed whether they be of man, or from God. r At this point Mrs. Severance how sure you. were years you ragoriKaT you had experienced a real change ,of heart; and your conversion was looked upon by our imnister asquibe an eyent because of your pronounced opinions upon all religious subjects, and especially upon the old prophets, I was' onlya girl then, about as old as Hepsie s. bnt I remember verv wpII hpnr.nfy ol,d AYc llidelle Mho used to . change nuu .xui,opuoner say, to iurs. fcjpooner onepulpits night I and-tha- t -- 1 ' - . Juhe ; spoke-"mothe- per-bap- aMing:inqumeandsome---applyinf- - f for baptism and Mrs. II. was greatly 'disappointed when Mr, S. and wife both protected that they were not in the least impressed and did not intend to spend their time to hear such foolishness; in vain Mrs.. H. entreated them to stay and talk to the Elders, or even listen.to her on nortimount-orpersuasiwould induce him ever to sitand hear such talk again, so said Mr. b. and what he said his dutiful wife Hannah acquiesced m. Mrs. H. saw it was useless to ed . - ht . to-nig- ht - wa3 that Mrs. Hathaway had been tiisiiiced s Psalm tun.ea3Yitultheir4ong-reader must remember that at that period the usual method of "pitching a tune," was with "a tuning fork.'f After the singing prayer was offered, and that too was entirely different from the prayers Hepsie had Heard eithefin the Churches or at the parsonage of the Rev. Erasmus Grovsenor. The preaching was upon the first principles of the1 Gospel,-- and references were made to the New Testament almost exclusively, Hepsie was not so attentive as she ought to have been, she was excited, and nervous, and it was so new and strange; she watcbed Jhe countenancesf-rthspeakers, and the effect of the discourse upon her mother who seemed so intensely exercised that it was apparent to all with whom she associated. After the nieedng dosed the people crowded old-fashion- thought that night she bad never looked upon her like before. Her forehead was hiffh and her wavy hair clustered round it gracefully, her mouth was perfect, in shape and outline, lips cherry, and her eyes were heaven's own well proporblue; around her neck which-wationed she wore a string of amber beads, and over her- - shoulders a heavily embroidered crape shawl; her dress was a soft grey pongee : and as Hepsie looked intently into her mother's wonderfully expressive eyes, she thought, as she many times thought afterwards. "Woujd I could paint her portrait, and write her life history." Such women were those who knew the sound of the Gospel when it wa3 first preached in their hearing: they needed no testimony their ow?n conscience and convictions, but time would fail to tell the lives of women like mia uuc, iucir. ictuiu is iaiu up ill luv iticiic of the angels, and the world knows them not. m nave anomer uiDie, and ng fleeted ou'the walls and furniture. There were tall brass andirons and they shone brightly and Uhe hearthstone was a brilliant red. there was no carpet, a painted floor and rugs laid down lorrwarmtn,- as it was wintertime; Hepsie glanced around as if she to see a change in the room, expected . i i t i i i me suauowa anuj glimnut sne oniy ooserveu ii' and remarked, to her mers from the fire-ligmother, "how weird everything looks in this room, or is it because I have just come home, and it is strange after being away so long." "It is only your childish fancy; we thought you would like the fire of pine knots and so to gratify you and we piled it up high would not light either lamps or candles, know ing your love of shadows.' "" The great clock that stood in the corner struck the midnight hour before Hepsie bad retired, or would confess to weariness so much did she enjoy the play of the fire light and the pictures she saw in the burning coals. Her mother too was a fair picture to gaze upon for Hepsie was beginning to comprehend true womanliness. She remembered years after the t i i i very ureas suts wore auu uuw suu auumeuj iur almost the first time in her life, her magnificenf figure and bearing. She began to see now hovi it -;-t QLthem)ften il that they believe its teachings as implicitly -- --- " Hepsie was delighted with the singing it was so lively she thought, and so Afferent from that she had been accustomed to hear in the Churches, for in those days in the old tovn3 in JNew England, the tunes were rather common-plac- e and the choir girls (and Hepsie was one "But" said Mrs. Severance "I - have heard" a i vri"'i i iuu. itilluui iuurmous ' Chose thee for His own abode.'' do, and their Priests and ministers," 1 " "Glorious things of tbee are spoken -- :. Zion city of our God! :: - 4 t6;the"rmon "meetingrltbperied wnKlHehymn." The room where they were seated was long and very little and How with that was bright in it, except as the fitful blaze be-yo- nd " e Mary Hallock Foote, in her pictures of the Far West in the Century, says the life of the men may be large and dramatic, even in failure; but the life of women he re, as everywhere, is made up of very small mattereabadly-cooke- d "fdinnerTEorrible- wall paper, a wind that tears the nerves, a child with something the matter with it which the doctor "doesn't - understand, " an acquaintance that 13 just hear enough not to be a Iriend'; it is the little shocks for which one is never prepared, the little disappointments and insecurities and failures and postponements, the want of completenessand perfection in anything that harrows a woman's soul and makes her forget too often that she has a soul. ' 