W 0 MAW fS EXPONENT 74 minister and asV permission to preach in the to tell the TMilnJt r Wo linvft something -. people, good tidings for them." What good 'tidings' said Uncle Rufu's "as he was called - throughout the village, 'new doctrine where did you come from and what-i- s this you want to tell the people.'' The strangers hesitated a little, but finally replied, "the doctrines we preach are the same the Savior thought more of women than minis- tera do in our day, and that He paid them more respect." . 7 "Ilepsie youzare hardly old enough to ex-- : pound the Scriptures tho you were under the tutelage of an authority on such matters like Mrs. Deborah urovsener. "I am not exactly an oracle perhaps but my ideas about women are very exalted ones and I'm quite sure girls ought to havo greater ad vantages than they do nowadays. then ; prayllell, ,40,;what wwdd you for Instance expect, to be a teacher, and from. whaLyou. have, just been saying possibly. you intend to teach the bcriptures as well i as taught in.the JNew Testament py tne oavior and his Anostle3. and we havie come -- without scri p nor th an a th ousandrmilesto preach to the people and we want a place to . an audience to speak in, and'we hupe to nave here in this village."night MI may, at aay.rate I believe in it, and I'm ' - "I'll- go with you to the Reverend Edward snre mother"canqtiotG moreScripture from its not much Uncle Hufus, memory, than any minister I have neard, they have it written down m their sermons, but wouldn't let a methodist come inside his mother knows the Bible by heart, and more dox, milnifc for inv rart I don't care much for than that she is not very well satisfied with afraid to hear Universour minister at home, she says his sermons religion and I'm not alis even.7" This with an emphasis as though are dry and cold, she often speaks of the Universalists were the most heterodox of all the prophecies of Isaiah and Jeremian and be- - denominations. ieives many oi tneni are yeuo pe mmued, A few steps brought them to the minister's and wonders that the great divines of the day tne strange Kutus was-wit- h door and don t see these things as she does. the into invited parlor and "Hepsie you astonish me, the other day ou men, they were wanted to convince me you knew all about then he remembered that he had never asked their names nor ascertained where they were love)cand now you are'diseussing religion and from. However he was not in the least dis the bcriptures, what next I wonder? "Next, I suppose I must darn stockings, and concerted and said to- the minister "here are mend gloves, and so forth to get back into your two stran gers come to ask permission to preach good graces lor 1 can see you think me very in the Church to night. The Key. E. M. said. conceited, though you are too clever to say turned upon them and without-ceremon' Who are you that you come without even so; it 13 a good thmg you don t' know all I such a thiuk, you fwould want to send me away to sendim? me your names and ask ' some one who could modiiy me no doubt. . . privilege? 'Never mind Hepsie you will grow older "We are Elders sent to preach ' the Ever and wiser m time, and although you can t go lasting Gosptl and we are not ashamed of our f )) to college, you can m another, year at any uuujts ur uui Jiuici.siuu. S r T i ruie go 10 a jaaie3 seminary ana jinisu "Elders, Baptists are you? "And what new And so from time to time the two sisters thing have you to tell? 'We are not Baptists talked of the advantages and pursuits of men but Missionaries called and ordained by proper - and women. - Hannah was conservative ano " authority;"""'"sister a born radical, and she tried thought her "lhis 'said the younger man of the two, is in her quiet way to make her understand how Elder Farr and my name is Simmond3 and we --r -impossible of fulfillment many.of, her theories. are Latter'day-Sainis'- r- r r were. But a great change was coming of "O, I understand "Mormons, from Nauvoo which either orjthe sisters had no I presume, you cannot preach in my Church, --And lieve in the Golden Bible and in Joe Hepsie when she had heard her mother talk of the Scriptures in Smith who claims to be a Prophet." a 1 he lUders tried to way, little knew how her explain about the Book mother's mind was being, wrought upon. to exofMormon and also that Joseph Smith was a. amine the Bible herself, and how by careful true rrophet, but all td no purpose, the . minisinvestigation and prayer she' had arrived at the ter was furious, hi3 wife hearing the confusion -- conclusion that the ministers of the-da- y were came to learn what was the matter and asked in error. - And here lor the present we will the strangers to be seated, and as it to atone leave the sist ers and go back to the quiet for the rudeness of her husband made some invillage nestled among the bills described in our quiries and appeared interested in their mission. opening chapter. It was all to no purpose her husband was determined and she that the school- There came to the good old town of B. on house would hold suggested quite a number of people, a gray November day in the year 1841, two: uuiu uiust i.eiy nave me privilege iiuu strangers, evidently travelers as their oi nqiding a meeting there. at the Post The Elders thanked Mrs. M, for the suggest umce where they would be likely toget a hall ion and rose to go, ..but. the. minister s anger to preach in or if it would be possible to had been.aroused and he vented his : get an opportunity to preach in the 'village 'T don't want to hear your false Churchthe postmaster who by the bye was by saying. u e anu s nan use my 1 nn u en ce against the leader of the- - choir, the singing master of while here in your remain you teachings thedittle village, began to -- wonder-as neither town. My wife shall not 6 to the meeting, r noHtherr grammar, so to speak I will not in anv wav five cnnntpnnnpo savored of college bred ministers, and he bemen sent out without means to pay ' their gan plying them Yankee like with questions. way, and I can assure vou the peonle of B. "What denomination do you belong to itnow better than to be carried awaybythx Methodists I presume,- - as -- yoij t" hayJHhi: .romance of a Golden Bible." : "appearanceo ni The Elders saw how useless it was to ex- terians or Congregationalists?" r v postulate and were anxious to go, and they Before they had time to answer him he inwere convinced' that Mrs. M. was anxious to formed them that the Church was occupied hear by them, from the interest she had mani a Congregationalist and he did not believe fested, ;but after: his declaration that hiswiffi: ' would be allowed .to preach should not any method go, they could only thank her in it. ",, ; for heir courtesy, and were glad to leave the "Well said one of the stran g'ers, we are not house where, such a furore, had been raised. methodists and we would like to see your Uncle Kulus too was glad to get away,nurse-- or . e-- and was now more determined to aid them in for hp. ro. to preach in tJ a nlace ' u.0 O . i , rather fomd of variety and in a sober staid New" Englnnd village there wasf" not much" . i 1 t i i. i tnose in uays anu ue nau Degun to change think like some others that their minister orthodox though he was, did not quite under- stand the neeas oi me peopie. " un tne way as thev walKed.atonjr ne astea more qum.u j tioris, and elicited considerable information, w-tfin- - UUU ' UV. -- -U - v A ' y -., TT1.1 - - .1 v il . . . 1 vj 1 i . house and managed to spread the news through iYta TT.nt.rr that. twr Afnrm nn " T.Mor ll the wav from Nauvoo were coiner to nreap). and there would be something worth bearing, 41 - M.-'-'re- plied as-Une- le - y V . - ...... ' ' -- ' " -r lore-shadowin- or-premon- g, ition. half-propheti- c . -- r - - illill their-manne- do-no- -- r it - - . - A LAW COLLEGE FOR WOMEN. With eleven students Mme. Emily Kempin ha3 just opened the first law college in the world for women. Mme. Kempin is an L. L. D. from the university of Zurich, Switzerland. She has three bright children and a husband who .3 a Presbyterian. Her eye are blue and her complexion blonde. She may be a 13 of slender trine above the medium height, 11 ngure anu-j - kils erect auu weu poisea m cer chair. She has a face of straight-backesweetness and intelligence, and commands better English vocabulary than most native born Americans. Her law office is on Broad- way. Only three women in all Europe have graduated in law. One is lecturing in the University of Bologna, Italy, and another the daughter- - of a 'Belgian judge, and - her appli cation for admission to the Dar 01 her own country is now under consideration. The third: i3 this ouiet little Mme. Kpmnin. To familiarize herself with American law Mme. Kempin applied for admission to tie 1 1 d . Columbia .college law school, borne 01 the trustees; were ;out:of:tora month3 before she wa3 definitely refused, Meanwhile she had been quietly attending lec tures. Jbrdni Columbia she went to JSew YoTkniveriTty and Here as .a mark of court esy to the university of Zurich, but with the distinct understanding that no precedent wa. created, was received. Since beginning an independent practice she has, become, counsel Jbr the Swiss legation in Washington and superintendent of the New York "arbitration society and says that the idea of opening a law schooU came to- - her only when repeatedly-questi- oned by ladies owning property who information-abowanted ut their own business .contracts, about guardianship, wills and inheritances. "Suppose," said her husband, you lecture to women to qualify them for the .management of their affairs, or the supervision. of their, agents." Somewhat to Mme. Kempin's surprise no ladies have yet applied .partial or special courses for property or ousmes3 women, but eleven young women :desire to Jecome lawyers. - for-tbes- e-- full-fledg- ed Mrs. Marv R Knnhnrn T!av Ar. D. ha3 started a semi monthly in Omaha, Neb., called "Life and Light." ; The UnanimnilS rpnnrt nf committee of the nnnstHntrnnal contained the following tVa enfirarre oriwoma-u.uf&-g- e: The rieht of chhenc-t- f ih fd ax.-- ;in vnte and hold office shall not be denied or oa accou2T . abridged - of sex." The Cheyenne Trihvnp xe'hink 1 tnndiD man full y for eo u al t? t - fn. xm m on . cavs. o-- h this is not strong enough. The woman suffrage nlank Af t h a WV should be so worded that there can be no possible cavil or dispute over the signification . 