, WOMAN'S, EXPONENT. 148 i TT7 to witness1 CapitorwilTbe crowded again. a,rriong them in his accustomed places, and hear his voice inlhe assemblies of the Saints. the grand display andthe imposing ceremonies, VVOMA On Sunday afternoon, March 24, the large. and to be a ;part of the thronging multitude that X ver waits on greatness. Tabernaclewas .filled to overflowingr4he galleries -Editerr WELLS; President Cleveland leaves the White -- Hnnas well as the body of the'house, and hundreds who could not obtain seats. It was a with the good feelings of the people; his admini" Published la Salt Lake, City, Utah Terms: 'went away one copy one year,, S2.00; one copy six months, fl.OO. Ten grand and imposing sight, this vast assembly of stration has no by any means been a failure, and copies for the priceof nine. people gathered together,on the Sabbath day. to .he has certainly shown .himself a man of strong rates: Each lines Advertising of nonpareil square, ten partake of the sacrament of the Lord's supper, character and without fear, and has maintained space, one time, S2.50; per month, 3.00. "A liberal discount and to hear the voices of those who had been "his own opinions and views, independent of favor, to regular advertiser's. wont to teach them in thelpasf, again speaking to or the prejudices of his own party. Exponent office No.' 25 E., South Temple Street.econd ' " "them from the public stand. gate cant ct Dfieret News Office. Business hours frosa 10 . Mrs. Cleveland has been exceedingly and deto 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. ... Apostle Geo. Q. Cannon was the first speaker; servedly popular. Her youth and .beauty, her " liddrcss.lL lukiosg communications to h fs;y6icOvassIeTr7an"4 as .powerful as ever, amiability of manner, and that modest grace PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, and his emotions, however tender, were which carries with it a peculiar charnvhas en,. - . Salt Lake City. Utah. under control. He alluded with the utdeared her to all withwhom she has come in con:; "" most kindliness and genuine sympathy to the part tact. Entered at the Post Office in Salt Lake City, Utah, as women had borne in the crusade or the persecu-tio- n Andj'o one goes out and another comes intcu Second' Ctdsi 21 atterV . of the past few years, and spoke in termsoi power, and thus the wheel of life turns round, but thev destinies of men and . of nations are in the glowing admirat ofjheir'm -March i, 1889. pies of their faith and their sublime courage hands of the Great Ruler of the universe, and as Salt Lake City, tinder trying and difficult ordeals. ' His discourse the rivers of water, He turheth them whitherswas eloquent throughout, and must have made a oever He will. FREE FROM EXILE AND IMPRISON-- ' deep impression upon all who heard him, even to MENT. the strangers whowee in attendance, more as a matter'of curiosity, than to hear the truths of hea EDITORIAL NOTES. .j On Thursday, February' 21, Apostle George Q. ven spoken by a servant of God. . Cannon was released from the Penitentiary, where Prest. Woodruff The Stake secretaries of the Relief Society in after Bro. Cannon had spoke he had been since September 17, 1S88. His time the various Stakes of Zion are urgently requested finished, in his usual fluent and happy manner, having expired, he came forth a free man once with the same to prepare earnestness and fervor that has Stake reports and forward more, and his right of citizenship restoreda Jar' them, so that they will reach this city on or before always characterized his public. speaking, and he don having been granted him from President was listened to with the profouhdest attention, the 20th of March, in order that a complete re- Cleveland. It is gratifying to him, certainly, and hat .everv v,'0Td niight be treasured up, and not an , porJLinayi)efurnIshei4he General ;Gonfereuce fn t&aji tbr- - totterda idea lost sight of. 'Joy beamed April. Direct to Dr. Romania B. Pratt, corner upon every counpardon in time to be valuable, and that he has his tenance" and 2nd West and First South Streets, Salt Lake "rearsHfeirfr6mto freedom once more, and can be among the people, welcoming these to the body of City. By order of Sarah M. Kimball, Secretary. counseling, encouraging, instructing and preach- - the Church of the Apostles again Saints in Zion. v'""; :: ; ; The Secretary of the Central Board of the Y. ,ing.; . In the Elder Geo. Cannon evening addressed Q. The morning of the 22116. Prest. Woodruff L. M. I. Associations is particularly anxious to the meeting of the Latter-da- y in Saints the Fifth and Elder Geo. Q. Cannon were serenade in the obtain correct semi.annual reports from each of this Ward no and doubt will he be city, filling President's Office by the Tabernacle Choir in a Stake of Zion. These should be forwarded so as his mission in preaching to the wherever people to reach her not later than March 10th, to enable . body, about one hundred in all. Afew 6thei and whenever calls his and duty him, brethren and sisters were present. After shaking may days her to compile them in time for the General Con- be full of and and his peace happiness, enenies hands and exchanging-greetings- , the choir renJerence,. jm more-h- a vepower to force" hlm ihio lexileToT several Stakes please send promptly to Mary E. cast him into prison. And for Prest. Woodruff a few Savage spoke touching and kindly words in Cook, 323-- East, Third South Street, Salt Lake their behalf, Bro. Cannon responding in a very the prayers of the Saints ever ascend for his ;:"T City, Utah. ; affectionate and " fatherly way. Mrs. Si! vetwood safety and the lengthening out of his days, that he may lead IsraeLonward, and that the enemies The quarterly conference of the Relief Society sang in a sympatheticfVoice the song entitled, "The of this Stake of Zion will be held in the 14th of the Saints may never prevail against, him or song that reached my heart." She was so much af' have power to hinder the progress of the Church Ward Assembly Rooms, Thursday, March 14, fected, that she was obliged to stop for a few ommencing;at'i6a.m.--ahd.---p-.m.:--'-A' representa-- " minutes before, she conld control her emotions and kingdom of God here upon the earth. ' ' On this day, the istof March. President Wnnrl. tive from each branch Society in the County is sufficiently to resume singing. particularly requested, and a cordial invitation is After the Choir concluded their serenade, the ruff attains to the advanced age of four score and extended to all who are interested in the work of Kanaka brethren and sisters came in and sang two years. It is a happy day for him ; he is once more at liberty to go among the the organization. The Y. L. M. I. A. of this several pieces in their original style, language people to associStake will meet in conference Friday, March 15, and manner. Two on three songs or hymns had ate with his friends, if not with his family. Verily he has lived to a good old age, and his and the Primary Association Saturdaythe 16th. the occasion in been, composed expressly- days have A full representation from each Association is honor of Bro. Cannon and to welcome him again been filled up with usefulness, and his opportunities are now increased and very desirable at both these conferences. to the midst of' the Saints in Zion. The Sand enlarged, for he fills wich Islanders look upon Bro. Cannon as thetr the highest position of trust and honor in the The Secretary of the Central Board of the God the :Churchrof earth. upon father in the GospelrherihavinT labored arnon? His faithfulPrimary Associations is desirous of obtaining a his zeal and ness, and his humility are them seyeral years, more-tha- n integrity, full report from each Stake or Zion for the com thirty years ago Known in now. Prest. Woodruff was much exercised-- ii the lands afar tnjugnpulZijQjDand pete report to be prepared in time for the April Saints-residerrAvherehe mav he livaTn :z Conference, and this seeing thera,land spoke- eloquently m them of the semiannual report should returns many this of happy work they were to perform, his interest in their day and the work of be ready ten days before, or about the 25th of and ,God other progress, Temples finished'and behalf, and said many comforting things to them, March. Cpnsequently the reports from all points dedicated that to calculated to encouj-agthem and strengthen their spjritual Avork, to .which so ought to be in the hands of the Secretary as much IiTe his of has been faith in the Gospel. His remarks were interpreted already given. early as the ioth of March at the latest, which The adds its Exponent by a young Elder who had been on the Islands congratulations to would give her then only two weeks time to pre- those the of thousands many of the Latter-da- y upon a mission recently. This little incident was .parejherri. in Saints those-,wishmguj?residen tbe2:remembered who wit-' by pneldrjg Presidents of Primary Associations in the several : nessed it. To meet again under such pleasant happiness on this occasion; and also in his enjoy-mentStakes of Zion, should see that this matter is freedom to go-a- nd come without fear or circumstances two men whose lives are so identi- properly attended to, both as to correct figures :: -r fied with the Church of God, and behold their nmotestationz-and statements and date of sending. Forward faces beaming with joy and gladness, after such a the Stake reports to Mrs. Cornelia H. Clayton, long and dreary exile as it must have, been to" No. 115 Third Street, Salt Lake City. PRESIDENTS CLEVELAND AND HAR- them, and a trial to the Saints to be deprived. of , RISON. On Wednesday, Feb. 13th, a few ladies assemtheir society, ban event to be treasured in "one's bled by invitation at the residence of Mrs. Julia heart, and remembered to the end of JifeV pilOn the 4th of this month the inauguration of C. Howe, in this city, in what might be termed a grimage. This- - people truly love their leaders, President-elec- t Harrison will take. place. The the Apostles, andTrest. Woodruff, the parlor meeting. Social conversation upon, topics are Republican aged over party jubilant the of general interest occupied the afternoon, and a victory veteran is greatly venerated as well as have gained elaborate, belovedby they are Latter-dapreparations the y delicious repast was served at 5 p.m., after which Saints, whQaUjejoice toee him being made far the event, and it is expected the" a rich spiritual feast was Jpartaken of, when be- with-visito- rs N'S hXPO NENT. . -T-l- : : f.fElJ semi-monthl- y, . . - . - ; a-- m " . ; kept-strict- ly v- -- -- - - semi-annu- al ' , : . -c- r -- and . e - iy ' of , 1,-- , . ; i,.r-.,- ' 