WOMAN'S EXPONENT. morals."" The potency and pith of every line in ri the above quotation find the he homo circle, miniatunLtypa of. all. or where women preside conjointly gan .nations, ur uusuanus WHIl lucu Biiuum uo so. H women can be educated in and have a voice in the government of the city, county, state or territory in which tlieyreside they would be a full-applicatio- . 1 X Ai am r n t wnnwni 3 i flourishing of the myriads of dens of. temp? tation which now bristle from every corner of all great cities, alluring the youthful- and ;l .1 . .! r.l iuiu pams wuica ieau to ilives curious imuu not only pernicious to the welfare, peace and prosperity ot the community, but add to the burdens of the. moral and citizens, them to contribute of their hard by forcing arninsT3 in taxes to suoDort orisons and iailsr in which the lawless are herded inT idleness Vianoitaa licalaoa on1 rlonnnnnna !f n n Uouaiijr) u.vuovi ujfciwo uuu uaugciuus ii aii liberty. Women "I believe would be swift to use every power vested in them, that would preservetheir sons and daughters-inlhepatHs-truth and honor, and establish them in live3 of usefulness and intelligence. Their watch care and solicitude over their home circles would stimulate them to extra diligence to get imp in n.nafc tVipir vnt.ps. nr lift, thpir xrnipp fnr honest men and women as officers and against all measures which endangered the morals of their families. Where is the science of government more required and capable of eternal and lar reaching gooa man in toe home circle where the seeds ot. justice, morality and law abiding instincts are planted in young heart3 yet at -- the -- mothers -- knee?There would;' be" better home government, and ' :l:-lr- , law-abidin- g -- 11 1 1 TT of . -- . -- parents--recognizin- g respecting the rights of their.children and the children the authority and instruction of parents and of each other. The study of the code of equal rights will benefit every one whether they ever become voters or not. The study of politics is a means of development and therefore it is important that women pursue it. and sret &sK3dMndBrat&ndmtftf..U-- all its phases and make obsolete the favorite -- objection of some men to women in politics, that she does not know enough. Victor Hugo has 8McL the 19th century is the century of women. "Revolutions go not backward but forward," and those of progress are growing more rapid continually and cutting a wider swain inl ine neicr or musty traditions and deeD WOrn TUtS of thou frht hnd hahif tliof norra so long environed women within the narrowest limit possible. The spirit of the . century set its seal in the foreheads of a few brave souls of womanly. form, whose - visions sense of equity and justieew as of such strength, brilliance and fixedness of purpose as to sink into as deep insignificance all contemptuous epithets as "strong minded, soured old maid dissappointed in love" etc. a3 the moon pales before the brightness of the noonday sun. The pioneers of all innovations have been strong or never would the walls of traditions , and old customs have been broken down and swept away, and a smooth path beaten for the feet of weaker ones to follow. When great: ends are to .be achieved, a persistence and perseverance of purpose without a shadow of turning is the only means of gaining victory. What is this spirit of the 19th century, , that is inspiring men as well as women with a determined spirit of resistance. Which says we are all equally the children of the God of this earth and He created it for U3 all to enjoy. Is it not the spirit of Justice. Every one born in the United States whose parents are citizens, is a citizen bv rif ht of birth hut. a hlrth An not constitute or make the person a voter. To vote is a privilege and not a right which ha3 been clearly explained to us in a previous session and is regulated by the legislature of each : state governed by certain specifications defined in the constitution of the state or or- : L , and-realizi- ng -- in-nat- e 47 ganic law of the territory. In the original thirteen states sex was not a bar to voting but gradually each state inserted "male" as a rights, and the best manner of petitioning for them. Much hard and earnest work has been' fruitless, and valuable time lost by basing the . ' t . i on ttrguuicuw-ju-iavor oi ceriam-iegisiacdebatable, premises, for instance the 16th amendment to the constitution of the U. S. Those unfavorbie to woman suffrage contend- ing lt wouiti De unconstitutional and impossiDie while those in favor and annarentlv with rood logic arguiDg it a3 proper and feasible. Assertions are not proof, and railing against and berating masculinity in general and going' " qualification ofavoterjuntiLnQwJV'ermontis the onlytate which ha3 not this word in the suffrage clause of its organic law, but it has inserted it in its election laws Monopolies are rising hydra-headeall over the laud and almost making it impossible for the poor to live. Many thousand women earn their own living and many earn it for their families also doing the same work as , men - with- - only hall the wages. Many women are equally capable to the other extreme of lauding women far of filling a number of lucrative offices which above men is all a waste of time and force. In now are only eligible to men, where their work a nutshell our duties, as. suffragists are to inis not heavy and would seem in the fitness of form ourselves and instruct each other in the things more suitable to women than men. cucutu vi uvciiiujcui,-i- o - liuerest - an r our Why not let capacity and ability be the test of tnends in the movement,' to convert our fathers.. eligibility and not sex? Power is held in re- .brothers and husbands to the fact that we can spect and when women hold the ballot they understand and wield an intelligent power in will command more deference then, in virtue politics, and still preside wisely and gracefully ia nim11v wnmnn's at home,J flnd thflt Until - the w mu w vnipa V W 1W ofihatpowerthan they, do J mere sentiment of chivalry. It is affirmed by incorporated in the voxpopuli that it is not vox the great workers in suffrage that the greatest-oppositio- Dei. On motion of Mrs. Dougall a vote of thanks to the cause is the apathy and inwas tendered the ladies, who had so ably difference of women themselves. With some it is from physical exhaustion, because they assisted the programme committee. Adjourned ' have too much to- - do domestically to have for three months. Cornelia II. Clayton. Secretary, scarcely an hour a day to read or think of any thing outside of the four walls of their own houses and also in the fact that woman's work MILLARD COUNTY W. S. A, in a family is never done. Yet if the subject can be so presented to them as to cause a Meetings of the Millard W. S. A. have been realization of its benefits to them and others, held in Meadow and Kanosh. Mrs. M. A. V. an interest will be created and some . time: mil beiou"nd."7and utilized in investigating the Greenhalgh, presiding. Addresses were delivered the President, and subject which wiirresult m positive good, that Mrs. D.byOlsen, Mrs. Gates, of Scipio, Mrs. i3 now spent les3 usefully in moments of neces- &c Thompson, Many of the sisters .sary relaxation. But there is a large clas3 who names, and promised their, have both the leisure, education and ability, pot to the cause of woman's freedom. Meetwho trom sheer apathy and indifference lan ings will shortly be held at Scipio, guidly say they have all the rights they wish Leamington, Oak Creek and Holden, Deseret, when, and havo no desire to have a voice in politics. the members' roll will be doubtless, largely The worst besetting sin of the "world isselfish- so that the ' W. S. A. of Millard ness and will be the very last"Io"166sen will compare favorably with the other from the human soul as it passes the County y counties. M. A. Y. G. : "Gates ajar." If thi3 great army of fortunate women would use a few of their leisure hours in reflecting upon the sad and despairing lives THE SUFFKAGE QUESTION. oi thousands 01 their unfortunate sisterhood, girl3 of the factory whose lives are days of toil for a mere pittance, sewingf women with wages I have read with great satisfaction and pride the to wolf from the . the doings of the different, W. S. A. which are keep scarcely adequate wive3 drunkards who the not only have being organized in the different Conntie3. It door, poverty and toil to contend with, but unkindi-ne3- i truly argues a very commendable spirit and even blows, and u u mberl ess other conamongst the women of Utah and serves to ditions of women too numerous to mention now, cuuiviuat tiuu vuug -- lutjir rignispnaireDeenun-justl- y and couTdBebrought to realize that it is in torn from them they dare strive to their power and would be philanthropic and regain them, and will defend their position benevolent to work for the amelioration of this against all opposition . I felt of unchristian condition of affairs, the fear of the speeches made by the young ladie3proud on the and masculine occasion of their organization, showing talent, being called strong-mindeman's wife would inwould vanish and every combined with good practical common ' sist on knowing why shackles should remain sense.- - ry The progress of the Womans Suffrage upon ner sex when even the negro is freed, and bans and barriers in are her is an interesting topic. Movement why planted, path This of progress as a citizen, when she U fully enhas to served question bring to the point, a titled to and should be protected by the strong great amount of talent and deep arm of the law, with equal rights to life, which would otherwise have lain in thought, obscurity, liberty and the pursuit of happiness with her and the persons themselves would not have been brother. It does not follow as a natural aware of what they were capable of. (Thus sequence if women possess the full franchise accomplishing a double purpose). So true it that she must on will be elected or accept er ery is that every important event that transpires, office in the gift of the people. This can and which the mass of the people are interested be her to sense trusted of safely propriety and in, helps to develop hidden talent, that would the good judgment of the - people. Let us as otherwise dwarf or dwindle away for lackof an association seek diligently to inform, active exercise. on all matters of government, trying Now here in this sweltering region of.. Ariwith the simpler forms as the Municipal, then zona. We are not exercised very much at the and Territorial State and the United present time, as to who makes the laws, or who County, States. This does not imply, we should devote run3 the machinery. - About all the, majority our whole time exclusively to them to the of os are capable of, is to sit in the shade of neglect of our home or business duties, but to their own or neighbors' fig tree, and eat the take hold of the subject sjstematically and at the fruit of their vines and exercise the Palm beginning and follow it up slowly but surely. leaf, in the vain hope of catching a cool We can then understand betteFwhaTare our breeze. ; We cannot do much but sit and see -- ure . d -- -- 7 -n- ow-through V - V V : : n . . . -- Vice-President in-creas- its-fang- . -- d ' pur-selv- " es -- - 