$ J SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, SEPTEMBER 1, 1889. Tliy cares and sorrows, many though they be, Thy burdens, great and he'avy to be borne, Bring not a frowri upon thy forehead free is known. Aii"d .Thy steadfast heart, by faith made strong and brave, Accepts thy lot and upward looks to Him Whose arm extends the trustfulsoul to save, Whose loving kindness never croweth dim. "I CONTENTS. Hephzibah -- Phelps Centennial A Story!; S lI.Jbali.tfomespM Homespun. Editorial Notes. On the Way Z. D H. Young. The Cause of Mirage. A False Step Mattie W. Leaves from my Journal M. J. Tanner. R. S. Report Louisa Jones. The Young Woman's Editorial: The.Bumt City. : many secrets, aud as -- . - : . 1 WOMAN. ". Is there a mind of origin divine Y ho has never at some special time In life, a grand, a fair ideal formed : : - . " Oh, blessings on thy lovely, patient hands That minister in daily works of love, As constantly as time's slow falling sands; And to thy loved Oje very angels prove; That, also, filled with gifts eternal, fall Upon the heads of Zion's daughters, come From far and near,, in answer to the call Of that dear Shepherd leading Israel home. she" had none of her own to give, or to keep.they were not at all burdensome. It was another chapter of experience for her; she learned to be wise, for had she not been very cautious, serious trouble might have who arisen between these romantic school-girls- , sucirflirtation forpasiimeTf hergirls" keptup trusteof her implicitly and hearing from all sides, she was able to make such suggestions - , All as seemed wonderful to themnot knowing how well "the little one," was posted. Everything went on aDout the sarae,for some time, at the school, Tind at the parsonage. Aa rHepsie advanced in her studies and developed in other ways correspondiBgly, Mrs. Grovesner "opened her. heart more and more to her, and - confided to 13h3TsTrigson. thy3usy, willing feet quick to d iscern, and intuitive by nature W hich go and come at duty's stern behest, . were like new revelations day by day. Hepsie And never falter though 'mid cold or heat. began to think any condition preferable to be When errands of sweet love are made their guest. in the wife of a village clergyman, with- - conAnd rich reward awaits them in the day stant. burdens laid upon her to bear thanklessly, -When in the clouds thy Savior shall descend though this position had already been proposed With all the sanctified, for in the way as the most appropriate for one like her. The ' Those feet shall fly to meet thy Lord and Friend. husband always to be considered, the wife h ' - seldom if everi' In her iieart she resolved never 73?.Mcssinj,P-- thy lenderfajthful "" That ever felt for all who. weep and mourn, to marry a minister. Still nothing could have That on this earth hath borne a faithful part, 'been better lor a child so peculiarly organizedi And by thy trust in God hah been upborne. ' than the mental and moral strength given to He loveth thee, and hath inscribed thy name her highest and best aspirations, through the In living light within His Book of Lifer"'""'."""" intimate association with this cultivated, reHow fade all earthly gain, all earthly fame. fined and accomplished woman; who had also Before this heavenly gift Eternal Life, the time to devote to her training. It counterLu. Dalton. r: balanced in a great degree the excessive in' Manti, July 19th 1889. later-yea- rs dulgence of the old Major, and-i- n long after Mrs. Grovesner had been laid in the silent tomb, Hepsie had cause to remember HEPHZIBAH. with gratitude her wise teachings and instruc VI. tions, and had it not been lor the balance of character thus attained she might have grown The sobbing, moaning, murmuring sea morbidly disconsolate, under the accumulaBrought to her heart a sadness, a distress; tion of sorrows that for a time hung over her That seem'd prophetic of her destiny, : devoted head. her future happiness. Hepsie studied so hard and was withal so After Hepsie had spoken so much like an delicate that Mrs. H. decided to give her the . oracle the girls seemed to pay greater deference! benefit of the sea air at vacation, and indeed under-discussu tely n ecessary ," aa -- to her somechan ge - was-.ab- sol opinioiKon in their private "clubhand the child was more Mrs. Grovesner had informed hermother, and been to call than ever surprised. Jane who had been go to take her home would only have ' sympathetic at the first announcement of up old mmjoriej5, thatit was really thought Hepsie's description of the life of "ministers' had died out, so engrossed did the child appear wives," took her under her especial protection to bejn the present. Once having made up as it were, and as the other girls held Miss her mind, Mrs. II. though she could ill afford Jane- in high esteem, it gave "the ! little one' to spare the means, was yet firmly determined some prestige. Miss J ane W. wa3 the youngest upon making the journey; and Mrs. Grovesner daughter of a very wealthy,man, who in addigave Hepsie special instruction as to her tion to the title of Colonel was a Squire too "manners;" feejing anxious that Mrs. H. in his native town and a representative tothe should be pleased with Jher Legislature in the City of Boston and- - these as having an ambition that the little girl imaginative schoolgirls fancied Boston the should be perfect in her deportment on her nearest place to heaven. So Miss Jane who own account, for she loved the child, and had was very unpretentious in her way and never already predicted a bright career for her little had an opinion to give was nevertheless an infavorite" Mrs." G.: undertook all preparations fluential friend., in the way of dress, which was very little howIt afterwards transpired that in matters per- ever, yet to Hepsie it was quite an exciting affair, as she had never before been to a dresstaining to tlieir beaux the r girls always consulted Hepsie, and Miss Ray with all her armaker's establishment, and it was about aa rogance was quite confidential with "the girl in trying as her first day at the high school. She pantalettes;" telling her much of her prefer- - went through it all like one in a dream, and : , ? ? -- . : - Ah, what great volumes does the word express The one word woman e'en without the dress Of adjectivesror glowing- terms of praise,-;- ; :; :Or eloquence which poets" oft engage. i - - - Our ideal represents the graces! She towers in the most exalted places, Or hovering as an angel in the lowest depths TOT sorrow-povert,'or eyen sin,' Her love is felt. We see her standing firm with eye intent" Upon an object sought, with will unbent To vacillating schemes, with fortitude Enduring all, unmoved from duties, load. -- - - . Associated witm even the thought Of Woman is Beamy and therewith wrought Like' fewest flowers in wreath entwined J r Are all the rarer gifts of heart and mind. ' Tne central flower divinely white so pure it greets the sight, , Is Chastity! -- Afid-4roping mddestyrSO tfue-awi-r- ar Her charms enchance, and make aJl traits seem fair. With love as constant as the ocean's sigh And soothing sympathies and moistening eye, With Faith, Hope, Charity! combined With gentle voice, and every act refined. " - O'er-shadowi- " But now we see har in her highest sphere Home's holy sacred altar! Ah.itis here v Her virtues shine far more resplendent ; And her sublime devotion e'en transcendent. Duty fan exceed the band of wife : . . and mother. E. R. S. LINES. Addressed to Sister Elizabeth Casto of Manti. '.. God bless thee, sister, pressing on thy way With double burden on thy shoulders laid; . . A sentinel thoustandest night and day, V ith human weakness on Savior thy stayed; Thou knowest He is full of hope and strength, As well as love and mercy, truth and grace; And thou hast learned to gTasp His hand at length And walk in light outshining from His face. , . ng all-iiiatte- rs The wife so true, so faithful to the one she loves, Unfailing in the duty that she owes To him, and to her offspring, no other ; ' " ' 1 her first outbreak, but she was - intrusted with . Oh, blessings on thy head with silver crowned j The queenly head of one who walks in light; :And sheds a heavenly atmosphere around, As radiated from a jewel bright.J A mother thou in Israel, and they Who grow around thee yet shall gladly rise To bless thee orr thy holyj heavenward way," And scan thy life with reverential eyes. :Joarna!.;iiW.cstminsterrAbbeyJtTCr:Klttredge7. Around the House Courrier Journal. The Training of Children Phrenological. JournaL Poetry. 'Woman E. R. S. Lines Lu Dah ton. The Land of Rest Selected. Recolections 7 of the Past Selected " Obituaries. en cos and roguerries and always binding her to secrecy." AH the girls came confidentially to J3epsie, perhaps because she wa$ l so childish, anu they felt they must tell some one, as girls do when they begih "to fall in love," and even" women are not so much better in this respect. Hepsie was rather shy of giving opinions after ion - :- , i 