s WOMAN'S .: ' How many ladies in "Weber County; are in terested in this move? Convert your sex! first. It is only, the minority of women that are seeking to obtain the suffrage. I shall be pleased to see the day whe you. shall Jbave this prisrx-leg- e granted you. May the day soon hasten, I shall hail it, and shall be very thankful to see women placed on an equality with men. all vuv ing .the duuuju children said. iug the Thought owi-u- iu o 23 and carrying out their praise-wormideas, nopea tnejnstrucuons given during .this conference would sink deeply into the: hearts of all; asked. God bless the society in all their undertakings. President J. M. Walton made some closing remarks; hoped the sisters would all attend the next conference. Exhorted the brethren to go and take them. Spoke of the duties of mothers to their children, arid the amount of influence a mother ha3 oyer her children. . President Hammond -- felt there was a; good,influence prevailing. Said the instructions were excellent at the late conference in Salt Lake. There is a movement on foot to unite the sisters with- - the Woman Suffrage society that we might gain strength. Endorsed the remarks in regard to taking the Exponent; the sisters should take, and thoroughly read it. Urged all the society to get good books; felt that it could not be impressed too strongly. Wanted the sisters to teach tithing. Mothers! teach" your girls to be find something for them to do; idleness comes from an evil source. Teach them to beself- sustainmg, and not wait lor a man who 13 able to keep them in ease and luxmry. Conference adjonrned for three months, to meet at Moab. ringing, "Now We'll Sing With One A coord Prayer by Counselor Wm. Adams. 8TAKE., F.-A- The quarterly conference of the Relief Society of this Stake, was held at Bluff, May 26, 1 889; President Jane M: Walton presiding. God All my The of Spring Singing "My... Joys." Prayer by Counselor Wm.u Halls. - Singing, "Zion Stands byHills Sorrounded," Roll called. Stake offioers present, five; local 'officers, seven Minutes of last conference read and approved. President Jane M. Walton macfe brief remarks. Said she felt at home with the sisters; prayed God to give her strength to, fill her honorable position; thought our conferences were to strengthen us; wa3 sure if we lived lip tothe duties required of us we would become great women. The general arid local officers of the Relief Society were sustained. Presidents of the different branches gave their. reports which showed a marked improve-.i ment in mostrpiaces, wnicn was mysi grainy , - help-meet- f - - . 1 . 1 " - : " 41 -- cb branches to store up grain. Counselor Martha Hammond addressed the conference. - Related her late- visit to the general conference in Salt Lake City. Knew the faith' and prayers of the sisters would- - give us strength when trying to speak; said the sisters should: not" Speculate" withthirp"aiF. 6ha had been given a mission to get the sisters to take the Exponent, there are instructions in that paper "that we need. " Prayed God to bless all. Counselor J osephine OrWood, said she f t well in the Gospel; felt we should be humble and prayerful,and try and overcome Our weaknesses; knew if we .were always thus, we would be able to stand the trials we are called to pass through with more patience. Wanted to do her whole duty, and hoped she would always be found on the side of right. Bishop Jens Nielson of Bluff, felt to endorse - -- - Sarah Jane Rogerson, j. President Kristen Nielson reported the Bluff Ward Society; also bore her testimony and hoped to be faithful and true. ounselor M. H. Halls of Mancos felt she had quite a responsibility in reporting all the associations oi that place, but was willing to do all in her power. Said the Society was not in so flourishing a condition as at last conference, 'owing to ""the late 'dfesiTtnlaad visited their town, namely, smallpox. Abigail Stevens said she had not been home since last fall conference, her home being in had corresponded regularly . Burnham;- but with the SecrefaryrThe Society held meetings regularly; they owned a stand of bees; the We should teachers are doing a good work. be careful how we train our children; teach them not to interfere jvith that which doe3 not belong to them. We should always be exemplary before them and guard our tongues j and be careful what we say. We should always take a course to gam conhdence. Counselor'Daniel Allen reported the Moab Ward Relief Society; said he had visited the Society; they had done very well considering inconvenices, the average attendance being five members; they have some little property. President Jane M. Walton reported the Monticello Society; the sisters felt to take hold. Hoped the time would come. when the Society Jemima Murphy, reported the' branches of fcittui- - asin, 1 lno- uyior, luuio dale, Tuba City and Juniper, respectively. statistical, And- - hnancial reports er read The officers of the Relief Society of the Stako and the Wards were presented and were sustained. xkciiex y R. S.,Y. L. M. I. A., AND P. A. REPORTS- SAN JUAN the sisters, had EX PONENT, s; Stake Secretary. of this at Snowflake, June 1st, 1889. was held ; -- President Emma S. Smith said: "The Lord is pleased with us when we acknowledge His hand in all things. Though we may have g times, in - this land, wewill not easily forsake our religion. We get used to ; many-tryin- -- " We "must be ready to sacrifice all worldly pleasures, that we may be the children of Abraham. Our children should be taught to pray. In almost every . instance where a child forsakes the faith, the fault is mainly the mother's, hence the necessity of early training." A meeting was also held in the evening of June 2nd. The sisters who spoke were as follows: Mary E. Lilly white, Sarah Driggs, Lois A. Bushman, Mary J. West, Dena Willis, Emily J.Lewis and President Emma S. Smith. , Many subjects of interest were touched upon ny ine various speakers, and all seemed to feel well paid for coming to conference. : Secretary. come. - -- :rzu:mt Monday, June 24, -Association "was pete Co. 8N0WFLAKE STAKE. The Relief Society Conference ouuicty ju Stake Presi: dent Emma S. Smith, presiding. "Alter a few opening remarks by Presiden t Smith, Sister Mary J. West addressed the meeting; and spoke tjf the time when the Snow' flake" Society wa3 organizad, and the course they had taken to accumulate property. The success that had crowned their efforts thus far, she considered was due to the faithfulness of the members; and. for the peaceful feeling that existed among them, considerable credit should be given the head teacher, Sister Jemima W. Smith. r -- . Sister Lucy H. Flake said: "The first thintf for us to do, is to do the will of the Lord, arid. He will make up to us all we lack. All of us have missions to perform, and we should seek the Holy Spirit to direct us. nn lirewer ieit tnat tne young peo ple have great blessings and privileges, greater perhaps than the older ones, as all their prospects are before them. Urged them to attend alFplaces of instruction, and improve their time in learning things of value, as it will enable them to do a vast amount ot good. ' Z I, Sister Fannie J. Willis spokexa few mo- - Mrs. a Woman Suffrage organized" in:Mahti37San- - llen Jakeraan, President. Full particlHarFare expected' from the Corresponding Secretary, Mrs.' Lu Dalton. On Tuesday 25, a Woman Suffrage meeting was held at Nephi. Mrs. E. B. Wells and Mrs. Z.i the audience "briefly." of conference will bepublished as nsual." Reports WESTAIINSTER ABBEY. BY J. C KITTREDGE. CHOIR AND CHAPEL OF - ED WA RD THE FESSOR. . CON- - ..j.i:. . With reverent feet one ascends the steps leading tothe ancient choir, which contains very much that is interesting; although the objects ;are covered- - with - the dust of ages. -- Hence one looks upon the chantry t)fHenrv y j.wmcn is rainer isoiaiea. of the ine emgy &J i3 is of w00(3; king (which badly disfigured . the head gone- -, Above-are-tidentical saddle, helmet, and shield used at the battles of Crecy, Poitiers, and Agincourt. The Westminster boys as they have sat at service on Sundays, have looked up at the shield and helmet of the departed warrior. We hope the view inspired-herois- m and nobleness. The helmet twice saved the life of Henry at Agin- cojirt aren wat greatly :metSTrwa8T. thankiulilorrthe admired by Flax man. : Upon ilHpresen te ferenee days, and the privilege of seeing faces the coronation of as it took place in Henry V, not seen for a long time. ' N, ; this very church, by Arundel, Archbishop of Counselor Sarah Hriggs then addressed the Canterbury, and Henry Beaufort, uncle of the meeting, on the subject of taking care of the king. Over the canopies arebadges of "ante- meansJn Jh bcciety lnrvAa anA frnm Ku ranter Amelia Cardon:rbore her testimony-tthe: I -' v uacnito iU XTX't"inr::i wm ueveiup ani I: on.the wuif.uAiu.u. chained to a tree cornice, represented lutuuV,u the good there is in us on which is a flaming cresset. This latter ai Veare " 9ouu.selor myu J- - Lewif sai JEenry badge, and signified that he would en- w living m aday de&VQI ir.U.A his- neonle in V whatever may try us let us never deny any also the changes in conduct from prince tn 1 principle of the Gospel for they are ail pure." king. The chantry is a distinguished piece of Let us try to be one, let us cease to do evil and work. This figure,H (in the ornamentation),de-note- 3 seek to keep the commandments of God, and two founders, and two kingdoms which v He will bless us. he had united, France and England. The Sisters Sarah Cope," Anna I. Farn3worth, sculpture describes the coat and other accomMary Savage and Martha Stratton also made paniments, with peculiarities of the man, and remarks. the following selection: Frances R. Thompson, Susan E. Allen, Vaulted with love unto us." .A H. Earns worth and Mary Peterson, Mary. As if an angel dropped down from the ' ... .. -- - ' ' : he : . U- sn o : r honnrnrla.- T A A V - . 