EXPONENT. WOMAN'S President E. Bean and her counselers, Jane Spehcer,landlTheresa JCliurberand several other presidents of branches in the.Stake. Conference opened with singing, prayer and singing. Opening remarks by President 7 Elizabeth Bean; the- secretary read the' minutes of the previous conference which were accepted. President Bean requested the presidents to report; six presidents reported, each one spoke dances back to the time of the birth and in- -tancy Ot tha great church, when it was built on the Isle of Thorns, by Sebert, king of the East Saxons, who died in 616. It then descends to a time several hundred years later to Edward the Confessort and recalls the incident when he was attending mass, of his Seeing the Savior as a luminous child or thought he saw Him. for nothing but years, that alone should ensure his fame. He was a fit companion to old Jacob, the Methuselah of France, who was born in the c reign ..of Louis XIV, and lived 'to see the rrench revolution. .Other.prominent names iu the aisle of history are Davenant, Addison, J onson, Garrick, Handel, Macau lay, Thackeray and Dickens. A3 we were in the abbey about Owing to that circumstance, promoted bv a the time of the anniversary of the death of ofUheRelief-Society,and-ofof religious enthusiasmrwh6 anTexler Dickens, wo saw flowers strewed upon the slab societies in ne vowed that it ever he returned he wou Id - which covers his" dust a tender tribute to his" being , storing, up of, grain; good condition, and of the good works being make a pilgrimagq to Rome for the purpose of kindness of heart. showing his Teligiousilerotionr Circumstances;" performed by-tgtei CHOIR AND AISLES. President Bean was pleased with the reports; however, prevented him from doing so. To be TFrom the aisle of history one naturally turns this a ti me when our meetings should released from his t)ath PopD"L"eo"IX "told "him" " thought that he might build a church in honor of Saint toward the aisles leading to the choir. Per-- , be well attended, and we should meet often. Peter. To carry his purpose into execution Said Sister C. A. Hunt had resigned her posihaps to no part of the great edifice did we turn , the confessor concluded to erect a church upon with so much feeling of the chivalrous past as tion as secretary of Seyeir Stake, and moved we did toward the choir and aisles.. .The- -, that she be released by vote, and also to give the site of that built by Sebert. He destroyed solemn stillness of death pervades the place. her a vote of thanks. Sister Christina Sellers the old building, and erected what was an was then sustained as secretary for the Relief enormous one for that time,as it covered all the There, surrounded as we were by the tombs and effigies "of ancient days, the lights of Eng- Society of Sevier stake. President' Bean gave land occupied by the present building. The foundation was laid in 1049, and "the lish history were thrown upon us. Looking jjood instructions concerning; the storing of about, we were inspired with a certain degree building wa3 consecrated December 28, 1065 grain; reminded the sisters of the counsel of awe. Aside from all individual memorials less than a year previous to the battle of Hast-inggiven by President Woodruff. Henry 1 IT was the second patron of the" of "meritorious personages," there h a charm Sister,Lucy.Heppler .spoke. on the duties of secretaries ol vanou3 associations, urged them abbey. It was rebuilt by Jiidi in the years particularly about this, one of the finest sec- - J from 1245 to 1272. Edward I continued the tions of the abbey, especially on a bright mornto be diligent in their work and to make a re' work which had been begun by hi3 father. In ing, the sun shining through the windowsr To cord of all business. down by the right, as you enter, extend chapel after At the close of the morning session President lo02 the Lady chapel was pulled ! TT TTTT Saint Erasmus', Saint Paul's, Saint JBean desired all who were present to come in nwiry vii, ana nis own ouiu jn jes piace, chapel and others lined with tombs. The and John's, the: Afternoon. Singing. Benediction by Queen llarv refounded " the monuments of the timeM Elizabeth Ire; for the Queen Elizabeth theschool. Very; little of SistexJltucy Jleppler. Adjourned till 2 ?' : .1 t t i "... rri Afternoon session; UonJerence continued. original cnurcn now remains, xnis wonaerrm mest part, the best; grand, as was the reign dT ine maiuen queeni mere are represented effSiDging. Prayerjwas offered by Bishop Poulsen - building always contains for the traveler somigies of almoners, chancellors of the exchequer, Singing. Two more Presidents reported their ething of fresh interest. .' Saint Paul's cathedral, with all its beauty, is maids of honor, in alabaster and other materiwards in good condition. als. These chapels were once places of worCounselor .Theresa Thurber addressed the second in attraction to Westminster abbey. meeting; she gave good instructions; was much The latter is not only famous as an ancient ship. The lastinstance of carved animals at u -- of t more so on account of being the the feet of recumbent effigies is on the monupleased yesterdayr the church,-b7. object- being to organize a Woman Suffrage resting-plac- e of most of the illustrious dead of ment of Lionel Cranfield,Earl Middlesex,l645, Association in Sevier County, hoped that we England. ''. r high treasurer to James I. There is a monuwould 'all. realize the importance thereof. There is an exceeding charm about the great ment to Anne Neville, who married Edward, Bishop Poulsen was pleased" to meet with pile, for it actually records most of what ha3 Prince of Wales, son. of Henry VI; who was killed at Tewksbury. After the death of her been great in England philosophers, states, the sisters;, said that it needed great efforts on husband she hid ' and disguised- - herself as a the part of the sisters to attend to all their. men, soldiers, poets, artists, and musicians, all duties. Encouraged the sisters to fattend to lie here. And the inspection Of the tombs. is kitchen'maid, but was discovered by the Duke their meetings that they might be'benefited like seeing them face to face, for in this great, of Glouceiter, who married her. . This was the unr spoke of the charifiFoflfifT sanctuary we recall their ereatdeeds. Lady Anne of Shakespeare Sisters Societies. Westminster abbey contains, as one might Dwelt on. the beauty .of "Was woman ever in this hotwooedT'IZZI honoring and obeying the principles ..of the' aay, me sum cotai oi wnat nas ount England. " Was ever woman in this humor won?' -- Here one sees an inscription whioh tells of the Gospel. "All triajsanj)ersecution3-areal--culate- d to make us a great people; it 13 necesCHAPEL OF 8AINT EDMUND. past glory of the nation 'or one who has. con.... for to all U3 them." of sary tributed his mite toward the upbuilding of his undergo There i3 a great fascination ingoing in ana ' President Bean said that we had in a way country. Here 'a chancellor of the exchequer, out of the various chapels with their ancient been left to ourselves; the day had come for us under Elizabeth; there a soldier who defended - oLthe-benefit- 4-fe- - s eling of-the- -- -- be - -- ir tz ; " ; - - .' . s. - f- 1 1 1 the-monast- ; erv- m -p- -.m V 1 . . - . witk-the-mee- ting - and-chee- red ; ; - toexej "ourjejie that liad enjoyed many privileges and we had not appreciated them fully. "Some day these blessings might be taken away from us and we would miss them." Bore her testimony to the truth of the Gospel. "We should get a good example before our children OKhnw mnch rests upon the mothers in the training of the phildrenjhat they might become a light to ' the "wo rl d." we ' ' ,laiaa toc v lUC VvUin vilUC ivciuvuu gave good instructions on how to live, and love y kjv-ujiuv- J. and honor home and country. Said that the Constitution of the United Statewa3 formed by men inspired by the Holy Spirit. nee adiourned for three; months to in Richfield. Singing. dent vvm. beegmilJer. . . beheld Benediction by Presi ; Ciiristina Sellers, Secretary. WESTMINSTER ABBEY BY . J. - hisland in-- a time-of-per- il. Itris-curioust- bJinilndomDia.igat-act- s o7 observe the different styles of tomb3, from the plain forms at the time of William Rufus to the extremely ornate ones of Elizabeth's ' day.;'" TOET's CORNER. place ' like a spell upon the mind, carrying, it into the remote pait and causing the actor3 in former scenes to be present with U3. In this chapel sleep the children of Edward III. Bulwer Lytton also lies buried here. But it 13 an fora modern. - . CHAPEL OF SAINT NICHOLAS. People usually en ter the section of the abbey known as the "poet's corner" at the door where 3zi Here lies Sir George Villarsr father of the the unfortunate Queen Caroline knocked in first Duke of Buckingham. Catherine of vaiafor admittance to iJbeoronationf her" Valois, queen of"Henry V, was also buried husband, George IV. jThh section acquired its --here. She wa3 the daughter of Charles VI of 'name from the fact of Chaucer's having been France. TAfter the: death of the king she buried there, his monument having been. the innot very satisfactorily, it js said. It parried; augural one. Among the most important facttliat SamaeVTepyggigsed the this tnummied lip3 of that queen; her body in his Chaucer are those of Spenser, Shakspeare, time having been removed to the abbey. The Milton, GoIdsmithj Gray, Gay, Rowe, Thorn extreme vanity of the famous diarist may be ' and Longfelow. s2e n M tWsjcircun , " thing which has been recorded by him. It may 7 AISLEF HISTORY. be:of interest to the reader to see just what The first monument we observe in frnm Pepys says about it in his :diary,volum4 pan-0 the poet's corner is that to Doctor Thomas 107. Here it is: Parr, who quitted this life at the rather ripe I 'lFehT1SLTlMr 1669Up and to the office, aiLxz ui uuc uuuuicu auu imv-iw- o years: navinor-- H where all the morning, and then home, and been oorn in 148.5, and died in 1035. He lived a mouthful of victuals in my mouth, and puta by during the reigns of ten princes, jmmely, hackney coach followed my wife- - and and the Edwards IV and V, Richard III, Henrys VII irt3. N?M are gone by eleven o'clock, thinking and VIII, Edward VI, Mary I, Elizabeth, to haWseen a new play at tho Duke of York's . Charle3 and L this man If were J ames, noted house. But I do find" them staying at my p-s- on . e C. KITTREDGE. .This Majestic pile, which the 'reflective mind contemplates with awe, looms up before the eye, beyond the imposing tower of the houses of parliament, While gazing at it the mind -- - -- 