WOMAN'S EXPONENT. her good .wishes for all present: some Subsequently songs ol Zion werq sun-b- v of the sisters and also the interpretation given, and it was a time of rejoicing, .a. spiritual feast to , pressedfervently. : -- r i; : j 133 suffrl cause, andQnehohas always. spoken. wl&out prejudice of the suffrage in Utah. The smj.y is briefly told, and one might say the whole is' dphabetically and mathematically arranged; y. "'for the writer has given 'the number of square -i- llJEliaparticpate4jherein,, came Richards S. the in j . Sister Jane mJies of islands. and countrielTIiridlhTSimEer during to the invita and very happily responded meeting Mr. Wilcox says, inhabitants, and so forth. a to few Home words, although'; say lThe cold facts are as usual beyond the greatest tion of Sister achievements "of fancy." "The figures are all she had not been present during the first part of the evening, n wa uic uic uuuiuay anniversary -- fromthe4atest x)fHciaLieturns-ari- d estimates." We shairie pleased to make some extracts from of Sister Richards aswell as that of Sister Young the pamphlet at some future date. though the former lady is two years younger. Sister Richards had been to Ogden by special in The annual meeting of the Young Ladies' Mutoj spend a part of her tual Improvement Association of the Seventeenth But in response to the invi- 'birthday with them. Ward was held in the" upper hall of the ward,, daughters, came in to tation of Sister Young meeting house, Tuesday evening, January 29th,Ijq rappr eciatioiiandf rj e ndship, and join Irs7'JulaTCrIwe7presidingith with the other sisters in congratulations and re-- '. There were quite a. number of young now " filfsthe place of who Sister ZinaT, to; sped iadies present and several visitors from other honor in the Relief Society of the Church of wards; and the Bishop's Counselor, Alonzo Hyde, Latter-da- y ..viz. the of Christ Saints, Jesus. was on the stand. After the;usual opening S. Richardsb her first. Elect lady. iSister-Ja- ne exercises minutes of the last annual meeting were Counselor and Sister Bathsheba Vr. Smith her read and accepted, and the President announced The party was indeed a very the second Counselor reading of a manuscript paper, entitled, ''The eojoyible one in many respects, and a sweet spirit ' Quarterly Review." Miss Lucy Woodruff stepped of love and harmony pervaded every breast. forward and read in an easy and graceful manner, There were several of the widows and of the the editorial, "Stray Thoughts," and other con daughters of the late Pres. Young present. At the tents of the paper, "The Gifts of the Gospel," . close of the meeting the Doxology.was sung and Sketch of Gen. Geo. Washington ;also of the life of a benediction pronounced by Sister M. W. Jared fronrthe Book of Ether, and a CorrespondWilcox. ence between Mrs. Maria Y. Dougall and Miss Jl.' The Exponent offers its sincere congratulatElla Dallas, in which there was much food for and-Sister Jane ions to Sister Zina Dr Ht Young reflection; and comment. Durmg Jhe intervals "STlhan3s7"w between the reading of each article short speeches turns of the day, with renewed prosperity and were made by the sisters present Sisters E. S. Zion. in of for welfare the labors their joy Taylor, M. I. Home, R. B. Pratt, and E. B. Wells. After these exercises were concluded, Coun. Hyde occupied a few minutes in speaking - EDITORIAL NOTES. to the young ladies. Programme for the next the Secretary, and the meet- The Secretaries of the Relief Society in: this meeting was'read.by si n g vdosed withssiiigiDg :dbeiiedictioivi,whkh. "Stake'of Zion;W was nronounced bv Sister 13. W. fSrnith. This to prepare correct reports, and forAssociation we consider a very progressive one,-anward them not later than the 25th of February, a pattern in many respects for others to to the Stake Secretary, Mrs. Elizabeth Howard, follow; The young iadies of the ward have ac No. 60, Fourth South St., Salt Lake City, in order quitted themselves creditably on several occasions that a full and. complete report may be made in in special meetings and entertainments, and have time for the Stake Conference. By order of Mrs. shown that they were really engaged iqr the M. Isabella Home, President Relief Society, cause of improvement, mentally, morally and Salt Lake Stake. .. spiri tually. The Secretary cf the Central Board of the Y. l. Associations Is particular!)' anxious to IN MEMORIAM. obtain correct reports from each Stake of Zion. These should be forwarded so as to reach her not later than March loth, so as to Nancy Broadbent Folsom, wife of Hyrum P.. days with pleuro Folsom, after suffering thirty-on- e enable her to compile them in time for the General pneumonia, died at 1:50 p.m. January 12, 1889, in Conference on April 6th. The secretaries of the this city, at her residence inJhe Nineteenth Ward, several Stakes are therefore desired to send near' the Warm Springs; aged 46 years, 7 months promptly to Mary E. Cook, 323 East, Third South and 21 davs. Deceased was born m II ursh, AshStreet, Salt Lake City, Utah. Underiine,Lancashire,England,' May 18, 1842. ton, The Secretary of trie Central Board of the II S he wasjuie voted wife and mother a friend to Primary Associations is desirous of obtaining a baint, and the poor, and a faithful Latter-da- y full com the for Zion of from She a family of Stake leaves each report many will mourn her loss. plete report to be prepared in time for the April six children, four sons" and two daughters, the Conference and this report should youngest four years old. .... he ready ten of the 25th about or ' On January 15th, as previously announced, the days before, March. Consequently the reports from all points remains left the family residence, arriving at the the Secretary "asougHtlo' bT in lthe' NintientrrWard meeting: hoxiset Ttia.m which-wa- s yearly as the 10th of March at the latest,, which crowded on the occasion. Appropriate and . would give her then only two. weeks' tinie..to pre-"consoling remarks were made by Elders JosepfT the and Pare them. It is a very important thing, H. Felt, Edwin Frost, Martjn Lenzi, Bishop Geo. several in the "residents of Primary Associations Romney and Robert Smith?T)ie funeral cortege matter is Stakes of Zion, should see that this was one block and a half long. ; In connectioQ with her demise we have received Properly attended to, both as to correct figures and statements and date of sending. Forward the following statement, which is somewhat rethe Stake reports to Mrs. Cornelia H. 'Clayton, markable: J No. ir5 Third Street, Salt Lake City. . "As Sister Broadbent was getting in the carriage to go and see the remains of Mrs. H. P. "Freedom's Conquests" is a wonderful sho wFolsom, her daughter, she received a telegram ing of facts and fi in relation to the spread from Terra Haute, Indiana, that another daughter of Woman SufTrage;.in .Ametica, Africa, Europe, of hersj Mrs. C. M, Daggett, expired at 7.5 p.m. Asia, and Oceanica. The book is by Hamilton There was thus only about three hours difference Wilcox, New York City, an able worker in. the f .. in the" time of tne death of the twodaughters. It is also a remarkable fact that Sister Broadbent dreamed ten days ago that her daughters were "bbtirdead, and that Sister Folsom died firsthand. ..''.-- . f so it happened." ATldinjfTo lhitrigTnarxDinadeneeTthe:funerals-b- f at the same the two sisters hour and day, although two thousand miles apart. -- were-conducte- Anniversary of nuptial day of ihtrum and nancy 15. fotsom uta-- penitentiary, h DEC. 29, 1886. . - ' Today I've been thinking of thee, -- Atwl scanned all4hc scenes ofr.my41fisv . ' And a bright spot Nancy, to me, , Is the day you first were my wife, , ' . - - .ye , can sec away back in the years, As far as a mortal can look, And read jal1nour; past joys and fears, Like words on a well printed book. -- Don't you mind what father did say, When you both were talking 0 ne, That you could have Hyrum the day That he would come back o'er the sea, OrTemember that happy day, When autumn flowers were- all in blooaa Chatting carelessly we strayed away . Just inside of mother's big room. - -- -- " can see now that scene of bliss, When you in your bridal array, Gave me fondly that sealing kiss, I crosses through life, And our darlings laid in the cold grave, 'Twas then in the struggle and strife I found you so true and so brave. But one scene I ever recall, And truthfully say to you, dear wife, r That deed is the best act of all To me, it is the gem of your life. al . You may have done so in dread, When you gave me Dear Annie's hand. But with all your sorrows you said You knew it was Father's command. honor the vows I took then, That I would be faithful and true, And now I'm here in this Pen For those vows to Annie and you. " I ; once again may be free But no prison walls can divide That love, dear wife I have for thee, Since the diy you first were my bride, I "soon al x hasl)f ' ncanning the I -- semi-annu- , - -- , . Then when for my sake you did part " With all the dear friends of our youth, And did join, with me hand and heart ... To build us a home in the south.- . semi-annu- And then, with our backs to the door, Our hands on the old mantle shelf, I whispered you could leave me no mo Till I had you all to myself. al L-M- . " 1 semi-annu- y I -- - " But last night I thought I was old, When I viewed "myself in this Pen.; To-da- y as the scenes I unfold I live all my youth o'er again. ease-and-dignit- ' J. :.;:- . But there are many bright days in store," And blessings awaiting for thee, . When prison and bondage no more W ill sever my dear wives from me. - . -- ; A HLEIGH RIDE. Dear Exponlnti I wander if it would not interest Vou to get a glimpse of; this north country by going with us, in the senses, for a sleigh ride this bright winter's day. Cometry the elixir of the keen fre?h air and the accompaniment of the merry jmgle jingle of the bells. Here we go through the streets of the little 