WOMAN'S EXPONENT. SISTER-MA-RTflAT ' How beautiful the power of the "God miht Lave made the earth buig forth keenly sensitive, gifted soul who can gather up. the, . Enough for ieat and snsall, , the dewdropj, tho music of wood and the The oak Uee and cedar tree, 7 glen, in llowiug fountain or in. song of birds, Without a flower afallj " and apply its essence Ife might hvemadej,nouh--nou2- h Utsreetu'ess'torhyme.-aliFor every want of ours,' rhythm, ami ihu3 carry the pleasures of into the homes of tho people, who, while J For luxury, medicine and toil, Spring are And yet have made no flowers." they employed iii the various occupations ofjife, can nevertheless enjoy the sentiments rom time, immemorial flowers have been others have expressed, and in unison with the poet exclaim, "These are my own thoughts and associated with lave" and: tenderness, indeed aspirations." Asihe-chemi- st extracts and tendernesses a part of love, for what we love condenses the strength of the elements of snh- - most wo are roost tender of. Whatever appeals tojthe hcartjbster3 and strengthens the afTecj itaace?,and uses them for .the .various purposes. lionT-."iIt".is perEapsr. bccaulFlfieBpHhgTr tlioT" 10 wmen tney are necessary lor man, in food when flowers are freshest, and birds sing season and medicine, so the poet adds to the richnpa of the inner life, the metaphysical, elevating its sweetest, and skies, are bluest, that love is tone ajid gmng gracija strongestAja(rxUes owiLiirt3ssofulIof the tender passion that one wonders what the" and neart. v.:. ra. It is n6t alone :tho birdswho feel the in bi rds say to eaclijotli e r , ati d I w h'at fluence of Swine:,' but 'the VounL' lambs skin think, and the ppet siug3 of their &(creU in : . strainS'like-theses-'"- -find iO ambftl. frntir- tlmim! , vuvui jJKt,- scious of the delights of nature everywhere aj- "I wonder what the Clover thinks, man. to alLthe efforts indeed, p.irent Intimate friend of greatest of nature seem to have- - culminated through in- Lover of Daisies slim and rnatu forces and asumed4ankible forinsr or to wkh I3uttercups at i.iglit, have wakened after the Ion 1 rest of Winter into newness of life. The affections are Oh, who knows what the Clover thinks stronger, too. or at least we so comnrehend it at this season-o- f shuKwTtmml'nd Tennyson- teils us,m that on quoted stanza from Locksley Who would sing such-- a song except one - in tiali: : love, yes, in love with nature? And who that "In the Spring a fuller crimson comes upo.i the robin's has felt the divine sentiment in it3 purity and ' breast; intensity does not know that to be in lovo In the Spring th'evaatbn tcnrlc nds,lylieiCZ glorifies al is said be to most intense there flowers crest; love iris changes, on the burnish'd In the Spring abound and fruitsjare most luxuriant. Flowers '' dove; in the fields and meadows feast tho eye of In the Spring a young man's fancy lightly turns to "ancTiuspire thB pen of the poet, but " of love. flowers in and about the homo are indications thoughts of beauty inii f e an d 2iTheir in fi u Al 1 the pulses of nature are quickened find enceis always godra!TdbTIUhlng7The the eo ires no n ding human pulsus likewise, when lowliest cottage i3 handsomely adorned when sun-beam- s, Dear; patient, suffering one, how vrty small; Augnt I can do to aid thee, if at all." One glira'ring ray of light I may extend To cheer thy loneliness, My Mother's Friend. ; 187 . d My mother loved theeere I knew the worth Of friendship', such as JerVini Uifo'e. on .earth; She's found that home, of peace and rest so sweet, Where thou wilt soon, herself and others greet. The lips of Innocence thy name shall hear Unto the Father, and in guileless prayer, Tell Him how longingly thy soul doth waif, ' th;Et ernar Gate7 " ZSofef 5 - And it shall be, when shades of evening fall, Thirie ears shall hear sweet Seraph voices call, Bidding thee welcome to the heavenly pTace, Neath the approving smiles of God's dear face. - . the-How- JPeace. peace, oh weary.; heaiLU And from 4his how,- Be lifted far above each darkening power. thine eyes no more behold, Though things Within thy . soul, shall heavenly light unfold. . of-eart- rr; to thee, thy spirit shall be glad and free; yea, very soon shall waft awAy, : sr- . -- - Jloh-o-liuk- s, Thetime no longer shall seem long Henceforth And soon From night of gloom, into Celestial ; thfr-CTilvp- -- white,-VV'alU- . day- - To thy poor eyes, all sightless many a yerir. u ow doubly glorious will that light appear; Which shall reveal, in beauty, and in truth, Faces and forms, which thou hast loved m youth. How near, to me, that worldpf spirits seems Jlow oft dear friends, from thence, return in dreams. .QkF Sis terr.Marjha. lp. my,.parents ..there. Wilt thou, for me, a message kindly bear ? 1 er - 1 a - - . 1 . - - iiujylzaEas -- Tell them, I'm striving io be meek and pure, : the-trave- , Like them, life's crosses bravely to endure; That I would tarry till my boys are men, And help them learn God's holy wiil, and then -- ler . -- - Well, -- I'll not statewhat I - I'll only ask that God will me inspire, my ways may beliis ways iox me; , Please tell them this my constant aim shall be. may-thendesi- , fe, : Lth2:badyj3,m;goodJcoi I find my own complexion - . everywhere' 'Coleridge has said, too: L7?.4-----.V-,.----' April' 15th, 1839. - ' "What we call nature, all outside ourselves, Is but our own conceit of what we see, ur own reactiorrupon what we feel A few more days for thee then war b'e drawn. Aside the veilfrom us thou wilt be gone; Gone to thy loved ones, to thy sure reward; ,Dear Sister Martha, Praise, oh, praise the Lord. Ll'LA, - "We receive but what . o-e- ;' - ; we give, ,.-- . Wc mitrht t:o on quotitr the oinion3 of the noets on thisluexhaus'tihie subject, which has been so much.txtlked of and still remains more Therefore we should be lenient with even tho or less of a mastery, but sutBco it to say, the humblest aspirant who sip at the perennial fount of poesy, remembering that all are weak poet is an interpreter of the beautiful in nature, compared to the great Author of . that nature but the scientist covers the entirety, for he anfor our subjects alyzes nature; and instead of giving us, as the to which we are indebted is the poet's season, for it poet does, its music and beauty inspirationajly, ; Undoubtedly Spring is then God's goodness strikes us most forcibly, ho gives quality and utility, and styles hirnself and the poet must drink freely from the pure the true Interpreter of nature's forces. fount of knowledge, and- alt intelligence ; and dwelt upon birdnotes and melody, we next comes from Him, and He is love, Eir. connection. Aunt this in consider the ilowers The i'jwers'of Spring are a3 necessary to thp nof t as are the sou es of birds, or wi 11 meet i n Den ver, the babble of brooks; and ilowers are not only Col., next October. : The following speakers one of the elements ot poetry, Dutaiso symnois love are will take part: of Jove.- - Music, flowers, poetry and can Civil rarriage," faithfully de J Mrs. Ed n ali D. Cheney: xrorv nearlv related. Who u flowers the Women in Science' Helen senses.,. Laura Linton; upon lineate the efllct of m a silent AiTairs,'' Mrs- - Hazard: language They speak to U3 lorcibly m- a Cf imi anTTO7ujHshin nTOTlyjmtan measure- - They Teast 'Tlie eye "gratefully, anoT yejlr: ,'Tlmaiigration,''- - Mrs. Stevenson: "Child thei r fragrance is exh jlara tingv to every' ehse Lifer A mpng Zunp' Symposium: "Employ' ment of Prisoners," Maria P. Bray: "Housewe possess. To enumerate the varieties and be we all would impossible, keeping a3 a Profession,'' liss Itipley: 'The delights of flowers; -all and we Sacrifice of Education to Examinations," Dr. comprehend have some favorites, in the JKursery," Mrs. wiat a wilderness this earth .would be without Smith: Common-Sens- e them. .Mary llowitt expresses our own Myers: "What Authors Influence the Mind of thought, as true poets ever do, when she louth Tivday," and Mrs. H. L. T. Wolcott . It has been said , and J.ru ly, that the poet's season. There is a peculiar Spring is . ness in the fresh- earth, and in the air, which pene- trates, as it were, to the very centre of all inanimate things, arid causes the blades of grass to shoot upward, the leaf and the floweret to burst forth. The .soul, which is higher than anx of these forins of .beauty, must in conformity with creative forces be in sympathy, with all thesepeciallyzthMOiiL the , ever more or less en rapport with nature, poet feels this beauty without, this overflowing of nature's fountains, antf the same impulse is intensified In him. hecause the hicher order of In the his creation demands expression. j pnug mo uirus caroi men oncciccu uu warble forth their, most charming melodies; thev fiino- fnr W that new life has sprung up. The poet Thomson, in his Season," beseeches the birds for melody: . - -- '""Etna edj your songTyenJOTOry ' The mazy running soul of melody ; Into my varied yerse,"while Weduce From the Erst note the hollow cuckoo sings The symphony of Spring." ....... ' There is so much music in Springtime thatit is little wonder one tries to catch the inspiration, and utilize some of the rich material to embellish life in its sober worWday phases. -- r , And in our life alone doth nature live; Ours is the wedding garment, ours the shroud." THE POET'S SEASON. ilowers areybloomingroun itainh graceful - its doorways or its portico. vines - trail Even those who pass by respect its inmates more, and to the ind well era these simple adornments are often of more value in adding to their happineW and enjoyhitut than the elegancies and splendor of the rich. ;: Nature herself i3 rich in embellishment, if: we will but dispjse her A'arLcd gilts becomingly. At all seasons of the year the poet may find himself in harmony with nature, bu t " the Spring has many advantages, many charms to beguile the ; poet into musical, mazy rhythm. ; T - in-cm- ro The-Wtfmani8ong- res3 -- ' , Horticulture." - ' : . . 