58 I remember and it ing. eternal fidelity she felt she was ready for anything. She did not expect answers to these letters, and in those days postal service was a very different ofrair to what it U no w, .they did arranged that she must marry a minister though the was opposed to ft, she. told me so in confidence; and often wdien we have beenjilone he Jhas bilked to mein such" awayl hat XTelt sure the had. at some was ' tmn in li&r Jlfjap rpal wfpf JifMirt-- '' Sirs. Hathaway allowed IIepie to talk on about minsters, and love, and like topics on ' which her mind seemed to rest, thinking it would keen her from rrievim.'. and all the time Rhft was Iparnino- more of the girl's real nature. though he knew perfectly well the story of Mrs. Grovsener's life, before flnd.aAcr.mar.riaf e.: . and fhe.(iidjnotwonderJhat her daughterput- this and that together, until she wove a pretty little roraauce out of the life of her dear : friend. another letter name, pav . Before manv davs -j j j ing Mrs. Grovsener.bad passed away; and as if -- ' T T I . 1 iiev..iramu.s urovsener was so overcome witn " 1 .1 reana go away irom nis nome, ana antl mat minded him of his "dearly hplovrd. Dphnrah:" 1 -- t I - 1 -- . . attached to go among strangers again, lor her motherwho had already thought the matter over informed her it would be farther away than before, fiepsie was lur iub juftsago mui came, Oil .jnuuy account otthe presentiment she felt the morning she left the parsonage; and vet she had tried lo believe there was nothing in it. At the seaside she had not made any new. mends, in tact they were not her style, the little girls of her own age were not at all com- panionauie, and the older ones were occupied with other matters than noticing children. In- deed Mrs, 11. herself did not care for the who as- society of the fashionable neonle i sembled there she was altogether: too.matt.pr of tact, and as soon as she ielt ilepsie had some- what recruited was only anxious to get away. ne eiaesi uaugnieroi ineiumuy nau married while Hepsie wa3 at school and Mrs. II: in tended to entrust the child to her care now that Mrs. Urovsener was gone, and meantjmemade. juijuiucsr ujf jciici wiiat euuuui auvauiages mere were in the town for Hepsie. and having re. ceived word that there wa3 a Select School for young ladies, she ielt satisfied it would be a suitable place, and that the influence would be lavorable, as there would be Jess llirtation and coquetting among the girls, although Mrs. H. was not very well posted upon what had transpired in this regard at the High school. In was so devotedly u x jiit-juuc- g B - young ladjesjSnJ,jrjuchJnclud.ed little girls in short dresses, and which bv the Iwa wmp worn until they were fifteen years old," and Young Ladies' Seminaries were considered iKa most "proper" places for girls; colleges were noi men open 10 young women, in iact it -- was just about the advent of "thrwbmanY:riffhU periodand right here we might add that ilepsie smother was already tinged with the idea?,that have since Pbeco'meo pRinoalacd" have produced such radical changes in matters i pertaining to women. roor little Hepie was very timid about go ing to strage places, and she had never seen her sister's husband, and indeed did not know anything of the town which was a much larger one and in another county, but her , mother was quite imperative U to her gomg and she knew perfectly well that it ;!LPaW.Jb.nb--useJ-tci-atern pt.to d issu ade her wherr once7r slfeT made up her mind. ' Hepsie wrote letters to the girls of the "Club" telling them that she was going to another school and that owing to the changes at the Parsonage, she was not to retunr to at all, and bidding "them a fond inroxvn ,r.u as scho1 8irI 'ove to linger over and j promis- . , t to 1J 1 in-th- Ilensie mourned sincerely in .a childish" wav.' j and bemoaned the necessity of Jeaviug the school and her particular friends to whom she 1 . The first use of a locomotive in this country r not make railroad connections the mail went by stage, and really Hepsie only khewof one' Railroad, and that line run from Boston to Albany. Mrs. Il.did not like to take- - Hepsie home at all, not even for a visit, but she saw no other way, some needful preparation must be made, and it was impossible for her to re main away from home any longer, and the visit to the seaside had been prolonged for Jbr one- - more day until a .. Hepie week had elapsed and it was nearly time to commence the fall term of school. Hannah (the married sister) was delighted at .thought of Hepsie s coming, and could scarcely wait the time even though she was a young bride ju?tg6ne to Hannah strict instructions concerning her i tt esis terrt e i Dg b er sh e h ad f ar oil wri irjfl ideas the village girls of her own age and how important it would be to ad vise, her- - e choice of books and companions, and impress her with exalted "ideas of what would be expected of J?er in thex future. The journey home was without any partic' ular incident, and once there the busy mother was involved in household duties, and Hepsie bad a grand opportunity to roam over the hills and through the woods and fields, and first of all she wended her way to the old homestead, where she would sit forx hours under the sweeping boughs of the greats elm trees i n -- of the pondering on the pastl g future; many were her childish fancies, and some how a hero of her own ideal creation was always intermingled withthe years to come. The house was occupied now by cousins, three or four times removed, so she had an opportunity to go in and out at will, though neither her mother or any of the family had crossed the threshold since the day of the, old ;;Major;y.n..eraLsThe. idea;o pulW ; - NOTES AND NEWS. and-drea- m girl-lik- e . ing down had oeen aoandoned as it was only valued as real estate. Hepsie unlike the others dwelt in an ideal realm, and Hung with fond-- " , wa3in,182a. - - - r editor of - Mi?sMargarett Elliott Francis, is fht Trained iYwre, Buffalo, N. Y. The National Conference of Charities and Corrections held its session in San Francisco. Miss Ottilie Thomas stenographer and typewriter, is said to be the only American girl in charge of an exhibit at the Paris Exposition. DrLouise Fisk Bryson, a young phjsician of New York, read a paper before the Social -- Science Association on "The Dangerous Cla'sses and the Modern Doctor." will make an ex- Mrs. Annie Jenness-Mille- r tenaea tour mrougu iue jmew xugianu otaies the' IhlsfalPin the interest of dress-reforart of comfortable and artistic dressing. m houth worth, tne story- writer, is now seventy-twyears of. age, and. and active, requires although still bright defective to attention, owing Mrs." Emma iN. o con-sta- eye-sigh- nt t. Mass., a fisherman's reading-room, with newspapers and games. She has also founded "several coffee-roomat the . , point. Men have accused the women who are fear-lished at, Gloucester, s , - o , o one. have but never accused They every thing them of hein g --weak-m i naechMrs. Josq)kin e Ki Henry in Southern Journal Susan B. Anthony has written to Mayor Grace of New York, suggesting that one of the permanent buildings of the World's Fair be set aside to women, for an exhibit of their ' work. "While the men of the country," she says, "shall rear temples in honor of Colum bus, it will surelv be most fittinc for the .i women to" celebrate the virtues of Queen ' Isabella." . Miss Mary L. Seymour, editor of the Busi- V . all itsl ucojj. j.f uixicu o wT... uutuattuy ;c.otk uiucii tu car nandJfjRPJfiWo attractions. "Strange" her mother remarked a dress with seven pockets. Four of these are when she came to notice it, "she has so much in the vest, one for the watch, one for a pene. and ideality that I am completely at a loss to know cil, two for what to do with her, she cannot be dealt with Under one of the panels on, the right side is a the same as the Oiher children and I am puzzled long pocket ior the purse and handkerchief. to know what course to pursue." But Hepsie The pockets for memorandum-booand meantime wa3 catching butterflies and enjoy-- , are tucked away in the drapery behind. ing the summer hours and sunshine, and was uixiiuy iu mo very consciousness or living in hBprorjoscsaanightfrTrockelrrjrrt r side for keys and miscellaneous belongings. the beautiful world. In NewIexico a convention to form a State WOMEN DRUGGISTS IN BUFFALO, Constitution met at Santa Fe on the 3d inst. Before it had been is session a week the ques-tio- n Editors Woman's Journal: of woman suffrage came up upon numer s The Buffalo MediealH3ollecre-rhaoHflfS ous petitions sent in by the women of the O Territory. Several count v convpntinns also years -- opened -- its - doors to women. Two-- of had passed resolutions in its favor. On the these have taken the junior course in pharmacy 10th inst. a majority of the convention refused and have- - Jbought out a druj? store, centrallv to permit the incorporation of a woman suf situated, and are now its sole proprietors and frage clause in" the electiveLfrarichisearticle. managers. The woman suffragists endeavored to delay The idea conducting a drncr sf nro action, but an adverse report of the committee wa3 so novel, especially to an Euglishman, wa3 nnaiiy adopted. that it was'thought wortbv of a noti in nn of the London journals. An inteaview with The Woman Suffrage; Party's State Comone oi tne proprietors, Miss K. Belle Mosher, mittee met at No. 52 University Place, M r. formerly of Hornellsville. N. Y.. di Hamilton Willcox presiding, Aug. 29, and Tact that neatness, tact and exactness, three decided to h old its S tate" Con ven t ion aL Sa IsseDtialOQ-ljOct; 2 and 3". llrsT M. Louise Thomas, possessed by women, and that there is a growthe distinguished philanthropist and nrator. ing demand for women drucr?isb inst n thra iFumaus veuieuarv is tor women physicians. s and of Sprosis, wa3 elected The sign Boutevne & Moshprinw sdnma fVi or tne uommittee instead of Dr. oor of the oldest dru? store in tb ritv nf prcsiuenc Clemence S. Lozier, deceased ' Mrs. Thomas Buffalo, whose establishment dates back fifty accepted the post. Geo. Pellew nephew of .vears. John .Tav Charles LKWhipple, removed irom .1 ITT car-ticket- - " 1 . r. , . . small-chang- 3 card-cas- e k - . -- of-wom- en ra-tog- ar - ex-preside- nt -- - the-Stat- e,- -- 