La WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 176 The next meeting will.be held at National-America- n Washington under the name of the W. fi. A., and the call for it will be signed by the general officers of both associa tions. Until the next meeting, the present ffieerrof botlrassoeiation shrill holduver. : H. BrB.Z. Woman's Joxmialr Union. their dauhter were doing, "they will become more interested for such visits; teach them-t- o -- calloipxmio-tajapa- r- mpsa-w4Ku programme, and in this way they will become more earned. SltEdithSamsoij-thqugh- t everything-w- ' as made easkiJbY the BpIritjpf God: andif the to the" promptings of young will only, listen . t Ml 1. (iou s ppinc they will not go astray. Mrs. Clara S. Caflyle said that through her inability to attend meetings her mind had become spiritually dwarfed:" ''we should not give un to eniovraent at the exoense of our meet ofthe ings but should strivaiohaveJKapirit , - , f 'tHalyGLoiCtfitjiiLUS spirit we should pray and live for always. Dr. R. B. Pratt said she was pleased to bear her testimony to the truth of theT Gospel: ' 'every- young Jadycan to is firm and be the work of God, on a basis that knowlreasonable and by such a course a true edge will come to her, and by such a course the spirit of. God does hot become , grieved; we cannot understand the things of God ex- -- i . . 1 v- . : -- . -r sayshe-believes-th- - - -- is Jrli5pi nk cept-by Bishop Thorn said he remembered when he was not favorably impressed with the idea of women preaching but ,his mind had changed and felt the work they had done was important. Bore testimony to the truth of the remarks he heard in the meeting. Prayed that the blessings of God would forward the cause of the work. weare engaged in: "many great events are transpiring and greater things are o come.:I can;. .comprehend JheworKias :j.t:t it is now rolling on. We will have many trials -but all will yet be well."- Brother W. B. Dougal had observed the good results of this work in the past. He observed a great dearth of testimony bearing on the part of the young and knew that the A PLEASANT GATHERING. On the 28th day of March, the sisters; of Pleacfint Green belief Society wended their of way with baskets filled with the bounties .i ,r:;" eartn,to spena a lew sociable nours wun onejoi therfcoTaborers, Sister Nancy Deardon, Second Counselor in the Society; who has been aiEicted for the last rear and ahalf so that she could not leave her home; and our good sisters think ing their presence would cheer and buoy her up all came out enmasse for a few hours; and all cast in their mite and presented her .with a handsome easy chair. Elder Samuel G. Spencer Composed a few verses for her-- in be half of the sisters, underneath - them were --'en . ' . ",.. .. j - , ( 1 -- 1 v ' TrainingGtiooj foffurses the fifteenth of May, the Second Term of On Dr. School for Nurses begins, a class HughesTraining term students of completing,their first fourth of May. This is the" on the months three first Training Schobl for Nurses established in Utah, and the instruetion giyen embraces the best methods of teaching of the Eastern Schools, whose systems have been thoroughly investigated by the teacher. The purpose of this school is to give a --wider knowledge sickand alj to be will branches the thoroughpertaining nursing rolled thenamesof the members of the Society The second in terms.' discussed ly, these were put in a handsome frame and were term will be held in Dr. Hughes' new residence, on read during, the entertainment. The sisters FirstWest Street. Students desiring to enter, should make application as early as possible, so that aralso gave her a small sum of money. We had can be made for securing text books. a pleasant time and all felt well repaid and we rangements S23.00. TUITIOV, left. Sister Nancy: feeling that she was not en Special arrangements can be made. for Obstetrical 7 r tirely forgotten. teaching. Address: of twelve (12) the-succoss- ive "- - . Alvira . . 'lit- " ' over her as mother. She was always a good, faithful and obedient, child. In the fall- of 1872 she was married in the Salt Lake Endowment house, to James" 13. DaTerrportrand "Kas since-been a faithful ' wife and , mother. She was a member, of . . . . . n r ...:it: u i am wanug-to-atnat laia ifr her power, for the advancement of the workJShe alway- s- : unselfish dispositi- onmanifested in her labors that meek-an- d 01 uod. characteristic of a true Saint three a leaves children, and a great num She husband, . ber of relatives and friends who miss her sadly. ' ' 7" : ; Eliza Barton, Presidents y AnSIE M.Topham, Secretary. . L. Hirst, President, Fanny II. Jenkins, Secretary. P. O. Box Salt Lake City, Utah. 575. ; testimony-fo- r was-to-obtai- n-a ly-surfrfoundation ourselves,' which enlightens the mind for the teachings of the servants of God: "These teachings withoul the true spirit are sometimes considered tyrannical by the young. A knowl-- " edge of the truth would also reduce in number the union of our young people wifhdisbe-liever- s and should leceive much consideiation' President A. M. Cannon said the remarks he had heard in this meeting were good and would aid our. cause. "That Mormon creed 'mirid your "own business' speaks volumes, and should receive consideration." He referred to the "subject of marriage saying "man could not exist in a perfect state alone for man without the woman is not in the the congregation the necessity of obtaining a testimony, for nothing could dwarf a man's eilorts so eliectuallyas an infidel wife. ""God has called us to be subject to His divine law, if we do so we will be rewarded. So may God if we do His glorify and make us immortal : : holy,will." President Cannon, Bishop Thorn, and Brothers Dougal and Curtis then set apart Sisters Mary P. Young as first counselor to MaryAFTeezeresident of these organiza- tions ot thi8 'btake: bisters Maggie C Shipp, Edith Samson, Maria Holt, Clara S. Carlyle and Jane Freeze as assistants; Elizabeth Smith Secretary and Romania B. Pratt as Treasurerr "Conferenceadjourned for three. .months, "GmdeMi? O Thou great Jehovah." sinf rPrayerbestdeht A.BXr Cannon. to . t-'; . r : -- l -- THE UNION. The correspond ing secretary of the American Woman ."SuffriSge Association has; taken a vote of the members of the Association, by mail, on the new constitution proposed for the National American Woman Suffrage Association, and - the vote -- is favorable, by a large majority. This practically concludes the OBITUARIES. GentferaeiT-aiid"Ladic- 3' of sadness we announce the death of Sister Sarah Holmes," who passed peacefully from mortality at her residence in St.Charles Idaho, February 26th, 1889. She had been connected with the Church for many years. and was familiar with the trying scenes which so many., of theSaints have endured,-- . She has for a number of years resided in St. Charles, and since 1883 has filled the position of Counselor to the President of the Primary Associations of Bear Lake Stake, which she has done nobly and well. It is with feelings no Notwithstandirsg'-sh- e WANTED. of good address and education to enter a commercial business, where promotion and salary at three dollars per day i3 guaranteed, small security required "or bonds." Address for further particulars, r Glassfokd,- 354 E. Brigham Street, Salt Lake City, UtaL. was-adv never known to shirk any duty relative to her calling. She was a peaceful unoffending woman, a faithful Saint, and her precepts and examples will long be remembered. Upright and honorable, chaste and refined, . Frugal and wise, thou wert good to mankind. Brave thou hast been in defence of the right, - . Seeking continually wisdom and light. Friend of the motherless, who needed thy care Teaching thera always of sin to beware; Trying to teach Zion's children to stand True to each principle God should command. Striving to shield our dear children from sin, By pointing the way where the victory they'd win. How often when duty stared thee in" the face, iz-iThough thy body was weak, thou wert found in thy place; And though storms might be raging and winds blowing high, If appointments were made thou wert sure to be nigh; BuLnowthou,hast passed.fxQnrlhiae mingle with otfiers in Heaven's bright day. And w e feel thou hast finished thy mission on earth, And gone to that home which was thmebefore birth; Gone to meet the dear friends, thou didst love here so well, Fpreyeiln peace with the righteous to dwell. - - ... SALT LAKE CITY. The Leading Retail : -. Casll House. - Amy. lister": Rachel Davenport died at Iron County Utah, Feb. 25th, i8S5. " nee in been She Asthma for sufferertrom and a about eleven years, Dropsy and has borne her afflictions with patience; was always cheerful, ; and had a kind word, and good "advice to give every one, ana was a strong believern all the principle-soITheuospel. bhe.was"born Apnl 6th, 1854, at Stockfort Larichshire. England. She was the daughter of-- Thomas andMar)' Ann Wamby Pass, aged 34 years 10 months and 19 days. Her parents joined the, Church jpL. JesusLChrisL of Latter-da- y Saints in the old country. She left there when but eight years old, and emigrated to Utah with Brother Willi vm H. Damer who was on a mission in. that part of the country; her parents emigrated some years afterwards, bat she remained in his family; Sister Louisa Dame watched 1 Special to the Ladies. ATbe TEASDEUS and tti Will found latest styles pioductlbns LAGES,UmESMBR6DERIES FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES' n)j-ajj. elegant assortmenl of V O-3DI2,r ODS;arid Special department. for Ladiea! v O ... fant'a Shoes. 112, 114, 116, U8 In- - M i.sse3, East Temple Street D,VXd';:.TiLMB3;v;fc CO., TINfiERSCASWAf for RUMSEYS celebrated LIFTand FOR-'PUMPri. Pumps Repaired on short notice. Orders iroaa the country promptly res pond fed t o. ent J-As- Adire 3 j. IIVID JAYS :i 3, Sex .".306, SAlT Lilt CITT. ; u T - 