If I paid our dues, which made us an auxiliary the ladies, until these same reformers and professed friends of Utah, then asked that the vote to the National Woman's Suffrage Association. be taken a war from them. They showed their 'Although the programme had been made out, - Jove by working for their interest, (hey turned sheaid that we should have an opportunity of round and worked in the opposite direction. being heard. We nad ten minutes to speak i n and-- I- asked - i - w as- - gran ted , Wh en- - wo n j en- - h a Wi a ve--t h pr i v i lege--o- f - vo t ' ing, t hey wi 1 exercise i t more d iscreetly than t hat just gave me time to read what 1 had T the men; because go where you' will, you will prepared. We, were received very kinkly. Mrs. Caine aad I (.alled upon many ladies, find more courage to stand by what is known and had pleasant chats with them. They pro-a3 duty.no matter what may be thecoiifequenceL-- , burning in the hearts of women. .than you find tosted:agaiust the suffrage being taken' away assured in the hearts of men - Meri are willing- - to fro.n usrand-the- v sacrifice their friends for personal glory; reckon upon their vote were there anything to t heir- -: ambitipnhas a price, and whWffT is" call them this year. We attended all- the reached they are willing to sell 'out. This is sessions during the week, with the exception 1 for-iWrt- e-- een this is taxation: without representation, and was one of the great causes which led to the Jheard of Revolutionary war.. I the denied women being many rights that are : hers, but she mayyet .dernand other, privileges- lhat she has been denied, and yet she certainly " has the right to vote.The right of franchise have-neve- r t- ;- 1 . has been given e veii to the foreigners, those who come to our shores, often the very scum and outcasts of society in the countries from -- which they ieomev And even the illiterate and degraded negro' has been given the right of suffrage. I say shame, upon the nation, shame upon the governors and lawmakers who can ; ..make and! .enact and carry.' out .such laws, when -they deny.Jthfijht to the mothers, their pure and intelligent mothers, wives and daughters. I have never heard any one doubt the right of woman to earn her own livelihood, and to work even to drudge for the care of children and support those whom God has given her to care for; and yet I have known of her being "deprived of the same compensation as man where she has perfi rmed equally well;, sheis : denied that which she has earned, years ago, a few noble women organized to asseFt merely because she is a, woman. Some forty and work for equal rights, they have done a noble work, and they are not discouraged although they have not attained that which they have set out for, a Mrs. Dr. Pratt. Mrs. President, Ladies: I have been very much interested in what I have heard especially in the report from our delegate and her trip east. I have always felt thoroughly satisfied that" al I that the world needed to receive us, and have a great deal, of respect for us, would be to be well abquaiuted with us. And a3 this, acquaintance is increa3- ingt visitors are coming continually in our midst, and we are brought more in contact with the world, I feel they will get acquainted. with-Tiand that our friends will far out weigh Ml prejadiC time has comejyhen we shall be a part of this great political move among women. Why women are not an acknowledged power of the body politic, I can never understand, except in this way, that it always has been man's course to assume unto himself all the emoluments and privileges and powers. -- Arid they act out in politics as they do in'anything . " -- - - at pleaedand-in-tercste- d were very-muc- h e?rtai n ex ten 1 t nier ud - i f--i in the eon ventbn.-- r they are willing to sell out, aiitl the majority Of women are not, we may expect that a better; When Mr. Grant was speaking to day, he class of people will be .chosen yjheir vote; spoke with just as much spirit and feeling as This is an instead of saloon corporations control ing in he would at any. other meeting; great cities like New York, the mora citizens evidence to me that it. is right lor us to meet would desire an honest government, and women and claim our rights. This question of union which perhaps most of you know of, the Ameriwould desire their sens andjiusbands to hold olffice and - labor for the good of the people; was can Association, headquarter. in Bo.-tobut to day when we find that to hold public discussed asking a union with the National office is almost to be slurred at, we find these Suffrage Association, it was considered but not same-mothe- rs in decided upon. We received a letter from the advising their sons rk office. hold a public Chairman of the Executive Committee asking any place rather than This ought to be changed, and instead oljeel-inour opinion as to this union; she is not in, favor that it is a disgrace to hold a public office, of the union herself, I do not know how Mrs. these officers would feel it a credit to occupy Stanton feels in regard to it," but the great -such positions. There is no man that holds majority were for thcunion. We stated that our an office in our Church, no matter how much organization was recent, and had not hail time to he may be called upon to sacrifice his own think and consult about the subject. T underto have a meeting about coninterest, and his own personal welfare, but stand that we-ar-e more--fthinks discharging the duties of his ference time, and that would be a good time to own worldly gains. The his office, than of bring that subject up. I remained" after the same thing should apply -- withf" reference to convention was over, waiting to have company of some of the public offices. The reason, assigned for taking home. I called on Senators and Representatives, and the wives away the right of the women to vote, was because they voted as their husbands told of the Justices of the Supreme Court. I had them. There i3 no man.lbut may perhaps .very pleasant chats. make the statement that other men's wives Mrs. Ingalls, wife of the President, of the controllelrhnt-nevWiIPneVer; can be say "that Senate, invited us to a reception which she to-- a -- . - -- n, the-servic- to-wo- : perfect-franchisemen- to-da- es - my ten minutes is up. I have nothing more to say. I am pleased to think we are organized, and that as many of us feel like meeting together. s ; please, and they are 'more discriminating than And if we don't feel personally that weneed men, and have a moral insight into the i .The" Lord seemsr to ha ve m the franchise, that our exercising it will not planted in them the power to read and .discern help, wejk no w the woridjar fu LoL su fTe r in g men. This is illustrate!, by many a man "women who have no rights at all, who can charac-tey-oilme- n. 1 : being: taken in: by hisfellowanbut'itisF' very seldom, the case with woman, when, she arrives at years of understanding, at that age when she would be entitled to voto; she can read the character better than man can, and with knowledge, that seems to be implanted in her, I maintain that she is a better person to, vote than man himself. T eIreynestly the success of this meeting, and seeing that I had will say good the privilege of speaking-first,- ! day; and ta"ke the privilege of reading what may follow in your meeting. I shall be pleased to meet with you at any time, and mingle "my .Inch .xvoim iiomcorujfl gingi&e-jnoywish you abundant sucyou are engaged. I cess in this and in every other good labor. Mrs. E. S. Richards. Mrs. President, ladies: When our President said that she expected a speech from our delegate, she made me tremble; because I did not think any, one expected a scarcely get a living, :andTnofflanwouldever: be asked to work for what they do. Poverty shows us that women too should have their rights. They carry the greatest burden in life and ought to have all the privileges that belong to them. I know I never neglected to vote while I had and l ean, say here that mv huimnd never ha3 dictated as to how I should vote. I have never seen anything that was unbecoming at the. pol i. may he necessary in some places to restrict them from coming within fitly feet of the polls, nothing of .this kind has been done here that I " know of. I wasc laoTfM'eturn hompafV r the con- vention was over, and would have corne alone, but 'my husband was called home as you all know, and I, was glad to have' company. I should not even have stopped to the Inaugural Ball had I had the opportunity. Mrs. E. S. Taylor. Mrs. President and friends: The position which-- occupy this a fternoon, is speech froui report. We left here on Sunday .evening and r a new: and very strange --one to me. I therefore arrived in Washington on Thursday evening, crave your sympathy and your forbearance". . I There, is no where in this world, say as much a3 they can against the Mormons, where women-hav- e as much liberty, and have it as freely granted as here in Utah. When we thoroughly understand what is meant by the political economy, we still more are in - wonder why women are not considered a worthy factor in It means the carrying out this 'economy. safety, pea ce and preservation of the government. Now then, women of course, as far as safety in concerned, will have more power from its internaLarrangement than she will in pro-tecting the country from outside invaders. It is not necessary for woman, to have her full rights, that she shall be a soldier, that she shall bepn the police force, or that she shall fill 1 givingimedMdayziii ladies there before the coil vention convened. out of the city when I arrived, so IxllelijrohT3Iiss very be word left and not that had busy able to see any one, but she received . me very kindly. She said that Mrs.. Wells had written of pur organization, and she was very much Mrs. Caine wa3 rHhnyTs she-Tvou- . 1 pleased ld ?ndeedw:r:She-sympthize8''wit- was glad that we had taken this step. viaand I .... a1 ArcL v..w You may depend upon it. that he. is a gOf( L man whose intimate friends-ar- e all good, and whose enemies are characters decidedly bad.-- -- abilities are waiting to be solved. No one con ri-tests the .....w of woman to be a wife or mother, or denies that she has not-- tW r'urht in heautifying her home. Why not grant her the right to shine in politics and in the nation? She is a citizen of the commonwealth and is amenable to its laws. L If she commits crime, heJiato-atJswe- F for that; she must be punished- as her brother man. ht -- - - - positionthaf are unwomanly. Meeting adjourned for one month. Cornelia -- H. Claytox," Secretary. metc-day;-wa4mredy4viy-e-a- ... part of his property. is the-friyile-ge, m y, elsfiatiwbat :ir:..h " Tt t. s, 'pVetud'Wth don't 'know but what own way; other men's wives can be controlled b u t he knows his own wo n t. Now this is a fact, they will vote as they e " g the-wiv- she 'has property, she must pay taxes; ....... . People will, in a great degree and not with-out reason, form their opinions of you upon that which they have of your friends; and there is a Spanish proverb which says justly, -- Teli me withhTymrjTxliveTud I"wili- tell A ; -- youIwhcyouri!J: - 