The Rig?its :oTJhe Women of Zion, and the Rights of the Women of Vol. ' 17. V SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, APRIL 1 S, BE PATIENT, 'Ah -- . 3 V-- ' 7 Ohl what can we do? plead the'parents d by daughters and fathers and mothers, "Who mourn tor their prodigal onesnzi Could ye do, (Oh, ye bow'd and afflicted) Any more than you've willingly done ? 'Tis a pity, from fountains the clearest, Some streamlets areoil'd as they run. Alas ! there are subtle temptations; Mere tinsel, oft' glitters as gold; Fierce Wolves wait aroundin Sheep's clothing, To lead foolish lambs from the fold. Yet, what can we do for these weak ones But warn them, and ralessly pray. For the angels of Mercy to guard them sons-Disconsola- te Perchance, 'twould suppress sweet com passion ""' And needlessly pamper our pride; If the current of life all 'around us, Should smoothly and grncefully glide. .. Can they pity the sorely afflicted ;t':-:- . Who never were tempted and toss'd ? Oh, how could we sense a bereavement If nothing we ever had lost ? Be patient ! "Ye heavily laden,'' " Be hopeful, twiIUighten-jfOurjcare- ; Be thankful, "the back fits the burden," -Be gkd,ltherejiscgmjbrt in prayer. The strongest have need of God's guidance To "overcome evil, with good;" The weakest can win H is approval. " Who said, "She hath done whlLtlhVcould.1 . Fromevilby jghtjindbydayj If the whirlwinds of lolly have injured - -- : - Though it mates not the blossoming branches; Be patient I for aught that we know The sap from thetrunk, may restore it, , it the as rest And strong might grow. But oh I when we fear that forever, Our own will be blighted and bare, God only, can soothingly answer, The wailings of utter despair. Ah I. truly, what terrible The thoughtless, the reckless can bring; . dCan deluge;tlieJiou And sharp as a serpent can sting . The friends, who have trusted and loved them, , The friends who would sooner have died. "3 E'er one of their numberhad parted With honor, and requisite , pride. , heart-ach- es -- .. ToFEeam that hi silence must sigh; The evil, for evil are watching, And all that is wrong they espy, Thelngrxjfnalie4o . Tell me not Time, whose wing my browjiathhaded, Jlas withered spring's sweet bloom within jmy Jieart; -- Ah no ! the rose of love is yet unfaded, Though hope and joy, its sister flowers, depart." I jQ my last " style," -- although a comparatively recent writer; though the writer of several volumes, I have never yet seen one of her works ad : She died in 1350. Adelaide Procter, the daugTiTeriretr was herself a poet of renown. .She w Wn. in Liontfon in 1 50, ana died inlbo4. She did not write voluminously, but many of her pieces are true and pretty. Perhaps none is better knwn li Passing." "One by One" is very sweet and A ver-tised- .,. SOME OF THE BEST AUTHORS. ii - rn JForjhe Exponent. made " But Mrs. Osgood has -- already gone "out of - . . a' couple . of selections - lish people are justly proud; nor do I find in her sex (and rambling among other poets of ' who well known. 7 indeed, but few of the opposite sex) many the as not She was bo her. is ; above others, Her great many genius desire to be ranked debut she was a true and noble womau; who sweetest, truest, purest expositor of the guileunconvoted her whole life to doing good, lier less human heart; her own we may say life. sinless poetry is well written and displays the workscious, interpreter of a beautiful toned mind. While her elegance of diction is unexcelled;, ings of a benevolent " : r high Birdie Clyde. and the purity of her conceptions unrivaled. She is not sentimental, but exhibits the strength NEW ENGLAND GIRLS. and beauty of inherent truth. She may be and fast these jn all the old practical coins out poets; and timet but so are nearly BOME INTERESTING STATISTICS GIVEN BY is and truth, is beauty A LADY ,WIIO MAS MADE A STUDY beauty as true poetry love lost OF THE SUBJECT. so we will some day come back to our will prevail." for nruth We shall grow tired of ou. superficalities, It has often been asked what becomes of the that brightgem surplus of the female over the male popular and find that true happiness, have delved, all of ages tion of some of the states, especially of " for which philosophers Nature beautiful aiid lies not iu f&KonTBflte nature Nowhere is of the other "down east" commonwealths'. which God hath wrought. 1A nnd true,. than in the pure Misii Ah estimable lady by the name-- of , depths iumc we snau nowhere and who herself to heart, that Rebecca Jones, belongs 111 u school was who for a teacher uKoantv more nerfectlv inter and number, . seuuu omen than in some, of the poets ot tne nearly twenty year3 in a small New England to ourroind. occurs w--t-own;- and-w- ho mm mena3m. vis Mrs. Francis S. Osgood isno born was who of genius, as an American poet :Brroklyirrrgave7 has not Who in Boston in 1812. bearing upon this point to tile writer of this article, bhc said: 4iy4UjyJier8 ; . of-fashi- on . Mas-gacliuW- tts , ca' ; Is pointed with triumph' and scorn, At those ifho; more blameless are bleeding, Pierced through with ingratitude's thofru Some, forget, that the Lord has thus spoken: " Whosoe'er shall calamity see c And. make it a cause for rejoicing, ? calamity troubled shall be. - , By And what can we do but, be patient ? Though stricken like Jacob of old, When the patriarch's pride,"even J oseph; hisbrethem wB hated and sold- ,- ":'-7- Dy Tliou that dost veil the fairest flower with glory, SririLjoOghtjndJch'jeand truth ! Thou that did'st tell me a sweet fairy story, Of the dim future, in my wistful youth. Thou that came'st to me in my dreaming Childhood, Shaping the changeful clouds to pagents rare; - Peopling the smiling vale, and shaded wildwood . . With airy beings', faint, yet strangelyTair; breeze was saying Telling me all the sea-boWhile it went whispering through the willing leaves. Bidding meJistealo Jh.ejjg.hj rain, playing its pleasant tune about the "household, eve's. . A part ot , our family tree If a bough stripped of freshness and beauty Is even unsightly to see t Alas! for the lack of compassion ; Emily II. Woodmansee, Salt Lake City. - . " ; And all the day longlike "Our Father," To the penitent "holdout our hands;'' '.' Is it needful by harshness to sever The ties that should bind us as bands ? lines: . to-da- y? Heart-wounde- Where can we fmtfjaTpoem mofeTfruIy "poeti" cal than that written by her entitled "To The 8pi ri t of Poetry." Let - u 3 rcul I a few of - Us ,-- Like snow 'neath the sun's scorching ray? How many discouraged and weary . idols" shatter'd Deplore Poor mourners' ye needs must be patient; But wherefore be bow'd to the sod? ' Cease to glorify fallible mortals And learn to depend upon God ! . Work for some good, be it ever so slowly; Cherish some flower, be it ever so lowly. Labor I all labor is noble and holy, Let thy great deeds.be thy prayer to thy God.'' ndwjutxompensations own time. ,'ZZ. " v7 From the fine acorn the sfrong forest bloweth, ' Temple and statue the marble blocks hide. ! The worthy can woo. consolation, . - . little they cared, that with anguish Their father's grey head 'was bow'd down; And little they listenedtojynscience, Or feared the Omnipotent's frown. But good out of evil oft cometh, As even to Joseph, the youth, For nought would he barter his honor, His trust was in God and in Truth." Did shame cling at all to his garments, Though his brethern were guilty of crime? Qhl "what can we do''? 'tis a question The children of sorrow repeat, When the trust thatjo love is most vital, No longer with strength is replete; When the lack , of exalted perfection In dearorres too plainly is seen, ' When life looks indeed like 'a fail are "Theihreads so entangled have been. 'Tis hard when endurance seems wasted, And the heart for yearns, When instead of substantTaTaffection A shadow is all it discerns. How many bright visions have vanished r- all Nations. "Labor -- is RresrironTsll- petty-vexatio- Tlntvkeia from the the sorrows that greet us rest-fr- om ns JhatJeeius that ever entreat us. ' Rp,t from the sin promptings lure us to ill; rRest from world sirens that on waif shall pillow. thy slumbers Work and pure shaitride over Care's coming billows; WotJrt-thou Lie down wearied 'neath W'oe's weeping willow,: will ! Work with a stout heart and resolute : -- -Labor is tvealth;; in the sea the pearl groweth, floweth. Rich the Queen's robe from the frail cacoon high school of my native graduated village, where I have been. a school teacher, since 1871, what they have done and what has become of them." She gave the. figures for the classes of the years 1 871 to 1 87 6 from eighteen- to eleven years ago and strange figures for any marrying and giving int marriage community, they are. Continuing;ihe said: . :z:i-rZ- x: 