W O M A N 9 S EXPONENT Sistar Syreua Merrill 13 located at St. David 110 miles, where, in connection with her husband, they have not only acted as missionaries, but as saviors to all who would give heed to Iheir counsel. Suffice it to say that President Young labored for twenty-fivyears; to colonize that land, keeping missionaries there among the Indians; and we expect to build up cities to By-Law- W- - . .1 East. .we-wi- s, acquaintance hereafter. And we pray that his last days may be most happy and peaceful. Dn, E. Barney. 18S1K May, 24, - , . obey, pointing - the name of the Lord," and fulfill" the prediction of the prophet Brigham Young if need3 be, with our "own emigration, a3 our. enemies have not the power to stop them from coming J. ll aid him on with our love, story, but faith, and prayers, until he reaches a still higher seat with the Gods, and is crowned with life eternal. My' friends, now while he lives, and his head still whitens, may we follow his wise counsel, and thus be prepared to continue our to the many noble men and women who throughout the civilized world were laboring earnestly, and faithfully for the same. 'On the return of the committee with the Constitution and they were read and submitted to the meeting by the chairman, and were unanimously adopted. Au -- intermission of fifteen -- minutes was then taken, for the enrollment of member to which 45'responded and paid the membership fee, which had been ... fixed at 25 cents v The meeting was again called to order, and the election of officers proceeded with. - The association is to be called i4The Millard County Woman Suffrage Association," with Mrs. M. A. Y. Greenhalgh as President; Mrs. D. Olsen, Mrs. Eugene Dal brook, Mrs. Melisa 6lsenr of Deseret, as Mrs. E. Henry, Treasurer; Mrs. Lois Hampton, Secretary; Miss Mary Anderson, Assistant Secretary, and Miss E. 'Henry, Corresponding -- e to the earth. 15 . T. Since I came up I have not only attended the sisters' meetings in Salt Lake City, but also tbesisters corifereflcermArasatch Stake, and afterwards was invited by the Bishops to speak 'in the Sabbath meetings, in Charleston and .1 Wallsburg. P.S. L. D. ALDER'S MRS. - - TO THE W. ft. A. IN ADDRESS. 00 DEN. Ladies and Gentlemen: I accustomed to public speaking, esam little pecially on the subject of Politics. Our Asov. ciation in Salt Lake ha3 been organized nearly four months; I think . we have done well,' con" work wre have had. ' sidering the up-hiadvancement and education of woman Secretary, withan :Executivencomraittee of is .The.of the one main topics of thought and conMEETINGS AT FILLMORE. nine, so that all the settlements in the County -- As versation among the thinkers of are represented in the officers. The Constituwomen, we have our family ties, our home On May 25 the Primary conferenca of tion adopted is the same as that by the. associaduties, and so many cares upon us, which make tion in SaltLake City. ' Millard Stake was held at Fillmore, commenc-- us very weary. It has been said, Mrs. Greenhalgh again briefly, addressed the" ing at 10,a.m., Stake President Mr3. DrOIsen "'Man's work, is from sun till sun; meeting; thanking them for the honor conferred' presiding. The house wa3 well filled wTith the Woman's work, is never done." . children and parents. The exercises were well . upon her, and urging upon -- them the necessity ol' unity; for in this only is strength, which in We, most of us, realize this truism; but, given, and did great credit to the local Presi end must prevail. dents and those who had the training of the the mysi3ters, though we have all this upon us, Mrs. D. Olsen a read very interesting: essay. we need not let our thoughts stay with thelittle opes. The Stake and local authorities "Woman's and- President ; Hinckley in a were- present, subject, Right to Vote and Her - menial omccs o t lite. use It. .Ability-tWhile ive are "in thc kitchen, while we nlv Mrs Yates, in a neat and interesting speech, satisfaction with all he had heard; , encouthe needle,' our thoughts can soar as hi o?h as lJ the of forteachers both and to "Woman, children spoke forcibly upon subject go raged heaven; and we can study upon, and even .. en hi n r thor nn rvn .nn st m . ward in the good work, an d;,p rayed .Gad rtft Her Labors, and Her Ability, logether-Wilt hut r Aiir uuu ' a, ouujtwb lULCrtit. vui main, cugagw iiii rn ng it Her Present Disabilities," and called the at: 'bless them in all their efforts. me. is emrusieu ji 10 us as moiuers, At 2 p.m., the same day. the Relief Society tention of the meeting to the work which had (or the opposite,) of immortal souls. Beings been done and is still being done, by noble who are destined to live forever. Can this be of Millard Stake held a quarterly confermen and women in the cause of freedom and suCcessfuly done by the mere care of the ence at Fillmore; Mr3. E. , Yate3 presiding; assisted by her - counselors, Mrs. Thompson of right. bodily wants ? Must we not think of the was The meeting a success,, all' appearing "culture and advancement of the mind, the un and Mrs.Robinson.' satisfied with the choice of officers, and the '.'"""THa conference was well attended, and the dying intelligence within us? It is not for the from the various wards were most proceedings generally. sake of voting only, that so many noble women reports The meeting ter minatecL at G p.ni, and- - was such favorable. All the warjsujrjg,jepxesen.ted--- . 33 jjVIrsr Colby, Airs; Stanton,' Susan B. - Anthony, President Yates congratulated the sisters closed by prayer by Mrs. D. Olsen. Mary Livermore and others, have A. M. Y. zeal and their works the Greenhalgh. toiled a life time, upon good . .., among , sick and the needy, and gave much excellent A propo3 of the fact of possessing the advice, as did also her counselors, and Stake ADDRESS TO BISHOP ATWOOD. ballot is the power it confers. Women are Mrs. D. Olsen. secretary naturally pure, noble minded, and wculd therePresident Hinckley spoke highlv of the work friend said ;to"me,"'; fore vote for "men who are also "noble minded, the sisters were engaged in.. and encouraged with U3 to celebrate the seventy-secon- d Comand go to enforce its laws. In fact, the laws should " them iocontinuezealou3 and faithful, that the be made by good men then they "would be good anniversary of our esteemed Bishop, Lord might bless them. theroast and feast are all prepared." Well, I. also. . Women should take more inter-esf- c , attendance-There wa3 a large and the in the pol itics of the day; said, if I do, Im.usJU;almyffejing3Yith-TOe- r now That and instructive, and here it is a thought or two and I was men say that politics is a dirty puddle in which an excellent spirit prevailing throughout the reminded that forty years ago, in hard times, I pure woman should never dabble. We cerentire meeting. y borrowed a wash tub of his wife; then a tainly Could not make the puddle more muddy At ihe close of the Relief Society conference stranger to me, but I have known them well ihan it now is; and I believe it would be of 4 n m A Wnwiv SJTTcrT i niMt ATt7T"ttxt-- i mnn ever since. He was then on a mission. After cleansed of much of its corruption, by the held, the greater part ot the women remainforty years of acquaintance what can I say? wise nse woman would make of her influence. How shall we become companions" to our ing. A preliminary meeting was held the I ought to say something, and that something" when a committee was I am proud to say, u this; that Bhhop Millen husbands and sons if we cannot be interested previous evening, consider to and one consist so interests them? appointed report upon a Con-- 1 Atwood has beea every thing-th- at for a" Woman SuSrage: :tentrpErs:oncoTirdkof- - another As-- a nelgE-- 1 itutidanliBy-Law- F A very dear friend of mine. wBo has Inno - bor he has been obliging; as a friend, friend : Association iorMiliardUounty ' been a staunch suffragist, told me of an incH iy; . a i'i o . y t i uu oaiuruay aueruooa tue general meeting as a father, interested; as a bishop,4ie handles dent which occured in the life of a friend of rewa3 held and the Constitution aud your means as "prudently and as carefully as hers. He was a well informed, intelligent, and his own; and in fine we may say, that he is ' highly educated man; his wife was eojial to ported upon by the chairman of the committee, s. one of the noblemen of the earth. Early to him in all these attainments.. They lived The meeting wa3 opened by prayer, the -- rtseearly tu work,audMsong1iifeLrtrr' h'appilyas companions for many the r .ir c rw r v, T fitted has nxrs. him His his Z.. me for to France: as they had children iuuu ui experience xj uistu. presiuiug. bishopuiiy, ric, hence, he is able to acknowledge the hand he thought it would be best for her td stay fitihirinn nnn- rinrincr rhpir nh?pnrp if. tho ro. .. of God. He was a pioneer to this our mounand take care" of the family, and of their Mrs. M. Greenhome. ot the he Here A. Y. tain turned the sod and beautiful home on the Hudson. The husband, chairman, quest and-d t the he delivered address esert to ' halgh opening yield support to man. "of course, in the line of hi3 duties, met and prepared And God heard his and others' pravers, until conversed with intelligent men of many nations convened. Gave a brief sketch of the struggles he sees the hosts around. Did he aid in this? upon the topics of the day, government, law, by women for their rights; quoted Senator J Yes, he in foreign lauds, foot sore and weary, and all the thousand questions that interest a Blair and others, to show that it was hot a delivered the message of the 'Gospel;.- still, afoot man in that position.. The loving wife living favor they werer asking bursimply thejrights across Jhe plains, he gathered the humble, and quietly in her home on the Hudson, kept him citizen to few. make vote men for the who chosen informed of the welfare of the children, the. orevefy the laws, u;nder which they live arid must His r chapter is--; too long to tell in a. short 'home and surroundings. When he returned Viee-Prerdden- : Mrs. President, ts. ll to-da- y. - -- o i 4 f1 A. 1 i- -j weu-oein- . " : - . -- Ik - . -i- n-what 1 . By-La- Js.Eenry;.''' "L..:Z:. , : jearsia; -- , j ! ! ; - 