V ventors, hospital nurses, statesmen . and'houe-keepers- God grant that long before another centennial ear shalj have passed away, the ' last link in the - chain of political vassalage -- Irbinds-woman-to-tbe-dark-aes-- rjr-the- broken, forever abandoned, and the subject of womansuflrage properly adjusted, and free and equaTrights giveli to all. Miss Stella Barton7 then sang a song filled ' to the occasion., Miss Arettc1 Young made a speech, w.bich was followed by the committee onjy-law- s signifying their readiness to report. : s were read and adopted. The The meeting then adjourned for one month. past, shall be its auxiliaries beyond, that, of suggestion and sympathy, therefore, no society voting fo become auxiliary to this Council shall thereby render itself liable to be interfered, with in , rer spect to its complete organic unity, independ-ence- , or methods of work, or be committed to any principle or method of any other society, or, to any utterance ,or act of the Council itself beyond compliance with the termsp5f this ' acquaintance efijency aud fellowship. The simplicity of the plan is. one of its chief ad' '. vantages. '.'.....; The local Council of women Would be made" upof the presidents of al 1 societieXotoTnen in a eiven locality, and mitrht have a head- quarters of its own, with an office secretary, and hold meetings quarterly This Council ' I - naturally enter unitedly upon.such lines would - V' or wTork as all boeieties could agree upon. lhe These terms relate wholly to the conditions State Council would naturally hold meetings of membership, which are as follows: annually. It is believed that" such a plan of "Any society of women, the nature of whose interaction, combined with the' organic inde work is satisfactory to the Executive Comrait- the pendence of each society, -- tee, as to -- either its- '- undoubtedlynational, .iiidividual members and lead to larger, character or national value, may become auxmutual toleration between organizations hereTHE WOMAN'S NATIONAL COUNCIL. iliary to this Council by its own vote, and by tofore separate, and to a great degree' non tne payment ot a sum amounting to half a that it will do away" with the overcent yearly per member, in addition to a trienAN ADDRESS TO TIIE ORGANIZATIONS that now leads to much OF lapping nial payment of twenty-fivWOM EN IN TI1F UNITED STATES . dollars iutb the waste of time and energy, and that itsinfluence treasury of the National Council, not later than "would be sufficient to secure almost any local ' three months prior to its triennial meetings." reform either small or great. The International Council of Women, held A3 an UJustration otthe practical working Article III reads as follows: "The officers at Albaugh's Opera House, Washington I). C, at Large,; of the plan, it may be stated that such a CounMarch 25 'toApril 1, 1888, convened by the shall be a President, cil of women might, if it were the general deNational Woman Suffrage Association, adCorresponding Secretary, Recording Secretary, and Treasurer. Each President of an auxiliary dressed by nearly one hundred women from sire, arrange for petitions from all societies'of of the women in any given town or. city masking that seven different countries, and representing fifty-thre- e society shall be exofficio national societies, was the first attempt to National Council, and the President of the women should be placed on the school board; f wYn n fi n: fr rm r r t Tv National Councilshall be ex officio unify the spirit and method of the world's of the International Council. The five of public institutions for" the defective, delinorganized womanhood. Under the nine general shall quent and dependent classes; a&king for the general officers, with the topics of Education, Philanthropy, Temper admission of women to membership, and to an' constitute an Executive Committee, of which ance, Industries, Professions, Legal Conditions, official standing, also, in local, county and state Political Conditions, Moral Education and seven members shall make a quorum, to conmediOrganization itself (as the essential prerequisite trol and provide for the general interests of the organizations, ueh as press associations, cal associations,. Sunday School and ecclesiasCouncil." "of the most effective work in all these lines) The meetings of the National Council are to tical associationsretcTTasking-tha- t a representative body of women took grave such schools and colleges as are not yet open counsel together, and, without one dissonant Lbetriennial, and the Committee of arrange to women may be thrown open for their admisments for them is composed of the Executive note, the mighty chorus of harmonious pursion; asking for gymnastic and industrial pose sounded through the civilized world. It Committee and one delegate chosen by each the public schools; asking is perfectly safe to ' say that never before did training for girls-iauxiliary society as its representative. for better protection for the home, and more Thi3 address is sent to all national the nations' womanhood by a single demonstraof women, earnestly inviting them to judicious penalties for all crimes against girla tion its thought, its sympathy and and women. become auxiliary to the Council by formal acits purpose upon the public mind. , This In shoit, local and State Councils might take tion at their next Executive Session, to be reproved the well nigh resistless power of associated effort. It was the harvest of forty ported- to Corresponding . Secretary, Mrs. the same action in local and state affairs that the National Council will take regarding in-- " the hour was ripe May Wright bewail, Indianapolis, Ind, 'yearsigpent in is for it;, an earlier effort would have been prema rmrirDiNGOBjEcap-TH- all and scope. It will be readily seen that greatly local NEW MOVEMENT Mo aggregate ture, if not impossible. added force will come from any such movethe same object into national so-- i The" chief outcome of this great meeting ! societies having i i xi. xri.:, ment, whether local, state or national, when it cieties engiDie to auxinarysmp m mo lxauwai was a still wider evolution of woman's work. 13 oacKCU uy mo umicu suuit nea pi me Council of Women. For instance, the clubs lucanty, A permanent International Council was prowith a small and that or state expendicities nation, the all leading organized by women in jected (to which none but National Councils but it is hoped ture of money and time, all these societies, have thu3. far been isolatad, can be eligible as auxiliaries)! and a National that a convention will be called within a year while carryiug on separately their own indi- -Council for the 'United States was formed (to to form a national federation of women's clubs; vidual: work for which they were organized, which none but National Associations within-thmay also do an immense work for woman hood the influence of individual clubs would-b- e inUnited States can be eligible as auxiliaries). at.....large along the lines on which all can agree creased by coming into such a federation, and The names of the officers of the National the federation would be eligible to auxiliary-shi- p ' to unite in sympathy, mtiuence and eiiort. Council are affixed to' this address. ' The purTo carry out such plan3 on so large a scale in the National Council. The same is true pose ofjhis National Council is thu3 stated in ' of the women's protective agencies and many will require time, but there is every reason to its constitution: other excellent societies that have been organ-- , believe that the women of the nation will "We, the women of the United States, a quiet but intelligent endeavor, having ized locally, but not as yet generally. our of the best; that good believing in view the ends herein stated, until success -. It is confidently anticipated that all national homes and nation will be advanced by our own organizations" of women will within the shall Crown their great but altogether practicgreater unitv of thoudit, svmpathy and pur become auxiliary to the Nation-0- i able movement. pose, and that: an "org:anized movement of next two years hfl Alread v the organizations of women m nrtnn;i fnrl rpadv to narticioate throuffh women will best conserve th e highest good of their representatives in the first triennial meet- - Chicago have formed a local Council, and a the family and-th- e state, do hereby band our. v,u w uc ;biuiumu selves together in a ' confederation of workers ing of the woman s iNanonm uuuuuu, Detroit and Providence. Ohio or iovi. ' Philadelphia, committed to the overthrow of all forms of held in .Washington m tne spring We also suggest the unification of all local and Kansas have orgauizod State Council ignorance and injustice, and to the application Such unification 3 of all local and: State of the trolden rule to societv. custom and law." societies into women's councils for each townorganizations will at once illustrate on a small ana tne aggregauuu ui n oiare ouvioThe report of the committee that submitted ties into state and territorial councils, that thi3 scale what on a large scale the National m uon-co- n ta ms mis auumwai Council i3 expected to accomplish for the general nlan of solidarity may be rade help ment: ful to the utmost pos3iWeXdeteeT bringing .welfare of TuahityrBut "iFisTa be "distinctly Wkaretri3n2:IyJn2favor: of such a federa- understood that under the constitution of the sectsnd-ectionajationuluaomenef-al-l L increase will lion, believing that it incalculably National Council only national societies of are Council National in the equal given societies . As all women are eligible to membership therein. efficiency and esprit de corps; that it will widen representation m that body. by its Constitution, witnout A form of constitution for local a,rjd State our horizoncorrect the tendency to an exaggera- jegard to the size of their membership, the general omcers Councils, and other hints and helps for organizted imnrpssinn nf nnfi'a own work as com; of the Council have unanimously decided to recommend a will be fujnished on application to Mrs. with that of others, and put the wisdom and change "in the Constitution at the r first meeting) the ing, May Wright'"Se'well," 1 nd Corresponding Sec-- v -- experience of each at the service of all." Council in 1891, by which a uniform triennial fee of $100 of the Woman's National Council. The cosmonolitan character of the Council shalLbesubstituted for the annual' and triennial fees above retary Editors, itersand jalLej3jirullj:aejt- is shown in Article II 6f its constitution, which mentioned: and the general officers wilTassumeBe re ly requested; to further with their respective ', " , , '. L. sponsibility - of admitting societies to membership on this facilities reads, as follows:the plans herein stated, J5ut we here "This Council 13 Organized in.the interest of new basis, if preferred, until such amendment can be address ourselves especially to the leaders no' Specia!;rjropamnda7OTd passed, upon.. at the first meeting of,the Council. constitution." : ' by-law- .will-broade- out-Jook- of n - c; sym-patheti- of-pla- ns e " . . Vice-Preside- nt Vice-Preside- nt Vice-Preside- Vice-President- 1 1 ?i nt s, the-doorr- of n s - ur seed-sowin- g; -- , . e - sin-cere- ... ly uia-wn- sti . - - - : -- ' - -- -."-' . ' ' - 