WOMAN'S-EXPONEN- 1G0 T. American Woman Suffrage Association shall 8ame year, she thought it would not be an inhold one session preceding the opening of each justice to either to reckon the date of the annual convention in Washington and another 'united society from that year, and. to call the .next meeting the The present session after the conclusion of such" convention; . 1 11 '.I wri teoiagDeen u n u eri n ejra press loaanaLtna and the committee having in charge the arrange shall always American was one convention behind the ments- for the annual convention .1 r Nation al &h f - s a i d r 1 h a t i Yi h e - n u m ber 0 f -. .cutive committee and make provision for them. meetings held had been the same, and the only difference was in the way of counting them, V. she thought it would do to call the next conThe decisions reached by the executive com, vention the provided it were mittee shall be presented in the form of recom- - clearly understood that, was not done merely tli Kiioinnao ericeiiina rf i lir rvmA u..I.i(!Aiin because the National, was twenty-twyears old, vention. because but they-botwere. was It readily 1 yy .... r Vi. agreed that this should be distinctly under &m a tter - rested r S "ZTEvery delegate, sbal - bo entitled to one- - vote stood";- - and onn hi ham-ISome' members election of on the each of association on all questions, but only object to . x !xl .1 x 1.1' convention the next oe 10 but euuueu the first, cast calling omcers snail tne aeiegaies anything t.hp. full vote to which -- the organizations renre-. true. Of course, in w "stnet teehnical accuracy, the meeting to be held lented by them are entitled. ' in Washington next jauuary.will be neither " : VII. 7 the. twenty second convention of the National, shall consist committee rrThc nor the twenty-firs- t anniversary of the Ameriof one person from each State and Territory, but first the can, meeting of a new societv elected by the delegation from the organization of the two, liu, in "the "present composed ,1 I wrlfror'a ri"!nlrn f r o11 If ilia f ipmWtr r represented. c : Vllir sufficiently true in 'the spirit, if" not in the letter; and the point in any; case is one of minor importance. annual convention, the president of this AssoAlice Stone Blackwell, ciation shall appoint the following committees, Secy Am. Committee on Union. each committee 10 consist, 01 inree persons,vjz.: The Woman's Journal, Boston, March 2, 1889. a committee on credentials, to have in charge the credentials of delegates to the next annual convention; a committee on programme, to A NEW USE FOR LEMONS. arrange the programme for the next annual meeting; and a .congressional committee, to "If you ....ever use lemons." remarked one have in charge the direct congress! housewife to a "and have a" Dor- during the year which shall intervene between tion of one left lady friend, over, be sure you do not throw the time of its appointment and the next it away." "I . am Jiever:without them in the annual convention in Washington. si i use them nouse, as T1 tor navonng; but l always IX. of what use are the pieces?" The report of the treasurer up to the first of Just this. Ihe next time vou think vou January preceding the annual Washington have done with a lemon j 03$ dip it in salt and " i twenty-second- - w- -- - T 1 w twenty-second- -- o --- - 7? ; h -- UY-JLA- W 1- 1. 1 1 x -- i. -- - - "v-Tr- By-La- By-La- """ w oil-resolu- tions w . . W 1 By-La- m .... . - w - ,iveaUoasshall4vrea4-'M4hefirabus- tuh-youT- m Cd of that body. You will be surprised to find what a brilliant article .surfaceyou. .will, obtain-i- f you rub-th- e do not As some persons a fully understand You witn soft cloth. can polinstantly dry, ish all brass work by the same means, about the "chronology" agreed upon for. "the every National-America- n Woman Suffrage Associastain disappearing as if by magic. A moldy lemon put into a dirty saucepan half full of tion, a breif explanation may be desirable. At theconference in Washington between water and boiled for ha'lf an hour cleanses the the National committee on union and Miss utensil amazingly and removes anv odor, auoh Shaw and 'Miss Black well from the American as fish or onions. Trv it. and see if T nm nnt committee on union, the question came up as right,"-x.- . to how the meetings of the united society should be dated. Each association had a long record of work behind it. Many members of SKETCH OF MARY G. CROOK. 1 J "x- L 1 1 x a! ij. A..il xxl u uom luougui iirni it wuuiu jjiiv, mier . thei-r- annuaU meetinga-had-otuplinto- 4he twenties, to ' sacrifice the prestige of a long series of meetings behind them, and to call the next cdn vention the first of a new series. On was quite unitedof the the date meetings willing to Rnnipf.v frnm t.Kfl hirthdftv of thft othp.r fissAfia- tion. The present writer had thought that a way mv out 01 the auiicuity mignt oe iounu loy gating A merican them .from the birthday of Equal Bights Society," iii which the most active of the suflragists On both sides had worked together for several years before the split took place-- and the Nation al and American .W. S. - - - - j the-ol- XXl U II Vt V XV xxx WVX. XX W d iMUUb XX V t: XX tX V HUlkl would be true in the spirit if not in the letter, "Amajority of the National committee, how- IT 11 Li VxlxO UlUU C VI r "ClxJVll - CWVIOxlCt XilsJC, the associations two then stated that Anthony had been formed in the same year, and had held the same number. of conventions; the only difference was in their method of counting, the National having called its second convention its second annual . meeting,, while 4he Americans called its second convention its first annual meeting, i. , its first anniversary. . V Mary Giles Crook, was born AprllT3th7IB33, in Calver- ton, Nottinghamshire. England; the sixth child of Wm. and Sarah Huskinson Giles. Baptized-- into the Church of "Jesus Christ of latter-day- . Saint to the lnited States, 1854, arrived in Burlington, State of Iowa the sarnexear; stayed there one year. . Then-cam- e to Council .. Bluffs,! resided pla ins - Died in West Weber, of dropsy, the beloved wife of John Douglas. Deceased was the daughter of George Dyson and Jane Burdett, born at Shearsby, Leceistershire, England, November 29th, 1819. She was baptized iuto the Church in July, 1849; sailed from Liverpool, May 21, 1856; crossed the plains in a. hand cart company, and endured many trials on the journey; one that was very : severe; - site liad:"to:part with - her daughterTinLe age of1 eighteen, and then a son on the snowy plains, which caused their parents much grief, for it left them no children, but end of their the LonT gave them strength to reach-th- e journey, at the late seasarrof theyear.tliey reached Salt Lake City, November 3071856. Shortly afterwards she came with her husband to Weber County, and settled in West Weber, where she has resided until her death. She was President of the Relief Society of West Weber over eighteen years, and was beloved byallJherassociates, was kind and considerate to all, and always on hand to do good; and was One that would not tolerate and died jn full hope of a glorious resurrection. P. S. Hart, Secretary. evil-speakin- gs -- - WANTED. . Gentlemen and Ladies of good 'address and education" to enter a commercial business, where promotion and salary at three dollars per day is guaranteed, small security required "or. bonds." Address for further particulars, - r M. Glassford, 354 E. Brigham Street, ' Salt Lake City,. Utah. . ,4 session TniTMEMORIAAI. -- By-La- 1 j B.KTHOMikS m E- - EIP O RIDM SAIT LAKE CITY. Retail: eading -v-L- Hons e Gash. Special to the Ladies. AT TEASDEL'S ttilatest and Will be found kefOij pi oductions styles " settled in Provo City; married to John Crook, September 6, . in ;J .. i856, in said city by Bishop Jonathan O. Duke. Moved LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, to P'rovo valley iff 1859; received her endowments in Salt FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, Lake Cityi July 27, ? 861; was set apart as first counselor to 4fi RIBBONSr COLLARS, TIES Sister Katie Foreman, President of Relief Society, West And an elegant assortmenf of ZWard, Heben alsoset apart as first counselor to Sister Sarah "Cummings, President of YrL. Mrl. Arof said wafdrV" : C3--0 She was the mother of nine children, six sons and three Special department for Ladies' Misses' and In- LxjaughtersAgeat deaths vcarrnd five months pvart;- - tant'jM-ihoes-- was hve montte toaayparalyzed: She "dte 112, 114rllrll8 East Temple Sirtet the Gospel. A dutiful mother and faihfufwifeL, always on hand in case of sickness or death. When the dreadful cSc CO., scourge diphtheria visited Heber City some years ago, she-w- as as "a ministering angel with Tl H N ER3 CASjWATER it STEAM FITTERS heiompanion3Iaggie Hiclcen among the afflicted The day Lord blessed her in her comforting rounds with health and for RUMSEY celebrated LIFT and FOR- - E strength, with only one exception, having a slight touch of PUMPS. Pumps Repaired on short notice. Orders irueo me scourge tor abouttwentyfgur hours. She was a the woma; to. : " country promptly-respondeo! great endurance, never having had much sickness "until Adlrss. CAVID UME3. Box 3C6, SALT LASS CITT. . " X IDE, IT OIDS; . PTIID T.vES oth-nighta- s J M tekegnizanceHOi-fiucu.efitmgsoitneexe- 1 the last five months of her life. Peace to her memory; she-hareward with the just and faithful. gone to receive her ' Yours respectfully, John Crook." ' 1888. Heber City, October 28, nd J-Ag- ent d 