t; - .l 191 WOMAN'S EXPONENT; wade,. in, trying for an amendment to Vthe cd Constitution. -- The suffrage was for each State to regulateancl if::oi5e' State could be captured for woman's iifl rage others would follow and eventually all would come into line. Man and woman should be together in altHitngs.. ThnlaTrd"kmaleere ments were found in all nature and they were bo designed by the Creator in the beginning 'andLredcemed and exalted men and women " were to have dominion together for all the ages of eternity. national ter . ' ' HON. GEORGE Q. CANNON . rih ay ingen teredWbui 1 ." address the meeting. He said: I take great interest in every question that effects men and women.I aewaysJjclieved-that-ifLjiiexe--shou- ld be any qualifications for suffrage, sex riot enter.T Voraeushou ld ha vethe to vote equal with men. I have seen right, very many ignorant men exercise the right of ""iuflrage when they knew as - little about the - questions involved as an animal, and at the game time intelligent women were deprived of : ihbbld, eat injustice. irthat:rigbfcl:think:this issues times. The of the the one of js a-gr- Pro-bibitio- n question of intemperance, to whom does it ap: peal most strongly, who" is most interested? The woman, naturally. It has a deeper interest for ' woman than any one else. Woman's voice in this and other affairs would doubtless' lo not think have amoSt ncelbt-.e2Ct,.,- J that because a woman was allowed to vote "she would necessarily be called intoservico in ilie army or navy. There are those who argue this way, but T think this is begging the question. I believe that there are offices that woman coulcUill, and many that she would not want to' fill." For do not imagine that a woman -- would make a good constable to arrest men, or a therifT. to h an z men.- - I believe t he right of ! ; . nave never seen any enecia in connection with woman suffrage to deplore, d TJie speaker referred to the good work by able women for.their sex and to the voluntary defense of the people of Utah by He .iBeveraLnptablelad ies in Washington. closed by saying: Ipray God to bless you - in Do not allow division - or this; miovemeafe. to all jealousy to arise in youf micjst, but show that you unitedly for the ad; J vanceiuent of 'a" great cause. of this country. 1 per-forme- - are.-kborin- t g MRS. NELLIE WEBBER. s, . - csietl e to d i u gas-re'oj- ii lady formed throughout the Territory, who may perbasIready supplied- six ;fuUy-iualifithe of country. chance adopt our preseuVby-laws- , I will say doctors for the northern part that after having worked under themfor three-monthAmong the literary women who favor we find that they need amending. This, ti ii are Grace Greenwood, Klla was under consideration at our last executive - " : (Josif1Marietta Holley Wilcox, session, and we hope soon to complete and pub Rose Terry Cooke, Kate Field, lish an amenjletliinTffDTerfecttr Rebecca Harding Davis. -- In placing our initiation fee at 25 cents we-- and were laboring under a misunderstanding as to Governor Hovey, of Indiana, re the amount rer member to be paid to the of W i llametta nroved hat :HowHve-learn-tin national association, MelichMinhie- - Young, M inuio .Mobley and 25 is its of fee it ' stead being 25 per cent of our Anna Gilgour as Notaries Public for the town oe n t s per member, and - as n ow; ; of Colu m bus, Ind. stands our treasury is empty of funds. " But to increase the fee now would be an injustice to rGalesburg, Ill:7the Coupcil meeting was b?endecTded""ld" so it'has members, incomingattended by women, ministers and' teachers of allow the. present charge for membership to re- - the nublic schools. Petitions were presented . maiiiioihe enAMiboearwhen the fee will bvKnoxLandXombard Ojlleges, and speeches - were maue women be increased. z: : uiw vuuuiu nut Dy urging ' - Associ a t i o r.s- - willing JtoJbeco ra e au xi ia ry to .'to -- r .liceflseggrani'dramshop us can do so upon application and payment of " 10 cents for each member enrolled by them. The first annual meeting of the Association forthe-AdvancemFor tli c government of our meetings and execz.of Household Science have-adoptutive-sessions' "Roberts we ed was held in the Chapel of Parduo Univer- Rules of Order" aud recommend them lo all si ty, La Fayette, Indiana, on the evenings of - new organizations; Ladies' should take an interest in this matter Association is to consider advanced methods of ' side politiand aid us to place woman side-bhousekeeping and the improvement of the ' " cally withber husband and brother. Our home. - the rpresenf meeting an Opwho have portunity will be offered to all ladies Associanot yet joined ; the Woman Suffrage tion of Uah,toenroll their names with the At the closeef - " the.-matte- r, - zr . T- 1 - ent y - fatbereontended that scntatipn" was a wrong, and if it were so a hundred years ago, it is no less so iod ay. There are many women in this Territoiy who pay v.i.a3pes and yet have no voice in the selection of public officers tFrVTuh whoJe hands this money 1 TOelirio Liverraore, William Lloyd Garrison, J ulia Ward Howe, Lucy Stone, Henry B. Black-we- ll and others for the incorporation of the Massachusetts Woman Suffrage Association, LcgislaV satisfied that when women., rw-a-r iriii itteti is disbursed.--1-athe. ruleav of hold the" franchise universally we shall not only ture, Mav l, under a suspension have better administration of public affairs, moved by Mr. ilcCall of Winchester. ji but greater economy in all public expenditures; Women are taught that their highest duty and I therefore urge upon the ladies to come is to marry and bear children, yet laws are -- forward at onere and enroll their names in the i me fram ed to pu nisli--i u J fi U men cr'eat cause for which we are struggling. A vote of thanks was given to the speakers The minister of railways in Belgium has just issued an edict that all married women who snd children-ar- e grown call cf the Secretary; to be published in the are mbthetirvtnif iheir the their shall in posts telegraph up, resign papers. Several ad ies' ca me forward and en. service.Woman's Standard. rolled their names a3 members. The movement is worthy the support of the women of Utah Miss A. A. Crisp, a "professional nurse, in and we hope to hear of branch associations all of a hospital in New Zealand,iand: who: 7 over the Territory. t11. charge had received royal decorations for , her service in South Africa, Egypt and Turkey, wa3 married recently to one of the doctors of the NOTES AND N EWS. and wore as her wedding' costume the uniform of her profession. Nineteen nurses: The Queen of Greece is a clever painter. also in uniform were her bridesmaids. Mrs. Elizabeth Cadv. Stanton will spend the The New England Women's Press AssociaN. Y. r summerJat tion held a business meeting last W ednesday at Julia Ward Howe's 70th birthday will be the Parker- - House, in Boston, the president, Mrs. Sallie Joy White, in the chair. Mw. M. celebrated May, 27, in Boston. Elizabeth Green, editor of the Quincy (Mass.) Mrs. Olive Wright, of Colorado, has patented Patriot, and Miss Louise Imogen Guiney, were and water hard renders which soft, a filter, elected members. A "high tea" will be served stove. kitchen on used be any may" to members and friends at the Parker : House jO.hts m ts-f- -a-cr -- 1 " ho-pita- l, secretary. , ' Fully believing that "in union is strength, we liave associated ourselves with the National Woman's Suffrage Association, so that we may The Womarf& Xews'xsvLOvr published in its at the next meeting. more efiectively Jrasecute the aim and end we own officerprintedn It i0ate to menliontli t of Wnf foiled airdlllherivorktlone by women. -- haVc in viewfMmclj worthy ehould not be forgotten, that it was a woman and placing ner upon a nigner pmuu and 'Mr3. Laura De lnQtabfelgatherjng of: wonxenjwhich took place Mrs. Clara B. To; be occubies nUtiVolI fhnh-sh- e Force Gordon are in Washington". Territory, in New York in March, when, sixty delegates come an auxiliary of 'the national association . f woman work for each. suffrage. 25 representing variousjwomen's clubs throu ghout cents at fee of a to we are required pay the country, responded to the invitation of For the first fifty enrolled members we are The Pennsylvania Senate has voted an A'Sorosis" to meet with it and form a Confederato tHreeletejinU 810,000 to t t" tion oYoml members ail additional deleti6rial twenty-Bv- e Sewall spoke on the occasion, of the National. be tfs large ss gate. Our enrollment should Press Woman's On April 25, the There is something Council of Women. Vxr,L.;K1fl KnneA wo nnt nnl V want to shuW ' to lignificantialherir oar eastern sisters that we are m re.u ni(- -t --Harrison. : li!JCd! alt Jtjdraw closer together, through nrl hfTvfi"the cause of woman's p jive.vmen, ' work:'raifdsmthrnloh vancement at heartlut it gives us greau x As : The Wvmcrfs Penny Paper, of London, has witnin. unions unions, a concentrated yet ever fluence in the councils of the national aicia-tion- , begun the1 publication of a serial story' by widening circle of circles, which cm scarcely' at the last meeting of which wo had two Mabel Collins, dealing with a mother's right to fail a strong bulwark of civilization, and delegates to represent us, and I am pleased to her child, and entitled "A Mothers freedom:, at the same time moving onward, like a solid say that our cause was most ably and satis. withstand.-Woman's T wo b u n d r o d gi r s a r e n o w be in g ed uca ted phalanx, which fewobsticles can factor ny presented. AW. For Ihe benefit of the associations now being in the medical schools of India, and JIadras - ; to-da- v. . .en-tjtl- ed lZJl Associa-ionfAVrMngkn)a- 7" - i . :" 1 id UHepecitIrj co-operat- to-b- e -- 1 : -- ; 