WOMAN'S EXPONENT. GO when she came home was bo bewildered, she could not have told whether the drcsiesshe had been measured for, were green, purple, red or blue. The Eummer vacation came and Mrs. Hathaway did not keep Hepsie waiting Iong,but a day or two after school closed she made her appear- . tl Axr - fr,r flip tnnrpPT. J jiuiuuumu j were emotions her pent-uPoor little Hepsie, too much for her, and instead of kissing and embracing her mother in the regular way she lainieu m ner arms, n was iuno ewuc, uui both.the ladies jvere .undemonstrative' and jso the affair was passed over with but little com meut. Hepsie went to bed early after the ex; citement, as they were to start in good, time the following morning; and indeed m the Key. Erasmus Grovesner's house, every, one kept ' good hours. Hepsie was told daily, that "Early to bed and early to, rise," was a habit that must be cultivated, anclshe knew well it waa a regular custom in New England homes: put some way ic uia noi suit ner, sue was erratic in ner nauiw ana tastes,ana was very unwilling BUIC Kills v- p for her guidance It would scarcely do to tell hrmra Kffrr inHr?nnr offor imsfrl being sent up to bed, during the time she wa3 under the careful scrutiny of Mrs. G., but hnw then fihft suffice to say, she seldom went to bed without an hour or two oi rehearsal either in reading or reciting, one was also given to scribbling, and child as she was. she had already-writt- en "verses;" though they were securely hidden away in her trunk and she felt too sensitive to submit them to the eye of any one, not even Mrs. Grovesner, and as tor her own mother, she stood too much in awe of her, even to think of doing such a thine. ' The two friends so long separated had much to say to each other that night for many events had transpired since they last met, but the conversation ..soon turned upon Hepsie - and -- was as it were analyzed beforehand, but with all their they did not discern the realities that fairly crowded upon her witmn a very iew years. i no morning was a i air one, anu wnenTthe lumbering; old stage drove up, Hepsie felt a great sob rise in her throat almost choking her: she could not speak to her dear friend; a pre-- . Eeaumeunuat sue was parting irom ner ior- ever came over her, and she went out of the quaint, old house silent as. death. The bye's were hurried, for the coachman was im patient and they were soon on their way. They passed through some charming scenery, andlyillagafter village.each one prettier than 3, d ntripr nnr? no Afra W mna fnm;i:, ,:u the places, she gave Hepsie interesting descrip fhi tions, bo ine time passed swmiy away. .Night was coming on ana Mrs. li. told Hepsie they uuuiu Dwjr tit a ujcuus uuuse in u. as sue aia not like "putting up at a tavern." It happened that the house where they spent tne nigni, was another ot those ones, just to Hepsie's liking; and tired as she was she took notice of the quaint, odd furniture and crockery ' ware, and it was all engraven upon her memory. It was her first "out," for the other journey had been to school and she was in too much sorrow then at the loss of her grandpa.to appreciate either scenery or architecture. Hepsie was elated a the idea of traveling, and seeing fresh sights; there had been so much sameness in her school life, and she had such passionate longiags for "the far away or ths The next day they, arrived at their destination and found all in readiness for their com-in;It wasandnot a bitiike what Hepsie had she was sorely disappointed anticipated, over it, but when she had rested a and her mother took her to" the seashore,little, she was enchanted; her joy knew no bounds, her spirits ' old-fashion- far-off.- " g. i were so exuberant that she was scarcely able to control her emotions; and when she saw the ladies and gentlemen day after day promenad-iDglei3urel- y great new world, they planted colonies amid " shore. New England's difficulties on Some of New England s sons, among them my grandfather, the same progressive, spirit, pressed their way onward through what was then the western is now proudly termed the Em- wilds, Pierce-Granger.impelled- by- along conthey couU keep so quiet and self tained, a The ocean had a peculiar effect upon her; .the could not have described it, but.it was. like pireDtate. ' awakened uncertain made their and fathers poetic a fascination or a spell, As, the pioneer in forth called been had never emotions that and many times perilous way, they thoughtschool-life- ; been the had in fact it her regular fully and carefully marked the trees that their of-hto tutors and friends, keep track might be followed. I am told that after, special aim ; here was an expression or a thorough log cabin had been constructed, my her "sympathy with her" emotional" nature. The erandfather, after the fashion" of mother Eve, murmur of the sobbing sea answered to some left the home of rest and plenty, to follow her tender chord that quivered" in her soul, and earthly lord through the dark shadowed woodthe yibration was - electrical in its eflect. land. Hills, rock3 and rivers obstructed the Sauntering on the beach iu the twilight she often felt that in the uncertain future the ferocious beasts added terror to the journey, as made its laborious way by ocean would in some way, she could not comthe slow her with be associated the sunlight. But the darker picture is the prehend now, acfrom and so indeed it proved. K6t The weary oxen must be unyoked any night scene. wood-showas she for from the . sledge, and as the quaintance formed there, however, " inthe if "affairs of heart still too young for darkness gathers around and .the gloom been her not had -- deed hermother tries 4.0 regulate daily escort,, deepens, wish-inf- r men of little but there wa3 heart. The wolves young the beatings of her aeritated danger tJ to show the slightest preference, while the in begin to howl, the woman the anguish of her girld' mothers were on the alert. However the loneliness, and with a sensefot the perilous consea shore is said to be the very place tor love- - dition, prays that the God of love and power, making and it does indeed seem Iraught with will protect her and hers. The howling wolves all the sublimely tender and sympathetic in seem to be continually increasing in numbers thp. nature and in the heart of humanity. and to come nearer and more near, none but Hensie however had love affairs, serious ones the pioneers realize the tedious lingering hours and therefore the- - of such experiences, cor too. at a verv tender ace: w yet the heartfelt in, ' who ks thin this very. reader, ascends as the daylight ap-perchance sense of praise that patient ' cuuuic pears.- tame anu prosy win uuu c iuug, The pioneer women of Phelps, trusting in means uninteresting. God, and such skill asthe untutored Aborig-inieTo be continued. could-afformet the responsibilities of made motherhood and it possible that you and V I might have existence in these earthly taberPHELPS CENTENNIAL. nacles. The record of such heroism is preserved in the archives of heaven. The true pioneer BI)RES3-BY-M- K S.M KIMBALL; OP ALT wowah has an intuitive sense of the future, and LAKE CITY, UTAH. she uncomplainingly endures such hardships, as her pathway may privations and Kindred Friends and Fellow , Citizens. bring to her. She says, "Let the result of my of posleri'fy, with hearts throbbing with sympathy, to honor and to thee, father and mother, God, be the the memory of our ancestors, the pioneers of glory given." Phelps, and the deienders ot our national nag. "In'the heavens are parents single, v tread thii, to m e, sacred soil, 1 gaze in : As the makes reason No, stare, thought retrospect on scenes of childhood. I see mv Truth is reason, truth eternal, Elisha Granger, he leans Tells me I've a mother there." upuu nia mailt jjuweu wiiu mc weigai oiuiany Of the memorial monument, precious, be years of earthly pilgrimage. He died in tWb home of my grandfather, Pierce Granger. cause of the affection which prompted its erec j. rememoer in& nome witn ltsiargeitcnen tion. The pioneers take special note, and the , bewith back-loc- r and and account will be found on the credit side of the fore the fire suspended a revolving sparerib of great ledger. savory smell. I remember the crane with its Ihe picture presented by the errand proces which on were teathe hooks, sion 13 sublime and awe SjShaed hung inspiring jitjiiiw auu iron poi, auu on ine coaia, in tne As the hearts ot the children are this dav and skillet turned lovingly to the parents, so the hearts of spacious chimney corner bake-kettl- e were preparing Ihek cntributiahsor table the parents are lovingly turned to the children, supplies. Of the persons present, T only rein their spirit bodies they are present with us, member the face of my Wgrandfather. M v. last and the smile of their J approbation gladens our remembrance of him is, in a log school house, hearts. in Sodus, worshiping at-- - the cross of Christ, The remembrance of this centennial celebra and trying to lead sinners to repentance. tion, its greetings and reminiscences will be re than Earlier. an event z. my day, iranspired of called by us, and the report will be remem-- . which I am requested to speak. "Nature's fornps. oered by our children for ages.to come. God's voice is ever prompting progressive souls We can best honor the memorv of our to march iorward and occupy new fields which pioneer progenitors, by exploring and "Opening lead on to physical, moral, intellectual and further fields of andfeng. diligent - spiritualhieyementiOnfc progressive' step ifflbencultivatiori thereofV -- i Let us ever remember that oiir eternal in Adam, after the garden was nrenared and terests are identified with those that have gone beautified, sent a dispatch for ve, she came, oeiore, and that they cannot be made perfect and amid .sorrow .and gladness they, planted, without us, neither: can we ; be madp norfr.t their posterity on earth's virgin soil. without them. In closinor. we bless the mpmorv "The brlnches ran over the wall " Onr of our pioneer fathers and mothers.and ask the forefathers in frail barks traversed the mifrhtv . citizens ot beloved Phelos ta crmfxA foremothera did accomnot deep, and if pur thanks. . x 11 i . - .i to them pauy mem, iney ionowea, to thi3, June 17, 1889. to-wh- er under-control- -- ox-tea- m life-history- ;" d -- QJ w V -- ai d, ! self-denial- "pilgrrma2--Tedowir'"tO"Jthroo- s, d j t T great-grandfathe- r,- , fire-plac- e, fore-stick- . r. i uess, -- . an.-pnt- 1" - - 