0 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 20 FOLKb. sisterly ' Editor B. WELLS, OLD LINES DEDICATED TO THE them in a hearts. She listened and spoke to. manner that aroused in all present a Woman's Exponent. EMMEUSE , invited the party to visit all the private apartments, the conand when they left sent, them through ' servatories.'' In Salt Lake City, Utah. Terra Published &0 cts. : one copy one year, !jc S, one copy six months mail, delivered by 'clubs. papers City for made reduction -- ' The dawa of life's morn, has long passed away assembled To theTrui;htfnored, veterans to rise, Their sun is fast setting, in splendor In a far brighter land amid sunnierskies. to-da- . y; When Mrs. Hayes visited Utah with her and summer, are bow with the past, also was Their springtime the across continence in bis trip ' thera fast;- Both autumn and The women.. Mormon to ; v very kind and courteous n eiira jur bi0 And the lonely still hours of liiVsclpsing day, who wenttoOgden number Each gauare, ten lines or nonpareu the of writer was one Should surely be brightened with a kind, loving ray. A liberal discount .iJL n. wr be were we - month. S3.00. while Presidential "to fc."vj party, pact? ujic iiiiit, meet the while they are here, and Farmington Mrs.Hayes-sent- . O, then let lis bless themr 1 N. --25 K.. South Temple Street.Jsecond tween Kaysville other sphere; a.m - and invited the ladies of the party to visit herm oi they have passed to the gate cai Deseret News the-Q- .yot they've bothe thetrtirdeii aud heat of the day, ty. to &p.HU every dMj.?IlrJin,-?n?-4ier own car; and we-a- ll rode with her to turned grey. Ia the conflict of Ufe, their locks have Address all business communications to She looked the very picture of elegant simplicity. V PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, She was presented while here with a homemade silk labored and toUed, in this once barren place, r. They've Utah." rememLa a salt he City. lace fichu as a souvenier of her visit, and Builtcities a'd towns that our valleys now grace; j attention the Mormon women of her and made it to bloom They've conquered the Desert, as brance from and " noble a Entered at the rout Office in Salt Lake City, Utah, ; As Nature's sweet garden, in richest perfume. to them in Washington. She was Mailer. Second Ga$$ and charming generous woman, kindly in feeling when the billows rolled shall We They've stem'd the swift tides, Tn she captivated all hearts. manner, high July i, 1889, and we Salt Lake City, always cherish her memory tenderly crushed other barges in weakness, to die, That and bereaved .the with family, L deeply sympathize Their path has been strewn with the briar and thorn, can as consolation such HAYES. only find W. W. LUCY trust they may -That leave sad traces of what they have borne. we if sorrows our all heals who One come from to the end, announced : They've travel'd life V journey, almost Ohio, A" telegram" fronrFrcemont,: bring them to Him. Let us crieiheiriie.haxls as they slowly ascend, the deaituof Mrs. Hayes, wife of AAnd bid Ihe kind Angel tawatch them with care, t? tk Haves on the 2C, of June, The lady died And tenderly guard, each silvery hair. OGDEN. IN of illness FOLKS an after OLD the in six morning at half past For lonely 'twould be, were we sadly, bereft caused by paralysis, ueceaseu wab three daj We Of the dear OLH ToLKS, and none of them left HThe Old Folks excursion went trxOgde bor'ChnrictherOMo Webb To guide and direct, jthe jwaVring. youth, June 25, celebrating their annual cus torn. was the youngest child of Dr. James In the pathway of virtue, ofjove, and of truth. Lester Park, where all had and Maria Cook; her grandfather, Judge Isaac Their destination vas never once slight," np'revlouarranged by the ; committee, Cook, came from Conn., in 1781, and her great O, treat them with kindnesSj-anWar. who always take the greatest pains to make all TbeiJrentle tones. whispering. "do what is right.,, dfTthTrllbl . . e ..o b .1 Their words, we'll remember in some future day, these "nice old folks co'mfortabieand have a good Her father served in me war 01 ion. and really the old seem When, one by one, they have all passed away. MUt Webb was married to R. B. Hayes, Dec. time. No pains is spared with. each year the .rebftUvmbile -v&53i.. During thewar of were about seven hundred from Salt Lake ft The same path, traveled by the hoary head,, her husband was serving n the army, her home There And then shall we feel December's, cold breath, and Davis. Counties, and something near as was a refuge for the wounded, sick and furloughed from Weber, Box Elder, Cache, and As we hasten towards the portals of death. soldiers going" to or' returning from the front, many more " Summit Counties. .. enent two winters, in camp with her husband uMay4hey who have parted with- life's dearest friend, to see so an many interesting; sight Itis"qulte And are left with God only, on whom to depend, and the ' rum sne Ogden at aged people together, people joined Find solace and comfort, in each lonely hour, where he was badly wounded, The. Brass much also a and time reception. them Ogden royal spent For the most brilliant sunbeams follow "the shower, gave Middleton, Maryland, Band was, on the streets when they arrived and at the hospital near Frederick City. And may heaven bless the deat agedjmesa ..them hearty. f. well known clcomejjralfoJIis. White Houser.itis gave. Of her life at the i$ofIffaugSers, and His loyal sonsi m carriages-an- d buggies conveyed were her herself by cordiality And lengthen their days until life has no charm, that she distinguished and there was the from everything depot, Park Then bear them home safely, to rest from all harm. and amiability of manner. She was highly comwith filled and tables good things in A. C. order; long mended by temperance people, during her four in all were readiness, and the White House,, for never decorated with flowers years sojourn at white waited in upon these the table. This fact alone, young girls clothed A REMEMBRANCE. allowing wine upon Plain brass The band old City people shows what her strength of character must have happv"also on hand, and played stirring music. My Dear Sister Wells: was ; r in carrying out her purpose in succeed to been, as of ever has it pleasantly, Everything passed oDoosition to the custom .of society, and the LUngeHrrtWrbeautifallacefte and Committee the must feel on these occasions, is done, to thank you for sending me Nov., "White House table. the task of etiquette work. their with ratified lst7T8887oT the"ExP0NENT, I appreciate not only in Washington-i- n thewinter of When re Tt Is a beautiful custom thus to honor the vet kind and considyour candid outspoken reference in relation to 1879, Mrs. Hayes was specially them feel make and are they erans annually, the book "Reminicenses of the Latter-da- y sisSaints," erate, and tender in her feelings toward our are ot on them these forsaken. not Many jubilant referred to during our transit from Provo to Salt ters, and free from prejudice on our question. excursions giving expression' to their gratitude Lake,but I appjiatejveryuch LljnesllwTitten on The writer was one of. a committee of three to forlheivilegeUhusenerou Trials and happiness," by E. B. W, As well as xalHipoftrPfe'sidenMiayesr-irombeaticra- at wese lcauviues. irie give lucuny those written by O. F. Whitney to his friend Woman Suffrage Convention, and- .rpresent the as with ate folks their delighted just ---, Hebey theyfTnd- - an echo in the soul and will be "Resolutions of the Sufirage Association. Mrs,- - Anu lucyiit-,- them and he. smiled as placed among my choice secelections. more for show than use arA- verv-oft- . uvjr j My enjoyment was marred at the Provo Conshe read he was reproached for his neglect in said by the witty are There things funny many or social ference by being called out to attend to some failing to menton the political, civil, ones, and the committee e njoy the jokes and special business and then again to take the Train. 'rights heartily. Oh the changes years have wrought, the this part of the interview was repartee After Howevlinn any Ifatihf1 7 over, we succeeded ijSecuring ananpoints: "is enjoyablefand trauses irylemTrfe'flecUdns" have been called hence leave a fearful vacuum. to pass through Itlwas-th- en Among" thenumber, Ma Smoot, Sister Emily dent on the Mormon question, its adds The. Exponent congratulations, and Smoot, Sister Ruia Holden,Sister Margaret Cluff, he brought his"wiiTind introduced her to the wishes-fo- ri them rpne and all a pleasant and SisteTJanejGe party,-Jdrsir yet the various institutions and societies of which thewriter" and "vili"remembe asshedoer the" "peace itiTvoyageo and a glorious heritage herethey were active members, move on in the handspleasant manner in which "the greatest lady of 'days upon earth, of other faithful ones, who have been called to fill she mani-- - after, with an abundant entrance into the kingdom the land" greeted usndtKeT-interes- t I fested in the matter we came to present; Miss of our Father, whose pity and care is over all, their places. Sister John with her Counselors M. E. Daniels and Sister Emily G. Cluff, now repreGrundy, the writer of society articles for the and who will not let a sparrow fall without his Washington papers at that time (since deceased) notice. God bless the old folks forever, and sent the Presidency of Utah. County, Sister Caroline Daniels, the faithful Secretary. Eleven says "Mrs. Hayes heard the Mormon wives with long live the Old Folks' Committee to devise such earnest years have passed since she was appointed, hav- ways and means for their enjoyment each year. hus-ban- semi-monthl- d winter,-approachin- - ty- ---- -' iO - . - -- -; . 7 , Ex-Preside- nt niF - d - towkmWt foMmon - -- : to-th- e ' we-we- - ,p-y- -- rVA-Spenceife- ad V, -- k"" : -J :- en -- " n. - .. na- '. - - a-f- ew t i -- . :iympathj-toompletelyn';thtir- -- - : 