I Vol. SALT LAKE CITY, UrAH, SEPTEMBER 15, 1889. 18. CONTENTS. Hepnzioan A" story." Women TlJruggiStSiti Buffalo: ' Notes and News; Picfaic ia ttie Woods' Aunt Em. . .Editorial. Notice of Conference. Relief Society Con ference . Justice tp th e People. Editorial, Notes, Half a Century; Eighteenth Ward .Seminary .7' Self Government. Mary E. L. NefT. Good Advice. Miss Mary Anderson.' "The Autorcrat at Eighty." Mrs". Humphrey Ward.The Oregonian. R. S. Reports.: Their Ages.Wm J. Bok. Kossuth Growing Old. : Miscellaneous. ; Poetry. My Baby! H. The. Kings Flower. Augusta Joyce Crocheron. Thank God. Lula. That Lullaby. Woodina. The Baby on Her - . - - Arm. Mrs. E. L. Ballard In Memoriam. Obituary.' this flower, then, LZZKoflf seems dear to you? . thought more of making love, than of grammar "And those who cannot buy a plant And dare not ask for one, Can go &nd breathe its perfume sweet Out in the warm bright snn, For in long beds inside the fence .: That guards the royal grounds, And in sweet patches o'er the lawns 7"" ' ; This sweet green plant abounds. "There rich and poor alike may reach And pluck at certain hour. These fragrant sprays. He loves them so, We call them 'the Kjng's flower.'" "Now tell me if you know this one So modest, small and bluei"'' Again she smiled: "Oh all the world, I think knows this one too;" MY BABY. Loose the little, clinging garments, Smooth the curly, golden hair. Wrap the soft, long gown around you " " "Kneel to say the" evening prayer," "I don't'know what you call it he're She said as her eyes met me, My Baby. - "But Sweetly kiss each waiting loved one Bid a happy fond good night; In your little bed so cozey , " Softly slumber 'til the light. My Baby. . . May the angels guard you darling, Bring you sweet and happy dreams, That the night may be as cheering, As the morning's bright sunbeams, My Baby. Oh how bright seems all around you -- Even in the darkened room, For your sweet and happy nature Is like sunshine after gloom, - doubt if maiden blooming bright And decked with love's own care; ": A brighter smile of happiness Upon her life could wear. She placed both plant and flowers within . Safe place from sun or shower, Whisp'ring as though to some loved child: "Mine own, Mine King's own flower!" Smile at the country teams and folk But I shall ne'er forget The lover's own 'forget me not' And the King's Mignionette. And when I see that wagon pass There comes oer me again , A dream of romance, royal grace, And she queen of the train. - -- H. . t Augusta Joyce Crocheron. THE KING'S FLOWER. Bountiful, August, 'Sg, One early morn, from country fields The market gardeners came With red ripe melons, '"roasting ears" And fruits with cheeks aflame, And one great wagon stopped, while spoke The good wife at my gate, "Will you have something ma'am today, The things are all first rate?" ' HEPHZIBAH. VIL In youth's sweet Spring time, ,0, how grand and true, think I will; but wduld you like handful of my flowers? I'll gather chiefly buds, they'll bloom At home in a few hours." . O, thank you! " Then she looked around As though she something sought, And then knelt down beside a plant ' Herear nest gaze had sought. " ' - - - 1 1 1 , 1 Kutrw-x-Buou- iu a I.I 1 1 never ee ner xieanafi everyjonalbatJ tet my heart on dies: mv dear old grandpahe was a man among men not at all like the Rer. Mr. Groveener!" "I am rdnd vam have a standard of excellence to look up to in manKina, nut you have only spoken ot two men auu iu yum vuimuiiuuB 01 mem 13 ait rr(cui and the other all bad, that will not do. the u l. flo-flT- 1 1 , t a imve moru goou man fcvu in tueir natures. How strange it seem3 that you" should set up a . .1 1 '. . 1 standard at your age ior ministers to live up to. They are the ones to teach us the way of life and salvation," Was the mother s reply. While Mrs. H. was at the seaside with her "Mrs. Grovsener used to say to her husband little daughter, she tried to make a study of the that he preached too much about eternal pun- disposition and temperament of the child, and ishment, and too little about heaven; 0 I've her maternal love for the little one deepened heard them" discussing the sermons over and more and more, as she carefully- - watchedher over again.' she wanted him to tell' thn nennW" day byday and found her exceptionally bright about.love, the. love ot God, and of the blessed and knowing. She took counsel with herself in bavior; but he always wanted to have "strong the matter, and considered it well, for she saw doctrine to give to poor sinners on the feabbatS plainly that an ordinary education would not day" so he said, "I tell you mother she knew as much about the Bible as he did, and a satisfy the intense longing, that Hepsie manigreat fested for something beyond what seemed to be; deal more about love, she .often told me. how quite sufficient for her young companions. The dearly her father loved her, and what a good mother learned from Hepsie herself in a sort of man, and true Christian he was; 'not at ail desultory way, (for she would not have thought like my husband," she would say, and then "it" proper totell her she had such -- wonderful explain aftcr-"thideas of confidence and friendship) that the than most men. He was a minister too, now ' , "I A . The aspirations of a fresh young heart;' And the bright vision, fancy.'opes to view, Strange forecasts of the future life impart. it 1 .. - My Baby. She clasped her' hands just like a child That finds some joyous thing, And in her smile and native tongue Strange gladness seemed to spring; Then while I watched in silence, she Looked up tears in hf eyes "I smelled it and I've found it here Ah me, such glad surprise!" j d, I ; - Oh my owb, sweet little darling. May angels gifts to thee impart, ThaUyour life with joys laden -Joys return to mother's heart, in my land so far away We call it, "don't forget me!' ' "Ohr gather all you wish my friend,-An- see these small plants, too, That spring in plenty from the seed, I'll take thern up for you,'' .... beyond her years, the feared lest she miVht Vp- the plots and schemes 'school ibesGguMy girls, thought daring and She romantic. "scarcely saw her way clear to remove her either, for there had been a sort ''of understanding when Ilensie leit the nafsnna.ro. that she should return to attend the same school the ensuing y ear. bometimea late opens the wav when all nnr planning "seems of no avail, and so it proved in this matter which to Mrs. Ilathaway was a very cciiuua uue. vjrrovseiKT Wa3 111, the news came in a letter from home while they were still at the seashore: 'the niinktpf nn in despair;' much as Mrs. II. dreaded the effect of the news upon Hepsie. she felt it was nhsn- luteljrher-diity-t- o tell her, all she had learned anout jyjrs. urovscner s condition. She did not manifest the least sorrow herelf, taking pains to conceal her agitation; but Hepdie to her utter astonishment recieved the message as though own: it " beforehand: after a f.w moments of- thoughtfulness, she said as though taming to herself, "that ends my life at the dear . 01a parsonage; and immediately in a burst of emotion her tears falling fast she eiarn1n'fr between her sobs "I knew she couldn't pndn lt:tnnr.n Inntrer hp. hva lr i lrrl : ha ,K then as though a new thought had arlpn ah remembered the minister's utterdpnpnrrpnPrt uponhk wife, and turning to her mother she almost screamed in her excitement, "who'll MM. Kflln.llim .rullh Vila 5lm r.I congreiration will find out how it was ho preach such sermons: 0,- 1 knew it was because a woman gave him her thoughts and polished every sentence with her beautiful sentiments; women do most of the polishing in this wnrhl don't they?" "It is scarcely proper for a little child to judge .one like him vou do not knnw all," replied the mother, "besides Mrs. O rnvps. ner is not dead, only ill. and mav soon reonvnr let ua hope so at least." "Iut she will die I T . n .. ICQmQjavolyfid.in-fcoiiie-o- f " -- My I3aby. mlgnioneue at BChoolrwerc meditating matrimony, and -- An3 neither rare or new.' "Yes, lady, but in mine own land This flower's loved by all, "Tt grows in windows small. and low ""And round fine houses tall; ' . ' it is the fragrarit - '."'7. " older girls who had been IlepbiVs classmates "And do you love -- No. 8. ' -- -- at - 