4 7 :woman's exponent; 130 thus express herself: "I can esteem, I can be public. Many have died, who have been betin ter their day and generation, and more caa friend, but don t know whether I can love. -not ".Expect all that pable perchance of nobkj deeds, yet o complacent and easy, but the moral coorae and the stamina-tit come "never what is fond;'rnme.,rHeT-"Eiil)au(lforwa rd.and brave. letitute - as- lierself nf romaritic the world heaps upon those who enter the arena rentiment.-H- e was a diplomatist, distinguished of public life; ' himself in Parliament, and was the intimate ... friend of Addison. . 'Lady Montague accompanied her husband The da:k unfathomed caves of ocean bear: in 1710 to tire court of Constantinople, whither 7ull many a flower is born to blush lie wen t n ? a m h n g ?ad or and d u ri r sojoo rn And waste its sweetness' frn the desert air."-- i-- -- search" would, verily believe, be the best possible way to ensure the worst. possible results, In quantity both in quan tity and quality. "other of because the pressure occupations is of n ltselt a spur laieuecmui nmiviiY q muen so that it has "come to be almost a proverb that the busiest men have always the most time to." because removal from ipare. And in quality, of the work-- day the world distorts a man's judgement and narrows i N .... - . "rough-aLd-tumbl- . . mr-eer-i. ng-he- Bitter taunts and withering sarcasms are alrpost invariably aimed at women who step "as id e from" t h e co mm o u p be a t e n t rae k o every-d- ay life. Opprobrious epithets, the severest criticisms and actual persecutions have, in many instances, been literally heaped upon the envied possessors of genius or talent who have launched forth unheralded into the worloTof -- herfrien A - On the other 603. iHvi 1 -- -- o following Tear, - 1 762. Her great-grandson- , published complete edition j)f her writings in 1830, under the title of "Letters and Works of Lady Mary Wortley In recalling to raind the subject of eminent Montague." women of the past, and linking therewith some This celebrated lady is said to. have been a n Lord-Wharncliff- t.' rBames-ell- IreSEed' easM I 'believe they are sometimes contused in the mind, as they have both given- to the. world a series of letters, and not remembered as two, but one. Lady Mary Wortley Montague was the first woman lontague knowrr asa litiero fettr, and al though sbe wras' fto t born a Montague, is known only :;bytntt''.nfimaaiji::Wtiter. - She was the daughter of Evelyn Pierrepont, Duke of Kingston, and was born at Tboresby, Nottinghamshire, in the year 1090, and is said to have been a very "clever and beautifu ""chlFdShe received a, liberal education, but being eager for a more thorough knowledge, she taught herself the elements of Latin, and became well versed in the Greek, and Latin languages. She was of a sportive temperament and brilliant and lively imagination, which i3 noticeable through her "famous cor- ; responded ce She wa3 an exquisite dancer, and .intone lQ&tar2lette& j&6 Jeay: VI taught the Viennese - some new country dauces, they only knowing half a. dozen, which they had been practicing oyer and over agaiu, during a 1 " -- periodof some fifty years.'' -- 1 She cohsidereddt "as scandalous for a woman not io know how to use her nee lie, as it was for a man not to know how to use a sword." She was quite distinguished for vivacity, wit, love of anecdote and. "large general energy." She disliked sorrow, and maintained that sor row for the dead is the vainest form of feeling. Yet she carried through all her literary pro-- . ductions a firm thread of sound' common sense. TrTr-- ' She wa3 married at twenty-twto Edward Wortley Montague, grandson of the first Earl of Sandwich. It is said of her that she was insensible to tenderness, her heart cold, Jifelesa and unimpressionable. "She held romantic Bentimentalitv in contempt." In one of her letters addressed to her intended husband, she o keetFie literary productions are spoken of as well- polished mirrois, wherein might be discerned the social condition of England in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries, respectively. This lady was proud rather than vain, and --pn4e4rsn-iir-8oc4alT-ad literary distinction. She was not what would be styled "popular." It has been said that "it is doubtful about her ever being loved and respected She was at one time, elected a "toast" by the Kitcat Club, an association of 1 iterary peplewhose-friendshipvenjoyed, one who has written of her, "It 13 an 1 yet very problematical if she ever actually secured what Aristotle styles a friend "for virtue's sake." Let us be lenient to Lady Mary's faults, remembering the peculiarity time, and the sensuality that .marked the reign of Charles II. Here is an extract from" one of her poems. It reveals a true picture of woman's estimate at that period, even bygone own sex. for. herself." -- he of-he- of-he- r r - "While thirst o( praise and vain desire of fame, " In every age is every woman's aim; : With courtship: pleased, of silly titles prbudr .'"'." Fond of a train, and happy in a crowd." ; " - " - ': . Aunt Em. WHY BUSY MEN WHITE THE BEST v If literature-i- ris-tot- le t- " Andf to skip now to our own time, who is the first of living English scientists ? Why, Professor Huxley, who has also been one of the busiest of men. Sir John Lubbock is another man who has combined high general culture with original scientific research; and he is a politician with hobbies, and a financier with ideas ! No better work has been done in the domain of pure JiteratureQuring this generation than that which Matthew Arnold did . in the intervals of his daily tasks and common rounds as a school inspector. His namesake, Sir Edwin Arnold, who finds time to go out of foreign literature, is a into the Mr. William Morris, workinor iournalist. ... ." it ..i tnougn in nis verse tne iaie singer of an of empty day," is in his life the busy spender full days indeed. The omission of the greater poets of jhe list is not so inuch an exception day from to the rule as it looks. For the spontaneity, which is the essence pf greats poetry, makes-th- e pressure of any other spur unnecessary. So again Darwin, who was a man of independent means, is almost the exception that proves the rule, for his devotion to scientific research was altogether exceptional. And as for the evil effects of a purely literary avocation, the open "secret of Carlyle's life ," is that be pined for political employment Pa Mall Gazette by-wa- ys . 1 1 " te BOOKS. you want good work done in science, or art, orliterature, you must euddw people, it is said; with the means of giving their whole-tim- e to it.y There is a certain a priori plausibility about the demand which often persuades an unthinking mind of its truth. But as a matter of fact it is opposed to the lessons of experience, and even to the laws of human nature. Indeed, the "Endowment of Re s ir to-b- - Or makes a feast, more certainly invites ! his His judges than friends; there's not a guest But will find something wanting, or of J J60 - A 9 ke?!l-did not clamor, like our modern University dons, e relieved of the "drudg-eryof teaching; but rather found, like so many of the Great Grerman Professors, their best stimulus in their disciples Bacon(who, even if he did not write Shakespeare, wrote quite, enough on his own account) wa3" busier than bustling LordHalsbury. Cicero was a political barrister. Grote was a" London banker. Mill, like Charles Lamb, wa3 a clerk in' the East India House a form bf "slavery" in no way consistent either with the depths of philosThe ophy or the sparkle of belles4tttre& Greek tragedians were proud no doubt of their' iambics, but eves prouder of their generalship. Shakespeare was a stage manager, and Goethe a Geheimrath. nEven in the domain of the the fine, arts, who had greatest masters have not been those most else to do besides painting. Gertaiu it is that Leonardo thought far more of hisskillas a civil engineer than of his grace as a designer that "the painter Rubens amused himself as Ambassador," and that the Prince of goldsmiths, Benvenuto Cellinvspentaa muck time in fighting and traveling as in beating gold or her-son- j - i PaJtjIl-5and Plato . the-fearf- ul hand,- the history of-the- .. nee-eonnf-ete- mankind-at-lar- ge full of examples which show the bracing other work and the broadening effects literature, or sought-t- a nmintaii3Ttlr strciigth-.-olire-tt- n t hh er reu ms ta f character and firinnes of purpose," their, lite in Constantinople, which has caused her to original views and opinions in, the tace of opbe remembered with gratitude by all classes of position. Jealousy and unprincipled ambition people.T15Fe learned from the villagers of the ! for honor, or success, even at the expense .of practice of inoculation for the small pox, and others V downfall, sometimes points with performed the operation herselLupon , malice the of arrows hate' and by this means, and through her influence p jisoned winged and scornjvhich hurled at the innocent and inoculation was introduced into the West of e wound in though--thsecret, unsuspecting terribly Europe. "lAlter Lady Mary's return t6 Engbrave hearts quail not, nor betray any outland, she) resided at Twickenham, where she ward who she He live or can "formed n intimacy with the celebrated poet, fgn ofagonyT above these trials, or pass unscathe through Pope." Sometime after, the friendship was such ordeals, surely deserve this meed of praise, broken of, and ''the poet was ignoble enough for they are the heroes of a series, of life's to write satires against her talents and reputathattles,-hard be endured and difficult indeed, to ion,"- which he afterwards denied. odds of ignorance; 4a run against In .1739 she went to Venice, on account of and envy superstition. her failing health, where she lived twenty-twyears, then returning to England, died in the "He that writes, f that - d 1 so al ways, feels some, .deserved contempt for the 'armchair"- writer. surreptitious edition of these letters wits published in 170.3. jThey were so well received as : (ft pas tihmug li severaLiss ues a nd io be Jrahs-'lateinto many languages. A genuine edition of these and her other works was published" under the authority of her son, the Marquis of Bute, in a e" -- his- visioiiso-much therewrote anjiiteresting description oOhat wonderful cityj in .letter 3 we9 Miss Catharine T- - Simonds, of Boston has been a teacher .for. fifty consecutive years all but two of them in the Franklin School. The Indian Princess, Winnemucca, who attended Welltsley College, and ha3(rl.t? stories under thf nom de plume of "Bngnt school. Eyes," is now teaching an Indian . 