'I 172. WOMAN'S EXPONENT. WOM AN'S Expo NEN'J - EMMEUAE-B- .- It. Edi is- - the privilege.of the sister.whoaxe-fait- h ful in the discharge of . their duties,:and have their endowments and blessings in the house re-cei- sJrongbodies -- WELLSr them to keep the MWord of Wisdom," and Jto be ailThintrs: avoidmc all evil habifs and pernicious; practises, that they may Jiave ved -- ;ofthe-Lordi ..follows obedience to this commandment. the little ones, in times of sickness, in meekLet us be careful to : speak with wisdom before ness and humility, ever being careful to ask in . in Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms: y Published our little one copy one year, 52.00; one copy six months, $1.00. Ten and slang ones, avoiding the name of Jesus, and to give God the glory.' ' copies for the price of nine. and cultivate the higher attributes of phrases, "Do not find fault with the Providences of God Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil our nature, that will tend to elevate, refine and it will not better- - Our- - condition andj)iily-makeA liberal discount ipace, one time, 82.50; per month, 3.00. puni-the horn hearVand makeHhe Ahe centre of rouT burdens ' r to regular ad vcrtisers. buFather be attraction, vhereLthespiritof Jove, peace: and patient through all the trialsrofliferahd soealc" Exponent offlce.iNo. 25 E., South Temple Strect.econd gate cast of Deseret News Office. Business hours from 10 unity will Jwell, and hat sweet charity that .not against the Lord's.anointed. . , " to 8 p.m. every dayy except Sunday. thinketh no eyir wiUveter abjdejlthal w.e.m.ighT 'T" "7"' It is our duty to be and tofoster ' rrz. Address all business communications tarrrrrtrrrzzr: always be possessed of that heavenly principle jind encourage home industries, and Jiome manuWOMAN'S EXPONENT, . PUBLISHER embodied in the song ''Nay speak no ill." J: factures, and patronize those institutions that have Salt Lake City. Uta.il We should take the utmost pains to teach the been established for the best interests of Zion; - children of Zion-to-b- e honest, virtuous, upright the stores; and be careful not to use Entered at the Post Office in Salt Lake City, Utah, as in alllheirduties and e j punctual the means-w" have been blessed with7to"buiTd un Second XXmrIatter. r, .,.tnous and keep the Sabbath day holy; not to be those, who are seekingo destroy and overthrow rigid or too severe, but as far as, possible make all the work of God, and to plant discord, strife and Salt Lake City, April 15, 1889. duties pleasurable. Mothers should never speak jdissension in our midst. a; word" detrimental to "the father's best interest The silk culture is one of the branches of home fiefore the children, for they are close' observers. V FIRST GENERAL CONFERENCE OF THE Sow industry, that demands our earnest attention. I seeds in their young and tender minds, good have never yet doubted, but, that it would eventRELIEF SOCIETY. N and always prefer principle to policy, thus vou will ually become a fruitful source of revenue to this, . lay in heaven. t treasnres up The first general conference of the Relief Socountry. Jn the first sermon that I heard Brigham' Our sisters who have been called to preside in in held was the Salt Lake Assembly Hall ciety Young preach in this valley, he remarked "there a atase capacity, over; several branches of the is silk in these elements," and I have heard a Besides4 Saturday evening: April 6th. 1880. Relief Society, should plead for wisdom from about-fifteevarious-Stake-s silk-wa- sthe representatives of the above to direct their, efforts, that "the greatest best fibred silk, they had ever seen." Sisters do" the following ladies were upon the stand. Prest. -. --m.' possioie good ay-bp accomplished They Zina D. H. Young; Counselors Jane S. Richards not be discouraged in any of the duties we have visit snouia each branch the at Stake societyjn .and Bathsheba undertaken to perform I am aware we have many once a year, and oftener if circumstances Kimball, Emmeline B. Wells, Romania B. Pratt, responsiDiiitiesrestmg4ipon-usrand-also-realize;-will permit. Where sisterscan"do so, it would "be and Presendia L. Kimball. President Zina D. that we all haye great need to be diligent and desirable and we think profitable, to visit each H. Young presiding; prayerful . The Deseret Hospital is one of the insticongregation sang other's and become organizations it acquainted; tutions that needs to be sustained,in order that we "O, My Father Thou that dwellest," prayer will tend to union and confiharmony, promote by Presinda L. Kimball; singing "Praise to the may have a place where the sick and Ithe afflicted and the to- dence, chords that us bind strengthen man who communed with Jehovah." ..." our people, may go when it is necessary, for there is more difference in our manner among Prest. Zina.,Young saidTTdy sisters,lupon this gether, and receive the medical and surgical care, nursing ot speech, than in the motives of our hearts. : and occasion I hope you will give me your faith and attention suited to their condition ; and where the President-o- f the society cannot be pre- If I As look the sisters around me. I prayers. upon they can have the x semi-monthl- y, fault-findin- - g, - to-b- ear; l a-- m . self-sustainin- , g,- -- ve " ;rilso-to-ie4a4- " ' us - ' ' - n -nu- mber-of-silk-w,eavers-sayrUtah - - , , Eldejj 9 7 such occasions was with us. In the providence of the Lord she was taken from us. She mingles with those above ; we revere her memory. As this is our first meeting of this kind I hope we can unite our hearts as one that the Lord will bless us in so coming together. May everything be agree' able that takes place here this evening." Romania B. Pratt, the assistant secretary, then read the totals of the general statistical reports, and the names of the Stake presidents of the Relief Society. On account of existing circumstances Prest. Zina Young had written what she wished to. say, and it haying been approved by Prest. Woodruff, Mrs. Weilsjhen read the paper. ' PRESIDENT ZINA D. H. YOUNG. The Relief Society, under whose auspices we have met together here to receive instruction, and advice in our several duties, was "first organized nearly half a century ago, by the Prophet Joseph Smith; after the pattern of the Holy Priesthood, and under its direction, to dis pense temporal blessings to the poor and needy : and lo give encouragement to the weak, and restrain theerring ones, and for the better development, and exercise of woman's sympathies, and charities, that she might have opportunity to attain spiritual strength, and power for the accomplishment of greater good in the work of the re' demption of the human family. We should be diligent in all the duties of as mothers and wives, and as members ot th Church, remembering to atend the meetings of the Saints, including our Fast-da- y meetings, and pay : willing offerings to the poor, and our dona-tion- s to the Temple; and with whatever belongs, especially to the mothers, observe the law of Tithing that the blessing, promised may follow and that the little children may be taught this important nrinciDle hvci.nmni. r,,i aA.,A : .u I path of duty, which is the path of safety. Teach to-nig- 1 .' v her counselors attends to take charge of the meeting, for the success of an organization depends very rnuch upon the efficiency and promptitude of its officers. When a vote is required one of the Counselors should make the motion, and after i has received a second, the President'shonld present the motion, and call for the vote. President Joseph bmith s instructions to the Relief Society were, that the meetings' should be conducted in a : ' '" parliamentary manner. President Young, in great wisdom we believe", established the custom of holding quarterly conferences, for the more perfect unity of interest in the Keiiet Society, and President Woodiuff advises, us to continue in, this respect as we have sbeen doing in the past. We should also keep correct minutes iof our meetings, that we may have a complete record, and then with little very to4he General " Conference. . will ..not neglect or ... I trust the sisters grow weary in the duty required of them in storing up wheal. If it needs changing to preserve it", the Presidency advise, in the case of loaning ib the .giving of written security, by the Bishop :fbr the -- frlHamoimr allow for- shrinkage, that the loan may be a safe business transaction, and that all interested may be satisfied. t When Relief Society Confr . - : LheldhesidBcfiheke oc iuiuipeu or tne timerand invited to attend the meetings,, that harmony and union iUWU,u may exist, , and strength and encouragement beT given to the diligent sisters, and that others seeing their good works, might be. induced to come to meeting, and enjoy the same good spirit and feeling, that pervades the hearts of those who meet often one with another, to be instructed in irn to ouuesnd gain spiritual strength ahd wisdom for-- the. ya;rious: ylcisgitudies ol life;. - mihister priesthood. We should not forget, or neglect our duty to this charitable institution ; keep up your monthly donations for the Societjyandcontnue to be members of. the Association, and remember "he that giveth to the poor lendeth to the Lord and He will repay." We should use our influence, too for the establishment and maintenance of educational institu tions, in which our children and young people, may be taught the true principles of Ihe everlasting Gospel ; and discourage any tendency to outside influences, calculated to lead them into doubt or unbelief. jvri: all things possible, let us endeavor to cultivate 5our home talent and stimulate our sisters to read, and to write, that they may be intelligent wives and mothers; read good books, especially the Bible, Book of Mormon and ..Doctrine and is at the we have where the voice present, only paper of woman is sent forth especially, to instruct us in our duties, and encourage the brave and determined ones to persevere in the midst of difficulties; and also to give expression to the views and opinions of the women, of Zion on subjects of vital ' importance. And we recommend that the sisters subscribe , for It, and read itf that they may upon the condition, growth and progress of the various organizations of the women in "Zion, and elsewhere; and become familiar with the ' . CQvenantST-Fhe-ExFONE- NT, -posted Efforts -- heinnuf - .:.- fn,t4-i;f- llirtne.r. advancement of. W 1 ULlllllUt: . and-o- f ind; the changes made from ttme to time in the direc tion ot progress. Sisters, let us be; as one trrand uhalarlf and stand for the right; let us be humble and firm, honor truth, and be valiant in sustaining it, not but y in ail things. Have presuming Ave not shouldered the cross of the world's scorn, and braved its anathema with more valor, thatf the warrior the cannon's fury ? Death with jiim, :.. and.,;th?n all isverbut; we ndure-to-Hvetrust-worth- ; -e- 