Y WOMAN'S I said 1 thought it had, for I supposed I belonged excitement of any kind. Besides to the Apostolic Church'but it did not have the,' I told her we had no .need of his goldeii bible. gifts and graces wbich characterized that Church. We had the Savior's teachings, did we want any He then said, "whoever shall add to thelwords roore than this to qualify us to jcorae, into His jorproph presence from the plagues." Yes I know this to be St, John4 She told me he (Mr. Blakesley) preached that time: the old bible, I would not object to hear'it; Well Vision. The bible. was not compiled at our Thh vision was a separate book, and be, whoever said I, can he do that better than Mr. should be minister here in Utica.- Finally I was persuaded said he saw 'any, more or less, to him he should to go and hear for myself, remembering King added the plagues: but he was told 1 kindred tongues prophecy before many Solomons words. t(He who; "judges a motto, withand people. "Well said he you are young and will . . out hearing it is a fool." back. I He was showing that a new era or dispensation see the error of your ways and; come mnsi'ectishinV as he was expected to visit a sick upon,- thgorid Tanar : Vas -- 'b'egtrinicopefi I saw person. He had no time to investigate. were required to be very particular in observing to look at the our LordandlSayjfllls teaching while here, before. plainly he could not be persuaded at some future He suffered death upon the cross, ... I could find subject, yet felt to pray he might lose hls salary.-:.-!-waJjrogiiffffe PQ (aulrwith this f aYwe Jail believedthlsBu not willing to throw away, so much of the bible as did we realy delieve it? Did we believe those he did.- - Accordingly I still clung to this gospel words of Jesus, the gifts and graces which from characterized the church- should be to you, and hoping to gain more light and intelligence the Lord the fountain of light, and be a fit temple for the your children afar off, even as many, as And it will surely our God shall call. Oh no! We believe they indwelling of GodV holy Spirit. be given. to the earnest rseeker, were given to establish the church and then taken M. E. Kimball. away.becausOhey were no longer needed. But does the bible say this? No: It says they were given for the perfecting IN- MEMORIAM. of the Saints, the work of the ministry, the edify-1n- r nf the' rhurch until all came in the unity of Eliza Jerusha Gibbs Fox wife of Elder Jesse the faitfi. He also showed that after the death of W. Fox, who died June 26, twenty minutes to our Savior and also all His apostles excepting ro. at the family residence in the Four-Te- e the apostle John, a. vision was given, him injyhich three hp. nt rWard:irHE5XiWwornMay 8, 183 17 another angel with the everlasting gospel saw he ' at Benson, Rutland County, Vermont. She beto deliver to those who dwell upon the earth. to the famous Carter family who figured We also : learn from this strange people that longed, so conspiciously in the early history of the many ancient prophecies are already fulfilled and Church, being a sister of "Gideon Carter, who the remainder wilf be before the second coming was killed in the battle of Crooked river in the of Jesus to earth. We read from our old bible ;? and of John Carter who the words of one of the ancient sayings. 'The rMissouii persecutionsfall a victim to the cholera in to Lord will do nothing but .He will reveal his. was the first one of which he was a member." Her secret to His servants the prophets. How was it Zion's Camp, mother was a convert to the Mormon faith in a when, Elijah was caught up to heaven' without dajr; in Vermont, 'Shortly after the .. tasting death. .You remember, that he jold Eiisba yery,i-earljChurch was organized m the State ot New York to tarry here for the Lord has sent me to Jericho. to Kirtland in 1834, But Elisha saidas the Lord liveth, and as thy and' removed with her family" her little Eliza afterwards Mrs Fox being then soul liveth I will not leave thee." So they went to old. Mrs. Gibbs was a widow Jericho. And the sors of the prophets that were onlv three vears a short time before Eliza at Jericho came forth to Elisha and said knowest her husband having died was born. Deceased was brought up in the thou that the Lxard will take away thy master from with the Saints in their driv- I participating hold know Church, he said And hand to it, yea day. thy : n1 nrtpriitinni:: liavlntr livpf! ye your peace this was-doagainat -- Bethel. ot the blessings But Elisha would not tarry but went with him. in Kirtland, Ohio and partaken Saints when she was And -- again- thrsons of the prophets asked if he there vouch safed to the removed with the people to knew that the Lord would take away his master only a child, also Missouri and thus shared in the hardships and from his hand. His reply was the same, saying in the drivings from there to Illinois, the City of hold your peace. 2nd Kings 2nd chap. the exodus from Here we see. this great event was known to the Nauvoo leaving there during that place with the,Jody of the people. prophets: and not only this but many others. While camped on the banks of the Missouri After hearing these sermons and some others the River in 1849, Miss Eliza Gibbs was married to bible seemed to me like a new book, and more inTesse W. Fox, and ever since that time they have teresting than any other I had read. I soon became thoroughly convinced that our Savior's toptheTsliaredrosTjerity; or adversity according to the circumstances of tee baints. commands were the only ones for us to revere: wife, Mrs. Fox was a genuine and He only gave two; The first was to love the to minister to Lord with all your , might mind and strength, and mother and friend. Always ready of others and exception-all- v surely the Ancient prophets did this, to obtain the needs add sufferings devoted To her own family. She possessed a the great rewards of knowledge of God's works asd though she suffered great among the children of men on the earth. They J cheerful disposition afflicted physically during" must Decome nt tempies lor me inaweamg 01 oainTanTwas greatly His holy spirit that they may know Him as He is, several vears past, her courage, and endurance : and leam HisJways.zif f ;kept:Jierifmmurmiin ng or repiningand she al 4 I soon became anxious to visit our Episcopal ways had a smile and a kind word lor all.en -ufrfour-childrMfsTFoxhasbeen minister RevrrM rrProli of U ticaT" I"wasquite sure.he would be delighted to investigate these one son and three daughters, two of her daughters an cTth e re helRd'lterif-lah- d i went in company with 'ITWMVetoW ra pnhHples, "acbordi was no doubt a joyful meeting when her spirit left Miss" Ruth "Reese; He met "us kindly and invited us to take a chair, saying, so you are going to, run its mortal tabernacle. Her demise was unlooked "she had forbears been away and leave us, no not run away, I replied. I for at the time, though feeble, but her death was sweet and peaceful as came to see you first. .Well said he you must "Whether there be prophecies they though falling into a quiet slumber. Her husmust fail and tongues shall cease;" but he did not band .and family however. were greatly shocked add the next sentence in the same verse. I added .as they were fondly attached to her, and the blow-fell suddenly. The funeral was conducted at the it for him. ''And knowledge will vanish away," was t 37 EXPONENT home at three o'clock p. m. June 28th and was numerously attended. . The greatest respect was shown to. the. deceased. and. the family and the., speakers on the occasion made the most consoling remarks to.the living and in praise of the good character and good works of the one just departed. We deeply sympathise with the bereaved husband and family aUhotigh wefeei assured that their loss here is her everlasting gain. with her dear ones who She has been had gone before, and they rejoice in ach other's free-fro- m -- T-rpU - -- -- " re-unit- ed ' W '" J - ., , Chivalry! women half beaten to death, And the punishment well say "a week" or a fine; When scandals as foul as the devil's own breath, Crowd Society papers in every line. Chivalry! yes! with onr streets thronged by girls . Forced by chivalrous man to starvation or shame, ' " Learn what women are paid! how, swine trample God's - . pearls! oh! And change your standard in womanhood's name. - - Chivalry! yes! bmt 'mid.iron and steam, It is justice we want on our history's page -- e The chivahous days are a long And the once sturdy oak is worm-eate- n " dream, with age bye-gon- I"I7r Z. - - - .. - There are knights evxrTnow; brave knights loyal and true, Sound their praise; ay, and sound with unfaltering note; The glove of the fairest is justly their due. Kiss their swords, for they wield them to give us 'a vote. Will they love us the less? will they learn to despise ..... The hands they have strengthened? athousand times No! ,Tis in strength, not in weakness, true reverence lies, Day breaks on the hill tops the torches burn low. . 1 ' Chivalry! yes! fb- the rich and the fair, To those who command it by tongue and by pen; But the helpless, the plain, or the poor, oh! beware fnen!' How you trust that mere vision of latter-da- y -- -- LL.::.: .. JUSTICE VS. CHIVALRY; - . ,H King. - . . are not lost; they are within the door . That "shuts out loss, and every hurtful thing With angels brigbViid Ided ones gone before, In their Redeemer s presence evermore, And. God," Himself their Lord and "Judge and - VThey s- . ' companionship. English Woman's Review, Warner " 7 June Snoad. 15, 1889. r- ne true-hearte- PRIMARY DAY. June 1, 1889, a lovely morning, the Primary children of East Bountiful; met at the Tabernacle, with their little baskets to celebrate the birthday of Brigham Young. The children formed in a line and marched to the bench under the shade of sorue fine trees, after the children were seated, the meetibg was opened with prayer by Sister Easthope. Sister Lucie ThurgQO(Lthen addressed the children and told them the reason why we met Spoke of the great and noble deeds performed by V : 1 this man of God. the to children, Sister Dustin then spoke. be to connected well and felt said she happy, with the Primary, and wished we could all visit therave off the Tiropherof the Lord." Sister Easthone then epoke to 'the children. Carlos Call recited,4-Wheboy sare meu.'Vethen saDg - T to-da- d : , the-motb- n er : er. ' 4 chiljj ren then .had some games. iaJLhkh they enjoyed themselves very much, and also in y'e then dismissed gathefiug wild flowerR. and the asseinoly "with'prayer by Carloa-Cal- l, aLd after fe the Relief Society Hall; xeturned asking a blessing upon the food4 it wag partaken of with a good relish. -- In the afternoon we had a dancing party for the little folks, and all enjoyed themselves. At the close, oraDges were given to the children and all left with gmiling faces. Luella Stoker, Secretary, . 