171 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. WOMEN CANNOT GONERN . a poem with as much assurance as they would evenings, or repeat over and over in the pen-- . ask a mechanic to- - planea board, but in the give.1 summer twilights 4Velhink-ofJieiLa- : one case the carpenter would expect his wages, lovely In its proudest sense, gentle, amiable nuercaa mo paei is expected lo give msjseryices a lady and courteous to all, sometimes look upon it' as a com- - in every respect, always becomingly dressed, gratis, and . x . t . 1 i rri .l: juiuaeui to oe mviiea to write, mese are the and neat in appearance, dainty, even; fond of who have not the least idea what posi- - .children and inclined to be devotional, almost people : .1 V j j mere without fault at all, and blind to the failings is in Demg a writer. I've uruugery The author, or the correspondent, is expected of others. Her home exquisite in all it3 arto write when all others are out for pleasure; rangements; her husband, if she be so fortunatethere is is as to possess - on e, ral way spr ou d'--a hd-- h a ppy rit an endless round, and if he positively refuses. Kow let us consider the poet3 , tt'e have met, or tne writers we nave Known. Amoog mum are wuy meu ae is looKeu upon as unobliging. And why. shouldn't women govern ? history furnishes examples '. Of illustrious- - female-ruler- s. Any.schoolboy'il give you samples, 'There are Thomyris and Dido, Down Time's corridors so musty With Semiramis And their names are-no- t yet dusty I . i . -- " - When was .England's.. glory, greater, When her record e'er more splendid r m. m t "uooa nan wnen i yueen Bess ' was "boss" there, betore her gladlybended Noble warriors, statesmen, poets Names immortal in Westminster . When, earth's mightiest,' William Shakespeare, Was the subject of a spinster ? . -: EHerirjailted. :,hereTjd;.ther(rbecaushe3YTitcs those sort of affairs up, until he gets the impression - that he is never asked on his own account, but simply because he has the faculty of writing in a pleasant style. Probably the poetis expected - to Mary Norton Bradford. . . do more work vithout muneration than any other person.. IMPROMPTU-LINE&.- - INSCRIBED TO THE OCCASION OF THEIR GOLDEN WEDDING. Out on the brink 6f long years we pause, To echoing tread of distant day." Thrilled with mysterious subtle cause, No human wisdom can eer gainsay , imagination among tne soit, wnue, ueecy ciouus, . Bright golden hours that swiftly flew, Time's precious jewelsTrecklesslytrowin Rejoicings, greetings, and sad adieus, Visions of beauty, and hopes Jbrlorn I ... , We'll trust Infinite wisdom alone, .. To read the record of years aright, Thus far this merciful care is shown. d to Thro' morning noon-tid- e, s. ng. " j ... the-poetse- es . night. gray-haire- hus-ban- Now o'er ttme's chasm on FANCY'S wing, ? We roam again youth's fields of delight, In bud and blossom of life's early spring, - -In "rapturous love our pledges plight , day-drea- The years roll back like a mbty dream , The pleasures of youth are ours once more. We muse again: on the same sweet theme, -- . Greet the same faces we loved of yore. ms n Blissful existence mem'ry doth hold, . Firm health and courage.youth's strength and stay She gives us backinTneasure fall told r ' Voices, kind greetings, music's sweet lay. As light breaks o'er the fallen snow, . ' Cheering late travelers on their way, So MEMORY, with her lamp aglow, Gilds .over the pathway of decay, ' ,- excessive-plainnes- Opportunities slighted, "improved, Burdens long carried, or work undone, Varying changes of ill.oraod. . e alousy, and yet they are only commonplace to look at, xhymesijl-CQ and "I'm sure if I could write I wouldn't rethen sometimes ugly in face arid feturer-bu- t fused These are only one or two of the we onlv gei the outward, the beautv is within. numerous comments made about poets. and only makes itself manifest ByXpul'Stirring look into we take a But suppose one of these 8entencest so delightfully arranged, that al- dens of the poets, ordinary poets, not Tennyson tnougn written in a garreiHan aiuc, a umy or Whittier, who have arrived at the dignity; kitchen, or a dingy basement, they light up a of a 'I mansion,, whose star of fortune ha3 risen thousand homes, and make gladness in human to the highest point in the horizon and is hearts enough to compensate for lack of beauty .' appear in form, or feature. Few lady writers have been beautiful, even clusters of stars less brilliantthat- reflect the one of in y ontb -m any- - passin gly,l so,, but- - to excel in, leading, guiding star;-n- ot light these, but some one just trying to earn a bare loveliness only a very few; of those who have subsistence by the use. of the pen. Gifted ho lived recently we can think or some Who were ' The story noteci'fortheir maTl)e7but wilhMt lortune fluential patronage to give him prestige. We coes that a lady who was much given to scrib- are apt to think of the poet writing .pastoral blimr and whose powers were the admiration of pieces in the midst of sunny fields, where flocks all the country round, and whose husband . graze and sleek cattle teed among the clover withal was very proud oi her, was one day-stoutly reproved by him for neglecting the streams oi crystal waters bubble near, and. little ones, who were very noisy and trouble year old, lay in merry birds warble their sweetest notes in the some. While baby, not yet aone boy had spilt groves hard by. All this is very pretty, but the cradle crying for mamma, tad itin imagination oaVrmostJikeJy tJheJnk,. slapped-l- ui wnue ine raoiuer bat broken the window, while he sits by his midnight lamp and pries . . . . an11 01 over musty old papers and books. writing on and on, as it unconscious d Let us take a peep at a poet s work, in an surroundingspat last the irate parent and appeared upon the scene, and in dicta attic or a basement, one whose mind soars aloft into the aerial realms of fancy, and who roams torial terms protested, tossing up her papers at will through the elysian fields that gild his. and exciting her angry passions; finally, womshe -- began to cry, and refused to be and make3 him seem above the an-like, "common herd, g in one corner is a cnest or comforted, but amid her sobs, she managed to Tmished a trunk half-opeperhaps; you see part of a make him understand, she had just or the wardrobe; rolls of manuscri pt and letters tied touching little; poem on domestic felicity, pleasures of home. Suffice it to say lie was with cords of "every color, or scraps of faded ribbon, a bureau with the drawers all half-- convinced against his wilL that she appreciated and in disorder, two or three tables piled her home when he perused the poem, and never ooen - . ; for she won .i with papers m tne direst conmsion lmagiuauie, afterwards was known to rebel, be-- 1 but on one corner, a tea tray with soiled nap- - him over to her way of thinking, and all cause she was a genius. But joking asjde, to kins, cup and saucer, part of a loaf of bread, have the desire, the longing to write, the intense a piece of cheese, and if we might be per mitted to tell it, a raw onion, and oftener still a fascination, to be able to skim through the weave a golden web of fine black bottle very significant in. appearance. clouds of fancy andwhich-eacone-- is like a spun threads, of- TtTiiTtFehighth"enll"th the streets and lanes are dark, and the stars jewel rauiamiy tei, is cuuitwiug uu uuo these samefanci. aveone-o- fkeep watch in the midnight sky the poet pens canxomprehend,f ful, poetical scribblers, who live in aworld oir his richest, most harmonious lays; or yie cor come down from and own respondent, no longer tormented and inter .their, werincreation, of only fa n cy, when they are the to g heights rupted by the calls 01 irienas anxious to maKe poet's hungry, cold or wretched. Such is the Jiis acquaintance, or some one desirous of a at it notice from his able pen, begins the work so "wirklhljprnorwter -to him. long delayed, and the cocks are crowing, and seem?" .... Em. Aunt the sun tinging the eastern sky with the splendor and- radiance of the new boin day, ere he lays down his pen and .finds rest in that JheLQovernor of Tennessee, on the 26th inst., dream-lanwhere his poetic fancy has been so e signed a bill making women eliHetoth he restless and wonder "No is fondly straying. office of ColihtySuperintendent- of EducauuuLa m anu uiiuu nervous, sensitive im uie, tion.; the to pitch of extreme highest stantly wrought "Mr. .'. : Has Zerelda G. Wallace says: sensibility. Inow we have taken a look at the man who Bellamy's new book, 'Looking Backward. 13 writes, let us lor a moment look in upon a the greatest book of its kind of the century, imagination almost lnvanamy and its effect upon the solution of the wage be as powerI pictures to the mind s eye,wnat the woman is and labor question will, believe, ful for good a3 was 'Uncle Tom's Cabin' upon who writes the kind or articles we love to read, as we sit by the cosy fireside in the winter the kindred question of human slavery." V. of-x- he Confi icti'and vi ct ones",IosTlF6m ' "0, the to : -- While o'er a chasm of five decades, Memory beckons with lamp aglow. But who can fathom, or who can guage, ""Histories hidden in depths below ? ; re- aiflejnejined.-,- ; wett,rhas i m able in their own LI a not and very j htSmes. How can they be, they are not think-- , ing of what to eat, or how to dress, or alas I of. the husband's wardrobe; and often when trieyrtry to darn his socks they arc flitting in somejirettyand -- MR. XND MRS.' WLLIAM S CLARK. ON sweet-mannere- d, -- . ? a -- . . - - .....A h: " " And from this oiuroJdei In humble tuth we will bide our time, Until called from earthly scenes away, Into life more perfect and sublime. L. M. HEWLINGS. -- but-vrh- Mach5th, 1889. --- ,: THE POETS WORKSHOlto: - The idea of a. poet suggests beauty : and poets reverie, and his imaginings, 2 until we create in our own minds an ideal picture of the poet and his surroundings. We think of him as seated with pencil in hand and in fiWftnt npnllnpfi. dashinsr off line rafter line of exquisite sentiment, or historic lore in rhyme, that will live long after he has passed away, without' any apparent effort, while he smile3 blandly and is at peace with all mankind. There ire persons who will ask one to write . d ' ' -- - ' ' poet-woma- n; - : 