WOMAN'S EXPONENT. slave, but when the rights of the Mormons are men are the victims of . assailed, or the red wrong, their harps are mute," their muses find utterance, their' 'poetic and patriotic souls jio fail to respond. Listen while Tquote to you. the burning' words of one of their living masters of the lyre. "For. mankind are one in spirit, and an impulse bears " along, Round the earth's electric circle the swift flash of right or v the chain, wrong; tobc frame,'" Through its shame; Tn the gush of- - Joy or .. the gain or loss of one race alt the rest have equal ; : V claim.'' theiJational Suffrages Convention at Washington, D. C, Delegate to ; -- , MRS. EMILY S. RICIIARKS. Is true Freedom but to break Woman's .Suffrage was iuaugarated by certain strong minded women, because they desired to hien"irFgovermental1 and the that mere desire of that class affairs,. of women to Vote is all that is now embraced in the subject. Such an idea is not only incorrect but unjust. The question of Womau's Suffrage, is outgnnrthHbragita-tion of Woman's rights, whichwas commenced in this "country more than fifty years ago7aiid which had been going on nearly a score of years,when Elizabeth Uady blanton startled her associates in the Seneca Falls Convention of 1848, with her memorable-resolution--in favo of the- - elective franchise for women. Ahd be upon the queswhile the issue now seems-ttion of suffrage, there i3 still lying behind it that grand idea the elevation 6j and the zijsurpjthe-prerogativto- "moral-responsib- equality of the sexes. Inorder-toclearly-undersland't- , -mu- This for the cause of the black man, the negro slave of the south. But I have heard no- noet- sm? thus eloouentlv - for the down- O trodden people of Utah, noribr the rights ;of the red man, oppressed and trampled on. Why is it? Is it because they foresaw that the freed negro would have a vote, and that the Indian would notf -- Ureat heaven: has it come to tms, that poets and patriots can only string their lyres and unsheathe their swords ior votesr to secure a party election? I marvel at their silence in these times. Again, why: is it that notable; women, champions of - liberty -- and standard-bearer- s of thought, can come into our midst and survev. unmoved and uncompassion j ate, the woes and sorrows of their Mormon sisters, left husbandless and unprotected by the exile or imprisonment of their companions, or thrown into dungeons themselves, ior ine sate of conscience, and the freedom to worship God in a land of religious liberty? How can a Julia Ward Howe and an fcmdy Jbaitniui, women whose names are written high on the scroll of fameiustifv their souls m coming here to see things for themsejves, but, instead of piercing beneath tne social crusi uuu iciuug wnat tney migni nave seeu auu ucaiu, giiu6 a hasty glance at the surface of things, believ- jug an me laies ium tucm uy enemies, and going away to repeat to the worm the Rtnlft RlHpTM'oT'IoCTlTalsifiers?" But I know to some extent what ought to be, " " J. - . entirely, with that which is. I know, that all men are the childreiof o the son3 and daughters of one common , 1 aren-tagand that we cannot prove our love for Him unless we love "each; other and labor zealnnsW nnrl Pvntpdlv for the general wel fare. MW find Rhppd the dav when justice will. be done to all, of every creed and clime, of every race, sex ana conaiwou; wucu and prejudice will melt away like mist before the morning sun, and the light of freedom, peace and righteousness universally prevail. dnpj? tint, flcrrpft e; -- "'sv -an- le . suffrage he ng-thei- movement as it now preseuts itself to uswe tsthe causes and the conditions remember of woinception, men which it sough t to change. We will - then desire it as a means, by see that which to obtain the civil and - political rights that belong well as men, rather than as a means of gratifying any st-bear-in-mind ' T o - n has W the-natu- ral 7 y Creato-F-had-niad-e freed? They are slaves who fear to speak -- For the fallen and the weak; They are slaves who will noT choose Hatred, scoffing, and abuse, m Rather than in silence shrink ; From the truth they needs must think; They are slaves who dare not be ' Inrtberigbt with: two or three if it Anti-Slaver- fibres, feels d ocean-sundere- An excellent speech was then made by the Fetters jtor our own dear sake, And, with leathern hearts, forget That we owe mankind a debt? No! true freedom is to share All the chains our brothers wear, And, with heart and hand, to be Earnest to make others free! ' - - reat-work-that-- Deeds to make the roused blood "rush Like red lava through your veins, For your sisters nw in chains, "Answer! are ye fit to be SfotHersofthe brave and freeT : - ' '. Ifyeliear, wiffiburnSrlftfiP" - ' ". " Women! who shall one day bear Sons to' breathe New England air. -- : Whether conscious or unconscious, yet humanity's vast "' I When iTvksrhs"pTain, Are ye not base slaves indeed, Slaves unworthy " ing agitation of the question of Woman's rights, and it, is claimed that the arbitrary exclusion ., of Lucretia Mott and her American colleagues from the "World's Convention' held at London in 1840, was the immediate cause for calling a "Woman's rights Convention" in America, and. the inaugaration ofthe . since-beeprosecuted here fox the emancipation of women. Lucretia Mott had already spoken in her na of her sex. She frankly admitted "all the differences that the in the relation of man disclaimed and Avoman" and any desire to dis- turb thisrelatioH,bu t she insisted that the civil, .: social and religious disabilities of woman were such as "to im ncHe-lie- r progress , enervate her minthind paralyse her po werst4lus preventing her from becoming a "true; woman" and a being."- - Angelina Grimke, Abby 'Kelly and others had enunciated similar v i e wr i it di fferen t pa rts of bu r n a t ion. To fully' appreciate and justify the striking' words of these noble womehrwelhust pause for : a moment and briefly consider a fewpf tha disabiIFties'to which our sex were then subject. An eminent legal author, writing on this sub- ot the common law, tsaysrJhat-the4heor- y which then prevailed withuegard to women. . was "a slavish one and a disgrace to any civilized nation;" that u with regard to political rights, women formed a positive exception to the - general doctrine , of equality," and that conli t ion , if "a ppl ied ..language descri bi to males, would be the exact definition of ' TehT'wfrdse b6asrTfTrtHat"ye Come ot fathers brave and free; If there breathe on earth a slave, Are ye truly free and brave? feel during the early part of the present century, seem to have had a potential miiuence m start- - . - If ye do not 183 r which-led-io-i- -- "the husband and wife one person, and that person the husband, while a legal act of any description" that woman was there-was4fsrce- ly competent to perform. -- lhis i indee4.streng its use. The Women of America who justified let or It6:day"ehjbyfitlie public life; although the latter has been hindrance of any one, to acquire, hold, and dispose of property, real and personal, without charged by many a3 the real motive for agitating the question. The facts do: not sustain this limit or restriction as to kind or value, can ' hardly realize the abject condition of their charge. d-privileges ras " - languagc-nuLtheJlact- S- " . sifters, who were disqualified by law from even holdinglhe legal titles Jo the homes Tin which" they dwelt, and whose entire estates, including the very clothes they wore and the food they, ate, belonged absolutely to their husbands, resold 'menVright3wnich.was.unauimously adopted by the Convention of 1848, gives a fair idea of the position of its adherents; "liesolvod, that oeing mvestea oy tne t Creator with the same capabilities and the same consciousness responsibility ior their exercise, it is demonstrably the right and duty of Woman, equally with Man, to promote every righteous cause by every righteous means, and especially in regard to the great subjects of her morals and religion, it is right to participate with her brother in teaching them both in private and in public, by writing, speaking, and by any instrumentalities proper to be used, and ip any assemblies proper to belield; aOTtEiTBeing" a self evident': truth, growing out Ol tne. umiieiy ixupiauieu principles of human nature, any custom or authority adverse to it, whether modern or wearing the hoary sanction of antiquityjs-t- o be regarded as a self evident falsehood and at al-iho- . , w y - " No fai r minded person could obi cct, either then or now, to the sentiments expressed in that resolution, but when Mrs. Stanton won for herself the honor of having initiated the movement for Woman's Suffrage, by presenting to the same convention her resolution on franchise, it usefLmuciLdiscus2ion and wa3.onlycarried: by a small minority, although only its senti ment, and not its terms, wa3 open to criticism. , i , It read as follows: is women the of the "Kesolved that it duty to themselves their secure to of thi3 country cicunc imuuuioc. sacretinguL ty-umovements that took place The c anti-Slaver- y itmighLMye3a8r weary toil of their own hands aniLheads. That women are fully capable of filling the positions of editors, reporters, lawyers, doctors, -merchants, clerks, cashiers, telegraph and telephone operators, typewriters, artists, musicians, printers, photograpHersTand scores of other like professions and callings, has been fully demonstrated by experience. Many instances are of record where they have shown equal skill with men, and greater endurance in the trying self-evidentl- war. with mankind!" ugh " dutieTwiiteraiT-an- d joarnatistiepursmtsraawell as in professional iife -- rhiswas-notably the case with women reporters during the last national political campaign. Many of them did more work than men, and that too without stimulants of any kind, while the men -- resorted to strong drinks and other stimulants to enable the strain of incessant work. them W'hen we think of the changes that have been wrought in the few short years since women were first admitted into the positions I h avea medpa iHtotherswh ich migh tiorjed, we are prone-t- o lose sight of the powerful agencies that have been at work, during all these years, breaking down the inexorable laws and customs of ages, which held woman in vtheir cruel grasj and prevented her from becoming, in all the walks of life, the intellectual, moral 4l and social companion of man. How often do we stop to think that thi3 is the noble work in which the advocates of Wo- to-endur- be-m- ... :i en- - , 