'WOMAN'S 66 another start Hepsie had a delicate lunch with- her, and she could not even 'swallow a little of that. gob was in her throat, notwithstanding all her mental -- resolves, and A-gre- at the-beautif- scenes ul on Her every side mother's friend did not say and she wa3 glad for her own thoughts were company. Late in the evening theyarrived and found the sister and husband waiting when the stage drove into town. Hannah took the child in her arms embracing her too fondly al most, for Hepsie was not accuitomeu to such caresses from crown people: and she scarcely knew if she liked it: so proper had been her " " ."""'".": ''f '''; ..mucn-to-the-chi- M. -- . training. " '7r " Evervthincr was new and strange, but this time instead of an old romantic hovse and fur -nishinga irwar altogether modern and stylish: The sister plied the child with questions about r home, and the village folks, talking on of home atiairs until the tired girl was hall asleep in bed; then kissing her softly she left the room. thinking to herself, what a sweet girl her little sister had crown and how she had improved sinca8he had seen her last. thinking rf the ordeal she must soon go through of enterin school again. Her timidity was painful, and she sunered much in her Ieeling3 that no one When Hepsie woke she . wa3 knew, or would have guessed, she seemed' eo composed outwardly. Hannah (or Mrs. Sever ance it was now) had promised to go with her to see Miss Andrews th? principal teacher, and make all neceary arrangements. "0, what a beautiful woman! so sweet-ma- n nered, and dignified, I'm sure I shall" love her JJlui teas jvel I as AJ wsJEl Hot t, though she was, a 'a mod amiable person (quoting Airs. Grovse-ner'- s words) but then I shall miss the club," said Hepsie, to her sister, after her first day at the new school. .. "And who is Aliss Elliott pray tell? You know Hepsie you've been aw ay- - from home so long that you inust explain, who Jhwe.pplft are 'you ''.talk so much about, its all Greek to me. Here you've been telling me about Aliss Fay, who boasted other brother at Yale, and M&lletJ inrrpon-tav- jeues clu. j. suuuiu imt iu kuuw soiueifliug more about your 'club, what was it? All those girls are to marry Ministers, Doctors, Lawyers, or Professors of some sort. You too I suppose entered into a compact did you? v "Well,yes,wedid,butthen,ril be tod far away now, to know what they do, of course they'll write to me sometimes, Jane and Lucy will I Miss Fay, why she can't write Jbiow: eventan essay by herself " i'on don't answer my questions little sister, now please tell me first, who is Aliss Elliot? I'll begin at the beginning." , "Aliss Elliott was the 'Preceptress at the and a perfect lady; very . High School ai AI wise you know, but she couldn't see everything that was going on there, with all her learning. She didn't dream that the girls were carrying .on flirtations under her very eyes, besides how could she understand it, she was an old maid!" "0, then old maids are not supposed to be wise in love matters, how is that?" "Airs. Grovsener said single women had 7 n o experience compared to one who married1 and had. a family, I don't think Aliss Eljiott had even been in lovehe waa always so quiet, and never betrayed any emotion whatever .happened in the. schoolroom. juune sisier, x m 5airaia your iaea3 are very fallaciousrespecially-aboutlove; thesegiddy ecbool-girl- s have filled your head with non . anaibr , self-possesse-d, sense. "It wasn't the girls who cave me mv im- - pressions, you know Hannah, I read all my grandmother's love letters, in the old garret, when I was a very little girl, she knew what real love was; and then besidea ' in her studies was panion, and her progress remarkable. Occasionally she received very T7Ti7 MrtlnVi rrrQf)- - as eno canea I tt.il ' mem etters from the"ciUD giri3 but they were full of their beaux, and Hepsie was too far off to have the same interest in their affairs as formerly. Her sister's husband ,. was and'in a musician, and Airs. 3Tk few friends, musicaLones, the winter evenings a minister's wife, and a minister's daughter too, she used to talk to me by the hour together." "'Not1' about love "I should think?" said - - V EXPONENT. -- 1 very iIannab,Mminister'a, wives generally-ar- e to do worK have and and they religious serious, that- - demands their they- haven't much left for lectures on love. "Airs. G. used to talk tame, Hannah in the -- vo e-and-cnergie3r fine-lung- " er, I . , , . , , inn NTrt nar hog rn thPJitrp.c. no nnhlm crn thpr was ana U she rest vu' his and taking snoring, " . anoweu. were -tor the iuiss An- lnrrs cins i i m orTTTir a Imiiv oniiTirr nr hti i r h whvh b "And pray what were you doing an tne time v7 in jms respect, as mucu ua n iucy i.vtu uxiuer were voii idle and she so industrious?" i 1 over tne hi , nn rnnt. Hhft t i rri7 I " - wfl?i1 tneir i escort .il una moiinnr a no nr itiV, UU) 1I mail " irmTririfr. Ol """"""fo' fir 'Iii' j.1 iMnn Mw R thnurthi it. a" inrOUgU lUC UUU3, vt xivujt uaius. ou iuu a magnificient she was talk- - I was musical i.in her tastes and hut tnmriimn when ,11 lf , ,ulu u u. eo.uciui w.uWw l inir, I used to let my work fall out of my hands "Dge.rto much beverances Airs, at Hepsies evening: nfei;,(,,l,pC;(M wqhV Wnino- nil th she felt her en teacher for shead delight, time? she used to say, "Hepsie these are life- vuurew a U 10 nerseii, seiusu iuvu,auu iuiss vnn Wnnafnr - - mvnwn fixnpr ence" aw v nut.nf 1 ,I f J itcovii i . as eeo . . o i rm j .;i,M1p'. .T j --.-- -- a I -- fc) - T- - - . j I X r x 1 aeo. but . v rpadinf?n love letters written aires .frnm u ij ' with about I must sav i don't quite agree you oMo nniw t Utnn. no- vhnr fliithnr tv nn M the subiect: I mtebt differ with ' even a min- onnortunities are iVprVwifp w , , - r I " nr dnnahtPrrtheir often vervlimited for observation. Our. family have lived within a stone's throw of the par- all our lives, and since my reraem- KrnPA tWp Wa hpen bAlf a dnzpn diflrpnt i i - zthfi v(nirp. in -- nrpftfth'-'in Church, I don't think either of their wives knew much about Iove;butTievermind discussing these opinions now, tell me about Aliss Fay? mi'niatpra pnancrpd i 1 - l- . i i ,n i theset occasions, in tact sne scarcely laiKea ot i l l anything else; sne was very very ipna or xiepsie a wen as very prouu 01 ner as a siuueni. And it was at this school Hepsie s compositions and ..essays, .and the comments made upon .. them. , i uite a sensation and bX tne teachers created awoke considerable envy among the less for-tunate girls. 15ut we must not linger too long over details, tor we are reaching the important period,-t-he turningpoint in the tuture lite ot this romantic school girl. i . w . -- DEATH OF A NOTED ENGLISH Miis b ay she'seems to have antagonized you. W0A1AN.1 is as proud as a peacock and wears handsome dresses, and elegant hats, and all that, but The death in the earl? days of September she was very glad to get "the girl in panta of Aliss Caroline Ash urst. Biggs causes regret" lettes" to help her get her lessons." "But . ! .1" on Dotn sides ot the Atlantic tor whoever Hep3ie that isn't telling me who she is?" "Alay knew anything of the work for woman's enbe not, but at school we didn t know much franchisement in Great Britain knew of AIis3 about that, we judged the girls "by their de as one of its earliest, most efficient and portment, and what they could do; however I Biggs untiring supporters, both with pen and. speech. know all about Aliss Fay, she's 'Squire Fay's She , was - the . editor of the Enqlnhwoman'Sdaughterr they live rat M. have "ft the house" Review, the most substantial periodical pubsheisnot pretty, and I don't believe they're lished in connection with the movement. very great people; Mrs. urovsener didn t care Aliss Biggs had- - always realized the broaoV for them at allheaipMre JFaywa movement for the political - oi- - the lady,' tboughnhe 'Squire is a very influential scope equality of woman and given much attention to man in, the town." "It appears to me you're always quoting Airs. social and ind ustrjal measures, and- of late G. but tell me hasn't Aliss Fay another narae,- - years had thrown herself very ardently into the effort to secure women as Poor-Layou always speak ot the other girls of the Club Guardians. -e---:as Jane,:Lucy;;Sarah and: so bn7how is it?'I:7: Aliss Biggs was related to the Hon. James "It was always Aliss Fay at school, she's an one of the strongest supporters of only daughterand her name is a very odd Stansfield, woman's enfranchisement in the BritishTarlia- one, Alehitable, her father calls her Hettie." r ;men t.,. "Alehitable, that's as ugly a hamems voursl "Hephzibah is a very grand name, Hannah, and just think of the lady I'm named for THE DOZEN GREATEST POETS. what a superior woman she was, and every one loved her. Hephzibah Hastings, afterwards "Perhaps I may be permitted to recapitulate a curious combination of Hathaway names the list of a dozen English poets whom I three grancj ones together." ventured to a3 the manifest immortals "I am very glad you like your name little of oiir Britishquote JParnassus. Thev are Chaucer. sister-I- t don't make much difference, but I Spenser, Shakespeare, Milton, Dryden, Pope, remember how we all cried when erandna Burns' Wordsworth. Coleridere. Bvron. Gray, 0 named you, such a sweet baby you were." Keats, Shelley. It will be noticed that there "And now I've grown out of the' swppinpCJ are thirteen names here, and my reviewers suppose and am full of all sorts of oufre ideas, have not failed to remind me that it is notori- and not a bit like other girls, that's what I ously difiicult to count the stars. The fact is often hear, the Club girls said that was the reathat Gray, the real thirteenth, was an after son they invited me. to join them, not very thought, and I will admit that, although Grav flattering either." is the author of what is perhaps the most im--- This conversation and other similar ones posing single short poem in the lanffnao-e- ; and from time totime gave Airs. Severance an in- although he- has charm, skillanddistinction sight intaHepsie's character, though the chiTd to a marvelous degree, his oriVinalitv. his was yery...careful. never, to - talk when Air. S fbrce "oproduction. wi7o'rii?id lv limifpd was present she did not like him, though she that he may scarcely be admitted to the first had no good reason U ghe, and somehow sheT rank. No doubt the explosive force which never liked to mention him to her sister- she eggs a. writer on to constant exnressinn was could not understand how it was her sister had lacking in the case of Gray, and I vield him chosen him, and yet they seemed perfectly sata tender babe, and the only one of mv inter isfied with each other. ' i esung Hepsie was . , . amiiywicwjll lhe rest are inviolable, and I will 1 A . - w : . rUSnsihr - -- fAaU 