A WOMAN'S V'to be done by; seek for the spirit of the Lord, hearts at alHirnes'for that it may dwell in our without it we will stumble , and be unable to . fuIfilUour duties."!,. . Si?erJensen, from Bear River City, reported .that branch, the PrestCnot being able to attend. Sister Hardipg "Sometimes I ask the question, do Irealke the great blessings I enjoy?" . y ' . Referred totjie apostaey of her mother; thought it had beejrl stimulant to her. "Our enemies caQHotJiarm, us, but we ourselves may go so that we cannot redeem ourselves." 127 EXPONENT. S ence. world's goods, but We should "be grateful that are here, and not among. those whoare prO' moting dissension and war.' We are enjoying comparati ve peace; let us read the words of the Prophet, and increase our interest in the youth-oZiou; it is the wayward we should pray .for; let us bcharitableand merciful one to another. We are- nearing J.h QiayDf i a mill mIJeOf9 be prepared for it." ....,J'J..l' Coun. Bathsheba.W. Smith wished' the' sisters all "A Merrv. Christmas and A Happy E- - B. Wells New Year," afte"r which-Mrspoke a short timeon the subject of woman Mrs, Young said she was pleased with the reports, but thought : t!iis a time when our meeting should be numerously attended, and we should meet often to gain strength by con- -' 'stant prayeraml callhig. upon God day and mght "insu pnlication "and draw "near unto the -- AfI(Jilwe. neejlmorojaith today'thau e ver; jetl us . Skclno duty; our tithes, our.oiioringv -- we -- ea audTvery duty shoui(be diligently performed,, and she also, made other. "excellent remarks.. ;At the close of the morning .session Prest. M. L Home .made some remarks, desiring i3 ,SisterHiooKi-Know-tnall who were present to come in the afternoon? kingdom Tf God; our Jives- are made up of little deeds; as there were some instructions to4e given to" which is not pleasing Jhe Relief T believe if we do that Society diriiii us with. Thy blessing." Benediction by Mrs. in tne sigm oi me ioru, ii win ne use a oiot on a, blank piece of paper;: let us strive to, B.W: Smith. . w w-x- s. ne- - uflrage,;arL..thought-it.-nece5saytolhaye.:a- .iningord,. eaJize-andiiYfi- ai Sister Susannah Facer: "I think it is the "greatest blessing that we have trials, because it brings out all that is bright in us, makes us ;mnre useful., and prepares us for the reward of I have learned a great deal - the .faithful. through this persecution; it wakes m up to be more diligent; every morning we should ask our Heavenly Father to keep us in that narrow cath: we will not do a great deal wrong .but that small voice j will whisper and tell us whether our thoughts or actions are wicked. I pray I may always feel the kingdom of God is ' foremost in my mind.". Coun. G. Kelley: "I have enjoyed this conference very much. It may seem to you that ' J " not accomplish a great deal, but if all the good accomplished by. the Relief Society through the world wa3 reported, it would show you do ia ()thcr .dutiesihat ty oil Jha position in connecunderstand your may u great-woxk- u) you 'The man .is not without the woman nor the woman without the Show me a sister who man, in the Lord takes the counsel of prayer, and you will not see many of her sons go astray; there is a love ia a mother's heart that would shield a boy under all circumstances, but sometimes it is misused." Spoke of the miseries and wicked-- ' ness in- Loudon;: read" rae;tartTffigfiitiBtid3: 4Thank of the visitors to saloons in that city. God we have not this in Zion,but we have those in our midst who work for this end." Prest. Harriet Snow: "We should all strive to attend these meetings forthe good and of the wisdom; and power ot the sisters in this Stake. Exercise .meekness and love one to another; exercise the principle of peace and confidence; exercise faith and prayerful; beware of it leads downward. May the Lord bless you, enlighten your minds; quicken your understanding." Singing, "We . thank Thee, 0 God, for a prophet." Benediction by Coun. Olivia Wider- borg. Adjourned for three months. 1 .Emilia D. Madsen, Cor. Sec- tion with the priesthood. - Afternoon- Singing, ''0, -' session: n. toallI7iaJ fiueuce with the women fr order to use bur iu of the ' natT6F"toob al Enroll-- all. tain sullrage ent paper-- were circulated for signatures, as one of the helps to obtain it; there would soon be an organization formed, and a meeting would be called for the purpose.'" She hoped itLWDiild be alargeand:in fluentialJgMhering, and thagCKjd would be the result. Conference adiourned for- - three0, months. Singing, "Wheii shall we all meet again. 'The-Nation- ? Gojiferencecnntinued. Prayer was say, what is truth?" offered by M. W. Wilcox. ; . Singing, "0, my Thou" that dwellest" Renorts were Father, n t 5 and one by presidents counselor, after which Prest. Home addressed the meeting. She was ghtd U) see so many; present at holiday time, when she knew there was so mucbTgoing on; urged the sifters; to improvement, and to examine their own hearts, "and see whether they had' made much spiritual progress during the past year, as it was now verging on to the'new year 1889; "let us determine to do better in the year to come; we want to have our meetings conxlucted;on parliamentary rules; Prest. Jos. Smith precHcf ed many j great things concerning the' Relief Society; women have always held responsible positions ;, when the priesthood was on the earth. We shonld preside withxl ignTtyrandionltorthe small items that pertain to our improving our-selvand becoming Elect women. We have been advised to gather and store up wheat by the President of the Church, and to take care of it for the time of famine, which is surely comingrT)oing ourjluty is the path of safety; let us be patient and humble and ask our Heavenly Father for grace sufficient for our aday, , an d we s ha 11 be biesjed pL Hi m;;a'n d 1 et us also seek Him for wisdom, that we may be faithful unto the end." ... A letter from President Woodruff concern ing: the wheat was then read. Prest. Z. p. H. Young, spoke a short time; ' hen-iTe- es . Benediction bp Bro. Barnes. r v- -r Euzabe f rij HowARri, Becretary S. L; Stake, x ' The Primary Conference of the Salt Lake Stake of Zion was held Dec :22nd, 1888, in the, Assembly Hall, in thi3 city, Mrs. Ellen C. Clawson presiding. Opened with singing, "Gladly Meeting." Prayer by Prest Louie" Felt. ' Singing, "Hope: of Israel." Roll called. Minutes 'of last conference were read and Recitatidnra hoyx from the 10th Ward ; MissFrjfsom sangr-'Gpethe Gate. Prest. Louie Felt made a few remarks; told of her visit to the Temple, and wished all "A Merry Christma-- and A Happy Kew Year." A little girl from the 10th Ward recited, '"NoJlowers on Papa'g Grave;" Duet, by two girls from 15th Ward. Remarks by Coun. Liilie Freeze; she advised reading fronythe Kew .Testament ,.VA Jit tie girl from the 17 th Ward ac-csspte- d. n ' j recited, "Christrn of Sugar- - House Ward,' "Happy Children;" Soug.y the little ones, "The children are Coun. L. A. Wells made inpraying for me; teresting remarks; Recitation, a little girl of the 1 th Ward ralso by JosAyilli ams of the "saidl had come from God, our Father, through His 21s( Ward. Coun. C, C. Cobb addressed the children in servants to the people; ".and we know our duty, and if we perform it we need' have no fear, we a very pleasing style; prayed that alt would w need riot doubt. The kingdom" will move on, have a goodr Ch rist mas a nd .... let us serve God and keep the still s mall voi ce Year. Essay on'Tritth," iy ;'Annie'vHagmafl"of the within us, get the Spirit of God and keep it; 19th ra rdReei in t ion, by a bov of the 7 th -let us have the bread of life, that we may have Ward; a little girl of the 17ih Ward recited, a portion to distribute to some who have it not our sons and our daughters and Prest. Clawson made some closing remarks; Can to serve G'od and keep His commandments, so expressed" her pleasure with the meeting, and , that none of them may marry outside of the urged the childreri to1 remember all those who were sick in their prayers. Prayed that the Church?" The revelation to Emma Smith Lord would bless all the children and help SALT LAKE STAKE. '...rr'' was then read, after which Sister Zina made them to do right The Relief Society conference of Salt Lake further, remarks relating to the subjects menConference adjourned for three months. : Staka waa held Rooms, in the tioned.'Si ngi n grMaTch ing 1 lo m eiward. Benedfctiori Cou n. Jane S. Richards said, "When we Fourteenth. Ward, Salt Lake City, Dec. 20th, take.lime to examine ,ourselves weind "many TjlroEvaarStepherM 1888, commencing at 10 a.m. On. the platBcssie Deax, form were Prest Zina L. H. Young and her little things to improve upon; our sisters who Btake SecretarvvPr'Av in their anxiety--' lose by Counselors, Jane S Richards and Bathsh eba cstay;.at home to have ''every thing- nice fof .tbe'Iitile, ones at Smith; also the Secretary, Sarah M Kimball. Prest. of Salt Lake Stake, Mrs. --ATr home, thejf forget this duty; still I do wish they PRIMARY ENTERTAINMENT. cbme to that would enjoymeeting, they might Isabella Horne; nresided. of the Lord. If there is sickness or the'Spirit Jesus, Conference with "0, singing, Edjtou Ex ton ent: opened . a exou the that is in dnath familv, good me giver, etc. Prayer Secretary, by the."We Dea r Sister: As we seldom see anything thank stay at home, and ,! pray for. all such; let us Sinfrincr. tfllZahptb ...fc. TTncrrl The Secretary tryi myistersTto get near- to uol, that we i ri - the col u mns of yo u r pape rfrom bu r quiet , O God, for a prophet" little town, perhaps, a few lines read the minu tei of the prevrou s con feren ce, may have pleasure in doing good. I always in the the poor in. from, our Primary Association wou Id be interwhich were and tlje roll was cal led; take pleasure"be visiting us1 sick; accepted, visit them and try esting to others who, Jike us, are laboring for are .to pitied; let 21 presidents and 3 counselors reported; each spirit ' to give them, strength.- Though this h a day the benefit of the little folks. one spoke of the Relief Society of ber respecv Oo the afternoon of Christmas day our Astrial we enjoy the goodness of the Lord." and of fof tive ward as ' being in ood condition, Sister Helen Mar Whitney: "We have sociation at Virgin City gave an entertainment the'sisters. the good works being performed by more reason to be thankful to God than any in the meeting house which consisted of song3, During the time of the reports being givenpeople on the earth; we have not much of this dialogues, recitations, speeches, music -- Prest, Zina D. H. Young addressed the confer-- -- the-growt- h - -- fault-findin- g, ; ... : we-notins- pire -- -- .'. -- Jn-theAssem- - jso-doin- g; : - j s - M, .... ir. W . we-thou- ght -- i . - - es-ay- s, f 