? ROMAN'S EXPONENT. 110 tented thought from her mind. That even in g ,e revealed to her hh profession and offered to tram her voice, telling her that he knew it to possess such power.tbat with proper cultivation she could claim the homage of princes, and great wealth and jenown would be hers, lie was not deceiving her now, put he did not also care to tell the struggles and triak of a public career. He made an offer to give her lessons the public, insisting that and bring her the eurprLse to" herV parents, if she kept - would -mmuM&tgiv- e- so mucu more- CJ pleasure,' that she consented. The. lessons in music went on and le.s?ou3 in love as well, and The Elders, ps they called themselyes, often visited at Mr. B's. and taught his family the gospel, but Emma was seldom present always going to rehearsals and operas, and her lover took great pains prejudice her "against this hew religion lie finally decided "to return to London, and therefore hastened their marriage, that he might briug his beautiful, young wife before an audience in that great metropolis. The wedding was quietly celebrated iit home, Mr. B. consenting. After, a thorough investiga- tiohoTrr.TK s "character; he found him to be fairly well liked among his London acquaintances most "of whom were" musieians,and though ... . n -h- er-hefore : r - """" - - . presentd-her-iauinUone cvening-Etiimtwo opera tickets, telling them she bought them with her own allowance and begging them to go, for it Would be something they would greatlv eniovjind ought not to miss: Mr. B. was himself something of ' a singer and consented as he usually did to Emma's en- treaties. The dear girl was flushed with excitement, her dark eyes shone like stars and her countenance was a "perfect glow; sfie danced aroundjhe house, completed her little every day tasks and begged to go to see a friend for a little while. She wenttoa neighbor's who was in her secret and there dressed iu her costume for the opera, covering herself with a large cloak she proceeded to the theatre in company with her "friend. Mr. Reading met her at the door and he felt, by her exuberant spirits Zandlhright ..face that ho need have no fear of her success. The curtain roce and the couple best seats in the turned inlhe building sitting the to attention their stage, they had been gaza , - itli old-fashion- , were-al the jstage, JutJherJppmoo) idetexThe father mistrusted him almost from the firsthand besides he and his wife had become imbued with the new doctrines" that ..the Americans" had brought' to tllem and naturally wished their children .to aceeptlhera as well;-- . Mr. -Reading on the contrary had refused these teachings and was a bitter opponent to them, but his influence with Emma prevailed, he believed her roice would be certain fortune to him, and if his love was not as as his " avarice he at least held sufficient great affection for - her at that time to make her his wife. to-he- r , -- tpeetatrtrfor-s- - . -- " d ed new prima donna with an Italian name if not descent, was about to appear; every sound was hushed as proudly and gracefully she came' forward, her sweet voice, with just the slightest tremble, pealed forth its pretty song, when she had finished for a moment the silence remained, then aloud deafening applause began which ended onlyjby her reappearance and arepitition of her eong. The old folks were at first stricken almostdumbith surprise, and neither, offered to move until the song ended, then the father spoke aloud, "Why that's our Emma!" As indeed it was, and this was but the beginning of a long stage career. The kind but stern father remonstrated and the mother entreated her to give it up, though she did seem so wrapped up in her chosen profession, for they apprehended with a parents' anxiety that failure, poverty and despair, as wel I as fa m e a nd s u ccessl m igh t be the fa f e of a public life. , Not only was their daughter in love with her profession, but she was deeper in love with her instructor, an djshe readily saw by accept-in- g an ofler of marriage from him not only her ambition satisfied; for iie7wshed hert(r pursue . . be-jewel- of t he audience . brt ing at their surroundings,and the audience had been gazing at them, it looked so odd to see these simply dressed working people among the most fashionable part of the audience. But after the music began Mr. B. had no eyes or ears for the people around him but was at once lost in the sweet' etraina .from the -violin music vibrated throughout the building, the --fa- ces a weeping, smiling", hopeful bride. .She was aloneinan English hospital, her husband after compelling her to work on the stage under all circumstances even when he saw her health was undermined,: till her voice completely failed her and she could not get engagements, deserted and left her to grope her way alone in the world in sickness and poverty; The letters her father sent her she had never received, for her husband did not wish her to know of- - their emigrating for fear she would . wish to come. ' His treatment-ha- d even-the- n assumed some degree of cruelty. With what little means she could gather after i .i i i suudEiiliing herJe wlreasurea which she had man aged ninver,onnnenfiaLory:was reveaiKti neither was there anything to justify him in a to keep from her husband, she gained admitpositive refusal to the marriage, when he tance to a hospital and while there confided realized how much li is daughter's happiness nurse, who seemed a kindly disposed wo' man, the story of her father and the new faith; depended on it. far was sadder home than The parting from he had espoused. It happened that the nurse Emma imagined; she was so attached to every had heard, of this new Gospel and was in corlittle thing in the diome of her girlhood, and respondence with an Elder at that time,and so the precious little Bisters and brothers, and the lie worked with Emma to help her to find her , father. TheAiurse wroteto the Elder to come to patient and tender mother and hergreat-souledshe how dear, dear father, oh, clung to them the hospital, and after hearing Emma's story he and even faltered, and would fain wrote for, her to the .Presiding Jhilder in Engall and wept, have remained in the quiet, homely little nest, land to find out when and where her family even though she believed the world was waiting had emigrated. Word was sent to her father to greet her and do her homage, but the husand he soon sent means for his daughter to band hurried her off and with tender words of come to him. The thought of seeing her dear bis own; and wonderful stories of her approach ones and. the hope that another warmer clisoon led her thoughts into other mate might possibly cure her -- cough,- for it ing fame, on ihey sped to the great city, channels,-anwas consumption,-- which exposure and 'overwhere a human being is noted, no more than a work had brought upon her, raised her spirits ... single bee in a huge swarm to an unusual degree, and she seemed to revive The home of Mr. B. was very lonely without as though by magic. She stood. the ocean their dear girl, but the family were much" en- voyage and long journey to the West regrossed with their new faith and their housev markably well, but when at last the journey' had almost become a home for the Elders as was over and in lier father's comfortable home she was reinstalled a3 their own bright star, they paid their usual visits to the locality. There were many of them now, coming and goher strength again failed, and she faded and all the new converts and time, making died in her mother's arms. ing working and teaching among "them. Emma And this Thanksgiving day the father had time to from letters wrote became had ceremonies performed in the Lord's Temple time, but her less frequent and lessgay,andthe father feared for that dear daughter, who could not live to that lier life was not all she had anticipated, andhe strjoHed Jojhe grave sh- wrote-tba- t shebaiHtmeTTTOT'su'c though to offer there a prayer of thanksgiving for the cessful in her profession, still Jthey failed to hear return of hi?k loved one to him, .to his people, other reports of her success, such as they had and to her Lord. believed would come, lor in their own blind This was the unwritten beneath that love they had- - been vain enough to think her little stone marked Emma. story fame would be wide spread. Alas, how many A. W. C. . take a public step with the same belief and ' soon are quite content with only a local reputa- AN OPEN LETTER TO MY FRIENDS. lion. Emigration to .America was the next move in Mr. B's. family, and as their preparations "Some have gone to lands tar distant were being made they all thought of and longed And with strangers make their homes.". for Emma. The father felt he could not In some respects this is my case, but while leave her in England in such an uncertain in a distant land far from homo and kindred, career; and the mother's heart yearned day and friends are here for all saints when assembled nignt tor ner lovely daughter; the children as we are, making new homes, redeeming the asked is Emma coming, we want her to cross virgin soil, are near and dear friends. How I the big ocean with us too? wish I sit and chat :with the dear They wrote again and again but received nn friends atcould; home, or could write a letter to reply, and at last the day for departure came each that we might have a personal digest of ana no woru irom Lmma. Ihe little family old times and happy scenes of the past. There parted with country and friends and would are many who. have passed from this field of not have grieved much, so full of bright anusefulness to the great beyond. L have wept ticipations of the new home in the West were when the saojaemjreachedjme,iiQtforthose theyandihey imigh't have been who have died in the Lord but for bereaved had it not been that their most beloved ones here. When the echo of marriage bells child was somewhere in this land, they knew ot how situated, whether ill or well, miserable leached me I have rejoiced, if those who were or nappy ,as it was they looked back many times wed were given by those who have the power to bless. The sweet little strangers - who have and sighed for country, home and daughter. forces of our "home emigration.", -- In the they soon made a happy swelledjthe have been kissed and admired, in heart and comfortable home and the children grew up mind for 'mid pure and religious principles to be honest my fondness for them remains, as trusted and beloved among their friends. The ' 'Dickens" "says! father never failing to respond to "They are idols of hearts and of households any duty placed before him became revered and honored They are angels of God in disguise'' in ever but that little home was there. a Ion o.' and no home can.be all home witnout thero. and de?:re a for something not yet theirs. So the ing years wear on apace, and all are chacg-inAt last their prayers were answered ti'and Are we growing into a oneness that the eventfuscenes are passing through de- - .dJLelij. - . -- ' ' . , quite-conten- tr -- -f- : cew-Iahd ; ; - :., g. 