WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 1(J5 "neat-purcontaining money,'; C. E. Beaji. By request of the Chairman, Hon; 'ganizatiori be published in the Richfield AdvocateT presented with a ' Vm j j Sjeigrniller addressed nhe '' audience. Carried. The ladies came forward and were en.which was donated by the siter3. ; in a 'very Impressive' manner, , Association. rolled members "The Rights, of Women;" the subject received its due analysis. The Secretary 'read ..the Con-he- r, An adjournment was moved and seconded, and thanking the sisters for rtheir kindness towards followed by her husband, who madea!iorL;sthution of "The Natinal Woman' SutTragfi"A sso- meeting was adjourned until : an appointment the- should be published by the Secretary. Bean moved-th- at tod affecting speech, thanking them, all fQrithirlIdation."JIrsr5Elizal)eth Be, kindness towards his wife; exporting all to, be rX'onstitutioFbe adopted "Seconded and carrietrr Richfield, March 20th, 1889. By request, of the Chairman, Mrs Louisiana true to their religion, live united, and have chanty Heppler .addressed - the audience; her remarks for each other. Closed by asking God's J. EDWARD PFEIEEEI were truly worthy of the highest commendation. "to rest upon all. , having returned, "the Our newly appointed 'bishop, Brother Eli Open7 The Committee on the Womcnis Journal and other -Farns-wortM. L. Mrs. of Through, some Chairman the made Committee, remarks, very appropriate shaw, 11 and Regulations. Mrs. papers Ave have learned of the tleaiH of J urge read the touch'ngjupon the excellent qualities of Sister Edward PlVifler. The geiiLleman had been in -- Elizabeth Bean moved that they be. .read, and: Halliday, and the good she had rionein our rorn ill health for yoted upon separately. munityv- - BrollierJ, .Ci S tjckngyalsojppi; e.oftTie. d of :lriends-ha- d ' Them, read to .then The in with would Sifter proceeded Secretary sustain, parting loss .we ' papers speak of him as a man of 'remarkable the labors of. the Bean moved Mrs. Celia E. that in Lord the her bless to asked and ber Halliday, and promptitude" in business aiul iu Tall energy - Committee on Com and the be Rev the of President accepted ByLaws E; J. Stickney new home. Tils transactions in life. Hi? success iu merand The caarried. Seconded mittee excused. Bettie Counselor Boss, presiWall, lief Society; cantile affairs was largely diie to thefce qualities and is the a of Regular Ann copy -- Counselor J. following dent" of the: teachers,-an- d of his character. Mr. Pfeiffer .was a (Jefman, tions. few a encouraging remarks. a native of Altona but went to England when" Stickney, made Article I. " Each one expressing regret in parting with Sister a young man, nineteen years of age; the papers Woman the called shall be This.. Association -s- tate-that .. iiot longafter he went to England "ITallrday.. of Utah. Sevier County, Association, Suffrage All joined in .wishing" her a pleasant journey, "he was made executor of his father's will, and II. Article and health and happiness in her new home. up his own share in that voluntarily gave The object of the Association sjiall be to work testament to the advantage of his relations Nettie; Tietjex, Secretary. re' for the enfranchisement of all women, without resolved to owe "everything to his own . Santaquin, March "17th, 1889. He created the China branch in a gard to party, sect, or creed, and to take such steps as shall seem to be wise and expedient for -- great -- mense fortune. the political advancement of this county. For the Exponent. The home of Mr. nnd Mrs. Pfciiier as des"7 Article III.' SEVIER COUNTY AV. S. A. a most cribed by them to the present writer-wa- s The officers of this Association shall be a Presia Secretary, Corresdelightful place, and one could almosC fancy it dent, three In respCLrise to v from their own description to-- be -- a -- perfect with an rluential Tvomen-of.Sev- icr County, a number of ponding Secretaryand Treasurer, fi ' ' gentleman's .home. Miss e Co m mittee of not ess th an ve. modelfaEiigiisIi . d iffe rent parts of ... the from j suffragistsladies Alice Stone B lack well, of the Woman' jurnal ". IV. Article Relief Richfidd in the met Hall, Society county, describes it just as we had pictured it in our All persons wishing to become members of this ; March 1889. 14, Thursday, own mind. "A glimpse of fairy land the Association, must pay an initiation. fee of twenty-fiv- e Mrs. Elizabeth Bean stated that we had met great quiet garden, with its nicely kept Engcents annually, and must" give their names rTr S u Associa Woman a to age . together lish turf, the long green walks, the delicately organize who will present to the tion 'for. Sevier Countv. She: then called for a witinhe money of Secretary, contrasted foliage Of the shrubbery f the multito the next regular order business, in the them nomination for a chairman of the meeting. tude of roses, and the row of huge aspen trees, admission. for meeting Mrs. Cilia E Bean, nominated Mrs. Merinda trunks overgrown with ivy and looking V. Article like massive pillars: Mr. and Mrs. Pfeiffer HHftllidy:-ase- h several ladies, and was earned. 4iAd4heelvjeJ tive Committee, shall have powder to change or for a nomination asked for then The Chairman rough waste ground over which tfiey roJeimT? s and Regulations at any exethe amend horseback." Their visit to the United States secretary; Mrs. Caroline Morrhon then nomin the submit to them then" shall and cutive session, was in 184, and they visited this city in Octo- - ; ated Mis Sarah Gardner, as secretary of the be where by adopted they may her called at the office of the WjOMan's regular "meeting, meeting; seconded by Mrs. Ina Beau. Carried a majority vote. " Exponent on the 20th; we accompanied them J Singing by the choir, "America VI. Article. to the Lion House, and other places, introduced Mrs. Dorcas Farnswortlr offered the opening of devise shall Committee plans The Executive them to Sister Eliza and others. The next day ; prayer. of and' the progress work suited to development: they dined at the Gardo: House by invitation then gave a synapsis of the call; of President Taylor and spent the evening of members of the Association, and the ladies then proceeded to organize the Asso the22dat (7uT homeTafewfrlendsbaving-together with the members in encouraging young Mrs nominated Bean Elizabeth Mrs. ciation; and discuss write quesbeen invited to meet them. essays, people to speak, Ce'lia E. Bean.. President; seconded by a number Mrs. Emily Pfeiffer is a writer and poet of : tions upon political matters, and such other sub : of ladies. Carried. considerable eel ebrity, writes for t h- e- Con tan- - " those invite, and relate already as thereto; Thf Chairman then asked tor a nomination of jects in suffrage, and encourage Ohem to porwy Review and-- other standanIKfTgli.-jnominated interested ; Mrs- three journalsThe- is a staunch wroian suffragist, become acquainted with the objects of the organb -- Mrs. Louisiana as First and has written some very excellent articles on Henpler, zation. hdmifiatetP" Mrs. Caroling Miss Apw . thejubject.She handles the matter differently ro Gardner Article VII. ' from most of the advocates of the, cause, and SvlvesterrSecond official papers and documents shall be All ves it some i terary p restige. Her article in in the gi and Spencer nominated Mrs. Thurza Thurber, Third President or, Secretary, the by signed the Contemporay lieview of February, 1881, seconded and carried. of' the President, by JheAice-Presideabsence is one of the Mrs. Rpn n o m hat ed ffes F hra IV airorhcial .correspopdenee- - entitled "Woman Clnim," Bean, Secretary of the Association; seconded mustr be signed by the Chairman of the Executive nomiated Farnsworth, Dorcas Mrs. and carried, Committee, and the Correspondingecretaryr se ' j j d- She-responde- of-th- e -- li-B. blt-ssin- -- - .. , By-La- ws h, By-La- ws thlrtwoyfatslthpiigbThis " ' gt)od-hope- his-nH-over- -- The " By-La- -- - ; -- . . oxer-tions.- "- ouden-houserand-haamas - 1. ; " . Vice-Presiden- ts, Exe-cuti- 1 J ' . -- eir By-Law- ' -" , The-Chairma- n co-opera- te " h Vice-Preside- Ina-Bea- nts Vice-Preside- , ... Vice-preside- Vice-Preside- nt; ;Mrs,S nt J -- 1 nt, nt Mi5gPtl 1 - begt; Hrbtm04ssayntheu -- Miss Allice; HoyV Corresponding Secretary; seconded and carried, -- r MrsThurza Thurber nominated Mrs. Maria Hansen, Treasurer ; seconded and carried. Miss sjeJ&P ggie Gardner, tive Committee; and the names of Mrs. flenrietta' ' Article VIII. r shall be Regular meetings of the Association held once a month, and such business transacted as shall be broughtto the attention of the meetor other officers, ing by th e Executive Committee, after which miscellaneous outness, or discussion "" ......... v ...1 wttt ue in oiucj. Article IX A" punctual attend encei of themembers is reis and proin quested: in order to further the teres mote harmony in all plans and methods of or'rT..'... .1 . ganized work. and ReguAfter, the adoption of the lations, Mrs. Elizabeth Bean expressed iniUting terms, hendeasnregarortcr Mrs. H. Wright moved that aa account of the or" land Mrs. Caroline Molrtson, were presented as ;membersof Executive Committee, and were sustained by vote. . V the Committee that . Mrs. Celia E. Bean, movecj on be appointed; by the Chairman. Carried.-- Mrs. Lola M. Farnsworth, Mrs. Mf Seeg-milland Mrs. Emma Spaftbrd, were accordingly By-Law- s, er ' ppointedd5tained.Thenimittee '. ihejL .interesting retired fcWg their Mrs., speech on ' Woman Suffrage" was given by ' abse'nce-atVer- y. .1 - .. By-La- ws nT our readers may have some idea 01 its merits, we will quote one or two paragraphs. T "A'sreardeaLhas been saidrandrstill-bein- g said, about the alteration of the relations of the sexes, which, might be expected to r resulET" fro m 'Iny-teii-io ai'ofltliel f ran ch i sei qs i h e 1 m a n n e r d e m a n d edrowCl''fin'di t d i ffi cu respond to these lean u essTl rther eeommz-senou- 1 1 1 to s- ebouer t h ng' of whichNature-rcarefuff she ir carefuifof LlrerHy pesrand " w i while-tb.aUk"en- uiKut:si3i,' su bsist 3 tv bic),is at the base of physicliltiractionVtbere is little fear of sexual relations being either reversed or annulledr? So long as the maternal function continues tenderlv to fashion the hearts oflwomenlso Aonz as the voicesof men retain their resonance, and until their ejii 