111 WOMAN'S EXPONENT, the Summer, and a fierco hail storm, and early mand? I trust and believe so7 else JL should not be writing you now.. .Shall' I give you a frost made us a little doubtful for a season. The 29. of October brought us the best of few .leaves from my life here? it may intero all. Pres. WoodrufF and nartv arrived lure est you. full been of after a' ride across the prairie of 50 miles, all The last two months have, interesting event3 for our little colony. On in excellent health and spirits. Can the joy the 27, of September we were honored with that filled our hearts be told? no never, twas meat and drink to our souls 'twas the knowl the company of one of Canada's most influential and able men. Hon. Mackeuzie Bowell, edge that we were cared for bv our file leaders. Minister oi uustoms, ne was accompanied ny and the sweet consolation of the spirit of God, his Dept. Min. Parmalee' and the, Iusnecter that ;aecomnaniedlihehdii-WordsJ3fJiiL-- - w ho uJv ther: pspi ration" and advice of: approval .o'f Brother H, oun.Pnrra t jantlTftfi CJ ' Vf t mm anu an, bye is doubtless distantly related to us.- They Uard's course, the strengui-1- 0 made it a time of times to" us, and made us were met at tne dc inary s iuyer uy my nus " Ko uA nd Dr,- - A lenr- Collector of Customs at fpel thftt'oiir little trials were more' than com that port, and a staunch true friend to ua. pensated for and forgotten in the joy of their nresence. (If rav dear mother and soir could After an excellent dinner the party were serenaded by -- the- choir, then a pleasant, evening have beeuliere my happiness would have been of intelligent conversation cn many of the complete.) c n in assembled The people were iovfully leading topics of the day, with jest and repartee. In the morning a drive amongst. our ference capacity Sunday and Monday ttnd all fields and flocks viewiDg'our improvements etc. were filled with the desire to do and bear all then adieu with many kind words ofpraise and things for the gospel's sake and our hearts ran wonder at all that had been accomplished in together with heavenl v love and praises to mercies, Tues- two year?, by us, and we go on our even way Our Father, for all his tender - 'once more. " Not so the press and people for day was Pres. Card s oOth birthday, and all we have had many words of encouragement the neonle assembled in the meeting: house and comment through his Honor's visit, and he where a splendid public dinner was partaken has been "chaffed" not a little for his praise of by all, in the evening a party and concert combined was indulged in by our respected of us. I Ve The 12, of October found a party of seven-- a visitors and nearly all the settlement tomti1o - irpnrlinor had a good time, never to be iorgotten. - B - their wav to " VI UUl ICC jv Wednesday the 6." the party went to lacleod fftflpod: asetlement'some 40 miles distant. Onr nhip.ct in coiner was to meet the Gov. a3 the guests of Dr. Allen, stayed over night was Gen. of Canada who is the Representative of- in his elegant home where everything the Queen, and who in company witn nis wire done for the comtort ot his guests possible, neices, Mr. next dav to Lethbridce visiting the magnifi Lady Stanley, her daughter, iwqlcourt phy si- - cent coal beds and works of the Gait Co. under Coleville Sec Sir James Grant, the polite and generous managers kind care nrt.?A. for the "London Graphic" were to be vnunf Mr. Gait. Through tears we see them Utah, "peace go with them." there. A most distinguished party, and we de- - start And love to you all from the heart that never na xt rnPTTi i iik divert fn lxvm uut - na , r: j forgets a friend, though lar away. loyal citizens. .. Yours ever, . .. i , ii - our- - party .tne villageWithin" 9- - wiles, Ml..i ZrNA Y. Caiid. loll in wi th the. Vice Kesai party, who had Cardston, Nov. 12th 1889. Cochrane, been visitioe the Ranch of Senator siuck. t viiwTngthwr'immense'Beraa- or of mourn Thev were escorted by a body A HUNDRED YEARS TO COME. ,1 mwrr .Una- orinoorfinno i iu.vv,. WHO niauo t vcij police Through the courtesy of our esteemed friend Where, where will be the birds tliat sing, Dr. Allen we camped on his grounds,where to come? " ; - 7 1 -- ... ' a 1 1 -- for-belove- d , . - 1 . - ... . we had the pleasure of meeting His Excellency and Lady Stanley, Sir James Grant, Mrs. Coleville, Miss Leister and Miss Stanley. We' were treatecKn .the kindest manner possible.. They, honored us. by coming; into our tent, re ; chatting freely antl :cordi3llfrxpressiDg-the-pleasuit would have given them to have visited our little settlements, etc. Monday morning Lord Stanley accepted the only opportunity that presented itself to listen to nAAosa wkiVh hA.fcindlv listened and re plied to in a most happy and appreciative manner, said we were welcome here, and in vited us to use our influence to induce others . i . 10. come, tf xxupeu .TnaoriVi tls mo Tr'TViiinxf rt Wva. puputj "All who observe the laws might be verified. of her Majesty's Dominion were free to dwell unaer ine loius oi mc uuuau ""o o"""; should - inform thQuen n fl s U oi tn a- - cf 1 t h ft t. rrzzrxzZ. rarely been my lot to meet - more unassuming and gentle plainly dressed, and truly- kind people than are the real nobility of England whom I have had the pleasure of meeting. Dr. Allen was the open "Sesame" to our "many" privileges, an3 we felt truly grateful for his kindness, he is one of nature's noble men in very deed. We "need friends and "Our Father" raises them up as he sees fit, all the steam praise to Him. The next event Was thresher, whose whistle woke the echoes of the Rockies for the first time in this vicinity. In the course of a days threshing 4,4UU, ousneis of wheat and oats were stored away which is nai annther-r.anseibr- er 1 1 T. hundred years The rhowers that now io beauty spring A' hundred years to come? The rosy lip, the lofty brow. The heart that beats zo gaily now, Ohrwhere will be Love's beaming eye; Joy's pleasant smiles and sorrow's sigh, A hundred years to come? A ; -- Who'll throng for go'd this crowded street. A hundred years to come? Who'll tread yon church with willing feet. A hundred years to come? Pale trembling age, and fiery youth, And childhood with its heart of truth, The rich, the poor, on land and seav'Where will themighty "millions e . A hundred years to come? " We all within our graves shall skep; No living soul for us will weep. a hund red years to come? But other men our lands will till, And others, then, our streets will fill, While other birds will sing as gay, i As bright the sunshine as today,--A hundred years to come? The A J nine;. : c and poetry. From these religious the sinfrin? came into possession of the sprvir-became changed, its character early . . .. . Christians; t i i .i have it developed into me incomparable masterpieces of the early: Italian ('lurch. It grew side by side with its sister art of naintinff. which was also fostered by the church, and one has a dtiiuite idea of its rela-- , tive place in musical history when viewing the many beautiful works of great Italian painters nf.t.lidt timp: thV celebrated Madonnas and Hilar pieces of litj ens, Correggio, Uuido, and oihers. " And whenj later, the reformation came, making -- waragainstl prevailing prin- cipics, and setting up newer ana more noerai principles in place ot those already existing; -" then, toor muric enected tne samo changes, and musical religious art reached its highest revelation id Bach and Handel. Tlut- before o-coinerJ into Germany, which im- necessary in order to dismediately cuss the more modern music, allow me a wx)rd concerning Italian opera, the same Italian opera about which we hear so muchjeven nowadays. Let me quote the spirit of certain remarks by one of the clearest art critics of our century, lie says, in eilect, "that alter the decline of the old, pure church music in Italy, such as was nearu in ine ume oi raiesinna, lllc lUlitJum;i.iuu auu ucvciujiiucui, vi ' ujftiam; nolnrWi wa ft lanR into Pafani?m and .that o . ' - r. : i . a? i r, .1'... same Italian this opeiaiic mujie, so lar as any of words and music or connection flrfi n, Tifnpsa ' M semi-barbari- . . and-finally-we - ; bt-come- s . v' - V V JS. cUJieeruuu, cwicu euwu -i- iu.?--.-. uiiscrauic- - temporary structure that the cultured musician stands in sorrowful amazement before of this petty and childish art iorra, the narrow l" , . . w r. ,( wViiiK nun A TjIyt t tlif (f rontntt frpnius amonc composers to a merely heartless j3 to-da- y . , I - t-- ? was 1 V.r t stt beiore the compeser man to write a . . . . . number of popular airs Tor the special voices nf w. the nonular sincrers of the hour. The it T .1 ft i ' forms a solo tor the prima tiouna, a auet, a all equally trio, then achorus,tl..theiFa t ballet; .. I ..II gOUUiUilA iii ttlUCHV. ctouu j";mt, v amusiner.to a yolatile.impulsive, and excitable populace. There have been many operas iroui me later ximmu vwuipjsti .wuiuu have contained wonderfully pretty, taking airs, and which have been extremely popular, but, generally speaking, Italian opera has little to do with the history of real art. ; And now. leavincr the frivolities of Italian opera, let us go north into Germany, -t recei ved its for th erei tTvartha its greatest achieved and strongest impulses, triumphs. 'It was there that the inexorable laws and dogmas which bound and fettered musical rnmnosition were taken up. expanded, enlarged and infused with spirit and beauty of treatment, .giving us what is now recognized as the German classics. Bach, Handel, Haydeu,and W berthe types Mozart of thi3schdol.:7 Bach and Handel have already been mentioned as the culmination of the reformatory! religious element in music Hayden developed the sonata and the symphony "forms; and ivmtP 'The Seasons " "The Creation ... 1 Z ( - . . - - - tar etied rare-geacrally-wnc- m n umerolasrcheitral-and-pianodco. - . .... without poeitious, r .1 . anr oi thai complete m lorm, hut which distinguishes 'the descriptive coloring later music. It was Mozart who took the Italian opera, scanty in form, and of conventional tu re, though Hhaci reached asen-suou- s st-uc- hriliiahcylh"the"moum3 of talented singers, and gave it its highest character " through German instrumentation and treatment- ' - - : - - -- : : : ' " to give any extended "classical." It should definition of the word standard, but its ordinary mean music as use is for those compositions, great and beautiAmong the Greeks we first know of thp.v are. which vere modeled, measured nnnPffd with their dances; the dance reulat- - -- ful exhimHednly-accxrrfing-trxi)Latinized and SCtlOOLS OF MUSIC. I ball not attempt "first-rate,- " id 4nghe"riiythm-f-theecompanying-nra- 3rr 