WpiFAN 'S EX P ONENT I their names, and help on the cause of right politic?, but all were characterized by good ik'jirj, and made tlie' meeting a successful, and pleasant one. The president proposed a vote of thanks to the gentlemen for their presence and iipportj whiclw carried. 1 be meeting dosed with prayer Dy - - was a numerous and and enthusiastic onemany names were added to the list of members. The president said she had beenwell repaidfor the journey to Deseretv that being the largest, and most encouraging meeting she had attended in the County; and thanked them for their support and sympathy with the cause of freedom and right. The meeting was closed with prayer by B. W. Scott. freedom.--The-meetin- . ' W.H.Stott. A meeting of the Millard .Co., Wi S. Ai wa3 held in Holden Sept., 3. Mrs. M. A, Y. Green-halg- h presiding. The meeting was well aV ,r tended,therebeingaairgprinklingof Ihe ''lords of creation'' present. The meeting was opened by singing, prayer by Charles Wood, lhe : pn?id cut stated the object of tho organization, "and the rights and privileges woman hoped to obtain, especially the right to vote. This being the first meeting in Idolden the Constitution of the society was read, and the .roll of members called. The president then read a brief sketch of Woman's Suffrogo movement from ita commencement down to the present time pointing out many illustrious .men and women who i i i , i nau laKen au active pari,l in wumau a saruggiu for freedom and right. A. P. Harmon, Sydney Teeples and Charles Wood, addressed the assembly expressing themselves as being in perfect sympathy with the suffrage movement, and lhe undoubted right woman had to be coequal with man, in social and political affairs, and that woman was intended to fill a higher sphere than that of a household drudge and that Ehe ought to be the peer and companion of her husband. An interval was taken for the "enrollment of names, and the meeting closed with prayer by A. P. Harmon. . b. A. oi iviiiiard U).t A meeting ol the mis. m. a. . wa3 held atJjeseret.cept.-iu- .. Y. i Greejihalgh presiding. The meeting opened with gin gin g by the choir, . "Do what . is right, the day dawn is breaking Hailing a future of freedom and right." Prayer was offered bv J. Black. The Consti- ntT6BvaTlra3iai"tI foil oTmembers called. The president stated what was the object ,6f the organization, and the rights and privileges sought to be obtained, ancf gave a brief history of the movement from its commencement, spoke in terms of the highest respect and praise of the many noble men and women who bad taken part in the movement, and given both their time, talents, and money to help forward the cause. She had taken part m many struggles, that armeared even more honeless than this. to see them successfully achieved but had lived ' ' . . . . . . . . 1" f ana naa not me sugniest ooudi mat tne equal rights mo vemcnt won Id be rqually Triuiiiphan 17 The meeting was addressed by J. Black, J. Bennett, W, Black, L. R. Cupper and W. Hawley, all except the last named gentleman were in favor ot woman suffrage, and equal rights with men. Mr. Hawley thought the move- uicuii h. uwn iuugiiu unit iujjiuiieu iiuiu utiua the water, and that it was unconstitutional,-again- st reason, and against nature thatwoman should hold any position except that of housewife, with several other equally fallacious arguments. The president-repliedemolishing his said and he had statements, strengthened the cause by the poor arguments he had brought against it, as much, or perhaps more than any that had been used in favor of it. Jlrs. E. W'hicker, Mrs. A. Hinder, Mrs. M. Stocks Slrs.-- F. Cupper, Mrs. F. Scott, "Mrs.' M. E. Peterson, 5lr?. I. J. Jknnett-an- d Mrs., Cynthia Black 7"a3drese4JJheLjiieelioe..-- all speaking clear I . l .";... equai women Having jrignu with the men", and expressed themselves willing 1 to render all h assistance in their power, to the furtheran ce of the mo vemenU An interval was taken for the enrollment of members, during which time Mrs. Meta Wells spoke briefly in favor of the suffrage and exhorted all to enroll 1 1 1 T I : smsmuy-- - . ---- -- to .ATiXj Xmj PRINCIPAL POINTS is like"stock in Jrade; EAST, WEST, influence; it makes friends; creates funds; draws patronage and support; and opens a sure and easy way to wealth, honor, and happiness. Hawcs. NORTH and SOUTH ' .' ' . . --AT . , IN MEMORIAM TICKET. OFFICE, UNION ' Main Street, Salt Lake City, Mary Emerette daughter of John F, and Mary Annie Rupp Gerber born in Granger July 30, 1870. departed this life August 26, 1S89. The cause of her death was typhoid pneumonia, after a few day's illness while absent from her home; her remains were brought home .to-- her parents in Granger and the funeral services were held at the Ward house and cpriducted by Bishop D. Mc'Rae. Suitable remarks were made to console the mourners-bElders John C Mackay, George B. Wallace, and the Bishop. At" the first organization of the Y. L. M. I. A. of the Ward"-deceasewas chosen as first counselor shealsb assisted in the singing and in the Primary Association and Sunday School faithfully till she went away into exile. She was a constant reader of the Woman's Exponent always willing to learn some good, from her- childhood, she was affectionate to little children and a kind nurse to her youDger brothers and sisters. Her demise caused her family and friends much sorrow, and has cast a gloom over all that knew she was a happy and patient under the many trials she was called to endure, While absentjrom her home and loved ones. Her comforting words- to her mother were at all times, do not 'worry over me, I am all right.'' She passed away like a child goingjojleep, without a struggle true to her God and the faith she had embraced, and it can be truly said of her she sacrificed her all for the glorious hope which was 'within her; she dwells now in a holier sphere. Rest, sweet rest at home in heaven. E.I NG ALLS, C. J.V. PARKER, - City Pass. Agt. Div. Pass. Agt. y EAGLE EMPORIUM SAT,T LAKE CITY. - - 1 Dearest Mary, "thou hast left us Here thy loss we deeply feel But 'tis God that has bereft us He can all our sorrows heal." ( ... 1 a SALE l f 13 - '1 ' ViW-- the more of facilities his for the it a man possesses, greater making additions to it. Character is power Character . - g ' ' The Leading Retail Casli .KTHOM Special to the Ladies. AT TEASD EE'S Will be found th 1 latest styles and piodnctions in LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, f "Soon again we hope to meet thee AVhedeaUs gloOmjiiight has'fiea Then again with joy we'll greet thee where no hitter tears are shed." "RIBBONST : COLLARS, TIES And an elegant asisortmenf of X)E,1T M. A. R. G. GOODS: Special department for Ladies' Misses' and fant's Shoes. Granger Sept. 13th 1889 In- . East Temple Street 112, 114, 116, 118 OBITUARY? DieLat her father's residence, at Oakley, Idaho. Sept 3 iS9. Annie M, daughter of Horton D. and Louisa Haight. -- Deceased was a noble daughter, .and sister in Zion holding many responsible ' positions in organized Societies. She was counseler in the Primary Association. Assistant Teacher in Primary Department of S. S. A member of the Ward and S. S. Choirs. A diligent . mem-berofth- 1. OBSTETRICS AliD 1TUHSKIG - Jr - , " , On Monday, October 14, '89. Course, Six Months. Tuition, $50.00. For further particulars address DR. M. C. - SHIPP 34 S. Seventh East Street. May ber sleibelweet, andlier resurrection among the first and may the Lord minister comfort Gloruui to the heart broken family. . Especially do we sympathize with Brother" Horton D wbp is in hisfaster'5 service in New Zealand.- -. Yours Very Respectfully .. : Sarah E. Robinson. "T f 7 : r , Oakley. SHIPP C. Will commence a.class in eX member of . the Home Dramatic Club which was organized by the desire of the Bishop.- - She was true to her mother in the performance of her duties at home. The amiable young lady, would have been 18, yrs old the 17th 61 October next, IGGIE 3D-u-Snr) JAMES "ds CO., TINNERS CAS, WATER & STEAM FITTERS -- Agent for RUMSEYS celebrated Upt ami FO R E PUMPS. Pumpg Repaired on short notice. Orders froaa the country promptly responded to. Alirssi. Jili23. Esx 3C5. SALT Li II CIT7." 