f WOMAN'S EXPONENT. - 110 " V- wide plains. - We camped that range over the a here at night; had shower, not, much, but refresh ing; had supper and a good nigh t'gjnest; up early, and travel again alter the usual j ' : : I would refer the candid inquirer prized by the sisters. There is a Relief Society, Primary and Y. L. M. I. Association ineach settlement, and I was told" that "they were well attended and all seemed to be alive to their diity; health seemed to be apparent everywhere; molasses-- making, and haying all seemed to be full of business, as always is the : case with the much abused "Mormons." "" With kind regards and --suqeess for the always welcome little valuable ExroNEXT,I of breakfast and. putting things straight we are amongst the moskeet f0T the day. Now - bushes, also the cactus of various kinds, and We now beautiful flowers of lovely hues. come to the Casas Grande River and noon; we are delighted with the many varieties of wild grapes, while the foliage, and gather some birds make a terrible chattering, for. fear we might take all; ihe curious turtle is seen 1 ican s travel i n g,--II here." We meet-th- e - fi rs an old wagonrtwo yoke of cattle, one horser the whole family of a dozen; and then to drive the team, two on one side and one on the other, We several .children in the rear following. he aoon come to the guide; accompanies us the remainder of the way; camped with us. Next morning, Aug. 16, we halted opposite Diaz. Our eon, the Bishop, came and took me to Diaz, while the rest went to La Ascension to pass through the custom house, all arriving at 12 o'clock in the little settlement of Diaz, 'where we were kindly greeted by friends aud relations, and to rest after our long, tedious - round ' ' r Your sister in the Gfispel, - remain, ; ; . : ' . - " FEW STRICTURES BY MR. "A HOUSE, EX-M- . STEN-- 7 Saints,-polyga- my P. P. . To The Editor ofThe. Vancouver World -- I have first of all to congratulate you on the success ot your new venture in journalistic enterprise, a sample of which 1 am delighted to receive. It is "true your politics would seem to have undergone some modificationbut what matters ? Consistency, in these days, is no proof of sincerity, while its oppo site is often redeemed by the noblest attributes of patriotism. You must allow me, however, to3 take exception to an article which appears, under the head of ''Horrors of Mormon ism," in your weekly edition of November 1, though I hope I am not expected to notice at any length the strangely obscene talk of Mrs. A. Newman, before an assembly of ladies in New York. No wonder it elicited, as we are told, "exclamations of Jiorror from all parts ofJhe and such allusions are house." never heard among the Latter Day Saints, but are common enough probably in the more modern quarters of Salt Lake City, where the "Missionaries to Utah," hook their fish and call them "Mormons." Toiind such Mormons it is not necessar? for any one but a missionary to go so far as Utah. We have some very good fellows in the Northwest, :'.who had earned the playful long before prefix of "Mormon" . T 1. iL uwu me tue arrival or me genuine siock. xu TTiU ' lioa !i Sir: -- : journey. After a week in Diaz, I will try and describe the secluded settlement a, few Latter Day Saints away in this far off land. The - streets are laid out as our eilie3 are usually. Main Street run3 North and South, with hadetreesof -- Cottonwood on either jidej. and a water ditch on each street. The garden abounds in all kinds of vegetables; including the delicous water melon in abundance; also fruit trees and flowers of gay gorgeous hues, that make the paths look lovely with an eye to home adornment. The houses are buil t of adobies, very large ones, also the fences and mostly. The weather was not so warm as we exnected to find it:' the nights were cool and pleasant. We took atrip tothe W among the upper settlement G mountains; three days travel over "beautiful country, passed several Mexican towns very ramirallv hnilt and laid out. Their churches. their mode of worship was explained to us, all of which seemed very singular and simple. In the town i3 a fine building built for our dear departed brother,. Apostle E. Snow, and also many nice houses, fields, gardens, and orchards, with the beaulifuTriver Casas Grande running through it; we spent six days there with warm friends, and feasted on sweet potatoes and melons, and returned home through as de-lightful a valley as I ever s, aw, and passed the first place the Saints settled; and had to leave. We caught fish and duck; and had the pleasure of seeing the majestic century plant growing in its native state and beauty. We felt well paia jtor pur trip around. 1 must say something f the. ruins; we passed one town all in ruins, it looked so lonely; also' some very large ruins which appear to have been a temple centuries ago, and many mounds on be! ng opened are found cooking vessels of an extinct people, curious shapes and various sizes. Oa our return we were surprised to note the growth oif the garden and shade trees. Our stay in Mexico wa3 seven weeks; when we left cu r dear ones to return, children and grand children, o ur sons and o th ers ameto Dem in g wit h us, : -- 4 out-house- free-bor- n . Such-languag- s . s tir,nr, - TH E ANN U AL- WAS II INGTON -- i- -- fnrmnn mAdl' The National Woman Sufirage Association will meet in Washington, D. C., January 21st, 22nd, and 23rd, 1889, at the Congregational Church, corner of G. and 10th streets. Delegates from all the states are invited to be present. The question of uniting the two societies will be again under consideration, as the rcsolutions passecLat the recent annual meeting of the American society, held at Cincinnati, demand some action on the part of theNa-tiona- l Association. For this and other reasons a large gathering of the friends of this move. : ment is desirable. succession these convenFor twenty years in tions have been held at the national capital, with hearings before committees of the Senate and House judiciary, and able minority report- sthereon, which have been extensively circulated throughout the nation, and thus a great educa tional work has been accomplished. We see the effect in the extension of the suffrage to woman, and a growing interest on her part in , public affairs. In the presidential canvass just endedj women have taken a more active part than ever before, and shown that they are by no means a unit on political questions. For the first time large delegations ofVomen have marched with banners, in various processions, and spoken on rnmrnprpinl value, only to be appreciated by the despairing missionary wnen his report is overdue. It the had one of Mrs. 1 Newman utterances putrid ... . ... 1 r rain of solid truth, I would assuredly quit tne priesthood and the communion of the Mormon Chureh before theradvent of another day. It is the only church in Christendom, as far. as T know, where immorality of the laity, as well as of the clergy, is punished by excommunication. ' the Your assumption that I preside-av- er Latter Day Saint3 in the Northwest is quite erroneous. Our President U Mr. "C. 0. Card, of the late Brigham Young and' a the first Mormon, as it happens, that I was privileged to meet. Our church has no lack of giants both in mind and stature, many of whom are the product of our much decried rbave been the most polygamynd: iOvoukr Neither among politicians, nor women them- ridiculoiw thing in the world had' the local selves, is this in any sense a party movement. presidency been assigned to an obscure monogamindividual like the late member for While the prohibition party incorporated ous-born woman suffrage in it3 platform, the Republicans ' Comox. of Kansas .made it a fact by extending municiTn another article you quote, pal suffrage" to the woman of that state. The complacency, the last report of the Democrats of Connecticut on several occasions . .. . , 11' t Tl i j.l xui. nuuiau cuuiac wunc Xfct;iJauucaU3 t Hi a i i fier en not OU1Vt TUieS tttG CnUTCU UUl VULCU a v foil r XUt'J nlaysp journeydf voted againstTt In the NewYork Legislature route back home, we had the pleasure of seeing governs the state, A'c, tc." Well, and what We returned from Deniing then ? Will it surprise your readers to learn Republicans and Democrats have alike advocamQJQ country ted and --voted J'or the .measure. In Congr;43 m we tent; the' weather was stormy part of Ihat hora priestr bishop orrpresident can be orthe way. At Alberquerque we saw the Pueblo dained or continued in" office without the the last vote in the House wa3 eighty Repub licans in open Indians, and bought grapes, peaches, and spenrorthe people expressed and not a single Democrat voted in applet of them. We reached Salt Lake City meeting ? Or will it stun you to hear that on against it, favor of it on the floor of the Senate. Both Oct. 15th, made a short visit there, and left on all such questions the ladies thepoor downthe 24tK Af AAf fftr Krtmp" flrrivpd Nov. 9th. trodden women of Utah have an euaLvorce the Labor and Greenback J parties have uni formly recognized woman suffrage in their well satisfied with pur journey and visit to old flip men ? If there ".is any church in Canada Mexico. At each settlement I was pleased to i wWp iho. Iadie3 and the laity have more power platforms. There are movements now in the political I eball be glad to hear of it see that the little paper Exponent was highly over their clergr, ' , . CON-VENTIO- e !'. - - son-in-la- w -- : ' . : with-amusi- ng anti-Mo- wmed '- r- it v I . by-v- ote v-J'- h i -- to: f - J. C Joitnson. t-- Mex book-o- travels lately published by Phil. Robinson J a Gentile, and a man of the. world, entitled "Sinners and Saints," (Boston: Roberts Brothers). No oho can read, the book without indeed a "seeker feeling - that Hthe author-- is He flatters ijnqUher sjnner nor after truth! ho catered for ef(he"r,: his book saint. Had ' ' would have sold better. One word as to polygamy; and here I wish to be 'understood that I ain now speaking for myselfLalone not as a Mormon, but as a man. Everybody knows that the criminal element in -bigauiy -- is the deception which is practiced on oneT1 and sometimes two, of the three parties interested. r rAmontp the Latter-Day-- 1 can only be contracted by all who are concerned in it. I have still to graduate in monogamy;, but when Thave once attained such eminence, it is not the action or opinion of intermeddling governments that will deter honors in matrimony. , me froln seeking higher As a Briton, I shaU certainly claim equal rights with the Indian, Mahommedan, and other subjects of Her Majesty. You will, therefore, understand once for all, and quite apart from any doctrine supposed to be taught by Mormons, that monogamy, though consecrated by' centuries of triumphant' error, is yet very far from defining the creed or prescribing the practice of your very laithfurservant, . A. Maitland Stexhouse. ' Cardston, Alberta, Canada. Nov. 1G,T 888. ' -- to a 1 -- 1 1 " 