WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 04 be getting dreadful late and wonders if the, girls Several delays occur and' finally we are iust starting out when "will be upr ; We get home at last, 11.15 p. m. a voice from the outride a.ks if Mrs. Myron find the girls up and supper waiting. We sit Tanner is in here. I Fay that is ray name and down to supper and he asks the blessing. The horn e, ask if he has cotndfor. nie.j 1 f'e jphes. Jh at. Jrst J)lei5dngJJiiive iieariL since leaving at though; my friends all profiss religion.- It gives the he has and T get out-o- f the time that the American Hotel btfs lost one me a very comfortable homelike feeling. His filth er gets u p to welcome me"and "after supper - customer. He tells rne to wait on the plat I am shown to a clean comfortable room and I form while he brings the horse around. I recog nize in hira the man I spoke toon the platform. go to rest feeling that I am among friendly, with of a buckboard Presently he annears good people. Caleb's home is a. mile farther. Balton June 16, 1S85. Get up late this ancient and uncertain appearance drawn by a hor?e which to ride after might lay one liable to mornitHr feeline" wearvJ after rayJ locrI ride. Calf for rrueltv to animals Mv TirfWppnfjnn bs mother, - . heart , am introduced- to' . ...... ,.iwho - is a tall iiv vv-- v fails iue for a moment and I feel that possibly" slim elderly woman, very quiet and pleasant in I am. in a Meliraa." However, I yield to the her ways. She gives me a kind welcome and is elad to see one of her sisters family. Ihe force of circumstances aud allow him to help atter the vehicle and whi- e we are beiniro i men are all rcone to their work and mft into ... ..,...--.--. I whirled avay. he very politely informes me breakfast Kebecka, or. as she is called in the to hear it and I am iglad Ann goes down to the pond that he is Caleb. family. Becky . . ,i I . i: ... . i - . T t Ti it i me m Lrindi v ei ouire wiia our rejauonsnm raav ne. i with me. xroui juais.e, nunl is it is canea husband's a pretty body of water;two miles long and half he is Caleb Putney snof mv He " - says , ! 1 V I I l I i i! it .trees, TUa mile wide xneir uume surroumieu wnn Aunt iiaria, anu icus me mat nc nas a oroiner , and two sisters-- In the meantime darkness" j h duty IS. garnering arouuu us uim we nave a uue oi l owing to ine iniCK grqwin or ousnes we uauuui ten miles oerore us. xenquire n me road is see it from the house. I think I should like to' pood and receive an affirmative answer. There see meiro-- j mat maKes sucn a greai noise oui he is rather shv and we cannot find one. We is no moon and the sky 13 cloudy, as we enter the woods and drive between rows of tall trees take a - walk in the woods and pick winter- i l. ri f .t it 13 sometimes so dark'that we cannot see the green, ine iragraux leaves or wnicn are tenner .horse. We necessarily travel rather slowly, and sweet, the berries are nearly gone but now and our long and somewhat and then a red berry rewards our search. is frequently interrupted by an apostraphy to After dinner Caleb comes over and gets his the horse. "Get up there vou ohl lazy if you father's horse and buggy and takes me to Lake don t go taster l snau nave io wmp you areaa- - George. It is a pleasant ride: through the r.-i i Little boats are kept there for rowing on Ihe" lake; which is certainly a very pleasant pastime. A steamboat comes puffing toward the landing and our horse gets restive, so we get in .the buggy and start for home. .She tj trOiS nicely nuuo cuoniuio iuu tugiuo u.iiu behave a steamboat well to be would think it .. retreat. me in the last cab on the line. cab-thinkin- g ' 1 '- -k i- . 1 . , 1 ' 1 -- - 1 -- -- ce 7 . , r air and they all have some joke to make about 'Utah. - It rains a little before we get home. -- J-- -J i . , the way. We stop at. the post-offito get some stamps and mail some letters. hind us II. b , Y. li. - - Jirlr ' - - - ft ATTAIN IJ IVA. r- t- - yN wv BEAVER STAKE. Editor Woman's Exponent: The stake conference of the R. Sjconvened "AligusrT2th7in the L. D. S. Meeting hou3e, Beaver City. President Lucinda Howd pre- OIUILJI the opening exercises the presidents of the various branches gave their reports.showing "that a.portiori of the sisters are alive to their duties and helping to care for the poor and AfteY - sick. Sifters Zina Young and Minerva Snow being present addressed the conference both forenoon and afternoon. Sister Zina Young was happy to meet with the sisters. "It is a duty to meet together and if we wish to live happy we must make our duties our pleasures. r We are the daughters . . t " T 1 ... TT' oi uou anu we must acKnowieuge xiis goodwoods.. be fiHel with inness and mercy. is here with all hills; and woods, country here tegrity toward Hira for.lt 13 worth more than and there a rock thrown in. The rock is black the riches of this world a3 it will lead us back, to size from trunk and the of a into the presence of God. We must be united ranges granite the size of a house, or as the boy said "about and make our home3 happy and pleasant. We as big a3 a lump of chalk," which may be quite nrp. weaving t.bft wph nf lifA nnrl top musf trxr i tir canit at tne old Homesteadt to make it smooth and as denuite; beautiful1; without-slip--kno- ts thatLFather Tanner used to own, and where or ragged edges. Be pure and 6haste in born. was husband The the of our thoughts and actions. Never indulge in lady my house, Mrs. Vandenberg is very pleasant and enyjj hate,-o- r any ugly feeling, a3 such things w" shows us through all the rbomi'atid tells us the are opposed to the spirit o f Go d." r'''.."":'" alterations that have been made. The kitchen Our children must be testeel as we are being and woodshed," (everybody here has a wood- - tested and we must iortify them with good dnTelh-filledrwitrisvrt principle. Fill up their minds with good so taken from the west side and built on the there will not be room for the bad." Speaker south end, making the whole house face the read the T3thCharh of 1st Corrinthians on street which run3 east of the house, between it charity, and commented at some length showand the Lake. The portico is taken away and ing the beauty of that principle. The revelaa porch built; thfe whole length, which makes a tion gien to Emma Smith through Joseph the the Seer, in Harmony, Susquehanna Co.y Penn., lovely place to" sit in the afternoon,-witbeautifuTlaleTpWadbljt before lii and the July, 1830, was also read. "These things mountains, thickly covered with trees on the teachus to beware of vanity and pride and h side. as been cleave unto the covenants- we have "made. I opposite newly weatherboarded and painted white. Since would rather suffer death than to miss the asso Father Tanner left there with his family fifty ciation of my husband in the eternal world." years ago, considerable ot the land ha3 been Speaker referred to many grand principles and sold in' small lots and quite a village now keys and showed how" it .is only by being stands on what used to be known as the Tanner humble, wise, and faithful in the things Farm. A large hotel stands on the bank of of God that wepure, can receive an exaltation. the lake a few rods east of the house, known Sister Minerva Snow felt rather weak in con as the "Balton House," and a steamboat land- sequence of the accident she had received but there. Mrs. V. takes me down to was thankful she was able to be de present. Acthe lake and shows me through the hotel. knowledged the hand of God and said Sister --From the obser va tf ry we ha ve a fine view of Zraahad been called by the priesthood to the surrounding country. She invites me to over the Belief Societies throughout preside spend a few days with her and visit various and her counsel was dictated by the of interest.- We go fromT there and call points spirit of God. "We have been sent here to fill rr iff. on ..Honran lanner. a erandson of mv hu. a mission and if we desire to fill it to the honor band's uncle, Pardon Tanner. He is of medium and glory of our Heavenly Father we must size, dark complexion with-ke- en hi ark-- pvp not spend our time in idleness. Remember about thirty years of age aud a widower. T God mthe days of prosperity and Ho will not tell hira I am looking up family history and be forget us in the hours of darkness." promises to help meall he can. From there Spoke of outside influences and the attempts we go to Green Island. It once belonged tv of our enemies to lead bur children astray the Tanner estate. It h now laid out in Darks their , love of pleasure. We must through and groves and a fine hotel, and some cottages teach our children to pray, to resist terapta-Uo- n are built there as it Is a fashionable summer and to keep their spirits and bodies pure, mort. llirow; around them the arms of love "and has a steamboat landing and is connected with kindness and teach them to lean upon God. the mainland by brife It is calleil the We are blessed above all women e tpon-thSagamore, and i3 certainly a lovely (Summer face of the earth. We have been organized t,., lively-conversatio- i - . iui..wiu. n ' ; - . : I am asked many questions about Utah and A !nAhi ! in m a tl An nri tran a m - ma a a quaiuted with the history of the family at Home. 'TKerfl hfld hppn-- ft fjimilv r.onnnil hold jibnuf coming to meet me. "Father" paid I would in the morning and they come up on4he-bo- at "would meet me at the landing. But he thought I would not like to stay at a hotel among strangersrwbich I assure him I was decidedly- - -- 1 We--mu- It st . - we .. : The seat of our conveyance has scarcely any back and he is very anxious lest I should go -- -e- me if I fall and break my neck. ; Box me up arid send me' back.-t- o Utah, I say, but he would rather send me back alive, and so en- joines me to be very careful not to fall, even 11 1 miuK mere is any aanger, to Hold ouenng, . r 7i ii. i. .il 'vi . ,i versation he enquires if I ara sleepy and me not to fall off. I am certainly not sleepy. The situation is so novel, the ' . . en-join- surround-insotraugealld'Tliera- es rr so bracing alter The hot day's ride, and the conversation of my companion so (what shall I say) exhilerating that altogether I seem possessed of a spirit of fun, and almost fancy myself a girl again. I learn that he is the only ore of his fathers children that has married though David and Rebecka ar? both older than he. That he bar five child ren i ving and ha3 bu rried oneThaLl-ingiaJnahis girls are dreadful good singers. That his motherls ajd read fu lgood womanJ That his horse is dreadful poor. Father would not let his horse come because it was afraid of the train. lie has no horse, but a yoke of cattle and .the boy jclai ms them. He al so has som e sheep and the boy claims them. I see some water and ask if that is Lake George. No that is only "the pond." He will take me to 1 Lake Georgejii tWrnornin.j I helar:ajcoar5eu gfum voTceand ask 'wharis that?'' Why! Did L never hear ar that is a g before? I supposed I never bad if that was the kind of noise they made. Our frogs in Utah made a different noise. They were a small green frog. "A m I afrai(i2" "Oh no, riot of a But I am beginning' to think the ride "dreadful" long, for I am getting "dreadful" tired. He thinks it mut bull-frog- .- - bull-frog."- " buTl-fro- m KrjrLlCIo h -- . -- the-worl- - s d 