r-- f ' l : 3. 128 - - i insr an annual fee of one dollar into the from Harmonica Band, etc. The children all took their parts splendidly, and did credit, to " themselves by singing and speaking go well.' It would be uiijust Jo mention any names, as all ' did so well. v Alter me exercises erc, iuiuuu wnu, guw old. Santa Claus made his appearance, took down the curtain fromt a well loaded Christmas tree, and with his aids distributed presents to. e into.-th- d -- - : , r : nt To- - the Officers of tue National man J Wo- - Training School for Furses -- Suffrage Association: months since addressed a personal letter to each officer-o- f the Association, requeuing her views as to the most ellecuve metnoas or. worK during the ensuing year. ThilTwas done" that from the collective wisdom so garnered, the executive committee could formulate the best plans for advancing our reforms.- . It was asked that replies should be in of the secretary by January 10, 1889, in order to give time fox their digest and due arrangement; it is hoped this lias already been done. But should any official thus" far have fail (I toT reply"sli e i V begged for lihimmedia ie response letters to be sent to Mrs. Rachel Foster-AverRiggs House, Washington D. are requested to make C. All short succinct reports (replies to be sent as of the work dono.in their respective above) .. 1 ' ' iL i j J states ana territories uuriug tne past year. It is through such general interest shown at convene lhetime of our annual-Washin1 T f tion, that our reiorm progresses, it is nopeu that a large number of delegates elected upon the new Basis of Representation will be pres-en- t . j , lhT i at once I heard sweet music and singing. Openfrom ing the door I saw 'five little boys, aged Eix to eight, with drums and banjo, and sa'ch sunny faces, and they saluted me. with, "A Merry Christmas to you." I felt and said, "God bless all the dear children!" To me it was like bread cast upon the waters, found on a Chrictmas. morning. I want you to- - know, y, 1 Let-th- is ' - -- i -- 1 Matilda Jost.vn . (tAGE, Chairman Ex. Com. zzl sity W. Eaeh vicB'PresidenlrO :aL shall (after consultation with, and. with the approval of .the, Executive Committee for State or Terntory appoint delegates to me annual Washington Convention from such members r State or orthe NAYr SA'-ras- ; Territory. titled to Eaih Stat0i)r"Territory shall-be-al reside-in-he- en i ' j , Associa-tioAny State (or Territorial) Suffrap which is auxiliary to the N. W. S. A., 'shall send two delegates by virtue of such auxiliaryship, aud shall appoint them at its annual convention. Any State (or Territorial) Suffrage Association rjrnVauxiliary to the N. W. S. A., n . by the paymeiitof TwenTy-fiy- e percentrbrits .Any individual may become a mend)er of the N. AV. S. A , by pay- r annual membership-feesr- pf-Luu- d,-i Sweden. r r SALT LAKE CITY- - The Leading' Retail onse E.E,THOiIAS Special to the Ladies. - in .' There are about 70,000 in all France there are nearly VVsflTfMfY wftmnmiT9 crwl-- i - n- -t ft f n dnstrv.'1 r- TEASDE L'S AT; Willbeltound if ' latest style3acd There are more than 2,700,000 women in Belgium engaged in industrial pursuits, mostly very poorly paid. But when one woman asksT to be a lawyer a profession in which ability. commands honor and nrofit her anhlication is is refused by the court, and she is told that a womah'sTsphere is to marry, not to labor for '.' her own support. ; y The omen's Medical College of Philadelphia is in its thirty-nintvear, and is the LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, : PARASOI, r FANS, GLOVES, COLLARS TIES RIBBONS, lace-make- rs To Chairman of Committee: ; Eleven women are studying in the Univer- : -- EMPORIUM . Pike. PROPOSED AMENDMENT OF BASIS OF REPRESENTAT ON FOR one delegate P. Hughes, M.D. EAGLE session of the Fiftieth "Congress be NOTES AND NEWS. the-Nation- Martha . also made memorable through tbedarge number of individual petitions .for the removal of .political disabilities, as recommended in the present year. Such petitions are in the highest degree educational both .to Congress and the country, going through the associated press to all" parts of the. United States. f ers .' . - :::i.:W.:S,: At,-- 188fet 85.00. TTITKKY, For further Information, address, DR. M. P. HUGHES, Salt Lake City, Utah. Pi O. Box 575, Or for personal interview, at office, at 2 p.m., at rCorTof South :Temple anxl First East St. gton -- Emma 1 j . s- ' n vice-president- s ttor hat?-- 1 heseboy - bebngtw-th- e Sixth Ward Primary of Logan, and their names are, three little John Benches, Chatley Thorp and Willard Jones. x How sweet it is to' be remembered by the boys uf the Pri mary l Jlayjuey live long to do good, and obey their parents and ho kind to the'poor and'tfo aged; and I want to.express A Happy New Year to all the Primary children, and also to the old and .young, through the medium of the Exponent. -- Our Primary is in a healthy condition, and and children, and I well attended wish A Happy New! ear to the ipon est. by-offic- will-ope- bt-hool- ds beautiful Christmas morning bright and -while I sat quietly "thinking of the many children that .were made glad by 'kind old Santa Claus, and wondei ing if the teachers of a Trainings School fpr Nurses; the object being to make educated nurses of women ami girls, and prepare them for competent work either in hospital or private be furnished practice, W that skilled srvie-ca-n and good pay demanded. The instruction will1 be arid similar to that of the Boston Training will occupy a period of three months. Those hot course, prepared to enter at the beginning of the will be lecturer and so do preceding later, may can also made up to them. Special arrangements be made for obstetrical teaching. On February 4tb, 1SS9, 1 The Secretary of the --N. W. S. A. some the-han- ft . " PRIMARY BOYS, Mrsr-E- d addr' OFFICIAL. NOTICE. Counselors. Mary A. Beebe, . . . Minerva Pratt, President, Eleanek Spfxdlove, - ' Lide Mpri'Vether, president of the jyi;. nessee" V.' C. T. "U., in her annual before the State Convention of KnoxVille, urged the importance of the problem of working- t -girls' wages in connection with theHvork of social purity. She tells of a letter written by of. Auburn, Mass., to a young working-gir- l her mother, not complainiiigly, but as a simple matter of fact, saving, "I am doing stockipg .".and.get fourteen... cents, a dozen.. It takes me two good days to do one dozen, but I am going to try to ,do more next week.'' This is no exceptional incident,' but oiie of many. Ex. Louisa Soutiiwortii. We : '- " ' lIrs. NationalTreaiury. " . . frac-ltionthereof,ip- unani-mous76use- and happy. The children wereab.entreatd: -t- o candy, cakes and nuts, after which Bishop V L. W- - Beebe made closing remarks; expressed himself as much pleased with the. entertainment, and asked the blessing of God upon all ' ." present.' y All the - ward turned out, the house was -'- Medicine." ex-ojj- were .iiphans, alsoour missionaries littleones made-Iakindly remembered, and' all wfrc long be remembered by our little folks. remain, a3 ever, Your sisters, ; recommen ded by the institution. Air effort is beinir ma le to endow a Chair of "Preventiv e 13 y. All officers of the X. Y. S. A. 'shall be delegates at large with the power to vote. Members who are neither officers nor duly accredited delegates, may be present at businessneettngs, but (with the exception of meiiibefsfrora"isolated States or territories where there, 13 no Suffrage society) such members sh all speak and vote only by the :':rv" of thdelegationr7 noneforgoitenjjjje 7 Trea-sur- Each State (or Territory) may send one dollars, or delegate for every twenty-fiv- " " WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Nor-jindy7i- nd ia-- --- J' pi oductions -- in A nd a n el egan t ass ortraeaf of 1 IT - peiardepartmeiitr foir Ladies' Misses' and Shoes. rrfO7ItBrn8; East Temple Street h, largest women's medical college inTthe world. It matriculates this year 10 students, among whom are one each from Japan, China and Australia, the others being from nearly every State in the UntpnXts course consists of three years, with an additional year's study wMchJs optiohal with the students hut which ...LaD--VII- JAliE3 D- 2z 'CO., T4MHERS CAS.VATER & STEAM FITTERS RUXISES celebrated LIFT and FOH. PUMPi. Pumps Repaired on short notice. Orders ej-Age- nt for n-- the country promptly respondett riUmvtiri Box 'SCS. toi EiLT ' tilt r OH, E . 