WOMAN'S EXPONENT. WHITE CHRYSANTHEMUMS.' 123 Will have to look out for a Juvenile Jam, For there'll be a troop of them.' little and teg; ah tumbling and jumping or dancing a jig. .There's all of Sam's,-- ' with.yoaqg Sam. at the head,;:; Propitiousall of the "trundle bed," ; VV'itlLlklla's andJ&StieX and how many more -" Are coming along from th) heavenly shore?; - Andalltiie homelessr you know are mine, "There'll be quite a few of them to dine C Minnie and Belle the shall be To receive our guests to the Christmas tree; And Nettie shall sing, . lie still "Hush, my dear, : : Holy angels guard thy bed Heaejiljjjlessings without number, Gently falling on thy head-- ' the side of the road. It took but little stretch of the imagination to .convert the rocks' at its submit into multitudes.'pf people, some gaily and others grotesquely attired; one figure" in attentionr thatoffliL. particular attracted-ra- y oldnmdewraMeVouk-aterlrr-an-old- fashioned, straight backed arm chair, just as I have seen in pictures; some elegantly dressed ladies just out on a shopping expedition. Buty I shall tire your readers,, so adieu for the 1 : Born of the clouds and thedarkness, the frostsand the early snow; When the sumnfer blob'rnsJiaye jaded, blow.- The beautiful Ch "'0 rist-flowe- rs , through the budding springtime, Ail through the summer's heat, Ail through the autumn's glory, "They hide, their blossoms sweet. But when the earth is lonely, And the bitter north winds blow, W ith a smile of cheer for the dear old year, ,1 he Christmas blossoms blow.- - - " All -- (o present.- - , -- and-slumbe- " dream of" sum mef,"7"" r White as the drifting snow;: When our hearts are filled with grieving, The beautiful Christ-floweblow. south-wind'- s all the wooing" $o secret heart; Opens thejr Slender they grow and stately, . life Guirding their apart. & - But when tne earth Is drearyp fc j And heavy clouds hang" low, n With their tender cheer fjr the year, The Christmas blossoms blow. - "weet "aTlhe - ; 1 It Editor Mexico, and nearly Christmas, the' time of "reace on earth, sood will Jd men. - now strange the changes which' occur, and we notice them more when Christmas time comes, as we look hack from year to year, conning over the gay-anmerry time of childhood, and the none the less enjoyable occasions of more mature years; such a train of tliought is awakened that it becomes a task to write, unless one had a gift for dotting down one's thoughts as they come, " d " st appreciatedhan would be more costly ones. ; .'And after all a view of the fine display and magnificent arrav of Christmas goods in the show windows of Salt Lake, and that delight of childhood, the Christmas tree," with riis wpicrht of ood thincs, cannot alone bring happiness even to our little ones. By the way ot (Jhnstmas trees nere, irtney there do lack the trimmiiig, for this is a land of nines- - we certainlv have some magnificent scenery here, and when viewed either in the daytime by the light of the glorious sunshine, or by the light of the full round moob, it seems tn irip it. would be hard to excel the crags and tall, naaks of the maiestic mountains,-thstraight pines casting their shadows eastward, anct the evergreen oaKs wnu wen mij&., ums. foliage," and over all the clear blue sky, the twinkling stars, and mellow light of the moon, th rmppn of ni?ht. forms a scene which is indescribably lovel and has a charm tor me which I cannot explain. aT . 11 ri And-pra- . 1 lit.' 1 - children, at the earnest solicitation 01 my boys, and haverjgoyed it very .mucn; their favorite peak, almost solid rock .comseemingly, and yet with soil enough. for .a, growth of trees, and from paratively-thictcMpIi We r'an trace the winding of the river, the "Peadris Verde," and across thatj perhaps a t;iA nr two' distant, a large group of curious look i n cr rocks, perfectly bare of vegetation, which look' like so many old castles of every tihrl nnd descrintion. I felt well paid for the climbing, and returnTwiili a bouquet of dry grass, oak leaves,7 etirand several varieties of am thinking now of the children all, ith a loving wish for both large and small; we-climb- J0lnKjhe first of ourprecious band, Bom upon Zion's favored. '1 . land, her colors be firm and true. And the crown of the victor awaiteth you . -' t-- k hath a place in my inmost heaSr7 et appoint To take the .1-- " our committee nere,'J. ' lead in our reunion cheer . amie and Susie, Jen and Fan find a better one if you can), Z ......J the two Johns and Vaughan, that's seven, Or had we not better have eleven? ; v1, ForGeorgie and Lucy, Alex and Sam : 1131 uccaauu beaUUIUl moss irum .tiie r lmay - iA j Ill-time- d ng . , ,'J ''Simple Simon met a pieman Goinj? to the Fair; iuuii.a. ; we weeks few a here passed On our wav ago ot one:: peak o:rthi3range mountains, wnicn saw Lever before, was differenti to anything 1 f t towering perhaps hve bunurea leet .aDove.us at v Said Simple, Simon to the pieman vV; Let me taste your ware; . Smd the pieman to Simple Simon, ; '. Show mefirst your, penny; Said Simple Simon, to the pieman, Indeed I have not any.' " ; . v ' : . .' , Milliner. MISCELLANEOUS. e W There's Belle an d Ne ttie, and j Minnie dear, Have helped to brighten my pathway here. Soon again may we have our Christmas tree ; Al together, and let me see eome-- into this comcoming for men munity as business mennutf 'bueupatrpntzed-bthe people to turn round and berate those who have .never done aught against them, merely, it would appear, for the sake'of popularity. What other motive could prompt men-whose business interests are here, to go east and voluntarily try to suggest a "holy crusade" "against a practice already:legislated upon severely by tlie Congress of the United States. and in very bad taste are all such speeches. Whoever 'tries to climb up by pulling another .down, will surely meet hi3 just deserts. It is in keeping with some others, however, who wield the pen more than the, needle, who,-liviamong the "Mormons," receiving their patronage, associating with them-i- n ucighborhooda socially, and depending for friendly aid and assistance in them upon times of sickness, are, constrained from their very "love of popularity,' to misrepresent them through the press and in public assemblies, because it is the fashion. Now one can see plainly that milliners must be a la mode,' and therefore perhaps should be excused, but what Presidengrievance had this man. to present to the t-elect? had Gen. Harrison inquired "What have ycm If 0 oii pi ain of in Uta h? M h e :wou ! d doubtles have been forced to acknowledge, like the other ; si raple Simon, "Indeed I have not .. ... any. i3Iack . -- B& eac ' - . yi.uvn more-rCiulable-thanIL- feelL . ray Chxistihas letter, you have been for. worse or for better; God grant that has all gone bye, That.uthe better 'twill be fri the, year drawing nigh;. Tis the birthday of Jesus, sweet peace to the soul He can give, though dark billows may over us roll, .Let us thank Him for all of His mercy and lore, He may guide us still onward above. The past year brought shadow, but, too, it brought ligh t , The gleams of the morning still follow the night. Twas bard when another was called from the fold, When the eold earth claimed our Mattie to hold; But we all know she's called back unto God, o tfTe the casket that 'neath 7 sod. sleeps ' Close, close by her mother, "whose last earthly care,. Was for.the frail Mattie who needed her : care, Again can I hear her wild, pitiful cry, "Oh, God! I can't live if my mother should die." Don't think I am sorrowful, no, when I think Of the joining again of that severed link, I forget our own loss, our sorrow and pain, gain; ...L!ow ni them, 'tis .1 will not turn back IheTeaves of the past. The light and the shadow over them cast. For we have shared them all together, if and m aking-the- capable"of nioiug. Where are the playmates of childhood? the companions of youth? Time has no doubt brought . changes to them us great a3 to us. How are the absent loved ones,- and how will they spend, the holidays, are queries often put bv the children, bless them ! Christmas ha3 a charm for happy, innocent childhood, no matter how simple the preparations, how limited the presents, the fact that they are made by loving hands, makes them. I sometimes think, more m- . As in life J is very ridiculous and altogether unbe- -- 'of AT THE RANCH E. " Woman's Exponent; Weill here I am. awav un in the mountains . Selected. . ,: - -- CHRISTMAS TIME IN MEXICO. rs the-wor- Sierra Madre Mountains, Mexico, Dec. 23, ,;wfro-hav- e, Sweetest of all consolers ! Fairest of flowers that grow ! When hopes and flowers have faded, The beautiful Christ-floweblow. Bright in the cottage window,' Sweet in the darkened room. Fair in the shortened sunlight, I.wate yottas om-i- ; S. E. R. 25th, i883. -Dec. way-wor- Cheering the dusky gloom. -hearts are lonely ' Ohj- when-ou- r And clouds of care hang low, What blessed cheer for, our dying year, ' The Christmas blossoms blow ! . Kate. ' ; 1888. rs : v - : No man can answer for his own valor or courage till he has been in dange rliochefou- caultrr ; - Drinking water neither makes a man sick, nor in debt, nor his wife a widow. Spanish Maxim. ; --- :'-' -- 1 i- There seera to be but three ways for a nation to acquire wealth: thefirst is by war, as the Romans did,: in plundering Jheir conquered neighbors this is robbery; the second by which is generally cheating; the third by agriculturethe only honest way wherein a -- com-merc- e, , into the ground,is in a kind of continual miracle, wrought by the hand of God in his favor, a3 a reward for his innocent life and his virtuou3 v in d miry.rr?I?mnJcUn: .0 The State University ot Oregon has 15 women students- - . . . :' -- s . 7. - - - rm j V 'Mrs. Ed nab D. Cheney is to write the life of . Louisa M. Alcott. " . 