WOMAN'S EX FO N ENT.: 78 in ing and partake of the good spirit, rejoiced " the Gospeland fedrhappy in the performance of duty from day to day. l' t .... ... l Pres. Mary John, Utah Stake, felt it a great aomm, wniie ner nusDaau says sue wurK3.iiuuct than he does and is just as capable of managing a honor to be one of the Relief Society and in her school as he is. How unjust! Is it not time that take an active part in this great work durable way; had visited all the branches out women awake from the in all; Sister Zina. two. there were twenty-twand that binds well qualified, and as capable a teacher as her "husband; whois also a teacher; buithe WsteesyaU being men, will not pay her half a? much as they 1 " M 1 1. lethargy-and-indifferei- - ice them, employ every legitimate. means within their power to emancipate their sex. May our association prove a success in accom- plishing the ends for which It was organized. tlTE. Teasdale. RELIEF SOCIETY CONFERENCE. . The first - Serai Annual Conference "of the Relief Society was held in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall in this City on Monday. Oct. 7, -- 1 889 commencing at ten a. m. Mrs. Zina D. Young presiding, lhere was a good the hall being pretty well filled. Meet ing opened, by fiinging the hymn beginning "Let us pray gladly pray" etc. Pray er. was ; offered by jyirs. S. M, Kimball Continued with singing. - t r "Now let us rejoice in the day of salvation' The secretary then. presented the names of the officers of the Central Board as follows and they were unamimously sustained. President Zina D. H. Young,First Counselor Jane S. Richards, Second Counselor Bathsheba W. Smith, Secretary Sarah M. Kimball, Ass t. Sec. Romania B. Pratt, Corv Sec Emmeline B. Wells, Treasurer M. Isabella Home. --The names of the Stake Presidents of the- Relief. Society were then Tread and they were sustained by vote ot.the Uonierence. An address of welcome wasr made by, the President in which she invoked the blessing of heaven upon all the congregation and greeted .V " them most cordial! v. nave words ot encourage ment, and told them she felt herself surrounded bv Eves vea even the aueens of this world and believed that the works and labors which they would perform, would entitle them to occupy' o ot the had beerf with them in visitingr-spoktake to sisters the Woman' 8 Exponent urging it. and read it. that they.roight be posted upon e -- wlt- wfMnfrflone--here-and-elsewhereT-i- , t-i ft - .1 m the Mancos and Burnham wards, spoke of the disadvantages under . which the sisters labored in that Stake because of the great distances to v . be traversed to come together. Sster Kimball read from the Relief Society er" record concerning the angels and" said-SistZina's remarks on that subject had brought that saying pf the prophet's to her mind, Lula G. Richards read a poem written for tbeoccasHion. woman's thought and woman's work Written for the Relief Society Conference, Oct. 7. 1889. When inspiration from the worlds on high, -- Moves in the hearts of wise and gifted men, They bring forth thoughts and deeds that never die, Slumber they mayrat times, but With force and power renewed they wake again. by-and-b- e Nor sons alone our Father thus inspires, His daughters may the rich communion share; When woman's heart is filled with good desires, And, for the path of light, she too enquires, God always bears her pure and humble prayer. y .accomplished. by,, thesisters therethoughtSt. George was the home of the mulberry, a had been accustomed to gentleman who p... n r. . countnes wnerq suk was an luuustry naat re- . i.-.i- " ' Mark how Rebecca with her mother-hea- rt Asked God, "If it is'so, why am I thus?" -- The God did impart, knowledge which She felt its truth, which, doubtless, made her start, Oh! what a lesson, sisters,1 this should be to us! she-soug- .. marked that the climate wa3 specially adapted to its culture, she and some other sisters had -- perservered-in made some the Jaboirand-ha- d i .i ir i money by senaing tne cocoons to v asnmgton Some of the sisters there had received though they had only received 90cts. per lb. nineteen dollars, that was something, and she believed that success might yet resultlhrou'gh diligence and perseverance in the work. " Sister Zina; made some remarks upon silk, her belief as to its becoming a source of revenue, and spoke of the great Jove she had - for the sisters, thought the angeb were around about us, and that those who had. been our associates in these labors heretofore might per ... --- We fly to doctors when : . y; And thousands more, let not one heart feel slighted, 'We all may work, Christ teaches where and how: Let every lamp be filled, and trimmed and lighted, ' To Father's joyons feast we're all invited, ' And almost taste the good things, even now. But here, we reach what I first thought to mention, - ' A holy sample , yea, a sacred symbol That, through our Father's love and condescension. This grand Relief Society first held convention, In the bright brain of Sister Sarah M. Kimball. y -- . The thought was her's, God gave it; and she ran, As duty bade to the Prophet Joseph Smith; Broached unto him the subject of her plan, That flash of light was truth, from thence began, Our organizations and our work forthwith. Ppgood," the Prophet said, "relieve the poor, Comfort the sorrowing, bless each other oft, . , : is!'' Nor she alone, our loved and honored Pheobe,.-An- d (also gone.) our patient, kiad 'Marinda, Spake often thus, inspired and sacred truths; And with us still, dear Zina and Bathsheba, Our ever faithful and devout Presendia, How their sweet words the drooping spirit soothes! i to-da- we chance to think, "There's something wrong, I wonder what it To pay a five or ten we db not shrink," For doctors' wise opinion, scowl and wink Is God's advice sockea.yi trust not His? Enough of this; that in this latter time, God to his handmaids speaks we surely know; Thousands of us, from many a land and clime, Have heard and felt, it was God's words sublime-Gi- ven through our prophet poetess, our E. R. Snow. :H"acE3Zl?:5F::: - to visit her intention 1 : i would do them good, leit nappy in tne auues ot her calling anu wisneu ro ue mumu;. JMrs. Anna Woodbury- - Counselor to Pres. Stake, spoke of the scattered Ivins, St George condition of the - Relief Society and the long distances the sisters must travel to visit each branch organization; and the difficulties to be encountered in going to the fartherest-places- .Yet they made a practise 01 visiting au around-onca year. She felt to shed tears' - of joy when young men would Tise up and bear wor k; testimony of the truth of the Latter-dafelt much interested in the young people, spoke pf the silk culture and what had been haps meet with us; hoped we would have zeal ac cording to - knowledge, thought the sisters should take the Exponent and read it, and an o K rn i rn j. WaI nn m a A nn a n n rl nil. r ai m rl k in the Gospel and the blessings and privileges interest themselves on the questions of the day, and become familiar with the spirit of the times the children 01 the bamts, wished the htake and what was transpiring in the world, Dr. Pratt then read apart of the minutes of - TSoeietv 4n Z the first organization of the Relief Society in r v ', Pres. Harriet A. Snowj of Utah, Box Nauvoo. Pres. Mary Pitchforth, Juab Stake, snoke Elder, Stake said she had 'visited the most remote carts of the Stake, and felt Ihev were of the Relief Society organization Tand how she had --seen- it in a7Tision- - manyyears ago, Valley the meetings had been postponed on and she realized the fulfillment of it account of the President's having to attend thought when the sisters were healed, as she upon the sick so much, but the sisters were as kne w ofrnany instances, where they had zealous and as earnest there as in other places; been instantly healed, that God should have she enjoyed the meeting there very much. the glory instead of the Doctor. Spoke kindly of the teachers in their stake,- - and the dili gave an . excellent report of the sister's, labors. gence anL faith they manifested in visiting Pres. Jane S. Richards;"! can say some good every month even in winter time to look after the things for Weber Co. The sisters enjoy a good needy., Related a dream she had of Sister Eliza she came to the house and wanted to go to degree of the Holy Spirit. We, myself and Counselors visit' around the Stake regularly the meeting with her at home in NcdM after the local sisters rise up three and four at once some preliminaries before starting for the meet- - : o: i... Tir i i ?.. i sometimes, they are so full of the spirit and of ing oisier j&nza naa given her some instructtestimony; we advise meeting together often ions what to teachfirst of all the judgments and that they read the address of Sister Zina, of God; and mothers teach your children to which was given here at our last Conference eat and drink only those things that will make and published for our benefit, it contains the their bodies pure and preserve them from instruction that is needed; read it over and it disease and evil influences, onlv the Lnrrf n will seem new and good, we advocate the I hear our prayers and save us from the contam- holding of Quarterly Conferences m the mating mnuences that will assuredly come. various stakes, and of saving grain ami the Counselor Bathsheba W. Smith felt almost as duties of taking care of the sick and needy, if she could shout Hosanna she in hearand charity to the erring, and lifting up those ing the words of Joseph the rejoicedthat had who are weak and bowed down in spirit; in been read, felt blessed in the prophet Society and in all wo ouaii u uitst, auu ana the meetings of the Saints; "take pains sisters uiuij rejoice, ' r ' pur faith will be renewed.'' to search out the needy and the sick, we know Pres. Susan Grant, Davis Stake, had good the of faith will heal the sick, and we prayer Counselors that were a great help and blessing will our Father in heaven the give to her, encouraged the sisters to como to meet-- " Pres. Jane E. Walton, San Juanglory." Stake had , come 500 miles to attend the Conference said . Savesouls, teach woman to be chaste and pure, That crowns of righteousness all may secure, . Encourage those bowed down to look aloft. : Wash and anoint the sick, beneath your hands, Those not to death appointed, shall revive; Let no man say you nay, what God commands, ' The pure and humble spirit understands, And through it oftt.the.dead ..are made alive, Never, without the Sisters' Organization, Will Christ's true Church be organized in full; It tends to peace, to union and salvation, Cannot degrade, but brings true elevation. Working against those pow'rs which downward pull.'' . Thus spake the Prophet .though a woman's thought Had been the impetus to this great work; . Our noble Sarah all theseyears hath taught, Is with us still, "Behold what God hath wrought! ' Think on, workcht my Sisters, never shirk! -- . ' 