V WOMAN'S EXPONENT. eternally. Purity love and Integrity, let these 'virtues live in our heartSTheneinmsto loving Father's smile will be ours. Do not doubt truth of the - work in the; "goodness of God or the . Mch we are engaged : out learn obediehceTTf is better than Sacrifice; follow oluiTfTTeleaers and ' ear not. j May wedo a work acceptable to our Heavenly """"Father, and that will meet the approbation of our brethren, who are called upon to endure for the truth's sake, what the Ancients xlid, when seeking' could not establish .hurnanity.' ' righteous Maywesjvomen dfZion, ever know " and. honor our true position and continue to grow jn grace, and abound in good works, until He f.z. whose right it is to reign shall come. Counselor Jane S. Richards then said: "I trust my beloved sisters, Imay have an interest in your faith and prayers for they avail much. I feel that it is the greatest pleasure we many-timehave the privilege of praying for no one can rob us of this. The instructions from Sister Young I for one feel" are such as we ought to adopt. like accepting them. We miss Sister Snow, and- although she encouraged us saying ''Don'tget faint, go ahead,' Sister Young now fills her place and gives the same advice. of I was thinking how befitting Sister Young in regard to the Hospital were. If we do not have to go there, there areotheTsvith out homes coming a long distance, who find care ' - the-word- is and-attenti- on " Relief Society had assisted missionaries. Counselor 13. W, Smith expressed great joy in meeting withf thefsisters as they were assembled. i z ed-a- s h eR elie fSo cie fyvasr-firstr-org"Wli Te I well remember, there were but few, but those fev had a good spirit. I can hardly realizejt to have, grown so much. We should set an example before every one w;orthy to be followed, being' "unctualdiligent and --eharitable. We -- should, cultivate the S pirit of the Lordtmd thus avoid be- ' Jng led astray." - : -Te General- - and "Stake ' "authoritiesr ofzthe: Relief Society were then presented to be sustained by vote by Sister Sarah. Kimball, the vote was "" unanimous., j : The roll of stakes was called and responses made as follows : Bannock, Bear -- Lake, Box Elder, Davis, Emery, Juab, Kanab, Millard, Oneida, Salt Lake, St. ,George,ySan Pete, SumBeaver, mit, Weber, Morgan, (presidents.) Parowan, Panguitcb, San Juan, (counselors.) Sister M. 1. Home then spoke, saying she considered it a great privilege to meet togetherwhere ' by the blessing of God correct principles could be advanced and we learn to become more perfect. She realized that Sister Eliza's mantle had fallen on Sister Zina just as Elijah's desended upon Elisha.. Sister Eliza had been with us long, and we felt her absence, and there was .another associated with us formerly whom ,we missed, erWhitneypvho had so often in our meet-- . in.the. language ings sung in the gift and blest us all in of Eden Garden the snnL'pn and lifted us for the time above the cares of the world, and we cherish their memory in our hearts, their. loving words and wise counsel can never be The reward far our labors is not to frrfrottpn 1 be obtained in this life but awaits us at "the gates of Heaven. The speaker bore her testimony to ' the fact that, in the face of the seemingly most The Annual meeting of the Sth'Ward Primary "Association s placOQQheicjrjjg; , ' 7 was hcld-IarchithJnth- ., eaeet inirtcnisrMrsWahVCowan-nresidingVisko- ... - ' . an " s " !stne . princlpIestF benefit 173 - dency as sustained by the CoferelTcerVilford .Woodrufi President; George ...Q. Cannony First and JosThTSraTtrecqnd Counselors. destitute among their nl , to Tje found any I- fs present were Mrs. Louie Felt President of the Central Board of the .Primary, Mrs. Lillie Freeze her First Counselor, and Mrs. Ellen C. Clawsbn and Lydia Ann Wells of the Stake Board, also Mrs.. E. B..; Wells and Elizabeth Howard. The house was nearly filled and the exercises-wer-e of a very edifying character besides rendered eited ''The Floral Alphabet'which was an interesting feature of the occasion. The children all performed theirparts inr a "creditable77 mannerry Re- "being-we- ll ' ;;':;7vf marks calculated to inspire faith and, stimulate to good works were made by Mrs. E. B. Fletcher and ' Mrs. C. Palmer, and also by Bishop Sheets and i.Flder Jphn Needham. A tempting collation was spread for all ; the children had their picnic in an adjoining room where they made merry to their hearts content in feasting. Seven of Drs. Shipp- - students : in obstetrics graduated March 30th, and received their Diplomas from the examining committee, and they were also blessed and set apart for their work as practitioners among the peoplerat the' Ifistorian's to leaving for their homes. DiBcerpajrory ' Their names and places-of-l residence., are. as fol- lows;Miss Emma Hillstead. S. L. City.Miss Mary Sawyer;"Ameri can Fork,- Utah GS.rMrs Parthenia loytsvilleummit jCo..Mrs. Christina Peterson,Scipio,Millard Co., Mrs. Mary Sorenson, Teton, Bingham Co., Idaho, Mrs. Louisa Gibbs, Paradise, Cache Co., Mrs. Libbie Bybee, Hooper- mterestmg ville, Weber Co. There was-afor the evening's entertainment in which . greater willingness of the sisters; daily, betokens an increase in our charity. The charifyrW want is that, which is manifested in kindnessand for: bearance towards one another. We frequently do little things which - try each other, and it is then we should exercise our charity. Especially sh ou Id we " be forgivi n g towa rd - - the - young '; recitaUons were givenvSongs wereTsxingrinstru" they have a Jong life before them, and if them with moments few in spending a mental musie on the piano, and speaking by frequently several of the brethren and sisters who were weproba!;f can4eacli Ihem the for us seek have madeJet us do so. Let to press on in their good and noble work. Zina D. H. Young, Dr. Maggie C.'Shipp, Mrs. E. spirit that characterized our Savior; in Him was sisters when our minds are difficulties These appear B. Wells, President A. M. Cannon, Mrs. Mary A. perfect kindness., we if but but clouded with unstable thoughts, Freeze and others.- Congratulations were exI desire to say a word in regard to the expoblessGod's of pressed and good advice given to the fresh gradnent. In it, sisters, we can learn a great deal in think, we can see the munificence friend and our is uates. Ice cream and other delicate refreshments ings on every hand. The Lord regard to our daily duties. It has been edited aided. were served and the evening passed off pleasantly. ; helper and in trusting in Him are we with great patience by Sister Weils. Do we acot a order. The Kingdom of God is kingdom knowledge it as we ought ? I believe we have The friends 6f Mr r and lrs7 George Alder of con- to the ToseDh Smith's instructions in regard I he hppn n IHtle rnreless in this regard. this city offered their congratulations on theT that of our parliamentary were, God meetings of the upon invoked the4uciing blessing speaker . I I twenty-fift- h nrnof l"vitf anniversary of their marriage on Mon 1.Ait uuMvi De tJierveu. snouia rules viwdja congregation. day evening April Sth, at their residence on South firct Then henr vour testimonies. The w!ncC anxious was she stated President Zina Young the happy couple be very particular in taking 'Temple Street at which time should come had who Secretary to hear from those representatives celebrated their Silver wedding. It was also the but complete. The long, not necessarily minutes, a great distance. forty-fift- h anniversary of the marriage of Mrs. before a conference : Treasurer and just Relief of Secretary President Anna Ivins. president Alder's father and mother, who' were present, and their remaking and notes, meet compare should the or. Society of St. George Stake represented received their share of the congratulations and perfect. the ports ganization of the same, stating that although good wishes of the company of Relatives and dear' invoked the blessings of God President Young the necessaries to do honor on the happy country was hardT they possessed tne meeting after which, uuon the congregation, tne of life if not the luxuries. "The attendance in bride adiourned for six months. Congregation sang on Cjccasion.JI he: comin is small Stake the of wards four it twenty as though was really the wedding day and dismiss us with Thy blessing." "Lord 107 takes a page It section. parison with yours in this the sons and daughters were kept busy enter- Sister Harriet Snow. by Benediction pronounced month for me to visit the wards." taining the guests. The parlors were brilliantly. ... Stake Counselor Martha Hammond of San Juan lighted and handsomely decorated, and everything NOTES. EDITORIAL in San Juan stated that in attending conference betokened joy and festivity. Mils Margie Dwyer nevertherendered In her happy style some instrumental they had to travel over a hundred miles, The minutes oi the Woman Suffrage Meeting in rat less the "sisters were true and faithful attending. , music on the piano, and in the Salt Lake. Assembly Hall, on Thursheld as The speaker realized that if we were blessed fovorite pieces. and- - D wye r, 1 sang one; J6f Z 1 ith, came too late for this issue, but April" day we expected, the settlements would soon grow Miss Dean Caine also favored the company with will appear in our next.j2 ringer thuc MQino- mafTefsancf enabltngthe-Firs1 The General Conference of the Church held in them to visit with ice cream and -- ments in rich abundance Presidency of the.R. S., the. Tabernacle in this City April 6th, 189 was. said the; aing-Jealcft- President Hinckelv from Bannock Stake were tastefully served during the the largest Conference ever held since "prdbably "d"lfteenwardTbraffc'bes bell. evlenlngrMdza the organization of "tne come is reoiilnrvvith others not so. We need very The usual supply of wedding gifts fTOmpariiular be forvery great importance and will never much the visits of the sisters of the presidency. friends were received, and there seemednothing those who were present especially the The speaker expressed great joy in receiving sucji gotten by when the various wanting to add to the happiness of either host or afternoon on Sunday meeting the meeting. hostess or their sssembled guests. May their good instructions as were imparted in to President .quorums of the priesthood seated according " Emery vSfake was represented by. future life be serene and happy, and their exmembers of the Church the all and their order, in company Annie U.Earsen who stated that she ever unite them still more closely to6f the First Presiperiences the for voted reorganization seven the with several others'had recently visited officers' in their gether and their childrenrTOe'up"'aiSd "call them dency ancL to sustain all other branches in that Stake and found them in fairly several positions and callings. The First Presi- - blessed. There hand.. on had grain good order. They -- of-tongu- s-- -- ; - es -A.-- Holt.-I n pro-gram- me - - - if - : 1 i A . friends,-assemble- d .looked-charmingan- tl- as-ha- ppy ' . . Messrs.-AlderiBar- thr -- - -- rjurcnT--iwas-an-ve- al-of . onoher -- " "':' . . 