to a religion that enters into government. In all this country ? Who have periled their lives for ' .' ages of the world, whenever the Lord had any this country?" In view of the anxiety of certain men to exgreat work to perform, objectors have risen up 1of Utah from obtaining-state-- " the used by Him.-Therclude of methods the' people procedure against Editor. EMMEUXE IK WELLS, are plenty of instances of this kind on hood, to which theyare justly and morally entitled, those who jave helped to make this desert record, yet He says His ways are not as man's In Salt Lake City. Utah Terms: Published therose," who came here when it was a -- hiia putrv kit- mfinfhit - 9 fW Tvn- ways ; and one mighty welPsay- if therewas more miAAiiiv nnft.i'P,:ir, of God in the governments of- - nations, there barren waste, and who know, as the writer does, oples for the price of nine. Advertising rates: Each square, ten Jiues ofy nonpareil would be iss dissension and far less crime. The that Salt Lake City was not a "meadow with tall A liberal discount pace-- , one tiro c, ?2.50; rr month, S?)0, "Mormon" pecple believe that the Constitution of grass waving," etc.,-cascarcely help' feeling to regular KJvertleri. , ; !7V J Crd-givesomewhat roused when they read this Republic ij their indignation and ask only to have Ex0N2NT office,' io., .5 F . SoJ'A Temple StrHfoeeond and when they hear such as have the same rights other men and women enjoy uu-djrato eat of Deseret Neva Office Business hours from 10 n.m to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunjrluy. before the Committee on made its provisions. beeji Territories; Address all business comrauxiicAtions to feel like if and they exclaiming, they Rev. Olympia Brown, jn her speech in the re. - PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, ? Who made this Terri-"tor- y is this Territory cent Convention of the N.W. S. A. iWashmg-- I Saw-LakOrTYUTArr. "Mormon" men "wK6caehTreat think it would be well to have the Protestant religion represented in the government, an early day, had some hard work to do, and mich privation to endure and perils to enc(uhterr Entered at the Ibst Office in Salt Lake City, Utah, as for she says, "We (the people of. the United Secoiul Class Matter. States), are in danger of Catholic domination,, no1 and the "Mormon" women rocked their babies because they are so numerous, but because the where the wolves howled and the Indians powSalt Lake City, - . February 15, 1889. Catholic Church is represented at the polls, and wowed in'their hearing, and endured all sorts of trial and hardships, as well as poverty, in order to the Protestant Church is not." She establishes build up the"c6untry,subdue the soil and establish this fact by stating that, "The foreigners are A NOBLE ENDEAVOR. for themselves, but for those who Catholics, the greater portion of them; the homesnot only should come after them. There have' been some heroic efforts made by foreigners are men, the greater part of them, and There is nothing lost in such a vigorous contest the men of the Catholic Church are interested in the "Mormon" people of Utah Territory towards as has been made for the right. The great men a state government, so as to give some local self-- the Church, and they belong to it and they work for it," and vote for at. "The Protestant Church is of the nation and the wise are becoming informed government into the hands of those, who have . ' .1 r settled the country and subdued the soil, making composea ot women. iien ior tne. most part do upon matters that were unknown to them heretonot'belong to it. tThey do not care much for it, fore; they are getting down to the bed rock of it fertile, whereas it was barren, nd beautifying except as a pious thing to interest the women of Mormonisrri, and little by little are becoming acthe land, rendering it habitable, aed desirable for their household. The consequence is, the Pro quainted with this "peculiar people" and their man. The efforts made for statehood for Utah testant Church is unrepresented herer principles, and by and by they will be willing and are worthy the comment And so when it comes to voting, the Protestant ready as well as anxious to acknowledge them as freedom, and who possess" individuality in its a part of the great body politic, and until then the Church is unrepresented." truest and broadest sense.' To have some .local people of Utah who desire statehood must subrepresentation, and choose who shall administer Now, it is astonishing that some one does not mit with what grace, is possible to the persistent the taws is, we believe, American in principle, intefere with the Catholic votes and voting, and refusal of Congress to acknowledge their rights to but to tamely and without endeavor to obtain give them a test oathx as they have the "Mor a state government. statehood, submit to a Territorial form of governmons," lest religion should get into the politics of the nation. The Reverend lady from, whom we ment, when every necessary condition has been, seems and not have quoted said some very plain things about very complied with, EDITORIAL NOTES. with in the of 'at all spirit liberty that this great Republic, that if a "Mormon" had said harmony characterized the forefathers of New England and would Jbe called treason ; and she prophesiedtop,,. TirESecretafieT Of IheRelie'rSdctetririffiiF of this ' free Rep iWIcV of whose memory and' But perhaps they think ' it was only a woman," S take of Zion are hereby particularly requested have and therefore do not heed it; but they are strong purpose, succeeding nobility of generations . to prepare correct reports, and forDeep justly ' expressions and worthy of solemn consideration. ward them not later than the 25th of February, Yet it is said of this people that they are not Read them and judge. to the Stake Mrs. Elizabeth Howard, American, they are aliens, and cannot appreciate "We are tending toward ruin, and I pre.diet No. 60, FourthSecretary, South St., Salt Lake City, in order the spirit of the Republican government. While that if women are not enfranchised, and that richt a full and complete report may be made in pleading and interceding for the very privileges .speedily, there will be no Republic herein twenty- - that time for the Stake Conference. By order of Mrs. and rights which the grand old Constitution and five I do not believe that this years. Republic M. Isabella Home, President Relief Society Declaration of Rights vouchsafes to all citizens, can stand, with the voice of fn our heard : anarchy . Salt Lake Stake. they are accused of disloyalty, insincerity and great cities, w ith the hands of intelligent people other treacheries, and denoupced as hostile to the tied, The Secretary of the Central Board of the Y. the social evil motherbopd disregarded, llaws of the nation. -' L7MT I. Associations- - is particularly anxious to rapidly fastening on our national life as a legalized All the logic brought' to bear upon the ques- institutionJwitlHheincrease-o- licentiousnessund obtain correct reports from each f tion of statehood by Delegate Caine, Attprney Zion. of Stake These be forwarded so as should intemperance. I believe that the day of ruin is at s who have hand for our institutions and Richards, Judge Wilson unless to reach her not later than March iotry to government enable her to compile them in time for the General spoken, has so far failed to bring about the de. the voice of our women is heard, and unless they sired blessing statehood for Utah on account are called into the councils of the nation." Conference on April 6th. Will the secretaries of the terrible prejudice against the "Mormons," of the several Stakes please send promptly to in answer to His Excellency, WTilson, Judge which has arisen through misrepresentation, South Street, Salt Mary E. Cook, 323 East, Third Gov. ' been whahad AVest, energetically opposing malice and envy ofhpse who style themselYejs - ; Lake City; Utah. to admission of Utah Statehood, emphatically 'Liberals." The report of the ''Hearings Before, The Stake secretaries of the Relief Society in answers all Governor's the trie Committee on Territories in regard to the Ad. objections, and the the various Stakes of Zion are urgently requested mission of Utah as a State" is well worth reading, discussion between them is calculated to clearly to prepare Stake reports and forward establish the claims of the Territory to and all people not blinded by preju them, so that they will reach this city on or before Fortv years of Territorial ?ovprnmPnt dice, may, by perusing the arguments made be- the 20th of March, in order Jthat a complete reis a lonS Period to serve in such a subordinate come posted in reference to what has been done port may anq u tan most ceriainlus entitled to an tolbuild.up Uhe country and the definite steps capacity, honorable in the galaxy of states. The April. Direct to Dr. Romania B. Pratt corner place taken to gain admittance to the Union as a State. 2nd West and First South Streets, Salt Lake Both sides were presented at .the hearings, and population hasTlong been .sufficient, and all other conditions have been complied with Gty.ByLorder of consequently the reader has the main points in necessary and yet men who profess to believe in progression favor of and against admission. However, it is The quarterly conference of the Relief Society for aH humantty, and to possess the attributes of easy to see that it is the religion of the people of this Stake of Zion will' be held in the 14th as well as justice and mercy, are usino- all that these -object tor, or they malce charity, Rooms, hursdayr"IaTch " i4r" their powers of persuasion with tdngue and pen, it appear so. Vet they live under a government commencing at 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. A representatolerant in all its vital principles to al religious ana whatever social or political influence theyare tive from each branch Society in the County is faiths. Judge McBride does not pretend- - to capable of exercising:, tp hmder the people of the particularly requested, and a cordial invitation is base his objections upon plural marriage, but Territory from obtaining their just rights. extended to all who are interested in the work of The same Reverend lady from whom we quoted the states, "I believe with other gentlemen iat organization. TOe Y, L M., I. A. "of this polygamy must", by pressure from the outside previously, speaking of woman's disfranchisement U Stake will meet in conference Friday, March 15, exclaimed, "Whose country is this ? Who made and the wuriu, cease to exist in lime." me judge objects Primary Association Ssturday, the 16th. Woman's Exponent. - e blos-sonT- as seml-raontbl- Ti t-- -- - ( , . '. . ., n, mis-stateme- er don't,-"Whos- e , ?"-"T- ton.-sera- rso He -- . -- 1 r- ma- - . . " r un-Americ- semi-annu- al " -- -- - semi-annu- al and-other- '.- -, semi-annu- fair-mind- ed al self-governme- nt. bern Sarah-M.-KimbalIecretaTy- vt" non-Mormo- ns - Ward-Assem- bly e 