WOMAN'S - - hour with Sister Soper Pres. Relief Society there e and-- ' Brother Woolley a missionary is falling andahe from Salt Lake. A heavy rain effects of rain haveteen on all our borders. With have-eve- r place and had (ten of us) as fine a trip as I had at sea though I have made eight or nine ocean passsgin the finest seasoss..In France I spent some time among acquaintances and relatives (father and junior sister).;, taly I hurried I over, having lived there over a year. In Greece spent nine or ten days.It is a progressive little state," the Greeks have a wonderful fondness for Americans, and a strong desire to imitate the in stitutions of the U. S. The population of the-- . whole Hellenic Kingdom (Greece) amounts to less wide-awak- regards to loved ones at home. , Your wandering friend, . m - S. M. Kimball. OPINION. A GENTILE'S "Mrs. Wells. t;:.,r.: '; , toaiUharc.: t In Cairo I spent a few days agreeably. Egypt is a wonderfully prolific country at' times while there I ceased towonder that Israel should have longed for Leeks and Onions of Egypt. They are i sweet, juicy and tender, especially so are all vegetables there raised in early spring before the rays of the sun are very perpendicular and (strong). Traveling on the Mediterranean on .deck (economy) I caught colds several .trips, but that all wore of! in the thirty-fiv- e days I stopped at Mt, Carmel, Palestine, in the 'German "Temple Colony." The latter hold to a theory like this "Spiritual Israel' should be "temporally gathered to the Holy land, to build up "Temples to God" which means, say they cultivate spiritually bodies in which the Holy Ghost might reside! They are heat and nice folks, but greater dis, semblers and hypocrites than they may be aware of. There are three resident saints there now, -(Germans) who treated "me well and .raised $26. for my trip to Aintab. ... here for .some little time, before commencing our passage across the Pacific, I avail myself of your lines. And first I would permission to pen a few " will bear lay of yonr people, that I think they . very favorable comparison with anycommunity we have seen in America, in health, and in happi- " ness, whereas their industry is proverbial. They "have all the appearance of British health, with the mentality of the Americans, and that is a combination of - character which ensures the greatest amount of ability to work, both mentally and physically; your buildings, public and private show an amount of individuality of taste, I have seldom seen anywhere, and never in such prorather portions. Your- streets and footpaths are weak . points in your surroundings, being too industy and uneven, but as one" of your people formed me, you do not like to waste money in the paving-th- e streets,rrruntil K. r drain the XityThis does 'not alteT the Jfact that the streets .are disagreeable , to walk across, and your footpaths might be improved, and prevent Injustice to your abilities, if judged by them. In respect to your immediate mission, "The "Rights of Women," I wish you every success, especially if you also advocate the right performance of duties fox unless knowledge of woman's duties are accompanied py specific performance, her rights will be useless in her progressive improvement A lady writer in the July number of "The Century" touches upon this topic in a slanting kind, of way, under, the title of "One Reason of the Inefficiency of Woman's Work" but it wants to be presented tothSverage'ffiiistii a much clearer and more forcible manner than she has done it there. Both my reason and my inclination favor the placing of women on the same equality as men, but I can see it will be necessary for them to exercise their reasoning power, more than has hitherto been the case, and to keep the emotional faculties more subservient to the side in - intellectual if they intend to keep side by the contest for employment in the future. With kindest regards, believe me, sewrj:jaiajo . ; -- ':::-.- yours faithfully, : 29 EXPONENT. V W. R. Please remember me kindly to Mrs. Zina Young. - sincere She, yourself and friends have my most regards. - x" Brothers Wra. Salmp.n, W. H. B. Lewis, Father Tovey, G. MOttinger, T. White, and those ladies andothers-wh- o until to me, Yhardly realized I had friends Regards-- ; to,. were-so-kin- d in the hour of need. Sincerely and very respectfully yours etc., Ciias. U. Locander. Aintabj:AIcppsp;str,ITurkeyiM ; MATERNAL INFLUENCE, The Editress oe Exponent: , 7 From the perusal of the, two last numbers of main objects is your paper I perceive onecf your to secure to women in general, and the Mormon women in particular, those A"Avhidr belong to them, equally with men, politically and socially, Allow me to aid you in this matter, by drawing attention to- one of the most important rights conferred on women by Nature, which , cannot be wrested away from them, but which has not been the sex sufficiently recognized, or acted upon by within hitherto, although there are the possibilities that all its influence to obtain all, and more than ' " . you can desire. the old saying .Nearly every one has heard 'That every clever man that lives, must have had a clever mother, or, the inference to be drawn is, m- that he would not have won distinction by his . tellectual powers. :ThU i a blind sort of way in recognizing a aruth which has had.a mighty influence in the past, .. -- and which will have a much stronger power in the of . each day for palatable, if not fine food;, and rent, a future, when the Maternal Influence mother on the destinies cf her child's life, is fully fme,.large, house two meeting rooms and. back room, kitchen,, large, finely paved yard, garden, understood and acted upon. rented We a have water fountain etc., $30 year. It is a well known fact in Physiology, and one for one year that is, our President has. I did that has been acted upon by stockbreeders for the body, and not have any opportunity of visiting Jerusalem. generations, "That the father gives However, from amplest testimony I can say that 4he mother, gives of their den and a it is a:vondeffuT Religion-mbngerin- g ignore that knowledge in oun race, which they find acts- so advantageously trap for the credulous; So Bethlehem there they in-t- he sell a soft calcareous rock to miraculously cure animal kingdom generally. Many men have perceived this power which lies inherent in mammillary ailments. - drop-fe- ll when: : Maryisat on the earth suckling- Jesusawomen, ready for immense possibilities which acts to the ground and -- the: whole soil in her imknowledge sets it moving, and with every mediate neighborhood was converted into milk naturally now, though not Intelligently (dry) and is now sold for the purpose stated May female. It requires a Lady Teacher like yourself the patient (woman) have faith, or no faith, she reto present" the subject to your readers in such as only ladies mains uncured of course! language, and in such a manner, of many scamps Palestine is the Rendez-vou- s can use, for these subjects have been so long and a few Pilgrims from every country almost. under the ban of prejudice that it would be conBrotherJlichards sidered highly indehcate for women to hear them letter is not written on a table, but I am sitting on promulgated by any one of the opposite sex. a floor, with my legs crossed, and writing this on B ut it may be stated; in general terms without is indebted to its my lap, like a Chinaman might do, the pen is also being offensive that every child -a Turkish arrangement. We bavewell-altende- d father fohts bodyrand constitution, or vitality and : sometimes, they listen those faculties which lie at the basiiian, or lower meetings, hundreds come -and seem delighted saying- how strange: and . part of the brain, while the mother contributes Abe the moral, rebeautiful your doctrine is; but why do you not go upper part of the brain, embracing the children's to the heathen? We have the gospel you know ligious, and . intellectual parr of zevaaf4t4s-no- t alLtrury e fco urobjC TtuTufeTand this principallyuringe.iast haU..of ---and we will be saved, etc., etc. Except one or -- gestation. ' , r and with two persons they neither Oppose is nor join When this fact is thoroughly understood ; 1 acte4 upon, you can well understand how children us no hatred, no love. A strange people. need be The Turks are a sober, steadfast but apathetic can be so moulded before birth, that there for race. There is a Tartar (Chinese) element in no contest for Rights, either female or male, llieiV bloddThTariars every" mother can bequeM -cue yet jisjjojicimdi and though, they do not wear a uniform solicitation simply TpanygnaVe the wfableaffieaving only a. scaijv f erred or granted-withou- t some they-weits nature. Fez' and to supply uniformity wrong would be impossible to light colored, some darky designed originally to and correspond to the color of the skin, thus reprwhether operated upon by pleasant thcughts will the cluld be, esentingby proxythe skin of the head supsurroundings or the reverse, so it if fear predominates the child will inherit it, posed to be shaved; and to represent .the cue, a transmitted h fine silk tassel hangs on each Fez or skull ambition, pride, or egotism, it will be word we TSmssIbriirieY" wear too, to conform to the child, the same as1 regardhonesty in or any somewhat to local custom. and deed, generosity, imagination, hope, and I recieve an occasional paper from Utah, and other of the faculties in the coronal region ' am pleased to see matters brighter. In a late reflectives. ; It.. Nelson'. V. "Star" I see a contribution from "Lula" very nice - . . , ; n - -- t-k-- g00 ' -- 2oth, WARD, TO LEVI W. RICHARDS ESQ., S. L.. CITY, U. T. L- -- V Kind Sir: Without - wishin? to worry you,-i- t I have pleasure that I avail myself of the time o tbgivenoutline of the an opportunity to make. I am very Veil physically, and though I have not any considerable confidence in a harvest shortly to be reaped among the Armenians with whom we all laborto the ex- elusion of Brother J. M. Sjodahl an intelligent feelgentleman, in Palestine at present yet I am to ing "welF and put in e,very moment of my time qualify myself for whatsoever may in any apparent probability devolve upon me. After visiting numerous relatives in four days which seemed short indeed in N. Y., we left that is--wit- n lairtrlph --7- .1 - bc-cau- se ar - cap---suc- - - 