I I " i " i : w ifci in in T ' , "" - in ii, mm 1,1, I,, ,. ., ., . i " "' in i The Rights of the Women of Zion, and the Bights of, the Women of CITYrUTAHrJULY-l- , --Vol.18.-"SALTLAE' I J, ' : : ' Susi&-Stephens- Z, . oft she thought r: -: - The days went on and Of the bright gems' the ."stranger ."brought, Smiling to know their Jight should shine , 1 Her own 'mid splendorsll divine, And strove that tnttward grace-tcrwnWorthy the grace of soul within; Yet only half their meaning knew 1 hat splendors cast their shadows too. on " The following was written to Mrs. A.R. Shaw of Ogden, on the death of her infant son. " : : r rTC"1 -- - .. pure-asfiOTt- Day hath its end, its night; souls, too, Have lost their sun of life from view; No hands that lift, no voice that calls ' But vainly on the darkness falls Until His hour. However lost In sorrow's wild, His love hath crossed The trackless waste, He knoweth where -- The mourner kneeleth in despair. mourning mother! Not alone Thy riven heart in sorrow's moan, Not bitter only, is thy lot, Thou hast not been by heaven forgot; No stain of earth had marred the name Of that fair boy thy soul did claim, No fault had dimmed those beauteous eyes, Too bright were they for these dull skies; Thy boys lo God hath taken them, Thy jewels, thy soul's diadem. - Watching the varying feelings rise, And knew her soul's calmsteadfast truth, nd all her blameless life from youth; Then answering her eyes of prayer He opened one white hand, and there Lay three rich jewels, Oh, more bright Than e'er had met her mortal sight. ; He laid them in her trembling hand. "Study their beauty well' spake he, '.""' T7 "They are thine for all eternity' Lol by their light new life began, New thoughts JhroughjilHier being ranL VVhile ecstacy thrilled through her frame The stranger gently spoke her name, And as she raised to him her eyes Took from her hands the precious prize; MThe Father senrthese but ioshOw-;;;:"- " What 'waits you while through life you go, Safe in the keeping of His love They shall be yours again, above." Nor artist's power nor poet's spell The words he taught could keep or tell, They went beyond the things of earth V . O, Remember her, that mother pure Who didst the agony endure On Calvary's hill; thou know'st in part The anguish of her sacred heart. Thrice blessed is that home wherein The shad'wy wing of death hath been; Thou hast had joy, possession, love, Now, each of these, lifted above Earth's marring or ifs robbing; bear Their witness lo thy portion there Where blessings past and present all Upward ascending ever call The tireless soul and wearied feet With them before His throne to meet. . -- Teaching why wrong and sin should grow They took from sorrow half its woe, " Why the soul's idols turn to clay And God's own gifts are drawn away, And how, though thorns bestrewed her path "Her soul its guardian angel hath. - .Then, when the holy guest was gone A lesser light came, it was dawn. like onealone yet fearing; ngt,Z!l"IIZZir Silence with sacred meaning fraught, God's blessing seemed so near heir there Life's dullest burdens seemed no care, " Tor IhaTjs - - And lightened, strengthened blessed the wholei Was this life zealot's faith, ideal? No, by His blessing this was real, Stripped of the curse by childlike faith Earth wounds pain less, no trials scathe; And while the mortal still endures, ' ..Through deeper tests still strength assures; " Just as the heart of His own.... Son .,..,.. LijL. ..j.a..I . - Bor&itjjBTring - till his time was done, ...... - -. , HEPHZIBAH. "Truth is stranger than fiction." He grew quite enthusiastic on the subject, said to hiason, "it may be- - she and will marry her cousin Elisha' andzhaYe 1 the homestead and we shall see the village prog- per again, for Elisha will have money." This" was too mu ch for the father, who, though bye-andby- e - Jusfastheblindrfeerpassing wings I So, day by day they Uved until Life seemed so fitted to Jod's will And prayer the sceptre; 'i$th its sway Real, grateful bliss filledach fair day. A flood of light the midnight filled , And every sound to silence stilled, And right before the mother stood A stranger, mighty, He looked into her anxious eyes ..The sweetest voices earth hath kn own W ere those attuned to sorrow's moan, And nearer sanctified are they, Where grief hath washed in tears away --The idle thoughts of cloudless hours " " Forgetting how, for sins of ours The only Sinless, bowed his head, And would, with Mary wept her dead. " Not wind and wave in furious storm Snatched From thine arms his precious form, Nptstealthy foe nor cruel flafme Thy lovely- babe had power to claim, Not blighted by long suffering Ere the loosed soul its flight could wing - "r - Heaven remembered her aLd gave The gift her riven heart had craved, A babe, whose wondrous eyes revealed Pure mysteries from earth concealed, . Their silent beauty almost speech, Diviner truths and love to teach. They led her soul 'mid earthly scenes Forgettiug earth, where downward leans The Unseen so close tor' the veil It almost touches spirits frail, Worn fainrwith trial 'til the breatlf Through joy or woe is kissed by death And there her soul heard other things COMFORT FOR THE 'MOTHER. " Augusta Toyce " Crocheron. ' 'j .." ' South Bountiful," J une 13th 71 8S9. ... ., - Rejoice, O, mother t In thine arms Death could not .thrill him with alarms; His last sweet words were trato thee, :ry: Thine the last face his eyes could see, Saf! in our mountain home he sleeps; -- . While the wide world still onward keeps It's headlong course of pride and wrong Warri n g gai nstTWtTrwTth' "hat fed Wong 0! better in that little grave, With mission ended, spirit saved. i T . - No. 3. ' i Hephzibah A Story. Visit to. Prlmaries.H. Madson; True Value M.- E. Kimball, Fault Faith Finding M.E.-T- , Notes and News. Editorial: Lucy W. W. Hayes. . The Old Folks at Ogden. A RemembranceTLTTV'KinH ball. A Tribute to Grandma Smith. J .P. M. Farnsworth. Morgan County W. S. A. Miss Delia Smith. . Woman Suffrage, Hon. C. VV; Penrose at the R. S. Reports: San Juan VV. S. A. of Ogden.. and Snowflake. Poetry: Comfort for the Mother. Augusta Joyce Crocheron. Birthday Offering. L. M. Hew. lings. Lines Dedicared to The Old Folks. A. C. In Memoriam -- -- -- ' Not for wrong doing but to prove The soul God guards, naught else can move. CONTENTS. " all Nations. - 1889.7 iimihii . -- poor, compared to hi3 eldest brotbert wa3 proud, and replied bitterly, "No! he would scorn a village girl, and my brother's "son shall not well, well, how foolish to diner about her marof her birth,-- strange-indee- d; on thelay riage I cannot understand why we should thus drift off into the future of one scarce yet initiated into life: it may be all "owing to her name." T m on ha " cfiil I , rotiln .miitln if , manv a loner day since I have been so aroused as to dwell upon the future of any one, not eyen niy. own. spn And so the two father 'passing strange. talked and son on; a channel of communication- opened between them, that had been closed for years. From that very day the old Major seemed to have taken a new lease of life. The advent of the little stranger had indeed created a change, and he watched her from day to day, fancying he could see some resemblance to that other Mephzibah for whom -- -- shewas hristeiicrJrArTSorjiras- sbe-wasno- ld' to run about he insisted that she should remain with him at the old homestead. Much as the parents esteemed him, they could not consent to such, an arrangemenLbut allowed little Hephzibah to visit atthe old home regularly with one of her elder sisters. Hi3 love could not endure to be separated from her, but enough kept her near him in the musty, old, deserted house, until she wa ahout as antique in her' manners as the aged veteran himself. When other little girls were sewing "over and over" or hemming by a thread, she would sit and telTthem long storieSi and amuse thenLby the hour together, and when they asked her where :sherJ earn eoVr so ::ma nyppr etty tal es," sh e " wou d answer, In the old manor house, talking to --wasin-her heartr and soul, and the realities of life were a perfect . 1 herselfi-Poetryninwrit- ten ideaiaturHerpractical blank-to.hr New England mother wondered what could be done to brinsr -- the child -- down from the airy heights, where she soared unconsciously, to the level of the earth, and make her under stand the need of actual labor, in the work-day wory. Her hair, which was a mass of bright" brownTwaveswas never smooth, and her white diryjpronjadfti8.o neat and nice, were soon crumpled and soiledi "generally -- a r - 