WOMAN'S EXPONENT, 130 ter and of the events of their- - lives 'so far, so ve mast take our leave of them in a different way. Off Desdemona, dead through tamely submitting to the wrath of a jeajou? ..being . whom she loved beyond everythingand to. screen whom she died with a lie on her lips As we leave this martyred creature, of wjnmi HKmelia say, "Moor, she was chaste; she loved thee, cruet'Moor," v we leave Portia surrounded by friends who dearly love her, and by all that money can buy. This creature of whom Jessica says: " Why, if two gods should play some heavenly match, - And on the wager lay two earthly women, And Portia, one, there must be something lse Pawned with the other, for the poor, rude world hath not -- - ".; her fellow.' . - We leave her in the moonlight dispensing r blessings to her friend?; leave her with bright sunlit future before her a very queen "among her willing subjects, with seemingly not - a stumbling block to her happiness. all-he- : ITEMS FROM HARRISVILLE. IN MEMORIAM. Died, in this city, .Dec. 26th, iSSS, of paralysis, Ann Corbet beloved thfruits wife 'of Daniel Corbttt. "Give her of of her. hands, and let her own works praise her in the gates;''" ' 1 ItESQLUTIQNS Q RKSPECT. 7 , -- We, the sisters of the Relief Society unanimously ' ' " adopt the following Resolutions; - Whereas, it has pleased our Heavenly Father to call from our midjt by the hand of death ouxjbeloved sister and "friend; therefore, Resolved, That we do recognize in the death of our sister, Ann Corbett, the loss of an able and efficient treasurer of the Second Ward Relief Society. , that we esteem her past labors and devotion Resolved, to duty a3worthy the fellowship and emulation ot us all. Resolved, That these Resolutions be spread upon the records of the Relief Society of the Second Ward; also that a copy "be sent to the bereaved family, and to the - Woman's Exponent . Sarah E. MEMOIRS OF MARY ANN GIBSON. often wanting; sometimes only opportunities. . Some de serve-praisfor what they have done, and others for wha would have done. There sometimes wants oiy a they stroke of fortune to discover numberless latent good qualities, which would otherwise have been concealed.", These are sentiments which would fitly apply to Sister Mary Ann Gibson, one of nature's noblewomen .She was s -- the-schoolhou- se; Sarah M. Kimball, Sec. Miss Anthony, in opening the convention time said: 'For the during the assembled in this we are past twenty years, city for the purpose xf declaring' thajall peo-p- ie of legal age are citizens, and Oiat no State She should legislate restricting this right. twenty-firs- t , ? pok e -- of the large au d.k'nee as u n d ica t i ve of the interest i u-th- matteiudleclaredher: is conviction that success would at last crown their efforts. In introducing Mr. A. G. Miss Anthony Riddle, pf Washington, D.C spoke of his eSoris in Tliepas t in th causfe of human rights and his advocacy before the courts of the right of wome:i to vote. There-for- e it was proper for one who had always stood by the cause of woman to be invited to make the opening address." " , Utah. Training School for Nurses ' !5i?5.O0. - Martha P. Hughes, M.D. .KTHOMAi 1m EIFOMl SALT IiAKE CITY. ' the necessary means to continue their jourjiey. Mining being the chief occupation in mat part of the country, Bro. Gibson soon found employmlnt for himself and three .oldest scms at the. mines in Ichuylkill Co., vhere they remained until the spring of ilob, when they commenced their journey for the vales of Utah. They crossed the plains in the handcart company, in charge of Captain Robinson, and suffered all the hardships of those pioneer companies, landing in Salt Lake City, August 25, i860, and moved to Ogdea the following day. They remained in Ogden' until the spring of 1867, when-the- y removed to West Weber, where" they continued to re-- . side until they diedr Soon after her arrival in Ogden she was sought after by the sick and needy on account of hetl kind disposition and sound, motherly advice;' this induced her to study the use of herbs for various ailments; which she did with great success; she also qualified herself for the position of. mid wife; iialthis.jrespect she stood high in the estimation of those who needed her services; indeed there are thousands in this county who are indebted to her for - the valuable services she-- has rendered them and theirs Hundreds of times has she been roused from her bed to attend a sick child, or minister comfort to some who had been bereaved. , V : Sometime in M and within a stone's throw of her home.the team with which she was driving became unmanagable, and she was thrown violently to the ground, and received very severe injuries, .from which she never fully recovered,. After suffering untold agonies from the effects oLtnis accident, which injured her right eye, an operation was performed upon it by Dr. " , TUITION, For further Information, address, t DR. M. P. HUGHES, Salt Lake City, Utah. at office, at 2 p. m . , at First East Sts. and Cor. of South .'Temple- Mor-monis- m - -- Weber, Weber Co " O. Box 575, Or- - ..for., personal -- interview, honest-hearte- semi-annu- al VMrlT-PURiUXGTON.- .'. P. as our rerurning to Utah with a company of Saints." The idea at" is God of the remarked, blessing upon once impressed itself upon the minds of this Bishop d all such gatherings.. The evening was spent in couple that there must be something in this old and where to cause people to leave the'ir all arid brave the tripped together young dancing, till eleven o'clock, when all departed feeling dangers of sea and land, and they began ifavestigatrng its . thankful to our Heavenly Father for the good principles. Elder Glover lost no time in making plain to was which a time it their understanding the Gospel plan of salvation, and with feelings prevailed. Surely Prest. of rejoicing. such good effect that they accepted baptism at his hands, . Mary Hkgsted, -UIIRISTENA liLGsTED, Sec. July a$, 1835. Elder Glover counseled Brother and Sister 'Gibson to try Pennsylvania to obtain work, and so raise' Jan. 30, 1889. The Stake secretaries of the Relief Society in the several Stakes of Zioa are urgently reStake reports quested to prep ire and forward them, so that they, will reach this city-o- n or before the 20th of March, in order that a complete report may be furnished the General Conference in Aprils Direct to Dr. Romania B. Pratt, corner 2nd West and First South Streets, Salt Lake City. " VVesf ." - "wltli j " i er- " :v" . distr- "cTbeamed ildestort's-res- of puplc assembledand .the ex-- l "denceTtr pressions of sorrow were plainly visible on every hand. Every one felt they had lost a mother and a friend; one who" always had a kind word for them and good advice for their , . children.. " She was the mother of ten children, eight of whom are still living. She remained true to the cause she espoused . "on the broad Atlantic, and died full of faith and hope. laige-rromb- On February 4th, 1889,1 will open a Training School for Nurses; the object. beiug to mako educated nurses of wijmen and girls, and prepare thoiu.i for competent work either in hospital or private practice, so that skilled service can be furnished and good pay demanded. The luEtruetioh wiil Jm similar to that of. the Boston Training School, and will occupy a period of three months. Those not prepared to enter at the beginning of the course, may do so later, and preceding lectures will mjfideup to them. Special arrangements can ako be made for obstetrical teaching. Secretary. Christmas over with its joys and merriment, (which were mostly partaken of by the young,) so the Relief Society thought to gladden and of thelaged widows and sisters cheer left without a protecter. All went to work at the young once to, decorate sisters s pent -- the veniugiii making :flo we, :: bdrnjrt Purhjrn, while the older and more experienced put on were Wheatly Blanch and Ann Todner Blanch. They moved in the humbler ranks of society, her father being a the tiniihlng touch. the 26th, of Jan- - the government mail carrier. Being raised in a farming Saturday-morni- ng youth was spent as a farm hand, until Nov. 1 ith, Relief Society assembled at the schoolhouse ict,-her when she married John Gibson, a weaver; he was a with laden baskets"bf the best of earth's pi o- - 1843, - ducts. At twelve o'clock two big tables were sober, steady, industrious man, who soon rose from a simapprentice to the responsible position of foreman of surrounded by thelaged, and at the head our ple one of Ihe largest woolen mills in England, owned' by worthy Bishop lately returned from the peniJohn Jewett of Durham. On March 31st, 1855, they tentiary where he had been imprisoned for conemigrated to America, on board the Juventa. Here they science sake. It was a pleasing sight; every ade ihe atuaintancer.of Ekler VViHiaBV Glover; who waS the-heart- which- - w; lArherfaneral, - Mitchell, Someone has said, "A genius and great abilities are Dear Mrs. Wells: who successfully removed- - the same, and " ; afforded considerable relief. In the year 1883 her husband died. After the accident, she was unable to visit the sick as formerly, but she would 'give advice arid medicines; still she continued to practice as midwife until she died, which occurred SepterqbSTjrd "' ; 1888. CuJbertson. v The Leading Retail Casli House. B.K.THOMAS- Special to the Ladies. AT TEASDEL'S tr Will be found . latest styles and pioduction9ln - LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES,c FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIEH And an elegant assortmenf of 'dE-- T C3-OOID- S. ' . Special department for Ladies' Misses' and In - fant's Shoes 112, 114, 116, 118 East Temple Street TINNERS GASfVATER & STEAPsl FITTERS r Agent for KUMSSY3 celebrated LIfTand FOItv. B PUMPS. Pumps Repaired on short notice. Orders irono the country pcomptly resxnded to. "UTAilress. CA7ID JA1'S3. Box SALT LASS CIT7. 