r , WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 112 of members account for this to some extent, but Mr. Robinson we are striving to use what we have to the best advantage. We may say ihough few in number the spirit of unity pre vails, and all work harmoniously .together, and have great joy ia their labors,---The Society is doing its best, and - therje-ar- e no hard feelings among us. The Elders meet with" the sisters from time to time, and much valuable counsel; is given and cherished. It ha been the President's wish, and the sisters have so far carried it out to the best of the'Tiv -- we should go into the "ability, that when - different homes not "with a prying curiosity, or a patronizing air, but with true sisterly feelings and sympathy fin our hearts for the sufferings and irrsorrows of others-- . - We have endeavored tocarry relief and the precious truths we are in possession of together into the houses of those we visit, and rich is the rewar3when" we hearand see what happiness follows. There is a luxury above all others in this world, and it is the exquisite luxury of doing good to our fellow creatures, although we may be only messengers, only carriers, only instruments in the hands of others, there is one sight seen of us that few others ever see the grateful look, the eloquent tear, and the fervent "God bless you!" In the first blush of surprise and thankfulness lies our reward and the reward of the benevolent also. We desire to go 00 with this work and lighten many hearts and cheer many homes, and trust that means will ever be in our hands to give to the needy and sick and afflicted, and .health to carry on this noble work. Your sister in the Gospel, M. E. Scoles, Sec. pro tern., , "v - . . EMINENT WOMEN. 11. talk a great deal in this age, of origin- - W alilyand indiv4 opportunities have much to do with both. In a cen eral way wb nnd men and women oossi the characteristics of the time to which they belong. Thus we speak of remarkable persons as the best types of the period in which they lived. There are many elements that enter into the formation of character. The physical condition country itself, the pursuits incident to the time and place, and. othercon-sideration- s which belong to the period of one's existence have much to do with the lives of individuals. In writing of the Mesdamcs Montague, I have in.my mind asort of historicaipaWramaT or bird's eye view of the condition of society in England at the time, and I esteem these ladies as representative women of their day, and instead, of wondering why they did not maintain the intellectual equality of. the sexes, a3 exceptional women do in our day, I sinfply admire them for doing what they could to womaosociaily-aadducationally- rr . elevate This is essentially understand why. In some respects Elizabeth Montague (or as" she is often termed, the other Montague), was more illustrious that her predecessor, Lady Mary, though she never gained a title. Her maiden name was Robinson, and she wa3 born in 1720.. Elizabeth was educated with gret TeTTnlleTlheTSition ofDrTCongers Middle- too celebratedJEnglish divine. Accordin g to her letters written previous to her marriage, she was on intimate terms with .some of the nobility. She must have been very lively, for she writes to the Duchess of Portlanddescrib-in"an assembly to- - which they drove eight miles every full moon and danced till twelve." "I must tell your Grace, that my papa forgets twenty years and nine children, and dances as nimbly as any of thequ6rum; but is now and then mortified by hearing the ladies cry, 'Old of-th- e ............ who have a mind to appear you ng say, Well ! there , is ray poor grandpa, he could no more dance so F Then cornea an old bachelor of fifty, and shakes hinrby the hand" and crie3, 'Whyy'you dance like one ot us young fellows; another more in judicious than the rest, says by way of .'compliment, 'Who would think you hadsix fine children taller than yourself? 1 protest did not know you, I should take you to be -young.'Then says the" most antiquated virgin daughter.', - - g Qthex-l&d- ia 4 ifI jn the company, 'Mr. Robinson wearsmighty well; my mother says he looks as well as ever she remembers him; he used to come often to the house when giriJ "Mr.'.Rbbinson" married at the early age of eighteen, and .might not perhaps have been at this time more T-wa- rV thaitlortyFal though children. We -- have given our readers this little passage that they may have an idea of Elizabeth's early life. Miss Robinsou: married a man-- of wealth, and subsequently obtained "the reputation of a woman orieaTniog." Indeed she wa3 quite a power in her day, and drew around her a circle of learned and influential people of culture, who were anxious to be considered'in Mrs. Montague's set. -- "Great souls by instinct to each other turn, Demand alliance, and in friendship burn.' ' Even Johnson, with whom she had been on intimate terms, in alluding to her, said "Mrs. Montague has dropped me. Now, sir, there are people whom one should like very well to drop, but would not wish to be dropped by." &mong ner contemporaries we nna jonn3on, Boswell, Walpole, Mrs Th rale and Miss Burney (Madame d'Arbley), who all belonged to her coterie, and were entertained in splendor at her house, which Horace "Walpole calls "a palace and a noble edifice." Walpole writes that in the morning she'breakfasted seven hun-- . dred people. Miss Burney speaks of being present at one of her breakfasts when there were between four and five hundred guests at the table. Besides these magnificent breakfasts, and surpassing them in grandeur, her whole house was thrown open occasionally for great gatherings, or parties. But the most choice entertainments she gave were smaller where only "peoparties in her drawing-room- , assembled. of These were consequence" ple the friends she made a point of cultivatAt these parties it was customary ing. toformJalsemi-circlaround the fire, which would remain unbroken during the entire evening. The hostess usually sat at one end of the circle," elegantly attired and brilliant with diamonds, and on one side of her, the person of the "highest rank, and on the--r other, the one most eminent in literature" :- .Tis true (as the old proverb doth relate) , Equals with equals often congregate.'' George, Lord Littleton, was a warm admirer of thislalentedjady. It is stated she assisted him in the composition of his "Dialogues of T ' . the Dead." , At the time .of her great popularity, her manner was very stately and dignified, as became one so distinguished in the highest rank of wealth and literature. Elizabeth Montague was known and designated as the biues,: Scribblers "queenjhe to this. indebted are lady for the appelation She formed a literary society known a3 the Club; the name from the circumstance of a gentleoriginated man, who was a member, constantly wearing stocKings 01 mat oior, and has ever since been applied to women who affect literature. We must recollect that those were the palmy days of knee breeches; consequently the color of one's hose was a matter of taste in a man's ap' - :- - ... . blue-stockin- g. " Blue-Stockin- g pearancc, quite a3 much as the color of his necktie, or any other item of his, costume. Wo have to thank Mrs. Montague for giving literary women a - title. But this is not the only peculiarity for which she is famous. She TnvariablyaTeHarjnra to ainiie chimney-- s weepers of The metropolis, in honor of her kinsman, Edward Wortlev Montague, who was for some time a chimneysweep. There must have been some excellent qualities of heart, joined with humility, under- lying her pride and" love of magnificence, which prompted her to observe regularly this commendable cutom; and to remember in such a substantial manner,the poor chimney-sweeper- s "Of London, and also to perpetuateln the mind3 of all. the world her plebeian ancestor. 7 Her "remarkable gift of conversation, which was really her strong point, by means of which she drew aroundher aIFthelitefhat"a?e of critics, would designate her in the nineteenth century as a magnetic woman, which no doubt she was. Johnson said of her to his friend Boswell: "She diffuses more knowledge in her conversation thanany woman I know, and indeed almost more than any man." Mrs. Thrale replied, "I declare, I know no man equal to her, take away yourself and Burke, for that art" Some critics and reviewers, in alluding to her, have said: "It" is difficult to believe, from anything Mrs. Montague has left in writing, that her conversation deserved the high praise Johnson bestowed upon it." i: -- Who shall dispute what the reviewers say? Their word's sufficient; and to ask a reason In such a state as their's is downright treason. - -- The critics cut and thrust at her "Essay on Shakespeare," although they acknowledge that at the time itjwas written it was supposed to do honor, not only to the author herself, but toiShakespeare. Her "Letters" afford better reading, in their estimation, particularly those addressed to Lord Littleton, in which, says the editorrlfShedisplaystbe full- strength of her - wings. rnany MrsIontaguenlike did not outlive her women xf-- "brilliant parts," popularity,, friends had She died A. D. 1800, at the age of eighty years. There are many interesting little episodes in her life which are well worth recounting, but time and space will ' ; not now permit. "": although most of her passed away before her. old-tim- e ' Aunt R. S., Y, L. M. e . L Haysids and turn your ! ' ' Em. I. A. & P. A. REPORTS. BEAR LAKE STAKE. Minutes of ladies' conference, held at St. Charles, Jan 12th and 13th, 1889. After the usual devotional exercises, the branches of the Relief Society, were reported verbally by their respective presidents and representatives. Prest. J. P. Lindsay then addressed the congregation on the subject of storing grain an d setting good examples. HeiTemarks throughout were fraught; with Jntere3t, and were dictated by the Holy Spirit. L L The next speaker, Sister Sarah I. Holmes, felt grateful to God for the .many blessings we enjoy, and for the privileges we have of meeting together from time to time, and being in- structed in His ways; Set forth the duties of the members of the assoctions. folio wed bisterAnnie Eaker who dwelt at some length upon the responsi-bilitie- s of. parents, and gave some excellent advice to mothers, which will doubtless be appreciated by all who heard it. TOuh. Hart felt grateful that she ha been permitted to live to see the ushering in of a new year;.hoped to be able to live nearer to God in the future than sheTiad done in the past, and to be prepared to do more in assisting to -S- he-was -- : L.lr build up the kingdom of our God. 