W O MAN 31 E X P 0 K E N TV S the their magnificent physical organizations and taken into consideration. It is invariably will create domestic broils, proproportions, .and as long as women, possess plea that it etc. We their sensitive,-':- ; sympathetic,' -- maternal tem- mote dissension, provoko quarrels, distinctions of all know yery well that there'sre thousands of, peraments, just so long as these t. TT .1 -- women is vv ist, that gFat otaies, vreOTtqvcr-ubinds "men; and "women," will continue to at- and very likely, never will marry, for various tract them lo each pther. It half been said, Teasons unknown to us, and which we nae and truly. "If there be one thing of which not time to discuss; who is going to representthe interests of all these single women? cernature is careiui, sne 13 careiui oi ner types, many and while "that likeness in unlikeness sub- - tainly not the single men, they havo too native own In own. their atof interests : my sists which is at the base of all physical tiidTo tuousanas. iifl5H.. are statfi. ui uicuj. frrirtinn there is htthriearof sexual rela to do, interests tions being either reversed or annulled," They have lives to live, work knowhow to at- stake and they need the ballot as" a lever but let woman-as'w- cll them in their struggles for bread- protect herselr,ana stancunjux equai piauorm. taJiel p or" other pursuits, or for protection. "Lucy Stone, one ot the loremost women oi winning What does Emily Fieiiier say to tncmemoers the age, once said, Woman's nature is stamped ' and sealed by the Almighty, jmil there is no of Parliament ill Great Britain. "Necessity,. has presented itself to. the women of; our. genTMrUmrpr nf Her unsexincr i o herself, while His eve o eration with talons and beak more formidable watches her. ' those of the eagle, who drives the young Margaret Fuller, one of the earliest advocates thanfrom Thev-hanot- - sought- - the one 01 mo uiKuer.euuuiuuii ui Huuicumawtiiwi helterless strife with opposing prejudices and said. ",,One hour oi love will teach a woman frno rpltinnc tKnn all vnnr interests, but have been forced into it by the more r said, a great writer of incontrovertible,,law, which pushes the tribes philosonhizing.-TIie- se, of men over barren continentsnd out upon ,u nrnthfi tpctimnni t.1.4 "Ul. Ti.M... vJ uuuSei lue.,,mfiulJ. . who hacL studied Greek, and were only the nr wnmanlv for their stud v. ffliistratine which is urging our women upon new pains, and driving them upon a way which they would fh- u W- rptpr innlnrW iUIU ,mcu" v h.. Duchess de Fontanr'os ""S1" Tli i. tr o ia described as i i i r ii j. uw xit',1 noi.is wun ,ior, uejinu.inem.il im being, "as beautiful as an angel and as silly her beautyrbut P?S1Cbat aS a gooset Men worshipped before should resist their impul v.eaita on.i cT,n a .' foi'w ble , - 1 . l 1 a primal-fore-wh- ich gox-ex- ' -- as-ina- - nr . -- . 4 -- . . : - the-ues- t- w vc " J nf-Wnmn- n wJ 1 i-- ut -- : -- 1 . numbers out of the penfold in which their her own merits. 'What we want mostat the present time,; 13 to understand political questions and privileges, and make .study and land, and" nmtart a n in ant rirrht.a. nr TiroffSRPs tn nn sn; that if women are It is said,should is because that the sum is if they vote, and substance, oi the matter, that they- will "neglect the home, and will not cook the dinner strong-minde- d, - least, the poet tells us so, and oet was. a man; that man can everything except, cooks and giVes it beautifully in these words. by-the-by- " " thi t e 4i-witm- tr m ! may live without poetry music and.art, We withnnt onsrienre. and withmit hrftrf. iVo mao Wp. IIvp We nay live without friends' or may live without bdoks -- But civilized man cannot live. without cooks. "r3zxr" . He may live without books, what is knowledge but . i v grievins? is what without live hope but deceiving? He may hope, He may live without love, what is passion but pining? ; thp man n.,Ufc n,tro MVA V O " th.it can live without dininpl' ,U i . : - . . July,, 1st, 1889. - " yeara mat tne women oi Utah voted,. I never once heard it stated or that the bread was poorer, or the home J? themselvcr labor has more remunerative for higher and encountered the opposition of a jealously guarded monopoly, and ..tb.claijBj,.,fQr;;..ciJjzen?; ship nov formulated though enforced independence ha3 rendered it a right may be metseeing that it lacks the element of maierial force which, still enters largely into human affairs, on many sides with indifference and on some with scorn. But the stream of tendency which sets in the way of woman's advance is irresistible, and the vital rational principles incorporated in her claim could in the end win alone in the struggle with material ' resistance." . t Other remarks were made beside those embodied in these notes, but the main points are included herein. ; - r etiorts-to-tra- m . , . lheir --dear. " dioing-r-- he " ac- - tivitv.. was enclosed, and : forced .. to Feek the eciuivalent of their labor in an evtr viidenfng hn or the seventeen- - R. S.,Y. L. M. I. A , AND P. A. REPOR T3 - ' BOX ELDER. aro-ue- or the husbands shirt3 . without neglected,' r . . rDUttons, rrrrrrT" aa a or less euuuumj iu itiuc tliuuscuiuiu, on , went consequence. in iact,: every tning much the" same,- only a little better. Primary meetings ana vonveniions were mure interesting, and there was a fairer chance of getting good i merlin office, and notv nearly so much vrorry over elections as there is : - v - iiow-a-day- ? s; ference held at Brigham City June l2th, 1880. Pres. Minnie J. 8novr, Presiding. Singing, "The Spirit of God" &c. Prayer by Bishop 0. F. Whitney singing "How Firm a Fouuda- lV tion" &e. Uponthe itand were Bishop-S. B. E. Taylor and Whitney, Sisters Elmina Lake Salt Wells of City, also the leading O. . officer e: .Wells felt to speak in praise of the Young men, instead of a disturbing element. Tt niiMtion imii'riff' wnmnn's nf pmialitv Ladies of Brigham City and also to encourage a o- r o flip j is from the theinference usually drawn family,. them to persevere inthemtlvaXion-ofthe- 1 - ftalent3;btowdzupon-ihen- i that theymighlfat a. tli Ilia I U 1J ;tuo imcuiiuu'auu un., uuv.t noring the fact. Jhat men and, women were tain toUhe spiritual perfection which they de-- , sired. Spoke upon laith, humility and the apii vi w Muwwwiiv wuu iiULUAU UUiligO uuiuiv wifeand that they''.had ibrmeddeM,rievl7 preciation of blessings and gifts, and entreated 'f onrl Yirin?rhi . a n I ' a rr VprI nt. an flcrfi whpn t.hftv them to listen to counsel and profit by the exexeftea an mdiviauai muuence, inown ana perience of "the older asters. felt in the great world of mankind, if only Bishop 0. F. Whitney desired to speak those among their immediate circle; but in speaking thius that wouia oe appropriate ror the occa- of equal suffrage, this fact is very, seldom sion. "If this could always be so tnere would Li N of-th- ""7 1 l.l 1 I dull meetings, ' The spirit of God is tho snirit of truth." Explained the parable of putting old wino into new bottles as applying. toteaching things that are not appropriate to bo fewer a mind open to the spirit it will clothe them in fitting and appropriate language." ; Spoke v on the beauties of true poetry; "it contains everything that is lovely, chasto, and true. Mormonism is full of poetry; it is God s mode of teaching truth for the conversion -- of men-Ch- rist imgave teachings inpoetry- to make' pressions on the mind. You can learn, from -nature in all her4 bcantiful forms; they are"" Revelations form God. God's universe is built upon symbols." Tho unseen i3 greater than that which is visible. Tiro object of our mission ; here is to get back to our Heavenly Father. --This earth is not the heaven of our God, it is a foreign mission, a place of exile Wo must worship nothing here. We will go back to our Hnrns. Thus, death exists here." Spoke of mortal. "Earthlvy t hrtv nffrishabilitv of all things tj j j' things are symbols of things Heavenly. So long a3 we are fettered by evil passions we will be kept in prison. Woman as well as man is a symbol of God; sho i3 typical of the earth itself. Earth brings forth a3 a mortal mother. Aornin woman is tvnical of the church of Christ: by which our Spiritual nature is bujlt up; as woman sometimes brings forth children that are wild and wayward so does the earth brmg forth thorns and briars, ihc Church will - . w - t J ii . il i. people; nor will woman again be trampled upon. is King woman jsueenndjheyjwill reign side by side." Sister Lillie Freeze desired our faith and nravers that she misrht be able to speak in- structivelv to us. "It I am sufficiently humble r Man IwilL:be3blOc know3 its own "trials and temptations. Our greatest triumphs depend upon a subjection of our inherent evil passions. Let us seek to pre-- , form our "spiritual dqtie3 and give our soul3 l"Knifr in vrnicA ihe rriffa nf drc rVrv in nn. derstand the manifestation of God's power and comprehend the laws that govern them." Sister Freeze being moved upon by the spi ri t broke forth into tongues. Sister Wells gave the interpretation. Meeting adjourned until 2 p. m. Singing, and benediction by Elder . " - " .... J EphraitnJensem At 2 p. m. Singing, "0 Yc Mou n tains Hih." Prayer by Sister Perryf of Mantua.' SingingrZiOn StandrWitr Hilly&c. A correspondence between Mary Baird and was read Fannie GrabeLsubject "Moxmonism" ' ' . by. the writers. Christena Keller of Mantua, spoke on the subject of Profanity. Sister E. S. Taylor our General Supt. offered her usual pleasant greeting and expressed her pleasure in again beholding us in conference assembled. Her desire was to bless and benefit, "and none can t of the young thoughtlessly plunge into the world's pleasures and in the end ieap sorrow. In the year 1869, President Young-organiz- ed theso associations for mutual benefit. Let us so improve that hi3 exertions may not bo in vain. Tlic evil propensities of our natures seem to :predominate, therefore gle to do good deeds and perform duty. We must either progress or retrograde, and to do the former humble, heartfelt - prayer is 5.ecessaryf try 'ana male "duty a pleasure it i3 so easy to do that which we have a liking ' for "T blessed The Lord has you .wonderfully, to Him accountable more will be therefore you than are the people of the ' world. Prepare yourselves for the future responsibility that await3 you,- mat oi wne anu moiuer. 'Tissaid 'Man is know by the company he -- - - 