100 EXPONENT. WOMAN'S and the opposite side a dreary desert. I was -- pers came forth, their 'step so light, tb.cir face3 some serene muueuce hoping to enjoy with my companions a rest in the all at'low as though the throng I cool shade of this beautiful spot, but my Savior guided every thought. Among -marked one whose step was just- as light said to me ''Come ye apart'into this desert place whose lace, was as serene but till a affliction laid He awhile." there rest and When are heard Then clasp and sweet good nights he wandered from the crowd in a the gate's of little sad, and to near and me me very upon brought the and the hall; Far up stairway untrodden way; him I resolved to follonely I In cried death. distress u, "lie my pleased O, wedded loversparents fond low, lie led not to a bright cheery home or a to haste O Lord make to Lord deliver help of all. me, Children are happiest ' noisy street, but to the silent, lonely buryirg: cheeks me." those my touch tie graciously answered, dainty prajer O,' Angels, ground, and winding among tne torn Di aim clothed with-t- he vVith Heaven's love in guardian kiss, two of mounds finally halted before a simple ttoue on heallhesickandto and Priesthood Come, after years with all life hath, power Holy Emma. f. wliiclTwas cut faith of the with There'll be no sweeter time than this. Oil and the filled with prayer his by Anointing eyes As he read the inscription rr n and feet on I one red my and he knelt snow in placed the and tears lands right "TtyfoTthosalned anotner ray journey up4he hiu. I soon tound That have not learned the'Love and Light, up a prayer. I passed on but waited near tho I as and weak weary large rock in my path, and The 'Peace on earth good will to man' gate hoping to learn from him as he returned but was I wanted to sit down and rest, no, upward from, his lonely visit, the story of her, whose That shall each creature's wrongs" make right. and onward was the Motto set before me and O pity for those lonely isles memory he held so dear, for story I was sure J ' must not falter. With the help of my God I have there must be, a romantic- one at that, but I "That 'wait for Thee' through ages long, ' until I have climbed over these stumbling-block- s Where man is Master, or Is slave scarcely had imagiued anything so strange and sad as the tale I afterwards learned. And Satan holds his fortress strong. nearly reached the top of the hill, and looking The fctone marked the resting place of a wo I see an outstretched hand which I know to up, free once But pity more the seals be the hand of my Heavenly Father waiting to man, possessed of such grace and beauty as any own for truth's bound sake, Now prison of England's fair daughters could :bba3t, and ' help me over the last step. Who'll hear withiri their tow'ring walls - endowed with wonderful gifts and accomplish- awake. morn The sounds of Christmas I have but Thee oh,. Father' Let Thy Spirit . ments. ' of God word the borne For these who've Be with me then to comfort and uphold; she In her father's simple "English home No sweet home greeting and embrace, No gate of pearl, no branch of palm I merit had ever been the brightest flower, cheering" Yet faith shall heal the tender wound Nor street of shining gold. and comforting her parents, caring for and And light the gloom of e'en that place. amusing her'younger brothers and sisters, and Suffice it if my good and ill unreckoned,- And little children springing up delighting and entertaining them all, and their And both forgiven through Thy abounding gTace and On Christmas morn their joy will check guests as well, with her piquant manner I find myself by hands familiar beckoned A moment, just, the. while they "cling charming voice. Une evening a stranger iroin Unto my fitting place.' ' , London was brought to the little home and inAround their lonely mother's neck, of view-Yet by the.Name that crowns this Day, troduced to Mr. BV family by a friend, and Turning round to take a retrospective . We know this trial is for good, the road I have traveled, and taking special notice as was customary the father, always proud of That test will end when we have proved of the rocks and briers I have had to contend with, his daughter' beautiful voice, requested her to womanhood. and True manliness I am astonished to find that I have been permitted sing for their entertainment. The gentleman T adorto reach so near the top of the hill, and with instantly perceived that the quality ot her "So ring, ye merry Christmas bells the ordinary, and ing gratitude; I acknowledge the hand of my voice was far beyond From lofty spires and flying sleighs, . a musician, and. director of an orchestra, Father through it all, and especially do I thank Though joy is sweet, His loved ones' tears host and Him that He has permitted me to come on this (though this fact was unknown to his M ore precious are than sounding praise. . " .. family,) saw an opportunity to make some gain earth at the time when he has revealed the everAnd, by some angel messenger as well as pleasure through -- cultivating these-neTidingsof love in prayer will send lasting Gospel, and lww"'thatnvhmeverfc'trials:' ' Till comes the time when all at home acquaintences. He praised Emma's voice He may call me to pass through in the near future, The blessed Christmas hours shall spend. ,ReLwilL(l but never admitting his own profession or weakest of His Saints. of music. He appeared to be knowledge Dec. 8, '89.hearts our to '. y be able a as we purify people May all the time simply enjoying the melodies, while before Him, that we may stand perfect and comhe was trying. to note the compass,the strength, His in sight. plete OLD AGE. the power, the patho3 of this gentle girl's most . Mary Y. Corby. wonderful voice. That evening was but the We often speak of old age as going down the beginning of a series of calls, and the gentle hill I rather like to speak of it as going up a man came at different hours trying to gain all and then EMMA. opportunity to meet Emma alone steep and rugged hill, or mountain where we have make her an offer, wMeh to climb over first one rock and then another TTTiriNKSGIVCfG STORY. on account of their religious prejudice might-'reject- , and torn with alternately4)ruised-with-stone- s but believed that he might persuade her briers which grow from the bottom of the hill to The snow had been falling all through the to accept. The opportunity finally came. One the top. It is now many years since I began to ascend night and the morning light found everything evening some strangers from America were this hill. I surmounted the rocks pretty readily in the little town of L. sleeping beneath a soft, holding a meeting in a large hall not far essed to be at first, but 1 found that the higher I ascended the white coverlet which the sun's bright beam3 distant from Mr. B's. They prof g turned intoa mass-o- f sparkling gems. elders, teaching as Christ and His Disciples steeper was the hill and the more difficult I found on brow the of the taught, and some excitement had been worked the pretty town it to progress, and as I advanced I found I needed white temple, which with its up through their coming, and Mr. B. had pera some supernatural help. I thought of my Savior hill stands great snowcovered towers and turrets seems' even suaded his wife4a go with him to hear them. and knowing that rie nad traveled a rugged path whiter now, and watching the fleecy clouds just Emma wa3 left at home in charge of the while on this earth and that He was able and leaving one large clear, blue space children and had just finished helping them off' separating, and to I with tne to me, sympathize help willing above its snowy roof, one fancies that glorious to bed and returned to the" little parlor to enjoy faith for and His and guidance, sought by prayer monument the dwelling place of angels a few moments practice when the door bell panyme Hl now dropped from heaven to cast a ranV She felt sure it was her new friend. To only just rAU litft Fmma. simolv reared, but sensitive up the hill. I also found it necessary to take the, divine light over the broad, beautiful valley ' " " : b promises of my Heavenly Father for my staff.and and refined to a degree beyond her surround-insrth- e beyond. I began to search the sacred Scriptures for those, 'Twas the Jast Thursday in November. A attentions t)f a cultivated and intellimost suitable to my circumstances. I sought fair, cold, silent day, ix duy when one prefers to man are very flattering, and when they gent counsel and encouragement from the Prophets-Da- vid remain indoors and enjoy? the warm fire, the become so marked as Mr. Heading's were,could and-th- e exhorted me to be of good courage assurgames and stories not help but touch her heart, such was indeed sumptuous dinner ing me thatthe Lord would give strength to His whichLtbis holiday usually calls forth; bat a the case". She knew- - the sound of his step, her hand, people, for said he, "I sought the Lord and Ht few found a sweet pleasure in ascending the and her heart throbbed if he touched heard me and delivered me. from all my fears." hill to the temple and enjoyinjjVItar few. hours -- the blood rushed through her vein'3 and tinged " With this staff for my "support and the company within it3 sacred walls mingling their voices in her face, as his eyes rested upon her with' such of my Saviour I felt I was advancing. Others praise and thanksgiving to the Father. I stood looks of admiration and afl'ection as he olten bestowed upon her. She scarcely dared to bewere on the road with me, but although aged like without, listeniug to the sounds of music and at: the distant landscape where the lieve he loved her and wa3 loth to acknowledge myself, they seemed to get over the rocks easier looking that when she knew ,m J htit c10 VJVV " kUfitb CUU than I did, consequently were a little in advance f river wind among lub uiue iar biretcning tiiu, i t. au a beatiti urapt4iatrang but we al struggled-ountil wrcameHo-discon great outer door was opened and the worship presence alonej;hased every unpleasant, tul piece of green-swar- d on one side of oar path But, happy as e'er bride or groora, ' The children's hour at last is found, "The arch triumphal of their day The fire place with, stockings-'round- . but-slowe- r, fc uy-sendi- His-serva- - - nts, - the-nam- . was-agai- -- -- - 1 , : .. . ' - w - . , - " ; Over-lookin- . -- gracidusly-xondescended-4o-aceo- m ; o I n 