09 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. CHILDLESS HOMES. God pity the homes where no children's feet Run in on the carpet with mud from the street; For their merry laugh and their love intense, For faults like this more than recompense. is -- R. J, J;n LEAVES FROM MY JOURNAL. J TANNER. Continued God pity the woman whose snowy neck No children's encircling arms bedeck; i ' For no jewels of gold, or rubies rare, Iabeauty and richness with these compare. I'lV .: . lives on the farm where my husband's grandmother used to dive. The place looks dilapidated and it is very hilly and rocky all around. We go in the house awhile and can on his wife. They have some fine looking children but his and careworn. Her wife looks cheek has lo3t it3 rose, and her form its roundness, and the only prospect I see before her to bring encouragement is in her children. She strives as -- many a 'noble woman has striven,' through poverty and toil, to raise them the best-h- er circumstances will admit. She lls cheerful, and gives us a pleasant welcome --We go over to the "fbller," a piece of land where the trees have been cut and the stumps not yet cleared out. It is used for meadow but it .would be impossible to use machinery to cut the hav on account of the rocks, hills and stumps. I have been quite anticipating. rajL strawberry trip, lhey tell me mat me wnci -- God pity' the homes, the whole world 'round, Wherein no children sweet are fonnd; For beitthehome of the poor or great, A home without children is desolate. Lynn Item. over-worke- d . SOME DAY OF DAYS. Some day, some day of days, treading the street, vVith idle, heedless pace, Unlookmg for sucbr grace, r. I shall, behold your facet . fn'e meet. Some day, some day of days, thus may . Perchance .the sun may shine from skies of May, Or winter's icy chill Touch lightly vale and hill; What matter I shall thrill "Through every vein with sum mer on that day -- will all come back, Once more life's perfect youth And for a moment there . I shall stand fresh jandjair the And drop garment, care; more Once my perfect youth shall nothing lack. thiiing how 'twill be, ; How face to uce, each soul ' Will slip its long control, Forget the dismal dole Of dreary fate's dark, separating sea. I shut my eyes now", i ' And glance to glance, and hand to hand in greeting. -. -- The past with all its fears, Its silence and its tears, Its lonely yearning years, Shall vanish in the moment of that meeting. - : Elizabeth Stuart Phelps. atTawhrrie8ar0ucb--finer--flavord'Hhan-:the cultivated ones, and the thought of searching amon' the erass and flowers for the luscious fruit carries me back to my childhood days oiice more. Alter searching awhile we una a few small berries not much larger than a good sized pea. I pass them by with disdain, but finally Aurilla says she thinks we will not find any better ones and we commence picking, the largest ot course always linuing me way w my mouth." llie sun is very hot, but a cool breeze finds U3 now and then. Aurilla and I get RpnarMpd: 'Sometimes I look for her and find the object of .myscrutiny - but a stump; for the ,foller"has been burnt over to jrftt rid of the brush and debris of the fallen trees: and sometimes when I think I ee a stump in the distance it moves and It know it big-blac- . k 'TIS SO Some find work where some 7 Imdrrelt, And so the weary world goes on; I sometimes wonder which is best; The answer comes when life is gone. ,s---- . . - thpm-nfrllftD- K . ' " -- T .P , 1 1 IT ii . mother married him, and I write uown me stone. After leaving; epitaph from her tomb . . , i t .i the cemetery, wTe drive along tne roaa pasc lrivelv cottaces and pleasant farmhouses, with beautiful-water- -v- s iew-dotted here and there with green islands; thieo , tell me, just cor- hundred and .sixty-five. - theyn lir j responding with the days oi me year. eiop . 1 where Caleb introduces me as his cousin's wife from Utah. Artemus has a nice family con- wnv Hfliirr lifers r e hi -t r VI - ana a j'rana- -. full if HVJ tH'l i I J toiIo C1CH1JL1 i p -) j- v J iuiijw leaves me here where I spend a pleasant even UO.U Li U Lwl . 1 Uv. f -- ' ing . '. -. the morning but quite warm inithe afteinoon. It looks like some ot - our- - canyon. country. Large mountains in the distance ana nuis ana trees all around. Alter tea run. lanner goes -- . with me for a walk on the hill. The black-- : berries are not ripe yet and she tears mey win kWs cn.o nnunt nr the nrvJ weatner. inev C I Uli J m,vvvv" summer. this have not as much rain as usual Wo bavft alovelv view of the Lake and sur rounding country. We, pick a few juniper Urs..c r,i. if ffrmrii a i nvpr tnp. mil ana x am told is a great nuisance in this part of the Jooks country. It is a low sprangly.bush andwinter- We gather dwarf cedar. our some like ... . .. .. i gref n whici grows ' Artemus "Bolton. Saturday, June 20. went to Glen's Falls yesterday but is at home me.ome items today, and has promised to give Viistnrv- - Mrs. T. i3 a pleasant in- a nice telligent woman and we are having visit. 1 have been writing nome, ana jearmug some knitting patterns, Mrs. T. has a knit quilt which she put in the fair. , iSfrs. T. who is -a Baptist 91 I j y "went to church and Artemus sat down to give tha Inn (T nro m ised familv history or rather such record's as he had of it, which I carefully- note down for turther use. Alter ainner we cousin go for a ride and call on Mr. Perkins a oi me iamny, ivr. a niua io u.u. i VnUor. "the ladv of the house, who is a cousin, entertains us, and 1 get a lew geneoiogies irum and 1 gc...down her-llrTkumTMrsiiiiex s. .: , 11 n ITf- I to the lakeior a waiK. we nave a uu vi.w, and I try to find a lew pebbles or shells to carry borne, but find little worth notice. After o supper Mr. I. takes me io ir. x umcjr- nuwo they all welcome me warmly. LXJ . ntTe-mjrrviwstv- - " : ,'U-IV- jr w -.- i TI , -c- ; ertainly-isrdelicious. . ? . mir-tpp- n over-grow- n . Some wills faint where some wills fight, Some love the tent, and somethe field, I often wonder who are right The "ones whostrive, or those who yield? Some hands fold where other hands ' Are lifted bravely in the strife; And so thro' ages and thro' lands Move on the two extremes of life. J'f : Some feet halt when some feet tread, , In tireless march, a thorny way; Some struggle on where some have fled; Some seek when others shun the fray. " S V ... v Some eyes sleep when some eyes wake, ' And so the dreary night-hour- s go; Some hearts beat when some hearts break; I often wonder why 'tis so. , m We spend the afternoon with Caleb and his ujc ivu. tamily ana waiK nome, auout a mue.filled with is through the woods which are blossoms, and the air is sweet wtli meir per Blackberries, raspberries, and thimble berries are putting forth their blossoms with n rnmiftA. .nf an abundant harvfest-- " for Aurilla makes a strawberry-shortcak- e After supper and, it Bertha the on lake, supper we go for a row THE MAYFLOWER AT PLYMOTH. and Lppie and 1, Jiertba is iJecKy Ann s girl with vpar old dausrhter an There ha3 been completed recently at the bright black eyes and a promise of something much better than life at present afibrds for her. capital a painting which is attracting not only for the artistic features of Eppie a boy of about eighteen is one of David's attention, interest hired hands. He has a fine intelligent face, the work but also for the historic, work of The painting is the attached. rnifl? as we float out on the glossv water they usumgwu. min gle m the - Harrison xasiman, vi sin cr together, and as at Plymqth the of arrival the Mayflower sents their soft twilight, T weave a little idyl for for Mrs. Le- future. We go to the'fartherest end of the lake Rock. The picture was painted u. which 3 about two miles, around twin islands, land btanlora, wne oi Denaior oiamuiru, laand of long and back by echo" point, where they s'end their California, and is thy result borious research on the part of the artist. It vmVps hut in shouts and. laughter, to be taken work-- is isTid -- that -- the pritpaid fpr-tup and of the iale opposite Mr. rutney s is imea wun - I OFTEN WONDER WHY. " ... Jl - 17.1885. Trout Lake. N.Y. Wednesdav. June . Aurilla and I go strawberrying this morning. One of the hired men is going up in the woods with me truck, tne miming gears oi me wagon. coupled long for hauling logs,) andwe ride with him as far as Caleb's home. Caleb -- w - many people that I have heard mother Tanner talk about, and write them down in my journal. - ; God pity the woman upon whose breast No child was e'er sung tents evening's rest; For no song e'er tossed on the peaceful air With' a .rnother!s lullaby can compare. , . desolate." BY M. ww--- - A A. God pity the man, who with all life's care, Hat nn roguish bahy 0 puM his haitj As home he returns at eventide, " "y And sits him down, by his own' fireside. co-over s, Some sleep on while others keep, Thevigils of the true and brave: They will not rest till roses creep Around their name above a grave. God pity the homes the whole world 'round, Ib which no children bless'd are found; For be it the home' of the poor or great,' AJioiae-withoutchildre- woods and is pointed out to me as lovely picnic grounds. I can readily believe it, and think I there some day. We would like to the white ones gather a few yellow water-lilieare not in bloom yet. As we laud on me pan Another TOW". woV nrnmisd 1 r V w- nursplvps ' ana norso a UaieD IS. June gets Thursday, buggy, and takes me out to see the country. We visit the cemetery ami waiK aoout amomuhe eraves of a bvgono generation, lhe roses- - arc in bloom ami earth iooks very fiftv Jnof oqJ 5f . rnraA w - - tn t i liOiiU ll J i Some swords rust where others clash, Some fall back where some move on,' Some flags furl where others flash Until the battle has been won. - , their-voic- es it w -- he -- Kjatgd-Again-aad 