m WOMAN'S EXPONEN T. Woman s Exponent EMM&LIAE D: WELLS', Editor. in Salt Lake Clt7r Utah.. Terms: oneoopy one year, 52.00; ojie copy six months, 81.00. -- Ten r copies for the price of nine. rates: Each Advertising square, ten lines of nonpareil one time, 82.50; per month, 83.00. A liberal discount ip&ce, ... to regular advertisers. v,r:. Exroszx? office, No. 25 E., 8outh Temple Strect,'sccn(J B'usiness'hours from 10 a.m . gite east of Deseret Ncjrs Office. to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. V Address" all business communications to '.' rnblSdscml-montblr- , I ( typographical part of the work is excellent. After, having perused the.book we shall give a more extended notice, arid in the meantime we trust it will have, as it certainly oughLaT wide circulation. Price, cloth binding, $3 00, leather, $4.50. pamphlet form, a very suitable size for handling or for binding; larger outsljdethan Harper.s Monthly; with three column pages, but only containing thirty-tw- o pages of reading matter. The paperis intended to combine the current news as a news paper and magazine, and may be properly first number-i- s filled wituL "NEWrYEAIL'SGREETIEG original articles rom .writers well known to the themes of interest to the To community, My Sisters: people here, and well worth preserving to beiead I wish "you A Merry Christmas and A Happy in the future as well as to send abroad to the Year! In all our. varied circumstances a New world The opening' of the volume is a' poem Saints-we-have a right to acknowledge the hand "Thought's Martyrdom" bv the piftedoeTof of God in all things. This encourages and ion, u. r? y nitney,.lpuowed by "ideas of us in ourjabors in the Relief. Society ' PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXK)NENT, s; 'subject uptfn strengthens Government," by G.Wr-P.-,-a- 7 at this lime; it makes the hearts of the poor rewhich much may be said educational to the peoSalt Lakk City. Utah. TT joice through the diligence and thoughtfulness of ple. A story follows, opening with the saying Jhose who minister to them in doing good, being... Entered' at the PoifVfflce in Salt 'Ixke City, Utah, aT ;TrulhTssTra with in our the teachers harmony a worthy bishops ; :X Second CXats Matter, ;7 course that itis a if ite story and -- will therefore be both male and female, find the needy and see that interest to those who read it. "The nonelack for the comforts of life, and thanksgivV. R., ."Among the "Relations S. of Lire," by S Lake City, January 1,1889. ing ascends to the Father, instead of the cries of Mexicans," by Ji E. Talmage, "Curing a Cold," suffering. We have had no paupers formerly, and C. W. Stayner. "Spectacles a Necessity," by the absence of saloons and places of refuge that Romania B. PxattIrD., "Holiday Changes," a follow THE NEW .YEARJ889. intemperance, which belong not to Latter-da- y poem by Lula) characteristic of the times; another Saints. We are compelled by lawow to The Exponent wishes its readers A Happy by Mrs. Woodmansee ''Stand Your Ground," submit to some of these. The United" States Nevr Year, in- every land and clime, wherever possessing the genuine ring-- of Mormonisra. "A think the precepts of the Bible too good for MorNew Wiiliston Chris Mountain the by Year," from, Godfrey Happy be, region, Rocky they may mons to practice they must only believe; these tine, contains much information on the subject of to the borders of the Mediterranean, and thence things make us sorry; although over eight hunNew Year's in other ages and centuries etc, to the shores of Hindostan, or upon the islands dred true wives married for time and all of the Pacific sea. To one and all it extends "Martyrs to. the Truth7' Josiah Burrows. "A (for death ends all matrimonial covenantseternity in this F. C. Jr., "The Late Fair," Peculiar, Race," sincere and cordial congratulations,upoh the ad world at present), we will wait and call upon our ar al Resurrection-e "Th ccture ortheNew-YeCaigh by Essay ;hapffritTn"ay:provea'yeari vent Heavenly rather for aid, jfori strength (for the and other articles and miscellaneous in E. In jourhalThis styledra and-upo- n. , ; -- -- : '. : of-great- er alt -- - : J. of prosperity, the acquisition of knowledge, Taylor, means accumulated for the Support of the 'family the growth of intelligence, in the success of matter make up a very interesting number. The must go for fines), to rear the children, in the path in is or in and of extension and the "advance, "life, payable, year, per price liberty 2.50, science, of honestyand uprightness, and to teach them to half year $1.50. Twenty will comthe pursuit of happiness"! to all mankind, irren honor our constitution. fifty-tw- o the as a numbers would and was or it creed volume, of plete although party; spective is it Knowing truly a religious conviction that size be a suitable not for with an in Success to ushered binding. seemingly unpropitiously the acts of fathers- - and mothers to take the new' be it but an who knows the of enterprise. sun, may eclipse upon themselves the heavy responsibilities of. the-sfar more out shine and for good, augury "The Story of the Book of Mormon," just large families, and the knowledge that we have brilliantly after being darkened by the lesser ligh t issued received the Holy Ghost through obedience, as by Elder Geo. Reynolds, is unique in its of the mbon,-aTi- d then grow we ar y , but be and will, certainly enhance the value" t h e5ib!e;'ifettSj4et--us.-.ii- ot the history t)f the ivorld, that the people will be originality, faithful unto the end, in doing good and loving q that wonderful book, which formsYhe founda proud to look back upon as he turning point in tion of the work; a book that seems to have our sisters uas ourselves." Mothers, our beautithe road toward a higher civilization, that shall troubled the: ful, healthy, loving children, cherish them, for enlightened world so much, because Ais with curtains of strength t envelop humanity of the manner of its coming forth, as also its pecthey are gifts from God. --Under these peculiar, and love, and raise the banner of freedom aloft uliar-style, and trying conditions, fonder are the affections for and the general character of the lor all to gaze upon wonderingly. the darlings, and as the family circle is the center workritsclf, and its striking similarity to the That a glorious time .is coming has long been Hebrew of bliss and sunshine in time and eternity, let us Bible. The "Book of Mormon" has ptedicted,andjarhy not now? been a source of discofmort and of anxieto' to with pale stars 6fJiopehatgro As all, even those who persecute us, are our speak, from the time when it was first announced and brighter the midnight 'hour of ignorance Father's children, we can pity 'all mistakes ; those U1U " v past, for light has come into the, Plates in a hill near is.doubtless, Xu Palmyra, until thepresent t that come through misrepresentation, and all, even world, and truth has burst forth in rich effulgence our worst enemies, we pray for, and while the day. it has been one of the most important fac- and ere long it shall assuredly triumph oyer error tors in the history of this Church, and wherever merry Christmas rung through all Christendom, and sin, and the reign of righteousness begin. the name "Mormon" how little did the world think of the loving hearts is heard the story of that Speed the time when strife and enmity shall cease wonderful book is told in one form or another that are wrung in prison, innocent of wrong doing, ; and the world rejoice in a reign of peace. and of the desolate hearts and hearthstones in generally so sensational and highly-colore- d and : Utah. .so far wide of the truth that it seems strange : that people do not know that the tale is false. Here women are organized and have power to However,at last, after sixty years, a story is do much good; it will show, some joy and honor too. May we ever be true to the trust and confi- actually told on the s'ubject that can be relied "Salt Lake City "Illustrated" is a hand- upon. The familiarity of the writer with his dence bestowed upon us; bridle the tongue, by some work by D. C. Dunbar & Co., issued recent, lhemeJs well Joio wn to the people here, a ndh e i s - ceasing to speak detrimentally of any, for all ly in Omaha. It containsyover fifty views of the certainly able to have a portion of infirmities, and there is evejr present the subjects he describes city from various points, very fine cuts of business in a manner that will be attractive and room for improvement, and by extending mercy, entertaining and other public buildings and large and commoto all who read for jthe sake of obtaining true it is f3rQmied - to us. - Read a little eachi day, my dious residences, churches, etc., taken correctly The book is handsomely, illustrated. dear sisters, if but ten minutes, and we will lay up from photographs, In addition to this there is an knowledge. The first picture is a copy of the painting, ."Jesus treasures of knowledge; besides mental . and accurate description of the city, its rise and pro Appearing to the Nephites," by Wm', T. Armj. "spiritual strength for performingjour daily duties, gress, rby RrWrSioatrrTbebooknta tagein aheLogan T'emplerzTtTeYision of and these are the first consideration The" monthly -"and paper, paspsheavy visits of our ever faithful teachers are a great blessNephi," "The First Sacrifice On The Promised chanlcal work in the very Jbest style. It gives Land," "Nazareth," "Discovery of the ing to the Saints; these special represent the stranger a very ood idea of Salt Lake City Records"Babylon," of the Jaredites ti vesin the of "The Vision kingdom nf God,with the sister teachers. and its environs, and will be a goocl thing to carry LtrahitAnd other illustrations descriptive of f the May they ever be endowed ,wtth wisdom, discerna general impression of the beauty and outside '.hoo forty-twin all, must intensify the interest ment, and a" goodly portion of the Holy Spirit, appearance of the town. The work shows comWe,have not yet had time that none Imaylsuffer, and inay they: ever (have tj5l1it.cJ?ry, mendable enterprise, as well as possessing conto read the book sufficiently careful to be able to f wise counsel to comfort tnVafilicted; siderable merit on its own account. For sale at review it properly, but feel much interested in th The counselgiven us from the brethren of the Dwyer's Book StoreYMaia St, 40 cts per copy. matter of the subject work. It is handsomely Apostles a fewr day s since was for the sisters to " The Deseret News,- - Company has just issued a bound and certainly presents an attractive exterior : continue theit goodworks, as Sister Eliza ajad her paper entitled, "The Deseret Weekly." It is in The book contains nearly 500 pages, and the ; CouClelors, with others, hid done and had taught six-numb- ers God-give- un ... : " T J, r-i- . . editcIrial notes. , , are-'ou- o mk; . , 