WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 158 American Committee on Union; except in the "sense that they could have a fair idea what their -- Committee would -leaptJo .Foster Avery, Sec of Ar. U' S, A,, Com m it tee (mt?nio7i7 Philad e ph i a,TFe br ua ry i g, iBBB. jcctdt-io.-r'Rache- l & P. R. S., V. L. " - : 1 " 'At the Stake conference, 23d and 24th,which conference wa9 of this Stake, was held at Mesa,"Sarah M. Pomeroy was. ap 'The quarterly c JieMJn -- theiMrlr Hall, December:;2 Oth, lisSSe Tjtoi nted to fi I tfaepl a ,ceof S i st er - Er G E. G. MacDonald. presiding JJonald, as btake President, with barah lv I lu SHcl a rM7B."Ar:Iio teorr,-- a 3 cou n org . - We had a very pleasant refuuion ofthe Sarah E. JKusSQll, the roll was caiieti, ana Relief Society of Mesa, on the 7.2 7th at the minutes of. previous conference read and ap."jii Society Hall, as a farcwelf party to our proved. ,: PresidentMaeDonald was pleased with again president, and a very sociable' and having the privilege of meeting with the sisters agreeable time was enjoyed by all who partiof this Stake, in conference. Thought this, was cipated. Dancing was indulged in by those who desired, both old and. young taking part. the la-- t time she should have the opportunity In the course of the eveniug, our president was for some time at least Wished their 'faith -- ami prayers,. that we might have a joyful time presented with a beautiful maroon plush covered toilet case, for a lady. It was presented by Sister together, and all be benefitted. from the Sarah E. Russell, as a token of love and Reports were then called for - different branches, which were responded to respect, 'from the Relief Society of Mesa, in choico words suited to the occasion, she by President M. A. Hakes, of Zenosf Presij MacDonalcirra : dent Lizzie briefly reviewed her labors of love amongst us. Klimman, Almy; and President Susan Savage, Sister MacDonald wras deeply affected at this Papago branch. Their reports showed decided fresh proof of the love and respect in which J iaprovement in the faithfulness o'f th e mem-- ; she was held. She responded in a feeling bers, jwhicli was very gratifying and encouragmanner, said she should never forget the many Zion-at happy'hours spent in the society of her sisters, ing to all those who have the welfare of heart. The speakers being earnes t and and wherever her lot might be cast, should 1 1 e !pi emb e r h em w i t rjaje fu a ffec t i on . spirited in. the testimonies borne. J hg On fhe evenimof the 28th, which wa3 the President MacDonald was well pleased "with truthfulto their bore the reports, testimony evening before her departure, a few of her friends planned to surprise her with a visit, ness. As she had visited the various branches since our last conference and found a good and with pic nic and social conversation, the spirit prevailing wherever sue went, opoke ot evening passed pleasantly, away. .. S..M..P, Ha imnnrtant position which teachers helcf "" RIGBY. in the society. They should have the spirit of . " ' t rIa 1 1 -- . " ' prayer in their hearts continually, that they might know tfndunderstand the hearts "of thoselhef islmdfthar theyin!ghtiSRMaWcll' would hn needinstructiontod in part-suful and beneficial. The president and counselors should meet with them and instruct them, and encourage them in their duties. Sister Mac Donald then said she would re sign her position as presidenta she expected, to leave in a few d avs and j oin her husband in Mexico. Spoke feelingly of the pleasant associations she had formed with the sisters of this Stake, should always remember it with plea- spirit --of inspiration sure; prayed hat-themight rest upon all who. desired to do right. President C. I. Robson, then followed with a very interesting and instructive discourse, " showing the necessity for t hese organizations, and clearly defining the duties of the mem" bers; spoke concerning thee teachingof our easily made children, said' impressions"-arupon the mitids tjf th yoinig. We should tcack4bim: . ..' i' i . "' " O wore set as watchmen upon the towers We should do away with hard feelings jto- wards eacn oiner, ana learn iu lurgive, as we Ex pressed - regret at w. nld bo forgiven. President MacDonald haviug to leave us, andappreciatively or her, labors among us here, and4ii- difficulty of to iill her placlaudj the wisdom needed Jo direct and lead for the best good of all; and mcutieihara vote- - of thanks be - extend ed : to Sister MacDonald for the faithful discharge of her duties and -- labors in our midst, the motion was seconded, and carried unanimously. Counselors RHsicir Editor Exponent: MThe-R.:S.rr- Lrovely -t- -- - - .:8eleclmV-s.uitalJfi.per-s- - appropriateteniarksv""'"'"-:"- " ' 7--- Counselors Henry Rogers, CharleslAllcn, A. I. Stewart, made encouraging remarks, which were listened to with great interest Sistii-- s :EreTt7Alleii "alfd-Biggsffe- fe" Oar: the-differ- ent auwers-oniie- - firstprirr-- -- ' ; t 1 on on Bishop Carddri, singiug,'"In -D-eseret.'-'Minutes-of" ciples of the Gospel a class- of the larger children; song by Sarah E. and Laura P. Call, "Put my little shoe away;" recitation by Rusell KJiomer; dinlogue between Olive" Robbins and Edith Saxton, on housekeeping; recitation by Job n 'Saxtoff, "Give,- t'Ke lit tie d ueti)y rjomas : Eatul Ch as. boy aeha Domaii, 1 wo 1 it 1 1 e b rd 3 are we; recitation, Alfred R. Homer, ''The first cigar;" the fen commandments, in verse by the smaller chil " of-Zi- -- Miss Edith raxtmay -.- . their annual meeting on February Sister Annie Robbius, presiding, the P. A., " 'Tis Meeting Day," associations were then read and approved, and theT annual reports --of -- each - association were read, and officers sustained. A vacancy of the second counselor having occurred in the Primary Association; Sister Elleuor- Homer, was elected and set apart to filljdiat position, the: Primary Association then proceeded with th ei r -- exercises as follows. Opening add ress : ; - . ! - . 11 , Ir-4 Rigby, held 25th, r88'9r singing by prayer by ch ' what was the matter with me, but as the tumor grew I could feel it throb and beat, and then I knew by what I had read that it was a tiimor. Xkept getting larger- - all the time until Pcould scarcely get around, and sometimes I would be in such dreadful pain, that I could scarcely eudure it; I would send for the Elders continuallyf but still J grew worse. I did not know what to do; I had so many .times in my life' been healed by the Elders, I began to feel nearly, discouraged. I well remember one day about the middle of last August, I was suffering terribly;:! could not get in any position to get one bit of ease, and' it seemed as though could not live the pain was so- great; my husband was in the field cutting Iucern at the time. I sent one of the. children after him aud one after the elders; they administered to me; the moment they took their hands off my head the tumor burst and the water ran freely; the pain gradually went away, but I could not lie down; the moment I attempted it the water would rush to my heart and nearly smother m e. Th is was on. Th rsdayy and the n ext Sunday night I was so bad that I sat in the rocking chair all night except what time I was walking the floor. That night I told my hus band we would have to. put a little more work with our faith or I could not liver the next day he went to Ogden and brought DK Allen. When the doctor looked at me he said he would tap me if-- 1 was not so weak; I told him if he could relieve, me to do so, and I would run the risk of standing it. He put a band around me and I went through the operation. I sat in a chair, held a cup in one hand the tube- - in the other, until three gallons of liquid were taken from the tumor, and that night I had a good rest; the doctor advised me to go to Salt Lake City and get Dr. Richards to take the tumor from me and the next Wednesday morning my husband and I went. We went to the Deseret Hospital and sent, for Dr. Richards; he came and talked very kind and encouraging to me. He said he conld not take the tumor juat then, the weather was too warm; he told me to go back home and wait until the weather was cooler and then he would do all he could for me. I came back home and the tumor began to fill tip again and grew very fastL hegantoTtvonder-- i f I could never get wellro I thought L had better v prepare for the worst. So the first thing I began tovish our children couid be sealed to us, for we had nve children before we were sealed at the altar. We had four children married and three were living in Snake River Valley. I wrote to them nd told-thmy conditionrandthat if they could possibly come I would like to have them do sor and they were soon all ready to go -- to the temple; we went, had our work done and returned home. By this time it was getting cool weather, and 1 was getting larger every day, and I had to sit up and sleep, and some days I had to be propped up in bed. I knew there was only one chance for me to live, ana 1 thought I would take that chance; we got ready to go to Salt Lake, though I did not know how I could go- - I had been in bed several days, J could stand my. husband Was wondering-hothe trip the way I was, so the night before we . . v -- and,feLanigeiablti; ,at.;firaUldid,.nutknow Jje-lov- ed a-fe- few lines for our I-h- 1 ; '. I feel itrmy duty to write a valuable little paper. Our position at' the present time, I fetyr, is not appreciated as it should be; I never saw the time in my life that I felt so thankful as I do at the present I feel to thauk my Heavenly Father every day of my life, for I know he has healed me through the administrations of his Elders. A bobt-- , a year ago ad an ovarian 1 u m or tart in my right aide, and I began to bloat un : - A: R E PO RT3. MARICOPA STAKE. ...... Dear Editor: . 1 . TESTIMONY OP A SISTER. testimony to the truth of this latter day work, and expressed their desire to liv.e up to their privileges. Sister MacDonald made' a few closing., re-- . rksyrex hort i g-- t h e -- $i s ter-s- to 7 fa i t hf u ness-- in '"' all their duties; Closed by singing, "The Spirit of God, like fire is burning' Dismissed by Chas. I. Robson. Sakaii M. Pomeroy,' Sec. dren; recitation by Betsy- - Saxton, "The swallows and T;" song by Lillie May Saxton, "Pm going. to write to papa;" recitation by Omer Cardan; recitation by Laura P. Call, "little Miss Tidy;" recitation by Maria Call, "I've got three kisses so swTeet tg ghre;" recitation bj" . ElIenoKBastNonp TecitatiOTr-b- yI fingersfsinging aggreSaxToli7""Bus)r little, bthePrimary Association," "Kice young Mormons;" benediction by Bro. I). S. Robbi ns. jCilZPresident. Mary Annie Doman, Secretary. -- L'L 7i--- - -.-f E.-Cal- :. l, ..1. 7- .1 Abusermay not ,b:e,criticigm, but sometime's tire latter soinids much like thelormer. , -- em -- 1 w s 