WOMAN'S EXPONENT 'X'X " with songs, recitations etc,.which had been pre over pared by the people for the occasion. and Millard Stakes. Aunt Zina remained At a little after midnight benediction was pro-o- il ." on her way, to visit her in thanking our night at .Springville . , . , " fpiinorC .,to "loin and. I1UU11VCU, resides Avba there, brother-OlivHuntington wu tor iuu( nis Father Heavenly os'ugs, 8; the' August day following -her resumed journey on our brother and TJTcincrc vt. j; Snow-Thesto LdlC auu w.v, t HIS UIVIUC W. Minerva been" Mrs joined by having his absence. , his family during -sisters oroceeded direct to. Milford, where t J cn.u, and- Tickets for the party were isucu herweTeetrby-a-xarTiage-frorrr-Beavfrom the Ml the proceeds of which with contributions held meeting, Friday Aug. 9, at Minersvme, anu over $80,00 to assis people made up a purse of afterwards meeting on the way at Greenville . ; . Bro. Hansen. ; ... and Adamsville, arriving at Beaver, Satu rday.. of His little this is portion Lord The blessing about three ' night where they expected to remain flock with peace and prosperity. to there front Panguitch. and go days, lam an interested reader of your very valuable HornT onTf thT" leading "little paper, and ever pray for the welfare of Ziori. Relief the of sisters of Zion . and President Delta. who also holds and Stake Lake of Salt Society Fremont, July, 1 889. other important positions among the women ofZion, is navinp- a visit to her daughter Mrs. JNora spen cer in Palis, Bear Lake County.ldaho jshe is accom A VOICE FROM THE TWENTIETH other and Home Elder husband Jos. her by panied WARD. a find cooler to all hoping members of the family, will doubtless ac Home Sister rlimate. although T . e n nowers auu suiuio 1 rtmWi.A a lover oi ucu when or when custom ueing away cording to her regular last around to see some of the lovely places at home be holding meetings, talking to tne sisters, flowers and instead of the many-hue,inrou rapine and interesting them in their duties roses etc. one sees scorched and labors in the organizations :of the Relief "fragrant climbers, grass, parched flowers and dying trees. In passSociety, Young Ladies and Primary.JUrs. Martha ing one of our city councilor's I found some of his H. Tingey is with her mother and as she is rirst dying as well as mine, and yet the City Council, Counselor in the General Presidency 01 the Y. L. are accused and abused every day; but like a M. I. A. she will likely meet with the Young wise man he was making the best ot the situation, Ladies and give them the benefit of her wise and had instructed his gardener to perforate some counsel and experience in matters pertaining to -- oil cansaboutin inch- - from the bottom, rwhich-i- f -- their best interests and advancement. wrifVi wrofpr wrntlrl lrpn tVi rnntc mnrsf Before going, to press, Sister Home returned. and oerhaDS save the Dlants." I believe the Lord from her trip to Bear Lake, and informs us that neips tnose mac neip memseives. inere nas Decn the of branches both in she held meetings Paris, considerable. talk this Summer about priority of on Thursday, Relief Society coming together City creek water which all amounts to nothing. tMonwent to and on the 25th of July, Friday, My husband owns and has cultivated a bench and oelielot for twenty-fou- r Sheppardrom Lindsay years or more, but can't recers of that Stake, and held meeting there at two member the summer that irragation alone would Ben to over went o'clock. Saturday morning keep it greets and fertile; many times we have o clock. ten at the with met sisters and nington carrieolater Xto "As"it sThViia'ing "season there were not as to the lower part of the garden because the those could who brethren attend, although stream wa many -iwho did attend--wermichTpI'sei''as"usuaI7 have been in the habit of saving soap-sud- s and with the spirit of the meetings and the instruc scrubbing water to carry to our trees. But says tions given.' The Relief Soeiety and other orone, with soapywater you will surely kill them but conin a Stake are in the prosperous we have croven it to be a tzood fertilizer, not only ganizations dition. The minutes of the meeting were very large trees, but I give it to my climbers and house Mrs. found her Home Sister daughter, it has never nlants good.- - killed one vet - j 'but. " orrasionallv.' 1 j j -- Home-found Mrs.Geo. Spencer her daughter, makes them green and strong, but I presume our and family all well. Her- - two- - daughters who leading- Florist Tohn Readintr will not approve of M. Mrs. Mrs. and H. her, Tingey accompanied statement; but I can pick many bouquets all Clara E. James have enjoyed the trip and visit winter from my plants; so you see Mrs. Wells --with friends,' very much. there are many ways to help the growth of the beautiful. Our peaceful ward and playground was invaded' A LITTLE GIRL'S LETTER. by our would be ty rants last night; ho w can they call themselves "Liberals" when they would make' Dear Editor: ; Thinking perhaps a few lines from this little place serfs and slaves of jjslhey would increase bur taxes .fin much that a. no or man would not be ble- will be acceptable, I take the liberty to write you to maintain his family; the next visit they pay us 7T apesaliirsuT we would be more pleased if they would let our was given on July 17th to our highly esteemed old Schoolhouse alone. It is a dear, old land Bro. Hans M. Hansen, who departed cn the 20th mark of the Twentieth ward, how many, times we on a mission to his native land, Norway. He is have taken our pictures and decorations and some first Counselor to our Bishop. times furniture to make it attractive for our social The Bishop and Bro Hansen went out for a ride, ertrti!nmpntc It- - malr tli tiarc ctirt rVn T and to call on some friends, during the afternoon. . think of the good old social time. At three o'clock the people of the Fremont, and Loa Wards, gathered at the Fremont Schoo Some of us mothers would send a lounge over covered with :a nice -- soft Buffalo robe for our house, where tables were spread with the good things of the earth. At four P. M. the Bishop babies to sheep on whilewe joined in the merrv came back, andseeingthe crowd assembled drove dance, oh how well I remember the first leap-yea- r up to the School house, when several of the men party we had there, an old friend of mine chose took Bro. Hansen Irora the buggy and carried Pres. Young and Kimball, for her patners in a him into the house. After his surprise and the Scotch, reel, what a pleasant evening , we spent. excitement of the moment was over, the choir' How.many of the dear old "stand-bysin their clean sunbonnets would partake of the Sacrament sang, "Adieu my dear brethren adieu." Prayer on the Sabbath, . week after week in that same was then offered, and all partook of the bounteous repast. dear, old school house. How many pleasant in Relief Society meetings, we have held these when The evening was spent dancing intermingled I Woman's Exponent. AiionstV nn a tour through Beaver, Panguitch, -- er Editor. EMM BUMi B. WELLS, e in Salt Lake Published ne copy one year, f 1.00; one copy six v nr - ' h. tU UUUU 25 eta. one year, xtra for postage ten Advertising rates: Each square, 13.00. Spacc, one time, f2.50; per month, semi-monthl- - mtr-Dflw- w . City, Utab. Terms; o months, SO cts. delivered -- n fCKUim lines of nonpareil A liberal discount . iiuimi.ivij. office, No.' 2 K.. South Temple Streetecond nours iron r gate cast of Dcscrct News Office. Business to 5 p.m- - every day, except Sunday-- ; , ' ""Address all business communications to . PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, "' . . Salt Lake City. Utah. as Entered at the JTost Office in Salt Lake Wy, uian. Second dost; Matter. Salt August Lake City, 15, 1889. - . "As when in tumults me the ignoble crowd, Mad are their motions, and their tounges are L ' loud' It teemed only tioise that they wanted to make, full of exultation, that they were so hilarious and what the croud might have done if they had rsrnVd the Citv, as they vainly tried to make own knowledge of people believe, against their facts, it is impossible to conceive. As- - for some of their orators, they incited the and maddening crowd no doubt, as in other days times now long "past," when it yassaid, "That talking knave - M. ut-jw- 1 u. er, . . 1 ' "5SrM"lcabeik " - d -- fA : , These "Liberals" have not done themselves by yelling and croud, nor honored their . party, . . Jiooting and making night hideous. " " eve-ning,4- )ut The Peoples Party have not suffered any deteat Tn the recent election, neither, have the Liberals made gained anything of a victory; though they and noise and held "high revelry" so Jctrcctinrr One WOuld WOH- -. ii der if those young men with stentorian lungs ever doing to the sick thought of the injury they were JTXaciAoe whit ii - uraS the nervous, anu me a&cu. all unlsjtjyas accomplished by it? Nothing Ihe gratification of a few with vitiated tastes who barbarism frightening "delight in a species of women and children, wakenirg them from peace ful sleep to a perfect pandemonium ; 1 NEITHER DEFEAT OR VICTORY. .1 :zrzrA , . . with-Sister- s e f -- . - 1 . - Consumes his time in speeches to the rabble, And sows sedition up and down the city. Ticking up discontented fools, belying. The senators and government; destroying Faith among hojiestaejindjraism " If the Liberals think to gain any of the votes of the Peoples Party by any such "hurrah" as that of Monday night the 5th of August, they will be iri sadly mistaken, and jhevvill have.less votes stead of more for al the carousing they "have" done. There is an old saying, "Don't crow until you are out of the woods, '"which may prove applicable to the Libeials. The Peoples Party are strong and it is hoped will be vigilant; and we entertain no fears of a victory for the Liberals in Feburary and" most confidently believe the People's Party1 1 - " wilrcarry theelecIorv ployed "Taxation without representation is tyranny,' and those who are . tax payers, of whatever paety, should have lair representatton; but justice, equity, and honesty, shoulb be the stan'dardsTanFot political trickery. : . editorial: notes Mrs Zina D. H. Young, General President of "the Relief Society left the city on Wednesday " 