WOMAN'S .... 143 - The choir gang, .benediction was offered hv ' . Elder C. A. Murkley. . Sunday, Jan. 13th, 2 p.ni.: The opening exercises were attended to, and Prest. Lindsay again took the stand, and spoke for a short irmeifflpTessiyel Sister Priscilla Worthing was the- - next speaker; said, -- The duty of the "Society is to help the poor and the sick, and not to help furnish temples or tmild meeting houses." A. G. Bishop Smith, of Marion,' spoke by e'xampleaUending-con--ferenc- e, and being again to endure persecu. .. tion. . Remarks by Louisa Pickett, followed by Bishop J.T. Smith, of Oakley, who said, "Our mission should Children begjn at1 home. should be able to seer that their fathers had respect for their mothers.' As a people we have neglected to cultivato. refinement; we should ever appear as truejadies and gentlemen' Stake, authorities presented and sustained. Instructions from Bro. H. D. Haight, Stake President. Conference adjourned for three months. Louisa Pickett, Sec. . . pnt to our belief. Prest. James H.Hart was pleased to meet with his brethren and, sisters. Said, "Tho " for is the last being preached time,' and Gospel is when fast the day approaching 'every knee must bow" and every tongue confess that Jesus is the Christ'- All who expect to be saved in God must be faithful to the kingdomof-bu- r .the end... We are .called upon, and may still be, to pass through" trials for the truth's sake, and some may indeed be required to lay down7 their lives in defense of its principles." the people to faithfulness in serving ' God ;and keeping The names of the Stake and local officers were presented by Prest. Geo. Osmond and sus- tained by in their various posi- d The conference adjourned for six months, to be held in Grantsville. . FAIR AT ST. JOSEPH. theConjdin tFaiForth Relie.: 7Repor t ot: L.- and P. A, of the St. Joseph' Society, Y. Stake of Zion, which opened in duffs Hall, . -r- -- 28,-1 ima,-uee. - There was a very fine display of useful and ornamental articles on exhibition; also quilts, tidies, home-madparpets and rugs, all being worthy of praise. A fine representation of statuary, including a large bust of President Brigham "Young, which attracted much attentien; also a display ofseri-culturmillinery, etc.; The. Graham and Curtis wards have made some very nice straw hatsy that should be worn with pride,, according to the instructions and teachings of the late President B. Young. We hope to be able to award prizes at our next fair, when the agricultural department of, the Gila Valley will receive the attention of llipglffimittee, as we had linnnlbiHabtKe finest of corn raised from the second crop after barley was harvested in July; als6 turnips weighing seven pounds, both raised by Bishop John Taylor, of Pima, and sweet .potatoes weighing eleven pounds, raised by Bro. Frank -- e Minutes of the Relief Society, Y. LTM. L A. and Primary Associations of Tooele Stake, which convened in the Tooele meeting house, Dec. 8th and 9th, 1888, Prist. Mary A. Hunter, presiding. There were present from Salt Lake City, Sisters Zina D. H. Young and Bathsheba W. Smith. Sister Hunter made some opening remarks, and some verbal reports of the wards were given, showing each branch Society to be in a prosperous condition, except the small settle-me- n t3, which need "to" been curaged TntKei r meetings and association one with another; some have become lukewarm in attending to their duties. Sister 2ina D. H. Young gave some very good and interesting instructions to all, and to mothers especially, and spoke by the Spirit of God. Said, "Mothers have a great work to do and a great mission to fill in raising up their children m a Droner manner. Our child- - , 8TAKE. Editor Exponent: e, -- . The Relief. Society of the Cassia Stake convened in eonfereneeat Oakley,: Dec. 21," 1888r Present On the stand, Prest. Louisa Haight, with Counselors E. Tuttle and A. Wilson, Bros. H. D. Haight and M, Pickett of Stake Presidency, Bro. Robert Wilson, also presi- " . dents of the various branches of the Relief Society. Conference opened with singing and Opening remarks by Prest. Louisa Minutes of preceding conference read and accepted. Satisfactory' reports of prayer. Haight. . Ann. Tate,'. . Cor. Sec. Tooele Stake. TOOELE STAKE. -- therd'mganizations - r 11. Conference' was adjourned till the second Saturday and Sunday in "July. Singing by the choir, and Prayer byl'Bishop J. A. Hunt. L. M. Rich, Secretary. renho arebedieiifrtonh T, ivere listened to. t oe very care- ana snining ngntrana we snouia 1 Prest. Louisa Haight advised the teachers 1 1 1 1 - J Owens. Although too late in the season for a display j)flruit, there wa3 quite a variety of a superior quality raised in the valley this year. We I i nlnnmi , innlinn nnil'kiin'li"An'"f uu uuuuuw ui trom i(u r to five pounds. wcveu-miuw- C - giao ,1 . T wciguiug. ful to set a good example before them; so that We feel safe in predictincr that this will Gave much Said, "There are many temporal duties, they may walk m our footsteps. but they should be so arranged as to give time jealuable advicer which I hope we shall all fol prove one of the finest fruit countries in the west. for spiritual ones; it is useless to "spend our low out. -Very respectfully, whole time drudging for the things of the am pleased to Sister B. W. Smith said, W East, Prest., meet with my brethren and sisters this morning; earth, which we cannot take with us." L. Gustaison, Sec. - iiro. Moroni rickett - then spoke, at some desire the faith and prayers of all, that what I length in an instructive manner; said the sis- - say may be a benefit to some one; for we meet ters in their deeds of charity should think of together to do each other good. We all have what the Savior said: "Inasmuch as ye do it our troubles and weaknesses, but I feel that NOTES AND NEWS. the Relief Society is a blessing, and if we do unto one of these, ye do it unto me." . Elizabeth Tuttle wondered how the our duty we .hall jot our reward, an,l know , lhe htmch have pf mh . ... Ihe .bill sisters could miss the enjoyable time ofconfer- - that this is the kingdom of God. raising the age of protection for girls to do we our all that ence. Said, "Mothers are the educators of their duty might speaker prayed sixteen. children; they could do much to have honest and come off victorious. "The Sundayllchool Smith College, Mass., has received a gift of men, or they could neglect the teaching and is a great blessing, and parents' should go with let them wander away. their. children and see that they behave properS5,000 toward a gymnasium. The donor waa a woman. . Coun. Ann Wilson knew of no comfort out ly." Encouraged the sisters in their every and made other remarks calculated to side of the Gospel. Wondered how the doc Mrs.Fayette C. Snead,whose newspaper name r do good- trines taugbrln the world could be called true ' Janu- The choir sang.-- -r Dismissed by R. Mickel- - was r ay, died in Washington, D. religion. - Spoke of the duty resting upon the ary 21. Sotiety of visiting the sick. Adjourned till 2 john In the afternoon Primary Conference con- - L Over one hundred and sixty "womenlSatji- Afternoon session: Opened by singing and vened, when nearly all the time was occupied culated at a Philadelphia Woman's Medical ' f with songs and recitations by the children, prayer. College last year. and were which should they proved Bro. Cyrus Tolman: "It is said we very interesting, The Queen of Sweden has given a large doand well instructed had beea taughfe that they cry unto the Lord to have care over our flocks, nation to the Dress Reform Society, to enable for food and raiment, etc., but further it is by their President, Sister Bowen, and her Counselors. , thenrtcropen a store m btockholm. :; said," 'If ye look not after the poor it cometk In the evening the Young Ladies held their to nothing.' Our religion is vain if we are not Lady Sandhurst was elected to the London,, 1 hey had prepared a short pn Conference. com the for ilingt6deal out our substance, Council at the late election. and then the sisters from Salt Lake Eng., County fort of" the gramme, in a letter seconded her election. poor." instruction ?' some cave-thegood Citv very - Sister Clara a Smith bore strong testimony; Ihow to live every day, and to take Lcare of their The- - girl of Oregon r whose knew the Gospel to be the only plan that of the young men also spoke home Is near Eugene City, bears the euphonihealth; several could bring us back t& our Heavenly Father. ; ous name of Minnie Westman. at the conference. Bro. Jacob 'Daley said, "The Snints are imwith the. sisters the met On Sunday morning bued with the spirit of gathering, that they The Municipal Council of Paris has voted some" very interest ay preDare and teach a rising generation for Sunday School and made were very much apprecia- - 500f. towards the expenses of the Woman's Thev are engaged in a ing remarkswhich L in the afternoon the Relief Society Right's International Congress, to . be held 9rk calculated to. exalt, if the teachings of ted, and ' met aain. and the sisters from Salt Lake City there thi3 year. the prophets are adhered L to -- . - - -- . - day-dutie- C, - , "J . . : ; ; Mrs.-Gladsto- ' m -- mail-carrie- r, i ' . ' .l , - . ce CA8SIA all. . , Ex-horte- addressed the congregation; also some of the. brethren, and they testified that the conference had been a very interesting one throughout, and that the good instructions that had been given were by the Spirit of God and suited to ' - the-conferen- EXPONENT. ne 