The Rights of the . Vol. 17. Her reign was o'er, but old and young Prayed blessings on her as she passed"And every heart and every tongue Spake, ;'ne'er was she surpassed." 4 . --; ; GOLDEN WEDDING. mellow wedding bells Golden bells." Ring soft and sweet O golden bell-R- ing pure and strong O golden bell, Now rise, now fall, the chorus swell, . The precious story tell, aht tell, - How fifty years have flown away, Since Pallas happy wedding day! Aaown tneyears, tar, lar away A sweet and grown so gray, I see them plainly, as you say, 0 golden bell I -- girl-brid- e, A home s cosy, snug and neat, 1 see, I see, I hear a patter oi childish feet, And baby voices, calling sweety And full of glee. The happy chorus rises, swells, . To bursting with the joy it ttlls, O, golden bells. '- of all Nations. . No. 20. For the ai, TO THE BLUE ANEMONE. Fiowerof starry clearness bright, -: Quivering urn of colored lighTT- 1S89. Exponent. , Hast thou drawn thy cup's rich dye ;"rrFrom the inlenseness of "lh'Cslcyf.n77 From a long, long fervent gaze ' Through the year's first golden days; Up that blue and silent deep, W here like things of sculptured sleep, Alabaster clouds repose . With the sunshine on their snows? Thither was thy heart's love turning,, , . like a censer ever burning, Till the purple Heavens in thee, Set their smile. Anemone? Or can those warm tints be caught - Each from some quick glow of thought? Sq much of bright soul there seems In thy bendings and thy gleams, So much thy sweet life resembles That whfch feels and weeps and trembles, I could deem thee spirit fill'd, As a reed by music thrilled, , When thy being I behold To each lqying breath unfold, Or like woman's willowy form, V Shrink before the gathering storm, . I could ask a voice from thee, Delicate Anemone ; . Flower . the laurel still may shed Brightness 'round the victor's head, And the rose in beauty's hair Still its festal glory wear, And the willow leaves droop o'er Brows which love sustains no more: - admired by one reader,- may be considered insipid, sickly eentimental,: by another. Truly one is led to exclaim, "Oh, poetry ! what licence has been taken in thy. name," when reading some of the trash that floats around in our literary age. If quantity wereTa standard of poetry and literature, we could not fail to be- For love full well of high and low, With smiling lips and graceful mien . She stepped from her. white portico ' Uncrowned, but still a queen! L. Morgan Smith. "Judge." .- Women cul-tur- Her reign passed by in merry dearth Of sadnes, and her written fame ; "Hear the andthe Rights of the The universality with which the best authors are conceded their position in English litera--ture- , should at once quell any controversy in the matter, and yet opinions, tastes and e and a writer thoroughly loved and differ, What greater are there! none more sure To rule-- the hearts of other men, , And these she held, and no heart truer Will hold such sway again. Must live as long as woman's worth ' Gives grace to woman's name. Woodina, Feb. "- These are the scepters she has swayed, The only power she used. " 7Aont Lovingly inscribed to my Aunt and Uncle, on the 50th anniversary of their wedding day.' Her gracious"smile, with smiles obeyed, Her dignity by naught abused; - of SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, MARCH 15, l&U. MRS. CLEyELAND. ' Women ; . come thoroughly well read, but, thank fate, it is not quantity, but quality that makes - the poet. It is to be feared that the former the precedence at present. Let ua hope that the strength andoriginality of the older poets is not forever lost. But I did not intend to berate our age, our eustoms, or ourjefieminaey,our self con-ce- it, or the glory of our wonderful nineteenth century; "they wholivenn homes of glass'should never throw ji stone," and it suddenly occurred tojus that ours wa3 very thin and brittle ! About two years ago one of our best Ameri can writers, Mr. Maurice Thompson, of Ohio, had the temerity to publish an article on the subject of Shakespeare, somewhat depreciatory of the exalte But by living rays refined, much applauded dramatist was seated. Actu-- Thourihetremblerof the wind, ally depreciatory, but, to the idea of this Thou, the spiritual flower, Unqualified reader, full of good, independent, Sentient of each breeze and shower, common sense. Mr. Thompson received what Tnou, rejoicing in the skies. he might have expected, a eound scoring by And transpierced with all their dyes: one 01 your Shakespearian students, who reBreathing rare.with light ceived it as a personal affront that his little Gemlike to thy centre glowing, cod was not held in the same estimation by Thou the poet's type shall be, each individual of this little world as by him-- " Flower of soul, Anemone self Mr. Thompson seemed to think that his Ve were about to quote another of Mrs. and was "glasshouse"' completely broken, HemanV beautiful poeni3, but were caught in who the kind friend had actually thanked, a labyrinth of lovely things, so exquisite, that : him the task of him the for giving performed to make a choice were a difficult matter. "Our II OU U1U1I. HO J J Uliuuvl JliU,i li Daily Paths," "Kindred Hearts," "The DiaL This would, have been all right, but somehow of Flowers," "Despondency and Aspiration," we could never get over the idea that Maurice "The Invocation," "The Hour of Prayer "and Thompson had taken hold 01 the right handle. many others are more than favorites. Every We never could see any reason for being- truefloverof poetry should have a copy of Mrs. ashamed to .confess to a depreciative feeling Hemans, which can be obtained of John B. for the monarch of the drama. Aldenr393 Pearl St. N. ' Y,, beautifully bound in God speed the day, when at least many of half Russia,marbled edges, post paid,'sixty cents the savings ofShakespearer the;reatEnglish; We will close this article with another quota dramatist, will be forever lost in the light of tion from thi3 .favorite author: modern civilization! It is surely, at least, one Forgive, O Father I if presumptuous thought sided to study Shakespeare, quote Shakespeare, Too daringly in aspiration rise! act and worship Shakespeare to the exclusion Let hot thy child all vainly have been taught to we confess there! of everything else, But, By weakness, and by wonderings; and by sighs critic. our a Perhaps being very incompetent Of sad confession! lowly be my heart, .little world is so remote from the sun as to re And on its penitential altar spread starTT 1 ceive its light but as a faint Tbe offeringsworthless,. tflT thy gracejmpart discussion the descend from of Let us, then, The fire from Heaven, whose touch alone can shed underand for our remote a subject too high lifejradiance, virtue let thatvitaTspark us some tne eruaite give my whole being, 'wildered else and dark standing, tor truly TTilne are all holir things O, make me Thine, interpretionitrf their; favorite poet, that are So shall I too be pure a living shrine too intricate for the understanding of mere '.' Unto that spirit, which goes forth from Thee,, V ordinary minds. Some time ago we came across the iollowing 1' Strong and cUvmely free, v "'Bearing thy gifts of wisdom on its flight, little poem, better suitednto our taste and un wing, And brooding o'er them with a derstanding than the magnificent periods of thee in worship spring, Till thought, word, song, io the pga'teTwriter :?.lt waswmtentjtfar and for endowed light." liberty Immortally sweet English lady, Mrs. Hemans, and surely 7 deserves a high rank in a collection of the ' f Birdie Clyde. best English literature: ! 1 ; " o'er-flowin- g, " As your swaying tongue goes to and fro, I watch the years, they come and go They bring their joy and bring their woe; For all must know the ebb and flow Of grief and pleasure, here below. Like mists upon the mountains height, A rain of tears obscures the sight; 'Twas here a precious hope, saw blight, The veil hung dark as inky night. Where- mists of tears their hopes ewail visions of the "holy Grail,' Ring X That brings redemption, rends the veil" Ring Christ's promise, that will not fail, , O, golden bell. -- I Now as you back and forward swing. Sweet bells, what visions pure you bring, " -Upon her hand, I see a ring Worn to a tiny golden string; Two heads so white with w.inter'sTime,-- -Two hearts, true, as in life's spring time; Such love doth mark their lives sublime, .And well deserves a gladsome chime ; Of golden bells. Swing soft and low, ye bells of gold The story ever new, the old, The dear sweet story, is almost told. How true love never shall grow cold ; Though mortal heart be dust and mold. : Immortal born its home'sabOYe For God is love, yes, God is love ! Ring happy bells LyJ ! Gt-- - , " 1 v';- " dove-lik- e " ' ( 