TV T' fTin H V Tht B and tUJjigliU of the Women of all Xattons. - ff SALT LAKE CITY, Ul; AH, MARCH 1, 188V. '- For the Exponent. - . :TT- - -- --7 : ' .No. ia. - and. '.riticism, and .form the tagi, rssted on .lie tr.adle. V Luve heard it TRUST INTHE LORD. groundwork of many an article in the journals aven ;o, mat . many a Dasniu 1.' sunbrowned of the day. We are all very apt ttf indulge-somewhsweetheart, has been induced to declare his .Thou mourning soul, bowed down with grief, freely in the worship of the past, and love and urge his suit, at sighof --"auld-lang syne'- - aomehow touches tenderly a; spinning flax- - at the; little wheel. xMore pro rpressed7l3ereaved and worn; fine strung chord There is a source of sure (relief human heart; but we posals of marriage have likely been made bewho sorrow hearts are living and acting now, have really, side the spinning wheel than at the piano. For worn. by is much and will more occasion to make the present Perhaps it is owing to the industrial tone of Our God just very repay beautiful and attractive, than to gaze backThe smiter and the smit; : the occupation, for matrimony savors of labor, He will wipe all thy tears away, ward and rehearse over the sayings and doiogs men are not apt to look upon the piano as 3: And heal thee every whit. of other periods, and long after the past. The desirable article of household furniture, or as work of women in that age wa3 a part of the any addition to domestic happiness; albeit It needs must be offences come time, and a natural result of their surroundmany women earn their own" living, hardly To overflow the cup, ings and the .state of society in which they enough too,- by teachinginstrumental music; And prove the justice-- of the doom lived. And .ours to day is perhaps a step in 4and there are men who barely tolerate a piano The wicked filleth up. advance and what we are doing pertains to the in the house, because wife or daughter has enCut thou, offend not; keep thy feet, present and will have its bearing upon those treated him to buy it-- I' have heard men Though bleeding, in the way, who are toTcome after us, the next generation, make bold to say,evenrin tliiVage of culture, The straight and narrow way, and sweet as the doings of the past has upon us; strange ' they preferred to see women play 'Upon the Will be thy coming day. if our posterity should glance backward with washboard; this is the clas3 of men I ween who If God hath chosen thee for one the same of Ihe age in which we would use the money earned by the industrious, His name to glorify; are living, and with vthe workings of which 'devoted "wife to" purchase cigars and tobacco. will be done To prove that justice But lest we wander away lrom the theme of some of us seem to be so dissatisfied.' But this Offenders proud and high; is said to be an age of idleness for women, spinning, and spin out a long dissertation upon Shouldst thou repineff willing be, comparatively speaking, there are bo many men and .women's opinions of each other,- we And weary Hira with cries? facilities for lightening labor; and even our "will go back to the spinning wheel, and the May, they who bravely bear will be s babies not only have cradles but every day pursuits of women; say whaV we ' Most lovely in His eyes. carriages, whereas but a short time ago we had will about the beauty and utility of the distaff and the spindle, this age)f progress has left Foretaste thy joy and lighten woe, always to carry them in our arms. " them far behind in the dim distance, and they A long time ago in the days of our grandBy yielding all to Him; mothers every young lady was expected to only live in the recollection of our young ladies "He chastenth whom He loveth !'' oh, know how to card and spin, if not to weave, in in connection with poetic legends and That faith should e'er be dim l No human love6r mortal joy Many other once essential household addition to her knowledge of all other houselabors are supplanted by the mechanical Tirork Can faintly shadow this. hold employments; and knitting was an Which seeks to cleanse thee from alloy-An- d anyyounggirl'ualifi-cations- ; ; of machinery of modern invention ;TunfU one tT give thee endless bliss. it was.-the work that could always be wondeTS'COmpan left-for woman's is iedVuponin- caseall"otherworlr"gave"outr how it there is so much still Oh, trust in Him with boundless trust, to do, and that there seems to be In fact it became proverbial, that no young busy-fingeWith faith- unwavering go so little time in which to perform the work of woman should marry until she had a pillowWhere'.er He leads, though in the dust the household. case full of stockings of her own knitting, and Thy heart be stricken low; Well, as young women can't spin, because usually of heir own spinning. Bed and table Take up thy cross and follow Him, forsooth, there is no spinning to do, and as linen of one's own work were also essential. ' Though seas above thee roll; and sewiiig-donup ia-- a Spinning flax on a little wheel wa3 considered knitting iszout 'Mid sunless depths or deserts dim in those primitive days the finishing off of a hurry on a machine; instead of wearing away 'He'll not forsake thy soul. one's self at it till midnight and past, women young lady's domestic accomplishments, and well Oh, rest assured whate'er thy lot, it is really an industry requiring skill, I ought to have plenty of time to read, and go Though lone, obscure, and low, remember my grandfather telling me, ''Ladies ; to bed early.- - It used to be common for the art forgot and darn- spun on the little wheel'' (with great emphasis motherJo dcLall the family sewing, In welfare, or in woe. on ' the word ladies). : I knew well what he ing, and mending after papa and the children No tears of thine shall fall unseen, meant, although everything of the kind was were in bed; this does not date far back; bur No sigh exhale unheard; done in factories then; I had often seen the there is little need of it now, and women, moHis love, thee and thy griefs between, which fuuny little wheel in the garret, and been told thers especially, may save the vitality Takes note of every word. and I used to be expended in fine, hemming and , it belonged to my ' And in His own swift circling time, rembember distinctly, when a little gM, of stitching, etc:, and it will possibly bo a benefit I to the iuture race. Not that :one should be That soon will roll away, trying to convert it into a rocking horse, fancyas .'women necessarily not He'll bring thy wounds sweet healing balm, ing the handful of .flax which still clung to the idle, but And crown thy night with day. have -- been in former times.- - Common, sense spindle was the mane. If I had not decided will say Be not in haste, do not complain, tells us to write about what women do, "and don't do, Nor doubt His loving care, I could tell you a long storyabout other inter- mothers, cannot hold out iowork so many; Buf trust His word and bless His name, esting curiosities in that same garret, where I more hour3 than the day laborer; and yet this And yield not to despair. played with the little wheel for a hor?e, on ha3 often been the xase. Whatli3the result For swiftly comes the fated hour, the mother breaks down, grows prematurely , which my foremothers. had spun the very linen The hourof joy and doom- - r with which the family closets were filled;- - but Lold, or succumbs altogether, leaving her family ' When broken falls the rod of power to - grow u pwithou t her - tend er, lovin g care, withal I will say, that there were many relics " Which wrought thy days of gloom. of former days there, that gave me a particular and the world calls it"'a dispensation of divine- ""And griefs pale cheeks shall bloom with joy, Inve for frarret3. which clinT3 to me"still. Tjrovtdigncef DetiisHjetbankfulpthatFBom --.' f the second-han- d 'the-'- burdens ;'of woman's life have been reThe pure, the deep, true, of sucnl,mingsgoto ,a ' Unspeakable without alloy I never really appreciated y the lieved by the spirit of progress; I am sure we term a store, .Take heart, it comes for your. nractical meaning of until 01 late. But we 'have great reason to be. Who of U3 for inLtj Daltox. will - go back to the spinning and leave the stance, and more especially! our -- daughters a3 we did: garrets for another time; Our forefathers would like to cook over a fireplace ? Methinks I see thought there could not be a more beautiful in the 'early day3 in' Utah YOUNG WOMEN. picture than a pretty womansitting carelessly, some of thosee girls looking back thirty, or years, and see their mothers at the little wheel spinning flax; drawing out even twenty-fiv"What young women do, and do jjotdo. with taper fingers, while piling coak on the bake kettle with baby (per What their mothers and grandmothers used to the shiningfootthreads chance the. identical young lady) in her arms. in open-wor- k the dainty stocking and do. What the mothers of the future are likely advanbest sandal, showing to the Why it actually makes me all in a heat to think. to be; These are fruitful topics of conversation : at his-inamorat- a ; in-th- . e . , - - " idol-worshi- p -- - now-a-day- love-storie- s. . indis--pensablerequisit- rs - of-lat- e, ; ; great-grandmothe- r, over-worke- d - that-youngomen- ; " : Now-a-dav- s- -- old-fashion- tOond ed ,orwe e 