WOMAN'S EXPONENT Whitney, Apostle J. .H. Smith, Pres. Geo. Q. Cannon and Bishop Kesler. Siuging, -' "Not dead but sleepethr" ": -- ; :- Benediction by Pres. AngusM. Cannon. A' perfect deluge of flowers in everyxonceivable "variety of artistic shapes and. forms adorned the house and coffin. For Mrs. Carlisle there is no need to mourn, yet all her friends will shed for her and the sweet babe left behind', a sympathetic tear, and may it be possible for all to say as they bow beneath the rod, "God knew the best." LITERARY NOTE. Th e Nation al Magazi ne for. November will con tain among other articles "Comparative Philolo" gy," by Professor Scheie deVere, Ph.D., J. U. D; soi the University of Virginia ; Political Science,'of by Professor Raymond. Mayo Smith, A.M., Columbia College, and "Shakespeare," by F. W. Harkins, Ph.D., Chancellor of the new National - University whose instruction by mail and University Extensfon System for' dents now" meeting with such favor, will also be. . ;' explained in this number. In the future numbers will appear a symposium comprising articles by prominent scholars and statesmen giving their opinions on leading questions, such as "Darwin's Theory," "The Chinese. ' Question," "Socialism," and "Should Immigration be Restricted?" " Published the first of each month, at i47jThroop SKee,CrdcagoSscrip tion price, $1.00 a year. Sample copy 10 cts. of-Chica- non-res- ir . Many good things were said and solid truthsad-vance- d and the Convention was altogether. calcu. lated to arouse thought; to publish the minutes in full would be impossible in a paper, it would re- n1 uirf trt hp-i- " namnhlpt fnrm.; After the speeches, Mrs." Alder called upon the ; delegates and MrsM. A. Y. Greenhalgh gave a concise report of the Millard Co., organiza- - ,think the delay in granting women the risht to vote is due in a great measure to women themselves,. "there are so manv. women who do not - want the J responsibility and do not comprehend the advantage iFmight be to others who are asking for it. One mistake often made is in confusing'the terms of suffrage and citizenship, and again one may be entitled to vote and not be eligible to office, keep n K these three things distinct and seek to(become conversant with these subjects and with the laws of municipalities and counties, states, etc., injustice prevails now; but it will not be long until women will be enfranchised and "righteousness will pre' vail from shore to shore and from pole to pole. entertained for the future development of the mem- bers of the Association; Mrs' Greenhalgh also related Iiow forty years ago in Calcutta she-ha- d spoken on this. very question, and expressed her indignation at the treatment American women received in England at the time of the World's Anti- Slavery Convention. Mrs. Ellen Jakeman with her babe in; her arms made a clear and brief statement of facts concerning what had been done .in the Association in Sanpete Co., which was most interesting. "Mrs. Alder briefly reviewed the work accomplished by the W. S. A. at headquarters, after which the Convention adjourned subject to call by the Secretary. Letters were received from other rVmntlpc hpttirl thnse rpnrpsented on the nlat- - Mrs. Z D. H.v Young said she was reminded of an old saying that she heard when a little girl,- - ; "He who plants pears Plants for his heirs." , S. Mothers and sisters are planting now for- the future; sewing goodLseed,. evil is abroad Jn the wotld, the traffic in liquor is one of the great causes of crime, would not mothers vote against this Crying evil? Yesl spoke of the immense amount of money made for the government by the internal revenuTact upon liquor, and the degradation of mothers and wives because of intemperance. Made an eloqueiit plea tor mothers having the right to their own children. .iiHon. John T. Caine believed in the rights of women; the taking of the franchise from the wo. men of Utah jtvas simply a political movement to - . ' form. ' A A - PURITAN VILLAGE. AN INTERESTING GLIMPSE OF TOFSFIELD TOWN AS YET UNMODERNIZED lessen the vote of the people's party; agitation on w nen me rununs uiauc ic sciwcuicm ai ' the desired Salem, the tribe "of Agawam owned the land this question would in time accomplish in that begun Mass., brought Doraenng on tne nuannc coasi ueiween iue result, azitation j Slavery-movemeabout ihe Anti nd present it Naumkeag and-th- e towards much was impossible to do suppressing as far as Andover. Masconomet, their chief, con- saloons except to make the license as high as pos veyed tne present towns 01 ipswicn ana xopsneia to women want don't to John Winthrop, so n of Governor Wi nthrop,for sible, these liquor people too box the ballot pure,"but vote, it would kee p 20. Thus sacrificing his beautiful huntirg-ground- s, let us plant the trees and those who come after which abounded in game, he became in hie IJpi- Hove the colonists He us will eat the pears. rlpnpnripnt nnnn vj JkJ illij 1UV1 Hon. Wm. II. King said he had read or heard was buned on bagamore inn m me present town that the warrior who had vanquished a hundred of Hamilton. The first occupancy' of Topsfield foes, trembled when before a woman and he felt by European settlers dates back to 1635, but its the truth of this saying today in standing years "later incorporation as a ' dress the audience upon this subject. There had The beautiful broad meadows that border the never been any question in his mind as to the Agawam (now Called Ipswich) river first attracted civil and political rights of women, if mothers can the early settlers of Ipswich and Salem, and grants t, instil patriotism into the hearts of their children, of land were given to. John Endicott, Simon en Robert Paine and others, who formed a can rearstatesmenrwby should they-not-trusted with privileges equal to the sons they rearr settlement here, to which they gave the name of New Meadows. The present name of Topsfield, Women.in all ages have been at the bottom ot re which might have been suggested by its hill, was forms, the United States, Europe, and England from especially has been highly favored with women of no doubt derived from Toppesfield, England, an early Tehown. .;lTrspTr?iicrta"dnbTiviIee-- f vlitchTaWmafiytomigrants hearing Lord Randolph Churchill speak in the day and made their home here. Prominent among house of Parliament when woman suffrage was these was a man named Smith, and there are now extant in the old stone church at Toppesfield being discussed and he put it in this way "Why don't women wear trousers ?"; It is no reason at England, some inteiesting memorials of his family ; among thenvone is particularly noticeable , all, it does not follow any more than a hundred other differences. Enfranchisement for women is commemorating the virtues and Christian graces of his mother. From this mother in Israel sure to follow in the steps of enlightenment. An organ solo by Jos. J. Daynes was highly apthrough her line of descendants in this vi llage Vcame Joseph:5mitb, the founder of the "Mormon preciated.. 'sect, and in the village cemetery here Is a monulooked with a degree of pride on the. record made ment to the Smith family, erected through the instrumentality :of George A. Smith, a Mormon by the women of Utah in the past when they the right of "frachlse,Hhought the experielder, lately deceased. The old town of Toppesences of the present should stimulate us to inform field, England, is said to retain the manners and ourselves more fully . that we might vote intelli customs of primitive times, and is far behind its namesake in America in population and genera gently when the time should come which it 'cer ' tainly Would before'long. intelligence. -- A -The old Bradstreet farm, probably the first one bswtiful.sopg was charmingly rendered by laid out in'the early "township of New Meadows," Miss Viola Pratt. of the eastern hills, its cultivated fields Bishop Wallace of North Ogden madeaower-.- . covers-onslonina to the broad meadow at its base. This ful speech in favor of the rights of women inxall farm was given by Govenor Bradstreet to his son lands, thought it a strange and. anomalous whose descendants, bearing the name of position for women to be in,sueing to mankind for Simon, Bradstreet, occupy an old fashioned homestead the right ot tranchise ween every one of these built ckteeJo the'original house, which was only great statesmen and kings, the greatest and the taken downaew years ago. While Ann Dudley highest, had as a chad sineltat the feet of a wo has the poet wifelMlvenor man and were taught by her their iirst lessonsr 1 A Convention of the U. W. S. A. was held in the Salt Hall, D- day Oct. 7, commencing at 2 p. m. Mrs. L. inhisijtyIon- Lake-Assemb- ly Alder, Acting PresTiinjthe Chair. Mrs. Nellie R. Webber, Vice Pres., and Mrs. Maria Y. Dougall, ChrEx. Com.were' byher side,- also Mrs. Ann- Groesbeck and Phebe Y. Beattie of the Committee and Miss Rachel Edmunds Ass't Sec. Hon. John T. Caine, Hon.C. Wi Penrose, Hon. W.' H. King and Prof. Talmage occupied seats on the stand also Mrs. Zina D. H. Young, Mrs. S. M. Kimball, Mrs, E. B. Wells, Mrs. L. G. Richards, and Mrs. M. A. Y. Greenhalgh, Pres. Millard Co VVvS. A. Mrs. Ellen Jakeman Pres. Sanpete 'Co. W. S. A. and others. The Convention opened, with prayer by Dr. E. S. Barney. After reading was the first minutes etc., Prof. Talmage speaker, h e alluded to the benefits derived from - ; -- thought being aroused and discussion begun upon any subject ;fae thought the fact that woman is still deprived of the franchise is a proof that bar--- barism still exists ; hewas not an enthusiast on the subject; but belie vecTthat suffrage would be "given not as a mercy, but he thought reason and revelation united to convince usHhat woman is as much queen as man is king; thought it a characterfstlc6f manly nalufe that" man arrogate to himself honors and privileges; he did not think man had a right to delay .or intercept the privileges that women are asking for. "Kamschatkans into obedience, the Zulu's are beat their-wivelittle better, the Roman's in the time of the giory not much better, but of the Roman Empire-werwe in this day regard such scenes as evidences of re-- darkened minds ; in this age may God assist to move error, and grant His divine favor upon the efforts being made to Hon. C. W. Penrose believed in the rights of women and children as well as the rights of men, oneisnot in opposition to the other: a senator had said to him "you might as well talk to me. of a howling besl, or whiriing cyclone as to talk-t- o me of womatt suffrage, and the man who helps to confer suffrage upon woman commits-- a crime next to murder," tome argue that women can't vote because they cant go to war and fight. I s e Tetevate-rromaHi-pi i ;at nt U. W. S. A. " - ' " C Merrimac-rivers,andJnla- . - - -- to-a- V4 d - town-came-so- Brad-stree- be , . en-oy- ed , ' e 