WOMANS EXPONENT. brass railings nine feet high, and is very elegant throughout. Mrs. Taylor visited relatives in Bloomfield .Mi, Claire, Newark K.J. and also the house where her husband's mother was bornr In Central New York, Rochester Cincinnatus and other places, she also visited Palmyra where the hill Cumorali is situated and though there was" nothing in particular to mark the sacred place gathered some of and pressed them as a rethe native membrance. They also visited Niagara Tails and had a" most delightful day. in viewing this magnifi- cent natural curosity. Mrs." Taylorand daughter returned home in excellent health and spirits having richly enjoyed the journey including of course the storm on the ocean. wild-flowe- rs E D I TO R lAITN OTE S . 101 worth, and have we warm roses, for her head, or for that'dear one wreaths of thorns? Another friend how comes to us in noble manly desire to "say something that may cause you ...to more fully realize your privileges and blessings; . : . i v- .inai rest upon nju iuc tuuscucui i cjjuijiuuiuca .I... you as intelligent sons and daughters of God. These Associations were organized by inspira mvi vountra brethren ranv oualifv tion,. that vou , J j J yourselves for Missionaries and for other responsible duties pertaining to building up the Church and Kingdom of God, and establishing righteous- . lures hira,he lovesthe wine-- , cup's ruddy glow, but friends can trust such strength as his; a fair, hand takes the cup he loves PTlvXPtation -. and holds it to his lips. Tis given with a smile but does it hold sweet flowers for the garlands of his life and they hide no stinging thorns? Love comes to woonwe see him7there and give-kinAn A id. mloiA riPCQ nnnn tha airlk f welcome by some pretty act. We watch the is of equal importance and their duties as varied pj eadingsoiJiis face, and ji ear h isarden t - voice j : orcinrcnizruur exaiiaiion nereatrer caress the tnieand misting heart; accept the. treasures it doth bring, then cast them all away. gence in - What cruel work our hands have done heart It privilege to stand as saviors upon are where rent apart; wounds are bleeding Mount Zion. And I realize that there is a field strings we thrust" the cruel thorns ;ahd6uld we hide7 "erTrnthisTdirection, in our own midst. And it the wrong we've done, hide that"breakingheart is your privilege and duty to use your Influence in beneath white roses,they are stained, their beauty stemming the tide of infidelity- that is creeDinp- in turnsUto .blight "T amongst us, This may seem a harsh expression, At "home sweet home," that dearest spot on but I will admit, there are many young gentleman earth, is mother's gentle, precious form. Her face and ladies wha ignore the necessity of these Asis ever near, and have we looked to see if time sociations and who take pleasure in the vanities were tracing there the deep hard lines of care, or and customs of the Gentile world, and love their if the smiles of peace were wreathing-halo- 's soft, society. And though innocent of any intentional serene and fairer than the flesh of youth ? wrong yet they stand on dangerous ground. Whence came the hard lines on that loving face ? ThereT'is a sort of science which is termed Have our lives but twined round her's a network iumu ure;" iaun in wnicn is gaming ground all of thorns? Whence came the peace the among us. There is also spiritual, or religious reverential light? Oh! it rejects the love that science, an attractive name to catch the unwary. And at our fourteenth Ward meeting a few roses breathe, the rich perfume of garlands fair !J Alllnnr ' r( CAm WPpVs acrrt. ?tPr W! that we hsve woven round that mother's life. 1. 1 v uuu .And father, must he toil and spend his strength people of her acquaintance nvith to bring the wealth that we would have? and is it an instrument called the Planchette. Some present more, much more than we would need if we could may not know what this instrument is like, and I feel the achings of his careworn mind? Do soft cannot describe it for I never saw one, but twenty -hands sometimes touch his throbbing-brow and years ago, or more, when spiritual rappines were ! Are kisses printed there me craze, r wasvisiunc a tami v nt a"nrnmmprf wipe the sweats away among the furrowed lines? Is he entwined with member of the church, and they regretted very much that their Planchette was loaned out,and told love's sweet gifts? Do we scatter thorns,or roses of its wonderful operations. For instance, a for his tired blistered feet to tread upon? Brothers, sisters God has given us, the good young lady present, whose father, by the bye, at the beautiful and true. 'Tis they who share the ,tl time:of his dea joys - the cares, triumphs and failures which are presidents of the church, enauired through this ours.Sometimes those loved are called to instrument the name of the man she would marry. heaven's bright realms. We stand beside the dead The instrument wrote the name, and wonderful a last farewell.. In fond 10 reiaie in me same peculiar nand writing as the to say a long good-nigh- t, tones now we breathe to them the. fairest words gentleman's own autograph. hf i!h:nnntl v mnrnprl f Mc tnm on4 that tongue hath ever ioXd-r- I love you, ohl love you, dear and are we heard? Can dead ears are both apostates. And soon after this the "hear, cold lips feel affection's kiss, the marble family previously referred to; apostatized, and brow and stiffened hand our warm caress? professed to have revelation from God, and they now have them we roses for when became infidels to the Gospel revealed through Why gather ' left that task so long undone? the Prophet Joseph Smith. Why pluck rough thorns from "off the grave This is only one of many instances, that might where silent ashes sleep? the living loved! O uc icutcu, iu anun mc cvii icsuil Ui lampenng let us give them now the treasures of our hearts with things tliat are in opposition to the teachings before it is too late! of the Priesthood, and which conflict with the Let flowers be the gifts we bring for strangers principles of the Gospel. and for friends. Flowers for the ones belovedwhile John the beloved disciple of Jesus, in one of they are hereto know the worth and beauty of the" nis r.pisues saia "ueiovea, oeiieve not every ; treasures that we give. but try the spirits whether they are of God; And let us never scatter cruel, poisoned thorns spirit, 'because many false prophets a re gone out into th e where one can feel their sting. world, and this was the testinthat day. Every I n4he schooUroom spirit that "confesseth not that Jesus Christ is markhe records, hot of words and acts alone, but come in the flesh, is not of God. The test y of the silent heart thoughts too, Is there a place is those who deny that Joseph Smith conversed more mete than this wherein to learn these lessons ' with God the Father and His son Jesus Christ for the soul? . and that the Priesthood was restored through him We are weaving now, a chaplet fair for teachers with all its gifts and blessings, the gifts of healing, and for friends Schoolmates, whose hands will , prophecy, speaking in tongues, interpretation 6f the cruel thorns! place the roses there, and whose is not of God. ' d ia5-iQai:- oi this-probatio- is-o- : : ur - A " -- In the "In Memoriam" of Mrs. George Dun-for- d published in our last issue, it wasstated that she came to the valley in i868Lit should have been ' 1867. - The Gilmore chorus of four hundred under the tutelage of Br. E. Stephens have formed an or ganization for training in music and will no doubt: accomplish good work and be prepared for givWe ing concerts and Oratorio, singing, etc. would, rejoice to see Salt Lake City make Tapid progress in the development of music which is undoubtedly, we think, the most refining and of all artsror professions." :::izrz: The Conference of the Relief Society of the Salt Lake Stake will be held in the 14th Ward Assembly Hall in this City on Thursday December i9thT meetings commencing at 10, a. m. and. soul-stirri- ng branch of the Relief Society is earnestly desired and it is sincerely hoped there will be a large attendance of the members, as this is a time when union and a faithful discharge of duty on the er seems virnpera-tiv- e. part' of each individual-membBishops and other brethren, are most cordially invited to attend the Conference as also all interested in this benevolent Organiv ;. 7 77 zation.' ' being-infatuate- d -- I THORNS AND ROSES. Nature, teaches that we cannot find a calm untroubled stream of light and life. Winter comes with icy sceptre held on high . cease to beat and all her gladsome songs are hushed; but Summer follows with her hand of warmth and loosens all his frigid chains. Night comes, and wraps his sombre mantle round the earth mantles, dark, and cold, and drives night shades away. chill, but day-ligoften beats down 5orrowiand jiThe stprm-kin- g dismay, but sunshine always follows rain. Through all, the biting cold, the genial warmth" the dark and light, the storm and calm, we tread ht -- here-where-angels-- coi to-da- our walks must temper Our tracks we leave and roses fall a portion from This is the largess we are to fellow-ma- theirs for good or ill. round them thorns or the harvest of our lives. bound to give to mother-earth, . n. We meet a stranger sad and wan, we pass him on our wav: and does the look we dve brine smiles upon the troubled face, or does the frown but darker grow? Did we drop roses in his path,or was it but a thorn? A friend is near, one delicate and frail ; we love that friend, but watching, see her stepaside. Wrong thoughts she tells to us, and yet we do not chide, but let it pass lest we should wound her tender, loving heart, or lose the kind regard we T5 that thi atTihcrpc.t nrizf - s -- . tongues, etc., Aretta. Written for an .exercisein L. D. S. College, Salt Lake City, Nov. I can testify- - that these blessings in' AN AD BY MRS. JULIA CRUSE HOWE. In addressing the members of Mutuarimprove- raent Associations of this Ward this evening, f are in the Church at the present time, though not to the ex tent it is our privilege to enjoy them, and this because of our lack of faith. Owing to our indul- gcucc in viuii.jr Aim iunjf auuiAtK Ol love lOWaruS one another. Paul in his Epistle to the Thessalonians refer- -' ring to this time, and those people who receive 15, 1889. ' rrnnf-ff-fripnch- - 1 cauge God shall send them strong delusions, tfcat - 