A 125 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. y . s.wn"""- - a - was . trr v (rpnr ' rniT pnr tMinnAfprr " w. u"mnv1 1.1 p i If . ..cu l: iULjnm-wa- in an eminent degre e the hearing and possessed no evil." This Ch racteris- vrhxity that .ihinketli ;iaTrit'rpeeUy i" of dnmestir Jiff "- -t hr order of excellence, example is of the highest ' the all that was ,wgrd implies in As a mother she not only to the child'its best and highest sense, but fo her, to "those whose lot ren God had given was cast with hers,deprived by death of their own no duty unperformed for them pother.,. She left that their own mother could have done, and aside from d ty her love was as .precious and as freely the orphaned ones aJtoTreF6"wp7as"faf given to . tender uuu i -- amenities iWPCt ..v.- -- . Xourig at . i ; . an exile trom Mauvoo, coming out in- tne ceaa ot winter to travel an unknown country, and to share tlie trials "and vicissitudes of a pilr s I - ' Bnham ' Bannock Stakes, which will appear hereafter in K Afl a C K t& ,A til e Secretaries t - of the Relief "Society, in this r eq ue s t ed t3keruf-2iorr-ttre-4iereby-particu- larly theJiead ,ijlthatlamous pioneer cojnr to prepare ...reports,, and forthe for pany set put to find-vapeoabiding place ward them not later than ,the 25th of February; pie' who were exiles froni home, Sister Clara tb theStake. Secretary, Mrs. Elizabeth Howard, accompanied him7and was one of the fiFsUo treadj No. 60, Fourth South St., bait Lakt Uty, in order the soil of this mountain vale.' When President that a full and complete report may be made in Young, after a brief stay here, had to return to time for the Stake Conference. By order of Mrs. Winter Quarters, Mrs. Young must have had a M. Isabella ' Home,' President Relief Society, sore experience, but she bore , that trial as,she-diSalt Lake Stake. all others that she was called to iiass through, -J with the dignity true worn" nhood, and neve-rThe Secretary o f t he Central B oard o f the -f-altered or..waveieri: in. her. Jaith, or adherence to :as Trimary Associations is desirous jsf obtaining a ; " ''' n the to her friends, thoughslie principles of the Gospel she had embraced full report from each Stake of Zion .foF the com-- " needy was when so young in years ve without the least, shadow of ostentation, and pjete report to be prepared .in time for the April Sister Ynunf has hnrn fivp rhilrlrpn iwn snns in the language of the Scripture, let not the letf report should Conference, and this be ready tnlay.s before,. oiL.about the 25th of hanTOoW whatrherighH of her life was the .death of her boys. She Was rtf the. poor and the unfortunate will miss her Marchr Consequl:luIylhTTep6rts ffohTalPpoints for was of she almost inconsolable for a time, but her grief .was comfort, ought to be' in. the hands, of tlie Secretary as kindly deeds and words friend ' indeed." not without an abiding hope of receiving them early as the 16th of March at the latestrwhich verily a friend in need" and "a weeks time to prewould give her then only-tw-o again, where there vould be no more death and Her life is thickly sown with good seeds, that alllears be wiped away. She left three daughters, must yield an abundant harvest in the" time to pare them.',it is a very important thing, and the and one who mourns her as sincerely, as her own, Presidents of Primary Associations in the severar come, and she will assuredly reap a rich reward who shared her love, and tenderness equally with Stakes of..Zion, sliould see that this matter is from the fruits of her labors here below. It is her very own. Five grandchildren are also left to properly, attended to, both as to correct figures impossible to mourn long for such an one. mourn her loving care and kindnessTTor she was and statements and date of sending." Forward "So He calls them in from their labors, ere the shadows the Stake reports to Mrs. Cornelia H. Clayton, as tender and thoughtful of them as she had'been f round them creep, No. 137 Third Street, Salt Lake City; of her own little flock. And silently watching o'er them, lie giveth His loved ones on The funeral services were held at " sleep)." The Women of Utah throughout theTerritory .Monday, January 7, at 12 m., President Seymour. sh'oul read the minutes, etc., of the Woman B. Young presiding. The house was filled with And thus Sister Clara fell asleep, for it was only Suffrage meeting, held in the Salt Lake Assembly relatives and friends, who came to pay their last like a gentle slumber; she looked the very picture Hall,, recently, and prepare for local organization of repose and tranquility as she lay in her soft. tributct.of respect and love, and many who could Jn each, cpuntyjitan early date. The National their manifested heid that that admittance not in c.asket appreciation the only robes gain flowing Enrollment, too,sliould be continued,and effective around the and outside gateways which was mortal, for the pure spirit, freed from by remaining work done in making preparations for statehood The beloved the service. to entire the services had join its earthly tabernacle, gone during and the suffrage. Women cannot be too well to" and with the God, husband children, vail my "Nearer, hymn, ones behind the informed upon political and governmental matters, Knowl-toMrs. Edith and the relatives friends, Thee," sung by quartette, father and mother, and many as the laws i the land are made and enforced as and D. doubtwas Vilate Mrs. her Pyper .Young, George coming and the great, rejoicing at as much in their behalf as that of the male popuPresident offered was her for by D. sorrow deparJ. less more than equal to the Spencer. Piayer lation of the country. Sixty yards of the National "Unveil the which after thy H. D. hymn, Wells, ture from the loved ones here. Enrollment has already been sent to head the rendered wes tomb" faithfuF by bosom, singers. Clara Decker Young departed, this life aliout quarters; the papers contained the names of F." O. Whitney" Bishop 8,393 mTnlOT four o'clock in the afternoon of January 5th, 1SS9. was followed he and eloquent address; by delegate from Utah to the Convention of the N. Her death was quiet and undisturbed by any of of terms and who in S. B. Young, spoke praise W. S. A. at Washington, was the bearer of these those dreadful paroxysms of pain that are so and President D..H. near and endearment of "Annt Clara," . papers. shocking and terrible to those who are similar in a minutes few for a strain, Wells spoke from the dear, and can never after be effaced The Christmas number of --Ziotts Home ' so aDDreciative of- the excellent traits of the de as wereod itt memory Monthly full of good. reading matter. -A cut as illness ceased. The quartette rendered in a tender man Her away. almost unconsciously passed "The Frbntispiece "portrays ar winter scene. ner the beautiful hymn, ''Come to me," and the did not seem dangerous until the last two days KnpHtrtJnn was nronounced bv felder- - Robert- - Christmas Angels," by Silverpen, is a prettily told before her demise, and; indeed it was not thought story. There are several original poems, one Dy Patrick. who was her for . to send daughter necessary Lula, "I Want to be Close to You," is a perfect The friends present were permitted to take a absent from home, until that time. But the crisis sug gem: ' Joesiae tne uaruen oaie, last look at Sister Young, and the casket was was very near, and afrer receiving the dispatch gestive to young lovers, and "A Love Song" is in " carried from the house, by the sons of President that told her of her mother's illness, she hastened fort what- its title indicates: "The Growth of oun? and immediate relatives of the deceased. with all possible speed from Portland, whither she Zidn," by Sai, differs in style from the other floral offerings, beautiful and had gone, but it was too late, the news of her There were many Doems in the number, but is expressive of its sub a tender and graceful expres was it and her fragrant, her journey reached npon mother's death ject, and of "the gathering," as predicted by the and family, but Sister children to comes her love often of sion that the courage homeward, but with prophets and fully embodies the quotation used, to beautify her remains, these not needed wonderfully, bore Young she up with the deepest grief, "Give us room that that we may dwell;" "A Birand her good is for imperishable, for her memory been heavy, have very 4h6ugh the shock must mingham Christmas Carol" and ''Christmas Bells," with" name sweeter than the fairest blossom with which and r. health, jiciiqI .; sne nanj leu uei iu .are.appropriate for the time of year, and call up n a very I her rave was strewn. M.ay the living follow her ag meeting . . , . t ,1 .t snau ' nnhlp0 examo e. and. when every expectation come 10 ;pIea$antsoda ueatn short time. ., and sentimental ; "VVhat Does it Matter" is quite them may it be as peaceful and as grand as was and a meritorious production, and the little recitative . MrsrYoung was therdaughter ofjsaacr hprs. Harriet Page Decker, and was born July 2no, poem, ''No," would be a good selection for the followed her earthly reof line carriages A ork. long New Primary children ; "Less Than Cost" fs a select- 1828, in Freedom, Cataraugas County, snd after the collin was the to mains cemetery, Her father's family moved to Ohio, Portage Co., deoosited in the vault, "Re.st on the hillside" was tion from the writings of Mrs. M. A. Kidder, and contains sound advice. The great variety of in 1833, and ,in:i was offered by s;ungdJeedicatoyprayer prose articles, original and selected, cannot fail to A Church of Jesus Christ of Lalteray?aintsliro. I he grave was Qptrmmir B. YounT. T?Ar wrtn i i.a Mth thpir family q:: please those who are fond of good reading. "An rirandWerfuneralcorteg d have ever since in the editorial column, defines the- 1837. the Saints in Kirtlandin Explanation" in in silence her the city leaving kittor - way backward to posiuon taken by the editor, and gives the reader remained with: the body ot the !orrect-Semi-aruiu- al - - . tf , to-th- e t well-know- semi-annu- al -- . L . her-hom- e r " com--mence- d; , n. . - . - - -- -- oa, f -. 1 - 1 uti-uu-- of-thei- r - -- r ' ; - - ; t-- wur- of Joseph Smith was among the Prophet to Missouri in 1838,:-anstate on those wholvere compelled to leave 4hat In 1S41 sne r .u: ,0i;,r;mi? faith. Clara accomrniedthfamily came to Nauf 00, havingevuslyiiyed Chester and jn .AVarsawJri- - thetate 9n" after leavings Missourltn the 843rshe was maitied to Brighamoan W m- - "thTcltyOhedead arTldea of hismof i true that we, as a people, should seek to promote . i t l a desire ,tor home literature 01 jme very quality, There is a wide field opening for it, and there is plenty of material for themes, tn fact the ..unexplored storehouse of home literature is inex V haustible. ' EDITORIAL NOTES. j We have received for publication minutes of San Juan and . . - . - i 