WOMAN'S - I Golden Wedding after fifty years was quite as joyful as the first, though there was probably not so - much ceremony. : Mr. George Goddard and Mtis ElizabethHarri-son, were united in marriage on the loth, day of September, 1839, in the Church of St. Margaret in Leicester, England, the ceremony being per- -. formed by the. Curate in the unavoidable absence of the Rev. Andrew Irving, who was desirous of .being present to marry them himself. EXPONENT. Your works of love unto the sick And words ofcomjort to the meek. Are to your sisters, healing balm Their troubled spirits you can calm; And many years may added be As long as life's desired by thee. -- - Brother and Sister Goddard recieved the Gospel in Leicester their native place' and came to Ameriea-in85Vcncountering-man7- upon efils Four little ones were buried by the way "the way. side, and one was buried in the fathomless ocean. They have had thirteen children of whom only five are living, yet the grandchildren are as numerous accordingly as their own family were i ne writer oners sincere congratulations to Bro. and Sister ;GoddardJand trusts thaUhe golden... bark that has safely breasted so many adverse tides, may now sail smoothly onward until it reaches that sure haven, where there are no more fierce encounters with winds and waves,ot troubles and sorrows, and w&ere there is a fulness of joy forever. RS OF A CENTURY. up to by your friends as having superior wisdom. and a wonderful experience; and having "the whole landscape- behind you and below of-lif- e-. aitje.This you," JsjaturallyJhecQndition. of Sister Presindia Kimball. On her recent birth day anniversary fifty or more of her dear friends met at her residence as they have been in the habit of doing regularly for seventeen years. They were mostly veterans themselves, with a few young women, who love to mingle with those .whose whole souls are absorbed in the Latter-da- y -- work. One of these young girls Miss Gladys Wood- me minutes 01j" tnis meeting or mansee aiook iL party, ra order to preserve the many good things said on that occasion and to be read when they meet again. From these minutes we understand the spirit of . thatgatheririg and it was the spirit of the dospel. Their hearts were inspired with love for each other and the grand truths revealed in our day by the Prophet Joseph. The gift of tongues was given and the interpretation and the sisters re joiced i n .theman ife s tation.of the smile and approbation of the Heavenly Father jmade known to them through these precious gifts. Blessings were pronounced upon Sister her comfort and many Were the promises made to her and all concided with her former blessings given many years . ago by Joseph the : .. et. Kim-JpaJLf- or . 1 . proceedings of this goodly company and the names of those who participated in the affair but there was singing and prayer, speaking, and blessings, and feasting both spiritual and temporal and it was a day long to be remembered by all who were present. The following poem was addressed to Sister Kimball and read to the company assembled by, ' 7 - i MRS. MARY ANN M. PRATT. Our love for you has brought us here, ' AlthOTgft but Yonr life has been a useful one. Continue till your work is done. : r Your many friends wish that your days, May not soon end, God bless your ways! And may life's hours be long and sweet, To give you joy when e'er we meet. , " auspicesofJheJiewiiNaUoiial University' which opens October 1st, of. which it is the organ." The first number will contain articles on literary, educational and scientific subjects, anil a pros pectus of the University, which is said to be modelled after the London University and has """" courses, teaching many subjects" by roailrrPublished at 182 Clark Street. Your, counsels, yea, we all have sought, As treasures dear that can't be bought, non-reside- nt TO THE SUFFRAGE LADIES. Beatrice Neb., Sept. , Dear Mrs. Wells: There must be a certain satisfaction in being unmistakably old. To be reverenced and looked 1 The National Magazine is the name of the new literary venture of Chicago, which begins with in eOctober number It is published under-th- e- : , THREE-QUARTE- LITERARY NOTE. extensive : luiuugit lis - - r GO 18S9. JCiaiilCul IIU .representation; the right of trial by jury has been abridged and almost destroyed in this territory. By procuring unrepublican test oaths and other proscriptive legislation it has disfranchished many citizens, because they would not support its men and measures. . For this cause only, it has succeeded in robbing the women of Utah of the elective franchise after they had "exercised it for seventeen years. Tthas endeavored to supplant a legislature elected by the people with a commission nnnointed bv the Federal trnvernment t f h,is ;nu"ht to erert an insnnprnhle hsrrlpr prejudice against the admission of Utah as a state. It seeks to extend UTthis territory the infamous enactments by . which, in Idaho, thousands of citizens are stripped of every political rifrht. solely because. of their member- Tf" shir) in an unDOOular relk'ious organization r o avows, through its organsvits intention foprocure such Congressional legislation as will debar all persons, who belong to Jhat religious body from acquiring title to any part of the public tlomain. It is therefore destructive of popular liberty and of anv Jiust liberal anrl unworthv of the suDDort r j j " " patriotic citizen. We believe that the supremacy of the "Liberal" party means class disfranchisement, excessive -- law-abidi- ng " -- 1 ' . The Woman 's Tribune will be published in Washington. D. C. after the middle of Novem ber announcement in next Tribune. This .will enable it to be more helpful in national affairs. will you kindly urge upon those whom you think .would be interested as you have opportunity their need of the paper. I am glad that Utah is getting such a good waking up on the Suffrage question and that it has so able a representative as the Woman's Exponent. ': ' Yours cordially ! ." : Clara B. Colly, social regulations, and that the supremacy of the People's party means equality before the law, rea- sonaDie taxes, oinciai nonesir ana prudence, and the maintenance of the proud reputation of the city for law and order. That the orotrress and imDrovements demanded by the growth of the city may be secured we de- clare that: - ; water. , There must be a plentiful supply and fair dis tribution of water for all needful purposes, let the cost be what it may. This is absolutely indispensable to the 'health and happiness of the city. The wafer mains should be extended as soon as nn;:?. ble to every part of the city. 1 PEOPLE'S DECLARATION PLATFORM. OF PRINCIPLES. The People's party of Salt Lake City, in con vention assembledj-presest- - DECLARATION the (dhvt'mg:"-"- .- OF PRINCIPLES: The basis of free government is the right of the CTRFFT T.ir.ITTTVfi We favorthe speedy extension of street lighting by gas or electricity to all inhabited parts of the city. .. 2 - people to govern themselves. The object of the Federal constitution is to secure a free government to the people of the United States, wherein all persons shall be pro tected in life, liberty-an-d property and in the en joyment of every right essential to their happiness and not inconsistent with the rights of others. We regard the Constitution as a sacred char ter of human liberty ; we revere its principles and declare our unwavering allegiance to the govern- mem-an- u laws mauc m pursuance 01 its pro. visions. " - , , The People's Party has always upheld these principles. It has maintained the tight of local self government. It has contended for the free- dom and purity of elections. It has opposed class legislation. It has promoted honesty in all branches of the public service. It has main tained equality before the law. It has been characterized by justice, prudence and fidelity. 'Taxation has been unifprnr andlower-Jn-Uta- h than in any other territory. There have been no extravagant salaries, no jobbery, no schemes for great bonded debts. Life and property have been secure, morality has been fostered and vice repressed. It is the .partviof Jconser yitivalprft gress, commensurate with public necessities and resources. d Opposed to the People's party is the "Liberal" party, which professes to venerate the3 Constitution while, violating its fundamental truths. It arrogates to its members "the honored name of Americans while seeking to deprive a large class of American citizens of the substantial " -' 'r- SANITATION. We favor a through system of sanitatio-nsewers for the business and thicklypeopled por- 3 fcecal and all kinds of waste matter from other parts, under the supervision of efficient officers. STREET IMPROVEMENT. ; 4 The grades and lines of all streets, water sidewalks should be permanently established : tne corners or Diocks and grades of and all streets indicated by suitable corner-stones- , improvements made to conform thereto. The streets and sidewalks should be perma- entlygradedarid improved, with good material,as fast as possible upon an equitable and definite plan, and all bridges and culverts .should be the full width of the streets and sidewalks. ditches-'an- d PUBLIC BUILDINGS. . gs the erection of adequate for present: and approaching requir-ment- s. But in order that the taxes may not be increased for this purpose, and thaTlhTordinary city revenues may be used for water and other press ing requirements, the city surplus lands not dedir cated to publicnse should be sold as:"pr6videcTby law, and the funds appropriated for public buildings in common with other improvements. public-buildin- 5- -We self-style- LETTING OF CONTRACTS. oV-Publi-c . work, should be let by contract to the lowest responsible bidder. RAILROADS. 7Good railroad facilities are necessary to the , 