WOMAN'S EXPONENT 170 f .. 1, . "The average age of the female graduate from after she has ceased ,to be a girl, save by perfect freedom from a suspicion of unmaiden-linesa typical New England, school isbetween six; courtesy, and still read the classics and move Samoan teen and seventeon years. Hence it will The 'women, as a rule, are good most the aristocratic society in, perhaps lead, looking, but every' village boasts its. "beauty." pear that the women of whom this list has of the town." New York Mail and Exprm. been made, ranging, d between "Tampo" is the Samoan name given to the thirty-lou- r village oueen. - Generally she is the rnlinn.0 years old; hare "done the ixENEKALjCQNFERENCE- greater part of all the 'settlinc: in life that- "chiefsTowrrdaughter, or one adopted by him. " they are likely to do. Out of a total of ninety-nin- e She i3 at all time3 a girl of high rank in the we are be What a comfort to seated, where 'marrgraduates there "were twepty-seyeplace itself, or in that of her parentage. From . word of lose the a sure we shall not eloquent, the first day of tier installment to the day of are iages, eleven deaths and sixty-on- e at these uvx words uttered that are Strange as it might seem, the eleven uiuxiiugv, vuiii.ut, j a viCtlli UJHc" ujiuiuiv, deaths were all caused by consumption. There . meetings; As we look round over the vast as- - mpnt. nnita ioran fwhif.hin w" -fnr had hehftvior vwii u with the have been two cases of insanity, both of the semblageTand' effected with a she was think, times is compassionf club), . . . , , virtually T7 i,t sic twenty-sevewim ineir neu.ua ueui. the queen of the place... It is she who reeeives marriedr oTipr;TKeIargest romnanv wno win number of.children of any is three. Three of forward, and their ears strained to catch the in strsinfrprs nn arrival in herlnwn. rnnkpa IVorr the girls went to college after leaving the high- spired words, as they fall from the lips ;forthem, and. personally sees to their comfort r see rwh o perch ancerthey longed and prayed "to' - school, all JN ever, aro marrietlrr-c"and entertainment. irom, one year's exclaim in but can't. those I assemblies, sne ena is to to be out of "Of the unmarried - sixty-one,again another,twenty-onpermittea v i i i to u l 01 itri Brirrham for a Young feminine-calliolIow a very-usu-al that of in mv heart. reason asrainwitn mothers who will persist m invariably accompanied by: asmanv-o- f hpr schoolma'ml One is at Hampton, Va., teaching the Indians; the other twenty are in bringing babes to drown with their precious youthful companions -- as are available for the - country schools in or near their homes. Three voices thecword3 which many' have traveled so service. They follow her in single file where-eve- r far to hear. Now I'm not a crusty old maid reads-proshe goes;" She heads all pr6cession8,and ne4s-iiea- d. dress- and a of dreads who the child, perhaps visits and takes the leading part in all "swas," sight maKer in. a large establishment in JNew York why I wish or native dances. city; "four are dressmakers on their" own hook; my love for them is one reason show-mhers ot more earnestly for some one-- to Her attire on gala days is of the gayestjcle-scriptio- n one is 'practicing; medicine; three are music the well as the wrong they do the sweet babesas that the town can afford; and everyteachers; fifteen are stitchers and buttonhole feast the of makers in shoe shops, and the rest are home' thousands whom they deprive thing ie ungrudgingly sacrificed that canadd which they came to enjoy. bodies. to the glorification of her personal appearand faces the look of on tired the I have thought who has mainly it is she, on these occasions, "Just what ha3 brought about such a nre. discour"would fVio and nnlinlrl tiA mothers both in x tnivn Tf- ia nrptinrp babes, surely , o nf ponderance of spiusterhood it is not altogether them in bringing them again; butalas! when dressing for any ceremony that she ap- easy to sayr Some people have contended that age mothers after after year, meeting, year w nave iiu win ui ucr unu.: KJll SuCR meeting it did not exist, but statistics prove to the pais of the into center even will in bringi ng, persist Such people have explained, the great vast this building, children, whom they must ment of the ceremomaL the take surplus of women in New England on the well others tVtom as nfisQPQSiinn will know a3 On nf pntirA Aarrrrn themselves, hpr. prevent tion that most nof :themareMd6Sde: from hearing; but I think I hear you say: "do the exercise 01 the mysteries 01 the Samoan nig uawiuuua UUUUJJUUUII OA lUG men not mothers need the,encouraging words which boudoir. Everything is done for the proud., the eastern coast. Widows there-aralong in they may chance to catch between the cries of .damsel, who stands patiently suffering any of my record cerplenty, but this. sixty-ontheir babes?" I answer; if they do not, I don't amount gf coercion, one tithe ot which she tainly never married. and would not permit for a second were it not know who does. I am a mother mvself: 0 part "Probably most of them never had an oppor with some one and. leave, ray of her duty as the beauty of the town. She can't if I change tunity to marry There- - are few marriageable" little ones in good hands I will get my confer- is first taken in hand by two or three of her young men at the present time to be found in ence from the or, at smaller meetings. who briskly shampoo " her all over papers attendants, mnf nf. fha amall NfiW Encrlanr! TUn ..1.1 tttKC CllCCL UI1 xlou'k outjpwTO UiT TTOrda Will nith oweet eccuted oil until her warm colored serene quiet of this most lethargic rural l n the 13 wished so that why-- I multitude, heartily ..skin shinesJike satin, Another will energeticof the. country does not suit the active iur -ally brush her jet black locks, and afterward All too honor feeble to the voicei who are plait or otherwise arrange them in the manner away before they are old enough to marry, and still able to hundreds in a smaller Jnstruct that the combined wisdom of the old people, the chances are that they don't come back but their could if owners see the assisted by the suggestions of twenty or thirty building; y again. of the sinkand realize the features, drooping of her youthful may dictate.. "If they do return they are impressed with ing of the souls of the multitude, as they strive She will then be .companions, to entertain "the stranready the lack of money in lew England, outside of to sit and watch their motions while ger" and prepare for him the kava. quietly the cities, by the length of time since the their words are inaudible, and then to see the Above all things the native women excel in houses have been painted, and the amount of of the features and imagine the lightkindling the art of dancing and posturing. The most calculation required before he can find a place ness of when who see one has a popular dance among them is the "Siva," spirit they where he can satisfactorily spend a dollar. arise to strong, powerfuTvoiee which is performed by four or five maidens to speak; and who, They do not stay long enough to admire the but for the noise of children, would make all in the accompaniment of a tuneless song and hardy thrift that can wring a comfortable this vast building hearr tom-tocut they on the of consists wouldurely It drumming support from the stony soil where a -- New their remarks short and leave the main part of posturing and movementa-- of Yorker would starve, and 'the girls they left the preaching to those whose voices can be which are made in unison and in time be.bind them' cannot compare, so they seem to - heard. I have been 'around for those with the music. Some of the figures are exthink, for beauty of dress, fascinating. coquetry ushers- who invite looking to their newspeople ecuted while standing erct upon the feet, but put or BmaU talk of society with the blandishments in their pockets, and wondering why it in most of them papers the dancers ait of the cityigirls, who have insensibly become1 is worse to occupy the hour or more, we have upon strips of matting spread upon the ground. their standard of admiration. tORit here to secure a good seat, in reading the The" postures are many and varied. Some xmcc uwsmereu, u, 13 iortunate tor news, than it is to spend it in chatting, or times the right hand rests upon the neighthe spinstermiugj that she is fast learning, to think ccnuuuug m i uave " bor's left, shoulder, Deenjioing. ltxanaturalrrd-not-altQgeth- er An Observes. dancer's knee, and sometimes this motion is state ofafiairs to be what she is. They do not Tabernacle April 8th, 1889. reversed. One position is with the look an unhappy lot, and New right hand England is spread upon the ground in front, and the fingers learning to be tender of and appreciate them. WOMEN OF SAMOA. of the left hand touching the hirens of r.h ShdoeatJjcall dancer's right arm. Another is " a more fiction of their youth is kept till The die. women still love to dres3 in the natural thoughtful attitude. The nVht. hand snnnnrts up they One may hear of the 'Fisher girls the 'Smith products of the native bush. Around their the left elbow, while the left cheek rests upon girls and so" on for weeks before th mt throats they wind necklaces fnrmoA nf the index of the left the finger hand. all Of dawn3nat tne 'girls'. are well past tne half cen- - scarlet berry, or shells sewed upon a strio of graceful Samoan dancers none can compare wiuucuwac. Aiiey uver married and a innge made Irom the rib Wlth the daughter of Patua, one of Metaafa's no jone wa bones.of a fish is attached to this tWItTo a most prominent chieftains. Her movements uuo ueyona which they ceased to be often a boar's tusk "forms a handsome young. spiral are so "exquisitely graceful and full of such They are self respecting and universally res- - though barbaric ornament Like their civildreamlike motion that Europeans and natives ized sisters the Samoan belles will endure any alike, have combined in naming her "The &inuu lU'Vus great num -- amount of pain and discomfcrtin order to be in Dream." Sacramento (CaL) Report. bers, where the best educated and best bred the fashion,- - but, unlike ih them, Yankee girl, of the best colonial families, can all the time and exercise the year privileges A girl's club for the study of domestic SiQto the shoe shop and; work there for years Tlfrht ima kji r of nnnirA frr vitLic ..i "I oiur eternity, with economy has been formed in St. Louis. s. - -- to-da- y, twenty-ninean- M CD : n still-single- soul-cheerin- g A . 1 1 n of-o- ne - . of-who- m . e . 1 ng -- . set-type;-- -- of one ' con-trar- y. sup--po- si old-wom- - , en - e e ina - -- W 1 Tf sec-lio- spiritfung . : : m. . the-body-and-- hands, . cross-legge- d i and-leftiadpc- mu-umci- iuies -- . . -- ,- -f the" 