82 -- if-th- ey 1 . . -- flew-foun- d - ment, yet he believed,-anaccordingly he took the Elders with him up into the chamber of the sick "woman arid introduced them to hid afflicted' "these are the! Elders of whom I told you,: who preach repentance and baptism by immersion and the laying on of hand?', not only' foY confirmation and the gilt of the Holy 'Ghost but also' for the healing of the sick and afflicted even as in the days of the Savior." "Are you willing to listen to them and if you can comprehend as I do the truth. of'tliese things we will ask for baptism at their hands? The Elders remained a short time conversing with the sick woman, and she received their of "a little child, teaching with and her faith was such that she desired bap tism but how could she obtain it she! asked; "I am not able to sit Up or to be dressed and how can I be baptized?" said she and the tears flowed down her palid cheeks. One of the Eiders replied, "Mr?. V.- - if you have faith in our administration we will lay hands upon your head, and ask our Heavenly Father to heal you and you shall be restored to health, and go down into the waters of bap-- . usm, reiurn again to your home, and go about your daily work as you did before thisr illness came upon you." "I will exercise faith for I beleive' you are n n . ; men oi uoa 1 see it in your countenances, and feel a power such as I have never experienced before." 0 if my boys were only here, to see you and to hear you as I do, what would they say?" . Her husband interposed saying the boys should be written to immediately, and that she must not trouble about them, they would ""Tthemselves" Finally the' Elders administered- - to - her and : taining1 thereto. . -- TRIFLTNTG7 wife-sayin- the-humil- ity - . it 1 : . " . ; ' - come-home-- and ; skeJ 5 Human nature is far from perfect, even the t of men ard wnmftn hnvo mnnv fnlfi' vat of all faults' the most deplbrable'in my sight u trifling. A3 we pass: through' life what sadde'f sight do bft we see than a man who ' has trifled1, away his talents, even though they were of no more than vated no doubt many a man might have made a uttiuc lut jiuiiscii iu Bume proieasion, or as a man of letters, who is now no' honor to his family and a burden to society. We have an example of a man born with more than ordinary talent in our poet roe. He died in the prime of life in the gutter in- are of the first rank in literature, but after rp.adintr thp.m wr man nnf. hpln thirilrinnr her husband and twd or three of the youngef children she walked a little distance from the i, to where there was a running stream of water, andthey- - were all baptized and confirmed into the Church, and the words spoken to her by the Elders were literally fulfilled. This manifestation of the power of healing -- caused a srreat coriimotion: people round about were well acquainted with Mrs. W.W condition,- and could not account fbr the miracle that; :had : been Iwrought, fol they knew some power had been exercised in her behalf. Her two eldest sons who Were away in College were sent for to come home, that they might know for themselves of this wonderful change. One of them, the eldest was preparing for the ' ministry, the other to graduate in medicine. They came home, they . heaid the teaching of the Elders,and the testimony of their mother upon the healing - wViot might he have done hadr he not trifled with the genius 4 with5 which .'he was endowed, by his Maker. - , Let us eay with the sage'Mae me neither better nor worse than my fellow man," for in We cannot all be mediocrity i3 safety. geniuses neither are we all- born with feeble mind3, yet if the human mind is not exercised how can we expect it to retain its original activity? We are as'yet school-boyand school-girland it i3 now that our characters are being . . mi iuilucu. Tf1 wu inue uuw we win regret ic iu the years to cohie. Let us hope that in after years we shall not have it said of us, "He might have been a1 credit' td ahia friends and himself had he not trifled away His1 time? - s' . ISABEL SEAIIS. Woman: You talk about the fire of genius. Many a blessed woman who dies unsuncr and unremembered has given out mdre of the real vital heat that keeps the life in human souls, without a spark flitting through her humble chimney to tell the world about it, than would set a dozen theories snibkirigVdfa hrindred odes simmering in the brains' of so' many men. of ' -- genius. U. IV. Motmes. Aitt Mother. Noth ing 13 more thoroughly mistakerT than the idea that a sworaan fulfils her duty by doing an amount of wort that is far beyond her strength. She not only does not fulfil' her! duty, but she most singularly fails in it, arid, the failure, is truly deplorable. There can be no sadder sight OyER-woEEOiWiF- - s, a. -. ihealedaridhe . " ( -- ; coii-sideredho- w: : - -- ir oi-ruiu- . : .. - l.-'- e ' ch y-hands -- - The' cotiflici between the Church people1 ind those' who had' accepted the idea of new revela tion was a bitter one, and the consequence was 'a gradual division that at last became penharient. One cannot help feeling that the coramaridihent given' to the Saints to gather unto' "orie place is necessary, when it is indignant 'and revengeful 4he people1 become' towards1 those who accept the principles of "Mormonism." so called, but in ' : v ; reality the true GospelrT" Meantime tfrough persecution raged one niight: say. yet the Saints met together and the gifts of the Gospel were poured out in a wonderful rriariner, not 'only in the gift 4f tongues arid the" interpretation thereof but in the' healing of the sick and afflicted, so7 much so that Ddctors became alarmed a3 well as ministers. In a neighborhood about five miles from the village ou a : farm, the mistress of the' house, the mother of a larger family had lain ill for many years. 'Eminent physicians had pronounced .her ailments incurable, arid her family had given up all hopes of her ever comiri g- - ddwn mlrs ; again. The husband of the sick woman heard the Mormon Elders preach, and repeat the sayin of the Savibrt6 hU desciples, Go ye into all me worm and preach the Udspel &c. and he -la- . J . is baptized -- - . shall be saved xpQwermariifegt through the .holy priesthood, etc. and these signs shall and they soon became convinced it was somefollow them that" believeJn my name thing which far exceeded the learning of the world. They gave up their worldly professions, they ehall cast out devils," shall speak" with - on'th'e; they became'eon verted- - to the Gospel-whinew tongues,- - and- sick they ehall recover, ..and go ..forth. Mr. Jtheir parents had embraced vand - they too were W pondered over these words and he baptized, and afterwards ordained, and probeleived them; and the Elders also said many claimed "the glad tidings and truths! taught had been healed, under the administration of them to all who would hear. But the young ' the Elders of the "Church of Jesus Christ' of men with whom they had studied would not Latter dav Saints in the present" day, as well aa. .accept the message they brought and.ridiculed hahoiMrtfT whnf. thftv thpw mnf ;thcf ham in' former times.,,. Faith seemed at once to be; be the truth: Itwas hard for theraj but implanted in me nearc 01 xur. u. ne sougm 'fied to' an interview wun ine riuers, uu jnvueu iiizm. ihey: found Tlmmediately after; tb'eir bamismV that they. could not finish the'studies they had to his house, he listened to their teachings ' nreiudice intended was tnn at the College: andsoon became c6nvertedtotheldoctrines: x ti o C .11 L. iT J i uouceruiug-tir they taught. He told them of the condition3 oilier, aim an sorts of his wife, and asked them if there was a1 "Mormons," were retailed at large. But these possibility of her being healed by faith. The young men. had counted the cost, and. bad Elders answered, "if she is not appointed unto decided to serve God? and preach the' Everdeath, and if she will believe- - sufficiently to lasting Gospel, revealed agaiu through Joseph allow us to administer, to her in the ordinance Smith, instead of accepting earthly honors and of the laying on of hands she will be raised false' cteeds. And: here' for' a little time1 we up and you. will have her in your midst again will leave them, rtjoibinf in their listened in astonishfaith, enjoying the- gifts and blessings perfully restored." Mr. W. that beJieveth and tional Church, and some who had never made a profession of any religion, were to be baptized in a, pond just a little way south of IhV village. The minister on whom the Elders had called; the day before was BjexcjUovjrhe juew vt he heard it, that he went Irom house to house amongabis parishioners to ascertain par ticulars, and if possible to protect them from the snares of the adversary of souls, arid induce; them to u;k their utmost endeavors '"to persuade"" the deluded ones to rive up' such foolish notions as having their sins- remitted by going, do wn" in to" the" water," for it Was only a species of Catholicism thi3 promise to remit sins." But it was all in vain the seed had been scattered and it found r6ot" and grew and flourished and eventually borei good lrUit There had never been at any time in the history of the oldest inhabitant of that little village such an exciting time. The baptisms were performed as the people who had been cOn- yerled requested, though the weather' was" cold in that section of country even in "November, but none of those who had asked to be baptized seemed in the least to'fear the cold water, it was a glorious sight to gaze upon these bap tisms in this quiet country place 'and' the cdn ' firmation afterwards at a house near by where they went to change their clothing. The rietf converts hovered around the Elders playing tliem with questions almost innumerable, so earnest were they in' their desires to" gairi further information. . dually after remaining about three days preaching every evening arid answering questions throughout, , the. day, the Elders traveled onward, leaving. those whom they had baptized-i- n charge of- a brother a' resident there, whom they appointed to preside tot a few days until they shou!delurn; arid resume the' work so successfully begun. Among" the truths taught by very first who beleived-thxurs. me iMders was nathaway who had been to forward looking just such an event as had transpired, the coming"bf a propheV'and-tK- e restoration of all' things . The minister brought to bear alfhis learning, wisdom and influence to show up the errors and misinterpretations of Scripture as he called their preaching and logic But thosd who had Heard knew it was not sophistry or delusion and' that" tllere wa3 ho such misinterpretation of Scriptural truths as he represented, for thev were told' bv the Jbiders to take the literal meaning' of the E" wife than that of a broken-down- , of mother a woman who is tired all her life " ' through. over-worke- d , 