WOMAN'S EXPONENT. BIRTHDAY OFF'RING. Wand'ring fancy backward turning, Lifts the curtain from the .years.; Bridges o'er the long line travel'd, 'Mid its changing hopes and fears. Til we stand upon life's threshold, Enter'd with unconscious tears. r " - " - 19 I fancy I hear Bible and' Book of Mormon, that sound principle, a pure life, and honorable dealings with our fellows, is . the right course, to take while"we7 are here; as this course of life will bring to us happiness both here and hereafter. We are told tjbatGod made man in. his own image, and he possesses of His attributes; We can see readily that this is the reason that persons who are upright,honorable- and true, are . looked .upon as being Godlike,, and. are deservingoLour reverence and in their word, .respect. believing they will do as they wisJtobe circumstances. done.by. under-lik- e neoDle This class of I feel to call- - the nobility of the a earth. They may live in a dirt roof, as I have found log- - house- - with-them under pressing circumstances, yet they were the true nobility of the earth, because the principles they cherished, and the -- would make lo - aid- and help the oppressed, drew.forth my love and admiration for them; knowing that. God our Father claimed them as His own; for surely these r were God like principles;, Is not thi3 true riches, "nd of greater value than all the precious metals' combined? Yet, if a person may possess both it is well, providing he. has that spirit which giveth wisdom, and enables him to be a wise steward. Is not this spirit then of the greatest valug, for without it, he i3 liable, to misuse and abuse these blessings, so that they even prove it's a pity if my father can't keep me; I'm not going to live out and earn my own living." Th'ey are too proud for that, and think it a disGirls who talk in grace to be this manner do not look at life and labor in their proper light. Labor is honorable; idleness dishonorable. Girk who have an independent spirit, scorn the idea of being de'pento be dent,, and consider it far self-sustainin- -- - There receiving royal welcome, j "" Feted with the choicest fare; Qothed in robes of finest texture, Wrought with skill artistic, rare. sheltered and caressed Cherished, blessed,mistered unto with care. .1 r . . r r blooming, Thence thro mornings bud and preen with gold and blue with white, Blending into rainbow colors, Scenes of gladness and delight. Until each revolving season - Seemed a fairy land of light. - With uplifted eyes we question Has the real more of bliss, Has the fount of knowledge given, Measure full for sweetness missed, Off ring stones for bread delicious. Hard, cold, facts for rainbow mist? -- ...... . three hundred, Still from sixty-fiv- e is One bright day set apart; One fair gefti from each is "numbered, - And with special favor marked; Held in grateful mem'ry ever, Treasuredjafe, within, the heart. .;Alluniyerain These anniversary days; ....'...... Give to each an added glory, Fresh with laurel green with bays, That shall breathe of friendship holy In a psalm of perfect praise,. .. Fragrant with sweet incense ever, As from Eden wafted down, One by one these leaves we gather, -- Wreathe them into .MrjpcrftWltl- Treasure trove, that ne'er shall wither,-While the wheels oCiimeJ&Qve round. L. M. Hewlings. Kan. Atchison TRUE What VALUE. what ia rif;t,h predate those friends who have the most money, because in the hour of, need they would benefit them, which is sometimes the case, but not always. Did you e vei see a person who could not use all the money he had, and more if he had it?. Accordingly people rarer not al way s charitablejfor business i3 business and must be attended to, - at the proper time; and the old "adage is "Chari ty We shou Id learn fiom begins at home." this triatitaelinKrTielwme acquai n ted with the business affairs of life while life lasts. But knowing as we do, that life is short at the best, we often cast a longing eye: oft the other side, and ask ourselves, "How will we find matters there?" and ''What pursuit is best calculated to prepare us for our exit to the next state of existence?" r; We are told by " our forefathers, both in the . : crime. 'I ' ' M -- FAITH. Faith is one of the firrst principles of the. Gospel. "By faith we live, move, and have and reflecting mind can see this clearly, and will eventually know how to choose, , and how to conduct lyif We are told "If any are sick of among you, (you) should call, for the elders the Church, they should anoint them with oil; and the prayer of faith hall heal the sick, and the Lord shall raise them Up, if they are not is- - still appointed unto death." But there die unto "Tf- thev . .die. thev J ...... iiiiuiuigM and it tinto me, ther'iire mand iHheT'lrve, ue wrgivcu -they have committeo sins iney suuu them." This promise causes me to reflect a and ask' myself, great deal on this principle" our being." "we"askTaid"orthis bait Lake City, June loth. ' v A think every thoughtful ves7-special- -- ' "' . nprham. worn himself out - 'finally-t- o thento-follyy-an- d . le care of' themselves: and now when and are they have grown to womanhood, abundantly able to earn their own Jiving, why should they not be happy" in doing so; and if necessary, help to repay the debt they v uur paicuus uo ua owe tneir pareniaj living when we are able to earn it ourselves? Doe'e the world oweu3 a living? I think not. I think we are indebted to our parents for our " existence. Jehovah decreed, that 'man should earn his bread by the sweat of his brow." and thft Doctrine and Covenants.' UJ U ,usa ' that the idler should not eat the bread of the laborer. Let U3 not want something tor nothing, but let us labor faithfully, and earnest labor will bring a sure reward. T. an-ia- p- 1 ,r. t -- : , "tEe"qes"tioh Eow docus, as soon as they are sick, send for the - There is nothing that destroys the happiness friend, all right; 'Jot tor? If the doctor ia faultof a home, so quickly and completely as the Lord said further: "If ye have not faith conand finding. It is an enemy to peace to be healed, you shall be administered habit this in tentment.: Persons who indulge mild herbs, by the hand of a friend not love those home with fhey of finding fanlt at an enemy. We read in the eleventh chapter make to is the home that the best, forget place of Hebrews: 'Faith is the substance of: things Eden. an earth make this to and happiness, for, the evidence of things not seen. By hoped tamuycan maKe. faith the worlds were framed, by faitbrAbel jejauUjinQiDg person in a its members are offered sacrifice to the Lord, a home so miserable, that by faith Enoch seek to the to neighbors glad to go abroad wa3 translated, without faith it is impossible to their them is which denied comfort that by please God." I could rehearse a great many own fireside. more evidences on faith, but this should be be num What vounsr ladv would wish to sufficient to awaken our thoughts to the imnone! finders? bered with the fault Surely of the . cultivation of a principle so portance Young ladies can do much toward making essential to our r home Dleasant for their brothers and younger SnsiE Stephenson, members - of the family, by - being kind and IanuscriptiPperN gentle, displaying their company manners at home with "their parents and brothers and sisters. They can take a great burden from Mrs. Z. D. H. Young recently made a tour assistthe shoulders of their weary mother, by of Sanpete Co.' in company with Mrs. M. A; ing to take care of, and teach the children Hyde, and Prest. Peterson and wife. : lessons of good behavior, helping them with : Clara' Barton is still as active as ever. Her irjscljoiyk and recitations for the Primary, getting them humane work was carried on in Paris after the When the ready to go, and in a thousand different ways fall.of the Commune. m 1884 she Mississippi appeared, can a thoughtful, loving daughter, make the overflowed it3 banks burden light for her mother,an4 be.a sunbeam, ladMhlrelieiLL additional to what has been mentioned, has re a joy forever in the home, Michii Girls, don't find fault if your parents cannot lieved the sufferers of the Ohio floods, Texas drouth, provide everything you think you want, be gan fires, Charleston earthquake, and now the awful grateful for what you have, and be willing to Mount" Vernon tornado, She is president of labor for what you want.. Not only should calamity at Johnstown. Crosa Society. The motto girls -- be willing to work for themselves, but if the American Red war, their families are in needy circumstances,- - they of the American branch is: "Relief in calamifamine, pestilence, and other national' should be willing, and thankful to be able-t- o V -- "'-'': ties." assist them. ; . to-wi- th . . . life-wor- truly valuable, or in other words, i3 temptation,., and FAULT FINDING. ii.f;;,"'Thu3' webknd.in song and story Tiqt . good spirit, for we surely have help in our upward course to heaven, and again in the downward course: there is help in cither sition.., All the discord of life's friction, Banished with its doubt and gloomr wWn fnlake - th emsel Like a peaceful benediction,. Comes a day in "Merrie June,' Lifts the soul to fields elysian -- faihor We-have-confid- sacri-fices-th- ey Now beyond life's noon advancing Leaving childhood's rosy dawn, ' ' .' ;i And its glorious ideal, Gushing springs of magic charm. Passed into the livings real, Wearing off the bloom of morn. - "j more-honorab- m , somo young lady say, "Oh! ' k. : 