fi ' - li ' - 1 h- .. ,. f yy -: - - - 1 ! - ; . x wk-m- - : ' n -- - . 4 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, NOVEMBER Vox. 48. -- . -- - -- L. S. '. , ;. t . dead, she is at liberty to be married to whom the will, only 111 the Lord. 15y these passages "0f 'scripturrwe" cairdrawi"idcfinatconclu3i6nH." That GcMlbae.a J a v instiluted in His cb ureh "that niakea the marriage ceremony binding in this life and the world to come. For when- - J Trifl i n g. I s abe I Sears. - Faith "What it ?M;E. Kimball- .- At At VVr Queen Isabella - story. A" Ts 1 JPraitl llephzitiab On MarriageMary-Annj- l i '" . 7 T)ear Golden-rod- , Like thine, it may be r shall, that angel's lace " V""T ' Shine goldenly and fa r, : :: Who soon shall call me from this 4ower place - 1:7 '. realms ;of purer "an Though at first siht of him a solemn pain ' '', My inmost soul may fiilr- Later see radiance, and" joy's strain CONTENTS. - .. r ; wrt nun u')r r.:.l.l " EDlTORiAL.Editorial Notices. Home. Affairs. In Memoriam. Literary Note. U. VV. S. A. A '.C Puritan Village. V. R. Relief .Society Conference." R S. Report. The lost Lenore. Dr. Painter. Notes and -- Shall all my being thrilL : .. Meta- E. B, - 01d PoETRY.--De- ar Golden-Ro- f,riends.-L- . His Plan For "God Hath B. Thome. Meta'E. d. Caroline Ashurst Defeat Defeated, Remembrance Zina E. Every-Man-.'- "Btggs-WaTner-Snoad;E- In Loving Crocheron. ....if. .r-." Ex. - For the EXPONENT sr .And ; -- ; in earth's-shattowthe blossoms of iailh and. hope will start And brighten life's dreary meadows, And the clouds give place to sunlight's gold, And the racks grow green 'neath the mouses; "God hath His plan. For eveiy man.' Though mingled with flowers and crosses. ug . DEAR OLD FRIENDS. . Dear old friends, the long remember'd, and smile on me once more. Calm bright eyes that long have slumber'd, W ake to life! as erst of yane! Gentle tones and kindly greetings, W hich I loved so much to hear, :. Still my poor heart's anxious beating, fear. and Co we, and quiet d$ubi Tremblingly I wait and listen." For the tones I held most dear, Sadly m mine eye doth glisten, Recollections pensive tear. Mem'ries on my soul are. thronging, Of the dear old days long past, Precious seasons, now seculling, Dear friends shall we meet at last? ' .' -- say unto you, except ye abide my law, ye cannot attain to this glory." "Verily, verily , i IIEPHZIBAH. X. What wonders, and what changes time hath wrought "E'en down among the old New England hills New light and revelation hath been taught, That ev'ry fibre of one's being thrills Then gird ye. on the armor of faith, And onward your way keep pressing: It may be. through valleys of carnage and death, Or up on the Mount of Blessing; LrAndf by His counsel guided, at last-- - - -He'li lead you up to your glory; . VGodhath His plan . "For every man,-,-, And the angels whisper the story. the Mormon Elders nreached in the little Puritanical village in And sure III'v , Va . 3 - Golden-ro- d, First harbinger of Summer's swift decline, Of fading and decay, When fainter seems the suns that o'er us shine. Night shades the shortening day, So swift, so short the circle of the years! The seasons come and go, And scarce the fragile violet appears Ere comes the time of snowl " j 5-28- . ; . . ' " Of fullerrpurer joy." n" rr -- For night is but the shadow of the day, " And winter of the spring; "Though all are silent now,-th- e song birds' Jay Again through woods shall ring; . - - , .: 2 . : A glory scarce of earth is thine, me seems This pain, like pure alloy, ' Seems to enhance the.luster of the gleams : : My eye caught a sentence reading thus: "Marriages are made in heaven." Now I will quote scripture, St. Luke Ch. 22- :.. 2-34, 35, VS. The question was asked by the Sadducees of Christ, ' 'whose wife of seven husbands would the woman be, in the resurrection. And Jesus answering said: "The children of this world marry and are given in marriage, but they who shall be counted worthy to obtain that world, and the resurrection from the dead neither marry nor are given in marriage." j "So vs. men to Ch. ought" Eph. as their bodies. own He that love their wives himself. loveth no man For his wife, loveth ever yet hated his own flesh, but nourisheth and cherisheth it, even as the Lord the Church. vs. "Neverthelesa 1 Corinthians Ch. ll-l- l, without the woman, neither neither is the man man in the Lord," Ch. the without the woman vs. "The wife is boundby the law as long as her husband liveth, but if her husband be ': ,29, , 8-- 39, XIv vm enough IIIIIIIIIIIIlIw w -j - 21 Jill w 1. I L -I r II II II 111 U )1 K. ' J .J f W gathered to "hear what new thing they had to tell; and iorsooth they round only tne same old story of salvation through Jhe Messiah who would yet come in power and great" glory to Dossess the kinerdomibut the strangest part of all . waa that no one seemed to have com prehended the Bible un til these Mormon Elders gave them a key by means 01 which they miild unlock the savings of the Savior and his Apostles, and the Bible seemed to them a new hook. Even "on the first evening Tmany were impressed with the truths uttered by these unlearned men. and several applied for bantism at the7 close ot the first meeting. So plain had been the explanations given in . regard to the remission of sins through Baptism and the laving on of hands for the gift of the Holy Ghost, that those who received the glad tidings with willing hearts rejoiced -- ' ON MARRIAGE. ps , i'ratt. " " e What is this pain that thrills my very heart When I thy beauty see? y VV ever start hy do the ready tear-droAt e'en the sight of thee? Have thy rich tresses stolen from the day Its very heart of gold?Else what this shadow drearisome doth lay On all that I behold? Gulden-rod- L Mary Ann M. 11 Yet, . e . GOLDEN-RO- D f 1 T itaiu . : , f . 1 - Sunny and golden the mem'ries, Like the flush that herald's dawn, Are the old friends true:hearted, in Cherished days that are gone. L. M. Hewlings. O . TT a1 1 rT il oi our ueaveiuy rauicr, We read, "That straight is the gate and narrow . . ! ! .1 13 tne way mat 1". leaas to 1110 eternal anu iew there be that find it. But dear Latter-da- y . x . .i .1 ...i i .. .1 i. : o.fi.i Hue ue lguuiuut m oaiuLs wb Miouiu uj ihese. doctrines. and principles made so plain to .Mir nmlorcf oriflinrr if wa icill nut. frllTA hpPn f.n them. Marriage is honorable to all 'thaL enter into it aright and have in view its sacredness. 1 Aiesuai ivinuom Though weary arid long the time may seem, Ere the veil of the future be lifted, And many a radiant hope and dream - Have into oblivion drifted; Tef after a while the light will come, ' And after a while the glory: T His "God hath plan jT For every, man' ' And the angels whisper the story. Then why should ye murmur, and sigh, and fret, 11'. And follow each bent and eating? wet be to waits The violet patiently VV ith the dews at the night-tim; falling; . And the robin knows that the spring will come. Though the winds are around her wailing "God hath His plan ; -For every man," z And His ways are never-failin- g ' O Golden rod, . T nt - , . 1 " man's law only binds together until death' doth us part." Adam, Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, Solomon, David, Sarah, Hannah, Ruth, Eliza beth "and all those ancient saints of God entered . into the everlasting covenant of marriage and --God blessed them..and their increase was with- .outWlT!lH()"w;necessary then that the young brethren, and sisters who enter into this cove-neof marriage should be true . and faithful each 'to other, never sneak apainstnrulenv. the ...... order that God ha3 instituted, or make light of the higher law that will lead them into the Take this maxim home to your heart, Tf-gropi- T that is to bind on earth and in ncaven. uou uoes not put tuis scat , anu 'sanction to any other law that man may make, Hearth. "GOD HATH HIS PLAN FOR EVERY : MAN." M. ITewlings. 1 to marry, -- News, 1 "hajTvenina servlutsl he power and authority Thorxe. - .. The 1 ll -- No. 11. 1, 1889. : and were exceedingly glad and desired" that others, who had not heard should have, the opportunity of hearing the same inspired . ings.- .... . - On the following through.the village :and the town like fire that two strange ; ... day the news spread wild- had made's'uch a sensation and created so much enthusiasm amonf tne staid and quiet people,, that several of the members of the Cougrega- - 