1. i V WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 124 Woman EMMEL Published A H YDAA J P. XT EBr I VJiLLS t: yitor. y. . - to: Salt Lake City Utah. Entered at the Post. Office in Salt Second Class Matter. Salt Lake City, lake City , Utah, at - January 15, 1889. PASSING EVENTS. if y--"nd 4 nd,v, wcH44-uiu:iuuuwi- u. d por--Jio- , " '.T 'T "5 - '. - ....... , . r , fel-lowsa- , There are "many interesting things transpiring at the present timethat'-ar-e worthy of record in the history of this people, and yet the Latter-da- y bamts are,mostoi tnem, moreor iess inam.erent in. regard to the importance of the scenes and events that are actually taking place among them day by day, in fulfillment of the prophecies of Scripture and of the servantsof the Lord in modern times. I t is so natural men and women who have lived and labored in the ages gcme by7 and of whom history has re corded only their most sublime acts, but the real, actual present is perhaps more prescient with telling and significant realities, ; and those . of greater magnitude than any other age of l He world has ever been. It is the day and time to which all the greatest men, seers and revelators looked forward to and desired to see, "the dis: pensation of the fulness of times," that glorious that Jiave. fverbeen day when will "be welded together;" the keys of former,. dispensations have been restored again, the turn ing of the hearts of the fathers to the children and the children to the fathers has begun, and those who live in this day are made partakers of ; these wonderful blessings, and without appreciat ing their value. 'That there is a grand purpose in what is deemed of little consequence, except as it affects the Saints pecuniarily there is no reason to jdoubt, and as for the riches of this world, it is not to be considered in comparison-t- o the- - greater- blessings the Lord has bestowed upon His people. Certainly it is necessary to have sufficient material wealth to build up Zion, but that will come in the due time of the Lord, even if the government takes away all the public property, that has been accumulated since the settling of these valleys. That it has been honestly earned and sacredly given to build Temples and to beautify and adorn ' h It rje t'as hasridiiiii Zionfthattl; tjac '' J!1T J' ueen ages ago precuciea, is- veriiy true oe- yond "contradiction. .yeUthede&igusojLUiei Almighty cannot be frustrated, and" the Lord's work will roll on triumphantly, and no power on earth can stay its course, and those who persecute the Saints are fulfilling the Scriptures, Jhough they know it not. The Church cases now pending before the -- tb-da- 11 In Salt Lake City, Utah Terms: months" $1.00., Ten one copy one year, $2.00; one copy-si' ODiea for the price of nine. Ad vertlsing rates: " Each square, ten lines of nonpareil A- - liberal discount . mace, one time, 2.50; per monthyf 3.00. - to regular advertisers Exponent office, No 25 E., South Temple Streetsecond gate east of Deseret News OMeeTusinesrhours frou10a.in : . 9? PmVn IS? JY; except Sunday I Address alH)usirieia' communications, PUBLISHER7 WOMAN'S EXPONENT; semi-monthl- certainly did look not only radiant in their bridal: attire, but the picture of ineffable happiness. " ' The elegant parlors were filled with ladies and among the higher ruJe than any known, y children of men. A glimpse of divine light gentlemen,, whoj after offering their congratula, w i t h- -t h e spiritual-ey- e :s e trroc ca s i on a wishes, were seen talking-- , in . tions and good discernment, has proved how vast and incompregroups here and there, and all seem i nglynjby Ing" hensible are the plans' of the great Creator of t he tht happy moments as they flew. The dining hall was fitted up like a tropica Hxwer, and beautifully universe. His ways v,re indeed past findirg out, and He turns and overturns a; His good-wi- ll and lighted with' cbandeliersrandJ'the glitter' of silver and the tempting1 viands pleasure. "He has laid down certain rules' for men aiid exquisiTtr-eWrT- a cannot be described in words, but one migh t with tC.w. wS ;u f a knowledge Ot the Gospelf-anhas"p,romised all propriety say, n those who comply with these requirements a "And the tables they groaned with the weight of the feast , T "V , of I lis Spir it whTchsBiir Bring thingsT'to '"rt'rsor "Inaa tne yet laugnter ana merriment ceasea." their remembrance'it is the spirit of prophecy The party was a happy affair and a genuine and reveals future events." Therefore, those who are in possession of the Spirit of God are likely, success, but the mother just about to part with her not only" to know more of what is transpiring "daughters from their childhjjodV home wore a very sober face. Mr. and Mrs. Farl5we bade around them, but- - to know concerning future events and to be prepared therefor; and, the adieu to the family and guests about nine p.m. and satisfaction that such true knowledge must bring departed for the West on their bridal tour, Guests with it, cannot be conpared to the wisdom of the were coming and goings until a late- hour, and it was midnight ere the entertarnment wasover. wise in the learning of the world. This was the The Exponent tenders its most sincere conspirit- that made Joseph great above his to Mr. the same spirit that caused, Joseph the gratulations to Mr. and Mrs,- - CarHsle-an-d Mrs. on Farlowe and the occasion of their mar Prophet in this day and age' to warn med to reand wishes for them, pentance andj;eek unto the Lord, and gave him a riage, "The path of peace and holy love; knowledge of what was to come to pass upon this -land. And some of the things he prophesied of May life continued joys renew; have already taken place, and others are near at M"y hope not too deceptive prove; May sweet contentment round them throw hand, nearer, it may be, than many even of the Latter-da- y , Such bliss as may be found below " Saints are aware of. scientific laws known to the world of mankind, the great problems ttnft are being worked out by a nd ' . -- ! , -- ; -- - - t- -- " ' - "''-- - . . . :Supreme-Court3Tlbe:yniteoyiStat- es7t much pertaining to rights of property, liberty and involved, are ' of greater moment privileges than one is likely to think, unless viewing the matter by the light of inspiration. The truth is those who live in this era of the world's history when so much is being accomplished-i- n so short a space of time, look at things with a natural eye, do not perceive that God is in it all, and are not therefore prepared to acknowledge His band in all that is coming to pass, but seek to solve by js ' .... IN MEMORIAM7 RECEPTION AT DEVEREUX HOUSE. "But happy they, the happiest of their kind, CLARA D. YOUNG. Whom gentle stars unite, and in ene fate Their hearts, their fortunes, and their beings blend." "Weep not that her trials are over, weep not that her race is run; What the world to them its "Its pomp, pleasure, and its nonsense all. Who in each other clasp whatever fair, High fancy forms, and lavish hearts can wish?'' is - On AVednesday " - : ' - God grant we may rest as calmly when our work like hers is done ! Till then we would yield" with gladness bur treasures to Him to keep, ' And rejoice in "the! sweet" assurance, He : giveth His loved ones sleep.'' . evening, January gtt, 1889, a wedding reception was given at the Devereux It is seldom that one passes to her rest about House in this city, the occasion being the marriage whom such a peacefulness lingered, and such a of two pf the daughters of Mrs. William Jennings. sweet; resignation overshadowed, as the sister Miss Emma.L. Jennings and Hon. J. E. Carlisle whose death we now with loving remembrance of Logan, Editor of the Ulah Jaumal of that record. We knew her in her youth, when all the in were married on the third inst , charms of early budding womanhood were just place, Logan and Miss Maye C.Jennings and Mr. J. B. Farlowe, springing into life, and fiom that time onward saw of this city, were married the evening of the re her frequently, and was. associated with her in Devereux. at House. ception, Judge Sanford per- - many ot tne scenes ana events that nave transpired farmed thexeremony at 6:30' p.m. The recepuon Lin the history of the women of this people. given m honor ot the two youDg ladies was a Although, as others have w ritten before me, she affair. The beautiful and spacious magnificent was of a reticent and retiring disposition, yet the were grounds brilliantly lighted, indicating the circumstances of her lifebrought her into public, and joy festivity within, and the house itself was notice. The very fact of her.haviDg married with ablaze and fairly beauty. A band of Brigham Young, certainly one of the greatest light music. was constantly playing in the upper hall, men of his time, and who made such" a mark in which added much to the enchantment of the en- the world that all those connected with him are, te rtainmetitr"-- r more or less, partakers of .his fame, when her Hundreds of guests were' present, all anxious early girlhood, and her being ene of the three to pay their respects to the hostess and to con pioneer women who crossed the plains in '47, the wedded brides and bride newly gratulate any road had been marked out, or spot desighouse was,, decorated artistically grooms, the nated as a place ot resTTfor the weary .pilgrims, with fresh flowers and vines from their own con these two events in her life history have immorthe and fresh blown servatory, roses and the talized her name, without any desire for fame or oiossoms made the orange atmosphere of the celebrity on her own part. A great writer and rooms fragrantwithnheir sweet perfunie,T)esTdes pcet once said, "Seme people aspire to greatness to the adding greatly delight of the guests. and some have it thrust upon them," and with the presents were far too numerous to be Sister Clara it was certainly unsought, but who and we must therefore only shall say it was not her destiny, marked out bementioned, separately .t . say rney were sumciently beautiful to satisfy the' forehand? Assuredly not of this simmost , capricious young lady, and evidently the! ple tribute to her memory.. That she bore her brides had many friends anxious to ex honors gracefully and without any affectation, all love their and press at this auspicious appreciation she shrank from her friends realize': and also that.... : ' v time. anv mention of her name or anv nublic demonstra dresses of the two brides were in "exquisite.-tion of resnect- even' urjon occasion when it was taste and very becoming, although it is sometimes" positively a favor to the people for her to accept a said brides always look sweet,et we are pre- - place of honor. J' ' pared o testifyjrs. Carlisle and Mrs: Farlowe Her home-lif- e was beautiful under all conditions ; . . . -- " : ; be-fo- re . -- . the-writ- er new-mad- e . ' te . " L i J f - 