71 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. of Jesus; the Lord will seek after them if we -i- Z . do our duty in this itapv," Conference wa3 adjourned to 2 p. m. SingBenediction ing, "The time is far spent&c" by Mrs. B;W. SmItKr " "T " 7 Afternoon session:- Counselor H. M. Whitney presiding. President Zina D. H. Young on the stand. Singing ''Our God we raise to Thee." Prayer by Mrs. B. W. Smith, Sing' ing "For tho strength of the hills we bless Thee," . Mrs. Whitn ey.addressed the meeting, i "We are working for the future, and we are seeing the fulfillment of the words of the prophets; the power of evil is increasing; lei us have a true testimony for ourselves" that we know this work is of God." v Pres. Z. D. H. Young, "we are blest in coming together that our spirits may be clothed with the robes of righteousness. 1 have been to Logan Temple, it is precious to me to set niyfo'ot in that sacred spot, those who have the privilege of going there are blessed indeed, Our children are ours forever, throughout all eternity if we are faithful, we have to be tried and proven, and we will come to that spot, where we will say "Father it is me and He will give r us grace when we trust in Him." . Mrs. S. M. Kimball, "I am much interested in our reports I realize we are a growing people, our borders are enlarging." "In attending divine service while visiting in the East I noticed there were, many more women than men and very few children." She - - . then cave an interesting account of admin istering the fcacrament in sectarian Churches; - and also of the centennial celebration of the town where she was born, and where her family had settled in an early day; heard the. Rev. Talmage speak, he told the people nothing about' the plan of salvation. Sister Kimball also visited the Hill Cumorah saw the place where the records were given to the Prophet Joseph; she also went to the lemple lot in In dependence and saw a gentleman there, who told her "there would be a beautiful lemple erected there and then we would all come to the unity of the faith." Mrs. Ki Ii. Grant spoke a short time and referred to her reading the history of the Prophet Joseph, "his sayings are well worth our studying. Let us cultivate the spirit of charity, let us speak of each other's virtues and -- weaknesses; we coven not-t-he -- aBttosustain the anointed of the Lord. Let us see that we do this and speak evil of no one." Mrs. M. A. Hazqn, Pres. R. S. Brigh ton, Mrs, Martha B. Young, Mrs. M. A. Freeze, Mrs; Elizabeth Mc'Donald of Arizona,' Mrs. Har mon, Mrs. Brimley, Mrs. Sarah Gibson, Pres. R. S. Sugar House Ward, Mrs. M. A. Lambert Pres. R. S. 7th, Ward Salt Lake City, Mrs. Jaue Miller, Pres.. R. S. 20th, Ward Salt Lake City and Mrs. M. A. E. Watmough each made a few remarks full of faith and encouragement and bore strong testimony to the divinity of the Latter-dawork. The gifts of the Gospel rested upon some of the sisters in goodlyjie-- 1 y u, gree. Conference adjourned to December next. Singing. "Praise to the man &c." Benediction by Elder Theodore Curtis. ;', E. Howard, Secretary. " T. -- L. M. I. A. The Quarterly Conference of the Young1 Ladies' Associations :ofi Salt zLakeStakowas-helin the Salt Lake As3"embJy.alkiii .Ihis. city Friday Sept., 13, 1889. Mrs. Mary, A; Freeze presiding. Meeting opened by singing, '? We thank Thee 0 God for a prophet." Prayer by Miss Edith Sampson, continued singing ''I'll serve the Lord while I am young." General Report was read including twenty associations, showing them to be in a thriving condition. Pres. Freeze addressed the meeting felt that desecrate that holy day.'' "Let us work with a the young sisters had come with "prayerful ' will, bury our selfishness, pray earnestly for a for charity, faith spirits and if prompted by the Holy Ghost each foregiveuess of our sins and one would receive that which would do her the to standjirmin ourTeligion, thahej links jve most good. Counselor M. Y. Dougali of the form here inay last thmughout the ages"; of . ... . . General Presidency, of the Association urged eternity." Dr. Maggie C. Shipp, always believed that the young ladies to attend their meetings and to will be respected in all places', and. enpray for a testimony and it would be given them, explained how she had received one for treated the young women with all her power of herself, and entreated the young sisters to rise pursuasion to deport themselves as Saints no a&soci- m atter where they were or w i toJheiiJ'eetandsayra strength would be given them; referred to ated.. I bought ., we should be interested in her belief in the other world and the great'work every young lady in the City or Country and; to be done, exhorted the girls not to be ashamed try to do them good." "There is work enough of the Gospel but be faithful to our belief and forevery7uergetic -keep the commandments that have been given' Saint womau." . Advised those who had joined with the Young Counselor B. W. Smith, "we should avoid Men's association to have their Secretary keep even the appearance of evil and not suffer oura strict report of all the young ladies part in selves to be led astray by beautiful words, flat-- ; the Conjoint meetings. teriugthoughjthey may be.. 1 have been in 55 years and have never seen the time Counselor Mary P. Young spoke of the fear when she bad to speak, but always responded when I felt it would do to associate with the You young- - girls are laying a called upon, she testified that her heart and soul frivolous. work. Mentioned her foundation for future peace and happiness or were in the Latter-darecent visit to Jhe Logan Temple and how misery; rely upon God who can guide and happy she felt in her work there, exhorted the protect you in all places. The blessings in store faithful are beyond our comyoung people to be married in the Temple and for the good and ' begin life aright, never let their affections be go prehension." out - in the -- wrong direction, but pray to-Counselor Lillie Freeze, "Young girls when . ourallow never the guided by Holy Spirit, forming their character's should give serious selves to speak of the faults of our Itoved- - ones. thoughts as to, what a character should be, it Pres. Freeze "made a few remarks upon makes little difference what others think of us, into a before going solemnizing one's thoughts so -- long as God is pleased with us." Sister or not talk should we laugh Freeze then spoke in the gift of tongues and . .meeting, thought on our way toa meeting but should concentrate Dr. M. C. Shipp gave the interpretation. the thoughts of our hearts upon sacred things. Counselor M. Y. Dougali said she felt so Sister Lillie Freeze said the sisters are very overcome in hearing the gift of tongues exer1 practical in their teaching, speaking of home cised that she could scarcely control her feeland the training of children; thought each one ings. Felt that Satan Tiad all his power censhould have a testimony for herself and not tered here in Zion and we should guard against rely upon any other, "if we have faith we will it. We should keep our children around us be willing to make any sacrifice required of us; and watch over thein. Our sons as well as we should lay a good foundation for our cniid our daughters; win their confidence and affecladies ren;" warned the young against, seeking tion,' thar they "and all of u3;may make our one to learn of the lives as a but means prayerful any perfect "as possible. . ' etc future, Pr93. Mary A. Freeze thought the testidenounced the Sister Lula Greene Richards monies received today should etrengtherrouf' been to alluded had evil literature that before, faith and make U3 better able to face the duties thought we should gain the confidence of bur of life. She desired the Associations to report s and urge and stimulate the brothers' at home and watch over the young boys, and talk to them; spoke upon the Word young ladies to read good books. r of Wjsfomaud the good advice Conference adjourned for three months. to how "Father eives us and necessary it is Singing, Doxology. -- Prayer - by Clara S. v Carlisle. strictly observe counsel. . -- - . y . , th-who- -- -- m ' - : . the,-Chur- i ch . y . -- ' " . . home-reading- our-Heaven- ly Sister Jane Freeze spoke of the timidity the sisters felt when rising to speak, but advised them to keep on trying and the Lord would help them, thought that by speaking in their own meetings they would gain courage. Pres. Freeze then requested all the young ladies to become missionaries in the several wards to impart the good instructions we had - . received today to others. Conference adjourned until 2 o'clock p. m. Singing, "Come let us anew &c," prayer by bister-ibara- h Mitchell. Afternoon; session: Opened by singin g, it Joy to the world &c," prayer by Mrs. Maria Holt, after singing again the officers of the Stake were presented and sustained a3 follows: Mary. A. Freeze, President, Nellie Colebrook, Mary P. Young, Counselors, Dr. Maggie C Shipp, Edith Sampson, Maria Holt, Clara S. Carlisle "and Jane Freeze Assistants. Lizzie Smith, Secretary, Minnie H. James Assistant Secretary, Lizzie Greene, Rec. Secretary, Ella ... DallavCtor ' Lizzie Sjsiitii, Secretary. W. S. A. MILLARD CO. The regular quarterly meeting of the W. S. A. of Millard Co., was held at Fillmore Aug., : 24. - Mrs. M. A. Y. Greehhalgh presiding. The meeting was fairly well attended, there being of the "sterner sex" present. by Thos. Gates Esq. Prayer Minu teoiJasLmeetiilg read, aniL: iolLcal led. The quarterly report of work done was laid beThe president stated what fore the meeting were thejdutiesjsrtaining to each office, and the need there was, that all should work in unity, and harmony. T.C.Cal lister, J. A. Melville, George Crane, Thos. Gates and C. Anderson severally ad- i dressed the meeting, all speaking n favor of quite a few was offered - -- woman'sjjgbj all paid; their tribute tor womanVeapabilities i;.:, and capacity Treasu rer. .;,t Counselpr Nellie Colebrook addressed the fill many offices hitherto held exclusively by meeting, spoke of her long absence from the men, and pointing to the. mark she had made meetings, it seemed as though she had been in literature, science and art as a proof of what asleep; thought we appreciated our friends .women could do,in other positions, if they were when separated from them; during her absence educated up to the standard J of men, their had noticed how few keep the Sabbath day mental capacity being fully equal to that of holy. Urged the young ladies to consider the. their brothers. The speakers made some very importance of this and resist the temptation to humorous and pithy remarks about women in ;,,'-:;;,;- -- 