t t WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 132 the Convention, as it is: a strong point gained when men ,of national ".reputation come, forward y on the platform of V-- Oman's, con ve n tion ;and speak favorably arid forcibly upon thejubject of Editht EMMELIMl B. WELLS. ' ."" woman's enfranchisement. "" We shall make some extractsfrom the speech Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Terms: of Senator Blair in our next issue of the pape?, one copy one yen r, 52.00; one copy six mouths, SI.00. Ten ' oolei" for the price of nine. and shall publish in full the address of the Utah rates: lines Ea:h ten of f4na;rV Advertising ""nonpareil and he took him by the shoulder and pushed him Delegate, Mrs. Emily S. Richards, who spoke -ipiceiejlmejl. Women of Utah otittjftherdoorrMeirTreTeo to regular advertiser?; .. , ted to hear women speak. Finally it went on and was very favorably received and several office, Ndl 25 E., South Temple Street,seeond until they were invited to another session; and times greeted with warm applause. gate eat of J)eseret News Office. Business hours from 10 a.m . to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday then it Was found that a few men had stolen in, " One of the best results of the Convention has "'"Address all business' communicaUofirio""- '- .T! and these men went off and told of everything been the pFobable unItTngof the two great wings PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, that happened as some men do about Women of woman suffrage into one body, viz., the National ' Salt Lake City Utah. and the matter became talked about and 'got into W. S. A. and the American W. S. A. both of " the newspapers,and there was reprobation." them striving forthe same end the.enfranchise-men- t Entered at the TiM Office in Salt Lake City, Utah, cut of all women, but holding apart on account "Finally, it went so broadly, on that a church ; Second- CXast. Matter,---could not be ibund in one neighborhood large of some seemingly rather immaterial differences enough, and they held a great mixed meeting of in methods of proceedure and other unimportant Salt Lake City, February i, 1889. nearly a thousand people in a barn, , and - a mattersthat might, one. would think, be easily harmonized. reverend gentleman opened it witt prayer. Then he deliberately went out, saying that he would as We heartily rejoice in this proposed consumma- - ' ANNUAL WASHINGTON CONVENTION. soon be caught fobbing a tion, believing it will be for the best and most remaining to hear a woman make a --speech. And he was a permanent good of al jvomen, and of thentire Annual Convention of the The TweToTy-firclergyman! And the wonder is that the world is nation, and that this union will strengthen the National Woman Suffrage Association convened infidel! Great God! was lie afraid that she was cause and hasten the day when woman everyin theCongregatioriatChurch , Washington,D. C, where throughout this goodly land will attain going to unsex herself right there in the bam? .on Mondayjanuary 21st, at'ioa.m., Miss Susan Bm Ladies, if there is anything that is more abhojent political, social and religious freedom guaranteed -Anthony in the Chair. After some "appropriate and obscene, and more;, obscenely abhorent to me as much to her as to ner brother man. opening remarks by the venerable Chairman, on than any other form of speech I ever heard, it is "The name of the united society willbe the the anniversary and so on, she introduced the mat woman couia unsex nerseii. Did you ever National Amercian W. S. A.," neither AssociaHon. A. G. Riddle, another veteran worker in I man,S"UnsexingIiimself?-(laughter- )r tion being willing to give up its own name, t h e cau se o f th e e nfranchisement of w omen . H is Jiearf saw one-o- f them - here the otberafternoon or decisiotrarrivedar; by'the Committee ; speech was full of good logic and withal aboundwas to unite the two old names. The new con- evening standing by a mild punchlbowl I am ing in humor, and it isto be regretted we have glad to think that the stitution whicfr"hasbeen proposed provides that punch was very mild and not space to reproduce it in full, buj?we give here two ladies the Association vote as a' delegate body, instead were; feeding hinawith a spoon young some extracts, which we consider exceedingly in(continued laughter). He was a dude. He would of as a mass meeting. Men and women will be teresting, and which are out of the usual routine of be a young lady if he could, and.as he cannot, Je admitted on equal terms, and both will be equally the speeches generally made on the subject. does all he can to show to the world that he is not ;.. 'tV'." eligible to office. ' "You remember, you have heard, it may be, of a man. The Boston Woman's Journal says: "The u -- the G rimkef sisters v ? h ate hot "I f you gb Godtamped setrlbt alone' union may now be regarded as almost a settled down the street to a bookstore in this city and ask upon the woman's figure. Her heart, her soul, thing. Its formal completion is in all probability for Mrs. Birney's Life of Sarah and Angelina her intellect everything that pertains to her is only a question of a few weeks." will of her sex. Whether for good or for ill, whatever Grimke, you get one of the best books, I to your It is one of the best bits of Amerishe does, she does as a woman. jWas there ever BIRTHDAY PARTY. can biography that has, been given to the public an instance in the world where woman has been in these later years. You will see the beautiful enlightened, has been taken alpng any line or On Thursday, January 31st, at 3 p.m., a party lives of Sarah and Angelina Grimke, born on the channel of improvement, that she has not become of 'ladies assembled, by invitation, at the one side of Hugenot parentage, in South Carolina more womanly? Whatever she does do, supposof - Mrs. M. Y. Dougal!,.to celebrate the and on of ancestors who served in the ing she does the things that a man does, she does birthday p( Sister Zina D. H. Young, who, on old revolutionary war rich do them not as a man but she them does as that day, reached the 68th anniversary of her does, wealthj They belonged to the order of Friends ; but a woman does them; and she could do them in no birth. The party had been arranged beforehand Sarah gre w weary and sick of the home customs, other: way good, pious, Doctor Dix to the con by Mrs. Dougall and Mrs. Beattie, two of the -and escaped from trary notwithstanding, daughters of the late Brigham Young, and to and Angelina followed her. The Friends have "But I was dealing with these Grimke sisters, whom Sister Young has been a mother in very always permitted women to speak, at least in their and I might as well follow that- subject a little deed; their own mother, Mrs. Clarissa R. Young, meetings they 3o not call it a church though. further. Do you know that they were questioned having died while they wrere children. Mrs. did off cut afterwards not the Grimke the besisters they only by outside, jeering world whom Dougali's elegant parlors were thrown open and cause they spoke to mixed audiences mainly, everybody wants to even their were well filled with guests, the invited friends they said, because Angelina married Thomas own friends began to question them; and' Sarah, of Mrs. Young, in whose honor and Wells. VVeli, they didn't both marry him but in response to the criticisms, began to assert the Jhis goodly cqmpany had been calleoLtogether. iheyjvere bothuxut off. Angeliila was much the right 6f"woman to! Congratulations jvere in order and the conversayounger. They were the first to give the call for where Woman's Right was born. Their right to , tion until about 5 p.m., when a delicthe emancipation of the slave. They became the speak: was questioned; their right even to speak ious lunch was served in" dainty style, by young first connected with the abolitionist societies; and to women ; and boldly their right to address mixed ladies, whose' charming appearance gave zest ancL mark, it. was proposed, curiously enough, that audiences was challenged, and Sarah replied v. the tone to collation. sumptuous women were to be enlisted in the emancipation of fearlessly. Ah, she was a born reformer. When When all had partaken of the bounties prepared he slave from physical bondage the victim of God get ready to do a thing, or to have it done, for their delectation Mrs. Dougall, the hostess, the auction Mock andjfhejwhipping past. : But no there is always somebody somewhere to do it; proposed that the party resolve itself into, a matter about that, although it stirs iriy rather and it is usually; the most, unexpected person in meeting, and Mrs. M. I. Home, was unanimously elderly blood to think of it. Women were to be the world It usually comes from the most :: d to preside. appointed imerestedrihev-wej- e of the world. The Messiahs have quarter The meeting opened by singing the favorite were permitted to pray. all come that way and they have all beenrejected, hymn "O My Father," etc., Prayer was offered s "Ultimately it was supposed women every one of them; and those that have been reSister M. A. Freeze. Sister Home. made a might be;ehlightened by their fellow womenand ceived you may rest assured they do pot come of by few opening remarks, appropriate to such a the call was made for the "parlor meetings," and God. The genuine Messiahs have all . come gathering and such an occasion, and congratulated Sarah and Angelina conducted them. Angelina7 stamped with suffering and " martyrdom." Sister Zina in having so successfully labored in was a born orator. She was o the Mr. Riddle's speech throughout was full of the interests of Zion and so forth. Sister Sarah preaching thexTnet-i- n Sarah and witticisms, nuking a in the same pleasing variety, and there M. Kimball and other talked to the women, and it got talked Angelina were many others equally logical, but not so or a similar strain, arid Sister Zina responded in about outside. Sarah was less gifted m in fun. The suffrage ladies were speech, abounding grateful acknowledgement of the honor tendered but, if anything, more fiery in temperament' highly favored in having Senator Blair address her and gave some items of experience and ex- - Then a Baptist clergyman proposed to give them Jthesession room of his. church. It was larger meetthan a parlor, and they held an ing to be addressed by the Grimke sisters. Thehminister kindly condescended to open it witprayer. Then he started down the aisle and" found an intermeddling abolitionist sitting back where he could hear some little of the drippings, WOMAN'SlEXEONBNT. w anti-slaver- semi-monthl- . . 4 . ; ' . - hen-'roosta- si st . there-foreth- e" ' . de--cla- re -- resi-denc- the-oth- er slave-holder- s. -- r -- - be-jeer- ed by,-bu- t co-labore- rs w'as-gener- . ! unex-pecte- that-piou- -- Pente-cmtr-S- the-paflorsa- nd ladies-followe- . d e. 