WOMAN'S we would knit sow and vuilt in the days of Ma Smoot and Sister Sharp. How many of ro dear friends have we taken from there to the Silent City it seems to me I could fill a book of the pleasant .times we have had in that old School house, it will ' ' never seem old to us. - We never asked our "Liberal" friends to. help "build it,we-bu- ilt by donationandh I rarr-verwell remember the gentleman that was heaping1 abuse - upon it last night teaching school there for his living but1 1 ' can assure him it has been ery much i m'proved since "that time, and recent donations have made it very comfortable for many "purposes; l ea a assure them last nights talk won't help their .cause in this ward, for many of the young people were not in the habit of listening to such talk, besides hearing their parents Maligna I don't think many will follow. them: as for free s'chools we will leave that to the future. , The rains and Mr. Webbs cold wave Aye will be thankfull for when the Lord sends them, we are n his hands and will "abide his time, we came here have worked hard, to make our homes and build our School houses through the blessings of our Father in heaven we have done it, many of us walked Ealf the journey from Florence to- Salt babes and if the Lord Lake City, and carried-ou- r permits us to live, we intend to stay, and if our trees die we will plant more, i nejiqwn iroaaen women of Utah have learned to do all kinds of work, let I tire you I will call myself one of Bro. '. . Naisbitts. . " Mothers. Old Fashioned - . ' y-y , to-nig- Xbelieeincerelythatthose-whomyouhave- "A CENTURY, -- - .t j- K'M v ' ff uwvn ntib tut uiduy - y cat s permanent residents of the 14th ward in this City Sister Church was a member and active worker in the Relief Society in an early day and was an intimate friend of Sister Phebe Woodruff nd Ma Smoot. Sister Church was also art intimate . . iriena or our ueiovea "bister .Lljza." me urenerai conterence in Uctober iS6i - r -- "N -- 4 a a a 1 South-ern.Uta- h, Vaj-doSt- e to-nigh- t, ; ; , , " ? . - 1 . Yous loving friend, " " ' ' Ellis R. Snirr, not only in speeches and gifts and songs but in The Eponenr he most offers most fervent -- congratulations -- wishing the genial and intellectual Dr. long life, and prosperity ' peace and happiness. delicious-refreshmen- friend upon another anniversary of her birthday this one of unusual interest having completed seven, times seven and a Jubilee, as we behold her radiant and blooming face, one is led to believe that Old Father time has shown partiality and claimed her as one of his especial pets. When His hand has rested upon your brow and ts. - : IN MEMORI AM. Died July 28th. at her residence in St. George -- . M:?!16 Kriev The birthday party was a perfect success, T arlse to congratulate my very, dear silver, each stroke has seemed a tender caress. -' ... It is with feelings, of sincere gratitude and Oressexitas Jiotto : '' invaded on Thursday evening August 8th by a company of brethren and sisters, .during the absence of the Dr.' Romania B. Pratt who had been s ent away to bunt up an unkno wn pati e n t. The nurses and help were in the secret and had dec orated the rooms With flowere and vines and mad-eall needful preparations--. A very artistic cake in pyramids and ornamentedjike a bride's cake was on the table the work of her daughter in law Mrs. P. P. Pratt. When the- - Dr. rrived she was very much surprised to find her friends seated and chatting away merrily.. . She was warmly greeted and congratulated on having reached the half century so active buoyant fresh, and blooming a matrons Speeches were made, songs sung and everything passed off joyously. Several of those who spoke alluded to her as being the pioneer woman in the profession in Utah, having been the first lady graduate here, and stimulating others to follow her noble example. Dr. Pratt has made herself a name and won laurels in her profession by her own individual exertions and undaunted heroism in the study of medicine and surgery. Dr. E. S. Barney read an address "replete with funny things and yet prophetic of the future.- The ad. dress written and read by'Mrs. Lillie Freezs in a clear voice and most happy manner expressed the sentiments of those who had assembled in honor of the anniversary, Mrs. Freeze in behalf of a few of Dr. Pratt's frienpresented her with" a" veFy large photograph album. pleasufTtat arrived auout me year 1045 not long oeiore tne exodus from that place. They were among the foremost of the company when the Saints moved west. When the call of the United States govern ment for the "Mormons", to furnish five hundred men to assist in the war with Mexico, Bro. Church was among the numbelTto enlist, leaving his wife with her first babe to make her way as best she could to the Valley of Salt Lake, where she- - . -- ' " Bro. Church and his family were called to. and taking up their line of march again -ina wagon theyiveremongthFry fTrsf to setW on .the present site of St. Geort'ev and Sistpr Church has resided there ever since up to the time of her demise. She was a most exemDlarv dili- , a Latter-Day Saint. In the first gent and faithful . George she was First Counselor in the Relief Society to the President, Sister Hannah E. Crosby and theywer'e daily associated in their Respectfully inscribed to Dr. Romania D. Pratt on her labors of love among the people of the ward and 50th anniversary.. were like two sisters in very deed. Sister Crosby was in Salt LakeCity at the time of the decease Tis not by years, and years alone of her dear friend and Counselor. iThat-.vvshould count times restless flight. In addition to Sister Church's labors in ner For now, though fifty years have flown home, attending to household duties, she has We see our friend so young been a rejrularworker in the St. George Temnle Life's cares and pains that come to all the from first of its opening, and was a great And leave stern marks, upon the b row, ana to comtort all who were favored with Diessing Are not here found, no darkening pall ' Tier administration. Sister Church was also a Enshrouding her with sad'ning woe, nurse among the sistersjtnd will be greatly missed ce has left behind by them in times of trial and sorrow. She was Its rare and radiant traces, called for by night and by day to go here and Enriching heart, and soul, and mind, there where her help was needed, and never failed Thus adding loveliest graces, ' to respond if it was possible for her to go. -Of sweetest sympathy and love, She was always cheerful, full of faith and her Of wisdom, and humility, energy of character was remarkable. She posReliance on our God above sessed those hospitable, and benevolent traits of In faith, with hope and charity. character so conspicuous in the Southern people, Her powers too of usefulness in an eminent degree, was always self denying Have been enhanced by patient toil. T "rrrr-forgo"her own troubles in ministerincr to She finds in truth the blessedness others. Her memory will ever be preserved fresh Of pouring on the waters oil1'' ... and green in .the hearts of the people among Securing peace, relieving pain; whom she lived and labored so faithfully in the And making many hearts rejoice. Latter-da- y work. All honor to her noble woman Imparling hope and faith, again hood. A faithful and devoted wife, a wise, tender With music in her soothing voice. aii jaiiciojs mother. "Her children," will asThen may her usefulness extend suredly "rise up and call her blessed." And all Throughout all time, Life has no close! Israel will praise her name and hold it in honor; For her our fervent prayers ascend ' V able remembrance. As full of incense, as the rose She leaves one daughter and four sons one of Is full of fragrance sweet and rare. each them now on a mission to the Southern States, And may year in onward flight and iwenty-eigh- t Increasing blessings to her spare! grand children who will mourn ' And as the morning, make the night. her loss deeply, v It is said by some of her friends The reception room at the Deseret Hospital was " - ht admitted, to: the inner temple of your lifethose who know you best, love you most. - As a memento of this delightful occasion I take pleasure in presenting to you, in behalf of the company this album. Representing as it does a' mirror in which you may, behold the faces of your friends, and. we trust that you may enjoy; many a silent visit- - with them when life's duties have turned our footsteps into varied paths. And we also entertain the hope that the memory of the friendship that has prompted us to make this simple offering, may be' as a broken fountain of perfume shedding its fragrance adown the stream of life until jt merges into the great sea of Eternity, in the Celestial kingdom of our Father, where we may meet again and renew and perfect our associa tions begun on earth, - August 3rd 1889. - of-Jesu- - ; HALF the 4th'of May, 1S24 in Dallas Co. Alabama. She was baptized and confirmed in the Church s Christ of Latter Day Saints by Elder John Brown. She was subsequently married to Haden W-.Churrh in her nntivp Stnfp. Shp anrt hpr hiishnnrl shortly alter proceeded to Nauvoo, where they but Jospehine had achieved, the greater success for she could join hearts; the presence of so many to appreciative' friends assembled here Honor your Jubilee "proves that you hav learned the art known to the charming. Empress . of France. - 7; 45 But there is a change an utter change that comes upon the heart. In you we recognize many gifts and graces that .glorify the character of woman . We admi re your talent spw e h on oryo urn n d au n t e d cimrage a nd perseverance'in toilingalone up. the rugged hill of scienceopening the path to a higher and broader fie Id" 0 f "TlseTuln Te ssTJor 'ouTeYTVeaypTeci at e your womanly virtues and we love you as a friend. It was said of Napoleon that he could win battles , 7 EXPONENT. UtaVMrs.Saa.hA Haden W. Church. Sister Church was born on , r'y,tlts im- prisoned for his fidelity to principle, that she never -afterwards recovered herself, and it is thought been the primal cause of the illness of which she died. There have been many "such martyrs, mothers and wives since the crusade" be gan against this people, and their names are no doubt inscribed on the martyr's roll. Sister Church has gone to .meet her husband, Sisters Woodruff,Smodf, Sister Eliza, the Prophet Joseph, and many others, her death was no doubt a glorious victory to her, and her une comwavering faitiuand mandments of God will secure to her the promise to-ha- ve 