WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 190 - jj0" jaws of a land arc the best indices of the people's acquirements, and are throughout 7politiearisrcoirver$i& relative to politics and government, as - well as folly, and desire for frivolities. She must defeat the enticements of pleasure.- the flatteries and censures of men. It is a shame, even a crim e u nder divine laws for . a , woman to lace nerselt into clothmar." which makea a consnmu. of importance. There are many all history,'the standard by which we judgeof national advancement in civilization positions in public life to' which women are We have but little reason to bo School teaching and the admirably adapted. ashamed of our judicical standard, today, for trainjng of the young Is a legitimatefleldJbr The most impartial minds admit that our legal, women to.occupy. And for which women are more ueiug vi uer ousprmg. -- 11 13 ioiiy ior puaiuai a woman who has leisure, to spend' her .hours practice is moiejust and reasonable in its .C" especially adapted. "of women, than that of any nation. Many other things were referred to by the anv time mentioned in historv. Thereismuc 'custom nf of-- thanks ;' speaker that were excelIent,A-VQt- e Lhowever femainingtfor great mindstordoTjand the instead of her world, mind with storinj? was given to all who assisted' in carrying out 1her useful- - knowledge, or instead of visiting the were - ior me masses to acceptoeiore euner maie or prograrama. The names of - new members meet--Jnfemalecitizens can be said sick, teaching the young, or assisting in the g perfect ; reabyJe secretary. . Glee by the choir; ; liow -- other-matt- ers and-mor- als. - deal-incrwit- t lf - 4onable-;old-hearted;caIl3afteT-t- he ; -- T free-donTflndlher- to-enj-oy eonalitv. aajotfrnedoroj cnapiajn Ellen -- P i ng r ee, S ecre ta ry , ever that-uey- er it Certain is support of herself and others. -- as have been bestowed by the judicial decisions - and- - &tat u te ,1 a ws o f o u r 1 an d ." SUFFRAGE-MEETING- r.--WOMAN 1 With the exception of the right to: vote and " hold, certain political offices," there are no rights ; continued given to unmarried men which unmarried woA well written address was then delivered men do not possess. But it is this right to vote that, we as women of Utah are now contenidiug-fo- r the elective fran- once ebioved. DR. MARTHA P. HUGHES. t Cf chise, and having had it taken: away from us To make men and women nobler, or purer, -- without causerwe are justified or more - intelligen f" is tlie o ujec t ofeverv0 which rightly belongs to that the nation regain and and social, worthy enterprise, political to us. That the privilege of voting, and the without such an aim, every undertaking should of politipal offices by women is going" fail. That such has been the endeavor of the holding to do all that' the zealous advocates of woman's earnest workers in the field we are now suffragejnow claim is doubtful in my mind, still in my mind; It is there are "no jusfifiabTe'ground,?I,on which remarked by one of our modern thinkers, should be withheld from them. "that it is not enough" to bs prompted by a and All men and women are'ere'ated-fre- o debe with zealous motive or a inspired good equal. AH are morally responsible for their sire for the welfare of men and women, for own wrongs. "The difference in their natures is "often" holies IFenthusia not a difference in value, but in the kind of fxnaticism have been the exponents of ruinous merit He has qualities which she has not, she schemes and fearful woes, neither is it sufficien t ho does not; they possesses traits to simply find the instruments for the work pf differ from each other and yet, in their worth combinathere be and must a reform, progress to the world, and to God, they are equal with -in- -- - - . investi--gati30eypnd-a-do- 7 ubt these-privilege- "and-geni- A 4 T "TSTffTrr?? 4 hathje s us trnin(. f n&a6 1 1TaT ivncTrr to genius and culture, a well disciplinedrind and a generous heart will look the Lion Omn- io?i in the eye and inovb oril lie will quail before herjand will assail her no more' ; May the day be hastened when. we- will not only have our rights, but also know them, and " ' ; : " knowing dare maintain. The next speaker called upon was the President of the Woman's Sufirarge;Associatioa .'" ... ofOgden, - - ' " MRS -- ' v'TTrv ": hTASFOR D ' She did not understand that the ladies of this organization claimed equal political positions with men. Thfv Aid nnf st fnr tha offices which men only were fitted to fill. They claimextthe rightfif voting the right taelect men who are to make the laws which both sexes are required to obev. Women defiired ha bnnnmht , tinrmnt rthat such men should . . ana iane contended that woman ought to he acquainted with political as" well as other affairs, aud that the world would be '" better for her knowledge of and participation in them. : : v 7: : - irum-iovin- ' -r--- o"- g. ; t , . tion of motive and work, a blending of - tellect and emotion, a strong desire with a firm liand a righteous purpose with competent skill to accompnsn any permanent goou, or to carry i to success "any needed reform." In the woman's suffrage movements of recent times there has been exhibited nearly every conceivable combination of motive and the success attending the labors of philanthropists who have been engaged in this work of reform has been in" many way 3. - equally vacillating, c nected,yet out. of the work of the last forty: years, those "interested in woman's advance- ' ment, can find much to encourage- - and repay has attained a posi them, and woman tion legal and social far above that she held half a century ago. I he women of have from obtained men their much; desired and much deserved liberty. In these times the standards of value have been readjusted, and whereas once physical force and reckless courage, were held in the highest and almost exc)u-eivesteem of mankind, now the jewels of wisdom, purity, culture, beauty, love and skill have a value, that outweigh and can purchase th at brute force once-- sy priceless Once Tto be 1 born a ieihale, was to become a plaything and in the best and most powerful a slave, circles, woman is the peer of. the noblest man. There was a time when women possessed none of the rights which they have and - to-da- y. to-da- y e to-da- y to-da- y, are showing them,marks with Its various graduations the advancement of civilization and Christianity The iegaMhlch culture, refinement and purity is measured by "tneir love 01 women. ,ihc grade ot a man s mind, and moral attainments, can be safely estimated by the' respect he shows his lady friends." To feel the value; of tru e womanhood, and to appreciate its delicacy, requires a nice and acute intellectual power; Brutes never feel it Barbarous or half civilized men never recognize it. . each other." ,: r Every Jiuman being of sound arid" matured HON. C. TV. PENROSE ; jiidgnieritholnd'be his or her own criminal conduct. Sex merely should not debar any person from public office or emolument if a constituency be found 7 his or her service. ,' "No privileged class either of sex, wealth, or descent should be allowed to arise or exist, all persons should have the legal right to be the equal of every other, if they ean." After women have attained equal rights in every respect before the 1a w, that men now enjoy, and it is only a matter of time when this will be the case, there will, doubtless .then be some drunken, bru tal husbands, some parsimonious and contemptible heads of families, fraud and " wrongdoing, aching heads and aching hearts, perhaps aa many as now, but the skirts of the law will be clean, and will no longer be to bear the blame: and woman will stand where she rightfully belongs, on an equal platform with man before the law. : "Nature, civilization. Christianity nnrl tk chivalry of the law, as it comes to us from Kninhts of English fen dal a 2es. all impress upon us, the moral and religious precept that women should have more rights before the law than men." But we simply ask for equal recognition, still I am forced to feel that many of the hardships that women endure desir-ious- bf ; -- com-nelle- d tw : was called upon and he explained that the :, vote and the right to hold office were rightto not identical. For many years the women of Utah exercised the former, but not the latter, lie was in favor of making no discrimination against woman on the statute books. There were offices which women might be able to fill with ability and profit to themselves and the public; there were others for which they were not adapted. The - good sense of the voters should determine this. There were- men who were , - not fitted for office, but this did not debar them from voting. He mentioned favorably a number, of the leading ladie3 in the National Wo man Suffrage movement, and said he believed they were inspired to work lor the elevation ot their sex; There was one mistake they made, and that was in demanding as a natural right that which had been decided to be but a political privilege. Citizenship aiid the suffrage were distinct and separate. Every person born in the United States is a citizen thereof. A wife, daughter or widow of a citizen, even ifof foreign birth, is a citizenrCitizeriship cornea by birth or naturalization; the right to vote is - ; cquferj herent right to vote as a man, but. it is not in either. The Legislature prescribes thd :quali- - ' fications of voters. If votiug was an inherent right,one would have a right to vote as soon as .boriu, The - legal qualifications for "voting arise more from differed, in different States- - and countries. ' disabilities before the law. Another mistake 'made bv soma ' Woman as much as man is the nmliifnnf ! women suffragists was i in "be- : vunvwyfc; er own fortunes. There are vet m n nV vooimo tue iiioneterman-iro- m whom they ex - bLsilence to h& m ade voea Vinany"scientific' to obtain the elective franchise. This truths to. be discoveredmany rts to be perwas not good policy, to say the least. A great fected which require the hands and the minds uuHiuuie m me way was the lact that most ot ' of woman.' She must feel her new responsibilthe women were either opposed Or indifierent ities." She must begin as nearly all to woman suffrage. The work before the asso- men great have begun, and give herself to the ciation was to spread information aiid convert of wisdom and skill, and her very acquisition their o wn sex. When the women of the United' opposition and difficulties will be gain. Woman must throw States unite to demand the elective franchise off her bondage to fashion, her submission to will it. He considered a mistake was they get 1 - : so-nalled- "- ."strong-minded'- -- -- : - " 