... - v i 1 1 v I WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 174 REFLECTIONS IN FASTDAY MEETING. especially those whose whole "TwFSisfers, souls 'are centered in the .'interests, and redemption of Zion; I am perfectly satisfied in my mind JhaTthere are many at the present time, that are like minded unto, myself, whose burden of their prayer is the redemption of Zion,4t-seem- s to be the theme and topic of our Tabernacle and Ward meetingSj.and it is a generally acknowledged belief, that, that event is not far distant. But it is very possible ihat even among the saints, there satismctojTjisJ 11)23. 'Brother D. John spoke of the noble miinn of woman, and the future happiness in store for ; the faithf u rF a ugh id tersf-Zionndnioservants, that hayelhe' leadership oQiisiChurch; and Kingdom, with such a measure of His spirit sequences resulting from evil associations, Presidhnt E.'S.: Taylor advised all to have that' they may be lectto see and realize the pride and vanity that exists in His Church, in the light -- pure thoughts, ; and desiers-6- " lead lives of that He sees it, and that they may be led.toilo as-is honor. Many had come among us" for what they call a refining purposeinstituting schooh spoken of in the word of God, to ne" of the of learning in our midst, and proving Ancient Prophets, namely, ''to lift up their they ' ax v I UltfcK k)i 10W1V ana lliv uui cis luiivn Tint shnw... , and voices, and cry aloud and spare ... . .J .Ipsna ., .1 mi 6 Israel Zion or lier mayfreome-towfrtransgressions, and His people ibir-sinsbecome I feel as ST3reaI llvT that iusT And a"; iney are seeking which emption may not is and enjoyable as thaternori.tn the professing Christians of praying daily as soon as WP ac nAniP nrp .rcpic enced as; lasting most our holy religion. Desired through for God's Kingdom to come, without ever once in the light of truth and the spirit of God enlight- s -: the question, do I un . seriously . j tmscivra on tne enmg: us, and turn round and do His will, and , lu" U walk.in-Hi- s derstand whatIam asking fpr,and am I doing my ?vu waysrwill that be; fin filled, spoken of Y7 r 7 -U1LUU uoa iv Deing their parttowards bringingjtabou iiVVeIl if this is the mjLQ2 Psalm and namely, Thon shalt - p mem e iu icuru 10 cnoosinf arise and have mercy upon Zion, for the time to ixyjji. yuuuracu situation' that-wmany of us are found in a companion; not allowing themselves to give it is high time that we were aroused out of our favor, her, yea, the set time is J:ome." So as I their affections know of God what until they that day shouldcome upon us,aS has been had suffered myself to be held back from testifywas right; andj:;ieIect:;'oue4hjdJea"dforetold, like a thief in the night ; therefore with ing of the light thatwas given unto me, I felt them on ward "and upwarTJ in God's, kingdom. a view to this end, and an eye single to the glory prompted to write the "feelings" of my mind, in Closed by bearing a j6rm testimony to the of God, (though I feel myself one of the least in hopes that it may do some good towards the up- " ., truth of the work. His Kingdom.) I feel ledas a matter of duty to building and rolling forth of the work of God;, An unusual portion of the Holy Spirit was write the reflections of my mind on this great and that the of His realizing quenching workings enjoyed during our conference, and the interest the of Satan more us over for redemption the important subject, namely ef the young people is increasing in the work spirit, gives power .'. ' r Zion. 7 . future. I would not have ventured to dare to take : ': of Improvement. It has for some time been the most attracting this upon me, feeling my littleness and insignifi Zina LYONs,President.. sound that met my ear, so , when. .the, opening- - cance in the Kingdom of God; but "was encour EvLYX Billings, Secretary. March offered the was at fastday meeting, prayer aged by remembering the instance found in' the in which forthe 1st chapter of 7th, 1889, "Andrew after hav UINTAH -- STAKE. , -time to be hastened when Zion should become a 1 hecomeremse-bflEe- Tfc he ing found the Saviour, andbelieving-th- at Society t)f -the Christ, was anxious after his brother power in the: midst of the earth, it caused many rethis Stake of Zion, convened in the Ash ly flections to arise Jn my mind. It seemed to Simon Peter, and it states, "he sought him and Ward meeting house, March. 3, .1889, President cleave iinto my mind with such force 4hat I could Sarah Pope presiding. Siuging "Come all ye brought him to Jesus," and in that act he took one not shake it off, and the more I looked into it, the that became the most mighty and valiant in His Saints that dwell on earth," prayer by Brother more real it seemed to be, that small as the chosen J. Hatch. Singing "Praise ye the Lord." service. So in hopes that in like manner, though wx fewof the members of God's Kingdom set tip in wis tuujc uui ui wcatiucs, li may ue. received Dy I Jicviuua uumcicuge were reau ana these last days appear to be, compared to the some of the same spirit and power as the Apostle approved. The reports of the d ifTerentoeie nations and kingdoms of - the whole earth, it is Peter, that it may be carried forth, to. the honor ties were then read. President Sarah Pope made a few opening nevertheless true, that Zion will yet become a and glory of God; and that we my dear sisters, remarks asked an interest in the faith and 7to'""c easenot ouTsupplicafionsAinto powerinthes midsts of ther earth jhenceT tie iy-"t)e"Tprayers of those present. Spoke of their visit question arose in my mind, but how long will it God our Eternal Father, and keep not silence be fore-Hitake J.o bring that about under present existing until He makes Zion a praise and a through'the Stake; saiithere were some tried with riches and some with poverty; spoke of circumstances? and especially with the spirit of power in the midst of the earth. the need of charity, for there are those among Your humble sister in the cause of truth, Babylon increasing so fast in our midst; for it I .1 IV J HQ tliof fin n lln li el r" seems as if instead of Zion purifying herself for me uest we couia, we would not oe perrectr that glorious time, the saints are daily manifest we should try and overcome eviLasjnucli as -ing an increased desire for the- - things of theworlcl Prayed the Lord to bless us through andlthe pleasures and vanities thereof, instead of R. L. M. 1. A. & P. A. REPORTS. possible. this conference. seeking after the things of the Kingdom of God. Sister A. K. Bartlette asked an interest in Such were the reflections of my mind, as UTAH STAKE. the faith aud prayers of the people; bore a testimony upon testimony was added, more or The conference of tne Y. L. M. faithful testimony to the truth of the Gospel. less bearing on that theme or subject, until a I. A., was held in the Provo meeting house, at Spoke on the resurrection of ur Savior and brother arose and spoke Tn tongues and I felt at 2 and 7 p.m., with President Zina Lvons Pre the mission placed on woman to perform. the commencement of his testimony, that there siding. The afternoon was occupied in reading Thought all should be very careful how they i vas a mighty power of the spirit of God in the the semi-annuof the nnH associations. report partake of the sacred emblem of the Lord's place, which seized my whole frame, and just as hearing reports from the "various wards show-- - Supper. cave thfi Pi'stnrg snms insfrntflna- uick as lightning, the ..veil was withdrawn from I ing the majority in-- ftourishin g con d i tionT to which all listened with intense interest. Territorai President Elmira S. TavW fplt my eyes, and as the tongue was acknowledged Brother ' J. Hatch made a few though uninterpreted, to be on the redemption of proud, of th-- progress made, and interest priate remarks which were listened to very :. . Just as:: soon as manifested in the association, and instructed-th- e attentively. Jion, A saw it right close at in situthe saints would wake up to a sense of their presidents regard to the programs. Conference adjourned until 2 p.ra; Singing Sister Annie K. Smoot, spoke of her earlv "Let those who would be Saints indeed," ation, as in the light and sight of God, and turn in the round and forsake the ways of the world, and do experience Church, and the' circum benediction by Brother I. J. Clark. - 7 stances caused that her to ioin: aim of pxril thp. will His and keep His laws and commandments Afternoon session. Singing "Afflicted Saints resulting from bad associations. with ail their heart; just so sure was he waiting to Christ draw near,";. prayer by S. R. Bennion : In the evening, after a few opening remarks" uortais awate iom. witn angels ' Grace , Smith. ' Stakfi nrARPnf4-fiaTnP-Wo- -n w&lu& iT ?k by- Counselor them from their enemies; and also with attending ' , auiiiiuiaLcrtru uy iuo Uiuicy rj- --rr,, uvtvu iuc uuuyregauon in re- heTKelief Setmetioglittthe afternon7and; vy ara rnestnood. Brother J!. K. C.llr.tt th guiu "Having the privilege of listening to the wise Bumnrmgrumstanc;dvisi be examplarv in all tneir actions.-themto v conrrmn-- t.i rtn i counsel and instructions "of STslejFIigbee frpm: vr;r.i morc pleasure in the' faith and prayers of the Saints. "We have ziSMtiakeXUy , "Koii'-??.religont duties than any met y in the capacitv of a Relief Society before us,the follies and abominable ways that the conference, : We find that after Joseph Smith daughters of Zion had fallen into, which in the H. H. ClufT thought th Bishop had .organized the Church, he felt as though sight of God, have been a great burden on my were of and. Holy needed lineage to watch and there were something ladking, and therefore mind ever since I came to the land of Zion. in order to be.kept in the right pray; that path organized the Relief Society." This caused me to reflect, and to say to myself, Gave the tWo the $rlorv .nrnmi'sori they might gain, sisters' of the different wards some good in would to God that I could do anything toward faithful, which would causer them to sacrifice structions in regard :toiHeirIdutjeg,:iie:ad bringing about a better state of things ? and the earthly thing3 which could not hft linrlprcfnnfl ever taken an interest in the young and rising answer to the question came to me in this manner, m any other way, and knew o.f no pleasure as generation, and gave - some good counsel to . s I will ask all my sisters that are earnestly plead Jug loriuicLwiiUiDg oin with me'in pleading with God our Eternal Father that he may so inspire the hearts of His - 1 I -ea- u&o-oi-intrpicasuru -- to-da- y; asking-themselve- r . 13-ver- to-da- wPnat- -- se, y, slum-ber,le- st - . . , . : . N -- ajM e was-indee- d '" . ed ; . m, 4-- T t , . - S.J. -- semi-annu- t i i al al a very-appro- -. " . . : -- . , V rM.vui - the ' . to-da- . ir.f - 5 i 