OA WOMAN'S EXPONENT. BIRTHDAY GREETING- AND RESPONSE. tile aggregate will astonish us'.' This vast universe is composed .of minute particles, each To Brother William lilies, on his 75th Birthday, July 5tli, ibso. written m tast Meeting, while listening to Brother Willes' remarks. , -- Fasting nojJeastin.weJoay In every temporal sense: Yet, the good Spirit, while we pray GivesJ morejhan jrecompenje, '." "Z: To listen to thy earnest tone,- To watch thy silvery hair Give's pleasure, to the world unknown, And calls forth fervent prayer gathers at the fireside, though many be left. To make the gathering complete, the' absent ' ' Thy little grandchild here today, A gift of choicest worth, more I pray . Thou blessedst-man- y Such gifts be thine on Earth, . V- - which we never miss. A7rkihdTw6M ---- I freely must confess; And, with my heart and soul do say . ' , 111 sun-dial- which-cuance- -- -- the problem. -- eigh-teeht- h; oFJuhlSlopleon destroyed. 1 -- -- 1 - x ' t . 1 ' " v " I now reciprocate the same, The wishes you express; Thm,every blessing 1 can name For you to cheer and bless. "For the want of a nail the shoe was lost, And may the honor you bestow Upon my hoary head, In streams of blessings ever flow, Profusely on you shed, Wm. Willes. TRIFLES. For the want of a shoe the horse was lost, For the want of a horse the rider was lost; And all for the "want of a Horseshoe ..nail.' . , A small spring swelled by slight additions, Our mighty Mis-- : forms the "wonderful-Nile- . sippi has its source in an insignificant lake A Women's Silk Culture- - Association of Massachusetts has been formed to introduce silk culture into industrial schools and the farming districts of the State. ThevJivesof the Archbishop of Canterbury and Archbkhop of York signed the declara-ti; o ' mouth V,: Foi many mjlesirom-itminutes make the hours, and hours Review. So did the lady principals of -- make the year, as d rops makeJLheraiu and nightly and Newnham Girton College-rain jnakes the floods " so all small things lead A ccordrair to a paper read at the Woman's to great ones. From the little acorn springs the lofty oak; from the tiny streamlet flow s JRights Congress- Lin.- - Paris hy Mme. Fries, the mighty rivers; from the scattered seed women m bvveden are employed as Dank clerks and managers, professors in boys' high schools, sown in the early spring time, come the unwatch-maker- s, and in every counted millions of the baryest.i. jewelers, working ' The education of nearly Many of our greatest inventions owe their sortof existence to seemingly trivial events; and our every Swedish girl not born to fortune, is in a most wonderful discoveries can be traced to great degree industrial. There is no doubt, the occurrences- - so small that they have been over- - speaker added, that the Swedish women will ' iiTfavF --"As a : - , - -- - 1 '. No language can express - The ' gratitude-- I feel to Him " ' Who lengthens out my days That J am healthy; bright .and trim,... For which I render praise. But, most of all, my thanks are due To know the Gospel plan, . And hope to stand the journey through ' -- :; And prove myself a man, -- And never falter; turn aside Or e'en unworthy prove, By envy, lust, or worldly pride; Keeping my thoughts above. The kind regards your vers reveals : Doth cheer and comfort me, , And firm anH strong our friendship seals : And sets my soul quite free. Should those good wishes you portray : . By me be realized They represent a bright array By me Inost highly prized, "Think naught a trifle, though it small appear, 11 j. Victor Hugo says; If it had not rained on the night between the seventeenth and would. have gained a decided, victory over Wellington at Wat.prloo and France wou Id have held EnL'- land in her power The rain made the ground too soft to permit the manuvres of the artillery on which Napoleon invariably depended. Could the battle have begun early in the mornfiigT instead of at noon, the victory would have been won by the French. The delay bleeding wound. A tiny spark may set fire to a house, the gave the detachment of Prussians under flames spread and soon a -- whole village is Bluchertime to outmarch the French division knowA miser counts every penny, uuder Grouchy. The French lines, panic each one" stricken by Blucher's sudden appearance broke ing that cent3 make dollars, and that I iir i will help him' to make that , for which he is and lied, leaving iir Wellington victor 01 tne field. The power of water as a ma?s is un aiming- a fortune; to him, each penny hundredth part" questioned. 7 In m of a dollar. A tiny needle points the way far of human bein irs in to' eternity. The power of roshtrackleos ocean, and enables the a few drops at Waterloo is more mysterious; mariner to keep a direct course. A step is a and yet, they changed the tlestiny of nations trifle, yet step added to step, conneets the At- - and revolutionized all Europe lain tic witfithePaciric. A sh ingle torn from Graduating Essay. Sarah Ad ey. a roof is a small thing, if replaced at once no harm will be done, if allowed to remain off, June. 20. 1889. tbe raij will come in and with it damage and ruiiw "v:: NOTES AND NEWS. Tbe Value of a nail i small, but, - -- 11 The swinging of a lamp before an altar gave to Galileo the iidea of a pendulum and WiliAlir 1...... ,.P .r, 11 ifcuuuw LllU IAmO vi ufuuiui'iuii' mij . viio- covery, we should still be uiing the A thing as small and insignificant as an a to fail to the ground apple, suggested to the mighty mind of Sir Isaac Newton, the laws of gravitation and revealed to him the mysteries ot the starry vault of theheaveus. Over both these . questions, he had pmdered long; and in succeeding years, they would have puzzled other brains as great, if the falling apple had not' solved very little effort on our part, yet how powerful isitk influence; many have been spurred on to great and glorious deeds, by kind words spoken to them when they had met reverses, and had resolved never to try again; and as many more have gone to destruction for the want of a kind --word at-t- he Tnoment"of temptation. Kind' words are like the sweetest flowers which shed their fragrance round 113 and make us raise our hearts in. gratitude to our Maker. Harsh words are like the thorns and brambles which surround the fairest and most fragrant blossoms; they sink into the heart as bornS o into the flesh, leaving a painful and Reply to Sister L, L, G. Richards' Good wishes, onit. t..i.. -- w .00. my 75111 DIjLJ uiriuuay, juiy ui xooy, -Tis true, I'm seventy-fiv- e today r- Ull U.1 no trifle." gome-tim- es, L. L. G. Richards. . fixed-upon -- ' - ttl to-da- y, . . n And in that world of peace and bliss ... 01. which thoa,peaicesrw'eir7l7!' May we, in meetings such as this God's power and mercies tell. 0 - Our character, good or bad, is made up by and again, until little acts repeated'-agaihabits becomeso usjthat it is next to impossible to get rid' of them. Each act helps to make up the great fabric of character which we begin to weave in our earliest childhood, and continue to old age, and which affects. our destiny, not only for time, " but for eternity. : An act of charity is a small thing, but the giving of a penny; yet some one is made happy by it, and isgrateful for that The wish, the prayer I breathe for thee, Dear father, brother, friend, Isi that thy days may"mariy be, And prosperous to the end. .tt? ffutlcl 111 beginning of the art of printing, by which we are enabled to become familiar with the thoughts of the greatest minds; lhese types were improved until they attained the perfection of the modern printing-press- . Still, all and all the improvements the type in use anticipated for the future, are, and will be," the outcome of the rude iuventiou of Carter. 1 rules mate periecuon, dul periecuon is -f- . n. o " ii one is needed. II in i.t- - II II 11 our forefathers underwent, when traveling was carried on in old fashioned stage coaches. From the date of the use of steam in navigaOUU(4 tion and locomotion, people began to travel more and to learn more of distant countries. Before this they looked Upon traveling as a trial, now they look upon it as a "pleasure. .obliterated,:-or beings, world this great Compared with each individual is but a trifle, yet, how sadly home circle, which one is missed rom-the hangrand-oceaiis-bav-bce- : For, from thy lips proceedeth free Words of Eternal Truth; In thee a man of God we see, Faithful, e'en' from thy youth; - - Of kindred sympathy, ri-- o iron mona'rch whose paths cro?s and 1 ccross our continents. ' Without this invejitionjYo under the all powerful hand of the Creator, how infmitlly.grandaiid-wonderfu- l the result. Each grain of sand, -- "each drop of water, though alone of no value, fills its own 'office and fits into its own place. Even the smallest particle has a mission to fulfill. One drop of water, and one grain ofjeandj would never be m issed'but by the displacing o f these pa r t i cl es one by one, the faces of continents have been . ave force, and as a propelling useless; yet when" arranged On this thy Birthday, Brother Dear, I wish a wish for tjb.ee, t Prompted by feelings most sincere uoftottearn that A boiling kettle .suggested the -- Sands make the mountains, moments make the year," ' .And trifles, life. Your care to trifles give f Else you may die, ere you have learned to live.". The term trifles, as we look upon it, suggests to oar immiV something of little value or importance. Yet,if we eousiderlhese trifles, when brought tootlic-r'an.- l arrn::pl vslehm?:hv wood-carvin- 1' it. 'l - iJ'-U-i 1 ." g. t- ." 