WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 3 THE LAND OF REST. ' Most of my hopes have been destroyed, Yet life has not been all ayoid; 3.. God's providence has been my stay Where the wicked cease from troubling,' aad the wery i .areatrest." Selected. HOMESPUN TALKS TO MOTHERS. " Cease, cease, my child; there is no spot, That mortals know, where care is not; But sin and sorrow both are found, On earth's most consecrated ground. - w - - -N- in .vain my precious Of-aot; , one,--Th- ' ' " blessed Savior whispers come.' Have faith in Him; "then thou'lt be blest, He gives the weary spiit rest. Yet not to man has He e'er given To know the spot, which we call heaven; Be holy; Jesus dwelleth there, No trouble comes, no weary are. " i. ', - i edge in the Universe. J. What has proven the most effective style of teaching the young? The Froebel or Kindergarten system as it is called in this countrv .What are its peculiar method5?To please and interest tne readers, at tne same time teaching some valuable lesson or truth. Indeed have we not the notable example of our Savior who taught His" disciples by means of the Parable? He was of driving home keenly alive to the importance a the truths He would inculcate by the aid of w pointed and graphic illustrations. It is so with u? today. We love to attend the theatre, to listen to a discourse beautified by apt quotations, metaphors, and anecdotes as wellas illustrations. v Mothers, you and I cannot afford to sliVht Our daughters. restless creatures that they are, giddy, happy, will learn more lessons fromthe theatres thev visit, the books they read, than from all the sermons or rebukes they may hear. luucn inai naa Deen taugnt tnem m tneir childhood of truth, morality, cleanliness - and even faith will remain indelibly fixed in their minds. But you have forgotten or overlooked the fact that with most women all these things Indulging in my Waking dream, I linger by the crystal stream, And watch the pretty speckled trout N Bask in the sun, or frisk about; Perhaps would dip my rod with care, Some unsuspecting trout to snare. . Qilrieelfict-thkhome-tru- The old green lane I love it yet Where daisy, primrose, violet Beneath the hedgerows richly bloom And scent the air with sweet perfume, While robin sings his sweetest song To cheer me as I pass along. .. , O. happy were those summer days, And beautiful the sunny braes we, loved brothers, often strayed,, "Or loiteredtnriesylvashade. Anon would .seek a change of scene ' And race and frolic on the green. In autumn we ran off together And wandered through the blooming heather, where We knew the ripe bilberries were. around ! How grand the heather-bell- s which we berries found ! How sweet the heather-Thehoney-scent- The village school I see it still, W'here first I learned to wield the quill; My schoolmates still seem boys as when Their years were only eight or ten. -How changed ! were I to see them now ,. With hoary head and wrinkled brow. In later years, with cheerful toil I helped to cultivate the soil; The variedJabors of the farm ' Had such a fascinating charm That passing time ne'er drooped his wing In summer, auturan, winter, spring. But, oh, in riper years there came A longing after wealth and fame; And so I left the dear old home Resolved through foreign lands to roam And in those distant climes so fair I built ray castles in th airs, th. happensto jLmwptasidefllierlave on an Love is . :.' . Selected. Sometimes my fancy wanders back AJown my hfe's long trodden track, And distant scenes of long ago. When my young heart was all aglow, Come back as beautiful and bright As when at first they gave delight. ' ed no-Tonl- y RECOLLECTIONS OF THE PAST. f1 & over-worri- e . The editorial in the Aug. No. of the Juvenile nas been much in my mind this last lewdays. And in connection with the subject therein treated, viz: that of proper and legitimate amusements for the voumr. c comes the important one of legitimate and yet entertaining read ing. Jiecause you; my dear overlooked sister have little or no inclination to read anything' at all, it is not a corollary that your young fresh and restless daughter feels or even should feel as you do. It' she ha3 the making of a bright intelligent superior woman such jis you and would be proud of, she t will want to know howto clothe andfeed' her body in a cleanly healthful way and to keep, her home in a neat attractive manner, but she will also want, insensibly crave, to fill her mind with all the good and beautiful knowlmf ' And shall I hope m vain; For climes of beauty rare Where pain and trouble never Jcome, And where no weary are -- or keep a single affectionafe thought from the i nove$8poilt miss. Now there is a remedy for all this. There -- are novels-whos- e moral is pure and wbose-p-er usal is a blessing-andbenef- it. . The greatest harm to our girls is not done by the novel which portrays vice or crime with even too glaring a hand, for her own maidenly instincts-i- 3 protection enough against such as these. Ah ho! Far worse, more deadly in its effects is thejiovel in which every word uttered orwrit-te- n is of the most refined and chastediaracftr. Bui whic" first rousing those tender sensibili- ties of the young mind, exciting all those only half understood and long and m. of a the breast leelmgs ings pure maiden, by descriptive and . delicately : veiled then proceeds to from the "Behold here 13 love, text, preach sweet, passionate and soul enthralling. It is worth a whole life of after-miseror after- shame just to be filled for once with such. delicious bliss." ' , Delicious Judge! The whole text is "Life for love is well lost." Every event, every word, every scene, every character is conceived and planned for the express purpose of the happy culmination of the two principal characters of the book. ' 1 Mother my heart is faint, I'm longing to be therms 7 The cares of life are pressing, Ohl rnothei7 tell me where? ' . Throughout "TnylifeVeventfuTiday; And glowing hopes of future rest Still soothe and cheer my troubled breast. Where is th.H land of love? Ohi mother, tell me where The wicked cease from troubling, And where no weary are? . 51 ed he-plac- ed a unworthy object. most powerful agent in any woman's mind. And when it comes to the mind of a young thoughtless inexperienced girl, it is an agent that enters in as it were and possesses the whole . being. Now if the mind of the rirl has hoon pn. gaged ,herhQpeicen tered, ander ideals placed on the love generally pictured in the popular novel, she is very much in the condition of a ship at sea without rudder, compass or guide.-Anif some fellow jump3 aboard, offering to pilot her into a haven of bliss, she i3 eager to find in him all the delightful fascinations of The nearer he approaches thi3 the noyel-hero- ; ideal the more dangerous i3 he to her peace of . ' mind. Perhaps he too is steeped in the pernicious literature and thenceforth ensues a youthful - transcomedy which is sometimes well-ada- y formed into a bitter tragedy, the two awakening to a long life of misery as the result of hasty ' - matrimony or perhaps : rr worse. To su ch a girl a good, honest, downright lad with no "darlings" "dream of mydife," "angeMoves" at his tongue's end is a tame commofellow who cannot win n-place, . , poor-spirit- ed half-acknowledg- ed eenes-of-Jove-and-passion, y ; ' : . . - . - Yet must I assert' that the novel is good, very good in its place, a more powerful teacher to the young developing susceptible mind than the hearth or thepulpit, but it should be'most care fully selected. If your girl craves the intellectual food " and entertainment, she will find means some way to gratify it. Hearing a young married woman speak of one of Ouida's novels, I asked her in surprise ' if she had been allowed to read such books by .. : ; her parents. - "Oh- - no," she replied, "mother and father strictly forbade my reading it" "And wherefore then did you see or hear of it?" "Oh, Ma and Pa read this book twice, both of them. But they would not let me read a word.- You may be sure that just as soon as I was married I bought and read that book the : . ...'; very first thing I did!" Consistency! Then, parents don't read unless to ascertain the character of it, any book unfit to put in your children's hands. But at the same time supply them with a proper amount of - : . light-readi- encouraging themtDgradually" ng, incline 10 mat -wuiuu is more suosiantiai and good. History,- biography, and the lighter sciences will or can be gradually taken up with pleasure as well as great profit. Theatres should be as carefully chosen and selected as books, for they are even more powerful teachers of good or bad morals. -- Seems to me - we need a Lamanite prophet Samuel or Abinadi to come and cry out our sins from the house top3. Do you think he would fare much better at our hands, tlfan he did at the hands of the Nephifes? Well I have blushed for our people's inconsistences. Mothers, shall we do betfer? Shall we l6ok to these things a little closer? At a future time I may have something ' more to say on this subject. ' .. Homespun,! . NOTICE. . The Belief Society Conference, of the Salt Lake Stake of Zion will commence in the Fourrfinth Ward Hall on Sept. 12th, at 10 o'clock a. m., and to be present - M. at 2 p. ra. All are invited Isabella Hoene, Prest . 