01 HALLOWE'EN. -- Only a picture from my boyhood's past A picture that on memory's walls shall last At. J-A- . . , And other hearts that played on Hallowe'en. Cuddled inaddlebadyLCiwith. - glee,- And rafters ring with mirth and melody, And round and round, with clear, sweet voices sing: -- "Russet or bough or bitter-sweev Greening or golden pippin; Happy are they that do the feat While their heads they dip in. Bob, Jsotk,.bibbetyb,b,. You take one breath between; Oh. this is the way we children play t, -- bitter-swee- t, Greening or golden pippin; Only the lazy find defeat While their heads they dip in. Bob, bob, bibbely bob,' You take one breath between; And this is the .way we children play ' .. On Hallowe'en!'' ZZ 1 Afore Sue went to town ter school She sung ez nat'ral as a bird; She didn't warble then by 'mlei"y--'But when her pipin voice I heard, I'd quit work jest ter hev a tune; The men about the place did, too; But sence she came from school last June, She don't sing like she used ter do. ' An', in her drowsy little way, She'd kind o' sing herself ter sleep. " , her hymn tunes mighty well: Her hymns in gen'rat struck me right, Like "Dennis" an' old "Silver Street;' ' And there was one my favorite. Now how was it that tune began? 777: I only recollect one bit "Her brow was like the snowdrop an' Hef throat was like the swans' that's it. An then there was a song about "Endearin" young charms'' an ze hOw If she should lose them charms, no doubt, The feller d love'her jest ez now. An' one about a gal whose beau Was not well fixed an went away; -- . Henry - B. Smith. - ' : Oct. 1. 1889. 1 be-clear- of ' EDITOR EXPONENT: ... - T Since last writing to you we have changed our home from Aunuu, to Vatia, a village on the northern side of the island of Tutuila. Saint mission And Here the first Latter-day house, on Samoa, has been built. The brethren have labored hard and faithfully, to build a home that might be a resting place for the Elders who are called to labor on Tutuila and Aunuu.' And how delightful it is to have a home of our own to dwell in. One where we may have a few moments to ourselves, without six or eight natives with their greasy, almost naked bodies, lying on the floor smoking, and asking all sorts of silly questions; always to talk about how the cars run, what kinds of'food there are iu America, what the houses look like, if there is lots of nice cloth etc. rather -- than faith,r repentance and baptism. On the 1 7th of June the quiet routine of 'our daily life was broken into, as our boat was seen in the fog, bringing the four missionaries,-B- . Solomon, B. Smoot, H. E. Booth, and J. J. -- pre-ferin- g ' felt as though we could hardly wait for them to land; so anxious were wre to meet them and hear the news from home. And oh! with what impatient, eager hands we opened our boxes or valises sent by kind relatives and friends, as necessities, and comfort to cheer us iu our far off home. For thetime ; being we were as a lot of happy children, to whom Santa Claus had just paid his respects. And many were the exclamations of surprise, that burst from our lips a3 we unpacked our goods. July 24th we spent as a holiday. We were just settled in our new house, and after partaking of a nice dinner; we strolled off in little groups, for.: pleasant walks along the san dy beach, throu gh the Jail eocoan u t groves, or up the beautiful mountains so densly covered - with ferns, shrubs, climbing" plan ts and all kinds of tropical vegetation, and occasionally a miniature Niagara Falls which had a tendency to make the stroll very romantic, and -- pleasant. As the glorious sun gradually fades behind the high- - mountains which surround our village, and the' beautiful twilight is struggling withihe shades of night, we all gather on the lawn in front of the house, ' -- to light. Vatia, Tutuila, Samoa. Btnnett, who had arrived that morning on the steamer,.Maraposa. All was excitement! We I liked - : . have songs,' accompaniments on the missionary meeting, the Spirit of God being felt to a great extent. And so ended "a very We "all felt sorry Sleasant day on Samoa.M. E. Booth were not Beesley and present, as 'we know they were spending a lonely day on Aunuu. ' Pres. Dean and family, Elders E. J. Wood, B.r Solomon, and B. Smoot, are on the island of Unolu. near the capital. Apia. Elders Wm, U. Lee and iamily, A. Jieesley, 11. iu. Booth, and J. J. Bennett, remained here. They are laboring hard among this people, but are .baptizing very few, still they do not, feel discouraged,; but rather filled with a firmer determination to over come every obstacle; and accomplish every duty; realizing that God alone can convert this people, and that if they warn Jhem of the judgments to come their all they the blood of garments will ' r"'-": : : warn; This" people are a very lazy,, indolent race: &ho a nation of liars, thieves and adulterers. When told of their sins, they coolly eay; "We know it,, is wrong to do so, that it is in direct opposition to the teachings of the Bible, but that is the way of Samoa, and we don't reel like doin otherwise. And thev no on in their sins, prefering evil to good, darkness . These people are great hypocrites, they come inW 11a A.Kf SINGIN'. - -- -- ?r; ' 7 FOREIGN CORRESPONDENCE. . Insmgin' I'm a tarnal dunce, Somehow I can't stick ter an air, But when a lot sings all ter once I growl a few words here an' there. But Sue, a baby, tired o' play, Inter her mother's anas 'ud creep, - Hearth and Hall. Now mystic spells are hovering in the air, And grandma tells us from her rocking chair, Of long ago when she, a little child, Joined in these revels, and the fun grew-wild-. "Ah dears,'' quoth she, "with salt held in'my hand, . Before the glass one night 1 chanced to stand; For I was told that one who loved me best Would o'er my shoulder peep before I'd rest. Then o'er my should erk I the salt would throw; " All this Vas many and marry ayear ago,' "And did you see a face?" with wonder-eye- s .Some one would ask. Grandma would look so wise. " I did, my dears; the charm ne'er failed with rne, I looked, and o'er my shoulder I could see The face of one who loved as loves no other The gentle face of my own sweet, sweet mother! George Cooper in The Golden Days. ED t Gymnastic, hyfalutin' stuff, Them hymn tunes nowshe says is queer, I an't no doubt but what that's true; But still I wish she'd let us hear The old songs like she used to do.- . -- NEW-FASHION- " . 'en! "Russet or bough or An' if so be her ma observes, tyt.f pa would like terJieafyer sing.-'- ' She then begins ter rack my nerves --Wiih some consarned Eyetalian tiling. These songs that's writ in furrin tongues Are mighty high toned tunes maybe; ' They may be good ter test the lungs, But words jest makes a song fer me. I don't enjoy her singing much, ' I s'pose my taste is kinder rough, An' all the things she's learned is such. we guitar and mandolin, lively conversation and lemonade. In the evening we had a splendid . lots o' monkey-shine- s she calls Her exercisin' an' her scales. The same consists q' prancin' roun' With whirligigs and curleykews An' caperin' up an dwindlin doun With no more tune than squeaky shoes. farm-houseol- where An' now all day she caterwauls Four hours or so, and never'fails , An Autumijsunset bathed the itb deepening tints of ruby and of gold, And leaves of yellow, purple, brown and rid, Like jewels, everywhere a lustre shed. Within the merry shoutsof boys and girls -A happy mother's cluster of fair pearls; nd with her grandma, knitting, rocking slow, Upon her dear, olt face a peaceful glow. Then ez her father's funds was low, ' She took a chap named 'Robin Gray." a flpft V V -A V MVVJ Iaxta. In nrAfrr witVi- ffrpflf. AVV-S uV A V A to gain some personal advantage. , It is so aggravating to be imposed upon by "a wolf in We have to cultivate sheep's clothing." patience continually. We find that we must be very charitable toward this people at all times, and under all circumstances: making b nvrancfl inr wnnr. nns nepn nnm an nrpn in them fpr many generations. Leaving judgment for one who is able to judge and will -- Their oreatest redeem- hospitality to strangers who may j)e passing through their villages. On Hept. 19th at 8 a. m. we felt quite a shock" of earthquake,. our houses trembled and shook, reminding, us of the explosion of the rln sr in rnif!h mero.v. ing quality is their pi 1 powder magazines, some years ago, in oait Lake City, only w did not receive as long or BCVcrc a euaiiiug. j.110 uativca ncio-vei- -j much friirhtened. Three of our Elders have iust returned . from a missionary trip, having J mi .1 jft.: ... preacnea m iweive villages, auu uetng uemeu that privilege and told to leave two others. they had read They did so; not however-unt- il assembled chiefs and part of Luke X, to the warning them of what they were doing. This is the beginning of summer on Samoa. The thermometer registers 92 in tho shade, but the nights are nice and cool. We are all en- ioins:'crood health at the present writing. 1 1 . L. C Lee. . NOTES AND Miss Helen Oastle, of Honolulu, Sandwich at the Harvard Islands, is , taking a cour ' ' Annex. The lady who writes poems under the name of E. Nesbit is Mrs. Edith Bland. She is a vigorous socialist, and lives ajt Lee, one of the suburbs of London, stands first -- in .. the-- com lAyoung-lad- y at Corpetiition for the six $800 scholarships W hat's - the matter with nell Univertity. the young men of this day and generation? Miss Clara Barton has completed her work at Jamestown, and has returned to wasning-ton- , D. C. A public reception was given her at Willard's Hotel; Saturday .Nov. 2. followed by a banquet, to which more than two hun- ared persons nawneen invitea. vx)mraigsioner , Hines of the Histrict will preside. - 