75 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. JOHNY IS PACKING HIS TRUNK." ' . 0 - Now comes a fragrant breeze Through the dark cedar trees, And 'round about my temples fondly" lingers, ; TO MARYt In gentle playfulness Like to the soft caress j Johny is packing his trunk as I wri'e" Why comes this thrill to my being's core, Why do I read it o'er and o'er, And why do the tear drops" start ? "Oh weep for my first born goes, Out from the old Home nest tonight. ; ' My Gpd, may their future lives be blest -- What letter I holch dyl ee ; tinfoldJ::.--".--:;,-the past to.roy-yisio- n ', ; A:5weet facedkab? . iajny.armsJ..clasp, And gaze upon him in joy enrapt, - ' He soon gained a place in every heart And gTCyof "that household band apart, p Like a ray of light from babe to man He brought no Sorrow in all the span, The home was brighter whene'er he came, "Oh will it ever be the Same ? Free of heart and open of hand ; " He won him friends throughout the land, And the Bride who goes forth from her old home too Where a cherished one she lived and grew, To share with our boy on life's ocean wide, -- The Dark that must weather wind and tide, To build 'a New Home where others may dwell, Where thaf'Spng of the heart," may in melody swell. ' Herein this far off land I raise, A deep thanksgiving prayer of praise, 'To God who kept him through the day, When evil snares beset his way; , him shine, And may His power around divirie. all love and 'Til home grow Home should be the spot the nearest heaven, And home ties the dearest our God hath given; An altar of love in the Desert Wild, child; ' A rest for earth's weary Oh.sacred the light of the Old Home burns, And often the Memory backward turns, To seek a balm for some hidden pain " And gather strength for Jjo'c wnrlc again.' God bless the Old Homesand theNew, And help to malce them pure and true, ". A haven sweet of peace and Test,--; best. the earth on Of every spot S. E. Russell. .... Mesa Septal , iSSq--,-- as-yo- ur - . -- . " -- toil-stain- ed . " - .. Sweet is the voice" that" calls From babbling waterfalls where the downy seeds are flying; meadows In And soft the breezes blow 7 And eddying come and go In faded gardens where the rose is dyings - Among the stubbled corn The blithe quail pipes at morn, The merry partridge drums in hidden places, And glittering insects gleam Above the reedy stream, Where busy spiders spin their filmy laces. - - and hill The winds shll whistle chill, -- And patriarch swallow call their flocks together; '" po fly from frost and snow, " To seek for lands where blow The fairer blossoms of a balmier weather. .. - " -- The cricket chirps all day, "'" ."Oh, fairest Summer stayl" The squirrel eyes askance the chestnuts browning;" The wild fowl fly afar ; Above the foamy bar, . And hasten southward ere the sties are frowning. ' --'...-'' .. : -- .LUNCHEON IN THE PINE WOODS. Imagine a long and rather narrow ravine running up bill, between two mountains thickly covered with pine trees and shrubbery, thei ravine having formerly been the bed of a river now dry, or if any water only showing itself now and then in a few trickling drops, where it escaped from the yellow soil and rocks that had all been turned over and washed in placer mining. I have designated this a ravine but these places are called in the mining vernacular "a gulch," and thi3 particular one was "Gold Gulch" I think... ; On a lovely afternoon in one of those mellow Autumn days, when the leaves are just beginning to be tipped with frost, and nature seems, more perfect for the charming variety of color, and the sky itself looks softer and bluer than ladies in summer, a gay party of were wending their way up the Gulch in pur-suof pleasure. On and on they clambered over rocks, stumps and fallen trees, helping each 'other occasionally and gathering flowers or foliage by the way. The woods were fra grant with pine odors, and the wind among the trees was sighing and whispering as though in nofl aud gentle ncloomo to tko trlaiim-trating the deep woocla far up among the steep hillsr.where,iio ,Jimaa.;;b;eijJ!g,.seemed;,.tQi'a.e, made himself felt or known. Finally a place and of rest was selected and blankets-spreahammocks strung up the squirrels were the sole live occupants of these wooded hills, no birds were seen but here and there we after wards discovered traces of the . well-dresse- d it a d - . t v er . lighted and coffee and tea prepared, and the table spread with fine white linen on boards, carried up for the purpose. L The walk had given the guests a good apluncheon was very petite, and, seated and partaking soon invitini. We were of the choice viands and delicacies and complin menting the hostess, when it was discovered all at once there were "thirteen at tho table." The conversation immediately turned "upon the sign of this disastrous number, and several interesting and extraordinary accounts were related; it did not seem however to mase any serious impression upon the party for they were as merry as possible, but when the meal was finished and the plates sent away, some one suggested theidea of the expenmemt for all to take hold of bands and rise at once, which was accordingly., agreed to 'and the ladies Joined hands' and in"a moment airfbsermultaneouslyT This may, or may not be a preventive, but we were out for a good time and did not intend to have our spirits "dampened, recreation of thi3 kind is sometimes dearly bought, but that ihe-tempti- At eve cool shadows fall Across the garden wall, - ' 9 the clustered grapes in purple turning, And on And pearly vapors lie 7 Along the eastern sky, here the broad harvest moon is redly burning. -- -- These ladies were guests of Mrs. Garrison of Murray, and she had previously made ready for the entertainment. Nor far from the" spot chosen as our resting place in the woods though had been Gulch below usra-fi- re down in-t- he " - d " or. Woodpecker. GEORGE-ARNOL- D. Ah! soon on field Yet, though a sense of grief Comes with the falling leaf And memory makes the Summer doubly pleasant, In all my Autumn" dreams A' future Summer gleams Tossing the Wrest glories of the" present 1 Selected. Yellow-Hamm- SEPTEMBER. BY Bestowed in happier days by'loving fingers. for beautiful handsV but what were the rest to : do to make some display of talent if not. of beauty." Finally it was agreed that each should contribute something to the general enjoyment of the party. And each one used her powers of persuasion to bring out a song or recitation from some other one, the result was that Mrs. Woodsj-ecitein its proper style, the humorous Barker says piece, "If I'd had a fair show-Joe he" this wa3 loudly applauded,-- and then came Miss Frances Geeson who recited and then Miss Daisie gaveusr arrecirstion, and 0 ontlienMr3rJQod3 gave us 'The Petrifio: Fern," which seenied "appropriate to the woods;: . The writer propounded a question to the company, "Who wa3 the greatest .woman the world; had ever known?" This brought a variety of answers as well as facts in favor of the one named, and therefore awakened thought, soma .said Eve, another Isabella, and Joan of Arc, but, the majority agreed that , Mary the mother of Jesus must have been the. greatest. Then followed a dissertation upon woman suffrage,and in the midst of it a swaying free, created a scare and the ladies ran in all directions, but the tree regained its position: and we all. came back, though' soon after decided to ramble farther up the "gulch;" some distance from our rendezvous we found a miner's cabin not long deserted, there was the rude bedstead made of green poles fastened into the lops and abed of cedar boujrhs still fragraVit logs rounded for pillows and stools sawed from logs, a frying pan, an old pipe some be- newspapers and other odd things, were left hind. In such rude cabins iip among . the wooded hills, men find rest from their day's toil of digging for gold. Often .these miners are educated and cultivated .gentlemen, sometimes' in search of health but more, often of wealth, but dame fortune is fickle and though some, have luck it is the exception only, liomewarUr-chatti- ng fading and we turned our faces as we went along as merrily as ever. an an enterIt had beena loTy afternoon; remembered taining interview to be for the' ladies who came together on this happy occasion, had made it a tribute of she recalls each face respect to the writer, and adat the moment of this writing with sincere miration and a distinctive appreciationof the honor. Aunt Em. ng day the fates were propitious and we were soon reclining again on the steep hillside, bracing ourselves against stumps or trees and talking away as fast as possible. Some of the ladies had brought fancy work, a pretty occupation still-anoth- er . " " - with-pleasur- e, , PRAYERFULNESS. We are bidden to pray without ceasing and to continue constant in prayer. . Paul prayed for "Timothy without ceasing night or day. Now how is it possible to pray without ceasing? We must have three conditions; first, we must must acknowledge a want, and then we God's power to supply that want, then comes the appeal to Him to put forth that ac-knowl- PWhen"weTiave slully learned the lessons of our countless wants, the effect will pass into to. our very being, and will make us gentle to others and give ascertain childlike meekness the the whole temper. Then we must have to supply knowledge and belief in God's power this- and who will dare to deny that this power can' go beyond any thing we conceive, or - ' feel -- " "Amtition, shamer selfishness, or love, can lay : hold'ofthrmiudith firmrunshaken graspr - and yet you will refuse to believe in prayerful- n?When some unpleasant, or unholy thought Heals across us, and gomething we cannot be unyoken banisb.try a fervent,though it may in heaven, one a prayer; send to our Father find swift but earnest appeal, and we shall unhallowed thought will trouble us no ... . Mamie 