rapidly as in the more intellectual studies in which they are engaged. ' Mrs." Emily Crawford is writing "A Story of the French Revolutions." As her husband's assistant during his lifetime, and his successor einco hi death , Mrs. Crawford has" been the Paris correspondent of the London Daily News for a quarter ot a century. of the ppot, sprig of leaves, as a raeracnto naa wrote where lived the Poet, who refrainr "Ah, nevermore."- - the saa, - The home new will bear no trace of the simple, old fashioned ' wave except that theso two trees will cottage, - their branches over its to .those who listen, ''only this, and nothing more." It was in 1843 and 1844 that Edgar A. Toe and his young' wife Jived here in the family of xMr. Brennan, whose eldest child, (now Mrs. General O'Beirne) remembers much- - of them, &b ehe was often with Poo while he waa writjng; just She recollecU the woodtn shelf-naile: above' the :tloor: of tha Toomon which ."stood r$ small bust of Minerva; that there wre no purple curtains with "silken, sad, uncertain rustle," and no tufted floor: but she distinctly remembers that the poem, Lost Lenore, was read aloud to the family from manuscript. How many since then have" read, and'reread, until the lines are familiar, household words the weird, sad story of The Lost Lenore! -r- , oof-saying The October Century contains a very in- tcresting posthumous article by Marja Mitchell,. entitled "Reminiscences of the Hersclels,1' with a portrait of Miss Mitchell, and a picture of d -- i her last obserYatorj at -- j ' j ! ! .. required of her. mbersof the Reh'ef Society of: the we mi that Resolved South Bountiful. realize the loss of a faithful member in the ' death ot our Sister. Resolved that we extend our sympathy and condolence" to the bereaved family and friends. - Resolved that a copy of these resolutions be presented to the family, the Woman's Exponent, and also placed on the - j , cokborer in the Relief Spciety, one who has been a faith. ful member and at all times willing to perform all the duties . -- record. .1. Piikbk Atkinson, President. 1 - Mary "ANN" PACE, "" .' South Bountiful, Utah. ' '" ' Secretary." ' ' : . LYfl Wells of Ft. Wayne, Ind., who died there Oct. 2, aged eighty, left her resiMiss Ruth dence, worth $40,000, tp the city, on condition that the asylum for the blind shall be erected and maintained.-' Her mother was blind for : years. Mrs. Nora Buck, wife of the.the engineer of a passenger steamer which plies on Great Egg Harbor Bay between Long Port and Somers Point, N. J., ' presides over.' the engine-rooand is skilled Jn the management of the machinery. Mrs. Buck is a granddaughter of Commodore Lavalette and the daughter of the founder of Lavelette City, N. A She is as 'skillful in managing a sailboat as in running a steamer. She is only 19 years old and extremely handsome. Her husband says she is the best assistant he could have in running his 5sn7 Ti nlrof 0 -- ' . DR. PAINTER. . .. .. ; .. . .. iMmH. ON SALE I) m "Dr. Hetty Kersey Painter, one of the faith-f- ul suffragists of Lincoln, Neh., has recently died. The Woman's Tribune says of her. "She was the most interesting historical person age among the women of Nebraska. Her death is a personal bereavement to all who' - knew her." "Mrs. P. was descended from' staunch boattfv-Quaker.fam.ilies of.y.est Chester, Pa., and was Miss Caroline Whiting, seventy-on- e one of the first women to graduate from the years Woman's Medical Coillege of Pennsylvaniar of age, mis been a teacher m New York City e At the breaking out of the Civil War she for years. Says Miss Frances Willard in the Union Signal: For fifty years offered herself lor her country, and was on the almost she has not spent a day in bed: has taught alsurgeon during duty as nurse and ' of testimonial the entiie conflict, securing ways m the same school (No 14), and worn out and and school buildings; has been forty years of Grant Gen. two Sherman, esteem of the devotion 'of the corps of which she was a principal and has twenty teachers under her Durin g her long residence i u care, and has had not fewer than twelve member, thousand pupik. Miss Whiting has had her Lincoln, her Sanitarium, where she used esbeen to has a home for fifty years with Mrs. Sa bin and the blessing pecially hygienic means, many, while all who were associated with her latter's mother, both of whom were herpupik. learned to love her and 'to feel confidence in Thi3 is a pretty fair record for one "AsuperfluQua woman." . her gentle tender skill, r Lincoln the of "As the charter president old lady'has just died in London A W. R. C.,ashe bore the interest of the boys the very Dowager Duches3 of Beaufort who, who had followed the flag near to her heart. was the cause of a piece ago," unwitting She was prominent in the W . C. T. U., and years of She was the legislation. has been an active member and officer of the second wife of old the Duke, whose childless first Nebraska Woman Suffrage Association since wife been hersstr. When her husband Jjad its organization. ; the question was raised whether her son " "The funeral services was mostly rendered by died, could succeed to the title, inasmuch as the ffomenMrs,Ada-Mittenbenderjrep- re; ancient ecclesiastical law then prevailing, while sented the Woman Suffrage Association, and not making such marriages void, provided for Mrs. King, of the W. C. T. U., spoke in their being set aside by spiritual courts upon loving commendation of her work. The rites appeal. After some trouble, the other heirs at the grave were conducted by the Woman's acceded to the succession of the present Relief Corps." L: Duke, but, in order that such a dispute should not arise again, an act was immediately passed NOTES AND NEWS. making marriage with a deceased wife's sister, - . . PRINCIPAL POINTS . east, west; NORTH and SOUTH -- fifty-thre- . TO . UNION TICKET OFFICE, Main Street Salt Lake City. C . " J. ETINGALLS, City Pass. Agt. V. PARKER, Div. Pass. Agt. - -- .THOMI . . far-reachi- . There arc : . Kindergartens, with forty-siteachers, and attended by fifteen hundred children iii' Boston, Mass. . twenty-fou- r young women now at the , Brussels Univerit-- 10 study pharmacy, 7 -and one physical science, 3 general medietqe, ' twenty-on- e philosophy. . " The young ladies of the Wisconsin University are studying carpentry, and gaining proficiency iiuthe mechanicar-departm- ent aT Leading-Reta- Special to the Ladies. ' AT TEAS DELE'S be found th latest - good woman has gone to her rest. Sister' Eliza Foulds wife of illiam J. Parkin died at her residence in South Bountiful June nth 1889. She was bora December 7th i8 and emigrated from the Nottingham Conference 1863. "She was the only one of her father's house that embraced the Gospel. She was the mother of ten children, nine of whom are left, "to mourn her loss. She, iwifef-ahdj- awasaecrobjlier-avinfefrhfchf at fc day Saint. Embraced all the principles of the everlasting Gospel which hve been revealed by-- Joseph Smith the Prophet; and was a faithful teacher in. the South Bountiful Relief Society; She died as she had; lived, a faithful Latter-da- y ..: .:;:. .: ..' .' ...... Saint. .Resolutions of Respect- .r Vhereas our Heavenly Father has seen fit to call from our midst our loved and respected Sister ElizA F. Parkin. Whereas we are called rto mourn a dear Sister and . il iU.X., .A.. . . x Of the The Will Another- , v zi OBITUARY. The net receips of the historical pageant at Hartford, Ct., in honor of Mrs. Stowe, amounted to $1,036. , EMPORIUM SALT LAKE CITY. ng ill egal, Athens, Greece, has a Woman's journal. Mrs, Amelia Rives Chandler is", writing a book about the children employed in mills. i EAGLE - . styles andiodnctions in .. LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES And an elegant assortmenf of K U Spial . "5T department O-- O OD S . forLes' 112, 114, 11 6, 118 M East Temple Sfr el T INN E RS C AS, WATE R & STEAM FITTERS Agent for RUMSEYS celebrated LIFTand FOR. E PUMPS. Pumps Repaired an short notlc&Ordef th8 to. cocntry-prompU3?H-esixn.J- eil 