.... : WOMAN'S EXPONENT. sustained. Society were Coun. Martha Tlam- - Stake .Coun.'W. F. Rmhv exhortfd all to brushing aside a portion of her modesty to - low her to s ay : - faithfulness in keeping the commandraentsf-God- . "We are living, in a wicked world, for "I pray you, tarry; pause a day of two J many curse God, and it behooves you as Before you hazard; for, in choosing wrong .mothers in Israel to be very prayerful, for un- I lose your company; therefore forebear awhile; Jess you seek the. Father you. will. not be able f A here's something tells me, but itjs not Jove, rto keep ywruranolaughtere'rorn the Vl would SbTl6se"y6urand you know yourself i,,iluees-th-e outside element. .Hate counsels not in. such a quality. I realise tha a g' eat responsibility rests on the She could make her love subservient to the mothers of ,Uop you f ach' have a mission to trial her father imposed upon the man who" perform; if you can hing up your chiidreu'to -- l she was to win her. AiiuVno h jct)rable and to he saved, in the kingdom of God'yoaAava.doiieai'great workVfsit r&sksT"Is it' not hard, Nerissa, that I cannot choose one nor refuse no n c?" II a d t h e h a rd 3 ip the homes of the sisters; encourage them, and ' n vi the te t he m to coin e to : In eeting," G a vo" ffiiTny-gobeeiijmposedjipou.her of aceepting-eithe- r andaimely instructions Asked God to- - . Pri n ce. of. A rra go noT"the" Priiiceb fM or r oco," she wou Id Jmve bowed submissively to her fate Jlessahe sisters t)L the Relief-Society. . with a sort of dignified - indifference, and proPrest. XprRRiekaddressed the conference; r expressed his approbation of the work of the ceeded to be happy. How differen- t- Desdemona,- - who took her Society. Said he was more than pleased witlr the remarks of the speakers; advised the sismarriage into her own willful hands with so much .disregard of her father's wishes, that he: ters to prepare in time for the next conference, trom a stranger of the event to and be, there, "and you tha.t are here wilHeel, -- must-learn which he wa3 so much opposed ! wh-you go home, that you have been richly In her only act of firmness, that of loving repaid for coming, for a large portion of the Othello-i- n of everything, she displays SpirioLGod has been here. You should be her extreme spite weak u ess; she .shows how plastic strict in every word and act, so you can gain is her nature, and how, she is governed by her confidence in each other; cultivate a spirit that . , will bless and comfort your sisters; when any strongest impulse. all The one the act usurps strength of one is cast down cheer them up. I think we is in which her and jiature capable, taking all, are as free from talking about our neighbors column without a like a pedestal, the as any plce I was ever in." Gave many appears greater it grows the weaker it becomes. good instructions, which sank deep into the All Portia's calm speculations , about her. hearts of all present; also spoke of the good- of the Lord unto us. Asked God to bless marriage, her witty criticism on the traits of her many suitors; her hesitating to let Bassanoi-chooseus in all we are called to do. while weaknesses in themselves, bePrest. T. Hinckley said she was wellleased withthe meeting; thought we had been well tray a strength of character unknown to Des- dernona. They .mean in her a determination repaid for coming,. "and I have been highly to be firmJu her duty in spite of her inclinapleased with the good instructions we have , that she received from Prest. Ricks and Coun. Rigby. tion, to put aside all her might fulfill those of her father, and to acI thank them for their kind remembrance. cept the inevitable with all possible grace. Conference was. then adjourned for three As we cannot imagine Desdemona conceivmonths. Closed by singing, "Glorious things ing and carrying out the plan of the court "of thee" are" spoken. Benediction-bylenth- a "sceire iharPo . J. Helm. think of Portia submitting to a jealous man's Sarah A. Barxes, Sec frenzy enough to be quietly smothered with a pillow. With Desdernona's narrowness of intellect THE BETWEEN A COMPARISON it would have been impossible for her to devise, DESDE-MONOF CHARACTERS asdid Portia, a plan to free hex husband from AND PORTIA the debt to Antonia, nor can we contemplate her preparing with a jnixture of humor and BY ELSIE ADA FAfJ.ST. 8enqusn ess to carry out that scheme, and m uch less think of' her a3 successfully and bravely has In all his writings Shakespeare probably performing her work so that all difficulties are never prespnfpd to us two characters which cleared away. Desdemona , when she says, ivniild do more to earn for him the name of a "So.that, dear lords, if I be left behind, versatile writer tlian those of Desdemona and A month of peace, and he go to the war, pprtia. So different, and yet so peculiar to The rites for which I love him are bereft me, nrxsitinns which the writer makes tnem thtf v Lil V shall -- sel. ' Coun. Wra. Halls ;eaid his advice to the sis- - to devote tuemseive3 to their office ami callingPrayed God Jo bless all wlio fi i-- h'e--4i fi ereu osl tionV TKatHieeirea led-- to : Prest. Hammond felt to endorse all that had Ko47i para uvttiic i irsi, ttaiiuu ai Choir conference the sang, "Improve' journed moments." Prayer by Bishop Geo. tae shining . 1 1 oiuc -- : '. ; eon-tamina- '-ng :" ' doubt-althoug- liaiis-- Sapaii J. Roqeuson, Stake Sec al- - h -- 1 BANNOCKS rA K& od Minutes of the Relief 'Society conference held in Rexburg, Nov.' 17, 1888, Pre srtemr presiding. Meeting opened perance-HincklePrayer by Coun Rigby. by singing. Sinking. Roll was then called, and minutes of previous conference were read and approved. vThe Stake and local officers were presented Stake Prest. and unanimously sustained. Temperance Hinckley was pleased to meet the sisters of the Relief Society; would liked to Exhorted all to have "seen more present. come to their meetings. "If you feel determined to come, you can , for 'where there's a will there's a way."' Earnestly! advised the mothers of Zion to be prayerlul and humble. "Attend to your secret prayers, for much good are deis derived from secret prayerrIf-yo- u will kneel pressed in your eeiingsif-you down and pray God will help you, and your. burden will seem light," Advised the "mothers to bring up their children in the fear and admonition of God; too much cannot be said on this subject. "The teacEers of the Relief So-- : ciety should be very diligent, and seek for the Spirit of God to help them .to perform their duties in a right and acceptable manner, for a great responsibility is resting on them. You should visit the sick, and see that the poor are Lord to, As ked be with us to aid us in the truth and all good y -- the-blesingilt- f0-f.-- he works. Stake Coun. Sarah A. Gunnel bore a strong testimony to the truth of this work; made some good and timely remarks; spoke verv encourag"Although you. have ingly to the sisters. many things bearing upon you in body and . spirit you should not give up; remember, 'No : cross, noc crown and press forward with rer : - newed diKgence. Stake Coun. Telitha J. Helm spoke with power; exhorted the mothers to inculcate good .' : ih mff-x- sk r-s- o rFn i aH ofT-thtir-childr- of Congress. so that when hod ies we can dom of God." rest nn all, the . S in t he1-- fa We should live pure Jives, we are called to lay down our rise crowned heir3 in the king--r God to , Asked'for the Spirit of branches of the Relief Society Tno-n- r B. 1 1 tJ3 in Zion. Sister Sarah A. Barnes, bore her testimony to the tru "If any one 01 . a -- knowledgeJbrlymEselyes you do not-ha- va that tiiis is the true kingdom of Pod, take Rook of Mormon trip Trtrtf.Irrt rtnri rViTTnnf and Biblejind study them carefully, and it is so plain anv one can have a knowledge, if they will seek with prayerful hearts. I feel that a large portion of the Spirit oi God has been with -- Jismvb Iiave heard-manyoottL- mu auu w should try t5 remember them and put them in in rptvard to hnnjrinir nrnMinn TKa Asked up our children is good and from God. God to bles3 us and help us to do right. nnl . n . .. v -- f ; own-wishes- A -- "You should teach them to be pure,1 virtuous and chaste, events our Father in heaven and His son Jesus Christ are. Should we curse our enemies? No: we should pray for them; as Jesus said, when nailed to the cross "Oh, God ! - wrgive tnem, tor tney kuow. uui .wnat-mc- ) the missionaries jlo." We should pray for 7 who are laboring for the work of God, and -- v j rinciptesinthe bosoms 1 - w And I a heavy interim w occupy. In" Portia we find the most intelligent and intellectual woman that Shakespeare has created. In Desdemona a creature fitted only to grace a position of affection and dependence. W hi le in Portia we "find tenderness and womanly affection to a high degree, it is temDesdemona s pered by her pride and reason. reason is not great; and her pride is as notht ing, for Brabantio tells us: 7" In spite of nature, of years of )untry credit every thing," she fell i n love: with wlat she feared to look upon. To her love came a3 tor merdu ties-ana vhtriwind. sweeping-a- ll principles from her path; carrying her beyond the love and obedience; to her father, and lay-in"- " in waste the condemnation of customs, the sneers of enemies, the counsel of friends, every- her thoughtr thiu, that she might consecrate .1 , and life to4he rooon.,. as a summer came lo breeze, To Portia ve only j . By his dear absence; support Let me go with him." , 4- . "u tteTingftly-herHieartstringswayi- her ng thoughts to the rythmatic tune of hope; rippling the surface of her: calmer actions; sugand gesting a treason id her father's wishes; ; ' shows how hard it would, have been to substi tute Portia's words of, "O love, despatch all business, and be gonei'V. hu?- How difficult for hereto hayetri band as did Portia; to have received that ring with Bassanio s words, v- ... - . "Alasl it is a trifle; ri this," -- -- ; as indifferently as did Portia. She very likely would have sought in some timid w?ay to at-- ' tract his. attention and perhaps cried when she found he treated a gift trdhiTher so lmhTly. And rortm, with ner strength and indepejid- - ence begging to an unreasonable husband ''Kill me w, let me live to-nig- would certainly be a strange picture We can paint her a3 being far more apt to calmly wave him aside, while-- he deliberately went for assistance, leaving him to digest a few bitter, well chosen words. r And as we have noted a diffefence in charac- -- 