J -- WOMAN'S EXPONENT . nacle with it5 wonderful organ, and Pres. Young's Grave. are the chief points of interest but, there are others too and the stranger always dwells in admiration on our lovely homes, our shady streets, rourJucious frullSJand ourlilelightful climateThF gates are - ever open and whether the stranger cpmes to remain or only for a flying visit there is always a welcome awaiting him-.- 63 1 -- -- ON THE WAY. -- A If you could see how long a distance I have -- been, you would not wonder that I had not writtenr ' jlensityJtis tions precisely when these two condiare fulfilled that the phenomenon ofhe mirage occurs. On. such days ships rise instead of descend-in- The team is now here and we start in a few miles ride. We minutes for Panguitch, forty-fiv- e held no meetings In Minersville, Sisier Snow stopped one day to rest. next, with the Sisters. Pres. Murdock was there.alsoat Greenville; we had many good meet-ingthey are small places but alive to their duties It poureddown with rain as we at 3 p. ra., but we got to Beaver before nt to meet sunset, distance 18 miles. Sunday-weing, Monday Sisters, Conference all day, a very entered-Greenvill- r'Zir'r'.:'F77.:. good time. : - In the evening the Y. L. and Y. M. I. Conference also a house full and such lovely singing and some of the most beautiful girls I ever saw in any It J Ihave not seen a is very healthy, feeble looking child; the aged are mostly the sufferWe have attended twelve ers. meetings including the Young Ladies' and Pri maries; the children have all done very well;' Tuesday. I am at Pres. Murdock's. The Stake President Sister Howd goes with us to Panguitch. Sister---Sno- w has attended all the meetings here, her wrist is some lame, that is the worst feature from - , that fearful fall. God is very good, all has been done for us that . it was possible to do. We stopped 6he night with Sister R. W.' Tyler, had a eood i! they; recede. perceireTt-byirecrvisibnit- Asthe jv - ors Ib-sail- A FALSE; STEP. Perhaps you have made a false step, and have lost hope in consequence. the, evil done. Don't fancy that everybody is talking about it. People have plenty to think about, and they will not be interested in you .YlTXjQP-g"JTryagaliL" CJhoose.a. new. path, and cut down the briers, and subdue the obstacles. which, after all,are only there to test your strength. You will be happv in doing this, and you will be respected by all the other plo.dders In their respective pathways. Try to keep the sunshine ever above you, and. the North Star ahead of you, then cheerfulness and good will be your companions, and in time you will reach the top, or be a recog nized hero or heroine. Success in life depends upon industry and a determination to succeed. We should be hopefuIr for Hope never ruined any sent :iMnyTa"pow'"sbu to its grave. "It is better to rub than .rust i is better to hope than pine," the poet says. "Character is like cloth, if white it can be dyed black ; but once blackened, it cannot be dyed ' - v white. ' J' Mattie W. You-probab- s, place. as- - horizon is a ship is finally seen- above the horizon as if it were suspended in sthe air. It is the famous 'phantom "sh ip; familiar TTiTible ship in" iTs natural, upright position. If atmospheric conditions were favorable, a second ship would be seen above the first, etc. Certain mariners worthy of credence have assured me that they have seen as many as seven superposed ships." , r measure - . - - -- -- e, ly xaggerate ! - in be t ween t wo rows of freigh t cars.""The car is lull and I have as a. seat mate a geutleman who has traveled all night coming from Chiciigofhe is sleeping and I have no one to lei m e abou t the eou n ( ryZ-iZLZz:.- : Syracuse 12.15. Twenty mintites for dinner. I have my lunch and eat it on the. train as do some" others. I see by the sign that it is 130 miles to Schenectady. Syracuse is a large city but there is little to be seen from the depot, and one cannot tell much about people and places on so slight an acquaintance. I can look into the dining room and see the people eating. - Col laml waiters-- " are passi ng fitra Some ladies are walking on the platform dressed in lovely costumes. As we start out 'we pass through what appears to be MainJ Street. On each side are very nighP brick 1 houses, and a continuous line of stores, millinery shops, business houses and churches. .Near the suburbs stands '1 Wards Temperance Hotel." It looks small and poorly patronized. . Out in the country, we passjarge hop farms. Oneida 1.20 p. m. There is a beautiful lawn around the depot and the word Oneida lajd'in white cobble stones. Rome, 1.55. Here people Jvcrowd on the train, more than there are seats for. The weather is hot. My neighbor gives his seat to a lady. . Utica, 2 20. Here several people leave the -- train. 3.15. Weare traveling through Herkimer Co., celebrated for its large dairies. Through the valley of the Mohawk River. It is a -- beau t ifu 1 count . C h a nge ca rsa t Sehen e ry etady ,:: Caldwell ticket where they tell me to getting a all have will to stay I night and go down the lake on a steamboat in the morning to Balton. I meeta pleasant young lady who is goitg to Caldwell and tells me something about the route and what hotel to stay at in Caldwell. The face of the country changes. Ballstown seems hurried in hills and woods. Saritoga. Change cars, waiting about half LEAVES FROM MY JOURNAL. anliour. Hererat 'the "depot is the PUriiiMr States Hotel," the largest house I think ever BY M. J. TANNER. saw. The two sides which we see from the platformreacb I Continued.' the road to the corner and find that it extends Monday June 15, 1885. Out again: How along the tbwd side of th& block. I am afraid I love to travel: It seems to infuse fresh vigor to take time to explore any farther. Many in my life. Everything is new and novel, and people get off here for it is a famous resort for there is an excitement in it that is very fasci the world of fashion and must no doubt allure nating. 1 he country is pleasaut and the many adventurers. I think I should not like houses we to stay here. We travel on and change cars scenery constantly ehanging-Th- e pass are all, built of frame and painted white. at Fort Edward where I part with my The 'country grows more hilly anoT The latest style is trimmed with red. HeTellneagreen and a d thicker woodecfas we go on. one. Many houses are poor looking and have Glens FallsCaldwell. Here is the end of no paint. On, on we go, past farms and sta the road, for we are at the head of the beautiful tions. Here the land is rocky. Large piles of and far famed Lake George, and twilight is stones are scattered about where they have been gathering around us. A steamboat stands at gathered from off the land, and" grass and the landing which connects with depot but it weeds form a border; around them. It 19 in will not go until morning.! It is 8 oclock and teresting to see the people who get on the train I turn Jo go toward the cab stand after getting at .different towns. Cousin Lmily and I were 1 the - abovei informational see - a big, burly r weighed while waiting at the depot. I weighed pleasant looKing man in an 01a ieit na v 100k- 8 117 lbs. Gained about lbs., nnce leaving jng something after the fashion of the boys hats home. at home, with the rim lapped down, holding a More 10 m. like a the Rochester, eastern whip in his hand. I take him for a cabby and cities judging by the depot. Thickly settled, ask which cab will "take me to the American highznouses, eoveredclepot, buildings all of JIotel. jHe says he does not know, and I pas3 brick. I am so busy taking notes that I do on. I wish I had asked him if he knows anynot notice that everyrone has left the car unone by the name of Putney. Still it would be til a man tells me that I must change car3 here. useless as they will not expect me until I reach I look around and see that I am the only perBalton where they will be sure to meet me toson left, gather up my things in haste and get morrow, But Oh, how I do hate to stop at a' onrTdther car W Hotira mongtra in looking over niy belongings find that I have diffident away off here alone. If the boat had left my parasol. It is too late to get it now for only gone down tonight how nice it would the car is moving. lH)inmtwtakenrjut- - my have been. -- However there is no time now . j -- canvass tor tne exponent wnerever we go, from J ". place to place. Your Loving Sister, ' , ' Z. Beaver City, Aug. 14th 1889., D.' ll. Young. THE CAUSE OF MIRAGE. - com-panio- n. olive-gree- n Emi 'Th ereare i days on which, in certain weather, and despite the curvature of the earth, the distance of visibility is doubled, or more than doubled. This n phenomenon is explained to us by a law of physics. If we throw a coin into an empty vessel, it will be bidden by the edge of the latter, .at a certain distance; but if we fill the vessel with water, ther coin will become visible. - We have here a case of refraction, such as is explained in well-know- -- elementary works of physics. Every one also knows the theory of the mirage put forth by the celebrated Monge, who explained the phenomenon as due to the diminution of the air's density in contact with the super-heateearth, k contrary will the explain theory mirage at sea. .While the sun is making the atmosphere intensely hot, the sea and the strata of air in contact therewith remain relatively cold, and these strata become su perposed in the order of their density. A luminous fay emanating from the sea will pass from one stratum into another of less density,! there will be a refraction, and an object beneath , the horizon will be seen above it This theory note book and pencil. two to a v Near Lyons, pleasant! situated on a hill, is supposes conditions, wit, heating of the while the sea and the a large brick building which is pointed out to earth remain atmosphere, relatively cold, and a calmness of it to permit its me as an asylum for idiots. And here kLvons. strata to become superposed in the order of their 11, a. m., of which little can be eeen as we run d . slate-colore- -- -- for-regre- ! ' imist hasten to secure a cab before tjiey are gone. It would not be pleasant walking through town in search of a hotel. I reach the line of cabs and ask for the .American Hotel. A cabby take3 my gatchel and seats ts, 