W G M AN G3 Woman's Exponent. 9 EXP 0 NEN.T. S be positive proof that suffrage in that' Territory it unti there was who Mrs. Argyle possible, has been a success in the past, and the Congress caused the death,. oLherbabe; theseare cases "of the "United States will have an opportunity of well known to the- - public. The Courts'in Utahn considering a question of vital importance to the can already do such things as these and yet. it is women of the nation. not enough, to satisfy the Commission. Besides cases of this kind when one thinks of The Utah Woman's Suffrage Associations will the homes broken up, the women and children hold a Convention, in the Salt Lake Assembly'-Hal- l in this City on Monday, October 7, at 2 p who have gone into exile: to escape the indelicate questions and merciless proceedings of the Courts, m. Delegates from each of the organizations in and their deputies and aidsfthe privation and the Territory have been officially notified and are hardships consequent thereupon, and the. many expected to be present and take part-iAddresses will be made by prominent deaths of women and children that have directly or indirectly, been caused by the harsh methods speakersAll members of the Associations in ; used by men, who have had the power to enforce the cityorcountryreniost cordially invited, and mind almost of distress the Edmunds also airmen and "women interested in the sul the law,and ' worse than death of others; who have seemingly ject. conor more the never regarded any feelings On Thursday evening October 26, the writer dition of Mormon women, than thev would so had the pleasure of meeting with Sir Julian and many animals; when one reflects upon these proLady Goldschmidf at the residence of Mr. and ceedings in the past and knows the results, and . M rs.-B. ID ougal 1 in this ci ty w h e re a fe w is desired men still more that considers by then ladies and gentlemen, Mrs. Zina D. H. Young rightherein Utah who know all these facts, one among the number had been invited to meet these wonders what manner of men these commissiondistinguished people who". are on" a visit to ers are; they must belong to the class spoken of America. Sir Julian Goldschmidt is a Baronpr. "a natural affection," or in the Scriptures-"withou- t member of the House of Lords of the Parliament destitute of that feeling of philanthropy, that ofjGreatBritain. Lady Goldschmidt herself is characterizes the greater portion of mankindran Italian born in Florence and devotedly attached In addition to increasing the term of imprisonto her mother country; though she seems to have ment for men they recommend that sentence to a profound adoration for her illustrious "Lord hard labor be imposed also that they may not and husband. She is a graceful figure polished spend the time of their confinement "in idleness in manners, and' charming in conversation; she and in the glorification of their supposed martyr has the ease and elegance of the true lady, with-ofrom this that the "Mormons'' It . EMMELl.E. D. Editor. WELLS, tti Salt Lake City, Utaji Terms? Published ne copy one year.'Sl.oO; one copy six months, 50 eta. No eduction made for clubs- .- City papers delivered, by mail, xtra for postage one year, 25 eta. .Each square, ten toes of nonpareil Advertising' rate A liberal discount ipace, one time, HZQ; per mouth, J3.00. .o regular advertisers." Exponent office, No. 25 E South Temple Street,Jecond from 10 gate east of Deseret News Office. Business hours ' ' ' to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. -1 - ; AM. ill business wmmunications ... PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, Q ' Salt Lake City. Utah. ; - semi-monthl- . -- ' a-- m to---- f-- n , -- Entered at the Tost Office in Salt Ixtke City, Utah, as ' ' Second 'Ctast Matter. , Salt October i, Lake City,. . 1889. NOTICE. l Conference of the The Sixtieth Latter-day Church of Jesus Christ of Saints; will commence at 10 o'clock, on Friday morning, October 4th, ioS9, in the --Tabernacle, Salt Lake Semi-Annua- City. ( The officers and members of the Church are cordially invited to be present at the meetings. - - " - WlLFORD W.OODRUFF, George Q. Cannon, . ut dom" First Presidency. RELIEF SOCIETY CONFERENCE. Conference of the Relief The first Society of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints will be held in the Salt Lake Assembly October 7th, Hall, Salt Lake City, Semi-Annu- - W.. al y ..' 1 commencing at 10 a. m. Acordial invitation is extended' fo the Stake Presidents of the Relief Society and all officers and members thereof, and also the brethren to at tend the meetings. Zina D. H. Young, . appears even in prison are too happy to suit their wishes. They would 'also have them excluded from; making location and settlement upon public lands, and further that "the laws with reference to immigration shall be so amended as to prevent the immigration of persons claiming their religion justified the crime of polygamy;" andmore over the Constitution should be amended so as to further prohibit the practice of polygamy." ITruly ..these commissioners must have been .magnanimously disposed when they devised a scheme td inflict if possible still more severe punishment for religious belief. Is it not the. - - a when -- any of the ostentation and arrogance that sometimes characterizes the nobility of England -and other lands. She seemed rather proud of being the mother of eight daughters, and spoke of her home and housekeeping with matronly importance. Lady Goldschmidt however scorns the very idea of woman's suffrage or even sneaking in public, and gave the same sorj of reasons that are constantly being used by its opponents. And 7et he. deP.rec.ate.d tne flirting and. coquetting of women "in the best society" where refinement and delicacy such as she alluded to are supposed to prevail. The Lady is an accomplishedj musiciatrand t!roflgh7s'hT"nTyIaye"VlhtIe' selection that evening her whole soul seemed to ' Daniel was not allowed to pray to God be in it. We were told she was a fine President. singer aqd Then the Presidents and Princes assembled tomuch not Jane S. Richards, very but regretted she dehearing, her, and concocted a scheme whereby the gether clared she did not remember one whole verse of Bathsheba W. Smith, King should make an inexorable law, that Daniel, . Counselors, any of her- songs; ziz'rz:zz:j.:::2: should be caughr in the sjiare. BXttJhat plot did not succeed, and the God of Israel is as MORE SEVERE MEASURES. able to deliver his people in this day as He was to A GOLDEN WEDDING. deliver Daniel; and the Latter-da- y Saints do The report of the Utah Commission as it apMr. and Mrs. George Goddard celebratedktheir nd a the in are not afraid, expect to Gospel rejoice pears in the telegrams from Washinghton, ismuch obey the law, and wherever any infringement wedding anniversary after fifty years, on Wednes'I -i1 rrl J:.l u s e re lonlumi loiure. mesecommis au,t day September 10, 1889, at their residence in this upon the law is found, men are brought before the ersmake several hew and startling recommenda court and sentenced All the persecution that city. The fiftieth anniversary is an event but comtions. They feel in duty bound to urge upon can be brought to bear cannot kill out beliefj the paratively few have the opportunity of enjoying. Congress still more stringent methods of putting history of the ages repeats- - over and over On this propitious occasion there were again present a stop to the practice of polygamy, and to do this thelf children and grandchildren something over this truth. Surely this people can with propriety would have"the terms of imprisonment for unlawnuy m an ana a lew intimate friends. The affair ful cohabitation extended to at last two years was somewhat informal, though toasts were read the report of the Utah Commission. given for the first acd three years forrthe second ofand responded too, congratulations offered and "Man's inhumanity to man ; fense ;" and in addition to this inhumane'recommen-datior- i, Mr. Hyrum Goddard in behalf of his brothers and Makes cbnntless thousands mourn,-- . ". also to women they propose punish though" sisters in a happy manner and with an aDDroDriate have not stated the extent the term they just and affectionate address made the pf presentation to 'for imprisonment leaving so much to the discretion EDITORIAL NOTES. the father and to the mother each, of this large of Congress. The pain and suffering and sorrow a gold watch suitably family engraved. This already entailed upon the women and children in - Notes of the Cceur d' Alene country, and our called forth a" response from the, parents, on the this Territory, does not seem to have had any visit, will appear in next issue. mother's part quite affecting. ; Bishop Millen effect upon them; women have already -- been apd wife were present and nresentrf thP The Territorial Fair will opeti October 2. at 12 punished for not testifying against themselves (or bride and bridegroom,each, witli a m., with music, by the band, prayer by Bishop O. gold pen a very men iiuiuauuj; wihuu is ine same ining.j F. Whitney and an address by Governor A. L, HiuptKtie gr, wun wnich they 'rnny point a ' to the : Aji moral or paint a tale," as Thomas.. The Fair will be formally opened after they must have material under the Edmund's Penitentiary law, and whose the music and for either in the exercises by Bishop John R. experienceof the long years they babe was born immediately after; then Belle have lived President the of together. Other presents of value were Society. Harris separated from one little child took her Wrinder, ' " but friends are not estimated by gold values babe with her to prison, Nellie White who was The l Constitution which the Wyoming Cbnven.r give, but the intrinsic worth of true hearts and of this, in a very delicate condition; waralso kepf there tion have introduced and which is to be presented these good people have anlabundance.Music,-singing, awMtinglhjikaimr to Congress at its next sessiotf, accords and feasting as well as conversation equal Grand Jury which they held over as long as political rights to men and women. This should characterized the gathering and doubtless this , I J- - " ' 1 . . At-wo- od i. - s ..v. z 