WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 150 basing their decision upon the false ''assumption Beaver1 Co., with Mrs. S. C. Maeser as First, that Congress had never delegated to the terriIda "Marshall foeeond, and M. A. lanner as tories the right to define the status of their dvn Third F. .Mansfield, Corres- voters; ana, jpuuuiug oecit lary, iura. ai. uouuson, oecretary, 1, a blow at the A,- worth Assistant Secretary and M. fundamental powersof the .United States Dell, Treasurer, Saralj The Executive Committee is as follows: E. laws delegated to the territories J. Bennett, Chairman, Harriet Farnsworth,-Mar- y "by Hie Organic Act of 1852, which vests in the Legislatures the power to prescribe their Fernley, Annie. Gunn, Stella Barton and s qualifications for voting and holding office with ,A.vCannon. A. committee to draft was elected. While the committee was out, state governments which limit legislative enact-men' " Mrs. Farns worth addressed the meeting.. " by constitutions of their Own making; thus there- setting at naught the will of the - people; WIS. FAKN9WORTH 8 SPEECH. - mmced her political campaign; since then she has been made the President or the National Woman Suffrage Association. She is a ladv orffrand'capabilities and has broughTTabout many good results by her indefatigable energy. Her life and its noble example is too lengthy to more than simply touch on; she is the only lady in the United States that was ever put up as delegate to Congress; of. course she was defeated, yet that is nothing here nor there. As a girl in her father's law office, she was often heard to exclaim: "Why this distinction be- tween the sexes? My father, though an honor- , Vice-pre3ident,:- .WiiEitEASr-Tlais-xJeciioa-strik- es W-Fa- -- rns r . By-law- ts . ""ForeT ' Resolved,. j - 4 - f" .. l suppose, ladies, we are all aware of the obearnestly and respectfully- petition Congress that in passing an enabling act ject of the present meeting, the causes which Politics are someor acts for the admission of the territories of bring us together thing foreign to woman s past association, yet Washington, Dakota, Montana, Idaho, or New in our city, at least, we hope to ere long better Mexico, or any of them, there be incorporated a clause allowing women tqjyjfor delegateslol understand and comprehend -- their usesrand Jheir,state constitutional conventions, and at the the broad provisions their universal rights give election for the adoption of the constitution in to every citizen. The meaning of Politics 13 the science of the science of govevery territory where the territorial legislature has ernment is the government, laws, regulations and principles passed a law providing that women may vote, and "which control the acts and'eonduct of a peo- such a law has not been repealed by subsequent; ' Z pie. . territorial legislation! i Woman's Suffrage Js nothing - new in the Whereas, In the year 1873 our leader, Susan world, it being half a century since Mxs. B. Anthony," was deprived of the right of trial by Francis Wright of England, first introduced jury, by a judge of the Supreme Court of the the question in America, soon after Ernestine United States, simply because she was a woman, L. Ross, of Poland, made her, advent in our it is the duty of all women to resent the insult country; since that time it has gradually gained thus offered to all womanhood, and demand of the,. ground, yet its growth has been slow; battling-witthis of of men constitution of closing century bigotry and con3jatismjeyerjr stej of infamousr such condemnation this government lhewayrrts"lraveTs "havebeen long, tedfous ; Ward Hunt as shall teach the and not always : victorious, yet its defeats decision coming generation of voters that the welfare? of have all left their effects. Every art and the republic demands that women be protected science, of the world, also innovations of every with in men the exercise of citizenship, name and nature, have met rwith barriers and equally ' ' had to outlive prejudices among men to and, Whereas, In the great Centennial Celebration thoroughly and permanently establish themof 1876,, women were denied all participation in selves... Since the Romans invaded Britain hundreds the public proceedings commemorating the birth of years since, woman's elevation has year after f the De clam year gained strength; in those dark ages she sought earnestly and respectfully to declare their sentiments of loyalty to the great principles of waslreated simply as alave, girlsbeing conliberty and responsibility there ' enunciated, sidered far inferior to boys,, and none but the inthey should now demand official, recognition by priestsl)r high officials were allowed to be in reading and writing. I thank God Congress and the State Legislature on all the structed Boards of Commissioners, which, at the publia I did not live in those barbaric times. Ladies, before I proceed further with my expense, are to initiate and carry, out the august speech or lecture, I; wish to tell you plainly the ceremonials of the coming Constitutional Cele 1 am a friend of take here bration in New York, April, 1SS9, to the end that position I which, comprises men and women; taxation without representation shall no longer be humanity, they are inseparable; the one is dependent uu acknowledged a just and constitutional policy in the other; neither alone can form a perfect ihbre' home community-o-r natiomwe do thiFgovernmejnt nominally of the not wishrto . ; fore, take any of the rights or laurels from men in Resolved That a Committee be appointed by this undertaking. WereA acting or speaking the National W. S A. to memoralize Congress for personal aggrandizement, for individual on this subject, and to take such other action as liberties and honor,wou id not raise a finger shall bring before the enlightened manhood of nor allow my voice tobe Jieard in public. My our country-thei'r-dof chivalry- - no less-tha- n own domestic circle provides ample scope for, in this matter. all important justice I possess, surrounded with the of enfranT Where AsThe question wmans necessaries of life, a loving, kind husband, who" chisement is fundamental and of paramount im- - regards me as his equal; I am sheltered in his confidence and - encircled by bright, precious portance, therefore, babes. Uod ha3 been kind indeed to me. And Resofoed, That while the National Woman Suf . as Association welcomes m a iormer essay j.r 1nave told you woman s and claims the supfrage true sphere b the home, her noblest, her grand- port of persons of all parties and beliefs, it desires to strongly reassert the position which it has held est position that of. wife and mother, yet, Twill . "further qualify: this assertion af in occupying of being - That ,- -.- able - , h ' of-Jud- ge . -- to-da- y. jIe r uty the-ab'ili- ty . non-partisa- n. .WOMAN ihseT"PacGfficiatin can to other SUFFRAGE ASSOCIATION justice professions, the simple fact of her acting in her home circle, 13 ho TCMOnJ!hy she should not in any other lawful loving always repining were only a boy.' " you parent,-i- s nTationTI nlalr"oft Russia, TnTGermany, Nor-waSweden and v Denmark, in act all over of a arefeelinghe" Europhey affairs. in They have change governmental the support of many great, good men. Rig. mark is opposed, to woman's enfranchisement. yet the Emperor Frederick was a strong advocate of it. Queen Victoria is not in sympathy with this movement. This is the only'unqueehly principle I have ever heard she possessed. Gladstone, John Stuart Mills, Sidney Smith and Lord Mansfield are, or were, the women's true friends.' I cannot do ray subject justice, ladies, I am not educated sufficiently, yet heaven will aid every just and noble cause, and we wish Jo. gain nothing that is not founded on truth, integrity and liberality. We seek not to "convince by any other than souud logic and worthy reason. Susan B. Anthony, when, a girl of fifteen, taught a district school. The directors of the school ,said she taught the best disciplined school in the county, yet, because she was a girl, paid her twelve dollars, and men teachers and thirty dollars a month. twenty-fou- r In the large manufacturing cities many have to stand from' twelve to fourteen hours a Jay, do equal work' with men and receive only half, the wages. While in San Francisco, two years ago, we visited a Chinese shoe factory, owned by a gentlemanly Japanese. He showed us through the establishment, and there among fair 185 of those filthy heathens twenty-fiv- e same as white girls were employed just Chinamen. Girls, for there are some present let not your only aim injife be to get a husband; study to learn to be of some use in the world; place your standard of womanhood , We have '. high. among the; truly eminent women many who lived a single life rather than marry one un worthy of them. Henry Ward xseeeher once refused to speak after a woman advocate of woman- - enfranchisement the beautiful, talented and highly accomplished Annie E. Dickenson. She had lectured in the Coopers' Institute, N. Y,, and Beecher was called for loudly. "No," said he, "let no man raise his voice after such heaveninspire"dloquencer y, -- -- te 7 to-da- y, : Were women enfranchised the moral stand ard of society would be vastly improved, for women would not, as a rule, from choice lead anv but moral livfta. Thousands, ves. tens of thousands of women are thrown "on their own by law, in gaining equal wages and positions. What woman: when taken Jn court or before a jurywould not rather be examined by.refined, -- On Siturdav at 2 n m Foh in i,w meetinjr of the ladies of Beaver Count v was held in the meeting house, for the purpose-oorganizing a Woman Huifrage Association. Upon motion Mrs. E. J, Benftett was elected a in this way: 'If 1 his question or woman s suffrage is agitating the mind3 of the women of almost every to-da- y. -- iudge,-- divisioiirTntheT in f p1 1 family tor the wife to have a voice in the body and coarse The injustice of women not hav- Wlil not Where 13 the hus- - ing a voice in the government of our country, 7 loveiand admire an. is not yet thoroughly understood. Girls should 1 wife? Where are the study law. A few years ago Old Harvard intelligent chairman and Mrs. Hettie Gentry, secretary. children who do not respect and re v.erence an would not allowgirls to enter the college, but Prayer was offered by Mrs. R. W. Tyler. Tho ab e, competent mother, who can not of late they have ' been admitted and have; only prochair then stated the object of the convention , vide tor their physical-wantsbut also advise, made bright records to the annex. America and the different officii to bo filled. Mrs, J, mstraict and guide them in an intellectual has riroduced ladv law vers, doctors, teachers P.M. Farns worth was there-upoelected flfld Way rrfPaaana- -o cKa Viaa - cdiilntnro rOintprS flJ juuu3ijui.5-euMa's . the AVmau j ' rt ' iaiuj r ogmjuwis, It was m E 1 1 self-relia- nt k n Sufrrage-Atteiation- -of Presi-.jdent- of J Wlr3. ' ' z ' - .- -- 