m WOMAN'S EXPONENT. THANK GOD. ' ' Thank God for Tears, whichas the genial rain "Refreshes earth, so rests the weary brain; I? r i a h 1 , hli t f pri pa r s , n L Otriad n p nr. ncr O f nature bringing quick relief. To .1 ' And thing- - Tliank God for Love, the purest, holiest Which blesses eartti, or hope or bliss can bring; "Dear friendship's smile,"affction's tender And all the sweetness which to Love is known. Early in ,the niornihg the party of a dozen tone,"" rr"V Oh thank, and praise Him ! 'for the sacred Light Of Truth, to guide our drifting souls aright; ,;', By which all tests may safely be withstood for all beautiful and God Thank good! things ...... LULA. .THAT-LULLAB- hear her sing, ! little mine Dear mother Back and forward the rockers swing, Deep in my heart the words entwine, "O, Bye low baby bye'' ' Bye low I can bye,' fires 7 for the days, when in her arms, ' Sooth 'd by that lullaby, , JSafe from the world and all its Rocked to test, on mother's breast, I heard that '.bye low bye !' .. une 2, 1889. ""' 1 disturbing elements in all the world; two men are busy making preparations for our xorning. We unloaded some dhtancjaway as it would have been, impossible to drive nearer and the provisions etc., were put in a skiffand some of to tlu riqrtir sl.ii u'nt. in tl.tVhnni- T nreff-rrewalk even "at" the riskof crossing difficult places u J ... UI1U IUC .1 'S:- IL'ttiU U .1. IT. 'UllUl UUV 1)11 UVVl the across at indeed and lookiug it Wits lovely till cotton woods and verv old pines all the way up the high mountain side reminded one of those immortal lines. - -- -- 1 - 1 " This is the forest primeval; : The murmuring pines and the hemlocks Bearded with moss, and in garments green." 11 ; T" -- The view was most inspiring but we were a party and one is expected on such occasions to be social and liot sentimental," to join in the conversation and help amuse and entertain. One or two of the ladies and gentlemen took the fishing rods to try their luck, and one of the young ladies marched up the river with a gun, followed by a slender,genteel young man, just from New York City, whom the gentlemen Hammocks designated as a "tenderfoot. were swung, magazines brought out and the rest of us were left to follow our own inclinathe company was composed of tions, aud-- as men of mi !itary.iame. and legal ability, the ladies were glad to listen. There were two Majors a Colonel and a General; three or four lawyers and a Judge and of cvjurse others equally brilliant if not titled. "andapretentiOTi7iuartzmiIl "running" briskly with a good supply of water, and farther up the mountain stream we were told was a good substantial saw mill, in working order, This was once, only "a short time agof the prosperous It was soon time for refreshments however, town of Osborne; and a mile or more further and a fire was kindled in the middle of a pile on was Eagle where in the Spring of 1884 of rocks; and fish was fried and coffee made and there were 6,000 people. It is now a deserted the cloth the guests gathered spread, and ' hamlet witlu only., a few families; there : are partaking wnn a rensn ine tempting several such deserted places round about here. arountl, viands. The Eagle river supplies water for the mills, Afterwards we gathered wild flowers, ferns and other purposes and is a pretty winding and boughs of evergreen, and as the sky mountain stream, uiaKing. a unarming variety darkened we began to think of turning our in the scenery. Occasionally we were told that faces homeward. The horses were harnessed the road was much more picturesque before the the things put into the boat and we wended our recent fires, which have been very fierce and way across the' rough places after bidding goodterrible, though along this road there had been bye to the General &hd Mrs. more of what is termed back fires, running up Yickors, who remained at;:the camp, having me mountain on tne omer siae ana aown on few days hunting and gone down there for a fires do so and not rage fiercely running fishing. Before we started the rain was pourthis, downward as when climbing upward. we were - reallv unprepared, as the ing, and . . t There is still what the Westemermuld-cal- L ii naa ueen" nut laoies nau nne, ine very "a smart sprinkle" of pine trees and shrubbery morning the use of the men s hunting coats and what black trees the fallen and stumps though parasols had been taken out were put to good burned to cinders are not altogether hidden but a sorry sight we were to gaze upon. here and there is the mountain ash with' its rich 'use; We were all glad oLtbe rain nevertheltss, and clusters of bright red berries, and EIder4bushes hoped it would effectually extinguish the fires, covered with the ripe luscious that were still burning in places on the these diversified the. scenery. clo wnaFthe roots of many Mountains There are many spruce and fir trees among trees; but as we came towards home we saw the pines, wi th a fe- w- hem locks and - 0 th er two tall trees blazing fiercely though the rain V"e varieties, but it is almost entirely a forest of jva3 pouring torrents. felt; sure the which the wind sings flames could not hold out long and so comdark tall soft lullabies, and anon sighs mournfully, as a forted ounelves and drove on. The party fu neral requ i em for the dead , th en perh aps were all in fine it had " spiHtsrerryTCrowd; shrieks, moans, cries piteously,- or changing been a most delightful day for the writermeet- again fairly howling in majestic fierceness. new people; seeing new piaces, utanug But notwithstanding the tong of the pines so mg stories well told, and listening to the good delightfully sympathetic we journey on for the music of nature's voices, and quietly communirrher-minMajor by whose side I am sitting iiyery loqua- - ing and forming--picture- s to be i has and an cious, agreeable, deep sonorous framed hereafter and eet in the halls 01 voice; and he tells me many interesting things memry:t: 01 iMexicoand other countnes "he" lias viiifed" and coming back to the present, of his "well-mad- e Murray, Idaho August 31, 18S9, scheme,'inow in progress of a bed rock flume, which matter I will not here explains this party is' a social affair and not an industrial Mrs. Allen Hamilto L a sister of Cocgress- enterprise. man Holmau, of Indi (na, who died recently After driving about ten miles we come to a Fort Wayne, beqi eathed $1,000 to: the. beautiful mountain river the North Fork of cause of 'woman suffta je, t he m 0 u ey 1 0 b e h 1 d the Cceur d'Alene and in a clearing a cam n is in trust by Mrs. Luc RtfiTift and Susan B. in sight; a lone fisherman on the rocks is Anthony. . . 1 WOODIXA. . at intervals of the terrible that have been devastating this beautiful - ! ' were-trac- es rcigon of country. The horses we're spirited and the ride with the woodland odors around us was refreshing. On and on we wound, up . 1 ' 11 m ana1 out, only occasionally ana aown, seeing a miner's log cabin until finally reaching an open glade, where there were a few dwellings :Uortg areTtfieajnclasrTTay"-Close to her heart so true. Beset by storms the thorny way, Many a cloud, and little blue Has shone across my sky, 77 Since bushed by that "bye low bye." ' wn there Sweet is the voice, as turtle dove, Crooning the song of mother-love- ; Told is a story, heard on high, In the artless words, of ' bye low bye." " e - Jj-'"- O -- 1 . By the large white tent sits a. young woman PICNIC IN THE WOODS. - , . on and on. -- and more left town in open vehicles and on horseback well equipped for fishi ng hunting and feasting; and all in a jolly good humor, on had- - been two 'or pleasure. bent, though-therthree disappointments, iroru- - cuuerent causes before starting, and one break down before we reached the foot of the first hill; but as the horses stopped when the wheel ran ff, and no one was hurt, cr even-throout it was looked upon as a; very lucky accident even if it did hinder us for a couple of hours. Up in this Northern Territory there is not too much sunshine even in August, and from there is still smoke iii the- - air. the recent-fire- s Our road lay .where the woods are almost con tinuous on both sides of the way though it winds" round and round- the mountains, yet . e 1 Thank God for Dreams, in which our loved ones come From kirer homes, and make less burthensome Life's weary longings, and its weight of care, Which we must carry till we join them there, I ' - " o'er-charge- d -- to the discomfiture of hauling. int the a.fish, much .... II I P T some.oL-inlauies.out toiany uuuaumg, usuea gladly as he approached; " ' trailing behind her on the floor A rolling ball of yarn, A half-kn-it sock in her hand the baby on her arm. . 5 elected. And-smile- ; THE BABY ON HER ARM. grey-haire- MRS. E. L. BALLARD. . 1 1 . . d ; Surrounded by an unbroken forest It stood a. cabin of the humblest type. Windows it had none, u wmjr uwi, iv nuuiii ngui ana sun, W ide open; a spinning-whee- l within And a cradle. She came and stood in the door And looked after his departing form, A half-spuroll in her hand, And trailing behind her on the floor The twisting, twirling thread of yarn. The wbeel in rnotiott the baby on her arm. . - n - Above their fellow-tree- s in the forest The spired forms of the hickory towered, Casting, as the purple evening closed around, Shapely shadows on the open - s; " - ground About the cabin. Shy birds chattered in the Bunched leaves, and the odor of scented roses Came out of the wilds. She came and stood in the door, v 1 and-dee- heat had Long since the noon-da- y Sapped up the Iushy essence of summer Morn; and where wet ferns bow and weep, . .& r.vA TMivKn.v .,IA jiijiiu naicu jjujt anu leap In the bi aided wilderness, the echoing song : 1 Of the thrush rang. And the sun on the cabin floor Short shadows cast. With cheek flushed and warm She came and gazed down the leafy aisle, Then passed through theopen door And out to the falling waters, An empty bucket in rher "hand the babyo nher arrnT 1 blue-berrie- 111 t Jir pines,-throu- gh - - d , " r 1 -- " 