WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 1U of-th- 'Deen organized in unio to erect a euapui, par- - at Lake bide, tfie summer lor and'dining-rooChautauqua, of that State. " It is one of the rules of Sqrojia that no one must act as president for more than three' vears. Mrs. M. Louise Thomas's third term expires this year, and th ere is much debate as o who shall.be her successor. m woman --sufFr a Cleveland f ther dav bv the employ O.V Company, . Of ,125 rae--i V t Ihe chanics who voted, 1 12 were, in favor. thirteen who opposed it are foreigners, unable to speak English. Shin-buildin- i3" - 1 ( Ex. We pray to Jhee, oh; Father, ' Tby'Spirit comfort send, For if we put our trust in Thee, Thou art our only friend; To comfort us in sorrow, , And the way Thou hast made plain, To claim our precious jewels, Aiidjl-tel- l wilhlliem.agairi. " ICmma L. Jenkins, .' Julia M. J esterson," Committee. morelikel "worth raising." of-th- e M ' : taken-- the-- :mjxtherr-- It era-w- as- -- s , -oft- e e J A-voto- - - A. W. C. T. TJ. Buildint? Association has - have been furnished before, but the meetings have not been -held, on account of 6ickness, until the present, AVe sadly miss these dear ones, When we to Primary come; Buthovv much greater' are they missed, L ; 'v. . liy their parents in their homes. graduates, jaa to their health before, during and after college, the health of their children, the number who had died, etc. Two points came out. clearly from these statistics: that the health girls generally improved at col 7lege7faen- - theyjd"notvertully;n(rthat the death-ratamong the children of college women-iremarkably low. v An educated woman knows better than an ignorant one hovT to care for her own health and that of her child. Again, the quality of the children has to be considered as' well aTthe quanlityrThF child pf an educated mother is likejy to be more intelligent that the diild of an ignoraut There are nearly three hundred women studying at the Cooper, Union Free Woman's Art School in New York. ' v - ll rr ' l- - OnIanuary3ix889,-aKut mnna tha trrnmart r r Goshen Utah MARY JANE CROSBY. " t 9:3o -- a:m.,'-at-her-residei- chusetts pay some millions of dollars in taxes eyery year, a portion- of the money raised by taxiug them might SpTpropriately"be applied to paying the clerks who registered them- - e An attempt was lately made in the London County Council to elect Sir ChaIes Dilke an alderman of London. There wa3 strong ob jection on account of his notorious morals. " When the caucus met; it was confronted with a protest signed by 1,500 ladies, and the name. I ! flka rloaiMaa .imnni. . Jesperson, Feb. 6, 1889. - - - -- ; SS5.00. TUITION, For further Information, address, .... DR. M. P. HUGHES, Salt Lake City, Utah. P. O. Box 575, Or for personal interview, at office, at 2 p.m., at Cor. of South Temple and First East Sts. ' com.. ' C. On February 4tb, 18S9j I will open a Training School for Nurses; the object beiDg to make educated nurses of women and girls, artd prepare them for competent work either in hospital or private practice, so that skilled service can be furnished and good pay demanded. The instruction will be similar to that of the Boston Training School, and will occupy a period ol three months. Those not prepared to enter at the beginning of the course, may do so later, and preceding lectures will be can also made up to them. Special arrangements " be made for obstetrical teaching. 4 - Co.,-Utah- , Training SclTool for Hurses rcer East BounuTul, Davis County, Utah, of lung disease and pneumoniaMary Jane, daughter of Samuel antf Mary Johnson, and wife of John K, Crosby, sen. Bom August of New York; "She leaves a 16, in Milfon,-Stat28, hust .d, four children, one son' and three daughters, and 15 grandchildren to mourn her'loss. The 'eceased was an active worker, and for many years was a counselor to President "Barlow, until the reorganiza-- r tion of the Relief Society of the East Bountiful Ward. She died a faithful Latter:day Saint, and in the hope of a glorious resurrection. Re quits cat in pace. lnaaa Lydia Nevada papers please copy, . - . jLWil 1 "JO- 40 ItVlU v WfJUii C5 Jjvn fcv RESOLUTIONS QE .RESPECT. audiences. In Tokio, the largest lecture hall in the .city was 'so crowded that the doors had to be closed half an hour before the meeting began, every inch of room being already occu- pied. Ramabai, of course, speaks through an interpreter. ; . i . HO.MAS following: Madame Carnot is being attacked by a J.rv for hfttnnnrV rpnpiwprl nf tVtct T?rartnYt " at the ElyseV the famous explorer, Madame Dieu afoy . in a divided skirt, or, as the opposi tion papers call it, in "the dress of a mam" This costume Madame Dieulafoy devised for ' herself when sunerintendini? the excavations Whereas, our Heavenly Father, in His infinite wisdom, has seen fit to remove from our midst to a higher sphere our worthy and beloved sister, Mary Rice, and. Whereas, the intimate relations held during a long," useful life by her, with the members of the Relief Society, makes it fitting that we record our appreciation of her, therefore, be it ........... Resolved,-Tha- t the Panaca Relief Society, deeply we, feel loss the and of one so loved, faithful and regret really esteemed, and feeF to extend our heart-fe- lt sympathy to the bereaved family and relations who are called upon to, part with an affectionate mother and friend, and with them acknowledge an Almighty God in our bereavement; end ; be it ";rResolved, That we recognize in the death of Sister Rice the loss of a dutiful arid faithful officer, and we look to that time when the graves will open and the spirit and body be again united, when the earth will be purified and become the home of the faithful Saints. Resolved, That a copy of these Resolutions be tendered the bereaved family; also that one be placed on our re. sec- - rn-As- a X . . 1 'made under the care of her husband and herself in Persia. The dres3 could not be mistaken for that of a man. It resembles more nf OriPn. thn full rnii!Prj fffirn tal nations. This garb, assumed first for working purposes, Madame Dieulafoy found so convenient and easv thatareturn to stays. jishV, fitting or decollet6 bodices, and long trains,, became intolerable, and she continues to wear, ' : it. Ex. cord.. -- .; Elizabeth Wads worth, Prest., Retail Special to the Ladies. - AT- and, - wards, Lillian Morgan, Nena Christenson, Eva Peterson, Nina Cantelen and mem- bers in,the AssociationJiright-anintelligent,-take- n irr the1 Dioom ot innocence; we can truly say they are ereatlr 7 missed at home and by the community, . Resolved, That we realize the loss we have sustained in their departure, and that we hereby extend our condolence and sympathy to their parents . and relatives, and in our united prayers as members of fherAssociation, ask God to bless and comfort them in their sorrow. ; ResQlved, That a copy pf these Resolutions be furnished t Lydk-Eacho-werft-i- -- : the parents, the Woman's Exponent, and that they are placed, upon .the records of the Association, which would TIES RIBBONS, COLLARS, r And an elegant assortmenf of GOODSand 2DK,1T rant's . . styles and pioductiona Special department for Ladies' Misses r fhl r- tV " latest IiAGES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, ' -;- TEASDEL'S - Will be found Whereas, we have been called to mourn the loss of so manyof our dear Primary children, viz.: Elizabeth Ed- . Any education that unfits women to be mothers, or men to be fathers, must be' condemned, of course. The mistake' lies in assuming that the higher education does unfit women to be mothers. A year or fvo since, the Association of Collegiate Alumme collected statistics from about 800 women college ; - other frontier Territories where woman suffiarre doe not prevail. It is probably accounted for by the fact that the settlers are largely youug married people, and that they lead a and however, hardy " rugged:inhte.Jlus evident, 1 , i i ri 'j i i woman tnai ji suurage (iocs uut prumoie ;oe increase of popuTatlonf it certainly does not - The Leading Resolutions of Respect to the memory of the departed children of the Primary Association pf Goshen, whoied in October and November of diphtheria: Whereas, in the providence of an alwise God, our little ones have been called from our midst by the hand of death, tEtfe' : EIPOEIIII !l SALT LAKE CITY. Eliza, Wads worth, Sec. bable tbat in good doctor's enthusiani for woman suffrage carried him a little too far; 4- - .." ' tf :- J for--wa- rd had lived in Wyoming and been chaplain to the Territorial LegisTature, published in the Eeligious Telescope a glowing account of the good effects of equality of rights for women. Among other things, he cited, the abundance ibutetLiteL of children in Wming, and-at- . jAu ' A few years ago, an excellent D. D., who preventtJEi."-----;--1-- Martha P. Hughes, M.D. We, the undersigned members of the Panaca Reh'ef Society, having been authorized to draft Resolutions of Respect to the memory of our beloved sister, Mary Rice, who departed this life Dec. io, 1888, beg leave to submit the Shoes." jtl 2,1 14 XDiVXID 1 In- - WEejrpUJStritL T-lvdlSS cSs CO., TINNERS CAS, WATER & STEAM FITTERS 9W Agent for RUMS E Y8 celebrated UFTaod FOH, E PUMPS. Pumpis Repaired on Shon notice. Orders in. bo the country promptly r"resp6uded "to. ' "JLiiitti. CAVIS JAU23. Bsx 33S, CA1I LAZE CXI7. - 