WOMAN'S "EXPONENT. 180 lie are certainly greatly indebted tor a very nne musical treat, to. the Tabernacle Choir and the of arrangements Messrs. E. Beesley,- - mund's Law. It is refreshing in view gf the mis representations so widely rirrnbtprigaincr-committe- e mon women, to find now and then one who is -filling to believe the facts as" they exist; and repeated on Friday evening as a sort of ovation to listen to the recital of their'side of the story from' Woman s hxpo NENT. Editor. EMMEEAE-JIt-WELL- St -- imblished . . jheDemrerejccursioiustsoatheirvisittoJhis. Tcrasr one copy one year, 2.00; one copy six months, 1.00. Ten .' ropies for the price of nine. Ad Ferllsing rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, S2.50; per month, 3.00. A liberul discount ,. to regular advertisers. 25 South So. office, E., Street,?eeond Temple Exponent pate east of Deseret News Office Business hours from 10 a.m to 6 p.m.'Terydnyi except 8uTidnyi' , Address all business communications' to city. theirwnyStandpoint.-Ve-heartil- , , EDITORIAL NOTES. " iT PUHLISHErrAN'EXrOKENTr - . Salt Lake Jf We have given considerable - space to the, speeches made at the Woman Suffrage Meeting in tne Assembly iiall in mis Lity on tne ntft, ot April, as it was a meeting of considerable import ance; the other speeches by Dr. Hughes, Mrs. Stanford, Hon. C. W. Penrose, Pres. Geo. Q. Cannon, and Mrs. Nellie Webber, will be given in fulLasrej)grted, in our next issue.' -- T"'i: City. Utah. ,... Entered at the JPost Office in Salt Lake City, Utah, as Second Clast Matter. r"'"" Mrs. Susie Y. Gates, "Homespun," is on her way home from the Sandwich Islands whither she, accompanied her husband, Elder Jacob Gates Jun., three years ago or more, when he was called to labor, there asaMissionary. Her husband and her mother Mrs. Lucy B. Young, are also returning home. They are crossing in a sailing vessel a new experience for Homespun, of which we shall doubtless hear an' interesting recital after her ar' ) Salt Lake City, May., i, 1889. ORGAN RECITAL. A grand free musical entertainment of a very high order was given in the large Tabernacle in this city on the evening of Monday 'April 15th, for; which careful preparation had been J previously "made. BisKop"'W. "B. Preston presided, and JBishpOsFVW! "Sentiments" from Mrs. Famsworth, President h i t n:eyjEredJhejDpniDgLpj:ayer Prof. Daynes opened with a solo on the great organ, and rendered in his. very best style, the "Pilgrims Song of Hope." JVloroni J. Thomas ''Nazareth" a bass solo r, Prof. RadclifFe opave snntr with thrilling effect "Bach's Tocata and Fague," and supplemented it with Batiste's grand offertoirer The great organ never poured, forth more soul stirring and sympathetic notes than on this momentous occasion when ten thousand people were intently listening spell bound, as it were, under the tremor of its most powerful and charming the clarionets symphonyi-Profren- tn RadclifTe on "organ 'peTfomcwltifImbsT in and skill delightful harmony a larghetto magic from Mozart's Quintette which was highly appreciated; Prof. Daynesjhen gave "William Tell" which elicited for him vociferous storms of applause. Willard Weihe the favorite vToTinisrof Utah, next came forward and gave a cavatina by Raff, and his instrument gave expression and .reJ sponse to the mostensHiyeandexaltedlfeelings of the human soul ; after repeated tempests of applause he gave as an encore "Away down upon the Swanee River," the audience were almost wild with "enthusiasm, Prof. Radcliffe gave in his lofty -- style of to Des Freis-chutzThis closed the first part of theprogrrme. The second part was as grand in style and as successful in rendition as the first and after a couple of organ solos and Beech's Triumphal March, there waja Whitney, Goddard: and Spencer, the song was that tender and beautiful one "When the swallows homeward fly," the gentlemen were so enthusiasthat they could not resist and tically applauded, ' in the sang as' an encore 'Soldiers farewell,same exquisite voice and manner. Afterwards followed instrumental solos from Prof. Radcliffe .. and Minor and Costa's sublime march of triumph -- ' 'Naaman," then Prof. "Kent accompanied by Weihe's orchestra, again thrilled "audience with their divine melody; Miss Bessie Deamvarmly welcomed, sang in hen exquisitely Mater." kaPPY of the Beaver County W. S. published in our editorial columns, should have been read at the Suffrage' meeting on the nth. but the time was fully occupied in speeches from thoselpreaent, .. , ... me . ., J, was inanaea to me aouress edi- "queuuy 1 1 g nave puD1,f ny tnrouSft the paper, lor;11 as it certainly deserves on its merits; Mrs. Farns- worth has taken;hold of the work with energy,and has manifested ability and efficiency .worthy of also has Mrs. C. E. Bean Presi commendation, dent of SevierfcCounty W. S. A. 1 -- fendering-Weber'svertu- re ." -- -- 1 the-immen- se the ana ''Evemng-Siarii-fr- oni d Tanh'auser and also 4,Wely's March." The :PoJLJladdiffe-xendere- closing part bylthe Tabernacle Choir organ and orchestra was a most sublime effort suited to such an occasion, Hand el's I lal lelujah Chorus "from the oratorio of the Messiah. Apostle H. J. Grant pronounced the benediction and the large and attentive congregation who had intently listened for more than three hours was dismissed. The pub- - A"., 1 . S4- L: rival. j'N,, , ; 1 The safe passage acfoss"the briny deep of the seven hundred passengers and. crew of the Danmark is a cause for universal rejoicing and thanksgiving to bur Father in heaven by all who feel for others' woes. The Lord was mind- ful of JhejninJbir-jcalaiiiity- r and they must as- suredly look upon it as little less than a miracle that they were preserved from a watery grave, by the timely arrival of the good ship Missouri, and its noble hearted Commander, whoso quickly re sponded to their necessities and made all speed for port that none should perish. -Thursday, the 18th of April, the Primary Association of the Eighteenth Ward was reorganized ; Bishop O. F.' Whitney and his counselors Robert Patrick and William Barton officiain company with some of ting the sisters who had been invited to assist. Vilate C Young , was appointed President; and CorneTia H. Claytonjand Lavinia Morris," Counselors ; Fannie Young, Secretary, and Gertie Young, assistant secretary, and Chariton Jacobs, Jr., treasurer. The names' of 115 members were" enrolled. The bishop and his counselors blessed and set apartthe President-an- d her Counselorsr Suitable remarks were made by Sisters E. C. Clawson, C. G Cobb, L. A. Wells, M.I.Horne, ' and" E. B. Wells. ill-fat- ed - t We announce with much "pleasure the visit of Mrs. Fannie B.-- Warde the "charming newspaper cprrespongentngtravelerand Jierdaughter4o- this cityr-MrsAVa- rdeis- is-a-n- gentleramrctnatin tionalist. She visited the City ten or twelve years ago at which time she met Geri. H. S. Eldredge and others wfco showed her some "COurtesof which she has cherished a pleasing remembrance. Mrs. Warde seems entirely free from prejudice on the Mormon question, and manifests consider able interest in the subject as touching the condition of women under thenforcement of the Ed y wishAIrs7 Warde a pleasant journey home and success in her literary work ; she is about to bring out two new books onMexico, and knowing something 0f her talents as a writer, we have no doubt they will prove beneficial to the public, and we trust also a financial benefit to the author. Mrs.: Mary A. Livermore of Boston, paid a fly. ing visit to coming withtbe from West excursion the and arriving Raymond on here Saturday morning, April 20th. On Sun day.evening April 21st, Mrs. Livermore'delivered an Easter sermon entitled' "lias the Night of Death no Morning." The subject being a suit-able one lor Lasterbunday. speaker, a woman of brilliant, oratorical power; fluent in language, she pours forth her thoughts and -- feelings seemingly without the .'least effort. In appearance she is what might appropriately be called a magnificent woman; has a splendid and physique, a clear, voice. The officers of the Utah Woman Suffrage Association had decorated the stands in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall profusely and hand' somely with flowers, in honor of the occasion; Mrs. Livermore being, as they are well aware, one of the most noted public lecturers and speakers on the American platform. The newspaper comments upon "the pen and at Long- - Range" between the paper-fighti- ng distinguished writers Ella Wheeler Wilcox and Gertrude L. Atherton israther ridiculous, and in' view of the literary --reputation of the two ladies unfortunate if not lamentable. Women of more than ordinary minds and attainments should be t he subject of personal at-- " - above - d i fieri ng on tractions. Mrs. A writes : "Ella Wheeler Wilcox is a little mouse , colored woman who needs conspicuous dress to be noticed. Her only good feature is, a sensitive mouth. She is very thin and in a dim light - looks quite young." Mrs. W. replies in defiance:- - "Had I revealed myself as freely in full dress when you called, as you re vealed . ..yourself when I called, your meager charms of body might have been abashed before my more generous ones, and my mouse-coloretints as you must know could easily become a lovely golden, by Tcalling in the .aid of a hair bleacher. The day I last saw you in the cruel light of noticed with surprise- - that your former delicate complexion looked sallow and shriveled. It gave me an absolute pang of "regret." Is it not ridiculous thus to fling at each other, in view of the sentiments advocated in their writings ? lLwou,lji.. be far more fitting to "regret'' such littleness as the sparring of these two, than the complexion or its comments alt-Lake-recently, -- bne-is-aTnagn- far-reachi- etlc well-modulat- ng ed . d the-station- er SENTIMENTS " ..Addressed to the Ladies of S. L. City: Esteemed Sisters: For .we are sisters in the . common cause which increases thought broadens and illuminates feelingrin the souls of true, brave, liberal womanhood,in this great Latter Day Work termed Woman's S uffrage. I n the creating and establishing of womahrs claims, natural and lazv-oFber qualifications as a capable, responsible being, every lady who has . ... u: t:..i at1. 1.ueari, we regaiil-aS-SiStixn s uujeut. mve ' . -- 1 . y-d- ers ... I should have been most happy if I could have been present on this occasion, but circumstances unavoidable prevented my doing sorstill, my good wishes and sincere desires are for the success and ultimate vktcyof our cause. Beaver County has eed! 