i Vs' 8 -- aud therefore to Westrain.steJ abbey, and there did see all the tombs very finely Jiaving one with--U- i alone, there being other company this day to see the tombs.it being Shrove Tuesday; and we did 8ee, by particular favor, thebody " of Queen Catherine of ValoiVand had the upper .part of her body in my hands.- 'Imperial Caar dead and turned to cfay!' and I did kiss her mouth, reflectirig.upon- it that I did kiss - a queen, and that this was. my first Trlhday;:HLnirty fiix years old that I did kiis a queen tailor's, the play not bein --h- to-da- y, ere J To be continued. - - T RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. Organ Solo, Katie Romney; Recitation, Adopted by the sisters of the Relief Society Payson Richard Evans; Dialogue between six of jhe members. Recitation, Hazel Culmer; Song, Ward. To the memory of our esteemed sister Louisa ,, Haag. Lennio Savage; Recitation, Willie Salmon; has It pleased God in His infinite wisdom, to Whereas, Culmer; ' Essay, Katie Hall Recitation, Pearl ' our worthy and of "Patience." Song, Mary Salmon and 'Alice take from our midst by the hand Death, ..'' Clowes;! Recitation, Ray Savage; Reading, beloved sister, and, in the Relief Society her We, Whereas, little four Plet Lambournef Dialogue between feel that we have lost a friend and Sister, be it therefore, girls. Song, Rosie Romney; Essay, Albert Resolved, That we tender our Love, Esteem and Heart- Romney, "How to Succeed." The speakers felt Sympathiesto her family, and condole with . them.. in were Sisters Jane Miller, L. G. Richards, Lilie wh Freeze, IuieeIt,XiVelb,iLKimball,: their bereavement - : GodhodoethTall things well; ' h.V. Ciawson, m. A. freeze, and .brothers U "wise the That we spread . these : Resolutions-oKesolvecU W. Stayner, W..Jle3fA-RichardsC- r: R. Savage, J F. Simmons and Bishop Geo. Society1 Recrdna'p7es LAMECIA A. SCHARRER, Romnev. Counselor Macrrrifl Sham thanked ELIZABETH SCHRAMM," rr- the children for their ..good -- behavior. - Closed : ben ed by s ingi ng "March i ng JEIome ward Committee.- by Brother Savage. Refreshments-we- re ' then passed around. Millard of boys. -- fellow-laborer- in our good little paper-- I -- would write- - a fewiaore linerfor it. In my last letter to you I told you about going to Salt Lake and having a ttfmor removed, andl have felt so well and happy ever since; Iwaut my sisters to see the difference between being healed by the power of the Lord, "and being' cured with medicine. I know that I was healed by the pdwer of the Lord; I have never suffered ten minutes with any kind of pain since I left the Deseret Hospital; and I do feel so thankful to my Heavenly Father for it; I never enjoyed myself so well in my life as I do at the present time. Since I came home last November I have made six quilts and six chair tidies, of stockings, and have done twenty-fivdollars worth of sewing on the machine, besides getting breakfast nearly every morning, and looking after all the house work, and seeing that the girls kept it done pronerlr. If anv nf mure man mai, piease iuj swrao vau m'otty write-and .teil me-I, have never missed one of our society meet, ings ever since I have been able to walk to them. I have visited mv district as a Tearhpr - ever since Christmas."! have been a teacher , here for twenty years and I have always enjoyed myself to much here, and now I am going to move to Snake River - Valley- - twli ?e our boys are getting big" now and will soon want land, and we have not enough land here.- "It will be a trial lor me to bid my good sisters goodly; the other : day I had a sewing-be- e and invited all I could, in order to get to see all of their good faces once more before I left them; we had a jolly nice time, and sewed about thirty pounds of carpet rags; so now I can have a new carpet to take with me to my roOm -- . and-kLnitthirty-p- airs e " ic-ti- on " S. PuzEYecretary. '1 NOTICE TO MEMBERS jQSJdt LA.-- ' The month of Mav1 is the regular time to re- new the membarship tothe Deseret Hospital Associatipnand it is to be hoped the brethren and sisters will come .forward and pay the annual fee of one dollar, and in this way r help to sustain a worth? and benevolent institution: There are about nine hundred names on the book of memberships, though but very few of them have paid regularly since the - first-ye- ar. Therefore it was thought best by the Execu. live Committee to remind them of the time for payment. New members are also earnestly solicited to join. c V E. B. JJ Wells, Secretary. THE WAY TO REST. Many women never rest. TheyTseem not to understand what rest, real rest, means. To throw one's self down with a newspaper or book, is not rest; it is .only a change of occupation. To sit down and keep the fingers flying over some sort 01 laucy worK, as it one were pursued vi unrest, 13 uj- not rest. But to lie at full length oncertainly a hard 75m rfW. arms extended at the sides, head back, with no County, Died,. Feb., 4th, 1S89, arKanosh, : childbed: fever, Martha Ellen Prowse; daughter o William and Loduoky Prowse, and wife of William Miller Born March 14th, 1862. She leaves a husband and four children the two youngest boys being twelve days old at the time of her death. . . ' just reading such a nice niece in tW exponent, written by some good sister, in re gard to taking crying babies to conference; it reminds me of the last time I heard President Young speak in conference; there were several babies crying and he told tha mother time to stay at home ancL take care of the babies and let their husbands tell them about the preaching; I have always remembered mat anu Kept my oaoies at nome. As ever your sister in the,Gospel, " M. A. Rawsox. ":"","- nt ' critics, the knaves; the public, the pack; and the poor author, the mere table, or thine played . upon. Colton. OBITUARIES. aC of the Annual Meetiug of the 0th Ward rrimary held April 19th, 1889. Meet ing opened by singing 'Beautiful Zion," prayer Bip by Singing "Lo vet at -Home. Minutes of the last Annual meeting read and approved. Programme as follows3 AddressL Jlbert, Horaney, The Primary.': Recitation, Katie bansome; Recitation, Levi Richards, "1 he Death of Bister Toone." Soncr Pearl and Cathie Culmer; E.say Walter Rom' ts," Recitation, ?e LatleTr i Isabelle Romney Dialogue betweenJliressmall GeiD--Romney- .l N?!5?3?.Erabrache place, m l83i, and five of her children same soon followed her Emigrated to Utah in 1883, with two of her the- - example. children, to join three others who tad "preceded her; er affectionate huandJindSfelioindhc-wa- s Ieay-ingb- religiously inclined, seeking after truth from her early r childhood. She would steal away from her home to wait on the sick when only girl of fourteen. It seemed to be her greatest desire to give relief to the poor, sick, and needy. She exposed beclf tp wait Ori olhersf as a lady physician she. did a great deal of good among the sick. V She wal an affectionate mother andalways, seTaur ekampIebefore her children whiclTwns worthy of Ueir imitation. " ' . ': i Should be by all who wish a complete work on practical information for every dayuse. Earnest workers wanted to canvass for it by the general agent. jl. A. Hess, .123 First East . TT X5 Street, Salt Lake City. .THOMAS EIPORIUI SAIT LAKE CITY. The Leading Retail Oasla - f SpeciaVto the Ladies. . TEASDRT t j Ji.tu viaiest iouuu styles and pioductions , in - i-- House "OfUsefulICvl purchased TTTill Died, at Fayson, Jan., 21st, i839. Louisa: Haasr our .... . .1- mucu ueiuveuJ sisier, wn was bornan Stuttgart, Germany Com. Universal Treasure pillow, eves closed, all cares, and wnrriparHs this is rest; this will smooth away wrinkles in the face and in tern per; , this will give an air oi repose to the tired, anxiout nervous woman; this will take away many an ache and straighten out the rounded shoulders and craned-ou- t T T necks. There are three difficulties in authorship: to write anything worth publishing, to find honest men to publish it, and to get senble men to read it. Literature has now become a game, ' SCAMMBLL'S missed new nome. RIMARY-ANKU- -- -- ;- was - . -- I s, Z;rJ ANOTHER TESTIMONY. Deai: Euixoic I thought if there was WOMAN'S EX P ON EN T . LACES, . . 1 RUCHES, EMBRODERIES mvt ui,u v &t$t " rAKAJSO LS. RIBBONS, TCOLLARS; . T ES And an elegant assortmeni of DRY Special department onoes. . S Misses' and G-OO- D for-Ladl- ' es' In-ian- t's . 112, 114, 116, 118 East Temple Street DAVIDS JAMBS' '&C!0: THHERS CAS.WATER & STEAM TITTERS Prtf6 KUMSEys celebrated UiT and FORCE Pumps Repaired on short notice. Orders irom tne country promptly responded to. "Addrin. 81VD J 1X12, Ba 386. SILT LIZI CITT " 