46 -- WOMAN'S EXPONENT. she held sacred of a part in the First Resurrection of the just. We sincerely sympathize with the bereaved ones, and may our Heavenly Father softenthis afijjction tojUiemJbyjrapartingfJiis JIoJy Spirit in rich abundance, to soothe their grief, and ber children follow her illustrious example that they may meet her again in the Celestial World where there will be no more partingHbrevertnorer " "No aching hearts are there, No (ear diromed eyejioJoriaJbyickcess-wasted- No. cheek grown pale through penury or care; No Spirits crushed beneath the woes they bear ; bliss untasted.'r - the remainder of the year. The Chairman then called upon Mrs. S M. Kimball who had vjust recently returned from res - th a u d ience.- the Last- - d Mr si Kimball made some telling remarks on the suffrage question, and then took up -- the subject oftlres3 reform. She had visited theLiooms.. of Annie Jenness Millerin ew-ork, and into the details - of -- the matter somewhat deeply, :and herremarks were interesting and the subject a3 she 'presented it worthy the careful attention and investigation of all' concerned in the future g "welfare and ormankTnb!. . Mrs. e. r. Wells. . ad d r es3: to u Mrs. President, WOMAN'S SUFFRAGE AT OGDEN. The monthly meeting of the Woman's Suffrage Association of Ogden convened at the County -- ' .... ' j ' these words came ' ' I live for those who love me For those who know me true, ' ' For the heaven that smiles above me And the good that I can do. ' ..." . Otherwise in the midst of my multiplicity of duties I should have given it. up. If my experience or my views are of any benefit to those less acquainted with the franchise, or who have-n- ot had the ame' opportunities'for" obtaining information on these points, then I am willing to do my best to helphoping that I may do some little grain of good. I do not, and never could understand why sensible women with mature ideas should protest against woman's suffrage; the ballot for women as well as men seem3 to me to be entirely- consistent with the principles of justice and equity, and comprehend whv assembly. The Jady ably handled subject, "Woman's Rights." At the close of her highly interesting lecture, a hearty vote of thanks was tendered ;Mrs. Wells. nt . instrumental solo, performed with his usual skill Mr. Scott Anderson next delivered a short ad dress rawcmian'swrkyhefi ihthewbrld for good, and the result of her labors through these organizations in suppressing intemperance and its attendant evils. Five minute speeches were made by Mrs. Plngree, Williams, Careswell, Miss Can-fiel- d and others. .These ladies esteemed it their uuiy iu cuici men piuicbi against ine increase 01 saloohs, the establishment of. gambling dens, and by a variety shows and houses of e, petition w6uld remonstrate againsiahesvU ask the City officials of Ogden to enforce the laws to crush them out of existence. The'M isses McGaw delighted the audience in their rendition of a song and duet, when the meeting adjourned for one month. j ' '""-T-- Aggie Herrick. ; Assistant Sec'y. ; Mrs. Wells- -r address was published in the Woman's Exponent of July 15. ' - ' : 2 W. A. : Meeting.! Fmerieedthefraihi3dwmo those who bdieve that all men support and protect all women, might say so, but every woman that has kept her eyes open "in this world knows that thii.is not the case. There are to be sum honorable exceptions, but it is not the generaVrule think ofJt ye who may! Women have quite as much at stake injill matters pertaining to ."life, liberty and the pursuit, of happiness" a3 men, arid they belong to the people, that 13 in our country it has been so declared. The preamble of the constitution says, M We the moxyle of thp. 'United States inToFder to form a more perfect unjon, establish j ustice, ensure domestic tran-qui- li ty, provide lor the com m on defense, promote the general welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity, do ordain and establish this constitution for the .United States of America." Certainly women were a part and Included in this great body politic They desire justice and are the ones who do the most to promote domestic tranquility, ana wnen it says "for ourselves and our posterity," who is more interested than the mother? In the days when these words were written there is not the Ipast dnnKt the women did their full share of the work, h elped carry the bu rdens and . We wholia ve been pioneers" in colonizing can appreciate something of their duties and the cares that must necessarily have fallen upon these, early settlers of America. Are men really so much more capable than their mothers or wives,; or sisters? That is a question 5till open to discussion, and many learned men and women have argued it in print under the title of "sex in brain," and as far as is concerned where men and young women have been young trained in the same pursuits and studies, and by the same methods, the girls quite frequently Margie Dwyer were also present, Miss V. Neb-ekfurnished music on (he organ, and a kr-lnrQi'Di". jcaa AfTiii-oi- f L.l.! T rney. Minutes of fou mer meeting were read by the Secretary and also the revved By Laws were read and voted unnh nam members presented and some miceJlaneous busi- neas transacted. A letter was read by the er - , ,--, " " though quite often the 'redres3 sought has not been obtained. In this women are recognized ' as a part of the people. But as we often say in regard to the scriptnres, so it is hx politics. Man means woman in certain places, but jwh en to mean the"divlries"and man alone they so decide. And so they continue to deal out to wTomen, as they feel: inclined, a littleiierfiLancLfi Jittlel there, at all as the case may be, place arid power life. ; : ? I know some advocates of woman suffrage say, if men will not give us our just rights-eq- ual not accept arpart, we" privileges,we-wi- ll want the whole loaf and not crumbs, but the principle a little at a time is certainly better . than none at idi and when any, new revolution in affair comes gradually the people are better prepared to take hold of it. Here is .a pretty poetical illustration: "law-giverg"lvarit- "it or-no- ne -- in-pub- Little by little the torrent said As it swept along its narrow bed, Chafing in wrath and pride." Little by Jjttle and day by' day, And with every wave it bore away A. grain -- oflsand irom the-- banks-whie- b lay-Li- ke granite walls on either side Whereupon you will readily see I an in favor of taking vvhat we can get, let it be ever so' grudgingly given. .The great point to be gained now, is to prepare womerrfor privileges that are bound to come, if they do come slowly. We often say the mothers need it, and that is true, tliere are.I believe more arguments in favor of mothers than-an- y other class, though I wOuld not state it positively; but there are women and I have -- instances one or - twop especially in my mind, who are not mothers, who are and have been public Benefactors, and I think how much more they couM- have accomplished, if they had been privileged with the political, and JL might almost say social rights of men. They have been deprived of moth erhood such as has been vouchsafed to others, perhaps for the greater good they have accomplished as mothera of There is much that miffht be said definitglv on this subject, but there is one other of vital importance--1 would like to touch, and that i3 the mother's right to her child it is said of one woman that when she heard that in the State of Rhode Island the father could ap point a guardian tor his child and deprive the mother of all risrht to it if he so ch nsfl. she said: "Why do not all the women of America cry aioua against this tern be injustice to mothers?" Many of the states have had their laws more or les3 modified in this respect since ;.w omen oegan agitating equal rights, but much Pice mithis. regard itill exists- cal the-politi- - - pp-nplA- . ! w 1 The Utah W. S. A. held its regular meeting in the Social Hall on Friday July 19, Vice Pres. Mrs. Nellie R. Webber in the chair. On the platform at her side; the Ch. of the Ex. Cora. Mr3:Ann E. Groosbeck, The Secretary Mrs. C-- II. Home and the Treapurer Miss Af , . i. Ladies and Gentlemen. to-da- y, ' w. 8. Last night in pondering over the subject of an address to this assembly which I had been re- quested to make forcibly to my mind: ' Court House, July ist 1889. Prest. E. Y. Standford called the assembly to ' -order; Prayer by the chaplain Mrs. Odell. The minutes of the previous meeting were read "' and approved. " " Prof. L. D, Edwards rendered the solo, 'Man ine JLiie uoai, m exceneni styie. ill-fam- " ed well-bein- .,' dress. Meeting adjourned for one month. A full at- tendance at the next meeting is earnestly solicited .4wivtsu 111.1U an unci CaUHg meeting Friday afternoon, Augusts, in the courthouse. Mrs. Hilliard delivered an interesting ad- -con- etitution sayst""The right of the people to peacably assemble, and petition for a redress of grievances, etc" That right is one. that -N- had-examin- herj that-importa- . ta-ad- Er bath not heard the song Of rapturous praise within that shining portal, No heart of man hath dreamed what joys belong,' -To that rcdeeraedand throng All glorious and immortal. happy-blood-was- - Article-lot-tQe-mendment-to-tne- ' - which' wa3 notably ' the carry off the honors; case recently in Sau Francisco as you who ' . read the papers must know. Secretary from tho President Mr?. Margaret Caioe tenderinV her resignation, which was formally accepted and a motion was made and -- Kext op: the programmo wa3raong:yery-sweetlrendered by Miss E. Morehead. Some ROMANIA Br PRATT M. D. y L reasons for women studying tolitics. Politics is the science of government, that part of ethics which has to do with' the regulation and government of a nation or state. The preservation of its safety, peace and pros- periCy, the defense of its existenceand 'rights against foreign control "or conquest, the aug, mentation, of its strength and resources; and the protection of iU citizens in their rights, with the perservation and of improvement their -- lic 