WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 138 i l property they held at ther tiraeof marriage cases ot wounus and illnes3 where woman a. Thisis a and can acquire, hold and sell, .or otherwise nursing is absolutely necessary. , dispose of reaLand personal property lksperate case of social disorder, where woman. must, minister with all her skill and tender marriage without the consent of their bus ness to. bring the patient through the .crisis. bands, but the husljand must have the consent he ndditionto-thistheIn . of. the wife. . ery-of- r they have d the fewagamst the ages. It is the protest-onght of dower, by which they inherit husband's the hi3Tleath. law estate The the the many, at of argument oi thought against v the world is correcting the of inheritance is the sarne..froni the wife to the bigotry. husband a3 from the husband to the wife; each active wrongs of last century, and is making inherits from the other under similar condi recompense.to the demon of intolerance, by be tions. ing blind and deaf to the oppressed of For many years the women of Utah have The wonder which men feel now that their an been organized Julo .Relief Societies. and Mu cestors couldhaye been jsq intolerant .will be -felt a gcneTatioirhence by thirsons rerding tual- - improvement -- AsseciatiouR." incir sym " 7 these same men. pathies have always been with the .Woman The ''federation of the world'' will 'not be Suffrage movement. After the visit to Utah, -summerrof-Mrs.-Colaccomplished-while7the-moad va'nced nation and last redeemed But the cause officers of this Association, who lectured on on earth is but half is Council "Woman Suffrage; the International of woman's enfranchisement gaining irresist -ible momentu m. Iff triu raph must soon come. of Women and the relation of woman's ballot to all reforms," a Woman's Suffrage AssociaWhen it is victorious, but not tillfthen, will tion was,organizcd as an auxiliary to the.Na- - might cease to be arbiter of right. tional. Its members number about two hun.When a cause is irrevocably lost, it is then too late for words. To discuss inevitable sor-sodred and are rapidly increasing. In this moveis. only to give intensity to grief. . But-th- e ment we did not receive the aid of sanction of because she did not think women of Utah do not regard their own Iran our chise asj being forever lost. We hop? and ex woman suffrage good for Utah. The organization was effected by the chairman of the execu-tiy- e pect tosee this great struggle terminate speedi committee. It is complete in every parly and triumphantly for the cause of woman, . declare ticular, and the thepbject of and to see political Jiberty enjoyed without re the association to be "to work for theenfran-chisemegard to sex. When that sublime , hour come3 of women without regard to party, it will mark the beginning of the end of tyran-- : iiiect, .orjcreed andt.Qjtakeuclistep3:from-time- ny, oppression - ana misrule. uoa speea tne to- time as shall seem to be wise and V ; expedient day. for the political advancement of the women of Utah." The Association, ha3 sent two deleWOMAN'S SUFFRAGE MEETING. gates: to this conventihn. The very large majority of people in. Utah are in favor of Ionian There was an interesting meeting of the suffrage. As an evidence of this, we secured Woman's Suffrage Association of Utah held in 8,393 signatured to the national enrollment in three weeks, 3000 of them being the names of the Social HalUat 2 p.m., Saturday, Feb. 9, Mr. Lydia D. Alder 188Sa irst men, and we have but just begun our work. was offered by Mrs. Zina uJUladesrrofe8sioDS and ecu pations 4 n presiding. Prayer '"' Utah are open to women. We have editors, T)rH.'Youngr Mrs. Alder's opening address: ''The hand idQcmrSrwkoJiave grad uated Jn -- theJbest cok that rocks the cradle is the hand that rules the leges of .the country la wyei3, school teachers, world." This sentiment was written long ago; artists, poets,- musicianslecturers, merchants, but it. is as it was then. It just as true clerks, cashiers, photographers, printers, bookhas from time immemorial been conceded that binders, telegraplLand telephone operators,silk the home (that dearest spot on earth), is the workers, weavers, factory handstand artisans woman s, .kingdom. And many women there in every kind of work that worn en" are' able to who desire no other sphere. are, even do, a3 well as In those domestic labors which History shows that adown all the ages the some t u arrow-mindepeople think --comprise mother wE6i rocks .the cradle and carefully the sphere of woman. We have no rais es her sons, h a s th rou gh them ru ed the ritOTTfand: nonewW world. But shall not our daughters be taught need remain "witlKwt employment; it is often also, andihave j ust as niany privileges our for domestic sons? Most ' assuredly. We can look around V.V us and see many of our sisters who have to Women, in the , male estimation, are not as with the hard realities of life, Some fit as men to perform jury service, because it is struggle of them are widows, some of them chose never said they would be governed by sentiment. If to own property, either much the premises be true, -the argument is still false. J or marry.on They which they must pay taxes for the I , , little, n. 'PI ' 1 j.ne sentiment wnicn womu most ouen actuate support . of the government, both local and women js pjty. With men it. is too often.bus-ines- s : Yet general. they must never have a voice in' social- in some degree doubtlessly to the nature of the audience, but more especially to the wide inthe importance terest, and the .topic of the day. . I say intentionally, and with no idle meaning ttached-to-thewordsibrJt is certain that4he-probleto which this hohorable association is seeking a proper solution, is of interest to the n one-thir- is-t- hery-which-we1nowr:ffer-up -T- -- far-reachi- -a- f . Mrs.-Saxon y. -- st . , . w vice-presiden- V x t, . by-la- ws nt . - -- -- - Vice-Preside- to-da- nt to-da- y -- tp-da- d for that which rightly belongs to her. She and it -is affected by the laws equally-witb-ma- n, as willingly isjust that her voice sliould be daw-makeheard as his in:the choice of the and officials to execute the laws. God speed the day when woman shall have beer M 1 ifFlheef rs i ser--vic- e'. - ". - --- cowardices Women avarice, or th t favor e migh poor and friend less: Men certo the rich and tainly do show illegal leniency ' - . powefiuK''.. ..-.-.'- We are told that suffrage means turmoil of mind, which women should avoid. . I do not " conWdeTEal this is necessarily so, but I do say th at, if it wer es omy s entiment would be tha t of the heroic Roman who said: "Better a dis- turbedTroeTTytnan a quiet slavery For one, in a genera sense,'I object .to withholding of suffrage from women, in aUainl consecrated ftrmriversatiiber a sense I In ty. special object to the arbitrary edict by which thousands of intelligent voters were deprived of a sacred right, simply be- the-crue- l -- by-blo-od cause theywere women. . The mightiest hu man problem", vexing the world y is the relation of the rich and the poor the profit eaters and the profit makers. Man aloue will never; solve it. There are to-da- the cBoice oLlthatC government's is a servants-Wmanaffrag- v. down-trodde- n - y. suffrage. The meeting then adjourned. ,; ivnua occasion are - lutti, iiuiuiaic iJij peculiar indeed. - miiiu on luis Thi3 is owinoO - - - the -com-. . PhnrarvJ 7th , Spnnfnr " " - Blnir. of mittee on Woman suffrage, reported bacK favorably the joint resolution proposing a nmpnmpht to nrohibit the denial or abridgement of the right . to yote by the United States or anyistate on account or se. It was nlaopd cm the calendar: Sen. Cockrell said a minority report would be made ; h . -- - con-Rtitnh'n- nnl ' ' , ;y Cornelia H. Clayton, Secretary. You can see that when woman gains the ballot, and we regain our ballot, her vote, given intelligently and wisely, will offset the vote of ignorance and fraud God speed, the day. ..',;'."...'.".'..'' Prof Janies E. Talmage' following MrsT ' " Alder in a short address, said: which-wasdisten- ed Na--tion- al thinking nnnds. and many nations Thinkibfa moment of 'the prospect confront-- , mg our own government welcoming a3 it does the and oppressed of every clitiie to its shores. This: emigrati whol are utterly- ignorant of the first true -- pri nipledf-governni- ent Benemingliti- also the this; vote, cianscnl)uy average negro vote, for a very small sum of money. This ha3 conduced to much of the corruption .exist-In- g to-da- - e e? live question hetpi e all to-da- her heaven born rights.Mrs. M. Y. Douzall then read an open letter from the Association to the ladies of America, and Mrs. Nellie Little read, very effectively, a sy nopsisof the specB of Judge Jere Wilson, to with marked attention. Mrs. Emily The eloQuent speechl)f Uele-ratS. Richards, which was given before the Woman's Suffrage Association Conven tion at Washington, D; C, was read by .Mrs. Charlotte I Kirby. .t Mr. James T. Cobb, being called upon, re sponded in a very acceptable speech on woman y - ' 1 1 y . - "superjflu-ous""-'women- : m . . by . human race at large. ; the matter are of humble opinions upon My a simple and commonplace kipd; but not, I on ' that account. trust, insincere The conclusions at which I have arrivedln the consideration of the subject are based upon nn advantages or comparison7 from result to conferring disadvantages Tikely the rights of sufirage upon woman; but upon thejustice of her claims to these rights a3 witnessed by the word of the Almighty. .Man, in his studied wisdom, .has" learned this great -lesson of "Nature that the Creator has" fitted every object of His care to the purpose of its being- - Is it then to be thought that woman is less completely endowed with the capacities of her calling than is man for his? It has been often said that woman, in the sphere allotted to her existence, is as perfect as man. I would say in place of this, that in her sphere woman is as much the superior of man as does man excel in his proper powers. Nature has been as liberal in endowing woman Jehovah's daughter ;as in blessing man His son. The objections that have been raised to.the enfranchisement of women in this land of republican freedom are mostly based upon the fear ofthe incapacity of women for the offices and stern duties of citizenship. If these fears appeared to have solid foundation, 1 too, would be lqth : to wi tness such a change. It that the home has been wisely said here is woman's kingdom; and I feel sincerely that the true woman, reigning in her horn? as a queen, will prove too deeply interested in the affairs of that sacred, domain to desert the throne in any endeavor for political preferment. We mav repose implicit confidence in womanly nature; and never need we fear feminine aspirations towar(j positions unfitted for woman's capacity. That the giving of suffrage to woman woum change much of the staje at present existiug in the politics of the day, I have no doubt,' but for such a cnange I most sincerely hope. My greatest regret is that woman has to plead ana To-da- to-da- ng here-afte- r. JSr. " ; :rT" 