WOMAN'S EXPONENT.. 24 clouds, to witch the world with noble horse; manship." in which was Of the statue, English oak, but fragment,, now remain.??;Jt..swas bounfljn gilver gilt, with head of eolid silver. Two golden teeth were plundered in the reign. IV, and all the silver was taken at the time of the dissolution. By some estimates Henry 'V wag the best English sovereign to Iris time. He certainly achieved grest things in years. H? Eave hisjBhort career lines 'on his The God. to .tho praise chiefly ofJheesUeni Ju whicbi he tomb are indicati iwas held by the people. Here are some of them:. "All England mourned." "Hung be the heavens in black; .yield day to night. , .. too famous to. live long." V, "King Henry "England ne'er lost a king of so much worth." ; ; in instrument the was He principal bringing about tho annexation of France to England. His body - Ho died in .the former country- over with great pomp, processions greeting it on .the way. Shakspeare (by far the greatestof English historians) has made the life of the king very clear to us. As we" "Men whose . looked on we recalled the words ; b in limbs were made England." y . r when she was about two years old, her mother having died' previous,, bora June 19th 1847. We the Sisters of the Y. L. M. I. A. unanimously adopt the following resolutions to the" memory of Sister Elizabeth was again defaced by the falling of scaffolding, at the coronation of James II; it was robbed also at that time. From an elevated position one can look intojhe. urn. To the left of the tomb of the confessor is" that"of rEditfi," his ..StOCking-1:.-- - and-forme- foot-prin- : . are as follows: First Bishops are showing fealty to the that we condole with the family who are cajled to mourn the loss of a kind and loving mother, eight children being v . . r Second-rReprese- was-broug- Third III in-th- AND QUEEN PHILLIPA . men . . paradedwith a mistressorgettiBg tipns of his dying wife. Under the Edwards was great: havincru been...broueht England v w ' unity tJ about by conquest.. Beyond is the simple altar tomb of Edward I (Longshanks). At one time there was some doubt as to whether his remains were really, desposited there; but not long since, all conjecture was '.removed by which was made; when, to the. great amazement of those who looked,the body, which had been embalmed, was found in a state of excellent preservation; measuring more than six feet in length showing that Edward well merited the appellation, "Longshanks.". the-iDjun- e-- he-i- s t Se venth the ""sacra about-to-rece- ive He - has a vision of the king of - Denmark who. is drowned, on his way to England. Eighth Harold and Tostier quarrel at the king's table, prophetic of " future" r fisagree - ; - : - Sophia Wardle, Naomi V. Oliver, -- ThurzaCase, ' - Committee. . 7 Ninth The confessor courtiers has a vision of Ephesus, who turn from Tenth The confessor Dr. Hughes' Training School, for Nurses Will open its Second Term October, 1889, at her residence on First West Street. The proposed summer, term will be postponed on account of-theat. Students desiring to enter should; apply, as., earlyas possible as" the usual number of theclass is now nearly complete. he ; . ments. - - ose altar-wher- e -- .. left orphans." Rosolved we send a copy to the family also one to the r Exponent for publication. - L:....1::.1"Zl::Maria. Holt, y. 1 Hejsees tire devil dancing on Dan-gel- t, and abolishes it. --Here we have a bit of practical history. The Dangelt or Danish tax had become oppressive, and Edward did a good .thing for his people in abolishing it. One sometimes sees much meanold, fantastic works of art; they ing make history more intelligible to us moderns. - To return to the description. Fifth Describes a scullion warned who has been stealing from the: treasure chest. This was perhaps a satire on" some high official. Sixth He sees the Savior in a vision on an ht These are fine tombs, brass effigies on . top, which are said to be very correct likenesses. The queen bore her husband many -- children,- a- number-o- t whom J iei : before their parents: among them the promising Black Prince. When near her end, the good queen called her - husband, who tenderly loved her, to her J)ed-sid- e and implored him to continue the same - truly regal life, after her death, which her had hitherto led. She- also requested that he might- be buried beside her. As an evidence of the unfaithfulness of man it is reported that at a tournament in Smithfield the royal widower the birth of Islip, The ; coronation of the con fessor, Fourth ' TOMBS OF EDWARD nts 1043. . . our Heavenly Father to Call Whereas it has rl -- ur . : : pleased Godwin, sister of from our midst by the hand of death our beloved Sister queen, the daughter Harold. In this place the Stone of Scone and and therefore be it, the Scottish regalia were; offered. At one time, Resolved that we recognize in the death of our Sister the behind the shrine were the relics of Saint loss of a true friend counselor in the Associacalled. be to Edward, asthe confessor came tion. ...J.J- :..., There was also a tooth of Saint Athanasius, a Resolved that" we esteem her goodness and , uncomplain t of the Savior and a phial . ing, endurance,' maywer emulate' her .noble, example as.,. Etone with a of preciouablood. Qn . tbe Ilcxe ; "sisters "of the Association. is confessor. The told of the be put on recordand resolutions these designs L Resolved that legend r of-Ea- of-Edwar- ; . in the midst of hi3 the seven sleepers of right to left: meets Saint John and gives him a ring. Eleventh The blind restored to sight by if water in which the superstition may have been the parent of the attributed to the king the virtue of the curing king's evil or scrofula, by touching the patient, which was believed in as late as the time of Queen Anne, "Twelfth Saint John sends two pilgrims to the confessor to take back the ring, and to ay that within six months he would meet, him . in paradise. -Thirteenth Pilgrims deliver message., and On the tomb "are brass effigies, representing ring to the king. Edward I and Queen Eleanor, which are said Fourteenth Ed ward, warned of his death, to be correct likenesses. She was a most excompletes the dedication of the abbey! cellent princess; and at her death Edward ith certain truths in those demourned her loss. To show his devotion he. signs are given suggestjve a 'tew superstitions, which reerected nine crosses to her memory at the towns mind us of the idolatry displayed for Becket where the body rested during the journey to at Canterbury, lhe observer can learn frnm London Charing- - Cross was one of them. lhemwhaOheHecIine in superstition has beenr That 'great kin ir( suhiufratefLSco tland and zAjeh us j rt umgim an ingiisii monarcnoarlJfr- Wales. Ed wardpossessed vehement energy heving suchthiugs? It is true that the world and a strong, conquering spirit. He wished moves in some directions. his body to be carried before the army until "The shrine of Edward the Confessor forms Scotland should be completely, subdued. an appropriate center of this most ancient The tombs of Richard II and hU queen are jcentenpf lhe tdice,Z Not lar from in- - Is now being published. Agents wanted; secure the aency for the places of your "choice at once. 7 . A. HESS, General Agent, ' : : 173 South First East Street. EJC.THOMA! one-whic- h EIBORIUI EAGLE an-examin- ation . also vt S ACT - The, ; LAKE CITY. Leading Retail C asJi 1 JtdLoxis e . .X- OMAi Special to the Ladies. TEAS DELi Will be found tY 1 latest styles and pioductions in LACES?-RUCH- EMBRODERIES, ES, the-shrin- e; this enclosnrer",tJ:T"?""r of wardthe Confessorrishe Henry III. An inscription tells of his long' reign of fifty-si- x years.; The statue is of gilded brass, representing the king; wcaringa BHRINE QJEDWAKD THE CONFISSOR, In this section is th oldest memooaliin" the abbey that ;of its founder, Edwardlthe JDJEbr long-mant- le. tomb; and" Either Romanatholirpilg'rimTl'ome to thia " day. "Old armorial tarings are seen upon the sides of the tomb. This chapel was the holy of holies of Edward the Confessor. The pavement glows wuth peacock hues. : The. coffin is of stone, iron bound, with a shrine ofv marble and mosaics. The tomb d at the dissolution, but was restored' by iMary I. It Hi3 son, HEdward fbroad-Stfing-tofornr- I. brouo-h- t COLLARS. RIBBONS, And an elegant assortmerif of fr C3-OOID- TIES - S; Special department for Ladies Misses", and In- - T -- 112rllMl.6r418-rpij-rM-, fTo be continiied.J -- was-injure- IN MEMORIAM. VIn memory of Sister Elizabeth Stocking, who died April " 19th, 1SS9, at South Jordan. Deceased was the daughter of the well knowrv Henry - Arnold of Sat Lake City, who emigrated from England IDTVXID CO. T-ABS- 7 TINNERS CAS.WATER & STEAM FITTERS 3TAgent for RUMSEYS celebrated LIFT and FORCE PUMPS. Pumps Repaired pn short notice. Orders iroca the country prom ptLy responded, to. .. - ' -- - Allrisi, 5A7I3 JAyiS, Bos 33S, GAIT LA! 2 CIT7 ' ' :' 