147 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. .... .... - COME, SING TO ME. ST. PAUL'S WIFE. . BY ANNIE M. BEACH. Come, sing to me, my, soul is sad, Yet music sweet may soothe the pain, Waking up memories warm and glad, Of joys that may be mine again. ' .riqaanir-iJebatehT-th- v ' ; SingliSt tOHday of broken ties, ' Sing net of blighted hopes, sweet friend, I would not hear of, sweet good-bye'For sorrow's dawning,, but its end. ' s, i 'Miss' Lazenby Under the above heading The Victoria Daily limes; Victoria, 15.U, publishes what it styles . , in .... The song shallbe of faithful hearts, "'"' Tliat hoped and prayed thro' sorrow's night, Till, suddenly, the grief-clou- d parts, , Before a burst of joy's glad light. And if there come a tide of tears, 'Twill waft this weariness away, Which resteth like a cloud of years Upon my doubting heart to-da- y. e was the next speaker. This lady said that she had always been an admirer of St. Paul, and that had she been a contemporary of his, it is doubtful if he had remained a brcheioTrHeastiietitlr which we clip the folio wing, believing our speaker's preliminary remarks, we had promise rejtders will be interested" inthe "subject "and bf some wilty revelationsr but she did not conamused with the way the; matter is handled. tinue as long as ' the audience would have It is" certainly a novel theme for discussion. liked. The Rebate was held in the tyethodist Church Mrs. Adams, for the affirmative, assumed in that city, the Rev. Mr. StarTpresiding as that St. Paul could not have given rso much master of ceremonies. Six ladies took? part in good advice unless he had been a married man. the discussion Tuesday evening. Jan. 22d. The The fact that he never alluded to his family matter wa3 . introduced thus: "Resolved that :was nojsign of bachelorhood. ."ISfr. Moody n'qrj St. Paul wag a.married man." Ed any of the divines for that matter, were in the The debate was opened by Mrs. Grant, who habit of interlarding their sermons with' remi- - . stated her case clearly and concisely. She niscences of their married experiences. held that only .as a married man could St. Mrs. Gardner, alluding to the "thorn in the Paul have attained the celebrity he did in flesh," attributed it to St. Paul's fecundity of . church matters. .She attributed Mrs. St. speech, a characteristic originftting primarily Paul's inconspicuousness to her attention to ia & predisposition to epilepsy V Poets and all home matters, which left no doubt in the minds men addicted to broaiLscbpo of language were of the audience as to her partiality for housemore or less epileptic; J.twa3 an infallible sign keeping.- The, speaker further referred from of genius'. It was not reasonable to suppose the general character of Paulas writings that he that-S- t. Paul would allude to woman in opto a man have remained was too susceptible probrious terms, and even if he had it jyas no was a because it custom the Jews sign of his having! been a married man. ; A single; among - to the an memwoman a thorn in the flesh, said the speaker; early age, particularly marry at bers of the Sanhedrim, an assembly to which St. Panl wasn't built that way. If he had been Paul belonged. The fact that Paul gave ho a married man he never would have offered . particulars wa3 of no consequence as showing any advice, to women, because he must have Common modesty him to be a single man. known, they would disregard it. Did you ever know of a bachelor, said the lady, with a tos3 forbid, that unless his wife was au active worker vrho was notrahvtiys talkr among the missions, she should remain in the ' " background. ing about women. Mrs. Starr, who represented the "opposiMrs. Grant then closed for the affirmative, took the tion," as the Chairman ,styled it, next recapitulating and quoting old authors in supfloor. - This lady gave several anecdotes illusport of her argument. to wished she and of the trative make, points Mrs. Starr followed for the "opposition," and she also flatly asserted that it was not incumin rebuttal of the remark that St. Paul must bent on the members of the Sanhedrim to enter have been a married man to be familiar with upon the conjugal relations. Again it was not kissing, said he wa3 a funny bachelor who was so clear that Paul was a member ofj he San ignorant of the art of osculation, (blushing was he tod inasmuchas probably hedrim, .among the bachelors.) And so ended the --young a man saJeadmitted;i4othaiApgut famous controversy-&eoi- 2 troversyswhicJi was witnessed death a had He a3 Stephen's body. awarded to the negatives by a bare, majority. converted was and of man 28, shortly, young has listened to a good many Our afterward. It was not at all probable that a debate reporter and be has heard a number of women man so young would have taken a prominent talk, but this was the most characteristic affair part in the deliberations of the Jews. Having he ever witnessed womanish to the backbone, thu3 established a doubt as to Paul's member- -piquantrmd developing xonsiderablkresearcb. therefore and Sanhedrim of the leaving ship St. Paul is a very grave subject to be handled the inference that he was under no obligations lightly, and doubtless were he a witness to the to marry, she proceeded to say that the best- .forensic combat last night over his m&trinionial evidence 'or ram s single piesseaness wa3 ms status, he would wish to assume the body once --reticencen reference to Mrs. St. Paul. It was more and -- relieve ;the thorn of the flesh busihardly credible to suppose that if he had been ness," of; the ambTty It is said to possess. a married man he would have- remained so The preceeding, howeve?, with all .its tendency profoundly silent on the matter. Why should to levity, is not without good points. Research Paul want a wife ? said the fair speaker, when is stimulated and men who have grown rusty by profession he could do in biblical matters resurrect their testaments being a tent-makall his own mending and darning. Married, and refresh their memories. On the whole the forsooth, St. Paul was a crusty old bach. . Mrs. effort was worth listening to, and that it was it3 lor Starr then thanked, advocacy appreciated was made manifest bytheapplause floor it for the and case side of the, of her qu of ; the audience. One thing is; certain, the Chase. Mrs. ss of wit and a nonchaladies Mrs. Chasegaye a pen portrait of Mrs. Saul, lance wh ich made ou r reporter feel for his "sex. as that must have been Paul's name at the period of his matrimonial venture, describing her as fair with dark eyes. She said that Paul's " Four new States would add greatly to - recommendation that women should not talk Fourth of July celebrations; because four more was all owing" to the fact of Mrs. Paul being a zyQlubleonversationalistand-oiliavin- g given girls wjmldbeneeded to represent the galaxy her liege lord an overdose. Nobody but a man of otates in the gorgeously decorated wagons who was married, or had been married, would in patriotic parades. . . - Then, after sleep hath, sealed my eyes, r And I awake, 'twill all be o'er, The sunshine of my soul will rise Unclouded.'as it was before. How strange we are t the griefs That o'er the heart have coldly crept, may cast away, 'Smiling as though we had not wept. to-d- ay It must be so ! The joy and pain Making life's shadow and its light, But when the Better Land we gain, We know "there shall be no more night." Cambria, N. Y. MEMORIAL DEDICATED,-T- All Nature's laws are perfect, And God's wijl always just: That these are true, and will be, Though numbered withlhe dust, Was thought by him that's left us, And gone to nobler spheres, ' Tlis presence has bereft us, Not to meet again for years. A form -- of youtfrand rigor own -- Was a boon her claimedj?i5 And little did he ponder O'er the death that called him home; But whom God loves lie chastens: Let these words comfort give, When one from us He hastens. 7 , 'Tis but to bid him live. - . - A er " .. . 1 1 1 1 - The mind oft fails conceiving The depths of God's design, S.. The grandeur of His purpose . Put forth in every "clime; Unless, perchance, enlightened aid, By His is Then intellect brightened And ignorance is stayed. " TIie-Tim- es showv-aiquickne- Though wisdom is not seen By us mmortal guise, In taking this our brother Whose form before us lies, Whose kindness, mirth and favor - H ave not been spent in vain, But as a record, goes before,, Hkjeternal bliss-ti- gainl ' bierfetty " MRS. JOSEPH BURROWS. . - -- ' hold ever have known - further their tongues cr not. Mrs. Chase-wa- s of the opinion that Paul's silence in the matter of his IwiiVwas owing : to his being a;wido wer 5durinf the period of his ministry. Then again, as regards kissing, a feature frequently alluded to by the Apostle; how should he know anything, about it unless he had been a married man ?. Mrs. Chase concluded her remarks with a eulogy on the man as the noblest and best of ' .. . r all the disciples. whether-womeiilshou- ld -- Then fear not for his future, No more than for his past, Though life be rough and thorny, He's reached his goal at last, , Let's live a good life also,.- - : Then we may, too, I trust, Meet him,Vith all our loved ones, In the regions of the just. , R. R. February 14 , igSo,. I.,, JR. . . ( .;.. defeated The woman suffrage in the Dakota House of Representatives, by a vote of 1 7 to 2 8 On e - potent reasonwras the fear that the establishment of woman suffrage might make Congress less inclined to admit Da- kota as a State. The men of l)akota were so eagerly anxious to obtain full political right3 for themselves that they disregarded the just claims of their wives and sisters. It is a: pity. bill.-has...Lc- cn. Ex., .v.' s , 