l WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 9C -- hisHerodotus, Strabo, and other classical . to its torian, in terms indicatingand that origin great them was scarcely known, 401 In doubt. antiquity was a matter beyond Greeks B. C rwben Xenophon led the 10,000 he. in that celebrated march which be recorded, Nineveh on which passed over the territory - -- - n Manti, Utal. was to Spend their best days for the work of God, and never miss their meetings, the brethren's kindness to him was beyond expression. We feel God has called him as V brave little missionary to work behind the vail, for such our Father needs on earth and in another sphere, and may 'we live to pattern after his example though 'tis hard to spare such a dearboy. ... . . i .i i... the cues louuaeu uv of one was think that it the latervpenod colonists- - from Arabia during mentioned by of the Cushite civilization. It js (lured scorn, ridicule and social criticism, and as a reward tor Jong years ox pauem: w have received a very few privileges where they should have inalienable rights; and these very continue eru.leiuely bestowed. Women maye indifferent on a subject of such vital import-anccoto unborn generations Congress may ntinue its adverse legislation, State Legislatures of may continue a deaf ear to the petitions. oyer citizens of. their respective half the native-borstates, but the good will yet tejreachedno withstaTiding aU the obstacles, for equal suffrage of the Almighty and m Jiamong the purposes - law Hhe near future will be the acknowledged purely of the land, and a grateful posterity-wil- l woheroic those to meed of praise accord the and which is men which is so fully their due, selfishness. now withheld from jealousy- and fruition of their May we all Jive to see the gladdesire of, fondest hows, is the earnest the.Qrea .hadtood.Alexander Farewell dear Frank until we meet, God's work shall be our 1 . chief delight, we be all shining Until the resurrection dawns then may ' lights. ' " ' :'J r ..;.-- the battle of seventy years later, fought historians the vicinity; and none of. hi3 of- the rfteoi mention the fact of the nearness .... J . : i. Hill iciuamo ' r aboL Arbela-i- n Huntsville, Weber Co. :L hpfn oJnpp Hisplnsed show t. archi-lecturtype of a relation to the Phoonicianlike the general which was derived, customs . of those commercial people, from the .' ancient Arabians.. m and The minutes of Mass Meeting at Provo, also Leaves Mrs Tanner's eloquent address, and From Mv Journal, Gilmpre's Concerts, w,v" Mr3. E. b. layiors visn jpa&. lack. of space., on sale, ; ; e, - A PALACE OF NINEVEH '.' " One of the great palaces of the city of Nineveh in the days of Assyrian glory. ; The excavations which were made by Mr. Blake, at the recent t rprPiiT and 1 by recently Woman Lay ard somo years ago, annual meeting of the ancient the of site . the city on Ytnvo v "Old Abe. the Smith, iorm to it rendered re ha poesible of Nineveh, his time after his rewar passed eagle, famous the been have must a good idea of what in laying eggs, to theastonishment oL tirement 1 its hey royal palaces. beauty and stvle of his keepers.. She called out much merriment ' mounds artificial, have' built oa been appear to in reference to the American eagle, feet saying, by to from fifty in thirty height varying ''Gentlemen, your eagle is a hen!" were These in plain. the surrounding above some cases construed of regular rows of bricks, OBITUARIES. and in others merely of earth and timber. and latter the The former prevail at Nimrud, of our as Kuyunjik. A It becomes my painfulutynolecord the death at the group now known -of beloved Sister Margaret Helen, daughter-- of Gibsonand BolidValt of masonry- - protected e-face wife of Wm. Palmer, who died. the moiiud, and majestic flights 61 broad Elizabeth Condie. and small 1889 -- leaving a hushand and six itself. Some of the November the to led palace up steps loss. mounds were of enormous extent, looking in children who deeply mourn hermarried eight years,-- but she Sister Palmer has only been like natural elevations rather seven children having had two pairs of. than the work of human hands. The palaces was the 'mother of twins. erected on these mounds orplatformsrejof and;- - vere7 huge' f rShea rfrfndand knew her. She was a firm Latter-da- y two or more-storie- r bricks faced with slabs of and a friend to all who beams and of TO r, ge enyama I s EAST, WEST, NORTH and SOUTH - TICKET OFFICE, UNION 1 Sali Lake Main-Stree- t, City. J. V. PARKER, Div. Pss. Agt. -- C. E. INGALLS, City Pass. Agt. -th- , the-distan- A T1T1 PRINCIPAL POINTS . Mr.-Geor- -- .KTHOMAi ce ' sun-drie- d alabaster. When Assyria was overrun by the Medes, assisted by the Babylonians', about 656 B.C., Nineveh , its capital, was utterly destroyed, and its people made captive. Happily, when the chief buildings were overthrown, the beams and material of the upper stories protected the contents of the lower stories, and these were further preserved from decay, though exaccumulation posure to wind and rain, by the of rubbish under which they were buried. In some cases this layer, was twenty feet thick.. to In 1845 Layard fiucceedetLm-penetratin- g the ruins under, the rubbish, and stilfjater Mr. George Smith conti nued thesearch. The reward repaid all toe. toil and danger. A tabiet-nearly ten thousand large number of TVUa were iounu covereu mm jusuihuus. a clay writing bad been done on which were. whilft it was soft, and the tablets, about a foot square were then subjected to: heat until they were hard, xney were men .set up against the walls of the rooms in the One king's palace, and formed the library. collection was commenced by King Shalmane-ze- r about 860 B. U, and was largely increased After by Sardauapalus, his susccesor. terra-COtt- - immense labor tue writing has been decipnereJ, and it is found that the tablets contain a continued history of the reigns of these kings. They also bear records of current traditions. Very remarkably, thero are two records substantially confirming the Mosaic account of the Creation and the Deluge. is The early history of Nineveh "involved in much obscurity, although thereTa rreason to : . - husband, Heal the wounded-hearte- d Who has been so tried and true; And protect that little infant, Whom its mother scarcely knew. ' . S ATT Tlw. LAKE CITY. Leading Retail Cash. HoTjise M.A.Thackeray. In affectionate remembrance of Benjamin Franklin 18! 5 Burrows; which and of disease, of months spinal typhoid and 7 age, of from him 2 years age, his last complaint bad afflicted little spirit always seemed far beyond his tender years, his and the gift of talent for music could not be surpassed, memory far excelled that of children; which was aU ways noticable at Jubilees, Sunday SchoolSi and Primary M eetings; he took great pleasure m laboring m the Deacon s Quorum which he never missed; always trying to assist his young brethren to make the meeting interesting; - his tbe last summer was his delight; he was very kind to neighbors, and playmates, and especially to little children-A- t wliJc1 J!hZlMt-1- i I EI'IPORI EAGLE Saint and has been President of the Y. L. M. I. A. She was always Croydon ever since its organization. cheerful and had a kind word and good advice to give labors a meek and every one, she. always manifested in her and exampieswill long unselfish disposition;-herprecep- ts be remembered. - -- Special to the Ladies. AT TEAS DELIS Will be found -- latest styles arid productions in KUCHES, EMBRODEKIES, .. AMS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES LACES, on the age of 10 years he had great enjoyment in 'playing the snare drum for our brass band,he studied night and day to keep pace with the older members, but on account of his being so s nail he bad to give it up which grieved him very much; but this did not discourage him, the piccolo was his next study and the last day he sat up he took his lesson. All that could be done seemed of no avail, his dying testimony to his loving mother, was grand in one so young. He examined his short life, and .kit, satisfied he had done all he could and felt so happy; said he "tell the primary children to --"jcall for the Eiders"hen sick in life or death and they will so be His counsel to his older brothers and sisters happy, Y And an elegant asortnien of : T2Rj T . S Special department for Ladies' Misses' and In fan t's Shoes. O-OO- D "-- - 112, 114, 118, 118 IDiSVXlD East Temple Rivet. TAMES 2s CO. TIHHEfJS CAS, WATER & STEAM, FITTERS Agent for PvtlMSEY'S celebrated LI FT and FO Repaired on short nWcK Orders fm the cocntry promptly responded "WTAldniv --- ' JiU3. Bex SC5. 1 to. 0Tkt f Hawaiian bifciv- - 