h when only eighteen, Celia Thaxter Mrs. Croly (Jenny June) ii Terry Cook Phelps-War- d is was Rose Elizabeth Stuart iV August, Miss sixty-two- , forty-fiv- fifty-seve- All ceremonies are in themselves very silly things, but yet a man of the world should know them. They are the outworks of manners and fifty-thre- e, n, e decency, which would be oo often broken in unon. ifJt were not for ihatdefencer-whic- h keepTthe enemy at a proper dUFance. It is for that reason that; I always treat tools ana coxcombs with great ceremony, true good breeding not being a sufficient barrierngainst them. ; Chesterfield. Lou ic e Ira ogen .Guiney -is twen ty seven , "V" V" i 4If stance rem more w ooison is loriy-ouever found out the exact age of Miss Woolsey r :. O that eha ousau vxiouugtv, uui. 11 is ucucvcu uioi, cuu was born in 1845, which would make her age forty-four- , Mrs. Margaretta Wade. Deland, Con- - -- 1 1 - e, author of "John Ward, Treacher," Mrs- - Mary I apes Dudge is i3 someTjf thaTnosr who are writing now, r. juarion F fiftv-two- - - Julian Hawthorne is forty-nio- e, forty-three- , and Richard Malcora Johnson is , Arlo Bates is Rossiter Johnson is forty-nineis fifty-onBesant Walter thirty-ninThgma3 Novemfifty-thre- e be will next Aldrich Bailey WilliamH. ber, William Black is forty-eigh, General Lew Wallace is Bishop is forty-two, and he wrote "Ben Hur" when fifty-onsixty-twoJohn Habberton, the author of "Helen's. Joel Chandler Harris is Babie3," is forty-seveforty one, George W. Cable 13 forty-four- , and looks fifteen Edifard Efrrleston 13 fiftv-one- . tort v H- L Httrt- I. i II. nrivsen- is older, - j j j net is iiuuut-- - uurtytrjgui) uanies vuiuuuy Froude has. begun now to write novels at the Jbrank Iw.btockton 13 fifty, age of seventy-one- , five, William Hamilton Gibson is forty-eighsixty-seve- n e, e, t, e. n, t 1 t, .ThomasNelson Page James is-thirt- Riley was born in 1852, James Brander Matthews is thirty-sevePayn i3 fifty-ninand Jules J. T. Trowbridge is sixty-onis Verne the same age, while Edgar Fawcett on May 26th last. was forty-tw- Whitcomb e, n, e, o JUjHj PRINCIPAL POINTS IN MEMORIAM...... .. .. called upon to chronicle the death of a beloved sister and friend. Sister Jane Hone Lee died at American Fork Aug 23rd A the heartr aged &ZQr&l-Fleurky and 8 months.- -. Sister Lee, with her family has lived at American Fork for the last 27 years, and has been a teacher in the Relief Society since its organization. She was a true wife and -mother, and a good friend, and, notwithstanding she had ,beeh in delicate health for several years, she was very , diligent in the discharge of , her duty j never missing her-meetings if she was able to be there; and always bore a strong, and faithful testimony to the truth of the gospel and also to the gift of healing. She was cheerful1 under all circumstances and though a great sufferer at times, she never murmured at the providences of God, but had al- -. ways a word of encouragement for others, and a reliance on the Almighty that carried her through her afflictions' Her husband, and family feel deeply their loss, as the attached to her. The funeral was held at the 7 Meeting House and was largely attended. Several of the Brethren spoke of the good character and devotion of the departed, and also gave advice and consolation to the family and friends. The following resolutions were unanimously adopted by the Keiiet society, tnat, wnereas, the Lord has called from our midst bf the hand of death, our beloved Sister jane none Lee, tnereiore. resolved- that we recognize in the death of our sister, the loss of an able and efficient teacher in the Relief Society of American Fork ward. Resolved, that we esteem her past, faithful labors and great devotion to duty, as worthy the respect and emu..."Again . we'-ar- e' EAST, WEST, 55-yeafS -X- '. NORTH and SOUTH UNION . -- TICKET OFFICE, Main Street, Sail Lake City. INGALLS, J. V. PARKER, , C. E. City Pass. Agt. Div. Pass. Agt. " T?-- TT -- were-fondl- E E I P O RI U SALT LAKE CITY. I The Leading Retail Casla - of,.alLResolved, that we deeply sympathize with the bereaved husband and family in the loss of wife and affection d KOSSUTH GROWING OLD. ate mother. Resolved, that Tthese resolutions be spread upon our records, and that a copy be presented to the bereaved family, and also one to the Woman's Exponent for ''Eight hundred .Hungarians made a pilgrim- age to Turin to do homage to Kossuth. They had a grand banquet at which Kossuth, now aged eighty seven, made a speech an hour and publication. -- miscellaneous; T'iie without friction, nor the man perfected: without trials r - A vein of humor should be made visible without the help of a reduction- mill- - J. A. - Macon. I never have seen an idea too big for a sentejice, but I have read thousands of sentences tqb'big'Tqr'.anHea 3Iercy pntsjaOrgumenC prayer, a glass to the eye oJtandaJiMp in the hand of thanWulnS Greatnes3 is' rarely born of the multitude. Individual power is the product of a wide horizon. Inspiration springs from solitude,and the infinite comes nearer as the finite"refpdp? from the mental vision; only solitude muit not be filled with self. A W. Tomgee. ." Committee. rhetorical powers that distinguished him of old, He still mourns the dual government of the Austrian Emoiro and the rule of iW Hapsburgs, and declared .that he could not niuiu v uia native cuuuuy so joug as 11 formed part of the government of Austria. He is writing his memoirs, though he is so apt to drop into reveries on past times that the work goes on very slowly. . -- - and fifty-on- e, rawioru is .lhirt vJi viand heivroteilMrI&aaC3'-!- - w hen only twenty seven, Robert Lou is Stevenson is E. W. fhirti.hirift ... D. Howpllfl h y . , W J Howe, whose ' The Story of a Country. Town'' Bret Harte made so great a hit, is thirty-five- , -- t" sfmny TO NUUii - , thirty-one- Mary Abigail Dodge (Gail Hamilton) is at least eight-yearolder, though the records are not quite eure upon this delicato pointjrotake is EXPONENT. WOMAN'S 6i ; : : TEASDEL ' Emma Charlotte Shelley, OBITUARY. : Will be found tt 1 latest styles and pioductions . in RUCHES, EMBRODEIIIE8, UJUUVES, PARASOLS. TbAJNtt, COLLARSrIES" ophia-Minerva -- And an elegant assortmenf of Special derjartmont. fnr lexical iant's Shoes. :' - . xtici 1 t U2, 114 116 118 East Temple Street 1. MAGGIE WiH commence C. SHIPP a class in OBSTEfBICS A1ID HUBSIII& On Monday, October 14, "89. . -- ' ' - . LACES, ;. Fosfer Burgess peacefully passed away on the 1st, day of Sept at 4 o'clock p. m. at the residence of Bishop William H. Lee, Woodruff, Rich Co., Utah. She was born April 12th, 1810 in Madison, New Haven Co., Ct. She first heard and received the Gospel in Vermont while on a visit to relatives, was baptized Dec. 31st, 1831, and immediately fathered with, the saints to Kirtland Ohio, remaining there about five years, during this period the temple was finished and dedicated and she received many blessings therein, was present when the Twelve'and firt Seventy were caned and ordained; her acquaintance with the Smith family was intimate from whom she received many favors and blessings". Her testimony of the divine mission of the Prophet Joseph was true to the last. On the ist, day of July 1835 she was married to Harrison Burpee shared in the Missouri persecution a portion of the tim. btmg sick and nearly helpless, returned with the saints to Illinois and after the completion oiVthe temple assisted in line labor- - performed therein. Was one'of the Pioneer aaugnters in the settlement of these mountain .SheOived In Salt Lake City until 1862 when m .connfcr 7Witlr herrhusband Ihey answered a oil io, the Southern mission; has done work for over 1,600 dead kinder! St. George Temple; In April 1889, she came to Woodruff 10 visit cer twomeccs Harriet Carter Lee and Ruth Carter v'uima- - ine wasa firm believer in the principles of the Gospel and die4 in the full hopex)f a glorjQus Resurrection me lueeung Deyona will be a joyful one. S. C. Putnam, 7 ... 7 ,; -S- Special to the Ladies, Six Months. , Tuition, $50.00. For further particulars address DR-M- , ,mcmsi. DA-raT-fluMES- C. 34 S.' SHIPP, ' SeTenth JEasi Street. ? CO. ' TIHNERS CAS.VVATER & STEAM FITTERS ryisnj. Pumps ReDalrAd nn cv, RBtryprompHy reapouded to. "Aliri3i. EiTIJ Eai 308. SALT LAXZ CUT." 