rupted oy the arrival of the Taylorsville brass band, which discoursed some stirring music, and in the evening there was a dancing party for the jgrown people, and all enjoyed; them?elves exceedingly well, there was nothing least. to mar the days' pleasure M. A. G. iu-tfi- - of the cross. Besides the king and queen tion is that to the great This James I. was buried- - in the - vau i t. Near the - is - one of the unusual instances where everytomb rest the remains of the young Edward thing favorable has combined to make a satisVI. To the right of the entrauce is the gravo factory result. In the first place, the work of ot the Duke ot Cumberland, the hero of Cul the sculptor is superior,, and for once he emloaen, ne sa wvsvitii reverential reeling,, in ployed his power upon a worthy object. It is the centre of the eastern chapel the graves of by Bacon. The monument is large, being the good Dean and Lady Stanley. . thirty feet in height, and cost six thousand 01icerjCromwell;;ancl likmily wereburied poundsr There is a pyramidal shaft, and the near, but at the restoration they were all re figures of Britannia, Prudence, aDd Fort.i-- t u d e a re rep res en ted. The.slend er figu re., o f moved, with the exception of a daughter who was hurled the great earl is seen," in J a peaceful attitude, raarricda Royalist. From thence the de,ad body of the great protector, and near the top. Tha monument is' located close and Iretbn, to to a door, and attracts the eye in an imposing taken, with those jf Tyburnand tbere ignominrously' hanged in maun er as one "enters; ThereV islikwise" k monument to Henry Qrattan, the Irish chamchains, while the wicked Charles JLwaa reign in is bis and stead. But time pion,' with date, 1820, The eye is attracted ing righting will right all that; "Time, the test of truth, to the slatue of Wilberibrcjcbe- - Abolitionist, slaves-i- n love, sole philosopher, which never loses the man bywhosejnstrumentality-th- e ; Jamaica were emancipated, which' act was though it doth defer. ; It is a curious fact, worth notiDg, that in the forerunner of breaking the shackles of the this "vault, as- if in scornful mockery, weie slaves in the United States. . and buried'the Duke of Orraund illegitimate children of Charles II; and, in favorable contact to these, the heroic veteran General AVOMEN IN JOURNALISE!. Schonberg. - To th right of the main chapel we enter the south aisle, which contains the --Writing in Harper's Bazar on "Women in monument of Mary Queen of Scots, whose Journalism, Miss Grace V . Soper sajs: body was removed, from Peterborough cathedOne of the highest attractions in the pro ral by order of her son James I. The tomb fession to a thoughtful woman is its opportuis a splendid monument. The alabaster effigy nities for usefulness in putting the stamp of of the unfortunate queen upon it looks very handsome indeed. Ihere m majestic repose print upon worthy, objects. Even personal cannot wholly escape' "the"'," shelies, wTtH tbe familiar capVjor bonjuet, upon joarnalism,--whicher head. At tha end of the aisle," with suitpenalty of its trifling character, has a distini : able slabs and inscriptions, are William and value in a discriminating vc, and many in-- , of advantages gained stances could .be giv Mary, Charles II, and Prince Rupert. Just opposite this "place is the north aisle, and prosperity ue to the personal items of the woman reporter. which contains the tombs of Queen Elizabeth Almost every newspaper woman has a few ' and her sister; Bloody Mary. The monument favorite schemes, which she likes to" advance " to Elizabeth, designed by Fault raine and Critzi at convenient occasions for the world's good. is very fine indeed. The effigy, represents the It is known that one makes an especial study queen as advanced in life, but majestic even in of cooking schools, and helps their introduction old age. It is fitting that England's greatest into the public schools by a line now and then; queen should be thus commemorated. Never another has suggested the need of a national was the country greater or happier than ing rer reign. iSut we are all aware of the flower, and receives all communications on the fact that she bad extreme weaknesses as well as subject; another has been the first to write in virtues. "She was 'one day greater, than a favor of manual training, and having received man, and the next Ies3 than a woman." Mary, much disapproval and contempt at first, has written steadily througb the first stages of disb as her sister. Iler is buried m the funeral waa the last Roman Catholic service favor to a time of general interest in the sub- - ' held in thejabhey, wjtrr the exeptionof one ject. Great .opportunities for helpfulness are a part of the common lot of women in iournal- "ordered : by Elizabeth to commemorate the death of Charles V. In those two services the i3ra, showing the golden side of the shield of large acquaintance. A brilliant woman in long war of the English reformation was New York might point to a galaxy of Central eastern end of the brought stars social, artistic, and musical which she isle princeses, murdered in the tower, by order of has fixed in the firmament of popular support. A reporter Jn the East, engaged in the arduous Richard II I were brought hither by the directions of Charles II. Near the entrance to the and not'agreeable task of police reporting, has been the means of rescuing many degraded aisle, beneath thd monument to his patron, men and women from complete ruin. Many Lord Halifax, lies Addison. His monument, women on ne wspapers conduct quiet little emas we remember, is in the poet's corner 3Vhat a cycle of history is contained in ployment bureaus without fees, for the benefit Henry VIFa chapel alone! There are the of the many,, memorials; of the thrifty and enterprising help, and all have opportunities for eivini? but useful Ed ward the forth through word and deed more than they Henry, the short-live- d may assimilate irom dooks or experience. powerful and cruel Mary, the grand Elizabeth, It is, indeed, this constant drain upon the the uutortuuate- Mary of Scots, the noble mental and moral resources upon the sympathy Cromwell, the dissolute Charles, the bigoted and upon the heart, as well as upon the mind, James, and the noble William. that gives for women its especial J NORTH TRANSEPT. cause for Weariness and discouragement. The tlie chapel offHtnrpIrive: us&Tnad eofrher many opportanitlesVls the tes t Wend ed ouTw ay to' t be north. transept. 'It is of the journalist's character, and' as in no the is other proession is character mar ke(I" r ore poet's corner, and directly oprsite devoted to the monument? of statesmen, as the quickly in all its different shades, solxnnone other section is of poets. A prominent and are there known to be so" many and varied pleasing "statue is the one to the memory of types of development. "All sorts and con di Robert-Pee- l, with date, 1850. A statestions" of women are shown through the mirror man worthy of honor! The service whichr he of the public print Their number is equ rendered toward the passage of the reform by their individuality, so that it is still impossibill, with other excellent patriotic work, make ble to take the typical picture which would this monument-o- f special note. But by far represen t the whole in fai rand un m istakabl e the most satisfactory monument in this sec lines. The woman reporter photographed by Earl-Chatham- ' . . -- WESTMINSTER ABBEY. BY J. C. KITTUEPnE. As one looks from the chapel of Saint he sees that of Sfinr: John, "Amongthe ? various tombs we saw that of Thomas Vaughn, treasurer to Edward IV. While contemplat, ing it we thought of the lines in Richard III, "Where is Gray,. Vaughn, Rivers!" The banners that hang from the walls of this chapel are carried at the funerals of the' Duval family. ' CIIAPF-- OF ABBOTT ISLIP. The date of this chapel is 1532. The abbott foundation stone oT Henry IV's . laid the chapel. The screen is of exceptional beauty, the carving being an exquisite piece of work.. We have now come to the descriptions of what appear to be rather strange objects, namely, the wax figures. They are Tound over the chapel of Saint Islip, and were carried at royal funerals. In early times it was the custom to bear the bodies of the deceased king3 and queens exposed upon a bier, as is represented in Shakspeare's play of Richard III, at the funeral of young Prince Edward. J5ut at a I8ter date.wax erngie3 were substituted in their seab That of Queen Elizabeth is of as it was probably, the first one importance, " made, and as thereiwas great mourning at her funeral. The due of Charles II is next in order. . Once it stood over his grave in Henry VIl's chapel. There is a figure of General luunK. milium auu iuary are togeiner, auu near them Queen Anne Earl Chatham and Lord Nelson are there also. The one of Lord Nelson is of especial importance, as it is dressed in his garments. All the figures are attired in rich and appropriate costumes. We wonder if those specimens were the origin' of modern wax work. . . ' - This chapel is a great feature in the abbey. It is the lavish monument of a parsimonious king. The fact of its construction has something of the fl:nnearanie.thaL.ilLJEas ..intended to-convey to posterity a different impression of, hu character from what it really was The. building in its day was a (fine- -' piece of work, with its fretted-rooand quaint carvings, and a sufficient amount of the effect of the architecture, remains to give us an inpression of its magnificence. An important feature, of the f chapel is that nearly all of England's sover- eigns from Henry VII to George II were buried there. When about to survey Hheebapel one looks from the portico and sees every phase of Gothic architecture, from the time of, Henry III to that-- Qf Henry VIII. 7.ITT'' We next advance toward the eutrb-ttcand cometcK4h3h:great,)ras3 dooryrwith flewrde lis represented upon it. As we enter the chapel .we sea to thedeft: thecjcarve4 stalls .the rquain t wood en car vinprepresenling'" monks ridiculing their brethren; also the long rb ws of fiagssuspended from the roof, showing the orders, of the bath. Nearly in the centre stands tbelarge tomb of Henry and his Queen, Elizabeth of York. Tbis superb piece ot workmanship was made by " Fietfo Torri-giernand ' cost the modest sum of 1,500 pounds. The tomb is of black marble,' with figures of gilded copper. Upon, tba altar inside there is a leg of Saint George and a piece e . -a- nd-ab0ve ; o, -- . - h - " -- -- Fame-tom- - . $-t- ll . , - to-Journ- " After-leavin- g '.. : -- -- lir " 