WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 48 the Vest struggle for those' inherent rights which every true friend of humanity-woulwillingly lahor for. The pothers of4he nationr should: certainly take an interest in the laws that govern them, and if'allowed to yote would sustain good wholesome laws administered hy just, upright are above .bribery. .men-whlTml Offiees of every kind. Now, it a not the the women are asking for at presenbut the are Officers, they waut their choice. Ihey to them, and pleading for what rightly belongs is not far distant firmly beleive that the time when-the- ir rights and privileges- will work, alon" naturally. But it is well to keep the, the subject a brewing. In the meantime women of Utah should improve their opporfor tunities, cultivate energy, and without these we cannot hope to accomplish the grand work auylhing. and be united in - which is before them, study the laws of their on the country and get themselves posted true science of government, that they may be labor intelligently in the cause. It would the-toto "think we could-g- o to the height of the ladder the first leap but step by step we will climb until the uppermosrround is gained. Onward and upward should be our all motto, and trustin God and the success of women to equal rights and privileges will be sure, uoci gpeea me uay. Yours in the cause of right. S. d 'I I. A. of Union Ward held June 17th,1889, mmpnrinjr at two r. m. Meeting opened by singing, "AH nature invites, etc."; Prayer, by Bishop I. Phillips. Singing, "Improve the shining moments," etc' After which the minutes brthe"lasrtwoTmeeting3 wero read and approved; roll called giving credit of four M. officers and S.7 Y. e members. reading of follow;-- : Duringlhelimc .. iVaYurid'er therinfluence of the cancer I passed my 70th birthday. drank a decoction made I would mention' that I at first with a very little of burdock and sourdockor yellowdock, used ..with the be but . this should unslaked and with the ut- advice of those acquainted with its nature, most caution. v -l- " . ime-added., . Sarah Merrill. , the Programme conmanuscript paper by Lizzie Walker, it tained some very,. iiiteresting. and instructive contributions from the members of the association; a letter from Sister M. A. Ball, wa3 also read by Lizzie Walker; song, Martha R. Brady and Martha. E. Cole; correspondence, Laura Denney and Ann M. E. B,. Evans; orean" solo, Annie Stone; recitation, , Mary Anderson; essay, W. A. bmart; seiectjieaain Emily Oborn; President Sarah Buxton then spoke a short time. Song, Annie Montier; recitation, Emma M. Burgan; recitation, Sarah Jbraay the sneakers were Bishop I. Phillips, Coun selor M. H. Brady, John A. Barrett and Brother Middleton. President Sarah Buxton made a few closing remarks. Benediction by Counselor M. H. Brady. . ".7r:". in order, including Refreshments were next then passed were ice and cream strawberries around. , AknM. E. B. Evans, Sec. r " ; Brigham City, J uly 23rd ...1 889 , ;: - : ; : ZIJ r r. - : : ': J : self-relianc- e, It. thirty-fiv- as -- p of-fol- ly all-ou- T?PnnrFnf tho rpunion meeting of the Y. L. -- o I continued the Cranberries and nothing elseit dollar untill it drawed in t commenced getttog. smaller, ' " cotton. pustufeTnd white threads like spool of .three months. The wound was entirely healedjnside L. REUNION. ' ljllillli PRINCIPAL POINTS " . EAST, WEST, NORTH and SOUTH ; - Mrs. Florence Howe' Hall and Mrs. Maud L. M. I. A., AND P. A. REPORTS UNION TICKET OFFICE; Howe Elliott have undertaken to write an account of the life and education of their Main Street; Salt Lake City, . TITURBER, PIUTE COUNTY. the late . father's deaf, dumb and blind pupil, C' E. INGALLS, J. V. PARKER be glad On Friday, June 28th, the Stake President, JLau rjLjD, Bridgro an .Tbey-wi-ll Div. Pass. Agt, Gen. Pass. Agt. . Sister-Elizab- eth Bean - with her Counselor to the etc. letters, papers, elating Thirza Thurber, also Brother- - George Bean subject. Mrs. Hall's address is Scotch Plains, visited our settlement, held meeting here at N. J., and Mr3. Elliott's, Newport, R. L Welcome, ten a. in. Opened by singing, As the Woman "a" Journal goe3 to press, best df all good meeting?.1 Prayer by Geo. W. Stringam, singing, "The towors of Zion the monument to the Pilgrims is receiving. Jts dedication at Plymouth, Mass., with elaborate goon shall rise;" Sister Thurber was the first ceremonies. But the best way to honor the speaker, she gave 'us many good instructions forefathers and foremother3 would be to carry on various subjects,, exhorting us to be faith fnl in our. dutie?, careful mothers in all our out to their logical conclusion the fundamental acts, showing good examples to the young principles of a righteous commonwealth, and v SALT LAKE CITY. to who of to halt went she enfranchise the but that never she said population meeting people; was benefitted by it; we should be punctual in are still taxed without representation and gov-- , attendanceprecommended short meetings "and; erned without consent. Ex. Aug 3, 1 889. The short sermons and to take a good spirit with us women Mrs. Zerelda McCoy and other are and we would have a good meeting. We should the following pledge among the circulating improve our minds by reading -good books Jterr tory-ns - es nnd so orr peeiajly t ehu reh works,-sermoIVhereas, The right to representation in the said she felt well in her labors, prayed God to government is a cardinal principle of American bless all in the name of Jesus. Republicanism, and whereas the men of WashOur Stake President, Sister E. Bean thought ington Territory have" on three separate octhe small attendance at meeting was due to casions enfranchised all citizens without diar: the people being out on their ranches dairying crimination on account of sex; therefore ' etc and after transacting business in appointResolved, That we, the undersigned electors, ing a grain committee counseled the Sisters to will refuse to vote for the ratification of .the pray for wisdom and be wise, ad vising as many-a- s new State Constitution, unless it contains a could to take the Exponent as it was full provision conferring upon - women of good instructions; if we were in trouble to citizens on equal terms suffrage Will be found tb latest styles and productions with men. .... make God and confident our in secret in pray and draw near unto him and he would draw XACES, RUCHES, EMBIIODERIES; ' FAKS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, near unto us. Brother Bean also gave good CANCER CURE. on the of instructions storing grain; advise)! of careful for the tho be children to mothers And an elegant assortmenf of Dear Exponent, powers of evil are abroad. Brother Stringam " Thinking it woijjd be interesting to your numerous read2D 13. had been highly edified knew the spirit of God I write a sketch of my experience with" a cancer. I ies remeinhcr the ers, Misses' and In - was with us hoped we would Special department was taken with shooting-pain- s fn my left breastHn a few v;.-- r fantKhoes. instruc-nonsnvhad heard. Brother Mansfield I 118 it was 112, East 114, 116, ;'I.rprpved-to"besecancer. thought Temple Street knew the Relief Society: formed an important days cancer, I procured Cranberries, and had them pounded to bless U3. in into a part in the Church", prayedGotL which I applied twice a day. I sent for the M. Counselors II. Bullard and Elders,poultice, labors. our Sc CO. who administered to me arid blessed me and Eliza G. C. Brinkahoff made some closing promised me I should Tl TIMERS CAS .WATER A STEAKl FITTERS get well by continuing the poultce. remarks short but to the;. points . Closed by I had great faith in the ordinances. After the first application y Agent for RUMSEY'S celebrated LIFT and FO UCE singing. Benediction by Matthew W.Mansfield. I felt no more shooting pains, they all came to the s urfac PUMPS. Pumps Repaired on short notice. Orders from . Sarah. C. Meek?, President.-;in pustule, in six weeks a raw "place as the country promptly responded to. large as'a dime wa Betsey 8. Goodwin, Secretary. ' formed, around that came a blue feiTAiirMt. EA7I2 3HIZ3. Esx 355. SALT LAZE CIT7, spot as large as a half . T . . EMPORIUM EA&LE v : Leading Retail . JVOlej3-fAVashingto- ri 1 RTF "rp - . . Special to the Ladies. " AT TEASDEL'S " IT -- O-OOD- S: for-Lad- e IDrXlD T.IE!3 ' 1 - 