of it. That day pant, and now what ? well much more womanly, than depending upon what ! 'one taken up from another century and some male relative for maintenance and supget down in this, would wonder how we occuport. . Besides man v women are suddenly left pied our time; and yet we hear women every helpless and alone, by the death of husband or day saying, "I have eo m?;ch to do." Well father, nndihnw dpfolatflnouch.-circum- one's needs or. wants increase as civilization stances will she be", ho ha3 never been taught reiches a higher "state, all that imnliea Thi3 is one of the" lessons" work to keep up with the times; gtid where we thoughtful f70men are learning today, and it tma Iff nave to. scrub Uoor3, we now have car- will be a legacy better than wealth, for it will pets, and if we wear more ruffles and flounces, not take win3 and fly away. Then success to we do not do half of the embroidering in lace," "the young lady of the age, if she cannot spin muslin and linen that our grand mothers did. flax at the little wheel, she can make a far We bake more cakes, and make more nastrv. her intelligent' face, wheru prettier picture,-witwhich is a very great drawback, for as a comshe sits with the crown ot motherdood upon. we ,peevl.-hinget pensation, dyspeptic, and her thoughtful brow, caressing her first bapy in proportion. Wie ouL'nt to eat Aunt .m. our fruit, without pastrylto make us sick, and dispense with rich cakes altogether either for ourselves r or company. That:wouldIbe one LIANTIII. towards step economy and expense, and we should have so much the more time. to read, inWe are baptized for the dead, and believe struct our children or exchange friendly inter tbatr they in the spirit world take , up their ' course with our neighbors. vork among their spirit companions, just as , In commencing this article I said, what vouner we do here. I have been led to wonder if. women do, and do not do; that " was the' first ' thereis a spirit form of baptism there, answerparagraph, and the last to be woven into the ing to the real ordinance here, by the followcuapier. ueu iueu 11 seems 10 me, tnat tne ing dream: In 1885, in Bountiful, Davis Co., Utah, oung lauies 01 touay ao not appreciate tneir Not that I think they meanto be where I now live, of walking in leadings. at all ungrateful, but their surroundings are so another country, into a city softly overshadowed pleasant, and their associations sojiappy, in by a golden .light like a delicate mist, most contrast with the past, that it i3 scarcely to be beautiful and soothing to the eyes. Quiet as a credited as real. The opportunities for gain- - Sabbath, I could see groups of persons m fair 1 fs r rr lr ri n u? It A va A Ji a fa n! m 1 i :attiregoing all inraneTlrrection. Thendoor3 of many comforts and embellishments for the dwellings stood ajar, their inmates all gone out. home, that beautify aud give charm to domestic After wandering awhile through the peaceful and social life, all these in detail add to their streets I ventured to enter a house to rest, and cup of blessings; and if they are wise and lay soliloquized: ul am a stranger here, knowing no one, in all this city." Thu3 reflecting I up treasures of wisdom and understanding, now in the days of their youth, they may be turned to survey the room, and observed a much better qualified to fill the responsible large the picture surrounded portrait of a man, ; wife of and than those who mother, positions by delicate sketches illustrating the labors of his life; underneath was the name LIANTHI; hardships to endure. Youm ladiesbelieve and under this the inscription, "A little one in me, you have work to do, which will require thekingdom of heaven." The five groups 13 ad self-dependen- h d d 7 .WfcJ iwj.nJViM. - also in regard to teaching our daughters the - - iU , 1 ce. . low-spirite- Monday, Jan. 21st, we held a special meeting, and were blessed with the. wise and fatherly counsel of Couri. E. N. Freeman, of the Stake Presidency, on our duties a3 wives and mothers . a tt3 i F an 1 " 1V y i J. R. McNeil spoke. of the jju ties renting upon the sisters in visiting and administering to the sick also many other duties. We had a time of rejoicing; the Spirit of the Lord wa3 with us, and we felt strengthened for our labors in this portion of the Lord's vineyard. We are surrounded by the red men of the forest, and our every action ij closely.- - scanned by them. They compare our actions with those of other people with whom as sisJbey cojne in. contact, and we feel that ters we are doin? a ood work anion rr thpm hv .Bishop " . i and-critici- sed ouroome example. Ever praying for the Spread of the Gospel and the redemption of the tribe of Israel, I am, Your sister in ihe Gospel, . Phebe - A. McNiel, Prest. A PRIMARY SURPRISE. .. On Friday, the 18th of January, Primary children of the 6 th 1 889, the Ward of Logan had a very pleasant time. Their President, Sister Emma Pike, would be fifty years old on Sunday., the 20th; Friday being their usual meeting, day, they desired"lo take time by the forelock." On entering the house she was greeted with a sweet song frpm the children "Gather them into the fold." Prayer was offered by Fred Turfaer, a Primary boy. In the center of tne meeting house was spread with the good things usual to make a picnic, and in the center of it a large birthday cake was placed, with the name and age of our President on it, made by some of the older girls of the Primary Association. Our acting Bishop,;Fred Turner, also our Primary and her the Stake President, Sister Jane Molen, cchescribedamissionaiypreachinga A. Second Mattie Sister Counselor, Hanson, though you will perhaps not have the opporGo3bel; also performicg the ordinance of bap-tisAdeline the Sister Relief Society President, in clear streams, while thousands waited tunity of spinning on the little wheel, you Barber, and also the President of the Relief will find needful work lying all around you. upon the banka. I recognized these colored Mothers ought to devote a goodly portion of races as the North American Indians, and the Society of .the ward, S jster Lizzie Tcwnsend and many others had assembled to greet Sister iuo uiue m luauuuig meir cnuaren oy tne white people as the long line of his own Pike. . fireside, and in my soul I pity Jh at woman, .who had passed into the spirit world be The children gave their usual exercises; a Twho thinks the work, which must be left un fore him. , 77: the oldest girls formed a committee and done when she is gone, of more conseouence the elo and solemn, pathetic I gazed upon some beautiful window curtains to than the moral or spiritual lessons she is capa- face ot the preacher, his black hair in presented quent Sister Pike; a handsome book, entitled, "The III A At imnaMlniT m.hflf" llljnnn n loose curls upon his shoulders, his right hand women of well informed .iu regard gracefu ly u plifted , the forefinger pointinglfp-ward- , Light of the Nations,' was given by Master to the duties of lifc- v- If they act according to and those "eyes glo wing and tremulous ' Fred Turner, and another pretty gift by a little boy to whomT Sister Pike had administered in the light which has been given to them, there with power, and charmed, enthralled with blisssickness; also a beautiful book of winter scenes is scarcely anything in the power oK women to ful fervor I asked myself, "Who js he? I know and a sweet poem composed for the occasion do, but they may succeed in accomplishing. that somewhere I have met that soul!" beautiful crazy This is designated an-a- ge ok refinement and When I awoke the dream returned and like by Sister Mattie A, Hanson; a with Sister Pike's name on patch culture; and a school education is attainable a flash came the recollection . of my great it, was given to her by Ragna. J. Johnson, the by all; certainly the superior advantages engrandfather, who had a Puritan father and Secretary, and many other presents were given joyed must have a tendency to lift up and Penobscot mother, and after his Christian eduelevate, unless there is correspondingly strong cation claimed that he was divinely called to to her, after which a lunch- was partaken 'of by all. y eouiueraeuug miiuences, detracting ana bear preach the teachings of Jesus Christ. Seventy f ana downwards. xMany pleasant Whatever forces of this years he followed his mission, jieard of cneenng tnings were -ing . a - , . 1.:.. j n Amu muy exist iney ougnt not to anect in but died Without receiving hh desire said to our Presidentcalculate(tto strengthen any great degree the Latter-da- y Saints, whose to investigate it. Then a work was done for htiifor the Primary labors, and give her courprinciples of faith, and knowledge of the truths him in the house of the Lord, and J doubt not age to meet all the duties and vicissitudes of of heaven, should lift them above the seducing he took up his labor in the spirit world, for the life. Mayushe live long to continue her labors allurements that hinder the onward and upward face of Lianthi in my dream was the same that among the young, and have" strength 7o mind andrly-tofullidif- e's looks forth from the canvas" in the old home : wish of the officers - and children of the 6th"" what conclusion sh a we arri ve at t Whft the face of the Rev. John Harriman. of Logan.. consequently that the condition of woman toAugusta Joyce Crocheron; ; Ward We had a very pleasanHeBtertainment-t)a---Fridaday israucbbetter in every respect than- night, Feb7thrin::the house. The house was well filled with women of the future, will, judging from 'the ITEilS NEW MEXICO. ;ROM outlook of the present, far su rpass us who are peo'pleTand the children did TtteirartS'iweillr'7' and It was really a success. 1 r 6oW2 upon the staore of action. Woman k Exponent:Editor Ragna J. JonNsoK. . learning to ihink, act and reason forrfherself, not to hang her conscience on another, or pin The Relief Society of this place was organs her faith tohe sleeve of any one. Young ized four years ago, since which time we have in 'The Story of an Afribeen laboring in a quiet way, doing all the can Farm" says there wa3 never a man who gins are neginmng to comprehend that em ployraent, suited to the capacity of woman by good we can, visiting the sick, comforting those ' said one word for woman but he said two for which she may earn an independent living, is who mourn, and administering to the needy. man, and three for the whole human race. . -- 1 1 1 5 . -- ni rela-tiye- 3 , few"-6f- 1 pin-cushio- n, - Mor-monis- mi : . . 7 11 . y - - ' . - . I - - 