4 WOMAN'S EXPONENT, WOMAN'S EDITORIAL NOTES. to the world in its columns; and this written t estim ony cannot 'be in ..vain. . I tis a portion of EXPONENT. We have also received an exquisite bouquet of good seed sown, and perchance some of it may mountain wild flowers that gladdened the eye and fall in rich soil, and spring up and bear fruit to Editor. ' E.f.fELLE B. WELLS, brought up many, tender memories. These were : : the honor and glory of God. .' the gift of Miss Annie -- Christiansen of Farming -- Published In Salt Lake CityrUtntr. Terms: ThercultivatiorrT)f iiterature in every ageof. the ' one copy ono year, 1.00; wjo copy six jmonths, 60 eta. Ko world and among every people is one of the chief ton. deduction made for" clubs. City papm delivered by mail, sources of refinement and advancement. Time We acknowledge with much pleasurethe gift of extra for pen tag one year, 25 eta. was when was it for considered women not proper Eacb square, ten hues of nouparell a box of choice flowers and among them a perfect Advertising rati. to edit papers or write for them;but that day has pace, one time, 2.50; per month, S3.0& -- A liberal discount fig on its stem, from Mrs. M. O; Kelting of to regular advertisers. are and the at time there a past, present quite perfume: was so intense of papers, and solelyclevotea to Woman s number that its sweetness filled the. house. Many thanks gate east of Pesoret News Oftloo. 13u.Hiness hours from' 10 a.m Work and Advancement. And every person who to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday for the. delicate favor. .. desires to see. tha. women of 2ion make rapid proAddrewt jalLtuesscQmxmialcatjonto On Tuesday 7th, of May in company with gress in knowledge and intelligence, should rePUBLISHER WGMA N!S 'EXPONENT, President Zina D. H. Young of ' this City, and member of this that is much done the through Salt Lakk City Utah. press. There is far too little attention given to Sisters Sarah S. Richards and v Hattie C. Brown of Ogderi-w- e visited "Hooper, Weber County, to Entered at the list Office in Sail Jsike. City, Vtah, a.y home read.ng and home conversation upon topics Second (Jlm$ Matter. ::.".. of interest. If much more time was devoted toT attend a roeeting of theRelief Society, Mrs. " Adeline Belnap presiding. There was a good educational culture, and much lessL"toJfrivolous of the sisters in the vicinity though the -. Salt Lake City, June i, 1889. games and nonsensical talk, the .wisdom of ..this generation would be increasedand more lofty day was disagreeable which very likely hindered and sublime Ideas -- find expression, in language many from coming. We dined at .Bishop Belnap's THE WOMAN'S PAPER. and enjoyed the visit there very much on account be exalting and purifying in its tones. of meeting there one of the illustrious women of With the new volume" of the Exponent, let us The Woman's. Exponent was issued on the . the early days in the Church, Sister Mary JCnight hope Tor an .increase of interest in woman's de first day of June, 1872 Seventeen years azo the widow of Vincent Knight mentioned in the Book partment of literature, and the sisters' aid in sus day being chosen for its coming forth in honor of -Doc tnn e a nd Co ven an tsrr Wera lso"h"adan in taining ihat,which- 4or4beijrwD-speml-befi- f tne birthday of and advantage, and to give them scope and op: teresting conversation about Mexico with Brother its staunch friend and advocate He expressed Stowell who drove the carriage over from Ogden portunity to express views, opinions, and truths himself on one occasion to the writer as wishing on all the variety of subjects that are suited to with Sisters Richards and Brown and look us to it to be kept in its original form, and referred to their tastes, inclinations and circumstances. and from Hooper Switch to our destination. the Millennial Star, saying he had always been Wejru.suhe.Pj:esidents-oOn the 24th of May Bishop Miilen Atwood of .glad that the size and form of th er paperhadt"been in all the several branches, will use their influence and he wished that to be an ex kept the same, ine nin ward, attained the ageof seventv-tw- o to extend thp. r.irrniatinn anHv w w" t, for the Ex iijc dvn x 11 ample PONENTprlwords" to tha tT effect. the young people of honor, their .mJlls in duties perform this if and respect, . iv-l-l, m ; We are aware that there are many of our readers do, it will be an Warn nnrlr the auu iiiauacuiCXil OI U1S niv .oiv, matter for all concerned. easy who view this matter differently, and have been Counselor, Nelson Empey, prepared a party for hands make light work. little IpaperbeUer. Many him; and all was arranged- so quietly, that it dress and style, and in the form and keeping of a Proved a perfect...surprise, and the affair was mi-PRLMARyCHILDRENSr-DAY- T deed a complete success, ' and very enjoyable. the benefit, education and development of thought The tabl were handsomely decorated with T.h?..first day of June is a' sort of red - letter- day of all - the sisters in the Churclrand to make it flowers, and the refreshments were among the Latter-da- y Saints, on account of its dainty and " ,x .correspond Aq the Ineeds of tiie largest number th'e aawSeF:'fB'righam' President . Wilford Woodruff and Pretempting. hlv!rg"en and adapt It to their conditions and circumstances born. In his life time his sident Geo. Q. Cannon were family were in the present, and each has ever been the object of the editor. We admit madea few congratulatory remarks. it in some way in which that irwas our wish to make the Exponent a Apostle F. D. Richards .pronounced the and since his death some participate, blessing upon the weekly, and keep the price the same, but that, we it has, been made by them, when it recognition which was M food, served gracefully was at all by the young found at present, to be impracticable, and ihVr. ladies to of the ward. practicable, There had been a programme bring the family together. fore decided to reduce the price in order to in For-- few forlhe prepared years past the Primary Associations evening including an address by crease the circulation'which wehope may be a nave made some sort of demonstrati Dr. Barney, which we will give in our next issue. successfurvenlure,"and feel that it ought to be Meantime the Exponent extends the Stakes of throughout is as it the only paper iu the Territory hearty con published so general as to be spoken of as the i grattulatlons to the venerable dollar a yearrAlso at present, the Bishop, with many Primary at a only I 4M LUC in irn " t'lUUtl lllirur j woman s paper them to make this a general holidav evn in jnr Since the woman's paper has first been pub- We have examined the work entitled W "Treasure as in tms climate the first hf -- House-o lished it has certainly been a power nnri semi-monthl- . . y, . outhern-Galjbrnia,ii7T- he . " -- -- .'. , at-teqda- that-woul- d -oi- - ays onghain-Yoirajho-Avas'aTw- f tv . un 4 1 :: 1 th, ne ...... ... 11?'". - : r-- Stmely - . habit-ofcelebrati- ag "all-coul- -- " -- a -- i UK-- fl. .n-Tn- good amonff Jhe neoDleManv. Zeicr testimonies have received of its k we J doing a good outside in the work, missionary world, and in many a lonely cottage in the new settlements and colonies it has carried joy and comfort with and it, it has certainly been the means of developing much w - ;wv iucic are, . tnose men. andwome Tmv cue uuw iimunffineaDlestauihnrC ."na. -- Mn I ll ! c . , " . And there-- ; aremanl-fmo- nT reasons why it should be better sustained. It contains the of the organizations the . . . history . women ot the Church, and in a measure the J great history prwonienThemselves, and it aUn bodies .the expiefsipnrihe "thoughts, feelings and convictions of the majority of the sisters. The Mormon women are considerably known through he Exponent. jells of them, and ruth has been a uv.uii.iicu inrotfoh r pages, and from strangers who have obtained copies while visiting here, we have nfn-letters of inquiry-askinfor further information. ,v uu.evtr awaKens tnoughts upon Mormo'nismw rs wui-uu- Vnnnnr thelExPONENT. na wild-flowe- g .is.surewprihitryatiDg sister has the t.La opportunity to bear her testimony , th,r- r.r oftwo or thWe hundred of -- - 1 uuuai TcaatiferLifeTixthl Refine the", children vcuM.eamngs wiu training to of them Howeverthey will not be deprived of the pleasure' : n r a nil i n i iK. 11 i a K as 11, . bten i u g SJ-D- I 7 arranged Pnhe - fbllowtn Saturday-Ju- ne music will be engaged to Sth.T band of .ugu, play, and there, will be exercses and games for their amusemen Vand it will no doubt be a gala day to the litti; one l - ... "ucfcweveaot reference to Uiese matters. . : President d any anxiety in beouncLrauch-valua- ble , sen, we ,. Prices. mort anrt "yy v . . sionanrl will cnim success. The different Primary Associations m prov.de smtable persons to'tikS the ch,Idren so that there in be special charge of no danger from carelessoess and tSe thesJ formation, given in a way that wilt perhaps one desiring to look up the matter, going half a dozen volumes. In these days, when seems so importiant a factor," a book of this a : n or . iff thecTritarytoeTOeTr Jt edited by Henry B. Scrammelf, assisted by experts in every deparment. It most assuredly is mul-tur- n tnparvo, and would be a most useful book in the household. It h divided into six general departments, which include specific, brief instruc- tion in a sort of practically. First, Chemistry-an- d Health ; Second Domestic Life; Third Farm Interests; Fourth, Mechanical Arts- - Wiftu nr "" hills for : - or ha vJ nor on.. A.. a. exer-cises. The first of June is usually warm and bright and the flowers are in the height of bloom and perfection of sweetness. This year the children in Salt Lake Stake have Deen disappointed in their day on armnnf r 1 -- C . vaU t i ; k in vvw.v,liC11v piam type . save over time kind" $3.r0; pmncloth ' ra&t; for reading H. A On Fnday, April 26th, ,889, at 4, p. nual the an- - o; the Primary Association of the Ward Was held in the meeURg Assembly Rooms CMWrS aml Bishop Atwood nfWrf ,1 openmg prayerrchiTdren sang "Son of the Seasons.". Minutes. read and accepted" . 