WOMAN'S EXPONENT, MRS. HUMPHREY WARD. his physician, however, and, having changed mind as to the law, he studied medicine under ' Mrs. Humphrey Everybody knows how Dr. James Jackson; and then spent three years Ward writes. Many know how .she looks, but Cabroad. studying That- -Butiwhlleuedieine funiMicd him vatii wcrkr :few have beard her da so in Dublin,"" under circumstances litepaturc .pmrntcd a iithi for ariiU?einei which enable many friends (Americans, a few The year lie received. his medical decree (18J0) mnna therrrt to hear her. will not surprise you to he published a book containing his poems the so much when Iaddthather father is one of- that date. --This volume contained one of. mixtKft lipsf. known in the learned society .t delicatehe.-- t known as well as the mo-J and is. an. undisputed. of the Irish . capital, tures of the comic and the pathetic in all his of important ' number authority upon a large "The Iirt Leaf, . pieces """esprit of the various literary Dr; Holmes served lor a while as professor subjects. The a club known Dartmouth, and institutions here finds vent-i- talk-in-debat- she-shou- e ld - iiatomand n pbysiology-a- t the apartments the. leading Protest- of C. H. Oldham, one of Harvard. While he 13 not known to " s-the . eintI, which she did not discard, its copious folds, as she sat quite falling around her, sybil-likeat ease, simple and free from that she was the cynosure- of a brilliant company. One would not call her beautiful or even a handsome woman; but she the impresses every one with the dignity, strength and. thereservo of her intellectual force, and is as amiable and kindly in manner as if she were, the unknown author of ''Miss -Bretherton," instead of, perhaps, the most widely known novelist living, and the undoubted successor of her illustrious country .woman, George Eliot. I am not sure that the latter phrase is justified, for Thomas Arnold went to New Zealand in his youth as an in- - r spectbr of schools, and from that country was "" transferred by - the - British colonial office, of which he" was a subordinate, to Tasmania. There he married Julia Sorrel, granddaughter of a former governor, and there Mary Augusta their eldest daughteiy"was born. The relationship between father and daughter, strange to say, is the foundation of "Robert Elsmere" the intellectual and moral relationshiprfor, all ' gossip to the contrary, it is true that in the evolutioa and devolution of her father's relig-io- us beliefs the daughter found the genesis of Old it will be her remembered, lived a good part of his august and beautiful life amid the surroundings and within the precincts that transferred so large a number of Oxford scholars to the communion of Rome. He firmly believed in the divinity of Christ, -- although somewhat disposed to Unifarianlsm in other matters. He was at one time expected to follow . Newman, but he lingered with Keble. One of his sons, Matthew, became in time the disciple more of - yet-knowin- - -- w" , 1 linU-wriUea-- sonie hero-preache- i d, . r , " Dr.-Arnol- Francis than of John Henry Newman;, but Thomas Arnold, the younger, entered, while in Tasmania, the Church of Rome. On return- ing to England he prayed, meditated, and studied at the oratory in Birmingham, within the shadow of Joseph Chamberlain's modest old home, which he has discarded for a pretentious new one; but after the lapse of a few -years, a portion t)f he peTiod being spent as professor in the now defunct Catholic university, in Dublin, Mr. Arnold discarded the dogmas of Roman Catholicism and returned to Oxford, very much in the condition of another character in the novel, who believed d m. isrpreltlll r. -- " eflemi-jieaUiilettautis- g " , -- -; self-consciousne- 7 " ertpre-birga'silyTuitedrrb- ,- e . . was somewhat hidden by her evening mantle l T " '. -- jKeUUnnythingj-butiher-gracefuI-preence-- u the-Hebre- . she would look pliable, and well proportioned; Js one oi thejnost jantlii)raej-ulersDublithe public as a wrtfejMined of insular cities. Its social life has-aldelightful ot ttie iovisiou three jui.ujcuiwi priz.es gained the repose of learned leisure. Nobody dissertations. They were published together in man among its scholars iVrich; Nearly every 1838. Besides these he has published half a of note in the higher institutions of learning dozen books on medical science. . is interesting, clever and more or less distincWhen, in 1857, James Ru?sel Lowell began The wit of the his work as editor uf a new magazine called the tion in some special pursuit. Irish race, which is said to e declining ajnong Atlantic Monthly Dr. Holmes was called upon makes to put a shoulder to the wheel and start the t he middle class Irish as schooling them too literal, flourishes, not without a new enterprise on the road to popular favor. "The. flavor - of th e conservative, perhaps in th e H-began with a series of papers called "Autocrat of; the' Breakfast Table." Twenty-five- , cpsmopolitan. series within of walk anarea of a few, acres in A years before ha had begun a tt,', nnnlJn Iid rlaitnp tn Rrn. n. a thevarticles with that title for the New England r "'TVil.i;., ! I, U a! 1 n .1 Ilaaazme. The papers not only aiececsiully pertorm tneir auties in counecuoiy wuu iuc launched the magazine, but when published m school Edward Dowden, the Shakespearean book form became the most popular piece of scholar Professor Galbraith, Dr. Mahafly, the works on social life ill literary work bearing the author's iiamenot -- authofof various 44 ndeed they Greece and the Art of conversation," who is" only then but ever afterward . I were bo fascinating that the public"' eagerly : now in America; Anthony Traill, the natural -Abbott, philosopher; --Th6ma3-Kr .abiorbe'dlcverjl Proscholar; Dr. Robert Ball, the astronomer tha. Dr. Holmes would write about. "The fessor at the Breakfast Table" and. "The ..Poet, royal, and Samuel Haughton, of who Darwin relates in one of his letters in the "Life" that at the Breakfast Table" followed "The Autocrat," and are still regarded among the he told the Geological Society in Dublin in 1859 that the speculation of Darwin and Doctor's best works. Inverse Dr. Holmes has touched' very little Wallace would not be worth notice if it had that is not especially noted for the .sparkling not the weight of Lyeli's name supporting its rither than, the promulgation; Prof essor Haughtonis. Bourbon in science as in many other things. pieces, however, in which there is the true this Lord DufftrLn is chancellor- - oi the poetic ring. Perhaps the best specimen of kind of verse in his works is "The Chambered Royal university, of which Thomas Arnold is .Nautilus." The most marvelous' feature, how-- , lecturer on English literature. In the same ever, about him is the work which he has been institution are Dr. Sigerson, the author of able to do upon occasion. Let there be a "Irish Land Tenures" and a volume of adHe is also a practicing meeting of his classmates to celebrate their mirable poems. a a dinner of doctor's, supper physician of eminence, and an ardent nationa ptst in college, called be would Holmes Dr. of author upoii list. One m ay f find here any number of to cook up something choice in verse to grace stories about Burke of "Burke's Peerage,' when the feast was which .was written in a little room in this the literary menu. "And " ancient town; and many lovers ofArchbishop set the Doctors dish would not only be dedoctors or authors, Trench delight in recalling the pleasant hours voured by the classmates or whole the be seized but would public. spent with that charming man in the years upon by when h'e was devoting himself a little to preachIndeed many of his choicest pieces were produced in this way. ing and a great deal to philological recreation. in life literature Mrs Humphrey Ward was a special guest of Dr. Holmes, during his long "KLie novels a the Cosmopolitan club the other night. She Vernier," wrote .only two Guardian "The and of Angel." was accompanied by her father, who is the7 heredity, study i B ey ond ins J i terary- - wor k 0 i ver Wendell second sen of Arnold of Rugby. "Tom . B ro'wnV Arnold.-.- . ..'MraJWatd-dQeaJpote- ry Holmes is known among his friends as a genial tt)niuinioTTfdes closely resemble ihe portraits of her which American he all best of have become most familiar. She is not dark, poets, poetical works," touches thejaodeim ta5teBuchpaetsji3 Will austere, and acute of facer asmight bTln-ferrefrom the sharp outlines of the black Carleton, Lowell in his "Biglow Papers," Bret Jthis school, but and white sketches. On the contrary, she is Harte, and John Hay are of Holmes overtoil them all. While the "plane of that.medium type between blonde and bruon which his poems are written is far higher nette which is popularly denominated "fair." . than theirs.' In some there is a depth or mean-- I, Her head is not strikingly large; her features ing unnoticed by the .casual" reader, but what are long and not perfectly regular,' expressive ' remains Is so good that it stands of itself. The of power and continuity rather than of "Wonderful One Iiorse Shay," for instance, Herforehead was written to 'fcho'w:dlajteig--heat--rta-- -? theHd style of combing the hair concealby But f e w o f thoi e w h gL.liii.yc r ea d it down smoothly on dtherlideV Her half has a o n i u g. know this; yet the "One Horse Shay" still lives, positive tendency to wrinkle and wave to perhaps the most popular of all the Doctor's crmiae, rather, like waves under a very gentle efforts. Foitunately for his admirers the wind author still lives, and is honomLnot as a poet, Her eyes are full, lumhcHis; and one but a an original would be venturesome to sav of what hoW- author, wit, humorist, alone, in ail inese, auu as tneiaostgeuiarand loyajji tnut. nerhana hrnum or mm; or blue. They are of 'various hues according '. tx?iieII' -- lrerCosmooditan7lrmei itH84i-iilltd-iheamehiitr-iirhe-dir- t to the external light and' the internal occupavfhen she tion. They look gravely brown thinks long at a time upon the same subject; blue and merry when they become childishly the smiles parts ihe rathex. full lips Jespecially she gives forth a upper lips" full) and a restrained laugh. pleasant, although obviously Her hands, as they escaped now and then from .silken draperies, proved to be large, shapely and artistic. ' . a way that cut in white gown; a wore She;. of the reigning style. may be called a modification It was not rigorous directoire, but presented lire' favorite long lines -- nothing. It was while he was engaged on his various text books there that his daughter met Thomas Humphrey Wardj whose father was vicar of St, Barnabas's, King's square, London, andLffihoinJiis youngerdays waas-eonserv- ative in his religious views as rhe s'Tnow indefinite- in- - thtnir-Mrs.- T Ward: assisted him iff the prearation of the critical estimates of many of the, "English Poets," their colleagues being Matthew Arnold, Thomas Arnold, Edmund Gosse,- - Andrew Lang, "George Haintsbury, Dowuden, Austin Dobson, Swinburne, the 4nffetminkterStatrle7)7-aiid- m Houghton. The conversation upon music and art which so abounds in "Robert Lord . 