WOMAN'S EXPONENT. A PRAYER. WOMAN AND HER SPHERE. to those, who mourn; God of J i fat our fathers, comfort the .' Woman and her sphere' is a theme c, wcary-heart- up tut: uum OrODlDlOa '"' Turn Thou their gaze unto Thee, From the sad earth where sleeps their departed; Help them, oh, help them tQ see would..liavfi-l)een-jio.nee- Through the vail 'to. the dawn of that Day, . Unto the City, the Golden have all passed away. Where earth-woe- s ' And, oh, unto Thee dpjtpray, For those who can point to nd grave stone ' As cause of their deep darkenedway, , - Thy Spirit, agonies reign, we inherit. woes the from And redeem . ." And in all of the perils of life To cling to Thine Anchor of love, To guide through the billows of strife, Unto the haven of rest Even that Uty the ooicten The home of the Ransomed and blest. Hope. FRIENDSHIP. TO MRS. AURELIA S. ROGEUS. There are many friends in springtime. When the air is pure arid sweet; When the roses blossom round you, -And the lilies'at your feet,- How they seek to win your favor, Gain your approbative smile, And with words and deeds of kindness, ' Your fond, loving heart beguile. - , ' ; ; . . ,.. : When the stormy clouds of autumn In the horizon appear, Friends false and faint and fickle, One by one will disappear; Let them go false friends, such friends are worse than noge,- -- 7ln an hour when most they're There you look, and lo' they're gone. ;or But the friend that is'true in winter, WTien the frosty, chilling blast Wraps its icy mantle round you, Jialfrienfoh Such a friend is like a jewel, Inlaid in pearl and cased in gold; of thlirstrby rfon tne And though earthly friends may wander Farmingtoni ' ' ' , . t Lucy A. ' ? .; on sy. to-s- u- premacy pn the cue. hand, nor abjectly Jeeling herself an inferior or a slave. The question may be asked, "Is she inferior to man in physi-- . cal strength?" She may be in some respects, while in others her morereiined and delicate organization is peculiarly adapted to the part she was designed to play in the creations of God, and among whatever people thejrefiniug influence of woman is most felt, there will be found the most .worthy and noble men; for is she not a wife and motheland a truly virtuous woman is a crown to her husband; her children rise up and call her blessed, and she is neither degraded as an inferior or regarded as a plaything; and were it not that the world tave wandered ..far from God, woman would stand in the dignity and purity of her womanhood, and desire to fill no other position than that which analwise Creator designed for her. And man instead of seeking to lower or de grade her, would cherish and respect her as the brightest jewel and greatest blessing a bene- ficent b ather had Jiestowed upon him. Nor have instances been wanting in which women, have , played ;aouJm por tan t; parts in tho history of nations. We will pass by the many instances recorded in profane"history in which women have distinguished themselves in states manship and sometimes as warriors when they sometimes saved a state .and led armies to victory. Although many such instances might be enumerated, we pass them by and turn to the Scriptures of eternal truth, where we read of Miriam, who was a prophetess; oi Ueborah, who1 iuded and fed the armie3 of Israel; of Esther who took her life in her hands to make intercession for her people, saying, "I will go unto the king, and if I perish I perish; but more particularly Jn the New Testament do we find an Elizabeth who received the ministra tion of angels; of Mary, who was counted worthy to became the mother of the Holy One; of Anna, a holy woman, a prophetess, who departed not from the temple, but served God dav and night. ; It was a woman who ofteneslminjstered to the wants of the Son of God, who bejieyed2in and followed Him; but it was not a woman who betrayed Him. Women were last at the cross and first at the sepulchre, and it was to a woman that He first resurrection, and revealed Himself honored by sending with a message to His dis- mat ne naa riseiK cTpIesvitli the joytai tmings ! from the dead; and oh how Mary's bleeding heart-'musTnroice- ;'Time, nor dust, nor heatwiu cnange Jfcem And like diamonds, they'll not mould. ... linrnnpr ovw... ... . ..1 Clark. Aiad ifwomair-was- Ltj.lw cA ij li J m lif'Or Vila burdens: it is her soothing hand that lulls the pair; of his aching head, wipes the chilling dews of death from his brow, and weeps over him wen all others have departed. tzISiiiLjYi)juia ' a motherland to her was the first promise; given of. a future Messiali; that not withstand-- " iug she' should bring forth children in pain ud""s6'rV6vV"it ""was" through" heirsecd'thatrthe-head- of the old serpent should receive a deadly bruise; ahdr bunv anxiously women of olden times desired children; perhaps each one may have secretly cherished the hope in her heart, that she may have been the one honored above all others and the mother of. the promised v r Savior. . r,l, We believe that in these latter day? womad s must still play an important part, and it wjll be found that she b still as willing to make. sacrifice for the sake of establishing what she believes to be the principles of truth and righteousness in the earth, as she .was in olden times to follow the scorned, and" persecuted n Savior to the foot of the cross; for it is a fact that when times of trial and persecution have arisen women have always been as willing .to suffer as men, and even to lay science-sakdown their hvesfor-co- n Let the women of the latter days lift up their heads , and rejoice, for a brighterday for woman is near at hand. Let them preparo themselves, for the old days of thraldom, that . . . well-know- "" e. dwarfed their intellect and marred their usefulness are rapidly passing away. Let women be true to themselves, and their power and influence will soon be felt in the land. Take a stand against wickedness, in whatever shape it o o j "i r j woman is near at hand. - Puebe C Young. EXTRACTS. Mary Maynard, in her Washington letter to the Woman's News, has some verywitty paragraphs; we quote the following in regard to Harrison's Cabinet Ed. . "The Woman's 'Suffrage Convention ha3 come fo be as certain a happening as the meet-- , ing of Congress, aid some of the people of Washington have begun to marie the year by the appearaneof Miss Anthony and her followers. As the housekeeper unfolds her evening paper she exclaims, 'Hellow, Miss Anthony is here and Spring is'coming.' And Washington has grown to have great respect for Miss Anthony and her brave army. If hopes it co rn 1 bti g "a n 1 : come annually forever. wi " They fight an houest'baUleJtfrey have7won great victories," and tha future is full of promise. ' Mrs. Lillie Devercux Blake, one of their 1 , 1 breeziest speekers, said, aft eratrrizing mascu- line political methods 'There is a great be theI:members;oLGen. Harrison's Cabinet. I'd lite to present a few named names.' ' For Secretary- Stantonfor-SecretaElizabetK Cady of the;. ry Treasury, Mrs. May Wright Sewall; for Secret curi-sityasto.wbo- , of-State-s- H hertransgressioirf-thedeath into the lav: tn hc1 PenaUy world, she was also the first to receive the glad news that Christ had arisen from the dead , if not to understand that through Hirdealhwid sufferings the originaL.sin of ur fist parents had been atoned for, and through His resur rection He had obtained the keys of death and hell, and opened the door whereby we could, by obedience to the laws of the" Gospel, once more enter the presence of the Father. 'Thu3 we find that woman has often been 1 - -- 7 rr Far awayln iimrof-ner""i"7"- . There is one who rules in heaven, He is a friend, a friend indeed. Ferns may fade and roses wither, Leaves decay and mosses die; But if you will retain his favor. You will to victory soar on high, " -- There are many friends in summer, When prosperity abounds; When kind fortune smiles upon you, And the h praise resounds; How you gaze at them and wonder Who'll be firm and true to trust, Who will stand the4est of friendship, Who will say thy cause, is just. r d. , -- IUumine the gloom with Give peace where now ' r 'the subject, for woman wouldjiave stood where the great Father designed she should at the ' head of her family, side by side with mail, his and neither equal companion, aspiring , an-wit- m"1 J"" evil iis Htu gvuu forsaken him; have all others to his wants when v. and when prostrated "with painTsickuess or T mi tor tK welfare and happiness of the huniaif race. great mistakes have been made; whei), itoau-kin- d had only been willing to accept theliin. pie laws of God, which said in the beginning, "She. shall be a helpmate for man," there ' God of Thy children below, Father, Redeemer and King, Help us Thy hakd e'er to know; reardillfr - of God; "and woe! be to man if ho cannot give n good account of his dealing with her, who often remains faithful to him through that ha3 sphere of woman and we find that in this, as well as other great subjects which effect tjie whose sad eyes turn'to the vacant chair, To the place unfilled at the table, And calm Thou their wild despair. O -- --- . ' i " honored agitated the minds of thinking men and'wonien of all ages, biit because of thrdarkuess that ha3 covered the earth, thorn is -diprItv -j . Of those who rm6uttt"their'jdeparted;'""",v"':.-'''i""v"i"- ' ,139 j tary of War, qur great fighting captain, Susan B. Anthony; for Secretary of the Navy, Mrs. for Secretary of theTnte-rior- , Zerelda 'noble Clara Barton,' and for Attorney General , Mrs. Lau ra Da Force Gordon, of California. Sha maintained that a Cabinet composed of that material :would give Gen. Hrison sucb advice and assistance that his administration would be unparalled and above .'"" criticism." , G.-Wal- lace; , ' 