7 ' ;- -. WOMAN'S EXPO NEN X. H mt L V not fhese the men who should occupy public II. B. B. would denominate die Mormon ticket; ' ' ". the majority of Gentiie women voted what is offices?- ' will were "Liberal" ticket. H. the Those as known here BB. acceept this xplanation of Wehope his article and believe that Mormon women under- the two political parties here at the time women vDtfcd since lhenthefe has beena DeTnocraticI stand the condition of the suffrage in Utah better ' "Party formed, "and in all probility some women than those at a distance. AIsolhat they are well would have voted on that ticlcct had the franchise aware of the fact that if it were in the power of still been in their hands. Mormon men, to grant suffrage to all women We fail to see why, suffrage, "cannot be fairly ,. they would not have to ask twice.; cited either way," here as elsewhere. In the Territory women voted for all elective officers, EDITORIAL NOTES. even for the Delegate, to Congress, 4he women of the Peoples' Party for the candidate whose name There will be a General Conference of. the was ofi their ticket, the' Liberals for their candi- ' LKeliefiSocietyheJdometime during April Annual" " d atei rrt h rryr it is hoped and 'expected there will How that differs from other people's voting, ConfergafT' be representative women from allr the Stakes of will H. B. B. nave the: kindness to consider ? Zion present, and no doubt much needed instrucIt is supposable that they vote for the men of tion wiil be given. Mrs. Zina D. H. Young, will their choice, so did the women of Utah. When II. B. B. talks about voting, "according 'to coun- - preside. set" he speaks not from 'knowledge but from CV. Penrose,- Editor of ihe. Deseret ATew to writes Lillie Devereux The is again at home- after an absence of over-fou- r Blake, hearsay. Woman"1 of conditions- - in Utah, having" years. We rejoice to see him again in his accustomed piaces, and to hear his voice in. the public paid a visit here fast year, of a few days, but not in in or women Mormon assemblies of the Saints. The Woman's . Expublic private, meeting ' to ascertainfrom them concerning a matter which ponent should extend cordial greeting to Elder better than must Penrose if only on account hi his strong and able necessarily understand they ookers-on, blinded those . by preujdice. especially advocacy of the woman question. to know When one goes to Boston On the fifth of March ult., Mr. and Mrs. Wm. at whaLwoman .suffrage is doing : city,o'r S. Clark, of Orange, Mass,rcelebrated the fiftieth " state, they go to the office of the woman's paper of their marriage. It is seldom that and to the representative wqjnen of that move-r- n -- anniversary husband and wife live together so uninterruptedly" e ii t, and not to" the opposition nor folhe women as they have done. No very great sorrow has tvho sit indifference; they could not come to them, and their lives have glided even and. give correct information; but when people come to it be said, "Their Utah they profess to know all about Mormon smoothly along. Truly might lines were cast in pleasant places." Out of the women without ever seeing or talking with them; seventy-fiv- e guests assembled at the Golden Wed-dinand are prepared to lecture on Mormonism, and to there were three only vvho were present on call Ihem ignorant, .degraded, and low; slaves to the fifth of March, 1839, two sisters and a brother the" men. etc. etc. of the bride. Many handsome and cosy golden It is cruel and unjust to publish such notices. were received, some of them sent from long Mormon women have as much love of liberty and gifts ' - . 11 EMMELIMi B. WELLS, Editor, : : in SaItLakeCity; Utah Term: Published one one copy one year, 2.00;, copy six months, 1.00. Ten ' "nries for the price of nine. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil discount pace, one time, ?2A0; per month, ?3.00. A literal ' to regular advertisers. Exponent office, No. 25 E., South' Temple Htrecf.eepnd gate cast of Deseret News Office. Business hours f ron? 10 a.m -"' to 5 p.m. every day, except .Sunday- . Address all business communications to A N'S EX I 'O N KNTy PUBLISH K semi-monthl- ft-W- OM 8a i.t La kr City Utah. lst 'Entered at the Office irv Salt Uike City) Vlah.m Secoivl Class Matter. . . . . -- .." - Lake City, April i, 1889. GENERAL CONFERENCE. Annual Conference of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-daSaints, will commence al. i 00 April 6th, 1SS9, in the Tabernacle, in Salt Lake r The Fifty-nint- h y City. . are " cordially invited to attend.W I LI" or d Woodr u fp, ; . TjThehalf of the Twelve Apxistlas- - " -- n The Woman's . -- -l- . and-want- s in-th- 2Teroffi UTAII WOMEN ; w T Salt - . irr-ease-a- MISREPRESENTED, Journal of March 9th, 1889, (a very ably edited paper published in Boston, I Mass.) in an article on suffrage entitled "Knows "By Its Fruits" and signed H. B. B., we find the ' following paragraph concerning Utah. g, 43f country-a- s jiijtj.n tl pressly for them, sent from Idaho and Kansas part of the great body politic. They have rights (the one from Idaho we published in our last too that ought to be respected and considered; issue) were read during the evening. Music, and never was there an act of greater injustice toasts and reminiscences of other days, perpetrated ffian the arbitrary act of Congress in speeches, with delicious refreshments were the luxuries intaking away the franchise from the women of this dulged in, and everything went merrily as at the TerritoryvMorrnon, jew and Gentilei former wedding, when both were "young and What an outcTy would be made., by all the charming- .- Their years sit lightly on them in woman suffragists if the women of Wyoming were the quiet of their New England village home, with to have their franchise taken but it is all right their children and children's children around for Utah, be catise they -- vote according to counthem . May peace, prosperity, and contentment sel." Would that all the women 'of the United also continue through their remaining years. Mrs. States would vote according to their best convictions as Mormon women did, when they enjoyed Clark is the sister of the writer, who remembers jvery detai I of the wedding in the ola home, fifty : I were-nas a the privilege ; if they would and had a full and long years ago; when the large family of boys it would be astonishing, after complete. .suflrage extended, to them, a great reand girls were all together, Those now remaining are all that has'beea said recently in" Congress '.and, m formation would soon take place in all the descattered far and wide, but-W- e are sure all join in women concerning "suflrage partments at Washington, and spread thence over loving wishes for the bride and bridegroom of fifty here, to see a report of this kind coming as it all this, free and glorious" country. Many other does from a man who ought to be rightly posted motives animate voters beside the highest good years ago, still faithful and true to the vows plighted in the long ago, and journeying on together on this question of woman suffrage in Utah and of the largest number; and known; -jLlsweH hand in and throifgtejiiHhrrgn e oiten bought for whiskey ifact ilmnrie'oles-jhand and hearts in love united . Utah is not to be cited either way because and fofolher commod ties perhaps less injurious. "every Mormon man or woman is under a Employers 0 men engaged in various pursuits FAREWELL! PARTY. influence, if they do not actually control the religious obligation to vote according to counsel." Now as the women of Utah are the party of the votes of those employed by them ; they kno w first part of this paragraph of II. B. B's, because their support depends upon it, the bread, and Editor Woman's Exponent: ' it is woman's suffrage to which he aliudeSjWe will butter for the children perhaps. On the nineteenth of February, the Teachers I and from n is on Utah the ballpt knowledge, personal general speak secret,so thaLone may. .ofi. theR this matter;"" We live in Utah and ought to know-.bette- "vote "as without any one knowing or others met in the school house for the purpose of t Ihanostorir:: J suspeciinghowdiis vote is cast, and this one firt showing their respect to Sister Sarah Jane Halli-- ' nvoman suffragelh the Territory of Utah,-thoug- h alone should be a correction of what H.'.B. B. day, (wife of Bishop George Haliiday), who has we cannot at the present time go into details, but nas said in the , 'article referred ' to..'.-- "Mormnn.. ay, in -- connection "with HhefThus bee has n often what state over the writer simply again, suffrage" says "is mere form;" does he: band to. American Fork. She has been a faithasserted of late that Mormon women voted with not kno.v, has it not been frequently declared that ful teacher in the Relief Society of this ward; and -the same freedom as Gentile women; each voted in waiting upon, the sick, she" was always on hand, for those tKey cohsidered th e best man Co repre separate ,and apart as anywhere else jn the world, we shall all regret losing" one that has been so sent the people in the offices they were selected 4o and that no m n hold, a civil office Vecause of "his r good. ' fill. Some Gentile women voted the"" Peoples positiqnim the Church. Men of .influence After all were seated, a short address, and a few Party Ticket," so we have been informed on and here as elsewhere arej appropriate lines Were read honesty integrity ,by the Secretary of good authority; that is we presume, the ticket ' selected, tpdl places of honor and of trust. Are .theReiiefSocietyA Sister Hajliday-was-th- en satisfactory both to the women and men of that the women voted Territory. For eigliteen-year- s as" as uniformly and generally as the men. Being Mormons they voted the Mormon ticket like . the men. Because tlieyo: voted they have been disfranchised by Congress, in order to lessen the Mormon power! But' Utah cannot be ' fairly cited either way, because, every Mormon, . man oriwoman, is under a reh'gious obligation to vote "according to counsel." Mormon suffrage is a mere form. It is cast as a unit under the order of the Church authorities.and does not represent any free individual choice whatever. " . . -- f-- we . - et - -- ... by-way- s, u ' ' . . He-wishe- ' .ben-called-aw- -- ' . - 0 