.'  ": ... : : . f r - .. .' " . The Rights of. the. Women of Zion, r Vol. 17. For the -.- -- r THE CRUMBS THAT FELL. Close sld& by side two neighbors lived, And both were poor indeed; 'Twere hard to say, were truth all told, Which lived in greater need; ..... his If one had work, neighbor'dnone, mouths to feed. had each And. . Each one a shaggy pony owned, And each a lean ribbed cow, - Which puzzled those of greater means; "Why do they keep them? how? For what the brutes eat would feed them. I vow ! j I'd sell them off, ' . For every heart hath some Love oi possession and kind carer Though troubles with it come. UTAH'S Nowfi - . ' right. ; Then once in wrath she raised aloft Her broom, and swift drew near To put to flight the hungry things, That showed no signs of fear; And all at once a lesson old Came to her strong and clear. . , -- leltature. And so the will of the " : L heart, so IemuretoT!laim aijarticuterrkiiwl; ede of. the use, the power of the franchise in woman's hands. And the experience which I gained with the women of Utah should not be concealed from this Convention; it belongs to you; it is essentially a part of woman's history inthfi;Teat'Republicriri3tbe best practical illustration of the problem whiah has yet been given, and it is likely, to obtain that for year to come, because in all the sevenwomen of Utah teen years during; whiK-.th- e exercised theijr right to vote, they held the balance of power between thetwojJtacs, and pre-eminen- t . ROCHERQN. : nt worjd to show where, in a singfe instance, we wielded it wrougmlly. And let me say right here, that we have not had to contend against the male opposition common in other places, for the majority of men in Utah believe that woman was designed by. the Creator to be man's companion in all things, whether in the Church or in the State, in time and in eternity, and to share dominion with him over all created things. While we enjoyed the franchise we took part in the primaries and nominating Conventions, acted us delegates, and did our share of the political business. Two years ago Congress abrogated the right . " "oioWairuflrage hi Utah; andlhousj.hds of us were summarily deprived of our.' political power. We had committed no offense against the. sacred franchise and had violated no law of our country. But we had refused to vote for our ODDonents, and, therefore, in their csti- "rnatioii we wefenot Ivorlli --same logiovvoufd-h- a ve diiahdnedmenag. well as woraeji, but their ballots were pre: ' served. ' . the women of that intimated been has It Utah were, compelled, to vote as requirelTtTy the men. This is not true. No coercion was ever attempted, and, if it had been, the effort ' rhave failed because tcraccoroplish under the law, we had a perfectly secret ballot, which put it beyond allhuman .'power to find , out h ow any person voted unless the elector chose to tell. o that women also an is It to uphold or voters of Utah used the ballot -in opposition perpetuate any system or practice common custom of or to the laws, or the will, this country. No such question was ever voted on at the polls in that Territory. Votes of men and women alike were merely cast for local officers, and we chose to elect such men it-wo- - defeated by this unrepublican one people Was man political power. Just as one who has loved and lost is always deemed the best authority upon affairs of the The choice of right or wrdng, So taught to ev'ry Christian-- heart The tale through ages long; Theugh humble be our power to point Where we shall yet belong -:- '' , the entire So comes to every soul in life January 21, 1889. all-pote- - 'tis to him. If he should come Now to his door and see, think he'd take them both away, I'd not so carelcss.be.'-- ' -- de-gre- es y chise in Utah. Subsequently an act was passed by the legisword male from: the law lature striking-th- eprescribing qualifications for holdingjofhce, eo th&t umien might be. equally eligible with men to any office in the Territory. This act never became a law because it wasIiiisapprQvediy the Governor, who is appointed withouthe consent of the' people, and his vote is absolute, even when opposed to the" unanimous vote of Yet, it's as much to me. Joyce Augusta -7- 11 In 1870 women were given the elective fran- As 3 to-sust- ain men who sit m.Congressional majesty on Capitol Hill, I protest against the wresting from U3, by the right of might, of1 that franchise which we had never abused, and wbich was our vested Robert's wife all vexed looked out, And scarce knew what to do; "The man's to blame, yet he is poor forgot, ap- k.; ; '1:r .; proval. Duriug all these years '.we. voted without d h u rban ce and without inju ry to the jnahners, morals or domestic comfort of the rhen. We were able to determine whonr we wished by our vote.?, and no one had the right, life po wer7an d , I w i gay fo r our r jmsban dsn brothers and fatht rs, the wish or desire to prevent, intimidate, or coerce us in the least We were citizens of the United States, armed with that yet peaceful political weapon, the ballot, and we challenge the Mrs. Emily. S. Jitehartls, who left here on :jk.e 13tIV,(.'lanua.ry to. .attend .the "Annual Convention of the. Rational Woman Sulfrage Association in Washington, as a 'Delegate from Utah, arrived at the Capitol previous to the opening of the.:ConveuUon, au(rva9al-- ' lowed time for an address,' notwithstanding the previously arranged programme. Mrs. Richards was received with considerable applause, and made a dtcidedly favorable impression. We .give her speech iii 'full, as published u a letter to the Deseret News from the special correspondent in Washington. Ed -- ' without their eleefeU-toffic- e - Oft The golden creed 'Do unto all As you'd have them to you.' No. IB. no man was . -- - DELEGA'l E. to-da- They leaned across the slender fence Till it near broke away, And calmly licked and calmly chewed ; The precious, high priced hay; And when well filled they sought repose Oa leaves that 'round them lay, The tale of Lazarus who asked The crumbs alone that lay Beneath the rich man's table, and She turned and went away; ''They only get the leaves that fali;' An angel heard her say. LAY . ' whether 'twas for company, Or whether 'cause 'twas warm, .On the south side of Robert's sfack Just, after every, .storm,, Sure as the day came Jamie's stock, As though it were no harm. V - Rights of the Women of all Rations. e -- The summer passed with burning drouth, t The price of hay rose high; . "Good times,'.' said they with hay to sell, , y Hard times," said those who buy, And watched their stacks slow sinking down As weeks went creeping by. I v . . "I think the man has clean and-th- .... -- "Tis better to have voted and been disfranchisedthan never to have voted at all.' This is a very prosaic paraphrase of a very poetical sentiment, but it is true, and behind it lies a great political wrong, j I am a native born citizen of the United States, and for fifteen years enjoyed all. the rights and privileges --of -- the1 elective franchise. I voted for every kind of elective officer in the Territory of Utah, from delegate in Congress to school trustee. I never once sold my vote, jn or was I lip fl u en ced in casti ng j.tbyeit her. fear or favor. I never attempted to repeat; no man for whom I ever cast a ballot was ever charged with malfeasance iq office, or with any other violation of his official oath. Yet I am disfranchised and on the same political plane as you, my sisters, and the resLofVour. sex in this ''lan d pTliber t yr "I thiukI may safely chal Icuge any niale voter of the United States to show a better use of the rights oft American citizenship. I do make. that challenge for myself, and on behalf of the thousands of womerrin. Utah wbonTl represent, and w7hose political record And on their behalf, with is abovo reproach all possible respect to the distinguished gentle- '' So is my husband, too; ... ' w:"-''.- . wSALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, FEBRUARY 15, 18SU Exponent. But oh,' the poor folks rea.lly prized Those creatures rough and dumb, And pictured them in nobler guise, v .... i ...v -- uld aiwejeljeyed . Derance, order, morality and economy, and not for private ends or personal greed. That was our ouenuiug. The deprivation which we have sustained is not more cruel to U3 than to. you. The continuance of our political power mean t that you could have pointed to our work as a prool that "tne neaa 01 . fthenerliliauseva3;woiihy Congress,: in the almost infinite wisdom of legislative man , decreed to dig up the new could bear fruit and seed, it was not uuuiu ine luuic purpose that thi3 Tittle acorn, planted nineteen-year- s ago, should grow into the sturdy oak. But while we have lost our franchise in Utah, we still retain our. property rights. Unmarried women have all the legal rights of men, so far . as the acquisition and disposition of property " is concerned, whether real or personal. Marv ried women have entire control of all the budding tree before-i- t , . 