WOMAN'S EXPONENT Ji full representation . frcim each Association is both these conferences. very desirable at The Secretary of the Central Board. of the VdesTTous of L'obSaining a primary Associations' is full report from each Stake- of Zion for the com- pTete report to ue prcpacu m ume ior tne April Confereiiceyand. this report should be ready ten days befdre,j)r about the 25th of March'. Consequently the reports from all points ought to be in "the binds of the Secretary as early as the "loth ""of March at the latest, which would give her then only two weeks time to prepare them. It is a very important thing, and the Presidents of Primary Associations in the several Stakes of Zion,- should see. that this matter is properly attended to, botFTas to correct figures and statements and date of. sending. Forward the Stake reports to Mrs. Cornelia H. Clayton, r No. 1 15 Third Street, Salt Lake City. semi-annu- - al - Mrs. Emily S. RiCHARDSr the. delegate from Utah to the Annual Convention of the N. W, S. A. at Washington, D. C., returned home Wednesday evening, Feb. 13. She gives a pleasing account of her association with the leading ladies of the suffrage movement, and withal feels glad of the success which seems to have attended her efforts in behalf of representation for Utah, and is hopeful for the future Mrs. Richards will probably give us something definite concerning her work there, and her views in reference to the interests of suffrage before we issue another paper, and will most likely speak in public before that time, and we shall be pleased to publish such notes. Her speech in another part of the paper,will rneet the approbation of all suffrage women, and they will certainly feel she must have made a good impression in their favor. of the Association 6hall be taken by a formal ballot. .. r2. ' -- .' Wherever state and territorial Associations auxiliary to the.National Woman Suffrage Association exist, the Presidents of such Associations shall be considered of the "National. Association, representing therein- their respective states and territories. section j. Each State or Territorial auxiliary Association shall elect from its membership one person to serve "on the Executive Committee of -- . Vice-Presiden- ts - ' the National- Association. Section 4. The President of the National Woman Suffrage Association shall appoint a Vice- President to represent on its Executive Board, any' State or Territory where no state or territorial association exists auxiliary to the National Association. Section 5. The officers enumerated in the preceding sections of this article shall constitute the Executive Committee of this Association: 'of these officers fifteen shall constitute a quorum for - the transaction of business. Section 5. The Executive Committee shall elect annually from the veterans of our cause, ten or more Honorary Article .V. This Constitution "may be" amended by a majority vote, at any annual meeting, notice of the amendment having been given at any preceding annual meeting. - Vice-Presidents- ..- ; At the third Executive session of the National Woman Su the parlors of the Riggs House, Washington, D. -- XlTuisdayjiftexiiQimii4 reon Constitution and ported. We have not room in this issue for the s in the next whole, but will publish the number of the paper. Following is the Constitution adopted. ,Ed, .. the Committee -- By-laws, By-law- -; . . of Farmington, Dayis Co, Utah. She was born K. in Virginia, Trumbali Co., Ohio, August 8, 1825. She was the daughter of Sanford and Nancy Porter. Her parents joined the Church of Jesus Saints in 1831', and moved to Christ of Latter-da- y ' Jackson Co., Missouri, in 1S32; was baptized in Jackson Co. when eight years old, in 1833. The same year the Saints were driven from that Co., sharing in the sufferings of that memorable persecution for religion's sake their persecutors being citizens of this glorious land of the free,' etc., yet their wicked actions wlli'ere long be looked upon with the same contempt As the Christian world of the ancient benow view the similiar-treatme- nt lievers of the meek and lowly Jesus. e to Utah in 1 847 j has always been an earnest worker and firm believer in the principles of the everlasting Gospel, taking a leading part i n th er d i ffe r e ntoxganirations rivasr-Pres- id ent of the Y. L. M. I. Associations of Davis Stake about five years, when she was chosen to preside over, the Relief Society of the Stake, in which position she acted until she was called to labor in the Logan Temple in March, 1885, where she has been a diligent worker until within a few weeks of her death, when she was released to go, on a visit to her son. While going there she contracted a violent cold, which resulted inlrer death. She always manifested in he labors that meek and unselfish disposition characteristic of a true Saint of Cod, charity for all being one of her . , leading virtues.' The Bible promise, as recorded in Luke xiv, 17, "that' those who believed should speaTTlrr new tongues, has been verified many times through her speaking in tongues, the gift being "given tQ t hen before she was eight years old. The funeral services were held in the Farming-to- n meeting house. The casket was carried from her late residence to the meeting houseby the authorities of the ward, followed by the Relief Society and Y. L. M. I. A. in procession. The meeting house was beautifully decorated with -- . -- -- She-eam- " . DEATH OF A VETERAN SISTER. Editor Woman's Exponents ' I feel it my duty to write you and acquaint yon with the death of our beloved sister, Eliza C. Hall, of Garden City, who died Dec. 19th, 1888. d I should have written sooner but have been hin-dere- N. W...S. A. 141 A by sicknessctrouble and death in the family. Sister Eliza had'been sick a long time with head and heart trouble, wnicn.nnaiiy terminatea in .cfropsy. She went to sleep on. the.night of the 18th and never woke; she passed away quietly in Jb er sleep wi th 0 ut a s truggle. She was the daughter of Phineas and Irene Churchill, Cook ; was born in the Town of Goshen, County of Litchfield, and State of Connecticut, fuiy 7th, 1811, She was married, to Salmon C. Hall about the year 1S32, and moved to Michigan in 1835 or 1836, where she .heard preached, and joined the Church in the year 1842. She was the mother of two children, a so a and a daughter; neither they:nor their father joined the Church, but she remained with her husband until the year 1873, when she came to this place and r . remarks were made by Elder James T. Smith, Prest.--A nson Call. Pntriarch JrHrTippets-an- d She had three sons,' one daughier and twenty grandchildren.. A large concourse of relatives and friends followed her remains to their last resting place. Mary S. Clark. -- the.-Gos- pel Article I. The name of this "Association shall be "The National Woman Suffrage "Association. ' S- - . . -" Article' II. The object of this t Asspciation shall te to secure protection in their right to vote to the women citizens' of the United States by appropriate National and State legislation, Article I ll.Seition .All citizens of the United States, subscribing to this Constitution and paying not less than one dollar annually into the treasury of this Association, shall become tied to attend members thereof, and ti all its meetings, to participate in all discussions1 that may arise and to receive Reports and other doclimentslpublisnljy "itl":-ini:-:;Stction 2. The payment of fifty dollars (56,00) into the treasury of this Association shall Constitute any citizen of the United States a life mem ber of the Association, with all the privileges be- -' longing to regular annual members. Article IV. Section 1. The officers of this . Association shall be a President, at Large, a Recording Secretary, a Corresponding Secretary, a ' Treasurer, a - Chairman of the The executive committee and two Auditors. officers named in this section shall be nominated by an informal ballot at a business session of the Annual Convention of the Association. A ne three persons receivingthe highest number of votes for any. office, shall be considered the nominees of the Convention or that office, and the will' shall-be-en- v Vice-Preside- nt has remained here ever since. Sister Hall has done a great deal of good in the capacity of a doctor among the people here. She always stood ready with a kind word and a willing hand for all who were in need of her assistance. .She was greatly beloved, and her loss is deeply felt by all who knew her. She leaves a large circle of relatives and friends, who miss her sadly, but we cannot wish her back, for she had lived to a good old age, and jtfwas ;neFwisYtogo to rest.; She diedjn full faith of a glorious resurrection. The last few days of her lifeshe was supremely happy, thanking and praising God .for His goodness and mercy continually. Will you please give space in your highly prized for this letter? She was always a sub- scriber, and also an. interested reader of the Exponent, until a short time previous to her death. Your sister in the Gospel, . Ann E. Cook. IN MEMORIAM. ... -- Died, at the residence of her son, near Elba, Cassia Co., Idaho, on Nov. 13th, 1888, pf pneu- monia, Nancy H. Llark, wile ot Ezra r. Hark, THE NORTH LONDON LADIES' RELIEF . . : SOCIETY. Editor Woman's Exponents The President of the above Society has desired me to write you a brief account of the work accomplished by it since its reorganization up tilj the close of 1SS8. The Society was reorganized on March 9th, 1884, with Helen Bradford, President; Frances Cornell and Frances Jennings, Counselors ; Caroline Parratt, Secretary ; Helen Bradford, Treas- urer. '': Since that time, however, the First Counselor has emigrated to Utah, and Sfster Jennings now holds that position, and Sister'MvL E. Scoles has' been chosen Second Counselor. The Secretary has been succeeded by Elizabeth Bush, who also emigrated to Utah in October last, and that posi . tion is at present vacant. ... ...;."..'- .. 392 visits have been paid, and 6i 9 shillings and pence has been given to the poor. The Elders have been assisted to the amount of 25, 11 shillings andL of room and fdOd.The attendance has been very small, the usual number present not exceeding six lately, although we have a number of names on the books. Tfie Saints are scattered, and many too poor to travel, and the means at our command very limited. The continued emigration'and consequent loss - 4i " " 