WOMAN'S" EX lbNEjNT,- game attributes or virtues? ' We can love and also hate that which annoys and vexes us, if .we choose: not which governing that CAROLIHE .ASHURST" BIGGS. pearl is lost from Honor's stainless crpwn! Ay but the Angels carried it above. -'- .The LislcGod bade His servant here, lay down, -- Was but the prelude to His life of love. v Above the blossoms of pure woman-lif- e (Not all unmingled with the laurel's sheen) The Past's full measure of a noble strife, The sobbing wail of all that might have been : jGlows liketthc glory of thcsetting sun. The radiance of the welcome home, 'Well done! " A. ! 1 - ; " ;J : JUE.UUJJ3, f ' " LEEDS'. E. -- - - '7 sxoad." Warner """" " -- Sept.-7,"i889. -- " - passion; sometimes m to charity doin .this' prompts fallen world; fof.h'uiu best: when .Accordingly light and t ruth take posses sion 01 our minds we nnd that these virtues are -r- eally-ours but lie dormant until - called jinto action by. gospel truths, then our attention, is attracted by. things of subh great importance (that trifles that annoy andvexed u a AL.Qth.tr (times are hardly-noticeabnow, we :look;.at which - will goon. (them , as. only, passing-eventle, The answer was "they have Moses and the prophets, if, they will not hear them neither .will they listen though one arose from ment." , Jhe4ead.---.-:--.:..:l.;:l.:...- ..important. les3on7 Or" .Canfindmpjre "of our diligent and faithIpne more , worthy ful study." Tn my opinion we should .be earnest as those who - study science, believing the result will be that which arrives to perfection. Then great will be our joy and rejoicing, .both . in thU world and, also in the inext. : M.-- s idisappear,fojr in realityHhese have but little --. : ' weigh E, -- KlMBALI Oct. 22nd 1889. t"Wdw1irsoWb lJuinypijaicjLLiko2e-jjythe gut in God .our Father can tejl, us bet what the benefits are of the same. The Apostle Pauljs certainly one qf those persons. He says: 'Now faith is the substance of things hoped for, tho evidence of thiugs not seen; The Prophet Joseph said, the appearance; of things hoped for, etc We can here form a correct idea of what faith is. The Book of Mormon illustrates it still more clearly to my mind. On page 300 we! read the words of the, :Brophet Almalitliua- -. Now a3 I said " concerning ilaith," that it was. h BViE-NqrDEFEArT- DEFEATED. - BY HATTIF. TYNG G.HISWOLD. nO will the" right not triumph at the last?" We cry, as sick, at heart we. view earth's plain, Where love and hate have grappled once again, Renewed the ceaseless warfare of the past, The.unpndjng struggle, stilLso fierce, so vast, And still for answer comes the impassioned strain: "When first the Universe sprang from God's brain, "And forth into the formless void was cast, He said thatit "was goodpand 30 In- - firmest faith we answer giye once more: The right must triumph, death and hell must die, Though proud they stretch to clutch the sky away Wherein the bow of promise, as of , yore, , Proclaims, the. surety giyen by God MosHigh.'' . -- : ! " - -- to-da- . OF LITTLE OWEN HOWARD. In realms of peace, love, joy and light, As pure as an immortal flower.'' Where Jesus and His angels dwell In midst of glory, and great power. - Dear little ,Owen's but . gone back, To his own blessed home above; To mingle with his little friends, With whom he used to live, and love. I; - - . f Jesus alone, can you console, And comfort, with His spirit sweet As He has done at countless times, Of thnsfi who have followed at His feet. , " all, His life, were few to show their Jove, Jesus had (Sorrows When there But being filled with. Holy Grace Like His own Father up, above, " " He fought His. battles brave and Jrue, He counted apt His trials vaia, For "through Jong suffering" said. He ; ti4Were perfect made for heavenly aim." .With Jesus,; prophets- angels now, .Your baby is in glory placed, And be will wait for you .to come And mingle with, the good .and i!essed Lovingly, - r Zina E. Crocheron. Bountiful. Sept. 8th, with my words. Ye can no know of this surety at first,. unto perfection anymore: than faith is a; perfect knowledge. But behold if ye will awake and arouse your faculties even to an experiment upon particle of faith, even :to desire tp believe, :let thi3 desire; work in you even until .you.belieye, in a manner that ye can , give place for a portion of my words. He then compares the word unto a peed that may be planted in yoqr heart, "behold if it be a true seed, or a good seed, and if ye do not cast it out by, your unbelief, that ye resist the Spirit of the Ixrd behold :it will, begin to swell within your breasts; and when you feel these swelling motions, ve will begin to say it must needs be that this is a good seed, or, the word' is good, for it beggineth to.enjarge ;my .soul, and to" enlighten my understanding, yea it is. delicious. to me." The Prophet Alma goe3 on to say, after proper nourishment a sprout, will shoot out, then' another, until it becomes a tree. But if neglected it may then die-- Accordingly you must nourish the tree until you obtain the fruit. Then you. have obtained & knowledge through your diligence and faithfulness which is equal to the fruit of the tree of life. It is no longer faith it is knowledge. "But if ye neglect the tree and take no thought for its nourishment, .behold it will not get any root, and when the heat of the sun cometh and scorcheth it, because it hath no root, it withers away; and ye pluck it up arid cast it out. Now thi3 13. not because the seed was not good, neither was it because the fruit of it was not desirable; but it was because your ground was barren, and ye will not nourish the ye cannot have the fruit thereof, and thus if ye will not nourish the word looking forward with an eye of faith 'to thereof, ye can never pluck of the the tree of life. fruit of This reminds me of our Savior's prayer for and T ... IN LOVING REMEMBRANCE. Where all good spirits dwell in peace, Where there's no suffering to mar . The spirits of departed souls, 'Wh've gone to live where glories are. notarxrfectte my-words,-- Ex. - r" i8S. FAITH WHAT IS IT? . tree,-therefor- e . the-frui- t His disciples. Jlis.prajer.to His Father was: "Sanctify them through thy truth thy word is truth. . Emanuel Sweedenborg who was born in Sweden also says. Yun cannot build anything on earth, which will reach heaven. He fays that the gcfiptureaind words of- - inspired men are a ladder let down front heaven for our benefit, and the only way to ascend to God, our . We are told it is a gift of God. You may then ask?a3 a friend once said to me: Am I to blame if faith has not been given to me? Let us reflect. We read in holy writ' that the ju3t shall live by 'faith. Romans 1st chap. 17 v. Will ourFather-withhold- , any thing from us which we justly merit. Are we just and true to ourselves and our, fellows: Being made in the t image of God , should . not we posses the -- A. A. W. of-fai- th The Association for the Advancement ;of 'Women " held their Seventeenth Congress in Unity Church, Broadway, Dtnver, Colorado, jOctober 8th;0th and 10th. Executive session. ;at 10 o'clock a. in. Public sessions at 2.30 5and 8 o'clock p. m. At evening .sessions an admittance fee of twenty live- - cents was Topics of discussion: tCivil Marriage, Mrs. Cheney; Women in S. Shedd; Women in Affairs, Mrs. Helen Science, 'Miss "Laura '.Linton; Education vs. Exatninations, Miss Mary A. Ripley; What ; Authors are Influencing most the Minds of (the Young in America, Mrs. Annie Nathan, TMeyer; Hegel's Views of Art, Mrs. Ellen 'M.- Mitchell; Crime and its Punishment, 5Irs. :R. N. Hazard; What we owe to Greek. Civiliza. jtion Mrs. Alice .Harris; Statistical Paper, Rev. A. B.' Blackwell; Redemptive Power of Art, :Mrs Rebecca;D. IlickofT;. Common. Sense jiu fheld October 7th. E- - D. -- the Nursery, ,Dr. Julia, Jlolmes ;Srajth; Symposium: Employment qf .Prisoners. QUEEN ISABELLA. If asking it, women and their will-secur- work will have abundant representation at the .observance of the four hundredth anniversary of the landing of (Columbus. The women of Chicago met Aug26, and; appointed Mrs. Myra Bradwell audMrs. .M. M. M. Wallace a committee to consult with itho national committee to ask for official recognition as an auxiliary. This action was approved, and the Chicago Woman's Department has , - : been: incorporated. A little, lattr Miss Susan B. Anthony made a similar application to the .mayor of 2fow York. Now the Woman's (Industrial Associa- tion of Washington D. Caputs in ; its claim. rornflrrnf inn will .Ka mo?o vf and. their work. ,But. whether, it J)a adequate And fitting or not,, women ha.ve only, to ,4bide their, time" to. receive .all. that belongs to them. It has taken our hundred years to find out that Columbus was wortjiy of a Women are only coming world's celebration. above the horizon. When they are, ,in, full sight, and secure in the possession of equal human rights, it will be their own .fault if Queen Isabella' the Pilgrim and 'Puritan mothers, the women ol Revolutionary time3 and the noble women all. along the line do not have their proper place wherever common interests are represented. To 'this end det women unite to secure their, right to yote. The power that resides in the ballot 'is the one strong lever by which io secure equal rights. To-da-y women are helpless .for lack ohtho; ballot. Wre can not. command what vv e, ought to have, andmuattakewhat.is offered L. S. women -- " -;- - Father. We also remember the rich man who asked father Abraham to send some one to his Brethren, lest they come to this place of tor Celia Logan is editor of Belford's Maga-nne. ' 