spoke of the disadvantages they labored under in I mo 65 miles East 55 to the North East- and 50 North so that it : wa3difficalt to reach the settlements often," there were eleven: branches of - . the Relief Society Scattered over the county In these gome of them are very 'small. branches some of the families are so far' apart ' they can only hold their meetings a part of : V the year. Pres. $1. Isabella Home, of Salt Lake Stake, regretted there were cot more present, thought that the instructions that had been given ' .' shouIdstlniuTrteus : -- to go on in the r cause of the Lord; she bad been visiting aroundlhccounty . and also-- in the" city wards trying to encourage to good ' works. "Our Father in heaven will not withhold any good thing from his children who are doing good service in His kingdom." Advised the holding: - of - annual meetiuga thought it helped to keep up the interest, and felt anxious to see an advancement in the growth and progress of these organizations. . Pres. Elizabeth Yates of Millard .Stake. Our settlements are very scattered, we try to meet with them all once a year, sometinfes feel very weak and unable to perform the duties of the'nosition I am called to fill. Pres. Hinckley meets with us sometimes and asks the Word' of Wisdom and try to train them in the patlrof duty. We are not often visited. Riatpr Rnrnp. madp us ft visit some vears aco and tHe sister's refer ' to it often; the brethren sustain us in our organization' andrarelad to attend our meetings; rejoiced in the good results of the Primary Association. Sister" Kathinka- A'uder3on reported Emery Stakeas in' good working order and the sisters full of faith and diligent in their labors. They also labored under many disadvantages, were a long way from the centre Stake of Zion and had not had much teaching from experienced A sisters. Pres. Young made some telling remarks and inquired concerning the Stakes not yet reported, blessed the sisters especially those who had come long distances to attend the meetings-, hoped the? good spirit of the Conferences would be carried to their homes, and that the em ti r I ka liinJ rrrvii l n tuo hfa nuuiu in qui auu jiuaci jlju caiuis luutaoc Ilauu, - J J it!.. saiu many gooa unugs, anu uiesi an tne assembly in the name of Jesus. n ' ' .1 1- - 1 x 1 1- - in the afternoon. gpoke of the Convention 11 tkn,..lit oil ing weary, but she wa3 deeply interested -- in suo uau ueeu ujcpiucciuuga m vuis uajf, since the first looking back over the organization when there were about nineteen members now there were 16,747, and there 47-yea- r3 beyond the sea in other lands, "lhis 13 no small thing. We should increase in knowledge and good: works. Weiare as a light set upon a hill, jealousy, prejudice, envy should not find place in our hearts; one of the prime ob- jects of this organization is self culture; a committee has been appointed: to regulate our Stake Conferences, hope this will be brought to pass. Woman's work progressing, was delighted to see the baby in the speaker's arm3 it proved her equal to the e m ergen cy. Sister E. B .Wells spoke upon the great good to bs accomplished by means of woman's aid in results achieved by woman's persistent agitaV tion in the New England States and elsewhere of the injustice of the iaw in regard to married women's rights. Referred to the new constitutions for the admission of States and how they stood on the question of equal suffrage etc, urged women to read and inform themselves for their own sake and the good of . . 1 j mi f .t"i!i. I uuiuuiumiy. JLnuugni we nau neeu ui cuaruy to-da- y; various-direction- ' glean-yalua-bl- 1 . . v e .oi. - . d y--1 ' , . . i- .... of-the ii-iL e all-and- - an-taci- d, f - . y - S Ks jrrrr- - 1-- 26. - ; y ; 1 - ' , .Ravenliaaxbeen nd-alluded-to-the 1 . . -- s, -- . that we might be more helpful to each other and be as charitable to others as we - would wish them to be to us. Dr. Barney read a written article." The and his a martyr's death? his a life of virtue, ' I L ! I 1. we tnay icarn a jessou iruiuiiiiu.t Our entire being should bo endued with gospel graces. If'oUr first thoughts in the beautiful we adm ire, and we can morning are to do the will of our Father, and lesson from God's disposition, in distribulast "feelings at night are- to do our Father's will, our rest will be sweet and our ting, - arranging 'and organizing the elements, and forming mankind with the variety of (lis-- , fiual sleep will be heavenly. , in the is a There manifest and made Zion, attributes that are knowledge growth positions in the very beginning of his or her being. that has been obtained by sad experience in .. The. placid disposition is admired' because' some respects has made the boy more - manly; the property to and the girl more womanly; and the people of its evenness-anpossessing " more Godlike. The mason a ;hauds have not . yield. beeiotiidrbut our temnle Ms'toweriinr heaven rTepositivew because it can remove difficulties and sur- -' ward. Pres. YouncrO made some closing remarks. mount obstacles. . . ,. The Skeptic is always in doubt, and restless, fpH wp bnd heen blfsspd in meetinc uhder not fixed in his purpose; in him hope and such favorable circumstances in such a beautiful faith are deficient. place, spoke or her "love, fof all the fcisters and .The artist is absorbed, and lost in his own felt grateful for this . opportunity' ofming environment, and is only companionable to together and heariug from the several Stake others as they can grasp with him and have organizations, trusted much.good might result c 1.1: .1 p -.l ideality that exisU irom me; asimoiiug 01 ourselves tugeiuer m lively jimaginationa sisters not to speak 'this capacity; warned-thin his mind. Thus we may view the great panorama of against each other, said our principles . are perfect in life or in death, let us. abide by variety, &s it passes before our eyes in imaginblessed them in the . ation; both the animate andi inanimate, animal, them, thanked - congregation and vegetable, and wonder as we admire and name of Jesus. Amen. The " ask ourseive3 the question. What is all this? arose and sung Doxology. Conference adjourned-fornix God. months, prayer by Elder C. J. The irritable husband is modified, as time Thomas. passes on by the worn, tired, passive wife, if '. MAKICOPA STAKE. not in life, in death he learns her worth. The overbearing selfish child relentsp when Minutes of the Quarterly Conference held at - from - his tanturn it3 lister sees it injured Mesa City, Sept.- 19, T88D. Opened by the and presence. talizing power usual exercises. Upon the stand were the It. T hus lesson after lesson is learned, and the : S.. Stake officers and others, andralso Pres. C. out, algreat school of experience is widened I. Robson, Coun. H. C. Rogers, C. R. Hakes, most without limitation. Sister M. A. Hakes and Bishop Pomeroy. also the the and sweet, bitter the We have rejoiced at' again; meeting the saints, hadibeen each neutralize other, acid and they away on a visit to the Snowuake' Stake had a and in new formed compounds the original very pleasant time, spoke highly of the hospinature of the element is lost. For example and general good:feeliug of the people the housewife readily understands that the oil tality there. Reported the R. a. bociety oUhe Mesa and alcohol, are antagohistical to each- other, Ward as doing well and in good working order. and thus they neutralize each other, land form Spoke upon the storing of grain. a fresh compound unlike the first, the nature is Sister Lizzie Macdouald gave a gopd report unless same the more be no will and changed of the Lehi Ward, thought their meetings were and combination returns broken up Irom its all the time, said the people of the improving comwe to its original elements. Ihus may world had rejected the prophets, but if an indiLatter-dathe a life of Saint, pare the astronomer niaue a preuicuou iuc wuuic uim vidual is changedin his views and dispositi were looking for the result; spoke also cf the his and surroundings, ons, likings, by storing of grain. associations, and heavenly influences, and you "T Sister Ann Kleinman reported the Alma learn his life's history, you can discern that Ward 1 showing that- - a portion of the sisters if he has hugged closely to the laws of the were alive to their duties, encouraged mothers Divine Teacher; yon will find pencil traces ot Vs J " 1 ft the master artist, if not, his history 13 more Sister Susan Savage spoke encouragingly of or final and the compound rudely completed, the Papago Ward said the native sisters were so and not result is, an imperfect one elegant. anxious to learn from their i white sisters the said !God let Genesis ; in We read domestic duties of wives and mothers. our after in likeness, our man make U3 image Sister Esther Openshaw represented the 27 verse -- says, so God created man in his own KephLWard, said the listers were try ing to do ima.cre." God was. as we are; and we will be, their duties in the Society and to keep the asJ he is, as we advance to that degree of 1 ... commandments of God. .ahd excellence knowledgeCouhrC-rRHake- s Tand HrC! Rogers, Bishop The most of humanity are endowed with a Pomeroy, and Pres. C. 1. Robson encouraged love "for the beautiful, yet there are individuals, the sisters and gave some good advice. A that cannot discern green from blue, or a dif- general good feeling prevailed. Adjourned for are called color 1 na rr tin t Via ference bet ween, colors,-thetill uiuuiuui blind, r we might say they: were deficieut in F. E. Robhon, Stake Sec. R. S. their organization. Another is not a musician,, he may have THE L03r LENORE. time, but no tune, or hemay have neither , time nor tune, who is to blame? who is the The cottage in which Edgar Poe wrote "The originator of all this? who set the ; rugged cliff - weeping willow to grow- - beside you cataract? :shallwe faint because a truth exists, no! we, will in our delineation endeavor to portray Upon life's canva3 a3 it were with the painter's brr.'sh, form3 light and shade with color, and tint, until our imaginations and invention have reached the' reality. Did not Joseph in hi3.1ifea history and character, imitate the life of Jesus? wa3 not for.; torn-dow- n more modern buildings: but before it was demolished, even for ears, since the death of Poe, relic hunters have "visited the place carrywalling away anything portable; shingles, : and paper, reallT" not much remained of the home. Two trees stand on the high rock which overlooks the beautiful and from these, visitors carry away fire-plac- e window-lattice- so that origin al ledge of Hudson many a -- 