120 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. r "; i p -- , J .. poib imr ,o thelbrniatiou of , a national party, in thcf near iiiture, combining the interests of labor, wornau. teraDera'hfee and other reforms. ji.oriz.7D j in the fact bar strength future action that wofoao suilrage has sonie aayocates m an DartiaiMrrhat'we; as a party, are pledged to becomes ludicrous in it3 eagerness. Authors of common place abilities spring into sudden prominence through no fault pf their awn; ''.My 'anguished. heart could. only ay,"O, God ia heaven, my darling keep.' - I know my darling's form will wait - .. - and there is nodauger: tlmt. any writerrwho Reyond this world, here griefs dark night the4 least be will possesses life, at heaven's gate inshroud my sadd.-nespark pf 'Wiginality overJooked. There is no Chatterbox business I'll meet my chikLw here all is light. now.,Wnatr""wnFnee'ded"i8 a going on .; M. A, SMArtT. standard of The denial of the ballot to woraaq h the higher literary taste and less spas : JL1',.Died, at East Tiountifu!rDavis Co., Utah, after an illgreat political crime of the century,- - btfore 'modic enthusiasm. ness of two months, Sept. 13rd, 18SS, Emma Maria, bef ri ff firtn ri'na' land TtiAtinnnlv ffmnpr. A horrible occurrence is related as having loved wife ol Daniel Wood. Deceased was born July 12, aii&J, labon and all economic questions sink into taken Mrs. , William 1334, in Plymouth, England. Baptized Feb. 2$, 1851, by place at Erie, Pa. iaergnificanceir for the right ot suffrage involves - Charles Phelps. She embraced- the order of plural mar aroiTanclMffsijaeyStinsoTiHr ait questions 01 personal auu property xiguu. friends. Misa Stinson. died, amf Mrs.: Savory riage, wa the mother of six children and While ach nartv in power ha3 refused to insisted upon impressing-- a last kis.rnponthe "grandchndreirr Sister Wood ws a faiihful member in' the enfranchise woman,, being sceptical aa to her of her friend. She did so. But the unRelief Society, and labored in the capacity of a teacher moral iulliience in government; yet with strange lips dertaker had just treated the face with a for many years; was. always prompt to her meetings and inconsistency - they alike seefc theitl r. for preserving the color. : Mrs. fulfilling her duties honorably, and died in full faith of the voice - and L psn in. all .i i mpor tan t Joli t ical axwyT.waT'irifected;' and subsequently died Gospel, and in the hope of a glorious resurrection. struggles, as shown in the late . presidential from blood And as teaohers of the Relief Society we feel to offer to a most remarka ble in .poison ing moral lyboun4-to-obenot' While campaignv. stance ofthe folly" of a custom thaTHaFnotK- - her memory the following: the laws made without has, consent, yet we find RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. class of citizens ing to recommend it' but sentimentality, aud. woman the most of sanitary Whereas, in the Providence of our Heavenly Father He in the community. White not recognized as a everything against it in the light laws and the doctrine of common sense. Ex, has seen fit to take from our Society our sister, Emma competent part of ihe government, she is most . ; active in all great movements for- education, Mrs. Cleveland has succeeded in raising one Maria Wood, and, Whereas, our departed friend and sister was worthy of hundred thousand dollars in order to rebuild religion, philanthropy and reforril. our "warmest affection, we feel that proper recognition of The magnificent convocation of women from Wells college," the female institution where goodness and virtue be had among us. Therefore,' the world over, held at Washington last March, She was graduated. It is situated a k w miles her be it since the than anv imnortant mnro o vnnnpi1 from Ithaca N. Y. ii It was destroyed by fire a it J u"w Resolved, That we, as members of the Relief Society of of woman's marvel- - few months ago. The trustees' had' Diet of AVorms, was proof given up East Bountiful, .deeply murn the loss of our sister and r. i :.i 0US power ot organization, una uer ciear the prospect of rebuilding as impossible, when hold her name in affectionate remembrance. of the underlying principles of all Mrs. Cleveland came forward and gave the disResolved, That we extend our sympathy p her family, such evidence With' of tressed her institution government. She attention. questions personal and that we try to live that we may be prepared to meet e U nf hftr keen inirht and executive ability, we not onlv contributed a lare sum of monev tTier, wnen wc nave. ninuu - .: J utu vvui. iicjc ueiuw. invite all interested m goH'goFraffiMt trgivxr Ib'e'werr, but she circulated a paper and induced Resolved, that these Resolutions be spread on our. record, comin the of their presence tijithein.!piration others to subscribe, uu til money enough has also a copy sent to the Woman's Exponent. . convention been raised to rebuild the college-i- n' ; Ann Dustin, better ing . Pres. Stanton, Cady Committee. Euzaijkth Jane Holt, style than it was originally. Ex. t Susan B. Anthony, Vice Pres. Esther Sessions, God and the Wr.omen in American Public Matilda Jolyn Gaok, Ch- Ex. Com. Affairs" was the suggestive heading of a serRa.cu hi FosTEii Avery, Cor, Sec. mon preached Sunday, Dec. 1G, in Tremont Temple, Boston, by lie v. Emory J. Ilaynes. He said: It was the inlluence of the woman NOTES AND NEWS. in the home,by the breakfast table, over the father and brother, that was the one factor in Mrc' ."Harriet Beoelicr Siowo i? said to be in letter health now than eho has been for years, the last municipal election which did more KAG.LE and walks quits readily with the aid of a than any other to win the victory. We have and is our but the to it politicians, publicists ; cane. women we must look for the future of the SAT.T LAKE CITY. Lady Jane Henrietta Swiuburnc has encountry. That is what did it the influence of tered her ninetieth year. She is mother of home. These same home influences are going the poet and critic, Algernon Charles Swin to continue at all the municipal elections. That burue. is the great power of women. Woman, I be Leading-Retai- lThe, lieve in you! The records show v that the The Evelina de Rothschild School for Girls criminals are five men to one woman. To be at Jerusalem has been opened under the dicorae3 to women" more pure and rection of Mile. Fortune Behar. It has more naturally than to men. We believe in you than four hundred pupils. because you have led men in the Christian church. I hope you'will help U3 to right a The Governor of Massac a us eta has appointed Mrs. Kate 'Gannett Wells to the place thousand wrongs. Ex. ou the .State Board of Education left vacant by the death of Mtss Abby W. May. Women have more strength in their looks Miss Abby W. May left $5,000 to the Home than we have in our laws, and more power by the their tears than we have by our arguments. for Aged .Colored.. Women, 63,000 SI Savile. to the Gwvnhe Temoorarv Home, and ,000 New England Hospital for Women and Child- - . In a truly good character wcjook, first of Will bo found the latest stylos p.nd ptCKluctlons ren. . all, for integrity, or. an unbending regard to in At the regular monthly meeting or me ex- - recitudf; then for independence, or the habitual ruchp:s, embroderies, xcative conimittecoOLthc Massachusetts jletcrminatiou to be governed by an enhVht 1 eai5s, gloves, Woman Suffrage Association Dec. 7th, the ened conviction oT'tru t h antPff uTy ; then fbT ' ribbons,. benevolence, orthe spirit of kindness and following was unanimously adopted: an elegant assorlmenf of And. 'In" the death of our friend,Abby W May, goodwill to men; and. last, but not least, for n d -- fai th fu n - worn an- - su f IV age- - has lust affectionate, reverent Oadvocate, and higher education an experienced regard for the will- - and glory of the great and InSpecial department for Ladios' Misses' -and devoted friend. She gave twenty years Jehovah. Hawes. fant's Shoes. . for of heroic effort-fo- r the sl.ave n2t 114116118 East Yemple SLrtcl in camp and hospital, more than OBITUARIES. z f--r vk d )" - . -- n , - twenty-thre- e : ' ' n7 pre-paratio- ..of-he- ; -- y: ' law-abidin- , g T - - - , - . - ,- : - . n uoui-'prehensio- t 1. 1 . -- ' I ;, - .HP 0PM . , - self-sacrifici- I.THGMA! Special to the Ladies. , .. , --- , -- AT TEASDEL'S -.- laces, parasols,ties collars, -- - a-vk- 1 ea piety-towar(LGo- IDE IT or-a'- d, O OID S: ' five-yea- rs of woman. the-soldier- s Her bxample will be to us an centive: hor memorv an insoiration. " in- Ed. Talk about the trials of genius in endeavoring to make itself known to a cold world! The truth is that nowadays in these United States there is hospitality to new writers which "often DiL'l.'at Union, Salt Lake Counly, Dec. 6th, i88Sj Mary"Anh AlbertaCun&inghanr, ih j beloved daughter of Hyruni H. and Deia A. Brady, of membranous croup, aged one year,,t n months and eight days. ' f laid my darling do.yn with a sigh, , " In.gri f, fi.T sorrowVaTtob deep; TINNERS CAS,YATER'& STEAPI FITTER3 Agent for RUMSHY'S celebrated LIFTand FOR'E PUMPS. Pumps Repaired on short notice. Orders from the country promplly'roppondeJ to. " - ar U i'tti, tAVIC Scj 3:3, CALT lZZ CITT. - 