179 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. YEARNINGS. Stake was held at St. John's March Sth, 1839,; corumencing at 10 a.m.,. and occupying two hours. There were present on the sramrTrcstr E. LT8. UtaU and her lirst counselor r ranees White, the second counselorbTing"detained-at- Ferns are to bo cared 'for ahd .obtained: mosses to he dried and pressed; our few com- molt, shells cleaned and prepared. MVhat a If from the fickle band pi fate 'twere mine To choose a rare and priceless gift; 'twould be" The voice of poetry, whose sweetest strains Are not the work of skillful hands alone; Like those of some grand instrument, which keeps Its purest tones within its gorgeous shell " To charm the favored few. preserving is, is it not? Only - we who .ha ve ou n tried it know auythin amJuOt Yorrki vuLl 'and our friends at home (we have often said here K. Udali and other leading-brethreto one another) think it such a simple. matter; sisters. The attendance was good, President Udall presiding. The congregation sang , you walk upon the seashore and gather in " our let" all anew the us journey pursue," your apron shellsjmd mosses aud coral-yo- "Come comefliome offered was and and ack- than prayer by Bishop Willard Farr, eareto, continued with singing; the reports were read, up; or you step out your back door ami gather " from the surrounding rocks and treeTany sor t ollieers presented -- ami u na nimously sustained .of,. ferns, or moss you may like by. the assembly, after which President Udall Shall 1 repeat the real facts in this to you. who made "soluT" opening remarks on the duties of--t- he know them so wellL No, unnecessary it would sisters expressing joy at the privilege of be. So we will leave the society vague, , delict mrotiii" witlflhem. Sister Mary E. Freeman,I. A. of the Stake ously uncertain veil of. .'.romantic fancy over president. of tho'Y. Jj.-M- tticincss.JeianlJJa home-miHKjc- n u Oh, I would sing - .:: ' tendei;jsoothing slxainiaiLadijadhari, Speak words of consolation through my pen Words that will - live,- - cheerr comfort,-a- nd sustain Those to whom sorrow brings no recompense, Though often radiant Hope comes very near, Then spreads her snowy wings and soars away To gladden hearts that seldom know a care. ' ' A - .orjere - -- not sing in that majestic strain ' Which grandly soars above the common heights, that jow, jsweet monotone -- But With which the mother soothes her weary child; Write words of sympathy that move the heart t To glad responses make its tendrils' reach Out toward human loves and human joys, Widen the life that has grown cramped and stern From constant sorrow. I would -- the mystirscen e which-thr- -1 Mission. I long ardently to see my children, friends and home again, and yet to know that within "another week I shall have bid good-by- e forever to Laie with its cool seabreezes, its grassy slopes, and abovejall, the ever restless, lovely , sea, whose brow, now calm and anon furrowed with grey and. sullen it makes me feel sad, or as the natives call ilrkatrmairar One grows to love the place, and feel a love for these poor dark benighted people, dreading v to leave them forever- -. Aunt Polly, I hope to see you with many - -- : - jewel-crowned- foam-tippedibillo- inZion7tilrthen7iarewellr nieryjtnt.ePrestdt Phebe A. McNeil and Emma B. Coleman . -- Homestun. We are just starting to the sea for P. S. one of our last sea baths, oh, that we could take the sea home with us. Don't you wish you were going along? Can you swim? . : II. his-lieart- AUNT POLLY'S LETTER. Dear Aunt Polly: It seems friendly and R. S., Y. easy to sit-down and, chat with you a while, but if I were asked to sit down and write a piece for our exponent I fear I should sot feel to steal the necessary time to think - and write one; so if Aunt Em letter to finds enough in this save it from the waste basket fate, you shall hear now a few of our pilikias. . words with a sweet Jovful Tinmpt" J rjnr UUiUj mellow sound filled with the odors of apples and semi-person- L. M. al : pjStingrightlTIrtherblushrof-app- l 1. A. & P. A. REPORTS . MALAD STAKE. ; The Relief Society of this Stake of Zion in a stake capacity on the 1G. was organized O w.. as follows: Lucinda Officers of June 1888. Hoskins. President, Mary Stewart and. Eliza-- . heth Zurrdell. Counselors, Eliza A. Hall, Ve hold our conferences quarterly- Secretary. and change the place ot meeting, sometimes holding- - conference in JJlalad-Lityn- ' times in Portage. August 17,1 88 8pwe heldra- Relief Society conference in Portage- - Present on the stand NOTES AND NEWS. - aiter-um- e " Oo- some- d auiumu icavcs, auu wJrTo. fai'ntlv with the voices of far away Stake officers, President Oliver G. Hoskins, of words what melody friends, absent and long jCounselors Abraham "Zundell and William H. they are: Going home. Gibbs; also the Stake officers of the Relief what can guess Meanwhile, you Aunt Polly Society, Mrs. Lucinda Hoskins presiding. Shirts,-skirts- , line. the end of is going on at this Meeting opened" by singmg GloHpTlhings-of'Thelittle dear four for are spoken." Prayer by 'Brother pants and panteletts for and socks, paluli's Jesse Dredge, singing "Great i3 the " pairiillegSjrments, made have I the pater families, as follows: -- Malad, President Reports X) Davis;', four white paluli's for my husband this fall), Samaria, President Mary . and mamma for sundries Hams-lStand besides address John, Portage, President Jane ' O. G. President Harrison. . President Elvira ' grandma. docs the Grandma tends the two babies, Hoskins addressed the meeting; exhorted the all all day. sisterT to live their religion; and be true day, front room work, and sews best as kitchen the Jtf amma and Lule divide up to integrity, attending to all their duties, sew, sew, sew, and gave good advice on several different subthey may, mamma hurrying that the work of four weeks may be crowded jects. into two. Baby's advent this winter prevented President Lucinda Hoskins made a few st-little the :cl6singTemarks:-fgedilMe.rdiligence any sewing being done until a ot how part and great advTsThemT the can while. You imagine in looking after poor, the been and counting has humble spent the winter prayerful at all times. to 1)0 and then weeks, After singing, beuediction wais- - pronouneed by months; six, five, four, three, now even the day are numbered and measured. Brother William Johns. Conference adjou hear and homes Can you enter in. our busy, f)r three months. about clatter ways Eliza A. Hall, Secretary. the half sad,- - half merry we when and means, where we shall stop, and - st. shall arrive. And then the last hoursthe joiin's stake. meeting-housthe at last time at themill, at the sea, The conference of the Relief Society of this at Laie and we are gone. blossoms ana re- - condition of the Relief Society in their respective wards as prosperous and spoke of the necessity of studying the u laws of health; training of children; thought" that cxamnle was better than precept. "They should be trained up free from the' traditions of the world that they may be shining lights in the kingdom of God." President E. L. S. UdaH-radfro- m the woman's ExroNENT "A New Years Address" by President Zina D. H. Young, and afterwards referred to it in an manner.' Counselor E. N. Freeman thoVirht"ihe remarks made - thi- s- morninor .map, and woman, said to iuypplicablejo him they were very interesting. ; opoKe m an impressive manner ort order and systematizing our. labors; said that the key to success is a its place for. everything and everything in place. remarks endorsed the President David Udall - in ofoTmerspeakers7-anil-fe- lt - --Spoke ia,iikii&uaL lay God bless ih& listers.earnest impressive manner on various subjects of interest among which was the necessity of in his opinion it using more graham flour, being essential to good health. Urged the sister3 to encourage their husbands in the planting of shade and fruit trees. Conference was then x months, the congregation adjourned for-siis sang "The Spirit of God like a fire burning" benediction by patriarch James Richey. ' M Ait y E. :B: Fab n Secretary. norte'd briefly the - , This is all I crave: To live in other hearts through kindly words Written or spoken for another's need; To know that I have lightened others cares,Cleared pathways through life's sharp and piercing thorns For young and tender feet; steered some frail bark Around the hidden shoals that would haverecked Its dainty life. What higher fame than this? hour my heart appeals to me: Each day,-eac- h "Write! work for others; let thine helpful words Run like a golden thread through tarnished lives; Start in the burdened heart this glad refrain: 'Goin co rnorer4heJklasterlovethJheeJ,l Chicago Ledger. misfion" showing' the necessity of becoming intelligent economizing time and having order ' ' -- laddriinl.man's gaveavery--interestin- g Islands" calls to every eye, and only when alone toge the r s h all we co m pa reex per i ejic esj and' exchange ideas a, bout ..our llawiian - . ' -- ? Missouri has just granted school suffrage to women. : I 1 1 The Arkansas Legislature has voted to admit girls to the State University. : e (by-the-b- y Annie-Sawye- r; - to-the- i -la- : -- , e, ' : - . ir rMarietta'lIolley'.'Jos another book ready for the press. : ' ; : Grand celebrationin-ewYorklyisterdApril 30, anniversary of the inauguration one hundred years ago. with Mrs. Elizabeth Stuart Phelps-Ward- , het husband,. Dr. Ward, is at her old home in Andover on a visit to her father. Her winter at the South has greatly improved her ay . heatb. A reception was gien atjthe Kindergarten for the Blind, Jamaica Plains, Mass., April 9. A fhlrrvsiM Phillir)3 Brooks. wptr made Hon. Leverett Saltonstall, and Rev. George A. "V .1 Gordon. ' bv-Re- "Raraabai-har6pened-"-Wr-.scb'ool.--,By4he-co- v. unsel of her advisory board inlndiarit ha3 been established in the Back Bay district of Bombay ipstead of at Poonah. Her reception among her own people ha3 thus far been cordial and encouraging.Ex. 