.. ',. - I .. - ' .; 83 WO MAN 'S EXP ONBNT ; Let bygones be byponee; If bygones were clouded By aught that occasioned a pang of regret, Ob, let them iadarkest oblivion be 6hrouded; Tis wise and 'tis kind to forgive and lorget. Let bygones be bygones, and good be extracted From ill over w bleb It is folly to frets . The wisest of mortals have foolishly acted The kindest are those who forgive and fprget. Let bygones be bygones; oh, cherish no longer The thought that the sun of affection has set; Eclipsed for a moment, its rays will be stronger. If you, like a Christian, forgive and forget. . Let bygones be bygones; your heart will be lighter, When kindness cf yours with reception has met; The flame of your love will be purer and brighter If, Godlike, you strive to forgive and forget. lie sealed them for eternal life, -" And all their generations, Who should bey the Gospel ptan Down to the latest years of manA multitude of nations. The Holy Priesthood ton remaln'd In all its power and glory; Until the Priests of God were slain. Their records hid f rom wicked men Within the bill Cumorah. Their rembants sank In sorrow down, Became a- loathsome people. To misery and sorrow doom'd, Their pleasant fields o'erspread with gloom, Ruled by a Gentile nation. c : But now the Priesthood Is restored, itta :; And blessings; v'H" partake Our parents and our chidreu dear With Joseph's remnants bare a share A LEAP FROM AN AUTOBIOGRAPHY. This feast lasted three days, during which time all in the vicinity of KiHtand who would come were invited, and entertained as courteously and generously as If they had been able to extend hospitality instead of receiving it. The Prophet Joseph and his two Counselors being present each day, talking, blessing, and comforting the poor, by words of encouragement and their most welcome presence; , fsome are now living who were present at that Feast, and many have passed behind the vail. The Prophet Joseph often referred to this particular Feast, during his lifetime, and testified of the great blessing he felt In associating with the meek and humble ones whom the Lord has said He delights to own and bless." He often said to rae that it was preferable and far superior to the elegant and select parties he afterwards attended, and afforded him much more genuine satisfaction; and to me it was "a feast things indeed; a season of rejoicing never to be forThe Temple in Klrtland being gotten. built and dedicatedr the word of the Lord to the Saints was to build up Missouri, and the Saints repaired thither as fast as circumstances would permit Great manifestations of power were witnessed In the Kirtland Temple; it used oftentimes to seem as though It was ill u in i. nated, and many and powerful were the manifestations to those" who were humble and participated In the ordinances bestowed upon the faithful Saints in that house. The first partriarchal blessing meeting over which ' Joseph Smith,' Sen;, presided was one of the most striking and noticeable features of that particular period of time. In this meeting I received the gift of staging Inspirationally, and tho first Song of Zion ever given In the puf langtfage was sung by me then, and interpreted by Parley P. Pratt, and. written downof which! have preserved the original copy It describes the manner In which the ancient blessed their families, and gives patriarchs some account of "Adam ondisAbmaD." : t - - 4 I 3io IMPKOPER T'EEATMENT OF IN. A gentleman bf;' sound judgment remarks,' that many a little grave i3 filled 7rbni?.n'otheftisethan the 'and 'unreasonable manner 'J imprudent which a: tender but ignorant mother treats c hor child;1 y, 11 w She goes with' it to the table, wh ere all kfnd'sj'of: fitod are: prerr ::catches ai heFkmfeor spbonwiUrlts tiny fingers, and if tho mother herself does not think of it, some one else imagines that baby r Wants ;a, tasto of pie, or .pudding, or something elseg and : mother, or. auntie having no realizing; sense pf how small a particle of rich food i noay distress the little4 -- To latest fenerations. . v-'- r:: : . As Adam blest his family . In Adam ondl Ahmau, So shall ou r aged father bless - , His seed who dwell in righteousness Upon the land of Zion. . stomach not accustemed to it, keeps giving it a little of first pne dainty article and then another, till presently .baby begins td fret, and then it wantsj spoonful of tea or coffee and gets it; andhen cries and worries, and mama ffcan't tell hat .ailsjt Then It must have, some camp be jolted, and trot ted . and shaken, until' its flesh Js so re it qaiiuot be mbved or touched without experiencing pain; so it screams and moans until, doubtless, it becomes an Immaculate martyr, victimized by medicines forrcold,rcohstimpil6nV lung fever, tcr., while the sole cause of its suffering and death migh t justly be attributed to Its Swallowing a very 'small 'amount of food, too rich or too Btrenuotis for the little unprepared stomach to 'digest. -- And yet the poor, Btricken mother feels that she has - done all in her power tasave the life of her precious darling, when she is at .last compelled to lay it away out of sight; Study human nature, mothers; a: proper under, standing of it is invaluable.. ;;; . The Prophet Joseph promised me thnt I should never loso this gift if I would bo wise in using it; and his words have been V. .... verified j ; , My husband's partner:: In U business; had .been sent 'up ta Jackson Co., Missouri and had opened a branch business there- and according to the best of ray recollection about 1837, the Prophet Joseph called up-o- tf my husband to go up to Far West to preside; we set about making preparations for removal. My friends, who know'what delicate health I had, and how unaccustomed I was to any hardships, inconvenience, or privation, looked upon it as: almost certain death for me to go into the wilernss, or what seemed little. better than or wiidefness among Indians., v My friends tried to prevail on me to, 'stay until my husband ehoulct go, and prepare a comfort, able "place for1 me and, my children; but I had unbounded fklth in the promises of Joseph, that, I shpuld be'abje to o in safety, and my tiusnu God was firm and unshrinking. I bade adieu to my beloved home, Extract from a letter of one of the Di where I had anticipated spendingrail my rectors of the Eastern Counties "rail way life, and "Where; every thingAhad been arEngland, to Mrs. Hannah T.:King:r ranged according to my own Ideas offtaste You' speak of your new 'locomotive of and beauty;- to1 my dear friends, 'ahd- my thIrty-twkind and eVer.' true Aunt Sarah, who had tons; ours noly-- are moti ihan been a mother Indeed to mo and - mine. I ; t double that In the early times,a'ri engine l. felt a tender 'yearning towards h6r, and weighing twenty 'tons was? considered had desired with all my heart to bring her and Impossible to run!? tleorgo n Into the. laith? of the Everlasting .Gospel, inventor,:was at? before a committee: of thaHousfelaughed but had .never been even successful enough of. Commons, for to get her to; believe in the least; ;ho looked n daxingr to hint; that a .locomotive might be me worked at fifteen miles an hour; now, it is as upon :onesbereft of my. senses; this was tho hardest.trial 4o me of ail to leave ..workeoVon tho ilnes at slxty,milesan hour, one so truo.analthful and devoted as she --1 lWlth a heavy train behind it I. had eyerr proved herself to mo 'and mine, speed, you ould thlqk,jfpu.coiild stand alone, viithout children to comfort her; but I believed I was serving, my Heavenly Fa. ther and the best Interests of all my friends. Fiware8dffi jii by so doing. . My children' were Tmbued , censire which sefni; topraisr which is with tha spirit of the Gfospelthat-althoug?n t i u .oUw treacherdas. '. r-- - -- r I aeert, , ! - "! 1 1 L - o; !- - ab-sur- d, Steph-ensonth- A-frightf- ul ' 'AmUUt a pleasant gai den, ,. loreljr flowers immortal bloom'd , And shed around a rich perfume; "' pehold, his nam was Adam. v Where Oneef the nobles of the Earth, Had mighty power ia blessing; ; - CONTINUED. In ancient days there lived a man, devotedly attaohed to Joseph, fland .were never weary of praying: for him ;;and their faith seemed perfect. In their innocence and trust they believed truly the Lord would hear and answer them, and they firmly trusted in all the promises and bless' ings pronounced- - upon them. With the earnest donfidence and assurance of these little children, I felt I could meet all opposition, and trusting In my Heavenly Father T.;.-come off victorious, . IZZIZ M continued. -- By the same spirit, Joseph gaTe A great and mighty blessing To Ephraim, and Manasseh too, Whereby their seed were carried through Long travels, though distressing. 1 By that same faith they built a ship, : And crossed the mighty ooean, land of choicest Earth, Qbtaia'd the -Foretold the great Messiah's birth, ' And all the great commotion. ;; t n ; .. Let bygones be by gqnes; ob, purgoout Ltbo leaven Of mahce, and try an example to set, To others, who, craving the mercy of heaven, Aresadly too slow to forgive and forget. L-- t bygones be bygones: remember how deeply To heaven's forbearance wo all are In debt; They value Ood's infinite good Bess too cheaply, . Who heed not the precept, ,4,ForgJve and forget." Chambers' Journal. 3 -, Isaac and Jacob, they ia tarn Had power to bless their children ' r ; Hence, Jacob by his filtr did learnt' And gave directions for bis bones To be conveyed to Canaan. ; - of-fa- they were disappointed in their. hopes and expectations. in regara 10 oDwiumg ouf' rior education such as wo had sought to stimulate them to obtaini.p.reyiousQ.pur work; yet they embracing the latter-da- y accepted this;chang(3 jnKefrrworldly; cir cumstances without a murmur. Theyrwero Tteceived the Priesthood, and ent forth; And blessed bis seed, and gave, the car.tn Y Blessings for their possession. LET BYGONES BE BYGONES. ' -- ' - ? h - 