WOMAN s; EXPO 9 N..E NT 7 years, originated in the efforts of women themselves, without which the old order would hotehange," nor "give place to new." : 'gUshwoman'a Beview." . '. -- ii FROM OVER THE SEA. London, May 27, 1878. I write from the Athenaoum Club, ono of the series of palaces which line Pall Mall, and impress an American visitor with some1 amazement. The Athenum is the only one among these which claims also an Intellectual reputation; it is the palace of men of letters; their place of meeting,- - of refreshment, of study, of luxurious repose. Its iibraryrreminds one j THE EARLY. WOMAN'S RIGHTS CONVENTION. Editoes' Journal: An article in your issue of Juno i, contains amistake which demands correction, a mistake Which may mislead future History; Whher'the; first -"Woman's Bights Convention the world ever knew" was' held In New York State is beyond my knowledge. But the first one that lever htfard "of: was at! Seneca Falls, Seneca Co., N. Y., called by Lucretia Mott, Elizabeth C. Stanton, Amelia Bloomer, and others, in 1848. The first State Convention in Ohio was in the spring of f50, called by J. Elizabeth Jones, Marianha Johnson, (wife, of Oliver Johnson) Marius Robinson and Emily Rob, inson. Betsev OnlfiS. M arv finvn a at which I was not oven present I should have mentioned, in its right place, that a report of the Salem Convention was written by Oliver Johnson, then editor of the "Anti Slavery Bugle," which Horace Greeley received and gladly published in full. This report Jrough t out, as her own words testify, in the earlier pamphlets, the able essay of Mrs. Stuart Mill on tho "Enfranchisement - fjrlr' : ,- - . 1 (feTindDaiy m haye . -d-a- ny I earnestly wish $W 1Zing g vTn mori ?m tteSSS of liberlJr sdmreaWpen and early .effort S P asrato in thegfeat work ' ' u lay it PiD,Dff aimculty. I "erips, which had also theKieat of the London School.Board. VlnGland,N.J.o' Wet the telid iSreasiir thopic-turesquene- ss 1 - ",ltI, bo impaired r thcipot is rcmorecU because ot, 'ihe' ,'prejudlcci.i against the mother., Lbear well! fiaidv ; : hai: this habit uld logically ? ofVrening lead to awarding any child tb 'a'pirenwho was a Churchman rather ihah ib a. Dissentf ing parent But; iho ;:imei?' a49!thtt most ImpprfanradmissibhehfUsa next day, ;thatlthQ same resisonlrig. would have taken; away: Stuairt fMlU,:as achild from the custody of his ifathori swhqbrdugh j him up very .much as Mrs.. Besant bfou ght V jt : " 1 , up her child; namelyr pot ta itbuOlmply to pos' ,:An.d Jhe;Tm:iaid;iran E0? i; that the Jwssibre Vpbinii ligion or to bellow of distinction only was to say that the social pb3ltfon;bf would be less affected; by the nf ' a boy unpopular opinions of a father than that of a girl by ' those of a; mother; a distibction' befween the rights of the" sexes which naturally V calls forth some protest : " ,T. w. n. -- 'Woman's Journal.' ,,,... SENATE OP THE ..... , IN THE - DlAI'liS .. z & tJNrrEi1-; r. Mr. Wadleigh, ;frbm the Com mit tee V liges and Elections, submitted the foll. owing report: To accompany bill B. Re . '- - whom was referred .th reoJuUon (8.. Itea. u) proposiog an aniwuameut 10 ttieJnaai- titionsfor aad " sam, make the remoustrajfes following repruf : . the . 7 ' Proposed amendment, forbids the United States or any; State to abrWge to yoteotfaccoubt ofseZ thejight it will If adopted, ISlZ0!' the make several millions ' . xperiVncedin ; ; other sex.all incapable ot cr to enforce th a UtirjKrirs t. - . cal strength upon - , . MwSS-grea- t, , of was assigned to the fa.: should onl v , h : fnri In pn m -- interest of the child, (!not' on .the ground, that she was unfit to. bring it up.: but on, the rather characteristicalljr . English' grbandr that the social position of the child ouldV:i Aspired her the4?1 result SdiVi?!?'11? ? ich,the cusl r hef in : . PoHticalaffairuixoenerally-dependen- t th? 'fder Pf Stuart hear her speaEfn .very cordial terms of the Ws Rights Convention in ohg OTfcf - menofhighi which thanome iwmWwtZ' meetings mvwi thVlsht9 of the Tne m oe tailed for the COnC.ISO ma ttfrmen of . ps the. Convention Four of thutchinson femi?;, aldeTwUh ejf m rlti MrTmma" Truth, with others young never after forgotten. - -- .(now-Mr- a. T-- smoking-roo- e. Swisshelm, Mrs. our beloved' C. M. Burleigh Trac reading-- p; , , nvi seen in an American Court5 The final de: cision seem3 severer in reading than it sounded; and though the Judge (Sir George Jessel) ruled against her on both points, he: plainly regarded her as a deluded, not as a bad" woman, and gave his decision with reluctance. One thidg that added to of the see no was thai it was a Jewish judge, who on the JewisE4bba. thus decided between a Chrlatn-husbahv and an atheist wife. , Another ticeable -- s, but the committee may admit foreigners not exceeding fifteen in number, as visitors" for a month. Through the kindness of friends, I find myself one of those now enjoying this privilege. As in allpalacesn- -I suppose you can make use of this for the least or the greatest you can come in to get a luncheonprivileges; or a postage-stamoryou can come in for hours of study in the library; or take your chanct. of meeting Browning or Mathew Arnold or Huxley or Hughes or Sir Henry Maine or Anthony Trollope or inany another who has before been to you only a name on a- - title-pagNo spot in, the world can offer to an Eng. iish.8peaking author such satisfactions; ' It " nn forma i. t auouia MV, emalf tn.t x r.-. say, of the ad- ' vantage of lndon residence to an aathor, that he has this magnificent intellectual headquarters, where he can meet au thors or . students in all the departments, and can uuiupare notos oirany subject with the men most atudled- it. I wish I could women share this advantage, but they do not. There are clubs of less pretentions to which women are, however, admitted; and I hope to visit some of these. I have had. the pleasure of London several of the leaders meeting in of the Wo. movement,- and have heard onSu the subject from Mrs. Fawcett CkeMiS3 Kerr' and others A U that they said was extremely to the point, and I was struck with the success with which they met objections. had per-haless grace and.eloquenceThey our speakers; and deal a. in than some of the Enklish way, more in facts than in abstract Plea. They did not strike me as prJncihaving any other, advantage; and I noticed that they seemed less successful in drawing i that capacity. , courtesyI-thought,-thanmifte- post-offic- And here permit metd offer a merited tribute to oho of the earliest and strongest of our noble band of pioneers. In the autumn of that year, the New England women called a like Convention at Worceter, Mass., which was largely attend, ed and ably carried on by the prominent reformers, women and men, of that day. Lucy Stone, Paulina Wright Davis, Mrs. C. ehl8t Abby K. Foster, also Wen-de- ll I' Phillips, Elizabeth Oakes Antoinette L. Brown, Harriott K. Smith, Hunt,i Wil-HaH. Channino'at nri uumuuua UlllTllXi ' lights of that time. In the spring of 1851, the Akron Con. vention was called, at which I was present, in J or part 1 nT0ther u on, carrying now remember, except Dd S my ignor! ant tS writing-room- -- and clearlyi4 though sho maicV osl thoaght, some ijmipably weak i)oIrits;.ahdHeraweeti ness under the abrupt interruptions of theb Judgea was something admirable BuMhe judge though abrupt wat Vnot unkind j ard even the opposing lawyer showed far more and dining hall; it is, as it were, the EoC ton Athena?um aud Tremont House thrown 7 into one; with a good many added luxuries, every conceivable convenience for study, delightful writing tables furnished with all tho elaborate English conveniences, a e r box", in every room, and liveried servants always at hand. To this is aaaea tne flavor of absolute privacy; nobody can bring a guest beyond the entrance-hal- l; . ti But there are also i -- m drop-lette- four-colu- mn of Women.", bly grander hall. rooms, a:4s4I1L :. - ination, pronounced obscene. and Immoral, I wish I had time td describe raore Ml&jtio trial the little "court-roo.tfic J herwigikl ; anp: judge lawyers; the. fairy cajrn gente young m6ther,;Qnlytwto 01 wh.,(,h 1 hero your committee. ' J .Z. - no e vidence r. ; be- - T J etitiona from variuus parts of the conn-- " try, containing by estimate about 30,000 :- - 