WO MA N the her sorrow, and; those lhat were with her. he groaned In spirit, and said, ''where have ye laid himaftipy;; say, "Lord come seeJesn " and his body Is decomposed. Jeluf said her, "Saidst I not unto thee that If thou wouldst believe thou shouldst see the glory days to Almighty voice, , earth, had no power to retain her prey, and he with grave clothes To be continued. April : 8 th, 1878. . for by so doing we are working out our own salvation. We were organized three yeare ago last Sept., by Sisters E. R.. Snow and E.'Howardand have' had no visits from the sisters' of Salt Lake City since, only from Sister E Howard while ou'a visit to her children, two years ago. We look for the coming of the Exponent like going to meeting, for .we realize the7 good counsels and instructions given from time to time through Its columns' and we feeRo : . say God bless IjU.- v hand in .e'hav qn quilts and sundries about thirty-thre- e dollars, also forty dollars in the Store "and have just made a purchase of fifiyhead; of sheep. of God -- Co-operati- ve We have never done anything in kthe grain i no if-- bu t w 1 th ' t h e help of oii r k i nd Bishop we are going to see what success we make this year. r;We made a call, and the sisters donated eleven dollar in 'cash far the emigration of the poor, which We forwarded by President Budge- when going down to conference! "Last y ear r we $c A nated twenfy-sl- x dollars and fiftyifi vq cents to the Logan Templej and the' year, be fore we gave ten dollars for . theiSalt Lake Tem-- . pie. This is our first report since we were organized, 1 amashamed 'to' own it, but if you will excuse us this timewe wili'strive to do better after this. -. c-"to We have the death of Sister report Agnes Smith, who died March 30. 1 She was a gieat sufferer Tor nearly two, years. ' She died as she lived a L Saint . She was; President of the Teach ers w h Ich office sh e held J ill she died. can - -- $ i -- jgood-faithfu- Lat-ter-da- y - I will close,1 praying God td bless each ; and every one. who are striving to serve Him and keep His commandments, ; - Sarah Tyson, Prest.-R- , . ri S. JounsonJ Kxhn CoApril, 1878: Editor Exponent; - ' ",-'- i The sisters of Johnson were' called together by Bishop S..E. Feb 11, 188 aud a Relief SocietyJohnson, was organ ized-wit- h Sisters Jane C. Johnson as President, ary A. Johnson,- - and Louisa Shumway tounselors.? ThO Bishop and Counselors - gave j . U3-- : excellent instruction concerninc ;i By the most careful and Judicious means is the spirit Of willingness and obedience instiled into the hearts- - of the young. Where compulsion is the governing power of a household, the children are found to be stubborn and willful, unjust and unreliable. It has become a Well established fact that to secure loving cheerful and obedient spirits for offspring, men and women must educate and govern themselves according, ingly, previous to taking. upon themselves the obligations of parentage. Possibly, the responsibility of parents in this matter, is even greater before; than after the birth of their children; however,-I- t does ; not end here, by any means - jhe same careful is still requisite, for both parents children, In, order to maintain in the homer circle, '. peace, gentleness and harmony which ever arises from a willingness to do right, and be led, not driven. ... There is rib Latter-daSaint mother,' who does not, desire most earnestly that her children may be counted worthy to be numbered among the people of God. Who would not find joy u nspeakable in the contemplation of bearing nnd rearing sons who should, become noble, - godlike men pro. phets, priests and king3 in the midst of Is. raeL . And ' daughters' ;pure and lovely worthy in all respects to' be the companions of God's most righteous nervants. According to the ancient prophet, the people, of God are to bo "willing in tho day of His power." WiLLiNa, we may believe, to.walki In, all holiness before the Lonl."! Willing to servo Him in unity and meek nessl Willing to abide His laws and keep 1 1 rr '". a willinq'people. " . dis-cipli- -- y - ne ,v MXBELT Hindman .' ' In Colorado .is - - : The. Go VeIsnob of California has recently signed a bill No GG,. to allow, women the right to practice law in that country, A member of the Senate writes f 'the . good news in a jubilant spirit But it was a close .shave j only two majority . in a full house.-- ' ; ' -. .;- ,.- . ,. Tue Executive Committee of the Massachusetts Woman Suffrage Association, at their last regular monthly meotIngf unani- mously passed a vote of thanks to the mem."-beof the Legislature who supported by vote and speechjhe .petitions for jWoman ' ' . Suffrage. . . - . , ..-.- . rs ; ..... - t . Tiie Califobnia "Woman Suffrago Association held a public .meeting.; at No. 14 1. , . " "l,lJf . organizing Equal Rights Co in ty Leagues, in advance ' of the elections. The lady seems to bo having excellent success in her'.': 'Work,; r. , " ;;::;--;-.:.;- Matilda Miss J -- 4j NOTES AND NEWS. s 1 j mut iuo unwming win not do numoereaT among the people of God in the day of Hit. ; -- 3 .....A... power,..' Sometime has elapsed since the readers Exponent, have heard a voice from tho" Relief Society of . this" place j though careless in this respect, we are I not lying dormant We hold meetings twice in each month, and have a general attendance of the sisters of this place. With the aid of the brethren we have completed a neat little building containing three rooms, one of which is large enough for holding our meetings, one for a Library and Reading room, and one for a Store in which will be sold home.products. Our Relief House, as it Is termed,' was dedicated on the 18th of March of the present year, on the occasion of whlchwe had tho pleasure of a visit from the Presidency of this" Stakejof Zioh, who after meeting in the Meeting House, then proceeded .to the Relief House, where the dedicatory prayer was. offered by Bishop Win. rB; Preston. Brief addresses were delivered; by Prest. Moses Thatcher, and W. D; Hammond, after which Bishop Wm. offered the closHMaughan, of interlace, ' ing prayer:' Yours in the bond of faith, t Ellen Whiton, President, Margaret Woodward, ) rminfiPftrq Martha Howell, LucyJHaslam, Secretary. x "H r t j : if eaforypu ,? love ano eru f causu.ox your wiiiingnusa 10 the Lord and forsake aH ev -- Editor Exponent: , The people here are trying to live their religion and do all the good they can. JTho sisters are very energetic and kind inat. tending to the wants of the sick,and poor--,. We hold three meetings each month which are very well "attended; our settlement is small and the peoplo not very well off. owing to the frosts, but we are living in hopes of better times in the future.. We are will-in- g to do all we can to roll on the Kingdom 1 ndMfeWWueli cipline you rsiel f-xi way that the truth may be ; of the awaKeso-iir- e Randolph, - Wellsville, Cache Co., Editor Exponent: rjT ?:Zi:'- od?rThen;he "crte"d7WUlrlOTdI "Lazarni come forth III At the sound of that R. S. REPORT. not in part,: but the His commandments whole.-- " - Mothers in Zion see to it, that you dis- duties-o- f the members of the Society here and, the Instructions are read with interest. " As ever, your sister, etc. C. A. Johnson, Sec'y. 7 the grave."' Jesus commands them to" remove the stone,' here' Marsha's .liiith, ! falls her, she exdaims, Jie hath been dead four I 183' , wBehoId how he; l ' bound, EXPONENT. Relief; Societies, and exhorted the sisters to bunited and prayerful that the Spirit of the Lord might be with JhejnJo lead and , guide hem, There . are several copies of the Exponent taken by saw and r Hoppin Homestead Building, San Francis- co, last week. Miss Rosa E. G. Hazard read an essay. on "Daniel Deronda," which was followed by a" paper, on Gwendolen" : and general discussion.-E- x. 'ui - : :j .., An '"article In .the ."Woman's Jourhi? of Apr, 20, entitled' "Wo'maii's, Rights Means Temperance, 'contains , some very-goologic; after quoting a paragraph from Mrs. A.Elmore's temperance article, "Specimen of Work Done .Inside," the writer, Mrs. Harriet X KGoff; goes on to say, we find no fault with this Instruction J3&sjijgw man's love as a shield,?' etc., she says, "But how is the affection of a wife which simply clings tj a besotted husband "and which oozes: out tho mOro, tho ,:moro he; kicks and beats her, to bo cuitiva? :ted or approved?" She Informs us that her experience has been extensive inthe temperance work among all classes, and all go23 to prove that wives and mothers ncod moro admonitions to inform, the ir; inteilegtnd cultivate personal and mental Independence, than to pour out the wealth of their hearts to develop moro of the judicious element In the love they now lavish so freely, and to become less of the "vine?, and more of ; the oak.:- - Mrj; Goff gives "so ma ilapt lustrations of' man's brutality and womn'd : deficlences to meet the case,and says: "True d ..pureshieidinglovo" is Jut what both and wife need, that It must pa reciprocal; they mu3t work together and not bo continually crying out to each other "hands off' this is my sphere, keep to your own," ; 1 g" very-touchin- : , -- ? 1 ; " hus-ban- True greatness drapes "Itself gracefully with the mantle of humility. 