SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, OC Vol. 7. God is moving upon the waters, of Truth has descended "with For tho Expokxjtt. HAPPINESS. 1878. hl3-han- No. 9. only safe road. To hay the power to do good is a blessed boon; add blessed are those who," having tho power, ' have the : the Angel healing in ; his wings," and tho torch of freedom livand liberty shall reign ing in . Half th the the world has ever eai upon What happiness supremo ire bumble mortals gain, What power to redeem, by faith and works obtain, If f althf uHr we seek the straight and xwrxovr way And God's commandments keep, and never go astray. Yes, surely as our day, onr God will grace supply; His promise Is our stay, when clouds obscure the sky; Our faith deliverance brings In sorrow's darkest hour; will also. d; - oTsojXen?Jer- - bn-woiimnlhalLjih- eJ - r-- -. --NOTESTAND NEWS. ilyno! VetilynoJ! Man recoils from grant- Omnipotent to save, we know Jehovah's power. No longer doubt and gloom our souls need fear oppress, For truth and beauty bloom, Increasing happiness ; With Joy our lives abound, tranquility and peace. May we be faithful found, till sin and sorrow cease. ing freedom to woman, fearing his premierCongresses on many subjects have been ship may be endangered; but surely he In Paris this summer, but none so imheld must know enough of the character of woman to have seen that the best educated portant for the readers of this Journal, or for the social needs of our generation, as are those who never intrudo on the bounthat on woman's rights,' which met on the dary of another, be it man or woman. 25th of July in the Salle du Grand-OrieWhen I speak of education, I mean those de France, 1G, Rue Cadet. The different who are schooled in home tuition! which is sections have, we understand, been at tvnrlr always the most powerful and enduring. : - As rJTwj:ite--- n this Jmbject, a character .throughout the past month. Detailed - rerises up in my mind, which may illustrate, ports both of the inaugural meet! ng and of and certainly will embellish my remarks-o- ne theubsequent transactions will not bo pubhas lished who until tho close of the proceedings, lived in our day, but who has been gathered to his fathers prematurely; but the accounts which have reached us show that'thef meeting on tho 25 of July one descended SrommimmJKjkPVQM$ was one of un usual interest." Mdlle: Maria dogmatical, punctilious old country. Prince r Albert a name; revered by the English nation readers of the "Avenir desFemmes," made and will ilium ine her history J Did he feel that he tarnished the glory of a preliminary speech on the special purhis manhood when, in accordance with the poses for which they hadmet; after which laws and customs of England, and all her nobles who hold offices under the crown, he Municipal Counsel of Paris, and Mrs. Julia had f 6 bow the kneo and take the oath of ..Ward Howe, were deleted presidents. i Tho allegiance to the Queen of England, as her icguiar proceeuxngs men oegan Dyan. ad- loyal subject, and, rising, stood ever after side by side with that regnant lady, as her who attended as delegate from the Demo- husband and friend, beloved and 01 iuiian. ana was. more- liege lord, tiauu Ajssuuiaiiea ITOfl r 10T to' fV'YTlf a almost appreciated by her, species of uuTviuiucui.: Willi 11.71" vuu'bvu "J;"-- . rinKC.nmnni.ntitk Hit) v.,., idolatry, to the last hour of his life; on e whom she mourned so devotedly and so ? This double mission, proceedings. helght-- z i. t t fit sho that caused almost a jealous anger eueu iuu imeresi wim wnicn ner paper was long, In her people, who, after leaving her in listened to; it dealt with tho IneaualiilM silent seclusion for two whole years, felt of the French Code, and was received with then she ought to remember she was their continual hearty applause. ;:;;ti:.. and again resume the imtoo. was the cordial, Very reception trivnn to a paper, on the broader moral asDeets nf perative duties of her high and exaltedtnis station, ah Mrs. Julia spoke loudly that he lost v equal right and justice,. from TTT nr, . J' no prestige, no respect, no waru nnw. Jtiowe. .Misaurannm-nf Phi. dignity, by the act of allegiance, and that other she was :the cago, representing Kiional American constantly called upon to perform, but will , Women's Suffrage i Association, rwas also ever stand as an exemplar of a noble1 j warmiy received. a devoted and wise' subject, a faith, Tho meeting was marked by one melan- prince, ful husband and a tender and most watch. cnoiy ieature: tne; announcement made by ml father. Had he been living on the Monsieur Richer of the death of the earth I feel that his voice would bo do Traveisari, who died sudheard, favoring the enfranchisement of denly at Bergamo as she was on the point woman; and emancipation from many of of starting for this congress, in which she her disabilities. Victor Hugo has raised had taken a most earnest and active interhis voice In public in favor of this effort, est. A telegram of condolence was dealso Gladstone, and Beaconsfield, and spatched to the Count Malliani, as a mark many g other minds. God works by inof the sympathy felt by all present at this loss to tho cause of tho advancement of struments, and such are these I have named. : Women. It Js good to have friends, good to feel lr.';::: r.vv ;:,'.;:; The hold us in their hearts, give us their they Congress has, wo understand, attracted and considerable attention; from Iho throw their iufluence into sympathy, the scale in bur favor, but the le French press; the Bonapartist section of - tith i K 4.At ... t t lii -must: spring from ourselves we must bo nuLu ucak lk uxaiuiy wiia riaicuio,:wnUe the Republican section, for the ready andwilling in the day of our power! ; most, show their sympathy with its object. part, Hence, iny sisters, let us walkwisely, cauWo . nt God's chosen ones declare "this Is the eleventh hour" Our ftTag will soon appear, majestio In his power: The Spirit whispers oft how glorious It will be, Its music, sweet and soft, says Zlon shall be free. Salt Lake City. Ells w II. Wallace. TFor LI, the Exponent. WOMAN. BY HANNAH T, KING .. to-da- y, This being seems to be the theine, tho problem of the 19th century. The queries concerning her are What are her rights? What her position f What are her capabili ties? Is sho equally accountable with man in her sphere? What was she sent on earth for? The Lord said, "It is not good for man to bo alone, I will make him a help, meet for him." Sho came from His hands a perfect woman and I would observe here, in tho penalties they afterwards incurred, their punishment? were entirely distinct; labor was laid upon the man, on the woman afar severer trial "In sorrow shalt thou bring forth children, and thy desire shall be to thy husband, and he shall rule over nicer- - snewing piainiy mat tni3 was not the original position in either case. In meditating on the life of woman, we must be certain that God has been with her from that day and hour; for, with jut the power of His SpiritAjhejgaust often utterly have failed; instead of which, Fer "covenant of suffering" has been borne with dig. nity, with patience, with meekness, with passive endurance, kissing the rod, bowing beneath the hand, worshipping the Judge! The exceptions to this character are so few' comparatively, that they simply establish the rule. When my mind runs back into the Irrevocable past, as in open vision, and I realize the incalculable amount of suffering, mental and coporeal, more especially the latter, she has ever passed she rises before me a being like through, our Savior bearing her crossand crowned with thorns! Batr- - pass she has indeed been in school, and generally exhibits the rigid training through which she has come up yet "through much tribulation." But God has said in these last days: "Arise, daughter f Zion, put on robes-GoIs thy Fatherland thy husband! and He will make . thy righteousness clear as the noon day. His Spirit shall go with thee to the end of time! Lean on and He will direct thy steps, and be Him, friend and counselor." Is woman awarethy that it is l thy-singi- ng d . God who has enfranchised her? Does that He has mapped out her destiny, Past, present, and to come! she-realiz- The Spirit of e " . ' - A . A . Queen-Mothe- r, " T-- r - . , : ; Count-esa'Mallia- to-da- y, - far-seein- ver-pow- er S tiously, but yet. un&leepingly in this momentous era of woman. Let us endeavor to . prepare ourselves (especially the young sisters) for whatever may be ahead of us, that if a wider field of usefulness bo opened for us, we may be enabled to maintain an equilibrium, a cool, calm dignity, that shall' disarm sarcasm and ridicule. Increased freedom induces increased and In all the affairs of life, responsibilities, humility is th men's ounrage Journal A . r .A' Mrs, Julia Ward Howe , U : going tc Egypt. Mrs. Howe was one of tho pre" dents of the Woman's Congress in Pi She lectured in Florence, Italy, befotas Philological Association and receivood. applause, as well as the highest en help, of praise from tho press. i.. , .' ' ni 