held The General Bctrcncbment Meeting Booms in the Fourteenth Ward Assembly interest-inV- . Saturday,. July 20, was Intensely Mrs. E. Mrs. M. I. Home presiding, B. Wells Sec'y. "pro. tern." The minutes imof the young ladies showed a marked provement which is moat encouraging, and the speeches all seemed spirited and full of UCbt President M. Isabella Horne, Counselors S. M. Kimball, B.W. Smith, Phebo Wooodruff,and Mrs. Hannah T.King,Mrs. S. wood, Mrs. E.- - S. Taylor, and Mrs, HeyTVnTiia on oh nrt'lrnnA rthe;meetinfir. n . ThQ subjects were the organizations of the sisters, the good they had, .accomplished, the future field open .before them, home duties, the training of children, decorum in .public meetings and especially the House 61 God; , night excursions, molding , . oi character, faith in sickness, the adminis- tration of the ordinance for,healing;the sick, Tbd "franchise," the coming election, woman's duty ou petitions, T:naturalizatIon papers, the Bochester Convention, the stor irig of, grain, the raising; of white bean3, the class of leading most suitable for the young people of Zion, keeping the Sabbath of others, day holy, regarding the ieellngs best could we home industries, and how ... promote item, .and a t great many other earnest and points 'werejjken u ' impress! vo manner. and beans and preparing for a day of need, said our motto should be "make hay while the sun shines," and lay up our stores now when there is an abundant harvest. Mrs. Hannah T. King next addressed the meeting; she "remarked that Miss Snow's discourse was most excellent and ought to be written word for word and published to tho world. She felt strengthened by it, and that Jtje spirit of the Lord was there, she rejoiced in tho sisters meetings; she felt the women of this church had passed through such experiences as had prepared them to fill Important positions. She. Also felt that some.-O- f us.had been, called upon lately to act in places that woman had never filled before. Whom the Lord loveth He chasteneth, woman- had been considered 8ubordinatej but she felt was now moving forward and occupying a broader and higher sphere. She would not arrogate to herself the title of a woman's rights advocate, but gloried in Woman's capabilities: bore testimony to, tho efficacy of the Gospel to comfort at all times and through all " . General Betrenchment Meeting, Satur. As. day Aug; 3, at the Fourteenth Ward sembly Booms, was well attended and very interesting; Mrs. M. I. Home presiding und on the stand with her were Counselors Miss Eliza Bv Snow, B. W. Smith, S. M. Kimball, tfhebe Woodruff, and other prominent sisters. iurs. xu. x. vYtiH, auiug Secretary. The President made opening remarks upon the care ol children during to be the hot weather, exhorted mothers childcareful about the food they give the ren and exposure to heat and draughts; said she felt pleased with tho movements made recently for woman's advancement. She felt the Lord had heard the cries of his daughters and was blessing them. In all great questions there was always more Counselor E. B. Snow, or less opposition. was the next speaker, she had been Absent from threo meetings and durlngvtliat time had visited the societies' in many places; she gavo a short sketch of her travels and meetings with tho sisters, 'their organiza. tions and tho great work that was being accomplished little by little. Miss Sdotv said wherever she hadj visited she liad Instructed the slsters to take out naturalization pa- pers, those who wero mot citlzons.: Woman's cause is man's cause there is no separating the two, but womaa's worlc and man' work are : different, v God Is at the helm, and he chooses such instruments as He sees fit to do His work; it is all one with us, B is a universal Interest,' We can see -- . the sphere of man la extending and woman' placo is at the side of her husband, as his counselor not dictator. Miss Snow said during her Journey '. whenever she vliited'a he w placo, she" told the people if ahe ' kriew tho character "of the women of tho place,' sbo would know the' htato of society; she entreated the sisters to read the newspapers, and, learn , the condition and 1 S- be more capable as' wo grow older than we could be if we had not this privilege. It is a great privilege the young enjoy in these organizations, and wo should esteem it as such and improve our time. Hoping that God will bles3 all who are trying to serve Him, we remain Your sisters in the Gospel, Leonora Bawson, President, Sarah Dixon - - , Harrisville, July . 17, 1878. Editor Exponent: The Young Ladies' Mutual Improvement I Secretary. -- of subjects which if properly applied will aid them in every day life, as well as help them to attain to an exaltation In tho fu . turo. - e, strength as well as knowledge onavaiiety ofthe country, what .was going on in thowbridi if the mothers were too busy to read thfi news, let, ihe children read to them while they were at work, and keep posted on all ailalrsof public Interest: spoke earnestly on! tho subject of storing grain J Almeda Taylor, Counselors, Sariah Bawson, a Margaret Pritchett " Lovina Shurtliff, Sarah Dixon, Secretary, Mary Wilson, Assistant Secretary, " Harriet Daybell, Treasurer. We hold our meetingaas regular as possl-bland have a good attendance, consider, ing our scattered condition; we read your excellent paper in our meetings, and feel blessed thereby. We feel that we have a work to do as well as the elder sisters, and by thus rommencing Jn our youth, we shall ment and intelligence. Mrs. E, a Barney Baid when we assemble ourselves together we always feel bles sed and comforted, she felt there had been a great deal of instruction given In the proper course of improvement, "it will bo well for us all to tako the noblest methods, all have not tho same capacity, if we listen when wo come here we will learn many useful items. The training of our children I is of the most serious consequence. wish our girls could be better tralned,many of them. I do not like night excursions, nor to seo our girls hanging over tho gate post, such conduct Is beneath them, but we cannot any of us walk the perfect mark, I expect to miss it many times, but I Intend to keep on trying, I hope that we will so faithfully serve "our Father" that we will be fully satisfied with. our reward." Pres. Home said she would like to mention tho election, it was to take place on Mon. day next, and we should all go to the polls and vote that wero legal voters, and had been registered under the' new election law, and maintain bur own instItutions;"oui votes count just as much as those of our brethren, and wo are becoming a power In the land; this reminds us of what Bro. D. H. Wells onco said in one oi our moetings, he said "the sisters are becoming quite a power; and for my part I am not afraid to trust them." These meetings aro of great benefit to the sisters; they obtain through this medium much spiritual : ' " Cyntha Shurtliff, ) tt Pnllv Ttawson. trials. Mrs. E, B. Wells spoke upon tho relation of woman to society, her influence for good whon properly directed, the necessity there was of preserving an equal balanco on all subjects, not to be extreme, but to ask for wisdom and use every means jrjven us judiciously; said there were many causes which had induced the women or the world to battle for the Suffrage and one of There was a these was intemperance. spirit and influence now brought to bear in the work women -were doing, that was scarcely understood,- but sbo rejoiced in the stand now being taken by women of judg- 1 875, - - . needs Nov. 11 th, under the direc. tion of Miss E. B. Snow, with tho following officers; Miss Leonora Bawson, President, the year Association of Harrisville was organized in Croyden, Morgan Co., 27, 1878. July Editor Exponent: The Belief Society of Croyden was reorganized Oct 22, 1877, by Bishop John Hopkins and Counselors; ,'; The following .named sisters were then unanimously elected as officers: Helen Thackeray, President, Mary Hopkins, j Coanseiors. Fanny Swann, Elizabeth Blackwell, Secretary, Hannah London, Treasurer. We have eighteen names enrolled as members; and all manifest a the spirit in this great cause. We assist dopoor in whatever way ..we can; have usnated liberally to the Temple, and aro ing our uttermost exertions In storing co-worki- ng wheat. The 24th of July was duly observed and celebrated here. During the day we had the eve a pleasant and social time, and-iand manning a dance, which was designed aged throughout by the sisters, and proved, The , musicians, financially, a success. Father John Toone and J. and W. Brownoccasion. ing, donated their services for themuch sue Wishing your valuable paper n ces3, &c. f . Helen Tn acker v. Pros' t, Elizabeth Blackwell, Scc'y. Connecticut has at last gained towards "Woman one point meet- will be permitted to vote in jschool tney ings,' and the4, meh; no doubt, think i have made a wocderfui concession men plpctinff the AVK'tM"fnr tho education oj. nuu 4' ci their children, boys and girls, teachers a heavy wages, and so on, In a Stato where percentage of tho teachers are womerrwii of a ioai poor salaries. However, part a better thau no bread at" all,' and uso of this privilege may pave, tho way future Independence lor women. 4,k-rsiof- .ii Ji rf - -- w- : Jlf f 