38 WO MA EXPONENT S - -- in jonesville. rnirELEcndN pompously, "The Senator and I have just been talking of Woman Suffrage, and ho agrees with me that such madness would Introduce an element into politics that would topple It down from the foundation of justice and purity on which it now firmly MRS. IIELEX RICH. Josiah looked up jfrom the New York llolda"says;he:3 am goin' to Jonesville to 'lectionjbime-- . - - rests." I did not say a tword, hut oh! what agitated feelin's I had, For he Jinew, and I knew, and bo did all JpnelYilie know, that Senator Vyse was a disgrace to the very name of man. A meaner, more licentious villiap, a more cowardly," cruel .hypocrite, never trod shoo leather, "lie lives In a perfect palace, a few miles from the village, ' by, Saman'tha. , You'd better rid o down and get tho stuff for my shirts." Says he, The town halj, as you know, is bein fixed, and the pole Is sot up right in the store. It will tie handy and you can go jest as well Hut I looked my companioirin-- t o face with an icytiurious mien; and says I, in 1 1 be .liA to the finer feelin's of your soul to see a revolt-i- dangerous language, the 3atbaand swear-in- '; to see Her down in the vortex5 of political warfare and tho .arena of corruption?" .Says I, "How is tho shrink, in' modesty and delicacy of ray sect a go- in' to stand firm, way amongst the rude massesand you there to"see it?" to be awful revolt-i- n Says I, "Ain't It to you, Jbsiah Allen?" . Oh, no!" says he, In calm, gentle acfor shirt butcents, "not if you was n-gc- ln' " a-go- in' tons." 1 1 ; i ; - . ;After we got to tho store, Josiah left me, and l called for the. shirt buttonsraDd cotton flannel.& J ' 5 I t ....-i-'tii- Just then a man came up to me that I never laid eyes on before. Ho handed mo a ticket with an awful dirty hand, every finger, nail, ef whichwas seemin'Jy in the e and deepest of mournin' for the pen-knif- nail-brush- " they Lad never seen; .and says es " " " W ill you tell inc, mom, whether that ticket is a Dimocrat ticket or tho t'other , ; ;e?;;;';;: ' I on and put my specks, gays I, "It is tho ' : . t'other one." ""Good gracious!" says be.' "Christopher ,; coiumbus!"" ; : " But?.? Interrupted of hira colony, and H Bays'T,-"6toswearin', instantly and thia minute! If you want my ad vice; proceed. " Says he", "There I have voted that ticket seventeen times, and I was ' paid to vote the Dlmocrat."1 Says he, "l am a man of my word;v l am a poor man, but an honest one. ' And here I have," says he in a mournful4 tone,'; "hero I have voted the wrong ticket. Oh, what woald the man say who hired me, if ho know it?" . "What did be give you?" And, a3 I said thlsj a strange, horrible suspicion camo ' ' ... over mo. M. t. "He fcavo: me in is coat, ; m id h e Then J knew it all. It was; farmer-- Allen's coat that had fallen to Josiah. Then 1 knew tho meaning of his mysterious s and crafty goin's onf "W hat made you voto the wrong tictcX? said I. "Can't you read??.' !T ; V "No," says he; "wo can't nono of i read, and : by not reading we . get cheated. There is so much corruption in politics " , : . . T xi-- now-a-day- s.' ' ..&"sai uch more Abtcd. - ; ' i he, iti .scornful tones. ."Wimmcn don't know enough to i.V ;.Y0tC,'Vj r. j... theuHldcr Miukley came Inbv tho 44"? store" with Senator ,Vyse, as ho had" the whole corpso diplomatic Tn tow Accl says be to his wife nrd me, drawins binjsrlf up "Wimmcn-TOtel"-tay- ?! ' ,;-"- - A ' ( "f d, fe, com-emitte- corruption,- qven :ir womeit J n ; 'Jwoke-itHoldltfhcr.lI- bo -- awe-stricke- 1 plot-ting- , loathe him. Then Elder MiniUoy introduced the Sena-lo- r to his wife, as if he was settling a great dowry on to her, and Sister 'Minkley, she looked perfectly and admiring him. woman was The poor upon completely overcome with the honor of touching the white hand of this scoundrel. Then Mr. Minkley introduced him to me. iBut I .was nerved up by lofty t principle, and never touched his hand, gripped hold of my brown alpaca overskirt firmly, and jest looked at him with a calm, rebuking mien. His hand was Jeweled, but it was stained with crimes black as murder. He felt it. His handsome, false face turned red as blood, as I remarked to Brother , ,1 A f Jlnkley signiflcan tly; fl, agree with you, Brother Minkley, in r what you said. I think Impure people ought not to bo allowed ta make the laws for innocent Women' and children. It would thin out the Voters some, but the country r Would be the gainer." They didn't seem to enjoy, my remarks, and shamefacedly walked off to vote. SisterMinkley and I looked out of the window, and says she: "Look here, Josiah Allen's wife, look at that cri tier across the street ! What would becomo;:of this nation if such things were allowed to vote?" She pointed to a girl across the street, a girl that, every time I looked at her, made my cheeks flush With shame lor her, and my eyes brim over with tears for her. This very girl, when she was a little child, was given into tho care of this Senator Vyse by her dying mother, and she grew up, as n rose-buand jest as pretty as a an unbeknowin' to the innocent; orphan, world, its glory and its wickedpess. And he learnt it all . to her, all its glry and all its wickedness? for she thougjit, Innocent young jamb, that a new world of light and glory had swung down from heaven a purpose for him and her, in them days when ho ransacked heaven, and earth to find tender ways and tender. words enough"' to ;'t el bis love for her, and his admiration for her beauty, her brightness, her grace, her sweet confidin' innocence. And so he held her hearty her life in his , hands, and she would have been thankful to have laid them down for tho handsum villian; If he had told her "to. And holdln her heart, as he did, he as he did, he ruined itr By every hellish' art that could aibo'calIed to aid him, he deliberately thls sin7v lie brought her down from innocence and happiness to ruin, wretchedness, disgrace, despair, drink, the streets! And1 then ho was unanimously chosen by a majority of the peoplo to make wUti laws, such as legalising; sin and ini. quiry, and other noblo statutes for the puri. , fyin' of.tho nation. And she? Why, as she a o.lov and ! . ; , ' half-blow- -- , , has: thousands of acres, "servants, horses and carriages; but I and Josiah scorn and n' tender jWoman" your companion, a crowdin' and elbo win her way; amongst tho rude throng of men surroundin' the pole; to have , her hear the immodest and almost r 1 . i d -- worthless for anything else, she is used as apitoiiliratratioiTTjHheT men like her are too sinful to vote. Says I, "Sister Minkley, as sure as there is a God in heaven, such Injustice will not be permitted to go on forever!" New " North West. THE BIGHT OF FRANCHISE. I have just been "reading in the Fxpo. nent bt July 1st, that the last session of that bur enemies Congress was ovcr-an- d have not been permitted-t- o accomplish their ends in disfranchising us. Well, we hand of feel to acknowledge the as we matter are led to this in Providence do in many others;for we do know and real, ize that the liord doeth Hisr will and pleasure upon the earth, and that. He can make the wrath of man to praise Him. Some years ago,ourvouId be.friends were just as anxious to secure the right o 'franchise," for us, as they are now to take it from us. They used to think wo were held in bond-aand that our husbands lorded over us with such an arbitrarypower that wo had no freedom at all to act or think for ourselves. 'Tis true that the right of Woman Suffrage is a very good thing for Utah, and that it would also be advantageous to any community, for woman can diffuse the elements oi peace and good will that must necessarily benefit any people or nation, and in no way can she do so as efficiently as . having a voice In the public-wealLadies we ought to esteem the Suffrage highly, and rally round; ihe' polls and vote each and every One of U3 that have the right so to do, for if wo do not we will be under condemnation for our negligence, and it will be to our disadvantage, for many are looking to us to see .what benefit is derived from our having the Suffrage. Our outside friends say II we would do away with Plurality of Wives, that we could have the privilege of enjoying all the rights of citizens of the United States, and not bo persecuted or driven; but we have chosen long ago, whom we will serve, and we shall leave the result in His hands who doeth all thing3 well. What a hue and cry tho world makes about Celestial or Plural Marriage, we do wish they would let us have something new, by way of va. that rlety; that song has been sung so long it has lost its savor; let them who accuse us of immoral practises first cast the beam out of their own eye, and then they will be better prepared to see clearly whether there is a mote in ours. Jt. is hot because our people have more wivesf, but because they adhere to principles vof eternal life: that is the real bone of contention, Satan has always been opposed to the kingdom of God and the principles of purity taught therein, and those who are of him cannot bear to see those principles established that of his power will, tend to the destruction ,J and influence. , "V " The Bible f condemns immoral practises ,aud fcrbids evils, such as" adultery and all manner of fornication, but sanctions plural marriage, and thoso who practised it were the chief men blessed above all men.-'- If of our great nation- - magistrates, judges and ministeis of iho Gospel would look at thewickedness and licentiousnessi of the ; whole nation at largo abd try to suppress it, to mako such laws as.vould tend to a better state of society, and would seo them enforced among their own class as well as tho poorythey would be doing a public good. Do thoy "do: these things? No, they do over-rulin- g e, . " : . 