MAN'S EXP ONE N T WO 166, circuTastaned'. or tfiwprker!irir ;j8eir not the laborers, that must hero, the hear his wisdom Ills grandeur, and his she had been, told of it in her toTPfliness:' own country, but could not ; believe it, but ' she closes ner cxciamauons or surprise ana wonder by savingleJiafiwas not told ; -- St. Louis, Mo. Ex. th vlervants "who stand continually before "thee and hear thy wisdom,' and they-cx- - turned rejoicing her She was of adding to appreciative and was desirious ' her knowledge and wisdom. How few possess this faculty, a small mind nevery the 'truly great a re.eyer humble and :.: childlike; ever readyf to learn7 , SHALL .MARRIED WOMEN TEACH? just now exciting some discussion, and is one of sufficient importance to render it. worthy the study of the thoughtful educator; The; decision must married worest solely on; ono points-a- re '. men competent teacbers? Now this is, after all, the only basis upon which any man or woman should be em pioyed in a work ot such vital and eternal value as teaching. ;; There are gentlemen chivalrous, kindjlsympathetic,' blessings upon themi whoso :keen insight penetrates into the life of womaii struggling alone in thenworld, rfcndwhose generous sy - would extend ;tp her position and salary in e rplea not r ot Hhet?oi3araMd7ir:th - ; her ability: but of her need, of tho work. lAndltheso say lf?a woman is prosperously ,i married, i( she has found strong arid tender v .''hands to smooth for her all the rough' places of life, ttjen give her position to one who is t suffering Jor ijiie;financial;profitsU t offers.? ' v This conclusion ia in n material sense h u- ; mane and considerate,: but JLs premises are -- for tho work is the1 ;.' utterly falsOi,. Fitness Which teachers should be only financial neeiJwere If the only j employed, j to then point determine.; whynqt refuse a- -to place an unmarriod lady who lias a fath--- ; er on whom, to rely? Then, when a candidate for a teacher: presented, herself, her fate could be determined, not by a test of knowledge and general powers but by reference to the tax list) to ascertain : the income of her fatherl Charity is certainly a type of heaven, but ; justice must take precedence even of mercy in the selection of public ; school teacheis. Jt Is: poble and grand to give, . in the seiec. r. tion ;of mechanical employees, preference i - jto the'aYerago ;Woman-T:wh- o needs it, to wbora lifeat best is but a; struggle, but in . v the high and holy (work:of education work that might well; tax an angel's powers personal considerations should not prevail. SomeofiUio finest educational' work in :tho .United States is done by: married wo. men; ; Their private life has nothing to do with their public they toil i for dally bread, or whether they, bring to ) their work a fresher enthusiasm, a higher zeal in teaching, because they love the la- bor. In Jact, the woman to whom salary is less an object than the enduring results of her labors ha3 In herihands a lever ithnk brinK9 cultured, thought ;to her! work, in a v 1 .impuaiuio io one inMimited and ill -i Tiiampered circum stances. Married women V bring4o their .work an experience, an in sight, a poise rarely. attainable in teachers H t younger ;anu untried..:. Thcv hav . and Judgment, discretion, and the school couiu ,: system spare them. The public ' - schools are notmy designed as a charitablo in- stitution to furnish employment lor indi gent women.; their aim ia to produce the ; . 1 -- i i -- ; . : . t Avork-whcth- er ! J f ; 'tf -- ; : -' his ever becoming fully converted to the divine reality that women were created in God's image, ("Male and female created he them,") or to the honest conviction of grand old Wendell Phillips that "God nev. er wastes ability." Tupper has sweetly written that "Woman is the poetry o( a man's life," but where wo would ask i3 the poetry of woman's life, we fear it will too . .. often prove, to berrrverse. , , The .burden of the song of every daughter of Eve from the creation ha8 been 0, f were only a maril And whence this desire?;. From the fact that sho has not been allowed to be Woman's self. Shp has not been allowed to cultivate the talents which' God has given her equally with man. horlabor of -- obedient to their parents and kind to each other; I think such a mother is blest. How beautiful where there are large families and all the .older members make it a practice to speak kindly to each other, and set good examples before the children and we must, if wo want to be true Latter-daSaints, and gain for ourselves an exaltation. We must try and bear with each other's faults and not one feel: above the other. How elevating is the .lendency of such a : familyii;ll6w happy must thq:husband and father feel, when ho comes homo Irom his labors at night, to meet the smiles of all his household, and realize the good feelings existing between them;; Let us then, as true wives and mothers in the absence of the husband,! call our little ones .together when we are about to, 'retire to rest, and haye prayers1 with them, and ask in , faith for such things as.we stand in rieed of, and the Holy Spirit to be with us at all times, and when we close our door at night let us ' try and shut out all contention a&d discord, and lef lis; seelc to live aright so that We may be counted worthy of an exaltation in ' the Celestial kingdom. should be pleased to have aonie one tell me how long the poor creatures have been allowed to exercise their "lazy intellects." When I contemplate that it has taken cen. turies to bring th'e dull comprehension of man to the realization of the simple fact f ; ; Even Clarkston, March 12, 1878. ' The f timer's past when, "anybody ; can manding, that the youth of; their children shall- not bo wasted by superficial culture, good seed be sown instead of nox:Mnfc ious weeds. r Is them any parent who considers lhatai common-schoo- l : education is more than his child needs? cr that the best - teacherMscliodJiAserJiadJi On the contrary, did ho' not pay his sharo of the tax. for that teacher more -- willingly than he . any hther'siml-,la- r The true economy Of. timers to tax?, most in it; of the children's the accomplish time, it js to prepare them "for lives of usefulness, to 'fit them to fill the ambition of their parents in becoming the noblo men and women of the future.- -, H White EX. ,.- f : ever-paid- ... r nocx-istenc- e ; "Civilly sho is,a minor. "In marriako she is a serf. Vln lal?or ;sho is made inferior and ro' bbed of her earnings. "In public instruction she is sacrificed to . - - man. "Out of marriage she answers to the sins committed by both. "As a mother she is deprived of the right to her children. "She is only deemed equally responsible, intelligent, and answerable in taxes and ;. crimes." Not long since a minister of Ihe gospel, in this city, one who claims to stand upon a very broad platform, castingi)ehind him the -; , . all Creeds, Dogmas, boldly denouncing narrowness ..of all denominational lines, the grandly , and eloquently advocating of scientific and spiritual advancement man, well this modern Heologist, amazed the thinking women of his audience oneof evening, by the injustice and audacity this assertion. '"""'.r'-. teach school," even a country school. The time has come when the people are de- idrliim? - to-da- y, 'Voman is held politically to have : Jane Godfrey. com-et- h i -- y i - br men are Jhe: aclualpossesgor -- that women have souls, I almost despair of ,.. p3yment-i- - . JovezHow pleasant it is to see children f cal in; kind: ;giance; ! her--techni- Noticing: a piece in the Exponent -4-- wtman i n la vor &t h u martr- equallf yL"; which unconsciously falls from the lips of ungenerous, egotistical men.. As it has been grudgingly admitted since "the meri. dian of the third century," by, a small por tion of the "Lords of Creation,' that wo. red gm en dren with .corresponding sympathy, doubt, less this earth would exhibit more of heaven than fat present. I think a mother teaching her. children to pray is tho most sublime and tender scene the imagination can conceive. Elevated above earthly seems she like one of those guardiathings, n-angels, the companion of our earthly pilgrimage. A dear mother is the first to embrace and nourish our puny frames, so I would say unto you, children, be kind to your mother; it is she that watches your bed of sickness, it is she that Is ever ready to proffer to the parching lip the coot draught, and soothe tho fevered brow, happy if she meet one t : peakjhefuturelbriousdestlnyf We watch wltH zealous care every unguard ed utterance, every unintentional acknowl, ithymotherj thatthy days maybelong on .the earth.lJ. think were the affections of : the mother felt and cherished by her chil- -- basla-upoU- Lilian Wuiting. - "Duty of rarents" it caused me to reflect on the duty of children to their parents. I think it says somewhere in the Command, ments of the Lord, "Honor thy Father and d : . Durr op CHILDREN YhiDgedfryrcciotism own land.'. to - This is a question This is truly an ago of progress, and we may add an age ot competition. We hail with delight the many5 indications that be receive the most profound consideration. -- TOfHappynrMth& own-min- - labor, ; -- "INTELLECTUALLY, WOMEN ARE best possible results, irrespective of the visit fo King Solomon, she came to see and 'J, " : than flntcllectuaHy, women 'are lazier or if yo" men." No doubt tho .rudcncs3, please, the vulgarity of th o; expression from impress the.feader as it did me,coming a college-bre- d Theologian, and wo hopewowill make the fist of every intelligent man in the land clinch as did ours when we heard it. sake of IaingTad that ho said it for tho iney the women who "have all the rights ncea want." It is just such medicine they to make them whole. ' " : ' Ex. : ' ' .v ' -- . :11' .'I'll 7 W prove our love of God by keev l.islaw , --r ';.-- :lrl 11 -- 