WO M A N 18 THIRD QUARTERLY CONFERENCE. RELIEF SOCIETY SALT LAKE COUNTY. a - meetings lieldSaturday, Juno 22d. 1878. at the Fourteenth Ward Alio ates-o- f- Assembly Rooms, Mrs. M. L Horne, Presi-- dent of Relief Society of Salt Lake Stake, "presiding. Counselors Mrs. E. S. Taylor and .S. M. Heywood, Secretary Mrs. E. Mrs. S. M. Howard. Mrs.Phebo Woodruff. ivim Dan, r airs. Jiiarinaa nyue, MTSmxir Vells, Editor Woman's Exponent, Elder O. F. Whitney, reporter for Deserct News, and Presidents of Relief, Societies from different settlements occupied the stand and . hi? i ria oanxvinrv n r. ti qrrnpiTi - Counselor E. S. Taylor, the Secretary, E. read the minutes of the last Con- Howard, ierence, wiiicn were acccpieu, anu inen the Quarterly report of each branch of the Relief Society of Salt Lake County, except viiu xuiovculu uuu xiiueieumu tvurua in oaii Lake City, and West Jordan, which were not reported, were read. President Homo then made some remarks, a part of which are given below: "I do not like the word begging, which is used In somo of the reports; the word should not bo used; it is not begging, but voluntary gifts that are contributed for benevolent purposes. Moses Called on the Children of Istael in the wilderness to donate for building a Tabernacle, and they gave so freely of their jewels that ho told them to stop, for he had more than enough. It was not begging. There are two or three items I wish to mention. We are with the brethren, we aro keeping an account of our labors in a Stake capacity, our Secretary needs a book for thi3 purpose, our uorresponaing secretary needs paper, envelopes, stamps, pens and Ink for her labor. Wo require some means for these public uses. At Drapcrville the other day, when I was visiting the Relief Society, the sisters contributed six dollars and ninety cents towards a fund for that purpose. It Is a great day for women In Zion. Last Annual Conference was the first time that women were voted for at a Conference. I am glad our labors are coming into notice. When the Church was first organized there wero only six members, but. it soon increased in numbers; the Twelve were called and Bishops and other officers wero set apart for various offices. In due time a revelation was given through the prophet to Emma, that sheshould read and expound the Scriptures to the women, and she was ordained to fill the position as President of a Relief Society. Wo hope to have our next Conference held all day. At that meeting wb would like to have a report of the labor done, and also of the spiritual improvement. Let each one ask herself hoar much she has improved In speaking, praying and doing good." Mrs. S. M. Kimball: I feel a decree of . .iim.i uuiiueuco ana oi pleasure in standing be- mo lum or next month juieyou -- w B - 1 co-labore- rs ; s , i 10-ua- mm - m y. the Thirtieth ahnlversarv r th first organization of women in the States bo you will pardon mo for referring to this, but it is to comnnrfl it with th hi r u organization of -- women in this Church which goes farther back. A few of us met together in. my parlor in Nauvoo; we had a dosiro to do something towards helping to build the Temple. Wo had some s written out by Sister E. R. Snow, and wo showed them to President Joseph Smith, and he said he was glad to have the opportunity of organizing the women, as a .by-law- 9 S E XP ONE N T. part of the priesthood belonged to them. Ho wished us to meet ki the Masonic Hall, over tho "brick store,"" i n Nauvoo, and wo did so, and ,there organized on the 17th of March, 1812, Emma Smith was chosen to preside, by unanimous vote, and Joseph told us that she was an elect lady, as $ho had been elected. Our sisters in the States are seeking to improvo thelr eonditioT!. Miss Anthony, one of the leading women among them, well known everywhere, has vritten4oIrsclisJ5ditorjLfe women of Utah as a saying the " nent, body must fight for the maintenance of the right to vote, and also to get national guarantee for all women in the nation. President Smith the Prophet said women should ask us for advice, and the time should come when tho women of this Church should Wo should lead in such matters. make suggestions to each other for improve-ment.She then read some rules that had been written out for the Society oyer which she presided. M Mrs. E. B. Wells: "1 feel it a pleasant duty to stand before you on this occasion; we come together from time to time accord-in- g to appointment, to confer together on important matters relating to our labors as a Relief Society, and to give an account of our humble stewardships. Year by year we are becoming better acquainted with each other through these gatherings together, and we are obtaining a knowledge of the position we occupy, and learning to fill it more and more creditably. Nothing else could have effected the good that has been dono through the labors of tho sisters in these organizations. We are gradually enlarging our sphere of usefulness, as we de. velop our capabilities. In coming together we aro of mutual benefit to each other in interchanging our ideas, and we learn to love each other, and we strengthen "each other's faith; we come here not to report individual labors, but to report the general condition of the societies. It seems to me it would be well to report the spiritual condition as well as financial tho amount of work done, the number of meetings held, what kind of meetings, whether testimony, teachers, or working meetings, and the aggregate number of attendance; the names of Assistant Secretaries and Treasurers, also presidents of Teachers, should be given in the report with the number of Teachers. Sister Eliza has told us many times tho important duty of the Teachers, in visiting among the Saints; it is a holy calling, and a responsible place to fill. The Scriptures say, "Pure religion and undefiled before God and tho Father, i3 to visit the widow and the fatherless," etc. We should take especial pains to conduct ourselves in such a manner as to ensure the respect aud confi. dence of each other, and be over helpful and considerate of each other's feelings, and hold sacred each other's characters; we want to become efficient, practical and experienced workers, helps to the brethren,, helps to the priesthood; we, my slster3,.are the pioneer workers in these institutions, laying tho foundation, for if tho prophecies of ancient and modern prophets are fulfilled, our young women will eventually be called to fill high positions in connection with the young brethren in this Church. A great deal has already been dono in taking care of the poor, In donating to Temples, in storing up grain; President Young had great confidence In tho sisters labors. Mrs. Jane S. Richards: "I always feel happy to sit and listen, yet I have ever a testi. mony to bear, and when the Lord assists us wo can do anything. I have been ininKing oi me nrst oi tne Stake organiza tions, when President Young first said we were to have Quarterly meetings, I Wa3 astonished, it almost made me stagger the idea of the sistere having a Conference-bu- t we have accomplished some. lim it has been of benefit, no matter what our duties are, if the Lord helps us we will bo seccessful. Our daughters will be able to do much more than we have done; a good many of us have been pushed here and jthere, persecuted and driven,, .ojropportu. vvn-- .j, , no riot do a3 we would; traveling from place to place; but now we are prospering here and our children are having many advantages, and tho Lord requires us to speak of bis goodness and talk of his blessings Some think there is no necessity for Relief Societies some of our good brethren even would rather their wives would not attend J tnink their only, duty lies at home; but! am sure we feel happier and better, and can do more work and do it better, when we our meetings. We can all do something to help; I am willing in my weak way to do whatever lam called upon to at-te- do." nd , MrsMarinda Hyde: "lam pleased and happy to see the progression of our sisters-thwork we are engaged in is true. I be- longed to tho Relief Society in Nauvoo. I appreciate the teachings and suggestions that we have heard here there are many useful things wo can impart to each other, and we realize Our efforts are not in Vta. Iam thankful I have lived to see this day, and I pray God to bless you all." Elder O. F. Whitney: "I feel rather lonesome among so many ladies, the only one of my sex here. I do not know what I can say, but hope it will be a benefit to us all. This is the second woman's congress 1 have ever attended (jf I may call this a congress, and I think I may with propriety); the first was in Cleveland, Ohio, last year. I feel that there is a different spirit herefrom what there was there, though the speakers were ladies of education aud cultivation, but the tendency was to sarcasm and witticism, all reflecting upon the other sex, and to create a laugh; but the spirit here y inculcates peace, and will culte to-da- y; to-da- ivate love and good feeling, and you have had good counsel 'given to young ladies, and I know the same will apply to the young men. I know my mother's instructions to me have many times saved me from doing wrong, but it was directed by the Spirit of God. To educate children in the right way Is just as . necessary a3 anything we can do, and mothers have more tho responsibility of thi3 than the fathers. Every good man 13 interested in this work; I feel you are doing a good work; you have my faith and I pray God to bless you." Mrs. M. L Horne: "I would like the Secretaries to send In " their next Quarterly reports a week before the Conference; send them directed to tho office of the Woman's "' ' . Exponent." : ; It was then moved and seconded that ma vxmierence aajourn until oaiurji Sept; 21st, at' 10 o'clock a. m. at the same place. Singing by tho choir. Prayer by Elder O. F. Whitney; : '."r'K V'' Howabp, Secretary. Washing Colored Fabrics: Previous to cashing calicoes and ginghams, t soak them in atr with ox gall; the quantity, one tablespoonful to a gallon of water. Vinegar in the rinsing water for ' anpink and green heightens tho colors, and soda swers the same purposa fcr purple and blue. . 