W OM AN' commencing at seven o'clocljmd continuing up to; ihaitime. There of buslnesaf dispatched ddrlpghis teiraf Some excellent bills have been passed; among which are the revenue and election. bills. ; Several bill have been Introduced that have passed both Houses, and been , vetoed,, or remained Adthput the;Governor's;il HlrcellencyjGoveraor-Em well as any man could have done,, under ; the combination of peculiar circumstances. One eligUbill, which was designedJtainake-womeoffices, such as Superintendents of schools, &c , the Governor refused to sign, after itr had passed both Houses. We do;nbt wish4o Judge In this matter, but: we cannot understand why, in a Territory where women have .had the suffrage eight, years, and have proved themselves capable of maintaining the ballot without becomtog extremists, they may not be allowed office such as they are qualified to fill. It seems to us it would have been an act of nobility in Gov. Emery to pujfhisrig-natur- e to that bill, ancl lie would certainly have won laurels for our humble estimation.-- ; As an example of woman's cariosity, we would like to flnd'out 1 why he didn't sigh that bill? ; IaaedhidpUanlflmiJ tribute In ittelf to the memory of any man-pro- ving bia strong sense of justice and'abun- aant cnaruy, ana no greater gut can any man have than charity for his Ieilowmen. ' ' fi - MilJeh-ialtarlea- - se copyTTT7; :,y?cf7THFT 1 In th odecVvbf 'heart disease Sarah Baker; beloved EeWas born May wife of James Du dman. TO 27 i812,fih jDevigisi ViItshirej- Enlaud; ; wa baptized July 11, 1814, by EideVhbmas BmithJ in r the city of Bath, EnglarfdlEniigrated 23 i.n Doraen gather grapes of thorns, or figs of years agq to IJian;most vofj tfie.ime.sb.e resided in fe'aib' Lake City. For many years as an accoucher, with very good success. bhe was much respected by all who wt re acquainted, with her. It can bo said of our dearisister, SJiej rests jn will follow: her. - She. was a good ,wifo, affoc ' tionate mother, and a faithful Saint. she-practise- corrupt fountain send forth pure waten?,A 0 ' The obntinuai Iricreaso In the' number1 of d ; : -- r : . orimlnalfl. innaflpa. rftiinAra. hf1prt!-- ; Vf formed persons, and helplessj'wretched human beings, from allclassesof society; the increas ing tendency to stmsuaiity ; as e,vincea by tne dress and literatureolthe times, and the frequent cases of teductlonj BuIcideabprUon, In- fanticide, jealousy and .murder the ebiliiated, DEATH OP AN - ENGLISH CLERGY- - IJJFor the Expokmt. diseaisedi Yehave to record the demi?e of another no- n-th- , Mas.va-chusett- , . ,11-- 1i f, '. all muchdrawing: her band-car- t through that long and trying journeyj:' She has ever been a faithful Latter-daSaint, has to borne her testimony many of the nobles of y 4 . : - - r 1. vu nrm J . . We therefpre, submjthe following .proppsl-- ; tiona, eldjio-b- true; bymany.inpbie, phiian-thropi- o mluds, and, ask, for them the;; candid : hu-m- an a zot in, and relish for the daily blessings and e, uses of a pure llfeP : ijhui l Uiiir 2.- - That the act" by which a'Tiumari vsouI Is called into existence Is a creative act, resigned ' ' by the 'Infinito Creator t'6 people earth and heaven with pure, happy human beings each soul to be the eublimatea eisence br the. best i qualities auu uappitBvuuuumuii ox its preuts; and that the "earthly agents of our Heavenly Father have no right to degrade this high and r holy, use' to low and selfish purnosea, j 3. That' 'through, Jgnprance and .selfishness the human family. have perverted this exalted office to merely sensual Indulgence, resulting - inaise'a siciansaDd the world in general scaHi.prmal in a constant and frightfu 1 increaselof vicious depraved, ana aiseasea numan oeings, aoomea to Infamy and i suffering by the slna of . their parents before they We're born, according to the Inexorable law, "the " fathers' haver eaten ,sour, grapes and the children's" teeth ' (hall -- - r'. , i uid 7. grinds - 4 That thus, through' the degradatfon of a : - ; " - f mm Bill person should experience a cocscio us: do- 1120 tm nvinff. ana? in nerrormmir tne uses or :life; but that the race, by-- IOUg" course of self lab, sensual; detitalizidg'vindulgence, "has" lost ! ' 4.Tm trmrr'-1. That according to Divine order, every, . ; iir aJ manity tem-pbrarl- iy -- m w 11 La ;dispassiobate"consideratlonpfalUotera jafiin; s -- and suffered : e - . ...'VViirrjUiKUlL-.j- these tlnn rr thfl j!1p nr.thosA. lAarfnl d nrnars and 'a fearlefft annllpatlnn 'of Whft:ftrp.r .'rioma. . rt i imlte, , : l i . i the earth, among them Victor Hugo,' who answered her letter under his own hand,' giving her credit for being a sincere and noble woman." She has lived and died In obscurity kittle known or appreciated, but the has made ber calling and election sure; and , her name will yet be held la honorable remembrance in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter clay " ' ... j. Saints. .V V i Res qui c scat in Pace!" i H. T. lv i f. ' Died, In Salt Lake City, Jam 9, lS78,-Mi- s. Sarah Ann Burbage Long. Pceased was. born June 2G, 1817, at Maidstone Counfy of Kent, England. She was the' daughter of Thomas and Mary Ann Maxori BuibageJ and was a Id.y of superior1 education, cultivation and attainments, and of pleasln g and attractive manners She was well known In this city as an artist of considerable, merit.4 Her sufferings,, during a protracted illness, were very great, but she tore all with saintly, patience and fortitude. She was a faithful Latter-da- y Saiut." Mrs. Pled, in Salt Lake City, Kov. 36, 1877, Rev.: George R. Hewllngs. Deceased was born in London, England, in; July, 1807. His father was a member of the British Parliament, and ed u cated h im (or the law, but he preferri ministry his father acceded" to his wishes. 7 Ho graduated a Cambrldge in 12,;and was to the Christian ministry in the Inordained; dependent Church. He' suosequently had charge of a church in Lincolnshire eight years, after whicli he. removed to Avdrcester, where he had a very large church eight years. His trova inst&jxt labor health became in his profession and come to America., He preached in Illinois and other States. He also delivered',many lectures on- moral, historical and .religions themes. He was etrlctly conscientious and upi Ight, honest in his con vie tions, and 'candid iu; expressing his sentij ment8.? His whole life i had. been remarkable for piefy and strict adherence to pastoral and ; ..;T.;..-- :: domestic duties.' ; ' l Rev.' George RrHewIings camef to this city in the spring of 187, on a visit to i tilt wife's , relatives.'! He was a 'stranger to this people ) their views and conditiott but' wis delight ed with the climate, and had remained up to the time 'of.his death, thinking each year he would ' return again to his native land; where he had a beloved" daughter and son and ther families, to all of whom he was fondly attached, 7 He has aiso a son settled in New; Z?alnd., He w&s a man of superior attainments ;Iu education, "aud a firm friend to thpse'whci 'were woi tbyj of whatever faith or creed. He had a strong admiration for men f who acted frbir principle and despised a ttal-to- r, or a hypocrite. We speak from knowledge y. cf this good man (our brotrieT by marriage) j knowing his many excellent qualities of head and heart. He took great pleasure in reading the 'ExpoNKjiT, and ofteh Veot it to England - to ladies of hi acquainta!icer that they might judge orMormon women by their writings. II believetl1 u the hlg'reducationf women, and was warmly interesttd In all literary pursuits. We caa say of him truly, that although net espousing the doctrineis of the 'Church of Latter day Saints, he was a strong advocate wjeekedn and the inereaslrig niortality of ittfenfill of accumulated hoirori unite to demand' of . IMIJ isimemoriam; ble daughter of Zlon, Josephine de la Harpe UrEenbaerywho departed this life Feb. 23d, at her residence 16th Ward, Salt Lake City. ' Hhe was a native of Switzerland;, and tr i 'veranf cient family some of the male members of which bear an honorable name in the history of. their country under Kapolepn I; her father was the Seigneur de la Harpe, a man of wealth and position. She was reared in aflluenceVanjJ received a liberal education. Early in life she married a . Russian gentlemen, Monsieur Lpedert, iu the Court of St Petersburg, anil she moved in 'the highest ranks of that country. In a few years she was left & widow, with three chiidrenher two daughters are now residing in high life at St.. Petersburg; her son, Joseph, is at this time in New York. She embraced, the .Gospel, in her native land, and shortly after emigrated to Utah, bringing her young son with her. She crossed the plains in"the Hand-cacompany,1" xvjmx vmmvx lqyer3-- p - laywVagit'. T who can live1 and die among the Mormonj and not allow themselves to'become prejudiced, or ' ' - : , iff .: 1 ety. pub-iicVnotbri- -- . for the social, political and 1 religious rights of this people; he believed in their sincerity, and whenl ill unto' death felt the efllcacy of the prayer of Mormon Eldert. : It Is jpleasant to know that there are some noble," candid, thonombIelrn'en2 of the wdild, telli-gen- tly . Tble-to-jCerta- J149 Burbage Long might well be considered awo. man of strong character; she had( exalted Ideas of womanand being a thorough scholar and well versed in hisjto'ry, could converse; In shrank from uponlany " subject, 'yet Dullnthearlier years after the settlement r of this city she'Vdid .much toward? jhelc lOfjmusip and palp ting ramongnroryinjij very useful one, and her name is held in honorable remembrance for good works. hsjLtegreseal n EXPONENT. - noly sacrament, the earth Is filled' with' vio- lence andrcrimei and the1 regions of despair ' ;. r y with lost human souls. f ,;. v ; 6. That men themselves need all the vital force which is not demanded for parentage to ' - enable theniMo perform the mighty material, Intellectual and moral labors to which, as sots of the Most High, they are called; and that by wasting their powers In enervating Indulgence :'. . 