SPELLING KEFOIiM. Ttio progress of the good work is slow,, of cooreeButjthere isrogress What one generation agitates, the next will no doubt realize, Fonetic reading g spelling reform, e but It seems to many radical and rovolu-tlonaryW- hay vaguefears abouthaving ; We fear our children would hav to learn two languages. We hay' learnt one, and now let others learn it, too, 'Our :;whoIe literature will be disturbed; and what not. But a little thought on, and study of the subject would soon remove such misgivings. The Spelling re-form association appreciates and imticipates this feeling. Hence it has proposed the five rules in accordance with which this letter is written. They ar given here again: to learn a riew language. ; A TEW RULES EOR NEW SPELLING. 1. Omit a from the digraf ea when ct as as in hed, helth, etc. 2. Omit silent o after a short vowel, as in hav, giv, etc 3. Write f for ph h such words as al&bet, fantom, etc. 4. When a word ends with a doubl letter, omit the last, as In shal, clif, eg, etc. 5. Change ed final to t where it has the sound of t, as in lasht, Imprestetc. For new. type and script letters, report on now spellings. Anybody Who thinks fonetic spelling too much at orice,Tet him take those five rules and follow them. If five ar too many, take four, or three, or any one you choose. If you like none of .these five, get Bulletin 2, in which some twenty changes ar suggested. and takefyour choice. Choose you must and wil, V pro-noan- rt, - , . them by som authorities on pronunciation. Drop "uo" from catalogue, harangue, colleague, etc. Their, originals had : no ue" The only tronbisom member of thV claa is casualities Jn this country, .an&somor4;PQQo by j epgagementa - between "ifa&fap&ilteflm niansj iTurea, and Altonians;UticHeTaJp!if i .MrsJ . ''tongue'jvhich wldVliddiigsui Spenser spelt tongue "tong," however. Drop "ugh" and words, tho, altho, tboro, if youUkerr PfiT? you would trigraf tch. I assure you; the.rj.f.no difference between ch andichthbAybui may imagin ther is; tch is a blunder. This leads me to Essex St;V :'BOs ton. t Oc22H u v-- ' The "Womanurnal, aft erbl corii1 meriting- on the .subject, closes thus iL ti'fke undersigned appreciatJnerr, ttie need rrjof 34- - hree - prefekladrlhOfihe h-- - 11 rill f nf . w viz., such as we look upqnaa historical i yet which hav not a - shadow of historical : foundat ion. We are so apt to apply Pipe's hnnnnr -- menpd women fa!s maxim, v, l'h noSvnoPn- - ', of the Boman alfabet. It i3 a substitute for gr o in. words introduced from Greek cases out ten of we Injjlno associate final V0WeI as i mate, life, fl wo persist in decep iv e to infinit, opposit, liv, havf giv Bole J concerns about seventy words i n fDcedlD& Nowher is it more deceptive than in the matter of spelling. I will mention only a few examples of such unhistorical, absurd spellings, as a In parliament; u in guild, build, buy; p in receipt; u In busy, business; o in woman; b in limb, numb, thumb (it is superfluous, tho historical, in tomb, womb, lamb); g. in foreign, sovereign, deign (?). Anybody who has the purity of v0Pmt wPttendto7air,ineua general, development, oqcp opened exercisesof. this ;iind'inVt&C Cityllftry flqiently sustained to warraai hercontinu? ;- V ; ing the gymnaji;- V HYGIENIC, NOTES. vrtti-.-j- i olive oil and coal oil; mix Welti by shaldng. ; lAfci" nibistcr- mtcrnally, erery hour a quantify according to tho ago of tha patient. Dose fare a e child five years bid half a teaspoonful of .tho mixtttre-'-hal- f that age, half tho quanUty, and so 6n;u, Twenty minutes.afterwards, giye the smaqhan ' t tity of dry sulphur. . Twenty zninntes after that, tho samo xmantity of dry cream: of itartar,T zif :Thitreataient is to H repeated for three h6tirs i when creat imnrovemenfe is cAnpr?HwiTwA;4-,:i;- . which; caso the. time between..tho;; doses iaio ha gradually ificreasod, untiU: cure is j effected, xc A httle common jsenso and appreciation of the dhTe ence of constitution, v&c Jaj various l cases tvwiU f suggest modifieations of; tho :treataenti-KDesere- fc formers who think they hav good reasons for opposing fonetic spelling. No one has a reason for opposing correct his. singl good torical spelling, and in so far, spelling reform. Utiea Herald. - - , WANTED. Batniog Children. Some ' motfiers-- ; Writds ' physician; think when their children Jgefrbeydnd ' two or three years of ago the frequenC entire batlii can bo dispensod with; ; ; If. tomo of the main facta- - of physiology were rwell lknowh and'nderl stood,: everyone would 1 perceive ithat cJeanline5 )un is one of thV conditiohs of good health 'r when bathing is disregarded that the '' lungs, kidneys or bowels have more than tneir ab- - ' poruonment.orwork; 7 If these; arerstrong healthy, they may bear, tho tax with' littla appa. newly-washe- of-th- o It-happe- cts . : vitajibnoltone of ;the;lkrstoni fesuesilarS bath tubs are pleasant.and dispensable to the nroner ftfWPni-ott- -- B'ebbat disaster' hearty' d!ed fever in 8otb, 600 in the Thames ?f 400 by tho great flood steamshipjcolllslon, at Huuwrv. 280 coal BHtaYn nMioxplosiqa In eouth Wlev idents ln Great; W,UJwy Tnri bat not in- body io pur. .,ter''- b - alt-the Dying by wnoiESALE..i Amenca, during the past month, fully 10,000 Kreknown t0 havo Perished. by the sword, ,r : rJa apphciUon 0f,,he flesh 1 jndaoca qu.et deep- .- - 5nnnmKne aDJ convfinienfe, . things called operate equally as evils to the vicious good; and unjust' as ihey ; doasbeneflirtothejust- ;- : iread liberty of "hlccoPMng giveh -- v -- xareaa, tread. Peopl say A funny. ..Qaol," tho historS Mn maintain Itself, agaij "jaT- -' noj Is a mncn more, striking innoVation ccup;a4ry We want that ingredient in religion that fehortens the steps, tunes the voice to melody, fills the eye with sunshine, and cheeks the impatient exclamation and the harsh rebuke. A religion that is polite, deferential to superiors, and courteous to inferiors, and considerate to friends; a religion of heart, that goes into the family, but rises superior to it, and keens- the hnhnri fmm i hviu. tt ' cross when dinner is late keeps, the. wife from fretting when the husband. tracks tho d floor with, his muddy boots ' keeps the mother patient when the baby Is cross, and amuses the children as welixa8-instruthem, cares for the do.nestics as well as promptly paying them, projects the "honeymoon" into the "harvestmoon " and the happy homo like the Worn fig trco,: bearing in its beauty at once the .beauty of the tender blossom . and the glory or the ripened fruit, J We want more religion that interposes between the ruts, the guileys and the rocks of the highways of life and-t- he sensitive souls that aro obliged to travel ' over them. Woman's-Wprl- Healtii,. heauty, vigor; richer and o her . ZvtiF0?' ;V9boil feci .wpmanhoodaa ceraln, rS is fa n u .there arosomanyIab!sfl't't, his mother tongue at heart and who has not, at least who does not pretend to hav? ought to be willing to remove such incongruities as havo and behave, such at surdities as busy, bough, tow, trough. He ought to belong to this ; third class of re- d: 1 thy of Jhat.cityf?ry fleeted considerably, that many, of, o or gfrla UO not have thftnrnnAr nhvaf9l rinvalnn-- "Whatever bilaxighW oo con-servati- HOT AN ORIGINAL LETTER xl(qr the . names of tsome of the. most emjnentf : . 9cit m xaigiana, ana was here unm25?year? Why did youidrop k from "musick," as your fathers spelt music? Who does not; when in a hurry, or from laziness, write tho,,altho, bo't, tho't? Wei drop the apostrophe entirely and you wil forget that you slighted a useless, unpronounceable "ugh." The New York "Evening Post," which is nothing if not and your own estimabl paper, the "me" of programme. Why not? drop You can't pronounce it. Any one who knows Greek, will remember its derivation: anybody who does not know Greek, will not care, whether rrogrammo or program is more like the original. not now always write Why should we mixt, drest, as Adison does in the "Spectator?" T for ed wherfio pronounct, was once the rule ami not too exception, as now. Hence rule 5 lnnvat: bnt the of aitold usage. Rule 3 ought tc find t , ior laaies ana cnuaren in JtJoson, and trusty L,tbfttit will receive th e cord ial ANOTHER CLASS OP SPELLING; " is 1 larger oprwrtanitleaVfor- pbic havo learned witti much pleasure ofJkljf YOU. HAV CHOSEN. makes vou drnn MAllen:a Vma3lttittrAw wlUppe'rili - lake, railway, and other : lfot!ivrtw,iSL uu. . . i aui. the ,7-.oinwr Aimimw.ooe; u cross WftfnMcSniw re y - ww-anaeronU- M -- a bath? someUnies it U'ixgtef, jf : taed, .h8i,i go to and , effect, ful and iappy.' some nareni ilrt - ,- ' cKt Voti, JYP deep waken tsTrtn thu.hnd i. only exhaastbg and iojonC 0'' 