'14 . S0r MtTCH O DO where hmz Mttle daiif Mei? : cannot bo faraway J : For only Just now heard her 7 , - '0 1 ' She r SirtvoIoeafcrtappjpUjjiP ierj t ' Vo ' l r , to-da- But many who are scarcely worthy Cf one wife' '6ntei Into itieiklessly , without eallzin g . anre iometimeia' Wonder it s 1 ' 1 to Desires the ladiet of Salt take and those tlaltlnjr Conference to call at her show rooms and see her new stock of MltLlNEur ' The latest and most stylish modes of Hals and Bonnets In Straw, Felt and Velt- - Al a nleo t election In Flowers, Feathers, Plushes, Velvet and Uib-bola tho latest shades and stripes Country dealers, Gcod please pall. , ladlesVUftir work In all its' branihe?. ' work ruaraateed. ' ns t " Ilauieo,btittg; more trouble1 than , '.'jbtessings., , ,. ..0' '.', a woaiiake t. can sacrifice f'.Whf geater than to be wMUng., to divide' theaflclioh3 of l . jberes 'so much fclay f, td he done;" ; Thenadded In yraver way,' J "And there's so much that I don't think I Can finish It all Why r Palace of Fashion, JtioAjEaet;iTmpli Slreel. such ! , the Lord for Ills Spirit t6help them, andtwheh men and women enter into it purely from these motives they are sustained by the Holy Spirit, the Comforter, ! s - Exp. ojscb int . the ereat resDonslbilitrtneyre'assum Tiialiisy aalcaabe.'?;!. Why, what la the world ia't, tell me? What wonderful thing and new, That my petcan't help me a little, When I have so much to do? ; . ; i "01 I am right dear m&in&, WhaVis It ybu want with nie? i bntyjl dcm't think caii dd it ' : 'maw a n is' be-apdf- 0 soul of my little daughter! That opened a door of light, ' v p ; Though the afternoon swift was passing. With its unfinished tasks, to night. So busy with airy castles, So rich, with her trifling toys," Not counting their cost, or measure; Content w ith the present joys, ' back number of the Exponent taken from " Wom&ri Words'in which the writer seemed 1ba feSKlu? fonrrellgion which was tangible; 1 thougnt,r6h readlrig it, if she would only obey the Gosrcl she would find just what sho is seeking. I do not Wonder that the religions of the day do not satisfy those who belong to the various churche?, for to me much of it fs superficial. The ministers preach for hire, and " set at iiaught the things of God. " " For herl fife beffldwfngund count less, And stainless, and bright as can be; And she trembles aot that she may lose them , Nor hesitates to divide; Nor questions the future's providing, For ber trusti like her Joy, Is wide. . S. L. City, Nov.' 19tb, Five hundred pieces of Dress Goods, Embroideries, Rucb Ingrs, Five Hundred pairs Kid Gloves, Trimmings, Ladles' Ties, Cu .1 and Colla rR, 100 Cartoons of Ribbons. Largest Wholesale Millinery Stock in the West- - Notions, Boots ana Shoes, Gents' and Boys' Clothing and Furmshlnj? Goods. Hardy read a paper last Saturday evening, at Mes. Sargent's ,cm EloC. For the ExroxeaT. Blnce there has been such an excitement In Salt Lake City recently over a supposed plural marriage, ft has. caused me to ask myself the question $;VVhy is'it that those who are not of our faith Will not give us credit for beiDg sincere; wbexitwe declare H to be a part of our faith aa much as baptism? I try to put the most charitable "construction oh their views, and suppose they judge us from' their standpoint "Havliig, eyti they see not) and ears but understand jaot' If they would humble themselves, and 'obey the Go?pel with good and honest hearts, they would understand what they read, and the Scriptures would bo as a new bot)k to them. I remember, in Nauvoo, being asked what I would think if I should hear of an Elder taking more wives lhauone? I replied that I would not think it.at all strange, as we read in the Bible that they did so anciently, and David, "a man after God's own heart, sinned not in this, save only in coveting. the 'one wife of Uriah." There are very many Ih thia Ohurch, ; wbpf .from circumstances, are not .practical, polygamistsT" yet' believe wpci, and would defend the principle j uaC"a1sj readily as those who bava entered Into lt it necessary. That U Is a great trial none will deny, to both men arid women, and much mbrefo tome than others; and those who do not believe as we do need pot suppoae that the' Mofmbn women would submit to It any more willlbgiy than theyj dldf they not believe It to be a command from heaven; and knowing this they rely on , ; Shawls, Dress Good?, Home Incfifsfriat Straw Manufactory. La&e No. . ' O. . . v" BESERET Fall and Winter : rectiv 1 Mills. , 01D: COHSTITUTIOH ' 'MINNIE HOBNE, Cleoe. ; SPUING BEDS,' WIRE MATTRESSE3, ' i er "Wall Fe at h'or ?Pap ... b:u; ' roods!' DUILDIIIG. SUPERINTENDENT. : FURN ITU RE 11 Aha ''Ctioa&attlnrriud Tmrlf at u Cooimitiion llouar . t. piirw"6or)E3ir jb:. 1878. -- shoes.-DUf- Vlce-Pres'- liSI WlilKillCil .?; 1 those Cheap aDd durab'e wtlts frem the Proro Wm. JennlngSt "BIG 1360T txia,iinB, jeD Tan s. Utotbif 'iirjrvuii, and houidor, D..uoie, iDf lmjijb 8hwH Truas, Dmomri" -- 'i . -- 11 lu 4 - f PANNRRY, tPth'.Ward. Salesroom and Factory, at the I" 87 East Temple Street, Salt Lake City. , All those who d sire to aid home manu'ac Dane "r iure, ttuu ut ido same xime of the bd oe treliab equality,puie at the mo3t Moderate Pncei, huouiu caii oruouresi oraers io, ., t . InameBie Stook of EET, BOOTN, SHOES AIVD MATHER. i N S T R Manufacturers and Dealers in 4 fdrthe 'J all; K '. John Taylor, Pres't. Opposite the Salt Lake House, and will sell air Cheap or Cheaper than ever. 1 MAI 49 doors snuth of Jennlngrs' Corner! and respectfully nvites the fritnda c.t Home Industry, and the fcublic generally, io call and examine her stock of Rats made from the latent Parisian style and shape. Lfidles will also find a variety of Imported Hats and Bonfcets, with every, ttiinir pertaining to a tirstclaS3 MlUufT EEtabiishment-a- t moderate prices. and Panama, Leghorn and Straw Hat; Cleaned, Dyed Altered. . ; TO ALL I tV,7t:!&i3Mi!Eit of Salt City and Vicinity, has Removed her Show and Saleroom to Two SHW A H T Z : ad J3Lm 3El.T7IVL.nT Mra. to her patrons, the Ladles accommodate WlshlDg rt movt d, irith his entire New Stock of FANCY & STAPLE DRY GOODS, ; Blankets, Flannel and Ladies' Coals , every variety IP. lias . Efb. DAILY ARRIVING. cution Taught Physiologically or the proper training of the human voice. This svstem of developing and training the vocal organs, reach es far beyond the: throat, and includes the lung aod)Hae. digestive organs.. It has been ufed forborne timeijR'ith great success, by the best teachers of einglog, and they have had, besides their; pupils in singing, many men suffering from what is usuallyqalkd mihisterls sore throat. This throat troutwhlen afllic's so many teachers and public speakers, can, in most cases be entirely cured, or greatly relieved by the proper use of the vocal organs. Mrs. Hardy is an enthuiastic teacher, fresh from her own (studles; the has the endorsement of Hfi Holmfft, Governor Rice, ProtTessor Emerson. Mis Abby May, Miss Lucia Peabouy and Ml9S LucretiaCrocker, and can be cordially commended to all who would avoid weakness or horseoess of voice. She is at 52'feowdoin BtreetWomans Journal. lYOTICE Etc, WINTER GOODS . PLURAL MARRIAGE. .3 F. AOERBACH & BROTHER, 55 East Temple Street, Salt Lake City. St. (Wrge, Nov. 9th. AUGUSTA JoTCfi CROCaERON. 1878. ,. NEW FALL STOCIC. Elizabeth Bentley; Anna D. Steam Fitter Addrtss, David Jameti Box W$iSatfLake City. -- Mils. & 5 d v--- But shall make another air. Andliaw how e'eu my own life Must unfinished pass to the next; And the undone tasks around me No longer my spirit vexed; And so while the birds low twittered, . while the twlltgauhadea fell: 'round, Td time to spend with my dear ones, .For my hoart a rest bad found . .. RUflSEH CELEBRATED LIFT ASD fORCE PURIPS. on abort notice. r Jxuiapa Jtepati-eOij'Orders from the country promptly responped te.-- s tj And so one who never read books, And never professed to be wise, JIas silenced my troubled spirit, And strengthened my weary eyes. My day, too, Is full of blessings, Its joys, as well as Its care, Cannot all be held In one day, -- Tinner, Gas,' Water a: No miser that counts, his treasures 80 happy anil restless jui she; 4 i ' in ail .kinds of , ; : . i i (Succestor to 2fitchell & Jatee$t) ' . lies. Before closing. L would refer to an article in 1 i .', DM Y GOODS, NOTIONS; GROCERIES, HEAVY AND SHELF HARD WARE, - GLAAND QUEENSWAttEl1 AjEIC TJL TVRAL 1 URDEAJNETSl dc, t n, y. r m Wholesale and detail Pealing her; husband with another? And yet many do sp cheerfully, and after living together for years would not be separated on any considera-iiba comfort to each fdrthey can other in times of trouble and sickness. There are many men in this Church who,;were it i not for this privilege, would not have a child to bear their name, yet bow have large fami-.- ' ! Li. ii i i. :. 'aku ' ' OA RRJJlQ.JE S -75,77 &'79 First South St;,;sSt lake City : BJLBs 