2Q ' srEiraB wo m a:n - ; 7 ; iacnnmieaanH tt r1 N Tv -- lE ROMAN'S EXPONENT,. ' I : ieligibJctrr-boTcIpciedOjT- Editor. B. WELLS In Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms? One copy one year, S2.00; one ropy nix mouths, 1.00. Ten . copies for the price of nine. AdfeTtlBlng Fablished eetai-monlhl- ratee; 'Each equaro, ten lines of nonpareil space, one to time, t2.00; per month, 3.09. A literal discount regular advertisers. d Consti-- . Exj-oneOffice, Room No. 1, tip sTalrsT-Oitulioti BaUdfo& East Temple Sheet. Business hours from 10 !ni. 16 5 p.nu erery day except Sunday. Address all basiness commnnications to A Fnblisher Womak's Expokxst, ' , Salt Lake Oityr Utah. , ; r - : y, SALT LAKE CITY, AUG. 1, Tub APPROAciUNa election On sxially, and religiously. to-onda- 51 h cew aiiy 'timoesteeming' oppor-tunitligh tiy given through this, of representation. Ton Horn Mr. Courtney, member. or the House , ; .of Commons, in a speech beftre thaHou Oracle body June iOplStSTupbu women holding ?,t)flce,6aIdVWe, must look at results in order to i arrive at just conclusions, nod.of all ti e reports made Of the tflTect of women holding responsible positions, the tvidence proves that?, woman . has performed her; work crtditab'y amlr one instance only to the contrary, and the only testimony which could '.be produced, when the question was ashed, why was it not successful, was "Because," whfch being interpreted, meaneth uo reason at all. , y . Ihor-ougbl- WOMEN OF TO-DA- self evident hat uomaLd sphere of usefulness is enlarging, and whereas ' Jn the past, women have only had domestic duties to attend to, many are tow called upon to fill positions of honor and trust in the various callings and avocations of life. Ths is to a certain, rxtciit as yetonly tx;.trlmintal, though In tome jrofeSfioi s women already ex-- " ,cellu skill and pioficicncy. Theie ate to be sure many records of women i f the pa?t, who ' took an active patt in the dUIerent callings ..; jU.su ally allotted to men; yet these are considered exceptional, and cannot be taken as of the capabilitses of the fctx iu general. Therefore it Is well for tbtf women of the nineteenth century to.be able to stauV U ou their own real meiit, and hot pride themsjyes upon other, however illustrious they rnaylme are capablo been." What the women of y 'ot dolDc: nowi la the question, not what th ir grandmothers or ancestry did do. This is an age cf dircovery, invention and progression. And admitting tbat fact, is woman to be es- eluded? Would it be, fair that man should ad- vante to a higher place and woman re main "In statu quo?,,s. such Jder.s aro incoDsUteht. Notwithstanding all the argument against the equality cf icx, suffrage, and women's filling any public calliDg or office, yet every year . steady advances are made iu this direction, and the current of public opinion is changing tone perceptibly. Women are proviug the ground they take by It . j; t Is becoming , , evi-iden- ce to-da- : . . . ; practical demonstration. The go-- d rtsulbef any move Is the bst proof that can be given, and is miybody prepared to say woman has not mde proper uso of the fc'uflragt? And if she has been judicious and wi?e after voting It seems to contradictory to talk of woman's influence in promotiiig the best interests of humanity, and in the tame' breath declare her man in a political total'y uufit to stand ' hy K ' ; sense. :. It would almost lead one to think that there wa so much intiigueai.d deceit practised, that men were afraid of exposu re, the why ate they uhwiJliug tliat(womeu thould mingle in politics? If it Ibecause women re really and incompetent then, what need to oppose it, is any bdy going To push people into orlice that have not requisite. qualifications? Why be af aid of the Suflrage fqr. women?, The agitation; of VVoman fcuflrage has been of tillcacy iti ad i ug people to examine the 'vus-ver- 1878., tfce :and ret shrin k - from duty !n the great piogramme. Woman will learn in lime that there are other duties than domestic ones to be ier'oimed, for in all that concerns man, the must take' an active part. Let her seek wisdom for her guide and abide in the counsel of the Almighty, "and she r.ml not fear to step for ward wherever, ml whenever the occasion requires it, and let her f rn a n m uf-- t with man in all that concerns the public, Inst, the sister who are qualified voters should deposit tnelr yBtcs in the respective precincts to which they belong, making prop er use of the 'elective .franchise, " which has d been conferred upon.the women of tbis Terri-tryan, which should be held as a sacredJ-ight- Aug. pro-gressi- ightnd ' : r of iojeejoabe woman's true pc sit ion andlTalTveTssociatton nt . To ihe women of to:dayiopportunitit3 are constantly presentingJhemeelves, men are becoming educated in the idea of Wiman 'b and realize her efficient help; old bar. riers are being removed one by one, the iron walls of custom are crumbling away, and the idols of old tradition are being dethroned by new innovations. The people, nrev, advancing itxymiy tuwuius we iiimvciuus cuiiugftj wn It'll have b en predicted by ancient' ana modern prophjets, and these changes involve the interests of women quite as much as men; and wo six consecutive vears slm ,is tureiy.c)rapeTcnt lohoJdsnch ofilres as urdtr.the "Jawaudstat-uleir.r- : htv woman i i recent move made in this city oft Jeqtliig lady delegates to the County Conventipu caUs forth remarks upon the subject of Woman's wipabili itles,: sphere? and duties; i and . doubtless w ill awaken much latent thought in the minds of both men and women, and by the exchanging of ideas many who had previously given little consideration to the matteri' will receive new ' ' un-qualill- j-- ed ation and ' gover m ent more thoroughly; and thus become better informed in relation to general interest. In this community women who never before gave reSufthought to public duties; have, ihce thethfm-selvfrage was extended to Hum, seen for tbe bene fits derived from an understanding of even such general prino pies as it is pos-- reprc-ei- l t IIOfE AFFAIRS. es d to compresible for the mofct ordiuarj-miiid- f hend. If women have Lot been compftent to use the franchise intelligently in tinles part, they arc to now, generally speaking, and are becoming more so all the time. The great improvements being constantly nude develop woman's attributes aV well as man, and as knowiedgo' inereasta so doe& power, and this is true with Individual as well a communilits, and where there is power of mind there will bo practical results. Woman has been, and is doing all she is called upon, or allowed to do in education and improvement; in shoit in every department where si o is eimltted to work. for her For th:s leasou w believe H is to be deprived a claim for recognition by the elec-tiv- e right which men ci'izens enjoy, viz. the franchise. The American people profess to believe in a representative goveinmenljthen if all classes are to be represented, why not wothemselves. It Capuot be said men rt pre.-en-t that women have ncL aided in every place where they have labored in public iute ist-- , ur-jus-t and certainly their vry womanliness, their strong maternal afltcth ns would naturally lead them to teek the best methods of ensuring peace, and to abolish the use'of liquofand Other stimulants that destroy horr.e,lireand happiness, at well as ruin the body and toul of their sons and hufhauds. These are s? me cf ihe most potent agents in moving womento intercede and plead for the Suflrage. They have tried, it v.ould &eem, fall other methods tdfcave these dear to them, and they have been wrought upon most strongly by the condition in which the country l. in'relation to the sale of alcohol and its evil consequences. You may say eveiy wonuau hk's not this to actuate , butlfevery woman has not, nice tenths we may, say in afety . have either son, husband, fathe'. bio'her, or fiieud who is a slave to that terrible foe to hum uj life nnd and the immoital fouI. hi-r- ' have tli rough courtey of Prof. J. K. Park, Prlriclpal of the Deferet the Circular containing items of inter est concerning this institution. The Univerwas. conducted sity was founded in 1850;-an- d. after the manner of a Commercial College; but since 1SC9 It has been fully ' organized as an Institution for Scientific and Classic Instruction. We received Uni-veisit- 11 : that . she will be able to perform creditably any work which may he given her either in public or private life. - u t Ject of j her-pa- rt so well, 1 X set It is divided into three 'departments, Prepara-torj- y, -, Normal and Academic. The Academic year is divided into four terms; the first term will commence August 19th. This Institution is ably conducted by Dr. ark and his assistants Professors Toronto and Kingsbury. of July, the The grand Twenty-Fourtanniversary of that "day of daysj1' has past over for another year; and among the aton ments upon that ocication jre; would make special mention of the "matinee in'theTher tre, as it was a very enjoyable afliiir fer the little folks and elder ones, and was designed to serve t wo very worthy purposes; while it innccent recreation, the money expend ed will serve a grand and holy purpose, in as sitting to build a house for divine worship.a .'We commend the Committee in so estimable pfOject,' and congratulate them upon its com The house was more than p!e b? success. h e- af-fold- ' crowded, and theappl tuse was almost "terrif. Ic," but then, Mich manifestations of rairth and hilarity are exbcted on f'uch occaIon Wo tender thanks to the Committee' for O m plimentary Tickets'hceivcd. Tub "Juvenile i Instructor" ha3 rtcer.tiy . moved into a new ofllce built just west of the residence of the lion. George Q. Cannon, where it was formerly published., i. The buiM-istands on East Temple Htreet and is nar the railroad depot, zo that.its bosinefs facilities as regard locality aro excellent. : The front n ora is nicely fitted up 'for businessand there for sale are all the S'andard Church"Books also complete volumes of the 'Juvenile fnstruc-tor,- ' i neatly bound The compotlng'TOcm behind the front cfficel and Is a very FeagaDt above large room, suitable for work; anf attic serves to store away ; paper and other things used iu "W establishment of this sort. This cellar which is high in the ceiling is uscJ t f r the press, and is pleasant, door opening -the north, with large windows and every decora modatlon r.ecef sary for tie labor , Another basemeat room under the frht office is used as a store-rooas the "Juvenile" fakes pi? u J -- m - 