WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 28 THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Editor Utah. in Bait Lake-Cit- y, PabHsbcd bIx months, Termi: One copy one year, 13.00; one copy nine of "for Aclrertifilng Ten the price 1.00, copies rates: Each square, Un lines of nonpareil apace, one semi-monthl- y, time, 13.00; per month," $3.00. regular advertisers. A liberal discount to EiisMrtJinceTnedrncrof SontirTempfernd First -- East sti eets, opposite Eagle Gate. Business hours from 10 a.m. to 5 p.nu erery day except Sunday. Address all basincss communications to Publisher Womam'b Exponzkit, Bait Lake City, UUh SALT LAKE CITY. JULY 15, 1878. MORAL COURAGE IN WOMEN. of courage is needed in What a the warfare of Jife. The various conditions and circumstances incident to an experience here, call forstrength of characterand firmness; and in addition to these characteristics, one must possess a certain ingredient which can be defined by no other name than courage. There are sure to be many occasions in which this attribute must be called into exercise, or the person would shrink from performing urr gent duties, and be fit only to sit in a retreat some stronger arm had prepared, without sufficient heroism to face the battle of life, while some one 'possessing true moral courage goes-for-th to do battle for them with the stern realities of the world; Courage is considered one of the principal elements in the nature of man. Most people seem to think women are very deficient in this respect; the assertion has been made so cften, that it has resolved itself inte what is taken as testimony by the majority, and yet thousands of instances mfgbt be cited, to prove that women bravely face difficulties and misfortunes with strong and firm confidence, while men, with all their boasted superior, ity of conrage, retreat, leaving the weak to the vast-amou- nt rescue. How often do we see strong men leave delicate women to face unpleasant phages of life Hone, while they lun away, to avoid bearing their share of the vjery burdens they have been the means of accumulating. It always reto face disagreeable things, quires and women do really seem to have that self-sacrif- ice self-discipli- ne, that divinity in their nature, that to live them to practise for more others and less for selfish aims and purposes than man. These qualities are part of the truly beautiful in what is termed womanliness, and one is sometimes led to think that men esteem this phase of woman's character so much that they are anxious to give her opportunities to display It, that they may look on and admire. When troubles come, when poverty and misfortune and suffering seem to settle down upon the household, is it not too often the case that the husband and father resorts to scenes of dissipation, and seeks to drown his sorrows by the aid of strong drink; while the wife and mother bravely strives to stem the tide ofjrnfrfortune alone, and by her own industry aiiCwJth a courage sometimes almost more than human, patiently supports the burdens of lire, braviDg the sever-es- t storms and stemming the strongest currents which rise up rn all sides to discourage? In viewjf all these fact, men ho!ding public offices, rulers In the land and over people, men of culture, men of letters cry out con tin inspire felf-denla- l, -- nlly women are dependent, women can't fight, yet men leave women to fight tbe terrible battles of life that in some instances are worse to face than eatb, aud those who are not brave enough to bear the scoffs, and jeers, and frowns they know must be met in taking up again life's weary burdens, seek death in any form, in preference to accepting such conditions aa they know must be their only refuge, wanting strength to live down the past But thousands of women in all ages heroically rise tnat ia np an& arm JMm admirable, not bold and defiant, but simply noble in its strength. Women do certainly seem to possess a posi- tive power in their nature, which often makes itself apparent in the midst of difficulties, and inspires them, as it were, with faith iu themselves, that lifts them into a higher and clearer atmosphere of thought and feeling, and has such an influence over their Jives as to create strength to overcome obstacles that erst bad seemed insupportable. Every person has a certain amount of influence over others, in the family life, in tbe social circle, and in some degree it may ej tend through these sources to the public. Every v ocean who has powers, who has faith in her own character, who believes herself capable of achieving good, will have an object and a laudable ambition, and if in connection with this she has that grace and humility which are component parts of true womanly worth, then she will be apt to keep her balance. And added to all these if she is a Christian, a follower of Jesus' precepis, she haa still another aucbor of. safety. se.Jf-relia- nt If "women can't and won'tfight," if the ele- ments of peace are sb strong in their nature, then would it not be a good element to infuse into the laws and governments of nations, and might it not be a power that would aid in hastening the day when 'peace and good. 'Will" should prevail and men should no longer wage war against each other. HOME AFFAIRS. We learn, by letter from Mrs. 8. J. A. Spencer of Washington, that there has been 40,000 names to XVI Amendment petitions presented in both House and Senate since the beginning of the 45th Congress. The number of separate petition's is over 400, from some 425 Congressional Districts in 35 States and 5 Territories. Mrs. Spencer has printed 50,000 aj peals to women to work for their own enfranchisement, and has addressed them to 20,000 P. O. towns. She says she is greatly encouraged at the responses. Dr. Romania B. Pratt will teach a class in Obstetric?, commencing immediately after the October Conference. The class will be taught at Mrs. Barney's, 11th Ward, 2d South St., 0J blocks east of Post Office. Students can be accommodated on reasonable terms; reside and recite in the same building. Those wishing to join will pie ae correspond and learn particulars; arrangements should be made as early as tlie middle of August. We have addressed letters to many of the Relief Society Presidents) but it is thought best to insert a few lilies in the Exponent for the benefit of these who may wish to attend, that our previous correspondence has not yet reached. Address, S. Barney, Salt Lake City, Box, 739. (tiie "Pearl of Great Price" has been re. vised, and is now ready for sale at the"Deferet News" Office. Tbe book contains much of to this pop!e, and which would be beneficial to those anxious to gain correct Informa tion concerning the Gospel. It is a collection t in-teie- st of choice matter, taken Jrom the revelations translations and narrations of the Prophet Joseph Smith. The book contains the revelation on Celestial Marriage, given to the prophet in Nauvoo, Illinois. It has three woodcuts, fac similes from the "Book of Abraham." It is bound in cloth and paper, at different prices. The book will be a valuable addition to the libraries of the Mutual Improvement Associations. It would certainly be advisable for the young people in this community to read such -bookstand get fde concningprinpjes of-tr-uth. Price, cloth binding, cover, 50 cts. Mrs. Hannah T. 75 cts.; paper King, one of our contrib- utors, has elaborated and published in pamphlet form her articles entitled "Women of the Scriptures." She has dedicated the book to the "Young Ladies of Utah." Mrs. King hopes by this, means to awaken an interest in the young ladies to the reading of the Scriptures, and examining into the characters and attributes of holy women. She has arranged them accord ing to the age in w hich they lived , commencing with Eve, Sarah, Hagar, Rebecca, and so on, taking in all of the most, noble and sublime heroines of the Bible, down to Mary, the mother ofJesue, Martha and Mary, to Dorcas or Tabitha, she from whom so many benevolent societies have been named. It closes with a short poem addressed to woman. The price, 10 cents, brings it within the reach of all. It is adapted for use in Sanday School classes. It is neatly got up in a variety of colors, suitable to lay upon any lady' table. The pamphlet is for sale at this Office, at Dwyer's Book Store, at several Ward Stores, and at King's residence, 17th Ward. The Quarterly Conference of Salt Lake Stake was held in the Tabernacle in this city, Saturday and Sunday, July 6th and 7th, PresiMrs. dent A. M. Cannon presiding. A Quarterly statistical report of this Stake was read, including the report of building committee for the New Tabernacle, the amount donated to Salt Lake Temple, financial report of Relief Society of Salt Lake Stake from the first organization, also quarterly report of last three months; report of the Mutual Improvement Associations and Sunday Schools. The General Authorities of this Stake of Zion were presented and unanimously sustained, including the presidency of the Relief Society of Salt Iake Stake. President Cannon addressed the meet' ing during the morning session. In the afu Elder O. Pratt and Elder W. Woodruff LalUr-da- y gave a mcst earnest exhortation to the Saints to awake to the importance of the times, and realize the great responsibilities they were called upon to carry out Sunday the forenoon and afternoon services weie mtst specially interesting; Elder George Q. Cannon, Delegate to Congress (recently returned), lated something of his experience during this last session of Congress, the general feeling wnich existed toward- - this people since the death of Pres. Young, and many thing which were very entertaining and instructive. Elder serJoseph F. Smith preached a very powerful mon upon Celestial Marriage, its benefits, fcc Pres. John Taylor made the closing remarks of the afternoon, and strongly and earnestly from appealed to the Elders of Israel to awake betheir slumber and magnify theif callings fore the Lord, and honor the Priesthood they held. The Spirit of God was abundantly manifest in the speakers. The Tabernacle was well filled on Sunday. The music throughout the Conference was of a high order, lofty and elevating in tone. . . 