4- ..... .. l . ' . ... WO 62 THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Editor. EMM ELI NE R, WELLS, In Salt Lake City, Utah. FahJished Terra One copy one year, f&OO; one copy six months, 1.00- - - Ten copies for the price of nine Advertising equanv ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, 13.00; per month, C3.00. A literal discount to rcgnlar adTerUsers. Exponent Office, Room No. 1, up stairs, Old Constitution Bonding, Eatt Temple Stieet. Business honrs from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. every day except Sunday Address all business communications to Publisher Wom 116 Exponent, Salt Lake City, Utah. semi-monthl- y, rte8rEh v- 35" ' - MW S E s' :"". T T' 7r-- - ' 1, 1S7S. EQUAL PAY FOR EQUAL WORK. Various methods have been taken in difier-e- nt parts of the United States, to secure the same remuneration for labor to women as is given to men for the same class of work. On this subject more has perhaps been said in favor of women teachers than any other department of labor, possibly because there are more women engaged as teachers in proportion to men than any other work, btatistlcsr are brought forward to substantiate the value of the services of men and women in dollars and cents, as estimated by their employers and tbose who have charge of educational bureaus. The increase in the proportion of women teachers within the last thirty years has been exceedingly great, especially in New England, and the price of their work has risen, too, though perhaps jt has not reached a just proportion t the labor as yet. In most cases there Is a vast difference in the wages of men and those of women employed aa teachers, "But in some States, as in Iowa, the rule is becoming general to pay men and women the same salary for the same grade of work. In the city of St Louis no distinction is made between the sexes In fixing the teachers' salaries; and the California Legislature of 1873 enacted that the female teachers in the public schools should in all catei receive the same compensation as men for like services. A few of the Southern States, which emlojr, more men than women, pay the same salary for the same work to both sexes; and Idaho, Nevada an 1 Atl.ona lepoit the same custom." Some of the most noted men of the time, well acquainted with educational labor in all its various departments have borne this testimony In favor of women teachers, believing ihem to be better adapted to the work than men. Horace Mann considered the growing I l crease of women teachers a great reform, on scc unt of their superior adaptability to the work. The prices paid to teachers ofiboth sexes now is very much higher than formerly, and the qualifications necessary to secure situations are very much greater. In the primitive days of the countiy, and in so very lortgfago, rural districts especially And even yet in some remote localities, teachers did not necessarily possess a fountain of knowledge on any subject in fact the government was considered. the chief requisite, and "Can she make the children mind?" was more often asked than any other question, In reference to a teacher. Ruling with the rod was the bulk, audi wo to the refractory met In, as many of the grandfathers and grandmothers can testify. of y The custom of boarding viound, which was tome years tinea very common, is'now almost abolished, tboujh Harper Monthly Magazine nt to-da- " - - ', X PON E N T for September says that it is still in vogue in many places, and that in one district In Pennsylvania all the teachers receive $15 a month and boar d in thUanneniWbe :but thevjie--ti- m himself (or herself) can describe the miseries of boarding round in rambling country villages of living for a week or month on lea and pie, and then only exchanging the fare for pie and tea; of sleepirg under leaky roofs, upon pillows which the rains and snows of heaven bedew; of bhivering in bieakfast rooms whfre, if a drop of water fell upon the tablecloth, though the stove be in close proximity it is instantly frozen? And yet the physical discomforts are often the least of the homeless teacher's trials." There is much hard labor and much real pleas-tirconnected with teaching, and in our opinion a great deal depends upon fitness and adaptability to the work. " It is said by some it is woman's special mission to teach and we agree in this assertion, but all women are not good teachers, nor do all succeed well who undertake it. Because persons possess a good store of information on the subjects.to be taught, it dees not follow that they can impart it to others understanding, but teaching like other avocations not only requires preparation and training, but one mast have a love for it either natural or cultivated; great patience and the peculiar tact of being comprehensive in instruction. When a person having tact, talent, education and a desire to iropatt knowledge to others, enters the profession as a teacher it is but just, such a person should receive suitable remuneration for services rendered. The mere fact of being a woman should not deprive one of the worth of their labor. It seems simply absurd to make all sorts of wjrn out pretexts against woman's wages being equal to man's in such classes of work as she can perform c qually well and many times even better. The very fact that women continue in the occupation of teaching, longer than men, should militate in favor of their receiving at least as large a salary as men do. Slowly woman's cause is advancing, and the good example set in St. Louis, Iowa and some particular sections of the country, will be emulated by Others, and by thus securing justice to women-teacheit will give encouragement to continue in the labor to those perhaps who might otherwise grow weary in the work, for however enthusiastic one may be one must eat and drink, and provide for the wants of nature, and often single women employed as teachers have aged or invalid relatives dependent upon them, or orphaned children of those beloved. Teaching is hard work, and should be well paid, and teachers do a great share of tbo work of molding and making society. The mothers form the ground woik perhaps, the teacher builds on and weaves in, and although people think little of the teachers individual principles or religion, yet this should' be one of the first considerations, for teachers have much to do in forming tbe mind and character of the pupil. The writer previously referred to in this article says in speaking of women continuing in the employment of teaching. "Those who contend that teaching with women is apt to be a temporary resort more than with men, have only to look around them to become convinced of their mistake. Almost any New Englander can count among his personal acquaintances women who have taught from e SALT LAKE CITY, SEP. - -- im-parti- ng -- rs fifteen to thirty years, and who will probably die in the harness. One of the .Boston teachers a single woman d fed recently after teaching in one of the priraary tefcoob for forty ' '. i : year?." cjoi. urgginson'a report when one of the sent ol committee In Rhode Island gave the average time of service in teaching of men and women female teachers, eight seven teen -- "years; male teachers, three eight years. It seems d to us as if every Intel once should at ligent person recognize the fact that equal services equally rendered should of themselves demand equal remuneration in whatever department or class of labor. Ami in these days when so much is said about justice, it does seem exceedingly strange that there should be any quibbling on the subject. There are many other c'as9es of work beside school-teachinthat want equalizing and the world will come to it by and by, and the fact of sex will not stand In the way of equal pay for equal work. There is a good time comhig and this will be one of the issues of that good clear-heade- g time. HOME AFFAIRS. In compliance with requests madebysev eral ladies, Dr. Ellen B. Eerguson will open a medical class for ladies on the 1st of October. The course will inclnde instructions in Anatomy, Physiology, Obstetrics, Pueiperal Diseases and Diseases of Children. Instruction will also be given in the medicinal properties of herbs and plants, and their uses in domestic practice, thus enabling those who are at a distance from proper medical aid to meet the earliest symptoms of disease Intelligently. These applying immediately for tickets can pay a portion of the fees in grain, dried fruit, or produce. For terms apply to Dr. E. B. Ferguson, First East Street,or to the Editor of the Expo nest. The Brlgham Young Academy. Through the politeness of Mrs. M. J. Tanner, we have received the Circular of the B. Y. Academy it Provo, Utah Co. The Academical year con sists of four terms of ten weeks each. The first term commenced August 26, 1878. The Academical Department consists of four courses: 1st Commercial Course Bookkeeping. Tbeoretical and Practical Commercial Arithmetic - and Penmanship. 2J. Polytechnic Course Algebra, Geometry, Surveying and Drafting. 3d. Scientific Course Chemistry, Physic, Geology and Natural Philosophy, alternating as follows: Mineralogy In tbe 1st Term, Botany 2d Term, Zoology 31 Term, Physiology 4th Term. 4th. Language CourseBhetoric, Phonography, Latin and Herman. In connection with this there is a complete Normal Course, theoretical and practical, which extends over a period of two Academical a years. Practical teachers may attend for much shorter time, special provisions being made for their benefit. There is also a Musical Department in operation. The B. Y. Academy is in charge of Prof. Karl G. Maeser, with competent assistants in different departments. Elders Junius F. Wells, Milton H. Hardy and John Craner returned Tuesday, Aug, 27tb, from a short Missionary tour in the Interest of the Y. M. M. I. Associations. These brethren have been absent two months,and have visited and held meetings in Box Eider Cacht, Bear Lake, Rich, Morgan, Summit and Waistch Counties. They have effected Stake organlx-tionstheY. M. M.L A. in these Counties, have held sixty meetings, in theinteresti of the young people's Associations, have M. LA. monthly joint sessions 6Mhe Y. L. thf Ai- LA They hire idrleed , of dvta ad-YvM.- 