....... tlil 11 WOMAN'S; EXPONENT. : . i Editor. In JBalt Lake CStypUtafc-Tcnns: One copy one year, $2.00; one copy six months,Ten cppfesToF tbe price of nlflerAdvertisfagr1.0Q. rates; Each square, ten line of nonpareil space, one time, I2.00Y per month $3.00. j A liberal dleconnt to PabllehedBcmlnontoj, t - ! Laice Pity, Utah. SALT LAKE CITY, JAN. 1, 1878, A HAPPY NEW YEAR. A Happy New Yeat ! How familiar this phrase lias become. "Yet what fascination it still has for us all, as it rings out heartily from some dear friend. What shall it bring to us? is onfe of the first thoughts which spontanea ously arises in the mind. It is a time suggestive of reflection, when we launch forth upon untried ground. Although one may pursue the same dally avocations, may not even have a holiday (for holidays' are rarities to some), yet there jsil ways somethihglh the thought of the Now Year which strikes home to the inner self, and appeals strongly to the better nature within. There is really something emotional in the thought that a new recoid is to be entered upon, a new era is opening, iq which perhaps a brighter and cheerier prospect may dawn upon, our lives, pur Hearts seem drawn out In kindlier feelings towards all mankind, and involuntarily we grow charitable towards others, as we feel the need of charity and forbearance being extended to us. How much good we poor mortals could do to one an other, if we were a little more kindly, a little more thoughtful, a little more generous towards a brother, or sister. In the cultivation of the finer feelings and mauner there is certainly a great lack. It is often said, "So and So has a rough manner, is. abrupt in ppeech, buthis heart is all right;" and people readily accept the explanation, especially if their own tender feelings have not been; wounded too often. But surely there is sncli a thing as being noble and magnanimous at heart, and giving some token of It by one' manner. Or is the world so full of spurious courtesy, that a real gelotle-mar- i, or lady, must, forsooth, adopt the man ners of a boor, rather than be classed with the -- polished, lesineycrites. One thing Is certain, tbkt the delicate deference and chivalrous courtesy (hatcharac-"terbre- d the true gentlemen and lady, seem to have become almost a thing of the past. Or is it because In this fast age people have not time to observe towards each other those delicate amenilles that are always so pleaaiug In dally social intercourse. There Is nothing more desirable for any peo-- -i pie than to fee their youtWeicel inalHhatis noble and elevating, for they are to be the strong motive power of the coming era, and upon them will rest the great structure of society, and they must eventually eolye for them-telvand each other all the great preblems of life. ; Iu the new year now dawning, would it not: be well for all to form some new resolutions, and keep them faithfully, in regard to their bearing towards thir fellowmen. A little more forbearance with the erring, a little more courtesy towards their equals.and a tender deference for tho aged, or superiors In position ; , -- - fid" Influences In'bHng!n ablouOIielfllsrirape-capparent now, that it is spoken of everywhere ftthe ririt ofJlhe ace." We trust we have not digressed from our feubjt-c- too much, ifls -- J. P' J regular adrcrtlsera. ''t . Exponent Office, corner of South Temple, and First East sheets, opposite Eagle Gate. Business hours from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. every day except 8anday. . Address aUbafclness communications to ; r ' Publisher Woman's Exponent, ..' Trv". ' : T1IE WOMAN S EXPONENT. ?" - or knowledgeywould greatly encbance the beauty and merits of young people. Indulgence has perhaps been one of the prevailing ' ' - "alwaysomideTTdinr keeping-tospeak-G-tbe-N- ew Year in connexion with improvement, and If we have trespassed we beg pardon, such was not our intention. Standing upon the threshold of the new year just dawning upon us, and having so recently bid a brief Jfaieweli to the one now gone forever, we are full "and running oVer with thoughts of the future. There are many great questions at issue, that ere another new-ye- ar dawns will probably be decided. Some of these are of infinite importance to this people; but it is well to cultivate faith and hope to the utmost. Those who have the sublimest faith in God and His interpositions are the most truly happy. It lifts the human soul above doubts and fears, and surrounds it with an atmos; phere of serenity that dispels gloom. Life is so full of changes to all, even the most favored, that the cultivation of every Christian grace is necessary to ensure even a moderate amount of happiness. If the children now growing up in Zion are to become polished stones, as it were, in the Structure,! t is time their education commenced in the cultivation cf refinement and good breeding. If they aspire to a high standard of excellence physically, morally. Intellectually and f piritually, then there is also need of it socially. There are many faults to correct individually and generally, and; there is great need cf progress in many things, but if we as individuals and as a people would seek to inspire lofty sentiments, and encourage high and holy aims, with the knowledge the light and understan ding the Gospel imparts, surely the blt83ing of God would attend such progressive eflbrts; and If only a low resolved to carry out in their lives such vital principles, they could have a powerful bearing upon the associations and tendencies of those around tbem. We are not alluding to individuals; we know there is still same true courtesy among the young, but we speak of generalities. May the year upon which we are all entering prove not only one of anticipation of great and good results, but the realization of a change which shall bring about, eventually, the restoration of rights to those now oppressed, .May our Father grant that the bills now before the Forty-fift- h Congress to- better the condition of society may be carried, and that all bills citizens of this great Re nulfliulrvoTaTr" public may be upon the; hearts of those in power, to so amend the Constitution, as to give to all beneath its banners their respective rights arid privileges as one common brotherhood and s'slerhood, in their common country, is our - calcu-JMldJjo- or prayer. manage shrewdly to make room for It all. Hour contributors will be patient, we will do the best we can to piease "them all. Au?rr Em's Letter and a poem by Emile are crowded out to make room for comments upon tne inrisiiancy i5ujw iiiuu tut? m uiuer at rue " Vi-iFP::- "':.'.:' ica are working iudustriously to, do for all women citizens what Mr. C. and his friends are irxrint rt hard to 'iindh. lest a few h'nrnlft men a little' band of patriots' here in the mountains should enjoy the same privilege of voting- etc. allotted to the dram seller, the - -- gambler,the libertine, Caristmas - Da Yi; ; t ;i , pas,sed orT quietly, and everything seemed to combine to make the occasion a pleasant one. The weather even was suggestive of the merriment and delight which usually characterizes the holidays. The children were greatly pleased with the snow, and the little sleds and 'mufflers and all the The merchants and shopkeepers took all the pains possible to provide everything of the best quality, and make a tasteful display of their goods before the holidays, and money was --the only scarce article to supply the ever increa.. sing yearly demands of Santa Cla us. ... we have received the neat little work on housekeeping and cooking, "Six Little" Cook?, or Jansen, McClurg & Co , Chicago. It is peculiarly adapted for little girls1, to interest them in the science of cooking, which is one of the arts with which the young should fully acquaint themselves, if they expect to be goodwlves and mothers and help to make happy homes by understanding the economy of cooking in the best and readiest manner. The book is written in the form of a story, and contains recipes for all tho varieties of dishes for dinner, breakfast, etc., and suitable dishes for sick peo pie. the "Juvenile To-da- y Instructor," a favor- ite periodical of the young people and especially the children of Salt Lake City, commences its thirteenth year. It is an interesting little paper, most ably edited, and should be in every family in the Territory..' Thepaperis designed for use in Sunday Schools', and always gives some instructions for little learners on matters of Church HistoryV ' In this way children may obtatrra knowledge of facts, that will be beneficial to them arid give them correct ideas pf wuaw ueeu eiauureu in esiapiisuius kingdom. There are many very instructive v Li?! etc, that piease tne cnilaren and help them to acquire information concerning the habitsf of dumb creatures. We congratulate the editor upon his continued success, and recommend, the Juvenile as a most valuable acquisition to: the home literature of the Saints. ; ? The' past month two very destructive , cs to- - that we : are obliged . HOME AFFAIRS. fires have occurred in home manufacturing Institu Hons in Utah; - the .Woolen Factory-burn- eu L .1 ! yrraTV BP" TJ L 'mil. uuwu in ingnam KJiiy, iec. isi, was," rious loss to the people r there jri many wajs. It threw men out of employment, ana course was a great loss to' individual; famWea on. that account The people there are enerto getically at work clearing away tbe" debris ' "" !.. The Legislature of the Territory will con. vene on Monday, January 14. There is, it is paid, a vast amount of business on hand which demands early attention. It is to be hoped thee wise men "will accomplish something beneficial to the Interests of the Territory, during the present Ecsion. z We have R. S. Reports and other, articles, also poetry, for the paper, which we are not able to' publish this issue.; Our paper is very mal), (and we women have so much to say,) : ino furtorv in running order by the 4th pf July next. 'They are certainly a most enterprising people. : Trunk : Mr. ClemeUhaw, ,the pwDer of the name Factory burned in this' city about the M time, certainly deserves the sympathy and : 