THE .WOMAN'S EXPONENT.' Tarose to deHveirt h - fu n eral--d fscourseHe ' took' his- - text' from the book of Doctrine , '1 and' Covenants, quoting at, some length from tl;e revelation pertaining , to the diflerentde-- I -'gfets of gloryj awarded - In 8alt Lake Xltyr U ta ht Fibllslied Trm One eovr one year, a.um one copy six monme, ' 1.00. Ten' copied tor the price of nine. Advertising ; WmrMrftfl ma.c Jf'!'T,-- li WiiawL one tit lln isconni time, 13.00; per monin ! f n 'k jaUBeti: J regular Exronent Oflce corae? of South --Temple, .ndjrirttj Eaststt eeisopposlte Eagle GateJBneinesshours from 10 a.m. to 5rm. every day except Sunday; i Address aU rmslnesa communications to f e, 7Ji; :fl if) gublifiher .WOMAK'a Exkwxkt, u r . , 'lifl ;T;; i:0i r ,SalTOlte OijiatablTT. Mi::vr ml-montM- 1 y, f.wAiiimi ! LAKE CITY, APRIL. - - .., j;:f fbllodl hearing an undeniable tes timony to the truth ;:of our. ith.andspoke, wUh such beauty, compassion and force . upon i i,".foinfir rf ii fnfiirA lift. ; that hi.i. rpiTinrka if thrjJ Jed every pne present. The address was brief, expressive and appropriate. ; Again;, the -s- - ; I after which, Bishop Lorenzo :D, ; YOung offered a prayer whieh was: most beautiful and touching; and the services ended; The -friends then slowly passed to take a last look of ; ! choir-sa- ni 4 ? .:.-!- SALT TbTsTie InjXh-liijiQrm- . ? - evidenced and admonished. It is Sara xne oieris me uiauio ui ucaven," and we who believe this should find consola- tion in tne iauu. ' xuo umj mru. nuw many have gone, whose walk in life has been the admiration of all who knew theni? How goodi blessed how pure, how; liappy .are ..they-th- o dead. "It might make one in love with deth,' hen nor to kno wttbate hall-mtthem oh l is not thia a time has come to go. Is not, ' M v ' " balm for woe? ; , . -- borne by Ihe pall bearers - to the hearse, the prbcfssion lbrmedin?juietness"aelemnl- ' si-ridty and order, and all moved toward' the : lfent resting place of the departed." At tbej grave, Brest, of Stake,':'Abgus II Cannon delivered a dedicatory prayer, consecrating'4 the ffepot and pray ing that God would 'comfort the - - to induce us to emulate one whose sweetness of disposition, like the fragrance of flowers, pervaded the atmosphere, and shed an indescribable balm, that was felt and acknowledged by all who came within hersphere? Whose kind- - : : ofAffection; r AlTxuBUTtf : r fitting time to weep wAprilbowV-- That buds and blossoms may spring forth from tears ; y And bursting Into beauty fragrant llow'rs Twine with the cypress bough, through coming years , Emblems that we who mourn may find relief. And Joy lmmortalt crown our night of grief. ,f UV ' Emilb. ,'. ;i,f VtJ' r J -- , faiid-deariteus- i ; . . - : '." . ; : - i" iM , ' . 1 T ? .w ' 7 l- A FbiIvd.'' : k TJut blessed hope, iweet promises bestowed On hearts that else must break, but for this cheer; We'll ;flud our darlings in a bafe abode, Nor lose again as we have lost them here. Ohl cherished girl, fair, gentle and refined, Beloved of those who lore the pure and true; Besepch our God, that they may be resigned; And comforted, sweet one, who mourn for you! r Rememberlog be can no Injustice do, ; ' 'Too wise to err, too good to be unkind.' . JIINTS TO THE YOUNG. Often; in thll life of toil and preparation, we find those most gifted In many respects, accomplishing :thet least amount; of good to themselves and for the jworld.vi The chief causes of these unsatisfactory results, may be considered ' want of application and misapplication. Time is allowed to' pass almost unheeded by some,who vainly: Imagine they find as much '' - , - 1 No flower so fa! r, hut it must fade and die; Nq star so bright but it must sink to rest; No gih so precious from the worlds on high, Dut it may pass from thoeo who love it best. inciplency of the Wasatch Literary Association had been one of its most active and leading members. And Is it wrong that we should weep for such a loss? Can there be any sin in mourning for one whose compassion for the poor had become proverbial? whose naturewas such that it entered wholly into the afflictions of others and forgot individual grievances In solicitations for their weal? Whose; charity . ., was such that. ,tt. .,. ' whose sympathy was ever laboring for the wel- - ' fare of her race? whose appreciation of all that was beautiful in nature; art music and poetry was the most exquisite? whose enjoyment of life and happiness Inspired1 all with a1 kindred feeling? whose earnestness of purpose,integrity of character j adherence to principle, love of the Gospel," filial duyT and implicit riaith1 in and reverence for the Eternal Fatnerwcre the outgrowth of an arigelicatur.- KorWe cannot think so. God gave these to" u?f and expects that wo shall enjoy them and mourn their loss but with a moderation and aith Tn His All- - " ' : -- ,VEen her f alUnpi leaned to Tirtue'sslde t . genuousness and humor; that made her beloved by her scholais and won for her the love and admiiation of her associate teacher characterized every act of her life. Not only In this but in every other respect was 'she cherished and esteemed. In all societies for improvement and intellectual development she ever took a most active and prominent part, and from the : i . Mis3Emma Wells was hom ing Septemper 10 1853, and was one of the pioneer; children of Utah. Even as a child she evinced those qualities of heart and mind which, during later years, endeared her, to all whose fortune it hes been to enjoy her society; and as t she developed into.womanhood it seemed that every attribute which draws all hearts towards its possessor, had found a home within her breast. 8he early became a teacher in Miss M. E. Cook's graded school, continuing so for, a number of years, and the same kindness, in- . . , ,7. nv ,. : and whose purity of soul was such, that, compared with it, snow would lose its whiteness Here is a noble Incentive, and oh! let us labor for so bright and promising and so joyful an end. So long as virtue is admired, so long as a love of our fellow creatures' is cherished, so. long as compassion warms the heart, so long as patience, tmtbv inteUigencerprinciple; charity and contentment exist within our hearts, so long as we have faith in the innate goodness of the human, and are loth tp thinker t say ill of another, so long as sympathy for. distress can move blue eyed sympathy to tears, so long will her memory remain engraved on our hearts; for they but serve as a remembrance of one who was possessed of them all. x&xn.l ' 'heart-rendin- the, depths ot, log itearsl that fountafns. our hearts have been TAnd jo life's taken Opened, andonel Hear : . from our midst. , r;" Last Monday ovenlDg a few minutes before eight o'clock, the spirit of Miss Emma Wells, daughter of Counselor D. II. and Jirs. E. B. 'Wells, departed from' its earthly tabernacle. The sickness that had such an un looked for and melancholy : termination, was ' of about three weeks duration; and until' but a few hours before her demise had not assumed any very alarming phase, and even until it was positively ascertained that she was no more, the faith of many Jn her ultimate recovery1 remained unshaken.' It would be a vain endeavor to attempt to picture the scene rat the bedor to describe the side of death,....... feel Intra ' awakened;by the tears, moaha, sobs and al most hopeless grief of her parents, sister?, broth ers, and friends, as in the depths of sorrow, .they awaited her release from earth, nof would we desire to do so were i t in our power; heaven forbid that we should awaken in otber hearts, the sorrow of our own, which must neceasarily result from a desciiption of the scene. Quietly she passed away and a smile of sweetest expression b'erspread her pale features. The funeral services took, place on Thursday morningVat U o'clock, from the residence of her parents, and a large assembly of relatives and loving friends gathered to attend the last rites over tha remains of this loved one. .The coffin was literally covered iwith beautiful and fragrant flowers, the emblematic tokens of: friends; a rtlstlcally arranged in wreaths, in byuquets, and In festoons, draping the coffin in Spring loveliness. Beneath . tho:coffin lay her guitar garlanded .Vlth- - delicate flowers and evergreens intertwined. A few of her dear fdendi of; the Tabernacle choir opened the ser- - , vices, their voices; mournfully pouring forth inuile eloiiuent frith sorrow, r? Bishop Wool ley oflered l othe ; opening I prayer, again the choir ang,' and Apostlo 'Joseph F Smith well-up;fro- That breathes upon a bank of violets, Stealing and giving odor? dT tk. "Deathi ere thou hast sTain aaathess Fair and learned and good as she; Time gball have thrown a dart at theci'rt ..11 7 , piteous those already weeping, and making it, indeed, - a most g picture The sexonluU filled his office, the .last tributea of feeding,-heartMe- re paidtp the deasjej3,anoaU ajowly andjsadJyaurnedjto dtpart. r inlo-tearsah- ; - Death": has stolen from - the wreath of our friendship one of its falreat.and most fragrant flowerk Oftentimes the heart's deepest foun- -j la1nciw;;opened :and - the ; pitiful sorrow, the love, the friendship, the undying affection, 4tho promises of &,llfe, the burial of; hopes eberishr ed for years, all-a- ll find. expression in scald-- , 1 fherii'6frfbW all, this was the most trying scene, , for many who had contained themselves up to' that mo-; nient could restrain no longer, apd broke forth "Thesetaught us how to Uve, and oh! too high A price for knowledge," taught na how to die." Is not the hope, the faith", the knowledge that if we live aright we sliall sgai n be partak-er- s of the pleasures of their society, sufficient llhdT'beiovea com paionTom ttfefeould n scarcely see through their tears; the coffin was 15, 1878. 1 Idleness 'is in anything else'' Yet the merciful Creator has given them brains' to exercise, and hands to work with us t the same ' as the most I ndnstrK happ!nesi-i&!eis6'iniE- l 1 "tbef;-wout- d ous possess. V ; , And agat rj'many studious thl nkers and bird workers are ; thinking .and working . in the,; wrbng' direction; '"Even, here among: the cbo-- -; sen aniavoWd ' people ;bftG.6d,'rxnay; be found those who llaborinceswnUy fdrV fhe vain and perishable things of eartnWe; db noUhtici-- I pate, in this short article, to approaclj .any .who ..are::thu49V'illfeady;rtarDed.r awsy,, from .the "straight and narrow path." But if we may: ; ; 1 i 