WO MAJ'S EXPO NE N T. prepared skins, were used later. The Chi?, nese have a literature dating back more than 3,500 years. "The "Book of Changes," one of the revered Chinese elassi cs, made ,;; its appearance 1160 B. G. The books of; this nation werexnade for many centuries tablets.. About 300 B. C. the present style of writing with a brush was introduced, silk having takep the place of the tablets. Two thousand years ago the of bamboo im perial library of China consisted of 3,123 volumes of classics, 2,705 on philosophy, 1,318 of poetry, 790 on military affair, 2,528 on mathematics, and 868 on. medicine. Printing in China was invented near the close of the Sixth Century, nearly 900 years before it become" known ia Europe. In ancient Rome the literary needs of the people were abundantly supplied by 4be pen. Professional scribes were numerous, and papyrus paper was cheap. Books were made faster than they could be 3old, to the great disgust of some of the noble Roman authors . The scribes whose manual labour produced thesei books rwereedarajelavBsr and so efficient in their craft that type ami presses could hardly have made books more common. Long before the Christian era the poet Horace complained because his books were in the hands of everybody. The form of ancient books differed With the materials from which they were Tablets and leaves of metal and lead were of the same square form as our books when flexible materials like papyrus and parchment came into use, it was found convenient to make them in the form of rolls. The internal, arrangement of bookshas undergone many modifications since the earliest times. At first there was no division of words, all the letters in the line running together. Gradually the separation took place, and by degrees, in the course of time, a work was , broken up into - ; com-pose- d. i to-da-y; sentences and paragraphs, and punctuated. The immense libraries formed in ancient times are proofs of the abundance of "books and the general condition. of literature in the various countries of Asia and Europe. The famous Alexandrian library, founded nearly 3Q0 B. C, contained 700,000 volumes. The library of the king of Perga-mu-s, 200,00p, and, there were numerous libraries, public and private, in Rome, Athens, Samos, and other cities in Grjeece, Egypt, JSpaiu and Italy, numbering from 10,000 to 50,000 volumes. The library founded by Constantino at Constantinople contained 120,000 volumes, and that at Cairo is said by Arab writers to have held 1,600,000 volumes, There were other grea libraries In Bagdad, Tripoli and Fex. Under the Moors, Spain possessed 60 public libraries, the principal one, that at Cordova, contafning 40C,000 volumes. Most of these collections wero : destroyed in the wars which devastated the various countries and cities where they existed, the remnants which escaped owing their preservation to being concealed In convents and monaste- riesBook Bulletin. WQBDS TO BOYS. I would kjeep "better hours!' if I were a that is, I would go to' bed earlier than most boys do. Nothing gives more mental and bodily vigor than sound rest when properly applied,. Sleep is our great replenishes and if we neglect to take it regularly in childhood, all thu worse for us when we grow up. If we go to bed we early, ripen) if we sit up late, we decay; and sooner or later we contract a called insomnia, allowing it to be per boy again; dis-sea- so Ill manently fixed upon us, and then we begin " to decay, even in yonth. Late hours are shadows from the grave. I If I were a boy sgain, I would practise - to perseverance oftener, and never givo up a thing because it was hard of Inconvenient to do it. If we want light, wo must conquer darkness. When I think of mathe. matics I blush at the recollection of how often I "gave in" years ago. Thero is no trait more valuable than a determination to .persevere when the right thing Is to bo accomplished. We are inclined to give up too easily in trying or unpleasant situations, and the point I Would establish with myself,:-i- f the choice was again within my grasp, would be never to relinquish my hold on a possible success if mortal strength or brains in my case wero adequate to the occasion. That was a capital lesson which a learned Professor taught one of his students in the lecturo-rooafter some chemical experiment. The lights had been put out in the hall, and by accident some , small article d mppednotrt Ire floor from - tho Professor's hand. The Professor lingered behind, endeavoring to pick it up. "Never mind," said the student, "it is of no consequence sir, whether we find it or no." "That is true," said the Professor; "but it is of grave consequence to me, as a princi-pathat I am not foiledinmy determination to find it." i Perseverance can sometimes equal genius in its results. "There . are only two creatures,", says the Eastern proverb, "who can surmount the pyramids the eagle and the snail." Ex. James T. Fields. the year to come. The bag of chaff is also a source of endless and innocent merriment in o lupui IUU UUW , lb (CIO ju n tan 11 the receiver with a cloud of dust , and small particles" that adhere to his beard enter the fur of his coat,and make him feel as uncom- fortablo and look as ridiculous as can well be desired by the most ardent prompters of practical iokes. . But as he onens his eves. he at once notices lying in thejmass around him a welcome present whicn has been se creted in the. chaff. It may well be imagined with what delight children join in this rough play, and how it materially assists to pas3 the lonew winter season. vsi-- ; OVERSTRAINED HEARTS. organ m the body is so hablo to w overworked a? the heart, according to a writer in Chambers' Journal. .1 When every other part of the body sleeps it keeps on its perpetual motion. Every increased eiffirt or action demands from the heart more force. A man runs to catch a train ' and his heart beats audibly. He drinks wine and his blood rushes through its reservoir faster than ever was intended by nature. His pulse rises after each course of dinner. A telegram arrives, and his heart knocks at his side. And when any one of these 'excitements " is over, he is conscious of a. corresponding depression a 'sinking' or is as it called. The healthy action, "emptiness," of all the members of our frame depends uoon the supply ot blood received from thiscentral fountain. When the heart's action is arrested, the stomach which requires from it a large supply of " blood booowoa onfhlei. The brain, also' waiting for 10 xuc a luavtiva. ia uciiu ujwvj( vary willing member, but if it be made to fetch and carry if it be "put upon," as the unselfish uivuivvi w w Juuuij utwu o, 1U UUUUlUCo U U1S organization which is equivalent to its rapture. v u r t rnw- rtA iuia ill m xi o n. ii i.ii i iiri i r iriv rnn wrv uivvu 'UV ft 44 w days in the hearts of very young cMdren, parents know that if their sons are to succeed at . any ; of these competitive examinations which, hare: nqwv become, so. exigent, is employed. Hence young persons are stimulated to overwork JNo m -- to-nig- ht, l, . The Eleventh Annual Washington in-cessa- Convention of The National Woman Suf-lra- ge Association will be ' held in Lincoln , Hall, and D. Streets, Washington, D. C. January 9 and 10, 1879, The RIggsr House, , corner 15th and G. Streets, will bo the 0 It is hoped and expected ntly - r 11 headquarters of the delegates, where all may first report. ? -- that private eniertainment will be secured, and- - delegates entertained free'of charge... The Association invite women from all parts of the country. They ask tbat those who think they will bo at the Convention to report as soon as possible to the Corres-pondi- ng Secretary, Matilda Joslyn Gage, ' Fnyetteville, New York, who has such names jn charge. Contributions to the Convention' are to be iorwarded to - Ellen Clarke Sargent, Treasurer, 1738 De Sales St., Washington. Letters to the Convention should bo addressed to the Cor. Sec, care of Ellen H. Sheldon, No. 7 Grant pjace, Washington. Delegates are requested to meet for consultation at the Bouse of Bclva A. Lock wood, woman lawyer, 619 F. Street, af, 7 o'clock, Tuesday evening, Jan. 7, 1879. high-pressu- re by rewards, and punishments. uuy wuu 13 The siht of a, ueiug vrainea ior competition" is .3 frjllv Mil Ann TViov children are never well. Their mental excitement" keeps up a flushj which like excitement caused by strong drink in older "children, looks like health but has no relation to it. "?-r- " ; : . HYGIENIC NOTES- 1 - ' What. an English ' Physician cays About ' the -Properties of NVild Sage.- -I. was leaving hoinV to ! i . ;m'flni Ann4M T . At mv mitnnn '.'Sir; r Coray who rqjus lae' to. hare a bottle bf 'wild . . ... cqozmUi& with the eminent ojceicon oiuraatoiu, 1 submitted ' a sample country. Being Santa CLaus in Norway. The presentation of Christmas gifts in Norway is the chief diyersion,dfj the season, an, I rj this, 'many strange customs are bserved. Thus, in some districts the gift Is hid in a truss ot hay or itraw,or sometimes it Is placed In a bag of chaff. The donater then watches hia opportunity, and elyly fixes the truss of hay above the door of his friend's room. When the latter enters, tho hay falls on him, to the great enjoyment of the kindly conspirators, who are probably watching close at hand Then ensues an!eager and exciting search. The truss is ripped open, hands thrust in and out through the straw "1 or hay till the gift is found, at whichf ino- ment the donaters generally disclose heir presence by shouts of delight, and tho ex- - - Vila .M1tfBlfl All ..uu V J A. i.i . A. yy - ' ' -- a. : Dr. for: ' ; hbwever meaicju are stimulant Sixtihnrptin' properties, wpiration) and expectorant,' (tending f to promote dharges from: the lungs or throat.) : ' It is also a good emmenagogue; tfacts especially 'upon the throat ia all its variccr inflammatory conditions i whether the tonsil fauces f ksphyxiaor laryni useful.; I have tried it in the' gitisit cases named,.and have jfoun4it;invaluable.,V i "."-.IThomas Child - Bedford 36 Clarence St, England, Oct. 8th,187A. - ' ! ajbr is-cqu- : i George Lkwes, the phflolopher" ana husbandHenry of Goorgo is OAaO, ' Eliot, 