Vol. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAHi JUNE 15, 1878. 7. some other good work for them to read they find employment for their' minds and or auy hands by playing cardsrrof pastime, ' thus their frivolous gamo for amusement ; lace of tHo3isull IJay Ihnivetsaryp liiid win. be largely uevotea 10 reminiscences. Friends are cord lally invited to be' present, ; especially the pioneers in the reform. " Williaxl-CjjLiLEBrvant. the uoet. au- thoTr l ed iter, philosopher and sttesman d ted at h is. residence i n ew jXork, Ci ty on Wednesday, June 12 at 5 25 a. ic. i America may well be proud of so good and great and wise man. Bryant Was brn; at Cum-m- l ngton, Mask , Nov 8 , 1 70 4 A t thp early age of fen years he Commenced his literary i wonderful geliius In careeropIaying vriting; and translating, ;and , as he grew older became eminent not only, for Jua learning and talent but his great practical abilities, combined with, a nature; so genial and tender , that- - heattracted all aJ more hearts, to himibereby-wieldinI)Owerful influence.; j His works ard numer-ou- s and. widely; celebrated. HIax popularity jas anV author fand -- scholar l has been known for at least three scoro years and ten. : ;fHE ' WORSHIPER; i ' lata the house of worship came "TTThe earnestf cmwdiesr tbrocg -- y- ' - .- The gentle girl, the aged dame; . " 'soog. Through prayer arid praise and sacred 1 v led To learn the path that above;; v 'Eatth's rales and triMs of wrong L sweeticlear and high, ; d, While praycrf : i: Arid worehip-hjxn-h like Incense lulled ; A stranger, half as one la fear, m I Id vacant seat before me stole it Like ono apart from all commune , with her secret soul. Her garments worn with studious care, Thef ashion of long years gone by;) The straying locks of once bright hair, The Tjallld cheek, the drooping" eye. The prayer-behead, the shrinking form, Jlig ht wake a pitying tigh. : ; Tet, e'en as puce In Eden dwelt ' One spirit dark, whose trail was blight; There where truth's seekers humbly knelt, Vain worldlings at the saddening sight;-" Biushless witbin the sacred place i ! Their line derisiori ideaU.-- 1 , - And yet fhey thihk, they are worthy ol.our !pure,efined; cultured, girls, and; expect to marry them and mrike them happy. But, alas! how can a woman be happy with a man who has no idea In Common with her; one who has never read anything to improve-his mind, or studied refinement, or elevation, or sought for spiritual Knowledge, as she O, sisters! let us try to take more pains with our children, and havobooks and! amusements ready fpr them, so that they may reipain at homei contented and happy, and not have7an or billiard halls, lor enjoyment. Let us begin. while they are young to teach them to pray and sing, to attend meetings for spiritual culture; and put their trust in.God;to cultivate their minds and manners, and be. " how raj soul within me burned. To shield the helpless from their sting, When once her thin pale face she turned; Then shrank like some poor hunttd thing Too. weak and wounded to take flight - Though shouts aroundher Inff Ah! what hath been'tby woe, poor heart, What hlstpry pf wrong and pain, : Lie hid from reason reach and smart, r And but the sealed lidaremaln; ..',., " ' Bare one stray leaf thou connest o'er, r " ''' Thy heavenly home to gain.1" r'p is an Intelligent Being, He will desire us to be so, and will help all who seek, to attaia to. excellence. Let us, also, strive to im. prove ourselves, that ;wel may. know how to instil inte the minds wf'.out Jittlo.ones such things as will benefit them here and here- Then the bright angel lifting.forth, The poor clay from tba trampled sod; Found, 'oeatb cankering dross of earth, (Where worldly feet Indifferent trod) ' Dim with tear-rus-t, a jewel brlghi Worthy the praise of God. Blessed thou art, the Master said; Because when workings sought not me, Though with my riobest bounties fed; Thou In thy depths of misery," ' Friendless, distraught, one bright thought kept And loved, and worshiped me, " ' ' ; -; '; after;j.U .i V I have no boys of my own, but I have a great desire to say or do srometblng to improve i the condition of ourf bys in Zion, so I have addressed a few Ideas to mothers, thinking ; perhaps I may awaken some of them to a knowledge of. the importance of their duties, and. thus benefit the sons; and if they will learn to spend their money for good books, Instead of whiskey and tobacco, and Instead of their evil habits form good .'onesyil, am sure it will bring its own reward.r Uii i : ;GirsY Golden. : : C AUGU1TA S. JL City, May 18 th, JS78U1 ... . t JoYCS 'CilOCKCnoX. v'i K : . t eading, tho article in the Expo nentl entitled "Education and Culture of WomcnfJ have "felt like saying something NOTE3 AND NEWS. t , to mothers in regard to training their' boys. I have visited some of the .Conjoint -i- . r mprovement Meetings, and think the girls take more interest, advance more attend more regularly, and aro mororapidly, attentive to instructions' than .the boys areu I have also noticed in many families that parents ;dq . not sepm- to think their boys need any education, or refinement; they rhave no books or papers, provided for them, from whiclr they might gain' and appear onty to wish them toknowledge, know how to work. When they come in at evening, after their day's work is done, Instead of having the Bible, Book of Mormon, or , k : r . , . ; i - -- e a'church In Seneca Falls, then the "homo'' of Mrs Stanton; and adjourned to meet' August 1, ' at Rochester;5 It is era!-- , nently fitting that the thirtieth anniversary should be held in this laftfer ;city.1,: Somo' who took TKirtr in the ; Convention have passed on, but many: others, including both Mrs. Mott and Mrs. Stanton, Its callers, are still living. This Convention will take tho Ni'-.y.V- ; . The New England Woman's Suhscrip. eyenlnglay 29th,in Hor. tieultural;HalI, Boston, Mass,, Mr. iWilliara :J Bowditch made His was. speech, principally upon; the Suffrage fo' women, taxation Awi thou t reresen ta. : raiisucai jjacts were "'t brought forward; by him to prove how ... in- - complete and cruel had been the laws of the past and that all was not yet accom. piished that ought to bo to improve the condition oi the people, : Mr. B.i said J. Story faught us that "Law is a progressive cience,,etc. Wendell Phillips Was the next speaker, in bis, address which, was and powerful eloquent, herald he.fancied , i: : ;one reason 7 why-th- public took so little e in- - terest in Woman's Suffrage was because so hU9 mney was put Into it." People: said: tYou a iiwoman's . suffrage I man.; iiow much hjixm - v wuxuan a fui sunraffe ,xnai was tneir only thermometer; he referred to the money subject as a necessity to success; said there were two'r tests only vmcu peopio applied to determine tho ment and probable, success ' of every cause. The one was money the other was votes. u x.astmam. Knv. ifr r?Qi. thrope, and Miss Abby W.4 May, each ad. ; p.-Gag- iilJieas-twojwce- ks -- The Tuiiitietii' Ajnnlvcrsary of the -- excellint h enjod ih i Place Wpdnesdayi ' Second Woman's Rights Convention the world ever knew,' will be celebrated by a ' Con vent Ion In Corinthian 'Hal!,7 Roch ester, 19th; W$l lLThe Vfirstl one was :NY;Jnly held jn Akron Ohio' the year before, by Mrs. 'Frances and, other Western women. This second ; one met July 19, In time-o- f in-th- at -- .. ' y of his poems called Junelhe most exquisitely expresses fervent wish to die beautiful month. I r-V 7 C1 'i pr it; viousto.hls death. .. Mr. Bryanthad travel, ed extensively In foreign rounfries and bad wonderfuf powers of : description. In one : ...... . ,rrortheHxroxi3rx. ' HINTS TO :y OTHERS. Since to! the cbmeintelligcnt'tfors her dying bed Thb'lonely worshiper was found: Fewfriends kind ministrations fed, rFew mourners stood her grave around; And the sealed lips their secret kept Within them 'neath the mound. 't ' ? 3rr,Bryunthad -- When low upon "T g , Ab! 5 ver-sati- je -- r ? -- ; : ' --, v , ; N p nt - i ? - , : is not all they lack, but that the parents without teachallow their boys' to grow-uor ask a blessing upon, ing them to pray, way their food, or to - acknowledge in any " ' : the power of God. CiI: And How; sadly' 'are their manners neg: lected also! - They? will go to an evening party, or meeting, many of them, with their hair uncombed, wearing their dirty without-coat- s, ;and their breath overalls, Rmelllnf? horriblv of whiskey and tobacco. ? : ? iedncatiQisneglectedandJhe lowed to go to wa3te j and I lear that this jfiill-tone- '. : it, i j.nero were manv RTPlinf y ithese ladlea and and the spirit manifested is onegentlemen; that wiil not bo rebuffed or but couraged, persistent and earnest ' , and full of strength and dotermiriation. i , J Mme. Strauss, wife Is thounhfher death mav f ntnrfnre -- oMhe great eompos-Q- r Johann Strauss, Is dead. She was best v.u iu uiusicai circles as Jetty Taffa. It raff h 4Un. great composer and his orchestra coin" to . j. u4a. lu ii u x f Kim r inn - - 