 - - ' 70" WQM'A FERENCE. ' --- aMMM&eZ, Conference 'l.:-:8AV- --- r - of the Re. The Third Quarterly lief Society of lbia Btako : was held in tho Fourteen th Ward Amenably Rooms, day, Sept. 21st, morning session commencing at 10 o'clock. Coun. E. S. Taylor pre. aided, the President, Mrs. M. I. Howe, being unavoidably absent In the stand were some of the most prominent ladies of Young, Mrs. B. W. Smith, Mrs. S. M. Kirn- LlrsrSrMrHeywoodrMrsrPhebyWpodrngp-MrE. Howard, and the Editor of Woman's Exponent, On the platform around the stand were the presidents of the various branches of the Relief Society of Salt After the usual exercises of LakelCo.: singing and prayer, the Secretary readtrle s. ce; ! e jiao I Briowl made a few remarks on woman's work and the organizations for her special advancement, and then the presidents of the dif. fereht branches were called upon to give verbal statements of 4he condition, of the. Society in'thelr respectlve localities. This gave variety and interest, each speaker occupying only a few minutes. Meeting adjourned at 12 o'clock until 2 o'clock p. m. In the afternoon, Mrs. E. A. Whitney was among the ladies in the stand. Mrs. Whitney and Miss Snow are associated together in the minds of thb Latter-daSaints, from the early days of Kirtland, and 'they are revered as pioneer women who have ever been valiant In the cause of truth, and their names will be held in honorable remembrance for the many good ' words and works "which havo brought joy and 'comfort to the hearts of many thousands oi the Saints from time to time. Most, of 'tho afternoon .was occupied by the presidents 'in, reporting verbally the condition of the societies, after which Miss Snow nominated Mrs Mary V, Freeze as Superintendent of the Y; L. M, I. A. of Salt Lake Co. Mrs. Freeze nomination y was unanimously sustained. Miss Snow then proceeded to nominate for Primary in tho 16th, 17th, and 18th Wards, with the following ladies as officers : 1G th Ward, President,5 MrsM. J4 Thompson; Counselors, Mrs: Druellla Parker and Singleton. 17th Ward, President, Mrs. :E.- Groesbeck; Counselors, Mrs. C.L. : Williams and Mrs. Sarah :Burbage. 18th Ward, President, Mrs. 'Mary Schejiler; Counselors, Miss Anna M. Duncati and Mrs. Ann llarL These nominations werV sustained by tho vote of the ladies of he Conferences Tho business of tho Conference being completed. Miss Snow 7 arose, with Mrs. AYJiitney, and making a fef explana- tory, remarks,' announced that if the sisters 7 would, jinlte , their faith, LWhitney would sing "A, song of Zionf which shp did in a most melodious voice and imprest sivo. manner,' every heart seemingly in-- " ' spired With the Inspirational hymn. rMr ; Taylor then moved tho adjournment until the Wednesday nearest the 2 let, which Will occur on the 18th af December. T?he congregation then nroso to their feet and sang As-ciatio- Mrs-Ma- ns ria . v Jt. " . 1 5 i " Ex FOJtiarr. REPORT OF TRIP NORTH. By special invitation from our sisters of Ilyrum to attend their Annual Meeting of tho Relief Society, Sister E. R. Snow and I left home, August 6th, for that purpose. We visited Mendon on our way, and attended two meetings. Met with our faithful sisters in Wellsville, and attended One R. S. meeting, and two meetings of Y. M. Mr I. A; We reached Ilyrum August 9, and spent a pleasant time with our sisters in speaking of the goodness of our Heavenly Father to us His children. Sister Snow gave some excellent counsel to the sisters, pertaining to t h e oxd era nd -- govern m en t o le f --So-cieties, which I hope they may profit by and put in practice. We also visited Paradise, and were kindly entertained by Bishop Smith and his estimable wife. Sister Snow organized the Y. L. M. I. A., and we also attended a meeting of the R. S. The sisters in both of the last named places are striving to be by making all they can for home self-sustaini- Af-r4ex4Hei-iad I been Q) f--Rel then folminutes of the lowed the reports from the various branches of the Stake, with .very few exceptions. The 7th, 11th, arid 2 1st yards, Herriman, South Cottonwood and West Jordan were not reported. The reports were creditable, showing-thenergy, enterprise and increased interest on the part of the sisters, in the duties and responsibilities resting upon the women of Israel in this day. last-Conferen- come out with the children to meet us, one "The Spirit of God," and Mrs. Whitney : dismissed the meeting. CON RELIEF SOCIETY QUARTERLY EXP O N E N T. S wrear. 1"Z Sister Snow returned tOrignty ng, 011 the Uth, and attended an interesting meeting with the sisters on the 14th. They are prepariug themselves for raising silk; the First Ward has nearly 5,000 mulberry . cuttings out, and. the other three wards have nearly as many more. They also manufacture handsome artificial flowers. It would be well for us if many more of ihe settlements followed their example, at least, from every county there should be one Jor more sisters sent to learn flower-makin- g, sewing and dyeing, making the hats aud bonnets needed for home wear; if they could not export they would nover need to import, and blessings would attend our labors, and we would be furnishing employment for the young. On the 15th and lGth we attended tho sisters' two days Quarterly Conference,Ogden. We truly enjoyed a rich feast: the reports read were very encouraging,Sister Richards straw-braidin- g, can surely rejoice over the result of her labors and the prosperity of woman's work I in that part of the vineyard, Saturday, 17th, accompanied by Mrs. M. I. Home we were escorted by Sister White and son to Morgan; we attended the two days Quarterly Stake Conference also a meeting held by Y. M. M. I. A. Monday, 18th, wo visited Ilichville, West Portervillo and East Porterville, and met with the sisters in each place. Sister Snow organized the Y. L. M. L A, in Richville, and re-organi- ; Porterville. the Association in West . . -- : ; Tuesday, 19th, wo met with. our sisters in Milton and Enterprise, and, vo, found theisisters,. under tho wise counsel given them by Bishop J. K. Hall, trying to sustain the name; hero they braid and, make all the. hats worn in the settlement." "May they bo prospered In thejr every effort of 4 . , enterprisp. V Z'- - Wednesday, 20th and 21st, attended two ..raeetiugsrrio in North and one in' South ' Morgan Wards. Friday, 22d, we started for Croyden; although it was raining and disagreeable, the children of the settlement came some dis-pee out to meet us, and cheered us by their song of welcome. We were escorted to Bro. Thackeray's by Bishop Hopkins and many of tho brothrcu and sisters who had . . U ' brother carrying a banner with the inscription, "Welcome to Croyden." Sister Snow organized the young ladles at tho evening meeting; the afternoon meeting , was a general meeting and attended by brethren and sisters, bid and young. Saturday, 23d, wo visited Henneferville. attended meeting in the afternoon, and at the request of Bishop Richens, we attend ed meeting in the eveniug, and Sister Snow the Relief Society; assisted in of Henneferville, gave excellent in structions to the sisters, and encouraged them to persevere in every good word and work. Sister Home explained the object of our organizations, and tho order arid government of Relief Societies. Sunday, 24th, we attend Sacrament meetSaints, although ing at Echo. Found the be one few in number, doing tlioir-best--to both the brethren and sisters. In the eve. ning we were invited, by Bishop Aspcr and Counsel, to addiess tho Saints. On Monday we met with the sisters, and Miss Snow and Mrs. Home assisted in organizing a Relief Society. We were honored with the presence of President Cluff and family, Elder Alma Smith, and Sisters Wilde, Reed, Robinson, and many others from CoalvilIer also Bishop Richens and the ' Choir of Henneferville. " Tuesday we called on our friends at Coalville, and attended meeting at 10 a. m, Dined with many of the Saints at the residence of President Cluff. Although our visit was short, we shall not soon forget the enjoyable time we spent in Coalville; the Spirit of God was beaming from every face, and every one present could say it was good to be there. ... the to be at We were delighted. present - : Morgan Co.Kelief Society Stake Organization with Mrs. Lydia Rich, President, Mrs. Amanda Rollo and Jane Tannei, Counselors, Cordelia Smith, Secretary, Mrs. Sarah A. Rawle, Superintendent of the Stake for Y. L. M. I. A. Every settlement we visited the brethren honored us with their presence; they left their harvest fields and attended meeting, sustaining and blessing us with their faith and society. Eider W. G. Smith, President Morgan Co. Stake, and wife accompanied us to four settlements. Peterson being the last, where we had a good meeting and an enjoyable time with our friends. We thank the brethren for their confidence and respect, and for every kindness shown us on our tour, and our sisters "for their entertainment and kind attention. Elizabeth Davis. The Yellow Fever still continues its devastating work in the "sunny South," frost yet there is a proxpect that after the more sets in it may abate; but now a still appaling feature of stnTering has become known in Brazil, a famine, which, as written up by the correspondent of: the New rork Evening Post, at Rio Janiero, is too horrible for contemplation, and it is impossible to calculate the fearful consequences. That country has been -without- water since July, 1876. - Longfellow, the poet, has five chil- a dren Onslow the eldest is married-an- d man of business in Boston; Ernest is ,a rising young painter,- studying abroad; Alice, the eldest of tho girls, is a pleasing writer, unmarried; gdith is a gblden-haire; who has just young lady of twenty-fivII. Dana, Richard married the third son of Jr.; and Anna is said to be literary in her inclinations, Ex. - d e, 