from him, and are greatly pleaded with the success of his theory. His residence la South Temple St., second house West of "Juvenile Instructor" Office, at Mrs. Hawkins. : Of the Ladies of Utah County held in Meeting House, Frovo City, Deo. Mrs. Mary 7 th, lhe, 187S. v John called "the attentien of the : audience. On motion, Mr?. Margaret T. Sruoot was chosen president, and Mrs. Caroline Daniels and Lucy W. Kimball secretaries, was offered by Mrs. J. After singing,-praye- r O. Duke. Mrs. Margaret T. Smoot explained the object of the meeting to declare our sentiments in regard to our holy religion, and to protect 1 against the "anti-polygam- y Mrs. Lucy W. Kimball petition." then read the peti- tion referred to. On motion of Mrs. H. A. Beebe, a committee of seven ladies were appointed to draft resolutions for the adoption of the meeting, name)y? Mrs. II. A. Beebe, Amanda McEwan, Jane Jones, Annie K. Smoot, Sarah A. Scott, R. A. Hoiden and Mits Tennie Smoot. After the withdrawal of the committee, Mrs. M. T. Smoot said it is a worthy cause that calls us together: we hare received tha principle of plural marriage, and incorporated it in our religion and lives as a revelation from God We have many things to encounter. Ladies from the east have come here and have given U3 the credit of busy, honest and Irugal women. Why cannot our sex allow us the privilege of the husbands of our choice?- No one is constrained from this privilege among us; we live in unity with our husbands and one another. We are not all saints, but we vary no more v tuuu uuuuugamju wives. ciu irusi our husbands and know they act upon the commands of God. We should be let alone. We, as wives of latter-dasaints should epeak our minds. We want no legislation in our behalf, but wish it known by all, that there i3 one above who revealed this law for our observance and he will legislate for us. y The commitlee on resolutions returning, their repojffc was read, also the resolutions which were in substance as adopted by the Sisters of Salt Lake City, with the addition of ' . . Resolved, That e the women of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter day Saints, of Utah County, in mass meeting assembled, fully endorse the preamble and resolutions passed by the women of latter-da- y saints in mss meeting assembled in Silt Lake City, Nov. I61I1, -- 1878. Mrs Mary John read an addre.-- s in support of tha principle of plural marriage aud of noninterference by parties not affected by Its practice. Mrs. Margaret A. Cluff eaid: We have assembled as women of" this C3unty,to protest against the infringement of our religious liberties, and protect against any movement on the Dart of Congress to inj are our franchise or that 'of f1? onr husbands. Many years Ago. our neonl fl.ri ' from their homes, traveling through a desert. mis we preferred to yielding the religious convictions of our eouls. God Was with us and preserved his work. Shall we yield our faith in Him through whose help we have received .' our dow peaceful homes? No, never. We have confidence that through the help of God this attack like others will bo productive of good. They call that which is pure a crime. Think of it sisters! The majority of mankind may not feci polygamy consistent with their ' the world speak of the inconvenience of children. The Gentile ladies of Salt Lake and elsewhere, could plainly see as they thought the mote of polygamy in Utah, but failed to see. of the beam of infanticide of such magnitude in the east. Mrs. Ruia Hohlen revived themernories of those who first inaugurated tae principle of celestial marriage, facing the world in its superstition and darkness. She was the daughter of au American citizen who had fonght in the revolutionajy warn, and would not submlttobe disfranchised of her rights, religious or'politi-ca- l, without raising a voice against it. Mrs. Marilla Daniels read an address followed by the reading of. the. sentiments of Mrs. Matilda E. Loveless. Mrs. Zina Young Williams was introduced as the daughter of a polygamist and the widow of a poIygamist,andsaid after such an introduction I would be a feeble vessel if I did hot bear witness to the truth of the principle of our religion assailed by our enemies. . That 1 am the daughter of a polygamist, and entered into that holy order of celestial marriage as a wife, is true; and I glory therein. If all the ladies of the United States stood before me I would still say so. I pity thoee who are the tools of the adversary of mankind. But we cannot tamely submit to be trodden upon in our rights, and we will not, but will protest against it. The day will come when those who now oppose us, will come bending for our aid, and we will extend It to them. This feeble crusade is a secondary consideration to the need of us watching our own lives and actions. The principle the world so much condemns Is one that Is ele! - the following: feelings, bnt It will be found ttiatithoWlmost opposed to it are impure. In Justice to all we hold dear, let us hold firmly to' that1 we have ' espoused. Mrs. Hannah Booth read, an address ni ' which, in soiled logicat argument, she helc t the truth of the posltibk in favor of 'plural marriage, and noninterference; alfo Mrs.' Amanda McEwan read her views bn; the subject endorsing the resolutions of the' meeting. Mrs. H. A. Beebe could not refrain from enter. ing her protest against the anti polygamy petition. Knew that the, religion of the saints was true and from (od, she had been absent from the Church some, 30 .year, and was knowing to the evil practices of the world; knew full well what was meant when she heard the women vating to our eex, making better women out of good, and womsn, of those who would be but babies all the days of their lives without Its lesson. We will bear our offspring In purity, and fill theie vales with God's children. May we prove to ourselves and to the world that our desire is for the elevation of our sex. Mrs. L W. Kimball said: I am the granddaughter of a man who fought and; was wounded for the liberty of our country, asd when I remember his bent form and stories of victory, I cannot bat claim my rights as an American citizen, and as one of the first to enter the order of plural marriage, having done so by the command of High. Heaven. The ladies of the East. would not persecute us if they really knew us J W have become inured to rrsecu- tion, but when our sex rise up against us, I feel grieved indeed. God, in whom we trust, will defend us if we Jive pure lives before Him. My father was wounded at the Hauns Mill mas aacre. I leave you to" picture the scene as he presented himself at our door with his wounds. My husband was mart red cut j this down in hi early manhood. Can I forgtt and overcome my feelings? Talk: of loyalty ' and nobility. Lcok at the wives before me, " who have stepped forward and ta'd, "husbands do your duty in obeying thls revelation of plu- will sustain you In doing sc;1' May God bless and help us in the discharge of the duties wo ow6 "ourselyts and 1 each others uaraie Daniels Tieaa a poem written tor ' the occasion by 'Mrs. Caroline Daniels, i MissrTennle Snao9tJ$ald,T am proud "to acknowledge my parentage las the daughter of a fourth wife. My father is a man whom I revere and love. We have rights that the country must respect. The t would deny us alt claims to them. They vie w it mat polygamy is not a portion of our religion, but they should know full w$U that it is an essential part thereof. It would be far better for the instead of coming -- here to oppose our religion; to stay at home and watch their own husban is, lest perchance they should not keep to the path of virtue. Mrs. Margaret N. Ddosen berry laid, the former speaker is my sis ten I love her, although she is not my mother's child; but she ral marriage and ! ;;,-- . . ::Ll!f: anti-polygami- sta antl-polygarals- - U-t- ts, UtU k. KiUa. -- 1 T- - til. 1, all the . ... T hTA ftrlr ..D rprrd m.nd nflhnffnn 1hfc for any and all of the balance of my sisters and brothers. I protest against any' Interfence in our family ties, they are endeared to us and I claim they are 'pure, and protest against the petition of the Many other tadies'iaisednlir "voices on the occasion, protesting "against. lhe movement ef the which threatened the "field "dearer than iJUaj $Jsel rights which they of The report the committee was then presented and the resolutions adopted by the unanimous vote of the ladies assembled. After singing, the benediction was pronounced by the wife of Bishop John Brown, and the meeting adjourned Bin die, A. J. anti-polygamis- ts. anti-polygaml- sts OBITUARY. - Died, at her re! lenoeorth Ogden, on Thursday, Nov. 14, at the age of;6G years, Susannah Hurst Mayeock. 'Deceased, while visiting her granddaughter on the Monday previous, accidentally fell, recti ving injuries which caused her death.. She: emigrated from England in 1849, and came to Utah In 1852. Bhe was an earnefct worker in the- - Relief Qcclety and Sunday School, being a faithful teacher In both from their first organization In this place. She was truly an able advocate and firm supporter of the principles of the Gospel. ' " Julia A. Wale, Sec'y R. s. North Ogden, Hot Spring District. ?t : HpYvrLl, Editor Exponent. Dec. 1st, 1878, Mi8sEmma Gunn died at Iloytfcvllfe, Nov-11878, of Epilepsy, agiU 15 3 ears and 6 months. She was a member of the Young Ladles' Mutu at Improvement Apsociation of HoytsvillcShe was a faithful teacher, and loved and respected by all who knew her. She was an amiahleroung lady, full of energy, and ever willing to anything that was required of her. We all (members of the Association) feel to mourn her loss and to sympathize with the 'bereaved parents. She died in full faith of a glorious resurrection. 4, M. E.H., Seo'y Y. L. M. I. A. A negeo womanMn Virginia, 71 years old. recently took it into her. head; to learn to rwjrwrite and cipher; so she entered a 8chool7nd regularly every day broaght ten cents which she paid to the teacher. She got along very well until near the close of the second week, when she "missed herlea-.bV?. and was Ignominlonsly keptln during o recess. :. ; 