r z. .THE; OLD AND NEW'YEAR.t.. tIv- -t j ,- v ; 1?: 'f i ; .Sitting alone, on this the last .nigbtof . tha vlrl vrar.. mv cogitations are somewhat peculiar;"; myiS mind reverts.'. back fq ;many qvents or tne.past year,,anq aiso in my past .earnest recouecuons ip iuo i, I iiigt fromt my prc3e1ro)e.-- tlt.Is. aVamiliar saying, that "coming events cast their shadows before;". n& to ny ,mlnd Itis',; nojes true', that pst I is bast their shadows behind; for ; cer-- 1 ' e.ven Mainly ! f'wV do a mean1 action it looms, up before us! fromthe dim.s mlat' past ;wlth! great" tromlnenceicastin'g a shadow1 of gloom , . 1 1dvtiyottf''Tedlnahd',p'ifttfn'a : "damper "it would seem" we BhouldTedl most cheerful and light:h carted. .t ;Xuavitigbeen taught 'from childhood to look juponr thef advent of a' new yfear as the ''V turning over of a 'new leaf 'ihr the bOok'of life, in which I should profit- by my past tr ' updri us, at5 times "when - ; , . ; experience, and .strive, to improve, my re-- 1 flections are, consequently, of a somewhat? serious nature. ; Though we all have pur peculiarities, and are constituted dlfferentlyjn rmnrespects, r and all differ more or Jesslrpieac,? olher Mn'oxperronceBtill I belfeye that pur nied- 1 itdtloris in their general ouljlnos,;at certain ' times rcsdinble cacli other tp! a greater or less extent, though they may vary greatly id -- thenittlo minutia) and; details; " We glance back over the past year and try to '"'safer up oar lives and conducf, and find out . how our accounts stand, and, if the balance Is in our favor, we feel a degree' of sattsfae- tlon which money cannot buy; butj ifthe i contrary is the case, we aro apt to feel that our timo is misspent, ana some, whose dls- - -positions are not the most hopeful, feel to despond ; this we' should not do, but it: Is never tod late to improve; thus we should take couragej and feel a determination Jo momihan make up for our past deficiencies before the next time of settlement Ourrmaxim should bo "never fallow anything which we undertake that is right and consistent ? The' grand secret of, the, .success of many people? Is pcrseve- ranee; atrong, decisive, indomitable will can accomplish much, especially if the n t possessing uthesov qualities, will allow t:herseir,ito be, directed hy the Spirit of God. We learn, by the teachings jwhich we re- -: celve, thatthqre ils abook of remem-- 1 t brance'tkept, in which is: recorded our ac-- 1 . "ttons, both gobd and. bad, while we sojourn heroin the flesh, and out of this book shall f , wo be Judged; andr this should be an incen-- 1 ,tivo tpd3 right, though it is certainly the only.one, for, the, path? ofiduty and j.not recti tude leads to happiness; and, more-- . oyer, we cannot enjoy rue happiness unless lives of honor and.virtue. u ': f . we do liv Llfe is, but short at. besti and; filled lup with cre, and sorrow, pain and sickness, for the most part, interspersed with here and , there a streak ol brightness, a ray of. sun-- ., shipp, with t a beacon of light in "iKo far, 1 dim distance. What to this beacon .jpf light? It is the hopo of a glorious future; 1 somctjijng which ;,we cam, scarcely under. stand, orj form any true conception of but which serve's to fencoaragetu3 foni in the Journey oft life.,,' Andwhat are the3e bright ..spots. inf our existence, which iehine Xortli vwith (suc glorious biiUianey, illuminating as would a ' ,thQ(.ness surrounding It,, strcjik ofiightning pn.Q dark night? They are the kind words and actions given and receivednd-it-isialdnn the" Scriptures, 13 more blessed to give than to receive," and It certainly has a bfesslng attending it, which; wheti once In possession of we could not bo induced to part with. A kind,, word cheers the lonely heart, and gives us cour- 1 -- ; . ' - . , i ; re-mem- ber ; . per-tso- . i t , . ; i f . . . r : . 4 ''It to-d- ay . as Is spoken of m seventh is that ?" very Psalm ) true,'1 was "Yes, " tho reply. After reading and talking with Brother mvv "ifeiiKiuc aBsea UOICO M"CP Majo " for some church bobs, which we gave him, and said he should go home, dispose of his property, anu qnug MMnvuuuy, oai m me ; spring. , He went away rejoicing that he had been so happily disappointed; I often think how thankful I ought to be that I have life and blessings with the LatteSaints. ;Wb en we realize this it r-day elevates our spirit, and, enables us to mount our trials. ;It is then that I can say to; myself. "Do what Is right, let the consequence follow; God will protect you' do what is right' As ever, your sister In the cause of Zion, ' M. A. Boice. . ! : ADDRESS OF THE. CITIZENS' ASSOCIATION, PHILADELPHIA, PRESENTED TO MRS. RUTfl. ERFORD B. HAYES. SUF-FRAG- E ii CORRESPONDENCE. , Oxford, Jan! 7th, Editor Exponent: , 1878. ; ; Like tho widow mentioned in the I wish to cast rin my; mite' with ,my sisters. Although living away out here in an almost Isolated , place, so far North that bur beloved sisters did .not reach us - to-4- -- :.-- . . i . exiles cast among the wild savages of the Rocky Mountains, fcc, is. it not all a cle that you find us as we are (hav. so much distress out of been brought ing me nunarea ana ' t ' age to bear up under the most trying circumstances, and lives In the. memory for. ever. ' Then is it not best for us, to do what . little good we can while life lasts, that we roay at least have the satisfaction of knowing that we have not. entirely wasted our time and the. talents with which God has endowed us. Are there any of us but has an ambition" tobeabte when we shall be called to leave this stage of action, be the time long or abort, we shall be missed by, some pne, that there, shall be some one in ;the wideworld who can speak a good word for us?; - f If we have anything against another, now is the timCto 3ave ifc righted, and; sUrt with a clean sheet, so that when we shall stand, as it were on the eve of another year, as we do to night, we may be able to look back with still greater satisfaction than we can at the present time, that there may fall to our lot more of joy, and less of sorrow, and that we may at last be greeted .with that welcome plaudit, "Well done, thou good and faithful one, enter into rest," , .. is. my desire. Kate AMA Br ;., i 1 t -- ! ; i i ;;;Answer-"T- he Almighty Father jworts miracles with this people; miracles are wrought by the pow of His Priesthood ; r : yr only." ; !;" said he, "I should ever see a mira- cle wrought, I could never turn frpm It and apostatize." I then said, "First inr th history of thi4 church from the beginnins ;to the present time its travels, persecutions, being robbed and Urjvenr and as ; ill I t M 3 'M n A ' 1 ? great opportunities as. well, for advancing human righ ts and correcting human wrongs. Tn thia liorht. f hav rAanopf fnllv oelr vtinr f:lV vorable attention io the subject of the right of women to a. voice In the laws which govern them and their property, and to which they are h eld am enable, to the : end that your word and influencei though unofficial, may prove, as frequently, happens, that the 1 ! I law-abidi- . ng Of things, you will admit, is a total denial of tho principles upon v which this gover, nment is based, and which, U notjremedfed, It cannot be supposed that "nien" in the Dec laration, of Independerice stands for one sex only and not for human beings, or that the "goverried," whose consent Is the only source bf just power; means that half who assume the position ofgovernors. This contradiction between practice and principle cannot be explained away, and,: far from being expedient, it is an unqualified evil, pervertinr and demoralizing to both men and women, and forms an insuperable obstacle to vital improvement in the character or social condition of the country.; The claim of custom is on the unjust side l- 1 ! ! , tchollv un Wnmfn represented in this government, the only class not g uil ty Of crime that Is taxed without representation, tried without a jury of their peers, governed without their consent; and yet even the opponents of woman frage must allow that in this class are many of the most intelligent, virtuous and ctlfzens, possessing all the r&quisite " ; A a: the throne itself." ":;;'i:--r-'7r'-'':j- r-,.- rl great responsibilities and duties attach, and Answer "Yes, we are what is termed ' Mormons." Quesiiott "Do you believe Mornaonism i as it use! to bo taught In the beginning?" Answer "Certainly we do!" ' Questlou "Well' why is it that so many 1 f apostatize from tho Mormon faith?'?: :Answer"Bocause tho Gospel is like the net cast into the sea it gathers tho bad and the good.", T then referred him to tho i parable of the sower of the seed.; ; it Question Well, do the Mormons work ! .miracles?!? ...';;,;..vCl.:..X..,-;-7.1-U.-:- . k-- i To those honored with a nation's trust ; ;:r ;' A.1M tion's good. ; , :ff. ' 5 ; 1 r'mons?,, The found among the' male iadylsers Of your respected husband Ihanybur own; and they can conceive of no crbod reason why this spiritual and moral worth should not be publicly recon ized and utilized for the na- i ' : coupled with that of the revered President's in the Introduction of social and other reforms, tending to moral improvement and elevation. They believe no warmer heart when pn their, recent Northern visit, yet we are trying to blend our works with those who labpr for the cause of Zion. We have on.hand sixty bushels of wheat, and some means to procure more, but there seems to be no surplus : grain here; as the wheat Altt ou OA' Unfit 1asl fnfl Tkn n!n4n (lnA(1 miucu uui tigui iaoi tan. iuq aisicia are liberal in their labors and donations, etc.; we labor under quite a disadvantage, - as many are living out ontheif farms. On the' first Thursday inL this month: at our monthly meeting, the article in the Wo-- ! man's Exponent, No 14f of the report of t the First Annual Grain Meeting" held in. v the Council Ucuse, S. L. City, Nov, 17, was read and listened to with much interest , The instructions there given by our beloved . Sister Eliza R. Snow and others especially the brethren, enlivens our energies in the wondertul work; in which we are engaged." Surely, as an Ancient prophet pnee said, it 7Js "a m x I few daysL sinca wp had & visit "from a xela tivo who resides in Oregon, formerly from Cauada. He soon began to ask questions, and 'said to ine, ''I suppose you are Mor- - To Mrs. Hayes Respected Madam members of the Citizen's Suffrage Association of Philadelphia desire to express the New-Testame- nt, "! - 