WOMAN'S EX P 0 N B NT. BY IIANNAH rj iKING . 7 .wen jovei barbingfrs trt HSpring! Tby glory's paeti Ihy reign o'er, " No mote stall I thy beauties sin : Tby lusciOTJS sweets inhale no more! 1 : IIow many ft moment of delight - Tby sweets beitowed thy presence gaw But now thou'rt fading from my eight : And passing to thy humble grave! iiii: ' 1 Tjs ever thus, with tbimrs of earth 1 The loveliest Ver the lost one is - But all must die that e'er had "birth -- ' ' l.:.r.. ': " , 1 11-m- ... - -- And Christ,' my God received my soult Then raise for me no "storied TJrn" y No gorgeous Temple be my bed, My nativ e earth upon me turn And plant the Violet at my head; There, like that sweet and humble flower : May I (the gravest cold winter past) Bloom forth again In Heaven's own bower When summoned by the trumpet's blast. Fait Lake ity, May, 1878. i- - . - April 8th, 1878. --' beast.1 --- y d.;Jv -- Your sister and felld w laborer in tho cause of Truth' J. E. i:-,:-- - 'R. - - MOLEN. S. REPORTS. Pandamus leaf, which constitutes the prin-- " cipal part of the 'furniture of a genuine Hawaiian house; they compose the floor,and by adding a few extra ones at one end of the room, they, answer for bed and and a smaller one' to spread down In the centre at meal time, is all that is necessary for a table; some few have tables but they are more for an ornament than for use They never think off spreading their food upon them and sitting around themVas we do. It is becoming .fashionable with the more wealthy to have a few chairs in tho room, but a native seldom uses one; custom mat or floor an easier seat having made the " for him. '. Their style of washing clothes is ;- d, - quite April 9th, 78. Wo were' reorganized in a' Ypuug Ladies' March Mutual Improvement-Associatio- n, 5th, 1877, by our Bishop, John Jardinc; ficers as follows. of- ' 1 A Marinda Homeiy Presidcat, : .Sarah Walker, Emily J. Homer, Sarah Clark, V Counselors. Isabel Morton," I Huldah Malmberg, v ;; Margaret Archibald;; 'I; J :;,7t;- ' ;, Mary A. Homeri Secretary, Agnes Jardine. Treasurer. our organizatiori. wo have donated j fiveSince dollars to the Salt. Lake, Temple; nine dollars to our new meeting house; and. are now trying- to do, spmethta ple at Logani Ourimeetlngs, are ten4eiitt!.lheDi', we feelsifellof the GospelWdesIreto Improve L spirit ourselves by refrain lng from that whlc we know to bo evil, by i tryirigf jt to ele Vato and cultivate pur mindsand" by ibelng united: r5 and doing all the good wb can. ' Wishing success to your rvaluable paj)er, .:; ; we remain your sisters in the Gospel, Marindat Homer, Pres't. Marv A; Home u, Eec'y. s . . " ; - - . and-enjoyhe-- -: ( -- Minersville, Beaver Co., Editor Exponent: 78. Apr-15,- ? I send you the Anriual Report of our So 1 : Co. Editor Exponent:"; T. p: - ciety, read at our Annual meeting, which shows our society to be In a prosperous conbushdition; wo have lkld up seventy-fiv- e els of grain, which we intend adding to as as possible; we are anxious to do all the good we can, and wish to try and carry out in a propet manner, the counsel that is. giv. en us;!;! We have commenced making straw hats and hope to make this business a sue. cess,, A short time ago tho .sisters arrang. ed; a dauce and picnic, and the ..brethren turned out and fenced our city lot wblch we intend setting out r. in 'mulberry trees as soon as we can obtain them, for we wish to bo one wtth pur sisters In trying to raise silk. Our society numbers fifty members we.hold our meetings' every two weeks and , when wo receive good counsel and instruction from our.prcsldent and many others of the sisters. ;We are3 desirous of doing all the good we can in this great work in which " J wo are engaged. ';. Annual Report din March-7187Donations to Temple........ $ , 24 75 DooatioW recci ved . "... ... 50 37 -- fa-i- t Maypield, Sanpete Editor Exponent: v Co., Apr. 28, 1878. As we have not yet given any account of our Society," we; aro anxious to do so. Bo. fore the reorganization of the Church wo were two societies; but we were called together at a special meeting appointed by Bishop O. C. Olsen and Counselor Henry Jensen,; and Thomas A. J Williams, and were reorganized into one "society on tho 2nd of August, 1877. We have fifty-fou- r members and officers as follows: SIna Neilson, President; : : ' ': 'Maria Olsen, ;' Counselors. ; C. T : Clabkston, Cache is ; bed-stea- IETi frost-bitten- be interesting to the readers of our paper. When I see the habits of this people tho old saying is brought forcibly to my mind, "one half of the world has but little idea how the other half ..live The males here, a 'as general thing, take what we call tho heavier part of tho- - house work, cooking and pieparing the food, and frequently do their own washing and Ironing.: For a:wo-ma- n to have a meal prepared for: her husband when he t returns from work -- would, to say the least, be out of the . common course of doing business here; not that the women are lazy, but it is not customary. Many of the women work in the field, and at many kinds 0f( out door work, to almost as good advantage as the men. They, make their own clothes, and sometimes their husbands. They are all good braiders, make their own hats, which are very nice and becoming to the people; and adapted to the climatejthey also braid a great many mats out of tho ! - very detrimental to this little place.. The verdure on our once evergreen hills and slopes, -- present an! appearance of having ,. been Such an extreme drouth has not been1 known for many years, which is causing much suffering both to man and ' : In my lastl? told you I would try: and glean some information concerning the cus, tomsand manners of this people,that would ; - ti izW Editor Exponemt: f , pf y . Laie, Oauu, Sandwich Islands, -- , twenty-threelbuls,J- tended the services Sunday morning, and gave attention to tho teachings of Elders J. 8. Woodbury, II. P. Richards, JV Gates, Jr., and M. K Hawaii, who bore a strong testimony to the truth of the. Gospel. Dur regular Conference here closed on the 7th inst , different branches on all tho islands being much better represented than usual on such, occasions. A good spirit was manifested by all, and much valuable in. struction was given Jo the ; elders both foreign and native ;- - : CORRESPONDENCE, : Ias ' Its pomps and vanities despise , Upheld amid its luring maze And when the hand of death appears Which. no vain mortal can control, And friends have, shed the parting tears We have a lot on the Public Square t which wo intend to fence and plant with mulhave berry trees as soon as wo can, wo also north a'Jot of two and a half acres on tho side of tho creek. Wo hayo ono hundred" wheat stored, and and some other meansinvour 'iTreasury. There are several numbers of the Exponent taken in this place, and .we aro ry cry much Interested when wo peruse Us pages. v May God bless and prosper all the Bisters work is that are engaged in1 the Latter-da:; ' ; the prayer of yours truiy, A AiWii.iiiAMS- Seretary , 4 Though thou art gone, on memory's page Thy modest worth shall pllng to me i .y. And thou through life, in good or ill, My humble monitor still shall be Like thee, may I in humble guise Far from the world live out my days nn in the work in which we aro engaged. different and much easier, I .thin k, than ours. Taking them to the brook or spring, they soakt them and t places them on. a flat rock, i sit down and pound them with a ntil tho dirt is put; pourings rstickystoneru clean water oven them: as they require it; but clothes washed in this primitive way " do not last as long as they do with our more mild treatment, yhis people are not epicures, they do not.require to be taught retrenchment, especially ;in their diet, as - their appetites scarcely over cravo more than three or. four kinds of food at the same meal. Pollis the staff of lit o with them, breael-i- ajus; Jthenext -- most pal atable viand is raw fish, and also cooked pork; after which comes what they call ex. tras, (sea moss) na we, (a species of shell fish) bannannas,etcy,on this fare any noble of the land could feast. Their habit however in ' irregular eating fre quently leads many of them to overload their stomachs, and is the cause, I believe, of much sick- - r -i ness among them. The District Conference for this Island. was held at Honolulu on tho 30th, and 31st ult., at which a great many of the Saints were present from different parts of tho island, as well as qulto a number of - unbelievers. Her Majesty Queen Kapiolani at. ADIEU TO THE VIOLETS. : Elsey Christcnsen, Jitta Williams, . i 1 . 'liJIatildalsen.llii!: r Sina Larson, Treasurer. l Secretaries. 4 We are most picturesquely situated in this vicinity; but rather In a scattered condition, a creek and a piece of farming land t being bet weeti tfio "settlenientJ We. have our meetings twice a month and enjoy ourselves together very much The largest town of our on lies the south sido portion of the creek, the TmeotInghouse being on that side, and wo ' havij lively good meetings, our brethrent meetibtf 'with us" occasionally and giving us enconnigemcnt to go ! ; . J 1 ! , : ',v,,,.'ivl"'-i:---'lv-l';J,i- 1 8. J v Property in; Society;....;....... Disbursements.,. ; ' " Balance in i 78 22 118 32 35 02 ; X' Treasury.. We remain your sisters in tho Gospel, Polly Anu Zebrlskla, President; : ; Sarah My res, ) Counselors Nancy Blackburn, h i Susan Roberts, Secretary, v Jane Corbridge, Treasurer.' -- V ; . 