THE WOMAN'S Editor. "WELLS, JSksUSUWE whom the bearinrwingTaDd intellectually developing the child rests, should be endowed with all the advantages of education and con- dition it is possible for her to enjoy? Can woman be- - too wel I q ualified for the position of mother? The highest and holiest relations of life should certainly be worthy our strongest '...effort, and clainj. our best thoughts. r It is customary to call woman a teacher, an EXPONENT. In Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms; One copy one year, 12.00; one copy alx months, 1.60. Tea copies for the price of nine. Advertising rate: 3ach square, ten lines of nonpareil epaee, one A liberal discount to time, 13.00; per month, f3.00. P Wished semi-monthl- y, regular advertiser. Old Constl-tollo- n Exponent Office, Boom No. 1, up stairs, Balldlng, East Temple Stieet. BoaineBS hours from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. every day except Sunday. Address all business communications to publisher WoMAn'a .Exroxmt Salt Lake City, UUh. ? 15, 1878. WOMEN AS EDUCATORS. A great deal is said blithe duties of mothers, and in many instances much blame i.i attached (o them for the Immorality, lack of honesty and uprightness, and want of high moral tone in society at the present time. It is said that mothers neglect their children for dress, to follow fashion and outrival their associates, m. a . MAt siinns 1 no . ru vium iiim iii.ii m men, and are unfitting themselves for domestic life and home education; and altogether that 'the times are out of joint,' arid as in the" days of Adam down to the present time it is wo- to-d- man's fault. "What we want is better mothers," is heard on every hand ; "those who are contented in their sphere, and not assuming more lights and privileges than belong to them." Are you so sure they have got all luelr rignts? "ceriamiy; haven't thy got n;en to protect them, to work for them, to nourish and cherish them? ' This answer implies a gre it deii and covers a wide Every one. ac area; but what nre the fact-quainted with the existing ttate of society in the world knows how far tbli is carried out in the lives of men and women. That there are of this, nature, solemn eovenauts too, promi-e- s all are aware, but how frequently are th y pro- faned and brofeen until tontuienco is jost, anu the very structure upon which society is based has become unreliable. The relation of men and women to each other is an ever underlying principle of the great human problem, which roaukind are all eogagtd in solving. It has bt come quite a common practice with people now-- dajs to cry out agaiust evils, from the pulpit, the platform, and the press, to denounce, to criticize and censure, all without offering any remedy that can be grasped by the multitude any potent healing balm for the many grievances and erro'fi that are con stantly beiug developed. When the imperative need of some certain element is felt, the mual method is to search for at d apply it. The world has become aware that there is deficiency in socit ty now that wants lemedylng, and they desiru better mothers. TJiedt8lre U good, and would no n doubt be of great benefit , bat what are the of the eex at this time, what the faclll- ? , a con-tlilio- Do men consider how touch they themselves owe to the if moth ere? Do it ey know that the who "duwn.lnto the dark valley of of death"to endow man with life, shadow cf the bore-theni-we- nt and in all tenderness she nursed, tended and cherished her offspring through a'l the Prils Incident to cbltdhood, which imply all eortg of toll and patlout endurance. The proudest man, in all hi might, and strength, and wisdom has the same peculiar history. Is it not iLdeed necessary that woman, upon self-denia-l, i HOME AFFAIRS. . We have on hand for publication reports "r o m Millvil le, Wetis vi le, G la r kst o n, Hy rum , Tooele, Deweyville, Honeyville, Wanship, Peoa, Holden, Qlenwood, Ephraim, Morgan, Bloomiogton and Santaquln; also poems and prose article; but we are always glad to re ceive contributions, that we may have a variety to select from. 1 The Quarterly Conference of this Stake of Zion will be held on Saturday. Oct. 5th, in the Tabernacle, commencing at 10 o'clock a. m. At the last Quarterly Conference, many of the sisters did not understand that they ay were expected to attend, but thought it was especially for the brethren; wo trust it Is not so now, and that the sisters will show their earnestness in the interests of Zion by coming out enmasse." The Conference will commence on Sunday, Oct. 6tb. The sisters will surely need no urging to attend Conference, although this is the season for housewives to be drying fruit, preserving, pickling, etc, but do not let these heusehold cares hinder you from attending meeting. Be so j udicious in managing that you can go and hear the teachings of ""the servants of God. Sickness or the care of little children, slould be the only real hin- d self-helpf- ul, ; Semi-Annu- al drances. We were favored with a call from Elder E i H. Pierce, of Brigham City, who has recently returned from a mission to the States. Although only a young man, this was his second mission He left here Aug. 2d, 1877, and arrived at home Sept. 14th, 1878. The first few months of his mission were spent in Iowa and Nebraska; afterwards he went to Pennsylvania, In company with Elder B. M. Young, where they labored successfully. Elder Pierce baptized, during 1, blessed his absence, 24 persons, 9 children, held 75 meetings, and organized two branches. In the former mission of Elder aPierce he baptized quite a number, making 33 ltogether S7 persons baptised, 21 children bksstd, 6 branches organized, and over 200 public meetings. Elder Pierce re' re-bapt- ized . prospects for a change for the bett i. true-heart- ed women, who Incur aud ridicule, opprobrium and frowrjs, who wounded at every step they take, $tili though press forward in the path of conviction, ahd seek to educate woman up to a higher standard of intelligence, Woman's part inline great programme of creation is not only an essential but a lofty one, and she should so consider it. "To bear the souls of men" and women. What greater honor need she aspire to, except to educate them In the path of duty. And the very sorrow through which woman passes in fulfilling tiii-- great law of her being, should make her a thousand times dearer to man, for there is a sacredness about motherhood that stand alone in its sublimity; and there is a glory attending it, of which the weakest and most unsophisticated of mother possess a timid sort of consciousness. of-hum- -- SALT LAKE CITY. SEP. educator; what the children imbibe in early lif strongly marks, or mars, their future; mothers are expected to lay the very foundation of virtues, on which 4he man, or woman, bases the whole edifice character; to be not woman then ought prepared, to be -qualified, to be surrounded with all the most favorable conditions for such an education as shall strengthen and endow her, physically, mentally morally and spiritually, for the high-es- t phase of woman's life Motherhood? But while woman strives to aid mankind, may she not be privileged not only to dispense but good around her own private hearth-ston- e, to others extend a helping hand: reach out to those who have not the same great Courage, the tame understanding, whose conditions, perchance, have not been to favorable to a higher life, or who may have been misguided? If even a little good can be done to others who are hnngering for it, or who stand in fearful need, why should woman be" debarred from crossing her own threshold in ber mission of good works. If there has been a great mistake degenerated, why made, and society is should not woman, in connection with her brother man, assist in regenerating? Is it not woman whose heart is agonized by the evils with which the earth is filled? Are not her maternal instincts strong in regarding the suffering of all humanity? Does not her bosom glow with a maternal love that is universal to tome extent, as well as individual! Can man redeem the world without woman's assistance? He knows he cannot; he knows that in connection with the strength and power of his manhood, woman's gentler and kindlier elements are necessary to a high ttate of civilization. In countries where women are only subordinate and servile, what is the effect upon society? A constant tendency to barbarism; Then, the more generally intelligent woman is, the more influeifce she wifl be able to exert through all possible avenUes, towards improving social life; then so much deeper, and high er, and broader, and stronger will hfr system of educating be. If society is ever to be elevated to a higher moral or spiritual condition, then the power of woman must be sensibly felt In its renovation. That the world wants better mothers there Is no doubt, women who regard sacredly the condition pf motherhood, women who make more thorough preparation for duties than they do to dance, or sing, or attract admiration, women who will choose their husbands, for their sterling integrity, honesty and uprightness. The large majority of women are not so. trained and educated, Our heart goes out warmly to those women who have much poverty and prejudice to overcome; they need sympathylirid Teaching, and who can be their educators, who so well adapted as woman herself, who, knowicg all the longings and need of woman t all the Buffering and pain incident to maternity, knows how to enter into the subject with a special inspiration. Men have no reason to fear the help of woman in of life, for if she becomes the great battle-fielmore capable of standing more alone, she will be all the better qualified to assist man in the many heavy burdens that devolve upon him. Let us not forget to thank all noble men who generously protect and defend women; and also all brave, turned In good health and spirits. Miss Mattie H. Paul, a young lady jus yearu of age, who has been setting type for the Exponent nearly fiveyer8 started for Ann Arbor University Saturday, Sept 21st. Miss Paul has been qualifycflogmediself for some time past in the study cine and surgery, preparatory to going Ea i, with the intentio n of pfecticg herself in i hese attainments. She has educated bersel economy, by her own energy, industry and exr and earned money to defray her college twenty-OD- e -. 