W.OMAN'S EXPO N ,B K T. ' ili, hvand two"ch I business to be transacted by the officers of Be-lie- f make Society it is hoped all that can will a point of being present to take part in its transaction. If the Secretaries will refer to the instructions given at the last B. S. Confer ence in this city and published in Woman's in Exponent of July 1, it may help theui caremaking up reports. They cannot he too orful and particular, but it should be done in . theiri exceeding v well rendered for amateurs, and an essay by Miss Josephine Spencer, on the subject for i which the entertainment nau been eiven.- which did her ereat credit. T he comic lUay of l,feodIes', constituted-tfiejapart of the evening's entertainment and we can but deprecate the felectionof a'play.bat portrays the drunkard without any object or moralizing but simply to be fanny. It seems tous that every person who desires to fees better state of society and correct; principles promulgated among the young should digeoun tenance the imitations of drunkenness upon the stage, unless there is good to be effected through the moral it presents. Monday, Wednesday and Friday morning, from 9 to 12 30. The Evening Class in Elocution and; Dramatic Beading, for Ladies and Gentlemen, will meet on Wednesday and Saturday. Classes in vocal and Instrumental . music, Jc rencu ana irawing, as jast wju ter. For terms apply to Dr. E. B. Fergut on i First Eat Street. The Ladies Belief Association for gather- ing means for the Yellow Fever sufferers held a meeting and formed Committees to visit the different parts of the city aDd solicit donations fur that noble and benevolent purpose. Among the active, and efficient workers are Mrs. Oliver Durant, Mrs G M Anderson, Mrs. Joseph Morrell, Miss Helen Golinski, Mre. A. J. Patterson and Miss Jot Spencer. Altogether they have collected up to the present time, Sept. 13, $925 which will be forwarded to the suffering South. The Hebrew ladies have also raised some funds. There has been one performance at the Theatre, Base Ball Games played, lectures given and other entertainments to accumulate means for this laudable purpose, and in this way quite a large sum of inonev has been raised and the work still goes on. r hair-work- silk-wor- m r,.,.; ''7yi:r4::ll ivfor the loom. that a report of motioned Mrs. E. D. Clarke ed Desert. The entertainment given by the Azelea Literary AsociaUon: in the Social Hall on Monday evening Sept. 9,'for the benefit of the Yellow Fever Sufferers was a financial the proceeds, we are told, amounting ecccest; to $13o! Tne. first part of the programme consisted of fcongiami select reading recitations, most of Meeting of the Utah Co. Branch Silk Association held at Elder Daniel Grave Park Gardens, Provo, Aug. 30th; meeting called to order by Prest. Mary Hind ley. Opened by singing and prayer. Minutes of the previous meeting read and accepted. Elder Graves stated the object of the meeting to consult about the. best method of obtaining means to carry on the silk enterprise. Gave an account of an interview he had with a brother with a view to purchasing a reel and other machinery for the working up of the silk. Becommended the brethren to encourage the sisters by their faith and means, that they may be enabled to carry the buslnoes effectually. It is necessary that the Association have means to buy up the cocoons, to that the sisters may not get discouraged but keep on trying to raise a little silk. Motioned that each ward get up a' petition to their City Fathers and- ask them to present it on .... . . to' the County Courtv Pres'L Hlndley spoke of several Items of Interest to tne members of the Association, and regretted the disadvantage of having no means to buy up the cocoons; v An amendment to the motion was made by Mrs. J. Durfaut, to the effect that a committee of three be fornjed jo ecb ward,-oof the . ' . ne . the Commitees be sent to Pres't; Hiudley.be-fothe end of Sep; Carried: 'I; : i - v Meeting adjourned until Oct. next, r re r . portions of that state, and spend a weekor (en days in this vicinity making notes of observation and writing for the N. Y. Herald from here. Mrs. H. expects to make some sketches of the ruins and curiosities of Southern California, and also write an article upon them for Bcribnei's Monthly, to which she is already a contributor. What opinions she may form concerning Mormon Women, remains to be known through her articles. She seemed anxious to hear of the travels and hardships of the early settlers here, and her eyes fllled with tears when she contemplated the sufferings by these heroic women; and Bheremark-e- d 4f trial, persecutions, hardships and crucifixions will entitle people to salvation,' then your people have certainly carried it." She marveled as many others have at the wonder--f- ul work which had been done In settling the -- ;n . coons and eggs to the .'valun of six irs, also one and a half lbs. of silk reeled style of a former correspondent who paid Bait Lake a visit of some weeks last year. Mrs. H. is a lady of exceedingly pleasant manners, an intelligent face and Sympathetic eyes. She is attractive in conversation, and is no doubt a clever writer, as she seems to possess the necessary requisite?. Her stay in this city was limited and she has gone on to California, bat will return here again af ter a short tour through - - and 5 oz. eggs Ue4lntWtwtitemen' Mrii. Hardy, of F&jBon xep UTAH COUNTY SILK MEETING. be a Territorial Fair held in Salt Lake City under the auspices of the D. A. and M. Society, In which the ladhs are solicited to take part. The'following Jadies have been appointed a committee to take charge of i th dpnartmpnt nf wnmun'j nrm-lt.t cilia M. Staines, Mrs. Sarepta M. Hey wood, Mrs. Priscilia Jennings, Mrs. Abba Bumell, Mrs. Ann Dewey. The ladies of the Belief Societies are solicited to contribute silk and other goods which are manufactured by them, also all kinds of fancy articles, ornamental r needlework, drawing, painting, or any of these classes of work," as well as domestic manufactures of all kinds. The ladies of the Territory should take pains to aid In mak-in- g this Territorial Fair the btst that has ever been hf Id, and will thus be conferring a public good by contributing to encourage home productions and horae-talen- t. The Fair will com. mence Oct. 2d, In the City Market. - 'Jf E Hard acre who came hero as a correspondent in the interest of the "New York Herald," We had been informed previously that Mrs. H. was coming to write sensational letters about Mormon Women, something in the en-dur- - " S0QO D Graves stated that there; mulherry trees planted out this teVMintih County. Also; reported wibfficoc&itifc' tbIUdjjct-men- s ed in Provo this season,' aid of spun silk prepared for, the, loom." Wooley of Pleasant Qroyert'jSP-coon- s We . had a pleasant interview with Mrs m There will - , the COCOODS, UP . this season. -- No. of WE have received with the Sept. the" "New North West" an interesting and Port-ion- H ably edited woman's paper, published in bv Mrs. A. eJ. Duniwav. a sup- J(uv, Hrptrnn.J the plementto the Portland Bee containing invippeech of Senator Mitchell, delivered by tation of the leading citizens of Portland at New Market Theatre in that city, on Saturday evening Aug. 31. Mrs. Dr. Ferguson begs to announce that on5 Monday, September 16th, she will open a SELECT MORNING CLASS for LADIES, for instruction in the higher branches of a compre- 5 DUY and purchase the necessary machinery etc., which was carried unanimously." " Mrs. Crompton of American Fork, reported SO lbs. cocoons and 4 oz. of eggs' raised there r. i st der. Rnhfifirlntion to a fnnrl Mrs. Hiudley, Pre& U Mrs. E. FEATiiERSTbNi:, Sec'y. T T OBITUARY. Died at East Mill Creek, Sept. 2nd, 1878 of consumption, Lilian EdnayoobgesC daughter of John and Autf Kengnelyealiye 'There no flock however well attended, 1 44 But one de4 Lamb id there . Is . : To those who mourn let me Bay, thai time will accustom you to Lilian's absence," y6u will never forget her, you " need" your thoughts, but you ' will flodvotHer duties supplying the plaw of Ihoseyoun her. I know4t7niay seemc but our Father has" placed 1 u's "hereaflud our happiness in ; blessing those around us, fisd jf he takes any of the dsar jobectaaway, heaJg-nlfle- a by the act thatour du tieatotljeso are flnlshedr Oil we bate aIcpTessyfiitW lay our loved ones In the arms of Rod ud fedl in the depthsf our soullthaiall them. We know that We shall sopnrmeetiliern again; never to part. Were Uliari absantrom her mother here : upon earthy eUeioiild liatd constant fears that tome ill ' mighV' betide haV, but now she kiiows that vftrjatf iitiilfttiuhh. hill$ilth 4 herimm6rtalone.i-W- Ci irSfxU:b We have to, recprdv tle, dgmiseef aoUxf r faithful Sister qhrlsUna MIUer, who died lof heart disease at her residence: Sept 7th in this city. Deceased twas born::4n;XFnmkiltf iCov -- Pennsylvania --Marches thl818; fralgmfisl .to Utah in the hand wcomf&Xiit'. reached the :clt: !nvoodhelthaLd'YDlr!ti; 'r she to Joiced in Its principles; arid wai'true ?alth-- f ul to the sameJ i President 7Angus Mf. Gannon preached a most edifying and'dfmgoljnl'dis-cours- e at her funeral, applicable and' cdmfort-in- g to all that heard it.1 He spokof Visiting her in hei home In Pennsylvaniafand ;of her kindness and hospitality to the Elders Whenever they Visited iheV WitherithV' ever found la quief and; peaceful; nomVjthatlshd died in the Lord "and her ' workV "wiirf iotiaw ber.,,i There was a large assemblyf friends Was-devote- d ad topay their latt res flcd;jth:thev cfSM hearse to. the eAtdiimint' cemeUry, V the Bishop, and other prominent men.ln Authority attended. ; . Pies. Cannon; rfiad; lew appropriate and closing remaik.lLet"rnaiIIt thedeatU of tfce rigbtebus: 'Ameiu-lv:- :- - 