179 ' " rsoon comprehend tho true position of things,-an- a Forth EPONEKT. - . it; will no doubt place Mormon women upon another piano in the estimation of tho . good people. "of Monmouth Co.,! New Jersey. .Every courtesy that puld ;be px valleys, forst .there'tiud ev'rywhere, Steals, athwart the' mind find senses 'lflce the breath of In the meadows, l ' pray'iy ' - tended M',And a buoyancy of epirlt, gladdens heart and home. fur iug ouubuuiw w.mkw Human hearts aH Hgfiterr H?n While ihe birds finrsweeter,' s yr.w "r'b'iip, ,?r k-- v ti. ri Intbe;ro8ydawnlnr.5j,.;j 4'prll morQtniri-- 7- come, 1 .- goo:ith it will ' , ers. ; , : - . , .... . ... ' .. Soothing with a rareness, Bora of tearsand showers, ., . Oarner'd in the flowers. , ' - ::. ,. " ' : i, 1 , ,. 7, I 4Un - - l..S- i XT'.-- . i:hut only the ricrlit of fraDchise, that they are conof re- - to send4 out a to " convert the poor deluded Mormon women, and that money would be a' necessary 'consequence ' of his resolve; a meeting was called for the sole purpose of obtaining sufficient means to bring the lady hither on this special or. ' rand! What peculiar ideas they must en; V terrain of us as a people. VHi How lull of Christian philanthropy these J ? i m . : ; . t. - itto ; i ; y e sep what Jias been dpnp in fiftyjyears; -- ' how fligh t a pros ppct .o f l,such a y laioir in fhn fuliirot ... Whn nrn tn,lw. mon nf timl. uccbrd- - 4 . , J. i i J nn irift ftKiRivnik-s-. urn lnimfino' nr.nn mpre r. at ,.''..i.:; wnoi arp spenuing ine bireeisnoiyou ypur .time with boisterotls 'cpm'pa'tii9nsy:Yeatlng, - - at-j--a.- ' ' :- .. J ; i . -- i- - B iriidnisht oil over Sue and 'Paul Eugene d6niCockhotyou who frequent the; bowling salbonsand :: ;;N6 you must pass through al'dif-- i disci bend irebt Dihe:r vbu!must down tho f r undivided herffies of your ardent soulsi to perseveringjuuremittingdhd ! laborious study. You must acquire an intimate and thorough acquaintance with tho world, disyou1 who' aro wastibc: (ho bar-'roor- as. tolH8h - orgin,? and rwe it.r They some- . ; ; !!ndV;wiBare jectioti to His laws; and' ivo cad; With His assistance1 ovprcdme selfishness and jealousy, and3ewilllngf for others to' enjoy eaually'with 'ourselves; U then : We i4n be appy,; loving themand their children. ' I trust I' maybe the means of doing some little good iff al laying prejudice t hat has " . s century." ; : jAtV j Sayypu that you have, no time for this? aic:uiuco ut lull ( tuak (UU j tuut juui uuuia tho. counter, and tho mill do-.- " ' workshop, mand your; "time'?, So they do, but that toil ill indurate rnind as well as body It is the union" of' manual and mental 'toil.,' that makes the iron men who grap the mighty thiriers'of the universe. Yon indnlr'ni5nn " idle whim. ;' The mind cahbe revolving weighty things while the hands are in motion. In your leisure, even if it be in the i? silenthbur Of immortal feed r mind with food nighty of if, the and the hours worthy of toll will be cheered by the light of the intellect. The mighty mind of Franklin - f J - ; heathen in our " views,, and uncivilized in pur social life. Well we shall be very glad to enlighten; their minds on these and oth. hitherto existed1 "towards us. I find that er subjects, through this lady missionary, their prejudice is born of ignorance; that and we- will guarantee she" will go home a where there is a better understanding of" much wiserr woman than when she came. things the people are inclined to be Just to In a countryrwhere women .have j the Suf--' -- accord ito.us our rights asrAmerican citi-- i .frage, and organizations .of improvement zens.: I also find . that; the pure and? good . among? themselves, where a have ithe, least ,to-,- . say j condemnatory of our they publish i :to devoted paper specially the interests of principles, which, is, a great; proof that we the women of tho Territory, where every" are .right. u I beliove there are manv honest f? hearts, here,rwhp iwuldobeyth.Gospel: if "for" their "advancement and progress it ; liYr rK,it v .wp itiiorupu mem., many seems as if they, would be .wholly thein never jsaw' a tatt'e.ay Saintpre-- . capablo of determining for themselves," on matters K.Xlf51130 seeing .mei. I,' naVe many times .of 'religion and of judging of. thp true and t wondered why there Were never any JEIcIers false. ',""' 7, ,;to ;this regidh'Tof wevread7thht.This It - the 'good lady' comes, iiero: honest in ;:ent Gdapel must, be preached toJ e' very creature her desJres for our;sgTritual welfare eh o will ' before the end snail xxjtrje ' '; - - . ' " -- - gaverbifth' to sublime imaginings,: even - t . 1 , , - . cover tho hidden intricaciesiiof humaa v: character, - and acquaint yourselves with the operation; of natural laws. mYou must bring, truth from chaos to the golden sun. light of ordpr and system. vThis has been the work of tho mighty.rninds, ot .the Jast spfit . .means .to: correcting our , errors, and rei forming our morals. What their - ideas may: be concerning us we are pot: prepared to say, but presuming from the fact that we need women missionaries from! abroad, one would suppo3e they looked upon us as "; top penetrate 'arcana of ;natttrej and , he -- ofodivioe would:iiot desire j V I times. iook; at me. as though. tiiey almost . doubted? the sepse, of their own hearing, . :Wd come to the conclusion uthat wo finally, must be differently ..constituted to'the rest is t3f the worId?i;'lJ tell them nbt becauso we. knowtbat! God has commanded, onnwArvajA r u aii. B. vrjf AMIO VAlCi fl h parted People. sterifJ resolv a .came7ere, wprairfound V know- x v ClrA VV V from the foundation: of tlievworlditj :Provo the nobility of rypur: natures, bydeeper 1 ingin to scientific research, ,bya higher w !? v 'f,.uiuv) hiivi, ntuyf jfuiiu. ut hought;, Shall the mind,of.tbe sicpeeding iiage, lie;: charged wUhj eflfpminacy: or jmbe- - 7 their willfTthaW : m ,rf . vnn th 9 if (anna U J lC7 oil WV1V1V hofrtraimn 1U.HK JUU still fartherjintoi the wprld thatJtheiwomenf of Utah are not kept, or forced, to Jive in. that arder against ry mm tn tfnn lei purposondla elestial MARBlAGEbearing. testimony to ' rl r mutth ha n Jf W14 great railway of time, rushing - ; elHJlljat Crea rrw mvwl O mvm.A Hr tm. !- - filled? What mean those telegraph posts and .wires? those cars and boats-- those fast anco with the SPripturcsi still their faith is not Very strph g i n t hat 'good bl d book. ": I haVo been asked inauy questions con cerning our faith and practice, all of which I have end eavored to ans wer - truth fully, to the bes V of my ability." "1 5 take particular -pleasur in talking on tho principle of C- ,5 - of lUltll o ttto I lLKJ vy phi-IbsophersT- lthe .-- "theydo deny biitVthatur priHtiplesr are: In - an i ro vrvti J VU "gives you aIease of it! rYolee'ilhe staf esmenj'and the iteachers of the present, tiino-ar-e their places to be v e ,J strained to resort to some method deeming us from the'bondage. in which wo are bound. They have decided to send ua missionary; to show, us the error of 'H.out wayiV'and help to redeem the Mormon ' "women from their load of sin and degrada tiorij At the Presbyterian Church on Grav. iady-missiona- Tho IfU.V rnrll am treated as well as I could possibly, be' if rI did not belong' to th e There ;a 1 i beral f eeli n g Mormot) s. ' Jjmanifsied't6war people, although I I - tremplv flrtxinus Rhout our Rnlvatinn. t.hnvv feel pur condjiuon as women citizens to bo . " find, xvh I rlinrr; nnsfc th n . -- I -- ua9 i A WOMAN MISSIONARY. COMING. f-t- Art .m j'-wy are on-th- o v. - BLOOMfiBUKG, COLUM BrA CO, PENN, I r March il 1878. vbj;; Editor J VMS i .- " - r r hat tfreou: doing for the improvement- A vmir-'m'tnV- - - '- ' if ! my husband's relatives Who reside here. All was new; andlstrangento me, having been beared in Utah. 4 X had the pleasure of. t - iravetiDg-wit- h jour honored Delegate,jand his family. Haying, a desire to see the city in which the jaws ..of ,our nation arp made, I accompanied them to Washington. I was delighted with the beauUes -- of tHat great Symbols of life's passages through the shadowtd years- A Palth' In Odd doth ' Forit.usher3 in theApraygtT'. . , spring;. When new life Is on the wing, !, ' 'Mornings all ablaze with eplendor, ' rt'dironfri '.'Hi" t"oAa tr rtolA tanHta" ' I V I HIV anil MW W . - - irtf V :l:Ziojn2dnJh(LL7thjjfaft "'"V -;tears, - V -r, .'- aJ.--EXp6neKt:4 ;iPerhaps W few lines from this part of tho land may not be u ni n tercsti n jr to your read ' ers.1 I 'left my horrio and; loved ones in -- ,,Bahny. breath of fragrant April's erer leDgth'ning.days, .Throbbing pulses bounding faster withJta sunny rays; Clouds and sunshine ever playing as with smiles and ' .''.. ': ' ;:; " e. A FEW WORDS TO, SOUNG MEN : Breathing life and gia'darcss, ' Into hearts of sadness, ., tfeymve already and 'mayl'ftisr bleingafcon-tinuwUhyou and all who labor for the spreading ..oi; tru ana right.eousness upon the earth, is tho prayer of your siser,Vv In, your' labpifs; J FA -a ... ; - ; . and : is welcomed as a messengef iof. light and peace. Every word that comes from Z!lon is fraught with the, deepest 1 I feel that wo. have just reason to bo proud of Tpnr ow been 'inverted' t6 the!truth andthey-npt only believe bat know that the principles they have' espioused; including CelestialJ Jtlarrlaffe are-o- God and not of :man, tears, verdant- PdurTnr forth weefTenffi' of Tjfaisrin-natUre- 's . . . ' "UUI ID) And with fresh life Imbuing, trees, and shrubs and flow " TIift Exponent comes to hand.recrularlv. little-papersyhichgr- if she' comes her in lady-rriissicmaV- :Jverting'll6rm8ti womeri, fl ? JJriichtenInk earth, with smiles, and . refreshing this; ;1 . , ; touslfent UrTyTsTrtrt ' i -r- while at IhoompositoPs case and the piessman's? lever..1 !illearn to think think deep-l- y that you may actiwisely. Selected, i - ;''-'r- ' ; . 'Those'.'" who; :tlliu' deeply; v'feel'' conse- -. n qu ently mp'rb acute.y in pr jportion. 