WO MAN S . EX P 0 NE NT. A LITTLE CHAIR. OhI the children, happj children, Smiling everywhere I go; gome as brown as Autumn's berries, Some as fair as Winter Snof. Some frith eyes as blue as morning-Some with eyes as dark as night. , with faces strangely thoughtful, Some with faces Etrangely bright. And th while I gayly greet them Back my heart returneth whero, In my room amongst the flowers, Stands a baby's little chair. Borne But, alas! the laughing darling. Thatin precious by-gdays . more will never cheer me, Sat there, With his pretty naughty ways. Cunning feet placed on the table When his noontide meal was o'er Cup of milk poured on the sugar, Spoon andjfork dropped en tho floor. " Then when "mother's" face grew cloudy Little arms around me thrown, Little bands my cheeks caressing, Sweet lips pressed upon my own. Ob! the children, happy children Yes, Imeet them everywhere: But at home amongst the flowers, Stands a baby's empty cbai r. , Selected. j en -- WOMAN'S voiqj;, I sometimes. feel it almost a cluty devolving upon mo to transmit sonae of my rambling thoughts to paper for publication expressive of my gratitude to my Heavenly Father, for his mercy and goodness towards me and mine, who are invariably blessed with good health, and a goodly portion of the Spiritjof Uod which teaches and guides us in the path marked out for us to follow; but I have refrained, fearing, though per. haps foolishly, that my sisters might deem mo officious,, or desirous of being noticed, but as notoriety is not a charartA my nature I withhold my pen no longer in a good cause, and ever pray, that I may live the life of a Saint and perform those duties which rest upon me as a mother in Is rael. I do desire my children to become bright and useful ornaments in the service and kingdom of God, and also willing and obedient to their earthly parents whose constant prayers are for their good that they may lay claim to the blessing of life as promised in the 5th commandment. The Gospel was introduced to me in London in 1862, by a zealous man who subsequently became my husband, emigrated to Utah in the last hand-cacompany in 56 and entered the holy order of Celestial Marriage in the spring of 57; have had twenty-on- e years experience in the of the mountains, and feel thankful valleys for my standing in tho Church of Jesus Christ and for a husband who delights in the principles of the Gospel, and who is honest and Justin his dealings with all. I have not been favored in Zion like some, with earthly riches, but I do not feel to repine, for I have blessings which far exceed the Lord has enriched mo with athese, for and appreciative heart, which were grateful it possible,! would not exchange for all this world's goods. I try to gain knowledge and wisdom that I can lay-u- p treasures in heaven where rust and moth cannot corrupt, and pray that my mind may become fruitful . rt fmL anin y memoiy refreshed that I may Whih 1 d and wff a lasting benefit mtay I GosPel fLrej01fe tthe dispensation principle of Plural Marriage knowing lt is of divine tendencies! itsMan coultf Land,rlfying would ho deviso such a societies that were ever formed,; Said we ouuuiv u uo xQwarueu lur our lapora wnein-e- r they were all reported or ..not If we keep the Comforter in out lxsoms, wo should always be happy and the labors of life would be pjeasaut. and we would realize that we were working for a purpose,' Every onq would have to ; work out, his u her salvation and ono could ; not do the work for tbe3tb"er, Urged the sisters, if iher was ujr wu wuu uau not jomea tne society to do so and they would find it. of. great benefit great and grand design as the lord has jn for the unview, 'tis too pureand"god-!ik- e godly to trifle with, and1 1 am thankful for it that a righteous seed may be raised up to rule and govern upon the earth, under the j urisd iction of the Almlgh ty Creator, that his purposes may be finally brought about which are destined to redeem mankind. 1 am one alone out of a large family and have quite a list of my genealogy when the way opens for me to officiate for my dead relatives, and friends, and as a, sister told me I am as a Savior upon Mount Zion. I am also thankful for the societies and associations formed among women, and that , ; to them; it is woman that gives tono to society, hence she , should seek to improve in everything that is The success, of : the Relief Societies i n much to, the interest of the brethren as to the sisters. The Lord has offered us the , nohlft-anriwwi- rranraoirate therein and trust they will answer the pur. pose for which they were organized, and may we strive to, improve pur moral and intellectual worth is my earnest desire. A. TATE. ' : " ; highest glory in.the Celestial: World, and revealed unto,us the law by which it could be obtained, "Celestial Marriage and if man a that people thought who bad been sealed to one wife only, could obtain tho same degree of glory as the man who had received more and was faithful, they would find themselves dreadfully mistaken: and tne man mat would not obey this law could not become a God in the Celestial Kingdom. She exhorted the sisters to read the Church works and other useful books and to avoid man ciass oi reading that would be no benefit to them; recommended for the Y. L. Association to introduce home reading and report in tfieir meeting?. Said if Zion did not become we.iwould suffer , Goshen Valley, May 28, 1878. Editob Exponent: I want to say a few words to the sisters through your columns, in my humble way of writing. I am thankful I have tho priv- ilege of being numbered, with the Saints, yea, the greatest dispensation of the world. Dear young sisters let us consider the Importance of the times we are living in. Let us be prayerful yea, pray always, that we may be prepared for the changes that are to take place here on, the earth, even for the coming of our blessed Lord and Savjpr. Let us seek to be found worthy to receive the blessings the Lord'has in store for the faithful. My dear young friends consider it Is you that wII by and by have the responsibility of bearing off this king- dom. There is a great work to be done for the dead. Weread In the Scriptures; We cannot be made perfect without them,1 nor they without us; then let us be wise for now is the day of salvation. Sisters cease to follow after thr- fashions of Babylon, make your dresses Weat and comely that you may look fit for the society of holy angels. This is the way! would like to raa my daughters dress, and all the young la. dies in Zion; then I think our Heavenly Father would smilo upon them. I pray continually that the spirit of the Lord and His blessings may rest npon all the sisters, especially the young, and that wisdom m ay be imparted to the sisters from the Lord that they may have understanding. Let us honor our teachers and those who areln -over authority us; girls honor your mothers as your guardian angels. Let us counsel and comfort one another. It is good to go to a sister and friend when we are in trouble or sorrow and receive kindness at their hands and consolation from their lips God bless every humble and faithful saint is my prayer. Jemima Brown; : off "WWMiMMBW MEETING OP RELIEF SOCIETY. Mt Pheasant, June 23, 1878. On the stand were Sisters Eliza R. Snow and Zina D. Young of Salt Lake City, Mrs. Amelia Goldsbrough of Nephi, Mrs. M. A. and Mrs. Aired of P.Hyde City, andMrs.ir0ns of Moroni, alsoSpring Mrs. Morrison President of the Belief Society of Pleasant, and . her Counselors. Meeting was called to order by the President. Opened by singing prayer, etc.' Miss E. R. Snow arose and said she had looked over the financial pleased with them; the Joseph had said that whenever: thoProphet church was fully organized there would hn n0nof would cany out the will of the Lord, they would become tho most glorious : , r.Ihy oitl- . ! tiLLiw . ng uuuie mat we .would bo cut , 9m Babylon; also recommended, tho setting out. of mulberry-tree- s and the rais-iDol isilk... Related. a visioa;given. toa ff certain vouncr mnn fnratiori this ds,8S,' tnat "will come 'among ' ' V ' trsr Zina D. Young wag next Introduced to the congregation and 'said: We' should strive to imitate the love and goodness of our Heavenly Fatherrand l it all around us; it was no doubt right for the Lord the rising generation so they - V ; , self-sustaini- 1 1 - It tc-tr-y might have a chance to show whether they . 11V noin4.beiDS tempted, but in falling temptation. She presented some fine specimens of silk cloth: d m A M m - - W M M. M.3LM ' K mread, etc., all of home production. : Hoped the sisters would patronise the Woman's paper, the, Expont, and read the good instruction therein contained. . Miss E. R. Snow felt to acknowledge the "S?? 5? the Territorial trendere frfif- - y tho ladies of this PIac in the fine specimens of workmanship forwarded by them; related the establishment and pro. gress of the Woman's Commission Store in yoiing sisters to Exponent arid accustom themselves to writing generally. Mrs' Morrison made a fewTremarks desired those who wished to subscribeand for the Exponent to hand in their names, several responded. A vote, of thanks was Snow and !rs ZlVu they had made us and Young for for and valuablejnstructions wo had the rich received ' ' irom thorn. - to John Tidul! - bow n - j .. . ana. vm. no wueu upon a wiK ,f 4 -- .gnqocLin fewj-emark- s lZd? li5tenln: to ithbld! their words ' lQ xAGeii ' of encouragement. ' .y" hnrTVSeeIy made a fw remarks and to Profit by what they had from the sisters. Singing, and prayer by C. N. Lund. -;M;: IV C; MOEEISONi VresL B. LOUI&E' Hisr rw: Rm'v: : ex-thfJ,e0- 1 pIo 