11-1- II i I 1A. vii I I v if 1 . Ml v -- i 11 1111 tll'lll ' in! t u i vy if - r IIIV hx ii i - V I V i I chord' Tbypltoosi!aui(nljjg!liclnto which taia would breathe rt pl Withia myeoult If I perchance by some low! gentla word t r, . Mlbt help to soothe thy spirit's yearning cry ; For well I know that doubts bring dire unrest , , j, ; And naught in common should they have with u? , For bow by faith in God, can we be blest, Unless we yield to Him in perfect trust. That man has carped, and warped a woman's sphere, To suit bis selfish needs, is too well known, , Yet galling though it bo to woman's car is her own, must Wo admit the fault part For has she not with free and gracious Svill, . -Such service rendered to the ones beloved, Nor counted costs to future ages, till Man tbinks her lack of agency is proved. Dut sister, do not shrink from Ileaven's decree, came the world to save, 'Twas Christ the man-chil- d Thine Elder Brother died for you and me That we might rise triumphant frbrn the grave. Methinks that he who brings tho clayjp life .Mnstnot be far removed from Christ's Estate To Jvmm!Ji &teter, friend or wife Ani pilot thorn, through the Celestial gate. ghould be to whom thy love and truth is given (And his to thee) should he I say aspire To be as perfect as the Lord in heaven And call thee forth from death, wouldst then seek ' ' higher? O breathe no thought of doubt la thy babe's ears' Nor tell her thy chafed heart's bewildering fears, Break not the magic charm of Infant trust, Nor sow the seeda of canker, moth or rust, -Dut gently plant love's own Immortal germ, Too soon hard lessons she .will have to learn And teach her trust in God's unfaltering1 will, she may nobly fill. That her earth-missiThough tardy justice may be long delayed, Our cause no longer lingerjs in the rear, f And Woman's onward course can jxot be stayed, Though man, reluctant, turns her plea hear, And la that life where we may hope to gain A respite from this world of pain, .. Metbinkg where ail is holy, pure and free, ' ; "Ourjaights" will sink in Perfect Liberty.'' QutBT. April llth, 1878: : . on HEALTH AND DANCING.. Kext , to . moral Vnd ..religious j virtues, :, . health should be regarded asthe greatest, blessing we can claim from God. And ono Of our sacred duties is to prize and guard this precious boon,, as pne which through" carelessness or I mismanagement, may . bo easily. and.irretrieyably lost. sl The Jndifferextce 'shown. by 'many, espec ially among;the young, to the importance of! preserving health, j must be grievous in the eight of that kind and,. merciful Father whose will it is to shower blessings 'upon His children. Yet, the majority of sins in these respecta.are,; doubtless committed ig. norantly; hence the marvelous goodness still extended which preserves life and prevents injuries in thousands v of cases where unseen or unheeded dangers threaten.; Still, nature's laws aro. most impera-tiv- e and save in instances bf special proviIn all ordinary; dence, must bo obeyed cannot1 be jcases they broken, whether ig: , . ; -- -- norantly or otherwise, but the transgressor : must pay the penalty. How carefully should our young people' be taught concerning these things!. How ; X 1 k. r , i 111 I j - l I II fl 11 II ll;i.,-...l- 1 ii IV ay ejn i m i i MAY . : II I I 1 I VI. II I - w i V V-- 1 I A I ' S s I I ! - 1 1 I F A I 7 u-i- aj-i . i. 1 , - m lr 18- their minda. bo impressed with a sense of the extreme folly and ac-- u tual sln .of ignoring the laws of health d eeply should ANSWrEH -- TO 'QUESTIONING s'? IN EXFQNENT : i : OP- - APElti 1st." , IV SALT LAKE CITY,LUTAn TO LU 1) ALTON. -- ' IT ;. n . 76. -- I : m f i j ii i - ;:'NoTirSft-Ia- ' - :fraU,Jweakly women;idti theiralives, iand doubtless shorten their days , and retard -their usefulness. It may be considered by some, that it should be sufficient to tell young .folks , IS ',1 They should be brought to learn and profit by Jhejexperiencorof l others as far as possi- thatirgoodfoHthem and;yfhatisiltkcly ble, and not lefOo risk life arid healthin--- to prove hurtfuHutthia4a7ia6t-Jufflcien- t gainin g knowledge for Hhemselves.-- - True, as-- ,$reli "as for most older people. The j many things can only be realized and un. derstood through practical experience; but the young, are liable to givi tpolitilp'at. a great deal that is useful and necessary in tention to the care of health, and to Violate the laws of nature. - j For j this . reason if for life, the young may, obtain by observation, no other, they !,shouId exercise; fgreaX pareflection and giving heed to the admonitions of their elders. tience in teaching the youth, J)f;:: :Inez. ::'';'7' r In the olden times, when our grand-- ; Vj!! : mothers and of wo and abilities ambition whose fortitude, , NOTES d hear" such wonderful' stories were t hundredth part of the giflsiroti Mes.1 C amfb ell a. lady" lecture k'riSwn! gayety and fashionable amusements f that to fame,' has been lecturing ori even now exist in society were-knombnth ; in some . of the I most' ,ccservatiy e1!1 thought of. Dancing of any description old towns of Mass., on: Wokan's Suffrage.; ; was but rarely engaged in; round dancing The Woman's JournaiynaUudln' m the ' or waltzing, in this country, was as foreign , fact, and speaking of Somerjset sal4 it was to the minds and habits of the young as at first doubtral whethetli the moon is from the earth. It is strange receive even? respectful ccslderatlon. At-r that youn women in these daysj who Taunton, MrsCampJteH wasto so much strength and vitality in danrstian T delauspices of the Woman's cing and whirling, should be generally The lady was; ielf.possessed ance Union. icate in health, never vigorous and robust spoke eloquently, and. commanded clo?o atasmaiden3 were In. days gono by? No, It tention." She believes that the ballot would J is not strange it is simply a natural conse- - .' rbe better used by women1 than by meifl, and v quence.' thinks iirtho good timecoinj, whn woPerhaps as great evils have been wrought , men help make the laws there will bo some for the human family, through tho introimprovement: duction of so much and so many different Kin as other of way. dancing styles extension A meeting in support of the Physicians as well as moral reformers con- s held in the ! of the franchise to women demn the practice of round dancing, some " : Temperance HallXecelsler,; VEngland, of them in the strongest terms. A large number f of ladies f MarchK21stJ Young ladies of the present day are, not : were presenfv (Thol Chairman to blame for the great delight they take in; in opening the1 proceedings1 said the were this most fascinating recreation;! l.They there to discuss ; a seribusT; and interesting x't have not been shown the evil tendencies to question, which must arise ih a highly ciyi which it leads. Let mothers, and people of illzed state' of society, nainely theu proper studious thought and reflection come to unl'.v! position of women. derstand the nature of these things first; : It was moved by onefhreleadlncit-then, teach it to the girls, and see how read; izens that a petition in favor of the Wo. ily they will listen and comply with those man' Suffrage Bill should be signed by the instructions. Chairman In behalf of-tmeeting and for. With many young ladies, waltzing has to Mr. for presenta warded Taylor, become almost like an intoxicating bevertion to the House of Cbminons: Another age to an habitual drinker. iWhen lt Is gentleman seconded the :motIon, ;and Miss'i to them, it would seem like a great Helen Taylor, member. ;of tho London sacrifice not to Indulge somewhat; .arid School Board, supported the. motion 'asfol-,-l- o when a little Is accepted .the temptation to ' ws: The main Interest of f ho quesl Ion. , indulge' tod l&r. is irresistible. But bring to her was from tho point bf ' responsibility.' ' our girjs to realize that there Is real danger, The Suffrage shoiild bo used by womea not -positive wrong In round dancing, and a as a matter of right but of duty arid womajority of them will abandon the prac-tic- o man who had been successful in llfe.and who forthwith. .. in; , , said she did not want to vote, ' had a very Some of. thpm may bo hard to convince, low idea of the responsibility attaching to but surely they are worth laboring with. heriTherejvere.questions affectjngalarge Talk to' them of future gerieratiohs, pf.a cla qf fWbmei i inyi-coufiixywhleiyo. time when they are likely to become moth, ers a time for which they should; be pre however nbble th ey nnilghe and upon I paring physically,' mentally and spiritually. whlcli, they 'should fber aUbwe'd (tp,: exercisev Inspire them 'now With; tho thought the their ppinIqriiYThet'k wish (which Is surb to come in later years,' nation would profit by tho , f rancliif o being " too to bo most the capperhaps among latej extended to wbinen and fa!fe fhoped j tho able) noble and honorable of mothers Tell' them In connection with these things; how' . time was not iar distant when their, prayer would be granted. Meetings of a;sImUar . very much depends upon the ' 'present care : character t6, this iavo been held Tcbehtly la)x and preservation of their health and many of the large towns in England and strengih; And tell' them in a way that! Scotland." These items "were taken .froin';," the must understand, that too much dan- -' the April No, of thel! Woman's Suffrage l clng of any sort, now In their early years,1 Joufnalof that coontryv is one thing that is likely to make them 'v : ; ? T ' .. '. 'great-grand-mother- f s- AND-NEWS- rosy-cheeke- -- ;durinjpt wn 5 " -- : : ' - 3.: in-an- c y f ; - : ; 1 he pre-sen- ted , . i . . : - " 1 , 1 s : . '.-- - 5 . - : ( 1 , V- r: J 1 i ' ! 