Bonatlonin Sunday' Eggs... B. 6. BEP0BT& " - 8t. George, Juno, Editor Quilts..............7................. Socks............... 1878. ExroNEMT: 4 t dif-fere- - - ; J : ed 1 -- , : ; , . i " , Mespon, Cache Co., May 3lst, 1878. The Annual Meeting of the Relief Society of this plae was held May 28, 1868. The meeting Was well attended, and a good spirit prevailed.' The sisters bore their testimonies exhorting, to faithfulness and diligence In the building up: pr the kingdom of God, knowing tho iimq is short and. much td'be '&cc6mpti8e;ra0ention of the loving' kindness of ,purileavenly Father, also expressed ihoif desire 0to aid by their labor and means to buUil Temples. satisfaction at tho it They expressed their labors as a Society. rBish-o- p of our year's Hi Hughes gave usr pome Ycry good iu. st ruction, he was well satisfied and pleased with the progress we had made. Keport for tho year ending May 28, 1878, is as follows: , ; ro-su- Balance I p Treasury inf cash and orders, ....... $ 132 09 May28 1,878.,.........;........ ... .... , . ..... 28, 187$. - t Logan Temple, ........ Woolen Factory,..., ...... Donation to the poor. Balance in Treasury in cash and or- ders.. 49 71 25 00 14 32 10190 . so. Ions It. needs a verv stefldv . oLjAii of opinion, lnnuence or education, and watchfulness on the part of the magistrates before its evil effects can be ob foF - - un-relaxe- 190 93 Total E. A. S. A Willie, Pres't. ! : or-d- Hughes, ec'y. PROTECTION TO WIVES. The House of Commons has1' agreed to tho new and amended Clause which was added to tho Matrimonial Causes Bill. This measure now enables police magistrates to grant, what is substantially ajudicial separ. ation between married couples in cases where a husband is convicted of an aggravated assault upon his wife. A magistrate's order will have all the effect of ajudicial separation on the ground of cruelty. The husband will bo compelled to make tho wife a weekly allowance, to bo enforced, In case of default, by an application for an order to commit him to prison; and the his discretion, give :erders that the mother is to have custody of tho children under ten years, a supplementary allowance for their maintenance being en forced from the fatner; In the event" of subsequent misconduct on the part of the mother the children may be removed from her care. The necessity of such a regulation had become continuously' more evident as weeks and months went by. It was t to open a paper without finding one or more cases of what Miss Cobbe rightly tfermed "Wife Torture,': and equally diffi. cult to ayqid being struck by the painfully Inadequate punishments which were meted to this crime, it has. for a long time been possible for a rich woman to obtain a decree of Judiciai separation under circumstances of aggravated cruelty but the class of wo; mag-l$tratema- yrt -- - diffi-cul- , , men whiuh could afford to pay was precisely not the class .which suffered oftenest or most terribly. It Is the Illiterate unreclaimed laborer or artisan who most frequently knocks his wife's eye out- or Jumps upon her, and for these poor women there has hitherto been no relief except tho tempor ary respite while her tormenter was in prison, overshadowed by the dread of what he might do to her in revenge when he came put. ; Now, at .all events, his legal power as tormentor will bo abridged. The children, who, In many cases are nearly as great sufferers as the wife, wili .; also be removed from his control, and ho will still be made to feel; the responsibilities of hus. band and father by the weekly payments ' he is compelled to make. ' As far as It goes, thb'clausQ appears to us an unmixed- - gain to women, .for as the Pall Mall Gazette aptly observes: When a husband realizes that if he belabors his helpmeet over the head with a poker, or smashes her ribs by kicks with d boots, ho not only runs the risk of Imprisonment rwith hard labor, but also that of losing the services of a hardworking slave he will probably think twice! before he strikes or kicks once." Nevertheless we cannot' expect it to make everything straight at onceVjWhere wrong has existed - . 1 1 , . hob-nai'le- -- d1 literated. In the first place there will be the difficulty or extorting a suuiciencyof alimony or maintenance from the husband. Of course so long as he is in prison the wife must either support herself and the child, ren or go to the workhouse for it will be a long time beforo such prison reform shall have taken place (though this is the case in some countries) as shall enforce tho pay-i-n prisoners-earnings-- to ent of part e the support of his family outside. But when he is released the magistrate will a certain allowance to be made to his wife.' This might be made more easy by empoWering hid employer to pay oyer the necessary portion of his weekly wages into the wife's own hands. It is evident, too, that she must be allowed as complete con. trol over this money as over her own earn- of-th- , Editor Exponent: i:, for the year ending May Disbursements nt e - t re-elect- 190 93 Total The fit;.GeorgeiFIwt"'WarllMIerjBocIe; on ty held theirs firstof annual at meeting June, 2 o'clock p. Wednesday" the 1st of a heavy showed of m. In consequence rain, the attendance was not as large as would have been desirable. After tho opening of the meeting the Secretary road the report which reflected great credit on Jier, JO lUO yeai auu wuuwg which it was made out; it showed our Society to be in an excellent financial condition. The amount which the society has received in donations and otherwise since its organization Is two hupdredand seventy dollars. The amount now on hand in kinds of property, is three hundred and nineteen dollars and sixty.fi ve cents, showing that the sisters have made, by their united efforts and faithful labor, a dollars. and, sixty-f- l cIearpro$t of forty-nin- e volenti.1 Independent of- this thcy-havdonate during the.' year, to tho poor. and Temples; seventytefght , dollars and ten cents; 7 ,; tvu We .have been' greatly blessed of the Lord, andibateriaily Assisted by our Bishop and other brethren ,of the ward who have taken a Uyely lnteresttand have never been backward' 0 in ' rendering us assistance. .There were present at onEineiiing, betides.; members,1 President J. T. P. McAllister, Bishop Miles IV'Roniney, Wm Fawtett and President Awa. lL Ivins, all of whom spoke In a lovely, manner, instructing and encouraging us. . Our' previous officers were and unanimously sustained,,hav- Ing proven thexnaelveVvclirualifie.fpr their positionsr: Sister Sarah Church, an energetic And ;;eterprjslng woman, well s sucknown to many of your'JclUzens ceeded1!!! raising for the society about pno lb.-b- l small beginning. to the cocoon, a silk business, she has ateo saved a few silkworm "eggs with1 a view to "trying again next year:11 The Bishop in. blsf remarks, spoke eiicourafcingly in regard to 'silk cul; ture, he hoJ?ed rthey would not give it up, or let dle out; nef tankeiff the .sisters : for their aid In booking after. tbeVV pobr, and ' sick, and seemed to : appreciate the labors .'' of tho Society very tnuchV ; The health of the people Is not very good this Spring, Work is stifl going' on in the ". Temple; k vi : A'MfeMBkB of It. S. 7 u 41 84 11 00 6 00 ings. er There will still remain behind an enor. raous number of cases which this law cannot touch at all, because tho women who are not, by any are so brutally of tho wive3 their tormenmeans, always tors. It it curious and pitiful to see how many of these poor creatures are not bound by any legal tie to their tyrants; who yet, though they might leave them at any moment, forgive their brutalities, time after without using time, and submit to of means liberation within their power. the no clear is that It improvement in the law of husband and wife Js applicable here, we must look for a remedy in far deeper causes the removal of which is less easy, but would be more permanently beneficial. The low consideration in which the law has hitherto held women is in our opinion, accountable for much of this barbarity. The theory that a wife becomes her husband's property, in body, if not soul, acts widely in depressing the condition of all women, whether wives or not. To a rough uneducated man, the woman is his inferior in everything which he holds of value; she has not his physical strength; she can only earn half as much wages as he can, the law still further controls her labor, as it does that of her children; she has not a vote, which represents to hini not unlimited beer only, but a considerable degree of dignity and importance at election times, and" moreover, the opinion of the upper strata of society insensibly filters down, and as with them, a woman has so long been as a child, a plaything, or a waxen image, immeasurably inferior to the active reaother half of soning worldly, matter-of-famankind, their low estimation of women has become almost a part of the national character. Our task must bo to work slowly against this by means of education, by instilling a reverence for humanity which 'uhall cause all crimes of violence against the weakj men, women, and children, or animals, to be regarded as far outweighing offences against property, which at the pres. ent day aro punished so much more Vigor ously. Our lawgivers must by an absolute equality of law put women on the same level as men, so that they may rise in gen. eral estimation; and their influence on the nature gentler and tenderer sido ' ' of human ' ' YIncrease. may This amendment In the law is practically the tame that Miss Cobbe suggested in her powerful article, a few months ago, and we ill-treat- ed ill-usa- ge . ct , : - may here remark that this, and other improvements which havo taken placo In the condition of womcn.withln tho last twenty - i 