i" f ) "Jr.-: l WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 67 - MISSION. OUR ; BT CLARA B. HEATH. Lost! la jhe city lanes and streets, A hundred girts with their faces white! Once they were fair, and pure, and sweet, Guileless and true, and they loved the light; Now ln'the Ug of unbelief, Stained with many asrimson stain, Carelew, defiant, grown blind and deal, Pitiless, too, in their Surely they need a warning word, Friendly smiles and a helping: hand; ... Shall they look in vain to the Christian church, Thai bJessedJhjbt xaf a Christ Janjand? eelf-disda- ln Lost! by the Ganges, years apo, A bun 1 red girls with their faces dark! They never knew of a Savior's love, They never knew of a she ltering ark. Cradled in infamy, dark and deep, Minds uncultured, and hearts unfed, Passion awake, and conscience asleep, What did it matter, livlnf or dead? e Hundreds more tread the track, Leadlujr down to the gates of death. What can we do? O sisters fair, Pray! It la never a waste of breath. self-sam- Lost! for the want of a little faith, Many a flower in quaint disguise; Dyinr a painful, lingering death, Slowly, like hope from a maiden's eyes. LosJ, for the want of a little care, Many a bud of hope and trust, Some that would have been wondrous fair, Wither and crumble away in dust. Lost in Christian and heathen lande, Many a noble, generous aim, All for the want of a helping hand, Looking for succor that never came. Mothers, and sisters! the harvest white, Lies about us on every slde,t Raiting the reapers; an earnest cry Comes"from over the wean wide, "Come and help us, we need your aid; Disbursed, to Temple., To the Poor....... For Sacramen ial Service. . .V...7. For Stake Book, &c. ........... ..... Cedar Blocks.............. 3000 Sh ingle?. . OallCO. imiti".mi i i Strengthen the hands that weary grow, Fill the places of those that die; Give us your prayers; our need is great! Give of your goods; the Lord will provide. Patiently, bravely we toil and wait; Send us workers; the door Is wide," Surely a blessing your efforts will crown, Never will perish one rain of good; No one need fear the Master's frown If she has simply done what she could. Wbe of us all cannot strengthen the band Toiling afar that the dead may live? Who can measure with puny hand The Interest which the Lord will AM one has talent, and on has give? gold, And "all have something," the record saitb. Give of your best to the Savior's cause, Pra j! it is never a waste of breath. s acres of wheat belonging to the Society, the land being Jent us by Br. Brady. While the brethren werqr harvesting, the sisters were none, thp.less Tbusy preparing a sumptuous d inner- - wh ich nl I were in vi ted to pirtake of , freely, .After which the Sun, day School children marched through the settlement, headed by the string band, banners, &c. Songs,, recitations, speeches and dancing closed our memorable day, all feeling well, and grateful for the blessings e and bounties that an God had blessed us with.- 7Tnterestingmanner,-to-harve- all-wis- - We expect to build a granary this fall. May the Lord bless all that labor with so much zeal for the causo of truth and disseminating tho principles of our most holy r religion. Your sisters, Elizabeth Rich ards, President,- -- -- Mary Ann Smart, Secretary. IJKA PQUARTERS PEOPLE Central Committee, . - 1878 M and Counselor' Marion H brethren being present. After lh0 exercises, singing and ?0n"ff mg officers were unanimously Caine"" Elizabeth llichards, President ' Lucy Urady, ) AnnGriflitlu, J Counselor, Mary Ann Smart, Secretary, barah Ann c Sarah Morrel, ysurtr! Since then our Trensnm t, T corps of as follows: 'and' XSS qr tVi' Sept 10, 1878. A people's territorial convention, composed of delegates from the several coun-tiewill convene at the City Salt Lake City, on Monday, Oct. 7th, atHall, 6 p. m., to nominate a delegate to the Forty-sixt- h s, Congress. The number of delegates to the convention has been apportioned as follows (being as based, nearly as possible, upon the num. bcr of representatives to the legislative Assembly): county Beaver......... 24t TERRITORIAL 1" Salt Lake City, Utah, ; Juab Millard.... Little Cottonwood, Editor Exponent: 2- - 00-- r. wt rm 1- Utah..... R. S. REPORTS Au- J For sundry purposes:;....;. ............ 1 - 86 Remaining in Treasury, Cash,........j34 15 Flour and sundries 9 75 The 24th of July was celebrated here by the brethren turning out in a lively and Salt Lake ' iIi TION. Come where the sun Is warm and high; Union, 45 48 4 90 2 75 9 -- 75 3 50 Piute........... Iron.. no. Sanpete.. g 3 3 1 2 2 Washington ...... Sevier 2 no. Wasatch........... Summit............ Morgan............ 3 3- Kane........ county 18 - Davis... Box jfclder 5 2 2 2 4 3 2 Tooele......,..... Weber.............. 5 Cache...... Rich.... Total. 7 1 .78 The leading men in each county are particularly requested to. such measures as will secure a proper adopt representation at the coming convention; also to take the steps necessary beforo the election as will give to the candidate chosen by the convention as delegate, the fullest support of tho registered voters of the people's ticket By order of the committee, - ' John Sharp, Chairman, ; Tiieo. Mckkan, Sec'y. , -"- - 4 , ; As I Kit and think, my memory takes mo back - to my- - ch ildhood days, and zlithintf with pain what a wilful, naughty girl I was. I think how much trouble it caused my darling mother; and I think, too, of her gentleness and patience with me, how, instead of beating me, as T have seen some mothers do their children, she would talk to me in kindness; with tears in her eyes, and no matter how hard I was to conquer, she would always win thu .victory; .and nothing else wouldjiave xlonel quick-tempere- d, -- it. ' . : Memory also brings' to my mind how, with an infant babo only two weeks old, she lorsook father, mother, kindred and friends, homeland all things dear, but her own immediate family and the lovd of truth, and endured, with heroic couiage, the hardships and trials of the Saints, and then crossing the plains laid down her life striving to obey the Gospel. I was then only seven years old, but my dearest recollections are of her, and her gentleness and sweetness; and of dear father, too, for I never remember hearing them disagree. To them, with the help of my Heavenly Father, I 0 wo all I am, and I can say, in humbleness and thankfulness, I have tried to cultivate an even, cheerful disposition, and the trial has not been ah eritiro failure Dear mothers, my. observation teaches me that it is much belter to rule with love, kindness and firmness. When I see a mother deliberately double a rope and whip her daughter until her flesh is bruised for weeks, I cannot, help thinking, poor, ignorant soul, it must hurely be for lack of wisdom that you act thus for I know you desire-to do the child good. O how infinitely much depends u pon the character of our children,, and this upon tho they receive from us. Mothers intrainiug Israel, actual and prospective, the duties now incumbent upon you might well make angels falter nor can you become mnthpr without :r.-' ring those responsibilities, but if you are wise, and properly train your children, how great, how glorious are your privileges. O mothers, I fear and tremble when I think how imminent is our danger; urid when I seo so many of our youth growing up jn ignorance and lawless rowdyism. My greatest hope is in the mothers may God ropen our eye? and-sti- r up our souls to our momentous duties, and help us to properly train our children, and may He enable us to be what wo ought, for as we so are, will our children bo. And let us exhort our girls to be wis in their husbands. Do not choose for thd father of your children men who will get drunk, and spend all their earnings for strong drink-m- en who will come into your presence using obscene and profano language and abuse you in every way. But choose, rather, men of refinement and men oi God.Ypu havo as much to demand virtue, honesty and sobri-etright y from them, as they from you. And if they aro not such men, can you expect your sons to be? if you choose for their fath- S5Lm!n.?f V1C0 and degradation can you to bo wiso and expect nil that is iow and - va&nd-.--pWng and searching grasping for all thaUs'good and pure? No, Indeed. Then, I repeat honor and obey tho priesthood, and ms lh0 kinom of God! tTCSV'S- - May God help L bo n1 wcT a?desiro U3 in righteousnass. n 2 ;G'l'3EY GOLDi. - , Ssin? cul--t-?5- v. ; - - $t Annm Re!ort is 7V-- MEMORY AND OBSERVATION. 37 80 PEOPLE'S TERRITORIAL CONVEN. "" " i JFor thaExFQNKirrt: Donations received. ;lv.;;,.,,;fn7.T;7;.$17194 f 