WO MAN ' S E XP ONE 1ST T. . A DREAM OF HOME. " J Oh mother! last niffbt of-Rebe- , . .. I was with youf ' . , : : !: . many glad stories I told; It was Summerand eunseti the yalley All curtained la crimson and gold. We were down on the farm and the breezes Came sweet from the; meadow and creek; ! tAfid and metherH " 5 , bftlored one was near me, . Bate one-- my And spoke in his kind, wooing tone. -- J I Wwoke,'.and grim: Winter's iiiff 'daylJgb t, ' J; .Hi rXhe window had coldly o'eripread; 1 tupposa 'twas the evenings' light prattle,; 'Tnat brought it all into my head.., ' Ciit eay when jthe Sprjngtime is oyer, And Summer hs certainly Come, . live for a brief, 1iU "ii Again with rnf mother at homt? When the city grews dusty and sultry, May I lay care and labors all by, ' And pome to the farm for a reipileV And spend happy June and Julj? S. Li City, Feb. 157 Mirlamthefprophetsist Aar6n,vmsleryma ; to be " pre-serve-h- iis : t ; life fromtheeruermaridateof- l5haraoh, who' had commanded the male children to Ue: destroyed. Miriam was placed by hermothertoatclrl Soon the daughter of the King cumo down to the river with her maidens to bathe, and seeing1 the child she r: was astonished i '' - " 5 -- . smiled ; idelightedwithihis :beautyasa v Miriam sweet -- . .. 7. tFor the Exponest. ; WOMEN OF THE SCRIPTURES. ... r BY HANNAH T. KING. sbie .yas taken vithlrirtho palace t6:nurse aM attend : him. Again, Miriarii ' appears in! his after li feV" wh en he Had bee n called of God io Become the leader and (f he ''of Is- raelwe, find her yalkjng foot to foot, hand to hand Svith th6 servant of God ; she in all the grand epochs of that event- f ul pilgrimage of forty years travel through ' ! ' -. law-giv- er ap-ypea- rs i ? the - wilderness-- ' and on one occasion was - ' called conjointly with her brothers, Moses : the rest".':' t ;.;, by the voice of God! At one "Eve, the sovereign impther of all .living! -ii and 'Aaron, time she erred in her judgment of Closes, She stands in close proximity tp God" the1 ' was severe; hut ' by ii and her punishment Father,; for she ,is the spirit of On tho - prayer of Moses she theInnumerable hosts that have' figured all triumphant occasions'it appears that she upon this earth. The one grand, stupendt irtook her harip arid led ous act of her life is all that is told ot ci Zlorr; , and her glorious song of triumph, after the in thfelBibleand'H' is enough, r Milton r, passage pf the Red yeait h rilling and indraws her picture with tho pen of ihspira- i m::;" .1' l;.. tion: M "I spiring, even at this remote date; all de- note her a noble woman, a priestess and a ' ' Orace was in all her steps,' Heaven in her eye; ' ; innocence, upon her in hia e. and-ththen approached, princess told her to go and get a nurse for. him, as she. raent to bring" him up a iher lighted girl ran for his mothertincl Tho Ayoraen pf .tlio Old Scriptures aread-- , mirablOj specimens pL the Genus; there ap-- : pears no vanity, no. frivolity, no weakness; all 4s. simple dign i ty, stern d u ty, an4 strict bbedierice to. principle. In the , short space allowed in a small.papcr, it is impossible to elaborate the' subject;, I will, then, briefly enumerate" some of,' tho" prindpal women; and at some future time, perhaps, takd'up ' : 'life-givin- ? . . : i g : was-healed.- -H .. the-Mngs- of ? ' ;;; -1 Inevery gesture dignity and love!".' - f - '' . 6arahr the.wife of Abraham, one highly of. the Lord j is distinguished by! tavored X ,her truth and faithfulness in all the travels and changes :of their, lives. At the time that the Lord promised her great and . . : ! . lie .changed the sin-Hhlessin- gs, orthogra-:Phy.?r???-.MRieKaddi- Dg the letter h as the and - Placing it in the centre of. the - name of 'Abram, making it AbrahampOf , course. He hld purpose in this, though it .ianof explained; 1 is said to bo a cabalistic letter, and if so it denoted increased power and blessings.; ".;' ( Hagdr is also 'remarkable character; her posiiidn and peculiar trials, arid her entire , dependence', upon God under .them, 'ejacu-latin- :, in the fulness' of her ' "Thou' God seest me' called down to heart, her relief in the desert an angel of God! Her history - is full of thrilling . jpa (hos. and call out our "chest sympathy. i ftr, -- - to her the golden sceptre heard her sfory and her people were saved! . held 1 , , Lperishr ZsayinMf out interwoven in her destiny appears that.of.her raugust brother. Wh.eaMoses, as an infant, was hidden by1 hfs mother, in the bulrushes of the iver Kile to . hardly judge the king held but the golden sceptre, as the emblem of peace. There had been a conspiracy raised against Mordecai and his people, the Jows, and before tho thirty days they would all have been destoyedJ Hence --Mordecai sent to entreat Esther, to seek an audience with tho king, and lay before him the critical circumstances, in which they were, placed. Sho fasts and prays, and then she goes forward, with her life i n her hand, . , . a- preliumabiaiSohe : : : " frthoairge.rwsHuatIoii-ij- - : hiil-top- can, wTe was placed. Tlv king, Ahasuerusfyfas an absolute monarch; Jjis word was the law, and he had decreed that no one shonld approach him, taan oroman, for thirty days! deathwasto be the penalty to anyVho is of sweet and gejitle: oisjthe .it Jacob, i who servedTovehToy ears; for- - her and they seemed but so many daysfbr jhe d love Jhe had for h en h Josephjm Benjamin were her sons, and- were an honor to her andr aj blessing tpYtheirvfmily; Joseph's history is grand and; romantic, and through much, tribulation he became the. Savior of , his faiheris house, and a type of the future , . . that, was, then In the distance. And frightened the fish in the spring, JLbd waltzed round the .room with the babies, '. ... The gladdest and merrjest hing. I scout'ed'and scrambled, JChr,Qugh the barn-yar- d s. About,; i :u; ' And rollicke44he ' Like a young colt, which, stabled flj Winter, Has been for the Summer "turned out." .;; pagest "IhTpii of speech and action, 5 Rachelextappearsiiercharaeter belovedr I sported and laughed with my brothers, fwaa v n,ob. nt r - They, were there, with us, mother, all we Banff while we worked all together, ' WWhappy aTVappcould be. ' .' lt, I sitting, In6oft, dusky twilight alone; his-judgme- mrhon. i forMor-decaiwh6ih- a3 ari ;rearod orphanand her obedience to his counsel, In the and rella.nco .upon critical circumstances in which they and their people wero .placed.at that time, are -cred lalijbeautifiilly, portrayed jnyhe theJservahti btbaHaSwKQjiad been sent to find wife Isaac, to ' accompany : him back to' his master Abraham, and sfa'o became the wife of Isaac, and appears trj have Beffnlnstl WSTen'riir the hands of God iri bringing about His purposes With regard to Abraham posterity, iand Is ever named as a devoted wife; !lieattltbelrsoftrtnffte8p6n8tTr Half wearied at ccais mis-ionl- if i Uf heart throbs were happy and quick, r Iawept and cleaned' house with my iisiers-three-Ari- d , man! .a Her purity, Jierlial love: The description very sweet and womanly and as a oung girl sheex hibits a degree: of understanding and decision rarely found in mature ; qharacters. She decided at oncef aftehearng the Forth Expoukxt."! , 147 . prophetess of God. f.. .'; ... .. V; The next prominent feminine character is Deborah; sho judged Israel forty years, and:she. dwelt .under'a. ralm trec,,, and "the children of Israel came tip to her for j udgment." . Barak ; seems to have full faith in her prophetic office, and received tho word of theljord through her lips; but ' yet declared that unless sho would acconi-- pany tho army-o- f Israel ho W'Ould not go up; and she answered him, "I will surely; go i with ihec;" and ho went up with ten thousand men, and Deborah went with v him-,"- , and r the armies of Israel, prevailed and -- were mighty - conquerors. - Then fol -Iowa the sublime song of Deborah; she is an inspired improvisatrice, and is the leader . in that song for tho Scripture salth, f then -- Her character sang Deborah stands out in bold relief, mighty and irre : I ' proachablel v; .: Tho history of Esther tho Queen is a bea'tUIful illatratio'n of fhe 4evotion of wo . : . ' , , 1 . r i ; : ahd-Barak."- . . TO MOTHERS. How often do wo complain & of the tax on i st ron g th nd patiencb tfief are. ;1 4 confess to have - felt and isnoken similarly myself often: but the -thought soon gave way to another ; idea- of comfort they are, and v 4y hat a how (lark the world would be without their" hear-mother- - s r-chil- " 1 ? dren .well-sprin- g presence. I .believe they in their, innocence are a great incentive to a holy life..; The llittle ones wheayet withoutnsinTcauso the: Z, mothers heart; to yearn for, purity. She xi cahnptlook into the swept eyes and indulge in anger OTmaiicerhia aropyerf an ,th the mptijelr using 'their.sbarp. eyes and ears, dqes it hp tmake her careful Uhat nothing ; she may say pff'd 6, may stain the J i t tie one's hear t; who has not yet J earn ed ; figh f from t ! , 5 : 4 1 How many ' lessons do wo learn from theso little ones; ; ' A mother's lessons of faith ''taught through ' her childrenpften' more powerful than world can do; In darkness or dan- the little 'ones' cling the ' closer tot the ger & mother lerjng.nothinghecause' mother is th ef eof ten this prompts her to prayer ask. 'earnestly "Lord i give me the faith In .ing Thee that these iittlo ones havo fii tnertlf i we could but have the teachable spirit that , .children have, how obedient we' would be. iWnen. ino neart acnes it would save us many pangs, if the presence of tho spirit of God;weie enough for us as the mother is .. for her children,: we would Indeed bo at peace. God is very gracious to .us, and .when duties press hard upon us, Ho gives '' perfect 4 1 f - all-th- c";:;':; i! e 1 -- ? i ? - . . : ; ,f us more strength and courage to .', we rely upon Him. It is surely . endure if a blessing to bo hel ped in our effor ts - to overcome eyil ryiy our ehild's influence.- - ir wtt are spared l to train up our children in the way they ' what ; should ;fgo, ,a blessing we realizo ' through their refining and purifying influence. There 3! danger of tho mother mak- but this is of course ing the child an idol, ; through wrong discipline; the mother should preserve her character as tutor and " d isci pi I narian 0 f t h e In fa n t m i n d,' y e t h u m r ' bio herself as a child relying upon God, that We arid our children may gain an cx- ;ii ' altatfon in His kingdom. i v. i v : -- , ' ' : - (".''', 'i Tooele ?k : i- dfy, Sepf. ? 25,1877. A21K Tate. 