the sisters. Meeting adjourned until Jan. 19, at the fourteenth Ward - K. S.JREPOBT& Assombly Booms. Jul... X, i. Tho General meeting of the Re trench v ment Associations was held in the Council aIIm mm "M Tft. rn a n lfi fffO fTI O ' ' TVf . T.1 -- TTftT IT ft ; : r - . ntnnoont flfnrr monw Hnma n . - ' relative to the suojeci oi maKing a ueaven for ourselves, and concluded by saying she i would' like, the sisters to .begin the New Year by testifying the; gcnessof God. Counselor ?E.. B. Snpw? inher Temarks luded to the promises made. to the ,ilouso of Israel, and,: referred ;to the map of the promised land as given by Ezekiel the Pro-pbet; also made somei interesting remarks about the Woman's Store, and the great interest she had in the success of the efforts made to establish home manufacture, ;Me also spokeVarnesiJy upon jhe rpmonstrarice nf th a wnmfinsof Utah in circulation against the bills .now ini Congress, which are calculated to deprive us of righls and privileges of citizenship in almost every respect, politicallyVsocially and, religiously. .'. ' .i --" Editor Exponent. . Clarkston, y, -- j'i't "she'TeTtverymuch with the sisters in their new Meeting House. She felt to ask the Lord for a blessing in our meeting together. She advised the sisters to lay up wheat for; a time of -- ; menced, and explained," that what they did store up no one had any right to use, until those who had counseled us to store it up should advise us to disburse it. She said if there was nothing more in our religion, than "Baptism for the Dead' and "Celestial Marriage," it was worth living- for. The Prophet Joseph Smith in his Hfptime said the Relief Society was hot only, to administer to the needy, but .to save souls. She spoke very instructively in regard to dress, said we should dress so that we can feel comfortable, without regard ta the fashions of the world; she also made some good re-mnrlra in rntrorfl in rni fnnri rraxrn enma good counsel to young men on the subject of using tobacco and stimulants, and to the young sisters on various subjects, pertain. ; ' . u . HhatIthesistersw would be no danger of any thing being done tof seriously Injure rouse, butVevery. Mrs. E. S. thing . of spoleebf many the duties of life . Barney Itnlnm rf onanial imnArfonto email oa liroll as largo ones; compared our position here to a map with Its latitude and Iongitudb,'its smaller and larger points arid so on. 'Spoke earnestly; and, emphatically upon and especially, silk vculture the necessity pfs bur energetic actiohn becoming self sustaining Counselor. How ara maao some gooa remarss upon ,inn duties 'of life, and spoke "of Presldeut Young's farewell words to her pn a certain occasion: :Peace ; bp .with you;" said it made a vorv strbricr imbfesaion unon her. nnd ver filnea jhn hiiu sonfht fnr rwato hv cultivating it, and the Lord had blessed her with-- it greatly; She, spoke' of. observing find give, some good 'counsel 4ptheilstersXln regard to each Society adopting, apm'e special .branch -- of home , industry which , it seemed to ber would, bb ; ;i " : ; L.r E.3VASHBURN, Cor. Sec. West Jordan, Jan. 4th, : Editor Exponent: ; s,, 1878. ; home-manufactur- 7oo. oc :Mms.:V:;..:.......;.;;......;... Dividend on Stock.....,.....,..; 168i 51 . Assessments on Stock................ Paid oh AsBessment3v;..;.;.;.7...; . Amount in5 Treasury Tpmple -- , dothes;.....:.,;.....:....'i.v..,........! , fast-fay- s, Cashsundries, Ac, , .V. Y rt "r very beneficial. . .. Counselor; Zina D. jYoung .spoke of the " Hedical Iiectures by 3Irs, Jiomania B; Pratt, il. D.f and Mrs. Ellen iB.. Ferguson", lljj. 86. 85 ! v 56. 85 1 I : ; , 20. 00 31. 10 We are trying to do all wo can to help tho cause of 2ion arid 'to administer toihe wants of the poor and the needy among us. We have. our; monthly,,meqtiugs. and we meet together to make clothes fox the poor ic our Word and we have quite a number here to support. ,i:;r r v, .:,..; The Exponent is an ever welcome messenger among us, and we wish it success. "X We haven t stored - touch ' grain yet, for the brethren are building a granary for the ward, and we ate going to have a share in it, and expect to lay up more wheat next . . . ; Our sincere prayer is for the prosperity of Zion and all her institutions and our desires are to do all the goodwe can; ' Wo ': r "remain your sisters respectfully, ' ' . . : : Althea Gardner, President. -- ) agnes cooper, uardner, . :ICoun;eIors:-- . - ed - : taining that papef,'and by so doing aid the Elders In spreading truth to Itbe w6rld. She closed ' by invoking tho ; blessings pf God upon' all, both old apd young. ' '"Some other excellent things were saidfor bur ' comfort, and the meeting was adjourned; 'Prayer, by Elder W. O.' Carbine ;" MarV Griffin, President, r:";; u-'" Jane G obrREY, Secretary. : , ; 1 , : , ; becrctary. , Mrs, E. Davis said she felt thankful for the privilege of meeting with the sisters ofl this place; she was sorry that Miss Snow could not be with us, but she would read one of Miss Snow's poems which she composed in Palestine,' concerning' the curse which rested upon the Jews. 'She advised the young to seek unto the JLord in their youth; their parent .would not always be with them, and it was necessary for them to have a knowledge for themselves of the divinity of the werk in which they are engaged. She related some of her experiences in the church; which were very interesting. She gave come very good instruction in relation to home industries, and: mentioned the articles1 made by the' Ulsters, for the Centennial Exhibition in Bait Lake City. She said strangers visiting the city said the articles compared'very favorably with those they had seen elsewhere. ' She encouraged the 'sisters io' "go fbTwork and manufacture all the clothing they could for their families, and solicited them to subscribe for thq EipoNENT and assist in Sus- ,'i Society for 1877.: Donations received;. .....'$ 181. 90 Disbursed to the poor........l....l... ',7$. 13 J Stock in, West Jordan Woolen -- - cles. Annual jReport of West Jordan Belief , ; . Julia LarseNi President, , . : - , Y : v 1 - ouytacu mc oioicia IU ' ta&o IUO . f UAi Alt a Exponent. She thought those sigterH who were willing to live in plural marriage had made a step towards loving their neighbors as themselves. She bore testimony that the principle of Celestial Marriage was true, and advised the sisters never to say a word against it She told us how to bring up our children, and said never to correct them in anger. She also said the sisters could enjoy themselves without doing anything to grieve the Holy Spirit; God did hot wish us to be sadf but to be cheerful. She concluded by asking tho blessing of God upon us. She afterwards exhibited some silk arti- specimens of -- -- tended by our young ladies, who' are to be - the future mothers of the race "Bho 'said that she recently hoard an Apostle say, that if the education of jeltner boys 'or girls was necessarlly'to be neglectedi it should be the' boys; for girls wore to be the mothers of the coming race, on which would rest the building up of Zion. She also spoke tipbn Celestial Marriage' Coun3felcrK wished the sisters a Happy New Year, and .made a few remarks, encouraging the ' sis' ters to persevere. Several others 'mide ap- -. propplate' remarks, and a spirit of union audi good "feeling, provaded the- hearts of . , ere, daily great eyehferwer approaching a time of. great. Importance. She referred to the plain manifestation she had received in the special meeting of Dec. , - ive . 1CT ,riui;ii were .iwiuwuj fel She t i t was flocessary' for all to live their religlony rand be prepared for all things, for -- uvMCUtijr . - ' VU111U9 -- 4 home-manufacture- "'i;iuv,w Co-operat- had sppken had expressed- thoughts, and would , be in.Vour favor. j, MwaMinnio Cooper, Treasurer. Sinco our organizatfon we liave raisod ten dollars in money, with which we have purchased shares in our new Store. Wo have a Y. M. M. I. A., which Is In; good condition. Wo with them are combining our efforts to procure a library v for our mutual benefit. We' hold meetings once in two weeks, which are lively; in them we feel well and We desire enjoy, the Spirit of the Gospel. to improve, our talents and prepare ourselves for usefulness, in obedience to the com mand men ts of God, for the buiidin g up of His kingdom and promoting the welfare of Zion, by refraining from that which we know to be evil, by trying to elevate and improve our minds, andi by living according to the requirements of the glorious principles of the gospel of Christ. - n We ar e a l so ra ;: the Temple at Mantis , r, Wishing success to your, valuable paper, which we consider a blessing . to all. the sisters of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day. Saints, We remain your .sisters in the .Gospel,-l-- Counor&oxtfru 22 , The Belief Society, of this place were blessed with the presence of some of the good sisters from Salt Lake City, and . received from them some valuable instruction. Meeting opened with the usual exercises, after which Mrs. Zina D. Young ad- aressea tne assemoiy. ours, xoung said 1 87 7. mn- itkite J&js& Noy. 3d, 1877. Editor Exponent; .;' jiThlnking aJewJInefrona the Yong: Ladies Improvement Association of this place woud not' be uninteresting to your' readers," we venture ra repoiFbf ur progress slnco" wb wero organized as an Association. VWe were1 organized under the direction of President Franklin Spencer, Sept. 13th, 1877, with the following officers: MfJulia Larsen, President. in their households during tho present She sought to impress upon the year. minds of her; hearers the duty devolving ? to make ;home upon woman, , of i seeking rl . -- Monroe, Sevier Co., Bee. 2 7, bo . L- - - 1 ' wished th e sis ters all "A I&ppy NewTear,' and that peacef' joy and prosperity mighty , Sat-urda- : , -- ' 