.L.f eip got T . twiom a n j:s vOrri llzaRl aoory sisters 31iss M.Isabeila?HorneJd Snow, Mrs, have been making'! a tour througfeltbe north Lrn iett lemehfl nDaVjsJlCac Ier Countte", is Jthe 'interest 'of Belief Societies and Y. LM.1,!. A'., laboring to awaken a renewed Intent In. all ihoh epar tmeiits of ;wq-. man's Work f&jcq pertains to tIifT)uTfaing up of Ziomu;hesej6j carnes tly eekln g to pro mo f e liom e 1 n d us t tl es mong the people to gv f in p.ioyerit to.' the poor and make the saints mbrO : ; self-gustaihiD- JV) he b fibenruici nal-o- g. eoi a - ribw4n i VlewJsiaU establisii sericiittur f requires u n i enterprise an d la rdftoa'-A" feffortSr .Aimpstj every feiieij.ci'etin Utah can, If they naW a) exejtioni Jenda helping Jiaqd to special industry ,j tjs; exreed ;nqw thattberev will soon be sui tab! ei; machi npsioxr n) ar u fac- -. turing. and fcieauthne tbe mulberry, trees must -- be. can .have food, growing, so. the silk-worand a large quantity f6f cocoons will: be wanted toMi ly th e silkTPBi JertjTBrjdhB listers who understand reeling; should have employment, t-- ed -- , ms and stimulate others' It is a trade and. will be remunerative one, easily learned, n fact for future benefit,as it is'now a that the cHtiiate of ;Utalrls adapted. to'silk to-lea- m- - well-know- cul-Ivatiblfpa- theent , M nvhing daunt them those wnb'wilP net let from pushing therwr :itwiH depend" or little shall 'aroomlpirsedi lot if there are not many mulberry trecs,;Uiere . wpl hot be manycoconsVaii be material for the lpomT ; The Relief Society and Y. L. M. I, A! Presidents 'should not forget mis8ipn;gtve ference in the St. George Temple less thana year ago, by bnenow no more in our midst to counsel and instruct. Thisjabor is not rtthe z cole work of a few individuals," but the people, and the result ,will Jbe such as j ip ;ever the reward of diligence and industry ,Jn a communthis-importan- t . : ; itywealth and prosperity. . r - : r, Pamphlets, giving definite details.; of the work of sericulture in all its stages, are for sale at the Commission Store for Home,Mjftuufac-turein the Old- Constitution buildings, at ten cents each. The sisters ah'ou Id bear in mi ad that thisstore, established through their united energies.b'y counsel of President Young, still needstheir patronage., It Is increasing' in variety of goodsarid the utmostpalns should blT taken to make it the most flourishing1 .Hon in Salt Lake City, if thW people ever expect to become independent of I5abytbn.a . s, 5 . ; i Por the ExpoEST. IN MEMORIAM. u Pied: At Wanship, Summit Co. Utah, Saturday March 2d, 1878; about midnight,of pneumonia after a short ' andevere illness of less' than four days Sister Susan Sanford Pierson Itichards. 'Deceased was the daughter of Hon. Vm; Pier'sofind Kancy Richards" Pierson of Richmond,' Berkshire Co Mass. , at Kvhich c 1 re--mai- - th.a UDii1iNStiLskeiCityJah;t2aS78 za, widow.; of Bfepheh third year of her age.n Deceased 'wai born 'July ttbtSOS at' iDonieaitbrkehire England She embracedhe G 3spel- in May 184 atr AsH-tb- n Under-Lyne- y and )emigratedtobUtah In ? ns -- Bister Eliza Lets has ever been trpe to the Gospel, and while1 tin; !Englanddid mudh good in assisting the Elders making a hoin 1853, ad blhemTssIaiS'IeSrf ISh contributed liberally-o- f hef means: to the-- Churchj?rShB was devotedly attached to het falthj' putictual'to the duties of a Latter day Ba1nt. i She: delighted in talking uponither principles lof ;tbefGospeJ 4n which her soul was engrossed. She was h Attendant at pbblic worship' and wag due df ihe fiW who.regulaIy; attend the:Fast Meett i ngs. Bheliad - uo fear of deatbaiid rpaised from tarth as peacefully as La ' child". falling asletp. i:8he was a member of the Relief Society In the J3h Ward, where she resided, and took great pleasure in attending' the sisters' .meeting!. She was the ' ; con-sta- ot ; . , . It is with feelings of deep' regret We record the demise of one of bur! beloved sisters, Mary StubsJ wife of ilenry Stub3 b f Malad' City ; deceased vas born November 12th,' 1854, Emigrated to, Utah In 18G9 with her parents, David and Mary Morgan of, Brigham City, from A1(f oven bmnchrrGIamorganshirev ;outhrale?; was married December 1st, 1873; ii:altLake lhis life March Srd,;l878 ICityLI She aged 4iiit y:t6reo?;yeai was a firm believer in . the. principles of the Everlasting Gospel, and was full of faith and patience; Her Bufferings were tru ly great and she realized the promise of the Xoi d that as her day her strength; should be; when suffering great pain of body she wculd say my faith is good, but my body is very weak, but I will try and bo patient inJ sufferinij. " After great 'ahd'eontiriued euffe asleepj leaying a loving husband and afrectlon-t- e parent to mourn her loss; and while we Sympathize with the bereaye 1 family and feel the loss of bur dear sister, we can look forward to the day when1 the faithful dead shall hear the Archangel's triimp and come forward to shine as the'sun forever. Should we mourn as those without hope? No dear sisters. Let us prepare ourselves while here to dwell with our Father in heaven and receive the welcome plaudit, "Well done good and faithful servant, enter thou . into th Joypf thy Lord." ; Our dear sister whose death we" record, was a me the Relief Society and the .Young Ladles Mutual improvement Association and was ever anxious to do' good.' May it bo our happy portion when called to pass behind theYvajJ, like her to look- - forward with hope to a glori-oa- ? resurrection in the , kingdom of our, God. . a AnxR SWYER, Secretary Y.;L.' L I.. A. . dped -- . :. -- j ! i friends, yet that is not enough; rV - But It Is the Lord's work we are engaged;ln and all the j world cannot hinder its onward march. As the prophets liave said it will grow and triumph over ralj 'foeq until ;it fills the whole earth,' and He whoso right it is to reign will come and the; kingdoms of this earth will be given to the Saints of the Most High. I feel to encourage all bay sisters-- and say let os teach our sons 'and daughters! to? obey the laws of God, and bet willing lo abide id the New and? Everlastings (kiven ant which. the prIbciple;of Ctlestial Marriage.? Let us'neter. suffer- - our?elvf s to 'ipeaki lightly o this sacrfld atd iholy ' ord r of matrimony. I desire to bear my testimony to my sisters and to the world, lhat it is the revealed will of God Is entered i toti'J thh holy order more than twen years ago; ;and have never bad 'tvy.r-i'fT.- . i , J , i . '' ; . t, I ..i Shoo Bend, Beaver Co. , on Latter-day;-Fain- f but endeavor to legislate away our Tights and priviliges as American citizens; and as we may Justly be termed exiles from home,cDuntry: and . -- r - r. pkien - profess 'to bolleve inl After having Buffered so much at the bandu of our. enemies, still they are not satisfied,' they will? not be- content to leave us alone herein cur .'mountain :home,,, , 'me r- - rest In peace dear motiier; " L 4 With bur Father dwellawhlle," TY ben our work on earth Is flalsbed Greet us with your holy smile. , the, 27th of January, y M rs.: f Kerziali r Burk; daught r of Jams and Mary ;Van Benthusen, born in Albany,. New York, tMay 15th, 1793. She jeceived the Gospel In the fall of 1S33, in Kirtland. Ohio. Shef was. in the pecond corar j)any I of t B ai nts who went up Xo ;. Jack son County JJIssourf; and shared In all the persecutions that befell the Saints both In M;ssourIj and Illinois. :Though Ul In body", ebnflntd 16 the bed yet'h wns corrielIed through the religious persv ullon lo leave NauvOo and cross the plains, in company with the Saints, to settle In the mountains- - -- She was a faithful wife and and mother, and atrue died In the hope of coming forth in the morn- - TT After a long silence thought I would write a few of iny feelings' knd reflections 'tbfiyou.f AltHbngh'I tiav AotiwiUteniafelyI havi found, time toreadEe 'ExpontI7 X find the same spirit bf perseajtibh' Is slill abroacl In the land as in darpiast when the;:saints were scattered and driven, rind my heaH lmrna with resentment towards thbsewbo ought to protect a mere handful brjpeaceful, loyal citizens. If It were not for the God of. Joseph in whom we trust we should indeed be 'called to suffer much. Our enemies are possessed of the same spirit atllljthat Incited them to Urive the saints from Far West; Nauvoo aud other places, when bur brethren and sisters we're butchered like dogs in many instances. When I read the f'.Women of Mormondom,' and see what my deat 'sisters passed through in those' dayp, some to see their husband and children murdered bfore their eyes, my heart sickens to think: that such was their fate in a free bountfy,1 because they obey-V- d the Gospel of Jesus Christ as laid down in the Biblei which book' all the Christian world So at Ho rso .II.' WE3j:V&BtyVEBEfyCo , March 5th,.l$78. Z in-ber- Died .r CORRESPONDENCE. Editor ETxponekti f Z jt7Rl Lrv 1 lii-gj-1 f . Kir mnrnz. 1 - : ,or ing of the fesufreclioti "?wlth thevjbt ymade H jjerfecti :asd dwelling With' hbr "Redeemer and two?gpns who turvive 'to'moarn her loss. She wasIrtuous j d evofed an d faithful wife, a dutiful anxious and indulgent mother, an unwavering, patient and exemplary saint,' who lived true to the profession of her faithwbile she sojourned with us. Since the organization, f of the Relief Society she has taken an active part in the duties thereof, nd filled the posi tion 'of Secretary until her death. Her were brought to this city for Interment with the deceased of her h usband's family In the Salt Lake Cemetery. The" funeral services -- were held at' the resident Richards at t o'clock- on Tuesday. March 5 tli, President Joseph Yroung, Bishop Lorenzo Young, and Elder Joseph F. Smith took part in ihe funeral services, and many excellent things were said calcu fated to comfort the relatives and friends;- Prof. iDajnes with a choir of sweet singers was present, ami the music lent a soothing and heavenly influence to , the to'emn occasion." r; -- Dec. 13; 1S31; She obeyed place she Was born : ihe eqspel jn; the clays of h er" 6u Vn , and was baptized into ihS'fchtitc wi th her motheru ndertook "the perijousjoMri ney from her patiypIacVto gatheritH j"the ' saints to teir newipr "d fsco vered' inlh e. Mountains. 'did Rocky her, couraga ail her whenr calleU to part iwith acdi bury1 her dear mother at a the Platte River nown "as the LIberty; Pole."' Soon after her arrival in Utah she became the wife of ider Franklin D. Richard., by wbom sho jwas the honored mother of a daughter, I57 in-dlud- : , .' j-th- ree cfe 