WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 138 R.S. young ladies read their minutes, and he of tho men in Conremarked: 'Two-thirgress could do no better than that.' "Pres. Young gave Eider Junius Wells the mission to ga, through tho Territory and organize the young men; mt the; young lad ips havo cot tho start of them, and know better how to conduct their meetings; but tho young men are progressing and ItEPOIiTS. each; made somewise nd interesting to tho young ladies, encounging them to movo forward in their now organt"ization. Sister Snow advised them to bo punctual ro-mar- ds Residence Elder Joun Pack, w Jan. 17, 1878. : - Editor Exigent: Minu tea of tlio Meeting convened lo or ganize the young ladies of tho 17thJWard into a Mutual Improvement Association. " Present by inritiitiornfsrln wprn" izing tno young sisters, Miss E. It. Snow, Mrs. Hyde, President of the Relief Society, with her counselor, Mrs. S. Reese, and other assistants in office. Meeting conducted in tho usual manner by singing and prayer; after whictiidis3E. IW Snow stated tho object of tho meeting, and: gave a brief account of tho Juvenile Society of tho ward. Bald "about four years ago, 'somo little girls went to tho Rishop, and requested to bo1 organized IntoaJSociefy; their request wa3 treated somewhat coldly, as tho Rishop did not understand, what they a3ked of him. However they persevered, and went a second tlmc It is presumed that tho Rishop had seen Pres. Young concerning their request, in tho meantime, for ho told them that they could have tho Mooting Houso to hold meetings in at any time, and i blessed them. r"T " "I always admired that move, and y bless thdsb"girIs7Rut Ino w it 6eomswis" . E , " to-da- domjhat the QldBlst organization. Many of tho young sisters i have had experienco in this matter, vet the older ones should tako, tho lead, that all might bo combined and work together. I think the young married ladies should belong to ' th Is Association, and overy girl as soon arshoisbaptized. --Tho"OTganization of these Associations is as much a revelation as that of the Relief Societies; the ono caino through Joseph Smith, tho other through Rrigham Young, andi if I was to -chooso between tho two organizations, I should chooso the ono fog feoypung, so many!: of whom, for tho want of such spiritual cul ture, have gone to destruction. "When wo first camo hero there were no regular schools; but as soon as wo obtained tho necessaries of life, attention was turned to educating the children mentally, but as they wero born in the Church, and heire by right to the kingdom, no thought was bestowed upon their spiritual culture. Thoiworid educate their children to the highest mental ratanu point within their reach. Ru t wo had come out of Rabyjon , and though t we had : left her- - behind ; but the spirit of tho world had crept in among our young people, and wo ; had Infidels among them, children of good parents; and the; question was asked, What, will become , of our; children?! and no ono knew, until tho Lord spoke, and we. wero commanded to organize and teach them. I "Wo wero met with scorn, but wo had pur mission, and wo havo worked from then until now. Many of tho societies havo broken up, yet some havo remained true to their integrity; wo knew tho result must be good, for the work was from God. "At first many of tho girls wero laughed at for attending meetings, and scorned by their associate?; others met with moro mothers became interwhen saw. tho result, for now ested, they tho girls , could testify that the work was true; beforo they supposed it was, for their parents said so: now they knew it for themselves. So fa,r th o results havo far exceeded our expectations, and thero aro many splendid Secretaries among the youn? ladies. . , "On one occasion Pres. Young met with us in our General Meeting, and heard tho : ; : : . . -- : . .. . y. m6vInOlP;";-rwant vnn vnnnp ladies to'heeomfi - ; T r v Q -- V;; -- 7 . - '., , ;;:- ... fled that, when the queens of tho'cafthcomo ; ; here, you can instruct them in tho principles of tho Gospel. In your meetings havo good reading selections from good books and 1 must say many of the selections I havo heard read were as good as. I could k fcyy tho "In tho early days in tho took makp-inys- el Church, the work, and it was young delight no uncommon thing for the children to speak in tongues and have tho blessings of the Gospel poured upon ' them. Rut chilno moro than they earn, either of dren the spirit of tho world, ofltho Spirit of God. No ono can get tho knowledge of God any cheaper than Peter got it, when Christ said 'Flesh and blood did not reveal this unto -- thee, but my Father who is in heaven.' I some remember in tho early days littlo to met hold girls together f meeting. " They and" Hand" sang appointed their prayed speakers; but as ;they Lord poured out Ilia Spirit upon tHbm'arjd" they spoke in tongu es and w ero so happy - V that they had to tell of it. "Now some oho must- preside over this Association, and I see ; befbrelfme mapy: young ladies who could pesideitb ilignl tyf'-i-f HIieyTwbuId exrcisbrieir abilityf aided by tho Spirit of God. We can use; any one who is willing to do His will, ;Wo. man's duties aro increasing year; by year, " '' 'yf ' of - at their meetings, and make them short but interesting. ... Pres. Miss Clayton1 appointed the next meeting for. the young ladies at her house week af 3 cinyeanesuay, afternoon of- - next. " " '"''' "b'clock."""'..'.'; vi'; Pres. Mrs. Hyde adjourned tho Relief at 2 meeting until two weeks from o'clock. Meeting closed with singing and ' prayer. r T.'-r-'- " ,. ririalf-- 1 A ks " therefore, my sisters, prepare yourselves for high and honorable callings. I propose Miss Rello Clayton as President of this Association, but none of you need vote for ; her, if you do not think this a wisechoice.". After somo deliberation it was moved and passed without a dissenting vote, that Mis3 Belle Clayton bo President, and Mrs. Maria Dougall, Miss Ida Felt, Miss "Phcebe Tingey, and Miss Emmeretto Rrowh were nominated and sustained as her Counselors; also Mrs. Josephine Smith, Secretary,' and Miss Dcnio Pack, Assistant Secretary of the Association ; Miss Lucy Smith; Treasurer, and Mis3 Hortchso Lang, Treasurer of the "Penny Fund' for; tho Temple,: All these officers were elected by unanimous vote. ' Mrsi Julia Ho wo who had been Assistant Superintendent of tho Juvenile Society, said; she feit as if these young girls were her owtftnildrcn, for they had been associated together so long and she had learned to lovo them dearly. Said they, had dono well; theso littlo girls bad actually made thirty yards of carpet; which had been donated to the Temple. Said she should al-- : ways bo . interested in their welfare arid " " should iniss their, society.' Twenty young sisters camo forward and their names were enrolled as members' of r the Association. Pres. Mrs. Hydo said shb was much pleased with tho proceedings" and felt that tho President chosen was the right one) and added her blessing, and prayed that God would givo his Spirit to'guide the , young. Sisters R. M. Carrinton, J. Pack, M. A. Pratt, IL Doremus, J. Smith, Denie Pack, Ida Felt, Phebo: Tingey, Hortenso Lang, Edith Smith, Melvy Calder, Ella Dallas. R. Groesbeck, Mary P. Young, Eliza Kettle, S. Reese, Vinnio Clayton, and L.D. Alder , -- - ' . .; to-da- y . "v- Mrs, L. D. Alder, Secretary. Iakti, Sanpete Co., Jan. 24th; 1878. Editor Exponent: : i It is not often that wo occupy any space in your much esteemed paper, but 1 hope that a short report of tho doings: of the sisters of our ward will not be Unacceptable. The building of the Temple and new meeting house in bur midst, calls for bur best energies, and the sisters feel that a the responsibilities thus certain amount-ocreated naturally falls upon Ih em, a'nd: are ready to respond freely and voluntarily to the demands of the times. r It ereforer bo to to able flourishreport tho gratifying all' condition of the enterprises we have ing undertakenr Under the guidance of "our" much beloved ; and esteemed President, Sister R. Warcham, wo have commenced storing! grain, and havo alreadyi several r ; hundred bushels 6ft hand. Our Society , f iisj-t- h " - - Store '"Is" also1 doing" :wellhaIngrd6Hed our capital from the; time we started, about ' eigh teen months ago. This ough 1 1 o speak well for the manaEremtint. and the .Interest .,.... 4YtA olefora iftlra in it ...TliA'ntnnMriMtt.Af.''. ties have the full confidence of the comV munity.' good i eeliner nre vails, and a snirit x nf rrpnnrnil rivnlrv rwrvaffoa 11 ami nw. siding sister has determined that the gentler sex shall not be behind in fulfilling the uuties ana meeting the responsibilities with which the times are pregnant.5 Aud thus the good chuso moves on, and we look forward with anticipations of a glorious fu: ture. : It i3 with extreme sorrow that we chronicle the demise Of nn fif mir lnnrnhnra Rtn. -ter Maria Rench, who was interred She was an exemplary wife, good member, and always punctual to the duties of the hour, and herymily"have "fee sympathy of the i whole community. Peace to her . ; - w m a ; to-da- y. ; " ashes.' ' Your sister in the covenant, : it. . : - . If,. ;f ! : .'W,:C. i ...... : In tiie r city, ;of Haverhill, Mass., "several:? hundred women pay '.taxes, on $559,480. ;. They are going to petition the: Legislature for: TighP to vgte in municipal elections. : .j.1! -- to-da- y - - ' NOTICE. " All who may .wish to::purchae wu uwvam meia irom Mrs. jjora. hodid of Farmiogton. b It .would : h& well'for those ' , who intend to purchase to secure what quWntI- ty they may need, and if desirable they could leave them in Mrs. Robinson's care till it was time to mako usaof theairf Mulberry lief s of Ji eizes can' obtained from President Young's farm, just south of the city, by apply- lug toWm. Rossiter, at the President's Office. Tho trees aro from five to forty cents apiece, according to sizo. j ; siik-wcr- br - i s m , T 