WOMAN'S philanthropic, moral work U now ifbeing car-rie- d agitated among the sisters, which wilf, be if into execution (and it probably will some women lake hold. of. ft), belp to cultivate of the little bojs born in Won, that now are much in need of teaching aod discipline. There are some mothers, and some ladies who have no children of their own, watching the feel growth of evil among the young, and they be st ongly impressed that some course must taken to arrest the development of evil tendencies, and implant in the minds of the younger a boys of the community a love of principle, bones-ty,and- a regard for truth, a respect for virtue and remembrance for keeping the Sabbath holy. It is Bcarcely yet known what the direct methods will be, but some suggestions have been made and some plans proposed ,and we feel it is timely. It is a very .important matter, and one that deserves the best thoughts of the. wisest men and women, especially tho fathers to evil. Wednesday, J oly 10, the Quarterly Con- ference of Davis Co. Stake Belief Society was held in Farmington, at the Meeting House, commencing at 10 o'clock a. m. and at 2 o'clock p. m,, forenoon and afternoon fcession. There were present on the stand President of Stake, Wm. Smith, Bishop Hess of Farmington, Patriarch Itoswell Hyde of Kajsville, Miss Eliza R. Snow and Mrs. E. B. Wells of Salt Lake City, and Mrs. Sarah I. Holmes, President of Belief Society local Stake, her Counselor!, Mrs. Mary S. and Mrs. Nancy. A. Clark, Secre' tary Miss Minerva Richards, also Presldentsf other local tranches. Minutes of the organization of the Relief Society Stake, andreports from all the branches in the County, except South Weber, were read by the Secretary. The reports proved that the slstersiriihat Courity had been diligent in good worto, and possessed good financial ability. Since their first organization they have contributed larzelv. in rL ous ways, towards promoting the establishment oi Ziion. Some eloqueht and earnest remark made by the sisters, appropriate to the occasion, upon the duties and responsibilities 0f woman as a Saint and citizen; also upon the storing of grain, home industries, especially sericulture and straw work. Miss Snow made a touching appeal to the audience on the subject of Sabbath breaking and its terrible consequences; in fact, she said so many good that we cannot enumerate them. She things called upon all the sisters who had hats or bonnets to stand and there as a goodly number, but not soup, many as one would expect in a settlement where straw-materiis abundant In the afternoon Miss home-manufactur- ed al JN AO EJN,T. DiEb of Wefet Grant Bountiful, Mrs. MargaretKaudair of f East-BountlfulMrsu- x Cs-m. san Centreville, Mis. Hortensia Leonard of Farni-ingtoMrs.-- Mary Anu .Hyde of Kajsville, Mrs. King, Counselor to Mrs. Jauet Cook of South Weber, Mrs. Elizabeth Williams of South Hooper, all responded, making a few remarks upon the work in their respective localities, and their great desire to ho'p in building up the kingdom of God. The Presidents of Y. L. M. I. A. were then called. Mrs. Lucy i Clark represented the Association of Farming, Kaysville, Mrs. ton, Mrs. Williams that-oCaroline Dalrymple of Centreville, Mrs. Holt of Eist Bountiful. Miss E. It. Snow, by request of the officers of the Stake, after some explanatory remarks, nominated Mrs. Nancy A. Clark to presideover the Y. L. M. I. Associations of Davi Co. Stake; the vote to sustain Miss her in thatofflce was unanimous. Wealthy Richards was nominated as her Sec- - . retary, and sustained by unanimous vote. President Wm. Smith arid Bishop J. W. Hess then set apart tho sisters who preside over the Relief Society of that Stake in that County for their special offices. Mrs. Sarah I. Holmes, President, and her two Counselois, alsoMrs. Nancy A. Clark to preside over the Young Ladies' Associations Pres. Smith and BUhop Hess each made some very excellent remarks approving of the business of the Conference, the teaching aLd instruction which had been given, fend encouraging tbe4iters to persevere in their labors. The meilng waa on of great interest, aud calculated "to promote and strengthen the growth of spiritual, moral and intellectual culture amoug"ibe tisters, and to aid the various branches of the Society in more effectually uniting to do good. f ; PLURAL MARRIAGE. KENTUCKY. Another wonderful cave has recently been discovered near Glasgow .Junction, Ky. It has already been exploredfor a distance of 23 miles in one direction; tailed tho routeyand" 16 called the short route. The ;avenues are very wide; a span of: hgel eau easily bo driven through for a distaoco f lliiies. Three rivers, wido and very deep, aro encountered on the long route. One of them is navigable for 14 miles un til tho passages become too narrow to admit a boat.: This forms tho third, or river route, which has to be explored in a boat ;, ,? : The cave is wonderful' beyond . description, and far surpasses in. grandeur the Mammoth, or any other cave ever before ; discovered. Several mummified remains ye Pen discovered in , one of the . largo , rooms. They Were reposing in stonocof-fins- , rudely constructed? and from appear-ance- s may have been in this cave They present every appearance of : the Egyptian mummies. ' .. , Great excitement prevails over this very important discovery. Edwin Mortlmore, of Chestnut Street, Louisville, Ky., purchased three of the mummies, and has them now In his possession. Major George AT. Proctor, of Glasgow Junction, Ky., pur- - , chased the remainder of the miimmles from the owner of the cave, Thomas Kelley. The latter is, or rather was a Jew days ago, a very poor man struggling to make a payment on a farm of 24 acres, upon wbicb, by mere accident, thejin trance to 'this, wonderful cave was discovered. He obtained about $400 cash for the mummies, and is now offered $10,000 cash for the cay e The entrance to the cave Is within tho town limits, and is only about two minutes' walk from the depot, which makes It valuablo indeed, as visitors will notvery be compelled to travel five miles In a stage coach, as they do If desirous of visiting the Mammoth cave, which is five ; miles from, this town. In fact, all the celebrated caves in Kentucky are in this immediato vicinity. The surface is very much broken, full of great elevations and depressions, with everything to Indicate that there were vol.-can- ic eruptions or violent upheavals of tho ' ' earth at some period, v Tho newly discovered J? qave !, has beirA named the Grand Crystal caVe, and is as beautUul as its name Implies. Ladders and bridges aro being constructed, ' and J R. Puckett, R capitalist of the town, announces his Intention of having a! small steamboat constructed expressly for tho purpose or navigating Its wonderful rivers;Dispatch to Cincinnati Commercial. : ,. " -- r , for-cen-turi- es. . Why do we hear the Latterday Saints speak evil of each other and . the holy principles of the Gospel? I often wonder why this can be, or who is to blame for it. r think if we mothers would examine ourselves, we would see where the eviJ springe from; and I think if we would keep the spirit of God with us always, and go to our Heavenly Father and ak wisdom and strength It would be beneficial in helping us to have influence with our children, and help us to sustain holy principles, which we know that the Lord has revealed for our exaltation. If we could' exercise a little more faith in God, the little troubles that come up in our way from time to time, would not annoy us. I aeak from my own experience. I have lived In plural marriage for. seventeen years and I thank my Heavenly Father that I have been counted worthy of the honor of doing so. I truly know, my eisters if, we honor this pure principle, we will be numbered with the honorable daughters of Zion, when the Lord comes to make np his Jewels. To know that Is worth living for. If wo all expect to gain Celestial glory, then we must work for it; and not be forgetful and neglect the duties we owe to our Heavenly Father. The experience I have gained the last seventeen I Would not give for anything I know of in thin worlds yf-ar- CAVE IN ANOTHERVONDERFTJL n, , tblrty-fd- ' -- ; Barlow child-- - years, she leaves a husbaud and sixchtldren, but their Iosa will be her eternal gain. In all the sorrows and vicissitudes' of life she proved' herself a faithful Latter-da- y Saiutf she had many noble traits of character, and her memory will never be forgotten by ttiope with whom she has been associated. give their names to the Secretary. : President Holmes called upon each President of the respective branches in Davis Co to represent her Society from tho stand. .Mrs. Fbebe Atkinson of South Bountiful, Mrs. Elizabeth -- In AplirSthTilo birth, Mary J. Madden Dunn, aged self-sustainin-g, -- co-operat- ing rU Sdow spoke upon the efforts which were being the various made to become-dutios of Saints, tho mission given to the Relief Focietks lo manufacture silk, and called for all the sitters who were raising cocoons A and mothers. This people spend time and money, leave their homes and families to preach the Gospel in foreign lands, and travel by land and sea, enduring hardships and persecution, that they may save some; but while all these things are being done according to the designs of God in these last days, the children born in Zion must not be suffered to grow up in ignorance and unbelief, disregarding the commandments of God and breaking His holy Sabbath. We know the teaching in Sunday Schools is a great incentive to good, but there must be other influences in connection with this, for children have so great a flow of animal spirits, and their natures are so susceptible to influences that surround them, that unless there is a constant safeguard thrown around them in tender years, they are liable to be led into evil practises, and their lives blighted through habits and associations that are improper and tend EA s A. M. ! 4 , - ..; For Eheumaturm.--Ia- ke W one quart of one Jargo handful of wormwood boil .them weU together ia one gallon of water, then strain the liquid and bod it down to one quart; add one quart of the best brandy and one pound of white sasir. Take one taHcgrwnful three times a day. 