WO 26 R. 8. REPORTS. - MTi PiEA3ANT the vacancy. We have enrolled as members,twentythree names; we meet together once in two weeks, and our meetings are veiy well at 1S7S. Annual Meeting and report of Relief Society, May 11 1878., .......$197. 28 Donations for the poor Disbursements to the poor............ 157. 30 -- ,v. . WMantirempl0..t..;,;...,. ........ ...... Wel3h 77. 22 20. 00 17. 73 StockJnlCo4)P-TanneryTTTrriiT- -fo- Emigrations...... Stock In Co.op Store......... ............ T. d, -- co-work- ers j ury-boo- Hoytsville, June 24th, A 1878. Wishing your valuable paper prosperity, ' ; Counselors. Ann MiUs, . Mary E. Holt, Secretary- -; t Elizabeth Crittenden) Treasurer.? Since that time Sister Ann Mills has re. signed her position, and Sister Edith Hob- , -- y MaryE. Ho yt, Secretary. 7 &c., , , Spring City, Sanpete Co, May, 19, 1878, y: Editor Exponent: We ., held our Annnal Meeting May 2d, and herewith send you our report: Distributed to the sick and needy..$122, 22 .....246 bu., 18 tt. Wheat stored... Eor the Temple... ..............$ 95. 65 Cash on hand........v.7........ W 11.32 52. Sundry articles. . 210. 00 Share in p Store an general is The health of quite good; and all the sisters show a lively interest in the Society and the upbuilding of the kingdom of God. We deeply sympathize with you and the bereaved family of Counselor Wells, and pray God to bless and comfort you all in tho loss of so amiable a daughter and sister, and hope the young girls who read the representation of her character in the Ex PONENT, will strive to follow, the example she haa set before has done to builtl up the kingdom of God, that when they are qalled to go they may leave a like name. P. E. Benson, Secretary. Co-o- the-peop- le , i Franklin, June 1st, 1878. Editor Exponent: We give a brief report from our Young Ladles' Association. Wo wero organized under the immediate direction of Sisters Zina D. Young and E. Davis, Oct. 30, 1877. The following ofilcers wero then unanimously elected: Mary A. Hawks, President, Clara Hatch, Sarah A. Smart, Sarah Thomas, ' J. Doney, y J Betsy Low, Sarah A. Smart, Secretary, Ruth Hatch; Assistant Secretary, Annie Hatch, Treasurer. Our meetiugs have been well attended during the winter; the young sisters have manifested a great desire to be benefitted by attending the same. We are desirous of laboring in the causo of truths and we know of nd .better source of developing lEoIFtalenta which God has given us, than by striving strictly to attend to. those du-- . ties' which' arer.enjpined j?ponus.in 4hese Institutions which have been framed for our mutual benefit. We were highly favored with a visit from Sisters Eliza R, Snow and E. Davis on the 10th of May; last A meeting was held in the afternoon for the Belief Society; Sister 4 E. It Snow addressed the meeting at considerable length, showing the sisters their duties and privileges, and encouraging them to faithfulness. Jn the evening there was a meeting for tho Y. L. M. L A., and many others, old and young, assembled . , - , . . with them. We had an interesting time listening to our honored elder sisters, E. R. Snow and E. Davis, who gave us such counsel and advice through the Spirit of the Lord that We need not go astray from the truth. Owing to the sterility of the climate we have not as yet raised any mulberry trees therefore we have not turned our attention" to sericulture, bat are endeavoring In our weak way to encourage all home industries, and be in in doing-a- ll can, connection thegoodWe : co-worke- rs very valuable paper success, we remain, &c, Miss Mary. A. Hawks, Prea't, Miss Sarah H. Smart, Sec. CORRESPONDENCE. Salt River, 1 8 78. May 26, Editor Exponent: Good health generally pre vails in camp. Our canal is nearly finished, and we hope soon to get ourselves established on our own property once more. We will then be about five miles from the river, and about of the PImo and twenty miles north-eas- t Maricopa villages on the Gila, the same at which the "Battalion boys" spent Day, when they passed through this country. Tho Indians havem6stly desert-eNew-Year- 's d the Gila,,it having sank or dried up two or three years since; this is frequently the ' . case .with ; small streams In this country. Upon being told while travelingj ' that wo should cross a certain river the first to-da-y, question that presented itself would be is there water In it? Ths Indians visit us s frequently, but are not such persistent as thelites, although they do not refuse anything offered , We hope to benefit them by precept and example We hold Sabbath meetings under a large tree; the brethren are taking measures to Organize a Sabbath School. We have a day school ia successful operation, taught by MIs3 Zulie Pomeroy, with about twenty pupils, so you see we do not mean to have Arizona too far behind other Territories in the next school reports. The Mexicans are mostly Catholic, their graves are all ornamented with a cross, sometimes rude and uncouth but always in the form of a cross. They seem to be satisfied with what they have and seek nothing further. It Is rumored that the Apaches have broken away Jirom. their reservation on the Little Colorado, and are doing jsome mis- cuisi iu raucuemen ana siock, nowever wo do not anticipate any trouble with them. ouiut? y uip uxuiurua nave Deea ueiu uuw the settlement oh 4he San Pedro, and things thero ih h prosperous condftion. Our town site is selected: It is i beauti ful location for a town, there will be no, uccu ?racKsjt w grauing ier. sireei-ea- r level and: smooth, hot even "rocks or gravel. They are talking of calling it Montezuma, beg-gar- . ounseior3-Mar- f Agnes Durrant, . v: 4 V : i We the sisters of Hoy tsvillo, would like to represent ourselves ia thoAVOMAK'a Exponent. We were; reorganized December 6th, 1877, by Presidents WV Clun; and Bishop Alonzo Winters. The following named sister were sustained as officers: Parlhenla A. Holt, President, Sarah Mills, Ziori. -OO Wheat stored..... Our ciphers may not be quite as large as some Societies can show, but if 1 comes to the real point as it was said to the sisters when the rfirst! Society was organized in Nauvoo, comfort those that are sick, build &c then I think up the broken-hearteour Society can stand equal with any other organization, and surely our President can. I do not think there , is anything out of the way in writing of our President; I hope that I will not wound her noble feelings by doing bo; but we all know that she shows a most worthy example to all that wish to do right. It can truly be said of her, when trials and troubles bend down a woman's heart, her comfort Is not far off, and cannot fail to have its effect, when it comes from a heart that has passed through some of the severest trials that a woman can endure. There is not a ptwmr in our settlement sick, or in need of comfort but she will visit them; there are none for years passed - that have drawn theUulast breath andbeeiu laid away to rest, neither old nor young, rich or: poor,:but her kindrhand has administered, the last services, as we all wish a kind soul to do for us. And what comfort that Is to thoso who are left to mourn, as it Is our nature ztp do. n None can tellf only; thoso who have passed through this trouble, and by them it can never be forgotten. No one can Bay of her that she tiver ! refused when called upon, and even when her health would not permit. That is the only fault (if it can bo called so), that she thinks too little of her own health, and is not careful enough; but our prayer is that the Lord will strengthen her, now especially as her health Is poor and her strength over done?, that she may bo spared to do good, and be a comfort to us and her family; I might say much about her instruction and teach-in- g in our meetings) but I only say it is excellent and full bf the good Spirit. ' I do not say It to praise her, that Is not what she is working for; I only say to all who are with her to "go and do likewise," that tho Lord may bless and strengthen them in their efforts to do good, and all will be put down in the great treas-of the Lord; that will be opened k when we meet behind the jveil; then will come the reward of the righteous. R. Louise Hasler, Sec'y. Editor ExroNENr: tended, considering the scattered condition of the sisters. We have under cultivation four acres of wheat, and have fifty-fiv- e cents in the tannery. dollars and eighty-fiv- e We are striving to become united in doing alt the good we can towards building up 39. 93 ......2G1 bu. Balance in Treasury. . E XPONE N T . AN'S son has been appointed to fill r June 27, M ; -- re-po- rt . but 'tis not decided. : o an ieei 10 acKnowieage tne nanu v th e Lord i n hri ri cf! n win ft h oft I Wl h I O to : . . be remembered kindly to all inquiring friends, I remaiu yours, etc Feakcelle'E. Robsok. u We have Vol; I, No. 2of Ihe tlnioh published In St. Geonre by J; W. Carpen ter. The motto is Unitedwe"standf divided we: faiy f Price, M ;aJ year. We are glad to see a paper started In that ' vf cinlty, and trust it may prove a successful enterprise. 