e a. WOMAN'S- - EXPONENT. . z : TRUST? IN GOD. f: . ' And dimly and doubtingly waited "Perhaps I shall hoar from His word.'! 1 ; . -- , , . 'If jon patiently fulfill your duty, Be h umble and b on est and true," Then trust Jthe Lord with the, balance, And safely He'll1 pilot yoU through." Berzavbd. 1- ;- FotbeJEwxsT. IMPROVEMENT. . This is, or at any rate should be, a time of improvement j;and it we ilo ;ii6tLiinprov0, it is certainly not; because.; we have no room to dp so; neither is it lor, a lack, of proper teaching, and opportunities to learn what is right. If I have a correct- understanding, this is the main object of pur ; Mutual improvement Associations, that wo may exchange ideas,, and prove a benefit to each ether; 1 think they have nbtberi unsuccessful, though I hope we shall see more rapid progress mado in the futurd:than has been in the past. How much we 'have each been benefited : individually; wo caris best answer for ouiselves; but from observation I am convinced that in dome respects there is a decided, improvement! in those r who d take an interest are .attentive to their duties; one evil in particular I would mention, which has; existed, among our young people, (especially ;tbe girls,) to an almost alarming extend for a number of years, has been steadily gaining ground; it is. the .perusal of light, trashy, and more than. worthless reading matter; it is worse than poison to the young and Inexperienced, impressing their" jijinds with fajs,q and erroneous, ideas ; in regard to life, it3&Im,oty ing many other bad' effects. This' injurious habit, 1 am pleasSd 'to seb decreasing, and I sincerely '"hope and trust' that ere long many 'others' of bur faults and failings especially that Jbf 'taltlirig arid backbitiW (which I am sorry to say Is still much too prevalent among us,' and which' I fear most of us are more or less guilty fot) will sodir become things of the past, and that in their stead we will cultivate principles that will beautify our livas,' ennoble our characters, and enhance our, happiness both here and hereafter. . There are. other things com', bined with: our Associations, which, have been quietly and unobtrusively about these changes, for the better,bringing one is ino labor which is being done: in the Temple; it has employed the time and attention Wch might otherwise-- have been spent in a less laudable cause, it, has also Increased ine work, which there hasr never-be- en tf? . ( in,-an- ; and-whi- ch , - i: . ' - - r,i , a'-- - t St. George,. U7Bt " .? ,. West Jordan, March v, .ho, healtli pthte - isgpoda 1178.:. : , jinltyj pepple .eajerhe lightfuiy ridevery and genejraliycwe have ij'gbod attendahceat our sister two , weeks. Wo meet once atmoqth to speaK ot 4ne. gooaness oi tno Jboru. ana give words ' of comfort and encduYalgement ' to eaclTotiikr. T?h$ ExsdNEiS? is read with: "e'itliferjb.s M itytowrneto and if it was not for & pof tion of the Spirit of God, rcbhld hot J give vent tomy'Tefel-- " Ings; without1 his assistaricd we Cotild''dd nothing; it is through Uiiri'we' live v and have a being; In these latter days He has revealed the principlo of Celestial Marriage through Joseph Smith,, for which I feel most truly thankful, for I know that it: is calculated tor purify and elevate the human fatally; God has promised, inasmuch as we will obey, His, commands! He.wlllbe a friepd to us. .in the day of trial, and. thq Lord says Ho will (have a tried people, : ,;,.-- ,.,.. ; AS:Latter'day Saintsand women, of Godf let us live our religion, pndnot aUowvtho evU ono to whisper ovil things in' onr earsf and try and love eaclj other, and i f yv& hayo a cross id . bear end u re- it bravely.' Nq cross !.no crdwh." ' I pray that I may iiavo thejHoly Spirit toguide; anddirecVWp through life, that ITmay, be coun ted wbr thy 6f,a celestial gloryr--1 feel to say God bles3 all that ; are trying to obey Hiscothmand- -' menlsand jive their religion1 Such is most earnestly the prayer of your bumble sistof, ' ? , ; - ! 1 1 GlarkstohFeb. 27. 1878. till;,.., .n. JCv'. :ni-cm- J ;NOTIGE.t:i " " -j. : ciggs can obtain I should like to add' my voice .Witfi the "feat.of my sisters,othrough'the"column3 ' of 9Hrn feaper;! 'alwaysi'ead 'it with pleasure j hd would not' exchange It fdtf any "other patMsf.Oh, whatra: great .wof tberoi for the sisters in Zlonl It is' tlrtfe"fdr'all up and doing. I know that this Is the kingdom of Godit is the little stone cut out of 1 , to-b- JhetoauntaInrthatlwiIlroii-iin-it-fili3-th- e " 'ret ri;', All WhP maV Wish to' tjurchape Bilkiwhrm WOMAN'S VOICE.' -- " ."' covenant,1AGNES CoOfcElW , MO . , readyIo yburutster in the lt-a- d ? ate da the will o( bur Paitiery'i8tihe! aesirebij ' -' ters, fur he "that rthjnkieth whe istandeth should take heed lest he fall; for a step like th is might into darkness,-- and besid es can we expect the: blessingsf God- - to attend lis, If we destroy the confidence reposed in us,"and break the covenants which we have made in holy places? besides we all have our faults, arid we need not expect charity unless we extend it to others: a husband's faults sfiould be held fs sacred by. tho. wlfej-i- n my opinionrand ifTshe prove false; it may prove the ruin of the man whom sho has sworn to love and honor. If such should be the case, where will the sin rest? But enough of this. Improvement and progress are the Order of the day, they are marching onward with rapid strides in' some directions; new in-- , ventions are being made, others are being brought to i greater perfection j wonderful discoveries fill up. the calendar of. tho;past age. But how is it with the morals of the people of the world, are they improving? Alas,- no I they are becoming more corrupted every day, and wickedness is on the increase. Then it becomes us as a people to be valiant in the cause"' of trutfi, and uso our. best; endeavors to steni the current of vice and degradation whicli brings nothing but sorrow and misery. ; o let us bo strong and brave In thV cause of'Zion' - - f piMiand: blamed thliiliirSelf that h enrls hcgpbd" Qhpugh for ypu,ln5 ybiimHslWapirO lilghi er, and consequently - fieet to be Telased from him whoiook you la all 1 We would rather suffer aflllctlon with the people of God: than to enjoy the pleasures of sin for a season; for whom the Lord lov- oth He chasterieth.' jjQ um Io vo theiLord. our neigh, our God with al your hearts and ' ' bors as ourselves.' Let us, as 'sisters, in a cheerful temper, union try be kind and fogiylng one with another, have forbearance, meekness, and above all ;chaitywlii7wpi help us to lpveonp ;an and-cultiv- his duty and live upip the reqiiir of the r Gpspelj &T not become so r nqti fiedj : 'thai'you; 3ncybecausd Henjay byaQmo fault fori which, perhkps r ; 1 from ixiy subject but if my reader will bear with mo I would like ittcoririection with this to say a few words ioUhe girls in relation 'to marriage. - First " to those' who have not yet enteredinto the1 holy bond? of matrimony consider welt , tho; step beforO itisiiaken make itr a vinatter vol; unceasing and earnest prayer, until you are. f satisfied TwhpnTyouThave thatourarefightiaBo! mader choice of a husband, one; who; belpng ''tQdur.Chlif by the, Priesthood and who is striving, to do ! 4 heliiith bur if:hd fiadpreyiousiy" gohey Womeri aia men.; than I fear i digress! fag1 very much . 1878. fulnes-bficelestla- cato true epentunc,' It s ofen' th'o'!h6i crite 'who blows his bwn.lrump6!A especially , Was there any Qne else la the. meetinjr, Who needed) a oontfortoff;word?t-- f ! i Was it given to me only this greeting, "Just leave alt thereat with the Lord'; Feb 24, lestfal Marriage, fowe know that tbut canhbt we to attain a it Blessed glory arpatb?y that ! trust in God and obey the voicoTpfV we are faithful, wetwlli bbjlieirs and jotnt-- v a oyer 'zealous'' " 5'tiparahce1 does not ind JmarkI-hinhUapples- . "WTasrtir ( Whilee triy guard 'again' bemihg, sanctimonious , : , , ; so wil much more bp required pf uh. , ; .utiesanrvbi"3 wiil;hayeilttle time for (eiiherjnovel. We certainly have the least excuse for doing so, of "any people oh the earth j and in- - There was noorie In whom I could trust.' For deathi on hb mission, had taken, r,And.thwia1my,cke4.rebeiUonli,:. 0 how I wished I was therej .Thenll thought of the little ones loft, me,. Who Deeded my jove anTmy care; And turned unto Him who bereft me,' He heard and He answered my prayer. Ho you ask how I know that He heard ' me? r I went to the ?House of the Lord," ' whole eartbf. . I bften think how thankful we all ought to feel for bur mountain' hbrne, away, from the tumult that is abroad in the. world.; Here, where we can .worshjp God, , iuri Father, according io Wfctationfbf1-His7.SpirItwhere we have prophets arid to lead and dictate !us, where' wo apostles' Cad:oDey.? theyreVelatiohs of God feiven in . The earth seemed a desert, forsaken, . Its brightness and beauty were gone r I felt that the grave was a haven,.; A refuge from grief and despair; . , all our legitimate: ' " " " we My heart seemed bursting with sorrow , My spirit boWeddown.to the diiat; I dared nbt loot forth to the morrow. . .scarcity of f TnTthls par tof thereby Ptry If is .my.ppinlpnthatfifu'we properly attend to For tbe Fjcpowistt; . 3155, . ,, : . o thm from Mrs. Lorlnda itobin-so- n pf JFarmlog'tbn. It would be well for those who: intend t pprcbase to secure what qa'n ti-- ty If desirable they could they :ayjiieabd iftavetheminMm UmcftO rbdko uae of air thebi: nilherrv'trnpa bf Hizcs JbLo.tWsJ.iwel.m-ii- V to forty cents' aplecei 