J ' . - vr ? . - - : WO MA N the enjoyment she had in visiting the Societies in that vicinity. Counselor E R. Snow made some remarks in which shq exhorted the mothers td use their influence with the young people against night excursions and evening parties to public grounds or gardens. Parents do not forsco the consequences of these pleasure-parties- . Wo like to have our young "people enjoy themselves together, but thero is an influence abroad whose tendency is to destroy, and if wo are stupid and thoughtless In to the youth, the Lord will hold us responsible for a great many evils. Young ladies can have a great deal of Influence over young men if they will use it in the right direction, and mothers should use their influence Avith their sons and daugh- ters, The powers of darkness are so on the alrt that we need to be wise and careful. ibrweTafq called f 6iaW souls as well las the hreftiren- .President of Lynne and Marriott express, ed herself p!end to meet with the sisters in the general meetings, and realized the great work that the sisters .were doing. Counselor Ziha "D Young rrade some remarks and spoke in strong terras against night excursions. Counselor 8. M. Kimball In her remarks refer rod to having visi. ted some of .the dens of iniquity In o(hr c ities when s,bo had heard tho erring wail over their conlii lion and it hadtaught her sympathy for the repentant and sorrowing, and she felt the mission of assisting in re. form was the noblest one women could have Counselor Phebe Woodruff said she felt the meeting was a feast, she had not heard anything save what was profitable and good; wished our youth could see tho necessity of carrying out the counsel of the authorities of the church. We mothers should guard and watch .ourselves and ret a good example and teach t hem Vorrect principles, isaid many other good things. Mrs. E. 8. Taylor made a few remarks alluded to night excursions, said if only the pure and good went to thoso places they would bo enjoyable, but it was not so, the company was mixed and we should use our utmost ifluenco against all such amusements. Teach the young people good s at home and in their meetings, and dp all in our power to restrain tHem from ' evil. v -- 7 Editor The-Rell- ef 41. 14 14. 90 G7. 73 710. ' 00 00 70. 34. 00 I. For wheat..; Amount in Treasury.... Emma Brown, President, M. Murdock, ) Mary Day ball, J counselors, Siha Brown, I Emma Trolman, f Secretaries ' Agnes McGee, Treasu re r. - d Bloomington, Idaho, March 25, 1878. Our Young Ladies' Mutual Improvement Association was organized Feb. 16, 187C, under, the direction of Mrs. M. I. Home, " With the following officer!: Hetty DunnfPrejJdenr, Emma Thornick, " Mary Jane Beef Clara Walker, Harriet Thompson, Christine Jacobson, Mary Patterson -- : - it is practicable to make our own hats and bonnets. The spirit of improvement is manifested -among our youug people to a great.degree, and they seem desirous out the counsel and instruction of our beloved President, Brigham Young, in all respects. Our sincere desire is for the prosperity of ' to-carr- y Zion. Your Sisters, &c Hetty DuNN,Tresident, Josephine Hart, Secretary. East Mill Creek Ward, May 22, 1878. ' Editor Exponent: It is with feelings of pleasurable emotion a month, and considering our scat terjed con. dltlon, the meetings jare well attended, Wo. remember the, poor and administer to thelr necessities as occasion requires, and we enjoy tho Spirit of God. We have a Y. L. M. iTA., which Is in good working - rck . vuuuvivta. Secretaries. M.Neff, B;"Mr Moses, Treasurer. nnv vnnvnon !to f inn thflrAWno ha in officer?. Wo have excellent meetings Tri 1 held scmi.mouthly. Our Bishop attends frequently, and by his wise counsels as well as pleasant and affable manner, shows that we as well as the rest of the ward are the objects of his care and solicitude. Peace love and unity dwell in our midst; every member seemsawake tq her duties and quite ready to respond tp ahycall. Our worthy President with her able Counselors aro prompt in all their duties and the Society feel, in listening to their counsel, they are blessed and prospered. , , Our financial report Is as follows from Dec. 13th, 1877. Cach donated for Temple.. $17,7." . Disbursed for ithe same............ .14,50 Donations received for general pur. poses... 94,67 Paid for wheat... 45,2(L Disbursed for benefit of Society... 30,10 Uemaining In Society in goods, 1 1,00 carpets etc Cash paid for lumber for wheat : Eor olBousanll sbingles.....;. Nails for wheat bin...,.,,,,,.,...,.,,. For Banner, E. M. C. S. S.......... Stock in Big Cottonwood Means donated for a New Ward ....... - House . . r... Co-op- ... Josephine Hart, Secretary, Elibeth Hart; Assistant iSecretary,-;-.:We hold our meetings once in two weeks. Our exercises consist of select read ings from the Church works and other good books. Our Association numbers in all seventy.two members, mostly small girls. We held our first anniversary Feb. 10, at 1 o'clock p. ra. Bishop Wm. Holmes and some other brethren were present and gave us some good instructions. In the evening the young ladies gave an entertainment, whlclrconsisted af songs and recitations; the Y. M. M. I. A. assisted the young ladies; the performance was a credit to those who aided in the entertainment.. We want fis soon as M. . Couhselofa. I now send you a report of our , society. With heartfelt thanks to tho Giver of all good that He has so blessed our efforts that . members. working order, with twenty-si- x The Society was organized in Dec, 1870, and reorganized Feb. 4, 1878, by Bishop N. C. Murdock and his Counselors, C. Rich-en- s and E. Buys. Having no place of our own to meet in, we hold our meetings in Sarah Skidmore, F. M. Neff, ' s Edxtor Exponent: V Society -- House.!MLi1 To Silk Association ClIAllLESTON," Wasatch Co. , May 23rd, 1878. tho Charleston Meeting House once 20., 29 quilts...... n yJ)isbursed to the poor., To ChanestonMeeting - ExroKENX: Lydia Orguthorpe, g Dividend............;......................: prin-ciple- - In-storin- Profit-o- :' . re-ga'r- A. E. Neff, President 11 E. "find El P OK EN T. order, and will result in a great amount of good to, tho Daughters of Zion, who will i in prove t he opportu ni es gi ven the iq in the Association. We aro trying to carry out the counsel given by our late, beloved President, Brigham Young, up. is' tho Tho Financial Re following grain. tne Jieiiei oi oociexy: port Donations recelViesiiiiVrtM,,.t35;i$3-- II. S REPORTS. The General Retrenchment Meeting in tho, Fourteenthwas .Ward Assembly Rooms, very well attended; Mrs. June 8. 1878, M. I. Home presiding; her ;Counselors-B. Snow, Zina D. Young S.! M. Kimball and I. Woodru (T vero also on t ho stc nd. After the usual exercises and tho reading of minuter from several Young Ladies' As$ sociations, the President M. I. Home, gave S wo can give so favorable an account of our labors"! as a "Belief Society. Wo should ..long ago Myo sent it, according to the promise made at tho memorial visit of Snow,Mrs.M.I.Horne,Mrs.Wood. ruff and Mrs, Howard; but tho multiplicity of bates incident to the daily lifo of a wife and mother, iiiust bo our apology for not ... doing. so.befofe; we will try. and do belter in the . future. We were first organized Dec. 13tb, 187G by Miss Eliza R. Snow, un. dcr tho sanction of Bishop W. G. Young ' '. with the following officers: your-self,Slst- er - ic.oo ' 4,00 2,00 12,35 25,00 .128,40. Donated in goods for work done for temple...... Wheat on hand... 0,00 85 bu. Praying for the richest of heaven's bless, ings to be with and attend you, we aro most respectfully yours, A. E. Neff, Pres't. F. M, Neff, Sec'y . WOMAN'S RECORD. The "Woman's Journal" tells us of a lady lecturer on Communism,' who held forth on Pennsylvania Avenue in Washing, ton, D. C., May 5th. She had all the arguments of Butler and Yoorhees at her tongue's end, and declared the American Commune was already strongly organized. Miss Catherine "Esther Beecher died at Elmira, New York, on Saturday, May 11th, at the residence of her brother, Rev. Thomas K. Beecher. She was born at Kast Hampton, Long Island, Sept 6, 1800. The death of Prof. Fisher, of Yale College, to whom she was betrothed while youngr, changed the whole course of her life, and she never married. She taught for many years in seminaries arid institutions of learn- ing, and devoted herself to the development of plans for the education of women, In writing and teaching. Miss Beecher has written somo books that have been widely circulated.: " works, Common Sense Applied to Religion was the subject of much comment in religious circles, differing widely from the old Calvlnistic theology. -- Her personal influence has been-- very great. Her brother, Rev. Henry Ward Beecher, In referring to lier life, said, "Few persons, even In the ministry, had influenced as many minds a3 ho she reached the mother mind and whoever carries the mother mind moye3 the world. Although she was not a mother, she had reached and influenced million?." had,-becaus- e pheVof-herlat- er enU-tlcd- .1 