' , , . TO SUSA. . IN ANSWER. TO :, . : "BY THE BROOKi" 'Til strange that Nature, with gentle seeming: i ing it.would bo perfectly safo with him. It was this veri tabid copy, Which was pre:; served, i ri the providence of God, that has for since been published: to Emma (Josb1?h,0ife);kfterwrd becomlfcg ; indignant, burned the original, jinking she. had destroyed the only written docu' ment .upon the subject in existence.' 3Iy husband, revealed these things to me; we had lways beqn united, and had; the utmost faith add .'confidence in each' othor. We pondered 'upon ihfrm conUriu&Hy; 4nd ou r pra&ers',were, uuceasirig. that the Lord would grant u's some special ' manifestation concerning, this new and :strangO doctrine'. The. fiord was'very merciful to usj He re.' vealed uiitd,ua Hi3 pdwor and glory. We werq seemingly wrapt in a.heaverily vision,; a halo of .light encircled "uiatid We; Were;'; convinced ip our own minds thit God heard and approved ourprayeis and jnterbedings before Him. Our hearts yere jcomforted, and our faith made so perfect that we we're then : willing to gi ve Jn::; 3nly seventeen, year$; of nau the holy order oj piurai marriage. one been raised In the strictest manner a , re garded propriety, virtue and chastity; she as.' pure 'in thought, ift feeling, and in. was . ' .1.1 impulse as n, was possioie ior a youpg gin to be. Ye'ti laying aside all our traditions aud former notions in regard to .rnafrtage, we gave her with blirmutual consent. She was the first .woman, ever given n plural marriage by br "with the consent of both parents. Of course! these things had to be kept an Inviolate secret; ands some were false to their vows and pledges, persecution arose, and caused grievous sorrow to those who had obeyed, in all purity and sincerity, the requirements of the celestial order of marriage. The Lord commanded his servants they themselves did not comprehend what the ultimate course of action would be, but were waiting further developments from heaven. Meantime the ordinances of the house of the Lord were given, to bless and strengthen us in our future endeavors to promulgate the principles of divine light and intelligence; but coming in contact with all notions and princias. heretofore the articles of reples' taught ligious, feih, it was not strange'iriat many could net receive it; others doubteoTahd only a few remained firm and Immovable. Among that number were my husband and myself; yet although my husband believed and was firm in teaching this Celestial order of Marriage hV was slow in practice. repeatedly told him to take a wife, or wives, but he wished to be "so extremely cautious not to'do.what would probably have to be undone, lhat in Josephs day he never took a'wife. When lie did" do so, he did it to fulfill a duty due to the principles of divine revelation as'ho understood his.duty, and believing sincerely 'that1 every man should prove his faith' by his works; but he afterwards took several Wives, and with . one or two exceptions7they came into tho same house ' with mo; and my; children'; therefore, I believe I am Bafe In saying that I am Intimately 'acquainted ' With the prac' tical part of polygamy.; Mvtld; . Should whimper words of noble meaning " .. . To mortal minds; . "That llghtnlnjr's flash and thunder'a. routterj Brooks, flowerg and breezes should sometimes utter Truths most sublime. I, too, have found a friend, my sister, A ripplimj brook, whose quiet whisper Oft soothes my soul, AS byrits side I sometimes wanderr i O'er '.'Jcnbtty points' to think and ponder, V Past toy control. y ; And thusr one day, as erst perusing-Thtender plaint, I fell to musing j By my brook side. "Shalt wrofii go unredressed In Zion? Is there no power we may rely on? No band to guide? "Can man thus crush a woman's power. And tear from her, her rlghtful dower ' To guard her own :;, i, To btea. tto life phfMl another, Mother And prove the holy ;)ot of y ; ' kibl Jph, "I bad supposed that Roman's mission , V And she might feel or brother, be friend, husband, be That, Man can not trample oa another , ... Without appeal., ; As thus I mused, a gentle murmur, As soft and low as breeze of Summer, Fell on mine ear; The sunbeams thi ough the branches glistened, As silently, en rapt I listened '' These words to hear.' " ; : . -- 1 . ; "Some men may err, and others falter, But God's designs they cannot alter, " His words prevail. Though He may deem It wWto chasten, 0 soon Hi loving hands will hasten To lif t the vaiL "He leads His servants as He wllleth, And through them HJs.iiesigns fulfllletb, Then why repine? j For though ve may not know His meanings Behind the clouds His smiles are beaming, And soon tby pathway will be streaming With light divine." Quikt. " ', ' pre-conceiv- ed was during the time We lived at the Brick Store that Joseph received the revelation pertaining to Celestial Marriage; also concerning the ordinances of the House of the Lord, "He had been strictly charged by the angel who committed'these precious things into his keeping that he should only reveal them to such persona as were ' pure full of integrity. to he: trutlQ and' worthy to be entrusted with divine messages: that to spread them abroad would only be like casting pearls before swine, and that the most profound secresy must be maintained, until the Lord sawftti6 make it known pnblicly through His servants. Joseph had the most Implicit confidence in my- hus .,. banduprighthess and integrity of .character; be, knew him capable of 'keeping a secret, and was not afraid to confide in him, as he had been a;Jbree Mason for many years. He therefore confided to him; and a; few others, the principles set forth in that j revelation and also gave him the privilege to read it and to make a copy of it, know . -- - . , . ciation held its Annual Convention ,ln In-- 1 " diangpolis, Npvi 13; hhd 14. Wegathei :a; fo W important Items in referenco to tho Convention irom our Exchanges.f There were many ' leading jsuffragsts preent The Com mi ttee on Cred e n tialsreporfed thirteen states represeniea. ur. mary j? j. nomas readthe"ieKrt - of ' he;uriv4ptoiif PrdsldentBif the Wm. Ioyd Garrison 1 Jo-se- ph -- " 'wiflk mxiYtPPM.-- ColoradoTsaid If East would contribute workers tho next report ffom' .tho, Oenteu rnii-f- 4 ' irrff ra w ri it rVi i j tiIqI Rfofft wnill ( hn vers phan t. j The' speakers ; of' whom particular i 4 J. Ellen mention was made 'werb Fbster.of W. CajrapbelI,v:Hanah'rTir CutleryHon. i Eastman. George W. Julian and .'flafy Resolutions were adopted, from which wo extract the following:" :' : . WhereasTheoretically governments de- rivo their just powers from tho consent bf the gpvernea; ana whereas, .r practically, women are the greatest sufferew from defective; legislation, therefore,'; It esot ved, That a go yernrnent of tho people, by the people,' for thobple, must be a government equally cpro and. women; and that ,'thb cfr$pbmtl66i tho sexes la alike essential to a happy homea refined society, a Christian church arid a ' Republlcan'State. " ' 4 . Whereas, The United States courts have affirmed that "tho regulation of suffrage belongs exclusively to the Statei,( and that "women are citizens, and iisucri may ,1 do maae voters by appropriate State Ahd'whereaa a slxfeenth amendment to the federal constitution, abolishing political, d Is tlnciion on account of sex, although just and necessary, can be more easily obtained when several States have set the example; therefore, rr ,(i- , Resol'vcdi That wo iirge eveFyxfstiiig State association to renewed effort upon ' the next and each following State Legislature, and in. evtry State; where ho such association exists we urge In dividual effort, and theVIpamedlalo formation of a State society' legis-latlqn- V. , That gallant sailor,1 the British Admiral Ramsey, says hat on the doast of Africa he oncesaw a regiment or and. riue-Wome- ri saw a finer regiment All the officers' were women, and thero was not one man- in the whole Regiment. They were 'mos t courageous; and' fought bravdyifJtt fact.' a friend told him that when thof wont IMb" action iney longnt uko so many tigresscaf. DoiT refuse yoiirwiiro a little extra spend, ing money just now, if sho should ask It; - -- 1 - - (To be continued.) ; tee. A. W: S. Association, war unable 'to' bo; present, dui sent a. lener aoio, ana eio quent." which- was read by Hr.'iHinktey of' unoae isiana.- miss Maxiaa, jtiipaman. oi ' A LEAP FROM AN AUTOBIOGRAPHY. . The American Woman Suffrage Asspr ; , It NOTES AND NEWS. -- . Neath Gospel sway found' full fruition, " ' and dressincr crowns next Christmas. . Washington Postv,' --'.- ..' . 