i: 159 this country in which a woman ever addressed "a" nationarpresidential convention. As chairman of the Kesident Congressional : committee;; 7pt tlie"UdnaI"Woman Suffrage ; Association, Mrs.' Spencer has sent out within a year "thirty-tw- o thousapd and appeals to Amendmentipetitiona are familiar, through ' daily papers. a good attendance and th ere :.:;:. : i: SaitsLake City, Feb. 24th, 'ii . 'if th'e Loftl LotJiSA wUi, g, ' Expenditure For the Templet i... : T ths mind destroyed some particle of "brain were For Meeting House...".. For the Poor..;....;.....:. s,' :..'.i..ti: ; most For Woman's Book For contingent expenses..,........... Total. exceede3 te!accumultibff of "new matter by a large proportiou. The1 lecturer, af&r defining sleep" as due : to the diminution "of blood m the brain, cited some curious instances' of is exteaordihaiy I wjjjJ- B.& "descnDed'a? spries of interesting expenuVcts "by himself; and others upon a dog' placedWder the? mfluenco of jethef, n Balance in' cash, wheat and other - - 1 5 A. L.Cox, Sec. ? ul I cultivating the mulberry tree. The receipts rand disbursements: for the year 18 77 we re read W h ich were'tfs follows : Jan 1, 1877; in 'TreaVr.V.."..w. $ 137 77 iS 'i 112 95. liecaauring year.. r,--T-- Total . - - - . , 250 ......,....;.'X33 72 Disbursed...... 44 Janl1878. Balance on hand.... i. 117 28 For Wheat Fund.....:...-.......;....:.11 65 Five cent Temple Fund-.........- ..." 23 40 , .Total amount Prcsideni Mrs A Mary -A---- r : MlNEliSVILLE, : r. r - Leaveras' - Beaveh Co., Feb. 23d,1878 Editor Exponent; Jtiat Society.ls iaaxhealthy ' L condition and is, we trust, on that grand: highway of improvement pointed out to" us by our beloved Prophet, Brigham Young, who has passed r behind the veil. Our; meetings, which we, hold onco a week, are well attended, and a; general good feeling prevails. We issue a manuscript paper twice a month, the mem--ber- s each editing it In turn; most of the ..articles are original. We still retain our , old name, but ara waiting patiently for the, us and give us a anthorities to new one. We. have thirty-thre- e names en- to them from time rolled and keep adding der the" stoulderswould rfbya iBeneficialiii.Otli-,ers, by (eating a liht and easily digested meal just uciuru ruiiriug Svjcureu me ueat.oi repose. t . -- ? : Silver, we are - 4 ze . 1 1 - : told, Is the currency earliest mentioned in Scripture.1 ' There has been a serious blockade of ithe railroad between Ogden and Omaha; all trains stopped for five days. Snow plew3 worked diligently clearing the track, and trains have resumed running. About tho time of our going to press the fir ;t. mail! arrived sinco the 8th Inst. : ? re-organi- 152 33 ' p.pjmtal -- i 270 bushels."1. : "which pieces r of tho1 skull:! wereTretriovcdf?ran fiteep proved to bp: accompanied by an Vabsen'ce of blood in" the iressefs rbf'"lie jbrainand wakeful-- ness b the ' return lM the same 'fladin largo quantities. Anxiety or other Amotions or ' affecj- -' t'ions carried to a' morbid extent were mbro oflen the'causo of wilxfulQess than 'lii)i9' the' repe'aieU although IdttrfifyeVpnloogod1 with undue frequency,' rwasfjualIJ tnarraful,-)'Aj- s the capacity for 'iWp depended upbirtne5 amount of blood in the brain, and that amount was largely under the control of" the individual there jras no difficulty rasQ'disposmgth'o as to invite "6leep"'and overcome the evils of wake- -' fulness i Many persons who would feel sleepy in a chair, would become Iwiiq awake on lying down, jsimply because of the floV bfr blood 'to the ;headr iFot such persons a high pillow, reaching well un- articles at jcost yalup...l........ 1J07 CJj Total amount of wheat stored bv. R. 8. ;Utsh"op 'Sheets ' - " "k" hnM-'foicf- : 28'2.f 35 Li. dnnngwakeMnessThe expendi- ejOTectiye ture of 25. 38 25. 00 42. 99 r. ... ; ifnot'fof Iho'gradnai 'b'ufldfng ujf)1 of gg'' 06. 56 92. 42 .'. matter,-an- d fresh material which; was ( qn'fai'the'me m Ifiwas a5 Wfe'cE1 would become it time, speedily during sleep Cthaf this' recupera'tife1 process' was k y Mammona, ot JNew . Secretary's Report of Manti R. S., for the year ending FebMst;: 1878. Totai receipts for that me......."4380. J)8 ' v " -- tn a " feonl lecture , - of God. Mis3 E. it. $now icifcorteil the sisters to faithfulness in . all the requirements of thdso praced oyer them, to sustain to do their "duty in tein. the poral as weli.as JpIriH Commission . Stor e liad done much good, and wished the sisters to sustain it. Coun selors McMurin and Brockbank were pleas-- . ea witn. the. remarks, of the , sisters; . felt that they were doing much good in estab- ; .. daring eieSlAlqng, mwneiit'.aQd Jn &amsi; fcul stor-in- g even in was ln deepest sleep it cniployeq new tne u- be to up .aissipatea energies . tnrel Uf it rytix$ noi d,JtiVi4ettlmt 'pome par r . of tho Morgan hid comparatiye rest ;w1u1q eth'er were,at "work, it would soon wear out' 'alfegelhert Every pulsation 6! the heart, every tlioiighV of i.,?4- - q meetings The work on the Temple is steadily pro. grossing, and will probably bo pushed with renewed energy in the Sprin A good spirit- prevails in our meetings, and those who take an active part In the " Society are doing much good in the cause of Zion by relieving the necessities of the poor and helping to forward the public works. Wishing you continued success in your arduous editorial labors, I remain.your sis3 ter in the "Gospel; A. L. Cox, Manti R. S. here on earth, land swe 'must be to ready respond to the calls of ; the servants WEEDEAsWSec'y Bleep on "bleep," Ur. Wiuiam A build a granary, tho present year, and.in s. EEre Sit. Smmond'on ; duellmeStoreUI on the second floior. viv iy.& ot.-onf- It Is the intention of the presidency of the Society to works, So-cie- ty felt to endorse with the brethren what the sisters had said, felt to encourage: silk-cture said that the sidters present had given gooa aa vice ana counsel on the necessity of Toiirs, &cJ. MELkssA Dr-In- be done s. r selves, 10, 1878. Report s - ciety hich s in a more flourishing condition financially than ever before. 'The Ladies Store is also very prosperous, and is quito a source of revenue to the Society which is tho largest shareholder; the divifor st dends are used to purchase wheat ' or assist in forwarding the public self-sustaining; home-inUu4trle- , jLwkins, Sec'ys I send. yoa the Annual the necessity of becoming said the saints should be united and sustain those who are Jryiiig tptafclish' M. 'WoorjtoVoung and Taylor made excellent remarks on building Temples and baptism for the dead, said that we had much to do and the work must lishing i Edttor Exponent: The Relief Society of the Bth Ward held a special meeting at the Meeting Jlouse Feb. 13, 1878. Ail the others .of the woro present; and by invitation Miss E. R. Snow, Mrs. 'M. I. Home, Phebe Woodruff, Zlna p. Young, and E. S. Taylor; also Bishop Sheets and Counselors. Meeting conducted in the usual manner by singing and prayer, etc.. Mrs. Horne addressed the meeting on home manufacture, home-industrie- - ER.Flfccikb; S. A. II - 7l every good word andjwork. . God grant the time may come soon when wickedness shall ; be swept off the face of the earth,- aed Zlon ; will arise and shine and her daughters shall be found worthy of the placehdIsfation7i prepared for themif "faithful to their boye-- J nants. Praying that tfila maylo thQlhappyi lot of us all and wishing you. continued: our-- i success and- prosperity,' wo subscribe t is a spirit of MANTieb. Editor Exponent: home-industrie- tarckt)fHime7an4-be-unltedwith-th;em- ' save us in Ufa Kingdom. 1878. . -- he speaker, for the pleasure afforded' us; Tin-- .' proYemenHs; our motto, and w.e do 4eslre: I to keep pace with our sisters in the onward M j E. S. BEPORT. eloseavotef-thanks-wastendeied4t- interest awakened frith them, which I trust wHlbntinue.-May Got! bless us all with His spirit and I , -- . In conclusion, we tnlnk that every will find encouragement n this brief histo. ry of what one woman can accomplish. With no Influential friends at tho beginning of her career, with obstacles meeting her at every step before .which many a soul has faltered and failed she has pressed untiringly forward In her life of usefulness and lofty endeavor,' maintained by the conscious rectitude of her "unfaltering purpose. Let our young workers take heart, There is no . obstacle too great for the dauntless spirit to overcome "youngrlad iesToMhisrplaceisubj ectMa h tfdot and :Customr of rthe-- HindooslHIsAkltsit , themelitlnjira efited by the good spiri that prevailed. Our young ladles hold their meetings regularly which are very interesting; they have 7 ;r'7, reader , ? hours very agreeably, ail seemed to enjoy the medium of the W-- ? 4 they partook ol a generous supper ;by. the Spent a few hospitality of; the Blslipp; i , .Wil- ered a jnost.interesting and Instructive 'lecture here, under tho auspices of the com?oi bined Association! of the young menu andio pairedcHhBishop United States, and Is In correspondence with associations of women in. thirty-fiv- e States. With the later labors of Mrs. Spencer in the Woman's Congress, andTbefore the several committees of the National Con- gress, at --Washington! most of ourreaders ; i liam Fothertngham, of Beaver City, deliv- those presenito .proptbywhat they,Jiad heard; felt that weihad been: blest In hay- ing a visit from them, felt- - to thanfe ttiem1" for their good counsel and advice. The meeting adjournedand ther invited guests Six-tAe'n- th tlmeArrsAortitlme agd7 Brdther: to pleased withlhegoodTinstruc U , ..... - 