WO M A N SCBIPTCJBE WOMEN. JJV HANNAH T. i KINO. continued. . :? E t&'P'O S N T. HT-- E and he was ever careful not to assume an ofilce to which He was not ordained, saying on one particular occasion when they sought his Judgment on a certain case,' tempting could be nothing fickle or changeable about him. Martha exhibits a most admirable character, an exemplary housewife, a most words; "who mader me ,a judge?? These words should be a mighjty key, tolljtooth men and worn en. not totalehe judgment seat unl ess they have been ; 1 egally appoi n to that most critical ofilce. Oh! let 113 re- member this'augu soldier of Christ; she; had all faith in him, she worsh ipped h im ; sh e loved to entertain himr:siie.was : the utmost, she eyetd;6x mierht honor and bless him" with thA of her; household ; . she- was. probably somewhat overegrnest'in the. ears of the world sucn a lenaperaiueuiauuaruiy neip Titand whowill censure ? her "when finding she : cannot' accomplish all without help sho hur. : . . also (nameless oat net r conversation Willi luw oayiusvifcxuo weu, reuuers iier rt'-- : (1 :if tii J and comlngtJto tnej well,; which was built up three or four feet above; the level of the ' so thoughtlesslytakelheudgment seat ground, sat upon It to rest himself, while : h enee forth let- his discipleswere one into the city to buy p'ragains tourpf us put our finger on our lips, and wait the food; while there, a woman comes to draw verdict from the rightful judge.':' waters and Jesussaid to her Give me The next two characters are, fas it were, drink L the woman saith li'how-i- s that blended in less than twenty verses of the ihnn hf!nc' a Jaw. riskeih drink of mp. who m 'ii. i ii fifth chapter of St. Mark. A Ruler of the me jws xmviijir uo ueai- am a oauiariiaur Synagogue, Jarius by name, groeth to meet the Savior,and falling at hi,s feet, according jomarka from, the Savior, and He shows her to the Eastern fashion, besought him tl'at He know her previous life, which calls my little daughter lieth at the point forth from her the remark, "Sir I perceive of death, I pray thee come and lay thy that thou art a prophet. They continue hands upon her that she may, be healed; talking and at last' she said "I know that and she shall live." He, seemed to have Messias cometh; which js called Christ; when lie comes Mo will tell us all things;" just the right faith; and Jesus went with him, and a great multitude followed him, caa uiiiu uiai ioua cauu uuiu jio ' so that they pressed upon him; and a cerThen'caniQ ,tho i d isciples, thee, am He tain woman who had suffered severe sick, and wero surprised that' he talked with the ness for twelve years, and spent aUthat she woman, but no man said fWhy talkest thou had with physicians and only grew worse, with her??', The woman then left her water-no- t came in the press behind him, and grasped and ran into the city and saith unto the his robe, for she said, if 1 may but touch men, 'come see a man who told me all that -- his clothes, I shall be healed j ?and In a'mo-meever I d id;", and manyJnvi ted :h im to their she. was made whole! The I Savior hnnsoa fltin'ha nhnna with 1 hem f a yiaho I Li. 1..4 !J in. luuKtu muuuuauu bam "wim luucimuJ ilb jllciv, no o uituu viiy v?Cj wuiuau ia iuu in for I perceive that virtuo.has ' gone out of strument to convey the first intimation of me I The woman then earing and tremthe gospel of life and salvation, who like this woman are nameless, z but their hames : bling, knowing she . was. healed, came and fell down before him and told him all the are written in that Book which has yet to bo opened. ; truthrwhen Jesus said; to her, daughter, And now comes another nam thy faith hath made- thee whole, go in man: nine verses only, tell this episode of peace and be whole- of thy plague.". No her life to unborn generations, yet that name, no place of abode, nothing is told bias but a woman sick and afflicted an earnest brief history inspired some of the woman full qt.faijh and full o'devotion, grandest Italian painters to depict on their 1 immnffftl nnnviiRH. Mnnrl f r omr nnn VTltly VmU and her faith saved her. I realize that were Tealize her position before the Savior, and the Savior now. in our midst, there are God-like nnmberiess women among us that would do His nature, can never behold that marvelous delineation without their whole-souprecisely the same, anq "meet the .same and the deep fountains glorious result. being melted, The Savior passed on in hfsjabbr of love; of their heart beinir broken nn. Th A pa nra t. i tl '2 a --4U soon the friends meet them, !and tell'him ,iuu' vuarauicfa, wuiuu, siooping UOWH, ne trouble not thyself the maid is 'dead; but iracuu ju uiu sanu as mey recountea to him her sin The Scribes and Pharisees were he, turning to the father saith'be not fin tnnnoara nnmnlcr'iltn nV n afraid, only believe thy daughter Is not dead but sleepetfi," and passed on' till he adultery the penalty of which in tha Jaw. ish laws was stoning to death. Without reached the room in which she lay appar: TTa' inTrimorirlrtVr lilmsfilf 4 faislnc nn ently dead, and taking her by the hand he hini that is .without Isin, cast the first stone saith unto her, "damsel, iX iay : unto.thee at her" The woman is drawn In arisel and she arose and walked; and he de. markable picture, kneeling ' with her face sired them to give her something to eat. We seem to linger to hear what she said, nearly touchlng the ground; her long and what her parents said, what the Savior said vvvbl liO II 1 111 1 XLIallUtJ. is scene laid on at the moment he raises ,The that momentous occasion; but no; silence himself up, and Jooking.ro und finds all have is the only r commentary. Yet there is much food for reflection,even from these gone out leaving'him and the, woman'alone He then says "Woman nameless worn en ; and from this brief bu t cuser8?-ihanone condemned thee? she momentous epoch of; their lives. One fea. saith vnone Lord;" Jesus saith-unt- o Mfe is ever visible throughout the Savior's her, neither do I condemn" thwj. mission ; his love and mercy, his gentle d i ir- . ' eo. and sin nn l demeanor, most especially nity, his to women, yes, " even " the erring, that a know some extenunating features of the of worship is called forth by every species ' act of his r case, at any rate he knew well her accusers deep and earnest life were gross 1hypocritcs. and it - wn --nAf much their horror of her cr Mary, they must not bo separated; the'very if possiblle to entrap him in his words, that difference of their characters, geem to they might bring au accusation atrainst .imake the, bond between them Ftronger- , him, Tor they were ever for his7 seeHng many have supposed that the Savior did . llfej but he beat them with their wn Wi. not esteem Martha so, highly as he did . pons In this case; and their own consciences but that is not Mary, how I read It the t would not allow one of them to cast a stone Scripture says expressly "Now Jesus loved Martha and her slster.'and Lazarus sus did not.como in the rannpifv nr . ai the Savior loved once, it was J V ( IliUL't'. i forever; there m m uhft is m m rjrin - - i jLjrojJhatJthe , . vtuwwu. micoocu ; ia;me hnuse Dospiiauiw iMinK n ; wrtman of. if a fioar1 n,:iU VT41" eM jiyuiH w, uuvt, sue WuS thA ; ; The Woman of Samaria next; appears: " . 1 .: t-- ; 1 1 ? . ; ellow-mortal- s, s "1 - t ; ries to her sister and .finds .her lost to all worldly cares si t ting at the 'feet of her Jt ' -- ; sajT-in- g, -- . r -- nt 1 ; ; , - . V V MKTW, V l 1 ' 4 1 . : - it tw r. . - : Ve ..r god-lik- e of all else' his divine teaching, regardless .. 1L. 7, W..kl.i. i If ..imagine juaruw wattiug mupou that rapt audience with the. hasty words, ''Lord 'dost thoiivnot car thatmy sister hath left me to ser,ve alone? Bid her that she help me." How;lmalapropos,' these words read sounds even upon the ;most gracious cars. e By the. mind's eye, I .can see that face raised to hers, andl feel a sweet and gentle smile accompanieo the words, ;that have Bften been deemed a severe rebuke, 1 ' fancy I hear a low sweet voice saying in low tones "Martha, AJtartha; thou art care, f ul and troubled about many things, but one ; thing is needful and Mary .has chosen that good part wbich'i shall rnQt be; taken away fromheri." re Of course there is a gentle reproof jruns .through them, but how sweetly . they might; be; tsaid,, anO whom the Lord loyeth He chasteheth,;and I know by an ihtuitiori : that ; He idife love" Martha, she was probably acting agiinst His wishes, in makino so ereat ah entertainment forhim. but do I feai hiVf Judgment of her? Not in the. least, the Scripture says, "he loved her thnt fa AnmirliULth wnnhHa nf snnh friend are better than the hisses of daily life! The next episode we have in the life of these sisters of Bet hany, is the death of their brother Lazarus. They sent unto Jesus, saying Lcf(l,. he whom thou loveth vis sick I" Jesus; said to his disciples "This ' Bicknessis not tin to death; but for the glory :'. 'nf ClrniJ1" A rift firt 'rmainvrl-Tchorhfttran two days; after that he saith to them, oar friend Lazarus sleepeth but I go that! may awake him, at last he said; Lazarus is dead! : and I am glad for y6ur sakes that I was not there to the intent ye might believe; let us go to him. Then Martha, as 'soon as she heard that Jesu was coming went and met hirn, out Mary sat still in the house. Here r. WO , see the. characters ; of these i sisters strongly depicted, the; one, full of life and energy, the other swallowed up by love and grief and perhaps , hurt .that' the .Savior hoar had seem pd inw nolAf hom VV 4WUA in " thpfr of trial, by delaying his coming. Martha In her warm and.; loving faith, exclaims, "Lord hadst thqU been here my brother had not died I Cut I kno w that whatever thou wilt ask of GodHe will give it thee," :Jesu3 saith; thy brother .shairriseagain." ... god-lik- . ; ; 4 ; ! f - ) - . the resurrection at the last day: Jesus said -- x um me rpsurrpriinn Ann inn lire, i""' thou this? she saith "yea Lord, I believe that thou art the1 Christ. tho son of God!" inen she went and'called her sister h the 'master hath come, and for thee, " and Mary arose) and went quickly, and Jesus stood in the place where Martha had met him: as soon as Mary was ' come near to Jesus she fell at his feet ay ing, ;Ijora Jf :th'6u"hadst been here my brother had not died." .' And r when Jesus secrei-sayin- call-et- , "if V -- -- , w ; s . - Lord, and drinking; In his gracious words " trt- ; j . ed i , . g, 