. ;t r Vol. 7. ODE - stone which I have sot for a pillar, shall be God's House, and I will give a; tenth untothft T.nrri rRpfld Genesis. 28th chap., beKw.inK-risrja -jtJavP.rvLintcrXV &tUM!M estiner throughout. A very powerful tradition, amounting almost to an historical account, declares this stone beneath the Throne Chair in West- t ical stoud that n mi n frterAbbey is Jacob took ' for "his pillow, and afterwards set it up as a consecrated with holy, to pillar of witne33, and as such it stands day. It is also called "the stone- of destiny,'? and tho belief 13 that , the destiny of England, the firm basis on which her laws and constitution, her success in arms, her wealth and prosperity as queen or nations, For the ExponeSt. ;: TO JUKE. . ; ; Bright, beautiiul Jane, with thy Ions', pleasant days," Thy sunshine and languor, and soft, dreamy way 3, All blushing and blowing, and radUnt In bloom, Bathing mountain, and meadow, and vale with perfume; 0 what a world of blossoms, and of Cowers, In the month of June, b tbla fair earth of ours. .. - The glory that rests on the mountains and bills, And music of rivers, and fountains, and rills, And the song' bf the robin, and coo of tho dove, (Inspiring emotions of tenderest lore ,) These well forth In freshixess,'airsweetly attune, To greet with a welcomolhe young maiden, Jdne. Old lichened woods are dark with living green, j And blushing roses everywhere are seen; And 'all the live-lonight the thrush and nightingale, Tour forth in sweetest strains, in some deep vale, Their tales of love, their mysteries, pain and grief, And in sweet sympathy with them there Is relief' For those who mourn, with sorrowing hearts' and tears, The loved and cherished ones of other years,-here is an enchantment in the song and hour, And dreams steal o'er us with bewitching power, While shadowed fancies round our couches play, . Till larks and swallows welcome the coming day. And once again tho earth is robed In light, And princess June is crowned in wild delight, Her sceptre garlanded with wreaths of flowers, Proudly she sits within her leafy bowers; . And everywhere her dainty feet have trod, She left an Impress of the power of God. Emlle. S. L. City, Juno 23, 1878. ,js,-- r. V T All who have visited and explored the glories and beauties of the great National Cathedral of England, Westminister Abbey, have been shown "The Coronation stone" on which tho chair of state is placed, that has borne the sovereigns 'of England for at their coronation. This many centuries ' stono has a mo3t wonderful history- - it is said to bii the identical stone that Jacob took for hisj pillow, when he was sent by his parents to Padan-arato take a wifo of the family of Bethnel, his mother's , ' m brother; he arrived late in the ' evening at the city, and found the gates were shut; "as the sun was set," and being very weary with his long journey, he looked around and found a stono that ho . took for his pil. low, laid down and Boon fell asleep; and God gave him a wonderful dream, or vision: lie saw a ladder set upon the' earth, and the top reached Into heaven! The angels of God were ascending and descending on irr and "the Lord stood at tho top of and in the vision He made a covenantit;" with Jacob that lie would give him the land whereon ho was then , sleeping; and proceeded to give him' mighty blessings, and promised that He would not leave him till he had done all that " He had said. And Jacob awoke, andhe felt afraid and said, "This Is none other but rthe House of, God! and this is the Gate of Heaven" "Arid ho took the stone that he had put for his pillow and set it up for a' pillar, and poured oil upon the top-o- f his vows it, and unto the Lord upon it as a paidof witness pillar between him and his God! And said, This Washington - la something to atf rflct"utten- and Justice tho WyUMdressing .tion, . . . i - ;: :: : - . - : Somo 'Of;thps0whlo:'arV';caHV(i Tespectablo are guilty; pf tliein and: they; esppcially should' be inado to iuffeV the full penalties of the law. Young womenj he said, on ap- pearing alono on tho streets of Washington after dark, are attacked 1 iko tho, clil.ld re n of Bengal and these tigers. In human form do not stop to ascertain whether. their yio tims aro respectable or not. So serious has this evil become, he said, that hp Is "tired of it; hardly da passes that ia ease l of thla kind is not .either brought befbo him ' " or before the lower Court." f 1 ,v "CORRESPONDENCE. L , ; London larch "0th, 1878. From, the ladie3 of tho Belief Society of tho White Chapel Bracch;LobdoD, to tho ladies of tho Relief . Society of tho Fifteenths Ward, Salt Lake CItyi Utah: : , ) :.: ; Dear Si6TEits: Wo return you our sincere thanks f.,r ; the Woman's Exponent which we have received from you and wo 'find much valuable information in its cblumbs and we trust that by tho Spirit of God wo may use1 Ihe information wo gain to the blessing cf the poor, and the jjuild-in- g 'up of God's kingdom? Pardon ;u(Tdr pofc writing before, ai We were' about to celebrate our Fou rt h An n I versa'ry J We ".' thou gh t ou co -- : T ate frora.InsuU younpr old, are no'ldnger while walking alone Iri thC city, hor aroUhe' outrages cpmmittod alone by represehtaUyes of ; ; ' ''4 At . "He "said that eitherladies, Ianfrriatre. '. . cancb? ! The number of assaults upon wpipen in phet Jeremiah visited Britain, and that a daughter of the royal house of, David accompanied him,and they carried this sacred stone with them. It was then carried to Ireland, and afterwards taken by Fergus XIV. to Scotland, who wa3 crowned upon upon it at Iona first Jving of Scotts and Picts, A. D. 530 afterwards Keu no th II. was crowned upon it King at Sione in Pictia. Through James I., of Scotland, and VI. of England, it was brought to England, and placed where it has remained ever since, in Westminister Abbey. All tho sovereigns down to Queen Victoria have; received upon it their loyal crown and holy anointings as such in regular and undisputed descent; and I expect it is far more highly valued than the Kor It is an interesting .einjplpymont to trace, out tho many prophecies respecting this wonderful stono "Tho Stone of Israel" that aro found in tho Bible; and tho very fact of so many, sovereigns being inaugurated upon it for so many centuries, establishes it as "a pillar of witness' between God and those He has seen fit to honor. J V :o i' We live In marvelous times, and many things and many persons now thought little of will bo brought out by the providenco3 of God, and made to stand forth as those . whom He delights to honor. It has boen said the stones of the street will riso up and testify, ; Will not that rough, ragged and weather-beate- n old stono in Westminster Abbey, yet be exalted in its silent oi: long, long years, and tho Kor-i- - Y nor, and tho "Pill diamond,'? and tho Queen of Portugal's "largest diamond in the world," sink into, comparative insighlfi. elo-quen- :o f; - r. BY IIANNAII T. KINO. - w :- -.' - 5 rtngq sal suffrage, irrespective of sex." Congress has adjourned for tho summer, and era; it againjreasscmblesithero jwillTso 'much labor have accumulated that thesei old bills will be sehondary; considerations'.- or; fonrolten ' i altogether. Is bouninpnd fnl stone! Many prophecies aro cited to establish factsIt is believed that the ProL ihft hill nt 'nriv tirYlft.r an apoiAmtLn the clause relating to woman's'suffragef for in that subj ect is becoming more general every dayj undone step gained in'that direction will be held with lehacity hv IhosG vvho aro anxiou3 to obtain unlver. - 1 1 the agitation oil,-au- ng JACOB'S PILLOW VERHUS PILLAR. w . I tho-ide- r For the Exponent. A had been erased.".tThe biU lyamlsts i is laid over and women liavo. tho, franchise j -- in Utaft still. It willl.beTa difficult matter Ting , would liketo hear Eocoethlng about jitr" It took place on ..'tho tihQ 6tli ' 0 1 Marc cele-bratIt with a festival' President Cook and Eider Burton were with us, and all things were very pieasani. . we Jiayo mado about vi&lt3 ..ainoug tho pooreaints' In .'tho last y ?I gW w? 8d., quForOJC , 5s. 2d., coiected, leaving-u- s in " hand ii.M-l'- n ; j Trusting that, tho. Spirit .of (God may.ever bo Mthyou, and us ia our labors of love and that ed . slx-hun-dr- eii NOTES AND NEWS. E liot, tho j fc mos t " pop ula r wo man writer ot fiction at tho present time," Js busyjiporilwork entitled, "Tho ; - - , G EORd E - Lilted Veil.". a-ne- r;isi-ijiir- w - 4 , Ao. v- . The number: City for the year were women, fourth.3 of . The of arrest 3 in New York 1877 were 83,239; 22,000 and I G1.000. nedrlv thrne- - c. it meet your minds by tho Committee on' Territories during tho last hours of tho session of tho Forty-Fifth Congress. Tho paragraph disfranchis- - continue favorinc us TV - tho whole, men. LuTTitEi.ti bill was reported 'upon 'Ma. With 'AVfliTAM' EPftXlrvTAmif. tpa AW forviol LA,tLAJk vnnr I UUi v-- LJ sisters in thn rinvnnnnf nf Dfl6 Relief. Society Offlcea as follow: Elizabeth oung, President; ISutan L& Page, Ann H Perry, Cou uselors; Ann H. Perry, fcecre fary; Su;an WhKpsn, Alice Jlousel Jane Lower, Eliza Farns Eiizabeth Nankvell, Teachers " : Ann H. Perry, Secretary. 