any regrete but have ever felt glad that I h ad the priyilige of living within the requirements of a divine law. Bisters let us magnify our t callings as mothers and wives in Israel; and as-- Btet tmr nusDanas m seeping me laws mat win jead to exaltation ana eternal lives. W are nrosnerlnc hbrelrtrir TlHef KnrtfitV"Ia in a healthy condition. Our President Mary Douglas with her Counselors and the Teach- era, ato uuiug nu hjuj utu w vuiuiuiii auu ucip-- : the poor, likewise to carry out the counsels; of l"h uaftrtinfa nf Ortd in fchn RtAriiifr nf irrfiin and ""other public pnrpose& yfefbaveflltyHseven- buahela stored, belonging to this little Society; We have our meetings once a month, which re very Well attended. Bishop John I. Hart meets with us occasionally and encourages us to hrees onward in the" good work we are en ,t7 i"j,.v y gaged lm i : ',f-- .iif bless all that desiie to do good I pray ,'God id and'to help build up this kingdom With much faith, that we' may overcome evil and be saved and exalted in the presence of God. Amen. ' !i -- r. r ;; ) : r gr HART. . and Sunday School well attended, also a Mutual Improvement Association. We feel that the Lord has been' wi th us . since odr coming --herendthatiHe will still watchiioverjjs. We have' had Cicellenfe meetings this winter, atld enjoyed oU rselVes very much i peace and bunion Jreigns InurmlalstnowTthat ther . nearer. wd live up to the commandments of the Jjordjithe rnoreof hisepiiit we enjoy, and the -r : -- - betterefeelIti of the Exponent ciety to take a ' : ) ;.'' raspbon as practicable, to bless Bord all the faithful in Praying the etc. ZionI lemain your sister Mary T. Wilcox, Secretary, B. S. few-number- : i - " : ; .. S'fiSKAiB Kane Editor Exponent: -p Feb. C!q?, ;' - ; . 20, ,lS78r - By reading theExroNENT I find there is an effort made by the sisters to store grain and the Importance of bavlug'lt' 'safely kept. I. would suggest mixing lime dust (air slacked) with the wheat' as prevenlivef - weave!; two bush els to the hundred is suffiefrnti the crevices of the bin should berried with lime, I husband'use lime In this way with effect in St. Qeorge, after the weavel had gained possession iagteatJinuiUtudwy removing the wheat n v iijjuv vu a lIULUiiiVrviU auu cvojii uoor,tue wcavei wou iu gainer ouno ine uaru- - f, ' : ot!-K,ite8pectf- uly, ,. : . : ; , : v. , L ? . .. Louisa Oakley. Kinqston, Ab.;iOf Editor Eatonent: , 1878. f The sisters of this place were organized into a Belief Society by Bishop King and Counselor, Dec 1G, 1877, with Susan Black Treeident, Esthei King, and FrancfS White Counselors, Mary T. Wilcox Secretary, and Mary A. Sav ngef,1 Treasurer. ,We also have a corps of Teachers with M. T. Wilcox President, who visit .the titters monthly to encourage and strengthdn them la their duties both temporal and spiritual. tVe ho!d our, testimony meet-irig- s on fast days at 2 o'clock p. m- which are well attended and an excellent SDirlt d re vails: both did and young take-lively interest in ? l - a speaking of the1 goodness of God. ' A brinch of the United Order was organized In this place May 1st, 1877, with Thomas. B. Klngi President, Joel iWhite, and Wm. King, Vice Presidents--King Secretary; Tqrtimer Treasurer. The members feel wef Warner, intlsfted and are united.each one beingwilling to do whatever ; they may be calUU upon to do by those placed to direct, W'e. are working orihe joint-stoc- k principle, each hue putting hi ail the possess and all fre alike.: They are building our houses on a rquare, and It Is the intention 16 build a dinlng-haIrL the center-Theltohac crowned our labors with a good harvest; this lafct year, for which we feel to think HImj'and for, his blesing that has attended all our labors.- - All thos that have come here, came, for the purpose of but the principle of the United Order,carrying and we have been truly blest and prospered Iu opening tip farms and making homes in this new country ,'and there has been a vast amount of labor accomplished by so few.. Our numbers are small butaleadily inarcaslng; VVhavo a day , . Sarah J.: Andrews Spencer was boru in Savona, Steuben County. N. Y.. October 21. SBTjlefather, JDr, Orra Andrews, was a qescenaant or.wortny ancestors an Connecticut; arid her moth er, Ellzabe h Loom-i- s !An d re ws, belonged to an excellent family In Yates County, N. Y Her fathjers talented and cultured, but early in his married life became a victim of "intemperance, and : nature were thus says, No wonder hadeeh ;'takep,"dri(f: ins'Cantly brbught'fier aviay. Her mother wrapped her in warm clothing and started for the carriage, not daring to stop until they were out of the county. From thH time; trie mother; and the two children whom she had stolen from legal bondage and held by a higher law of a mother's "devotion, were protcbtod by the Jn which they lived In Savona, community ' N. Y;lri.?.At thirteen, Sara' removed with her mothor and brbthct't'o St. Louis, where she attended a popular semitiary, and was one of the brightest scholars., At sixteen y compelled her to give, tip graduating and immediately provide and mother, and she began to teach in the "Old Benton." On drawing hei salary she indig. hdntly observed that she was paid only d as much as the man who preceded her himself to supoft Jlejiad-onliShe had to bcenmpaied to support her mother. She appealed to the Board of Education, for justice in tain At nineteen she became principal of the Mound female grammar schoolthe win-cipinthe city, tin 18G3 sheyoungest WentitoNew York with letters ofrintroduction to Horace Greeley ami; others. Mr. Greeley said, I like the ay;ou talk, young lidy;oa shall have employment.", The next morn, ing, upon . his; reepmmendationshe commenced, work in the office of, the "Scientific American,' one.lialf 0r;each; day, anq jq v .. nee-essit- for-hers- 1866; ,to possess it,. that she did not believe it a woman's light. was ; sa-ire- d in January, isii, tne presentation of a 'memorial to" Congress agalristTvyoman suf; -- frage, front oner thousand .women of fashionable, society, and attacks by. these ladies Cady SiahCon, and other advocates of woman's enfranchisement, aroused Mrs; Spencer's indignation, and she wrote a series brarticifes ioOho'daiIy-Nationa- l eth Republican," entitled "Problems on the if uoowuuj uuv-irt- MTonucai i, The inconsistencies, anu weak, Scriptural." nessea and follies of some of the women who feared tho demoralization of the ballot were so graphically contrasted with the and heroism of the pioneers of reform, that hosts of converts to the cause was the result. , were They by the, National belf-sacrifi- ce re-publis- Woman's Suffrage Association for general circulation. Paulina Wright Davis said of them, "their tender, beautiful, grand summary of the whole question should be upon the table of every lady In the land." T The chief work of her life is in searching out and removing causes of vice, crime, pauperism ana wretchedness. ;She goes at any hour of the day or "night to give aid and comfort to poor unfortunates who need a helping hand, and is ever ready to shelter the wanderer the wronged and the outcast, whom tho world too, often unites in condemning. This has led to similar efforts in many cities where before no respectable woman has dared to ; approach an outcast , even with a kindly word.. Mrs Spencer has been a member and of- ficer of the National Woman Suffrage Asso- ciation for seven years, and is universally ' regarded as a tower o t 'strength for that body at Washington, She watches daily for all legislation concerning the :i uteres f women In any State or Territory, and prqmpuy appears against any measure calculated to.defraud or. Oppress themr he r rd piiuijpatto! ::!uc 'xixvuijv. r iio iiixu sucthe Spencerian authorship work in the place of his father, the author of the JSpoteriah ship. . Mrs, spencer at once assisted her ' husband in the literar work of the "Spei- Cerian' Hev.andhas been cbhitahtlv hv hta side in all the active business of life. In ceeded , elf one-thir- U whose acquaintance sho had formed four eara;:prewnsIjQj8t.,Ix)uis, when she was . ! - : C. Spencer Henry . ; ? T. -- SKfcTCII OF MBS. SABA J. ANOBEWS ,;K'" SPENCEB. : s.cember 26, 1854, Prof. years they have conducted brio of the largest and most successful colleges for business , training in the unltea States. "Is it possible you have children of your own, Mrs.: Spencer, and have time to do so much important work for others?" is frequently asked. "Yes," she answers. - Instead of regarding the : responsibilities of motherhood as a reason for , neglecting the public welfare, as a devoted mother, she deems it her highest duty to purify the atmosphere her children must breathe. She does not remember a time since she first IFrom Woman's Words. . porverted.. Sara is alive oh the woman question. Every drop of blood in her, veins KMsjght tocry out " i for justice to women." When three years old Sara was taken away by her father In one of his fits of intemperance, and the mother, hard at work, had scarcely rnissed the little one from her side, .when a; neighbor. Jtold .her that father and child were seen on the road to Pen n Yan." The mother hurried to the place where the child was seen, and learned after several days; that she had been taken forty miles away and bound out to a family during her. minority. 7 In an agony of doubt and fearj the mother hastened theie, deter-mine- d to take the child, inside or outside human laws, and defend her ownership with her life, If need be. She found the little' one on the porch of. the liotlso" where she ' June, MO of "his theerlnstlnctg Her mother 1 they removed to Washington D. C, where they still reside. For tweivo - : : s the afternoons and evenings wrote for two daily papers and one weekly, doing fourteen hours intellectual labor each day. At this 4 m a fiho mpf - and snon flft fir - m a rr iaA T ts-o- , ; al was -- , 'a, delegate of the National Suffrage As- sociation to the Cincinnati Republican presidential convention, June 14, 1876, and ad. dressed the Platform committee in behalf Of a' wdman suffrage plank in their plat; form, and oh the following mornlDg, upon rriotion of Hon. GeoW T. TToar. of Massa chusetts was invited to ' address the convention tho first instahco - in tho history o- 1 r 