14G Knowing the sisters, are interested in each other's welfare, I submit the following report. Wednesday, Feb. C, Sister E. It. Snow and your humble servant left this Herri man city toTvlsit the sisters at Fort 1 and WestJbrdan. Bro. Robert Danzio met us at Draper and Tho General Retrenchment Meeting in the Fourteenth Ward Assembly Rooms on Saturday T(&r2?VH8aiMgeiy&tteM Mrs.M.I.!Horrio presiding. Mrs.M.LHorno spoke upon the coming, election, the privi-lige- s of the ballot, and the necessity of najU mnTiirntrnn OKftennlrft ittiineol'innllllfft- - " we enjoyed a pleasant visit with the Bishop and his family; after dinner we. were conducted to the school-housby Sister Alice Crane, President of the Relief . Society, where wo met with" the sisters, and were al30 honored with the presence of the Bishop and all the brethren of the settlement both old and young; we had an excellent meeting and at thecl03e another meeting was called by tho vote of the people for half-pasix. Wo visited sister Mum ford and were again invited to return to the school-houswhere we Jouhd tables bounti fully spread with the good things ot the earth, and wo sat down with two hundred brethren "and sisters; during supper "we strains --from were regaled by the Martial Band of Herrimancomposed of nineteen members ranging from twenty-fiv- e years old down to little boys, one being only nine; they, have been organized only -a short time, but have made rapid progress in their musical studies, as well as their silk-cultu- re ng -- hero. "' " ' . . ' "" V4 '" self-actio- n from silk-wor- m in-thi- s home-industri- es " - bo-fo- re, LEVANj 5 n . martial the remarks simllate; he gave4iis views upon retrenchment and made some remarks-upoand upon the preservation' of health. Miss Snow then informed the sisters that they could obtain muiberry-tree- s of all sizes from President Young's farm, by applying to Mr. Rosslter at the President's office, and that eggs could be bought of Mrs. Dora Robinson of Farming-ton- , 7 or of Paul A.SchettIer city, -g- n; - 7 , 1 AAA wdifferliii'dseohaKlerto'M-- out the meeting. The opening address, by Bro. George H. Brimhall. was reDlete with crood counsfih and was followed by speeches recitations, songs, &c, according to programme, all of which were rendered in a manner that in dicates marked progress in mental and moral culture. The closing remarks were made by Mrs. Mary Jane Morrison: she said she desired, to be uided-by-the Spirit to all at all God times. Exhorted of study serve and good books, keep good company, g ments; wo had a good meeting In the even, ing and all felt thahkfulTor the good in-- " struction received from Sister Snow. Thursday morning, 7th, Bro. Danzie toolc us to West Jordan7;we r met with the sisters and a few brethren at 2 o'clock p. m. when Sister Snow addressed the sisters, and organized the Young Ladles M. L A, with the following named officers: Miss Ado 11a Gardner, President; Misses Mirinda Bate-maRachel Hill; Mary A. Cooper, Polly Egbert, Ellen Jensen, Adeline Williams, Counselors; Miss Elizabeth Cutter, Secretary; Miss Rebecca Gardner, Assistant Secretary; MisS Elizabeth Cooper, Treasurer; and forty members.- I never remember seeing so many fine, noble and good looking young ladles in one settlement together if their works correspond with their looks, we shall have some biilllant reports from them, ere long. After meeting we were entertained by Sister Agnes Cooper, where we had a pleasant visit with many of our sisters, and next morning we took train for home and arrived in safety. . Elizabeth Davis. of the sisters here. Said there .was much to bo done but our Heavenly Father was more reasonable than we were and would not blamo us for what wo could not accom- pusn. xi we couiqjruuy; understand each other and the motives which actuate tis, we should be more charitable than wo are.1 f This congrceration I believe rta nnnln miif and feeling, but It is the practical points in which and an excellent spirit prevailed through- . Pres. Joseph; Young spoke of tho great field open for was a very large attendance of both sexes, fully located nradTum and fifteen persons, including alf ages. They all seemed happy enjoying; the spirit of their religion, and alive to its require- ; V- The Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association and the Young Ladies' Retrenchment Association held the anniversary of theirmonthly conjoint meeting in" e, soul-stirrin- Editor Exponent. Dec Ilth, 1877. "Thinking a few lines from the Young " Ladies' Improvement Association of Levan w;buld not be uninteresting to your readers,; wo venture a brief report our Society. We were organized, uhder tho direction of President George Teafedale, on the 3rd of November, 1877,. w Iththo follow! n g offi- - L-- . ccrs. : '. Miss Cenie Peterftbn, President. Mr.s. Olive E. Wilbeck, ) Counselors. Sarah Francis,; ! Miss Sa rah D. Pierce, Secre tary. Eliza Smith, Assistant Secretary, Martha E. Morgau," Treasurer. 'it-We meet once a week; our Society numbers thirty members, who take a great interest In trying to improve their minds. We metsDec. 10, at Pres't. Teasdale's, and ho and other brethren were present and " :. . " ? . ; 1877. EdttorExponent; st ; - Spanish Fork, Dec. 13th, -- bujj-erost- ed v- - CENiETETERsoNTTfresident, D a ii aii D. i ierce, sesretary. e provement Associations rwere sustained as in their local.presidents of the respective districts, bhe urgea upon tnem tho necessity of setting out mulberry trees Jn the season, and not postpone planting xnem oui in imio. ; l'resiueuv xiuruo the sisters should speak upon the' subject which had been presented beforo the meeting. Counselor E. R. Snow expressed herself as coinciding with the views of Sister Home, and exhorted the sisters to the spirit 'of union, and repeated the words of Jesus "If yo are not one ye aro not mine.1 r Sister Snow remarked the two subjects Mrs. Horno had spoken upon were" closely connected,ono was for the establishing of the kingdom of God and one for us in it. President Young gave to the Bisters the mission of raising silk, and said if they would take hold of" it they would succeed. There are some settlements 1 n which mulberry 1rees will hbf gro wtTy et these sisters in that vicinity arenotoxcused-fro- m this mission. Those who cannot labor witn tneir nanua can exercise faith and pray. Mrs. Mary A. Clark of Farraington, made soino remarks upon thoRellef Society in that fioUlement." Counselor Rathsheba W; Bmith alluded to the expenso attending the petitions and called upon the sisters to donate towards defraying the same. The sisters were extremely liberal in giving and sufiV wvui uiuuuy was uonaieu 10 pay ior paper and express charges. Mrs. Rachel R. U rant spoke upon the coming election, and the spirit of union, that it was just as necessary in this as in other things, that unless wo were one, wd were not the people of God. Counselor Phebe Wood ruff said, sh e" would as soon think of neglecting her prayers as neglecting to go to the polls. Joseph Smith said keep In the channel ot the priest hood and you are : sure to be ri ght. Mrs. E. A. M. Watinough spoke of her thankfulness to have the privilego of the ballot, said she hrvot , - noalAptPfl 4 vVVVVft her rin Jv In that matter. Mrs. E. S. Barney said she could testify to living tip teherj)rivilegeln this respect, as she had In the. straw man had worn a home-mad- e . straw hat everBlnco they, had been manufactured ' r ' ' ' ' sus-taini- -- convey c4:$orB and reminded theT sisters that the'JPresi-- " dents of Relief Societies and of Mutual Im- " gave us some very good icpunseiTahr struction. A good spirit prevailed throughv "t T out the meeting. Hoping that God will bless our Society and labors, and the labors of all who are working for the advancement of truth and righteousness upon the earth, we subscribe ourselves, j Your sisters in tne covenant or pea Editor Exponent : B. S. REPORTS. IUU liUlUt . The name of the Y. L. R. A. was changed to Y. L. M. L A. by a unanimous vote. A vote of thanks was tendered the Committee of Arrangements. "Altogether it was a feast Of good things. Many among us are awaking to the blessings to be derived from these societies, and are desirous to show our gratitude to our : " " to organize the youth of our Territory. Wishing you, dear Editor, and the nu. merous readers of the ExroNET the compliments of the season, I remain your sister in the Gospel, Hannah Cornabv, Cor. Scc'y. Clarkston, Cache Editor Exponent: Co., Fob. 8, 1873. We held our Annual Meetiner on Monday. the 4th inst. The report of the last year's was read, whfph shnwfid . we had . Aion a i I. i i j ir House, $27 paid in shares to Logan Woolen Factory, and $19 to the Logan Temple, besides assisting the. poor and needy. Means on hand: Cash $3, 100 lbs of flour, $45 In Woolen Factory, $89 in Co-o- p Store and $12 in sheep, 44 bushels of wheat 'We have not been able to get much wheat, as our crops were mostly destrovhd bv grasshop pers, but we hope to save some this year, doine--- s : r ,1 as the grasshoppers all left without depositing their eggs, and I think we have a lair a gopd crop. ,. prospect Our Annual , Meeting was well attended by the sisters, arid some of tho , brethren honored us witn their presence; we received, some valuable instructions from onr worthy Bishop and some .of the. other. brethren, aiso uy our mucn esieemea rresiueni, iwij Griffin; others of the sisters spoke as well. We had a good meeting and the Spirit of God was with us. In the evening we had a dance and picnic, and all present seemed to enjoy themselves. There are about forty members in our Society. : ? r-y Desiring the welfare of the great vVprk In which we are engaged, we remain your to-rai- se - -- . ,.1-lfn- .ir r-- sisters in the Gospel, .i.;:, I ' v: : ; , v r rr Maby Gjuffin, President,jane Godfrey, Secretary. 7 - : 