W OM AN ' S marks. The voice,' the. manner, the presence all servo to enhance the value of the opinions or views expressed. Elder Daniel Graves has been traveling and lecturing m the interests cf sericulture in tho northern settlements. Elder us that he has delivered thirteen lectures dur-l- ag his tour. In most places he had very large 'yZy--rl?7-JX'- -- audiences -- G.-infor- apd4aWther'eme4tl)fta,rc newai of interest on the subjeet of silk culture. have a ribbonipom, and , have excellent warp, and are waiting for juita-bl- e filling. Elder G. is engaged, in a good cause, and one that should be encouraged by those who are looking to the future interests ef the community. Elder G. states that according to the statistics on silk importation that in two ports only, New York and San Francisco, over $28,000,000 , we're expended for . raw silk in the year 1875. The subject of sericulture is now under discussion throughout the Territory, and theie will be multitudes of trees put out this year. The TELEPHONErOn Thursday afternoon, through the courtesy of Elder A.iI. Musser, we had the privilege of witnessing the trial of that recent invention foe transmitting sound, the Telephone. It U seemingly of very simple construction. The connection was from the office LTay lor, tollhat' bf Bishop Hunter, nearly a block, and the sounds were heard perfectly when all.'was quiet. The musthe linecculd ic performing at eitherend be clearly heard at the opposite end, different voices and different instruments , being distinguishable. The transmssion of the bound makes the music still more melodious and conveys to the mind the ridea : of niusic heard :in dreams, sweet and low. We were permitted to ask one question and the ahkwe was as"o!is-tinct as though the person had stood by our side. The Telephone will, no doubt bo made a means of saving time and labor; people can transact business iwi thou t i leavin g home, and carry on conversations with persons intpther place3 without the trouble of writing letters or sending telegrams even. This means of conveying sound is hut in its first stages of development, and no doubt will be made practicable in many ways and for many purposes not now apparent Iu:ntreville they . v of-Presid- T-:--:1' ent T ; --- r . obituaries: It becomes our paicful duty to record the ' death of another of our beloved sisters, Isabella Ijay ton, wife of Christopher Layton, Kaysville, and daughter of Richard and Isabella Golightly of Salt Lake City, both now deceased. She departed this lif on Saturday, December 15, 1877. She died as the had lived a true Latter-daBaint, full of faith in tho holy priesthood and in tho order of Celestial Marriage which she embraced ia her youth, in tho year 1854, at tho age of eighteen. Although her path has not always been strewn with flowers, she lias llfcea'iroek in the ocean been immovable. True to hei Father In heaven, true to her children; true to her husband," and to her religion, to her last moments. She has left seven children, four sons and three "daughters; Xlghfcas the order cf Plural awtes raX.bo ieatcI Jiy some, gives to. those who comprohendUt joy and coiisKti(m to sco one who. his borne the heat and burden of the day for twenty-three years, pass away so beautifniiy as our sister did. Her sufferings were great for a long time. She was afflicted with dropsy of which she died; yet her faith In the Gospel never faltered. Many times during her affliction she would say, how thankful ' was that ne lot was cast among the Saintssho of God;:aud that she had raised her children hero they could bo cared for, and taught tho y' t EXP ONE N T . 141 A great many people ate fond of th fruit; it is healthy for children, j ': "When? you. feel disposed to make a little money, go into the raising of sIJk,rwhich is one of the easiest branches of. business that was ever followed. There is no other Work the f women can doThat will yield the same amount of profit. This is a rnatter that I wish you lo JiearkejLtQ.JYilLTO good to yourselves? SVe have plenty of . weav-Cewho cari take - the silken d1 know tow to manufacture it: and they1 will give you all you 't: could reasbnatly-asfor it-- ' Kbw let the beauty of your adornlngbe the work of your own hand?. Will you notrPre8 idents, ask your Societies to enter , into this . agreement, and go, to wprki and make iwhat you want to wear. f Then we ;will appeal to the brethren apd say, "come, let ,ns: wear the headdresses that our wive arid our; sisters can make; and Jtwould be very healthy for the men to wear straw hats winter and summer. Wo would not see sol many bald heads as we - now see around here.i Straw hats are perfectly -- healthy-td wear'H have worn them through winter; and the only objection I have tolhm too tight' and close. is that they are principles of our holy religion. Sisters, such examples should encourage (us to press on to ;the end of our journey for be assured that there is eternal life for u?, if we will live faithful and true to. "our covenants. Deceased was a Teacher which office she filled cheerfully as long as she was able. She was kind and true to all her manv friends and acquaintances. She was born in Xewnistlfl nnon Tvne. ISOrtnumDer- landshire, England, Sept. 6th. 1836, and em grated to Utah in 1853. May it be our happy lot to endure to the end as our sister" has done, ' ' . is the prayer of your sister in the Gospel, , Sarah LaytoiT. Feb. 7th, 1878. Kaysville, Died at North ;Ogdeni Weber Co., Utuh,on ,' fever, Sunday, Jan ; 27th, 1877, of child-be- d Charles . Eva Elizabeth Clark, beloved wifo of Clark, and daughter' of Abrahan andSIary . Chad wick, aged , t wnty-on- e y ears, T three ' months and ',. four ,daya, t Decease dhas. ever been a faithful' rnemberV. of the churchj and Laheld the office of president of the dies' Retrenchment Society in: North Ogden from its organization", March, 2ith, 1875, until Her con . within a; recent, date of her death-duct was always of that exemplary character which denotes the true Christian; she.leaves a husband and young babe to mourn her- loss, "who are sympathized with by a large circleof- . r: . ; v t rs i- -- - ; . ; . (. 4 :, . - . R. S. REPORT. ' Box? Elder Col? Jaiu 15, 187S. r-- :: Saowviiis is a new - settlement, situated in a large and beautiful valley on the north of the Great Salt Lake with good facilities for a large town. - On Jant 10, pur respected Bishop organized a Relief Society, when the following tfflcers were unanimously elected; Mrs. Mary Good-lifi- ' V--- e, President; Ellen Rob bins and Mary Ann Osterhout, Counselors; Esther Goodlifle, SecreSix Teachtary, and Mary Patter, Treasurer ers: were also appointed. v'TThe' inepting' was replete with good instructions, and a good spirit was manifested. The brethren present, gave us good teachings, and the sisters ,cxprefced a thankfulness that we conld pow meet together r. in the capacity Tot a Relief Society toujoy I the blessings to be. derived: therefrom, aawe, one and all, know it is our duty t to do. all we ' . can in the great cause of truth. Ever wishing the success of tho Exponkkt and your happiness, we remain your sifters. L Estuer Gooduffk, Scc'y. T j s ? DISCOURSE PRESIDENT BRIGHAM YOMQ DELIVERED In V , TT . : 1 . . C. ona' 1 " -- . 4 . . trees I have to trees and if you proffered for years give the want a thousand you. are welcome, to thern, or a million, I am ready to give, them to oil. . Some twe.ity years ago. I sent for. mulbeiry If you have not tho mulberry . s . the TubcrnacUt Ogdenl CONCLUDED. :: : 1 ; Editor ;.Ea?JE : iyjvfu.:m j 'raised. thousands and tens cf of. trets, and they are in this Territory. I have a large cocoonery that I' built eed.;Ihao thou&ai.da twelve or fourteen years ago. I have given the use of that a building about 20 x 110 feet, and I have given the Uhe of the mulberry trees, and given the people all the trees they wrnt. They are a beautiful shade treo acd tho fruit i3 good ( these ; Eeb0thl878 - Syowviiii ?gb to1 jwbrlfandmake ' things. Now, sisters, rpleaq with1 you to stop these vg fasHibnsrThey are no nsense. jBro.-Ca- rri ton has given you a fine detail cf them. They . afe nlable 'Jookiug; T dare .not. tell yon how they look to me, and how, the vanity looks that is in the. minds of the people. How? long is it since my family said to mo of h oops, .'They are so nice and comely; .how would wo lookTwere we to take these hoops" ofT? why we I'veould look hke the town pump.rf Would you ; . not be ashamed of us?' I am ashamed. I am ashamed to see the tight t clothfcs to see the shape of the ladies. How long is it since the sleeves were so loose, that when you go into into a stoie and the gentleman says,1 "are you not going to buy a pair, of 8leevfcfc?,, 0, if I t. buy a pair of sleeves I.fehall have id have a i tiow dress." 'Ot I- - will give you a dress." I Eighteen yards in the sJeeves, and three yards in the dress! These foolish fashions what good "do' they do? 15 have asked' inyysistersj what n they would think if a lady who lives in heaven should pay therri a', visit.' "Would she come mutton leg with these large1 sleeves ' sleeve,5 With her dress pulled right Out in front r of her? Nowyit is pulled ou hercIt isVery 1: unwise.' It is nousenso and uncomely. It U v ; of the best looking ; anything in the world when. Brother Carrington sees, his wife in her new calico dress. ' 'You jobk just as you did wheii I courted ydu'.fj jN"ow there is another . fashion. You see n girl with .'her ihair clipped off'.in' front of her head; she looka a3 though 'she had justcome out of a .lunatjc7a$ylum. The hair is for an ornament , You can' love a woman with a, comely dress Ion of her own makejust as well as though sho had on a dress that coat five thousand pounds.!;: I"! .u! j I We do not seem to realize that we have to . give an account of the days we spend in folly, and that we will be fourd wanting it we sjpehd our time foolishly. ' When you come' to thw' ' - wheat and the lino flour, to the gold aud the silver and tho prescious ifetonf-s- , the Lord owns them; But what have we? Our time, . Spend it as you will. Tmo is giveti to you; and whou H this lsi spent to tho best' possible- advantage for promoting truth upon the earth, it is placed to your account, and blessed, are you; but when we spend our time in idleness gnd folly, it will be placed against us. Ilere is the diflerence. Now, Sisters, take hold; do this that we ask you to do. It is for ycur own. benefit, hnd '' Marion Wheeiock, Pres. R Hi 1 Let the sisters 1 - ; -- ; . friends. 1 k ' - -- I 