WOMAN'S EXPONENT. with the hopes of your leading them in v the paths of truth. Mothers, let the cultivation of the minds of your daughters ever bo uppermost in your thoughts, Let them he Mormons through and through. You will save them a great deal of sorrow, and reap for yourselves blessings of untold riches. r May the blessings of God attend your labors. Mayfleld, July 31, 1878. N. NOTES AND NEWS. One of the commendable features of the , (and it is one which should stand as a precedent) was that the entire convention . rose in honor of Mrs. Lucretia :Mott, as a tribute of their hi'h esteem and just appreciation of one now bending under the weight of years, whose white hairs and beautiful smile, with her quiet Quaker demeanor and cordial appreciation of others, was a potent power in that great assembly. .Rochester-Convention- The "Woman's Journal" of Aug. 3, contains an article entitled ''International Manifesto:" It was signed by Marie i, Countess Traversari. It appeals in the strongest and most eloquent terms to the women of Europe to send representa tlves to the International Congress. She auuaes to the solid support this Congress would have in distinguished scientists, illustrious and. meritorious authors, senators, deputies and municipal counselors of Paris. She says, "A man known in two worlds, a historical' personage, whose " writings and sayings have long sustained the thesis that the inferiority of woman with regard to civil rights is a manifest injustice, has accepted the honorary presidency. He is ready to prove that the social reform which he seeks for woman (the being who is civilly a minor and morally a slave, as ho so well expressed it) is an object earnestly desired and profoundly felt by him, and that he is ready to break a lance in its cause, even as he has broken so many all sorts of oppression, injustice againstand egotism abuse of power." That man is Victor Hugo. The writer appeals to Madame Maria Goegg of Geneva, President of the International Associa. tion for the Defence of Woman's She explains "the five Swiss codes Bights. which put the Swiss women on a footing with imbeciles, and married Women below the grade of minors, will be a spur to them." In another paragraph she says: Sisters-Germ- ans, Spaniards, Portuguese, Hollanders, Eussians, daughters ofScandInavia and Denmark! honor us with your presence, assist us wilhy'our councils, aid us in your inspirations. Towards the close nf this brilliant letter she calls upon the noWe supporters of the scientific emancipation of Woman, students of generous Zurich which ga hered together the flowers of female in. telligence, while the narrow Jealousy shut the doors of English and Scotch Uni versities in yourifacesr do not fail to come and rejoice swlth us at the triumph 'of a great philosophic idea, sustained by Mbz m, dimk Aim, Lord 3eaconsfield, Jacob Bright, Fawcett. Trevalyan, Courtney Legouve, EmileGirardin and many 0 heri wo0meeInerateS, f dlstInSul3bed men and Mal-lian- Miss Abagail Hadassah the famous Smith sisters of Smith, one of Glastonbury, 110, practica11 Protested SnJi SSfr representation," depart July 23d, eighty-tw- o yeare of There were five sisters but none of them ever married; Julia Eveline is the only one now living, and she is.eighty-six- . Miss Julia is a literary woman and has distinguished herself by translating the ible from the oricrlnal Hebrew and Greek. Miss Abby is said to havo been tho business manager of tho housohold, and her loss will be most keenly felt by her sister Julia, who always counseled with her on all subjects of importance., The funeral Was characteristic of the family eccentricities. The Hartford Post says "The. services at the funeral were very simple. A gentleman, an old friend of the family, read a part of the 6th chapter of St. John and the latter part of 1st Corinthian?, these chap-ter- s having been read at ail funerals in the family. No prayer was made, Julia's religious views being similar to those of her father and mother which were, that ministers were of no use, and that the system that maintains them is entirely wrong. To pay for having the Gospel preached to have men fit themselves for the pulpit for the purpose of earning their bread and butter by it, which injthe majority of cases is the truth, and which is simply making merchandise of the Gospelthese things they maintained weie disastrous to all true religion. Julia's father gave up his pulpit after having preached five years, his con science not allowing him. to preach any longer. He said the whole theological system was upheld by money, take that away and it would fall flat. And so In accordance with these original and sensible ideas, the family have worshiped in their own peculiar way, and kept their religion a private, sacred affair between , themselves and God, claiming that no hireling preacher should come between them, and their own individual interpretation of the Gospel. And so none of the common ceremonies and no prayers were said, save the silent prayers of the lone woman and those who sympathized with her. After the chapter was read, Mrs. Isabella Beecher Hooker made some very appropriate remarks, and the quiet sleeper was borne to her long home." The sisters Julia and Abby, it is said, were strongly attached to each other, and Miss Julia will be very lonely, but she will have the sympathy of a great multitudo of friends. These sisters have done much by their persistent resistance of paying taxes to rouse others to a sense of the injustice of woman's being taxed and having no vote and no voice in making the laws by which she must be governed. age. late lamented President Brighhm 3Tourig, are storing up grain for a dayVof famine. -- ters of the Society to go into tho .harvest ' field to gather up the golden heads of grain, that would otherwise have been destroyed. -- -- and children from four, years old upJ.toT eighty.nlne went in: thp flejd io;gte, anda - I think it wouldave you; could have; seen us-- ' you!!, thoughtlwjELWjerejTin jearneat; ?; this season we calculate to perfornPtno v iiuijiiiiF 111 i rm i ri v vim w nm n w we have planted it with two hundred ''and. fifty mulberry trees, and : calculate procuri ing more as ouickly as possible.' Wo ex. pect this fall to erect a good and substantial building for the purpose of , holding our meetings in and storing away our grain. The plan was resolved by the sisters that straw should be procured for the purposo of braiding and manufacturing men and, boy's hats; also that we would procure; cloth to; make overalls, pants and shirts. :fYe have . also been making quilts, knitting stockings,, crocheting tidies and lace, etcv ! 4. V4 Our Annual Meeting was held July 29th, the officers were as follows? t Elizabeth Yates, President, ;" ' : liormda Thompson, ) v I 7 ' iuary troir, ; '"."-.'.") Mary Wasden, Secretaries. Eliza M. Wasderi, Annie Brown, Treasurer." re-elect- ed - -- . - Our KOClOtv twenty-one- . July 29, nnmhera On Vlfl r "I an1, Our Financial ' Report from ' V Ck 1877, is as follows: - C Donated to the Society ........,..$73, 42 Disbursed to the poor............ 71 77 Have now in treasury, In quUtsariaLl. sundries 19 46 Grain stored amounang 3(ttv toGbu, There are several copies of the Exponent taken by the members of. tho Society here. and tho instructions aro read with Interest. Your sisters in the Gospel,great etc., Mabv WA8DEN1 Sec'y, Eliza M. Wasden, Ass' t Sec y. MlLLVlLLE, ijACUE CO., Aug. . -- C, 1878. r Editob Exponent: . - I do not think MiUviUorAas;bve:been; in represented your paper. Our Relief So-'- " ciety is In a flourishing condfflen;! we havo" lately .been reorganized, with Sister Jm Hovey President; sho is truly alive to her duties, and the sisters all seem willing to assist in doing ail the good they can. Wo have not much grain stored, account'bf grasshoppers last year, but hopo to do better this year, as the harvest is abundant We meet once a month to bear testimony to tho things of the and talk over kingdom; our . R. S. REPORTS. Scino, Millard Co., Utah, August 2d, 1878. Editor Exponent. The Belief Society in this place was organized July 29, 1870, and was in a quiet, humble and meek condition. The mem. bers endeavored to assist tho poor and distressed, and also donated means" to our poor, brethren and sisters fiom bring native lands here to Zion; and have their likewise donated liberally, -considering our means, towards the- erection ot ' the St George Temple::: Mrs.: Sophrona 2 Martin had been the President from tho first organization of the Society, but at our meeting, in i877, she resigned her office, and Mrs. Elizabeth Yates was elected In her stead.. The officers and members are energetic In the discharge of their duties affairs in general; we also havo wori- iSSrS1 uKf ?DCe a month l sew for tho helpless, and make the pooWhayoii Young MenCandL JiZUI -- good will come that a or Clheso havo Just had the pleasure Sreafc societies. Hardy, and it waa tmiv "Plnff eal of ofa visit hl "Idera z wells and - An-nu- al "'Mutual Improvement Asso- beIIevo wo ine .n?,n Dg; and intmrttnn.mayr to preside ovor u. Works, is tho Hoatr rsf Newand Everlasting Covenant, i- 5.--.--,,.- Wo over follow l i Ati . ' TT -- VICTORIA L. CUMMINQS. - 