teen granatin hare -- been- bdiltj several other r? . binnv more; contemplated. the Belief Society of the u The granary built me oim uuuu j 15th Ward edst sisters of the 17th Ward cost $300., Other iRe the expense of lief Societies have not reported ' have good building. ,Many Relief Societies substantial' bins' for" present use.; The meetirg:: was addressed by Mrs. E. B. Wells, MissE. R; SnowMr.' B. W. Smith, Mrs;, Pbcobe Wood- - . ruffIr?. 'janeS. Richards, President 6f; We-of ber County B. & Stake, Mrs. Ann ,0 Jell, z ' Maria Mrs. E. and Carrington Ogden, Mrs. Howard. The President presented some special busi ness, and, the meeting .as adj on med for one car, after singing, and prayer by Mrs.- B. , j i, W. Smith. mY no'aw ' i'mrxii CUUiUlviavv ..Wordsaretoo mak; herJJfe?prints ' teTl How firm and faithful to the end; ' She flll'd her sphere: you flird It well, Beloved .Mother, Wife and Friend! ckness byheraMOciatM'fJ?? sne many times xpressaa ncr grai,iwuucu up alten-- : imotber forher ene beloved " ?-- ' ;'' : E. R. Snow. Salt Lake City, Nov19, 1878. t: Mrs ; in Lake tfoverabeU2, Salt Died, City, two of Adelaide F. Smith, after an, illness weeks from the eflects of, blood poontn peca-- , , sioned by getting a piece (Pf giliBtoi.ner ". hand. .v She; ,waa the daughter of Henry and Ann j Fdwlee, and was" born September ,8th j l&H, at Bedford, Bedfordshire, England, 6ta was;bap- tized into the Church qf 'Jesus Christ of liatter- - j day Saints, in her childhood. On:February 8thy 1850, she was married) to Elder Job IBmitb, while he was on a mission to Engiand.n jMit. Smith left England for Utah in 1854irith her husband and little children. Her babe died on DEATH OF A VETERAN AP03TLE. . board ship, and was consigned to the bosom of i memsenior of the Elder Orson Hyde, one the great deep; theeldest child died on the TwelveApostles,:, bers of 'the Quorum of the steamer coming pp the Mississippi and was. died at his residence; 8pringTditiV .Sanpete buried by the shore of the river. at 6 November 28th, on Tnursday, Deceased leaves a husband fend five children, County, o'clock p. m. who will miss her constant care and attention. in of one the was strong pillars Elder 'Hyde A sister and family are her only other relaa labored faithfully daring the Churcb; t.o hs tives in this land,but she has numerous friends Gosthe of time, preaching her loss.' vry5long period who will deeply and sincerely-mourin and and assisting abroad, pel atr; borne, She was a woman of strong characteristic T the interests of 2l6n. sterling integrity, and possessing most benevo8, was in; born 180), Elder Hyde, January' lent qualities of heart. a leaves He Conn. Haven New Co., Oxford, Mm. Smith spent three "yeari In dgdenj'as-- r men such for but mourn to himj large family sistlng with untiring Industry and womanly are public benefactors, and .the whole people tact and skill to aid In establishing the straw has he beyond that passed mourn, yet rejoice, of millinery as a branch of the reach of pain and sorrow, that his the Relief Society of Ogden. The President is completed, and he has gone to join the innuand jsiaters of Ogden Relief Society condole merable company of Saintsj and associate in with the daughter who is left to take charge of council with Joseph, Hyrum, Brigham, Heber, the family, and desire to manifest their deep men his and other and great good Willard, sympathy for the husband and children thus here. Thus are passing away one by sorely bweft, and they hereby wish to express one the pioneer workers in the Church of Jesus their ardent appreciation of her untiring labors Saints. Christ of Latter-da- y and successful efforts in the home industry In which she worked so diligently and faithfully for three successive years.. She will be; long rememIN MEMORIAM, bered, and her memorj will be dearly cherished by her sisters there, and they will ever pray or Died, Nov. 4th, 1878, in Tooele, Mra. Mary, the happiness prosperity and peace of those the beloved wife of Elder R)brt Meikbjohn, she has left behind, her children and friends. in the 67th year of her age. Sirs. Smith was a firm believer In the docDeceased was born April 14th, 1812, in Dumtrines and principles of iha Everlasting Gos- bartonshire, Scotland. She embraced the pel, and bore a faithful testimony to the same. Gospel in her native land iu 1811, and emigratHer indefatigable labors in making a branch of ed to Utah in 1855. The loss cccasioned by the popular and successful is death of the highly es'.eemed Siter Meikle-joh- u one of the best evidences of her faith and devois now and long will be deeply felt. In tion to the work of God in the last daysj which her, her huiband has lost a loving companion 1$ a practical as iarell ai spiritual work. and wise counselor htr children, a kind and affectionate monitor; in her, the, poor have l09t Died, at Wallsburg, November 6th, 1878, a friend the sick a physician the jerricg a Bathsheba L. Kerby, beloved wife of, Alma who. are laborthafe all and earnestly guide Kerby, and daughter of our beloved President interests cf Zion an the to efficient promote of the Relief Society; aged 0 year, 1 month ing and 21 days. to now mourn left her loss, are Her children, Deceased was born at Proyoj September 16th, "of her wisdom evidences and faithful1858. She leaves a husband and : two children! living ness as a mother of children; and as a "mother (the youngest two weeks old) and' numerous! in Israel,', many, very many testify of her unrelatives and friends to mourn her lost, fine 8nd devotion to tiring diligence was a faithful Latter day Saint, beloved by all the labors and responsibilities of that important f who knew her. She was a teacher In our ReK position. lief Society, which position ehe faithfully In April, 1870, she was elected President of filled. While we deeply mo nrn her absence, the Relief Society of Tooele Wards; and in we feel that our loss la her Infinite gain.4 n ' was elected President of the Relief Sept., 1878, Blessed are the dead which die in the Lord, of Zion for Tooele County. With Stake Society even so sav's the spirit, for they rest from their characteristic, unassuming modesty, this high labors and their works do follow them." ' calliDg she cheerfully accepted, and had Just B. G. '. entered, upon its dutieswhen suddenly she . Died, In Spanish Fork, September r5th, 1878 was called to a higher; sphere. She "fought Mary Magdalenej daughter of the( late John the good fight and kept the fafth?' Baxter and Mary Ferguson, after a 'long and " rradent and wio la every movci very painful Ulnesp. ' Iu bouehold duties and abroad Deceased was born March 7tb, 1860. She was rue rrompt to each call of trugt and to her cov'nanta with her God. a very, interesting and intelligent girl, much . , tion to' her."! Her last words werefblpasing ah(: thanking her passed away jacefully, ,ful)f eefenea to will of berJFather assurance of a. resurrection wit a.the Just, , 0 tfQthejpfor-.beijinanlSi- , e !Mfi fa. ttM " "i . TiiE raTitioN attI-polStgam- y , . - n rb-uioti- ng ( home-manufact- ure life-wo- rk co-labo- rers -- home-manufactu- re r. self-sacrifici- ng ' ; ' lore-T- ; ! : The ladies confess, In theiVaddresia gress has utterly 'failed io, put? 6w fpljjipwff I would here ,ask '' the qu jo.pi' Wat 1& the ; cause of thelrjt4ju cause they; jhayei)ea,pegjiB plans, in laygicemeWrfJa enactingjaws. No! no(: bv; any means; for, most assuredly they have been dillgen t; workers in, their j master' cause uTlie answer ia sinipief bnt.tmly eigpifi-caithiais God's work, jvrie hth cpnimaDded that the law of; Celestial Marriage shall bpb served, and : who shall disannul' Jt?VrfWhat is the puny arm of man?: It' f i like! tho i bubble in the brook. Again, they ire horrified that ah Apostle be alwith four acknowledged wiVc8,'-shoul' lowed to stt in Congress. Pcor'rigliteous eoubj! How can they evef associate wlth the Goi o f Abraham? For we read fn ihe good old Bible that be was the friend 'of oj&nd hi Jhfs seed nt . d 1 ail the nations of the earth W And .hoV can Jttieir rlghieoussouis ever stoop to enter through tile pearly gaffs otjik JSTew. Jerusalem, whereon' shall be 'Inscribed the names of the twelve Patriarchs, nofce4,polyga- . i ' f i t in' misis, anu 91 polygamic aescenv; . do you believe the Bible? If you do, you will see by perusing its pages that poly were eoainenti favored , of God. The Lord appeared to Jacob when he was trayeliDg with his four, wives, andj blest, him, and faid, "Tbou.ara pripce, and hast power wtb: God.". Aleo Godald unto Abraham, fThlsjlliall be a memorial untoiall generations, that V am the God of Abraham, Isaac and Jscib."Again, "Gentiles are not adriiltfed into the Endowment!Hotxse,?orTcniplefl.:: 0 fools, and slow of heart. Know ye not thaMirtheMo-ai- c dispensation none were permit! tfd.to enter into the holiest of Holies, except, the High Priests, and that only onee a year. And whenever God has ti' people holding the 'HUy Priesthood here on earth, they have.-lioly- i places wherein to administer In holy ordibiitices'per-taininthereunto.' And let the' Gentiles ware, and remember the? fate of tfieV. Philistines in connection with the ark GooV"n have theae1 bjiHstian One qdestbri-Wha- t ladles tdglve us'in lieu of I'jlygamy? Jtwill answer fot" them, for the result of Monogamy cry aloucf, crroptjon, egradatlofij deatn, adultery, illegitimacy; infahticidettnUja manner of abominations follow in therliln'of Social Evil. ' And i of this class are hose head against Apostles and Prophetsj shall be; the blood of all the Prophets and of all the :lainof the elirtlj, fo;;as thfeirfitherl did so do they; for the' UtJe.' wlck4 iplrit'ls io their hearts.-- Under thVsiarlet cjoak of Chris- umiy;itry umiu up caurcnes 10 jeaa balnts, M 1 ' . "" Anu-poiyg-amis- ts, ', ga-mi- sts : - : gi 1 ; tho-whaflg- . llnUtLm7 - f' i?ey' would Another qaestlpttBiserSj'shairwe give up Plural Marriagebr anybtber prlriclple efMor monIam? No I , ( Echo ans wera 2X6t JiFmm every mother and daughter in Israel;- - we shall stand boldly for the cause of truth, and virtue. Our cause is Just and in'.God is'6orJtrust; Meri deliver ns; we have proved Hioiln'days that are past Ever praying: for the .Jbrofperfty of Zion. Marv JFerquson. t -- -- - . 