could bo traced to t he firesid e, and the neglect of parents to fulfill duties that were BELIEF SOCIETY QUABTEBLY OON - f- FEBENCE. WKBEJl STAKE OF ZION. sacred. Bishop Hammond, of Huntsville, commended the sisters for their earnestness and diligence; felt tho Belief Societies were a great help to the Bishopsi Pres. Bichards made some brief remarks and invited the little children and parents to meet at tho Tabernacle at half past eight on the following morning, when Miss E. B. Snow and other sisters would speak to them on the subject of a Primary Association. Thus closed the first day of the Conference. ' This Conference was held in the Tabernacle in Ogden City, Thursday and Friday, Aug. 15 and 16; the first two day's meeting the sisters have ever held, which makes it quite an event in the history of the women of Utah. Mra. Jaun S. Bichards, with her Counselors; Mrs. II. C. Brown arid Mrs. Conference Sarah A. Herrick, presided. opened at 10 a. m. on Thursday. On the aiiildren's meeting. re-repo- .Pres.Peery,ihen.. tho labors of the sisters, in benevolence, in storing grain, in doing business, and all tho associations and pursuits in which they Elder Shirtluff,. of are called to labor. Harris ville, spoke upon faith and the ordi nances for the sick, storing grain and other subjects. AFTERNOON MEETING. Convened at 2 o'clock. After opening services Mrs. M. I. Home, Pres. of Salt Lake Stake Belief Society, addressed tho meeting. Her remarks wero mostly upon woman's duties and responsibilities, the work of Belief Societies, the storing of grain, the training of children, the franchise, the inheritance of daughters; referred to the days of M6ses, when the Lord . spoke concerning the daughters of Zeloph-ladMiss E. B. Snow then delivered an address upon the disciplining and ' eloquent of children, their spiritual culti- educating vation, evil Influences and their effect; made reference to tho origin of a plan to "" inangurato a system of Primary Associa-- : tions; alluded to the faith, gifts and blessings manifested among the children in tho tho early days of the Churchy and the lack of them at the present time. Mrs. B. W. Smith thought it was timo for parents to awaken to tho exigencies of the hour, for wo wanted our littlo boys to become Bishops and great men, and our littlo girls companions and helpmeets for . them. Mrs. Zina D. Young exhorted ths sisters to live their religion, honor God and His laws, and live faithfully every principle of . r strengthen all who desired to K carry out the revelations of God. She said a - we have been resting here thirty years, is it any compliment to us to eend.our children . away to bo educated? Should we go to tho nations of the earth to gather in scattered Israel, and let our children grow up in infidelity? She believed much of .tho unbeliei AFTERNOON MEETING. Meeting convened at the usual hour, and opened with singing and prayer. Mrs. II. A. Snow addressed the meeting on woman's organizations generally, the good results, to establish tho efforts-mad- e in Box Elder Co.. of the- - increasing need of responsibilities of woman and-thgrace ana numiuiy. aisss l. it. enow then spoke upon the principles of the Gospel, the duties of home-worthe listlessness of the Saints, the mission given to us in the spirit world, warned tho sisters not to be governed by their feeling?, but by princi. pie. Mado somo excellent remarks upon Celestial marriage, told that largo' congregation that the principle of plural marriage home-industri- - e . ' : taught her by JoseDh Smith tho Pmnh. et; related part of a conversation between herself and the wife of the American Min- ister to Greece; the lady acknowledged that if she had such festimony as Miss Snow assured her she had, she should? forget herself in her desire to fulfill her mission. Miss Snow closed by saying the organization of the Y. L. SI, I. A. of Weber Stake would be deferred for the present. Mrs. E. Davis made a few remarks, and recited a poem upon "Plural Marriage," com. nosed man v fvears since bvr John Jannoa mf X Counselor C. Middleton said the majority ruled andas Avomen-we- re greatly- majority -he was acting under orders in speaking.- Spoke upon the responsibility of mothers, the home education, the storing of grain, and many other things, Bishop McQuarrie said he remembered once talking to a congregation of sisters when it was too stormy for the brethren to turn out. Spoke of the grain and granaries, and urged the brethren to assist the sisters in this matter. Elder David M. Stuart said the sisters were a power in Utah and it was being felt here and elsewhere; said the Bishops in Ogden were going to help tho sisters in building granaries. He felt that the sisters were assisting socially and religiously io Testablish the government of God. rresiueni liicnaras announced me adjournment of the Conference for three months, and the meeting closetl with- --singing and - prayer. These are but a very few of the many precious things spoken by the sisters and brethren. It is impossible to publish all, there is so much good instruction given, s but this being the first meeting we felt it would be a precedent for other Stakes, and we know there is much work to be done and comparatively few earnest and efficient workers. Financial report of all the branches of Belief Society of Webe? Stake of Zion, from April 30th to Aug. 14th, 1878: Beceipts, in Cash and Mercbandise.$199 80 Disbursed to those needing asssis- 122 23 tance 7 90 To P. E. Fund................ ........... 67 40 To Temple Fund 2 00 To Missionary Fund'. W fc 1 a m m ' mm a v-- two-day- To Welsh Fund 18 00 Hey-woo- . the Gospel; if it was plural marriage,-honohold it sacredj and the Holy Ghost would it, .bless-and- rts self-sustainin- - was in-t- he At half past eight o'clock nFriday morning the Tabernacle was well filled with parents and children, anxiously expectant, and when Miss Snow rose to address them they were all attention. The Spirit of the Lord rested upon the speakers, and all felt it to be a memorable occasion. The Secretary recorded the names of nearly three hundred children who desired to become members of a Primary Association. Conference convened at 10 o'clock on Friday. There were present on the stand, besides the President of the Stake and Counselor Middleton, officers of Belief Society, and ladies who were present the previous day, Elder D. M. Stuart and Prof. Monch, of Ogden, Junius F. Wells and Milton II. Hardy, who are traveling together in tho interest of Y. M. M I. A., and Mrs. S. M. Kimball, Mrs. S. S, Young, Mrs. S. M. Hey wood and Mrs. E. B. Wells, of Salt Lake City Tho first business was the of the Y L M. I. A., read by the Secretary, Mrs. B. Moneh, who acquitted herself excellently well in that capacity. The reports represented the Society in good condition, spiritually and financially. Mrs. E. B. Wells addressed the meeting, dwelling upon practical development, and the higher cultivation of mental powers and spiritual attributes, tho mission of woman, her influence in home and society, and the Mrs. necessity of becoming S. M. Kimball said in the past the sister in their organizations, had been mostly engaged in works of charity and benevolence; now the sphere was enlarged, and one of the subjects wo should inform ourselves upon was social science, for tho women of Utah had a responsibility resting upon d them in this direction. Mrs. S. M. spoke upon the training of children, the work now in contemplation among them, tho great field for woman's labor, and tho need of wisdom and diligence. Bishop F. A. Brown said he always liked to hear women talk; said the Saints had many things taught to them that tho world would not receive; in our, weakness wo had received them, and in seeking to carry them out we sometimes mado crooked paths; we are all in the school and trying to do better. Stake were Pres. D. II. Feery, of Weber Stake of Zion, and some Bishops of Ogden, Bishop Hammond, of Huntsville, and representative ladies, Miss E. B. Snow, Mrs. & W Smith, Mrs. Zina D. Young, Mrs. M. P. Young, Mrs. E. Davis, I. Home, Mrs.-M- . of Salt Lake City. The Conference opened with singing and prayer, in the usual manner; then the Secretary, Mrs. A. M. Frods-ham- , read the minutes of the last Quarterly meeting, Financial Beport of Ogden Belief Society, and the reports of the various branches of that Stake. The congregation was large, and sisters from all the settlements iu the county wTere present. The reports were creditable, representing the condition of each branch spiritually, Industrially and in benevolent and charita-bi- o pursuits. Pres. Bichards made a few congratulatory remarks, and Miss E. B. Snow then addressed the meeting in her usual spiritual and interesting manner, - NENT. WOM AN'S EX PO 54 . k, , es 216 63 Total $1301 67 Property on hand.... 71 04 Cash on hand 478 bu. Wheat reported Amount of cocoons raised not known. A. M. Frodsiiam, Becording Sec'y B. S. for Weber Co. ANNIVEBSABY DAY. , national woman suffrage association. We have gathered, from tho 'National Citizen and Pallot Boxy items concerning the Convention held in Rochester on Friday, July 19, in the Unitarian Church. In our issue of Aug. 15 we published notes of the Business Meeting held tho day previous. At ten ockck the delegates assembled; the pulpit had; been removed, making a larger platform for the speakers. Bochester, now called the "City of Flowers,1? had contributed of its beauty to the adornment of the church, in bouquets, in twining wreaths running through the low wiro lattice, about the platform, and in hanging clusters of vines from chandeliers." "There was a pleasant interchange oi are far greetings from womoifwtiQSO homes . 