For the Expos IN THE CANON, With' weary foottopfwanderrnr , From busy enea of life, In solitude, deep, pondering Lone thought with eadnesa rife, . We Bought the cool, inviting shade The birch boughs gently threw Atomg the bosom of the glade Begemmed with crystal $ev foliage swung Around, the wild-roIn summer's radiant a"reeD; Above, t be giant boulders hung To guard tbe gentler scene: se stream IoeVlhTsnow-fedTnounlal- n In silver beauty flowed, Its briast icflccting every gleam Aurora's nn bestowed. Tho morning, young and beautiful, Breathes music to the soul Of him whose thoughts are dutiful To nature's mild control; For us, her varied melody She played with smiling face, The stream, in rippling harmony, Enhanced each tuneful grace, And held her jeweled chalice forth And wooed us to the draught, Distilled for hearts, though sad, whose ivorih -Repaid what wortkithey quaffed. We drained her cap, and wisdom smiled As peace her gentle sway Resumed, and, by her voice beguiled, Pale sadness died away; Ther e surely is in quietude, Where ratio nature dwell?, For spirits lost In solitude, For pain ti at inward wells, . A source of comfort yielding balm A mother's tender kits, That lays the troubled waters calm, And fills the soul with b!l?s. 0. F. W. Wednesday morning, July 24," 1878."" rFor the Exponent. SHOULD WE GLEAN? - It is to the daughters of Zion, to the faithful, the humble, the meek and the lowly, that I would appeal in favor of gleaning; for none but such will value it as a privilege to out in perhaps, a very warm summer day, and gather the golden heads of grain left in the field. In the short time since the sisters were first told to store up grain, a great amount of breadstuff has been laid up, with which fact, all who read the Exponent are well acquainted. The readers of the Exponent will also remember that our beloved and departed Prophet, President Brigham Young, in a meeting with tho sisters at Ogden, said "Let the sisters glean." It is not for me to say who should glean, and who should not, "Wisdom is justified by her children," but sisters, let none of as think that it doesn't mean us, if wo possibly can go. Some will say "I will rather give a bushel of wheat,' than go out to glean." That is a very good substitute for gleaning, provided you cannot go; but, it does not quite cover the ground, sisters, unless such is tho case. The wheat we glean to storo up f6r Zlon is clean, pure, plump wheat; it is not taken from our husbands' granaries; it, is clear real at tho same limo ve positive, gain, yield obedience to the command of a kind Heavenly Father. - Let us, who know, the will of our Father, labor while yet it is day" for no ono knoweth how long Providence will vouchsafe such .bountiful harvests as wo havo been permitted to reap for a succession of years. It has been spoken by holy prophets, modern, as well as ancient, tuat fcmino will smite the earth and its ir. habitants. And how often havo wc not shrank from the mere thought of the terri- - thatare yet ble sufferings nnrf Wps those who have cleaned, to come upon those who-Wigleanhercafter, and those who would cheerfully glean if they but "could," and all who lend and efforts to the great object of filling the store bouses of tho Lord. - blind, disobedient, ungrateful man To those, (If any there be) whose hands are so soft, white and tender, that their owners feel as If they can not possibly expose them so, or, they havo not been "raised" to do such work, I would say read the beautiful little story, of a few months back, in the Exponent, entitled "Two if wo pairs of hands." Let us all do not remember, euch spirited, Inspiring ai tides as "Sisters be in earnest," and 'The Grain Question," and not allow ourselves to forget that the time is shprMud gelling Bborter every day in which to venfor the great day of the Lord's re-rea- ll their-influen- ce -- n. Gunnison, July, 1878. For the Exposest. d, THERE IS MUCH TO LEABN, I geance. - . be-wort- if my - few scattering of-a-placo- hy your Jn valuable paper. This morning I on reading an article in the Exponent, corJacob's pillar, by your much esteemed respondent, Mrs. Hannah T. King, and caunot help "exclaiming, how little we know. I am an Englishwoman, visited Westminster; why certainly walked on the stoae around the Coronation Chair, and not until within an .hour did I knoiy tradition said that stone was the identical pillaV Jacob rested his head on when he wasJricssed with the Almighty sending his angel to minister unto him. How true the saying tho older we grow In this kingdom, the less we know, there is so much to learn and sometimes we are so hard ' to acquire it. g and This is an age of fashion, nonsense, or shall I say seemingly so; for Satan feels his limb is short, and is throwing his nets around fU9 in Xevery have been fault-findin- 'IreeHon sides he feels the Priesthood his Mastery Is fully aroused, and understanding his wiles is busy stopping every gap; yet a. little while and he will find himself thwarted. Havo not the prophets of old written that God's people would bo willing In ttmday of His power? to do what? serve him truly, loyally." That day; is nigh at hand, and many, many are waiting and watching. The masses of our people, are earnest, even those who seeminglyare tcareless and in. different to the interests of tho kingdom; probe them to the quick, they are sound on tho gospel. My sisters, let us watch and pray that God will bless us, that the young, our darling children, when weighed in the balance will not be found wainting, If it were in my nower, I for one, as a fond, foolish mother, would e'en bear every trial: that my children might walk' in the paths of comfort arid blessings. Brit ' that, ; we parehts havo to learn must not be, 'twould rob them of the crowns of glory they would have if proved faithful. I ready and see a great deal of folly in regard to extravagance In dress, furbelows, trail?, and all the formula of fashion ; Is in our midst. Cannot we mlddle-rige- d sisters lay aside form of dress every except that which is neat, economical, pleasant to the eyo and comfortable to tho wearer. v If we do this, our young folks af tor awhile1, will follow in our footsteps, wisdom will assume, her power over us, and we. may soon become what we desire, a pattern t0 all nations. May God bless us to that 'end, is tho prayer of your ":,- - .", B. M. . x , - . do not know -- thoughtsanay pro-par- e The history of storing grain by tho Relief Society of this place, commenced in '75, under the most favorable auspices. Our Bishop made It a topic for public speaking in our Sabbath meetings, by himself and the leading brethren, till In a few weeks everybody in town was familiar with it, and the way was paved for the sisters whose duty it became to gather donations for Zlon's Belie! Fund. With all our available means, except t wen ty.fi vo dollars with which, we purchased a sharo in the publication of the Woman's Book, we bought up wheat; the brethren and sisters air donating liberally, besides, soon swelled the pile. And when the idea of gleaning by the Belief Society and Y. L. M. I, A. was mentioned, our Bishop called for vol unteers at every Sabbath meeting as long as gleaning was kept up, to take the glean-- . era to. t h aJieULja ncL backlwhiclL-was.-re-jonde- d to by many of our brethren, the Hfishop attending in person several times, making us feel that they took a lively be. coming interest in the endeavors of the sisters. Those who volunteered to convey the gleaners, met at the place appointed, at 8 o'clock, a. m., twice a week, and shortly after wo rolled out of town a very happy company. We did not "stand," nor indeed, "sit" on ceremonies, but we did sit down on our empty sacks which, filled in the evening, with headings afforded us very comfortable seats. After, gleaning from 9 till 12 a. m., wo availed ourselves of the "squatters right," and how we did enjoy our dinner! The good things brought by the sisters who had plenty, were freely di. vidrtd with those who had less, making the nooning a very enjoyable affair. We knw very well it would be naughty to lay down the farmer's lucerne, and empty his cellar for milk, so we did not do it. And though we enjoyed our dinner: immensely; we did not forget that gleaning was object number one, of which our well filled sacks bore ample evidence. One of our most delicate and refined sisters went out with us and gleaned, quite sure of a severe headache, and on returning home, told us with becoming pride, that she had had no headache, and said she, "I thought gleaning was something so hard, so different frjm what it is." I have no doubt that gleaning would be very bard to carry on to any great extent, if the brethren did not give it their support if the gleaners were left to walk to tho field, and carry their filled sacks home,., after eight or nine hours gleaning; if the gleaners were a small minority, Instead of a great majority of the sisters, old and young of a place; If they Wero scoffed at, instead of honored, encouraged and supported In it. By gleaning too many hours a day, and too many days a week, It becomes irksome. But It takes faith, horo and charfly to glean for Zion. m. . fc - : co-labore- - r. llichmond, Cacho Co., July lGtbYlS78. Marriage Is a most eacred and solemn ordi- nance; it should never bb csteempd IMfM v. The days of life are many, and diversities of circumstances sorely try all prosperity a3 well as adversity has its peculiar too much care cannot be taken in cultivating and developing affection after marriago, that tho strength of affection may overcome all trial3 and ; unite truly those who are made due by the priest. -- disad-vantage.va- nd 