WO'tiXW'Sl EXPO N ENT. 6 to save us in the Celestial kingdom of " heaven? J. G; " ' Aewof my thoughts on the religion we Jbelleve rin.Wben II ook around and see of the outside .world denying, even n,0themany exlstehno of God, mates mo shudder for'them and see 'hatthey lteqnder iii in life yorth living TorViipipUthemiJiL. - their ignorance.; ; When Ieflect upbn these thank the ' thlngsjU -L- terCdayfialnt and strlyfqg'' to Jbe more and " more worthy 'orthenamev Lct us strive hard go thatwe can tiuly feel that we have jitfedWenstepeara our wo sometimes think that our trials are more' than we can bear, I think if we would 1 keep Uhe reward in view we: would not think so mubh abdut' them; bhlyl for a few hours as it were have we to serve our Heavenly Father and keep the : commandments that He has given us, and then eternal happiness is ours. Is any sacrifice" .too great to make for such a boon? let us try and think not, and I know the more wo - try to live our religion, the more the Lord .helps us, sometimes we, are tempted to go reXtray sobutletit lisis alonly when wo forgetforourwhat waya remember ligion, - we are wb have so many blessings living; for which we ought to beVthaukfuI, even . Jt were it oulyjour meetings, but, it seems as ! we to be prevented from at have though realize th tending them before It has certainly proved so in my case, but I do try to realize how much moro I am blessed than those who do not understand the Gospel, yet I fear I all far 'l short of th e mark. A fter. having had a knowledge of the truth of our religion given us we must live up to it, or how much greater will bo Our condemnation than that of those who have not received that knowledge.; I often think that we cannot fully , comprehend the glory of the work in which we are engaged, or we. would r never alter more dui aevote, ourselves Vi jor a. moment ' to earnestly pur religion lives; : : : I ! -- eir-trueTal- we.-cari- -- ( JU)uie Morris. ,! ; ; ty?fis$t '0.;.. , Cffy;ip,5ist, CPl , "i 878. til" woman's Voice. W " Clarkston, May 15, 1878. i ue; patient, although they may bo hard to bear at the time, but we must realize from r whence the blessings come. I realize that the things that, I. pass through gives mo that experience that I could not get iri arty other way; therefore it gives me great joy to think that the Lord overrules all things for the best good of all his faithful saints, who love to do his will. 1 think many times that this is a hurrying dispensation in, which we live. The Lord is overruling all things for the advancement of Zion in When I look around and the Latter-daysee the manifestations of his power I feel anxious to assistjn rolling on this great and mighty work, for if wo stand still Iho car ; Feeling interested in the welfare of Zion. - and also in the young and rising generation, I ofTera few of. my thoughts on the subject. ' Of training children; having a family of i children of my own and desiring that they - ..may become useful men and .women in the kingdom of God) and; thinking it is every mother's, wish .for their sons and daughters j(:to become.useful in the kingdom, I have re- .fleeted much on the best course to pursue. .Sisters let us. teach our children to bewatch- ,i ful and prayerful and truthful, and keep the company of good Latterda Saints; let us parents set them good, examples, such as Jas WlU bo, worthy of imitation,' In things both 'r temporal and spiritual. Although our tri- ala may bo great let us try and overcome so 1 that wo may gain tho prize In store for the faithful.1 I know for one that thu adver- is oeraTthe Tilert 16 tempt us to do ' wroug and lead us in by and forbidden 'paths.' How happy had wo ought to feci to think we have wisb: men- to counsel us who hold the ' Holy Priesthood. Let us ' obey them and put In practice what we are taught; let us teach our daughters to dress modestlynnd as becomes Latter-da- y Saints and npt allow ourselves to talk against any of the principles of the Goepel, for we know that they arc pure and holy - and calculated -- : , . - . , f 74ry - ' of :limaiil.pass us wiflly by and leave us in the rear. It matters not how much we are scoffed at or derided; wo must observe the counsel of our Savior. He will conduct the plan. Can we become the working bees in the hive of Deseret, if we do not accomplish our part of the labor that is assigned us to do, that we can keep everything in its proper place, that the moths cannot find place among us; for what keeps outside the hive cannot spoil the honey, but It is the canker that is inside that gnaws the vitals and lops the branches. Let us try to keep a clear conscience, void of offence towards God and man; let this bo our aim and object, that the spirit of peace may be and abide with us from this time henceforth and forever. Wishing success to your most valuable paper, I am yours, ' Bespectfully, Sarah Sudweeks. SERICULTURE. Kane Co., April 20th, 78. Editor Exponent: I write to inform you of the progress of IiocKViLLE, silk culture In this place. When tho counsel of President Young was given for the "Relief Society to assume the responsibility of raising silk, the society which had been formed was merged into the Relief Society, and their first efforts were directed to build, ing a house which was accomplished by subscription in time to use last year, but iri consequence 'of the cold damp Weather, very few worms hatched, bin those that did were raised with hardly an, exception. We have plenty of eggs, having raised five dozen. They aro just commencing to hatch and if they do well we shall have some worms to spare besides somo silk we raised last year. X Tho society owns a lot and have planted 10,000.mulberry cuttings and a quart of seed in it, (the same lot on which tho silk house is situated), they are doing well at present.. Respectfully Yours, Bertha Olsun Superintendent Rockyillo SillrSociety v . which leave The thin, papersoled-boot- s to chill feel of the wearer the thepavempnf or the damp of the grass- - wherever she may Walk, must bave shortened thousands nf lives in Europe, and even more in America Combined with - these, we have now the high heels, which in a short- period convert the foot into a: shapeless deformity, no iiIbr3Ke0.v exercise. : An experienced shoemaker in. formed the writer that, between the results of tight boots and high heels, he scarcely knew a lady of fifty who had what he could call a loot at all they had merexlubs. And this is done, all this anguish; endured, for -- the saKe ofbeauty!. Bad as stays,and chignons,and high heels and paint, and low dresses, and all the oth.' er follies of dress are, I r am, however, of opinion that the culminating folly of fash-Iothe one which has most d and durable consequences, is the mode in which for ages back women have contrived that their" skirts should act as drags and swaddling-clotheweighing down, their : ,. n, wide-sprea- : s. ; -- . trled as gold seven times purified in the. furnace. Trials are for bur gxid if wo aro Circle Valley, Tin to Co. Editor Exponent., . . alr. qi-hatiam BY FRANCES POWER COBBE. in the cause of truth, lor truth can never die, it is firm as the "liock , of Ages,7 and will last to all eternity. There aro many that live in the midst of persecution all their ' lives; but it causes them to know in whom they trust. We cannot depend on the arm ,? ? EDITpR EXPONENTr I feel that I cannot remain silent when there is so much that should be said itf tho cause of Zlon.II How firm we ought to bp EXTRACTS, FROM "THE LITTLE HEALTH OF LADIES." - s, hips and obstructing the natural motion of the legs. Two hundred years ago the im. when she wanted to carry mortal ' heir milk-pa-Perrette, swiftly to market, w;as obliged to dress specially for tho purpose: From that timo to this the Mcotillon simple" modest, graceful, and rational has been the rare exccption,and every kind of flounce and furbelow, hoops and crinolines, pan. niers and trains, "tied back" costume, and "robe collante? has been successively the bane of women's lives, and the slow destroyer of their activity. It has been often remarked that tbe sagacity of Romish seminarists is exhibited by their practice of compelling boys destined for the priesthood to flounder along the streets in their long gowns, and never permitting them to cast them asido or play in the close fitting clothes wherein English lads enjoy their cricket and The obstruction to free action, though perhaps slight in itself, yet constantly maintained, gradually tames down thevildest spirits to the level of ecclesiastical decorum. But the lengthiest of "soutanes" is a joko compared to the multitudinous petticoats which up to the last year or two, every lady was compelled to wear, swathing and flowing about her ankles as if she were walking through the sea. Nor is the fashion of these latter days much better, , when the scantier dress is "tied bick" as I am informed with an elastic. band, much on the principle that a horse is "hobbled" in the field; and to thisa tail a yard'long Is addeel, which must either be left to dragglo In tho mud or must occupy an arm exclusively to hold it up. In youth these skirts are bad enough, as exercising, a bonstant'eheck on free and healthful movementf but the moment that the elastic steps begin to give of middle life, the place to the lassitude ' caso Is desperate. Thero.is no longer toovercomo the impediments crcatod and tho poor by tho ridiculous 'tfspancefs," ' donkoy of a woman hobbles daily round a shorter and shorter course, till at forty or , fifty she tells her friends, with a sigh that she find (she cannot imagiue why) that she 1 T il -- foot-bal- l. en-org- y cannot walk at all! : Does decency require such a sacrifice as this? Does tho utmost strain of feminine modesty ask for it? If it were so, I for one, should leave the matter . with a sigh) as not senses is to bo remedied. But who in-h- 