TO mistakably, this applies to tho whole a A GEODEL BROUGHT FK0M THE BA KICS OF THE ".! , janssissipn. -- cLr1-t;i-;' g pure un-- 1 , that tures; it'scems impossible sophisticated mind, I cultivated by nature and eduwtlonrshbuldTfaii to discover tbo of- the footprints of Deity, and by means . spirit ear catch the whisperings of the "still Ismail voice that breathes ,iuto every mind, 1 that is open to receive it. That discrepancies havo crept in, Jhcroycan bo no doubt e passed-throu- pass away but my words snail hot pass Let tno aououng, nuu. iuyiv, mu away infidel, study these mysterious -- page, let them; pray, if they are not accustomed to - Though yeaiayc,enturies,WerlbeeJ)avrQll 7 Into thy beauteous heart still have tny eyes, . Of all tho earth's these eyes first penetrated, ' ITiou wonderment of God's creative power! Vara were j to Inquire f thee wby:4bai ia r j' , Withia thy nodute rough oldest thy gems '. Or who thee wrapped in cerements coarse and plain And bade thee 'ncath the waterfall to lie'i v ; Upon thh river's bank; Or boulder rock, .... Unnoticed and alone?:-an- d totbyjieart, fv rare? such t; Thine Inner temple, grave beauty ,fs Who thee endued with power the rainbow hues thou, From the o'erarchlogr heaven to bring-je- s, . j --z- ll during'iho casual tiestheyT-hav- T The delicate rays that form our glad'oioff light!-. With such precision geometrical, t Who measured all thy angles, crystal-sbapcu- V Made multiform and regular their sides-- . Each shaft minute, finished so wondiousb? Thou smiling prairie flower, give auswerbere, bird, reply?, Thou sportive, music-warbli; to-day- i the imnortil spirit Thou hast given Brightening and cheering wberesoVer they fall. Grant me thy holiest influence within, , That as tho years successive roll along . ' I , Silently and unseen by aU save thee, Each inwrought Christian virtue may grow bright Grant, Father when thy powerful .hand shall crush r i; - . cJMtytf language! My;f rjume asTibi such was the common Va'zing on my soul, Thine eye, find to offend, but clear, serene, May nothing rEgypt and Palestine, where Its chief scenes are laid What books omearth can compare with Ezekiel, Isaiah, the book of Job the ' ' Scott says: ' -- T 7- - 77 "7" ' : . -- The person Who possesses a cheerful teni. perament Is one to Whord the hear ihstinc- ively turns for sbcie ty and 'sympathy. Cheerful people do a vatt' amount of good in this world by buoying up and ehcourag-- 7 4 ing others.; It is a: virtue In Itself and a pronooter of happiness inward 'and butiT ward; It is not simply an act but a habit of the mind, and one which should be - efful-gent- ly "Within this awful volume lies Tho mystery of mysteries. for a brief, transitory moment, but i r 1 -- er . . " it kind of daylight "in the mind aad l A keeps fills it completely! with a calm aud'nevei failing serenity jXheperson who' is cheerful, is happy to a certain extent, not laiigh. ing IouuIyj br7over 7b verflowirig7wlthiex-- 7 cessivo mirth, these aro not indications of joy, Goldsmith said: iAnd the loud laughter that epoke tho "'vacant mind," biit7 funder the 1 wearing a smile always-unlespresence of somo heaver affliction;' The great and good effect of a cheerful tempor-- a. Both men and women of the Scriptures are models to copy from; there is no false gloss thrown over them they varo brought out in bold relief, tho head as well as ihe foot is told; no flattery is seen: in those pages; no tinselled .drapery, m no stars oi gar, ters" to dazzle the yes, and hood wink tho judgment; no titles of honor,"Their epitaph is their name alone. Wo, say Moses, and of Israel rises before us the, Isaiah, and the sublime prophet and poe t of God is there in .all his gloryEzekiel, the man of sublimo visions, and the avenger Tis useless to individualize where all are great and good.- - t I have ever observed that a Bible a, Scripturejreader, one who.desired and pray; ed for the Inspiration" of the spirit of God as they reaoT and stud ietd these ublime fe. cords, I note that they spring at once to a higher degree of intelligence, a larger more expanded brain, a more com heart,-prehensive judgment? and in consequence a more extended charity and a greater appreciation of the sublime, the beautiful and the glorious; because the soul, has been " ' Iiook:of . awakened and cultivatcd- - by-t- he Inspiration of tho rjpirit of God. The BiV .bio has ever been a 'text book and our laws are framed from its code-an- d betWeen the Old and New Testament thero i3 a perfect . harmony. The eacred observance of tho Sabbath, is one of the testimonies of the divine origin Yof. the Holy 4 Scriptures. 11 WhereYoro" thochildren of " Israel shall k eep the Sabbath, 1 1 Is a si gin be t Ween mo and them forever. Such aro the words of v God Himself, Exodus 31st, chapt., 1G.17 verses. Nothing can - bo moro emphatic a - Orpyerwrqught gladnessi but7 is an anti. j dote against falling; into the, depths of sor-- , b rowi It is not like a brilliant- flash of viv. id lightning that breaks suddenly through' a gloomy m 1st of clouds and glitters And better had he ne'er been born, I, Than read to doubt, and read to scorn " law-giv- Its power The nameless charm worth all tho rest The ligrbt that danevs o'er thifacei- -: And speaks of sunshine In the breast." to give the mind or the person exquisite 7.. 7" -; It gives to beauty half r abiding! Cheerfulness cannot be said -- , : " 1 the climax of all, the Revelations. But 'tis vain to attempt enumerating from first to last, It is the Book of Books, Sir" Walter '. There is ever an inspiration "in the Scriptures that I feel in no other book; yet others charm, delight, instruct, and have made tor mel)ftea "aunihifie'in the1 shaded It was my mother's custom to teach her children to read selections from the New Testament as soon as they had passed through, tho primer, and explain to, them what they read as far as they were capable to understand; many or the chapters are written in plain and simple language, such hs a child can compass. This system no doubt accounts for the delightful associations that have clung to me through life, and the inspiration accompanying them In theso days I mourn to find an Infidelic feeling with regard to the Holy Scriptures. I hear intelligent educated women exclalmi ing 71. cannot read the Script u res," t h cy are so deep, 1 know nothing about them." These words tell the tale, did they read would know and havo very different they feel.: ings with regard, to them. These Scriptures have fed trio world for generations with "food convenient to them," and many have been enlightened, strengthened, and invigorated by them for the journey of life, and the trials that "ilegh is heir to," There they have beheld themselves as in a mirror, their experience has been mapped out before them, and : there they have also found the panacea for them. The of David are especially! descriptive psalms of hu man life, its trials, sorrows, weaknesses sins, repentance, and the glory and ' exalta' tion thit awaits the soldier of when tho warfare of this terrestlal Christ, existence is ended. ThoSpiritof God and His inspiral tion, runsihrough every part of them, and by this establishes their divine origin un 77 the sunshine, and as capable of reflection. : 1 d o n 6 1 wish to be understood as applying : the term to something short lived and tran- - i slent, but that which is fixed permanent-an- d sublimthQjmysteribu r BY HANNAH T. KING. 1878. - CHFERFULNtfiSS. e THE HOLY SCRIPTURE. ' ray unbelief." ' ' June. ? Aid me to d aw the glQry of thy heaven. To earth, to scatter light in deeds of love, Sparkling with heavenly glow, and from the world Unsullied, may It gleam, and radiant ever, Omniscient God, with purest love to thpe! : Selected. TA hollow ball of rock lined with crystals, Thu h ng , in hand with a seoff, it will bo a testimony to youthat you "remain to prayT "ancl your words will bo those of oneof oId,"HelpfS - - And, noble stream, that bearest million souls Upon thy stalwart breast, what sayest thou? He who on my soul Its power bestowed To live for evermore? 0 Thou, Almighty! gh, another, and through so' many opposing, elements. Three- thousand of these holy Hooks, .were, by command of tho Pope, burnt at one timo'in Smithrield, London, all manner of and they have passed-througmergeneiesland secution of enemies. Yet these Scriptures exist in innumerable numbers in all civil- -' in every clime and ized countries tongue, a living oracle to ail who seek for the spirit of God by which they wero written. . The old Scriptures are an epic poem, the greatest and 'the grandest ever penned by mortal hand. In what other book shall wise and ethics,-suc- li wend suclr divine charity, such equal, just laws, such god-likhanded justice, such truth in. sublime, unblushing nudity; such lofty heroism, such living pootry as in the Holy Writ? Its allegories are inimitable. '7 Its parables a code of wisdom all would do well to study. It was written in a country, ,nd a language abundant in allegory : that holy exercise, try it, "prove all things" and believe that thougn you may take them its transit from .ond language to ? By than this; I feel atime is rapidly a ppioaen-inwhen the divinity of the Bcrfpture will bo proved by. marvellous demonstrations, Scrip- s anient upon those around us can scarcely be v estimated; the influence is contagious, it ro flecU itself and diffuses itself around upon all that come within the circle of Its radia?" . : tion. or:'' Cheerfulness leads to genuine kindness; and affability. Most persons can be endowed with this precious gift if : they rightly appreciate its possession, and seek to cult it. I cau see .only two reasons that could tear this happiness frjm us, and they are these, an inward consciousness of guilt, and disbelief in a Supreme Being. An atheist can nevqr wear tho same smile of innocence, although infidels are, judging: from what I have ever heard, or read, giv. cn, at times, to excessive mirth but usually, the glanco of 7 toinclancholy'and, Is a fearful melancholy gift." Cheerfulness C is ever consistent with the spirit of our c ' , noiy religion. . ; - ate . I , , fe L.! City, March 13187C J Anna. r - V " ', , ' Miss Aletta; Jacobs t has obtained the do ' of Doctor of Medlcino In H6Hand;THT gree the first time the title has been conferred ;is upon a lady in that country. She intends ro practice Jn Amsterdam, 4- 