' l - " i'- - i . 1 .V"l,il:il . ' ; i.s;jU.ii- m . IT - " ,;' ,. 'i " t? ...rji-i:,.- INSCEIBED TO BELLE AND MAGGIE. MctMaki the hand of angels traced The Picture which our wjodow graced; Design so perfect and so fain No power of chance could paint it there. 'Twas Christmas morn a year ago, Our eyes beheld, with morn's flrst glow, This picture, lorely, clear and plain, on the window pane. In frost-wo- rk ; A broken wall, with draw-bridthrown a Across moat with briars o'ergrown; ? " . Within, in desolation wild, A castle in deep ruins piled. v v . ; ... '',,--- . , : .While rising o'er the ruins high, , ;; t A cross was pointing to the sky; , ,And b'erlthe cross, resting Jnafr A' wreath of flowers divinely fair. 3Qrsaathe-United-Orderrrrtinite"them- - 5 ge . , Ob, emblem of our earthly day, r . ), j'. Life's eyerchangirig, fitful way,,' The Moat I view as time's swift tide, The Bridge the years o'er "Which we glide. " at once ' l Wo all exclaimed, Tis meant for us, A lesson on Christ's natal day, r To cheer and help us on our way. Help us bur Father well to learn, , Help us the Crown of life to earn, The Cross to'bearMThy will be done:' XuIdeus, wepfaytfi Ileavenis wen: : . ; -- flnd-tlm- : udtiiik K.'v- -a.k - j St Oeorgei- - ; , ,l7-.'V:n- For the.ExpojCEST. er Emily B. y -- 5 can, but gives no indications of a ,. OP A GREAT MAN'S:LIFE. ; r; t v , s, put his head out of a carriage' and called to. his driver, "Here! stop and t take that t boy In.17 Acwas taken cordingly, the poor ; up er 1 4 home I Jdo not know who,' all the . gay ; people; were wHb'pdssed ;!him by so thoughtlessly, but' the ' gentleman In whoso carriage he rodo was Brigham; Young. !. ; "rJL'Oi'R. 1 ; the-dai- -- 'RicriEs'" arof but' clpnera-Xi- tu- that makes the sum. , ; self-denia- l, -- is the mind , -l . id Teach and :mako Its practice pleasurable; and you create for the" world a destiny more subllmei than over:! issued j from the brain of tho wildest dreamer, r : 1 . . I Eternal ? P unisiiment,? Bed Beecber; In aIetter New York paper, n She claims the a : 6 to the Bible, to; reason and to common her father sense; and says of fire idea and brimthe literal rejected stone torments, he "described the sufferings of the wicked In; such terms as'caused her-self and Mrs. St6.we fb leave the church In tno midst of his sermon. J !. J' that-althoug- h . J MISCELJNEmj IkupIThe frbmrtbe; tojmast, boy In and'returued Iboked'up lfety,Xprountf man, look up? ahid!youWll)5udicd. Nover look dowd anddespalri Leave dangers bn., iryoti I falter, you for, and push ' lose.'? MiOok "up ! 'bo"? right. ,'and Urust 1 in un-car- ed A Parental an! accident occurs, learn whQtber.it.was through "mis , 1 HiNT.-rW.h- en fortune, : carelessness, or; wilfulness before you pass sentence. Accidents are frequently of great service, and children often learn more caution' and "real Information from1 ilieirr occurrence than from fifty lessons. Be It remembered that Uhe perfec- - tion of .science Is ; owing to the occurjenco Is and remedy'6f :itsiearly, accidents.) . Decision of . character i is qne of the most ; Important of .human qualities, 'philosophl- cally considered ;i Speculation knowledge, - Is; not the 1 chief end of, man ;::i tis ' action. We may. by a find education learri to think most correctly'; and talk) most Ibeatitifully; but when.lt comes to action, 11 wd aTe weak we are of alUbeingsT tho , and ; undecided, mostiwretched;:: All mankind ;feel them-- I selves weak,T beset with infirmitiesjiiand - surrounded with dangers; k tho r acutest minds. aro most "eonscious of idlfihultles and dangers. They want above: all: things a leader with that boldnessdecision and enwhich with! shame ' they do not find ergy, In theroselves. ;:"Glve us the man," shout the multitude, Jwho will step forward and talf e i the f responsl bill ty. ' n He is instantly the Idol, the lord, and the king among men. He, then, who would: command "among his .; iellows, must excel them more in energy or Will thaitin; power, of intellecLBarriapJ ji : : J and carried a good portion of his way ' . :by:MisslCatherino to-- , an .wood-chopp- , ex-Presid- ent ' - porUy-lookihg;genttem- bsls for negotiations, t :.rijf-..ti;The widow of Tyler has lately made tho acquaintance ! of v Airs. Hayes. . They are said to : bo not unlike t in appearance., Mrs. ,Tyler: is much: the elder of. the two, but : both.havo.the same bright expression of countenance, : black,'! glossy hair and agreeable manners. ;Iiovrji-i- : thundered .the captain? of a Wessel, as hlabby 7'ewrdIzzfwiIaga2doff r -- torthe Pope, expressing willingness to entertain friendly relations with the vatl-- . ily,, LLookCup!'! ', 1 V The QermAK Emperor writes courteous, ! x SrisNCER. bed-clothe- ...... r ic7jjo5 2li f: vi-;-- ihe;.epretary of fwar.", -- J t --- en h' : 1 .'-- ; .... i in tho East are again making strikes for higher wages: f lVw v The release of : Cheyenne' an& other has-beimprisoned-India- ns ordered by 7 There: had been; a "Twenty-fourtof In one of the canons' east of July picnic" this city. The sun was declining in the west, the festivities of the day were ended, and the merry company had . started, homo-- 1 ,' '.V-;ward. ..;..f At the side of the canon road trudged a young man, with a bundle of an ax and a dinner sack upon his back'. lie had, evidently, been' stopping some 'days and nights in the canon, "chopping; down timber ready fori hauling. - Ono after an.' other, of the vehicles which were convey'to', Ttheir homes, ing the merry-maker- s passed carelessly by, their, inmates scarcely noticing him. 'fiat;- after1 a whilej a fine, s : I;-".- ILLUSTRATIVE lis : . TI7Ab0rer3 AN ANECDOTE c ' it - .. e re-maind- WOMEN -- i -- 7r the presence of bur Father. Brought up in a town where the greatest pains were taken1 to educate women, and graduate them with' high 'honors; ih con - rjection with the colleges-marryl- ng a man that 'I could look ups to, and rely upon hia Into this Church at clear judgment---comln- g the' age of eighteenand .finding' that the power of voting-- was' given 'towomen as well as tO'men," I havo not felt that bitter-- x ness of spirit thafmany have felt, who have been wronged by those of the opposite sex. I have said, and still sav, that if women can do a' piece of work of any kind as well as men can, they should receive 'the ' same amount of pay; and ' not, becausa they ' are ' women, receive a less stipend.' .v -- r; ) UWomeri: in many nations are1 ibut'Ahe -packfhbrses ef'i men. bl Itude7 tt&civilifced en lord It in ' idleness and v barbarian, while women labor to raise bread for them 'to eat. Women in civilized ' countries, of ; the laboring :classesi have' had many io-- j: mestic duties to perform, which to them have generally be6n,; pleasant;' generally I : say; for I believe, as womdn' educate them- and mdveMn a higher sphere of 'eelyes'i ' ly thought and' action routine ot household employments becomes : irksome. L But' in the;lpreSent' state of: society -- how can they be carried on dlfferenUy? (riiose who are can able hire 7 help to have' their ' work xloneVbut ; lf all move "in he same plane of thought, or are - hot ' obliged to work tb'earh their bread; who will there bo -- .i ... : 2 V tt.i . i and as the Relief Societies have made a beginning, whereby, there will be more time ; for intellectual improvement, than. can be now taken in the majority of households. & often hear the remark; "I really :db htJt to read," and I have some ' tiniest felt" asf5if domestic 'duties' were' so'; own case, that IrhaveLto urgentpin my forego the pleasure of reading and writing, is spent in one although every odd moment r ' of those pursuitai ; half In time "I spend my thinking what to cook," is another' remark I sbmetiriics ' hear. Now, if the planning- - and cooking .came only once in a.while,. it could be en- tered into with renewed zest, and the of the time devoted to something else:The .every day practical duties of life should not be discarded, but every girK shQuldTbe"teugiirta perform them with ability; while arthe same timetheyr should v in , , , . sf tfearldrsd, .' ritten'inlSTL1" ; t not be the whole wprJcoMhisexistence.x The dawning of a future era for Women is wemen will1 relighting up joice to be emancipated from many cares that now hinder increased usefulness. The Lord is blessing the women of Zion; more and more "responsibility rests upon them, and more is required at their hands. Then let us bo fai th ful, even unto tho end, that we may receive our reward-- in s L - .stx. ; ; "TEdCastWof our fadetf dreams, ; A perfect emblem truly seems; While Faith's the eroes that points above, " G aiding us on to heaven and love. ' . .... .,' The Picture did not long remain, But left its stamp'on heart and brain'; Our. bright hopes may In rpin lie, ,1 God's promises can never die. We gazed in silence, 'til - to hire? There is, it seems to me, but one remedy for the women; to unite their la-- . OUl flCTURET ..'. - SALT LAKE : CITY, UTAH, APRIL 15, 1878. ! , "I -- -- ' - -- I if 