QjIA N 'S 0 Heber City, Wasatch Co., 30, 1878. Editob Exponent. We were favored with having our beloved sisters, Miss Eliza R. Snow and Mrs. Zina D. Young on the stand, for the first time in" It was what wo had long hoped for. President Margaret Muir, of the Relief Society, with her Counselors, and Pres. Anna DukeL of the Y L. A., with her Counselors, Were also present on the stand. A ffefsinging andpray er, President Muir made a few opening remarks, expressing " her pleasure at the sisters' visit. Miss Snow arose and said she was glad to see so many of the breihren taking so great an interest with the sisters of the Relief Society. She did not know how it was with the sisters here, but if we were united wo could do much good. The Prophet Joseph Smith said that all the sisters should be members of the Relief Society, and in Nauvoo chastity was a test of fellowship. Let us learn refinement, honor our positions, and go to meeting to get spiritual food. Let mothers pay their tith-to ing honorably, teaching their children observe these things, for it is mothers that felt that she had jive tone to society. She no spare time but what should be devoted to the. interest of Zion; she had many times worked so hard before meeting time that she had to pray to the Lord to give her strength to get to meeting. She was thankful she had never spoken against Celestial Marriage. Some sisters had asked JierMHow .. anlong shall we suffer these trials?" she swered, until they are no longer a trial, until we have got the victory over them. dared not call Spoke of for a vote, lest wo should be ashamed. She told us to exercise faith, that the time may come when we can raise mulberry trees here. The Prophet Joseph said the curse would not be taken off the earth all at once. She said, speak not evil one of anspoke other, for they that feared the Lordremem-bnncoften one to another, and a book of was kept. She did not wait for the Lord to force her when she was told to do in anything. Made some further remarks regard to storing up wheat and planting out beans. Mrs. Zina D. Young next addressed the and meeting. She said: "My brethren sisters, if I did hot know this to be the work of God I would not bo on this stand; but in the strength of tho Lord we can do what is required of us. A gentleman said to President Joseph Smith, 'How do you control this people?' lie said he told them what to do and they governed themselves. The key to the baptism for the dead has been restored, and the faster wo work for the dead the sooner they will be made comfortable. Jesus, in his mission, when ears of hungry and faint, had to pluck the corn by the way." Referred to paying tithing, for it will be by observing the laws She that we can be saved. at all times Ghost said we needed the Holy and in all our business. Spoke of evil that have crept among the people; let mothers havo a strict care of their daughters, for they had better die than defile their bodies, for it will take a long time; to have the stain removed. She said that many who now seem to beninthe shade and pass unnoticed, will shine bright in the kingdom of God. The Lord has planted within us the . germ , of intelligence. Never speak against the principle of Celestial Marriage, never mind who laughs at Ueber. NT. it, but keep humble, wo havo got good rulers. When your little girls are eight R. S. REPORTS July E XPONE -- -- home-industrie- s; e es years old let them join tho Young Ladies' Association. If the sisters would take the Exponent, those who are able, and t hoso who are not club together and take it, it would bo a good help to them. It would be well if some of the ladies of Heber City jwould go and learn medicine and surgery-le- arn to set bones, rather than havo to send to a doctor who is not of our faith. A doctor was sent for to sot a bone for a little girl, and he said she would be a long time before she would walk; but the sisters of the Relief Society washed and anointed her, and she "recovered fast. Pressdent Hatch endorsed what the sisters had said, and was glad they had come to visit us, He also would like some of the ladies of Heber City to study the profession of medicine and surgery. In the evening Miss E. R. Snow and Mrs. Z. D. Young addressed the young la- dies and gentlemen of HeberCity. Relief Society Quarterly report, from May 2d, 1878, to August 3, 1878 : ...$4 05 Donations received 3 15 Disbursed to poor.... 4 00 Balance in Treasury .30 bu Wheat in store for Zion. Ellen Lee, Mantj, Secretary. Aug. 11, 1878. Editor Exponent: Report of the meeting held in this city Juno 18th, by Miss E. It. Snow, Mrs. Z. D. Young and party. We feel that wo were very greatly blessed by their brief sojourn in our midst, and wo hope and trust that Providence will so order events that their visit, with its attendant blessings and enjoyments, may be repeated at no distant day. The subjoined is a copy of the minutes of that most interesting occasion. The Society met by special appointment. Opening prayer by President Petersen. Choir sang "Come thou glorious day of promise," also "When all thy mercies, O my God." Tho minutes of the previous meeting were read and accepted, after which Miss Eliza R. Snow addressed the meeting; said if the sisters wished to be edified, they must lift their hearts in prayer to God. She spoke of the organization of Relief Societies in the days of Joseph the Prophet, mid that chastity was then a test of qualification for membership. Exhorted the sisters one and all to come forward and become members of the Relief Society, lest the lew who were performing all the labor should also receive all the reward. She felt thankful that she had been permitted to maintain her integrity and was still numbered with tho faithful. Spoke of the necessity of working out our own salvation, if we ever expect to attain our talents it, and of the folly of wasting of this life, and in seeking after tho things thereby imperiling our sonl's salvation. The speaker then dwelt at some length on the duties of Relief Societies, said that It required much determination and wisdom to relieve the wants of tho poor in a proper manner. She thought it was the labor duty of the Society to furnish suitableshould for those who were able to work, and furnish gratuitous aid judiciously, and guard against being imposed upon. Sho spoke very forcibly and understanding upon the duties of mothers to their children, and also upon the necessity of meeting together oftenj as she thought it assisted tho sisters greatly in overcoming the trials of their life. Said the sisters who could never find time to go to meeting would certainly fail to make her home pleasant and happy. Contrasted her with the sister who takes pleasure in attending tho meetings of tho Society, and neglects none of tho duties pertaining to life hereafter. She dwelt at somo length on the subject of homo manufacture, and in tho course of her remarks requested all the ladies present who wore home-mad- e hats to rise to their feet, but was surprised at the smallness of the number; she advised the young ladies to make their hats as beautiful as possible, but by all means to let their adorning be the work of their own hands; Said it was folly for us to sustain Babylon, when we wrere able to sustain ourselves, if we would only take steps in the righ t direct ion. Said wo should bear all our trials in humility, and should by no means do . wrong because wrong is done to us, and that we should turn a deaf ear to false sympathizers and strive to overcome our evil natures. Mrs. Zina D. Young expressed her pleasure at meeting with the sisters, and of the good things to which we had already listened. She spoko of the beauties of Celestial Marriage and of the ordinance of baptism for the dead as a part of our religion. Spoke of our duties to ourselves and to each other, said if we each acted well our part every day it was all that would be required of us. Exhorted the sisters to provide suitable reading for their children, and made special mention of the Exponent and "Juvenile Instructor." She theu exhibited some home-madsilk, and exhorted specimens of the sisters to increase their diligence in its e manufacture, that they might make their apparel beautiful without any aid from Babylon. Mrs. M. A. P. Hyde, of Spring City, ex- pressed her pleasure at meeting with the sisters, and bore her testimony to the truth of what had been said. Mrs. Amelia Goldsborough, of NephI, preferred to listen rather than speak, but felt willing to respond when called upon. Mrs. Petersen and Mrs. Williams, of bore a faithful testimony to tho truth, and hoped the sisters would redouble their diligence in home manufacture. Pres. Maiben felt thankful to the visiting sisters for their kindly words of good cheer, and hoped we should all go on our way rejoicing, in consequence of the many good words that had been spoken unto us. Brother Folsom said he felt highly honored by having the privilege of meeting with tho sisters. Spoko3 Ot the goodness of God towards His people if they were only willing to receive His instructions. He hoped tho sisters would influence their husbands to renewed diligence in working on the Temple. a Mrs. Rebecca Wareham announced Eph-rai- joint meeting in the evening for the Young and Ladies' and Young Men's M. I. A., J)y heartily endorsed what had been saidthat those who had spoken, especially which relates to "Let Zion in her beauty rise." Benediction by Pres't. Maiben. R. Wabeiiam, Sec'y. home-manufactur- pS e. Wo have on hand for publicatian R. S. Mill-vill- Reports from Mink Creek, Wellsville, Hyrum, Spring, City, Ephraim, e, May-fiel- d, s also, some Correspondence, Woman : Voice, and Poems. ' -- . . 