W O M A N ' SV E X P O N E N T . 108 ' THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ? - s ' ir Editor. In Salt Lake City, U tali. one year, $2.00; One copy Mix months Terms; One copy 1.00. Ten copies fdr Ihe price of nine. Advertising rates; Each square, tea'jljnes of nonpareil space, one to time, 12.00; per month, 13.00. A liberal discount ' advertisers! ,, regiilar ConstiBoom No. OJd Office, 1, Exponent up stairs? tution Building, East Temple Sheet Business hours (rom 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. erery day except Sunday, Address all business communications to . WOMAN'S Expojtbxt, , JPublialwr 8alt Lake City, Utah. Ptbllihed Jetnl-monthl- j, ,r .,r -- - VTTS'. ' ' ' - ' ST' and heart speaks to heart, and Joy springs up spontaneously as hands are touched1 thai thrill the inmost soul, and poor, weak mortals know not why; but,wben the time of. universal love on earth shall come, then they; who, have endured will understand life's mysteries. The primal duties shine aloft, like stars. The charities that soothe, and heal, and bless, Are Isoaiiered at the feet of man, like Bowers. . The finest spiritual sense alone can .detect the true interpretation of the wonderful lessons, which God is teaching in his own way, to those who in humility and grace desire to comprehend His goodness and His love, and walk in wisdom ways. "For all her paths are pleasantness and all her ways are pea.ee." But we will come back to tangible realisms. Gifts and deeds of love and kindness that are apparent; those which make the eye sparkle with keen appreciation and warm the heart, and those whichceerjthe body and minister : to its physical needs. When the storm rages without; or the cold frost is bitingwhen old Boreas whistles his shrillest notes, when the fire crackles on the winter hearth and all is bright and cheerful within the home of plenty and good cheer, then forget not, ye favored ones, those who sit cold and desolate beside the or wander homeless, house, empty hearth-stonlees, friendless and neglected and spare not your, charities, but extend the helping hand-d- eal bountifully to 'IBejpofir of Qod mercies to you, so shall it be measured to you again in s. like measure full and running over with Osit not down in plenty while the poor are cheerless, but scatter blvstdngs while- you may, so shall your Heavenly Father it member you when the day of trial comes, ss come it must and wilt to all. "Such," say a. the Savior, "shall be mine when I make up my jewels." There is no truer pleasure than that which follows a generous and noble action. Dir heart goes out in tender pity deep and strong to the thousands of friendless women no wronged, cast out and abandoned-1-wit- h real homes, perchance no shelter, no little children whose soft hands caress them lovingly we pray in not even on this Christ's sincerity God help them, and show them the better way, and feed them with, the bread of life, and forgive them, for they are bitterly, e foully wroBged and, sinned against, and laws give them no sure protection and no redress, while their pitiless betrayers and acunscathed and fearless complices in crime-wal- k in the broad light of heaven, and some sit in high places with crowns of worldly. honor, but God reigns and will avenge tire wrongs of wo- - . men betrayed and abandoned, on the heads of those who are guilty of these foul doods. This is a sad theme and searce befits thoughts of holidays, but Christ's advent meant "peace and good will" to all. mankind, and forgiveness to the erring ones who ask the Father, believing on His name and trusting In His divine atonement, and doing the works which He did, that are a pattern for all to follow. Then,, while the Christmas days are passing, and glad hearts twine the evergreen and holly, while gifts and pledges of affection pass from hand to hand,and those who rejoice mak&merry in the song and dance and social intercourse, and joy sits, emiling on the lap of plenty, and little children romp and play and laugh, and older ones join in the sports and pass away the gladsome hours, we trust all such will ehara their comforts and their luxuries with thote whose lot is , lowlier, but who are still God's children, molded in His Image, and whose wants and , ! SALT LAKE CITY, PEC. 15,1878. T A" MERRY CHRISTMAS. The Exi'ONENr conJiallj extend3 to all its readers, friends and; patrons, young and old, in whatever nook or corner of the, broad land, on this and the other side the Atlantic, in the islands of tnesea, on the Asiatic shore, to one and all, the old-tigreeting, "A merry Christmas" and a happy one. JVe sometimes wonder what the world would be like without a holiday season. Oh, the tender recollections called forth as these days make their, annual round. They savor , pf.ijhJUdhood even iq old age; and they invariably bring their train of pleasure and of pain. "Pleasure i born of pain," the poet says, and life's lessons daily assure us all, that joy and sorrow are twin sisters. and walk band n hand. j r There certainly should be holidays, if it was only for the children's sake; they look forward with such genuine delight' and childish expectancy, and the anticipation is full t of gladness, .almost surpassing the' reality and we are not so siTre bat most older people have an intuitive relish for the simple pleasures customary on such occasions. There Is much exquisite joy and satisfaction in bestowing happldesa on those beloved, and there is truly pleasure that passeth , understanding almost, in associating with dear friends and kindred at these holiday Many tender and precious memories, which the human heart holds in Its sacred embrace, are reawakened as' friends meet and exchange their kindly greetings;1 and the songs and tales of "long ago" rush back again, until memory's page is vivid with "the light of other days." Many who have little time in the busy tide of every day life for the cultivation of those genial attributes of the soul, which are most productive .of true happiness, are thus ,awak-ene- d and brought to a sense of the affection and duty which they owe to their kindred and fiiends, and feel the keenest enjoyment in mingling, In sweet intercourse with them and living over again the scenes through which they have passed while separated from each other. There is always much that la pleasant to recount much to be grateful for, and if there are some deep griefs and heavy sorrows, there is alj sweetness and tenderness In the sympathy of those who have hearts alive to the wees of others. Iq the sacred and sweet ministrations''of charity there are various avenues opea. There are many hungry and cold and cheerless ones in this world poor, aye, yes, poor In that whleh makes the truest riches; and there are tender deeds and gentle acts, which fall like the dw of heaven upon the hungry and yearning hearts of those, who, like the modest poor in worldly goodsmake no complaint tne world may ever hear. God sometimes sends his comfort to such In ways which seem mysterious, me e, . , bless--ing- - day--an- d re-unio- ns. , man-mad- j , . needs are just asVgreat thojgh unsatisfied whose' longing for the infinite aro still the" same though the outward form be clothed in humblest apparel. HOME AFFAIRS. - The Relief Society of North Jord in (Mis. Eliza Spencer, Vrepdetit) report' to us that tbey held a meeting Nov. 3d, 1878, in which the sisters freely expressed themselves on the subject of Plural Marriage, protesting against the Crusade, endorsing the views Anti-Polyga- my and ideas of those who f poke iu the Mass Meeting in Sait take City; The Resolutions adopted in that meeting were read by the Secretary of the Society and adopted unanimously. Miss M. A. Rpckwood of this city; who has been successful in is teaching in that department of silk manufacture. She gave us a call recently with two of her pupils, Mies Tavy Pierce of Brigham City and Mies Anne Clark of American Fork. Each of the girls brought with, them specimens of their work, which wer$ very fine both in quality and color,, some just suitable for weaving, and several colors of sewing silk ready for uee. Even these small efforts are commendable, and as it is a trade, or, branch of business suitable for woman's employment, it is hoped many will take hold of it. Miss Clark Is only twelve j ears old, end she has learned rapidly. We ARE indebted to the courtesy of Bro. W. J. Silver for a specimen of the medals to be awarded as prizes by the Deseret Agricultural silk-reelin- g, and Manufacturing Society. The medal is about the size of a silver dollar, and has the symbol of industry (the upon one side with the inscription "Deseret Agricultural and Manufacturing Society, organized 1856;" on the other side is a wreath very exquisitely executed, and "Awarded to beat.'r The medals are the workmanship of Bro. Silver, an enterprising and skillful machinist. Th engraving is by Mr. John Druce. The' design and execution are both neat and approprlata. The city is donning its holiday attire, the market places are teeming with varieties of good things, in the way of fruits, vegetables' meats, fish, fowls and luxuries; and the merchants pile high and higher their stores of merchandise, arid tempt the passer by with tastefully decorated windows. Ornaments and toy of every conceivable shape and form, from the smallest trifle to the most elegant and costly article are staring atone on every side; indeed, one must walk blindfold not to be conscious this is Christmas time What a contrast to tbe Christmas of thirty years ago, when, a few hundred exiles, with their little ones, supped on scant and homely fare and thanked God who had brought them where tbey could enjoy life, liberty and freedom of conscience. Prof. Ed. Adolph respectfully announces to the ladies of Salt Lake City that he is prepared to teach them the art of Drawing, Cutting and Fittirg Dress Patterns In every style. This art is made available by scientific study for the present and future time, and is of more value, it is said, than any mada use of by Mantua Makers, and needs no preliminary study to learn it To draw a correct Dress, Basque, Polonaise, or coat Pattern, you need only paper, pencil and a common drawing rule. The printed directions explain the 'drawingj and the original sheet, which he will draw, has every line drawn and a written explanation on each line. Prof. Adolph isa member of this Church, and has recently gathered to this place. He is anxious to get pupils in his busi- ness in order that he may earn a livelihood." He has no acquaintances to interest themselves for him, being a foreigner (by birth Russian) and a total stranger here Several ' ladies in Ogden have learned the art of cutting, etc.) bee-hiv- e) , ( 