'J-- WOMAN'S while reason humanity an4 j usUce are on the other; Theraooght tpfie valioVreasbns; why that whicji is most prized by one class of human beings as the ground of their peculiar civilization and equality of .rights should be denied tb; aether class that stand in precisely the same4 retatidn! to tne : with the ' needs. ' -- samd'--; Wlf-protectl- on y . ill-us- ed , - s to-d- ay , tial voice., A social revolution is threatening the land. Ignore in this contest, the'voice of women, generally for peace, until the: hour -- desperation; and you have left ;In the problem man's ferocity alone. Women now invoke your aid to place them In that posK tidn of political and social; honor wherein4 their Influence may be mostrsuecessfully . oxercised. Especially in the department of education, now,. occupying so large a share of public' attention; do they ask you to lend your aid to that political status, whereby they shall not only become the - teachers or chlldroni but, still more Important, where they shall aid In directing and controlling thecourso pfJ education as welL They cannot possibly do this while debarred from those political rights, by the exercise of which the con ttol of . our great public school -system is elf most wanting in the 'exercise'-o- f political functions civil, legislative and judicial . I This force, you-wi- ll allow, resides domi- naritly in the mind and heart of woman leading to the activity which requires pa- tienco and" perseverance, rather than strength of muscle. The advocates for the . one-tent- h "-s- -- interests and Menrcanno greater practical activity for the common welfare than the Wives, mothers and sisters of men; and the power toenforcejspcial re- forms, which -- bycommdniconseot are is., signed to woman's sphere can only be found In the ballot. Can one see It to be just or right that a man owning a certain amount of property should have a vote in respect to that property, .whilo a woman owning the same amount, and perhaps many , times more, should have' no .vote? The women of Massachusetts pay more than of the whole tax on property in the State, and yet have no power to decide the use and distribution of a single dollar of it -- The best means for and defence is thaballot; and reason and conscience would say, if but one class can have it, it should be granted to the weaker, rath. er than to the muscularly stronger. Not the noblest and most generous of men can feel as a woman must for the mis-erof an wife, the anguish of a mother deprived of her children. Woman's sympathies in these things must be deeper and more intense than the best man can feel, and the suffrage is hers by Divine natural right to help correct this vicious Jn. difference of men, and bring tho-- power of .. legislation to the rescue of the weakest and most neglected of mankind, who are now thrown upon brute force as their champion when their personal rights are invaded, or , left to dishonorable submission. Apart from the fact thatwe want the.femlnine or mother element recognized in the functions of governmentj there is pressing upon the attention of the people a great industrial problem which .deeply concerns thousands, nay, millions of working women of the nation. In this now momentous question they deem it essential that these women should have a peaceful and poten- -e- quaiUyf-rightrdfto -- ; now and lodged with men,' whof howeverwise learned in scholastic knowledge, are deficient in a knowledge - of. the wants, capacities and needs of child as : Well as girls. England's action in this mat- - ' ii well worthy our imitation. , Y JiThe home Is the safeguard of the nation, m that force in the family which harmon. ffes, brings Into subjection the coarser and rougher passions; which warms and soltens nWo heart, drawing each member into for-- " rer-bo- ys . . a;tax-paying7ciUzen-rP(t- tholaws that ''consent of the governed, pn which;-eve- n tho Ppnstltutlqn declared. , all j ust. government rests, wbichls nqdend ho 4 the lowest creature that:crawls, happens Jo crawl In r the ahappf a iiani A, ,w;pnaan of great nature'could affordJito3 pity the men, Senators 9f the Unlte'gtates, Who that day made themselves lookso amU t Had she not been;sure :..that as a creature; of r God , she ,was greater4 than they, ehp rnigh 1 well have boed hir head in, hujnilition; andcoyered her3olf withM nan-frame- r 1 V that rnore ,thantehbousailiwmenj-$epeers, IiavepmO jtpi sue at sucH ajCburt.As. that lithe cast Committe. Jane E.' Sobers, -- Susanna M. Curby, Emma A. Rhodes, Lavlnla J. Palmer, I Clara omnIpresen:thp55 the:peti9q pf a wqnfWlthout! 'at , : once Tinane i J'S di8lvng fntosneering V It n ij .In autocratic Buss,la, 'Wicuiet to-da- a,woman.fiUsi y regent on t the Jmperl husband and ,Her fcrrsqns I(nubenght tliot battles of their; religion j and their ncWhe')ibUdyolD'm of ttie j Llfe of tHe prince C6nsbrt,, jusissued.ln' IndopV'rin'fesQreyer a Vavorjlteassertfon o( inejHai' he Queen of puppet inihe govjernmen't of her vast realm . In pouring TIghT upon th7s;eoelaMgo meht of , public Vouslness Jn England, It spws usl In 1 unerring putllu from the beginning of Kerfielgn to tiis clay, eyd :u-tt- io hglals;bjar :- ; for'Wtyf years; rsohiijlywith' attending, the mlnufe3t at (ention to; 'the routine o'tff ! ness of depaHmentsV '" -- -- w and weighing every subjecti small or great, g whici afreets in the silghtcst the of her people;'' riXet the women of the world arise and bless -- her, that she, a woin station, has ' man, years proved herselt'equal to her 'opportunl- ty. Not only, wife," mother, woman amongi the best; but "every inch' a queen. 'VI ,rv-Forty Senators presented petitlonsIgned J by thousands of j men ! and womeh, asking lor a constitutional, amendment enfranchise' ing women. .A few. read: the Ipetltibniiias k well-bein- for-fiyfl- y pro-emine-nt, . To Mrs, Hayes, Executive Mansion, Wash. ington, D. C. Lucretia Motti Sarah Pugh, Ellen Mellon, , f. r . . x and sisters who are making every laudable : effort to share, in this system of by force of their own intelligence and elevation of character. That this, administration, so earnest to establish justice and equality between the Nortfc and South, may ndt Iclose tfcithojit wise and rational consideration of practical means to speedily bringabbut th6 eqi able and highly conservative condition, wherein & true .repubilc can exist upon the T earth, fulfilling the" grand' idea struggled 7 for In the ages,and proclaimed by thefathers whom we honor, is the sincere and"earnest prayer of the undersigned. For and in behalf of the;.Cltlzen8, Suffrage Association i of Philadelphia, and of ourcountrywomentandf countrymen" who jyalueJhe rights and privileges of free gov ernment. Caroline II. Spear, mary Byrnes, V; John M. Spear, d i na-tur- al - 3thaioxmje7" ; nt, . ,theiWidoep!r en that she sbould, at least, ;be free) to giye (, nt self-government ; of a family, an; lntelllge.nt,r educatedi j - head thoughtfulbeing-7-sbould- i ask tha jtoayGi;: , goodness, they feel ,.frleir7"ma1Jani7: to ask your influence with theJwivefl, mothers, 2 ; -- self-governme- aggregate the Congress !of th$American people does not: consist of genUcmenwe have it in their tones, words, andj manner when they present a woman's petition. Judging by i these, you .must believe, tlja nothing on earth is quitrXttnDyfffiutliat:i . ask nor desire Special advantages or exceptional legislation for women.' They only claim that, standing In precisely the same relation to the state that men do, tho same powers and rights should be accorded them. It is only rational that, in a population consisting of both sexes, theunited agency of both should be more efficient than of one : sex alone. " In, all the scenes of life, circumstances are ever arising which demand a peculiar cognizance that, the sympathy and " j udg-me? of sex can only snpply.fi j The ballot, thon, being the moans of and in a direct line with enlightenment, prosperity, justice and Blodget of give-wome- 127 dcorrespcmdlngS rthoughtfulness of f others; Islthe element r nti gov-ernme- of getfumess E XPONENT . . f U ? iheywould TanyTrptheri? with I dignity, and i ljUqncgmmen..bat the Jnajorlly t eemed "iStensely conscious;.'of holding? something EXTRACTS. -- MARY"- - IN ' THE NEW CLEMMER'S ARTICLE YORK-"INDEPENDEN- ' T.' t ....3.. v. i , t i j- LMWoman,siDay!, in the Senate.il The An4 nouncement in the. journals wa made with dignity and without comment' In tho Senate the petitions were: presented without dignity, andv wltha' fey, exceptions, with comments which reflected vdeep rdiscre(Iit on those who uttered them. It is a disgrace to the United States Senate which-cannot be wiped out, that it will not receive a petition coining from thousands of honorable-wome' 1 n tho land wi thou t laughte r, rid i: cule, and sneers. No matter what the personal opinion of a "Senator may be, 'the honest petitiodof any citizen; black or .white, man or woman, is entitled by that citizen ship to hii respectful consideration.,, At least, he should bo gentleman enough and have enough, if he have ever so little for the petitioner, to present her petition with the manner and In the tone of a gentleman. If we needed any added proof to the already too evident fact that, as an -- , v c self-respe- ct x unutterably, ; funny, i il! their ; hands, r. iThey! i appeared 'to conMdcr it a iiuge JokcJ C Tho'; entire Senate preseiitedlthe appeantnep .of a I Uughing school; practicing! 8idepntt!ngJ--andlearj extended grins:-I- r. Aydleigh j , thchk ;.wilh;: and .chair Iiis leauqd;back:In laughter, after pdrtraylng t6 hisnextneighi -- borPinkn:ey.oYhyte,tof)Harylaodi the ap.i parltlon of I'Inkneys Jandlady desQe:ndlng upon ;the. polls ;likei;a:Wolf,pn Ithq-- , told, toi annihilate Pipkney'-s-. election an avenging;; landlady, oC terrible repute; ifpr :executiye i temper Tyho, it I is : declared vimpfIsonedf Einkney in h.ipwn, parlqranp: .barricaded anptherdescendant of a signer pt Jhe Der r claration Qf; Independence, HIef terpyriierj till to savp.himj fromstaaUon, 'fffodwaj; lifted to him from tne street on jjoles. The, heir oft the , inkneys leaned. bac in his" senatorial5 chair and lqnake.d iat, tblsvhlou of the coming woman, while.-W&dlel- gh - laughed and laughed3 at the mental havoc he had created. . Oglesby, ewt warrior of Illinois, spdko with such endearing gallan.: " try. or his ''dear constituents," v whom hoi " y-..,- ? ' . 