SEX P W OMAN uucnanan, in ms xxiuiviy ui ocuiwuu, gays: "He (Edward I) destroyed every history, treaty and ancient monument, whAfhor loff- hxr tht Unmans nr printed- - hv - the Scots; and carried off all the books and He teachers of learning into England. also sent to London the rude stone with which the fate of the kingdom was com monly believed to be connected; nor did ho leave any relic by which a generous mind might be roused at the remembrance of pristine greatness, or that might excite and encourage true magnanimity of soul." The following details are given as matter , of interest to tho. curious reader. . . THE REGAL CHAIR. "The chair is that in which the sovereigns of England have been crowned since the time of Edward the Second. The principal antiquity, however, connected with it is the 'fatal stone,' enclosed within the frame-worimmediately under the royal seat; much of fable is connected with this relic of antiquity. This stone is of an oblong form, but irregular, measuring 26 inches in length, 17f in breadth, 10$ in thickness; it is a sandy, granular stone seat of debris of sienite, chiefly quartz, with light and reddish colored feldspar, and also light and dark mica. History relates that it is the stone whereon the patriarch Jacob laid his head, in the plain of Liuz. it is also added that it was brought to Brigantin, in the kingdom of Gallicia. in Spain, in which place Gathol, King of the Scots, sat on it as his throne. Thence it was conveyed into Ireland by Simon Brecb, who was King of the Scots, about 700 " years before Christ; from thence into Scotland by King Fergus, about 370 years afterwards; and in the year A. D, 1 850, it was k, transierred from Dunstaffrago Castle to the Abbey Scone in the Sheriffdom of Perth, by King Kenneth, who caused it to be in this wooden chair, and a prophetic verse to be engraved, of which the following is a translation. en-clos- ed 'Should fate not fall, where'er this atone is found , The Scots shall monarchs of that realm be crowned.1 ' This is the more remarkable from its having been fulfilled in the person of King James the Sixth of Scotland and the First of England, who was grandfather of the Princess Sophia, Electress Dowager of Hanover, grandmother of King George the Second, and from the same lineage comes the amiable Queen Victoria. The chair itself is of oak, and is still firm and sound. There can be no doubt, from tho character of its construction, that it belongs to the reign of Edward First, and that it wag made for tho reception of the relic which it now encloses. highly prized Respectfully, Rural. , Philadelphia, Pa., Editor Exponemt: Aug. 8th, 1878. Two late copies of the Exponent have just come to hand, the first I have seen since leaving home in April last. Thd articles on storing grain which they contain thrilled me as I read them, and I have felt rresistibly impelled to write a few words in encouragement of tho work, and I am persuaded that the language which I can best use for this purpose will be that which w descriptive of the present actual condi-wo- n of thousands of families in this State nJi coar Gently traveled through the regions, and had in the course oi my genealogical occasion, to labors, make the acquaintance 0f many individuals in differ- ,e - A 63 ENT. ; ...... ...j:, u. ;:. heart. "Save tho grain," is the motto that the Latter-daSaints should adopt and act up-- Ii on, for i n the day of want aU the fo! thvej-ev- er had in the doctrine of new revelation modern prophets, etc., will not satisfy phy-sical hunger, if our works have hot been y according to our faith, i ; .. Your brother in the Gospel, :irL -- u n preced en ted ly hard ti mes. Tb m . W ho have money are taking the best of care of it, and confidence in . new enterprises scarcely exists.. The coal mines are now averaging, as nearly as I could learn, arid I d made special inquiries, about the wages per diem, that they received before the panic, and do not average forking more than half as many daysin a month as they y Ai one-thir- B. one-sixt- re-enact- e per day. The iron industry is suffering severely, too. Workman in foundries and rolling mills receive from eighty cents to a dollar and a half per diem very low wages for that class of work and all kinds of labor is paid for at very low rates. Where will all this end? The states I have named are only specimens of the whole Union. . Political parties are becoming, with great rapidity, more intense and bitter in their hatred of each other. Kearney, the Pacific Coast agitator, Is now in New England, making Inflammatory speeches to vast audiences of Working men, which are responded to by thunderous applause, and eopiedJn all the leadingnewtpapers of the cast What will be the end of this , political discord? ' J As a people, the Latterday Saints have been thoroughly Instructed, by the inspired servants of God, as to what the end must be. As a people we know that this Republic is doomed to suffer the wrath of an offended God, and that among his judgments will be famine, with its attendant horrors. There are prophets in Israel who have warned and forewarned us of these things. But what will it benefit us to have prophets in our midst, if wo heed not their inspired ' ' y .. warnings? If tho Saints in Zion could but appreciate the true condition" of this whole- - natihTi: one can who has traveled extensively through it from west to east, I am hure they would feel much more keenly than many of them do the urgent necessity of immediate and strenuous efforts to making for the terrible scenes that are near atprepare hand,-th- o of contemplation which, when they are pictured to the mind by the spirit of ! " ; ,: JF. Cummings, Jr. Rome, Georgia, Aug., 1878. 1 Editor Exponent: ' ..." ; There is nothing affords mo more pleasure than to know that it is a privilege of mine to mingle my name with the Saints of God, through the columns of your most enterprising and well-influence- ed . J. . did then. Thus there are thousands of families in the coal regions of this State h who are now subsisting on about the income they had before the panic! True, they made high wages then, but with rare exceptions coal miners are a very improvident class, who never lay up for a rainy day, and the late tremendous reductions in wages has entailed great suffering upon them. In many towns in Luzerne County that 1 visited, I wa3 informed that hundreds of families were, dependent wholly, or in part, on charity for food, and that often all they had to eat was bread or potatoes. Probably the worst feature of thematter is the discouraging, outlook, which, instead of promising better times loreboaes worse. Humors of threatened communistic uprisings have been rife ever since I reached the State, and it is not improbable that the scenes of the Pittsburg riots of last summer may be at any time in various portions of the State.L In the States of Iowa had Illinois, though there is less scarcity of food, business is equally as dull, work as scarce and Wages as low as further east In Central Illinois coal has been sellipg at seventyflve cents and one dollar per ton, loaded on the cars. When coal is so low miners wages must be at least proportionately so, and even those who could find work at all, in many instances, could not earn-morthan fifty cents ru nrnnhppv is pnmich in Armal "the stoutest -- ont8tatlong4n4ifeheiiMverMLrxi3 -- d paper. Our Conference came off on the 10th, 11th, and 12th. The Siints all attended that could; it was well attended in general by both Saints and Sectarians, and a good spirit prevailed. We feel to thank God or the privilege of living In this day arid age of the world, and-fo- r the privilege of hear ing the Gospel, also of receiving th'e'samei You can't realize for even one moment tho great pleasure that it is to us to have the honor of beiner numbered with the people: of :God,md:w0Tarieall tooklfizrfbr- ward to the day when we can gather out from wicked Babylon, and dwell with the Saints in Zion, where we qan render assistance to those who are striving to build, up the kingdom of God upou - the earth; wo can readily realize the" greaf work that you are all engaged in, and as soon as our Heavenly Father sees fit to. open up the way for us to gather; wlth-yo- u In ZlonTOwUH) up and alive to our duty, with a readiness of mind In helping to accomplish, the great work that is now being' established, for tho last time upon the car thj , wo foci that there is a great work enjoined upon us to do, and we will hail the day: with unspeakable' joy when we can begin our part of it U We have had some very great delusions to contend with during the absence of the Elder3 last winter; wo had one who had , turned "from tho truth to contend with, who caused considerable strife and confusion among the Saints, but we can now look back and seo the result; ho came to work against us, but to the contrary it, was for us and to his disappointment .'v-The Saints hero are all enjoying good health and are getting along very:welt T 8 f We have aSabbathSehoblin ourBrancb one. Testament class, one Catechism" class and some smaller classes. I will writo to you againl just as soon' as I hear fromtho 1 . different branches of tho ChurchV I will close by asking you to remember me In your prayers. Your sister in the Gospel of , :,: yt :V Joan Manning?; Gh4st, - ;:- Newspaper "Any person who takes a begulatioiss; paper regularly from the post-offi- ce, whether directed to his name or anothi tr a, or whether he has subscribed or not. is . for the payment. 1. ible lf person orders a paper dicon tinned, he must pay all arrearages, or ihe publishers may continue to send it until payment is made and collect amount whether the paper is taken from the office or not : the-who- le ' , iue fireside, where contentmenf and peace, pre vail, where order' reigns, where Jove is tho watchword, is indeed a haven of rest, where, tho sout drinks in ; fresh draughts of strength in its weary pilgrim-a: , Emile. - -- -- -- 