4 IELIJTE B. In, Salt iialce City, Utah. Terms: One copy one yearV i&OO; one copy el months, rabShed semi-monthl- y" srat:: Ten copies for the price of nine. jiAdTertlsing Each equare tin line of nonpareil tpace,' one ;!ri r ;'J cK ; ;'; regular adrertliserw Exponent OfUceV corner of South Temple, and First East sh eets, opposite Eagl Gate. Business hours from 10 . .m.-toSlunive7 Address all basin ess communications to Publisher WoMJtff'a, Extoxknt, Salt LaXc City, Utah., l ' IjAKE CITY, JUNE SALT 1, 1878 THE NEW VOLUME. 1 The preabnt number ushers in tho seventh volume of our little paper, and we trust that in many homes where it is familiarly known, it grows still dearer as time goes by. The' women of Utahjiave an opportunity to give through its columns to their thought?, feelings and opinions, and thus become better acquainted .with each btherV arid more truthfully represented to ; their :i contemporaries. We regret ta state .that on account of .quencles in payments wo are unable to make any change in the paper at the present time, bnt our best efforts, aud nioat earnest endeavors shall be diligently exercised to make the :Woman's ExiH)KmT moreVheJprnUmid pleas-- : log to the sisters and the public at large than ever- - Women's papers are one of the features of the progressive elements of the nineteenth cen tury, and are in a certai n sense, characteristic of the respective locality, and its predom" ek-pressi- on ; . inating influences. The Exponknj should carry with it the Influence of womau's movements, actuated by the spirit of a lelig-io- n embodying all the grandest and holiest principles that have ever been revealed from heaven. As such a messenger it should' be purifying, elevating and refining id its tendency, and exert In the homes of the people such a positive influence for good, as should make it a desirable acquisition to the home circle. BITTER EXPERIENCES. How wonderful are the effects of the various experiences of one's life. They come to all while passing through this "vale of teais.' It Is easy to say to a friend, be brave, late d thVliko, when one is sailing smoothly along with prosperous gales; and often even the words carry sucbn earnestness with them that they do have a stimulating influence for tho moment. The peculiar trials of individual life and its incidents 'call out all the special phases of character one posses3esit would peera, . thus developing energies and attribute making men and women more capablo' of sympathy and action if they wisely discriminate, and make good use of these prolific sources of a higher education. This is the peculiar dis- ne Providence provides to teach one the weakness of mortality ,1he frailty of all earthly happiness, to lead one to the; only true fountain of joy that springs from the botora cf the " ' -- cour-age,an- Father. . i -- franer i r Jesus passed through tho trials of thia rarth-J- y lifo.and gained the perfect victory. and He is ihe pattern; but in the weakness nf burnauity one sometimes cries out sorely when wounded in a tender place; when sorrows press heavily and bitter trials come, such as men and women ' . - - - " without sarcasm, or cant. ' -- ) HOME AFFAIRS. lifo's-hone- y, the-bitte- 1 who areainacquainted ihjwHligion. We rrnist not measure others by ourselves, for their teachings, their surroundings, their experien. ces may be entirely different from ours; there fore let us be charitable towards those who dp- sire to do good even though their way i not our way. There are many good things iu the National Citizen and the general tone of the -- that sometimes weary and falnt'the spirit falters, the curage slackerisi and the heart bows down with grief.' Only God knows the struggle of the poor pilgrims, wfieri thorny and the ways are roughs Ob yo whose paths are pleasant, whose hearts are whose homes are full of bright sunshine, lend a helping hand to the weary traveTeiyTielp to lift the hevy burden laid 'upon. the shoulders of another, and minister in kindly deeds to the soul bowed down Remember while you another is quaff the nectar of wormwood; and give a draining thought now and then to those who lack the blessings if which you are in full possession. How little one can know' 6f any thing until it is actually Experienced. One can never judge by.lookJnatJheexperlence of othersjbut when one has had the real actual experience, then is ibat oneprepared t.o enter into the feelings of those similarly eituated. It is easy, to jog pleasantly along when all things are propitious, and friends Joving, true and tender are ready to make any sacrifice to make life desirable, but when affliction lays its heavy hand In chastening upen you, then is, the time to 3 1.00. r by were it possible, who can doubt that heaven gives them strength to ' endure, cour' age" to go through the severe ordeal? Such strain upon heart and brain could only be "borne through faith in God. 'Then is it strange " - pass Editor. WEIMj us the most favorable impression of the wo. man; the letter :was rich in Two manly Benti-men- t, liberal in tone, being entirely free from d narrow-mindethat prejudice which often the in manifests itself correspondence of ladies sbrInkfromtand (wouldthat;the2cup4Woiild THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT., r Ferris, the son of Col. Fer-rian old friend of President D. H. Wells, is in the citv. - v sneudinew a few days; - ' the 1vounirf gentleman is enroute for San Francisco. We had the pleasure of a short call from him, through the courtesy of our young relative Junius F. Wells, who was a guest at the residence of Col. Ferris in Carthage while in the East in 1876. We trust Mr. Ferris will enjoy his visit here, as he will doubtless have a good opportunity of seeing the beauties of "our valley home." . Mrs. M. I. Horne returned last Sunday evening May 26, from a visit to Bear Lake Valley, in gooii health and spiritSi" She bad been absent seven weeks. She met with several of the Relief Societies in different places in that vi. cinlty durlhg her absence, and assisted the Bishop of Liberty in organizing a Relief Society there. The people are enj oy ing good Mb. j ViooltK ffemr!illw The Ballot Box," formerly edited by Sarah; L. Williams, Toledo, Ohio, has changed its' title and locality. It is now "The National ve " received a letter from Mrs. Gage which gave a. trtcA AecrrpR fif . OUR OPINION. Citizen and Ballot Box," edited and published by Mrs. Matilda Joslyri Gage at Syracuse, New York. The editor expresses a desire' to have the opinions of the press in regard to the merits or demerits of the paper frond' their respective standpoints.' We would prefer to waitun- til we had seen several numbers, read and mentally, digested them, before sitting in judgement on the matter. Mrs. Gage Js well known as a valiant defender of woman's cause,, an ab Ie and clever wiitcr, and public speaker. We are none of us perftct'and therefore should make due allowance for imperfections Jn oth- -, ers We wish Mrs. Gage the most complete success in her new field, of labor, and trust she will give women a fair representation through her column?. If her paper is national in its character, as the name would indicate, then it should advocate the cU3e of.the women of the" nation irrespective of sect or creed, on the broad platform .of national liberty. If Mrs. Gage is aulIlniently tnaguatiimotj(and we she is) to speak courageously in defence ,, of women from all injustice, oppression and wrong, then she should be sustained "by the best wishes, eftosts and patronage of all men aud women who de3ire to see a belter slate of eooiety, through the renovating influence brought about through woman's inaterial ' : help in public as well as private life. We once nH IhprA ia epterprise and progression apparent in temporal affairs, much practical work having been done recently. The brethren and; sisters stem growing .in spiritual strength and grace, an J manifested great interest in the organizations for spiritual development. Mrs Horne was everv where cordlallv welcomed Sv the rjeonle. and the sisters were anxious to have her counsel and advice upon matters pertaining to the growth and development of the aesociatioDP, as she is widely known as an earnest and indefatigable worker in woman's cause, from the first organization of the Relief Society in Utah. We iiaD the pleasure of attending on Wednesday, May 29th, the 'Annual Meeting of the : be--lie- - -- e , , s , - . C." -- tetthe heroism of the soul,andjtsfaih in God. Then the tempter would fain make you believe God had forsaken you, heaven disregarded your petitions, and if one can rely wholly : opon the- goodnefs of God and trust implicitly in His redeeming love, faith is triumph- an t. But how tenderly should one minister to the sorrowing. How inexpressibly dear-arihe kind words of friendship when the heart is bruised and bleeding. None but these who have drank of the wormwood and gall can ever know its bitterness, or realize so eiquis-itel- y ' I" its opposite. Junius 1 Misa E. R. Snow, Mrs. 'zin'a - D.4 Young and E. , Howard." Greatlyitoour surprise on entefiug the meeting house we found it beautifully dec the orated with articles of handhvork of the sisters of the Relief Society. "Quilts in all varieties of (patterns, carpets, rugs, tijies, laces, flowers, and. ladles'- mitts, glovef, vail, etc , of' silk raised arid manufactured there; some of the productions are very nice indeed. The house was well filletl, everything combined to make the meetings interesting and profitable. Much credit is due the Fred-deand Counselors of the R. S With their home-manhfjictu- re, , . ? nt . ... . .. . t!(h SO ,Lo.nmuiee, in? managing mo awu much taste and abili ty. In the evening there was a joint meeting of the Y. M. M. I. Ai ad atY. L. M. I, A, Both meetings ero well tended, Bishop Tanner and other local author ties were present, and many' other brethren wl3i ' and a good spirit and feeling prevailed. E. R. Snow and Mrs.. Zina D. Young & tneir ' much good advice and related somo" of Nearly experiences jn the Church, and their "with the prophet Joseph,; w;cW were calculated to inspire faith and heroism o theminds of the young sisters and women i 