SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, JULY 15, 1878, Vol. 7. For Ihe Exi-onew- t MIDSUMMEIt. 'Tii midsummer time and the n bay, Lies fresh in the meadows over tho war, The breath of the cowslips and clover bloom, " With the Bummer-ha- y yield a sweet perfumer And it wafts us back to the days, And memory's music around ua plays; And we e'en forget, we are growing old, As the past with Its joyous scenes unfold. There's the girls and the boys as they us'd to be Chatting and sporting in their youthful glee, The meadows resound with the merry shout, Of their voices, so clearly ringing out In laughter, and song as they rake the hay, la the sunshine bright, on a July day; And the broad fields are of their beauty shorn, And off to the barns the bay-loaare borne. Ifow many summers, are over and gone, How many dear ones, and bright hopes have flown; How oft the flowers have blossom'd and died, Since in midsummer time a happy bride Left her home and friends, and was borne away, Just when tho meadows were teeming with hay; Tho roses and daisies their bloom had shed, But Juniper berries were ripe and red. And tho humming-bird- 's nest swung in the breeze, From the verdant boughs of tho Juniper trees; And the happy lovers gazed on the nest And thought of the home they'd make in the West; As perfect and charming the home-ne- st should be As the tiny thing swinging there from the tree; AlasI for the bird, the nest, and the mate, Left alone, to suffer a crueT fafe. new-mow- bj-fo- ne ds And when midsummer ev'ry year returns, The bird for its mate instinctively yearns; But the Juniper tree, and the open door, Are standing there now, as they did of yore, And the sutstine floods In amber, and gold, The forests and meadows, jun as of old; But we look In vain for a simple token Of the lovers vows, that there wero spoken. S. I City, Em ILK. July 13, 1378. principle of our religion and noVlIow ourselves to speak lightly of anything that God has revealed, for in so doing wo grieve the Spiritof God and it will be withdrawn from us, then we will bo left to crrone our way In s H bi nd iog--t he-k power of Satan by unitinir ourselves tosreth er, and overcoming all things that are not pleasing: in the stent of God. My youner sisters let us appreciate the priviliges we Ihe-dar- 1 have, and thank God that our spirits have been reserved to come forth in this day.and dispensation, when tho gospel has been brought in its fulness never more to bo tak en from the earth; and that we have been made, recipients of the same. When we look around and see our brothers and sisters relatives and friends that have not been favored of God as we have, it makes our hearts ache, and wish that we could do something to bring them to a knowledge of the truth, but Gods ways are notour ways, and with him all things are possible. How earnest, we should be in living our religion, and putting away everything that will retard our progress, in this great work. Girls let our aim be riobio and our thoughts pure, and our thoughts be drawn out to God at all times, that ho will keep us from dangers seen :6r unseen, "aridthat may have strength to resist the Tempter's power, for it is strong if we are not guarded against it; we cannot depend on our own strength for it Is frail, 4let him that stand, eth take heed lest Ho fall. This shows us that we must put our dependence in God, that we can do nothing without his aid and assistance, but how often wo forget this and take the praise to ourselves Let us resolve each day of our lives to live nearer to the Lord, and if we fail try again; and never weary in that our lives may bo such, that we may ba worthy of tho w--o well-doin- ADDRESS TO Y. L. M. I. A. We are now called a Mutual Improvement Association; this name should bo car ried out in our daily walk and conversation and we should show by bur works what we profess to be. Let us spend our timo in usefulness, in something that will refine and elevate, so that we may be "bright and shining lights in the church and kingdom of God, and that our names bo held in honorable remembrance formay to come. Let us tae care of thegenerations minates and the hours.will take caro of how many minutes we let themselves; but pass by unlm proved, not thinking that we will some day have to give an account of hat we lose, are to work lor atf eternal placed Inheritance and then return to God from whence we came and dwell with Him throughout endless eternl. ties. My young sisters is not this enough to spur us up to our duties and inspire us to improve the .talents God has given us? Can wo assist to build up Zion by sittimr down and folding our hands? No, we must arouse ourselves and on put of faith" for without It we can do nothing we can do more towards, rolling-othan we realize, we can assist in this building herrS m n MostFgfa Sfln good at limcs aQd are placed over us with our fa thw prayers; we can uphold every t0 ihf Wh we can also U8f ftU n-- name g, Saints. Miss Josephine Meyer. 11th Ward, S. L. City, June 17, 1877. Latter-da- y itch7WdWMreWrl " m n rlr. Wft m n f itn t Vi a uuwu) rjut tiieav- en itself would be no heaven with her In our midst; .she is unworthy of a place amongst us. How I despise, how I loathe herir how: disgusting sho seems- - to me! . Wllrt fa Kta Vlvinrlfnl ft w . . her namo that wo may avoid name is, Madame Scandal. : Emily 13. - her? Her Spencer. NOTES AND NEYV8. Mp.3. Fanny Fairchiid Bryant,! wife of the great poet, was born in 1797, and died in 18G8. She was described by her husband "An humble disciple of Christ, exemplary in every relation of life, affection, ate, sympathetic, and cincere; and ever oc -cupiedjthj welfare of otber&tt t ,,. X Miss Emily Piatt, niece of President Hayes, was recently married at tho White House toGen. IRussell Hasting formerly.. Lieut. Col. of the President's old regiment The -- wedding was strictly private the bride and Mrs.' Hayes being far too sens!, ble to sanction the foolish display so much ivnuviiA aouuuuuio iiie on similar oc- - yE.rec61 ved. several numbers now man's published in Londoner It is in Kevlew," parxiphlei ancontain. fifty, pages of solid reading matter. It is devoted to woman'sadvanc ment. ana contains teiJe?le on euSraSc; lis Influence uiu; occupying offices, medical women, women as lawyers, school superintendents and. professors; of various k nds, their capabUitiSiaDd. needs itgives ono good ideas of progressive 'work. FrannA in nnrl nil -- Italy.' , t: una, aominifiiia in tru IFor the F.XPONE5T. --M- IT? WHO IS Sho brings dlscoriht citlestownand iamiiies; uproots the very foundation of society, destroys confidence, arid brings a blight instead ol a blessing. Let us drive uum uur ujiusi,jor ner toucn isllke ; iwget Kingdoms - . i xeviews or noted books,rrT , etc x Who shall y;thatthb ageof4ho prophets is over, when Barbanera, the Appen. nine astrologer, foretold tho eaths of Vic. tor' Emmanuel : and tho ropo f and when the still more famous and ancient prophecv aoout Constantinople;; is The latterdates frornVthebeing Sf thI 15th century, and run3 thus:fiddle "r'"i - One approached me with5 a smile upon her lips, and with the air of , a friend. Sho opened her mouth; and her speech betrayed her. Her tongue was like a barbed arrow, dipped In venom. No 'one, was safe, none escaped. From the characters of tho high, est dignitaries of tho land td-tlowliest ; he member of society, each: wero alike blackened by her- - misrepresentations. ''Sh6 had her admirers, who zealously repeated what ever dropped from her Hps, although many knew not the trouble they were making by .listening to her words. She appeared the gayest of the gay,? while- mischief accompanied her, and troublo- followed her foot- steps. She appeared a friend, "and proved ' an enemy. If shd was allowed to fipeak. or found ai listener, sho turned' and to tho next ono she met'shoUold some fault that she had discovered In" her former hearer. If one had a weaknes-Iwa discerned and brought to light;' if sho found nothing-- : to condemn, she readily invented some dreadful story, calculated to produce harm.-S- ho deems none friends,-buall renemies. . - .. - t - the"recy ! x " " The Bear shall not preralL 1 " ' But, lol in twice ten : years Let Ialam know and fear,-affain; ; ; WSLXt lbe Credent f11 waue, s! Tho feChalf;pf course, fulfilled in the Crimean Wnr tho Cock (Callus Gaur I Bull against tho Bussian Tt S - ... - Ia twice two hundred years the Cross The Crescent shall assails . ' 'x Dut if the Cock and Bull unite ' -- S61 C . ' n L to? "twice ten years" after, the that the insurrection broke vina,t which was the beginning of wh?t ' 