Vol. LINES, JOHN NICI10LS0N, PREVIOUS TO HIS DEPARTURE ON A MISSION TO EUROPE. ADDRESSED TO ELDER r by miss Eliza snow. ing the principles of truth- .- ttiiRtucu - iu 'catu uiuer, anir no young girl everhad a wiser or nioretTuii clous guardian thafi wasi this maidenfJaunft: to me. My father-ma- de up? his i mlti&W come West but circum propitious; and -cbatige he1 resident u t ; ;i remain at ThefeIs little occasldtt to rd weilldgpoii-th- After having made this preface to my short narrative, I will Introduce myself to the readers of the Exponent, by . telling them, I .was born in the firsj, year, of tho 19 th century, (and ss myself as being proud of my Yankee origin) in one of the quaintest and most primitive little villages , near the seashore, opposite tLong Island, in the State of .Conneqticuhj ten miles, only from the beautiful c4ty of New. Haven. Tho family from which I was descended, ranked as one of the oldest in the country. I was the eldest child, and; grew up in an atmosphere, of love and tenderness,. I received all the advantages rof;ed ueation, such as young ladies usually; enjoyed at that time, and was taught dancing among other things, which, in the religious, world in that day, was not considered orthodox. My parents were "notembers of and they wished me; to enjoy life, and though! dancing added grace and easiness ta one's manner. rf : . My father. had no. sympathy with 'any of the; prfests. of the, day, although, ho was hones V moral and, upright-iall his - acts. In looking back over tho long. vista of years' which have intervened aincdj ihat time, theie is nothing connected? with my childhood and early girlhood.upon which I dwell with more satisfaction than the companionship of. my, father. My mother was of a aeucate, nervous temperament, and with household duties and younger, children to occupy herr. she allowed me. to choose my own society, and I clung more closely to my father. Shortly lafter-becatoo oCage a; new era of my life opened and thd whole current of my fortune changed, i I was aepa-rate-d fom my, parents, and; through a com pacauon oi cucumstauces which followed, was debarred, from ever seeing: my. mother 1 m6thern6tfjirjfl? the-homestead- ; incidents' and had come out Wbst to eefc ls5 fori1 tune." He had thrift arid energy. a&f&e" accumulated propertyl-faehis companions and associatesrndeed; he became proverbial as being lucky in all his He .had been itrading at undertakings. Green Bay, bumgjrura and'jsklnsjfrom the Indians ..and MppersV'for rtiie'fiastem mar-ko- t, -- r ; h, State-- Let haughty tyrants The worldly wise and worldly great, The day of God Is near. He'll bind the powers of wickedness He'll make the oppressor cease He,ll crown the world with righteousness, With Knowledge, Tiuth and Peace, hear-- ; cnonrs. In his travels to it . The poem published above was at the residence of Elder C,.J. Thomas,sung where a few of the retotivosafa.d friends of Elder John Nicholson' had: met In recognition of their affection and respect- for as he ntends leaving homo siiorJly onhim, admission td !iH a"? - Europe. There present "immediate all his own parents, family? John Barton and family, Mfss'ER. Br and officers of. the Relief 'Society a?! lther Partcular friends complete surprIse7or BrTNichol son. ings were conjenialand wa were , really a The Thomav marriagwas .looked upon, by, and :rIends, according jo Jthe Yankee phrase, as hjghly proper-an: 7fyea Uecidedlyespectable,;: MWnttTb.4efe d 'amngeSI eon-y?pat'o- as 7AJS the faith and n. Kubt absence'' f and especially thoseprayers-'owhe kno "him intl; , ; :. r , , : enchantment.' , , ' l:rmY - qU women lis, hejngj or i a Icinea.wiU be.furnished. gratlsL s The phys-- v icians who. hare;, offered i their? services td j thiaJnstUuUonr are TlbdrUati and Lehmtts doctors; of medecine .Theso ' ladies have studied at Zurici. ;Theton3ni-tation- a will be glvon twicea fwcek.-Ex- ;?. We havk ;?pon 'pur Hsf iithe--Miss- es i - : ganizedin Berlin,iiiissia, to; furnishfree i medical advice Jbr poori sickomenJMedx: : ; 0ibe cpnUnued?): iABSOcr&'Vxm : self-reliant-,, v: ; i Bcnani t1; papersnewttp nspubllshed Vivbmen; and 1 f'The Physiologist;" bvKara g, accompaniment on the' 6rean; ' son .expressed himself In a ' fow AvdrSnf then rat down to aboontlfal repasl whVch'-ha; been previously time was spent in 'agreeable and Soclil the The sentiment W Miss; Snow in the chorus wil ' the ; Our. store, , A maiden taunt of mine, ,very . independ-- . ent and, concluded . to go to Ohio and maka a. home. , It was then a new country, comparatively, and to under takov so long a journey, was almost as remarkable! then as to go .round: thoi world;.would: be i now. i She en treated my parents to' 'allow mo Jo go witli, her, and after: mdeh inter-cedinand.many promises they at last consented, realizing that fiheiwould bo faithful ; in her office as .guardian.and protector, and knew.her to be competent to act for herself and her niece, andlas she hadproperty at her own dIsposiU,Xelt ;I, would, bo iwejlr off and should jgain now oxperienceiand; see something bf.tho world. rV,; i'niit , .The journey was pleasant, ; the scenery upon the particularly was a rich feast to me; who had H ever way been far.from home: New Haven and the seashore were to my inind beautiful indeed,; but over traveling this wonderful country was tike the land of '.. " aPProyal,,WQ,twere.;rparrIed of reasonable length, as in without the qyer paying courtior p. certain t length. of. time Yet ours; was4: strictly, a - Z i?' again. i YbrkVhe-- ' a courtship . . iftnU-lfro- passed through :the ouutiy, wbere , SOCIAL GATHERING. .exchangingihmjfor.gSrSuitlQ for the Jrants dr;the' . r: suMequeHttHris wh6iftrwafdsJecarn:ius-ban- d. Suffice It to' say helwt&a unmanV - . jany-churc- "Hvhlch -- pired previous to my ' becoming1 acWaintdd with-on- e ; i ; 1 ,; e ' The nations' pulses you must feel: Mark well their swift decay; And timely warn the pure In heart, To rise and come away, Your heart Inspired with heav'nly zeal Salvation's power to spread; You'll move the mighty Cauie and bless The living and the dead. of ' oiuvoiwjr ... must-confe- CHORUS. e tMlk new-hom- e ; arm-Prote- th'-affair- Y" -- , Tell those who wield ijll j. Erie; the country wa' iieVfiiid'nwfii'dii'''-added to its picfuresquenidsi, and-I- 1 was and surroundings. happy in- - my My beloved aunt wasa true abd.affeetiori at friend to -- in and had1 great influence' over me In molding my character and i!e- -. ; ' CONTINUED. cnoRtrs. ; Remember Brother, everywhere In duty's path you tread, We'll pour, by constant faith and prayer, Our blessings on your head. When far from these dear mountain vales, Where Ivarm,' fond hearts you Jeave, While time and distance, silently Their twofold web shall weave, cted Supported by Jehovah's his power by He'll bear you off o'er every barm. And fild the darkest hour. : "'"'.!' eiopinginystrbngesta , i '.;' Wo settled a few miIe'4Dlarid A LEAF FROM AN AUTOBIOGRAPHY. The dosing acene la near: There's much to do, then Brother go, Although we need you here. On Europe's shore a broader field Of work you're called to fill: We know the voice of Ood, and yield Submission to his will. . CHonus. 178. mateFy. We say rGod bless Elder Nicholson and keep him In His holy care, that he may accomplish great good in disseminat- The stream of time is ebbing1 low "' ;DTiffiUQ15r SALT LAKE CITY, 7. 4 syotewtfjespeclaliV ' lifo.and heiltb;;efc. ;;iThe:Beacon:'of, Pro! grerss,;edld; by mry E.llagarc Irii second Tojame;?, ;it of;:.8er,,;uniTersai .vancem tics, I etc,n o(H or, eiiaiity;: tt? MMwomana a&; tiflrfcg,;- - 6. affair and'Juit;manner evidently is;;r. Tho afraid of;Mormori ' writings, as we ;rioi Ico 'she1 ' has reprinted one bf ;oar;edUorial5;;for;whlh ' fjvorwe f . arislncero thank;wb;:beileve;if;isU : the:best poUcy' to help each1 oil? er; and 'tfiat in mutual help there is much strength Vu' ' i 1 