WOMM'S-EJF- pj nmLEXLNE B WULSt - Editor. to Salt Lake City, Utah. Term: One copy one year, 12.00; one copy six months, 1,00. Tea copies for the price of nine. Adrertlalng rates: . Each squaro, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, $3.00; per month, $3.00.; JL liberal discount to ; j regular advertisers... Exponent Offlce, Room No. 1, np stairs, Old Constitution Building, East Temple SUeet. Business hours from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. erery day except Sunday. Address all business communications to Publisher Womak's Expowknt, Salt Lake City, Utah. - Pabllfihed Beml-month- lj, SALT LAKE CITY, SEP. 15, 1878, PEACE AND GOOD WILL. In good old New England where bur early years were spent, in the home, in Sunday School and in Church we were, taught that the Gospel of Christ meant peace and gocd-wilthat it inculcated great charity, that it taught its followers to love their neighbors as themselves, in fact that to "Do to others as ye would they should do unto you" was the max-iensuring the highest, Christian attainment. Can it be that New England people have apostatized from the simple faith that was so strenously enjoined upon us in childhood? So it would seem if we can credit what we read in the columns of a Christian paper. They .would inflict upon.an industrious, .thrifty, enterprising people the most severe chatisement by refusing them the right of representation to citizenship, to the protection which America through her constitution guarantees to all her children. "The Watchman" says "In Utah women vote. We shall say nothing here atstractr propriety: of giving the ballot to women.". We judge from this that 'The Watchman" does not believe that woman has any right to the ballot. There are men and women we are conscious, in dear old Massachusetts who will never hold their peace until the franchise is extended to woman, and notwithstanding the strength and power of the clergy and others who oppose : suffrage for women,, yet they cannot prevent its coming. "The Watchman"- - says "In other parts of our country there is a general conviction that until women of culture and intelligence become sufficiently interested in political affairs to go to the polls, it would be dangerous to extend to boUwlexes.,l., "The Watchman" .the. must know that there are many hundreds 6 women in the Old Bay State and other States and Territories cultivated and intelligent who are quite sufficiently interested to go to and vote and all they lack is the privilege of being allowed to me the ballot. And further "It would certainly not be wrong for Congress to repeal the law giving woman Unfranchise, and require conformity to the almost universal custom of our nation." Wise counselor, liberal and Chiistian-llkto wrest the ballot from the hands of a few heroic women, who driven from their homes, friends and associations have braved the perils of the wilderness enduring the hardships, tolls and privations consequent upon a pioneer life. These women , many of them from Puritan fathers and mothers and by every sacred right entitled to protection, yet compelled to go beyond the borders of civ ilization, taking their live in their hand) as it were, laying down by. the way their, loved ones oneafter another; still enduring suffering and fatigue, feeling only that God was, their , l, m con-ernTng- the the-pol-ls e self-tam-e de-scend- , Now after years of struggling and poverty, prosperity in a measure has dawned upon them, and blessings multiplied and even the franchise extended to them, almost, it would seem, as a gift from God, forsooth these good, pious people, who preach peace and good will to all mankind, are afraid to let these women vote it increases the power of the Mormons; these women can be disfranchised, that will be no injustice. Further, "Congress, in the exercise of its right to govern the Territowhether ries, should disfranchise those voters, men or women, who are living in polygamous We do not know that it marriage. would be proper to disfranchise the offspring of all unlawful wives; yet even this might be done, if necessary in order to defeat the political views of those who promote the great barbarism."! How can this great Republic disfranchise her sons, who are by birth entitled to citizenship, aDd who have infringed upon no law? When "The Watchman" talks at random after this fashion, it is time it looked up the law and studied the Constitution. That Is something Congress is powerless to do. "The Watchman" should stick to religion, peace and of givgood will, and spare itself the trouble to disfranchising advice to Congress in regard who mind ing an honesty industrious people, their own business and do not believe in medWho build "up the coundling; who till the soil, try, who maintain just laws and good institutions, who do not encourage vice, or pauperism, or vagrancy, who believe in being who maintain their integrity to Gcd . and their fellow mem. Further, "The Watchman" says, "Gentile women, as a rule, do not care to exercise the privilege of voting, while the Mormon women are urged and almost forced to exercise it." This Is, indeed, too much. Mormon women esteem the ballot a sacred right, and are anxious to 'exercise it, there is no occasion to urge or force them, forUhey have as much at stake as their husbands have their lives are inseparably connected, and we would as much expect to see the wife urging the husband to go to the polls, or the daughter the father, as the oppofriend. EXPONENT. THE WOMAN'S NT. ed self-supportin- site. Mormon women know something of the term liberty, for they have felt the iron rod of oppression in being driven out without shelter to perish, as thousands did, and they will ingraft into the minds and hearts of their children the love of libtrty and freedom, aDd teach their Bona to rejpectthe claims of the injured and the cries of the oppressed, and their daughters that they are entitled to all the rights and American women, and privileges of free-bo-rn that reither Congress nor Christian ministers have any right to defraud them of their inalienable birthright We can forgive the "Watchman" for all its absurdities, knowing as we do that God rules, and that although "man proposes God disposes," therefore we say watch and wait and you will &ee the salvation of Gcd, in the deliverance of His people. And as for women everywhere, "Watchmarff what of the morning?'! Do you not tee the in the asmorning star of woman's drslii-cendant? Why the whole civilized world is becoming enlightened with its beams. In America, lighting tip the dark places, are some of its brightest rajs becoming visible. There are some wise men who recognize the star, and who even say "peace and good will" to woman, and take her by the hand and welcome her to their circle, and would fain assign to her all that nature gave her Intelligence and capacity to do, would lift her up to their level in education, and in science, and tnj there is room for us both, let us walk tide by side. Bui in spite of all, "the blind who will notsee," the light will dawn and they who recognize its importance and participate in its eflulgence will be b!essed and benefitted thereby. Men and women will be capable of greater good when they are lifted to a higher standard, which they never can attain while they are unjust to each other, and narrow and elfih in their views of life and its aims and possibilities. Surely there is room for all, in this great country, and protection for all under its gloria ous Constitutson. THE STORING OF GRAIN. The great prevalence of disaster of various kinds w blch tend to famine with- - its most terrible consequences, should be an incentive to the sisters who are interested In the storing of grain and other products for a day to come, to press forward and be active and earnest in the noble enterprise. The women of Utah should consider i t a privilege to have the opportunity of assisting in a great public benevolence of this character. Woman's sympathies are all enlisted in the cries of the needy, woman's heaitgoes out in sweet charity to the little faces tell the story children, whose of want, then let women who have been blett above all women jpn 'We face of the earth, with light and intelligence from abovef, use their faculties for good and wise purposes. The counsel given the sisters to undertake this seemingly arduous work was given by one his earthly Jabora who is now resting-'from.- , they should prove their devotion to him, their respect for his words by heeding the advice he gave, and fill the storehouses in the difJVicnt sections of the country with the products of the soil, such as will prtserve man and beast in times of famine. This year the Lard has given to His people abundant harvests, they should not be unmindful of His goodness and favor but prove their gratitude by storing up n portion to bletsand comfort the poor in the day of neeJ. The Presidents of Relief Societies in city and country should take active measures in regard to this matter and when the wheat is get their reports ready t forward to the Central Grain Committee that they may be prepared to make a full and correct statement of all the grain In the Territory, or in possession of the sisters of the Relief Societies at the Annual Grain Meeting which will be held in. this city Saturday. Nov. 16th, 1878. We exhave pect to hear jMlLsome white Jbeans also been store d; it has often beeu remarked wouM through thee columns that white bean even keep longer and require Jess care than the wheat. woe-bego- ne . gar-nere- d, .min. HOME AFFAIRS. The slaters should remember that the Quarterly Conference of the Relkf Society of Salt Lake Stake will be held in the Fourteenth Ward Assembly Rooms Saturday Sept. 21. There will be two tesioniy 2 o'clock commencing at 10 o'clock a. m., and various p.m. Presidents and officers of the branches of Relief Society in Salt Lake to all Interested in the work are solicited reattend. Secretaries should ssfid In tbeir meeports previous to the time of holding the properting that the Secretary may review and to iw ly arrange them. Report may be sent now-aroffice, directed to the Secretary, Mrs. E. and this arrangement will be perhaps most practicable. As there is gome necessary Quarterly Meeting: Co-an- d d, 