W'O U TtfUBSDAYTiORtoo,' Aug. 8, we started, la company with Mrs. M. I. Horti, President of Stake Relief Socle'y, Mrs. E. S. Taylor, her C(rariselor;nd Mrs! &:MrKimbaPresi-de- nt of Fifteenth Ward ORelift Society, on a visit to North Jordariand Union Belief Societies. We arrived at North Jordan about eight o'clock, where we were' greeted by the President of the Society; Mrs. ; Eliza S. Spencer, Weami other sisters, and were most warmly ' At .10 lcomed and hospitably entertained o'clock: we repairedtatheNewIee.tiiigHouse a very substantial brick building; which has been built very recently and speaks well for the energy bMhe people of that district. ; After the opening exercises and a few. in trod UC' tory, remarks by the President, Mrs. Spencer, MnuHorne was the first speaker; she spoke eloquently and earnestly; her subjects were woman's position at the present day at the side of her husband, and referred to the proph- v ecies of Malachi concerning the work of the latter days. She said that the Prophet Joseph Smith, when he organized the Relief Society in Nauvoo,recom mended to them to do business and conduct their meetings according to parliamentary rules. Said she. believed the Lord had accepted the sacrifices of His daughters. She exhorted the. sisters to seek knowledge from the best books, as the Prophet Joseph had advised, and cultivate their spiritual faculties; told the sisters tb lead the Book of Isaiah, where the Lord calls upon the women of Zion. She exhorted mothers tb discipline their children In obedience, honesty, and truthfulness. Advised the storing of grain and the raising of white beans. Said the Gentiles were watching the fulfilment of prophecy; for already they had expressed themselves as believing that, when Lord Beacomfield (Disraeli) presided at the recent Congress at Berlin, the prophecy of Zacbariah was fulfilled, that "ten men shall take hold, out of all languages of the nations, even shall take hold of the skirt of him that Is a Jew," &c. Mrs. Home also spoke upon the growing evil of intemperance. We were next called upon to address the meeting, which we did briefly, dwelling mostly upon the education and cultivation of the young people, the observance of good order, courtesy and politeness in the home life, and other practical matters which tend to lay the foundation for improvement. Spoke upon intemperance, and thai men and women should be mutually helpful, and work harmoniously together, otherwise they could not' be successful. Mrs. E. S. TayloY raid she realized that more real good bad been accomplUhfd through the organization of the sisters than could have been done in any other way. She spoke upon drunkenness and rowdyism; aid the Saints of God ought 'to be a temperate and economical people. ,, She said every mother's heart is interested in the training of children; she felt that the great cause of recklessness and want of spiritual activity among the children was not for lack of instruction se much, as because the principles of the Gospel had not been correctly carried out in the lives of the parents. the young sisters to use their influenceUrged with the young men in the work of temperance' to let them know they would not countenance any evil practises, or associate with any who were given to them? lold the girls vbi to be Into the idea of reform after marr'aee ' for that it could hot be trusted.' , Biihop Bennibn.made a few remarks pressing won d have doneW1 good. 'Saidubje6U that he was sure great improvements could be made, if the pe0. . de-ceiv- . bsftct ed iN'S XP O t. N'B 45 pie liwd up to their duties,' He spoke 'pf the...', hard wark the brethren. bad. to do there to get water on their land, and even nftt-r- they had built the. canalVaud dug the'il Itches be WMte'rv was n o t sufficient ; bu t there had bee n almost a j miracle accomplished this year in the raising of good crop of wheat, without watering and without fencing. After very excellent remarks from the. President, Mrs. Spencer,: meeting', closed with singing and prayer.- At 2 o'clock the Young Ladies' Meeting was held in.the..mme.p.lace,..The first speaker was Mrs. S. M. Kimball. She commenced by saying, " What course can we pursue in life that will produce the best resulte?" She felt we had no right to nbuse our bodies by overwork, and cramp our spirits,' for we woiild thus dwarf our minds. She said, we owe duties to society, to each other, to the world at ' large, and we could gain much byretfecting upon the subjects brought up In speaking and praying. Thought the class of reading suitable for young; mothers was the laws of life and health. Mrs. Kimball said intelligent men are needed to carry on the work of. the last dispensation, and such men need intelligent wives, those to whom they can speak their best thoughts.' She alluded to the International Woman's Congress in Paris, and said it was a proof that the world wa9 awakened to the true condition of women. She said. much could be done by both men and women to lighten the burdens of each other; we ate in duty boun-- t do good. She exhorted the young people to honor grey hairs,' said "They'll be laid away by and by to make ' I room for you." Mrs. Presclnda Kimball said the day had come when we must seek to be the children of Zion were naturally Intelligent and talented, they should Improve their opportunities. She said, " Young ladies, honor Celestial Marriage, sustain your husbands In its practise. Children, obey, your parent and walk in the path that leads to eternal live; there are many mansions In the kingdom of God, let us please God and work righteousness.-Instrucyour, little ones, sisters, make your homes pleasant, and let your children see your lives correspond with your teachings.'; Mrs. Pixton said, In all her trials she had found the truth of the Savior's words, "as thy day so tby strength shall be.'' Some of the sisters had better opportunities than others had. Spoke of the rearing of children, the choosing make of a companion for life, aid girls it a subject of prayer. Also spoke strongly against night excursions. 'J Mrs. Home made some brief remarks, taid we "need not partake of evil because it was around us, we want to. be punand-virtuou"Life is real and, earnest;" we have great privileges. She spoke of the class of reading which should be encouraged; said we have books and newspapers of home production; we shonld also become informed on the topics of the day;, Br. Harker spoke to the mothers, and referred them to the: Book of Mormon-an- d the 2,000 children among: the Lamanites, who feared the Lord and worked righteousness because of their mothers' faithfulness-1 and - prayeri; ' ho said we cannot retrace the past, but we 'cab be. careful in the. 'future; letthe parents do as they promise their children, and hive better : , ; self-sustainin- t , . . s -- The Bishop made some appropriate remarks and the meeting closed in the nual msnher. V Fi iday tnorniugV iAigiist 0, at ' 10 o'clock We attended the "Meeting of the Re S? lief Society at Union; L. Co. This was formeily included in South Cottonwood, bq Is now divide J. .Mrs. El Veth,ftichanifl President, Mrs. Ann Qilflltlis, and ncy Brady Mrs. M. A, Smart, Secretary! ; Mrs. Cou neelor meeting opened with tinging n4 prayer, minalso utes of tbepreviouB the annual report, which was a good pnQnn dally. The isistera':" lltK&jciiWtobLV talnly been generous, i eontri PJPXfA dent Home spoke upon- thfl tyP$P by the sisters, urged; .upon Jhepi..tb f Ptjjpf taking out naturalization; pape;nreerxed 'to. the bjefsings bestowed nupeniyailobil once; desert larjd. Said we have ibeenrrslumberingi and sleeping, but weo must awake and seek to - save our children!) Iteferred to 4hiboy8snmel being told by the arngel greatHIgh Priestv ofttod to? tell Xiy tb be' cut off; htsTBOfis-shoa- ld because he bad not restrained themcin Ubelr :. . T wickedness - '1 vr;- - 3 We were mkxt invited to peak referred tb woman's position iaowind fne essityoff.educaltloh' tedticii young, bnt more csiaiyJheplfl '- - ( lfl&Btt without which altbthiji ducbf less tolis as a: people topics on which the sistera sfjoaldljiforhr selves; me andoj white beaiis and referred, (he sisUrs'a, tliejCrr the, subject. Writteri ty sgesUorifj) President Brigham Ypang indrblhedOcLi ti'cle ori 15, .1876.. liisu tUoH 'tuih ',irjianiris7 Mrs, S. M;,JimballiidtsL bjeirr said for woman shes wanted: trvpcate4bti offo cause of the br"etbren bul remarks referred tothereojos wby;tbe.W0inctrT of the world had takeq it f : ibftae upon-themflelvca- io represent their own cause; and .said she'iwaj very forcibly reminded today of ondidf-- their; meetings, when, after they bad 8 pdk'iri strongly , of the wrongs women nad man arose the sex; botthelwometf to him to cried out keep his seat, they hadbeert' listening to men for all thesebuiedtreaJs, now they would spealc1 fof 'tbemsei Ve.u .ilrl iv. mau maoy.oiner pigruqem rernarKS.3 Mre. Presctnda the fulness of all dlspenitlonXhere" wai ninch f -- 'suflered,-etc.'irfOmt"- - to-defen- -- d to p !e b u II t, t he dea.d,ami'nistered(, JotVkiifl yiQ, must qualjfy ourseJves Tori this wprfc for. ftbe. wife stands by the husband jn. allbe w.fif.tQ; be done; , women had now. great opportunities etc" ; luLil JZ: ') i Mrs. Pia ton spoke upon gleaning, bii(1 otheji brdoiieprici -- -- subjects.;.:,-,.- ; ,t ' w. ;:l .vv.llo i..:,:: 'jiti Bishop Ishm.ael JPbUHp9 Jbep; made ;PWftr moat. excellent remarks, upon :Uj e womanqg esr tion-Hea- id be copstderpd it one, of IgjttLttoij tb: questions of ihe day. ; Ho alluded ta .whit bid lioan airkfnrt1fatmr1 Itt thia tocont. ,ft'nvVlHrAfr, S. L. Co.; he felt. tliese things we're iue&litei that there was' C power i bhlhdi these 'movti ments, and' they Wro'-A1 etT pt-oKeofoe'gf- spoked Boh ihe gathetlng of the 'Jews,' llie slhlfJcin e? tbe futuref-e'aTso- work-for-th- e1 ! : -- t4h'isl'S'hP nfirr movements RatL' TTfa'urufi was fen ttnA full rT.'i ibf moved and seppn ed b" rpsici ht atid 5ftl' cefs orlbe ipetiDg'lhatih v?tei ?l f tbanka ftr ,bls, rIwarmr TOC,tipnTct, womana cause, wlilcbvWfeartUy, ,respondeat . t Pirat-'Aiida- l to servo lilm in tho next world. . 