WOMAN'S EXPONENT. - j 40, .1878. St. George, .. Editor Exponent: : -- I believe the Relief Societies of St. George remiss" in representing have been rather themselves in your valuable paper. Tho oM organization was dissolved and a Branch" Society organized in each ward since the reorganization of the Stake. I submit' a few items in regard to ; the condition of the ; Society of the First,Ward, to show that wo are alive to our duties. We were or&an- izedion heri28d :of :May; ast, by 7 President"" J. D. T. McCalister and Bishop Miles P. Roinney; the following named sisters were XJTAii.-3Iarcl- , - to lay outa flower-gard- - and plant flower roots, seeds, etc., to beautify the grounds,... where w ,hope at, some.fat u reu day, by: the blessing of God, to build a Halt for the uso of the Sdciefy. A number of tho members, with Bro. Jar vis and some of the boys of the Ward, responded chwerfrilly to tho call, and all worked with a will (trio officers -setting - a worthy oxample), until ; they ac- desired.- - 1 pray that complished wtiat-w- as our labors may prove successful. ? : : A Member, R. S. , Hannah l Rorahey, President. .y Sarah A. Church, Coun3Alorg Hannah M. Wiltbank, J Hannah G. Perkins, Secretary. , Franklin Oneida . t" - quite a number arp deterred from attending, some on accountPof having small children, others from advanced age, sickness, etc, though X. think we have tho benefit of Jheir faith and prayers, and, those, who do attend are .very faithful in their labors, responding willingly to the calls of our President, who is a very energetic woman and one whom; all: love and respect ; An excellent spirit prevails, and wo are greatly blessed and prospered. We have one of those inyaluaWg jntUled i'The Women of Mormondomfrom which our ; but . - this masterpiece of -- heartrending Jtrials, Of our sisters, ; therein recorded, wake a responsive chord, and call forth the holiest, sympathies of the hearts of the mothers and daughters of Zion, and sets before them 'bright and il- So- Editor Exponent: Gur Relief Society has been reorganized: This is a verysraali':piacc, but we aro both f willing an anxious to do all4 the good wo can.. Gur President is Mrs; Margaret -- X Reese, Counselors,' Mrs. Jano Edmunds and Mrs.:. Jemima Dans, '. Miss Miggio Reese, Secretary, -- Mrs. ;Eliza Reesei Treasurer. We had a young ladies society hero for some limp which resulted in good. Our meetings were interesting, but as there aro now but three young girls unmarried, we have joined with the Relief Society that we may be useful, :aud move forward Ifledishrsecuors grace of their vile, The sisters desired tChave - to stem the current a social picnic" .Year's day, and accordingly they, with their husband a. and brothers (eomp'ris ing nearly the whole of the Ward,) mqt at the school house, which, had been beauti-- . fully decorated for the occasion, and after partaking of a rich repasfr spent the ifest of the afternoon and vening in danclpg songs, andrrecitati6DSj-i- t wai ifiuc-- S cess; and Mall went merry as a marriage bell.' Presidents MeCallister participated with us' in the enjoyments of the day. Our Bishop assisied; the officers' of the Society in doing the honors of the occasion, which Were pCrformed in a 'x WinnKi'kt. iAiauuci jLiim is very poor grain country, but we have succeeded- - in storing a little raoreJhan1t wo .hundred Ibs of wPitf which is ai bat smalUbeglnningwe hope to add to it the season. coming Bishop Romney; and' Counselors manifest a lively interest in our welfare, and in assisting us to take some preparatory steps toward carrying out the counsel given relative to the silk.culture. d They have us very efficient, aid ; in purchasing of a lot, situated a short distance est of the Temple Block,-whicBrb..Geb. Jarvis kindly offered to take care of this aeat glaringly to the front and town j in my humble opinionX think that through iradition or some other cause, - the trouble hai been because woman - Has been too, y ieidlngr and it fWillt take all the ability of what is termed tho 'Mstr6ng-mi0(- 1 r ed women" to assist. .Jhe weaker and teach them to act with fmorelind , d ! t characterj-a'hFbelleeJi- -- Miss Ir , Gn October 30th, we were' blessed with j resiect.:v' r '.r a, ingreai bn pf opiK)rtunitiesrrgiventhem in: the Associations. We likewise have a Y. M. M. I. A. nere, and those- - who attend as a natural great the season Exposi fiohaf Paris there will bo an Interna- the coming tional Congress of all women who are inter-- ' ; ested in the advancement-o- f the sex. Prob- ably thisL Congress will be one Of great significance, as there will be women of marked ability and note from .all' parts of-t- he . enlightened world. On Thursday, March,, 7th, -- Kingr Humbert opened the Italian Parliament in per-iso- n by a speech from the throne; He said: I1 We shall consolidate and render fruitful, 'fhe great wori6i Italian unity, to which Its glorious fduncl er devoted, his life!!". In reference to the Holy ee he said ; Popo jr Pius IX, afterovetning" tho - church for thirty-two years, lias ; descended to.the tomb, regretted and venerated The riies - of electing" his successor have been perform ed in perfect ireetfoman.yithout.disturUi ihg the tranquility of 4he state, the peace of consciousness, or the Indepencfchce of, the, ministers of religioma By maintaining our , 4 r f . : uix Elizabetil Fox, President R. S. ; institutions, and ''ieconcill.ng,rjg8pjegLfore' ligion withla determined defence of Stato 'laws, and the principles of civilizationwe We are confidenpthat in oiir hands Italy will not fall from lier, exalted position." consequence, improve in public speaking, ' and in the knowledge of the Gospel; Success to your valuable little paper, I for one would feel Very lonesome withgut I am your Sister in the Gospel. ; c J NOTES AND NEWS. v' daughters it Maggie Reese, Secretary. -- dies JIutualT Improvjemiiiiciatibn; which is in good working order ; and will result aount:; z , , t-i tislt from 'Sisters Zlna'D. Young ?and E Davis, we had a splendid meeting at which Mrs. Z."D. HToung rbrganized a urig Lai "Very-rfiflW.iK- ren-dere- " of woman to bring about a, great reform in v this and-Eyrin- ; comesjio f large city ery -- . orimelthat in-ev- ' in an organized capacity. During men are opposed to women coming forward to claim them either as sufifragists, or to try Co.," March 10, 1878. Wales, Sanpete d, Wt the present time there is a, great deal said about VVoman's Rights and how some and to the: condemnation and everlasting shdm'e and ttis- - ' Seeretary.- - e' times that is among our sisters in Utah who are trying to build up the kingdom of noble and heroic women, one-four- th Idaho, ; lustrious examples,' worthy bf imitation. Their records will assuredly stand forth to unborn generations, as an imperishable monument of glory to the memory of those Wells,-Assista- nt Fforia A. Russell,Treasurert We meet together once in two weeks, and our meetings aro well attendedj we number twenty.nine members, but expect our number will continuo to increase Wo bushels of grain j have' stored thirty-ninwo havo a lot and expect to fence it' this coming, summer, and then we shall set out mulberry trees.; Wo aro striving to become united in doing all the good wo can towards building up Ziori.; With best wishes for the prosperity of the ExroNENT, your sisX. X. Wklt Sec'y. ter, Ac, -- literature, as it recommends itself Jo all who peruse it. But the bitter persecutions, . Wells, Secretary. - Martha A; counsel of our late beloved President wo bushels of wheat, but havo laid up forty-fiv- e the grasshoppers destroying almost all our crops last fall, wo could: not add to" it as muchas wo;;Woiildlike,,J)Ut Jhrprigh this., blessings of' God we hope to do better an. o theTy ear. We,' )i kewisb ylsti to th r 6 w ihT our mite towards .buildingb the Temple at " Logan, Aor which vr'e have 'started' a Five- to be paid once a month thinking it would6 give all the poor a chance to ' contribute to that laudable undertaking in Which we are all so" deeply interested. T"We remember the poor and administer to their necessities as occasion requires.-.-;--- '' For quite a few years kfter this place was settled it belonged to Utahj but of lato years the surveyors have drawn tho dividing lino and have left us out in the cold; and a "neverpretty cold corner it is sometimes, i the catch to theless we try inspirit of the cent-Fun- Jks on New X. - - a Sarah A. Boas,' ciety is in good condition, we, have commenced to putjupa frame building for society purposes, 18x26 feet, which we arc! in hopes of completing this coming spring or summer if no ,unforsecn' events transpire to have it otherwise. In accordance with tho to fill the vacancy. Romney appointed : We have enrolled, as members, 73 names, : " March 14, 1878. I write to inform you that our Relief M. the Co., . The Relief Society. was at' this place Bec.G, 1877, under the direction of Bishop G." ArMurdock! Ve had an ex- - r cellent meeting, and much good insf rue- - r tion. was given. Tho election of officers 'was'as folio Wsr 3Iary J. Davis, President. Lucinda E. Murdock, ) Counselor3-Lydi' v Editor Exponent: Mary Jarvis, Assiatantf Secretary. ' " Susan Y. Milne, Treasurer Since that time Sister; Perkins has resigned, on account of ill health; and Annio , ; 1878. J' Editor Exponent: - sustained as .officers. Secretary xeao!s rat make no comments on Josepii, Sevier, Co., March 13, seasonjlie has already set oujffifteetr hun- - -dred mulbery, cuttings, and we expect soon -to plant some of the trees and f seed also; ;, some cotten seed. 'Yesterday President II. II. Romney en r;aJ)ee pMho sistersj It. S. REPORT. ,x 167 The definition- - of bankruptcy by Mr. Commissioner Kerr,r is reported ak a state of things where a man owes a lot of money, and an accountant and a lawyer divide his cstate3 between them." - - -- . 