WO'M A 8i THE N'S"B1P.O all who are truly charitable in tone and penti-mewith tbo Idea of its Joftiries and sublim- 'S EXPONENT. ' Pa Wilted oe : Exponent Office, Boon No. l;.np s tairt, OH Constitution Building, East Temple fiticet.; Business ljonrt from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.ererj dty except Sunday -Address all baslnes communications to r , - . 7 '"the ; Salt jJake City, Utah. j SALT LAKE CITY, NOV. -- 1, 1878. CHARITY OF MORMON WOMEN. , Charity la M wayi'jlluaitrated by the figure of a woman, and mankind have silently classed this attribute as a .omanly characteristic, and called U the 8ister 6j,alt)ijihd Hope; and In later years, women who spend a great portion of their tifme in performing deeds, of. kindn ess and: benevolence, are designated f as Sisters of Charity. So closely associated Is charity with the life , of the fair sex, that it is considered a positive iuislte of truewo t The world talk great deal of . charity, and make a great ado About Its loveliness, its excel lence, Its charm, but though it sits admirably on others, many persons are, apt ta admire the mantle as an ideal beauty, who never really don the garb; or cultivate the element in themselves. It sounds weil,: it isa pretty sentiment, one likes, above all things, to realize It as a part of the elements of that society with which one mingles, but how hard it is to cherish it as a part and portion of one's individual everyday life. ' ' HOME AFFAIRS. By large-hearte- open-hande- labors. means pupils may receive competent instruction in vocal and instrumental music much cheaper than the usual terms. Dr. Ferguson Is a lady of superior culture, and has had the advantages of training in musical institutions in Euro'pe. She has the happy faculty of bringing her pupils forward rapidly, and certainly deserves patronage. She is also a teacher of languages, elocution, dramatic reading, and, indeed, is qualified to give instruction in all the higher branches of education. " On Thursday, Oct. 24th, through courtesy of Hon. George Q. Cannon, we had the pleasure of attending the Indian Commission party in ra railroad trip to the Old Telegraph Smelting,' 'Concentrating and Leaching Works, n . little beyond the Junction of the Bingham r Cafion Railroad. - ' -- to-da-y, was-establishe- of good works. d, It is a mission which impresses There was a sufficient number to, make the party apleasant one, and as most of the gentlemen Vand ladles were unacquainted with the process of smelting, concentrating and leaching and as4 Prof. Holden was reacjy to elucidate and explain, as also Mrs. Holden, who seemed cjuite intelligent on the subject, going through the esablUhment was made; specially interesting.- - The party, consisted of; Senator Saunders of Nebraska; Senator McCreery pf Kentucky, .General Hooker of Mississippi, and Dr. luatt. and Mr. Caldwell of Minnesota, of the joint Indian Commission, With! several gentlemen from Camp Douglas, Col. Trotter, Lieut Patterion and other; from the iclty Mayor Little, wife- - and daughters, Prof. L. E. Holden and 'wife, Prof iT. B. Lewi and" Wife, Bishop Sharp and daughter, the reporters for the "Deseret 5Ce waV and "Salt Lake Herald," and several 'otheVybung people, Who ith the gtilal flow of wit arid humor, made the conversation lively and the time rped swiury as aiso ine irain. iYouw,XdIes! Mutual; improvement Association of the.EIeventh Ward celebrated -- . - Dr. Ellen B. Ferguson intend establishing a musical conservatoire on the Europen style. By this d d . Utah Cons ervator y of Mrjiic. . large-hearte- that Sisters E. R. and rejoicing in their the enjoyment of health, ' ' d, we learn f Snow and E. Davis, who are making a tour through some of the northern settlements, were at Echo City on the 27th of October, in s There is a charity that ennobles and enriches the lives of both men and women, for ' certainly if women have tbls attribute largely developed .they will impart the true germ to both on a and, daughters; this is the inevitable law of nature; but every germ wants nourishment and proper cultivation, and the attributes possessed or inherited resemble in many respects the order of nature's vegetable fcingdem. The exquisite germs received as a precious heritage, placed in healthy soil and. carefully tended, grow ,ancL flourish, and by and by blossom and ripen, producing desirable fruits or results, but left in barren soil without cultivation, are ttintcd, and wither away.' Then there is a custom or theory of cultivation, for all plants and" all principles, which, when J adapted, promote fuller, richer growth than to pursue all sorts of ways. Mormon women are anxious to ascertain and pursue the highest and best methods in every department ipf Ife and labor, and also In their charities. They have a pystem of charity thai surpasses any other in its fitness and adapta- tloa, to, the circumstances of the people. We allude to the institution called) Relief Society; but winning not only to provide resources for the present needs of the. poor, the aged, the in- . firm- and sick, but also to extend a still wider field of benevolence; and enlarge the scope of woman's labor beyond the and prepare for emergencies ia the coming future, Mormon women have adopted a system of in: the storing of grain; which public charity 7 forms the stall of life' It Is now over twq years since th tt peculiar and from all parts enterprise of the Territory reports reaches of the enjoyment th lister have in, fulfilling this mission letter 1 Ji-Th- . their Seventh Anniversary Friday, Oct. 18 in the Ward Meeting House; Mrs. Mary A. Freeze presiding. There were preseut as visitors M. Cannon' and several brethren of the T ward, Mwr M. T. Horne, President of Relief Societtesof Qalt Lake Co., and her Counselor? Mr?.' E. S. Taylor, and M. Hey wood, Mrs! Phebe Woodruff and Mrs. S. M. Kimball. After singing and prayer, Ass't Secretary Miss. Alice Freeze read the minutes of the Ja?t meeting, and Treasurer Mrs. Louie Felt read the Financial Report for the past year, which was a very creditable one, there having been donated by the Society $193,00, which had been disbursed to the Temple, to the storing 0f grain, and to charitable purposee. Next fo!.. lowed an e'ay by Mrs. E. R. Shipp, M. D. Pres. Cannon spoke eloquently on the of Mutual Improvement. Associates and their objec; also upon the necessity of sustaining home industries. Mrs. Home made some excellent remarks, and was followed by the other lady visitors, all of whom gave good instructions. Counselor E. R. Shlpp, m behalf of the Association, presented to the President, Mrs. Freeze, an elegant hair wreaih, nicely framed; the wreath being composed entirely of the hair of the members, accompanied by a poem written hy Mrs. Shipp and dedicated to Mrs. Freeze, who responded in a few .words, it being wholly a surprise to her. The meeting adjourned for one year; and the company sat down to; a choice repast which had been arranged by. tlie y oung ladies. A good spirit pervaded. the assembly, and h felt that the time had been well spent. In company with Bisters Zina Dahd Martha B. Young, we recently made a toiir through som,e' of the settlements in Utah1 Coubty, ia the interest of thr Relief Spcietles and Young LAdies .'Mutual Improvement AssociatioLs. We left this, city on Wednesday morning, Oct. ' 16, .audr was, absent four days; visited Lehi, American Fork, Spanish Fork, Goshen, Pleasant Grove, and attended nine meetings. The Bishops and brethren in the various Jo alities came out to the sisters' meetings, manifesting the greatest interest in their labor?. Under the direction of the Bishops and Relief Sureties eight Primary Asiocictions were orgauized. Much general instruction was given in regard to woman's Work iu connection with these Societies,' all of which was sanctioned by the Bishops; the good results of the sifters' labors are everywhere becoming apparent. At Spanish Fork we found the meeting house decorated with a great variety of need Je and ornamental work of various kinds, designs and patterns in honor of tueir Annuil Meeting-Wwere all Wth surprised anu, delighted to see that so much had been done by the Society. The report was excellent At Gosben we met with n timilar surprise, the house being verj y beautifully decorated, as though:, it had. been for a festival instead of a meeting; indeed, lhe Pres-Angu- s privilege you to store of want? have, up grain against a m.oatn it earnest If you do, prove by your and efforts benr? the Lord, has energetic ndwyw given such a bounteous , harvest. The second Annual Medting of the several committees for storing grain wilbev held in this city, Nov. 16. and we hope previous to' tbat time to receive accurate reports from all parts of the Territory stating the amount of grain on hand, and the manner In which it iseecured.. We invite all who are interested in this grand enterprise to attend the meeting and hear the reports concerning thiir department of woman's work. Due notice of the- - time-an- d place of -holding It willbe given through the "Deseret News." )ne of the most active workers in woman's cause in the East, an editor of a paper devoted to the interests and advancement of women, say3, f'I'm much Interested in the industries and labors of Mormon women,.arid especially the storing of grain, and intend giving place soon to, an article on the subject.' - ? ; .. nt Sisters, do you realize In $dlt LkkeClty, Utah, yearlltty fcfi'e copy its raeath, ' Ten copies toihe price 6i nine Adverting raiei rach siaT tai lines of 'nonpareil ipaee, one tlme,3XJf x- month, 13,00" A liberal discount to , ' ity. ErfMEI.I PTE 'itT WCtU,' Terms: ' One copy N BN T. a - eetah-lishin- g e f effect to hfl InAnfrlnir. It Wasal3lne Annual Meettog of the Relief Society o. Goshen. There were vis iters from several other and fettlementij Spanish; Fork; Bantaquiflf Spring Lake, among whom were Bishop Hail; day of Santaquln, and MreE. . StlcbDey,, President of Santaquln R8 f Mrs. M. President of Spanish Fork. Thtir reporte was also very CTedltable. ' In the evening met with the Yli.JMJL Al,V large number v of young men also being preseut; after evenini had been' spent In ipeaking nd other religious exercises, Mrs Christina Hlggiofe0n read a poem she harf composed for tne occasion,Q as a welcome to the sisters who bad come ' visit them. : Fergu-son- ? : : " ." " . 