WO M A N? S E X P 0,N 142 "healtliTand life,andComfort of the people and the building up of Zioji. And let .us go to, and establish tbe Zlon of God upon tbe; earth, that we may be prepared' to enjoy At which I most earnestly pray for every day, in . the name of Jesus. Amen. Tnd slsterlyloallTr A TBUE LADY. enoftfmpns fhafc thtk wnrM f trnmnnrirwvl .has ever seen have presented the plainest, and most unprepossessing appearance. A woman's worth is to be estimated by the real goodness of her heart, the greatness of her soul, and; the purity and sweetness of her character; and a woman with a, kindly mind and disposition and a is be her face temper lovely and attractive; everso plain, and her figure ever so homely, ' she makes the best of wives and the truest flfrmothers living than the beautiful yet vain, and su- .well-balanc- ed streets, or to gratify her' inordinate vanity by extracting flat tery and praise, from a society whoso compliments are as hollow as they are insincere. I considera "true lady :: must be genteel In her manner, at the same time courteous and obliging, and remember that frnn rtnlltonoaa fwnaiuto In 4m.i(!nn Ak ers just as you wisK to bo treated yourself. Those who always act upon this principle, will prove pleasant companions, will always, have pleasing and agreeable ways; nature is always graceful, while affectation with all thft art fiho mav fimnlnv. rn v x J 1 fan no vo? Jiiv should be ever present to the mind of the young lady, it is the duty of every woman lo cultivate those Attracti ve, graces so beau. " . ""'.."DAjjUu vo vuarui lo UI1. less they strive to awaken all the energies of the mind, and put them to their proper usejVtin this way a lady mav do a va.t amount of good, which will ronder greater attractions than any personal charm, and transmlt,to her name greater Tiohor than if she Inherited her tens of thousands yearly. 4.u guuer oi weaun ana iasmon are as but a flare of light that attracts the eve as 1.1 ir nnssns nv. v mm fhn inHt,nnt, hearted woman will extend far beyond her earthly life, living In the hearts of those who were conscious of her good works.: : : will treat them with great politeness, what, ever, the existing circumstances may bo she will make them welcome. How cheerit is to a travaler wearv and Ur fmm -ing 1VUI m uwj;uamjf mo houso of a friend. vmti The true lady will ex. tend kindness to her fumiiv nr her influenco will effect moat beneficially In giving tone to tho - home, and the dar- ling little ones will partake of it- - her pleas. . a ngufc mat is set a table that upon giveth light to all that are in the room. The many great and noble qualities that belong to a true lady who is a firm bellover In the Gospel, and also In the good results therefrom are too numerous to mention. When I behold a lady these principles so nolle to me,possessing she looks ...v V D. F. XXx; ' 1878. anTcary shopsTNBa which ner of her mouth, by the way was nor boro the "least sot particularly- small, resemblance to the traditional Cupid's bow was a small, black, oblong patch, placed "lesslt was Ttacall attention THE COKTEMFTUOUS SNEER' . that perpetually sat upon her lips, as if she were mentally contrasting her own enviable position, wealth and- faultless toilet with that of tho vulgar herd" who surrounded ., her.; not was she And yet happy. One could see. that in every uneasy movement of her restless eyes, in the irritable shrugging 0f her velvet covered shoulders;. in the frown that made her sallow face still more unattractive. What was" needed to add to her contentment? The idols that she PEN PICTURES. .While passing along down the stream of -- N T. more like an angel" thanmortal. when I was in the temple,: I looked and wondered if the angels looked even more charming : than those ladies Who officiate "there they are so genteel, so courteous and kind in their manner and appearance, so motherly Beaver, Jan. 28, time and going through mixed multitudes of people among the latter-da- y saints as well as the rest- - of the human- - family we are shocked many times at, the appearance of some ladles (so considered) who stand In responsible places; wo stop and reflect and ask ourselves the question, what does it take to constitute a true lady? Beauty and stylo are not " the surest passports to respectability. I "think, some of the noblest B - BY DORA DARMOORE. ' NO. 9; ' MADAME . KUT-A-- D - I: r A81IE. the opera I saw her. Tho first was act of "Don Giovanni", nearly through When she came sweeping' in, with that obsequious usher (who is always so polite to It was at wor-shipp- were at her service. The, silken dress heavily embossed with velvet, the massive chain with its locket; tha gleaming diamonds in her ears, on her breast and fingers; the costly furs; these were her idols, at whoso shrine she daily and hourly worshipped, and they were all hers. Where, then is i well dressed people who" have reserved seats, and so curt to those unfortunates who bave none) clearing the way before her to and her equally her place in the dress-circlhusband bringing up tho rear obsequious bouand bearing her ladyship's opera-cloaquet, fan and lorgnette. In reaching her seat she of course has to of peoplo who pass before several scores ' have come to the opera to hear the music, and whom gem-studde- d e, k, TIIE SECRET OF HER DISCONTENT 1 It is this: she has only the external era " Kut-a-Qash- T embodied in fine houses, costly equipages, elegant, furniture, and magnificent toilets, whose splendor: shall throw every assemblage which she enters into a fever ef excitement, astonishment and envy. As she o ' ?.. . Tis not -a- 6nq who treads aloue Some banquet-ha- ll deserted," and was evidently disgusted to find that there were others in the immediate vicinity. At last she reached her seat, which was in the most conspicuous portion of the house, and with the air of a hen settling herself upon her first nest-fuof eggs -- her and ruffling feathers, spreading her wings over as much space as possible did Madame spread her draperies about her, apparently quite unconscious ol s the hundred that were instantly leveled at her, mostly, I am constrained to confess, in the hands of ladies anxious to see What she wore. With the greatest nonchalance she proceeded to draw Kut-a-dash- ll es mothers cf the race," I pray that their tribe may "grow smaller by degrees and beautifully Jess," until not one specimen is left as a libel on true womanhood. Mission Mirror. Kut-a-das- he opera-glasse- WOMAN'S VOICE. on Clifton, HER JEWELED HANDS Editor Exponent: It m - Kut-a-dasho- the-requir- ed in-produ- cing; lways-successful amount of the latter article, it iollows that she is olten unhappy. Thero are, I am sorry to say, many Madame in the world, and their pernicious example has a grievous influence on tho minds and hearts of numbers of the "coming women." For the sake of the peace and contentment, as well as the truth, modesty, and good sense of these, "future 1 the delicate lavender kids which her obedient husband at a nod handed her. This office is . usually performed in the dressing-roobefore entering the opera, but sho doubtless reasoned that in that case the public would lose the opportunity of beholding the beauty of her bracelets, which could be displayed to great advantage while her husband was engaged In buttoning the gloves over the white wrists. As a faithful delineator I must state that Madame beauty lies In Jier wardrobe. Her fac is pale entirely and herT eyes sunken from the effects of late hours, d Issi pation, rich viands and fashionable ' dressing. Iler hair js red, and was, of course, arranged in the latest and, to such a face as hers, most unbecoming style. On tho topmost point of the pyramid of hair was perched an affair of velvet and flowers, which Madame Be Fuss, tho millinpr. calls a bonnet, but which much more resembles tho mortars for compounding drugs irj -- blems of happiness. Of the only true contentment that makes a Jifein tho humble cottage, with garments of the plai n est ma. terial, peaceful and happy, she was utterly Ignorant Her only idea of happiness is MADAME causedto lose oneH SIgnorinaJETiiteyoJce,s most charming "arias," and .' numberless bright eyes shot forth sparks of indignation as their owners' handsome toilettes were ruthlessly trodden upon while Madame and her. escorts crowded past, quite oblivious ot tho trouble and annoyance she was causing. Indeed, she had all : the airs ot ed Feb. 5, - 1878. : with a feeling of thankfulness to God for the blessings and privileges we enjoy I write, feeling I must give expression, through your valuable paper, to the sentiments of my heart. I realize my inability to write my thoughts properly, except by the Spirit of God, I do feel thankful for the good instruction the Exponent contains, and grateful to God for the Intelligent women in our midst, who are; not afraid to stand up for woman's rights, and speak in her def enseal .feeOnterested woman having all therrights that belong Why should she not have tho privito lege expand the Intelligence that God has given her, In something: more than; household duties and dress? Why should sho not have the privilege of voting for the officers that govern her, as well as her son3 and husband? I feel to say God bleS3 the noble women who are laboring for the rights of woman! Why did God givb her iutel lect equal to man's, if sho must not use it i3 - . 's to-he- : : r. 