186 -- B. fc. ... ' BEPOBT& ' state financially. We haver stock in -t-- .- ft ;4 Store and Provo, Factory,three city lots -- Virgin City, Kane t We cannot raise here,but still we wish to store up all we can for Zion-Th- e slsjers are now busily engaged in ranking quilts, and as a general thing feel well, and try to assist in all good worksi such as donating means for the building of Temples and also helping to feed and clothe those who work on them. The health of the peo pie of our little settlement is good, with the exception of a few who have bad colds We are having aTieavy ' rain storm, tho first for a long time. j i ui ; i men In their respective districts. She gave much good advice to the President of the Association inregara to tne wnuenco tnai -- 1C1K Sarah upon them, said tnat tnose who lived nearest to the Lord were the happiest under all circumstances. Exhorted the young ladies to honor the principle of Celestial Marriage. Mr8..Horne dwelt quite .earnestly upon the principle of order, and the necessity of inculcating it in the habits of our children at an early ago; thought that example was before precept with the young and regretted that man v mother naid fin. littln head to their own es; Vmade upon econpmyand, the management "of .home; said ithat children ; should ,be . s said many , otheioodT things. V Counselors Agnes Campbell, Jane Van Tassell, Ellen Hill, Missi Amy, Adams, Mrs. M. G. Chase, .President of the Belief Society,- and Mrs. jMargaret Steel her Counselor, all made re marks calculated to benefit and stimulate the young ladies in their efforts to improve. Some business in the Interest of the As- 80ciation. was transacted previous to ad journment The good spirit seemed to rest upon all present ; ? .it: ; EditobExponent: v i ; the-colum- ns " rine Foreman were appointed a committee to attend to that business. We have been assisted' all through our labors and exer. tions by r thes wi3e counsel of . President Hatch. The bfllcer8 at present iare as Mrs. M. Muir, . President, ..Mrs. ;A. Murdock and Mrs. Jane Hatch, Counselors, Mrs! Ellen Lee, Secretary, and Mrs. Louisa Johnson, Treasurer. . ' f Yours '.' tih u very Bespcctfully, I baVing been represented through of your much esteemed paper, for some time, we herewith send a report of our progress. At our last monthly meeting ' we were favored with a visit ' from a num-- : ber of slaters tfrom American J'ork, who spoke interestingly, on experience"gained In this church,' and bore faithful testimony of the'dlvinlty of the Latter-da- y work; the was' God of with us, and we Spirit present were mutually benefitted. v ."6 th, 1878, Jan.: Our Annual Beport ending ' ' reprenscnted the Society in a' prosperous - ve : iv " several others. Wo have erected and finished a commodious building one and a half ' StQries high for meetings and general business of 'the society; cost', estimated at from five to six hundred dollars. We. have presented the branch of the Church of Heber City with a Silver Service tor Sacramental purposes, which cost- eighty dollars; and ' paid to the Deseret Silk Association, sixteen dollars and twenty cents;also have one share in the Store, of. ten dol- one share in the Tannery, twenty, dol- ; iarsj larsjand donated ten dollars to the Salt Lake ity Temple. We are now earnestly considering the necessity lot., laying up grain ; Mrs. Ann i Murdock and Mrs. Cath- - 24tbV 1878. ; in the Gospel, nd -- i Aur H. Adams, Secretary. ::,'1?iJBiisAGR6VE, Apr The Belief Society of Heber City was organized June 7, 1869, Mrs. Margaret Muir was elected President, Mrs. Ann Mrs. Mary Mc'Mullin. Counselors, Mr&' Ann Harvey, Secretary and Mrs. Amelia Gallagher, Treasurer.:' The Society numbers ' ninety-nin- e members, land has Co-operati- . fol--lows- ; Lee. Bockport, May 4tb, Editor Exponent: v 1878. . :L Our little Society was organized Septem. tcr 20, 1873 Lwith twenty members,by BIsh. ' -- - Akn Bryant, President. Sarah Staker, Fairfield, Utah Co., April Editor Exponent. . - Secretary. 16, 1878. l , -- We the Young Ladles' M. L A., have long wished to have a few lines in your little paper to show;, our sisters and friends ' that we have a welfare 'in Zion. Having .been reorganized we" will' let you know 'what; we; are doing.- Our; society is very mallur, former presldentand a; numberus other Fisters having moved away, leaves ."but few in number, although wo feel deler- mined; to be united arid do all in bur power ' ,td forward the great and 'mighty work in these Latteriays. We n'ava begun storing 'grain and feel it a duty tHat' all the Saints should take interest in: We have; had a great deal of the opposite spirit to contend .With, although by adhering to good conn-.' sel,1 also having faltti and unity; we are feel greatly enconrag- tj gaining ground, and ' ed, and know that there is fericouragement for all who seek faithfully for the paths that V; pur Savior trod.' We meet every Tuesday, and hold a'cbrijoint meeting bnce a month. l,' Our prayers are Xervent for all who seek . r ; t s v. terUightebushess.' We1 'take the : Exp- onent which! is' a7 welcome' friend, and wish , .It success.' " ; vYour sisters In' the Gfdspel,1;", - -- Ellen ; i ' ; - - i - Mur-docka- 1st, Teachers reported our members feeAfter the usual exercises the ling well. sisters spoke to one another, exhorting to good words and works. .Wei are trying to do the best we can and wish to be one with other branches of the Belief Society in ' Zion. 7 .' i; ." ;T Ever praying for the 'welfare of the Daughters of Zion, we remain your sisters 1878. almost entirely for Jfpported three persons 7anuraberr:of years, besides giving aid to . rf : : . some.-xcellenie-mark- thirty bushels. : Wcheld our yearly meeting April Co, Apr. 78. , i 10 50 7 25 . , A. Workman Heber City, Wasatch Editor Exponent: 80 77. Total 17 75 This last 8dm was obtained by making articles and selling them. The Society raised twenty-tw- o bushels of wheat on a piece of Jand belonging to Bish. op Edwin Bryant. After furnishing seed last year we had on hand bought and donated, eight bushels, making on hand in bin, much-Whea- : 3 qq nn 3 "00 2 00 and sundries.................... Cash... do- ccs. 9 7q Have now in Treasury in quilts In our Belief Society the sisters are ing the best they can under the circumstan. 1 77 80 23 80 23 30 $ Total Co., Feb. 15, 1878. Editor Exponent: i .;".-- ..1113 . that many would. 7;M(ss Snow remarked that in many, instances Jibe young ladle who had stepped .forward "in the organizations for improvement bad' exerted a pow- - - ' 2fonr" , tlme;.v..v..;.... ...... Indian Clothing.... .;..U1.J;.;...;;.' Wheat for storing........,.....,.,.,, .Centenn ia 1 Fla sr,... .Silk Worms... ...... ...,......m,.7.y Lumber for wheat binV,.... ; .'. Counselofs 1( .Allco M Malln, Sarah Staker, Secretary Charlotte Marchent, Treasurer. There Tlias been donated' to our Society Disbursed to pobr;...i......y......... Salt Lake TempIe..I..77... 4 " " ,; E1 izabethJernon, slnciB Tthat ' ; lue euujec( was mexuausumo uuu iuui required the aid of the Spirit of Gcd continually In : disciplining and molding the uaugniera m zaon lor zuiure useiuinesa in me cnurcn ana Kingdom ox uou. Airs, iu. I. Home thought many of the sisters did tint reallza and fullv aDnreelate the bless- - : ; otherwise there . was no attatamgsuch a high position, such blessings were not for those who followed after the fashions .of the world; if any of us thought so we would - CJIIU AnniDryant, President, treasury amoulatlng'to "1075f The aged and infirm are cared f for and supplied with .necessaries. We havo not been idle in tho good work of storing grain; 7 we own a bin in the United Order Granary, substantial rock buUdingT just compIeted,3 capable of storing one thousand bushels of grain, having one hundred . and fifty 'bush( els on hand at present. ; to a as are increase We, society striving: ziourzefforta for good jnidwjsh ever to" be' found valiant in the cause of P. E. Brown, Sec'y-- r ' F. E. Stuart Ass't. de-sir- U5UU. Willi ' iUO JUUUlTt well- - andjrujrjejs;'all these with property in --u to duties and responsibilitiesfin the church and kingdom of oqV She spoke of the e of the saints to , become Saviorj upon Mount Zion, and that it require the people of God to help redeem the human family, UU with" ops' At wood and Harder ifrdriTKamas, the the following sisters as offlcersr " p; fenced, Hvhere we have planted? mulberry I -- , Co-o- -- y "of the Y. The Fourth' Annual ; Meeting I r r rytLL "TfT-It Apr. 2, 1878. After the usual exercises ; and reading of the minutes, the President Mrs. Sarah Graham alluded to their organization four years previous and the good re suits of their labors in spiritual improve, ment, and closed byiMylngjjeeml fpt the sisters of great wisdom and experience had. been Invited to speak to i them,; iliss E.; B. Snow made some interesting remarks and urged npoa the young thjnecessity of f -- WOMAN'S EXPONENT. A - :- -' Zilpha B. Young, President, 'Afariutha Carson' ':.--'- ' : Vf f J; )' '.?0Phy Beesingeri p Counselors ;.M.:Bdphy Beesingef Secretary,; i .'.' : Caroline Carson, Treasurer. ; 