W OMAN better, and will continue to improve until you regain perfect health; far all the wealth and all the pleasure that can be obtained , in this worjdcinnote . -- , ? tian friends are not contaminated by: heaving the Oid TeatameriY'iri their housed. But Tlfce many .of Jbe wisejand learned of tiie world these ladles knb w ho w lo tcir tfoniociety.bu t cari tfiey.build up have t so, will they be charitable and show It to us? tCan they refer us to any of )ho Eastern cities where epciety is in a ' better conditioa than here in Salt Xiaiej5 $&s Reed re'a ',thj address we publish below, which speaks for itself, as also doe the circular to the clergy and the ' memorial to Congress. ""I. 'iapX9Vtit J " it. f. s. - ::" AN 'ApDRFSS. - Territory- ojt Utak, s::t;,-rj.'A- : 1 1 ! ', A meeting of ladies opposed to plural marriage was held in the Independence Hall in this city Kov, Deject being to tae measures to arouse jVpubiic r sentiment against its practice, and to memorialize to nfake effective the An ti PoWgamy. jaw of 1862, The meeting was called order! to, bv o. waa A. uauo, ixrs. uook ch often ' Chairman, and Mrs. lis M. Bane, Secretary. Mrs. Bane inCa dignified and business-lik- e manner stated the object of the meeting. She informed the audience, also, that a preliminary meeting had previously been held and a committee appointed to draft resolutions ahd mark out a direct course of action. The. meeting was mostly devoted to business, though sbnie sentiments were expressed by those who took part in the proceedings restive to the utter horror and disgust they felt' on the subject ef plural marriage. The contagion1 was In1 the air, and so forthand we coold not help feeiing that. in all' the wide xrtoA tK tCi, 2'.:.? " t UllgUd UOSSmore genial t them, and If e aQ-li- ve Coo-gre- I- ss ' To the Seriate and House of Reprfceentatives of your since polygamy waa planted on the shores of Great Salt Lake. During these yeara, Congress haa Utterly failed to enact efficient or enforce existing laws for the abolition ' of this i great : crime, and we believe that more of these unlawful and unhallowed alliances have beemj consummated i the past year than ever. hefor?in tho hiiry of thn Mormon Church. xne Endowment Houses, under the name of Temples; are being erected in different parta of the Territory,1 coating millions. It is Impossible to ascertain the exact number of polygamous rnarriages, for theyafe consecrated in these findowmeritrousBan institution no Gentile is pennlttecl Winter, "and the brotherhood and sisterhood are, sealed and bound with oaths o Vf rpng that even apostates wi 11 not rev6al ;thm; and tomaintaln wh&h witne sUnd nKbiush- ,ingly perjure ihemsolves and nn (hejujyio-Ut- e all considerations of oath and duty. ' our ajl fiurroundings,' rlvgamy! haa auclTa Keu WVt degrading and debasing form,1! q any nation) or Among any people, above the condition of barbarians, as in Utah." It is degrading to man and woman, a curse to and destructive rto the sacred Elation of family upon which the: civiUzation bfjnationi gs depends, and there that cannot be or repeated printed that reduces the system to 'the lowest form of indecency, i That It should be practiced In the name and under the cloak of religion, that an ipdaUe.WpoIygamlat with four ackriowledge'd wives, ia 'permitted to ait in Congress, only adds to the enormity ofthe crime and makes it more revoltibg' to bur common Christian priricipleW-117- 7 Our Legislature is composed afniost eritlrelj of polygamists "and members ' 'of the Mormon priesthoodanr they aroirid polygamy every poasibio legiaiative d n power; and the light of dower haa been abolished to break do wn the distinction between "the lawful wife and conculrieV ' - nlv-'ifirowi- safe-guar- wttlemenU iht?l Arizona, idah'oNeJJexico and,Vyoming, T,They7have;he balance of3 FMwerf in tw,Y territories, a,t a , without -- dosbfj plotting for it in others.'.. ; - j,, circulari letter aj eTrymtft?tehih6 . 1 ( o:rci;ar L&riji Tbrak cBdSW a mass meeting of" the ladies 'of Saft Lake City oppostd to pblygainyi J Sir-A-t heTtf-Noveni-7t- 187f, h; ioUake sdmer ctmiVlr itis uiys. tlon,' the enclosed addrt sk to Mrs; Hayes arid the womenvbftne 'United 'Statesand 6t fprm In the . movement, In1 an urgent request tha ne li&d the addmscr cause it to be read to hia people inhave the petition presented among itlie iadreaVor aJgni- - g" r Aflerthe adoption of this, United States, the letter to be accompanied by copiea of the addreaa and petitiom Here;ia:the letter: uX 1 - - 1 'U "lak poijSmy iT r wasreadJry .Mrs. Cpl. Froetlb whiph,it ia.tha intention toiiae.ndi to ... Cbri-sfderin- horipraoieoitQ as will make eflVcUve the atiti -- 'of 1862. ycJry- nfi to the membei ' pf,y9urcconifIpna'T district presentation eopgre?s.niIirpordan'ce wlth-Jrastructionf ileorD witef enclose a -- ijj ofbe ldjlreaaifmdtJMPAf it JWinh earnestly request ym to pre? f i hfm 4a ajQYB copy are-thin- j tbrpugnbui ail the Uriited tateTho; ibifo winV petition was tjien read, which ia aloto be Ottered cast throughout tiie,and an to solicited, t the object of, the; petltfonbeing embraced within itself r ? great Tt" it.waaxpaipe u.copi?a of, the nove addresa To Mrs. Rutherford B. Hayes and the Women I : of the United States; ' . Hi chll-dre- n, 7,-Ab- land, wevmay;c6n - -- ATllpOLYdAMETING'?0;? , - Salt Jakb City It is more than 30 years 03 :''r- r178;- r': -:.- - woman;vIt la Tour Lurpose td!sk naMetfto'a petitioridesigried fttft cingmlfidwe ope, also thai; every 'minister the fX3ospet will ' commexid uVtp theVomenjofhla'c 'arid 'that' at! ChHstianr'asMatiois will do what can ai they ;! With the cordial ; copemoif anli Iconcep-trate- d action of jthe; pUI , o IU -- - empower its courts to arrest the further progress of this evil and o delay ;tle admittance of Utah Into statehood until this la accomplished; and we ask you to circulate and pub-lls- h our appeal In order to arouse nubliksenti- ment; which ehouidei atai Hon that peculiarly dnfesees and' atlhialiiea nt forcibly in;regirdTtoprarat marriagefeTrfat as Miiy liosee is a good Christian j ahd believes in the Scriptures, we would advise her to cease jmotiagfrom the Old Testament, as the women mentioned mere were nearly all in plural marriage and Abrahami' Isaac, 3acobStif6sts1;an!d all the old prophets, chosen men of God were all polygamies. It ik a wonder that Jouf Chris- , "the We caii'up6n7the Cbrjatian ""romen United States to join' ua in Urging Congreas to were so thoroughly disgusted 3VHh the social Vice-Preside- tbah k-- 'S'EiP 0 NERT. - - y relation here, they would perhaps be able to breathe more freelyhaomewhere eise.j'fi! Inihss of the vNatioDal ose;. the , Woman's Christian, Temperance Union, made a Ihort speech, and expressed herself 'very enjoyed! past few months you have had. to meet thiols calculated to try. harass and .'perplex you. but then, you , know there Is a promlUe to all those who put their trust in : God, and thie: "As thy day is, so shall thy strength be." "We know, that this promise is true, for we have proved H; therefore it gives us confidence io trust in Him Who has said not one hair of our head fchall fall unnoticed by His alkseeing'eye. I wish I could see you, for there are many things I would like to talk abontthat I hardly know how to put in writing.' v Deaf slfeter, what shall I say to gnre you one word of comfort In your separation from M ? I will not 'say in your loss of fief, for that would not be; correct, for you are not losing her; she is only leaving your home in" exchange for one ' of her own, thereby gaining Instead of losing one. You and I with many more thousands before us have trod in the same path, and although we may have thought we could riot love any one better than father and mother iu that sacred, holy love with (nor can which wo enshrine these dar ones, and more especially when they are gone to rest and we cannot see or hear themVhut as time- - rolls along . there is a call, one that , has been im- planted in our natures by our Heavenly Parents for a great "and and closer tie bids us leave the home of our child- hood. Is it to sever the tie; between parents and children? No! verily no! but to fulfill the great command of God, and to form new tics of our own as links in the chaih that shall bind family to, family,' friends to friends, till the great chain is completed, link by link, and we are united in one eternal Jtond, a one great family in that of our great Father and God. Before ,1 conclude my letter I will say. that you shall have my prayers, that you may have strength to bear your separation? arid may God bless you. And X would ask for your faith and prayers, that we may be worthy the trust mitted to our charge; I say charge, because I know that much depends on the woman as well as the man. And may the bond of love and friendship increase between us year that we live. Give my love to M evefy . and all your family, and ac cept much for yourself? K rora your friend and sister, '' ...v.-- . auggestedrandwithiaaJittleTdeJayaipp the committee desiring i he petitiona.itl be pre- sented to the coming WfaIon:jDf;Cknsr'ciMlni :':2 1: H ZViiiU UlJcrsikizi Uu-:AAo:- h:w blEbat'lhe tinlnhn'RJf iW Aj,z Hl,Bof Winslow, aged lupg: fevarri years? 1 monthV n'd 7 daW, Caroline ilarchant Winalowor Morgan Vaa Mieprgihul for the ChoirVtPXg&i Ko!rfn! Ior' and a teacher in" Sunday hool.jand. as sricbLahe ws puncf pn tnal and ever ready to J performttfie' dutiea aai afned her. "Bletied'are they fat die iri the tit le ,MillennIai BtoVitwcovj.y lih) 