WOM A REVERIE. EXPONENT. 115 grandest possibilities of rich, ripe fruits. jClingipg;tp Hearra, alittlo child with iip lifted eyes and smiling lips, looks bravely forward. --With the blank patience of child, hood he calmly awaits the day, when time shall usher in the life whic h the future nlda .fnr--h I mj IT plyLkno V3thaiLjuL his wants shall bo supplied; and cares but v little for the rest. : ; Do ye not see some one of these four pictures, framed in your hearts and homes? And if yo do, seek with love to comfort and aid the faltering steps of age; lift some of the burdening cares of ripe maturity; guide teach by the steps of wayward youthj-an- d example, and engraft upon -- the mind of - -rosy childhood Divine Truth. la there not light enough for all v r That some may languish la A dungeon wall? Is there not air and sunshine, Oh my God! For all that dwell above the earthi green sod? That some mar rieror feel the zephyrs breath , . Bat walk through life as In the shades of death. 7 there not room for all or must some give Their fleeting breath that others still may lire; Not bread for all thy children here below, That some the bitter pangs of hunger know, And while bright streams of water flowing by, Must In the deepest anguish thirsting die. i " A-s- Is there not lovo enough for all on earth. Or must some have a desolated hearth:. That one may drink the sunshine pure and high And others deep wlthl a the darkness sigh? Tho sweet and clear may be the minstrel's strain, Its notes are touched la hearts by keenest pain. Upon the breeze we bear the happy song, A wall of anjruUh b 3a ra the next along, Laughter comes mingled with deep sorrow's pry, And comes unto our heart the question why The same hand gives, the same hand takes away, lis hard to learn life's lesson day by day. Our earth is stricken Yore her borders fair Blighted and perishing with sia and care; Qod'slprovidence s oft teems strange and dim, Our eyes too weak and blind to look to Him Who g'ave his life upon the cross to tell , Our Father lovedhls children, Oh! so well. He gave the nobiest, best beloved of all, And through the One saved millions from the fall; And when we doubt his love conld we but turn To Calvary's Cross where love doth purest burn, Its radiant beam through ages still as bright ; As Jt Aboao forth upon that bitter night. S. L. City, Jan. REFORMATION 1, 1877. , V-S- D. Y. For the Exponent. IN ORTHOGRAPHY. r It seems to be a day of reformation, a time of improvement,in more things than There is scarcely anything in our everyday lives, but that needs more or less Considerable has been said, and a little has been done, in regard to orthography. AH admit the great need of an improvement in our mode of spelling. A great amount of time is required to master t he art, more than we can spare out of our short lives. Very few ever become profi. cient in spelling; there is no regular system, but each word has to be learned separately, and with the vast amount of words in the English language, it takes a great deal of time that ought to bo spent in learning other branches of school education. Now, if' we could have a system that ppells by sound, it would be much easier, and much time would be saved, which is an Important item with the young of tho rising generation. It is better to I earn correctly at first; it is very hard to erase from the mind false Impressions, and it is difficult to receive the truth when the mind is clogged with error,. False ideas and bad habits and customs by long usage become second nature, and it is hard to discern between truth and error until the mind Is free from prejudice and false notions; hence the necessity of beginning the, education right. When I see :children beginning to go to school, and learning the present 'system (or no system) of spelling, I "look; with pity upon so much waste of lime, and so much needless, labor. There is a right way- - to .weas jdo everything, be to able introduce a better mode oughtlo of spelling than any that exists at the pres-etime. Our alphabet is very imperfect, not haying all the sounds represented, and having" some letters that are worse than . useless, they are W; x, y, q, c. Many letters are used where, they 'should not be used; some letters represent two sounds; this should not be; one letter should not represent more than one sound. For those letters that are discarded it will be necessary to substitute others, or adopt new ones. Now my idea of spelling is to analyze words and find the sounds that make the word, and when wo have found out what sounds are In a word, there will be no trouble in spelling it correctly; nor any f rouble in knowing how to pronounce a word when we hear it spelled. The true way of spelling is very easy to tho; new beginner, morp so than is possible to those who have received their early impressions incorrectly; yet they, by tho assistanco of the Holy Spirit, will be enabled to discern the truth. one. re-modeli- afar and wepW And fear and horror o'er the wicked crept; . As darkness terrible and thunder's rell Shrouded and shook the earth from pole to pole, While from the Cross His voice in prayer arose To God for mercy oa his bitter foes. . The world which sets this right," we there shall ' ' know Why pu rest Joy is linked to keenest woe; If we but seek the paths which Christ has trod And steadfast hold unto the "iron rod," Life's mists and darkness all shall flee away, ' Before the dawn of the Millennial day. When those Who loved him stood - ' -- ' For the Exposekt. PICTURES IN THE NEW YEAR. And so the Old Year has gone, and the New Year ushered in. The last swirl of the wings of old '77 has died away, and we stand in the dim, misty dawn of the opening year. How many buried hopes how many bitter tears how many aching hearts, have seared and blistered the Jages of .the hoofed now "cl6sed7forever7TAnd yet, I see,' in the faint morning light, four figures, with kces turned to the future awaiting; the events which are coming steps. The first is an old roan, bent and worn. His dim, agedeyes are lift ed,wlthMrcely a passing Interest to the scene which unfolds to his gaze. His face is patientdaily and sad. His heart echoes no hope, but to die and that in peace.' By. his side stands a woman whose dignified mien and . comely form denote her the wife and mother. Calmly, and serenely she looks forward, for she,has been so purified by trials and sweet-- " ened by adversity, that her conscience Is like a spring of clear water. She hath ks with'-stealt- hy . taught her children righteousness and acter to represent it, and have place In the sur- rounded them with the atmosphere of truth. The third flgure in the group, with restless feet and eager eyes, scans the distant horizon with hope, not fear; with confidence " not doubt.' Tho curving, melting outlines or her forta bespeak the whose nrst sweet fluhh of youth hasmaiden, not yet been weighted with care, or saddened with grief er dreams are sweet, but 'tis they're JThe4etier3r im -- r me-thin- Bhould Jiavoa.charf or -- ; pity The voice or breathing soundjls. necessary to articulate letf erstherefbW f no - vowel should he allowed to end a consonant, but they should; bo. sounded, ub, ud, um, un, and so on. Every sound that can be made, mostly dreams! but who can tell? beneath .the sparkling, dancing su rface may be tho 11 - AS ; ; T . not got are sounds such as these signify: ush, uzh, ung; uth flat, uth sharp; o should be used instead of y, oo, as in book, should be used instead of w; uh is the voice or breath, and should be used where h is now used; u should have but one sound as a, e, i, each have. ; The way we pronounce it, i t has two sounds, e and u, yu; w is a combination ot sounds, so cannot bo a tetter not be spelt by b u t a word; letters-shoul- d but words by letters; it should not words, be possible to spell a letter, they are, or : s houid be but one sound, The old characters can be retained as far as they go, J?iLJ?6 ppesad opted, but none should represent more than one souud. There are thirty-fou- r sounds In our language7. One kind of letter is sufficient, the capitals beihg made larger than the others. It is difflcalt to write on this subject as there are not characters to represent all tlie sounds. It might be made plainer to the understanding by speaking upon it. The 'modi- -: fled oo as in book, andt I n boon , may be l reresrn ted by one character, or two, as may be determined here-afte- r, i ters. giving tho Alphabet ub. ut. ud. uv. uf. uz. uch. ug. uk. ul. urn. u n. up. ' ush. uzh. - ung. uth, sharp. uth, flat 3 ? . ux. : uj. .: us. uh ',t ow as in owl. ; . . asin nut thirty-fiv- a as in hate, ,, hat. hard, hall, e meet met i o ride, bit. . note, oo book, ,, u - rule, rE. N. - ? S. L, City, Nov. 18, 1877. . let e 'MUSIC. ,.::-- O. . ,.r Mnsic that mystic power which sways mens hearts, whether they will or; nohow sweet and yet how strong it3 influence! and , how thankful Julo bej to our not Heavenly pther for: for that only which emanates from costly t j ns ru men ts, bat for that also which,though humble, is tto$$iwkk i nt ' . comes the songs of birds,thrillingour hearts witnjjxquisite joy. Ah, how sweet are tho songs orhappy woodIanbrIrdsrdrtlie voicewhat h sweeter, purer than the Joy of some young spirit finding vent ' human in musical sounds? Thanks bo to tho Divine Master for, implanting In our hearts this love for music. What other gift could he have conferred upon us that would add -- hanninpS nq thU rlnna9. ' t O music, thy power is' indeed a mvstic one. When we are weary and sore oppressed, thy voice can roll away tho burden ; tO Our -- when our whole being is swayed by uncon. trollablo passions, thou canst ' calm tho troubled waters ; and when the spirit of good seems to have flown far from us, thou canst influence us" to return to his guidance. music, thou aft Indeed a blessing 1 .With i hy help wo can ascend .to heights of joy before no'er dreamed of; and can com. fort the sick, cheer the last moments of the dying, and help tho, lost wanderer back to , r0 the fold. James Pjereigo. 