WO rT Tliof Tia nrprtt mnditinn hf th hnmnn race imperatively jtfem&nda the actiye exercise ..of ee nlDg, feTAtJiigj epIiitualizlDg power 'yt.pure womanhood ta eradicate moral poison; j , .restore spiriaal and, physical health, an4 thus lead hnmahl ty to a higher plan e of; though t ano! .fcjjog, and to richer ountains tof.peren- v n , -- real-ize- the.motbVrlMjLtoily la the. tern. from our I Fea veny :Father; uuty to her unborn child. should take, precedence of all other I y12. Thai sulking" herself to Le degraded, hiltin fbW holy state, for merely sensual purposes, Is a crime against the human xace, a sin against her own s5ul and against the Holy ' 4l: ;i; Bptrft.; : l;V . Order to aid operation,, in r iiy.counsel, snggestion, or to- our work. ;of social, purification .I'ublishtdh Sara, Andrews; Spencer In . ''- - J" H . ,H')nii at:.! -.,!. Thenler us awake ; -- may contribution from the.pen ,rai ne,. who has been hA called early romMirplPQfJoyin'g relatives and ac&ualn tances .rv-...T)r y iypun,g-fr;,Qpq.- For the ExrosEST. - DUTY OF PARENTS. ' Provoj b;:87l863;fndMdipa Nbv.;l877, -typhoid feveri Sh e as formal student in the ,B, Yr Academy; and iook - xpride 1 n "fi tt i ng h ersel f for 'it ' teacher, great being respected by all! from the rtilcipkl to the ' pupils.' She was1 also first counselor in- the 'F - ; . 1 1 - wuiuaiimprpvementABsociation-orth- e First Ward. Endowed with mind and manners calculated to win the i esteem of 'those with. whom ho 4iasociated, with in-- ) dulgent parents and every, prospect of hap-pinees :in Jong life, she wax called, at tho .early ..ago of , Jtourteen .years and eigh t months, to join tho holy angels in the beau-tlfii- l land of peaco and Jovvhilo her - U . b $ sor-irowi- , .. s ? :. pff riends can only say, fj Why,; is it?" jGp4'no)V5 )cst. , Before her last illness she wroto.the.foliowing piece, .which so pleased her., teacher .that she expressed ta desire of " K sending ; t"tK6 . Exponent, and I take M. Ptovo., This i3 a subject r; have reflected much upon, and I.feel that 1 would, like to give some of my, views in regard ToVit''Nbt 'that' my ideas will be anything new, bu t we sometimes need reminding and awakening to our duties and obligations. Realizing as I do the importance of the day in which we live, and knowing that Satan is at work among tho saints and trying to sew the seeds of infidelity in the hearts of our children; is what prompts me to write and see If we' cannot by our united efiorts ward ofT tho impending evil. I have noticed for years back tho rising generation, and asked , , ; myself the question; are they coming up pumpuio in comniy mg wun ner wish. 7J J. Tanner. AN ESSAY ON THE LAYING ON OF to the standard of what the children of the Latter-da- y Saints should be? Some of them are all that we could wish, while others are reckless and regardless of the good advice of parents and are evidently on their way to ruin unless they repents O, that I had the language and the voice of an angel to r reach the hearts of all such, and cause them .' to stop and reflect ere It is too late. The Sunday Schools aud Improvement Associations Jor young people of both sexos are doing much I think to bring this aboutt but let a little and see if we have done our duty as And If we who have raised large parents. families can see wherein we have ailed to take the right course, those who are just starting out in life may profit by our experience and do better. God's first commandment to Adam and Eye was to "multiply and replenish the earth;" the'same words are repeated to pur young people when they kneel at the holy altar and are united in the order of Celestial Marriage, They are not told to gather to themselves rlche5,but to multiply and keep the commandments of God and they shall be blessed with eternal lives How little attention is paid to the tru meaning of the words; should not their aim bo to try and bring forth good spirits into the world; for what will add more to heir glorythan good and noble children provid. truth- - The saints "P I rn nn.T when children are born unto themrthat L - M -- After'wS are' baj the ad- -; ministration of the! laying on of hands we recerve odr confirmation: Into the Church f " n(i the gflft of the Holy Ghost also, which is given to. cheer, corafort and the mind, strengthen the meraoty;eulighten and lead -unto all truth, that men and women may t become . perfect, Among the many, manile3fationa of the Holy Ghost are failh beal; , , ing, . and miraculous powers. After wo havo received, this blessing, in order to reJ tain it we should be very humble and .. prayerful, and strive to keep all the com of :,thu Lord, observe all His precepts, and live by every word that pro veeeds from His mouth, and by so we 1 ' h Mih-iour Creator. Ifdoing ; r ' iwi any are or sick among us we. send for the Eider"., and they anoint the jick with oil, and adminis-V- . cr to. them in the name of the Lord and ; ; by faith in God the hand of the destmyer 13 and they are healed, if not an. .stayed, nted-unt- o ; po death; for this bleseing and privilege wo should feel very grateful usLatter-daySaintsgobaic- . - - n to the danger. Some be prevented? -- 1 can- ; ! Jsopd yon a ask how.can it : not, sajv'.but think something might be done by commencing at the root of the evil. The evil may. commence even before we are aware perhaps impressions are made upon the mother while bearing her child, .ren; a woman's nature when .undergoing the pain and suffering Incldeut to becpniing a mother in many cases is almost entirely changed. She is more susceptible of joy or sorrow, the least unkind word will, brin tears when at other times it would not be noticed. Often sick in body, and woaried with household duties, is more dependant upon her husband, needs his help with the children,if she already has little ones, needs sympathy and kind words to help her bear her burden. It is said that woman has the power to mold the mind of her child, and that children born of good mothers will prove to be good sons and daughters. : Now if this is tho case would they not be still . ti , VAU III- ; ! I, nn, pie whether they become the children of our God, or children of the Evil One. The question might arise, why is it that some of the children born in plural marriage are opposed to the principles df that sacred mar. riage covenants. We: know that Polygamy as it is called, is the bugbear of the so call- - - nance the priesthood was conferred upon every officer5 in the Church, from the Prophet Josoph Smith to the deacon. The i Holy Priesthood was'j ivendirect from heaven, and no man can hold it except he be ordained by ono who holds it. ' Agatha A. Perry. For the Theological Class, B. Y. Academy, Prpvo City, Utah, Sept, 8, 1877. CORRESPONDENCE. sill andTsnolTcepr : 1871. ; A. IJidjenUghteiMIwoii if It was not for that principle we might kno wsihis power join yourQhurclu-Sata- n forTionot only stirs up the hearts of the chilaren of the world, but is also cunningly at work with those born in that covenant for he knows if he can poison their minds against Celestial Marriage, he has gained one grand point. d. ' and ; , under a bushel, but is gratuitously extended to every nation, kindred tongue and Jjople; 1 1 is thewepower f God unto salvation, whereby may gain an inheritance ;hereafterf even auexaltatipn iu the king ddm of Heaven. r , AIso the through, ,; laying, on of hands wo " receive' our patriarchal blessings. By this ordinance children are blessed, thus having alame' in the Church; also by this ordi - -- - many other manifestations have been The knowledge of this power comes rt.pleofTttywlijle ppsfiuie angelFacra ::dntl.esr rmnds- mUchUDOnlheir lives and thrbiigh-tne-go- od ft r. B XP 0 N E N T . The Apostle James - says Tbe - prayer-o- f faith shall heal the sick, and, the Lord. our tjod shall raise tbem up, and if they have committed any sins they, shall"be forgiven tliera.,,f And through this miraculous 4lower of God displayedjn thehealing' of the, siek:, evil spirits have fen JcastTout, the bltnd made to see and be lame ,16 walk; most glorious possibilities of manhood,, here and .hereafter.; MAN'S k , , if : better if they have good fathers for they are often like him in disposition.: "Few persons realize that what is mostlybefore the mother during the period of maternity, will make the strongest . impression upon her offspring. Then should not the father ; be very careful, and let his actions be such that he might be proud for his child to pattern after him. Most fathers throw too much respsonsibility upon the mothers in regard to training their children, riot but that many a woman is capable of doing to alone, but it is not the surest way; to have a well ordered family in my humble opinion takes both parents unitedly. I remember it was my father who used to sjt with us in the evenings when my mother was busy perhaps mending or making little clothes) and try to get us interested in our studies, and help us with our hard lessons; and at times would tell us 'of. God, and draw our young minds towards Him. Happy childhood memories.,. I would that every child could say of their parents as I can say of mine, that I could see: no fault in them, nor ever heard a cross word pass between them. : But I am digressing: from my subject. Another course of evil is I think, a neglect of prayers in families, or if It is attended to it is done in such a man. net as not to interest or benefit the children. In the first place we should get the spirit of prayer, for without the:. spirit of prayer we can never enter into the CelestiaLKing-dom- . Then if this is so necessary why not pray so that our children can understand. Pei haps have the prayer shorter and more to the point, so they need not "get weary; call on them to take a part while" 'young, and they, will grow up with this spirit, aod when the husband is absent, the wife should take that place and never let prayer be neglected, or in any way leave any gaps for the evil one to creep in. Sometimes husbands cannotattend to 4L . 1 . 