mi He had just succeeded in getting a little start in business, and had prevented the i m portati on" of tb is- - ii De of goods among the merchants here." It isTto be hopWi that Br. Clemefchaw- will prosper in his efforts to reestablish his branch of On Wednesday, the 19th of December last, tne Relief ocietylaf-Bi- g CottonwjbcdJdMricL held tnelr annual meeting; which we bad the pleasure of at tend ing, in com pan y v ith Miss E. R. Snow and Mrs. M. I. Horne. The meeting was well attended by the sisters of' that vicinity, although only two brethren were present. The minutes read on the occasion gave lis - a good idea of the sisters' . energy and devotion: in good work s. The an n ual report was brief and comprehensive, and reflected credit upon the Secretary, aa3 also showed the economy and good management ' which had teen used in disbursing means. The President of the Society made a few opening remarks, and explained to the sisters the object of the petition to Congress now being circulated in this Territory to assist in obtaining Universal Suffrage. Miss, E. R. Snow, Mrs. M. I. Home and Mrs. E. B- - Wells each made some remark. The subjects treated upon were home manufacture, the benefit of women's organizations, the elevation of society, the bill before Congress i nt rod uced By ChrTsTia ncy; the bu il d 1 n g of Temple, and other important matters relat' work. ing to the latter-da- y -- ; -- - - home-manufactur- e. . ; -- . keepi theB Siolfy dJ pier aud more blessed people. He was going to :nt7f plant yut some muberry seed.. cated by ther author to President Brigham Young previous to his death.- - No W at its publication, it closes withl a veryLtojichiBg I - poeWwrUten of : The Funeral of President Brignam Yourig." The book is certainly a choice and valuable ac- quisltion to Mormon literature. It ia aj work al I MreMargare Ppung laI3iirjere waipoth-dn- g to hinderug from weajlnysilfcdres.msde by our own bands if? we would, parryoul. .the ,T counsels that had, been given, usr .. " MrsrZIna'D.; Young reported" tjiaB Mrsr , , Car-"doiir- yWngrWple's Sociellershouldad cNoHheliP; Iirjni-waapraredJt- librariesTITrieIc r- ::-v- many items of interest in writing up the editori.il columns for home, that it is impotable, in so small h paper as ours, to mention all that would be gratify iig to our readers; but we would like to t ail the attention of the people to the Commission Store fur so Home Manufactures. They are constantly new stock their varieties of such adding articles be as and can made in this Tergoods so ne now have ritory. .They very handsome home mi u ii faetii red in g rainca? pf 1 n gr T h e quality of the goods far surpasses that of the same kind made in the Ei&t. There is no sham about it; the colors are very bright and would give a winter room a warm and cheerful appearance. They have stocking-yar- n of a great variety of colors; and counto terpanes suit the different taste of the purchaser-; eilk neckties and laces made here by the sisters. An elegant assoitraent of flowers for hats: bonnets, cape, etc. Shoes, stockings add many other articles useful nd warm for this cold - weather. Indies and gentlemen, please call at the Home Commission 'Store first, before going elsewhere to purchase winter supplies In this line. ' Poems by E. R. Snow. We have received, . 1 table-cover- from-th&--Aut- hor, MissE-R.-Saowracopy- s -of her second volnme of poems. This book has been published here, at the Deseret Kews Office. H is tastefully bound in cloth, and! has upon the lid an artistic monogram. Iu the front Is a steel engraving of the author; the picture gives to Miss Snow the characteristic expression of deep thought, which is so well known to those who are personally with her features iu jrepoger There acquainted is 'ieed to Introduce thi3 talented lady to our readers, for her fake as a writer has been establong lished, and he la known here and abroad as "Zion's Poetess." Her book will fpeak for it selfthere is no, need for us to laud it: those who read it will find a lofty tone of sentiment in all the poems It contaius. Many of the poems are h storical and wiil help to perpetuate inci.ients, and events in the lives of this People. History combined in is a portion of fine art. The book was poetry reverently dedi . giv6 'Jr l . ' :--;- ' J DTB COURSE BT PRESIDENT BRIGIIAM YOUNG, . DELIVERED In the: Tabernacle,' Ogdexu y and-loft- If 1 were talkihg.to the "brethren, I shduld y - r- The Deseret Silk ' ion SMUOULTUre. met at the Fireman's Hall December 8th, Mrs. - A-soc- ZinaD. Youug presiding. Mrs. Young said devotedly engaged in this work. The question was often asked was there money in it? Her answer wa, Yes by opening the - way whereby hundreds could find employment. It was for pur own interest to take hold of this branch of industry. Our grea'e3t drawback was. the waut of machinery she-wa- s liOrdrfTeh tbem and they '!wih naye faith (torn heiry?uttf up, and the Spi rit of the Xorll to? ilWeptftlierjithat they may pever lose tight of jthis faia i'n Chrl8tf and our Heayeniyr jfa.ther;and to prepare the silk f r the home market, but there was some prospect of getting it boor. She had just returned from a visit to Farm I rig ton. While there, she saw a lady knitting stockings ' ' ' of- silk and wool. f Mr. Graves, of Provo; gave an interesting-accoun- t e of the progress of in the southern part of Utah. He reported that he had given to the sisters in the 'First Ward bf Pio vo an acre of ground to raise mulberry trees on. There was not a place in Utati County but had raised some silk. American Fork had ; taken the lead in ; Mrs. Barney said it was' over two years since 1 old t hey. will nodepa am firm in the faith j and Yerily neijeyejtnkt Jf mothersjsvill bring Lup" their ;qhjldren" aright, and give .them that early tininj-tljairtneshould have, their children will grow ud.. and df reptitude; an d : 4 never , depart 'from the 1 ' ' 1 - Th silk-cuftui- time we had bten corresponding east and west for the benefit ofthb home industry. She had traveled all over this Territory preaching silk; trying to get the people to plant out mulberry trees, and fel t satisfied with our progress Wfar. The society was a little crippled forj means at present, owing to buying so many cocoons of; a poor quality last year, which were a dead loss until we get machinery, to work them. Tbls Territory would be dotted all over with mulberry trees wherever they will grow, land we would keep on until we make the industry a the-mothe- -- -- war urn their, enemiesy and they will be filled with this1 spirit. : you see at once what 1 wish to4m-preupon your mind Is.Uhat the motners' are the machinery that gtye zest to the wnole man, and guide the destinies arid;lives of men Sipoa. Con-seqoent- : ly ss i "'the ;earth.;- pSjt'9eu;;trfk other ;'matterk;k. Ypu can do j upon as you just plee;-,yd- canrul tMivStake qZiqnI Whhere :1areBr6therHej " You one step unless you' 6 y do not understand this, do you? ,Vhy all the, men In this StakVof Zion can go to somd other country, but when the ladles sayjhus and so, all the menhaye to come to thVsUridardl'.ftBut .we have an independence, you1 "know;. and I would not- like to pi nj mj destiny to any wo- -, man's apron string'. But ou. see jhe (orce.of this education, which. is forced upon them: by the teachings received in early childhood. :: ; (To be; continued.) V - cannot Jnove , ' -- rs ! , ' -- . -- ' '." ;'vv:T-- v ,'s:. l Eucces. Mr. George B; Wallace said he had been interested in this branch of business' for a long time and there were nn doubts ti is mind as to it a success. ''Our bench 'lands would be very valuable to plant out mulberry trees on. VVe ought to encourage all home industries; find employment for our children, ' il ... 'i truth, j In instruments are the mothers. moving ,: The of the hands Providence, to guide the.desHnlea of any - nation of nations. t"It' teach their children not to make war, thelchil-dre- n would grow up and never enter Into it. iLet the mothers teach? their ;chi ldreh, War, 1 Bilk-raisin- g., t hisasscciat ionas1organizVdfDurihgtbat i s, ' , i say no man I b this phurcii has . tB4privileor riglit to Wter'in Co business withou t Laving God Iniii tHoughiB andt asking for guidance and direction 'in f now And I will say to the mothers-andsialrgive your jshildren this correct : tiaditiori 'in their, ypnthlAs I was talking to pne.joYxQy jwives, Bhe said, VVho ia there hat teaef her children these! things?'1: ifturnedfai qne arjd said, "There is one of my wives' she.bahil-dren- , fu 11 of faith, causaahe made: It herhusi-nes- s to teach! them the tradition .to believe In do the Father, to call uponvHim continually; and Ood was In their thoughts from m orning until evening all the time they were awake- -' ' Says I, MTherd'is Jhe woman; she baa taught her children." Kow I know that mbthera can teach their children; arf Iheyouglirto teach the da, and this id my cl uly to Yell you what to do in this caie. jiememb children In the Nurture and admonition of the . -- 1 , s There are t)f riiambferdf'ybtfngnwreg reeling sue, on.very reasonapie.ienns.T j ? the ;firs Friday In adjourned-tilat at thhs place; 3!.p mrw- --Vo January, - say, Go forth, little volume, aud may you win admiration for your pleasant companionship and blessings for your author, by suggesting happy thoughts, noble impul es and holy am- bitions, -'. second volume Poems by E. It. Snow.--T- he is of Miss now ready for Snow's poems the public The, literary effusions of Zlon's favorite poetess are of a high order and inspired with a heavenly spirit. They treat on topics of peculiar interest to the Latter-daSaints, and convey truths, ef great import couched in chaste language. The new volume contains upwards of one. hundred phees and a fine steel engraving,- - an excellent portrait of the gifted au thoress, handsomely bound in full English cloth and neatly lettered for the library or centre table. It forms a. suitable Christmas or New Year's gift, and, will be told at alow figure, to place It Within, the reach of all. We cordially commend it. to the public and have no doubt that the Belief Societies will aid. in bringing it to therattentiOn of the f eople of Utah. The book-Ipubiishe'd at the ''Deseret New s" office and is a' valuable addition to the liferahire of this Territory. ;r;t "Deseret News." 6 ; -- , - . 