13 pursuit of learning, as well as Jn. other labors. Tlie Latter-da- y Sai n ts desi re to see th ei r eh ild- ren stand high in morality and education, and to be intelligently so, great care must be taken in their early training. Many people are t6o careless of the discipline of their children and entrust them to teachers who are nonqualified spiritually to exercise the highest influence over them for good. It is essential that parents should be wige in this matter for the future good of Israel. Miss Cook has certainly done a noble work during her residence in Utah, in the interest of education: she is thorough in her system and has prepared many young ladies well for practical work as teachers, giving several an ppportunity to afsisther, and thus having the benefit of her supervision and suggestions, to fit them better for other spheres of labor. family, does all her own housework, including washing, ironing and cooking, writes many letters, and does a great deal of reading, lis ter Vienna is very familiar with theScripturev This last Spring she has, made sixty-on- e pounds of butter, and milked her own cow, f: at Beverly Viennarques-war-bo- rn but resided in Boston when she received the Gospel. She went up to Kirtland in 1831, stayed six weeks, and was baptized while there, she sent money up to Mo. to buy land at that time. She returned home to Boston, settled up her business, and went back to Kirtland to unite her interests forever with the Church. She was in Missouri, and Naur voo, and has shared in many of the persecutions of the saints. She was formerly a Methodist and had received what they term sanctifi-eatioprevious to embracing Mormonism. She is strong and full of faith in the principles of the Gospel. n IN MEMORIAM. The Fifteenth Ward Belief Society gave a Strawberry Festival on Friday evening Juno Lydia Partridge, widow of Edward Part ridge, died on the 9ih of Juno at 7, p. m., at which was a very pleasant affair. It was a social reunion of the officers and members with their husbands, brothers, fathers and the Bishop of the Ward. We were present by invitation. It was conducted 1l a very pleasing manner by Mrs. S. M. Kimball, President of the Society, and her assistants in office. The company were regaled with delicious strawberries and cream-cak- e and lemonade. The met in the upper room tf the Belief go party ciety Hall, the lower pait of which is occupied by the Ward Store, renttd for the benefit of the -- Society There are also two adjoining rooms in the building in which they have opened a Com mission Store, and hope to secure ' sufficient patronage to make it a success They have a great variety of fancy articles made by the ladies of the Ward, ladies under-clothinchildrens clothing, etc. The object is to furnish employment for some cf the poor sisters and also be able to do something remunerative to aid the Society in the way of funds. Under the able and efficient management of the rresident, the Society have accomplished the building of a substantial rock granary in which" they have some grain stored, and a good prospect fur more the coming season. The entertainment was an informal one, mostly devoted to conveisation, a few speeches and songs helped to make a variety. Closed with prayer about 2 o'clock, and the company dispersed. Such social meetings will promote a general good feeling and no doubt be of mutu-a- l benefit. 21, - g, l! ?,ln 'of lheir and lo reunement and progression. We were pleased to see among the Apostles Wllford Woodruff, Daniel H. WelT Joseph F. Smith, also Elder O. F. Biggs and to both teachers and students to see an Interest manifested in their endeavors to obtain knowledge, and children need encouragement in the ft time they were in prosperous circumstances. She was baptized into the Church of Jesus Christ ot Latter day Saints, by Parley P. Pratt in 1830, and her husband being called by revelation to be a Bishop and locate in Jackson County, Mo., Bister Partridge was left alone with the care of a large family of smajl children, and afterward performed the with her journey children, which, to her, in those days without the protecting care of her husband, wa a heroic uader-takin- g. The Bishop was required to devote himeclf to the duties of his office, and bis property being used up, they were brought into straightened circumstances. Through the persecutions of Missouri, Sister Partridge was compelled to make the journey- to Nauvoo, with her children without her husband. To repeat the scenes passed through, .the privations endured during their residence In Missouri, and the exodus therefrom, would be unnecessary as they have become mattejs of his- tory. In Nauvoo Bishop; Partridge died, and there she a!so buried a daughter.; - Sometime after she wa married to Father William whose wife had also died Jn Nauvoo. left Nauvoo with the first companies in They the exodus in Feb., 1816, crossing the river on the Ice with teams and wagons. At Mount Piegdh, on the route West, Father Huntingdon was appointed to preside over those who stayed there to raise a crop, and come on the next eeason, but he was taken sick and died. IntheSpring of 1847, Mother Partridge and family, moved to Winter Quarters on the Mis sour! river, and afterwards came to Salt Lake Valley with Pres. Bilgham Young's company, ' ' in is IS. ' "Although their prope'ty was sacrificed in becoming Uentifled with the "Mormons," and her husband had- labored for the people and had worn hirmeif 6u in the ausj, yet Moth- - Miss M. E. Cook's Graded School in the Social Hall, closed for the Summer vacation Thursday afternoon, June 20, with a variety of exercises by the pupils in form of an entertainment. Quite a number of visitors were pres. eot; songs, mus:c, recitations and dialogues, filled up the programme. The children renl dered theireverar parts very Presi dent John Taylor was presentcreditably. and made some appropriate remarks, expressing bis pleasure at seeing the desire for improvement which was apparent; congratulated Miss Cook on the sue cess she had achieved, and alluded in terms to the education of th vn,,,,,, i Jrf manners" Oak City. Millard Co.. and was buried at Fill- more on the 11th. She' was the daughter of Joseph CJIsbee and Mernam Howe, and wes born at Marlboro, Middlesex County, Masg.,on the 26th of Sept. 1793. Her mother dying when she was about fcwentytwo years of age, the family was broken up, she with one brother and sister went to Ohio, where she became acquainted with and was subsequently married to Edward Partridge in the year 1819, who was a batter by trade and carried on quite a successful business at Palnsville. They were believers in the doctrine taught by Alexander Campbell, and were identified with an organization raised up by Sidney Rigdon; at that , ; Hunt-ingdo- n, ' . -- - er Partridge was al way a; loth to ask for assistance, and labored diligently to support herself and family, aud was always found earning something. She was exemplary in her daily life, and was fieVer known to be tught elsa than a true and faithful Latter-daSalnf, and it is not known that she had a personal eneuly. In disposition she was quiet and unassuming, and her good works were performed without ostentation, but from an innate lovo of the, right, and the natural kindness of her heart. Having been identified with the Church almost from the commencement, she was; intimately acquainted with a great many of the Latter-daSaints who will ever think of her with kindly and pleasing remembrance.!' Mother Partridge leaves a great number of and some great grandchildren, children. Her only liviDg son Edward Partridge, is well known in this Church. He resides at Fillmore and is First Counselor to the President" of Millard Stake. Skter Partridge was one of the oldest members in the Church, a veteran indeed, who has fought valiantly In the interests of the kingdom of God, and she has now gone to join the hosts of the saints behind the veil, 10 rest from earthly toil and pain, and enter upon another sphere of usefuly y grand-childre- n ness. One of the saddest and most distressing be currences which have ever transpired In this Territory, took place Saturday last, June 22,in Sanpete Co. A party of young folks and children went out upon a small lake not far from Manti, in a boat. About one o'clock a terrible gale swept over the lake, the party were frightened, and rushed to the bow sinking and capsizing the boat. Five from Ephraim and six from. Mayfield were drowned, onlytwo were saved clinging to the boat. It iseaid the greatest exertions were made to save the parties from drowning, men going out Into :the water at the risk of their own II vis. Names of the drowned, as published in the Deserct Oliver Oviatt, aged 22; Rosa Bella (his wife), aged 16; Miss Nora Neilson, aged 9 years; Mas-te- r Jenson, son of Henry Jensen, aged 8; Miss Williams, daughter, of Jno. Williams, aged 10 years; Miss Stevens, daughter of Joseph 10 Stevens, aged years, all of Mayfield. Of Ephraim. Chas. Christiansen, aged 19; Miss Anderson, daughter of Lars Anderson, aged 16; Miss Bella Thompson, aged II years; Miss Anderson, daughter of Jens Anderson, aged 11; Master Larsen, aged 9 years. OBITUARIES. April I9tb, 1878. Mb3. Mary Annie Harrh Bo wen, the beloved wife of Bro. Lewis Bowen, aged sixty-fiv- e years. She was baptized in the Abersy-cha- n branch of the Herefordshire Conference in 1853, and emigrated to Utah in 1863, She was the mother of twelve children, seven of whom are living, six sons, aud one daughter. The home of Bro. Bowen in Wales1 was ever open to the Elders on missions, and in addition to the care of a large family, Sister Bowen took great pleasure in to their wants for the Gospel's administering ako. Her faith was firm in this Latter-da- y work; she bore her sickness with great calmness and and fell asleep In the full hope of a serenity; resurglorious rection. .'. Con. . . . Kaysville. Davis . Co. Juno 16, 1878. Lydia Wade, the young03t daughter of Robert and Emma Victoria Wade", died on fcunday June 16th. aged four months and nine- teen days, the family was formerly fronx York, shire, Logland.--Millenn- ial Star please copy. 