... Vol. 7. ,.,, , - - " i Fdr the ExpONEST. TIME AND I. I have a friend; the oldest one s. NeVerin baste, and never late, Silent, yet firm, he follows me; Though I forsret, or smile, or hate His presence, there Is he. When but a child, with ne'er a thought Of him, whether to blame or praise, Each day some newer gift he brought, And woke my mind to fresh amaze. What fairy stories then I heard, Of wondrous things I yet should see; Till I forgot the singing1 bird, And wistful, left my mother's knee. Watching life's phantoms luring on The eager soul, through passing years; I lost my treasures fast as won, Though pledged by hope and bought by tears And whether it be Just, or.wrong, To Ret such sentence in my rhyme, The loss of youthtime, treasure, song, I charge it all, dear friends, to Time. r And when I name him rarely, so, It is because I can but see: For all his vows made long ago, How little is fulfilled to me. If in my glass I chance to look, - (He toM-mlime should make me fair) see I youth's bright, fresh face he took, And left a weary woman's there. e And thus defrauded and denied Of woman's solace (as some say), I pay a sigh to wounded pride, And quickly look the other way. If from my heart upswells the song (Time said my voice should grow more sweet ), And I my quavering notes prolong, friends at last retreat. Tbongh I remonstrate 'gainst his will, And every firm resolve declare, 'Gainst all my arts, I find his skill Has added silver to my hair. And though resigned to yield the rose The cheek in earlier years did wear, I tremble now, for ah! who knows How soon he'll leave a wrinkle there. Yet though he cheat and wound me sore, Ills tyranny an end must find, For when I reach the other shore, His ma Jesty must stay behind. Ahl an immortal there to dwell, O'er loss and change no more to sigh; With all life's promises fulfilled, How blest! to bid Old Time7good-by- J Augusta. Joyce Chocheiiow. August 8, 1878. FFor the Exposest. THOUGHTS ON THE WOMAN QUESTION. BY HANNAH T. KINO. When we see all thinking:, minds impressed with gome mighty principle, crude and chaotic though it may be, and Is, for thore. is ever the germ, the nucleus to all things great and small but when we see such minds shaken "moving of the waters" then look upthe for the Angel of. Truth to descend to restore, to purify, to elevate, to invigorate, and cause all such to pass from "under the rod" and emerge into their native element, jrom which they haye been excluded, for wiso and just reasons? we must believe this, because God is a God of love pro-hab- ly - co-partne- : r; co-operati- ves '. in plalrTTgnorancef theirTnutuatposttioffr-o- f nkirig, reasonable mind believe that He pares less for His daughters than His sons? Common sense and the common feelings natural to every parent negative such an idea. Look into the mechanism of woman as she came from the hand of her Creator study well both can-an- ytb their inseparable "duetts." I feel that the generality bf? women need instruction on that subject as much as men. I "have seldom, if ever, seen a man who refused to a woman the place she had worked herself up to by her own ability, even if in some : 1 measure she supplanted himself, if she was really capable oi filling it, and he knew it; he naturally loves a woman who is indeed and in truth a helpmeet to him. How many a good man ha3 been spoilt, ruined often for the lack of Just such a woman! and many an inferior man has been raked up to a platform from which he never after descended, by the love and admiration he has felt Ifor some woman, who has come like an angel of light upon his ; path, and has walked side by side with hito through his after life, finding that "her ways were ways of pleasantness, and all her paths were peaco." Let woman study herself, cultivate "herself, her character, disposition temperament and temper, holding her own,' maintaining her native dignify, knowing and asserting mental and physical organism, study the exquisite sensitiveness of both. Her soul yes, "she loves much; this shows that God has bestowed on her a larger portion of His Spirit. Wbat will she not bear and endure for those she loves her husband and; her children most especially? Witness her fortitude under trial; often in such has she unto man, and he been indeed a help-megratefully owns it; for there are very few men who will not readily give to woman the praise due her, if he has been the recipient of her helping life! I maintain that men can and do appreciate a good and faithful wife; such words da not mean a soft, obedient simpleton, who has not judgment enough to decide what is right and what Is wrong, but by a good wife I mean a true friend, who studies his interests, his welfare, His Happiness, and ; even in - the small (?) affairs of every day life studies what will please him, what will comfort him, and shuns all that would annoy him; if she requires something of him that she thinks he will not grant, watch for the moment when his mind is unloaded of its cares and ho feels gentle and7 conciliative, and I feel sure she will get her wish, if it Is within his reach. I could elaborate this subject, but enough is said "a hint to the i et wis is sufficient." Young wife, do not think this too much; It is, I assure you, only a hint. Would you not act precisely the same to your brother, or your sister, or friend, were you living with either? Surely you would. There is no subservience in doing right, such Is merely "the rudiments of an angel." This is the age when the minds of the masse, as I said In the beginning of this article, when the minds of all nations seem impressed with the desire to elevate woman to a sphere from which they realize she has declined, and to which all Just and candid minds desire to help to restore her. There have been womenin all ages who have stx)d forth on the stage of life as the Prima Donna of the age, showing the being God made, and which men and the world have unmadel and she has also helped to unmake herself! The last is the most dreadfuljof all; to misrepresent ones self is a fearful thing. Alas! woman" has done it, and is still doing it, though many are awakening to the great fact that she is a daughter of God, and equally lesporisible with man for her course in life, where she Is not coerced. '." V The woman question la the subject of the day and ago In which we live; I feeljt will be a work of time, as all great revolutions usually are, yet I feel sure it is especially Woman's era, and that a change must come, when woman can Indeed be a helpmeet lor man. Man fa the brother of woman, her . :. she is his sister, and they must in the grand business of be saving life. May each become more enlightened and walk understanding, not and j ustlce, and all effects spring from causes governed and controled by the grand Potentate of the universe. God is the Father of all spirits, both His soprano! His r 1 xlau gh ters ; JDTponJhe record otjyjeixSt Who, watchful how my life doth run, Upon its every scene appears. My patient No; 7; SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, SEP. 1, 1878. ; - - her place, by simply taking th.echairthat belongs to her, and then quietly and un sleepingly retaining possession with full capability; and I assure ou such a woman will have all the queensh i p she' craves, be it what it may, for she will be irresistible, and her own mind and her own character will be to her a kingdom, over which she will love to reign, and rejoice therein. ! S. L. City, Aug. 24, 1878. NOTES AND NEWS. Francis E. Willard, the famous Temperance Lecturer, delivered an address upon that subject Tuesday evening Aug. Miss Miss Cof. 20, at Yarmouth of first made fin, "some very Brooklyn, forcible and on intemperremarks practical ance, as seen in New York and its suburban Camp-Groun- d. cities." Miss Willard, it is said,-helher audience with an undivided attention. "The ministers seated around and y in front of her proved by their eager listening attitude that they had entirely forgotten St. Paul and his ancient commands." The distress ca used by yellow fever Is truly appalling; Deaths and iie w cases of the disease are daily telegraphed from tho d Infected localities. Calls for "nurses "and conaforts for tho sick are constantly ; being made. The Howard Associations seem to have contributed liberally,; and the Irish Relief Association now solicits aid from all the Irish organizations and soclotics throughout tho country; 'A1- telegram has been sent to His Excellency President Hayes, respectfully requesting him to exercise his discretionary power "appointing a special committee of the oldest physicians and chemists in tho country to investigate scientifically; the cause, nature and and future prevention of this " treatment, fearful epidemic. The dispatch is signed by) a number of prominent gentlemen of . .'. J ..' T, Memphis. - : -- " . X . . 