... W O MAN-'- , ... EXP ON ENT S 0. ul that we live in a glorious day when God has spoken from tho heavens, and that wb have good men and women to instruct us in the path which leads to life and eternal bless Bister-SnoSalvation We feel to say-G- od and all the sisters and brethren who arejaboring continually xfpr: the Welfare of -- - BEPORTfl; fyfl. can . in the good work in which they aro en- gageu, auu uiau wiuiug iu ucip anu susiain. those who. preside over them. There is a . -- , That you Should jjot think that-weLadies M. L A, of Ephraim are not a wake Jo our calling, having: never heard from us through your valuable paper, IslialfFifte? " brief account of cur proceedings, during the time since we were reorganized, which is a littlo overa year since. About the time . the work on the Mariti Temple was com-- : menced, we instituted a monthly the-YpuD- gr ! ten-cen- t; towards thftt-JemplOy-in- g-an- ious to aid in so great a work, which is a privilege, that wo enjoy, as a people, for which .wo should ever bo thankful,, and do all we can to forward its progress in order that we may he worthy.: of the 4 blessings that will be given therein. By putting our ten cents together, it has brought us, up to u the present, $28.80. Wo havo also donated, ten dollars for the relief of our destitute g brethren and sisters in Wales, who are for the. want pf daily bread, trying. to appreciate how abundantly wo are blessed ; with the necessaries and. comforts of life. The last time our, clear departed Presi. dent visited us in Sanpete, ho counseled us to make our, own hats, and da aU. we -- could towards; eingselfustaiong;il)is. - we do: as faraszwe. cIIKelrlyTAiire members of our association make, their own hatsf wo tdsolmake gentleman's straw hats" "Hand try to supply thpCo.op at 7th. Is place with them. .A couple, of our girls are fur-- ; -- nishf ng, usjwUh JteauUful artiial flours,: so when we raise our .own silk, we shall be ; ableto, produce as neat, a . hat as any of could ;wish to wear, .wtyehiwill indeed bo. the workmanship, pf , our own hands. ....- -: "Vy'Kold oUr meetings weekly which are always well , attended, and, mapy4 good in- structfons are given from time, to time; in better ; fact, wo think that: our meetings-arthan any pthersj; for evcry i word that alls from tho.Hps of a young. girjr while sj)eak-in- g of the goodness of God, seems to come from the bottom of the heart, and, as it , . ' were, takes root in the hearts of the hear- - , ? , ; ? suf-ferin- , Zipn. 1 ".. i -- e . CrS. ; ; Wo should try to appreciate these improvement associations forthey are schools in which we, are preparing ourselves to fol low In the footsteps of our mothers, when they shall have passed behind tho yaili for wo know that they cannot always be with .. us, to bear the burden of the day, and this . kingdom will , still , roll on; consequently,", when fathers and mothers have passed away, their work. must necessarily fall upon the shoulders of their children; ;; ft The Exponent h always vyelcomd to our meetings. AVishingyou continued success, r l am yours, etc.,: , , ; - . Kate Madsen, Secretary. Clarkbton, Cache Co., May 10, 1878. Editor Exponent. 1 would jnotjet ;Jhjrprejimojiwtuuity" bf- unnoticed: The sisters here have teu wished Sister r and had their them, desires yesterday they gratified. Bisters Snow and Davis held a meoting with us at 10 o'clock a. m, yesterday, and truly it was a feast; Sister Snow said she was afraid she would keep us late Without our xlinners, but we were being fed with the words of eternal life. Netiily all the brethren and sisters In the settlement" pass - Eliza-Kr:Snowto- visit 1 were Jtrust wo will profit by ' the instruction given; we shouldfeel thank- -' present,-an- d ; yMaySheUyo.many; years yet to counsel and instruct the mothers and dagh-:teii- 8 f ;Zlqn. The subjects Spoken upon by Sisters Snow and Davis, were Home Indus- tries, the home education of our children,-savinof grain, dress and Celestial Marriage. We have but very little of the fashion of modern civilization among us here. )uivortby-Bi3hopandr- " ; g B -- Newton, each made a few remarks and promised to assist the sisters all they could, to establish home industries; we have but very little of the outside influences among us here, and nothing to hinder us from liv. ing pur TeligionVand being a happy people. We have a good prospect ' of a bountiful harvest, the health of the people is good; we have a healthy climate and everything Saints encouraging to the Latter-daWo feel to sympathize with you in your late bereavement, but we have a hope beyond the grave,"' we know in whom wd ' ;:: trust. y persons sat down to well filled tables, and did ample justice 1 to the choice viands placed beforerthemheTevenlnrwaaTpt" in dancing, singing and listening' to short speeches from the brethren and sisters; we truly had a glorious time, one long to be remembered. Our grain committee of three sisters, appointed about a year agp, fin their position well, they are doing a good work in storing grain, having pn hand at present, one hundred and sevehty-fiv- p bushels; we also have an interest in the sheep herd of thirty. five doflars which wo intend turn-ininto wheat. Our . Quarterly Repert Is g as follows: -- PreVfc Sec' y. Mary Griffin, Jane Godfrey, , Donations in merchandise Sundrifi?.. ..... ......w.w. .......... Sisters Labor..,..;;...... ' . . ever we meet together either In testimony teacher, or work meetings; , alsp in pur social gatherings. We held a party ia the Social Hall last March" in honor of the Su- perlntendent, Assistants and Teachcra of the Sunday Schoolrto show our appreeiatibn of their labors arnpngst our children. At four o'clpck, p. m., upwards of : two hundred . 1 : good feeling manifested In our Society as a w r: Total, San Pedro River; Tim a Co, Arizona; : pp. r; h The sisters of this place were organized "ihTo a KeHef So C. Merrcll, Arpil 18, 1878. Mrs." Cyren Mer-re- ll was appointed, President, Rboda Mcr: roll and Cyreua Stut Counselors,' Maria Secretary, Millesa Merrell, Treasurer; we also have Teacher; we IniVe not many members, numbering but twelve in all, but we are going to try and do something in pur weak way. We meet twice a month and have excellent meetings; we are living in, or working in the United Order; we do hot eat at one table, but have six rooms finished so that we; are very comfortable. There is an excellent spirit manifested in our cump,all feel well and are trying to live near to God and keep His commandments, We are so far away from head quarters that we need to live our religion or the adversary would take advantage "of us5 for he is for weak places. J Watching ' Dear Sister we all feel to sympathize with In but know that it Is loss, you your great ' ,- Mc-Ra- e, - , her gain'.'. ." r . We receive the Exponent regularly and it Is read with interest by both brethren and sisters; it has really bee com. ha great ' ' to all. ' v fort and blessing ' This is a beautifdl Country, our grain looks well, and, we are getting along as well as could be expected; - There is plenty of hard work for all: We thought we should like to have our names associated with the rest of our sisters in the good cause In which the women of God are enlisted. ; 8 . : ' Maria Melt a e, Secretary. Cedar City, Ikon Co., .May 9th, Editor Exponent:?Wo held - ; 62J 10 A. Qn VV 9 50 20 02f : Disbursed........................ 3 46 Balance, -- 1 G ' ;:fMayr(ji878: -- Editor Exponent: . $ 1878; " v our Quarterly meeting on the 18th ult.; there was a large attendance and a ve ry good spiri tpre vailed ; the presidency gave some excellent teachings In rela. tion to home Industry, economy, union, etc." Several of the sisters expressed their feel ings,and are anxious to do all the good they ' 25 56 Amount now in Treasury......... - The sisters Jbiri with Tine 125 56 J ia kind regards and heartfelt sympathy for your great . ; J M. A. JjUNT,jCor. sec'y, The General Retrenchment Meeting in the fourteenth Ward Assembly Rooms, Saturday, May 25th, was well attended, and a spirit of unity and good feeling tya3 plainly Indicated by the remarks of the sisters. Counselor E. R. Snow presided, and after the usual exercises she addressed the meeting; giving an, interesting account of her visit to some 'of tho settlements north, and the cordial and hospitable reception everywhere given to herself and Mrs. Davis, who accompanied her. Miss Snow also spoke earnestly upon the storing of grain, and suggested to, the sisters the propriety of raising beans for the same advised the sisters to use their utmost influence with the brethren to have beans It could be made Counselor Zina D. Young practicable. made a few remarks on the subject of raising beans, and Offered to lend out some for seed, of a very good : kind.' Mrs.: Phebe W. Snow pf Brlgham'City, spoke Upon the s principles of tho Gospel, her testimony truth and her desire to servo God; The sisters in the congregation were called upon to express themselves and many of them resppnded, speaking uppn faith, hu mllity, pbedlence, Celestial Marriage, and adding testimeny to testimony of the truth of thptter-da- y workFJ Mrs." Mary Freeze -gave a short "sketch: bf her recent vislt to pur--pos- e; planted-whereve- r 1 of-it- :- - the Eastern States, and referred to the strong testimony she had borne, wherever opportunity offered on the subject of plural marriage. The sisters are growing and increasing rapidly in Spiritual strength and "power, and will seen be a mighty phalanx in the midst pf Israel. Their power and influence lor good throu gh" the channel of these organizations is a positive fact lablch ia fast gaining recognition i:l: cL - --- V - 