WOM tANi' S - j-eap- never-Ioosencd.ba- , rriTonelyanaim Think, when he trims bis lamp, That thus he trims his life as well. ' And hastens towards his last low cell ' ' 7 Its darkness and Its damp. ;' "." ' ' 2Io who would travel far and long, ' L And keep a stately stride and strong', h; t'Must rest beside the war! t A ceaseless pace at first may "win, But he who halts at. wayside inn At last shall win the day. i WoMAii,3t South Morgan, Nov. 16 "!fi: 1 Editor 'Exponent: " ; o pubUcatioqs-r-th- Exponent, the ,i only wQnians 2 3. R.; Snow's. poems, and, the yfo man's Bpokjf the hA M righaxbiin knpw-j- , ' ih. 1 i the-parerjt- - . 5 ; Then ye who hope to make your mark cold and dark, Ere your last night-fal- l, And stand above the throng ; height of thought, Oq some far, Or do some deed ho hand hath wrought M! Work, rest and so be strong. May peace, and the blessing of God bo in ' the hearts 'arid habitations of all whor are iritdf ested1 in the work of tho Lord, is the ' ': v'prayerx)f: 't;';:t;; ' Mi'isABELtiAlIoRNEPxesiderit; sun-kiss- ed Elmina S. Tayloii, SEBEPTA ,- m HEYWOOD, Thinking4a:few linesl would .iipt be out of place justttojlet you; knowhat we have been .doingt.here,ip8ubjoinf the foUowihg : ThoBister3.in this place feel desirous to do all in their power for the furtherance of and. Jn carjand glorious work thisrfat ' rying but th(v iristfuctibris of bur beloved Ffesident iri" sfof frig grain. Several ' have had gralti sovniUnT:theifrhTJpetTdf getting a good crop, but owing: to grasshoppers and irost it is not so good as lit otherwise might ihave been,. but still byi the blessing of Our Heavenly Father,: wei have raised t in this bushels which,' is ; carefully place ifty-six, stored in a4bin. in, the: Co-o- p store, placed-.there- , by. the society that it nqight.be kept , separate and distinct from any, thing else; to our future; prospects wevi intend to do jas all we can both in raisinjgheatA and by do nations. , We have, a sew ing meeting once ;AWeekr. aiibusmessjmeetlngpnce a month, when ihe'teachersIve in their reports,: these meetings are well, attended, and each member seems desirioris to do all the good they 'ji&tij fa jcbunsellrig and guid. . ing.the young in the ; paths of truth , and virtue;"" That everv "effort that is ' beinc made for th e 'good of th i s work may b e crp wn e d wi th success is the prayer of your sister in tho ; " I V'-'"':- , these Wors will give the youth a whatients.Iiao endufe ledge 'sjablishj the g03peQnthe .lifje ryfn,'i()l earthly Much wlU'be requirpd at the haids s bf fof theteachirigsandjexam-ple' UXh t tHey igive their children: aiV 1877. -- lister? .1 tin. ; R.Sr:REPORTS. n .ipaper published in Zion, pur chnrclL works, ( i arQ-li- U profit. v. Sustain our own ; woorr font all streams are deep, All roads are rouilr, all hills are steep, 1 As way worn travelers know One hour of rest is a precious boon 7s f v To bim who toils; through heats of noon, With painful Eters and- slow. Mary. GrantsvilleJ Dec. 31st, 1877. nd rp.ds nfldol-- ; lars sent out ot. this count ryi every year for trashy literature in which . there is no cohvinced.that-therQ- ,. Vn " right. " own-literature.- :. Let him who burns his miJnfbt oil ' sisteritly I to; ( help them obtain; theirs.: If theyjhbuld take the' Tight of Franchise from "us, It wi;l be the death blpvv to the women of the StatesM ever 'bWairiing that home-indus-- -- 3 123 r Too little rest, too little sleep, ' Too many fconra to sow &n& hu; y- AUait disease and pain! Weak; grows the strongest ropes part, strand by strand, Beneath a ceaseless strain. ; i X PONE! NT. We shall be pleased to visit the different It "Isonveriient tdthe 'Socieire3rieyei Societies for us to do so.: We would say to the Presidents, Bo dillgeut in laying before the sisters the ; necessity of doing all ' they can to f promote the' interests of Zion, by 1 sustaining our Institutions of - Wo are try, as well as our t BEST.. ';!B -f- -- -- 1 tW1. $ : , ; RSOF PBEDETIrEMBfi TUE Relief Society-- ; op Salt TiAKE STAKE or ZlON, trREETtNG J..'' To THE ! ; REMONSTRANCE. they want to ,; take - away our right of Franch isejlp theyjand why f will you please tell me? A few yars ago they wanted us to have the right of franchise, crying the 1 Beloved Sisters : Throiiglf revelation from God the Prophet Joseph Smith organized the first Society of sisters in this last d ispensationr saying to tho'peoplo that the Priesthood was not firmly established on the earth, without an organization of this ! s -- ( Our legislature 'granted their de. r Ires and have exercised eigh tyears f our Tigbtsj;what selves ; privilege should be "tafeeri1 frbfri its? -t - - .. fran-chis- co-labor- ers J ; ! 2 : I -- Ido-wqv i hav-"irigrf- he 1 d- I ; j i i ' law. ..; - :.: :.: , -- i ? We feel thankful to the women of the 'States for their noble efforts to stop the pas- sage of any bill thatj will deprive us of our 'rights; and are willing to do anythlng.con- - 1 gospel, SVe have not even abused bur enemies in the bnJy paper wo publish, Viz;," the Exioi?ent, we have never noticed in any way 5tho abuse and slang of our enemies; but treated it with the silent contempt it deserves; we have been moderate in all things, re. joicing in our emancipation thankfully accepting the blessing as a precious right, too precious to be trifled with, or abused.- Those, who have observed will :tell the women of the world: that the women of Utah haye improved rapidly since receiving that blessing ; so much so as to astonish any thinking mind. They have leaped upward: tak-- , ing their, place side by side with mannot e in antagonism but as helpmeets. The here in Utah Is , developing powers in wromen that will astonish the world, an(i that soon. It will settle the vexed question as to the superior, intellect of man over woman. Sirjco.the women have voted the Territory has not gone backward, neither ; have we forced ourselves into public notice ..by abusing the men nor elbowing our way regardless of their rights, we have endeay-ore- d to act as sensible women, by Voting for those whom m felt best qualified to fijl the offices. Judging from what I. ria,v observed no man should be afraid of women" right of franchise,Tit eight years of - freedom has not begiin to develop 'anjr evil f tend encyl think it will " be alpieco of era- el ty to deprive us of that right; In .con-- i tradiction of all the lies written and spoken rabout us, we are among the .most law-abiIng and virtuous women on the face of the ; earth, for we tiuly:try to Jive Shove the ( ' ' dy " 1 ' en women "of Utah were such do slaves to men that It was necessary to pve U3 the right of the ballot box to free our-- . wri-tro- - " 1 So '. of women should we be?f Faithful in per- forming all the duties devolving upon us as daughters of; God. Sisters, appreciate the privileges wo enjoy, arid the relationship we sustain to God, to each other, and to His kiugdom on the earth? Wo know there are very many faithful sisters, striving with all their mlght to do all that is required of them. To all such wo .' say, God bless you, sisters! and give you strength to do all your hearts desire to doin right- ' : ' ' ... eousness. - ' '' ' 1 .( kind. He gave the sisters roach valuable instruction, and predicted a great utuf e for this organization. In consequence of the exodus from Nauvoo, this Society was broken up. After the Saints were located in these valleys of the mountains President Brigham Young counseled the organization of branches of this Society, in all the Stakes of Zion; arid as the kingdom of God progresses in a mor Complete organization throughout all the different Slakes of Zion, so by the counsel of our late- President are thellelief Societies being organized with a Presidency over the several Stakes of Zion, to meet once in three months and have Reports read from the different branches of the Relief Society through the county. As we have been, elected to preside over this county, wo feel much need of .the Spirit of God to enable us in, our weakness tq discharge our duties in this position, , Wo feel truly: thankful that through the blessing of our Heavenly Father, we, His handmaidens are called to be with our brethren1 In building up the kingdom of God upon the earth, in assisting to build Temples, wherein we can Teceive blessings for time and eternity.' In all the ordinances received in the Houso of? the Lord; woman stands beside the; man, bottufor the living and the 'dead, showing that the man is riot without the woman nor the woman without th e man in t ho -- Lord. Then what manner i 1. ; -- S. 'A. Rawxe, Secy.; St. John, Malad Valley, -. ri Dec. 27th; 1877. Editor Exponent; ; --- -' ' 1 : I !.rneeing: .was called on. the 24th of November, 4br the .purpose of organizing a lleiief ' Society; Bishop 'fpuuiprdj;an(l'; ' Pre-'sidi- ; -- Elder Lewis and 'other J3lb!ers ng were , officers were' chopresent. , Tho following ' ' ,J sen. ' ' Pf esideritv ", !':; ' Mary :A!nV Kent, Mary'Jamep,1- -; y' councelors ; ' Elizabeth WilHams, T " Ann DlshanJ Treasurer i ' . rnj Two : Secretaries and six teachers have 'also been chosen.?- - Bishop Dunford gave' us some r excellent "counsel- and spoke iof tho evil of aud bado us be faithtruo to all our callings.-- ; Eider Lewis ful and and Counselor Bees have since met with us, and given us some excellent, counsel with lr v regard to oun duties..- : " r: "j We are a small; branch; but bv exertion and faithfulness we shall, we trusty increase in numbers and good works.;.fWe intend to read; your paper in pur meetings;: I receive ,min from the Malad Branch, but hope soon 40 subscribe for "mote and Lreieiva' them: ' ' 1 ? - talc-beari- ng 7 - 1 "" iiorn'" TMay God bless jBainr,;1;:: - and ' ZLSld: P Marv .. ( . faithful Ann Ken"t , BioiiiNa.A'litUb daughter had watched with interest the unfolding of flowers d rden, seeing5 a change to bud n a a in short "rose' ,frbma timey One dayfshe saw" a 4urkeyroostcr suddenly expand his tail into a fan, in the act of strutting when shb ran to her moth-'- er and"exclaiinedr Oh, mother, I have just seeH a turkey bloom out. ' .' rose-blosso- m full-blow- ' 