V'M ii- tv. v ; ' ' ' Vol.'?.' ' Willi; ' self-sacrificin- with my conscience ' In a place where time had ceased 1 nd we talked of my former llvinrf; : J , Wbere endless years Increase. j ' '' And I knew! should hate ttanswer : ; Vr The questions It put to me t i And to face the questions and, answers Throughout an eternity. - f The ghosts of fori otten actions . Came floating before toy slht And thlnga I thought wore'dead thlnffa ' Were allrei with terrible might. ;:',' t j. t (till!-;,f. . v,T " And theftvision of my pastllfo ' f.,;4.:.,. Was an awful thing to" face, t , ; . i Sitting aloue with my Conscience! In that solemn and silent place. :; And thought of a far-awwarning, Of a sorrow hat jras to be mine, In a land that was in the future; r a And now Is the present time, , And I thought of former reflections, , ' What the Judgment day weuld be,' : Jut sitting alone with, my conscience Seemed Judgment enough for jne And I wondered as to the future, In this land beyond theVraVe" i Cut no one epsJce an answer, i: No one came forward to save. - - Then I felt that the future was present, And the present woi?ld nevfr go p7i :' i For the awful weight of my past life. 1 1 ! ay . '. ? -i- s j;rfR Then I woke from n?y. fimfly dreamingi And tho vWon passed away; tlHT.' , v And I knew the far oft warning t f: '!Was a warping of yesterday. J And I praXmay npUoifg et lit .t , f it faUxia land.' befor' the gaveyi--That l may tfotr ckll In the future, '' r And no one come to7 save - , , '- -' -- 1 s - 1 I learned it'dreamlngV (0 ITjope forget no more.; j ; it:' f And although i, n ..,,., . .7 , , V i -- . Mary What, 'I j on-he- IFor the ExrbsExr; ,n TIIE: INTEQRITy.OF. .BUTH. i t What , Christian is ithei;; of whatever creed who baa noli admired tho character of Rath? She is imrno.rtalij0d Jot sl&t con. stancy toner mother, .Naomi, anoffor her devotion. to , her husband's vpeopifj. The Christian women .allVover.rjie civilized world hold her up as aentations of her beauty, her 8 Wjeetnesf grace, are given in many ways and forms; and her strong affections so Impress themselves upon womankind,' that Buth ia really oie of the most striking illustrations to be given characterizing? Christian women. But what if. to day any woman should en. act the parr of Rutrjiiterally, and insist as shedld, and'as Nabmi1 her mother.imlawf' did. on the strict performance ,of the law being carriednrwith-rfel'ewhy, the modern world would be horrified and would want special legislation to bearbecause it would bo i'so ' brought degrading they could not possibly endure it any ldnger'.oFortunately ;fdr Ruth,' she died thougands ofyeara tgo;Tor if she had lived she would have been cast out as evU; fbtinihisr highly enlightened NineJ teenth century let no woman dare bo as (o-da-y- -- Irhrllri1 . I.rtighf tohkve known beforer f ' ' '''! - -M - And so I have learned a lesson' ; - all-th- 1 1 h, re-rea- r - - - -- t .1 r may be allowed understand the Scrip-- 1 tures for- ourselvesrRuthunderstobd'the law of Celestial Marriageand waa willing to be obedient therountoy and she everi condescended to f marry an old man. But we must Jio w we follow Ru th's example, only we may talk of her integrity ,.Jier purity,: her constancy, and :down to the end of time'We maylquote her words so touching and beautIfal,'WhIther. thoa goest,-!fo"i - bere i f ; No. 12. M ' I l6dgestl willlodgoi thy peoplu shal 1 be my people, gnll.Uiy.Ood' my God." Rest assured, -- my. Christian friends, that Ruth kheW Boaz "to bo. a man of God, a man boundj)y the holy and solemn covenants to jircitect virtue and chastity, in ; woman ;Tandlthlhkuthat ' all those who are so outraged by the prac- larjGn: tice of plural , marriageamonjr UherMor-mon- s, had .. better, ceas holding t up as models the charadte'r ahd women;of In V VXie" ' ;anhient Jlmes, 4rWoriMo .told, rwomen ministered In 'Templesas An;tbQ.proph-- ; etess who wentynot lypDor' night. boes any 'of our wi3efH4ahd Twomen know what sho ot (h vps$v to business-lia'd"wome'- n ' fact, what business ijrfd build Temples at all? tleV! iniis t iiaVo cosfe! enormous sums qt money." , -;- rfl , men daib' And how 'iq '.these uays'.tq reaotj in the Bible of the great 'deeds and works' of women, thoso pure wemen .with Wnom -- 4 ? s angels conversed ; women wero judges and prbph'e'tesser-fnth- wonder that their mbutbH werVrioif stopped ? It Is. Exceedingly lueky for them that they lived soiohg ag6J for had they dared to do such things in these-day- s they would have been called to accountv But what of the Book of Joel, 2d chap., "the prophecy V J ( ;, topassfaf a vcrser 28th : "And it shall come terwards that I will pour out my spirit upon, all flesh; 'and your! 'daughters4 shall prophesy your .old men, shall dream dreams ana yo uroungmQrL;sri.8evi8Qii . and-ypurso- -- ns" Don' t yoii thirothai Christian mlnistersL will ba fllarmp.tl wnnn in a vrnmc wnmon begin to(1 ppphesy, and wit 1 1 not Jbe- veryr unwomanly, and4 eniirel qtraryj to "Mad-- r ame .Grimdy? 'I'm ,Verymuchr afraid 'it willj And the newspapers and iftejour--, nals will write them up as vermin young women, because they have dared to step out of their sphere rfor certainly mo more a pari pf prophesying-ithan lecturing or preaching tsV All honor and; praiseioL Ruth foifier Integrity1 to tho" law of Gdd,'ahd iionor and praise to the snoblo women otio-d-a who maintain their integrity to.the.Iaw of God, though persecutiop Lwax stopgiJagainst tiem,nd thelrnames.be cast. out ias eviL r - rlouse-keepi- s f ng ; .1 .i ti ........ ? - ill 4 , will go. and whero thou re-produc- 8 ; . ... r . - g Then the past, but never why are they models, and how aro wo to be benefitted by their example, if : wf may not imitate it? Who does not know that Ruth not only was anxious5 to becomo the Wife of Boaz. but that eho instructed by Naomi, actually wooed him herself, and that in a way and manner Which to madern fashionable women would be entirely unwomanly and lacking in modesty. And y et all good Christians reverencejthe character ofjRuth; they emblemize her in poetry; in prose, in , , painting and in statuary. I would advise all those ladies who feel consltrainedio to d tho history of Ruthj SarUh j'Han-naRachel, Leah,' and the holy ilw'omeii of old. 1 would call their attention to the 10th and 11th verses of tho 3d chapter of Ruth: : .i Blessed be thou of the Lord, my daughter; for thou hast shewed more kindness in the latter end than in' the beginning, inas: much as thou followedst not young men, Whether poor, or rich.p rri;-- ; ijliUi; "Aud now, my daughter,' fear not; I will do toithee at thou requirest;ibr ail the city of iny people t doth knovv tha thou art a virtuous woman." : It isr evident what tte written ,tbt t frqm4 the whole' cbn it seems jBoaz comprehepde she 'de-sired ,'rrfage with; n'liiL How very indiscreet was' the widow Ruth, young and fair and full of grace, and abounding in affection a she was to wash and anoint herself, and put raiment,- and go and lie down at the feet of 3i inau and 'actually propose to him that he take her to wife.' ' Wopld not modern society be shocked by ih'e conduct 'of any young wbmari who did the.works 6i Ruth? And dpn you' think that Ruth should havo been compelled 'to or : a Court1 of go beforo the Grand-Jur- y, Justice, and tell them why she washed and anointed herself (it is apparent Ithatl: she had an object in doing so) and whaVsbrt of raiment she put on when she Went anor laid - ; down at Bpaz feet? However, the Lord blessed this peculiar Marriage,- and; through .this' lineage1 came the Christ, the blessed. Savior of the world: Does any one supposo that a fnan as true and just and 'exact in observing the law of kinship in regard to i posterity would: himself bb willing to die without? Ruth's-chil- '' , , at them. AVhat does' it mean? That these are women of a type and class only to be cherished as a thing of ' 4 j-- Will bo pointed 1 -- Ikmeaneternltyr,' .- :- ' and brave and heroic, or as unselfish as rKutbVorvthey. and despised by these lovers op bujrity(?). - We are, told by Christian teachers in the world to imitate tho examples of the illustrious women of the Scripturesjybut; let any one do so in reality, the finger 'of scorn jMY.CQNSCIENCE. r -- SALT JlABLB CITY, UTAH KOY. lH, 1878. I sat Alone . ; '' f: - n ysf T V - ' . AXlflVBill,. IFor the Exponent. ALONE - 7 . ;, : .t A iv iLishtninfiravfilfi . Tinnt-lv. ouitlMWU ilLUCS h mfiilAn faster than thunder. Tho speed of light-; ning is so great that it Would go 480 times round the earth in aminute.: Whereas the sound of thunder would go scarcely thirteen T miles Lin:; the same: space of time. Thunder will take a second to travel 380 l yanis, nenco a popular rhethoa ofappfdxl-matin- g the distance of a ahnn'der cloud is as follows: Immediately you see. tho light-- 1 Jiing flash, put your hand.upbh your pulse" and count how many, times it beats before you hear the thunder; if if beats six pulsations the storm. is a mile oftyif twelve satlons'it is two- - miles- off, and so oiil pul. 'In' thel caie of elderly people nearly the same period of time1 as'iix ln the case of young" people. n . "t - five-pulsation- s ?ould-measure -A- 