B. S. REPORTS. EditoH ExroNEMT: - I expect you have never heard of has Belief Society, or if you have it not been through any proper channel, I thought it would be a good plan to try and represent ourselves in a small degree. ourI for hope you may find some excuse long silence, for I have none to make, but I feel to begin now; the oloVjgeJeJter Hold-e- n Our Society has not been dead, although not represented; we have done considerable in our way, such as relieving the poor, when and where It has come to our knowledge that such t'elieY'waa5eedea,Tnaal8d' in helping to build Temples and gather the poor from the nations as far as we havo had means to do so. The sisters all seem to feel well, and almost without exception desire to do their duty Wefeel that the Lord has blessed and prospered us In our undertakings. Wo have a house in progress of erection, that will be an honor to our Society when completed. We also have a small Society Store in operation; it has been running a little over one year; it was started under Bro. CaUister's counsel, and so far it has proved a success. We are . selHo lay ;upheaty4)ut as thia is not a grain raising district wo have our wheat to buy, consequently the work goes on slowly, yet wo feel.d ejterm I ned to do all we can in this direction. We hold our working meetings twice a month and our Sunday meetings once a month. They are generally well attended, and a good Bplrit prevails among us. Our Prefddent and her Counselors are active and energetic in the performance of their duty. Hoping that we may b3 raoro punctual do-in the future in reporting'ourselves and in us, ing all the duties that are required of rest we pray that the blessing of God may upon all the Relief Societies in these moun. tain?. We remain your sisters in the Gospel of peace. - Fanny N. Johnson , Counselor, Joanna C. Teeples, Treasurer. Lake Town, Rich fnrmerlv. and wo hope to see the day when Wo have now we shall raise lots of fruit. ' plenty of gooseberries, currants, strawberries, &c. A few years ago there were very few young girls here, now there are quite a number. We should be very glad to see a Y. L. M. I. A. established among them; they are good girls, and should, have every advantage calculated to benefit and improve Co., them. I- - am-ver- y respectf E. L. Crowtiier, Secretary. ully-your- s, Fairview, Sanpete Co., July 15, 1878. Editor Exponent: will not be their last Our financial condition is as follows: DisburaementvTo Manti Temple... .$50. 00 10. 50 To Meeting'Hou3e;".ii"ii.'i ... ... .". . . -- ... .. 17. 50 To the Poor... . . 7. 75 To Welsh Emigration... . Total meeting in the usual attend manner. All who meetings seem to take a lively interest in them, and express a determination to do all they can lor tho advancement of this great work. Very few take the Exponent, but they are determined to subscribe for it, as it is a good enterprize. We had an excellent- treat on the 19th. Slateri Horne and Heywood were out here, and gave us some very good counsel and instructions, as they always - do. The donations ana a lstmrsemenw iot id e Quarter were as follows: Received in Merchandize ......$11. 20 4. 35 ,, vsuou. .... f We hold our meetings once In two weeks, and a spirit of union prevails. On the 24th of June Miss E. R. Snow and Mrs. Zina D. Young of your city, Mrs. M. A. Hyde of Spring City, and Mrs. Amelia Goldsborough of Nephi, paid us a visit and held meeting. The Spirit of God was poured out upon them, and we had truly a time of rejoicing in listening to the good counsel that flowed from their lips. They were indeed welcome visitors, and we hope their first visit -85. 75 12. 80 15. Total Disbursed In merchandise to poor.... 6. We hold receipts for capital stock in Co-o- p Store, $197. 97. Tannery, $10. la In book entitled "Women of Mormondom," $25. We have also some socks and quilts on hand. Wishing you all success In the good work you have begun, and may God bless all His faithful Saints, is the earnest wish of your sisters In the uospei, Telitha avert, 1 Secretaries. 8. 05 Total disbursed Amount of this Quarter's donations 7. 50 Qon hand in cash and merchandize Amount of last Quarter's donations on hand in cash and merchandize 3. 70 11. 20 Total amount In Treasury Hoping this Report will be satisfactory, I will say God bless you all, is tho prayer of your sisters, Mrs. R. A. Despain, President, Miss Ella E. Despain, Secretary. HiJrllKAlM, lUUc Though somewhat tardy, on account of inability to write through laming my hand, I send you an account of our Quarterly Conference as regards business matters. The sisters meet every two wedks, and we have splendid meetings. Our President, Mrs. S. A. Petersen, is always on hand for duty, and has a willing band of officers to carry out her counsels, which are always for the building up of the kingdom of God. REPORT OF RECEIPTS. Logan City, July 9th, 1878. $ 78. 55 Monthly donations in sundries 109. 58 Sunday eggs 29. 42 Cash donations for Wales.. For Scandinavian Mission.it......... 59. 58 41. 00 For apple and mulberry trees 00 Means from parties... 23. 00 . Quilts made Editor Exponent: At our last annual meeting held June 5th, Elzabeth Benthe officers were son, President, Louisa B. Benson, and Lucy Cardon, Counselors; also a President and Counselors for each of the five Wards; until now, there has been but little if any four years. change in the officers in the pastmost of the Our meeting was attended by Inre-elect- July 4, 1878. Editor Exponent. ed. u Kennie Ballip, Sec'y. Granite, Salt Lake Co. Editor Exponent. The second Quarterly Report for tho year 1878. Wo meet once in each month and 381. 13 Total, Bishops of Logan, who jrave us good structions. The report of the financial condition of the Society was read, showing disbursements to the poor for the past year, $142,65; to Logan Tabernacle $143,35; to Logan $101,55; Temple, $63,95; cHsh on handshare in Z. on $107,65; hand, merchandise C. M. I, $130. We have also one hundred and fifty bushels of wheat. We hold gen. eral meetings once a --month, and meet in each ward for working twice a month. There are a number of sisters who take a lively interost in the work, attending their monthly and working meetings regularly. The Exponent is received In each ward and read with pleasure, loio. J Editor Exponent: Co-o- p LjOIS ANN WILSON, 55 30 1. 00 . 75 Disbursed in Cash to poor! Cash on hand We have stored for Zion 225 bu. of wheat. Utah, "Procrastination is the thief of time," so wrote one, beforo me, and I can endorse its truth; I ougnt to have represented our Society to you before now. We were organized into a Relief Society Feb. G, 1877, We have a General Meeting the first Monday in every month, a Teacher's Meeting on the last Monday, and a Sewing Meeting overy alternate Thursday. The Saints here are not overburdened with this world's goods, noth withstanding we feel it a substantial good to have a Relief Society, for besides developing latent good In the sUters and storing their minds and memories, it is a help4o our Bishop, in relieving him of the care of the aged, and sick, and poor. -- We have made a very small beginning in storing grain. Bro. Weston klndljr offered us a bin in his gran, ary, and we shall try to fill it. This is a. very lovely place, everything looks green and bright, and the lake, spreading out northward as far as tho eyo can reach, gives Jt character and beauty. I regret to say the .grasshoppers have been very, busy here. Jn times past, and are oven now show Ing their appreciation for bur tender lettuce, fcc The frosts are not as severe here as . withour proceed Feb. 17, 1878, until May 17, 1878: To the Temple In MantI, 45 yds. - Linsey 2 pairs Socks........ 2 pairs gloves.... 1 pair mittens..... .,nt vuuvs .V .$ 38. 70 ! ? 17. 00 58- - J To Scandinavian Mission..;........... 167' 29. 4U To Welsh Mission To poor at home, in. rent, , provisions, bedding, fuel, graveclothes 115- rz and cash 00 For mulberry and apple trees........ Total, - Total, 85 Still on hand, twelve yards of homemade cloth, 800 bushels of wheat, and one share in uo-o- p Biore. Respectfully, your sister, Agnes S. Abmstrono, Sec'y . 