penses; and her exampleof diligence and severance is worthy of imitation. Miss Paul is a young lady of exceptional ability, and deserves to succeed. We trust, though she has gone out alone, sue will win her way , and thoroughly qualified to take an hsmoiable position as a lady physician. We were sorry to part with her, as she was an efficient typo, hut she shall have our best wishes fur the attainment of a higher position. There will be a Territorial Fair held in Salt Lake City uuder the au?pices of the D. A. and MV Society, in which the ladifs are solicited to take part. The following J ad it shave been appointed a committee to take charge of 4he department of woman's work. Mrs. JStaines, Mrs. Sarepta M. Hey wood, ) Died, at Fillmore City, Sept. 8th, 1878, Jane, beloved wife of Thomas E, King, and daughter of Robert and Rebecca Murrey, Re-becc- re-tu- rn Pris-cilla- permanent home In Utah in 1SC0, making this city, where she has won the esteem and aflcc'ion of all who knew her;, and by her superior talents as teacher and writer, though unassuming, has memorized her name In the M, Societies are solicited to contribute silk and other goods which are manufactured by them, also all kinds of fancy articles, ornamental drawing, painting, or needlework, hair-wor- ' any of these classes of work, as well as domestic manufactures of all kinds. The ladies of the Territory should take pair s to aid in making this Territorial Fair thtUxettbat bus ever been held, and will tljus be conferring a public pood by contributing to encourage home proThe Fair will comductions and home-talenmence Oct. 2d, inthe Ciiy.Market. In ACCORDANCE with a call made by the People's Central Committee far Salt Lake County, a mass oonventlon convened on Saturday, September 28th, at noon, in the Court House, for the purpose of electing delegates to the Territorial Convention. There was a fair representation of the people, though "not nearly as many; O. Calder, Efq, aa we expected to see. rose and called the assembly to order, and the business of organizing the meeting was effected by electing Hon. John T. Caihe, President; Bishop John Henry Smith and Emmeline B. David McKenzie and Wells, Hannah T. King, Secretaries. President Angus M.Cannon offered the opening prayer. The Chairman then read the call and declared the meeting opened for business. The first business transacted was the appointing of a com- mittee to select delegates for the approval of the convention. This committee consisted of five gentlemen ard two ladies, who withdrew for consultation, having been instructed to makejhe selection so as to equally represent all A speech was called for parts of the county. from C. W. Penrose, Egq., who responded in I a few concise remarks upon political duties, the selecting of wise and judicious men to office, the consistency of recognizing women in politics, etc. Judge Snow was called and made some remarks upon the rights of citizens, duties of the people's delegate, the total impropriety of Congress in seeking to control mind, conscience or religious principles. k, -- t. D-ivi- d Vice-Presiden- ts; The committee returned and reported the names of the 18 delegates selected; and as we have not room to publish the names, we will state that the delegation consisted of 14 gentlemen and four ladies. The secretary read the names, and on motion they were sustained by the vote of the convention. The chairman then nominated nine alternates, among whom only one lady's name appeared; these were also sustained by vote. The prescient and secretary were authorized to f urn it h the delegates with credentials of election. C. W. Penrose, tq., then c flered a "Preamble and Rrso- Jution," which was read and adopted as the sense of the convention; We regret we have not space left to publish it, but express our hearty recognition of Its sentiments. A vote of thanks was given to all the acting c Ulcers of the convention, which adjourned sine die. Prayer by Preaf . A . M, Cannon. hearts of many never to be forgotten; maDy of her excellent: articles have enriched the papers of the Mutual Improvement Association. Three weeks previous to her death, not feeling well -as usual, she wished the Elders to administer to her; after the administration we left her resting comfortably On returning she seemed quite overcome, and said a messenger of the Lord had talked with her and showed her many things concerning this Gospel. Her happiness was unspeakable, and the testimony the bore wa that Plural Marriage and the United Order were true, and her desire was to out to the very live to carry letter;" exhorte" ,thcj$s presen E, as t hey val ued the truth and theirTOnor, never to speak against them. The following day she told us she could not Jive; called the family together, . giving instructions to herchildreu, and distributing presents to each; blessing her little children, she affectionately bade us goodby. The vision of her mind was then opened, and the was permitted to see and realize the beauty and grandeur existing beyond the vale, and when she became eensible of her surroundings agairLflbe shed tears of regret, for the idea of coming back to dwell here was loath ome to her. But by faith and careful nursing we were permitted to keep her with us three weeks longer, when the departed this life, realizing the approach of death, though, unableJo talk those-principl- fair brow tba grave has shaded, Rut her soul is with the blest. t a bus-ban- d, aged 37 years and 22 daye. She leaves a five children (the youngest four weeks old), an aged mother and numerous friends to mourn her absence. Deceased was born" Aug. 17, 1841, at Woodstock, Ulster Co., N. Y. Became a member of the Brooklyn Branch of the Churcff at the age of fifteen. Emigrated herself and mother to Mrs. Priseilla Jeiming, Mrs. Abba Rumell, Mrs. Ann IVwey. The ladies of the Relief J One sweet flower has drooped and faded, Ono dear form is laid at rest, OBITUARIES. per- es with us. She has gone to heaven before us; See, she turns and waves her band, 4 T Tointing to the glory o'er us, In that holyt happier land. Resolutions of Condolence, offered by the Young Ladles' Mutual Improveinen Aisocla- tion to the bereaved family of Sarah Rachel Smith. Whereas, He who doeth all things for the best hath bereft us of our dearly beloved sister, friend, and faithful Secretary, and we are desirous of expressing our sincere affection, ro wlSdBympalby ng moth er 9 VkKntKom otofara and rp.Tntf.X7r a wTin aro borAfh rt r her presence for a short season, Resolved, That it is but a just trlbuto to the memory of thedeparted to say, that in regret- tingeTToajweTncurn for one who was ever an example of purity and goodness, worthy of our emulation, and who has endeared herself to us by her many Christian virtues and en;? dearing qualities. we Resolved, That sincerely sympathize with of deceased the the family in their bereavement, and commend them tj the care and mercy of Him who seeth and knoweth all things, and whose hand we feel to acknowledge , in this their affliction. Kesolved , That wefor ward to the family of I the I depa rted the heartfelt testir sorrow and sympathy for the loss of her whom - . - we loved. 2 :' .2'--""1 Sarah A. Graham, Pres't. Amy H. Adams, Sec'y. T Alice Fletcher, Treas. Died, In the First Ward, S. Ii. City, July 3d, 1878, of Inflammation of the bowels Miriam C. Hawkins, wife of Crelgbton Hawkins, and daughter of the late Sisson A. Chase and of 2.2 2 2of Miriam G. Chase. Deceased was born March 3rd, 1849, In Potta- watamie Co., Iowa; came to Utah in 1853. She was a faithful Saint, and a Counselor in I, M. I. A. of the First Ward, who deeply reget her loss, and; who - feel that she was in every way worthy of their respect . en l auai esteem, dub iieaves a nusDanu ana four, children with whom we alLfeel to sympathize for the loss of so good a wlfeand mother. Latter-da- y , the Y. " . May angels guide I be with truth and lovo To that peaceful homo in the realms above; Where loved ones are waiting, with outstretched hatd, To welcome thy coming to that beautiful land. May thy spirit, freed from mortality, Seek knowledge throughout eternity, Till thy crown be studded with purest gems, Far brighter than earthly diadems. D. K. O. -- Thine own will miss the as they onward tread, In the rough path where thy dear feet hath led; r V Friendship will miss thee, but another tie Died, at Mona, Juab Co., Aug. Ilth, 1878, of typhoid disentery, Samuel, the, son of 'Mr. and Mrs. Ostler, aged 5 months and S days. This dear one, our was called early to the arms of J esus, who gathers flowers from every garden. Jesus says, "Suffer lit- vuio uuiu uio, iur oi sucn is vuivuof tvheaven." "Children are an herlt- - " . first-bQr- Died, in the First Ward; Sept. 13tb, 1878, of consumption, Sarah Rachel, daughter of the late Henry Smith and of Martha Smith, aged 20 years and 6 months. Deceased was born at Human's Park, South Africa, and came Jo Utah in the year 1865. For nearly seven years she has been a Sunday School! tcacherwas a regular member of the choir, and Secretary of the Y. D. M. I. A , all of which positions she faithfully filled, until her illness prevented her from doing so, which was a source of deep regret to her. She was a kind and loving daughter and sister, a true and sincere friend, was beloved by all who knew her, and mourned by a large circle of relatives and friends; but while we deeply mourn her absence, we feel that our loss Is her eternal gain. TP Tur for earth, sbe's gone to ' ' " Heaven. 1 ' . n, mo-kingdo- '2 Annie In the 13th Ward of this D. Davis. n! f.tr Rant- - OK. IK ' - Miss CharlottaElise Landgren, of typhus fever, after a most severe illness of three was born in Sweden, June 14th, 1859, and at the early age of 16 years left her parental home and early associations to with the Saints, arriving in the valleygather 23d; July, 1875, in C. G. Xiarsen's company; and while here had been earnestly lahnrfni- in rd va money to send home to help her family towards ' emicratlncr. 1878, weeks-Decease- - L d m 