It. S. REPORTS, The General Retrenchment Meeting in the Fourteenth Ward Assembly Rooms, Saturday, Aug. 31, was one long to be remembered. Pres. M. I. Home, after the opening exercises and reading of minutes, addressed the slstersj relating incidental parts of her visit to the northern settlements. She said the meetings had been largely attended, and the brethren left their harvest fields to come and hear the sisters talk; there are many enegetic and ous of working, in unison with the . sisters In Salt Lake in helping to store up grain, promote home industries and all good works. Coun. E. R. Snow followed, dwelling more largely upon the organization of Primary Associations, and the great field of work open for those who will move in this matter; that in training the little ones, teaching them true and correct principle, we form characters for the Saints of God. Blessed the sisters for their energy, said she was proud of those who were taking hold in earnest to help build up God's king- dom. Coun. Zina D, Young spoke upon and urged the sisters to do all in their power to promote and sustain It: felt that we were all capable of sowing "good seed in the hearts of those we meet from time to time, if we would do so. Coun. P. Woodruff, said we were privileged in many respects above those in the country, and should appreciate it. Spoke "upon diligerice and faithfulness, and also upon the importance of little things, usually considered trifles. Mrs. S. M. Heywood's remarks were mostly upon the children; the movement now in contemplation, which she believed would "result in good; felt that fathers as well as mothers should bo interested in this home-manufactur- e, . matter. Mrs. E, A. Whitney then made some good remarks, alluding to the prophecies of the brethren in the early days of the Church, and their fulfillment, which in many instances had been literally verified in our day. After closing her remarks, sho sang "A song of Zion," which had a most inspiring effect upon the entire audience. Coun. E. Howard referred to Sister Whitney's address as delightful, and recognizedof through hearing it the need of a Saint God being humble and meek, for it was such God would exalt. She thought those who would take an interest in teaching and instructing the children in these Primary Associations would be greatly blessed. Coun. 8. M. Kimball, after adding her testimony to that of the other sisters in regard to her interest in helping to educate the little mes, morally and spiritually, in the the Primary Associations, of the parents, said she wished to mention the condition of Sister Whit ney. "Her days are almost numbered, and it seemed as if a part of herself went out in blessing us this afternoon, and I asked myself if there was a reciprocity of I think blessings for Sister Whitney. and to feel I there should be, say God bless comfort and cheer her Sister Whitney, be her made pathway smooth, heart; may and may honor and blessings be multiplied on her head forever." By request ol Pres. Home, all the sisters present then rose to their feet, Sister Kimball repeated the blessings, and the whole congregation con. firmed It by a hearty Amen. Coun. B. W. Smith said she felt the power of the blessing ot the sisters, and exhorted and-getti- ng co-operat- ion -- the sisters to prepare themselves for the great day of the Lord's coming. Pres. Home made a few suitable closing remarks. Richmond, Aug. 27th, 1878. Editor Exponent. : Wo had a generaLtime of rejoicing when our worthy Sisters E. R. Snow and E. Davis paid us a visit. They held two meetings one in the afternoon for the Relief Society, and in the evening for the Y. L. M. I. Association. They-hand- ed out" tcTus many choice instructions for our good. I trust we may treasure them up in honest hearts; we cannot help saying God bles3 and prosper thine handmaidens "oh Lord who seek to do good all the day long." Our annual report was made on the 4th of June; there was satisfaction among the sisters in" regard to it, although there had not been a great deal accomplished; circumstances known to the society accounted for the little done. We have sought to d Osgood in our humble way, we have striven to do what we have been called on to do, and such is still our desire, and we ever pray God to help us, and we desire the good will of those whom the Lord has appointed to lead us and all Israel. Notwithstanding the storms of wind and rain we have a good harvest ; and our brethren are busy in the field, and at the threshing machine. The grasshoppers are not unmindful of us, arid are having a long visit. Quite a number of young children have been laid away this summer which has caused deep sor-- in the hearts of their parents. "But the Lord giveth and the Lord taketh away blessed be the name of the Lord." We are now having some delightful weather. I fear to I will now ejgoodbye weary you. Your excellent paper is very welcome, and the good sisters of Richmond desire to be remembered to the editor. Yours in the Gospel of Christ, Abigail Pond, President, Betsy Brower, Sec'y. row, WOMAN'S VOICE. Editor Exponent: The subject I have chosen to write upon is of great importance, namely, Our Holy Religion. This is truly a subject that should engage our attention to a much greater extent than it really does; we should strive continually to live nearer our God, to live in such a way as to merit His approbation, that we may call down His blessings upon us and have His Spirit with us at all times; then will all things be easy for us, nothing will be too hard for U3 to perform, no trial too hard for us to endure, for the Spirit of the Lord will sweeten the bitter cup. He does not require anything at our hands that we cannot perform, and things that would seem to be great trials we would then take pleasure in doing. ..My dear sisters, let us rise above. the frivolous things of the world; ind live so as to enjoy the Spirit of God; then we will know what true happiness is. There is nothing in this world brings the joy and comfort that it does to know that the course we pursue is right and pleasing in the sight of our Heavenly Father. We see this fully illus- trated here in the United Order every ! day. The happy faces we meet bespeak their trust in God, for we feel assured He will bless and prosper us in all our efforts to serve Him and keep His commands. We have been truly blessed and prospered in every proceeding since our commencement here. It is very wonderful to see the vast amount of labor that has by a few stalwart sons of Israel, in opening up new farms, and building dwellings. They built a saw mill first, and sawed lum ber to make the frame buildings. They are now building a dining hall, 56 by 28, with kitchen in the centre; when completed we expect to all eat at ono table. All is peace and union here, and all feel as though they were brothers and sisters in. been-perform- ed -- -- deed. Some people seem to think it a great in-f- hi Tthinlr-if- ' o errant in i vp vfvr t J "b " pleasure to live so, and feel that ,we are doing the will, of our Father. He will surely bless and prosper us in all our efforts to serve Him and keep His commandments. None of our number have fallen victims to sickness or disease, we havebeen blessed with health, while all around us they have been called to mourn the loss of near and dear friends. This I esteem as one of the greatest blessings we could enjoy. The Lord has great blessings in store for us, if we will only live up to His laws and if we do not there is no promise to us. Let us be up and doing while the day lasts, for if we do not soon the summer will be past, the harvest ended, and our souls not saved. Now is the accepted time of the Lord; then let us take hold with a united effort and help roll on this work, and never be found fighting against any of the principles of the Gospel. Our Relief Society is in a flourishing condition ; our number is small, but through the blessing3 of God we hope to do much good. We have a great many kinds of fTinl 1 V.MK work under way, which, when,-- finished, we expect to exchange for grain to lay up. Yours respectfully, M. T. Wilcox. July 7, 1878. f Kingston, Piute-e-a, PRIVATE CORRESPONDENCE. San Pedro River, Pima Bear Sister: Co. Arizona, August 7, 1878. We lived in tents and wagons for eighteen months, but we enjoyed excellent health as a general thing, and we havo been blessed with the necessaries of life. The sisters of this place were organized in a Relief Society on the 4th of April; we are few in numbers, only eleven members. We pieced one quilt, and a way was opened to dispose of it; and we believe that if we do the be3t we can the way will be opened whereby we can do much good. We have had Jo postpQneQUr meetings the last three times on account of sickness. There has been more sickness during the last ten months than in all the time before since we left home. My oldest boy has got the chills and lever, as have also several others of the Colony, although this is a very pleasant climate; the winters are so mild; we have month. had considerable rain during the past " This location is much pleasanter than on Salt River. There have been three children born since wo camehere. We can dispose of everything that can be raised, if we get enough to part with. We have put in large crops of wheat, barley, oats, potatoes, onions, cabbages, &c, and the prosare pects are good for a good crop. Egg one cents per dozen, butter seventy-fivdollar a pound. We are surrounded with mining camps, the nearest is twelve miles from here, ana men are passing all the time with plenty oi w money. Hike to receive letters irom from old associates; it is gratifying to hear tho place that was our home so long. Stbeka SteS' Your sister fcc., e . f 