TTO'M FILIAL , DUTY. : Parents are tbe rfche3t. treasures . HeareuWchlld ten : 'towj' r highest Purest passions, sweetest pleasure ' T' ' -From those sacred fetintain flow LNor lOFO'f soft sighj nor blush of tettutf, , . Are so sweet, as filial duty.. . Not the soent of buddinsr roses, " Not the tints of r early dajv - Nor allthefrarrant spring disclosed ' ' . Breathing all the balm of Mayt ;.. Nor love's Bot sigh nor?blusb of beaoty, Are so svreef as filial duty. 1 - ., . " tro-mendo- dress "ojderelegahce'bt'-jrknpprs- , V , lora ' sanction and approval! Her diplomacy for salvation the honor-annation and of-li- d' isof the peopfeV most-refin- er andexalted ed y Son!" "and from that hourr that disciple took her to his own home." After the cru. : cifixion" we hear "no more of" her when she died, or whexe interred, no mention is her tact, her address, her ; prayers', her movements are all made as g with4he. eye upon her! "AH this much mora and is. subject for deep contem-platioaud be it ever borne in mind there wras no murder in her act; she thed not one drop of innocepfe, blood; Holofernes was the r: character; 1 ', -- 1 All-seein- nf But through all they cannot render so lull and so complete. ..; ,. Nor love's soft sigh, nor blush of beauty, Are so sweet as filial duty. made! But- - millipqsi In- - their;: mistaken zeal, have worshipped her, and do this very day, addresslng'heras" Mary,'$Idther of God! Theapger$.saJatatlon;is enough mum thou that art highly favored! blessed art thou among women for thou hast, found favor with God!" enemyr her people, waiting only for the opnotyjbi'ty to destroy them; ho was a,, man, meditating her seduction But- in all her interviews with him, she. held him byy as it were, a fascination! ber beauty her heroic virtue, made avowed, . Blessings, many flow from wealth, Giving mighty power for good; . Legion are the sweets of health, Oivipg life its richest food; But riches, healthy and youth and beauty Fail, if lacking filiaFduty. foul-mind- ed - BY HANNAH T. KING. to:wield a power and has been over him that has called' but the glory of his manhood, --crushed down the, low passions that frayjtJi) him, and rate him upon; a platform from which tie. has never again descended. Has woman th fs m Igh ty power? Yes, indeed , she has, if she, only knew ; the nature God has giveh'herf Judlth deitneatesf this character1 in a remarkable "degree; of course, the Spirit of God ever attehdsr such characters, and 'In His- strength they conquer. In her gl6rious song :of triumph she says, speaking of what Holbf ernes intended to do,-Bthe Armighty iLdrd hath disappointed them , by the hand of a woman I" The women crowned1 her with an olive wreath the; emblem of victoryand sho went before ail the people in: the dance, leadipgvdll tho jWQiuen; aud all the men ot Israel followed in their armor, with garlands and songs j in their mouths." Then follows 3 the ? song-oJudith, which is : full . ofJtotomtitutu a Saint of God, and a soldierr oi.r plaristi And ihh people gave her all the triches pf Holofernes, iwhich she continued. . often-know- iii . - " "And. the 8y riaris had gone ou thy com paniest:jtnd had i brought away" captive out of the land of Israel a little maid, and she waited on Naaman's rwife." Naaman was greatly- - In favor :?withtheJcipgofr1' being7 Captain of the host, and was honor able, because by himithei Lord bad giyen deliverance untQ Syria; he wasr "also a mighty .marr in valor," but "hie was a leper!" How often that little word but causes ttieskeleton to l walk butiofthe secret close t tblV every houseliold, however favored, possesses in a greater 'or less and It seems that the "little maid" mourned oyer kisafflietion for doubtless they were kind andsgood:to her, and she loved them, and was grateful to themand she said to her mistress Vpuld God, my Lord were with the prophet that is in Samaria, for he would recover? hinp'of his appreciatiye. ehUdJ;Of God, andit is sweet r. and beautiful fIn&Jts brief simplicity, and in its glpriousImmprtaiity and? & subject r for contemplation rt to follow "' agef and as an example to 'them ' " ." 'JL I and mltate. ....... fi"fr1 have om I tied, some minor characters 1 '' n .the 01dl!estaent ;totgh vbeyVaje ery interesting and might be 'elaborated;' but Jn small paper,' brevity should be the !noltb; of every writer; far aspbssUlerihaa' !'' -- ? - - - an aphorism that i'brevity Is the bf witr I now pass on'to the Apbbry: ; become1 soul - ' phajarid describe a noble Hvoman75whoser deed-rof,valor1 hkve:rfmm6rtallzea her s name.' '.a I refer to the character of Judith,a -- 1 1 r: e Jfh ithe love of husbanoM And this week, Robert Bakerf Indicted for. bigamy, who admitted in tho.Court of Ses. sions . her In contemplating this character, Joan BArc, Charlotte Corday and others'1 of the same'easte, rise before us, and we feel they Janflveqldf' that within; the last; three or four . years he had married, three wives, was sen. fenced to the penitentiary for four years. ,(J, Only eighteen , months' imprisonment for y ruining an Innocent woman .for life, under . circumstances of the basest deception and -falsehood!: ;jQhlyj four" years for .ruining three women, and, casting.." them, and '.their', childrennthe' world, disgraced, nameless and homeless! These 'arej tbe fruits' of . ; men'js lawTs b a. a. for women! Portland, Me.', Ex. . are disposed to spend more than fthey can afTord; and Ub7 Indulge more than' they can : u :! endured ' ; Piiaise Is seldom paid with 1 willingness, even.to incbntestible merit; and it can )b' no.wonder'that JieSvho calls for (f; wlthbuf desert, is' repulsed with universal indlgna1-- hundred ii,s-- -- ", -- held iuhonor br; the1 whple country. 'She remainedfa ividqw totKe day of her death, wheri tKyyburied or TheeU ;'afe;twb ' difficulties 'of llfemeri people Iri her honor, she ..retiifttedtO'i'her;,ownl ppisessioris, being were made ijy iog an instrument in the hand of God in 1 bringing about; that glorious result htir1 name Is not eveniivem-buth-er "Sexn and: Is Bbe all that occupation is designated by j but the meditaUveimindi Willi draw her picture, as a pure, affectionate, grateful and J . thftVfgreat;.-fa4jting- ; be--' : - ? arid the sequel Was marvelous, for it brought the afflicted manYiiTconiact wi'tK Ithe.- prophet of God, and by hisobedience to his . who,-finding- i f :i' ' - .f.ni ! - " about punFshmerit for thb'; inatf 'whb'abah-"1- ' ' dbne'd" both mother find 'child?' On the other hand,1 Christian :'pMamdtf:-proprietbf a I6w:liqubrsaIoon-i- n ' tho- same city, a? sick and half crazed woman in the street, Mrs. Addle Oakinan, enticed her into his shop and outGilder-sleev- e raged her, was sentenced by Judgo to "eighteen months imprisonment. dt leprosy." These brdsweie told to JKaa- man ana led 'to an inquiry; this little maid preached one of thirglftsr1 of the Gfospei to tier mistress the glorious gift of healing, ho'T7as'lxealed!V;--'The;littleteaid- " . 7 " Mary Sullivan, the poor girl in' Kew York who, left her child wrapped, in her shawl on a stoop, and pleaded' before . the' Justice, "1 loved my childbuf ,Mdiio,:i Kc,: place to care for It," waVUcttlbncedy corderiTackbtt To ; threo ycarar ' Tn?tho pbnli; ' r What tentiary for abaud6nlng rfer ch'U : de-gre- el words, men" and'tvomen;- n - : ",. " 8 ENTENCES FOR COM PAR ATI VK slave! ..Let woman ever bear In mind thai 'a pure, chaste and good woman, with tact and talent, can hold even a libertine: at arm's length, and he can no more tottah1 her rudely than. he could touch ah angelj Such af character' aWakens" the er SCRIPTUKE WOMEN; tii'0 fa " him-virtuallyk- For the ExroNKNT. us - ? , Loyers words are very tender, Lovers words are very sweeff His cros3 on Mount Calvary in the last hour of His earthly pilgrimage! Is among hjsjast thoughtsinV:! she Yes, and almost his last words hojcpmmitts .herjo the care of One whom he kqew would carry, outHi? last Will and eitamepit ;"VXnl-th-e hearHs full, butCfew wdrds are evet . used! And when addressjng we have entire confl'hsnce ljoofcy ri co few words, vey sj a y 61 u m e j pan ied by If Henco the Savior only said, looking At His: 1 chosen disciple .and friend, Beholds thy. -- mother!' and tufningrtoheBehold-th- ;arid address'are all blended with' the uri- flfnch'ing' hardihood of the boldest heroism; and' where every step Is taken aV in the - . E X P O N E N T. S most remarkable one. In these days, when wpmen .have become degenerated and ease, refinement and luxury, we can hardly realize' the grandeur of such - a character' as JTudithj where piety of the For the Eirorasrx. 'BY HANNAH T. KING S 1 - " J ' Good breeding is a guard upon the tongue; ;li the misfortune is,! that, wo put it. on .and oi are: of the MmeiconsteUation - i . Maryi tbeiiiiother :ot Jeau,$ItU'eufirst I - rwomanrnmea Jn the New:,Testament, but with our flnelotbes and visiting faces, and do not wear it whero it, is wanted at home!, are, used lo; introduce! her, ; but ; fewpnis ' f how, full are. thpswof ds I ;a?ydlumo in e very, WojiE.t,ertiap3) one 'reason' why' w"osentencei.; .Tlierp U:t something, very trik? men berafilictrori as I' believe they gen. than' men, Is because thoy ingJneublimd erally a few frserhfstorJw (yen,:her liriel no make attdmptUb fly from ; tho causo :of age'tlip &XxhiipiiJ6ti nearly. fit, but betake themselves patiently to tho all is told; A few fords' ;areTused iii after duties, however painful, which thcyaro to times respecting Kt, wbniyd.'af- key to . "perform.; Is the old emblem of the reed ; It b th purl ty' iu:dlVof!enitay'ei fe ridericy or ? and, the oak; they bond, and therefore they r he rnindf anil are not broken 1 and then comea peace with' her vldrSon"a!lh JmarrIage mind, which is the fruit bf resignation, Cana of Galilee; and she Is at tho foot of "Southcy's Life." - ! - jbretptiptureUnv do--4)e- ttef - 1 of-f!- - - 