. ;:; . -- -' rvr .. salt.. WW caff" 1 II t r- - -r " Foclho " I Exropt. r , Beneath this leafy canopy Lighted by rising moon and Eta r, Stand thou, my daughter dear, with me, And listen to the echo thrown By all the TforJd, ianari afar, Though on the Jan Tor on the sea . What Is the echo thou dost hear In the pure silence of thy heart? Nay, tremble pot, my dtughter deaf, H TisTrtit the iniwe to His &t; 'lis thefareweJJol tlHffis who part - Of come unequaltQ.tbe:coPtC3trQtiiresirug., a3 faithl sustains you; to .wait pa-- ; gleEave --- ; f s r :d 07 rrrr-- .Ur-n.ivAhl- r ; tented, waiting His time? Can you realize that, these things are worth living for, Wot th su fieri ng for? too great thrpugh which we are called '.'tot. we VwpuUtpJ to w In' out blaster's pass, ' i , l are In looki og'back oyer; the years that '- toprints? , ) .j r . iii Listen thou! O my daughter dearl The roll of drums, the clash of swords, Theso sounds of weeping in thine ear, Change from sad farewells to all hall! Behold! tbo coming of the Lord, Behold tho refgn of peace d raws near. listen! thrones, kingdoms tottering, And earth and sea all tremulous, With thunderous voices, echoing, Leaping to praise their Maker's name; In speech majestic tell to u?, That this 13 Death's awakening. Beloved, 'tis not the close of 11 re, Listen! these farewell cries shall change To worshiD an them: for nl I tHfn - I Shall have an endi and at tho cry All flesh, thai! at the summons stranie,Fainting, awake to deathless life. AucrsTA Jotcb CuoCHinox. S.L. City, July 23, 1578. -- - Correspondents who tiso fictitious signatures must send us their real names and address, otherwise we cannot 'publish' the ' .y-i-. sees.noas with a firm hope and an (unawejCving;aiUi in the recompense" of 'a fulnosVVof through obediencei' mor any earthly power can gtvef ito rest ,cor -- They are wending all the same, same way; Dehold! afa? o'er all the earth The nations don their last array; Listen! the mournful requiems rise Up from the nations vacant hearths, And the wrath of God etill points the way. . Upon To feel you have acquired u little Insight into the purposes of God in yQur creation; And deeper, when the city sleeps, The sleepless mourner's piteous cries, Unhq8bed, reltoye the heart's deep wounde, . In misery's dim, lone retreats. ;.. Where goest thou, dear frirnd? Alas! ThyeartM ,ad.thy hope la high; Thou burryest so quickly past, Thou seest never, before, beyond, How the dark tide of death Sows nj?h, now it rlseth, cruel and fast. Tha dying maiden speaketh low Where lover, weeping;, bend his bead: : Farewell, beloved! , I loved tbee so; wo me not,' that may keep Forget These tows bf earth, so vainly said. And an Immortal bridal know. The stricken mother mourning bends Where her beloved unansweriDjr lies; AH vain the love of fondest friends, To soothe the heart's deep agony," While memory'sblessed visions risc, And love's sweet labor hath its end. The mother saith In tears, I go; And sweet, but for the thought of thee, The rct in death, the weary know. But ah! whoso loving care shall lead These little opes aright, for me? Ah, let me star! Death answers No. communications. trust and;!perfect ecjirjtyv. relying, we-see- Below the city's mingled sounds; -" tienttyicidllrtf the promises of ,Him;j,Who fre. thex,;-fhjatIiBfe?b- I hear It ln the city's etrceU, NOTES AND NEWS. Vmti ::m AtlTOBIOGIAPItY; of-yo- ur , . WiOT8"" hisTo those who may read this simple 1 tory of the privater iife of an individual, woul.d say btjfqro enterinff upon any details, or iiorlray ins .incUlerrUjCaji y mi understand to ho truly, my kind readers, what it is old? cmphaticaiiy and undeniably past Tohave the whole land-eap- e lifo spread out to viewitoirace injind put, rnwiudingr yays, thfdugh'i itlie watch .wherothe shadows, fell and darkened; to cafchFsometimj tho, (Javn :qf unbroken lightlb: iestaterrjall, tpifeel you havo be-- , Come thou with mo, my daughter dear, Out from ibes? waila ppbuljt ty bands; They ihidciheyshliicjeA w The changing pictures of the ffcy, Und thoUllvoi(JMconirtb mar," .V'HiSA : past, and. i'ecalliBg viviclly the incidents of my earliest days, tracing the dim outlines of the years now Vanished, ere the powers of life are too enfeel?ledr I feel attracted to sit down and delineate sQme of its most in tricate mysteries, without any, effort j to embody myself a3 a heroine, but clearly to give a concise account of ray unpretentious life; beginning with its morning, representing myself ruth fully, as I have lived, through three quarter: of a century, having seen many of my cotemporaries and somo, of my dearest friends pass out of sight.'; In looking back, if there are any principles whjch have given me strength, and by which! have learned to livo more truly tv lifo of usefulness, it seems to me I could wish to impart this joy and strength to others; to tell them what the Gospel has been . and, is to me; ever since I embraced it and learned to;live by its laws." A fresh revelation of the Spirit day by day, an un veiling of mysteries which before were daik, deep, unexplained and incomprehensible;, a most Implicit faith in a divine power, in iuflnito truth craanatingV from God the Father, the fountain from which we ;inust never depart into labyrinths of ib our .own, or others seeking, if wc iiielm ' conquer as individuaTs, ' Our own little1 histories are replete: with this occasional rdarknoss, which? has been left; unexplained," through misunderstand' logs,: discord rand wrongs unrightedj and which' wo ' learn to. enduro through much forbearaucp andorgivenos3 of injuries.; Human character is hot immutable, but capable"' of perfecting to"an infinite growth; do wo not need, a world, faith in God--- a for man has ita foundathat hopo tion in the principles of eternal truth? (To bo continued.) ; ; in-suc- )0' h lrrSlader mn JMitJM. nivcri-MftS3- r! Good ?rh;j : ' gazine, entitled edits a: monthly WordF., il 'r-- -: .irr ; tifo yE.EcfrirsK ofwas 1 811 by jha mpon. : yisibjo in this jcity thipu.gh smoked glass, pty- reflectioa in Monday July;29, - -- T p.m;,; for abojut pnp hq o'clock, -- quarters. The color ;4ho iky, waol he darkest bl ue, an , the sunl igh t .golden and mellow tho- - sjiiidowsv resting beautiuily, j likejfairy wprkr;whereyf they; j f$tjP c$b& effect; wasral most: likaj en cfiarit men t,vr hQf peculiarity of tho, shades pf jight and Bhad- ow on the mountain Sou iclty. was charming. The sceno altogether: wag'; -- i hpa3frp , most interesting. TiVe t , r ; , rr Thibd Decade i iltn 'r -- v;i "A jCelebration of tho , firs. WpmaVs Rights Conyritiorf, coq Vend in iRpchesterf pursuantxtojcall July, 19, i was 11 i ejdjn t hp ;Psame ch u rchv (pjii ifr. s first Conven tion, in. $4S,i Amy;Pos t,v a member of .that-firsCpnvpntiori i3 still living in Rochester, in:HQonnecUon nvithMis Anthan arrangements. Friends from abroad vero t , cnJeTtaInelreot from Miss Anthony WQlcarn thHt tho Anniversary was ; mpsi interesting. Many As eho ypteran workers, were- present, has mailed us copies of the Rochester pa. per?, containing a full account of the"; proceed ings, w wil I - publish I particulars i n ? - , ! , our next issue.- ' ' ; ' ' - Mrs. Sara Ji Andrews Spencer of Wash, inton, has entered into an editorial partnership with Mrs. Juan Lewis," editor of-- "Woman's Words,' Philadelphia, Pa. The first number, containing 'iSalutatory from tho pen of Mrs. Spencer, was issued Julv 1. and contains a precise account bt tho argu. raenta and committee's report cn the Six. teenth Amendment Bill, which is very interesting. During the next session of "Woman's Words' Will be Issued In Washington, aucl will - contain titi that is noticeable of the work done on the woman question by that Honorable Body; arid the ladies who fabor- therb inf thb interest of their sex.: These ladyoditor.--i are women of fine talent; excellent --'capabilities, 'And occupy enviable posltfons t in'1 society 'in tho woi Id. They aro laboring Indofatigably to aiu anu assist womcn m nttaining a greater degree ?of independence. 'Thej6urnat is very neat in i fa appeal a nceV and contains much personal Information "of Av'omeh brii gaged in all tho dlfTerenf pursuit's ftf life. Oh tho front 'of each hunibcr there 'is a woodcut ofscjmQndtcladyJ wltlvaishort sk'etch of her , life, whlcrTadds-verymuch to tiie merit of; the joilrnal as a ; sourco'of information; for in this way af 6 wb enabled to preserve, with little expense, something history of those." who arc trrily A ;. r worthy.:- "- c ; jz .t Con-gre- ss -- - - -- " -- of--th- e" ; c : Cexsuce is tho tax a man pays to tho public for being bmfncrit.t " ' :i Z'AZ L'0.j : : i: : .r;r a 4 : . - -- ' 1 : 