N E NT. WOMA N' S EXPO ' t thousand trees behind the one organized on, a larger and improved plan to paiPBf beaunfSIases' were then presented to Assistant Superintendent Howeat hose" house wb have convened season laitpiacej often tor more , than two years. Dismissed .r-,; In the usual manner, .V Emma F Brown, J2jEgsi , "Tire V--- Annual 4Ilnthe"Yofibg'Ildtes Society of tfie Tenth? Ward was held onThurs Af ; fleeting- ;ttouse. day goodly nujb abtif Wl... and ariisiicallr house wateryof ever 'decorated .' PRESIDENT 5 ' wfedioad ;buts' . some here,'as well as in some other pfaceiVWe can raise about two gatherings.- In the best of from three to four. the States they will-gathcbtton In the "sbutbi'and save We can raise our " our wool here; Go to' and save lyoiir ' wheat. Tell the people of this 6take of ;Zion not to'eell next i - IT DISCOURSE, , Jan'lln&Byard er J - E.C BRIGHAM YOUNG t -j these, and buy i more than you i can pay iora jGq Jntqjde.bL j and!:pap perlza ihe together-j-bu- y -- Now ! 1 : 'i ! : has no representative as yet. I A Committee of both Houses waited upoD the Governor of Utah ' tO inform His Excellency the Assembly was organized. Thh Committee reported, the Governor would communicate-wit- h the House,1 Tuesday at 2 o'clock. Some ppecial business relating to suitable materials : for use of the members . during the session, newspnper, stamps, etc,, a!s public printing mail maiter, etc. was tran8actetl; minute were; read 'and ; after' these and pther pfelimi- - j nary afrangementsthe Assembly adjourned ; until Tuesday; l'o'clock p. m. , ; : - ; ; - , were encouraging. , Mr. A. C. Pyper said we had more skill 1 ; v ljwyne Z ; ; Citypu , 3 ; ; :- : ! 1 j i - 1 ' l of-Decem- ber. i than urged ' had leaves to feed the worms.' Jle the people to plant out mulberry trees ; also showed the necessity of In order to make the wgrj Hghter and enable learners " to get a better knowledge of how to manipulate the .worm to better advantage. He; advised thofe planting cut trees to put them as near as possible to the cocoonery and avoid a great amount of, extra labor. The ladles in the TweJah AVatd were .'going to plant out two we 'ih . Tooele, which Jan. lllh, Mrs. ZinaD. Youug presiding. ': Mrs. Young said the was very well satisfied with whit had been done ' ' ' Father. G raves said he had met with good success In his travels ! The meetings lie held were well attended. , Peospects for the future , :-- ; PnsERET Silk Association.- - The Deseret Silk Association met in the Fireman's Hall, teiake , Tjie TWEkTYTniBri session of the Territorial Legislature Assembly convened In the City NoYl ian 14, at 2 o'clock and were duly organized. in both Houses. President of Conn cil,Hon. Lorenzo Snow: House of Bepresenta i tives, Hon. Orson Pratt, Speaker. .Secretary t. L. P. Luckey administered the customary oath to members and officers. Chaplain for the House Elder. Helaman Pratt Two f young la-- 1 dies are employed as clerks in the House, Miea Toan M. Campbell and Miss Dora Pratt All the counties of Utah are "represented except to tiie . the Relief Society and Mutnal Improve roent Associations, well deserve the appellation of bomemiiionailesf for they areexertingr a powerful influence for good iu;.tbe miOst of i ' I , est of ; ; 4 j - these my sisters to: take into consideration what we can do with, regard to sustaining ourselves. Say you, "Let us go to work; and lay the foundation of it." In a great many iunuc.:.. places there .is a foundation of it laid out, which is verygood. i Now; iVant you to go to 4 1 y duty Gancer y of work and say, we will make all our head dress, troled humanifyysair toall whqjma es, we will make all the ;has the men need to wltn thjs; dreadful; dieaf ioat ,my wifewas wear; we have plenty eti aw and materials, we severely alBSpted. jrith .canceruocj'et,;' thf right will do this. 'Now yOu have an object, Broth-- ; ftrmv.extehd'WVs tre breant and down erBrigbam. " Yes, I have, more than one ob-- 7 the tide. .1 was recommended by several parject; and the great object is to show our Heav-- , ties who knew- of the successful j jtatment of enly Father that we have come out from Babycancer by Phineas ;H. Young. I accordingly lon, and are "capable of taking care of our- submitted .the .case to h I m, and,;atert forty selves. to T fi come nan When we wan t the ces, ; raeyen succaSybTdaysof his? treatment she is to be ; of burle The ricU'lnstead people poor. qwite free from all cancerous affections, u i we are now taking is beggaring the "people-runn- ing I am confident that no c tse of this kind was Into debt for this folly and that folly, ever treatedjwith - more to a j . and fox every thing that can see. T AVby IT v they more favorable issue than thisV let the merchant come and bring the follies of : Joiuf SEAa. Salt B lbyloh, we want them immediately. 'Why, Lake lUhyard : Witnesses Bishop A. McRae, Mark. Barnes, yes, we can make "all the straw hat?, if you v Charles Edwards. .: will take, them.f, , I will tel you what else L Want, t want the sisters to say to themselves, B.' S..BEPOBT. auid then to their daughters sisters and friends, We wil I wear thatrwhich we wi 11 makefdr--: ' St. GiyBE, Utaidt, .Nqv 2hl8T7 we will wear; nothing ; we will make what we ' ':Vj wear on our heid; we will make our own hats r Editok Exponent -, . Since ithev? Now men, will you patronize and bonnets. organization of bur Second ; thi$? Ward Young Ladies Miit ual Improvement ,Yes. " Then get Our hiisbands to say, "we will not buy one of the hats from these Association, wo ' have regularly held: iiur stores, irthey bring them 'by the car l?sd. " meetings. ' Latterly, persuant to bur BI$h. op's suggestion we have' alsdfJhe!dojnt Well, tbere will be a great deal aved tothis Stake of Zion ; probably; more than twenty meetings, with; the Yoong MerPs Mutual thousand dollars. Then say to ydur husbands; Improvement Association -- of trie Sccbbd St. Ocorgo Ward.- At these Joint meetings "now go and build a tannery, that the hides I wo have addressee I and leclarb deliverd that come Off bur beef eattte cin be niade into oiir I 6criior. We have now determined 'I by leather. ' And then, pay to your husbands, "I luron the phblicattbD'Ofa want you to understaiidihat I '&m pre rfect ly , abin mahnscript to contaiir tf i'grinal esZino solutely oppose tojyour C!iuise vf life, unless says arid articles from the Young Men's and you make some leather." Then, sisters go to Young' Ladles' Associations. Prib to the work and make up this leather, the labor is in v establishment of the joint raeetitfgs wo had' the shade, and a great deal of this work can be published' and successfully carried; pqC a done by machinery; but it can be, done by i Monthly Magazine In our Association the hand. We have one sister in Salt Lake City, contributions being solely from the pens who started twenty-thre- e r boot and years ago of the 'sisters ' who were memtcrs; now, shoe making; she has made herself a little forhowever, wo expect to see an enlargement tune; she has plenty to live on; she haa woiked of, and a greator variety of articles In tho with her own hands until she ha accumulajoint Magizine, tho first numbebf which ted property enough to sustain her. My young is to bo rend at the joint meeting next TuesI sisters ; Instead of sitting- - continually at the day theJ Hth Wln unlson . with the daughters of Zion,' take elncere piano and getting the consumption, take hold f and build. up Zion. The first thing ir to do pleaiuro in reading tho Exponent" and r for something yourselves, and learn to labor;4 gratefully acknowledge 'tho benefit wo deand when one thing is done, 'take up another rive from reading Its pages. May success attend its efforts to advance item, and con'inue until we manufacture of trie Is "desire of everything rlghteousnegs, sister, I will gay Ui those who are raising shep, Ass' Lillie Bleak, tjsecrtary. do not send your wool avr.iy. "Why, it will be said, "a fool and hU money are soon part-ed.iioME TnRU8T. Doctor: Now, tell Save your wool and tend It to the factory, i me, colonel, how do" you feel when you've If we want a Uttle cotton clot'li, killed a man?" Colonel: "Oh, very well, raise it In lh.e inanK you, doctor; how do you?'? f ffutherp country; ppd we cin rIse I-j- eo i jects and .tuemfnujtiro whicb make up the. sum of tbq wliolk sistew earnestly, and in ;the spirit pjT the Gos- pel. The sisters wWYJsit from time to time, j Ihe.various wardsand seUeme :. pdsl-tio- : ;tbepromotionot all. things which are belp Jo ilnrJ ti: '.: I want to guide and direct to our : ture, and .T-- ; whole community, instead of bull J ing up Zion. n I want you to stop.: When we? are in ;a to build up. ourselves, we am building up , ;:i ZionnLet us sustain odrselveis.! I want i t;! .Buy anbtner andanbther machine, ahidVclpth from the, stores that j Is nbtng the, world 'but shoddy, CONTTNTJEDj" JJome-manufactui- es, Zion. hi niowlngtmachlnes heC young girls of pleasing appearancjtp the. hall, Mrs. M. J. Pierce rreaidedJu'i sr CnarYoubg,.. Mrs.l M. I. HyrneV Jtfiss E, B. Snpw, Mrs.. E. HowWhitbey,and Mru, . B. Wells, ard, Mrs. each addressed the meeting. The subjects were. , duties of women, the necessity of being self--, home literasustaining Baysbne. ; What jbrbught ou inv debf? Orl antf thresher and a mb.wi ng mabhi nei " Wher d o , you,liyr ;How much grass haye fpHt to cut ? "One hundred ; aWd; fif ty acres,, J How ma ny i In the Tabernacle, Ogden. thei We are in debt, their 'graihV J- 'hpmtidelby Ucit Ward whlch'gavea most greens and school-hous- e . jjditie sMrrn, Sec'yl . .. - so i K f, t There being no business; a motion was made' to adjourn for one week, then to effect a pert manent orgahizatlon, o which meeting all interested in silk raising are cordially invited, ' more especially. In Salt Lake County. ' : It. SiMrsoN,' Secret afy. - .. 3 1 ng, ? ! -- the-caus- e !ur " w au . a 