WOMAN,' a world etre,":whlch, In Bpmetjdmi ::it selina to w.pecjj fijuSy.;; important that aaretenin these studV vr enQtjgh.T';it &p3 iape"ime )?erln rjesr-be- y:- MveTtlme, Decency; demands the jveareriT -- '"'r-- 7 professoradld1 not oftener f Thejircss must bo gen- jpffirmohiou3colors, ; U. "Snch mo4erate.,conslstency with pro- - f vailing modes of dress as shall produce the T ImpreCsIaC'Of foc ravoidrthtof8elf8ticf bC'oerltjbe Tllttothisl&uiious : .alcove tlbjee . wo-menpo- n ess. - .. . ",,-t- -; ; ; . , . only within two or threo generations. Aj hundred years ngo tho lords of creation set beauty above health' or convenience, just ' as the ladJes donbwTahd peacocked about j The Little Health ' ', ' ' - . - .' i V J. - ' j .. t . I , ' . .. . : l . , J . . i . " . . - BY FRANCE3 SOWERi COBB. We have now-touch- in their ofe,t Ladies. , wi - ii ' . . .be treated ust somewhaCatlength. Ar-littl- e girt in a London Sunday School, being asked by a visitor "why God made the flowers of the fieldfi rcpliqo;tXnpt ;Vncpnscipus, of the gorgeous paper i9ppy in her own bonnet), "Pleasema'ain;! supj)osd for patterns1 for artificial owers;.',? 'One tnight antici-- 1 pate some anYaWely ' leW wide of the mark than)b,aof . sophisticated little damseljVwere- - tho question ta be put' to not a few grown, women, ;MWby do you wear clothesV't --Their- most-naju- ral -response Ta1)e;Jn the Ikshion." woaldobvjoslbej When wo liave" visibly" wandered a "long way from the path of.reasoD, the best thing we can :do Is to look back to' the starting point, and find put if possible, where , we have divere'd." In the niatter bt 'raiment that8tartIng-poin- t is not hard to findin. deed, to mark it Is only to state a series of " ' v ' ' ; truisms. has three- - t"raisbns .s Human clothing. Jfs J v ' 1 - l J s sj i i a airnaturalisel of; jscotlon retltd sJmpGs- -. siblo.- - Jn' thls, as. Iln.ardQzea .Qtheci silly ; dress, which lays such,an important part in the health of women that here "it-m- coats: and" embrbid- - ni ; on the subject of ed peach-blossd- surmounted bywigs for whose stupendous discomfort evena seat j on the Judicial' be ncli "can freely reconc thH moderfiCEnglishmanz Now7:whea:tho r men of jaYjyZuropean Jiation-hav- e abjur- ed such fantastic apparel, jwe. naturally ask: Why na not th(r" wopaenfIowed their example? nf!Whyriijs;,,t he husband, : father! ;arid brdtherVhabrtediike a 'being' who has j and knows that his serious interests-imlife- , ered-waistcoat- Jbow do not a "pronounce" little mbre"distlnctly against : this literally moM foUy. ; have already alluded ;to thejbrain-heat- ..; -y; ing chignons; just gone out of fashion after a long r reign of mischief; and along with ii them should-bclassed the ibonnets which x expose; the forehead to! the cold, while the : back of; tho head is' stewed under I ta cush-- r ion pi false .Jiair, and which (have: ther still ' more serious idteidY&ntage cf aflbrding no .shelter to' tb,e fiyes,- -) To womeq Adi whom ii the glareio tJhe Junj ls,permanently.churt-;ifu- l Jo the slghtlthe Ineceslty; of earing these bonnets :on pain ,of appearing .iixigw larj.or.vaireCtedly ; youthful, (CdnstLtuteaVal- most a yalid reason agains fc. UVi n'2 .ia Lon- i don,, tAnd the;remedy; forsootbj ia to.hold up perpetuaiiy.a patasoll-r-yetifurtherln cumbrance .to addtoi tbe :iare oX thei oag- l gUng train, so: that both: iartns Jriay.be pecu-- 't pied f?xiiirjng p. i jvboJe walk, anUL"?of course -- rived at their present good sense in dress EXTRACTS. fashions, the: women who;bayo serioua concern's Jn;Ufe;? are hampered; by.ibeipractice of thoe who .think ;of nothing but ethibit-in-g their persons. And - Jadiesh tf limited fortune, who live in small rooms and 'go about the streets ,on fopj grin cabs, aCom-pelle- d I . : persjcnar4lnltjr IMuldo .orbited ywere , be.rib. he to dresa himself in ftvbtfnedgaxm(ts,:'.ahd;.wbp Is . ttiot wife,! motner, orVisterbedizenea like 'amacaw, party-colore- d, fif theyjwish'ioi avoid belng?pointed to at) adopt, modes, iJfdress whose sole "raison d'etre" is tbay 'they ;rai wealthy 'igrandes dame'Kwho "lounge in their, barouches or idAsplav their, trains over the drawing-roomcarpets of forty.feet-lonj- j Ibis What:snoblery all implies' fn puwhola challenging Le very "observer - to noto 4iow much of her time,'" thoughts and money, jmustayeBe.cn spent bn this futileobjectfj ; , ,lTHeansweiisCwalic s. make, discredi table: as t, it; is to both sexes. Thewomen who set'.lhe fashions dres iorf social stfucture;,fome,ten?m men dress, as nearly-as- f Hhey 'can nord,?In admirationi and men U.ko women who dress . to bo' ad mired f and t the admiration given the 8tyTon fa'tlh'e'mostfor 'fi ve'housand I and and received :J The unworthy Tyery:;poor; much' better than a salmon admfntioBnot dresses, sinning equally as it does against ' to a artificial and hay-health and decency, tofbe gradually fly, glittering gives j to more real dq)with. any lug very littiei recedlng-- f fromVord I nary vdi nners, where i t as is ' , ajsthelic gratificatiop proved '.was . unive rsal t we n ty years a go to sperial der : by. the thoroughly unbeautiful occasions, bans, an2 .court drawibgrooms. Is to which fashion has recourse. It vices But It dies hard, and may kill a good many i woman .' ' the Well-ga borrow very! up (to poor creatures yet. and n(ail on others tho ' - ! j ia ; s too-clearl- y; ; ; ot f ? , 1 , , , I : .... . I. V eiffectlyely they' h'ayor JhiteHo imnage'd (o Tomen i ; L Jeesdherfheir; wbep they beiord. torn, fpnsjderin e ,;r Ii'la to be remembered .for our consolation and jencooragemeni; that men have ar-- aim at developing; this. bcart,i-nee- d be, in those who have the hand without train.' t. v?: ir. ing. i a ! nih i - 14 - display tir dlsapprovai wben ever, hayettempted: to?i f iref i t'lsiapityv I thinkthat they all Western nations meets fairly, all the con- -' ditiona of health and .decency, undJaM only on;tho, side of jseauty. The dress of contrary eve'rVariable as it is, persisbnUy 'misses th.e cbriditlons of health; r, iroquently violates'thf rules; of d66ency; instead of securing beauty, at which it aims first instead of lasty, achievesr usually ugli-- ; - dia-gra- ms ' ' : Qlaneilijfc (bocauso more slowly murderous) than the old "Maiden" of SevllleV yet always assures us, smiling through' her martyrdom, that her clothes are really hahging about h'erl" It would bo waste nf time to dwell on this sMrs- a Haweisiin! her very r supreme iblly Tho Art of Beauty ' , noteworthy new book, has gi vensome n exceedingly xl useful . dia. , grams, sbowjpgcthel effects j oJfi the practice i on th"e j internajl organs and ; skeleton wich X earpesUy, recommend: to the study o ladies ; who mayj fp&m sf'cali'f.to . perform , thi? sort, ofuPngsh, settee jfor-'"living JiusncU. 3Irs.I.wssaysj ;that rsensiblerniendQ not loyorjps, jand have , . wearer if itvers arbouter body belong- j. ing, to the eamooul : u:ud'p-'- " cllewldelibugbt-t- o acquired and1 the most miserablejgirl; who spends her days In a machine nlore cruel -- Oracefnifbis of3drape 9. - ordejjirta - ! 'T but useapart from the general training; r comfor a woman,'lf 8he fulfills the more mon duties of a woman's life, this early knowledge .will always be a source of direct strength. Thisf applies in a' degree to surgery also; and I have always woDdered, in view, of the old proverb that a surgeon should havf5 :lfa lion's." heart and a lady's "Woman's JwvmhQ the uine throughout, without (any false pads, f false hair, or false anything. : studied3medlcine;bu T)verdopteiias .ft profession,' told mo that thtf mere domestic use of her knowledge had more than repaid her for all the trouble i t had cost. For a man who should thus abandon ,the why-b- s 8. Truthfulness. it. A woman of superior gifts, who had hand" be-iong-tot- bat : "Jl-- Beautv demands , ur and an? envious heart are no one ever confesses. A to which things' small waist,' I suppose,1 is understood to tight-lacin- Concealment, when possible, of any disgusting personal defect. iU alone would furnish a infflcien treason for asprbs'pecW the rest, even, the idlest and worst, but g ' pggestlo ko'Siicynihelrthgn Tight-Iacingaindniab- lts 4. Concealment - of somo portions of careful observa- . , human frame. 5. Distinction betyeen the habiliments of men' and women sufficient to avert mis; ; take. ; 'M;... ; G. Fitness for. iho.go and character of This point lies directly, in' the line of medical This study lies - ; f pressure. 3 -- " ioh L;--:i:il-? t k-'-'j -- f M"? injury by rain,. snow, stones to the dustdlrt, feet, Insects, etc. 3. Preservation of liberty of action to all the organs of the body, 'and freedom from ' man. :fr::: : ,well- - dressedToman; whb Teceltes sby ;f ar the :greatefst'share"bf homage.1 WW? ana now- iei us see now; an tms concerns the h ealth- o f ;wnibnnl);inoc.hX their "petite sante" is due to their general neglect, to make health Iho , flrstnhject of dress, or even an object at aU. compare to fashion. ' resembles envy1 tho 'We take pridrin all among passions; 2. Protection from sees';hw ho traces some knowledge" of the leading scientific discoveries of modern times as thoie and!Goethej to the exercise oftbatiYery faculty of quick witted combination which is the characteristic of women's minds.T Nay a great physician, Dr. Currie, says in his letters that he always preferred tp have an ignorant patient bring hiiIwife itli him because -- ' - - and cold.. theinflaencjjfqm and tion and quicker TtJTrVT-r-- ' ive.nhrase.V not. tho. really n- thei bodydty1 Vxclusion of excessivo : heat any-onb-w- he could always t HiLALTHidemandg. 4 on-th- get-mo- re D.ECjoyj; III. BEAUTV:--- -- -- of-New- -- IL or' a woman " to make herself Vharming than to ; make herself learaeHfdney'Bmith says; and he thjnks ita pltyvthat 8he. should often hang waif In poor" pictures, up lief 'orains or waft them into the air in poor music, when they might be better employed. And that they have the requisite gift3 ibr.modi-ca- l he study1 will- - be plain to reads the celebrated . Essay ., of Buckle on 4 t -- iheso:-!-- ; 5T" women sh6'uld,J.y XZOHEN.T i - . ( 