r EXPONENT. THE WOMAN'S Editor. semi-month- ,- '. -- - ;,:;-- FuWishcxLWoMAii'i - .. - - Expoxbnt, BalfXalte SALT LAKE CITY, APIUL. 1, 1878. Whatever tends to a belter preparation for " the duties of actual life should he considered pert and parcel of one's education. As individuals filling up an exi&tence here in this probation, it should be the aim to adapt one's self to cirepmstances in uch a way as to render lifo enjoyable in the. fulfillment of its real -- taul in their effectual efforts In their own behalf. . Men, generally speaking, believe themselves capable of practical work, but women, as a classj :fcave not as yet comprehended their powers in this respect. They are capable of much more and KIgheTwork hanf Is generally supposed, and were it possible to convince them of the fact, and would they themselves, by their own volition, develop. the faculties given them, how much broader would be their views, how much wider their range of thought, how much higher and nobler their aims in life, how much truer their conception of God and H's works. "I want to bo useful in my day and generation upon tho eattb," is the burden of many a song uttered by the sisters in this Church, but immediately followed, in many cases, by Vhat cauI do?" Every one can do something, if tbey will seek to develop their capabilities and put them into practical use. But In many instances It is ouly c'a refrain," they will not arouse themselves; their de3lres rnay be all right, but they are totally Inactive and parasitical, instead of energetic and telf-re- -: liant, and suffer lhamselves to drift along in the narrow groove of narrow minds, without tho power, seemingly, to burst the nutshell and resolve their desires into systematic action. There is a great field of labor before this people, there is need of efficient help, and all who will lend their best endeavors for the promo -- -- t n i nAl rinfnronianf tli ML. of Jesus Christ will convene in the large Tabernacle in this city, on Saturday, the 6th cf " April, at 10 o'clock a, m. Articles op Faith. The cards containing the articles of Faith, which have recently been Saint Sunprepared for the use of Latter-daat are for the sale Deseret News day Schools, i y - ' -- -- ' - "Dese-re- News'? by Elder John TayJorrPre8ldent of the Council of the Twelve Apostles, that the give correct ideas of the principles of the Church in a few short, simple paragraph?, which little children can very readily learn by heart. At the Commission" Store for Home Manufactures they keep for sale quantities of these cards, just a suitable size to put into a letter; price, ao cents per nunared. Fersbns who are writing letters to relatives, friends, or acquaintances, shotild supply themselves with these cards, and thus distribute them abroad. They may be "like bread cast tipon the wa- . PRACTICAL CAPABILITIES. that-mora- Notice has been given through the ; -. myrUtah. duties and obligations. Education does not -- depend Hup-jone's advantages always. In many instances persons have attained to eminence, who have not even had the opportunity thb simple' rudiments'or their" of being native language" when young. To be sure learning properly applied is a great lever towards progress, and every child who can be instructed while young should comprehend - and appreciate the advantages accruing from knowledge derived from books. But there are " experiences that ca.ll out capabilities, and exigencies which bring into action powers and faculties which were previously hidden from their po: sessor. A great proportion of man l and womankind are destitute 'of propelling force which Is necessary to bring ' into practical use the best and most useful attributes of their nature?; but when physically necessitated they are compelled to do, and find often a new and rare pleasure and satisfaction HOHE AFFAIRS. : In -- Bait Lake City, Utah. one year, 12.00; one copy six month)!, Tens ft One copy "1.03. Ten copies Tor the price of nine. : Advertising .T&tcar.JBSSttW time, 3.00; per month, $3.00. A liberal discount to' .''v'. regular adTerU8erft.,, Temple, and First Exigent Office, come? of South East sh eets, opposite Eagle Gate, Business hours from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. etery day except Sunday. Address all baelness communications to , Ta Wished tion of the? good of the human family may find an ample range for their labors. Supposing there should be some failures, there is some benefit derived even from these; they action -- bring outrother thotighfii anid plans-o- f or more strongcareful, and cause one to make future exertions er in attempts. see to - It is terrible young girls who could alnTlEemseTves witlflhe true Eeience""of living, fret and whine 'away their existence given them for such a glorious purpose, because God has not given them wealth to luxuriate in. They become chronically morbid, because they lack the energy to develop their own capabilities. of one's powew and attributes there are abundant sources of pleasure, which those never know who are content to drift on from day to day, without any purpose but to kill time. Girls cannot be too well developed, in body or mind, to fit them to fill the responsible positions for which nature designed them. They cannot be too well informed. Thousands-o- f them bring to their own home, when tbey enter intothe marriage relation, a ruined constitution, a peevish temper and a dwarfish mind, for want of a proper care of their health and cultivation of their powers. Their habits are not consistent with the laws of nature, 'Hhey must havo a good time," which often means, with them, an undue amount of unhealthy recreation, Ugh t lacing, tight shoes, a style of dress in wliicn' health has no consideration, rambling and desultory thoughts, and a "don't carisbness" in general. Such girls are not very likely to take household cares cheerfully, and tbey are totally unprepared for the glorious crown of motherhood. If it wt re possible to influence the "Daughters of Ziou" to comprehend the necessity of developing all their good attributes, and applying their hearts to wisdom, concentrating their energies to some settled purpose to benefit themselves, their parents and others, instead of wasting their precious moments in frivolity and nonsense, how grand and elevating might be the result. How happy, then, might be many a home that is now cheerless and desolate; how buoyant arid light many a heart that is now sad. Girls, you who live for pleasure, and find it a phantom, begin and discipline yourselves into habits of industry and true economy of time and means. Be active and energetic in performing your duties, however trivial they raayseem; read good - books those that will inspire you with noble thoughts, and enlarge your mental capacities, go out into the air and tunshine, instead of moping in close, dark rooms, lest the wind should brown your complexion. There is a relief to the wearied mind and body, that one finds in the freedom of the woods and fields, that is better comprehended than expressed. Women would be better able to combat with the trials, worries and cares of life, if they let into their-- " houses more of God's glorious sunshine, if they breathed more of the pure air of heaven outside their dwellings. Walk or ride every day in the open air It is better for you than nedicine. Brace up the nervous system and stimulate the energies by these sbople, invigorating methods, instead of cultivating morbid feelings and harping upon trials and sacrifices, or drawing out all the vitality of others to help support the burden .of life. There are many lessons yet to be learned in the great experi- ence of life, which require diligence and energetic action and-le- t usslstejra reason together, and endeavor to understand wherein our highest duty lies, and be faithful in the performance thereof, v ,. : r ters."; Through courtesy of the editor, Elder A, ; ' " : Milton Musser, we have received and perused ' the pamphlet entitled "Fruits of MormonisnV' This little witnesses. by I ! "non-Mormo- n" 1 1 11,1-- 1.. f- til - give briefly much correct information this people, upon many points which need elucidating intelligently to strangers Testimonies of many educated and refined lMvt(Kti). '...n1l)n ViCn.,.. iUUUSHJ) pCUJJlO, IU Hit UUUCQlrJ, uugaiiij, progress and untiring endurance of this people, are given by the author in their own words, from their sketches, lectures, addresses, &c, which cannot be contradicted. Eider M usser has also concisely given, in the closing pages, such statistical, geological political and other general Information of the condition of the Territory and its resources as cannot fail to make an impression for good, showing as it does the exertions past, present and for the future promotion of morality and everything calculated to elevate and improve the condition of mankind. For sale at the Deseret News Office; 25 cents per copy. These pamphlets should be widely distributed. The Young Ladies' M. I. A. of the Thir. teenth Ward had a : :March 14, at the! residence of their . President , Mrs. Elizabeth Thomas. A good epirit pervaded the" assembly. An esay on Charity, by ont of the young lady Couhelors, and some exercises in singing andreadiog were very creditaMrs. M. I. Home, Mrs. P bly rendered. Woodruff, MisJE. R. Snow, Mrs. R. R. Gran', Miss Belle Clayton, Mrs. L. Greene Richards and others made suggestive and happy remarks, calculated to encourage and aid the girls in their march of improvement. The repast prepared by the young sisters was excellent, and the tmillng and joyous faces of these ' young and beautiful girls shed a radiance of jjgui ana an innuence or good ieeling ovt-company, which happified the occasion. Tlipse ' among the young girls are ca'cuWed to dhsemlnate a good spirit and unite thcir. sympathies and energies. .The Eighteenth Ward Relief Society, which has been only recently organized, met at the Lion House on Wednetday, March 27, for a Social Pntnrtn! nm.nh Th nftf rnOOB. va8J spent in cheerful conversation for mutual bene fit, and at Bevenall sat down toa'bountlfu d supper. After partaking of the gooa ad" by the sisters for the occasion, all con-cernin- re-uni- on on-Thursd- ay- r re-unio- . - vub-provide- g 