 -- W 0 MAN'S E X P meeting m the Fourteenth: Ward l&ssembly Rooms, Bat'ur-f-ijda- his clothes and ! cpoking'hls meals,-Washin- g 'i$itgtit6iil- - ilnaom'eVticall city were represented '.by; their of the Ninth, resiaents:;: The ffifo'l' "Fonrteenthnd erentee resented by, their rescU Many interesting things were sad hy these la dies calculated to stimulate and encourage the sisters in spiritual improvement, , and in prac-coW0rk..;;'TheseumeeUng;.e.7i source of J. work' and on " he-- ; v ask spiritual growth to pur community; and those who attend them regularly ; feel .an .influence which helps them to live better lives,and to be more zealous of good works.: ; worsen; llelafilraighlart o the husband forf raorieyIrbrevjeniOidihary - at (he Woman's Corigressrin iCIevelandilast - year,' hfa tonceiii Whlnioshewlisteh-- . inF? toJMecfofibojQll speakermade; thej daring assertlontthat of all -- o want, eome r coaxing andwheedMug, tome jby , ethera afraid, or an by tear and entrealle-auo'r.bf open rupture, 'being' denitd. will pliah their purpose o i a' , way which actually degrades them in their own eyes, because they fei it to be moraljy;; wrung, tuUexcuse them j eel yes by .thinking there was no ether, aiterna-- r tiye. No;one need think that married wqmen have time at their dUppsal, or inclination to go and earn money if. there .were; no; need of it, and therefore Madame Grundy ehouid b si lent on Ihli score .'at least n'he hest of .hus- ' bands; Is apt to,Mput on airs'! when- - the.' wife wan6 extra meney, But wuld be asjouitded were she ie question Elm-- as1 to how,' or where he spends money that he gives n & account of whatever. Many a man worth his thousands Unconsciously r;:rhapa Vdrcharty V Va'ke' we ' wi II grant it so), makes his wl feundergd a hu- - centsW Dend ashe1 Dl out asking sdmebody 'for rili Upon'thls twehtv-rlv- ; d al t Manjt cdmforls;,Mrs: 6iia:J.'!;Andrpws.Bpencer) said ht ;1. ;i fui. tnmor. wnich they si)op;:bemo8t-jg:raie- ' tt and i tremtillBg.wli en&thei iare'lcompejled; ; i a stFingS-TnaVraw- 1 S Mryll the ' old1 ' ried1 1 WomnT'. wHof' 4 "the'rr'neads In trua. maids wre e sile-nce.'Th- AhW For the - Exposes. PECUNIARY DEPENDENCE OF WO- - MEN. -- 70:; ' It is milch against . Grundy's rule for a womaq to .earn money. If a married woman manages' in any, direct way to earn her own pockety mQney, society 1m mediately frowns her dowrj-- - what bright has a' married woman to earn money? rWhy -- ddn?t.herr hus band support her?-- , These and numberless othd er questions if any woman dare be brave enough, or has sufficient independence to go out of the common groove. Men usually are very much ashamed of a wife who insists on earning1 money herself, and it irritates them bey oqcI expression to feel that a woman should Want any: pocket money she will' not ask them for; and give them an : account of. Don't they 'provide? everything that V' necesrefuse to hand over to sary, and do they ever ' the wife for extras? Butfsubpc-sfn'they want to spend a little means naslde' from family ex- penditures, do they ever feel called upon to ac- count for it? No, why should they; don't they earn all the money, every cent1, r'btice 1leard a mau make the remark'when Iivas' a wee bit of a girl, "my wife never tned a cent in her life, I've kept my family in1 style1 by' my 'own hard earnings and business tact, ever since we were married, and weve had ten children to educate.11 This was said Wa sojf oflbast that he was a. good husband and father, but, although I was a very; little girl then I knew women bad rights as well as men, thought that woman didn't seem to.realizo it, and I bVgan from that time to soliloquize on this subject. I wonder. who endured; all the sorrow, trials, aches and pains incident, to bearing those ten children, and ,n nursing, and rearing them; who but the mother knows the u toll, the patience, the forbearance it requires, leaving out the hard work, the making and mending and cooking. No doubt the 'very' woman to whom reference had been made, had done all her household work, save when help. 'Was actually a necessity.; Whenli;miin feel that their Wives are equal partners in pec'unlaiy matters? Many Women cbuld'manage household' ex jen-- 6 ,8 much more economically7wereVtbey al lowed to make Jiheir , own rpurchasesj:"; their natures are adapted ;.f o these maTters and ' they now;whatis iri better bargains than men, besides taking more r Ight TtblhginsCead cf pains just s" Madame , ?. . . , are-aske- . 3 : , ? ; g - .'. , - . , i - td-geMr- anything. :w f f,. IK- -; I J. Women have been led into resorting to all sortsof snbterfuges, and "telling . iota of little - . ; '.'All Wwu - t . Iforwhett' they rwouldbe: rgxin?:tOr4FaljoatE hdw wi6ked it wa for .wimmeri:; to.yoto ' X and' it was her only spears to marry , says I l to 'em; which had iyou rather do,fiet:Betsey 15obbeticlingitbl:yoaix)rliletdhejr?y6tetnd they would every one i nf. ifein quail Jbeforo f.vthat qestion'.i'.'Theyi frould 'dl(the(r k&da before my keerr reyneyes,? jandmbve) off ' r : I i ' , 'the subject;- -; otU V)ii-znUo-A'My- ;t J3ut Betsey don'tlget discdujrajexlij iEyery time I see her, she says InLalhopefulwish, fu 1 toriey That t h e o deepest me n, of ; minds iilh the country agree withfher In, thinking ' that iti3 wimmin's duty Itb marry and not to ; votei And thenshe talks a 'sight' aboutthe retiring modesty Tand d ignity : oC the i fair ? ! - -- 1 i 8ectiand yhow8hamefuV and ;revptin it 2 iwould be to see wimmla i throwln'othem -- ' away, and boldlyr; and iunblushin'ly .talin about law and j ustlce. i Why to hear Betsey Bobbet talk about wimmin's throwiq'-theimodesty i a way, you would think if qyer, '.'they went'to the ;political poIe, they;wpuld have to take their dignity, and modesty and ihrow. them against the fcole, and o .without: any, all ihe rest of their.lives. 0J A9i believe in; I ioht that,-- I suchlstuflj '5ApNow think a woman'can be bold and uqwoman. ! ly 'in7 other thlnga besides- going.with a over her face, and a. brass mount. thicVell ' ed parasol j once i a year, and gentlyi.and 'quietly- dropping! a iivdte, for ia Christian president, or a .religious oriuoblo jmiqded f'. path master. My j Opinion's! andoBqtsey Bobbers. EnglishCWdmanfs iBeview;? ' i ' r : , . ! ' 1 ( - willing women should enterc profession, or go Into busiheg, woul i set the example of liber- ality towards women in sharing the means they earn ii mlsht' have a good e fleet. Wo- - . y;men who cut, make, mend and do all the work . 'jit a hou'sohold'are! scarcely ;enHtIed In com- - f - tt:t: ? . , - see which imalces ithard'iahdtLWfiarym on the slngle men iround i hereji lEor takeythe men tht4iro.themosl opposed; to, Wina rain's havin 'a right,and ialkj the I most about Its : bein herduty tolclibgito ,man Jike'-- yin to- a tree; they don? tl want; Betsey tOicHng v. to themi they WohftiletQhen cling tp the m. ers; wlfeln th&andoteVfierj' sie' tremblings elegant house (ht-- 1 husband's) ,and rides Jn a handsome carriage ..(herr;.busoand,syrcAiinoti' :,command j sufficient money v to 4 purchase any little trifle without making an explanation of v, all the; why?fi( and Wh?reore8Jnnd running. the risk of being snubbed into the. bargain prper-vhap- s flatly refused. AU. tbese.thii.rgg are very H mortifying to a fens! tive nature, and if the evil could be remedied, it would save much unhap- pihe8s,'as well as' deceit between; husband and - wife,Wbere perfect concord ahould 'exist if? not so much for tbelr owh Comfort, for, the sake of the'chlldrea ' Who comprehend " much 'more rpaiiily than parents aire ijpt to imagine the lit- 3 tie causes of uuplensantness and annoyances ; fo between 'father and.motheK" f 'w :5' There are very few married women comparatively ppeaking, who have any time to earn money: however; willing thfyj may be, and however great may be thelritact or ingenuity. Household cares require strict supervision and i young women falsing families need all their physical and mental vigor, for maternity and motherhood, and the husband if thoughtful and considerate will1 render materlar help to ; his posterity by carefurattentlons and timely fednsideiailoh for the wife'tnd mother. Every ' woman tinder there fepullar circumstances in- -' feeh much more acutely any neglectj difference any unkindnesa or fcdthiai, aui the husband cannot be ' tod. careful of the mother of hi'aprrsprlng'VYey uch' uiifortunatejy Is not thVcaie; wdmenmust; learn to look to the Iord, to lean on. the iTord so we teach;and sd swe belie ve, but this does r not- leave: .the hn?. r; i- right as tight aa any v ein gle;? wdmann l ever r; ; irrl TXlYRA. Aa I! said Betsey Bobbt is awful opposed to" wimmln's having i any right; ionlyjthe right to get 'rnurriediiilSbehold9,on tQhat : , . " .WOMEN'S. SPJIERE.:r .' - ly asked him for a 'little' change and was; re- torted upon with the' question "Vvhat; hast thee done with .that dime..! gave thjee' last 2 week? And many a, woman 'who lives in an said widdwVfclarped hung sujporled knew' it' was' too : - issr :ireWfeerheyayei haidavQnedjUp- - by hooXor cr6qk,, there ;are iome who wi Ifl hayo t oweyer 'niggardly the ''2 husbailof rnay Be with ihVor-nbweveVtlg- f sr.'. mon parlance to more than; their board and "ciotherf anddar privileges, an'df if Jthelr husband takes them now,and thet, to. a .theatre, or cencert makes ttfataiaiporttottt of tha'imeiiSLlotjhgj, remark1 iBigCot- Fir, Secq Wards of the jggj: nol bej " .quested the'jjresldenjs of Belief Societies who sp oney small purchasesj to be sureithey;&hu0 tempted tolwrong doing; event through unjust or unkind treatmentbut) suck Isctheebeht o human nature. Wives feel they have a right y Zinabung to he- ubaptismorthe deaTir1pd eessltySiH&iito Ztonwoodt SoutlTCottontroqd N T. "lbjlcly't what tbeywantf or InJ.etest lihi''iiicnoSbtclll Counselor prided and spoke Were present to make a tew ON B , J - ; ' - f ; V , . It js. reported that exJQoeen Isabella is to makoLwhdcm about her rjesideiic :: 7VynAT letfers pf the alphabet- are4B.most "valuable to a man" In' bnslness?i- N. : 5 U. Ak intelligent German thus expressed r 'his preferenco i for acl quacks doctor "I 1 vo iild h' t cal 1' h m H v m I n e ca t.vas d ead 