i i rr were Saturday morning the little children, Pricalled together and were organized fin to a we mary Association. Everywhere we went were most cordially welcomed and hospitably entertained, and the bestfealipg?!Pf theipeo the pie seemed to be drawn out in supporting advancement of women in the home industries, storing of grain, siik culture, In fact alt spiritual mental and industrial progression. The weather was fine, the country air bracing, and the picture which presented ittelf on . all sides was pleasiug. Peaceful vilTages valleys, with fields, just thorn of their beauty, lying bare, whiie the numerous stacks and cornricks told of the plenteous harvests; orchards just turned brown and purple, and shrubbery, nipped frost, in aljthe varieties of shade, cattle grazing on the hills, or lowing in the farmyards, herds of sheep nip. ping Closer the short grass, stands of beehives, and a thousand other pastoral bfauties, that bespoke the thrift and industry of the people. How one accustomed to the city rejoices in a is simple and visit to the country, where ruiUc, and thQjmy air o self exhilarating. In this, mountainous land wherever w o there js variety ih the scenery, and at this season of the year the rich hues of autumn foliage lends another charm to the mountain scenery. The maple, the mountain ash, the fcruh oak ajidivyiare?ablaze with i ecarlet,""or royally robed in- purple.-Everywhere prosperity seems to smile upon the homos of the Saints, and the blefsings of God crown their labors. One of the most pleasing things in our experience in these visits is to see the little children, boys and girls, called together in the Primary Associations; their smiling faces glowing with health, their eyes sparkling with intelligence, watching the speakers, anxiously expectant, and desirous to learn their part in the programme of the nes-tlefinl- be vi-it- h , ' :.. kuoweth best." it We extend our BincerejFympathies reaved narents andiamiiv:-.;; . : : !f: tothe be- - There te no fireside, howp'er.defended, But has one vacant chair." born in fit., Louis, ilo.i)&. j; iSOi: She was t. a superior and promising girl, mature in both nhvsically and mentally, beyond her year?, and this waj often? remarliedjjpon by herreiatlves land those yii6 were intimately acquainted with her. . She. poaWsd. touie of the flncst womanly qualities, which rendered her specially attractive to her. e chootmates and friends. ;In; her home sho was ,,fondiy endeariDg : herselT to . father, smother, DrOlHerS UUU J um ttiuuij wjwiip aiaa thoughtfulness pf the wisbes anddesires of others. Bhe had a ' Under heart, ever alive to the. sorrows of her associates manifesting as mueltinterest in their troubles as if they were her own. Jtfiss Flossie- (as she was usually called) was aonstant attendant at Miss Cook's school for severkl years; At ; the Exhibition given at the' close bft hoi school last summer, she recited Infelicissime,,, a very: beautiful and touehing 'poem , t he last words of which ... ; are, devel-nnmen- cher-Ishe- dr msi-txs- , -- - ; . school-houseVi- , m , -- r. BiEpof diphthertarin Skit Xake City, Wed- little Roy Clawsdn, nesday. affnobn,X). ; ypungesorof. H. , and Eller S. Claweon, ;agedbjre years and; one; months Roy was born ,8eptember 0f J87jLHe; ;did not appear, to suflVr at all during ;hls four dsys1 illness", and . pa8ed away as gen sweetly as though 16 tly-a'dc- n he was going tqlbleepilLAuntle, I'm done. e last wordsi he ever spoke. He was a moat in'terestingi child,-- affectionate In hi3 nature, and iTondly attached to his little -- ; . .. r . And the careless are the llffhi . jAgu 0f heart and light ot Tiead; And ye robe the bride tn; whiter- And ir white ye shroud the dead . - -- '. "' T 'v . I Methinks eee her now as she stood there then, in maidenly r'sweetness, full of life and -- and youthful vigor and in the beauty. We sympathize most deeply with the bereaved mother and friends, but feel astheirdea Flossie all Is well. sured that with ' .'..,'? bldoni'of-healt- .., ! . Died, in Salt Lake City, Aug, 18, 1878, Florence Emily Dunford, .youngest daughter of Bishop Geoige and Mrs. Sarah Dunford, aged 13 years, 8 months, and 2 i days. Deceased was ' plying,f wero-th- ; X i , in which time her example helped greatly to elevate the tone and taste of society In Our settlement. For six years she was President of . our Relief Society, when her feeble health would not admit of the responsibilities which that position involved... She then acted for three years as First Counselor to our present President, MrWarah Copley, in which position feho made herself very useful f till her deit 1). While her husband j Bishop Joseph S. Home, was on a recent mission to Switzerland she was ever happy, and hopeful. Her children show what a mother can do by precept and example. Her faith in God and His priesthood was unfaltering, and but a few hours before her t death she said; "If it waflolfor the priesthood. I should not bo here now.' The funeral servicei weriieJd in pur mediately before JirJIqroe started with the remains for, S.' pitywbere, they, according to her own request, y$r$ deposited. Many loving friends assembled; to, take a last look at that dear, gentle friend; and Many accompanied them to the next.settjement, Fayette, where Bro. Horne warmly thanked his friends for their sjmpatby and the kind feel' ings thus expressed. H. M. .: OiL. 15, 1878. Gunnison, I . ; There la no flocSrf iowevW watch'd arid tended, But one dead lamb la theret o i 1: - he For ten years sho lived and labored with us, W ; . -- co-work- er Socilt; &7aith-f- , : pleased our Heavenly Fatherto call to Himself on September 20, our belovfedSister Lydia Ann Welter Horne. She left a husband and four childien (one of them a little babe six weeks old), and a circle of friends as extensive as her acquaintance, to mourn hrr loss. She possessed lome of the most exquisite) womanly faculties aDd attributes. She exercised a decided influence for good, whichher sweet memory will preserve. Jl.Ier home was ever a pleasant resort td those who associated with the honor conferred upori me by my sisters in electing me to fill so responsible, position. I am thankful to my Heavenly Pather that we, the handmaidens of the Lord, are called to be with the brethren in His work in; th the last dispensation. Sisters; do we fully appreciate the privileges and bles-we enjoy through the principles and institutions (Qf: the holy. Gospel? Ilnow there are marly faithful sisters: among the young ladies - and I- - comprehend, though In a small - decree only, something of the future that lies before ' them, and the need they haVe to qualify themselves for high arid Holy duties r shall be pleased to Visit the Various branches of the Y. I. Ain thVcounty, from time .to time, whenever it ill be mo-- t officers of ever-abidfn- , her. A. tls , - 1 1 . . onwardand to all who seek ittne Holy Spirit,the Comforter, is' given, which lifts the inpurner above jsorrow and giycs that consoiauon g hone and trust in'the which is an promises, of God, aud enables us to say, God It Beloved Skiers: Having been recently chosen jfo . IN MEMOIilAMY as Superintendent of the branches of Y. L. M. I. A. in this Stake of Zion, I feel desirous to express, in a humble manner, my thanks for ul in advising and encouraging the y6ung sisters to assist in sustaining all horne Industries brothers and sisters; his death has left a vacancy In the home circle that canmorning . .of the resurnever be filled- until the i -' rection, when 'mothers- receive ineir aeau iq life;" but the great Healer .of all wounds helps he journeys to mako bur griefs less noig nan Superintendent Y. Ij.' M. I. A. ' ! - - rlT Mary A. Freeze. Officers and Members of iiie Y. I,g L A. of BaltLale Stake of Zion: receive me. w K also home literature, The young ladies snpuja read the best books and papers, thoso' that will of give them "a knowledge of the. prioeiples of eternal truth. There are many gooil , boots of prose and poetry. 1ie Harp of ZiqnjfpU inspiration, aud is mteical in exprefciou:.and There are two voldelineation of Jts tsnbjee umes of poems by Zion'A sweet fngstress,ouiL beloved Sister Eliza R. Snow, and the .Wo man's Exponent furnishes us withIoth prose and poetry of a character adapted to the Binds of tha women of Zion, and it should be sustained by our young ladies as well as the older ones; all have the privilege of contributing to its columns. Great things will be, recplred at-thands of the teachers and instructors of the young, and thero'is much need of wisdom to discharge judrdouslythe duties "devolving upon thera. May the blessing of Wod rest upon the young ladies who are' striving to be useful in their day and generation, and upon all who w6rk, is in the great Litter-da- y are ' v " the praj'er of Vonr liumblo servant, , To the wnvenntfbrthe sistetd would to the- vij 11 kers meeting. We returrfour thanks to the brethren and sisters who so cordially entertained our party, and conveyed us all from place, and especially the Bishops who opened the, meeting houses for the accomodation of the. sister?, extending them every privilege possible to make the meetings pleasant, and honoring the occasion with their presence and hearty approval of the sisters' works. Greetino fl TTt co-wor- - M. V ' ". ; ' ' - h .TOj . , REMEDIES FOR THE BLUES "What makes you look1 so down-hearte- d, if you hadrit a'frierid In the world?" asked n' Unmarried rlad of' due who" was the mother of five ' chifdrerj. ' 'Because 1 feel so," was "the, replyi'P Well, why do you feel so? Why don' i you sing and smile and think 'of the blessings which surrpund God ; for tEem and ask for thnk youamj1 queried-thr- o more, arid-b- ej nappy single ho ttouble cheerIn bejhg lady hb,;having ful hefslfcodliot see whyTotheM should. : To Iwhiptf thV wea'ry1 wife and Lm6ther re. pliedMtfouii kndw inevcr-tdul- d "slbg.,, the whlsUe; ;iliefl?'ased you don,t JWhy Bui wh here listehitQ girl? f Faithoches- i"J6r't:har-.toi:faabouit. ,l 060 Wealth is as : 4 . 1 . 1 -- ; y 7 afoundatjori ;jfol;that'-wliiclrgoe3;Tb4thV- -; iiameof1 Q66d nature. ''Afialf slckwoman loving llsually be-ir- ri 'cross,' she needs to pray Ybr grace, aud, practl-"ca- l something else to pray in manner for nlentv of hcln and nlentv of the-mo- UW Vtliy UUU Certainly, Faith' Is right f i- - st JUtO H"J lUUl LULA, 