.iWOMA N!S I EXRO.N;EN,T. 188 r r HOME AFFAIRS. r family arid frierjds; it is the genuine, peritiment of the heart .springing from the! fresh and.pura .fonntains ' within. In almost all matures utbis . "THE W03IAN'S EXPONENT.; . Reports have been recelvea from Tres clejmenTIOgcrata priue, ; or some other powerful1 controlling influence; de -veloped try circumstances or education; ''kn -What is llty lo the little child who grows up it iimtf inro? A hfirrtm drfiarv waste. iTo s6nie?' persons ot strong' mental 76r 'physical rowers thaiLrile them jwholly,1 lifV without fruitful W5worklng love mav be'made : Inkerfee .or acitrjpisrilng . svbmeiettied PUrpOSc, ,UUt IU Uiue Isaacs wuv v j'-- TfT j "pkWIAei'ioilhly, Ternift copy :n : avaricer"""'1- to'&lt- take' City; Utah. - ycaf? '12.60 We copy ila months, : ithe nlneJ 'HMir' Ten copier of AdTcrtlalng rprlce of w ua jhan vmnir rit lit iiiiii in i i m i bu - ijiiii - "!0!na - in r- c orocfco( South Temple, and First iJiExpoiieat' 'QOei ft n T a.m. w d D.m. ererr - ouuuaj - except r roar j. - j-- - -- Mr " ;;(SALT LAKE CITY, MAY. , F'lA-- ' t ' . a blitaryj tree ;in J.tbT iiesertywBich, dies la 'death" for the wactpf nature V0getMing Y iiteral ;Lrjouri8braeri leaving and sapless:; It v of beau ty j .an ti roots t dried up has the sunshine, ihas the the Wft gentlefainV nor. the. mo'isture of tbe lilis beneath thai siYe Bo is the child5 without love., Its tenderer na- with' that tiiite?. dleai; ItiliaspMieeQ-jnourisbejaffection hat ells into playe'finer Qualities soft-- il ; of the. heart, and it grows up. without the eningjttendeAiinfluencesiWblcti make, the spirit u nliable auduthe heart; yieijlng .Xq jife is so tr fiill arid complete that into which enterf all the finer elements ef pure and .genuine aitec-ilb- n. - FINI8 OP VOLUME BIX. Dumber. closes circulation so aa to enable us to nlarget, or make it a weekly. At the'endpt ch f6ume it has been the aim to do so, bu t monexpomes in so slowly that as yel; it has been utterly linpos- lbiA to do mom tb&n Keen out or aeoc t it is r'- in '"-T- he We trust the numerous friends of ' win ukb meir uimo&L. iniiupnrH threugh the agency of women's organizations In the Territory, to make. the paper all that the most earnest .workers in woman's cause could detlre, by their help., their faith and their pray- -' en; and rest assured nopalua shall be spared on onr part to sustain it. r; knowlne. .11 r.iJUMtft i' inn T" . . the song of birds.the ripple of water, r the ing of treefl(he lowing of far off klne, the bav-in- - We call attention to the card of Dr. Ellen B. Ferguson, in another column.': This lady who has been engaged in the) practice of medicine for the past fifteen years, has met with remarkable success Jri. the treatment of diseases of childreni"; especially phtherU and othe? diseases aflecting theUnrbat arid lungs. We in Music, would also announce, iha"t French and .Drawing itr4jiacte2:.byDr. Fergunext son, at her .residence; will week. r; She will also organize a. class of young ladies aod gentlemen for the study of elocution arid dramatic read ing. rM . appreciatloRof atl thbbeau ties of natare's realms; :! Etus It. Snipp,' M .1)., tidying recently public. In persons 'possessing the highest cultivation of ' thb 'heart we find the most.xalted i ' : f ioubtful whether the Women of this Territory - rcauze lue power nej noju m lueir own uauua toi coodi iii having a newspaper Jn which they Tenretirint thtr vfAirfl.'knrl ipnnntiraco ' all ' VoMAN's! homlndu8trieSl ErtONlijT- -anrirjine time,otyis pupiicaiionfJn.as;aonea . vast amount oi norae ana ioreign missionary. ..work, as we have an , abundant opportunity of J settlers; iHer advertisement g the first time, jn our columns. Mrs. Shipp thoroughly Qualified Jaereelf for the profession, we trust will receive? the patrPnage of the : - i . dence, on Main Street, well , known to all eld BopuOfpot - the Sixth Volume WTr'nVt pailUIia Vt 111 xiJMixo Buuiv iuuiii tw icuon, men subscriptions promptly and also to. wetiji the The present A -- i 15, 1878. 4 fn.r.twi frnm PhiladelDhla. has onenprt n tr:cBifd"wirrfe Salt J,akeClty, Utah. S puraim, mis, jmiABvui .yJt. Rockvillraiiderriman,rwhlchLW the publhj a? aw early aa pps on band otner proaociona in poetry ana prose but we solicit more .matter from , our contributors that we may be able to cull the beat " , Puiljaher Womah's Expokbkt, f, Ala- - sigh- bleat- - re-assem- The transit of Mercury, which took place oa to the 7th inst, gave the scientists an opportunity to test thephotohelioscope, the invention Zof M, Angot, which proxedto be effective forob- - ng or lamus, ana au voeueiigunu wunu aWeSp the tiarmpny of hature'irthy thm," the 'soft and indefinable influenceshich thrlir the soul with: music, arid make pleasant the roughest way, and brighten the 'darkest pathV strik-iD- g a sympathetic chord Jn the soul which echoes tbrbugh "all its honest empUonsl r - Jesus, in His teachings appeals dbnstaritly to fine heart, arid seldom, if ever, refers 16 the Paul declared ."knowledge pbffeth up, but charity edifieth,,, arid cfaarity is one of . the flncst qualiUes of the human heart. And ? the logic that carries conviction to the heart Is true logic, and , the snre testimony is that servations of this nature and wiXbe usefnl probably in witnessing the next transit of W nus in 1882 Photographic views were taken as It lsr exL the planet traveled across the sun. pected the labors of these scientists "durlDg the transit: will mateiially aid in a more, perfect j ebseryatlon tf the nexL transit of Venus, and i n determining the exact distance of the; eqq ; Bt. . rnVn'ttl . P"oth', 1 1 r. : EDUCATE TUE HEART. i -- : , iie Shjpp , has; the modei and fishes, (p, establish agents in city ttand county for Its s)e on nUberal terms. She has located at Mra Bu melt's mllHnery store oa below the Jo;op; Drug store, Main Street,-jusMrs. Shipp is prepared to give instruction with the sale of the model in its adaptability to practfcil nse i This model Is the '. Invention ; or aXatter-da- y Saint sister; and being a home prod uction should recommend it to use here in t he Territory. It has acquired a reputation our through the practice of years from some ofcomsisters who testify to its having been a plete succees. There is one a model for and another for tailoring,- - both eminently satisfactory to those who have used them; . which rinds an echo in the tSouL,, Faith another . element which exists in the human heart, and if cultivated, ia most, productive of love, "perfect faith is born, of perfect love." Mothers draw closely to you the hearts of your children; never let any coldness spring up, keep the fountain of love .and'aflection ever pure; you can do much towards making them - kind, tender and forbearing with , love; dp not imagine that personal habits have nothing . to do with mdlding the. feelings and pririclpltj of your children. Let the associations in childhood be such as shall draw out the better and kindlier nature,ratber than the rough' disciplin- Ing of harshness and severity by which m any a boy and girl have been driven to seek among strangers the; kindness they failed to find at ;. v, , tr home, In the hour of trial that eventually comes to all, in the time of. soriow, w hen all things ""earthly, seem empty 'J where, does the heart seek for consolation? Jn the jjDrd yes; but how dear are the tendermhiigtrationa of afiection foi which instinctlveiy as it; were, the heart yearns; then those who excel in 'superiority of heart, , whose kindly souls ."are, fullest of real ey mpathyare the .best comfarters. Heart speaka to heart in the richekq'uence of tenderness and "we weep with those who weep,'fu we mourn with those who mourn." , , Is , 1 t t nrpRfiiL Ben hi uiirrT riiiiJ. iinsiiH 111 it ruui ration of .the affections. People are too i anxious to 'eet oniri the world' . to take- time to cultivate sentiment, 'and so ono of the most J prolific sources of happinesses left bairen.t To . oi-lu- h - M'W hll I Will W'IIMIMKII.W iMIIIW 3 tJ UVI Mil V 1. V I lllllir .Aft HIIII Is left entirely to them ; many cases the Work J 'l.'il. ill. "only, possessed1 of one controlling jove mat l.'.f r passionate, allssh, aosorDS every otner gen - crbus at tachment, and consequently the effect la not to Inculcate1 generosity of soul 'and liberality of heart , This love cannot be defined as senument in anywiue sense. , . ' EvervthinEr now bends towards the cultiva ' tlon of the mind,' and.' i f the balance is pretty equally divided between, the mind and the DOdv 006 is ant to think that such n. nemon likely to make life a success... But ; to . every human soul however prosperous life may be in the aggregate, .here is an abstract element of smtitnent mat at times makes Itself per- 1 urjnuijf .en, r eneu a n . , uuti Bueari w noi wnony nara- e uursuic or Knnwivir a : er nf Om n J ... - 11 .... , . . , . ana mis iue an inward' monitor, leadi one to v. exclaim "Airis Vanity !' 1 Bentlraentin the broadest acceptation of the ; , term Isfomething so i elevating and inspiring thatjt adJs more to the i true; enjoyment of me man au me learning we gatner from books. What U it gives such sweet content to the humble cottager? 1 1 i s arnie affection foi x - dress-makin- g A few little girls fiilowing. the example of the older ones met at the rtsidenca of Mrs. B.JuWt. Smith and formed. what is:ttrraed the : . : . -' 'venlle Asfodalion LfiLlttle Oirls. :The prfsldent is ten yeais old.th'e Secretary rifue. ' Tney in ; .' have had regular meetings for sdme'montbs ', . , . l?. Schoolboy a Theoey: Teacher: "How is the earth divided my, lad?" Ans. , "By earthquakes Bir.", :.C.l'fZ:.;,;i ;; . 1 ! Y . ; . Curtis MathematixUl Mopels:, Mrs. Liz- - ; which they sing, pray and hear their testimony to the Gospel. They have recently contributed the ' riieans, bought calico and pieced a quilt, MArclJnra ,.,!! fH it tni hml tild Cbilaf611 arrau'ging a picnicbr tbV quIItbrs:;; The Hlo 4 eirla took the nfillt tcr Bisiioo1 E iward Hantef will be the uture of sucri'chlldreh lf tbey tiriue to walk in the narrow1 way. They G?od. jipen loto noble women, womeri of. con; w . 