WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 148 THE WOMAN'S her husband, her brother, or some friend? A: EXPONENT, good instance of this proxy work came under our observation when only a little girl, in the . wife of our village pastor. t. We can hut deplore the" condition of things Cdltor. . .Fabllshed, semi monthly, In SaltJLske City,, Utah. Terms; One copy one year, 12.00; one copy six months, TOOTTcn' copies for the price of nine. Advcrtlslng- - that gives woman so littlo scope, so narrow a compass, and accords to man all the space for his powers, and all the honors which the wife -- rates Each square, ten- - lines of - nonpareil spacer-one-.. time, 12.00; per month,1 $3.00". A liberal discount to ' ' , regular advertisers. corner of and South First Office, Temple, Exponent East sheets, opposite Eagle Gate. Business hours from 10 a.nuto 5 p.m. ctcry day except Sunday. t iljydrpssaUbuBineM communications to -- '- rIiaTe7 From all such abject slavery woman will yet be emancipated. It is jtbis longing for freedom that Is inspiring om& women of all the various conditions in life, to make war agai nst the bondage with which 7 th ey. have eTreuslavednd eek means, to inspire a universal feeling among s men and women for equal rights: and ; , -- r ' a-ser- mon - .,.!. - Salt Lake City, Utah. "prlvi-lege- SALT LAKE CITY. MAIiCfl. 1, r r SPECIAL LIFE-MISSION- 1878. S. r r SometimeTreceiitljr In thewr i tings 70 r an eminently popular and learned man; we read, 'The greatest nuisance in society, at the present time; is a woman who thinks 'she has a special mission. M "The writer elaborated the subject, and gave it all the benefit of his man- -, nlsh stylo of ridicule and witticism, - "These women," said he "forco themselves into all: isorts of places and speak and - harangue upon is all jsorts or unwomanly topics." In short, he inferred that the tone of society was Being de- strbyed by Vthese WOMEN,!1 who were contln- - , - termed them), and crying out for reform. So every woman, every mother, eveiy sister, ''whose soul is' pained with wrong and out- aii wim huiuu catm 19 liiieu." wnn IPPI in her lnmo3t heart that she is fitted to labor for noble object, by the inspiration of high ana noiy impulse? , to put ner Hand to the wheel that is propelling society and humanity down- waras, ana assist in arresting the tendency to .ueswucuoa or we ana neaim, must brave the odium of public opinion, and incur the risk of losing caste with modern roclety. It requires the urgent demands of a special mlEslon to induce women who shrink from all that is coarse, low, and corrupt, to stem the the current of tradition and long continued custom, and stand, fearlessly for the rights of legal protection, for the wrongs and indignities perpetrated unon the unfortunate, nnrt jcu wuuuuniiBujraQsoi rearess, ana plunged lower and lower in the sloughs of Iniquity. It is of little use to enumerate the catalogue of crimes In which men are the chief actors and women the real sufferers, but suffice it to say, there is a mission for some women at the present time, arousing them to take a decided stand for the liberty which will break thai shackles of custom, and lead them into a ' ; - . , . r ' this : broader field of usefulness, t AVhe'n men f7n- of missions complain special women, let them refer to the historical records of all ages, and see whether there have not weu, m every eventful time, women xcUV special missions. And In man v lnaf ..vov ui.ociuua uuyb ueen aciuauy given from God. Men seem afraid to trust woman to mark out ner own course of action, yet will acknowledge that woman's suggestions are generally wise in any emergency where the demand for intuition is almost imperative. woman has so much wisdom to counsel otherIf If her advice is Judicious im h r,fln.J salutary, then why may she not be capable of acting put her own nature, expressing her own views, instead of doiDg 50 by proxy through : in the sphere God has assigned them. In age, rife with improvements, and new discoveries and inventions, it cannot be expected that woman will stand still, making no progress. Woman is sensitively alive to the impetus of the grand "movements that are distinctive features of the Nineteenth Century. Her place Is beside man in all that tends to better 17 the condition of mankind. , Social life is considered to take Its tone mostly from women; then if such is the case there is need of1 woman's advancement. Tiie object of . woman's isuffrage Jsnptjodestroy men's influence for good, but to make it doubly and efficient strong by woman's - There are . women silly of yet plenty help. eneugh to drink In all the praise and flatttery of men, and find only too late,-tha- t it :was all on; -- tive workers in reformj and they express themselves as much Interested In the women of "Utah. They are anxious to become more acquainted with them and the work they are doing here. Wepublhh in this isuejin our editorial columns, Bomeof the sentiments of the ladles of the National Woman's Suffrage AssJ ciation- - We give space! also to a Memorial to - Congress, which- - we consider in ifr self to all : persons, young and old. We hopj ifc will be carefdlly perused by our patrons, and will open the eyes of some, who, having lived all their lifetime fP jsecluslon arj aiedJu4hewarsfofthe Reports onJliTS. and Y. L. M. L A. received and laid oVer for future use aress foU lows: Eighth Ward, S. L. City; North Jordan" Ward,S.L Co.; Kingston Piute Co.jVirginCity Kane Co.; Manti and Mt. , Pleasant, Sanpete Co.; We have also an article entitled "Improvement," by Kate,, and. some '.poetry and Other items. We : mention this, Jest our might think we had ' not received ihem. We would bo glad to receive more from the pens of our sisters, on any of the various subjects which ; demand attention and promote improvement, and a broader and clearer range of thought; then we would be ..akle Jo ;make selectldnVand our paper to a higher, standard of literary excon-tributo- rs , . ar-tid- es iheibyvu cellence. - -- We had intended to publish, in this uumler some of the speeches made before the commit--', tee in Congress on the Woman Question, but 'wordawords, empty words." Recently, f'A man of a writer i veryemlnent letteresjiys 0RPWlis small, and we are obliged to keep In the Quarterly Review) frankly avowed that up with' reports from women's organisations in his beau ideal of a! mistress, or a wife, was a the various districts and settlements; but we pretty woman who would sit on a footstool at will note one or two items here, which have a his feet, look up fondly into his face arid listen special Interest for us. The communications with rapt attention, and only Interrupt him to from Washington tell us that Mr. Caunon. th -whisper, that he was the bandsomest and. Delegate from Utah, was in the midst'of a very cleverest man onrearth;'rWhn meof such able argument against the pas?age of the bill, opinions are the leaders of society, what can when Mrs. Sara J. A. Spencer and Isabella be expected of the future mothers of the race? keeher Hooker entered the Committee Room. These women with missions, so dispifiable in Mr, Cannon Immediately gave way to Mrs. the eyes of the masses, are not1 the ones who Spencer," vhp Jwk,'.:up 'the argument just as f quander money, or dissipate their, powers in Mr. Cannon was mergfng from the legal to the the frivolities of fashionable life. It is not moral point ;pf view, as relates to polygamy. their highest aim to please, man, but to lift She suggested thai the bill be made io apply manhood and womanhood to a higher and to both Mormon and Gentile, and wondered " purer atmosphere. They do not waste their ' how inany men.in the Unite States' would be mornings in novels, and their afternoons in quaJlfleorto; faithfulness to calls upon the fashionable ladies of society. -- 1 be marriage vow was made the standard. They work industriously and energetically at home and abroad, and though they may hot Our EXCHajfGES of last month f have been now be appreciated, like bread cast upon the full of interest on the woman subject, as the waters that will return after many days, so ; recent discussions in Congress, the Convention will their labors be. The struggle for a wider In Washington, and the meeting in Boston all and broader Is st6 sure higher sphere have had considerable space devoted to a deresult In good, though the dirk cloud is not yet lifted, scription of the work and the workers "Wostill it grows thinner and the faint dawn of ihe man's Words contained many items of Intermorning which shall usher in the era of woest, and a sketch and wood cut of Mrs.' Sara J. man's emancipation is becoming, perceptible Andrews" Spencer, with which we were well to the quick eye of the observer. pleased, an intend to republish the brief notice of this eminent woman. Mrs. Mary A. Reynolds, of tbia city, hajai letter in the February No. of , this paper, in which she has spoknOME AFFAIRS. en for the women of Utah in a praiseworthy manner.? - Such ' testimonies ' of appreciation of : .Tue AiiATEUit, Feb. 0, published in n Jhe franchise must certainly bo productive of City, has been received, and is a very good abroad. ; With the 'Woman's Joumal" good number. Wo are glad to note the lnter- of Feb. 16,;we received a supplement; giving in ' est now apparent in the Mutual full the argument of William I.Bowditcb.'styled Improvement Associations, but there Is still need of more It gives many histoHearing." extended work in this field of labor, now ricalfacU, and is an ably written article In deas an avenue for. elevation, mental and open fense cf "Taxation without Representation." 711 spiritual, o the joung of both sexes.The TwentV-thie- d session of the Utah ' We have received recently several letters Legislature closed its t&tvmbly on Saturday from ladies in the East who axe . among the ac- morning, Feb. 23d, the Friday everiDg tesslon -- , ! : - Og-de- 'Tax-Payer- 's ? - ; 