WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 114 ment to the Constitutian of tho United; States, which amendmeut is designed to prohibit the several states and territories from disfranchising United States citizens onaccou n t of - sex ot herw iseritrjitrrini twofi men to enjoy the rights and pri viJigto of B. R BEPOBTS. Special meeting held in. the Fourteenth Ward Assembly Booms Saturday Dec. 22, 1 877rnt2 o'clock pr ra.-per - appoi n t m en t. Mis3 Eliza B. Snow 'was chosen Chairman, x.: iveiu ouureuuy, auu imsg Aray Jjirs.-iiiPresident Adams Assistant Secretary. John Taylor and others of the Apostles" were Invited 63Hre3erarth Ifmmtlngp r two exceptions Utah and Wyoming. Miss Snow dwelt eloquently upon the heroism of Edward Hunter" and Elder A. M; Musser, but in consequence of important Dusxuesj, me ureiureu ui tab quorum oi me Twelve were unable to attend However the sisters were very happy to have the com pany of the Presiding Bishop Edward Hunter and also Elder Musser-The Chairman rthe td 'sisters explained why this! special meeting had been called.1 First to transact business pertaining: to the Belief Society, : . and Secondly to discuss "Wpmins e,' the subject pf petitions, to' the Forty-fift- h Congress, etc. Miss Snow stated that President Young had inaugurated a Suf-frag- ; . fciveu every uiree monins, that all appropriations, disbursement and . matters of impbrtancejaaa vn. There is no doubt tin t i h is m ment will be of great .'practical benefit to . . those who labor in thdse Organizations, as well as of special interest . to all who" are .working for tho elevation' of mankind and the progress of the .Latter-da- y work! Miss Snow said during her remarks to the sis. Jers, that should tho sisters wish any aid in .mating out: their first reports she could probably help them to references, as she had by . her, reports ' from the different branches of the Belief Society, furnished her in making up a: full report for the Wo. jnan's Department of the Centennial Exposition. .After the first business had been dispatched, the Chairman stated that the women of this Territory baa been solicited .by: the .(National Suffrage Association, at Washington, D. C, to" aid them in obtain. Ing signatures; for the Sixteenth Amend. - , . overthe various branches of the her- position :to which she had been called. Mrs. Home made some remarks oh the Suffrage Question. 'Mrs. ZinaJD. You ng$ expressed her ideas upon Suffrage for Women and its effects upon'f their elevation and progres sion, said many; excellent things.' Mrs. Woodruff spoke opoh the ubjeet f duties and trifles and their bearing uon mightier matters, and exhorted the sisters to use wisdom; alluded to the way in which the sisters obtained the Suffrage.-Bishop Edward Hunter addressed the sis. tera for a few minutes, praising their' good works; thought he had a better opportunity than any ot the brethren to understand the great good the sisters were accomplishing in caring for the poor and sick, aud in helping to build Temples j he said it was woman's province to work in these noble and benevolent spheres, and that they were better adapted to .minister in these callings than tho brethren. The Bishop alluded pathetically to the days of sorrow that are to come to the nations of the earth. Elder A. M. Musser arose and addressed the sisters,1 spoke of the necessity of taking, out tbeir naturalization papers, those ; who had .been born in foreign lands, told them that then B would be their nrlvllpp'ft tn nrA.pfnirif ;0r homestead land, which would help to :make them independent practically. Bro. 3Iusser said he had been thinking during rtlie meeting he should like tohavo some of those honorable members of Congress, who are urging special legislature, there In that assembly. -- J2IdeiLM:usser expressed his be. lief in the essential help of woman; in all that Is calculated to elevate or ameliorate heGndition-- of society. quite in accordance with those expressed in the poem : '.. '' ' ."-'' !' ! : maintaining the freedom of religious liberty, guaranteed by the Constitution, and also to assist in soliciting for the Sixteenth-Amendme- nt. "Meeting adjourned sine die. . Our Young Ladies Mutual Improvement Association , was Aug. 7th, 3877, with the following officers: Mrs. Boletta Allen, President. . mma uns worth, imma - . ' f The hand that rocks the cradle th that rocka the wot Id. He spoke of the opinions entertained of this people" abroad, and how they were looked down upon, but said that' a great deal of prejudice was being removed. Elder Musser Is liberal In his views on what Is termed theWomtn he has Question, great faith in her capabilities and in her spiritual influence. ' The Chairman then-aros- e and made some suggestive remarks and the meeting was resolved into an Indignation Meeting, the to get aa expression of fhaori?rtn0f ol the sisters.on the petition "ing fore the House, in-whic- h it is proposed , t ': vvuuams, V . . . Saurine Liljenquist, Anna C. Liljenquist, Counselors. Jf henetta Allen. ; f I .. Marv Evans f Miss Elnora Neilson, Secretary.' :rneneua Anderson ABsjgHSec On September 25, wo were honored with a --visit from Sisters E.1V Snowj Zina D. . , : r -- oufagndlE. Davis, and rejoiced ere '. Hyiium, Cache Co., Nov. 20th, 1877. Editor Exponent: . , - in-he- . His-ideas-w- -- . Be- in:: to-da- - that-ajth- self capable but by tho assistance of the spirit' of God she would do her best in the ; re-spe- d! ; lief Society, said that she did not feel . muiu uuumiu vAauaiioui,' iiioL unairman nominated Mrs. Mary I. Horne President of the Belief Society of Salt Lake Stake of Zion; the vote was unanimous. Mrs. Elmi-n- a S. Taylor and Mrs Sarfinhi Tfpvwnnr! wore chosen as - her Counselors, and sustained by the vote of the assembly. Mrs. "'Elizadeth Howard was flnnolnfnfi Rporoiarv and Mri Maria Wilcox Corresponding Sec retary, also sustained- - unanimously.: The first Quarterly Meeting of the various branches of Belief Society, of Salt Lake Stake, will bo held in the Fourteenth Ward .Assembly Booms, Saturday March' 23d,1878 at 2 o'clock p. m. At this meeting it is ex. pewtvu u auu ;wjuri. wm do given oi the uuuuai buuuiuuu, ui.tacn 'v'ovve society by the. secretaries of the same. After the first report, quarterly re- - in the East, and the sisterly feel in & thev had mahllfsted NfoKfthe' women liiVta when -- an attempt 'waa maae i to ( repeal AVoman Suffrage in Utah two years agoand further present time, a bill was before the House of Congress waiting to be acted jx pen ,jw hi c h :was d es igned Jpd eprive 1 his people of the priviliges they now enjoy. She entreated those who had not yet become citizens to do so without delay. ; Mrs. HOrnel arose and thanked- - the sisters for the honor conferred upon her,in being called to preside in Salt Lake Stake of Zlon, and dis. Mrs. Prescendia "Kimball made quite x patriotic speech on the subject; referred to her ancestors as being valiant in the early history of the United States," and concluded by expressing her belief that Qpd was for this people. Mrs. Barney was very warm e upon-thsubject of freedom and i nd epend- cuct? auu muairaccu aeriucrw uniorr aH' strength by relating the anecdote of the King of Assyria and the bundle of sticks he gave to his son to see if he could break -them. Her idea was "a long pull, and a strong pull and a pull altogether," and we would be sure to win. Mrs. Amanda Smith spoke upon the subject feelingly, she allud. ed briefly to the sufferings of this people at the hands of this nation, and Without redress. This lady's husband and eldest son were slain byjhe mob at Haun'a mill, Missouri, and a younger son was left by the mob for dead. t Mrs. Smith herself, was shot at several times but the balls only pierced her clothing. She had a babe r arms at the ,tlme, but it was no intim. idation to the mob.. Several, other ladies spoke a few minutes, and Mrs. Woodruff proposed that the ladies express their indignation and determination to stand by the Constitution and laws of the United States, and a desire that the day, would hasten when they could live tinder the laws unmolested, by saying Amen, altogether, which was three times repeated by the entire congregation. Bemarks were make by feveral ladies bearing upon the subject under discussion, and a portion of the Christiancy Bill was read to the assembly. Considerable gen. nine enthusiasm was manifested by the la. dies, and no doubt much thought has been awakened to the subject of sustaining and j-- also Bishop she considered proper to i carry out. At a special meeting of the ladies of Weber Co. President Young had appointed Mrs. Jane S. Bichardal to preside overt the various branches of the "Belief Society In that Stake of Zlon, and had appointed ft meeting to be convened threo months from that time, at which he requested they should bring a written yGponrom each Society "Ir "the county, of their rogrssiand finance from their first organization. Miss Snow then said pursuant to this example it is the intention y to appoint a board of officers to preside in this Stake of Zlon over the various branches of the Belief Society in this county, and to hold quarterly meetings in this city, when reports will be read from each dUtrk't. or branch of Belief SoHatv in this Stake. After making these and other Woman's Suffrage in Utab pal franchise the Mormons wholesale; in-th- eir. excellent teachings; Tor which we are truly thankful and will try to profit by the'same. There sas a full attendance of the Y. il. H. I. Association; we had afgood and Interest-in- g time together, which 'will long be rein ember. '. r;..: u::io.V Our Association ndmbers - seventy-fou- r members.- We have subscribed fifty dollars to the Logan Temple, our organ-- i station we have made six qu II ts and numerous other articles. We have purchased two books, entitled "The Women of and "TheFalestineV' Tourists," " - -- and-sinc- o Mor-mondo- which contain' much good reading and we hope to make our" meetings more Interest-lngwit- h . :Lf them. ; r Knowing the good your valuable pnpf-Is doing,' we pray lor its extended circulation. Your sister in the Gospel " n' :; Elnoba Neilsen, Secretary. ? - - r - r -- 