WO M'AN'S E 92 mHi 5 liWUMAJN Lull - vraT2slied Term 0ne 1.00 ril: Bqal-monthl- in Salt r, taka CItr,'(TJUh. eyjotreear, fone.eojyjiaonths,e ; 'Each' square,' text llaes f nonpareil fpace, one liberal diseopat.to Ume,J2.00vrper montlj, S3K).q lExrtmeat nho'dI 'y.oir' niw m& tai,o01d Sheets Bfeiipcss hours Nbltip DClcEvEoom rom 10 tm. 1J5 p.nii erery day ex Address aU traBcsf coxnmanloiUpQB t . to ,. : u : Vice-Preside- nt ; ; ? ? yL f ; -- nl "Vocal Mu8ic,,t arid the ITook closes with a 8oDg and chorus expressing Something of the mission of the Elders in these last days. The Geneiul Retrenchment Meetingih the Fourteentn:,yard Aaiemoly Rooms, Saturday, p. m., was one of'nslderable interest. There was a: goodlymumberof rrepresentatlveladieT iu the staDd and on the platform. Mrs. M. Isabella Horne presiding.. There were presnjt of the by invitation Miss Iwsee, National Wbmah's Christian Temperance Union, and herc worker in her labors Mrs. Langdon; these twq ladies are from Kew York City; Rev. Mrs. McEldowny of Salt Lake City was also present.- After the exercises of sing Ing, prayer, minutes: e previous meetlug and minutes f Junior Associathms were over Miss Mary Freeze a'"iittje glrlabout eleven years of age, reaii iber miq ntea bftne Primsry Association of the Eleventh Ward. This i quite a new feature ef interest' in these meetings. Mrs. President cHorne then: arose and presented the subject of Plural Marriage, that being a topic rndch ventilated at the present time by those who oppose it. She then proceeded tomake some remarks upon the subject herself, giving her ideas, and Items of her own experience in general terms, bearing a strong testimony to its truth. The subject Was fol. lowed out by Mrs. Ziua D. Young and Mrs. E, be." said of , ' TchJbplea for; tW price of nine. Adfettialng rcgidaradTCrtlMra; let it not Uw-Jo- dlfr. ; N B N T. O yon rhurrfan thit yon Jolte the .sacred or a aDeumg jn, crusade kindness, by aiding azainst vbur MormosistersI .Many of those engaged in the crusade bafe once' been! inem- .pers.oi.. me, same, iraieputy uiey nave oorne strong testimonies io iu iruiA tfivwq. urospeii, . and the graves, of tho3e tbey;lpved are tere in Zion; their relatives and friends wno died ,n the faith, against whleh,they are now arrayed. o Why should yon ssek to oppress, or make more heavy the burdeps of fJ.ifo for , any sister, or brothei?yWho constitutedpu jadgea? You worship God Jiere in freedom ,and swrk . to advance yonr own individual religious interests; .doeaanyBady coerce you, or hind erydu in the freeexerciaa of social or religious freedom? Why dai you desire ttore-- Oder Mormdh society? Have you a system or code of social laws to in troduee Uhat will dry up the J fountains of lnlqitity Iti tho world? If jouj 'have indeed then' yeUr ileslbn c is '? ah espenUalancf timely one, and Owl speed euch a work. The Mormons are' in their way solvxtlmepiUgt ing 8 problem, you may ii it aftd'am'ethod Jftnd one that has' been Intro- torti ducebtWoUe !$es ''piffixliL'l 1 rm -- O, Christian, women, X-P- y. - of-tb: m , i THE jNBy B US A.DB; i y -- TiiEBB Is much. agitation i c st: - at.ttje pxe3ent time herein Utah, on the subject T pf, plural marriage. Those whg oppose H are seeking to strengthen their force3and sound a loud irump of aUrm . alij oWrj theUniteoi jBtateaji j calling upon all Cbrtian- - men jand wornen to '4qal. jtheni in . growing, evjljj rwhlch to j plant :on. American ormops have ; dared iootini up jtb4s.; terrible, :.!;When men aniwomenlecteriupo a crusad , it should be with sober thought and mature leflection. rNo wise man: or ; woman can say to the contrary. iThese'oppdsers of Mormon farin clples feel that they are outragad by iho prac- - . tlr which they so Joathe and abhor, and they have risen up in "their might no w to wipe out ' fiom the face of this fair land the monster What proof have they; thai God isxllspleased With this principle, or its practice? ' If they are the followers of Christ they want God on their side. (Man proposes but Gtd disposes'1 is one of the truisms which dally experience attests to. This people called, or Mormons, as mere handful to came here this desert land a it were, a band off ugltlves, com pelled to brave . mis-call- ed the perils of . ihe, wllderneasor renounce their peculiar faith. They, had no weal tb,' scarce te.'bare nectalUee of liffj to .repeal the story of their poverty 'and hardships all bravely endured for the sake of their faith, were only to harrow up In thousandf of hearts, griefs and miseries now, jburjed in the .archives of !the past; but the Lord !has Mese4 this people in these valleys far, away frotri civilization, and they have increased in number; and prosperity has crqwned the labors of their bands and brain. and diligence Through their industry many have been brought from foreign lands, wfierei the handbf the' oppressor ;f Ia? heavy Am erica upon the1 poor, to the home of the free and the 'brave." Has any 11 other people the tame record1 JJfo!aDurlrV , , have you so, be balm f' to offer or the woeis of 'those ou.rsged "and oppressed , by "men; some 'aure ath hy Jwhlchih ey jriay :rauro ;ihtb the presence or ineir ureaipr, .u you nave, ueu help them, for they are sorely n need brsuceor. The .wrongs of women betraye and abandoned are. crying from the thousand dtlea i;of. the worlcUwThe crimes of which., these poor de fenceless women are accused, are Crimea which must be answered before Gq4 by their pitiless seducers and betrayers. Ask Congress tp make, or devise some method by .which women may be protected and avenged for wrong committed against their ' most : aacred feelings, their virtue and their honor; beseech them eg!ected progeny which 'swarm ' the icities 6f the United States, and growing np in infamy and crime are filling the prisons with criminals. The desire of the marital relationship ) between man and womarnis for the perpetuation ' ; at some length on the subject, giving items of experiences in the Church, remniscences from the earlier days and time Of poverty and wanof the oppression derings of and persecution this people had suffered or the .pakeQf.theirreiigion;.of the glorious future there :was in. store for tboee who remaimd :the'ina!so ;! J j faithful.5 Mrs. Pres. Horne then invited the strangers responded iu a present to speak; Miss-Losefew words, aa the time wat far advanced. She faaidshe was. here in, 4he interest fof the 1 s . ; -- : e : 1 Union,'" o labor f for;the interests . of temperance, and would lecture on Thursday, the Utb, at 3 o'clock p. m., at Independence Hall. Afterwards the congregation, arose and sung part cf the hymn "The Spirit of God like a fire la burn-ing" Prayer by Coun. Ei Howard. 3 4 to-da- ? ; these years the Latter-da- y 91 ntstave ' continued tri'the prabtl8e'o7 plural m arrlage? And where are the proofs of theT Almighty's dplea-sure- ? ' Theatre, Salt liake; City, Saiurclay, Kor. 16, at 2 p. jn., to protest against, the miwepreienta-"tioand falsehood now being circulated, with a view to areuse, public indignation against our people;, and to declare our fen timents upon the subjects' at present being agitated. A general "attendance of all women interested Is desired. y n - . : " Zina D. Youko, :ruj M. ISABELLA '':'.. .. EMMELIbB. : i be held on Saturday Nov. 16, JpSEPH Young, Ben., has laUly neat little pamphlet of sixteen pages, Issued a eu titled 'History of the Organization of the Seveutlt" It is"embelllrheuwitiia likeness pf Joseph Smith the Prophet and a view of the Kirtland Temple. '? It contains several Items Pjilsident their-effor- ' despised people. , . Do you realize, you. who are so loud in' the institution? of the Mormons, that JAM just possible thatjQod may have spoken: to this people, and if. so what are you doing? Weigh well the consequences and think, whether you are prepared to answer for all the misery and suffering you are "Invoking ppon a peaceful, happy people who feel they are conscientiously living in obedience to a divine law; ng the history of the and the 'names of the Presidents and Church, of the First and Second Quorums of Members Beventies, ordained under the hands of the Prophet Joseph Smith and his two Counselors, Sidney Itigdon and Oliver Cowdery, on Ftb in the town of Kii tland, Geauga Co. Ohio." Enoch and HIV Ci ty is the subject of one : Chapter.;; A very excellent article 6a wWch was to is postponed until PRIVATE CORRESPONDENCE. of interest connected with S3, 1835, WELLS. Saturday, 3, on account of f h Mass Hectic! iu the Theatre. This will give the sisters Utile more time to make out their reports, and we hope to hear from all parts of the Territory about grain and granaries. HOME AFFAIRS. half of this people when famine and war stared them in4the facet. If the people were so wlckedt it is strange that God shduld have, so wonderts to buUd.up.and fully prospered make pleasant the waste places, ".until the stranger marvels at the success of this pwr, outcast, HoBNP, The Annual Grain meetlLg, . llai' ft fnot" vtilbly luterostdin-b- e the convene at tbe Mass MEETiKa, A mass meetlrig .of wmen of Utahr is called to plenish the earth." But what isthe condition ? TEvjefy , one.'5 4 quafcteji of the world with statuses of crimenowsIjit all oil&ot unholy, means are belng'used. o desVrovinsteaii of propsgate human life. These are the Jbhags that demand attention. These are the evils of modern society, not plural marriage. ; per is labor for the million; lift up, the alien, comfort the sorrowing, and let Mormon wpmen alone; for rest assured they know how to. take care of themselves and their, children, born in holy covenants. -- de-nouncl- Bi."Wells, who each of tntir own existencVs In' posterity Tills is lawful and proper.and jwitt tbfs God' is piea$ed and thus has he (jommanld'Muhtply anu re- . . ! 1 !"' ' Dear Sister C--: . :m . . 1878. FEB.8, ' . :. . d My husband tells me you would te pfcasf to receive ' a: letter from me jf I felt like writ- ing to !you.' I assurelyou;t fcltthe illi towards you, but hearing you were very knew you cyuid not "write fo thpught'I ou.d ar send you a'fewlicesr I Eincerely hof yoa 