WOMAN'S EXP ONE NTi THE "WOMEN OP MORMONDOM: ihatIsmost-willing- ly The Piovo "EAquirer" thus speaks upon a matter which.will doubtless interest all patrons of the Exponent ; "While in American Fork on Thursday last we met E. W. Tullidge, Esq,, author of The Lifeol Brigham Young' and 'The .Women of Mormondom through Utah County for "the purpose of advancing the sale of the last named work, e- . great number of copies of which he has Z ,1. V with him. "Considerable ha3 been said of the 'Women of Mormondom,' but until now the people of this county have had no opportunity to form a correct or just estimate of its merits. Mr. Tullidge is a gentleman who, from long years of experience and observation, is capable of representing to the world the facts relating to the history arid social life of the Mormons. He is not only thoroughly conversant with the subjects he has written upon, but is one of the most gifted literary men of America. In Utah he is admitted to be so, and werait not for his well known Mormon associations and predilections we have no doubt his genius would be more generally acknowledged. "The Women of Mormondom is veritably a woman's book. It represents that class of human beings so universally pitied, maligned and scornedthe Mormon women; ' 1,-- reward.;--- I pray tion of the means derived- from its sale is to be applied for the benefit of those orga' ' ." nic lions. - CORRESPONDENCE. St. George, Dec. lG, E DiToit-ExroNE- 1877. sr: fully-realizin- in our g Father's cause. I think if the many readers of the Exponent could Imagine the dally labors of wany 0f our sisters In St. George, they ouid be quite astonished. Our Squires constant labor, iimo and Temple talent, are willing to ' L. S. C. FACTS AND FIGURES. The Geeatest City irt the World. London is the greatest city j the world has ever se en ... It is the heart of the British empire and the world. It covers within , Spencer, "and the territories." The .chairman assured Mra.1 Spencer, that, the committee would take her request' lritb careful consideration, and would report tolherih the writing The hearing 'must ' be Rafter' : 1 kses :'J aredisposed of.;, present the 15 miles radius of Charring Cross, near ly 700 square miles. It numbers within these boundaries 4,000,000 of inhabitants. It comprises 100,000 foreigners from every quarter of the globe. rircontalns mor " Ror man Catholics than Rome itself j more Jews than the; whole toff Palestine iriorariHsli than Dublin j more Scotchmen' than Edinburgh; more Welshmen than Cardiff; more country born persons than the counties of Devon, Warwickshire JindT Durham corn-- , bined. ilas a utesj has a death In it every'eight minutes; has seven accidents every day in its 7,000 miles of streets ; has on an average 2 miles streets opened, and 9,000 new houses built every: year; haij 123 persons every day, and 45,000 annually added to its population ; has 1,000 shlpS; arid 9,000 sailors in its support every day : Has 117, 000 habitual criminals on its police register, increasing at an average of 3,000 per annum. Has more than one third of all the crime in the country committed In it; has 23,000 persons living in its common lodging houses ; has as many beer shops and gin palaces as would, . if placed side by side, stretch from Charring Cross to Portsmouth a a distance of 73 miles; has 38,000 drunkards annually brought before its' magistrates; has as many paupers as would,more than occupy .. " every house in Brighton ; has upwards of 1,000,000 of habitual neglectors of public worship; has 60 miles of open shops every Lords day ; has need of 900 new churches and : chapels, arid 200additibnat city missionaries; has an influence with all parts of the world, represented by a yearly delivery ixuv t grant the ? . let nt3rK5Staindlstricts--or280,O0O,q00"Of ters. London has 150 railway stations. Seven hundred trains pass Clapham every day. The London omnibus company have 5G3 omuibuses.Jwhich carry 50,000,000 passengers annually. It is more dangerous to walk the streets of London than to travel by railway or to cross the Atlantic. Last year 125 persons were killed in the streets. There are in London 10,000 police and 10, 000 cabmen, 10,000 persons connected with the postoffice. The cost of gas for light Is annually 2,500,000. .London has 314 daily and weekly newspapers." In the year 1875 there were 573 fires. This ancient and famous city of London was first founded by Brute the Trojan in the year of the world 2,832, and before the nativity of Christ 1, 130, so that since the first buildingJt Is 8. 007 years old. . vr: theBEyeningBtarjVjNov. 20; !Mr. Wadleigh,, chairman .cf the, committee f on Privileges and .Elections, upon calling' the committee to order this morning, requested them to proceed immediately to the consid. eration of the ?eqqest of trie NatldnalWo-ma- n Suffrage Association for; a.bearirig in behalf of a sixteenth amendment; for the protection of h the rights of women citizens. After hearing1 Mrs' Spencer 'state (he request definitely, upon motion of Judge lloarvjtheTcommltfe unaUlriiously voted to of-ne- w -i- Having read a number of Reports from our sisters in the Territory in regard to storing grain, and that in Dixie Land we can do but little in that line, this not being a grain countrywo cannot raise enough to eat. and much time and strength is consumed by our brethren in going north for our supplies and fearing that we as a people may not be fully understood, and be considered as drones in the great beehive, I beg to say, in behalf of my dc'ar sisters in St. George; that wo are a very Industrious people, faithful workers God to bless all who - n the exercise over their minds of undue influenced, and for those imaginary reasons the women of Mormondom have been made the objects of pity rather than of condemnation.- While appreciating this charitable view of their condition, however, the women of Utah, through Mr. Tullidge j have undertaken to place themselves in a proper light before the world." They are voluntary disciples of Mormonism and esteem their relationship thereto as wives, mothers and saints, above all else on earth. This is their position, and they do not wish the world to be misled in regard to it. "The book has been published by the n of Utah, and, besides the moral good 7 it will accomplish, it is likely to prove a pecuniary advantage to the Relief and Re-- , trenchment Societies, as a considerable porwo-me- ? '. saypitiedbecause theirocial , lieved from political disabilities, or f from the burdens ot taxation. At tho last fies; sion you had before you petitions from ten thousand United States citizens, asking for a constitutional amendment protecting the ri ghts of women citizens, : I hold petitions of a similar character from fifteen States, and amjassured by correspondents' that peii. tions of this kind are; in circulation-i15, 000 post office towns In everyj state In the Union. I came to ask that this committee will appoint a time to hear one woman from every State in behalf of the petitioners from her owri:lectfQiu?!Tvr States? asked f Judged Hoar, , Thirty-si- x f - Your Sister, : relation- ship to the Mormon work not being understood or appreciated, has been viewed by some as the result of fanatical teachings, or petitIoii3troniiiIflfererifelections bf!4 trie" country, asking that women citlieris be re- do their part, in every department of work for the good of this people. -- we From the "Evening Star (Washington, D. 1877. Tho Committee on Priva) Nov.and12,Elections ileges suspended their Investigation of the Kellogg case on Saturday to- receive a message and request fromrtha Na tlonal Woman Suffrage Association, through the chairman of the, resident congressional committee Mr& Sara J. A Spenfeytr YourhaW beforeyou eleven Spencer said great "giyeriVfcThe amount of washing and ironing, arid tho time devoted to the work in the Tcmplo is immense; and all this labor is done cheerfully by the sisters of the Relief Societies. When I reflect on the amount of labor that is accomplished, day after day, by the faithful sisters, I cannot help asking the bless ing of .our - Father and -- His sorvants-to-bupon us as a people. Tn this Southern land" we cannot store grain (many. can hardly obtain enough to eat), but we labor faithfully, and trust in our Heavenly Eather for our .' ? a 119 9, 1878. i- - hearing? :10Y'30 '"'-y- - - a. m January economy: Pe'rha pai there is riowbrd id the, English ianguago that .has been so foolishly . meaning as theword economy. Most people thirik of it as laying 'of money, as though 6 be 'economical was, in a 'cer--; tain sense, to be stingy or mean.' Now, economy in its true interpretation is the art of management is tho wise adaptation by which, we. arrange. 4ime,-- health - and strength so; as to produce the best results It is. human labor and opportunity'' wisely and well ; applied ; ; not a : mere saving or hoarding but rather a,wise investment and expenditure of - what we have. The younr -?txiono3r man;who saves- th oame amouri which his friend, who has equivalent means, spends in attending a French or German classr In learning the rudiments of science, e Is in no sense economical. The; day when knowledge of French, or., German will be of far more yaiue.to hirix' than all the money he . saved up by riot paying for the 'learning, of these languages lie will lose a higher rappolritment,' into which: his more cultured friend will step, and will be obliged to drone on in the position heaT first occupied, because he is hot fitted for a better. " Time and opportunity" are now gono foreverj and werewasted while he saved his little hoard of 'silver or of gold. t nar-rbweoVIri- t . : t--of will-com- . -- Tnc science of life may lbu3 epitomised to know well the price of time, the value of things, and the worth of people. ( bo Jts . 