v WOMAN' S EXP ONE NT " T . 7 A LEAF FROM AN AUTOBIOGRAPHY. CONTINUED. During this journey the Prophet Joseph of, ten prophesied of the destruction that would come upon the cities of the Eastern States, and especially New York, that in that city there would not be left a vestige of its grandeur. That wars would soon commence in our own land, which last has since transpired; he said to my husband it Th1y "reject: us they shall have our testi- mony, for we will write it and leave it updoor-step- s and he window-sills- ; prophesied of the desolation by fire, by storms, by pestilence and by After their return from the East they traveled together up to Missouri, and while upon this journey my husband had his ankle broken, and through the power of the ade and ministration of the faith, he was relieved from all pain; but by Joseph's counsel returned home. During all these absences and separations from my husband I never felt to murmur or com. plain in the least, and although heretofore ray husdanrt's time had been devoted to the business he was engaged in, and of leisure to his. family in private : yet I was more than satisfied to have him give all, time, talents and ability into the service of the Kingdom of God; and the change in our circumstances and associations which were consequent upon our embracing the Gospel, never caused me a moment's sorrow. I looked upon it as a real pleasure to give all for the sake of my faith in the religion of Jesus, considering all as nought in. comparison with the example of our blessed Savior. We had a very fine orchard and garden, all planned and arranged according to our own taste and skill, among other fruits we had a very great quantity of the red currants, from which we had ourseTvesmanufactured wine of a very superior flavor and quality, although purely domestic, or home-madthis wine we had appropriated for the sacrament, and was the first wine used by our people for that purpose. It waVabout this time my husband was ordained a Bishop by revelation and commandment from God. , He was willing to accept the as he did, that Joseph' was a true prophet, and that the only sure way to obtain blessings and promises was through obedience; yet he felt that it would require a vast amount of patience, of perseverance and of wisdom to magnify his calling. We had always been in the habit of friends and acquaintances genand erously hospitably, but after we received the Gospel we did not feel like using our means and time in a way that would only benefit tho,so who had an abundance of this world's; means. According to our Savior's pattern and agreeably to the Prophet Joseph's and our own Ideas of true charity and disinterested benevolence, we determined to make a Feast for the Poor, such as we kliew could not return the samo to us; - the lame, the halt, the deaf," tho blind, the aged and infirm. earth-quake- s. Gospel-ordinanc- his-hour- s e, position-knowing- enter-tainingo- ur . To .bo continued. Now brown October comes, with russet face and crown of autumn leaves, and va- riegated garments rustling in the wind, and keeping time , to music of the forest boughs. How great a woman's love! How unHow bounded and truly noble, pure, refining and elevating! It Is stamped in her every" feature. Every movement, look, word; or action, portrays the great love she bears humanity. It is her greatest charm, her grandest endowment With It she governs tho world. By this great gift she refines and elevates all mankind; all succumb --to it, arid love and Woman can never praise the possessor. suniciently thank God for this great blessing, nor fully realize" nor admire the great wisdom and beauty He exercised in be- stowing it on her. 'WithouTtHe pure love possessed by woman, what could she have accomplished? How much influence would What she have held over the world? pleasure could have been felt in her presence? Or what effort would she have made to "gain the love and approbation of God? None whatever; her life would have been her devoid of pleasure and usefulness creation would havo been almost in vain. Ihcaculable good has been brought about by the ties of true friendship; pad hearts have been cheered, oftentimes, by the sympathy of a true friend. In every time, is prized and Christian cherished, and all those who have ever felt its blessed influence, can not" choose but cultivate it. Life, to moy would 1)0 bereft of Its greatest charm, if the effect of friendship were not felt. By a law of our being we are compelled to love one another, but, through carelessness and not adhering to the laws of nature, wo have grown to disregard the importance of this great relation, ship, and allowed ourselves to become our first care and claim our greatest attention. But this should not be. We must cultivate and strive to love for our more strictly keep God's commandments, and lovo our neighbor as ourself." Without friendship there is no union, and without union there is no strength. We are all sisters in feelings and objects, and now all we require is to unite, and merge our efforts into one community of kindred souls. O how great should be our struggle to gain such a consummation! In life there is nothing sweeter than the pure and confiding love which woman gives to her husband. No ties on earth are so sacred aqd. binding as those of virtuous wedlock. True love and chastity between husband and wife aro indispensable to happiness; where this does not exist, there is-- no true refining influence, no joy. The Spirit of God is far away, and all is desolate and degrading. Oh, let us carefully guard ourselves, that we may not be engulfed in that fearful abyss. Let us keep both body and soul perfectly pure and holy, and . plead constantly with God to keep us from all wrong thoughts and actions. The love which God has given to mothers, for. their children, outreaches all other feelings. It springs spontaneously from the heart. It i3 a natural, pleasant duty, which none but a mother can perform. No n Is so pure, so free from so guile, tender, devoted and enduring as a mother's love. .Nono but a: mother can experience that heartfelt joy, on greeting a child just returned from a long absence, or grieve over its sorrow, as she can. God has made this a law of our being, and no one can become a mother without feeling maternal yearnings; therefore, no one can fill her place, either in their affection for their offspring, or their influence over them. O mother, what a great responsibility rests upon you! heart-friendshi- p fellow-creature- Tho ch aracters of your children are in your hands; to agreat extent: under your control! the plastic clay is in your arms; oh, be careful In molding them, : and wisely uso your wervi34 Especially must mothers mold or fashion tho morai characters of taeir children; they are the main educators ariol Without n all other is useless; sinless they learn good manners at home theyjwill - bo coarse and vulgar through TlifeOEnlessi they are taught refinement of sentiment and delicacy of thought and feeling- at home, they will never "possess it in any Their intellects mest receive an early maternal direction, and their minds be developed and drawn out, and a thirsting alter kribwledgo" exorcised f by T their mothers. YouIead a want of time. But should you not attend first to that which Is most important! And what other duty; has God given you that is as momentous as this? O think of It! No mortals fill any relation to be compared-wit- h yours. The vice or virtue of your children depend most on the training they receive at your hands. It should awaken the deepest emotioris hearts, and causo.you Jo.awaken from every energy your lethargy, and put forth : of which ou:are capable. Pray earnestly and constantly for wisdom, for grace, to guide your children in paths of nobleness and purity. Educate yourselves, that you may be able to better ed ucate your chil-- d reri. jSho w ihem by ;)racticd thatl wha t : you teach them by precept Is correct Oh, when I see so many of bur youth growing I thlrife lib w easily up in ignorance-whe- n so many are carried away willing: captives "by corrupt and degraded men, I trem ble for the future. iBut Jf the mothers would be more careful, and teach their daughters in their youth to guard against all such evils, arid store their minds with 'pure and true a knowledge, this' would be: remedied-tgreat extent, and much good would be done. I know that a mother's love is not deficient in the quantity she loves her child enough, but not aright' But mothers must learn to love their children , intellectually and morally Ive them,but-guid- e their in maternal yearn gs by enlightened intellect, and govern it by high moral feeling. I would say to the unmarried, don't spend your time in arraying yourself for the convivial ball, or party, or changing the fashion for your new dresses your1 have other more their-destiny- -Is self-sacrificin- g! d, their fFof the Exponent. WOMAN'S LOVE. tho My husband traveled with Joseph citProphet, through many. of the Eastern ies; bearing their testimony and collecting means towards: building a Temple inKirt-lanand also to purchase lands in Missouri. on I I s, ' ;JfV home-educatio- - de-gre- e. of-yo- i : o : . r : pas-sio- ur 1 -- noble and higher duties toerfprmiiPre-par- e yourselves to become wives and mothers. Study.diligently, and .embrace' every ; opportunity to improve your minds and lend you now grace 'and wisdom.' "Cultivate in your hearts a lover for everything: that, is refining .and; beneficial, and never think you are too good to Assist your mother in any household duty 6r honorable labor of any kind. - Lay aside all affectation, and adorn yourselves .becomingly in nature's" ';aoveHdess.'.Beyb3taycsas .Q6d created you, and you will be moat happy and lova- ble. O then, let us strive, in all bur walks through life, to bo worthy of the great, c; 'Jdvewe;: receive"! from God. -- It Is tho most blessed gift He can bestow. Let us carefully nourish love for all God's gr; 2 children, and constantly seek "the benign Influence It exerts.Il;Wjithbut Itf we would become low and . degraded, and-los- e all for intelligence and "purity. Bat the more wo possess, the greater will be our in- - fluence, vthe more glorious our achieve-ments- , the purer bur lives, and the nearer wo shall be to God. - - It is tho.fulfillment of the law.' C. E. H. de-si- re 