WO MAN' S EXP ON E NT. juuiiicu ugaiu iu iuo ioijjo auuijauu "Joseph Young made eome eloquent and touch ing remarks upon the life, character and labors of his beloved brother Brigham Young; also h work r of the Latter-d- a vs and the glory awaiting theBatnts who endure to the end. Gounselor D. H.- - Wells by invitationoftho President, Miss El R. Snow,' also spoke feel ingly of the many associations and tender reminiscences which had beencallei up by coming into the house of the departed prophet and brother, who had been go many years the esteemed President of the Church. Alluded to ihe- - First the brethren of4he -- Quorumof Presidency who . had . passed away 'Willard JRicharda, Jedediah M. Grant, Heber C. Kimball and George A. Smith, now followed by their leader and beloved brother, BHgham Young. Hymns were sung by Prof. Thomas And wife, in which the assembly jblued. The meeting was a pleasant one, and a goodly portion of the Spirit of God rested upon all. r Pbovo, March . Editor Exponent: Died, at her residence with her mother, in the 14th Ward, Salt Lake City, on Monday the ' 11th inst., Sister- - ..: '. D. . ' In all her afflictions she was dutiful, faithful and devoted, whether as a daughter, a wife; or a mother to her only child. The few last years of her life were a period of continual suffering, which she bore with sTiiX-l- y patience an resignation without a murmur, and looking forward with pleasing anticipation to the happy release that, awaited her, after having came up through; much tribulation; and in the blessed assurance thather gatments were made White by the blood of the Lamb. 19, 1876. , : : 6-- t . Tor the EjcpoNEjrp, Died, at Lake :Town, Rich Co., March 17,1878, Eveline, beloved wifeSunday of Joseph G. Williams, and daughter of Willard and Rosamond F. Green, leaving a baby three weeks old, and two lttle girls, besides a large circle of relatives and friends to loss She died in full faith of a deplore her glorious resurrection wtb the Saints ; tory takes up only half a chapter, it is very full anuxprcssiy$IIer.JiusbandTwa3 a churlish. and penurious man,' and a drunk, ard, and rudely refused David, the champion of the armies of Israel, supplies for his starving soldiers, and David determined to nf armfAs that: v had in all courtesy solicited, and had been refused; Abigail being apprized of his lnten-- . tion, calls her servants and orders them to i:niin.L a liiiiiiiiJiiin auu nuiiuuiti uitntuiL iiii the generalissimo, and taking five of her maidens to accompany her, sets but for the Camp of Israel, and when she saw - David IaIta hv fnrt?A whlnVi h 1 SCRIPTURE WOMEN; BY HANNAH T. KING. continued., ;.-.- eastern t?alaam of bowing her face to the - r NAoiii. Theso two ;mo3t lovely and exemplary characters, can never be ieparated in time or , in eternity. The history of Ruth ought to be! read and studied by all young girls, and indeed even ma-- r ture characters must be edified by the study of her purity and devotion. Naomi was she having been left her mother-in-lawith two sons, Ruth, being tho vife of one of them, but soon both the young men died, and their young , widows then gave fond affection to the moth er of their loved ones, she also loved them Very much; but after a little while, Naomi feeling bereft and desolate, resolved to return to the . land of Judah, and advised her daughters- inJaw to remain each in tthe hQuse.of her husband. Rut they wept bitterly at the thought of parting with the mother of their , beloved husbands, and felt they could not leave her, but she used all her own sweet logic, full of beautiful principle, that at last, weeping bitterly, and kissing her affectionately, Orpah consented to do as she wished her, and she bade her farewell; but t the love and devotion of Ruth "would riot allow her to listen to1 her words, but clinging to her she sobbed forth "Entreat me return from follownot to leave thee, or-ting thee, for whither thou gbest will goV and where thou lodgcst,' I will lodge; thy people sbairbo my people, and thy God my God ; where thou diest, there' will ll be bp,.; ried; the Lord do so to me and more also, if aught but death tart thee and me.. Then -Naomi could not resist her love, and devb. tioa to herself; and permitted- her" to ac- - , in : company her; and they went and dwelt ' Bethlehemj in the house of Naomi. And l Jluth was obedient to her counsel' like a Tchildahd they were received by a very rich man, and treated with kindness, and consideration, he was a relative of Naomi's ' -'- and in due timo he took ftuth as h3 wife Ruth, and beautiful, yet vigorous and prophetic ; and 7 David was so charaedby her modest eloquence, that he accepted her present for his needy soldiers and cancels the order he had wrest by force from?Naba that which he had so bhurlihly refused, and David can didly told Abigail that the 'Lord had sent her to him to prevent ' him shedding the blood of her jhouseholdi and bid her go in peace to her house "see I have hearkened to thy voice, and accepted thy peace . - w, y - character is- - without spot or blemish, no other in tho sacred IScriptures, (except the Savior) can be so spoken of; and she carried ' him up to tho Temple and said, "I Jiave lent him to the Lord, as long as he liveth," and he worshipped the Lord there. For the Exponent. Our beloved sister, Cecelia Peterson,' departed this life Friday, Feb. 22d, after a lingering illness of four months. She died as she had lived a faithful Latter-daSaint, and true to of every principle the Gospel as it was presented to her. She has been a member of the Relhf Society tince its organization, in 1868, and a Teacher; was ever faithful to her duties, and always on hand and ready to help whenever she was called upon. Her sufferings have been great for a long time: she died of dropsy. ' Her faith In the ordinance of laying on of hands was steadfast to the last. She was one of the first to enter into the business of sericulture and was mot successful. In Shter Peterson we have lost a faiihful member and an earnest and Indefatigable worker. She leaves a sorrowing husband to mourn her loss, with whom we deeply sympathize. ;" She was aged year?, and was a native cf Denmark. M. F. C. Morrison Mt. Pleasant, Feb. G, 1878. i was reared in the Temple of the Lord, his l. Graves, Martha Williams. ; je that terrible complaint which consigned that so'many of place, and from which she barely escaped but never recovered frdni the terrible consequences cf that illness to know a day's health after. . y " -- -- 21. SUter Jano Miles, wife of Ed win B. Miles, departed this life March 14th, i n her 3Sth year, after a few days illness, leaving a husband and children to mourn her loss. - Sister Miles was much beloved and respected by all who knew her, faithful in her duties as wife and mother. She has spent; her whole life in this Church, and lived and died a faithful Latter-daSaint, much eateemecLand beloved. It can be truly said of her, she rests in peace, in sure and certain hope of a glorious resurrection with the Sinithfidd, Cache Co., March . . jzSaintst hey- -j 9U rneyedto Vintejr Quartersr-- 1 where 8!ter Laura isuflkreil lopgand severely-from ' OBITUARIES. just. Richards,. daughter ing their journey as health and means permitted, located with the gathering Saints in Han4 cock County, Illinois, in 1841. In 1846, with the general exodus of the silk-wor- m, ": S. accorui n g to tne law oi meir. mi in , ana through that lineage, i in after years, came r , the Sayior of the world. Nowwe come to Hannah, a woman remarkably blest of tho Lord, sho; was living in plural marriage and was beloved and es. teemed by her husband, but she had no. child, whilo the other wife had several; and theywenrrup ourof tho citjr early toivor- ship, and to sacrifice unto the Lord of Hosts in Shiloh," and while there she vow ed to tne iora, that n would give her a son, she would dedicate him from his birth to His service all the days of his life! "and the Lord heard and granted her prayer: . of Samuel and Maria Snyder, andswife of El1 month, der F. D. Richards, aged 42 years, " and 26 days. Deceased was born in Camden, East Upper Canada, and emigrated to the United States with her father's family in 1840, who, pureu- - Being often in receipt of letters from various parts of the Territory, concerning the culture 'tis my and manipulation of the to week, in intention to publish, from week of to the time the "News prior attending the same. Laura 165 , , ? . : r 'i : - . off-Ting- - : ." ' not; to pass- - over .Mi-- ; chal the daughter of King Saul whom he gave to David for a wife,: and it appears she was true and faithful for a time, and tvfin at nnfl timn. hv ft stratagem, fiavpdthe life of David, when ber mad father had de- It seems we ought termined Uo destroy him. But In after times when David had passed through much trial and persecution, and become king, and was returning home ln: triumph, bringing with him the ark of the Lord, had fered sacrifices to the Lord In gratitude and 1 ii ill u J uia udait. -- uauvcu uuiuio inn Jj ark, Michai looked out of a; window and a3 he returned to bless despised him, and "kit LI. him," and spoke sneeringly 'and sarcastically to hlm.and David rebuked her In high-tone- d language,ajad It appears she was never v tsm JvtwwV ! -- I r nri m ma In UgalU ilia wucj Vv ; fA tan io viiiv Vi mtrof n 1 nl fJrOiiUijr auuuv cui 1 this, that Scripture has not seen fit to elucidate, but 1 1 seems 'she was a small-- I nd ed m woman though a kings daughter, and was utterly. incapable of appreciating her noble , husband; jealousy was probably a powerful and characteri ingredient in her composition silence Is probably the most charit-abl-o ,-but commentary, and where doubt exists all should have the benefit of II, that is English Law and It is a righteousone. ' Tne Queen op Siieba. Thirteen yer- ees only, tell the hj3tory of her renownotj 