WO M AFS E X PONE NT. 66 regain thee. Why must I languish here, when my soul loves to wrestle with the many' promises of success held out byam-.bitio- n and hope. S eet spirit of health, I call you cruel! I pined, and to my complaint there seemed to come a wall of reproach in answerj I am chained, I am bound, I cannot'comTtill you looWmy fetters." I loose thy fetters, I who so long to hold thee to my bosom and call thee mine? "Even so, to. you, who formed the links one by one." I only answered, How? "Do you not transgress the divine laws of God and nature day by day? Are not the hours, given for sleep, when nature clothes herself with the mantle of darkness, purloined by or pastime? thee, and given to employment, -not Has it leen written "Retire early that be refreshed?" Many times have you may I gladly held thine eyelids, dbwn to give thee warningrall unheeded by thee. How many times when I am thine attendant at QUARTERLY OONFERENOE. SALT LAKE STAKE. . was Lake Stake of4 Zion J I MTX .LaMAAlA f V a f Cn eld In the largo ' Kilt' AntvimAnA ing at 10 a. m., Elder Angus M. Cannon of the officers of the Stake present All the wards were represented, except the 20th and North Jordan Wards. After the prayer and singing were concluded, a statistical report of the Stake for the Quarter ending Aug, 31st, was read; this report including also the number of persons drawing support, the amount of support drawn, and the amount Stake. . donations in this of. fast-da- y - --- ,c; 7-7 . A financial report of the Relief Societies of this Stake, as follows: Wheat on hand, stored bv the Central Grain Committee. 1525 bushels; stored by branch Societies of the Stake, 4,632 bu,; stored during the past quarter, 592 bu.; total now on hand, 6,749 bu.; received in cash and property, $3,747 21; dlsbursments in cash and property, $1,621 79. Letter from the Superintendent and Assistants of the Sunday Schools of tho Stake, representing them" as everywhere in a Report from the prosperous, condition. New Tabernacle committee, in response to ail uiiuiuiuuL uiaue iu mo vanuua wniu.t. President Joseph Young made some remarks on the duties of the Seventies. Pres. Joseph E. Taylor presented the authorities of the Stake, who were unanimously sustained as at last Conference, with some few exceptions and changes. Elder Orson F. Whitney was sustained as Bishop of the 18th Ward, in place of Elder Lorenzo D. Young, whose resignation had , been ac. cepted; Robert Patrick and Wm. B. Barton as his Counselors. The leader and members of tho Tabernacle Choir, the President and Counselors of the Scandinavian meetings were also sustained. Also Mrs. M. I. Home as President of Relief Societies, and her Counselors, Mrs. E. S. Taylor and Mrs. S. M. Hey wood. Superintendents and assistants of Sunday Schools were sustained as previously. Pres. Angus M. Cannon then mad a some remarks upon the business matters of the Stake, and the conduct of men holding poHe said: "Those who disgrace sitions. the; positions they occupy by drinking and other evil practices, will be removed, and more worthy men appointed in their place; for these positions are important, and those sustained iu them must wield a proper in. fluence among the people." He said, in answer to" a question that had been asked, that women could only hold the priesthood in connection with their husbands; man held the priesthood independent of woman. Tho sisters have a right to anoint tho sick, and pray the Father to heal them, and to exercise thai; faith that will prevail with God; but women must'be careful how they . uso tho authority of the priesthood in ad to ihe sick. ministering ..iu jino. wiernwu me uino was occupied lbyj'residenta JE. .Taylor and .Aiigus M. Cannon, Apostle Orson Pratt and Pres. John Taylor, In giving general Instruction to the Saints on various subjects, both of a temporal and spiritual character. The Confer: ence adjourned eine die. HEALTH, . - Health, thou precious boon, how early are we forsaken by thee, how difficult to board I groan, for the cup of boiling liquid is recklessly taken, which the well-sprea- d retards digestion, and excites the brain and body to inordinate action, only to leave it more debilitated than before; your food half masticated Is left for your poor stomach to labor with, and strong meats, rich gravies, and many other things that divine revelation has said are not good for man are recklessly taken by thee; the night air form bldW3 rudely on thy as do fashion others but the tyiant says, so you must. Many are the links that bind me fain would I touch the pale cheek with rosy bloom, the wasted form with rounded beauty, the pale lips with carmine, the drooping eye with light of life, and cause the chafing spirit to rejoice in the great blessing of health. Maiden mine, I have done." For a time I mused then thought found words. And I have done all this, and yet I thought to myself I served my God. Patiently must I regain, step by step, that which folly has wrested from me, for well I know that genius, ambition, power and wealth are all as naught when deprived of health, and let my prayer ascend on high, and be answered on earth, that wisdom be mine to know how to enjoy the blessings Which God Is willing to bestow. ' half-protecte- ; Provo, Oct., 1878. Winnifred. TRANSMISSION. i . d Jean Ingelow, In her poem of "Margaret at the Mere Side," tells, in her own sweet, dreamy fashion, the story of a fair girl a woman in years, but dumhand always to be a child in Intellect who sat hour by hour, nd day by day, "on the gray stone beneath the sycamore", innocent, wistful, sad, always waiting, always gazing down the mere. Her mother had come there a six months' bride, to see her husband's boat go dpwn the stream, never to return; "And he with t ' , ' treplnr Peered ia the water-ga- r . soro unceasingly. - And, after, desolate the sat alone And mourned refusing: to be comforted, stone the mo?s embroidered stone, On the TUW whea the days trw short a chi Id was born To tho dead lather underneath the ware- - grj A child whose dumb, pensive soul was, by the subtle sympathy of nature, to be stamped for life with a grief she never knew. Look at anothe picture from Miss Phelps '.'Silent Partner" a scene in the pipched, worn, driven life of New England factory girls. Catty poor, deaf, dumb, repulsive Catty .had fallen asleep, "Her long tKQved a little, framing brpketf words. fin-ge- n Even in her dreams, this miserable creature ftbont her a dull sense- of A hnro auu distress. Even in her dreams, she listened , tA& for what she never heard, and spoke that which no one understood,' 'Mother used to say', said sip, under her breath, 'that it was the noise.' whflfili fthn oaU'iC' Thn rmisA -nf thft -" lucy beat about In her head. She came home o' The baby il nights, and says to herself, never hear In this world, unless h& hears the wheels," and sure enough Sip lifted her face to Parley's with a look of awe 'it ig true enough, that Catty hqars the wheels ' - - t. t but never anything beside.' " Cowan and Mrs. Duffey. and Joseph f!onV In his grand, brave way, will tell us of scores of wonders like this, but let us take just one scene from Mrs. Kirby's "Transmission." Wo see a young wife stung and tortured by the daily desertion and faithlesness of him who should have been her stay and comfort. We see her patiently, bravely, resolutely turning away from the sight and feeling of this torment. We see her and We think she must have asked Heaven's help constantly and firmly putting aside and treading down every burning thought, every vengeful feel, ing. She did this not for herself, but for the sake of am Ssocent soul which she knew would reflect her own. She had her reward In one who grew up before her, pure, sweet, strong ana calm, . fcine naa imeu him above dark and petty things into the bright, free atmosphere of great souls. When will the awful significance of thes things dawn upou men and women? When shall the Ideal mother come to her high vocation carefully and reverently, as an artist comes to her marbles, clothed with strength, dowered with wisdom, and baptized with purity and love? When shall she be upheld and comforted by a husband as pure, as reverent, as herself? Do wo seo all the meaning of Miss Phelps' ideal marriage? "With her, he Is a crowned creature; with him she is a free one." Hus do you not see that so soon band of as you enslave this tfceo creature, your own royalty, and that of your children, is gone? So sure as you bind her down upon thealtar of a lower nature, there shall creep forth, out to-da- y, of the blood of sacrificed womanhood a swarm of evil creatures that shall look atyou and reproach you, out oi tne eyes ui .... your children. MaryL. Griffith. Woman's Words. A STANDING VOTE. In the address of the Executive Committee, reference is made to a "standing vote in English women petition largely, sending of each year over a quarter of a million names asking for the full right of woman suffrage. But their method of securing those nanies Is very different from the way we have worked In the past, and much less laborious. At every woman suffrage meeting those in favor are requested to atand up and remain' standing until counted. Then the President and Secretary of the meeting nu.m' ing, and so many others, giving thestood up, For instance, if forty-nin- e persona 6 the President :and Secretary would gn their own names, adding, "and foTtyw more others." This is a much easier and to peexpeditious, way of getting signatures A. has titions, than the way'ihe :N,W S. recomheretofore practicedand is the plan mended by thqExecutIve;06mmlttee.. friends. . ! 