f jr. EXP ONENT. ntlali'electionof-Novembe- t g'wittertjyeMedendcd' rimalrk'a They have read attentively , and that they ! approve, is shown by the hearty commendation bestowed on every hand, less than ber husband is she at present a power in our national life, with engaged In honoringia womanwho llsa: graduate ot the first chartered v college for the education of woman in the "United States.: i! rrThiH title of college: waseonferred upon: f -- :t. WOMAN'S 100 The Preside ..it , . - in a xriani per rcrceiy this institution the. charter granted by men of the United States; for it gave to the Oh ol ; the: iwife. statement fhla Legislature jnatlon aPresIdent's Iebruaryr 24,4846. have vThecurriculum of study v was r extended, does not rimjilJhaV$twMrtt not in recent presidential terms, shared the n and the several, college .classes were care-honors of the Executive Mansion at Wash- L fully graded. 7 Mathematics and the class- ics were rigidlyand faithfully taught, and ington, good, wives and osUinablojroothers, ' uatesHhe-lnstitutlon the grad Jutheear- but Mrs. Hay ea during, the year of ;herpc. Her years of its history will t6;day stand h cupancy of the White : House; has added to well trie test if compared as to their collethese womanly, characteristics, a grace and giate training' with the graduates of the power ; which has made the President's older colleges tor young; men. wife anthonore Wetrandher associates those TTo Tojhosewbo have. felt the cbarm of her years of college life, were not careless, presence, to those who inowf by experience the genuinene8abff.herproiesforis; and! 'the songful years, but toilful, satisfying ones nevertheless. The secret of the existence purity of her friendship, it is quite unncc. inof this college for women so far in advance, essary to Inquire 'concerning the early as to years, of the times, Is to be foundln fluences which developed this rich fruitage T the greater the consecration of another life, whose im. of womanly character. "her solely from press Mrs, Hayes character bears in astrik-in- g throng, however," who study manner. The life referred to was that afar, there can be no such" hesitancy, and for P. B. Wil ber, of President :Wilber-tfi- ev. them this brief sketch of her life, may bn D. D. who for thirteen years (or from the both instructive and helpful. inception 'of the Wesleyan College, until Lucy Ware Webb 'was born of honored one June day In 1859, when he fell insensiancestry and her life from early childhood ble at his post), was its energetic and dewas spent in the .state of Ohio. voted president. Her father, a physician,, died, while she . as is President- Wilber, whose, memory Mrs. was still an infant, but a mother, such -- 243 -- Alumnae vouchsafed to but fewxiaughters; was longHayes in commourwith who had graduated before his death, de. spared, to bless the infant child. two other 'This' widowed mother ; had lights to honor, was a remarkable man. 'As an educator and inspirer of young women, chUdrenJ nons, andn for their, sakes, she to Delaware. th ose qu all fied t o judge, esteemed him Ohio, where earlv removed - Was located the Ohio Wesleyan:- University. without a peeiT.TIu, th were entered he took high In this institution the boys giving Sldacti for a full university course. Mrs. Webb rankj but from the president's desk in the was Independent as to fortune, and religcollege, chapel he exerted his lasting Intiu-ericThere he eliminated from woman's iously d evoted her time, and; atten t ion to r was unchildren. 'heri three care of the Lucy was, Iife1arthatrwasrfrivolous, at the period of the removal to Delaware, worthy, and there morning after naorning was" ten years of ageHerearly education year by year he exalted the holiest and pur'wise this est ideals until life 'grew so solemn that ordered with care; by. mother, she herself selecting her private instructors, young hearts drew back and feared to live, and at length, obtaining; for? her the priviif living was so fraught with; responsibility ' and accountability. r lege of recitation from the professors. identical was of. daily in-- ; oin oneDf: test these Measured this crucial It college professors, who so long ago inaugurated with a trospection, Lucy. Webb waa not found ol Lucy the hearty good-wi- ll wanting, t From childhood ;a christian she Nlyebb With her brothers, who on the night drew her help from the Divine fountain of of December 30th, 1 877,. rati fied .with solwisdom, and went forth from" college halls to assume the duties of womanhood, well emn religious service, the renewed vows Mrs. and entered upon by the President disciplined, and, as the sequel has proven, ' the silver anniversary , of their on Hayes thoroughly equipped for the work which has fallen to her lot; years beforein hapwedding.;! Twehty-fiv' While she was yet a member of President py remembrance of this university episode bride's the in Wilber's family, a rising young lawyer, early girlhood, ;the professor had been called to perform the ceremony, used 'to open the big iron gate of the Wesand now again in Washington ho was releyan Female College on Vino Street, pretty herof assist in to the thanksgiving called regularly every Priday evening", (reception self and husband over an accomplished evening for the college girls) that he might was quarter of a century of wedded life. When greet the bashful undergraduate-wh""' was abouL fifteen the daughter ", destined to be his wife... years of ago at sons and .Two the having graduated Delaware, years later, or In 1852, B. B. Hayes both being about to enter upon, the etudy and Lucy W. :Webb were married in Cinof medicine in Cincinnati; the . devoted cinnati. Into the privacy of a home such as mother removed thither also, 'havinthe theirs the world may not enter. Suffice it, ; . that it was a household additional reason fori her change of : resipf rare happiness. dence In the desire- to place Lucy in the The good mother rested from her cares In located. In Female that College Wesleyan ,the daughter's home, and enjoyed Its peace was entered She for a number of years, until from Its bosom there, and promptly city. "without" hindrance or interruption, but 7 shoAvas "called to go upblgher." ; ; ' ' blessed and helped beyond computation by Seven children were born, five of whom ' she mother's her still guardianship, speut three live. Intertwined among these years r consecutivo years of her war or the rebellion, calling Gencame prosecution the in Juno, eral Hay e to the field of battle, where his studies, 'and graduated with honor ' ' 1850." V." wife courageously and devotedly attended ' It Is a fact fraught with significance that him. 7 when the at this time question of the highThe limits of an article such as this canth-women of education atten. er not embrace details where each Incident occupies ' tlou of the wisest educator j and legislators seems replete with Interest Mrs. Hayes' in the land the nation may-- bo said to be present record Is before tho whohr people. . . ; . -- ! l ' '' i . r 2 -- this direncfpioweVerr that Hayes' lihesTThe constituencyrenlzes noarty - Iwomarily "womanliness : which in borne life apportions letters to the older boys, and dolls and pollings to the little ones" in - public life a cordial greeting to all who seek -her presence, reserving 'her; brightest , , "Slles'for" trial, or. temptation struggle towards the -- right, which in socianife sets "an example touching the great moral and religious the feeblest as questions of the day, which lookers-owell as the strongest among may thus womanliness this displayed follow, commands the : respect of people of every section, name " andr party. t- . "r ;- Icy n ' i American Fork Meetinq House, April 2nd, 1878. Meeting opened in usual order; minutes read, etc. A report of a meeting of the Executive Board was read which presented several questions for consideration; first, the necessity of petitioning the County Court for an appropriation for the furtherance of the silk business. ;Elder Graves spoke on the subject and motioned that we apply for fifty dollars, seconded by Mrs. Hindley; Bishop L. E. Harrington also made some appropriate remarks on the subject, approv. ing ..of. th e motion-- Elder II. Cluff followed with some interesting remarks encouraging felt assured that the County to Court would do all in their power for the furtherance of. the enterprise, but was also in favor that if the Uourt refused to aid as, that we raise fifty or one., hundred dollars by subscription offering to donate tea dollars himself. Made an amendment that we dol-apply for one hundred instead, of fifty . lars, which was seconded by Bishop The and carried unanimously. next question before the meeting was whether the sisters of the Relief ;and Young Ladies Societies are members of the Silk Association, by virtue of their ? . - -- w m w . e. v all-tha- silk-raiser- s, - - : ; J mem-bership.- ' . t a ; " -. - ;- : ; : -- these Associations, or must they be enrolled. Elder Graves considered they are" already members through the call of President Brigham Young; Motioned by Bishop Harrington that the Ladies of the Relief and Y. L. 1. Associations are all members of the Silk Association; carried. Some other items of business were transadacted; after which Mr3. Zina B. Young dressed the meeting; sjwke very Interesof tingly on the iaising and manufacturing to the silk. Referred to the mission given f the sisters by President Brigham Young. Spoke of the duties of mothers to their children, and the necessity of furnishing also employment and clothing to them andto get to ourselves. Told the sisters not discouraged by failures, butto iTy.&W related some of her experience in the silK business and encouraged the sisters to keep: sue-; - '; ih -- o - u, ' o e, Bar-ringto- i co-educati- In-tb- Woman's AVprds. UTAH COUNTY SILK MEETING. ? ; t - T , Mrar. , . on persevering until they, make it a cess; "Spoke of Celestial Marriage as a divine principle, and calculated to purify and elevate the saints of God, said many things that were cheering and profitable and fa 01 the spirit of the Gospel. Urged the sisters to plant cuttings and put In seed of tne mulberry, and persevere in the Rror..(J?" littie talning a little knowledgo here and a 