W O M M.' S E XT 0 K E 'N T V ; 1 thelitlloldutiesjwliiclt-would-otherwiso-be-lon- to thorn, as their time is taken up ivith public business. Then let us as mothers do our part nobly and well , and not let our children get too old before we teach them the principles of the Gospel; for if we do we cannot by redoubled diligence make Another thing, mothers up for lost time. should be very careful howtheyltalli-be-"forTfhel -up the-fathe case that he is spoken of with disrespect, (especially does this'transpire i very GrautLwas sojealous JiL tryingJo bring about a reformation with the people, I was quite young, (my second child was . then a babe,) I seemed to enter into the spirit of what he said, and felt thankful that I lived in this day, and that I was in my youth, and resolved in my own mind lhat Iwould fry toTb tihgupmjr children right. Since then ! have been the mother no:i ofa large family, fount! great cause to complain, yet have that I could not come upto my standard of ... excellence, controlled as I was, more or less by circumstances, having poverty and sickness to contend with, and all their train of consequences. Dut we can be found trying to to do our duty, and then leave the rest -Him Who sees and Taiows all things. When we go to school we know that In order to have a flaished education we must learn every letter well, and every email word must be committed to memory; so in entering the school of the Gospel, we must learn the little lessons as they come, so we may be ready for greater ones. Obey counsel, keep the commandments, so that In time we may become giaduates in heaven, and take seats In the Celestial Kingdom with our Father, which is the prayer of your sister; ' ndalthqughhe ? k . Naomi. MEMORIAL OF THE BOARD OF TRUSTEES OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA GIRLS' REFORM SCHOOL; AND. OF OFFICERS AND CITIZENS OF r WASHINGTON. ( To the Senate and Mouse of Representatives of the United States in Covgreas assembled'. Whereas, it is well known to your Hon. orable Body that, except the workhouse and the common jail, there is no provision in the Capital of the United States for the shelter of young, ruined, deserted girls, who are driven to desperation, to the fearful crime of abortion and ehild.murder, nor for infants-whoarethereforesubjected to violent death , ortodeath by exposure our streets,8 nor tor the training and reformation of girls who have become vicious and abandoned, and are peopling the coun" try with criminals; and, Whereas existing laws in this District are. so framed and executed a3 to protect meV in the highest crimes against the souls and bodies of women and of poor, Ignorant and misguided girls, men- of all agesaud permitted to seduce, or liberal- 01 - sta-tions.bei- BOARD QF TRUSTEES. Sara J. Spencer, President; E;: D; Sheldon, "Corresponding Socretary; Bdsan1:' ng AT EdsUbpM. Kiddle, Solicitor; ' John F. Cook, Auditor. CITIZENS. . I wish that this bill might be passed; and tho sooner the better.': - HENRY It- - WELLS, District Atty. There is most presslng' neceity ;7br this Institution.' Common , humanity demands. . Hospital.,;, of ' which do not depend upon Congress for aid, although7 receiving Inmates from every part of the United States and from every Con gross en-- " quarter of the globe, wh tirely supports but three, and partially supof ports but four benevolent institution's,-al- l ' which are national In their character; and, Whereas, the care of the persons described in this Memorial, has fallen for years mainly on alTew women, who are wholly unable to bear the,. expenses, or to . save the sufferers from exposure or subse-que:. 11 nt degradation Therefore, ,wo pray your Honorable Body to immediately take from the calendar H. R. Bill No. 37G5, add thereto tho appropriations named therein as limits to tho cost for land and for buildings for a Shelter for the Sick, an Infant's Home, and a Reform School for Girls, and enact tho same in such manner that it may be speedily effective; and wo further pray, That you will appropriate a sum to bo im-;- ; m ed iately available for the shelter, and XL. THOMPSON, .Lying-i- n ' .,..: f, i ,J '',-ir,-,r:- . HYGIENIC NOTES. V 1 5 T i ' ' J ; New Remedy for Wakefulness.-r-Wlie- a the KenL.: is Cook of - ,r John reasons mind active, ,I)r. tueky, the brain is correspondingly active; we breathe more frequenUy, aad the movements of tho heart are. more, rapid and vigorous. On the other hand, when the mind is at ) rest, as in , healthy , sleepy taecnlaj arc less rapid ind forci- minished, the heart-beat- s ble, and the breathing is perceptibly glower. In the wakeful state the mind, as a ruje, is intensely occupieJ, whence we may infer an increased amount of blood in the braln.'piv-Ooot'ssugwithdraW from a the to this of is portion gestion t ; fifteen J. " Congress to pa33 the bill for the 2L.District nalsjand,... this citizens Whereas, the benevolent institutions support . Surgeon' in Chief Columbia Whereas, it has appeared in debate that there is a general kindly feeling in the House of Representatives toward the establishment of a suitable institution for these classes, and that negligence in passing the bill has not arisen from ignorance of the need, nor from indifference, but from the fact that the persons to bo provided for are women, and not your constituents, while you believe it to be your first and constant duty to pass such measures as your constituents imperatively demand; and, r cannot declare we Whereas, although that your constituents imperatively demand this measure, we do declare that your con. stituents, the men of the United States, are largely responsible for the moral and social atmosphere and condition of the capital of the nation, and may more appropriately.be : taxed for the protection and care of these wretched women,and for the education and training of their unfortunate children thanfot their arrest and punishment as crimi- ; "DTrRecoTdingecretary it. construction of buildings reported favorably by the Committe on Public Buildings J .v and Grounds; and, in malring pro. Whereas, the longf delay vision for these classes of persons has led tB " terrible suffering among young women, and to fearml slaughteYof ihfa -- ' N;i SoathworthVie tation and sin; and, Whereas, the District Legislature in 1873, in response to a petition from our best citizens, granted a charter for the establishment of a Girl's Reform School, and made an appropriation for the purchase of land, provided Congress would order the con. struction of buildings, which appropriation lor land was lost through the failure of the Forty-thir- d women-about-t- o ; arbitraryT'crueland barbarous distinctions against tho weak and in favor of the strong, toward justice to womenalidTndriesstarH children, toward securing to the State a multitude of trained, intelligent and useful Citizens instead of an ignorant and vicious generation of ou tcasts and" criminal, and should provide as liberally for the direct and immediate consequences of vice, as it provides ways and means to fall into temp- M. cases of young ent i i strengthens until he is ready tb disbelieve in the principles the father has espoused. Much might be said upon this subject, but this may be sufficient. My experience h&s taught mo that it Is easier for us to think what we can do than It is to do It. Over twenty years ago when Brother of-urg- become mothers in temporary quarters until suitable buildings can be constructed -- large families, where there are many influences and" dispositions,) and by a few words from tho mother, the child may begin to distrust the father and think he is hot the man he should be; this feeling . helpless seeu f I ng nity, and being allowed to ahandon tho mothers and disown tho children born out of wedlock, while all tho legal penalties fall Only upon the wretched mothers; and Whereas. all criminal legislation-t- o be permanently effective, should tend toward reform and remedy, toward the abolitibh of ul ? care forlhem new victims atf every convenient opportur -- g Jed-ediah- 151 -- ;. . . ; . ' head, or lower the brain' circulation, by taking deep and slow inspirations -- say; twelve or fifteeii1 a minute.' By this means the action of tb e'f heart,; ' pulses and "brain is reduced; and Very "sooh a quiet :; f feeling, ending in sleep, follows.. Tie systems: l slows up like a railroad train when ther locomotive" throws off steam. : .The imitation; of sleep jpro--i ; duces the. reality,;. Probably; also, the .effort of -changing ; the, respiration j diverts the ; mind, thus promoting the ; desired end, Y as C whea on 6 falls ;o asleep often against his will in Kstentng to con, tinuous reading or public speaking. A'remedy so v. ; simple and natural, having none of tho objections of drugs, will' commend itself to many; sufferers i; : who will test its value! by actual experiment. :v,Wt i Nieht Dresses for' Children A mother writinsr in the Household says that she made heir little one's night dresses of ! cotton flannel- - with legs to them, so that if he got uncovered he should" not take cold, r Observing that he lost flesh and grew cold towards morningshe called in a physician. 'He saidthat cotton flannel was She continues not the material for children, for when it gets wet it clings to them and is cold as iceJ ,; He also denounced the idea of making legs' to- tho' dresses; said that . the limbs should not bo separated, but should come : together. . His directions were, 'to make a . night dress of ilanneL long enough; to lio on the floor half a yard, jnst Tike a big bag) run a string ini the bottom :ofJ this, and when: the child goes to Jed rie it up.:; In this triy the leg, cannot get out, and; there. is perfect freedom of - motion. We did so at once,; and it worked like a charm. No morolyiBg awake at nights and wondering what the trouble is. ..The little fellow sloeps soundly, and Wakes in the morning refreshed : - .1 s ' and with a good .appetite.'' ' .. - , i A -- - . ; -- ; : ; First school girl (sweet eighteen) "I am so tired of walking along by twos and twos iu this way I It's as bad as animals going -- into the ark! Second ditto (ditto ditto)" JiWprse. Half ofJhem werejnascullner' 