02 WO MAN' k' BELIEF SOCIETY QUARTERLY JlUB STAKE OP ZION. I : Editob Exponent: J CON- - Our first Quarterly Meeting of the Stake organization of the Belief Society was held April 21st, l&78,at the Nephi Meeting House. Opened by singing and prayer. Pres.. Amelia Goldsbrough made a tow remarks on the object of the meeting and the Financial Report which was read, after which Pres. George Teasdale said the object of these Quarterly Meetings are to keep track of the - business of the Society, ihat youlnay all understand what property you own also to amalgamate your feelings, that you may be enabled to work together harmoniously. He also gave much good counsel, and encouragod tho sisters to per- severe in the culture of silk, and wished themo practice what they preach and as far as possible wear home production; said we should feel proud of our dress when we did this. He encouraged the sisters to be faithful in the discharge of every duty. Owing to the weather being very stormy our meeting was not very Meeting adjourned to the 21st of July. Benediction by Pres. Amelia Goldsbrough. Second Quarterly Meeting of the Relief well-attende- d. CEocletyyineld in:tba$ephi;Meeting House, July 21 st, 1878. Mrs. Amelia Goldsbrough, President of Relief Society, presiding. Counselors Mrs. Elizabeth Kendall and Jane Pixton, Secretary Mrs. Mary Pitch-.- . forth, Corresponding Secretary . Mrs. Amy L. Bigler, Mrs. Aagard, President of Levan Branch, Mrs. Stringham, of S. L. City, Pres. Geo. Teasdale, Apostle Erastus Snow, Patriarch Jacob G. Bigler, and several others, both brethren and slstersf occupied tho stand. Alter singing, and prayer by Pres. Geo. fTeasdale, the-- Secretary read' the minutes pf the last Conference, which were accepted, and then the report of Nephi, Levan and - , -- Mona Branches. President Goldsbrough then made a few remarks, a portion of which are as follows: "I am pleased to meet with you at this time. I am proud to represent the Relief Society, and I feel determined, by the help of my ;Fftther In Heaven, to discharge every duty that devolves upon me. Wnen I re-- , celved the Gospell made a covenant with God that I would strive, with the help of Hia Spirit, to keep His commandments. I am) here at this time because it is a duty, ana earnestly request you, my sisters herein Nephi, to come to meeting that you may understand what we are doing. When the Teachers go to visit, I want them to go as comforters to the Saints, and not to beg; if the peopletfiave anything to give they will give it without asking for it. I praV God to bless us all." Mw. Susan x Stringham then exhibited of a silk scarf and some skein-sil- k home-productio- - Pres. Mrs. Aagard, of Levan, then made afew remarks, showing the willingness of the sisters of that Branch to do all they could to help roll an the great work in these Mast;days - Mrs.4 Hannah Jones was appointed to re- ceive the fast day donations in the North Ward, and Mrs. Sarah Ann Andrews to continue to receive them in the South Ward. Pres. George Teasdale then eaid: "The Belief Society have been In the habit of receiving and disbursing our fast day donations, and I want them to continued do ;- : n. ' - 7a:-'"------ '- - ; I want a strict so; accou n t kept of all re ceived and disbursed. I consider it no disgrace to receive when wo need; it is a great blessing that we can obtain what we need by asking for it. I am proud of my sisters, and I pray God to bless our Societies and all who sustain them." Apostle Erastus Snow said: "I am pleased that Bro. Teasdale encourages the sisters to look after the poor; the sisters are more capable of doing this than the brethren. Many of our sisters labor hard to sustain themselves and their children, and would suffer and not complain, but they need the help of the mothers In Israel in these matters.- There are others who have never been taughtto work; they need experienced sisters to teach them. Teach the people industries. It is right to accumulate riches, but we must not set our minds on this world's goods. I like to hear tho sisters speak in these meetings, also in Fast Meetings. You can work in your sphere. A good, faithful mother will teach her sons to keep the commandments of God; a mother has great influence in her house; she can sustain the husband and encourage him to be a better man. Your works are appreciated in Zion; there is no place that the labors of the faithful are more needed than in Zion. May God help you to be valiant in the cause; I ask God to bless you. Amen. Mrs. Sarah Ann Andrews then sang "My own land Deseret. Dismissed by Elder Snow. Amy L. Bigler; Cor, Sec'y. Quarterly Beport of the- Nephi Belief Society, for the Quarter ending July 20th, 1878. - Property on hand as follows: 1 Lot, Belief House and Lot... ...... $1800 Wheat stored, 105 J bu', 60cts.... 63 55 Flour, quilts, and stockings.......... Donations for Sanpete Temple fcc. 73 For Welsh-Mission...........- ..... 00 30 00 73 19 15 33 25 23 00 29 98 Sunday Eggs..... Cash and Store Orders..., Sundries Total 2097 41 Contra. Sundries disbursed to poor.. I... 50 90 Paid toWelsh Mission Fund..'. 19 15 (53 30 Wheal in store...... 1800 00 Relief House, Lot, &c Paid to Temple, not reported last 8G 00 time 78 00 Cash, merchandise, flour, &c I ' , SEX P 0 NE.N T ; , ,, 2097111 Total dumber of members enrolled, 270; number of acting members attending meeting, 68. Halue-of-City-L-ot. Ten bu. of wheat 60.. ............. Balance in Treasury... 6Noo. 30 75 $ 230 Total, Disbursed to Welsh Mission Fund. $ 39 Emigration Fund....................... 2 70 Property on hand 40 04 5 05 12 05 133 39 Total, 230 25 To the Poor Man tl Temple. ........ ...... CORRESPONDENCE. Spring City, Aug. 5th, Editor Exponent: June 22dPres.E.R. Snow and 1878. Zina fi. Young came here, accompanied by Mrs. Goldsbrough, President of Nephi, and Mrs. Irons, President of Moroni Relief Societies. On the 23d meeting was called; all at- tended, old and young. It was truly a time of refreshing, which was highly ap. predated by the whole community. On the Monday following, the Sunday School children had the privilege of a special meeting, and were much delighted in hearing the many interesting subjects advanced for their benefit. .That evening., the Y. L. and Y. M. M. I. A. were called together, also all others who could get into the house; it was very crowded. They talked to the young like mothers of the moat noble character, forthatis what they truly are, and their advice was accepted by most of the young, and they say they wish Sisters Snow and Young would come oftener; they could listen to them at any time with pleasure. The Spirit of God was plainly felt by one and all. Our President, M. A. P. Hyde, is another mother in Israel; she looks well to all the needy, and is a great comforter to the We have someexcellent teachers, who are careful in looking after the sick and needy, but to make sure that none are neglected, Mrs. Hyde will take special time to visit all around and go to every one who is sick or in need, and learn their condition from themselves, and what will comfort them; and as far as it is in her power she will relieve them and supply their wants. She ever carries with her a humble and meek spirit, is blest with the best counsel and advice to give to all; with her we good counsel and the blessings of God aro wonderfully blest with lovo andjuriion in the whole of our Society. We wish the Exponent to ever continue ana prosper. We are pleased to see that other Societies are progressing as fast as sor-lowf- ul. Statement of the Levan Belief Society lor the quarter ending July 20th, 1878. Shares in Levan Co-o-p Store $ 100 00 69 50 .77;. Ami in Treasury Fifty bushels of wheat stored 60. 30 00 they are, and do hope that we can be one Total 199 50 Disbursed to MantiT'emple.;. ........ 271)0 To Poor 5 83 2 70 Missionary Fund............... Editor Exponent: Sundries................ Property in hand... Total , ..,..... . 70 162 77 199 50 with them. St. P. E. Benson, Sec'y Charles, Idaho, July 31st, 1878. In the Exponent of July 1st there is an interesting article entitled "Jacob's Pillow, versus Pillar,' in which the following error of appears "Through James the Firstwas Scotland and Sixth ot England it it brought to England and placed where has remained ever since in Westminister tne Abbey." In the first place, James First of Scotland never was king of Lng-Janneither was the stone taken to England by any of the James's, but was JAKen d; Statement of the Mona Belief Society for the quarter ending July 20th, 1878. J3hares in Store ...u $ 9350 thero by Edward tho First, A. P., lim 