mini j!ijuaiagaua r1 WOMAN' S ESTRANGED. . Whom odce I lvedi I'cvcr love; it t . ;' . . Augusta ' ' " . and- afterTanot"her-6f-friends-raad-acquaintanc- r'il-nietn- direction.. - r , e3, my beloved child. I was now, meeting old and tried friends. : awaKening memories and incidents of trial, - . . i . v i all sorrow, Joy, gladness, iaugue, mingled in tho remembrances that cro wd ed upon me. I met two stranerers, who. bv -their kindly greeting: and sisterly manner, 7 seemed 7 like old; friends. ; Many varied scenes , crowded closo one upon another, crowned by this last tho glimpse of lifo ; in OreryillO.- - - Wjiile chatUng with Myra, another dear friend, Maria,' entered, and esked me if I would like to go in to prayers. ': I assented' gladly, and followed her to tho dining-rooThe tables were fast filling with men and women, old, middle-age- d and young. 'When all were seated a hymn was sung,; then a prayer offered, and all partook of the same plain faro a3 the chil. dren' had just had served to them. So malny persons gathered from all places, with such a variety of tastes and habits, partak-' ing. of the -- same kind of food, discarding tea and coffee, and abjuring the proverb - that " What is one man's meat is another's After, greeting and interchanges poison." of tho kindliest feelings, I looked round the room, and my heart swelled within me. l was really among thoso who hid', established and were carrying out an Order of .union, as near perfect and complcto as ' seemed possible in this state of existence. The feeling of love and union that existed there was strongly akin to the heavenly feeling in the St.. George Temple, and I realized that some day, if they keep tne samo .spirit, they will bo among tho -mighty and wealthy of the earth. IV -V7Supper over the room was cleared and prepared for tho evening meeting, which was well attended preaching 'by Missionaries from Kanab. After the meeting was over, seated around a bright cedar fire, ..Which sparkled and glowed, filling tho room with warmth and light, w& talked of tho past, present ad "future. . by ; V - : - " grave : - bright and beautiful. It was tho SabbatbIhad looked forward to this day, desiring, to visit my dear Colima's grave. The sun had warmed tho ;.air. I started from GlendaleV with 'my little bo to keep mo ccmpany. In the twelve last years, since I left there, everything had changed, except the everlasting hills. The road ran on the east side of the valley instead, of the west, and all the crossings of the creek were different. Ve walked up the dug way, through a small but fragrant grovo of cedars, .and crossed a creek. Nothing familiar hero told of tho fatal accident that, called my child bo suddenly "into., tho'" janUf spirit - No familiarity of: scene or associations called to my mind tho' bitter memory of. tho past, which connected me in thought' and feeling to tho place. Over ploughed-groun- d and grassy pastures wo continued our way,, through shrubs and willows, where cattle grazed all unconscious of my aching heart and the terrible, remembrances awakened by nearing the placo of ; death; , a small stream? of water was crossed, and before mo was tho knoll where my beloved: child was buried.. I hastened to tho grave; it was concealed by shrub. , bery.. growing.Jn.. wild profusion,- - and- 6moothcd7by-:th;hand of time, but "the" mother's' memory always discerns quickly B'uchprec& prayer3 I consecrated tho spot and after an hour spent at tho! sacredanew, place on this ' holy Sabbath day, wo- proceeded on our way to Orderville; As we rounded the Yellow Mountainwe camo in 'sight of rThen. we crossed 7a fieldand passed by the vineyard and wo found our. selves at the village. : .,. ; 1 ha(J somo strange impressions as I: . looked at tho long lino of low houses built o -- - . , Je. -- , . " ; " " - -- - -- -- St. George. .- . day-dawn- ed Or-dorvil- "unf irTherder will to : tho fashion, and out of the order the exception. fot1verme;me;l?A had stood the of -- , l Tho little that I saw liked. Of courso tho' Order; has both enemies and friends, and ;thero aro many outside ready to find fault and pick flaws, but my prayer is, may the' spirit of union and peace spread abroad, who expressed surprise and : , pleasure, ,until..the emotions of the day al- - For the Exponent. ? ; - 1 AVISITJZO ORDERVILLE. Tho and keeping it warm; the happy countenances of the people in tho next room at breakfast, antL JLfel t tha I h ero was a begin . ning of something newa step in the right Sister Harmon said: "Childrenyou must not throw a ; crumb of bread under the table, or wasto anything, you knovv that famine is coming.' Contentedly the little onos ato their plain, simple food and quietly passed out. . Jotcs Crochekon. , , liteness given, ' : . . Jan. 1, 1878.- cooking, and two boys wero preparing potatoes for dinner, cabbages were waiting to be cooked, dry bread was gathered up for : soup, a little boy was picking over raisins, and dinner was being prepared for the ' many. I saw tho steamer in which the potatoes aro cooked over largo boilers, or furnaces; the large, bright range, - with it3 capacity for cooking largo quantities of food : W ho walk the narrow way. . . When we shall meet beside that gate, , Thou wilt not answer no; , r 7 Thou'lt know with joy my patient faith Fori have loved thee so. - . ' . . - hop-yeas- salt-risin- : ; anthahr-- salt-risin- g m AbJ MtsbAnTKeet; m. ? - jTenJnJbat perfect day.;:, Though life baiongand cafUbVwIde-All vain to tnrnaway;7rlll! L : Ab I who would weigh it 'gainst tW$qst J; With all its m emories dea rt : 1 " ; Not tbouV- or I who know so well Life's holy niissiqa here. ; ; v.:.r;. f-- other work t.:l2z-JlAfter breakfast wo visited the cook-rooto mix with JhoJbaMras bread to eko ont tho flour, until the milling was done. They have warm t, bread for breakfast mad a' with g and for dinner and supper. A boiler of beef was in progress of iull largo m .... , who would take thojperfect rose, Love on its heart had worn, l And counting not it's lovelinetsr Treasu re alone the thorn? could not sing in heaven, if there I . A loved face turned away , 7 Unreconciled; 'twould chill my joy, . ; "See how quickly Pvo ;got, dinner,'? sho .; said; "its no trouble here; . all you havo to do is to go to tho cook-rooand it is all To Uow do you of rea'dy. my, inquiries like the United Order? the answer was from those interrogated, "I would not live out of it for tho world,, Sister Maria took to the dining-rooat sundown to seethe children at the table. There were three long tables filled with happy, healthy, merry children, .whisperine: and talkincr low ' among themselves, waiting the arrival of foister liarmon. She entered, pronounced '; the ;6ne word "Silenceiind all were still. The blessing was asked, instructions in po- 1 find,-."- ' an-admirab- le p1hsrT:- : -- Thou, who alone didst watch; my bed Of sorrow pain and fear; While wintry night raged dark and;wi!d, And death seemed all too near. ' Can ! forj?et those dream-lik- e dajSi' ' ; in care . : . When, resting: thy of the I traced wanderings thy songt " Upon the charmed air? '' E'en if some Idle word let fall, " A on float the leaves (As wind) Long wandering:, to thy gentle hea rt Its way. at las$ did Who delighted to see me, and she exclaimed in' i her:;amazement, "If you had dropped from .the skie3 Iouldrnot liave been more surprised.'.' f. After a lively chat, asking andi answering questions, she went out and soon: ' cannot let thee gt ?yki'r Thou,, who hast dwelt within my love, , ' Winning thy place so well? Ah! must we say goodbye to hearts? ; I stooped at tho house of a friend. sufficiently to go to the general table, but gotVhl?rbreakfast redyookedt.Doing all the cooking in one placo is contrivance to savo woman's time, instead of a hundred getting breakfast separately; a few do that work, aud tho timo of tho rest can bo employed advantageously at Was .1 ,y fire- - , y" t 139 tho of wood, and thought what havoc Tiona coula mafco among them. And hast thou shut and locked thy heart Ag-aiBfi- E XPONBNT. : i 'V If Mary Clcmmcr's article in York V of "Independent,' EN. M Ne r is a truo statement IhoT tho Senatorial behavior, on "receiving Petitions from all the States for a Sixteenth Amendment to tho Constitution in favor of Woman's Suffrage; the great majority of that body fell into that trap which a just Providence permits to bo set to divulge corruption. The manner in which tho peti- tions were received by tho Senate, fells tho talo of tho moral condition of that body. t, Men devoid of. do not re spect women. Want of truo bespeaks immorality; and immoralitv in i men, engenders in them for wo- disrespect r men. Tho very cause of this remarkable demonstration, of petitions from all tho states and territories in tho Union, is certainly a corruption in the jand; and tho petitions, an anti-acagainst . corruption. The sagacious and heroic representatives of a great reform, aro bravely. facing the very centre of corruption, on its own premises, meeting its most formidable, foe in its own chambers,to fight the battle on the enemy's ground. Then and thcro commenced thn real battle, compared with which the past , m. : 1 self-respec- self-respe- : ct . , " i full-grow- n t, nas oniy ueen skirmislung. ' ;- -- ; Thatnight after retiringslecplliydaiued v-'iv- COMMENT3 ON CONGRESS-- . to visit mo until after twelve, for busy thoughts: were my. companions. Morning came; I breakfasted with my kind hostess, who had been ill and was not yet recovered :v . The insulted pelilioners should have sent detectives at the heels of those eminently ruuo actors of t lie Senate,- of-few details of their behavior "behind the scene," and exposed it to the public gaze. That would be a firm tactic, to commence with, in crushing a powerful Toe:" ' But it is perhaps fortunate a3 it is: it will rouso uio cnergyof the petitioner who havo backing enough not to relax their ef. -- got-possessi- - on u - ; forts, in so good a cause, bo their opposers ' ' who they may. ' II. M. 