3 v - ( - . . - For the Exponent. , Father, for tho.blesslnga they enjoyed.-- . such a peo- ings of God will surely, ba vith ple( evening, 14th, we reached --Ugan nnd vvpm Bnon snucrlv ensconcea ior the evening in Sister J. Richards's hospita. bie m aMiDirjTW . Ma-lad- is aMuiful:i:vaiieythonsan MY NATIVE MOUNTAINS. ourpopr acres "of good land Awaiting; (or brethren wbow anu en j oyrrTTT- Abfmy noble native mountains, ' j" Still the music of thy fountains thee: am from far ears I thoufrh, urmnrs sweetly id my ' ...::y.' )AndtbytorrentBda8binr,Kleftminff; : or AstheydowntbfiidesareBtreamJDffi ;! h". In the sunshine bri htly.beamiDj?, T Snowrhejd 9 recep- - TuesdayVth, . . . ; -, totortageV wKQrevwilwrndly entertained bv Bishop Hoskins andlamiiy Held raeeting lin the eyeriiDg, and were ' :aee(Jefl ' , Seem a songr of invitation to Wslngtaguntotne. . n It may bo a superstition, ;r , . But before my mental vision, Scenes of borne, my mountain borne," so oft appear to rise, Scenes that to my heartAre dearestuij And in imagination nearest To the Vale, where shines the clearest G od In Para" Sight that beams on happy spirits, praising , , , ' . ".' to disc. . , -- me it seems like heaven, Yes, Does my mountain home at even. - ;" - ',7 i; "': Friday-- sun that shines above them, Sees no people whom the Father greater blessiDgs ever sent. ' to thee, gladly, ' For my heart yearns for thee eadly, And I long to flee from Cab' Ion and return to thee, sweet I hasten homo ; . - : - . . Grand old mountains! piles stupendous! Thou seem'st to stand there to defend us r , From the judgments bo tremendous, And the desolating- scourges, that bpon the earth must - irr And when war spreads consternation come. .;.'..i ' t Through this land, and desolation Stalks abroad, with form so gaunt, throughout the tions of the earth, . , , . na- ' , Then thy peace shall princes envy, ".? ; And thy valleys teem with plenty, ' For . : tby. people, who will then be In enjoyment of that peace, of which the world knows not the worth ." V : - Council Bluffs, May 16, 137& m For the EiPONEMT. THE SISTERS' VISIT NORTH. Friday. May 3d, Mis3 E, R. Snow and I left Ogden on the U. N. R. R. to visit the ' settlements inf Malad ( Yalley; we bad a pleasant trip t to', Hamptbq'sin company With Apostles"; WiUord Woodruff and Erastus Snow,' and wife,. Bishop. O, C. Haskins. and Brotber'Mansfield met us with comfortable." conveyance to take us to . a in safety earl v Portage; where we ' arrived " the '; evening; Jn M8V - " Saturday. " 4th. , 1111 CU J j t wpIi ".uui,u the brethren ns :o eetlnjrs. .. 3 me oia- , y ' and we were blessed and ' encourac-ehv uiu mim wurua ui me mshop and his Counselors. Bishop Gi Dunford met tm nere, ana wuu liisnop Hoskins accompa, : , , , 10 th,? accompanied, ;;,,!" L. , . -- Clark at whoso house we were entertained in Weston, and Bro. Gassman, we reached Franklin and 1 met with the sifters at three i o'clock; Bishop Lafayette Hatch ahd his .counselors., attended with us, and "all their gratitude for the blessings they jeceived. In tho evening we: met withy the JM. rl. A.1 ofboth ; sexes, youngs Vmenl and iwomen,;and had a good! time.1 Sister. Snow addressed tho young and advised them to improve every opportunity Ingoing good, and to cultivatejhemselyes that they might become truly great. . Saturday,' 1 1th, we reached Richmond, ; and met with the sisters In the afternoon, and held joint meeting of tho young ladies and gentlemen in the evening. Sunday, I2th, We met with the sisters in : - . d s 1 nied us to Samaria: Sundavj !th .againattended thiee meetings, and Sifter Sno wlassisf edTBIshopDuhfbrd the Relief Society. sizing - , IhortrariV: 1 , v Monday, c th,; wo reached Malad in y with Brothers Dunford, Hoskins and Mansfleld,attended three meetings of breth- ren and sisters, and all were at Sister Snow's presence, and thedelighted kind counsel and encouragement she gave will be com-pan- them Several carae: J,ememberMd by to attend meeting, and all, expressed their, gratitude to. God, our Smithiield . in the morning dined WifhT r about forty brethren and sisters, Bishop S. :Roskelly and his counsel being of the num-:- ; ber. : Afternoonj accompanied by Bishop Roskelly and others, we visited Hyde Park, and had a good .tim6 with. the Saints; all , Attended (meeting, and were thankful- - to JiaveSister Snow visit Jhemi. J think her Instructions will long be, remembered by (the Saints hi every settlement; all. seemed .to enjoy their privileges as Saints, and ,were thankful for every- blessing. As we ' traveled ; we thanked Godj'our ;Fa tlier for aU HlsZmcrcies; we felt that' He was in-- ( deed blessing His people; The fields iooked Vbeautiful in their 'robeof green, and the trees were covered .with' blossoms j ".every : whero'lhere werii prospects of a boun teous " :? ' harvest. After' visiting Brother and Sister McCaV -lister, we left L6gan? Monday, LTthand ( reached Brigharri' City by train. That, 3(eyening wo' visited the fick; next morning. wo- attended the meelinrr of tho sisters XQrJheirjorganizatiopJhjv Stake ca- pacuy. .men wo visited several Co operative Institutions, andjwere delighted with; the energy and enterprise of the brethren and sisters of Brigham City; w the new Woolen and Silk Factory now neatly com. ' pleted, and which will soon be in operation Here the artisan and mechanic will not have to cry for work in. "vain, neither will ' their families have to try for bread. I felt that It was truly the hive of: Beseret, and Its people aro Jho working bees; the bless i . : ; ! -- - ed ; ; " - ; d e. KM- sharp discussion going on. respecting tho admission of ladies to the meetings of the British Medical1 Association. Dr. Wilson Fox, has resigned his There is a pretty Sister by rr to place. We shall not forgot our visit Jior ;JG. Davi?.; those wo visited. - ' - v aveyingus uus,andzfor kindly , . : ' ; c; k- ' ; ex-press- . , i 1 Yes, f our meetngvwilX'tho.' brothreri and. sisters of that settlement Wo returned to Salt Lake"City The"satrioe vening; and were.thabKfal,tdiur"eve'rily;Father for all His blessingsrand. for bur safety, and twe feel to thank our brethren and sisters in every settlement .for their ikintl caro over ; met-- .- ab-senc- While woes follow those who drove them, God and good men all will love them, i; O the U3ith theit pisence . ; , en-joye- with the; sisters; Bishop , JardlneHptly-liis" ccunselbrsl attended with mahyVbther breth-- . rtn.!4Wehad an 'exceUen t ;mee tl ng A f-left 1 teiLiiiurie with tho' sisters aftefnoori-an- d ;eyening. ! Many oiithe brethren were present and ex- pressed their regret "at their Bishop's d . ThhrsdavrlCtrrfyithMhiibove-nam- el sisters, also Sisters -West, Herrick and Frqd-sharwo visited- Marriotsvillej and- - miu, Jhur J f; ent unexpected yist. very pleased and eve- We.miet with' the.'sisters afternoon ' uingj jmany of tho brethren here also honored When the sun in bis effulgence sinks behind the Western ' r bills. ,; ''""' ;r:i ; Or when Luna sheds her silver, ; .4: ... Over valleys lake and river 4 Trrrr-Anthe leaflets gently quiver, ; .m In the breeze ..bo softly laden with the song of distant rills ' Noble mountains! n?ath thy shadows, . ; Falling over, farms and meadows, -'' Liyo a people, of all people, blessed, rich, and mostcoii-"tent.'4-- J e ijiuiewou xewtonj.isnop at our were vs i a IA1 J1CI WednesdavlBthl in, company WithSfc ters .Richards, Brown, Belknap, Odell.. and : ; in PortagVrtW '" ; ; eclnesda8t& we je 'P till.. IlCl.i U U tttheri,:wo visitedOen Vailea grouty enjoyed our trip through tho cafion, i viewing the grand scenery, awful in.; ts grandeur. We: had' an excellent meeting wero many pres with the peoplefOT-thcr- i greatly blessed. ; -- , VV ' ;embersh'ip"beuse.:ih council of the association have infbrmed bim that they "Kav6" no power to prevent tha attendance of ladies who are members of the association.' Professor List eY, the eminent surgeon who 1 camo omdin- burgh' to take the late Sir "William' Fergus-son'- s place at King's ' College Hospital, writes to the "British Medical Jounal', -- that hehalt 'ff example unJ ' less this matter is set right.' It appears that early In 1873 Mrs. Garrett Anderson, : M. D., of Paris, and Mrs. Hoggan, M B., of Zurich were elected members of the association by. the committee of the council. Attention; was called to this fact at. the Ed. inburgh meeting of the association and it was determined that papers should bo sent v to all the members of the association asking them to say yes or no, as to whether, they wished ladies to be present.. 4,161 answers : -- - follow-BrriFox- ; , were received, of which" 3,072 were noes. Since then nor Jadies ;have: been elected. But it is easier to elect than to unelect, and the question is what is now to bo done? n.The doctors, who are- - perfectly, ready to at. 'tend ladies as patients, -- however delicate may bo the naturo.of their complaints, are such prudes that they say that they cannot .possibly discuss these, complaints in ,.the . presence of two ladies brought, up to the medical pro fes.s ion . - They ar(o willing to act as accoucheurs and take lumping, fees, but it would make them blush to discuss obstetrics before lady obstetricians, and, ;., therefore,; Mrs, Anderson and Mrs. Hoggan are to have t hei r subscri if Association the would not lose Drj Fox and Professor Lister. When I read such stuff as this I'say, with old 'Mr. Henley,r: that I -- y j ptibns-returne- libackandishuut. :amreadykto-lle-onm- y 'V'fPudge!. : 1 It is even worse than that, pure; unadulbmted, professional ' v Selected; ? it is selQsh-nes- s. --rrf-- Anotiieu new novel from the pen of Mrs. Harriet Beecher Stowo has just been r published, iPoganuc People." It is pronounced by critics and reviewers to be one of her brightest and best stories of New ; m vEngiand life; . m . 