WOMAN'S 100 THIRD QUARTERLY CONFERENpE. RELIEF SOCIETY JUAB CO, STAKE, Held at NgphiMeeting Housef Oct,0tfap-187- 8. All members of the Stako Board presen r, also Pres. G. Teasdale, Apostlo Orson Pratt, Patriarch JrG. Bigler, Bishop John Andrews and Bro. Georgo Kendall. After singing, prayer, and reading of minutes of . thp! former meeting, Pres. Amelia" Goldsbrough said; "It is with a thankful heart that I stano" here. I am proud . of the opportunity that' have to represent the society and the sisters of this place, and am very much pleased witti' the energy of niy sisters. I wish to speak con:, cerning our little granary. I wish it could have been finished in time to receive the grain donated by the sisters. I think, we should have had much more grain stored; solicit the "brethren to assist us in this matter. I am glad the sisters are alive to their duties, iri waiting on the sick, clothing the dead, etc. I feel to repeat what J said last Conference to the teachers, to go as com- forters, ana maso in e people ieei mat ineir friends are coming to see them. I am happy to. isay lilder Orson Pratt is here" and will speak to us,'. ,X'iiejelVtQ";l)eaT"mrfesti- mony to the truth of the work we are enam called gaged " t . , J -- . . , - hroi'-tb-ad--wBStever;:- i God .blea3y6u!alir:"AHe1n7 todo.Iay Pres. Serena Aagard , from Levan, said : I am .pleased to say the members of tho Relief Society of Levah are alive to their '. duties in blessing and" comforting the poor. There is' a good spirit prevailing in our We 'aro. getting material tp meetings. gather to build' a house to meet in, tjie brethren are doing, all in their power to help us in this matter. "I pray God to help in the great work us to perform .ouV-parii a which we are engaged. 'Amen. Pre'flT Goldshrdugh asked if there was any one present '.".to" represent Moha, but there was not "She then said she was pleased with the sisters of Mona branch; they are doing all in their power to promote the interest of the, Society. Elder Orson Pratt said: "I have not been accustomed, only on very few occasions, to speak to Relief Societies, but do not wish to shrink from any duty that devolves upon me;' I feel glad that tho Lord, through His servants, has seen fit to organize more extensively1 the1 Relief Societies, which in Nauvoo by the were first organized ' Prophet Joseph. The sisters are not called to preside over Church Conferences and do the work the brethren aro called to do, but they can labor in their own sphere and accomplish all that the L6rd designs them to do. I have no doubt the Prophet Joseph was inspired of God to5 organize these societies. God In His wisdom considered that man could not perform all the duties that were necessary to be performed alone; the Lord designed that Jthey should work together for the mutual good of both. I have.no doubt but the Prophet Joseph saw that an organization .of this kind was necessary, in order that the abilities of woman may not. lie dormant Woman does ,not perform nil her duties by attending to, her household affairs: the Lord designed that they should have opportunities to do all the good their hearts desire to do. Therp is a greater object than laying up grain Ahich is very commendable both in the brethren and the ehters to do), but this .Is a Bmall'1 thirty compared to the greater ones. When the Lord intrusted to you the children, sent iroin the presence of God, first intrusted to your cafe that they may bo raised in the upon '. r . , ; . . E X.P ONE NT. fear of; God and be brought up a3 they should' l)e, remember they need training In their infancy! This duty devolves 'on the mother; she has all the respomibili-tie- s, of their, early training, the father is away attending to other duties... Sisters, as, your children come to years of accounta1 bility you have the responsibility-of-inaiili- . ing the principles of eternal life , in their hearts; teach them the object of their teach them that it is .rioceskry, when they choose, a,compan ion to live With to all cellent instructions, both on and the Saints 'dealing righteously . with each other. On the principle of righteousness Bro. Joseph F.Smith particularly In- co-operati- - - be-ine- r: eternity), that they should b dictated by the Spirit of God. God has decreed from before the foundation of the world that eternal union "in marriage is necessary. t siste- d- The following report, from Aug. 17, 78, to'Nov. 10, '.78,. was read and accepted: Received In Sundries. .7.!. .'. . .'..7... ...,$ 70 20 25 11 Sunday eggs, 125 doz...... 13 50 Gleaning 27 bu. wheat......... sale of By cheese, quilts, Ac. k.. 36 50 Total 11 this kingdom? Sisters,' it is your duty to instruct the young in tho principles of our holy religion; if they are cared for and properly trained very few J will go astray. ThTApostle PauTiitrthe man is not without the woman In tho Lord, neither Is the woman Without the man; we must enter the Celestial world together; we can not obtain Celestial glory unless we aro joined together, by proper authority. The Lord Intends there shall Wan eternal relation, ' ship between husband and wife. Wo" roust begin our work here and not go into the spirit world ignorant. If man alone performed all the duties, how could they be suitable companions for each other? -- He has permitted woman to be a helpmate to GOO-ft- ' A. S. ' . , QUARTERLY CONFERENCE. ., A Quarterly Conference of the Ephraim Relief Society was held here on the 16th lind 17 th of Nov., 1878, at which Conter-"enc- e Pres. John Taylor, Apostles Orson Pratt, Erastus Snow and Joseph F. Smith were present, from whom we received ex "-- ' Rock ville, Nov. 80th, 1878. Editor Exponent: We would like to bo remembered in your columns once more. "We aroltuated in a little, isolated place, but nevertheless we feel it our duty to strive to become one with our sisters in addiug our mite to build up the Kingdom of Heaven, and perform our part in benefitting each other, and do that which becometh daughters in Zion. We are trying to fulfill our" mlssI6n: and much praise is due some of our members, who are the mothers of several small chil. . drnn, for their regular and punctual attendance; we think they are weaving for themselves a bright future, and in that day when the Lord comes to make up his jewels" they will be accepted. We enjoy ourselves in meeting together tp talk of the blessings of our Father in heaven, for a good spirit prevails and we feel that we are obeying His commands, and that gives joy and satisfaction to the faithtul. We have united with the young men in donating lor a library, consisting of about thirty volumes suited generally to our wants. We hold our meetings weekly in winter, and during y the summer for working and for reading and speaking. We have been afflicted a great deal .this, summer with sickness, which has d us to postpone our meeting together for a season, but as the Lord overrules all things for our good, we hope it .will be the means of waking us up to a sense of our duties, and learn. to4 live nearer the Lord and serve Him more diligently. Your is most welcome visitor and paper always n, is read With increasing interest. Praying that the blessing of God may attend your efforts; to publish peace aud semi-monthl- semi-month- ly com-pelle- . good will, wc remain- V Your sister, : Hbnblettjl Stout, Pres. Madame Cazamju, the eldcsT sister of died in Franco. has Just "George Sand" ' ' 4 . .1. TU. auo ueam 13 aiao announceuI vif Itil mw; vum-tess- e -- 1 de Saint Andres, the- widdibf the celebrated Spontlni.- - She was a woman distinguished both for her wit and her beauty. Uhateaubtiand spoke of'her as a "woman who of all others best knew how to say amiable things with grace and noble Tainil- -- ? ;t.' Y. L. JSk.X'A. REPORT. v:; EPHRABI RELIEF SOCIETY. . Armstrong, Sec'y. ' at ' sis- ,. ters, .... Disbursements. To the poor for rent, in storepay, provisions, &c.......,..r...;......i..t.$40 00 Cheese on hand tor the Tern pie...... ..500 lbs. Wheat stored for Zion.v..;v;.l'..:300 bu. On hand and for sale, six homemade shawls. 1 man, and has continued mule arid female upon the earth up to this time, and evidently designed that both should perform their part. He calls Apostles to preside, and Seventies and High Priests, Ac, but this does not relieve woman from her duties. In our spiritual existence before we came here, we "Understood what the privileges of these spirits were; there was quite a difference between the spirits that came; would we "understood that the First-bor- n come and be the Redeemer. We looked upon our Savior as the only person that could come and redeem the world. Our spirits were reserved from before tho foundation of this world, to come forth at this time, when the fulness of his Gospel should be restored. We came in a state of forge we aro learning the lesson oyer again that we have learned before to test our integrity. I will venture a prophecy there will bo that the time will come-thno such thing known as the children of this people dishonoring the law .of God, but through tho proper training they shall receive,; they shall grow up in purity before the Lord, May God add His blessing. Amen. The authorities af. the Juab Relief Society Stake organization were presented by Pres. Teasdale, aud unanimously sustained. Singing. Benediction by Bro. George Ken- ;, dall. " Maky Pitchfortii, Sec'y, A. L.'Bigter, Cor. Sec'y. 145 31 Cheese made for Society by tho The men that are in our midst, who will flatter and try to lead you away, my sisters, or marry you, what can they offer you even in marriage? "What can you expect outsldo of . larity." - . .:v- 