WOMAN'S EXPONENT. East Bountiful, Editor Exponent: t May 17, 1878. . Our Young Ladies' Improvement Association was February 19,1878, Call and his counsel, by Bishop Chester Mrs Elizabeth H. Barlow President of the Relief Society, and her counselors; officers as follows: Nancy Wiliey, President. ed Jane Holt, Vice President, Mary A. Call, Eliza Dalrymple, Regina Stoker, Sarah C. Sessions, Counselors, Mary willey; Jane A. Hale, Alice J. Call, Secretary, Huldah Stoddard, Assistant Secretary, Mary Woolstenholme, Treasurer. memThe Society numbers seventy-tw- o bers, including officers. Meetings are held every two weeks; the exercises consist of lectures and readings from the Church works, and testimonies. We have a magazine, entitled The Young Ladies' Coin panion," which is issued monthly. We are striving to do our best In this great and glorious work In which we are engaged; hoping that we may continue faithful to the end, I remain, Yours very respectfully, Alice Je annette Call, HER OPPORTUNITIES. WOMAN AND An hours' reading each day in some useful book, helps prepare a woman for future work and lifts her out of a daily routine of housework, where there is a family to be" attended to It is time to rise above the pressure and hurry of a life of drudgery, time for woman to show more time to break away from false customs that are destroying true womanhood. To be able to comprehend largely and see things in their true sense is one of the results of education. is necessary for our improvement; it teaches us to know more of ourselves, and thus to know more of others. There are many ways in which a woman can develop the powers which the Father has endowed her with. It has been truly said, "educate the mother and you will elevate the children." There is a vast field of labor for woman; her capabilities were not given her to" lie "dormant, but to bo employed in acquiring knowledge and becoming cultivated. A true' lady will regard the rights and feelings of others, and it Is no mark of a lady or gentleman to be uncouth or indifferent to another's feelings or welfare; politeness to be made a ought habit. Mothers should ..set examples of this before their, children; It is vain to look for a noble character without some cultiva-eariy oandation ould bo laid in self-relianc- Self-cultur- e, e Hfe. There is no' branch of education that woman may not undertake, but all should bo aught the benefit of personal dignity and the need and utility of hem selves to the circumstancesadapting in which thev STiff"?" Beet0 8hw yourselves true :you possess, and occupy, disciplined ly culture and sffi essenUal to ; m& ?TFVlh glory of womanhood . tM ee? g 1 dlsaSre There said about womens with some of those and cturers, tSC l?tW3 there are are inspired with yet a true desiro to elevate woman to a higher sphe not by nV? influence, but helping to do what men have failed to see for the ad. destroying-men'- s vantage of humanity. Women may entertain somo ideas that may not be wholly consistent, but let woman labor in her sphere and not strive to do that which is not appointed her to do. What aro our future lives to be? Just what we qualify ourselves for. The interests of any community would, I firmly believe, profit by the "franchise" being extended to women; every woman should esteem it a privilege and a duty to vote. Women should havo a good general educa, tion which-wi- ll understandgl v them of the of their country ana ing government the right of suffrage. If women were allowed more of these privileges, they would materially benefit society. Men are calculated to lead out, and for this reason should have sympathy for woman, instead of crushing the germ implanted in her mind by the Author of her being, for a noble purpose Then why seek to rob woman of the privilege assigned her in her creation bea helpmeet? Why should she not stand sido by side with her brother in all questions ef interest Women often take shelter iu their weakness, and believe it is right; whereas, if woman knew herself, her soul is large enough for all' her Maker intended her for. She controls, or ought to, the elements of life, the germ of future glory. Shall we not urge woman to realize her responsibility and influence,, in the manner natural to her nature? We are pleased to note the growing desire of women to live? for something higher than daily drudgery, and the common concerns of mere earthly existence. God has designed her to share with man the glories of an exaltation. The position she occupies, if properly filled, is just as honorable as his; she cannot fill his place, he cannot fulfill the duties which belong to hers, therefore, there is no need of any quarrel as to who i3 the greatest. ! Mary Jane Crosby. East Bountiful, June 14, 1878. TFor the Exponent. WOMAN'S ADVANCEMENT. From time immemorial woman has, to a certain extent, been either the slavo.br pet of men. Now some noble spirits aro step, ping on the platform of life, bearing freedom to women. Their: strong desires and fixed purposes are brought to bear on the minds of their fellow-sisterthe noble powers of woman, which have so long lain dormant, are now awaking to new life, and universally, almost, women realize they are not slaves, or toys, but something nobler and better. The true woman is gentle and refined, having those finer qualities not so generally found among men. Yet her intellect 13 as great, her aspirations as lofty; she can ' amuse herself with the frolics of children, or, If need be, she is capable ef governing nations. From the same chaotic matter of which the Lord formed man made He woman also, and a? s; JPtandikin shd eventu- ally may also be queen and priestess. Tho curso is being removed from woman; man will not long be permitted to wield an iron sceptre over hwy but will understand her right position-a- s companion and counselor. Nowhere are women as a class treated with the respect and equality that they are among the Latter-da- y Saints. Here they are the honoied wives of good and intelligent men, having no doubts of their hus- - 23 band's fidelity. Not so elsewhere foras pagan Greece had her educated coubte-sans- , who Were publicly the favorites of philosophers and statesmen, ; while tho wives and mothers were often but household drudges, so, in modern Christian nations many of the wives and mothers are almost ignored, while their husbands 8pehd4ime and money with the "Demimonde." Yet the erreat crv is thnso Mnrmnnsi tvtap. tice plurality of wives! Oh, how horrible! Their- WOmon flrAw KnnnrahlA wUtchs IT 1 VO ItlAH their children are legitimate. Oh, what a A dreadful state of society! Congress should iuwb. imu uicao ujaiiuia iiiuy tiiiuK: sensational newspapers are at work, ana mey would have armies sent hero to clear this great social evil (plural marriage) from tho face of the earth. These Mormons, say they are a civil, industrious people, we wrou!d. like to live among them; they have built up a flourishing Territory, but their morals are so corrupt. Why do they not pattern after us? we have only one wife. But they da not tell what secret practices exist among them, these aro fashionable follies, and respectable people havo these small vices. Women have shown great executive talent in all the departments of life. They have governed nations as royally as kings. They are the queens of song, and the mimic stage, and the ministering angels to mankind, Men will yet learn of woman's capabilities, and that women havo souls which will shine forth in such brilliancy as to enlighten their understanding, and cause mem 10 acKnowieuge women their equals. The lords of creation sneer at strong-mindeintelligent women; they say they loso that simplicity and modesty so attractive to man. But if you speak of marriage to these wise beings, they shake their heads, heave a sigh, and fiom their appear- anco one would suppose they werd about to - be involved in some great misfortune. They will tell you they really cannot afford it, the girls are so extravagant, they are such frivolous and senseless creatures, not at all like their grandmothers. True, many of the young ladies are what are defined "as frivolous and senseless to a certain extent, and they aro so because frivolous and senseless men have formed the customs of society and the laws that govern the world. Let tho mothers of Israel telf their daughters that they are designed fer a nobler o than to bo tho mere pet, or drudge of any man. Placo before them incentives1 to uauuio wnai women should be intelligent, refined, and capablo being3. Teaclfihem-tbecoino'true daughters, wives and moth-er- s in the noblest sense. That to be the wife of an intelligent, worthy man', no matter how many responsibilities ho 'lias already assumed, is better, than to bo tho one wife of a licentious; monogamist - Tho man that is wdrthf lof the name is the noblest of God's' creation, tho head and chief, and by his side standi tho woman as hia companion neither being perfect without thocounselor, ! Such are those that carry the other r stamp of nobility; those who have risked livc3 and property to benefit It heir, fellow fnr inoso wno respect and honor women- - .but they are tho few and not thom -- . d, pur-pos- o non-beHevI- ng ed 'sc'' Sen of h! given to tne wo-- ? tno &reat cry was the h nnd- L ; ;rtan' " ?f Senator, "Mormn can yoa not do theo poor pale-face- d, somethKr abused 'creatures?: Look into these matters, and free these spised women from the hands of their per- - secuiors..' the bondan-- de- Now that the world know that . nf h ; R Tumeij 13 a 