jJ The next day I went demieal eotirse. --We vwpnld.n lvo noticed we i rot "space; names , here, bu have Mat- with much sfttigfactlbn the Dame tie II, Paul (one of our Jady typoes) as a graduate in Chemistry., An appropriate speech of-Mi- bod y and Paris, a distance of miiesrriviDg WrFdayri ed iriy children ajl well. During my ilay J rntt wif:-thsix ty ss wasimadjt4yMirr marks by Treat, ayJorProfr Lewis' George Reynolds, Regent, and Professors Toronto and Kingahury lo.s Mr. Fraufe- - Cannpn( in behalf f acoimiolttee lessors Park and Toronto two pairs ;of fceatiti ful engravings, as a testimonial :of esteem and appreciation of their diligent labors. The gentlemen responded happily, althongh taken eL-- " ' ,. ? tirely by surprise. ..Tie., Second Quarter jy ..Mcetfng oi!fal branches of the Belief Society in'.galt Late Stake of Zion, wit! be held .in the. Fourteenth Ward 'rAisembly ;"Boomf::bn.r Saturday ,Ube 22nd day of June, aud: will convene at 2 o'clock p. m. The President and Secretary of the Board desired Us to s'ate that they wished the Reports handed in from the several branch es as soon as possible, in older to facilitate the work, of the Secretary, and that everything might be arranged in perfect order. Tbe brethren and sisters who are Interested in promoting women's Interest in 'Zion are cordially in vited to be present"on the occasion. It Is expected ; that, at this Quarterly "meeting, there will be time and opportunity to hear from some of the brethren of the Quorum of Apostles and other honored brethren, and also from theupxesiden ts of the jarious brauclies of the Relief Society and other sistcs who may be present. VMiy Xf yVd e, Belief Socie tier f t h"G3 fstjin dtSecon dr Wards in Pa:is, also Wiethe Young, Ladifs Associations riiaJso'IsitcdIontpeJier, .St Cbatesy dyid :and Bfcbrn ibgtonjndlaccom panied PresIdentBudge, by jnvnauouiiim himto Liberty and assisted Bishop Austin: in, organizing : aeliefjoeiefyint told them theyrwere behind the times, and living beneath their privileges In being so long, without an organization,:. Presidents Bicb and J. Budge are very much Interested in the' labors of the sisters also the . Bishops that met with us. Paris is Improving xery fast. : On my return trip I met wlhrluxiiartmprovement-Associatio- n of Meadowyille. They having no Belief Society, T told the sisters by all means to have1 one organized by the" Bishop explaining5 to them the difference between the two ot ganlzatioiiST-thR?ltef Society i lei ng organized by the Priesthood to assist ihe Bishops In welf looking after the poor tf their Ward, as as other important duties they were icalled upon to perform, while the other was expressly for improvement among the yoiihgi morally was every where met with aud f piritually. love and kindness. We1 had much of he Spirit cf God in our Imeetiogs, and all. felt b!e&t avd benefitted v e h i n ou r own carriage, my husbariil and pai t of his family. beingiwith mearriylngaboiit tight o'clock Sunday, evening May 6, finding all well, for whicli bleSsing am truly: tliankful to : my Heavenly Father. , ' 4 e I 1 l t M. ISAUELLA IIORNE. the mind. All persons tha at middle age, at least, wid agrt-- e i ave ar- - with me that moments of patleanife are as drdp of gentle: dew, or as oft4iealIgg balni, and ever kindle anew; sensations of joy . f Lift roughest patbstHset. with thorns j and djfllcuitiesf ane made easier and smoother, and all trials more endurable, by the brighter passages .which now -- , .nd:then7intervtne7ioTiherfehape'rjleasantii: moments. Perchance i t is only.'a visit of some dear, precious friend, or relative, b ringing with' -- them a true heart and tboT genuine sympathy, that is ever' pleasing to the recipient, ' ahbfra weight is lifted foralm an elevating atmoFpherofbratlme. iV ls said,' but we Pleasures are short-live- d might allddilinanyv pieman tjin lives by becoffllng more Jtruiy h other;" When we reflect hdwmdeh pleasure we are capable of enjoying and'!mtartlDg4 should be wise enough td; hqsbahd ail f he pleaf eant hours we cknj and wbile"gdtbe.Ktp;our hearts 'the honey which distils fronTncta bf kindneEsand words...of love and tendernefijiet us scatter around our pathway. tlio ffagrance of Jbe rich treasures too little of each other, and groloo haTd ano practical, methlnks, sometimes, 'negJectipg the pleasant moments ,we. might enjoy lest we should lose our chance qf gaining, come tde sired object; but no amount of wealth, or luxu rypr attainments, can, ever satisfyl the uul,if all is crude and severe and narrow in our home and Its associations. The humble peasant toils tholivelondfiy,;and if whenight cornea al: lqvirig wife greets him with a kiss, a sin tje and lights up his home wiih: a Joyful couriten-anc- e, such moments repay the toil, the hard-Bp, and lift the soul beyond labor, to revel in the realms of domestic bliss.- ;5 j' Tin'; Let us ligarner up in the '4torchouseo the " the ueaiurea'orfsdahj-s6uiralong with r 111'iL tit k u til.' na r jL a. 1 ung w ieuge,vuu t anaj ppy rem em'J Jprpnee s khuilLt of exqulsi t e pleasures an d moments.' off rue inayfceonir-foreyer- , eiijoymentl" and yet-.ithe retrospective view yrf take of tipe, they will eam; upon us. pathos to the eloquence 7of life's 4enderest -- . -- . 4 hi VISIT TO. BEAR LAKE VALLEY. TFor tho EocPONEst. - -- PLEASANT MOMENTS. I left borne Thursday morning, April 4th, to visit my children in Bear Lake Valley, going by way of Evanstcn. I' heard part of a conversation between some gentlemen on the cars, wjilch was very amusing. There was a little man aboard who teemed to be very nervous and inquisitive; on arriving at a small town he said, "What place Is thh?" A gentleman from Salt Lake City (not of our faith) replied, l,Thls is Echo". The little man asked, VAre there any Mormons here?" The answer was "I do not know; if there are any they will not hurt you.". He then gave him a short the building up of the town while they were building the railroad, the number of inhabitants, how many men and wemen and how many Mormons there were then; he himself living there aUbe time. JiNow," said he, "I live in Salt Lake City, with Mormon neighbors all around mej th-treat me as well as own do their they people. One; thing,! like about, them they support their own poor, and sustain their own church, while other denominations are always begging of me. They make merpay them money every year, while the Mormons let me alone." Well'1 pafU the nervous man; "I don't know anything about whaC I hear in the East Ii would them, only ' to like go to Salt Lake myself." The other gentleman said, "You would find there a gcod ac-coun- tof y industrious people." At Evans ton I tcok the. stage, arriving at Woodruff about eight o'clock, and was kindly entertained by Bishop Lee and family; Sister Lee, who is - President of the Relict Society, said that they were raising stock to seH for tbe porpof e of raisirg money to buy wheat to store away, as it was too cold to raise much grain in that valley. I commended them for their energy, and wished them success, in.the and I counseled the other' Societies in Bear Lake Valley to go Into the same business. ; ; ; 7 The i nil uence of moments spent in pleasan t iz company, or among pleasant surroundings is al Ways elevating. Everybody istready to acknowledge- the influence of plesaant people. There is something invigorating and refreshing Jn the society of people of pleasant and kindly manners, even though they know nothing of 4n the rules bf etiquette;and are hot language, or science. They reflect themselves and carry the sunshine of life with them, which gladdens all that come within the radius of its beams. .. But pleasant moments impress themselves upon the heart, they linger in our memory like some bright dreamand we recall them again and again, and live them oyer and fin-over in imagination, ;, ;j7.:: scenes Times, hours; moments, spent among that have engraven themselves upon memory's tablets form pleasant episodes in the history of Individuals; they not only impress us happily and add to our enjoyment then, but ever and anon along :the journey of life, in moments of quiet, or it may be when sorrow lays Its hand in chastening upon us, these moments of delight rise up to bless us with their tender reminiscence?, and we draw around us with fancy's picturing the loved cnes who were near lis in the time, and breathe in again, as.it veie, the exquisite luxury of y: the moments never to be forgotten. 1 1 is not- always w ealtb, or 1 s a pp 11 a nee s,.o r surroundings, that yield most real pleasurable moments; often , in the rustic cottage beside the open fire of pine knots, or in some plain, homely garden, or perchance, under the boughs of some gnarled and unpymmVtrical old tree, the tender thought, the brilliant Jest may have been called .forth, that will live in memory while life lingirv--Horruilar are human. emotions, and ho v. curtrusly they affect the -- rr n apd-giy- OBITUABY; . , w 'J in Mill Bip, J une 3d, of Creek tWaid t Salt: Lake '6o.t Puerperal Fever and diseased lungs, In her 44th year, Charlotte;Bebec( wife of James B. Murphy. Decease Murphy, t as bom in Uuion DIsL, South. Catollna; went with her parents tp Georgia! when, quite; you ng;,was Tjaplizedintdllhe Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-daSaints May18C3, by Eider Jefse 4E. Murphy; emigrated to Utah 1870, where she continued to reside,' faithfully performing the duties of wife,' mother, and Saint, until the Lord cal led her to an'oth er field o f labor. Becfased was a member of tho Belief Society, and performed alt the worln: the House of the Lord that time and opportunity would admit of: She ;dled Jn fiilP faith with bright hopes of a glorious Uesurrection; truly can it be said of her that stie fought the g8od flgbt, kept the faith,' and ihere is. a crown of life' at d immortal i ty i u store for her. Truly pwe mourn her loss, but not afthose who have y . in-Marc- h : , far-of- f ' e touches. j 1 '"i'' 'l-- -- -- .no hopefor, 'Blessed arethe deVdlwho diaJjx. the Lord, for their works do.follow them. ' Con. Victoria was fifty.niuo years old on tho 24th olt., and tho was made a holiday in Canada, anniversary flasrs were whilo . displayed on tho British Now in. vesaqls : . : QUEEN York. . , , ..-..:- . - 