Vol. SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH, , APRIL 1,1878. 0. SMaz. the Expos est. , . QUESTIONING S. 7 Sweet woman chllcTTTBSf nestles ncaTmylTcarr, Witli downy touch like blrdllngs la the nest, :rlT,. And gaze upon my treasure bought with pain, , ' And pity you for woman's destinyt ' And long to shield as mothers long in Tain. . Life seems so hard to such as we, my love, An endless round of 'weakness, toll and pain,' Of deep humiliation longings vain, : ; , " .; We're bidden to the last and lowest seats , The Master's servants at His table 'spread, And given but fragments of the royal feast, for their own, into-cousidcratio- : has sent , throne. . . They say that from their hands we must receive The bread of life which they may ask of Him Though they may follow him to love and serve, We must but lore and fiorve and follow them. r v . homn9-'kiag&mi&tom- r darling! you have lately sen His face And in His presence felt no diffidence; Oh, tell! ere you forget or my heart break, If now you are forever banished thence? If after we bare worn his crown of thorns And borne, like Him, the Gross, with bleeding feet, To touch our outstretched hands He o'er, will scoru, Or send, not bring, the balm of healing sweet? May we no longer touch His garment's hem t f Without a brother's hand outstretched between? Will His roice but quicken them And leave us sleeping till break our dream? Is servitude our everlasting doom? ,( ; t '. B'en high as man's hopes may we not aspire? , : ' Because we her sit In. the lowest room V Will Christ ne'er call us "Daughterwme up higher?" . Your mild, sweet, saintly eyea look Into mine, A slow, rapt smile breaks overyour small face,'. -Your lips keep silence, solemn, sweet, divine, : Cut In your beatific look I trace : k A glad assurance that the lowly Lord ; r Oh, life-givi- ng that such act of sovereignty belongs alone n? to develop. them;'; to the States. The vote shows an Immense" aavance m tne puDUC sentiments wnen, in Congress, the House Judiciary coinmitteo gtVeau - thy Whose feet the Matfdalen might bathe and kiss Who gave, not sent, to her His precious word, Will end the cankering doubts In bliss. ' v . " perfect , ' - f --- nentof-Europ- : o iiingianu anutnoconti-- ' very conlliclincr. Bis- - is understood to have; indicated a: disposi- A Vint 'innnoooiftno frn I till tt rYnlri! furl Ba. 1... lllll. 4t inu aimhixrsuuiu iu xvuuuxuuiu, uui n rl AUXSA tfTarrtrsnn mfanil nnnrofipnomnii nf J IvUVW J J ' . y n j : L I 111.1k K Vl & rvffVt If ; X -- 1 i hitj & X 1 . , no.7. 11 aoanaonea an iaea ox issuing invitations t onn int. r 4 n InmrrAoa iiTTJonno -- on vw vvukav V uw Tni tin. A- iiouut Auioi eS of the same date said M was considered; the Congress had - failed, and that Kussla intn.Aoi' HfVi mnof A.nu la unu tuictMU iumii iwiK tfccr Vim ui;i. nnm xuai an opinion expressed by a Gorrnan and an-nress. that by ah Ancrlo-Rusian war, Austria would gain power, as Russia must pay a high prico for Austria's ricu at , irainy. lgnauen h is saia nas arrived Vlunnfl nnil nnmrnanri Tatrrti nt Inn a ot ; ; ;;.;" .onco., ; The Conquest of New Mexico and California M is the title of a new book Just published. The author, P. St. Geo.' Cook, of ; 1 Vi . T 1 NOTES AND NEWS. L A bill giving wpmen suitably qualified, permission to practice before, the United-Stat- es Supreme Court, was passed in. tho House of Representatives, February 31, by , . P ; u a vote of 169 to 87. Ex. 7 x There will be a Quarterly Conference of the Association for the Advancement of : Women, held in Washington D. C. Wednes day April 10. t At this Conference it will be ' decided where the: Sixth Congress of wo- 'men will be held. 77T71 ". :; ". . ' UlilUU OUlllilgU, every State Lecrislature may see howsurelv ine peopio are oecoming reauy io accept this measure of justice. The ' States max. lea a tne way. me people oi Massacnuseits bb-are ready ; Will the legislature --lieve itvand acfe accordingly. Ex.- - j the news iromis . 1 LtJ DALT02T. OUR FUTURE LIVES. YT to-da- y. , ,""!' UD YUlq III liXWM, Ui - ? v$ It has l)een truly said; many times fedu-rat- e the mother, and you will elevate the children." Then let us educate ourselves for a useful life, be humble, prayerful and God will aid us. Miss May B. Euno. v V"l Sixteenth Amendment in Congress. The vote in the House Committee on the Judiciary, upon the Sixteenth Amendment ; granting Suffrage to women, stood five tor . five against the proposition It is alleged" that three of tho opponents approve of in- - : n While He rewards His own with wondrous powers, With anS'iires dWnep": We may have naught; our very lives bo theirs, " And even you they'd tell me, are not mine. -- v- " -- Ju3t think of the. importance of the training of these little ones. How many of us How many take this of us ask ourselves, what would I do if 'I had a child, toward instilling in Its young mind the truth and wisdom it needs. Some will say ah, well, there is tirqe enough after wo are married t begin tostudy on these things. Now. young girls, it is not going to do -- us any harm- - to think-upothis a little, and improve ourselves that we may not have to account5 for a useless life. Think how sweet and "innocent the Infants are when they are given to their mothers, little angels as it were, and how careful par- ents should bo to have them grow up just as sweet, pure anil innocent as it is possible While with the rarest viands some are fed. Our brother creatures in their haughty strength And say the gentle Master them To bid us come no nearer to Ills " -- J we drain as nectar cup; For others only we are taught to live. Self-sacrifi- ce as they journey along over tho rugged paths ithat lead to rthe .lliver; and by early ac-- ; quiring a habit of industry and cheerfulness, and a determination to do whatever may bo theirs to do, believing thoy aro - frr ftnmn nthnr nurnnsn thnn .in hprn v nnrutw :" ; space.. . ; tal faculties we will bo able to become use- ful and intelligent mothers. ' We; will be Capable of training our children in that way Which will lead them to be men and women . of God, worthy of bearing the title of v'4' Saints. v . 11 true knowledge; learn the principles of the workj'and become gospel of tho Latter-da- y acquainted with every thing "that tends to enlighten our minds, or improve our men- And blind outreachings for the light above. We love and suffer, daily offer up Our hopes, our Jirea, our all that we'can give; Claim all the higher places ot "Woman's, words'7 In a gracefully writ- ten article enti tied ; 0 ur3elve3 j says ; blessings of the priesthood of God.;; But, if on the "other hand, wo will spend a pbrtion of our time in read in g good books, i n storm ing our mind3 with the precious grains of -- What magic came with you to heal the smart And kindle joy Instead within my breast? Brought low with woman's weakness, here I lie beJneiSGieiikmothcr the means of bringing noble "spirits into the world; not worthy of the "position God No. 20. ' ; . What are our futurelives to be? Dwell long upon this subject, and ponder it well in your minds my young sisters. Are we to bo useless, indolent women, mothers of ignorant, rude; uncouth children? Or will we be useful, intelligent, wod men, mothers of good, - bright, noble boys and girls? Now, my dear sisters we can bo either, just which wo please; Just which jye qualify ourselves for; just which we are capable of becoming and prepare our--1 selves for. If we will lead an Indolent life ' while weare girls; itVwe will spend our pre. cious time In reading trashy novels, things that wo must forget if we ever become worthy to fill high and : holy positions; If we will not read pur Church books and in. form bur mfnds.obtalning useful knowledge,-W- e Will undoubtedly remain ignorant, and" 1 ' ' The arguments of tho delegates of the National Woman Suffrage' Association be- - ' fore the Committee on Privileges and Elec- tions of the United States Senate In behalf; of the Sixteenth Amendment in favor of Woman Suffrage, have been printed In full at expenseof-th- e government- - Also a by Mrs. Dahlgren against Woman - ' ; noble-minde- -- zi-m-- - pro-1-'te- st Suf-frag-e. Ex.; ; " Off ' 5: ' - , March 2d, the local government of the province of Quebec,' of which Mr. Bo- l bouchervillo was Premier, resigned. A new ministry is forming under the lead of r Mr. Joly. Tho occasion of this change Is said to bo tho refusal of the Lieutenant-Governto sanction either the now tax bill or the railway bill. There Is great excitement in the city respecting the politi cal crisis.. i or j. si : "tlin ttv S A: TT. f : : - nnrtnttlntMl to!Vi ihnrrnrrh.xr vV v i till MWMAU A - m , his subject haying had charge of the troops , who marched across the desert wilds to ob. tain possession of those two now important countries. ; The book contains a map'ojf lho(V routo from-SantFe to the ' Pacific Ocean'.' . 11 t. t Tl xi is grapmcany wruien '"in ine siyie oi a Jtiistoricai ana Personal Naratlve, pub- lusnea Dy I'utraan ana sons, Now York City, and contains over 300 pages. Wd" a . i 1 A a ? iuiuk. mis DooK.wiii': do oi Bpeciai interest to many In this Territory, 'as tho noted' Mormon: Battalion as it was termedjfigured" uuuspiuuousiy iu mai iaiiguing ana lerriDio march; ' The Book is well worth; reading, and gives much information of tho country ; and Its inhabitants, their manners. customs". stylo of warfare etc. Mr. Cook in the closo speaks of the gold discovery by two of the Mormon soldiers. For sale at Dwyers Book Store, Main Street, price $1,50. ' : 