Vol. 0. teenr hundred and7$eventy7andRH"cther now acts or parts of acts of said Territorial legis:,BY HANNAH T. KING. lishedor attempted to establish, any other, or. different qualification of electors in said Territory, or any part thereof, from those in this section above provided, are hereby disapproved, annulled and repealed." to provido for a secret The Bill goe.s-.oballot, etc. Mr. Christiancy and those who have labored indefatigably :to get up this extraordinary bill, should, know how the blood; of true patriotic, American women boils with indignation when reading this miserable attempt at a pretext to deprive them of what their forefather? fought and bled for:- - liberty. Not only do we feel that we are justly entitled to: the ballot by .birth. and American blood, but. by the hardships of a pioneer life shared with our hush ere are in bands, brothers and fathers, Utah New England women, daugh ters of the old Puritans who will not easily be si lenced,and afterforsaking home andXriends, enduring trials worse than death, they will defend the rights so dearly earned, with the true patriotism of old H6. We Would like to see this Mr. Christiancy and his col. leagues who know so well how to dispense Justice, and how to dispose of the vexed question "what to do with the Mormons." The enemies of the Mormons should not be slow in according to this most honorable (?) gentleman a vote of thanks for so ably Tbo year is passing, do I weep ToseeitBinklntolie.pasv? ., No, no, I have hot one regret Of all its days," this fa the last, Had it no charms? a very few,' And yet 'mid all: I hare been blest, But what a struggle life baa been, . gala one Oasis of rest, ; , ( One spot 'wheretfn to cast. my Soul, And say tb all, now peace, be still, Let;me In joy and sunshine bask, For one brief moment take my fill j Yet life! I loyp thee! life alone. Is God's own spirit unto all, L And tU so rich, so full,' so good, We need the wormwood and the gall To keep us in the narrow way, . , " though the thorns Wend With the" rcse, 'And wheat and chaff together blend , " And shade and sunshine strew oar path, ' In all a blessing God doth send. , ; i And every day the eternal pile i But numbers wealth, our own to call, In the grand Future of our lives When God with us lsAH in all. A nd : - ; . S.L.Citr, Dec.lSTT. . m . i The plodding, sterile road of life, To hold the lamp abote our head : ; . strife. Jo av us from much woe and ou . Then pass old bow I you year, ' ; ' With all respect, and gratefullove For well I know Time Is a boon : A censer swayed from hands above! BY BLANCHE BEECH WOOD. ill-cla- -- i : beware,-for.those- for virtue, no integrity of character. regard A ...--- , r. r nas oeen jl r.t. a ionui ino laie m many, luauy it in the path mother has seen her daughter a .1 . r i i i j ' uuvu vi ruin, miiu" iiur icats auu incauiugo been of no avail. The daughters would not heed jor.iseel- the- - consequences; they., .would persist in their disobedience and "marry for love," but in most instances, the first thing they know the'huaband must go away,: "to look after, business," ofcourse; but the - sequel generally, is, they are. forsaken and! left to abide tbo consequences of desertion the best; they can iThis Asi only the mest general denoument - In hiindreds of, instances the tenderest feelings: of ;wifo and mother, are cruelly betrayed. .; a t fti legislature oKfiaid, entitled "An act conferring upon Territory o wpirlen I elective j ti franchise; approved. February twelfth, eigh- 5 1 . 1 : - d . these OTganlzatlopi u will' ' take I -- -- : -- :. ' We, TO ng ' - . THE YOUNG SISTERS. 1 e sisters, should be aUve to our i Associa- tion. Ourvbeloved PresidentvYoung, in .his wisdom i caused to tye organized i these .Associations for our learning and e jmprove-zmentj,-and-id- so -- veo, tfDr.iaiser-ppVpdsei- that .we might awako ourselves: fronx;our slumbers, to know in whom we believo and in what we believe Heretofore wo I have, glided: quietly along, day ;day; and year ;: after, year; thinking and;: caring little about tho things of Godjbut now is the day that wo are commanded 1 to awake, . rand arisend iput on tho armor of Christ, And serve; God; with. all oar; hearts., vil think: and ponder in my ncart many times, of our 'onetbat -- . characters, nof bo influence'd by them in any way,f but maintSln our own digni ty and remain iruo uuu bieuuiusi iu mo yiiuvipivs ot : our holy ;religidn.Ve are their ' supe- our riorsand notTihferidrs. lLefc us honor ' iVlnprpririciple; ,vwe ; profess f o bef the choice onspring or uodj'ana nave liis lloly "Priesthood in purmidsti Itfieh let us stand up andxlefehtt the rlghtyandrlever bo led f ; astray frmthdt hibji wf believe but bo are among the fa- .proud .to thfokHhat-wrored ; few that uweli upon the earth; and .never,' never dare toloweridursel ves to be 4 well t; jnrkness and led by cthose: that ! Ikriow tibt Godi T'inbst eutuestl y hope that Inoneof uswlll'everbe "guntyTofmarrying an unbeliever, or jbi being icaijied;but of "the "order of theBtoly: 'Priesthobd, that wo : For the ExpojiEst. duties' as a Mutual: improvement different ; T er clauses :therm i3ApnQ7 relating; to i the "elective franchiseV .conferred upon wpmen in mis. Territery which rwe i will republish, as ifc relates, specially tp the., subject for which the women of eur dear Republic are now laboring earnestly and , bravely. : Here It is. uAnd that tho act of ithe.Tprritbri. : ... . 1 , hard-earne- ' . ! office-setik- -- ; . .expressing their, sentiments, and aiding Congress. to dispatch business of importance in a wholesale manner, j Does the right honorable (?) Mr. Christiancy think that Mormon women will sit tamely down and be i dispossessed of their just rights? Rights earned,if not inherited, by peril, by toil, and by sacrifice offered up with bleeding hearts: murdered prophets, starved and children, ' plundered homes, untimely deaths 6t fatUeM,mothers, brothers sisters, babes and fiiends and for all these ten thousand wrongs recorded In the annals on high, there is no redress for Mormon women ; and a even this j is not enough,. inenl must concoct bills to push . them fovtJhoUast extreme- .- GF tthe tissue of such brave (?) legislatjonnthe future tshall speak in tho voice of "fifty thouand daugh- tdbilL.. tera.6f.ZiorU S. L. City, Dec; 29, 1877.: THE CHRISTIAKCY BILL. This wonderful bill! purports to disfranchise the women of Utah, and also1 to deprive this people of rights and priviliges, not only accorded them as citizens of a free Republic, but that they t have fairly earned as pioneers of a new country. Settling a desert land and btfildirig". up? towns and citlea, enduring all the toil and: fatigue incident to a frontier life is deserving dis: franchisement according to the equitable judgment of'aome wse men .Who talk about honor and honesty and sit in; high places to T 177 C make laws for the nation. But for. the bone and'striew of the men and women of this icommunity, and some whose graves are .now fresriand green, in our; memories, this qeautiful;vajley and fhis broad expanse pfiTerritc-ry-j wjthjts prosperous: towus and :vilages,f jwould ; peyer have been;wrested from pterijity, and , the sayage hordes whlch infested it , v t 4 v Haying made -- homes in the wilderness for thousands pf indubious Uoyal citizen?, lorsooth, some lazy, trifling would defraud , an(!honest peopleof their d homes and .the freedom which to true heartetl men. and women, is dearer t han lifeiAmong-ot- h er ir tislically(? wriU ten , . . . the path of folly and nonsense for so long, but ;i: suppose it was necessary that we might know and realize tho difference between the two paths. Jt4s often said that as the heavens are higher than. ...... the eaith, so are uoa's ways nigner man out, ways, then I, for one, thinkit is;hlgh time. we were beginning to learn, the ways of the Lord, ; for if :wo ever expect; toy associate with holy. uTigeis and dwell in the presence of Gad, we.!havo got to undergo a, great :pecoino uimugt; in, iui ;our ways, ivtjsujyei. polite and refined in our manners,- puTiVery thoughts .Jiuust . undergo a great change; yes, our.' thoughts and words must become pure and chaste. Let us young eisters go hand in .'hand in the puth that has; been marked out for Jus; let us not be behind in any gpQdjthlng, but show; by our examples that they are worthy of imitatipn. Let us be on our guard,, andwatch that: we are. not led astra.v : Ave may think that we aro stroncr. ;. not pf ;us8ayr but let us "The wa1: to overthrow? Morraonis.m : l& to bring hero their smopthtpngued, polished, fascinating men of the world, to influence and lead away the daughters of Zion;" .how many of the:x!aughters. ofi Zion have been. lature, so far as the same, may have estab- - it is mat we nave been left to go in 0 l dwell in .the celestial1 kingdom pf "our; God. 'May we live "obedient to" the Jcomraaridments pf Gpd, that; wo may ' blessing, 'and Pur posterity after s. May wo be a b'old nnd valiantband in "the truth, and do' the will f of ourFather in ' E. S. ; : Heaven.' J 1 ro-'c6ivb;- Ilis 1 -- - r 