I ! " WOMANS EXPONENT; tors Hoar, Mitchell and Cameron when they ADDRESS -- OF THE N. W. 3. A. TO TIIE Fill ENDS OF EQUAL SUFFRAGE FOR WOMAN. In pursuance of instructions of the an- nual meeting held In Rochester, N. Y., Julya8,l878theExec the followingto satement of you present work dorio and to.be done during the 45th Congress.;.,; ..... - ' 13 - WORK JDONE. Since the assembling of the first regular session, Dec. 3d, 1877, forty thousand men and women have petitioned Congress for a 16th amendment prohibiting States from disfranchising United States citizens on account of sex. The signatures were obtained by 1,020 women in 425 towns, 125 Congressional districts," 35 States and five Territories, and duly presented to Congress by 5.5 Senators and 100 Representatives. Jan. 10th, 1878, Senator Sargent, of California, introduced a joint resolution proposing a 16th amendment for the enfranchise ment of woman. the Senate Committee reported .adversely;, their, report is now on the talehdar, 'subject to action at the next session of Congress. The Senators endorsing, it are Wadleigb, N..H,; McMillan, S. C.; Minn.; JSasfciiry,;, Hill, Ga., and Ingalls, Kansas. Those in favor of the 16th Amendment, Senators Hoar, Mass., Mitchell, Oregon and Cameron, Wis,, are expected to bring In a favorable minority report at the opening of the JanV 11th and 12th second session. December next. 5th, the House Judiciary Committee voted upon a resolution recommending our proposed 16th amendment, which resulted in a tie; Yeas, Lapham,( N. Y.; Lynde, Wis. ; Frye, Me. ; Butler,: Mass. ; Conger, Mich; Nays, Knott; 'Jfcy,; Hart-ridgFeb.4 e, Sten ger, Fenn. ; l McMahan, Ohio; Culberson, Texasl Absent, Harris of Virginia', who has declared himself open to conviction. ., During the last session of Congress the temperance women of the nation sent up a petition of 30,000, praying lor ."Home ProGa, ; : tection.' though-askin- to have their g opinions counted on the one question of licensing the liquor traffic, we may rightfully add them to our 40,000, thus making us a 70,000 prayer for thd national protection of women in their citizen's right to a voice in the government. The women to practice before tho Supreme Court unanimously reported by the Judiciary Committoe and passed in the House of Representatives by a vote of 169 to 87, stands upon the Senate bill-admittin- g calendarwlth adverse report of its Judiciary .CommitteeTto be acted upon at the V. JjzX. coming session." The individual petitions of 300 women of the1 Various Slates, asking .Congress to. remove- their political disabilities, received no attention were not even noticed by adverse reportsr-whil- ft similar petitions from nine disfranchised men were each promptly acteduponr4nd their political rights re- r I r V iWORK; 0 Let fi ' 1st. , TO BE DONE j .;''" send lGth all who failed to amendment1 petitions to Washington last wintevsign, circulate and mall them, prepaid Oettei: pbstageremember) to our Recording. Secretary,. Ellen H. Shelden, No. . 1011 M Street, N. W. Washington, D. a, .befdrehe. 25th. 'of December, 1878, that they may bo in the hands of Sena. on or present their minority report, which we hopo and expect will bo In the first week In December. Please note, friends, that we are not asking you to roll up a now peti- tion to a new Congress, but pimply to get all the new names you can to send to the 2d session ofjbe jame Congress to add to . iher40;000 presented lasfinten?--2dTo the 70,000 petitions foryomahs , right of representation now before the 45th Congress, we wish to add the weight of the opinions of the friends of woman suffrage in the Legislatures of the several States and Territories, i To necure such expresr slon, we ask the suffragists throughout the country to petition , their respective Legis- latures, asking them to pass resolutions Congress jo submit a 16th "u amendment proposition to the Staters. 3d. Wo ask the officers of the National .Woman Suffrago Association, representing different States, to call conventions at ,he trreir Capital city early in tho session of their Legislature, and make Special effort to secure actioi on the 16th amendment : resolution. 4th. We urge the . friends, everywhere, to call public meeting?, get the best local speakers, and at the close of each meeting take a standing vote on our 16th amendment question, duly count it and send two reports .thereof slgnedby the . President and Secretary of the meeting to our Secretary, Ellen H. Sheldon, No. 1011 M. Street, N. W. Washington, D. C., for the' presentation to Congress, and twp to the State Vice President of the N. W. S. A. for presentation to your Legislature. 5th. Let the Temperance organizations of the couutry secure a vote of their members upon our, question and send reports thereof duly. signed by their officers on lf of the number who desire, tho enfranchisement of women, 6th. Let every woman send to one of tho Senators or Representatives of her State an individual petition to Congress for the removal of her own poliiicaldisabilities. : 87 ; . - - ' Order to our Treasurer, Ellen C. Sargent, 1733 DeSales St, Washington, V, U. 10th. And last, To savo tho National Woman Suffrage Association tho labor and expense of printing and posting tho tens of thousands calls, appeals and petitions, which wo have heretofore incurred, (the past year, alone, atcost of $1,000) we urge all 5 at once, for the "National Citizen and Ballot Box, which will hereafter bo our medium of communication with friends and workers. r On behalf Executive Committee N. W. ' v S. A. rv: : Susan B. Anthony, Chairman. : Rochester, Sept. 2, 1878. . t ! .' : ' bo-ha- . . : Let women by; the hundreds land thousands each . address the Senators, and Representatives of her State, both inJCon-gres- s and Legislature asking them to vote for the 16th amendment resolution. Such direct personal appeals, by voice or letter 7 th. ? will have far more weight than the same words in the form of a petition, .and will to feel that we are compel our law-make- rs not discouraged by their Iridilorerence or' adverse reports, but instead, are stimulated to moro earnest and determined efforts to secure national protection In our citizen's K? F right to vote. , ,. . , y ; ,8th. Wo ask our friends to copy petitions in ink for themselves, In a .clear, legible hand, obtain ' signatures1 immediately and forwardpostage paid, to thetroDer Dlaco and person those for xJongress' to the of the NJ W, SA. Ellen H. Sheldon; No. 1011 MStreet,N.W., Washington, D. C, on or before Nov. 25, 1878; thoso for the Legislature: ,t6?ihQ.li!V3cerires;".ftCine N. JY.S, JU of your State, on or before Jan; v T -- . Sec-rota- ry 'SiV'1'"1 of 'our For thorwrioie thirty years,, woman suffrage work; tho, one" great hindrance has been lack of. money ; to meet the 9 th. . y;;n? ; necessary expenses, and: to day it is noex-.cepUWe need money to publlshMcts, out lecturers, hold conventtonsi.and ;send for other manifold purposes. Wothferefore urge our friends everywhere to send contributions by draft on New York or; by;:p. on. 5 . .a. y A': Tfii-'-i - PAPER. 1 . What shall we do with our daughters? Give them a good school education; teach them to cook healthy food. Teach them to. wash, to Iron, to mend stockings, to sow on buttons, to maks their own clothes, and a g shirt. Teach them to bake; to know that good cooking' saves medicine. Teach' thein that a dollar Is worth one hundred cents; that only those are saying who spend less thari they receive, and that whattends ;to impidveil?D ever more . is spnfT ' Telcb them that they are " muchTrf better dressed in strong cotton garments than in silk, if they are in debt. Teach them that one round, full face is worth more than fifty beautiful consumptive ones. H Teach them to wear strong shoes, Teach them to make good purchase, and see fo the reckoning of their accounts. .Teach them that they spoil God's image when they lace tightly. Teach them good common-sensand industry. confidence, to do Teach them garden work and enjoy nature. ..Teach them likn wise, It they have money enough, music, painting and all arts, remembering that these things arq second-- . ary; Teach them that walking. is much better-thariding, and that ,wid flowers j are very beautiful to thoso " who observe them. .jt Teach them to despise all, Vmake-- f belioye.8 and: that one should say yes or. no, when pne really means it. Teach them . that happiness'in marriage depends neither upon the station nor, the wealth ;oifrthe hus- band, bu,t urnjiii8'charjictevv-If you. ha ve taught ur all and mado them understand it fully, this, then let them when the time comes, marry in" perfect confidence; they' will be sure to" find their way without further assistances-Colora- do ' . ... , . Farmer. well-fittin- - e, self-relianc- e . . , n . , . . -r- -. . ; . ; x 8 1st, 1879. SENSIBLE TALK FROM A GERMAN . t J ;i Wouse tiiaic none.-- A bad husband is infinitely wbrio than none - Girls; never marry a fellow.who la ashampd to carry a bundlej- who; lies, in bed udtil breakfast and untUVhlsi father has opened his shop, or office, lind swept it bat; who frequents taverns bowling-saloons- , prizo flghU, otc ; who owes his tailor, shoemaker was bcrwo-ma- nj jeweler,' barber, printer and landlady, and-nevpays his debts; vho is always talking a,bout. his acquaintances and condemning f.th4m'f r whoso j tbnguo I: is always running about nonsense; who thinks he is the greatest man in the neighborhood, and ye$ rphoM eyery one despises and shuu3. ..We say never marry., a fellow with 'all . or ;.ahyof;theso 'qualifications, no matter bow . handsome he . he Ipan is,.or how make himself on occasions.1agreeable He will mako a rdrf husband. Wayerly Magazine. - . er -- ; fi ,'J r j J - r , 