' THE WOMAN'S ;MPONENT - 1 ... ' Published A'eml-montWy- i . . :. . , one year., 13.00: one copy six months!' 1.00. Ten copies for the price of nine, Atfrertislng.!1 raka; .Each square, Un lines of nonpareil space, oqe time, $2.00. per month, $3.00. A liberal discount to .. rcgnlar advertisers. No. Room 1, ttp stair, Old ConeU -Exponent Office, tnlion Ball ding, East Templot Stieet. Bnainesa. hoars from 10 a.m. to 5 p.nv erery day except Sunday, 10 . . Address ' auoagtoeaaomronmcftuona f Vf Pablirfiei Womah'b Exppiixkt, Salt Lake OityUali TVrm ' , SALT LAKE CITY, DEC V, TUB .PATRIARCHAL ORDER QF MARRIAGE. I In this city at the present time, of a plurality of wives Its conditions and It the topic of 'thW hour. forms thV basis of party Ism and that, too, be- tweeri ' women. ; r It jcannoi' tor expected that any great innovation of established customs In any country,' however: liberal, can be made without Its conhictfng wi'tii the prijadices of individuals,' and especially, those who are secta- rian, sUrotypcd;. or conservative. The genius of idnrmonlsm Js progressive, it tends to a higher and more elevated phase of Jife; not accord- - 1 ing to the views of the world, through ;the,: resources of wealth, but by means of higher laws, given by revelation to a people humble, willing and obedient. God seldom revealed Himself in any age? to the proud and haughty. All the great and wise men favored of God were meek and humble; when they became lifted up the Lord chastised them; and there is abundant testimony in the Scriptures that through humility and obedience the greatthe-subje-ct con-seqtienc- ' It-eve- eif n t s est blessings from Odd are obtained. Many intelligent women as well as men, men even, have, embraced the doctrines of Mormonism; they comprehend its truths for themselves. Among Other principles, they have accepted the patriarchal order of marriage as a cart of their holy religion. They are as sincere and fervent lU their belief on this subject as 'any other, in fact it Is one of the vital principles of their faith. It is inter" woven intricately with their hearts and lives. yhat is there so strong as woman's love? And are Mormon women legs capable of loving than their Gentile sisters? Remember, good friends, who.so much desire to.do good to Mormon women, you are touching the most sensitive subject when you seek to disannul their marriage covenants, and bring discord and confusion Into homes where now exist peace and harmony and love. Far" better had you set yourselves to effect some measures whereby single ladies of mature age might secure homes, and become the mothers of children. Mormon women have not entered into these solemn and sacred understanding for themselves. They have searched the Scriptures they have sought God In prayer and fasting, and thousands of them can testify of grat spiritual 'manifestation, giving them positive knowledge of God's approval of this holy ordr or matrimony. It Is folly to suprnsa that Intelligent women, possessing fine spiritual natures-wom- en who have forsaken homes and the society ofloved ones, enduring all sorts of hardship, toil and privation, and braving actual dangers for their religion, would enter lightly, without serious out-numberi- ng , cove-uanta.wlth- to-d- ay . ishness.. fa-1 women men and Great and good iiigb.iy vored of God were the founders on earth of the Patriarchal order of marriage, and therefore It cannot in itself be a crime, because. Qod has ' expressly declared Himself againVt adultery. . In the prose writings of John Milton (better known'as a poet), tenth chapter of "A .Treatise on Christian DoctrJne,v j we find sound and logical reasoning on ; this stibj ectj "In the. , definipn (of marriage) which I have given, I have not said, in compliance with the common ' opiniqn-o(one yMAN with one woman), lest I should, by implication, charge the holy patriarchs and. pillars or our faith f Abraham and the others, who had more than one; wife at the same time, with habitual fornication and adultery;, andJest Lsbould be forced to exclude from the sanctuary of God as spurious, the holy offspring which sprang from them, yea, the whole of, the sons of Israel, for who ID the sanctuary. itT.; self was made. For it is said (Deut. xxiii, 2) 'A bastard shall not enter into the congregation of Jehovah, eve n to his tenth generation.' Either, therefore, polygamy is a true marriage, or all children born In? that state are spurious; which would Include the whole race of Jacob, , the twelve holy tribes chosen by God. But as such an assertion would be absurd In the ex' treme, not to fay impious, and as it is the height of Injustice as well as an example of most dangerous tendency in religion to account as sin what is not such in reality, it appears to me, that, si far from the question respecting the lawfulness "of polygamy bei nig trivial, it is of the highest importance it should be decided." - .After much more arguing in favor of polygamy Milton says: "Lastly, I argue as follows from Ileb. xili, 4. "Polygamy is either marriage, or fornication, or a dultery .' The Apostle recognizes no fourth state. Reverence for, so many patriarchs who were polygamlsts will, I trust, deter any one from considering it as fornication or adultery; For whoremongers and adulterers God will judge;' whetoas the patriarchs were the objects of his especial favor, as He Himself testifies. If, then, polygamy be marriage properly bo called, it is also lawful and honorable. It appears to me- sufficiently established by the above arguments that polygamy is allowed by the law of God; lest, however, any doubt should remain, I will subjoin abundant examples of men whose holiness renders them fit examples for imitation, and who are among the lights of our faith." Milton then enumerates the polygamlsts who Were the recipients of special favor from God; among them Elkanab, the father of Samuel, who took with him his two wives every year to the sacrifices and annual worship. Milton adds,' "Who can believe, either that so many men of the highest character should, have sinned through Ignorance for so many ages, or that their hearts should have been so hardened, or that God should have tolerated such conduct in his people? Let, therefore, the rule received among theologians have the same weight here as In other cases. "'The practise of the Saints is the. best interpretation of the commandments." Plural marriage presents! itself now to the public in the form of a living problem, and It la one that puzzles and perplexes tbia. generation. Men have b?en cogitating and legislating 'to solve this vexed problem, and now behold women have the matter under se! , . . out Problem, and H'ls similar to a Mathematical Problem, for it neeay a ley kud ''(hat'keyl). longs tothe restTeacHer,' and He gtvei; it only to the humble and obedient, who tafce upon lhem8el yea hf3 name and enter into cove- -' nant.with Him. These are they who a re par takers of the promises gi ven through Abraham the father of the faithful. Mormonism Hves,Vo-daib tho tea,rts of its thousands of followers and' willf perpetuate "iti luititutlons s -- y th-oug- ., their posterity. . , . V. HOME AFFAIRS. ; f 1878. f? labJished 'rules and customs; of the country; especially at the sacrifice of all woman's self. gait Lake City, Utah. lo cindld' Ivptigatloq, into mar- i riageyrjauts, t6atrpli;otraix((i the es- f- ! .- ''IV reflection; . and - - , rious consideration. Wellgood friendsthere it something abstruse and deep in the Mormon . The mas3s meeting occupies so. large a portion of this issue, that we (eel it i scarcely necessary to say manuscript. sent us for this number is laid over. ., . We had the pleasure of freeing and hearing Mrs. the famous artiste and reader, which was indeed a rich intellectual treat. Entertainments of this kind are calculated to give a higher toce to the thirst for literary food in the form of recreation. We would be glad to see sdra'e of the home talent highly : developed in elocbtioa and public reading. Y. L. M. I. A., Attention. The Young Ladies' Mutual Improvement Associations of the Salt Lake. Stake of Z Ion are hereby requested to forward a condensed Tepart of their several 'Organizations;; dating from commencement, and including statistical and financial reports, names of officers, changes that have been made, number of members enrolled, average attendance, timer of holding meetings, etc. The reports should be sent in time to be read at the ladies' quarterly conference, to be held December 21, 1878. Address P. O. Box 1183, Salt take City. Bcott-Hiddon- s, A. FKEE2E, Superintendent. ' Mary E. R. SHipr, Secretary. . A mass meeting was held by the ladies of Granite Ward, on Thursday, November 21, 1878. Meeting was called to order by Mrs. Ruth A. Despain, and on motion of Miss Ella E. Des-pai- n, Mrs. Hannah Chlarsen was elected chairman of the meeting; Miss Ella E. was chosen secretary. The chairman, Mrs. Hannah Chlarsen, arose and stated that the object of the meeting was to protest against the crusade, and to fully endorse the resolutions passed by the ladies that assembled at the Theatre on Saturday, the 16th. A vote was taken that all who were in favor of endorsing the said resolutions would make it manifest, and It was carried unanimously, not one dissenting voice. Th?y also wish no sympathy and ask no favor of the crusaders. A vote of thanks was rendered to the chairman and secretary, and the meeting was adjourned. Woman's Territorial Annual Gbain Meeting. The annual meeting of the several committees engaged In storing grain for Zion washeld4in the Fourteenth Waid Assembly Rooms, November 23d, Mrs. E. B. Wells presiding. After Singing, prayer was VflTeied by Miss E. R. Snow. The first business of the was to choose a secretary; Mrs. Eliza meeting beth Howard was elected by unanimous vote of the assembly. The Secretary then read the report of November, 1877, and the minutes of the first annual meeting, which were accepted. She then read the report of the present year. Tbtal,14,535 bushels, 1,650 pounds of 3ur, oats 7 buvhels. This added to the report of last year and the amount handed in to the President since tbe meeting was held, make in all 25,000 busbela bf grain stored by women, much of It being the product of tho sifcterB' labors in IUlief Societies and Y, L. L I. Associations. Their Drs-pai- n anti-polyga- my anti-polygam- L" y 