,w'1,'v- - .n' i$w - 0 MA"NI S 7 E X BONE KT. TnE and-'-alsief- pldeipeople-aU- greatly Under thesepodiijfflT ease Msumeddfa every .family has been j&ljeilo of miemJraUv - ''".' 1 .. The Stake and General Con ferencea lately held in this city, were attended ly large and " Mrs. Wiqnell of Payson has succeeded in manufacturing some articles from native silk of an excellent quality. The 'cocoons were raised by her, the reellngVand manufacturing all completed at home, The articles .were shown us by Mrs. Zfna D.:, Young,' President of the Deseret .Association, and ., consisted; f.a veil, a pair pf ladles mitts,a. pair'of gloves, and two neckties of different shades and pattern. .The. veil was very,; elegant, flt t for Mrs WIgnell certainly deserves her industry ndr perseverance, and we hope and trust her excellent example r : uciJifct-- i may be followed by many. At the General Conference; which opened 'at 10 a. m., Saturday CthT, nearly all the" leading church au thori ties' were pfesen t. ' A great deal of good instruction was oflVred from the bretb- ren bii the stahd daring each of the" three ' days ' con f ereri eel - .sju - . , 'lk com-mendatip- nor '- L- ! ; : " - ; . ; , . " jul-.iiiC- . , ; , ; Wash-Itigtoui'CleVel- KoHon lL D.a lady and ofWiibf-'.caltly&tiot-i' and atiainmentSjjind of very high reputation as a physician f especially' to ladles and chiid-rThis iady has had an extensive experi-e- n Inthe pfofesslbn-wa- s three years In practice In the Hoppitals of St. Petersburg. Br Norton anticipates coming ; to Dtah to rtsldq ' durlng.tha present year.., 1 p. , ! Muiw ui missionaries, and of ;'.h?e:i Wtek pie for accepfinpe. ; Aftef ,to fh , : VhlclTlW 'Coafcii'' TnE most corrective "punishment is kind Vv. DOSS.' QuirEir n j KAPiOLANi?of ' Vi'-.-c- .fj the Sand wich lands, has sent a calabaaE of exquisite pol ' 1" lahed wood to Mr5. Hhyes; J 4 the death of our dearly beloved sister Lavina B.v Mitch eJ, who diedjn Kamas March 22nd,! 1878, of Inflama-tio- ri to record th' rou ghTmany of t be perse ciiiion s 1 6f he Saints.; She had embraced 'the Jprlnclpler of Celestial Marriage in .which ahejiveda true nibble life. Bearing children and teaching them the trae principles , ulthXrsheideariy loved and, cheerfully performed. One orphan child she tookt the age oiTthree months, and rrursedThlrnaa her own, the maternal loveas .scarcely sdlscernjble jfrpm that wb icb she fel t for, her p wn bfliprj ngf arici deepiy and truly Waaher 1 i ad bbrelvecbiidre fancy" Onej her eldest daughter had : died jwo months previous to her mother's decease. .Thla was a droadful blow; to the fond .motherj she had often expressed herself satisfied' with life but now she prayed for, Ufa arid, strength that she migh t help to care for t he fi ve ' ro ot herless children that herdaughter.had left. But God : had ordered otherwise and she has gone to meet the reward of, the noble deeds done In the body. . Her kind affectionate disposition made her beloved bir youngand old.. She ese -- attentive congregations. The Quarterly Conference for the; Salt Lake Stake of Zion was held, pursuant to appointment, on Friday, the 5th Inst. The reading, of Statistical and other Reports, and present log of the Stake authorities occupied; most of the time both forenoon and afternoon, We have on hand; for publication, Reports' from Wellsville, Herriman, Springy ille, Randolph, West 'Jordan, Heber, Elslncre, and oth-- ! era, also articles, essays, poetry, obituary notices, which are unavoidably laid over for want ... of space. trpmaii's G-Th- ' HOME AFFAIRS. and the public generally; that Mrs.' Ellis It Shipp of this city, who has been for some time a student at Medical College, Philadelphia, has returned home, having tar ken , the degree of physician and receivtd a diploma to practice in .the profession. Prf Bhlpp has made diseases of worn et and obstetrics a specialty, apd has taken great care to inform herself by practical work in the hospital belonging' to the College. This young M. D, is a woman of most pleasing appearahce, attractive manners and possesses a warm generous heart, which" will render her a most de" slrabla practitioner among the' tick; added to all her knowledge and estimable qualities of heart and mihdlBhe Is a wpmadf qualifications should be sufficient to obtain for her an extensive field of labor and usefulness here in Z!on. We have now several lady physicians of merit, ability and superior attainments, and we most earnestly reepm-men- d to our sisters the efficient help of these good, noUe women where medical aid is need ed. Tbe ofllce of Dr. E. R. Shipp will for the present be at her resIJenceJn the, 11th Ward of this ci'y. . :y- Elder O. F. Whitney, vbess letters an( other articles written duriFghismisaionV our readers will remember, returned home on the first, pf the present month, " Elder WJhitney left Salt Lake City Kov. 6th, 1876 In company with Elder A. M. Musser with whom he labored in Penri. five months, where they met with bitter opposition from people, pulpit and press: a few persons seemed inquiring and favorably inclined but they did not suceeed in making .any cpnyerts. Aprili J, 1877, Elder Whitney left Pennsylvania for Ohio, where many , of his father's .relatives reside, who treated him with the greatest courtesy and kindness. In. that State; he: baptized: sixteen' penons and converted several Ptber, who had not the: courage to embrace the Gospel In face of the ropposition and : hatred of' the World.1 During his, absence he visited Chicago, and other large cities.-The-1 Lord has" blessed his labors and he has return- -; ed home rejoicing in the spirit of truth and lights Among 'hisrconverts was Mrs. H.' C.1 , Sometimes people 'talk about the sacrifices they have made for the Gospel's sake. "But the Gospel contains sa &pch that is desirable, that to gain a kxioWledge "of it a testimony of its dtruth is worth; everything besides . ' . ; , '' - TCth, 1873. thechur wisd pm n c pessary for: temporal as! well as spir itual salvation.- - .... v4-l:uiii. i We are pleased to announce to our readers , It is our sad duty a of the iun'g&;e)da4' hee'n a meinbe.r pf PaP tfej? . ; r - Saint Tous it "appears that every Latter-dashould consider this matter of, so much importance, that daily jtlUons. , should be ofTei ed, that God will turn i away this, . terrible ecourgemllis; people, jindj give them the v . bjT di- y - : ' so manyjliistances gain-wea- ' d- - Kama s, March f ; 5 ' v - past, have been extremely severe; durtog the last few months-Ho- t only the liUleopiBsbu teV-d- ay :! OBITUARIES. - i i malefic diseases which have prevailed :so genefallymong the eijdrenfor chance to reach- - the - hearts of some of our to" whom' a 'few young brdthers hints on these subjeets"ay riotn.cdme amisSj we shall have accomplished our purpose. -- y""l To our young friendj LthenhildrendfjtL Saint parentageswe will offer an exhortation r That you try to realize th high pos ition to which yourrhirthr entitles .Tyou.H-'Yohave no need to seek, through 'any; talents or lth grapei wi t h if Iiich Qpd ha;r bles fcypu o or power or, populaHty in the eyes of the world. ,v Let your high ambition and noble aims be to sustain the position you already occupy , as members in the kingdom ;: pf God Gi ye cheerfuirthetlmeTandfrtalentSj with which He blesses you, to His service, and surely no good or desirable, thing will be withheld ;'; frpm,jourw-;t;ipt- rtv:M are and VVhije you yet young inexperienced, let the voice of your parents be the voice of God to you; follow its dictates: and you will -' not be led astray. zr:iyxvr,ir:T-. Let your religious duties be first with' you in all things. When yon Undertake to accomplish any good thlngihegin with: asking- - the blessinga of the Lord upon your efforts. And when you have succeeded,; before congratula tiDg yourself, thank Him for His divine assistance. - - .7 ti) Sister PeLiy i Mrs. LatjkA; C Pack. ;';pf Ahgell-wif- ;Tuman Q ngell; wid lady died Very 'iuddehly at Ve? regtdence In the 13tb Ward of tbla citypn the 1st of i April! The cause of death was suppiised to have, been disease, of . the :heart. t BiaterAngell .ws among the pioneer women of the' Latter-da- y Work, and laithfully bore her part In the, persecutions and hardships to whlch ihe Saints in the early days of the church; were subjected She was a friend to tbp poor , and always ready to.succor and com forti, the. distressed. ,Among friends and relatives left to mourn thjnany for I her, including children; and none, perhaps will feel her loss so keenly aa Miss Polly' Tollman; in orphaned granddaughter and namesake of the deceasedrvbb bad for years resfded with; and been ah almost constant companion to her. Our 'most sincere sympathies are with this jjfbung lady! Thp funeral services werVconducted at the 13th Ward Assembly Bdms on' Thursday,' the 4th inst,, and were largely atf ended.' Addresses were rnada' by1 Ollsri'dp Dolley, Elders John Wt F. kittle and Truman O.'Angell. : All Young; testified to the excellent character and fine per ebnat 'quaIItieStothe deceasejet .SIsWr'JugeH was 64 years. 0 months and id days! old when sue uieu 1,7 fU of "tKtvr ft? - : grand-chllJ-re- n,- - 1 1 T v A r,iTKkARYf society at (Bplaware, O.. has a letter written by Horace Greeley, ln.1849,-Iwhich ho thus refers to his cdacatlonal attainments.' "I-- ' know a little; newspaper Latin atid French; and mlgh'fhave'mastered' rt";little Oreek iherBamo way; barbarians had 'known enough to use' an aiphalet; Of mathdmatica I learned whatsis contaihed' in' Adam'a aHtbmetc; 6f fjrammarJust enough to1 see clearly that LIndley; Murray know very little and d ;to chirograpby; ;6hockingly.v mlno speaks for itielf, not clearly as to mat ter, out quite distinctly enough as (6 rnan- - n e if-th- intel-llgib- lo blun-dere- fit, 