provided for her, babe. ; Orphan children would not roam tho .street, fatherless and motherless, but find new fathers andmpth-er- s to care for them We have enough and - to spare. InUWerrUofV there isno need of such institutions, but thbTworld iarvhtto for the harvest. ,".- - IFor the Exponxst. THE HAND THAT ROCKS THE CRADLE. ) If the hand "that rocks the cradle Is the hand that rocks the world; And, it banner; brifbt Is by that same hand unfurled; If the weal or woe ef nations, or-sabl- . , . Ship "of State Is guarded still, And we find in allllfe's stations Fruits of woman's mind and will. r ; : tho tongues of Europe She is a comfortand' a most able looking, lady of thirty-fivexperience agreeable talker. In her varied ' she has seen a good deal of the' nips 'and downs of life, hut has now settled down,1 as' she says, "to making her three novels ; a; th Prli? ' nrtrrps TTpr hiiAhnnd ?er "and a pondent of a St. Petersburg paper, ; ; e, St. deorge, Aug. 1878? t' . of the Uni- Man v op the Eastern; papers recognize the .fitness of having, a: : . ; -- Some Russian; - ladies who ?wero studying at Berlin recently rtculveti a command to return" to St. Petersburg, and were then accused of being members of a secret, society. Eight of the number were exiled to Siberia and condemned to work in the mines, and two were imprisoned. It is said they belong to some of the best Bus sian families. Ex. Sixth Congress of Women, 1 878. A Sixth Congress of Women will be held at Providencej B. L, October 9th, 10th and 11th, in Low's Opera House. Executive session; at 10 a. m; Public sessions at 2 and 7 p. m. ; At Evening session an admittance fee of twentyfive cents will be charged. Entertainment during the sessions of the Congresis --wilHbe provided for. officers and speakers upon application to Miss Mary E. Eddy, Bradford Street Providence.--- 1 For the Exposkht. THOUGHTS. Sitting on the porch of a beautiful house, a little' adopted "child ran! .up; the steps to ask "ma" a question, He seemed perfectly happy, aha up'Iearniog; Jils "history) I here thought bowmucJv among the gaints1 ojtGod, than brought up iuTBabyloSTThe, hest1 his mother could dqfor him, without, ebming Into the church herself, was to give her boy away "to a Latter-day Saint I came home, and all day long the thought haunted me; Why etiuld not places be, established by our people in the, world tbecelye ion It nbtsave many 'innocent liyes; bo a lasting benefit to UhCchildfen, and ,bHng many into the Church that would' probably grow tip and never hear the sound of the ever- - ( ; ; ie , ' ' , - " i ) : Meeting of , the, Oregon ANNUAL bate Yoman touurage Assocuuiqn was nela in Astoria,' Aug 7, Mrs, Abagail Scott i Duniway, editor of the "New North West,' presiding. The main questions'un-de- r discussion were Suffrage, .Widows', Mrs. Rights, Ownership of .Children. .Uuni way , seems .to, haye. been 'qui to' satis- fled with the success of the meeting1. Trils- : ladv makfis a rail through Kfr 'rnTiimn fnr a special ineetlng of the O. 'K W S. .AJ, to be held at Salem, Oregon, BeptL'25th.; She? Invites the best speakers and; essayists of tho State to be present jand participate In; the deliberations. : The - ConyehUdn will occupy three days and evehingsi "iThe is called for the purpose of agitatV '. " ' - When with songs and praises blended, God will guide the "Harvest home." Salt Lake City, Sept, 18T8. Hope. The" i; v ; " - , '. for Yassar College. The Orange- - (N. J.) Journal recommends in. the highest terras Antoinette Brown Black well for that position. She -- is .a- - graduate of Oberlin in classics and theology. - ; -- ' , . . ; palnter.Ex. woman-presiden- t. . , -- con-venti- ing "woman's plrttrns oh f enmon f ; fnr" rinllripnf inn f Tin n t nra TVTra ! a. o 11 - r--i on n. n.. ' .1 v ... J turer and an Jndofatigahlo and earnest worker In. woman's advancement. 6he reV, cently delivered a memorial address to the , Constitutional; Convention of Washington Territory, in behalf ;of the sufirage" lor wb. man, appealing to the members , yentidn tq incoriwrate VWbra'st Sb in the State Cdnstltutlori hder which they seek admissidCinid; the:UNiON; . Thead-- : dress is welf strong ;arguments"ih ieiehtihg woman's claims, and appeals I in elbuehti language, which must have "made itself jep coming from the lips of anlirnelsfcswdmaDy in". be- wxu vi uer aisier. women. ' -- . Dogget; President. r:t MJiBYiF, Eastman, Secretary.!: Kate-N- T i Princess Bismark has preserved all the, simplicity of her youth. She Is a perfect specimen, in the beat sense of the word, of the German- Hausfrau (housewife) She is very quiet, bears her honors as the .most natural . thing in the world j holds iast by the bld;;friends of:humbIerij3ays,ndiha3: but one great object In ;life to make ; her ! : lastingXiospeh 8oew ? e " Wi3domVkhwledge,purtst, best; Sefk, in every nook and corner, Seeds whtse harvest will be blest. When thetoll and ca Is ended, And we never more may roam ; ". writes under tho nom'de plume of5 "Henri-QreviIle- One of her efforts has Just been crowned" by the. Academy tinoTono or mbrei ted Women's Societies of Germany will be held this year at Wiesbaden, commencing ' , .. on October 2d. L' .:. been established InHunich lectures-havfor the higher development of women; The by Dr. Francis oening address was given Von Holzendorff; it was very clear and plain, pointing out that urgent necessity requires a higher female education Ex-- - :TrUtbs fairfields areaUunbouodedt ,i Anitajfruita most rich and rare; Heighth and depth are ail unsounded, An4 the f'Pearl of Price" Is there. To.day reading about the ''Foundling HomVrin Chicago and the "Orphan Asy. IuUh-Londonthe same train of thought agatn presented Itself; Many parents are poor, and as society ex ists how. would certainly far! rather glvo their children away into comfortable homes, than (6 kill th ein to keep t b em from star v Ing to death, whichi.T have heard, has been done in Scotland. 1 do not believe a mother, would com mit the . terrible crime 'of In. fntIcide7unles38h'e was Insane, especially ! a goodj "comfortable home was : ;EmilvB: Spencer. .," The third general meeting, 1 : Madame EhLE purknd,whb: is riow ; one1 of the literary celebrities of France, . NOTES AND NEWS. What should be that tiand, oh mother, If such power is in its bold? Who Bbould nerre that band, ohbrotherf God's great purpose to unfold? -Hearts that jruard the babj sleeping, Faith and love the watchword theme, f 7 That the gem within tby keeping May retain Its form divine. And tbat tiny hands may ever Gather flowers most pure and fair; LI j tie feet may wander never, And be caught lnvil snare. rv That those hands may still reach higher. For those pearls jpf prfce tmtbld : : " That those feet may stlU draw nlgber " "To that city paved with gold. " That same hand that rocks the cradle, Must be strong and brave and true, &ndlbe ever wise and able, Life Vgreat aim to hold In view. i ' No;. 8. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, SEP. 15,; 1878. Vol. 7. : .hasbn4and4hiWreri-lwppy- for them in peaceful, ; mbtherly-wa- yt and her serenity and patience, which ,havo always secured iorBisrmrckZatqalel! home f have, certainly contributed i to, his success y She it is," he once said to a through Jife. friend, whQ has made . me what I am." , They have three children Marie, Herbert and William. Herbert is his father's prir " T t vate secretary; WUHam has studied for f the bar. 'Both will , enter Parliament this FLOWERS. Ministers are not like Plato and Aiisto- - the originators of their 6wn doctrines. lcaHuf r " ,uo; 'Mocirin.es. 01 outer' men, out simply the: dispensers, of' the truths which God has reVealed.Hodge. c j Morality without religion "only a kind of dead reckoning; an endeavor r to find our place on a cloudy sea by measuring the distance wer have fos run? tut without ' T ' ..1t J -- ; - -- v " - .4 i Tiie' pursuit of sbmelhingr fdFwhlcfi wo are not fitted is fruitl esa ) itt fails" to bring - either happiness or success. - If one has ui imcuio, buu or no win una rwvt most happiness and do the1 most real good by cultivatlngsuch faculties, or gifta-Emil.True politeness In every-da- y life is a charm that is always becoming. It smooths out many a wrinkle In . human life? it en- riches the .dwelling: of the peasant' and e. ; SlXeCtonfto'thQ " , 