WOM estate of matridid he know of .the holy ' thibiigh4 Versecution) to the world j but now we,.feel that we are called upon to do so in a manner different from that we have heretofore employed; and that, too, because we have beeri attached in a N$y; we never anticipated.. Vfo never thought that wo man could rise up against woman. Such a thought was far indeed from my mind, and I believe from the minds of the women of toUtah. Though I cherish no wards those who have so greatly interested themselves against .this principle of our faith, yet they oppose it and we mu3t meet it; and we intend to meet it with all the energy and fortitudo we ' passess, and it will be ''diamond cut diamond" rest assured; proposing, of course, all measures of peace and harmony, and adhering strictly tpjhe Constitution of our country; but let it be known that wo intond to defend our institutions, and represent our own cause, both at home and abroad, and let the world d know how much truth there is in those tales of wOe about the drown-trodde- n mony. ' , :, Peoa', Kamas MrsrE Thomas entertained tho meeting with one of her sweet songs, when the Ito wished ings. the ExPoNeVri POLITENESS TO ,WIVES. I have been led to reflect, by the many incidents that have come under my observation, that there is a wToful delinquency in s. Seeing how wise he was made her doubly watchful. She was ever mindful of St PuPs injunction, "Let the wife see that sho reverence her husband." She felt that his motive was to give no license to his kindred to reprove her. I remember a sea captain in the Society Islands; rough as that class of men generally are, there was one gentleman among them by the name otMcOlain. He married a Tan Jiativewemanrand iaprocess of time brought her on a voyage to San Francisco, to let her see a little of tho world. The ladies of that city told me of his extreme politeness to his tawny wife. He took, the utmost feel at ease among stran-ger- s pains to make her and white women, and really devoted more attention to her than ho would to ono who felt herself his equal. The ladies were ardent In his praise, saying, "How gentlemanly it was in the captain, that instead of leaving her on board the vessel, or at tho boarding house, and flirting with other women (as many, .of his class would have done), he paid her the polite attentions due to a polished white woman." And hec natural tendency to good sense taught her to honor her husband. And how could she do otherwise, when haying so noble an examtreated ple in one who, though her superior, her as an equal. And that was " right; she was his wife, a woman of Integrity, amiable and; confiding, though untutored in the arts of modern civilization, she had natural talents capable of a high development. It is written of General Washington that his most intimate friends never knew him to be remiss in heightened courtesy to his Joseph Smith was another example, as I learned from ono long an intimate friend of his family. Samuel R. Wells won respect and admiration in Salt Lake City by his thoughtful solicitude and true politeness to his wife. Alas! .How much of peace and happiness is forfeited by a careless inattention to the laws made to govern male and female In their matrimonial alliances. May God speed the day and help us to prepare for a higher civilization. L, B, P. Beaver, ct - care-wor- " ..' life-companio- . THE PHYSIOLOGIST AND PHYSICIAN FAMILY ? ORGAN OF THE NEW YORK PHYSIOLOGICAL SOCIETY. A MONTHLY 8IXTEEN PAGE QUARTO. THE ONLY HOME HEALTH ... DAY. : .. ' - :. . JOUIt-NA- L ' ;" Its mission is to popularizo the subject of physiology, and be a harbinger of healing for the household, a physician for the people. Us grand, single purpose is to eievateand bless human kind by promulgating truths which, lie at tho very foundation of the earthly well being of man, and which the whole world wGuld be benefited by knowing and practicing. Its department of Emergencies" make . it a cheap and ready work of reference in cases of sudden sickness'when a doctor may-no- t be within reach at the moment of need Special attention is given to antidotes and means tb be used in cases of poisoning, and every number contains explicit directions for the nursing and medical treatment of diseases to which every family is subject at some time. The Domestic department is crammed with invaluable hints for the household recipes ' for cooking, etc; etc. ThecQluraudevoted to the inquirer make it an unexampled cyclopaedia of practical and needed knowledge; white those devoted to popular Literature and general Relorm are unexcelled by any Journal of the day. Subscription Priced $1.50 per year. Single Copies 15 Cents "!! '3U;i .'i All the back nuoiers for sii months from the beginning of the; Yotiitip Fttt&Qente. Address all subscriptions and communica. n. f ' , - the common courtesies between husbands and wives. I have often said that polite- nessis as essential to happiness as religion. True religion polishes and refines the soul. If a man cannot afford to be as polite to his own wife, and treat her with as much as he does his neighbor's wife, he does not merit the appellation of husband. Language is too barren to express the indignation I feel when I hear a man speak in a disrespectful manner to ths mother of his children. The being who, by every species of tenderness, he won for his bride, to identify her existence with his, to risk the happiness- and peace of her whole lifo in his keeping; whom aboyo all women on the earth he should honor. To hear him speak in a coarse, harsh tone of voice, uttering unhallowed and ungodly words of reproach for a small offense, which the poor .woman had Inadvertently committed, without 'the least design af offending him, and this, perhaps Jn presence of their children, thus wounding her pride; for what woman does not feci dignified and elevated to have her children see that their father ionors her in her position, as the presiding genius of his household. When I witness the reverse of n wothis, and I see an amiable, man treated like a servant, and even with less respect, it reconciles me to the principle of plural marriage. I reason thus. r ''.Welk Cknow there arp good men, cultivated and refined; who koV enough to' treat their wives with kindness and politeness; let them have all the good" women, and let the tyrants go without any. I am happy in; remembering some: good men I have, known in this world. I once resided in a family for a year or more, the man constantly at Jjpme, and not a harsh, unkind' , word did I hear from the lips ot the husband towards the dear V.woman, ho had chosen in his youth for a companion during tbis'rfciturat lifei nothing beyond this life iV The weather was favorable, and the peo; ple everywhere were delighted to see the sisters, who came as missionaries to the Relief Societies and Young Ladies' Assdci-ation- : closing prayer was offered by Mr3. Eliza, beth Howard. and Almy where they er, ian de- Rock-por- t, organized a Y L. M. I. Association, thence to Evanston. On the 4th Sister Davis returned to Salt Lake City in the evening, while" Sister Snow remained to assist In organizing a Relief Society in that place, and returned home the following day, having attended in all. thirty meet, bo more guarded In future. Mormon Women. Thank God there are a few honorable people in the world, who are re-spe- 7 ferville, Echo, Coalvjlle, Wanship, ' her to bo honored by his relatives,' and was therefore thoughtful enough to guard himself against ever uttering a reproving word to her in their presence. If In her deportment she sometimes lell short of his bfgh est approval, he would appear not to notice it tilt they were alone, and then5 remind her In a gentle manner,' and request her to oft-tol- TFor ., : family of brothers and sisters. gs V . - Anotherinstance I will relator A young man married a wife and moved her, home to his father's house to live witn. a. largo ill-feelin- not afraid to publish for the outcast and spised women of Utah. ANS EXP.O.N'E'NT. . tions to ' , " x Sara R. Chase, Physiological Rooms, New York. REPORT OF A MISSIONARY TOUR. Mlj 102 Editor, Vest 38 Street, Sisters E. R. Snow, E. Howard and E. i. Davis left Salt Lake City on the morning of Now York has tWiee a9 manvr wnmnn tho 12th of October . last, and arrived' y printers as five years ago; In Malad Valleyi the evening. Portage, .Visited the Relief Societies in Malad City, pf 110470 students now. in the Ohio Samaria, St. Johns; j Cherry Creek j West Portage arid East 'Portage, where tlley ass.oma suffragistsL thToaghout f isted In reorganizing the Society. in Congressional On the 22nd; they returned to Ogden, where Sister Howard took., the train on the I'. iff 11 M r.i f JJ tab; Central for .home, and on!tho morning a ,Mmeii Lltvinow,; a Russian iady, has of the 23 rd , Sisters Bno w and Davis went acccivuaiine qegreo of, doctor of philosophy to Morgan City, Hnd:ohVthe 4th attended fromitha University of Rerne. .pho passed the first quarterly conferenco of the' Reliefs he c examination with such brifllanc, espec. Societies of. AlorganiCoiihty Stake. v iallyia mathemallffs. that 'ttinfurnirv nnn. In tliat cotfriry1 they visited Weber and.,. t JmouaJy, agree,d4 to attach the highest matk, Croydon, and 'in Summit County, Kenne,. uiumu iauue ' ia ner qipioma. ' r . in-Eas- ! t - ,V:f :$$ - orSmS ... . . 1 ; : -- 