WOMAN'S soclattons everywhere to secure libraries and to make these libraries the reposltories-o- f Church works, introducing a systematic programme for mental work which aims to popularize the the Bible; Book of Mormon, and phurch Historythese forming a solid, religious basis; Btntl7r6f afterwards introducing Histories, Books of Travel, Biography, and such a class of reading as teqiis to cultivate a taste for a high order of literature. Everywhere these young. brethren have been recti ved gladly, and the most hospitable welcome extended to them. Their aim has been to suggestlhe best methods for spiritual educational work, and awaken a growing interest on the subject of improvement in the beaite of the young people, by introducing and regular methods of disciplining tbe mind heart. Many of the meetings they held have no doubt beetrveryiiumerously attended, andwill eventsown been eeed has that much good rich fruit ually bear G haded School On Monday, Sept 2d, a thoroughly Graded School will be opened in the Social Hall, under the supervision of Miss Ida lone Cook, whope superior qualifications tis an efficient teacherare well known. Special attention is to be given to deportment, obedience and honesty as well as to stndy. The Grades are. Primary, $3 00; Intermediate, $4 00; Grammar, $5.00. The Grammar Grade will be in charge of Miss May M. Wells, who has had a good practical experience in teaching, and is thoroughly qualified in all the various branches taught in this department. Mies Anna Lynch, teacher, of the Intermediate tirade, has been very successful in eecuring good behavior and attention from her pupils heretofore, and is well qualified for the position. Miss Louie Snelgrove, in charge of the Primary Grade, stands among teachers in that line. Miss Mary E. Cook, the Principal and Founder of this schdol, has taken great pains to qualify her teachers, and has insisted upon thorough work. She is absent now, having gone recently to St. George, to aid in that vi cinity in establishing and getting into working-order a system of Graded Bchcol?. Miss Cook, having had much experience in teach ing and preparing others, is eminently well qualified for this department of educational work; and has already accomplished much towards farthering the interests of education in this Territory. Her unselfish devotion to the cause of education, and untiring perseverance under the most un propitious circumstances, deserve the highest encomium of praise from those who have received the benefits of her arduous labors. pre-emine- nt . NOTICE TO THE SISTERS. With a desire to disseminate and increase a true knowledge of the laws of life and health, I intend delivering a course of five lectures, comprising the different phases in woman's life from the cradle to the grave This is to be a popular course, adapted to the undeistanding of every mtiden, wife and mother, in a measure divested of technical terms and abstruse points, but calculated to prepare woman for the great and responsible duties of motherhood. Know thyself" is a maxim particularly suited to woman, and when she Is properly educated a certain portion of the medical tcience will be made an important part of that education. If a husband, or father, desires to confer a favor upon his wife, or daughter, that will of lasting benefit, let him give her the prove opportunity to become acquainted with the laws that govern her own organism, and it will indeed redound to her welfare as well as vital interest of future generations. In addition to the above, I will teach a class in Obstetric and Dirges of Women, with the to-t- he object of qualifying women for the important offices of nurse and accoucheur. Every Ward in our city, and especially should every town and village in tbe Territory, be provided with one or more ipersons thoroughly trained and educated for this avocation. Not many days sinceour Brother, Hon. G. Q. Cannon, remarked, "I have no doubt but many lives could bo saved, if this knowledge was "more oe widely spread." Our own experience will the truth of these words, for how frequently we hear of women's ljves being jeopardized and lost for want of a skill and knowledge in the proper season. Then, in the language of the great statesman, "We must eduen-for- cate! We must educate! 1" This undertaking is one long premeditated and advised, by those who have the best interests of the whole people at heart, and we hopo it will be endorsed and supported by our brethren and si9ters throughout the Territory. Any communications on the subject address to - E. R. Smpp, M. D. Salt Lake City. IN MEMORIAM. Editor Exponent. We, the young ladies of the 17th Ward Mutual Improvement Aeseciation, de&ire, through the columns of tha Exponent, to exprees our sympathy for the family and friends of our departed and much loved sister and fjiend, Miss Florence Emily Dunford. As a member of our Association, she was punctual and ever ready to perform the parts assigned her. As a Sabbath School attendant, she won the esteem of her teacher, Mrs. Julia by her attention Howe, and her w e manner. and lady-likWe know she has gone where sorrow and pain are no more. Her departure certainly teaches the uncertainty of life, even in youth, and it now remains for us to lead such pure lives that we may join our dear Flossie when our time shall come. Miss Belle Clayton, President, Miss Sedenia Pack, A ss't Secretary. class-mate- s, " - Died, in Fillmore City, Aug. 7, 1878, of Cholera Infantum, Charles Francis, ton of Charles It. and Rboda Alice McBride, aged 2 years, 3 months and 19 days. Little Francis, pure and loving:, Gently passed from earth away. ' ' Mary A. McBride. From "Deseret News." Died, In Coveville District, Cache Co,, at 8 p. m., Tuesday, Aug. 20th, from the effects of severe Injuries received, both internal and external, by the falling and rolling of a horse, William Frederick, son of Mark and the late Ellen Cornish Preece. Deceased was born at Franklin, Oneida Co., Idaho, November 19th, 1867. At Alpine City, Utah- Co,, Utah Territory, The funeral services were held j at Alpine on Sundayywhen very excellent remarks were made by Bishop. L. E. Harrington, of American Fork, Elders Vmr H. Kelseyof Springville, andrmr J. Strong, of Alpine. The singing of the combined choirs meeting-hous- e of American Fork and Alpine, was both beautiful and appropriate. The citizens en masse, and of Alpine, as well as manylfrom Salt the neighboring settlements, showed J their grert respect for the deceased and bereaved, by their presence and expressions xf sympathy. The services were concluded at the cemetery, by a dedicatory prayer by Father Zebtdee.Colt-ri- n of Spanish Fork. The sympathy for . Bro. McCullough and family in their bereavement is unanimous. i . , CORRESPONDENCE. : , i : Farahnqton, Davis Co., Aug. 6,h, 1S78. . Dear Sister Wells: According to your request that I should report as soon as we got started in this new move, which is called the Primary M. I. A., I now do so with pleasure. On Sunday, Aug. 11, 187S, Bibhop Hess and Counselors ordained and ret apart three persons to preside over tbe Association spoken of, your humble servant being one of the number, and Sitters Louisa Haightand Helen M. Miller, Counselors. .At the sogges- At.. l. !ti J xjcaijt ".' bycijt v o visiicu HUH ui il iuo Tjjioi'up house in the Ward, and registered the names of one hundred and fifteen boys and one hundred girls between the ages of six and fourteen years, excepting a few who would be six years old In a few months. I think this idea of "' ' -- people had heard nothing about it, and therefore would not have sent their children.1 The people generally have entered into the spirit of the move, and say, "any thing for the improvement of our children. On Sunday, Aug. 25th, we held our first meeting. It was not quite a success, on account of unforeseen hindrances and some of After making an attempt to class them for we think it best to commence at district number one, and place so many boys . upon a bench, calling them a class, taking the ; oldest one of the number and placing him at the head as monitor, in order tohave their help and give them a little responsibility; proceeding'ih the same manner with the girls, J we , explained improvement meant, after which we'afljourned , untiL fre on .Saturday; ptUi,wMcliiwjli the hour to be three o'clock "n. m.-- . anir) tv pect to hold meetings weekly. Am anxious to hear from other wards, as I have heard noihing as yet. .. Your sister and . AuEEiiiA S. Rogers. co-labor- A-DRE- i er, AM - on Saturday morning, August 24, 1878, principally of h$art disease, Matilda, wife of Bishop Thomas J. McCullough, cf Alpine, aged 37 years and 10 month's. Sister McCullough had been more or less afflicted for five or alx years past, a portion of that time suffering intensely, and for the. last three months her sufferings have increased until it has been almost surprising how a human being could bear it, although ev&ry attention and dire that could be has been u.ed by both family und friends for her re!iei. - maa evexiiaelsox. The night before Elder Thaine went to vUlt them she , dreamed she saw.twp lare: pillars, and between ; thgm a; very highrpUceYaod 'a man standing upon it with an opraiied; sword in one hand, and a great .multitude of people standing around looking and listening to him; and on each pillar was inscribed In large letters these words: Sacked to the Memoky of Joseph Smith. - r':'Mount Pleasant, Canada. , - 