! will add to the importance .of the narrative i3 the fact that nothing will be published t v what is fairly authenticated Your brother and fellow laborer in Zion's FeaUSe777.'j:::. -- Beaver, jgeater Co. ,JJay 0, 17$. IS-n- less experience. " We eliall publish foil details : nexjfOur visit-t-rode oHheeegsncur Payfion was pleasant. Thursday moa ning o na wbiehvyjaharm-in- g little retreat under the brow of the lofty ' "J ' mountains. ..To. tub women, of this: Territory, whoTare interested in storing grain,. and other products against a day of needw would suggest. the subject of raising white beans or this express purpose. They are easily raised and harvested, and require' less care in preservings than": ce 4 or anyr otherrkind of tproduct weevilsaToever found they contain morestrength and nutriment than; any other variety of vegetable food. iThey will keep perfectly good In a ' dry place for a great cumber of years. One of the best things people couM have on hand in case of a famice would be beans ss they would keep longer than any vegetable, or fruit. Belief Societies that have land at their disposal where it ia not convenient to raiAyheat, could make good life of it. by railing beans. Sisters use your influence with the brethren wbo are engaged in agricultural pursuits, to plant beans' in large or small quantities, according to "circumstances, that In" the there may be an' abundance to lay-u- pr s for future emergencies. Though a vast amount of grain may be stored yet vegetables are a uece?sily to health, and bean soup, and bean porridge; were considered healthful diet by the primitive New .EnglanderTjbre,. is no danger of having. too great a quantity or variety of food. Famines are already devastating the earth in different partsf and there is no defining thV boundaries of t hi s terrible scourge. On the coast of Labrador,' where they depend upon fisheries for support, there has been a failure in the supply recently, and the consequences are very serious: The British government have .ordered supplies to be forwarded to meet ;psefecnt heeds. The distress in India and in China has been great andac-cordinto the prophecies ancient and modern, there is not likely to be' any decrease; all bis is suggestive to Latter-da- y Saints of the practical duty of making wise and diligent prepar' ation for ibe time to come. over ioISprlng Lake : .' : al-mt- st mosg-beas1- 1" store-house- . , ? g . MORMON BATTALION. Deah Sisters: Out of about vwenty of your number who; were engaged in that arduous I have fourteen or fif. campaign of teeh names 1 bayo thought bet in the narrative l am wilting to ''let1 woman's --voice bo - 1846-184- 7. heard," and to insert the names of IhoteNvho accompanied the command. I tnhk it a simple act of justice on my part. ; If you v'ill at your earliest convenience, give me a b:ief narrative of your trials and privations as wejl as other interesting incidents of travel, I will give you all the space that' the nature of the work will allow. This applies to all who went with the army, and those who rem'&ined behind and were bereft, of husband ' or others on whom they depended for support or comfort. The Church Historian has very kindly allowed me to have copies from his office pi all that will be. needed for g3nerai-information- bMi-JesTpriTate- " i . s - many townaTin England' to consider tboques- t ion ereading t;! tlij boWititledrthe pro usuU ove hfH council, .'many Reverend?. prof esorV and f nojetaltepar 1nlthet 1 1 ' " prloeUngs. Al deputation o( jfidle? tfionT tho ITatlpnai'So: Vo -'forHWomajriVS wers to obj ections.. : At a numeronsly r attended meeting at Retford Apr. 10, a : good deal of .. intesa Miss 4rottjcr-sephr- n Smith,- concerning the Haun's .Mill Massacre could be true; it seems so bad that American citizens would be guilty of so horrible a deed. I will take the liberty of answering through the columns of the Exponent, all who may . be surprised at such a terrible tragedy being ; committed by a Christian community. It is all toa true, and they have only told a part. I wa only a little girl at' the time, but many ithirigs are plain to my moraory; my own fath- Charles :lerl LeviiM. Myricfc and' were among the slain; My little brother lived four weeks wanting two days" after he wa? shot. And after, we got Into a home, (for we were traveling every day for" two weeks) the mob numbering from twenty five to forty wOuld the house and come in and hunt for arms, tearing up the 'floor and searching in , yej piace thoy ed, making any wicked threats that seemed to enter their heads. They would wave "'their r -- great knives over Sifter Smith and my mother rick) and .iell,tki.toleavih? L -. State ihToufand twenty eight hours;!' and some boasted to mother that two days af- ter the bodies were put into the well they cut father's legs off and when, they cut them, off: he called for liquor. Father :never drank liquor in his Jife, bat they told nioter! thisjo; ! hu rt her worse i f theyt could? ?;Fa thej was a tall man and it so happened that he was put into the well head first leaving half of his legs, ' How long the well was left uncovered I don't know, we left the next night after the bodies were! thrown in; the mob soon returned, but the few brethren who were left alive, Bro. Joseph Young being among the number did all in their power to bury the dead, and com-- i fort the wounded. After the mob were done: with the butchery, they set to plundering and took nearly everything we' had. They took a of fatherl and cut it open andf pocket-boo- k took seven hundred dollars out of it and threw; the book away. I bavo the old- book now. Mother being of very .delicate, constitution, the trouble and exposure, brought on a linger-- , i ng d isease from which sho su flere dt for thi years. She died in 1S52, while crossing! : the :n'"i--r--i plaimv Lydia E. pecker of Manchester and Mrs. , - . . . : her 1 Oliver Scratcherd of Tweeds. tif The? Rev. 'H. J. oji... ju ujsiruiar&s as&eu huh ques tion "How. did the ladies proposes that if they received the rights of 'citizens they would perform the duties of citizenJ For 'lie iniag-- ' ined tliey would bo called Upon to defend their country. They would have to take their share In preserving Jhe public peace,!jand. If occasion should arisej cbastsgafnst Invaders. They asked for pblitfcal privileges but, as far as he was aWare did not propose to share political ddties. They heardHoo much of rights and 'too little of autlesi 2lo was not prepared to make a ' speech againit this demand on 'whicn,' Indeed, his opinion was un decided. He did' m os t (lis tinctly ask . ifWPyC-4tlf iq Tlpp.kir rne '.;for :. J;'lt : jr' iWt in tptjIv 4 n l h rmetti frn which she said the. gentjemana had bo calmly and moderately, and i in such a proper spirit addressed to them. iShe hoped the answer she wouw give wouia sawsry nis minai- ii asiiea whether women in asking for political tights, were prepared to undertake duties of citizens. She said certainly they weret prepared fully to accept whatever share of pol i tical or: public duty could rightly be demanded. - Therduties , : j s . - or-fo- rty ; . t extenlngh-Plianwn- people men of .Mormondom many persons have: Tasked me if it was , possible that the story of my-brot- pf 1 tjimony.; persecution . T f. in-sigh- true they were in somerespects diverae.1 That was there were some things which men, could do.better than women j and some things which women could do better than men. If men properly performed their social and family duties, t. . - - r-te- en 1 ' ; - i : v . Spring CityT May Fanny. Koffokd. 19, 1S78.. ; ; ; ' , Died , : at North Ogdcn Yebcr Co., April y x. f ' Inonr l in quesUbns of SO, and dropsyj after an illness of five years, Anno An3tin,wife of Sara-- r uelJvnowlR Beceasedwas bornat Bough-ton- , Aluph, Kent, England, March ; 7th, 1S12, She wa baptized in the Church of Jsus Christ of. Latter day Saints, May 22d, 1802, by Elder George Nichols; f migratedto Utr h with her husband and funily, Nov. 1 Illi, lS73. . She was alovlngjvtfi, a kind and indulgent mother, and hi a'i her affliction .mm never heard to murmur or cajnx,'ain;3e i' d as she had lived a faithful In iter-daSv.f. 1878, .ofjchronic asthma- - ' political' power was given them: if women ful filled all that could , be expected of them in the family and the State, they were equally entitled to political power and consideration. As to juries' she was one of th?so who thpnght tne administration: roi justice!; wpuia be improved if women' had some recognized legal part in law courts, other than the right of ap-- , In the dock, or even in the pearingas prisoners I witness-boWomen prisoners and witnesses had to go through painful ordeals:-- ' They "were examined by men judes'Jmefa barristers, men lawyers; and when any thing particularly Horrible took' 'pace, ; wonieti 'witnesses were vivhected while ' they were ' deprived of iuv luyninuu uicciv wvmau JUUUUIU AS lO - true that women ha4 V- OBITUARY. . Several of the brethren have allowed me lho Pinaat of thelrrjournals, jilso individual have contributed items of public 'interest, and il have my own knowledgo of facts worthy of note, L ; ,f 'iju, I trust when I say that the work bids fair to be a valuable link in ihe great eliall of Ihe history of the Church of Jeaus Chrisfof Latterly Saints, I shall not be considered egotistical. Bach arc my'honest convictions. What : t" : , MISSlBEGKER AT RETFOKD. pt r i . . x-ce- f. - most terrible Interest peaceb been had try imperilled women had never been behind hand In taking their share. " Suppose they were exposed, to an invasion, is there a man. present-whthought a woman would IT fihrink from lior ; ilntv? .v J . yuviu v When the Crimean war took place did f not Miss Florence Nightingale (the remainder of the sentence was lost' amid enthusiastic uproar, Fome shouting Hurrah! at the top of their voices) There were more i.ways than one pf de- ; fending their country.'' i During : Miss Becker's speech she was Interrupted 'frequently by I applause and cheering. . , j o ' 4 w ? : ! J 