WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 101 1 .THE-WOMAFS'LEXPONE- Editor. .rabllshed Terms: One copy one year, 12.00; one copy tix months, 1.00. - Ten copies for the price of ntoe. - Adrertlslgg 4 as. ' TF M anaM arm a t"r tori Ylrt am am a nAnvwi time, 2.00; per month, 3.00. A literal dlsconnt to h- -; f irT ; regular adTcrUier Exponent Office, corner of Soath Temple, and First East sheets, opposite Eagle Gate. Bnilncss hours from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. everyday except Sunday. "I ' '" '7?rrr Address' all basin ess communications to i sir r: i attributes of humanity; and though ono may possess all knowledge the world can hestow, and however practical he or she may be, yet lacking the higher and holier attributes of character, such an one can never participate in that full and complete enjoyment which has its source and fountain within the human ? , Publisher Wokaji'b ExrosraT, Salt take City, Utah. hieart. SALT LAKE CITY, JAN. ,15, lished on all sorts of Improved plans and methods designed 'to1 produce the best results. ' Young ladies and gentlemen- graduate with a - plishmentsfand are launched inte society to fill tbehlzher olaces and' nnitf.fnn nmnnf t h i n i a a sn tninPAtr.m.nr in ill ii Till 14 1 1 certainly (upon 'the time when 'ordinarily peo- ple were only taught the simple rudiments of their own language, without any knowledge of the historv of countries or Ihplr o n err rh f irni 1 Tv?!evy5iMuvwi boundaries; but after all, is there not in many Instances a neglect of that cultivation of the heart which gives to its possessor a generosity and kindliness of feeling,' and draws but the Qodlike affections that make us feel for one another's woe, and overlook in each other defects of nature and of character. Are ineri and WftTYlftn Tint flnf In IkA inn tyi n n atimMUDAH .ttl one idea and lose sight of others of equal, or more importance? Some eminent persons dis- Vi ffnmilattosf fnf Imtn aL 1n t J i i i ..uumuvu iui jca,uiijg auu nuiuiy nave become to enraptured with the beauty of knowledge that they become totally oblivious to the duties and obligations of social life, Biogones, the great scholar of his day, the great philosopher, not only ignored all the laws of living properly, but despised theml Men called him a cynic, he was certainly an ex. lilO tremist hilt- tharo Uj aanr&1ln'j.n... MAUKCi Jl iL. -- 1 e, 1 ncsutvuijr ' i. or neglecting cxcjusito cultivation the superior attractions of the heart and the iuiuu.J I aiTenti o .. ""' v maa.v mo. BUU Ol ma cuinTaiioa me inMnmtco, tellect, which however noble it may be When properly balanced, will be of comparatively little value when weighed against the heart and affections which are the very highest source of happiness next to the comfoits of religion. It is true that in many Instances the mind is cultivated at the expense of the heart. The little, child Is sent away to school, to learn grammar,' arithmetic etc.; and too often it is the case that the fond, proud mother in encour m uu luat win qnaiiiy nlm y Jot position forgets to enjoin upon him the v -- . cul-tlvatt- on of the heart The mothers have this part of the education of the young mostly In their own hands; and ii Mipjr wuum ' iiave ineir sons grow up with that affection In their natures, which partakes of the elements of tendemets, and charity, of ll good-wiand towards peace all mankind, then must cultivate these sentiments in those they under their influence. The Savior in all His teachings and instructions sought to instil the T i c education. HOMEJ AFFAIRS. ,Y. M. M. I. A., has entered upon the third month,' and nursuant in tlmlr ... rio iui t j.uu JUipiuVC- ment It has now another editor, Austin C . . T T1.J llilt jlhuwu. iuia iiino voiume contains some good articles from the pea of; IU:memiets and indicates the progress which is steadily being made by those who are associated together In these organizations for improvement. ..Lit t Miss Maytte Van win Vnv work. Sho undersUuds making, several pat- vt mo cuiyrnaiace ana will teach six - - t.. r? ..i; .. .. . r.. -- of science which Jias f beenT many' years estnb- - Dr. John R. Park Is President, .and Professors Toronto and Kingsbury his assistants. All the higher JEnerlish branches are taiiwhtat. tlii i stitution, also Latin and Greek. Young wishing to become teachers should avail themselves of the opportunity of studying r Prof. Park, the Theory ,and Practice of Teaching, as his ideas and suggestions on the subject are the result of long" years cf exj as a nractical educator. i -- e pW-pi- un-de- eri-en- ee Ward, S. L. CitV Jan. 3rd, 1877. Editor Exponent: We forward for publication, the following report of a meeting held in the 11th Ward school house, of the Relief Society which 11th f- opened with the usual exercises of singing and prayer. The minutes of the previous meeting read and accepted. The yearly report read as follows: Bona Hons received $273,90, 261,42, Disburse-ment- s, Wheat on hand, tweu ty-- fl ve bushel?, Fiour,s2ven hundred lbs., Money ,$13, Mrs. M. McRae, President, r. M. JJidgood, Secretary, Minutes of this meeting Will appear . - in our next issue. We have received a copy of the book recently published in this city containing the names jof airpersons indebted to the Perpetual Em igration Fund from 1850, the time of its commencement,. up to the closeof emigration for 104 1. mere are over. iy,uuu names puDiiaiiea in the pamphlet of which we speak aud the indebtedness amounts to oyer a million of .dollars. The Latter-daSaints know upon what basis this P. E. Fund stands, and that every person who is brought here by that Fund is expected to pay as soon as they conveniently can, in order that others who are anxious to come may have the privilege cf being gathered out from Babylon. People arc too apt io :neg!ect their duties in these matters, nd to pist jone from time to time and finally forget their obligations. The publication of this book will be a gentle reminder to many, no doubt, who will now settle Immediately, or as soon as their circumstances will permit them to do so. y ' S.; L. City, Jan., 1S58. Editor Exponent: ;, Perhaps it is interesting for you to know how ' On Sunday a fire broke out In the story of the building occupied by Mr. Cameron, called the New York Stnr. on the wrst side of Main Street The roof and upper rooms or mat and the adj Dining store were badly burned. -- The Deseret University is at the present time In a prpsperpus condition. ;ThIs academy Is the charity of which Str Paul V nothing. There Is a loving, tender influence which i3 more understood than expressed, yet is percep tible in gentleness of manner, harmony of and soothing demeanor, voice, and a which seems inherent and natural in some persons, and Is most charming in a companion, or associate. It would be better conveyed to the mind of the reader by the word womanliness but Is sometimes imparted to sons as well ssdaugh-tere- , and although the word effemioa ncy In men is almost offensive yet gentleness and deference are highly com mfndable. These a can only exist in reality with true nobility of character, though they are sometimes feigned. Men In this age are too much afraid of being classed as womanly and assume an arrogance that ill becomes them, lest they should fail in dignity or. superiority. Many men seem to fear being demonstrative, and thus they stifle those finer feelings and affections that gi ve such a charm to home-lifto the daily intercourse of those who dwell un der one roof, who surround one fireside. What a peculiar fasclnatio a there is in the exchange or tender and gentl expression, when they flow from the heart; when one feels it is uot only the lips that speak but the heart that promptsV Solomon faid "with all thy gettine get understanding;" and when the time comes if it ever does, that men and women arrive at a better understanding of how to promote each other's happiness, how to d Well f napther In love, then peace will reign, where now dis cord and confusion predominate. When men and women have learned the art of cultivating ine airecuons, the divinest attributes, then will they have arrived at one method of a higher . ry I speaks the giving of alms? No! Does be not say "And though I bestow all my goods to feed the poor, and though I give my bcy lto b burned, and have not- - charily it p'roflteth me 1878; The cultivation of the human mintl to its fullest extent is ono of the subjects upon which very ;much is being said and written. Colleges 1 Streets TelsIIhysTquallff " ? in-dust- ? in. Bait Lake City, Utah. semi-monthl- y, patterns to pupils finding their own materials for $5,00. The nirn her of lessons will dcrenfi of the learn, upon the aptitude and lugeuulty ' er. This Is a very useful branch .of home and ladies desirous of making their own laces would do well to take advantage of this opportunity for; learning. Residence on 4th1 South Street between East and West Temp!e principle of love for the human family. The Gojden Itule is a good illustration of the necessary cultivation of love, "To dos unto others even as ye would they should do unto you. " If this injunction is carried out in the lives of individuals then is it not essential, to cultivate those peculiar gifts and graces which make men and women susceptible of all the finer NTv ' -!! the Young Ladies Retrenchment Association of the 17th Ward. Is progressing. AM be request of SupH. M. E. Kimball a Special Meet- ing convened at the: residence of Mrs. Julia Howe cn the evening of the 0th inst, where a few, moBtlyi officers. metSUterM:EKim JaU then stated the object of the meeting; a committee was then formed to present the thirty yards of carpet which they had made ioiQej&eneflfcf JtheTemp!e of thisjCity, anu ii present reit grateful for the privilege or con tributing that much for so rood a cause. Bis ter Kimball and Sister Howe made some congratulatory remarks unori wlmt r had accom plished, and gave soma wiss counsel for our future conduct, after which they hid adieu to the J uvenile Retrenchment Societyexpecting .. 