.WOMAN'S EXPONENT. IG3 -- MEMORY AND HOPE. thou and sit beside me here. Is there no scene or face, or tale, " Tour faithful pages can unveil; Wherein as in a mirror clear, I see my past sweet Memory?..-..- .. ComG taved Ini the Celestial Kingdom of our God? '"' Amen.' ' Sung, Doxology. Benediction by Elder A. M. Cannon. Elizaeetji IIowabd, our children. Sisters, be sure and let them THE LUTTRELIx BILLT uons io your uoa and to your re igion. I expect to have read, at the next Conference, Thi3,Bill.whIch tho women of Utah ia one of (heiinomalics of ; Wo fully bellevo there are fair minded men enough in onr Congress to dp- t rage. featthe passageo Ahraham ljinpnin nnrA snin tn hta arlvunra "I fear you do not fully comprehend tho ; -- Witbfrr thrwecieirt'tJoldeir-Oat- ' . Hast thou forgot that garden rare, . . The marble vases, latticed seat, mirror-pon-d, the fern leaves sweet;-T- he while spell,. twilight stars did shine O'er shades that wrapt its beauty rare? Hast thou forgot those pictured halls, . The rooms where musio trembled low; And noble men and women fair, t Their presence, beauty,' lending there, Mad life likb dreamlife, whilo came slow The steps of night withln those halls? Hasfc thou forgot how Ocean's hymn, Uprose while sounds of daylight died; Calling jo round the mother's chair, Where ye two sisters knelt la prayer? . Seeing Jast, her face thy couch beside, And last in dreaming ears, her hymn. 0 Memory! sweet Memoryl ; n How sad the vision thou Jbast stirred! " No more on earth, her face I see, , V Nor sister fair, who knelt with me, Where heaven was taugh t in every "word; Nay, read no moreys wee Oncei in the home by shadows thronged, ' Since our loved parents passed away; Wc, turning treasured pages tf er, j . Together tried to sing oncmoro :" The muslcof departed days; -- But faltering roie.es checked thcng, -nj- -Tha . tHetk; -- : hun-drc- o AUGUSTJOYCKCKOCrintON. .. - . - QUARTERLY CONFERENCE OF SALT LAKE CO. EELTEF SOCIETY. , Te First Quarterly Conference of the Relief Bait Lake 'County wa$r held In the cletyf Fourteenth Ward Asleihbly Rooms' on Fa! ' ' the 23d of March, 1&78. - ur-da- y, President John ' Cannon, President Mrs. Heme, her Counselors; Mrs. E. S, Taj lor and Mrs L M.. a ney wood, Miss E,,R. Snow, Mrs, Z. D. Younjr and the majority of the Boety of Halt Lake C;, occupyinV Rostand , Afcer the usual exercised and ogins prayer, the , Secretary re por s. Tnere ere thirty two eporls a s allslical; and financial giving and proceedings 'of thri Ranches Of the Relief RrtMof J i" C excepting East their labors and AhkfrkdnnnP??1 dale of their organhatfan to Marcl',, 1S78. The donations received have amounted present fow tbe Annual Conference i9PMo compiled aconv wm be. Sen t to .th . ""d Instruction of its reader. 'v 7 5 andplatfarm,. -l- ; iriSb - - thu!' " Esp, paW-trthhejliiD- . . S 01 th6 roporl8' vt,y mu y. t-an- Lou the liberties of the t dangorzofabridging This age is too far advanced in 1 people."; enlightenment to tolerate the wresting the :; few admittedrightsthat women aro just learning to appreciate and judiciously ex. ercise. The ballot is woman's as well as man's Ancestral bequest; her mind grasp3 the condition and wrestles with the falsely forged barriers raised by force of might, and held with apparently a Napoleonic grasp. Yet in'tho face of traditionary in. tolerancend opposihgSelf-will-, .woman's political fetters are loosening throughout all nations.- - --This is most perceptible in America, the native soil of freedom and equal rights. The wheels of progress may be, arcsuro to be clogged by dead-woo- d from 5 time to time, but Qur cause is just" and justice and right FlI! pevail.&3lt ... -- -- GOSSIP, tq-da- y; thou dear friend, sweet Memory, ; : What He withholds; Jet us resign. Come thou, dear HopeVfhce gentle spocch, T1" Father's love, and wisdom teacb, Illume with calm this heart of mine, To weep no more, with Memory. ... to-da- es ' 1878. r -- " - O! President John Taylor: "I appreciate the acts and operations of the sisters. Your feeling, epint and desire is to do righ and to be helps to y our husbands and to the Priesthood here on the earth At times it seems we are unable to do much, yet the Lord gives us power (o do that which He requires at our hands. It is required of tlie Elders to send the Gospel to the nation?", theii to gather the honest in heart to Zion, then' to1 organize and strengthen har Stake.". Moreover, the man is not without the woman, neither the woman without the man in the Lord, and while we are attending to outside affairs, earning a living and other duties, the women are attending to their duties, and the sisters are reallyTdoihg as much good in heirheress the men do in theiri. Affairs in Zton seem to be progressing; it is not now as it was sime years agb; Some-jtimwe nieeti w do Ju re t heio were not so many back in Nauvoo; sometimes wo me:t with rcrowds of Biihopi; some timo ago ther were bu t few Bish ops; n ow there aro about two d and fifty. These organizations alf tend to help-troll on the work of God upon the earth. Your services, sister, are just as necessary for the fjrtherance of tho work as those of the brethren. We aro all operati ng together for the interest of the Kingdom of God on the earth. You aro acting in the Hik business just ni faithfully as the men are in their fphero. One great principle that wo should study is" how to elevate ourselves; to be polite to each other in all our acts; to bo honest and true to one anotheriWitb the Almighty helping u?, we should take a course to elevate mankind. ,"k We should be courteous to each other and try to approximate to that state of perfection we irare all aiming for. It would not be amiss tbi set a good' example before our children, and the sisters to be good examples to their husbands; but let all that we do, be done with an eye si ogre to the glory of God :,CZ: ; ;"Wo need the mercy and the grace of God all the way through. If It was not for God's cmercy, Batata power is so great we couTd not accomplish mudb We cugh t to fristJIJnl o our! children the principles of the Gospel, and teach them t v live In obedienca to the principles of triithand righteousness. ' vr. MWe may call on some of the men to rn -missions; sistersdon't you try to hinder them, uuc ueip an you can; wo want to feel that we are r.boimd, together in; indi?SDhibIe ties that caauot.be broken.: Call oh the Lord and lie will hear your prayers; , and when we. get through we will meet tho hosts of the mighty and good that are gone before.' "Help the. poor.'and afflicted all you can; Piay fbr them. givethooi a litt! YToi,r n umn butter, sugar, meatj and Other necessary things tUttl wiu uo ror ineir good arid comfort. ."May; God 'bless you, your. President, and President, your children, your families, and : , City, . - UiieRelief Societies to the poor, to Temples, to the EmiglaltOTrFmid,- lo purcnasmg grain to buuaings, to gcnooiing children wbosa parents are not able to (lo so, &c. ;I pray that the blessing of the Lord may . lest upon your endeavors to do good." . , .With drooping, lilacs, clinging Tines; S. L . . j4bej amounkilojiatejl And o'er.tho white doves floated home? . : IleahsMjrMuta The gothic cottage, the oak trees With beards pf moss swung to the breeze; . . ---r- Hast thou forgot thine early home, that you may be TdentCannon with us, and ould like to hear . from tliem!'' President Cannon: ' Whilo hearing tho reports read from the dillerenfc; Societies,! felt very strongly the influence the Relief i cic ties ve mo JExercisiDir witn tne people. . 0 Memory, sweet Memorjl evervthinepgrtainmgJLQ-JPUi Homo Phased In ing the reports; it is agreat proof to meof tlo energy. and.pereveraBC9 of the members of have boon wanting toiwritoj for your paper a long time, but have never set my mind to it until now. I have chosen for my subject Gossip. What good does gossiping do those who practico it? No good whatever, but j nj u res hoth t ho character of. the ono who gossips, and the character of the persons of whom evil issnoken. For instance, wo hear some very bad re. port of ono of our iriends, and the first per-so- n wo see or meet, wo will tell them this story that we have heard, and they will at onco believe; every word of it, and perchance they will go and tell it to some of their friond3, and it will spread in this way until it gets circulated all over and round about, and perhaps theie is not a word of 'truth in it; and when that person hears of it to whom it pertains, they will feel very -- bad about it, and if they can flnd'ouTthe person who started such a report, it will cause a hatred between them which can never' afterwards bo overcome, and will be enemies instead of friends. Ifthey all tako that course it will cause a disunion in- i stead of a union. If wo all desire to be friends, sisters and brothers, we must com- ; mence at once and stop gossiping. : i - i a-pie- ce ? . k 4 -- ' 1 : r, ..i , Mm IIann a i r -- St. George, Feb. 28th, 1878. Nixon. ; - - : Hurry, and DisrATCir. No two differ more than hurry and dispatch; things Hurry is the mark ofa weak mindf dispatch of a i strong one. A yeak man in office, like a squirrel in a cage, is laboring eternally, but to no purpose, and is in constant motion without getting on a Like a turnstile, ho in in everybody's jot way, but stops Ho talks a great deal, but says verynobody. little. ..Ho looks into everything, but sees into nothing. , Ho has a hundred ifon3 in the lire, but very few of them arc hot, and with thoso few that are ho only burns his fingers. : 