W hen For theExPQKMT. I felt a strangre, ecstatic joy, that thrilled me through ' and through, I watched mySarlirif asibe grewfKo artUss, pure and mild, And sometimes sighed to th!nk that she could not remain a child: But now that fourteen sunny years have fled sinco she was born, a seems to mo as on that natal morn. as much babe She And tbus, I think, 'twill ever be-a- s on the seasons roll, The babe will still remain a babe, while tarries here my sou!; Yet, should she live, the time must come when she will ' urelyseei woman in her may be. iookiag-gTa's- s I know her mirror will -reveal The face of ono whose character is bright as polished - .. steel; She'll bo as full of love and faith and pure as she is uow, And virtue's self will sit enthroned upon my darling's brow. And when that time dots come, 'Tis true she'll Had life's pathway strewn with thorns a well as flowers, And she, when sorely pierced, may eigh for chi.Mhood's bappy hours; But whether she hi filled with joy, or 'ueath the chasf-.- .. nlng rod, the same diglike for wrong, the same sweet " Trust in cod. -..: BheMI have, - ... My darlinfl", oh my darling! As time speeds on bistwar, Vou'il find another love than mloeto comfort you pome day and thrilling- sentiment, which you will think A deep - vine- - A leve that may be mere intense, but hot more mine. di- - : true than Tia right that you should make new friends, as through the world you glide, I cannot hope to keep you, love, forever at my side; Tis right that you should. fortnyiew ties 'tis "nature's great behest; Nor would; 1 clip thy wings, sweet dove, to keep t bee in ray nest. But this I know-wbat- e'er your lot, wherever you may : Tou'l still pofs, in all its depth, a parent's holy love; Whether beneath the parent wing, or on life's troubled sea, God bless my bonnie, black-eye- d the may be. lh girl-wher- ever A. L. II. A LEAF FROM AN AUTOBIOGRAPHY. CONTINUED. We prospered in all our efforts to wealth, so much so, that among our friends it came to be remarked that nothing of my husband's ever got lost on the lake, and no product of his exportation was ever low in the market, always ready sales and fair prices. We had neither us ever made any profession but, contrary to my early education? naturally religious, and I expres ed to m husband a wish that we should unite on r selves with ono of the churches, af er ex amining into their principles and deddfe for ourselves. Accordingly. We unit accu-mulat- S - then faking many converts, and wh Principles seemed most In accordance whh the ..Scriptures. We continued In church, which. wa3 t0 us the nearest La, JZ? " I'lLULlit!! . amined the doctrine and was himself baptized within a few days. This was in Nov., 1830. Soon after this many false spirits began to manifest themselves, and many were deceived by these misrepresentations; the power Of these spirits was some persons under their influenceterrible; ined they could read the word of theimagLord out of their own hands in letters of it was a terrible time of temptation. gold; In December of the samo year, Joseph Smith, with his wife, Emma and a servant girl, came to JUrlland in a sleigh; they drove up in front of my husband's store: Joseph jumped out and went in; he reached hia hand.across t counter to and called him by name. My my husband, husband, not thinking it was anyone in whom i,n'',a interested, spoke, savins: r oy name as you have me." He an- swerea. i am Josenh Pmni,;,. have prayed me here, nt V what do' you waui oi iiior- - My nusband brought them directly to our own house; we were more man gmu 10 welcome them and share them all the comforts and blessings wewith enjoyed. I remarked to my husband that this was the fulfillment of the vision we had seen of a cloud as of elnrv mat l n rr urmr. our house. And during the time resided with us, and under our thev roof, Were many of the revelations given which are recorded in the Book of Doctrine and Covenants. -- ................ rove, o I I Just previous to the Gospel being preached in Kirtiand I had made all need- my parents in Connecticut; but after receiving the Gospel I abandoned the idea, determining to devote my life, my energies and all that I possessed, towards sustaining and building up the Kingdom of God upon the earth My whole heart was in the great work of the last dispensation, and I took no of my own Individ ual comfort thought and ease Joseph and Emma were verydcar to me,' and with my own hand I ministered to a lt 8 lJdviIeS and an honor to do'so! -- . mmi 11(1 es3vrl or remuneration Wh6 U fe?ha sort alays "ved with of supervision of every- helM great Cam,. it thing pertaining to my welfare and ness, and who had been a true and happifaithful friend to us, under all circumstances was laVtinit!" had taken; she looked upon other preachers, and did not Uko to"co all ua ranniJ imto.emhracethe truth. mado the dupes of priestcraft, which was her "version of all religious doctrine and opinions; and acting upon her own theory and responsibility, when my husband was absent with the Prophet Joseph upon business, and I was in delicate health, and to attend to any domestic duties, sho took the opportunity to rid herself and us of the family, considering it not only an incumbrance, but anentirely unnecessary inconvenience. I would have shared tho lapt moisel with either of them, and was grieved beyond comparison when I found what she had done; but she had a good motive in it, and really thought she was consulting the best interests of those who were far dearer to her than her own life; her devotion and her power of towards us individually were unlimited, uui uer eiiuris, iiko inose oi many other sincere and ardent friends, were of any kind, and more especially when I knew Bro. Morley had' received them into his house and had united himself to their faith, and that they were opposed to all priestcraft, I felt an earnest dosiro to hear their principles proclaimed, and to judge fpr myself; accordingly, I went immediately to hear, and as soon as I heard the Gospel " as the Elders preached it, I knew it to bo the voice of the Good Shepherd, and went home rejoicing, to tell my husband the news; he was convinced that I was entirely sincere, and wished to hear them, that he might also receive with me a full assurance; he asked me if I would wait for him to be. come convinced, that we might together enter the fold through the waters of baptism; but a strong "impression bore witness in my heart, that now was the accepted time, and the day of salvation." I had then a babe in arms and two older children living, and two I had laid away until the Resurrection. My convictions were so strong, that much as I desired my husband to participate in these blessings, I felt impressed that I must not wait, and I was baptized immediately. My husband, however, ex- Tis fourteen years ago today einee heaven sent to me baby-ffir- l, as gweet as enc could be; A winsome, black-eye- d in And whefi I took her my arms, her cherub face to view, A h earcTIthath ese preaching without money, A MOTHER'S TRIBUTE. . I un-abl- e; self-sacrifi- ce (To be continued.) VISIT TO BELIEF SOCIETIES. Miss Eliza It. Snow, Mrs. M. I. Home and Mrs. E. Davis returned Thursday evening from the- Northern and Eastern settlements, where- they havo been visiting tho sisters' organizations, holdingraeetings, etc. These sisters were received everywhere joyously, and cordially welcomed, every hospitality and courtesy extended them to facilitate the interests in which they woro laboring. The people trame out in crowds to greet them welcome, and to bid them farewell on leaving in the different towns. They wero hungry for tho spiritual instruction these sisters were able to impart to them. The sisters organized Young Ladies' Mutual Improvement Associations in three districts; assisted. lhe Bishop at in a Belief also assisted in organizing a Belief Society in Echo City. The: sisters in theirSociety meet, ings advised the Societies everywhere to maintain a spirit of unity, to co operate - together in homeindustriesTano! all gdod works; to become sellVsustalning as fast a possible; and those who wero aliens to become citizens, by taking out naturalization paper. Instructed them on tho subject of the franchise, the benefits resulting from it, aud urged them to avail themselves of the privilege allowed women in this Terri tory, in voting, and to seek to understand the subject of government. : These sisters have been absent nearly a month, except Mrs. Horne;: who joined them in Ogden at tho Belief Society Conference, and has been traveling with them two weeks. They have held twenty-nin- e meetings, sometimes three in one dav They visited Mendon, Hyrum, Wellsvilie Parad se, Brigham City, Ogden, Morgan! Bichville, Milton, LiUleton, Croyden. East and West '" Hen-nefervil- Porterville, North and S City' CoilIe, and 'Henne ilrvme0: A tour like this for a lady of Miss Snow's ago is rather wonderful, nnri K women In tha world who would think thev iraveiins-a- s she ""'guoui doesat her lime ot life The part vhaveall enJoyedexceUenthcaUhdUrintheirabsenw home, although' much from place to place had to of in lumber wagons. Wo expect a i r. -- 3 opuE are haunted byan ideal life, and lnUSe W0 have wUhin U5 to beginningit possibiUty uf it.PnmiD3,Broo le 