SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, HARCH 1, 1878.-- Vol.' 6. AN-OPENVISI- the 28th 'ult. state that the of peace MweehRttSSiarnand Turkey is on the point of being signed,; a It Js thought possible the Grand Duke Nicho- las will visit the Sultan at Constantinople. The 2C, Vienna Specialfsayss Austria wilL TELEGRAMS OP ON. 1st. : Because the fundamental principle -- ! rAmericanGovernment-a mankind are endowed by nature wi tnceKn tain inalienable "rights of life liberty, arid 1 the pursuit - of. happiness, and to secure I -- 4 these 4iigntS govemmenisikre instituted, toomeQfej-prGlIrat- o deriving their just powers from the consent oltTthi jverhed. H very onewill admi t rangements for. peace between the twen that a woman has the same right to , life, great hostile powers as it will infringe upon her grounds. .vf; liberty and the pursuit of happiness as a marij that to 'secure J these rights govern-ment TnE Princess Mercedes, King Alfonso's exists; that she. is governed;!. why; future wife, though bred in France, is a then should she be forbidden to consent or' Spaniard at heart, and insists on being call-- ; dissent like other citiisens f ;What: isj Suf-- 1 ed Spanish, yet there has hitherto been a fra go ? Th e authbri tati ye an strong prejudice against her marriage, her What is its cssenco?' Rational opinion. father,the Due do Montperisier, being wide;ex-- 2 choice. choice and-it- s Are rational ly unpopular because of the fatal duel with pression a masculine function? Are they his eousinDon -- Enrique 'jeourbon, andi 7 a: feminine functlontNof thearealiumanT his pronunciamento of Cadiz, "which began function, We askjthat ; womeriv may. vote, -the series of political .convulsions that has for the samn reason that they vote already ; hardly ceased to agitate Spaing as stockholders in a railroad company or in a 'manufacturing r ccrpbratlon.; Thejr are Miss Riioda Broughton,: the authoress, t lives the greater-parof the time in the equal stockhold ers, as. citizens in thb great beautiful vale of Clwyd, JValesi andhas political corporation called Government, BY HANNAH T. KING. ...' Angela still are on the artb, .havo ., , seejtbemt felt their breath, In the cbill ooiilnaebr In the atmosphere of death. Angels? yes, they hotered round not-subm- , . ? ' i When affliction laid ulelow, Placing me on holy ground, Leaving Heaven where they : : J . -- go." -- Angels! they have brought to mo .. All that I had strength to bear Through the gloom they made me see Visions, glorious, bright and fair. . . Angels! heaven is In the name On my track they Ve ever been , 1 ; -t : ;- . Faithful through life's changing scene. Angels! some stand by me now, Firm and faithful by my side, Last, but first of all below, Treasured with a holy pride. Last, but oh! my most approved f Brothers , sisters, helpmeets mine! Tryi'ig scenes thy love has proved And my heart Is ever thine! ; - .'. her power of describing it from constantly having before her the mountains and vales of that beautiful country. She is about thirty years of age, and is described as "spiritual in expression with a light, quick, impatient manner. Her : face is an intel- TJmei nor changecan ever burst, . Through Eternity domaUi! Brothers, sisteri, leave me not, i Let me never more know change Thou canst never be forgot Through Eternity's broad range. . The black veil was taken, Tuesday, Jan. six young women at the convent of the Sisters of Mercy in Hartford, Ct. 9, by 1 " House-committe- -- : for- - mally Installed in office. There are Various reports in circulation as to the future course of action in reference to the Italian Govern, ment. It is now believed h e wiir for the present remalri in seclusion In the Vatican! Isabella Beccher Hooker had a beforehearingthe on" and privileges elections, on the 22d ult. She said the corner-ston- e of the American Republic was God's own doctrine of per. onal liberty and personal responsibility. She defined Liberty as the steam,ee Respon- sibility as the brakeselection-da- y the- safety-valve. - She maintained among other tblnga the assertion that" Lucretia Mott' could long have settled peacefully som w the mostago - unpopular and knotty problems t)r th0 day without a standing army. : lf . : The new Pope, Leo XIII,: has been '':'-.r:.- bo-ha- the First Universalist parish at Tecumseh with thirty-tw- o members. the - "Surely - world:'! moves.1' Ex. e It is stated that the on Territorieslliave agreed to report unfavorably on the admission of Utah as a state. It is thought nothing will bo done to deprive women in this Territory of the the ballot;? ; ; V "( .,;V'.. - : -- , Caboline A Soule, in Nebiaska, - senate-committ- JrosHt, lectual one, with1 an appearance of active imagination.1 She has a good figure,1 of v.::-about the average height. Tub Woman Suffrage Heaiiing. On Tuesday, Jan, 29 the Committee on Wo-- 7 man Suffrage of the .Massachusetts Legislature, gave a. public hearing; .tG the petitioners, in the . Green Room of the State Tho attendance was House, in Boston. very large, and evidently in sympathy with the petitioners. The first speaker was Mr. Henry B. Blackwell, who said:- Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen: In of: the thousands of petitioners who are already before you, and of thousands more, who, day by day, are sending in siml. lar petitions, I desire to state, 1st, What we ask: 2d, Why .we ask: aud 3d, By whom the request is made. ., : 1. For, a change in the law .which regulates elections for town, city and county officers, removing the restriction of sex, so that, hereafter, women may be enabled to vote in such elections, on the same terms as ' men. 2. For a change in the law which regulates Presidential elections, removing the restriction of sex, so that hereafter women may be enabled to vote for electors of President and of the United . KOTES AND NEWS. Mns. equal expression, since theareiquinin-- ; terested in its safety arid But: the principles of our State Constitution affirm Woman's right to Suffrage. -- rrived: TAUpoweresides in the people and is de from are them., : ' : : Vice-Preside- States.-- nt ' - 3. For a Joint Resolve for a Constitution- al Amendment abolishing all political - dis- tinctions on account of sex; To make the first and second steps, no change in tho Constitution is needed, but only a majority of the Senate and House of n Representatives with the assent of the '' To change the Constitution requires tho action of two successive Legislatures, rati- fied afterguards by a " majority of the quail-fle- d : ; " voters. ' : So much for what we ask: now why do : :.;;" Woasklt?' Gov-erno- : ' . . . : ,' ' - ' Women people. l: 1 ; Thepeoplebaye ' When, oh! when shall my rapt soul Clasp your hands la realms divine? Bound by laws the Gods control, .". f Then each will whisper Mine and Thine! 8. L. City, Feb. C, 1878. .' J , -,- L:,;,.. on Sunday, Dec. 19, organized . donbtleerived-heilovejofscener- y Last, but truer than the first, Bound by links that form a chain - t ; If one Jeft, another came. Mns. 1 it : . government and to reform, alter ; or change the same."t They can do so only by voting. Again, we ask Suffrage for women, be- - ' cause they are different from men; here . are no two classes of human beings: in so" ciety so different from each other; as ; the larger dasses known as men and ytom en. Each class has special qualities more highly developed than the other. . I need hardly stop to enumerate them.; The qualities which specially characterize women are the very ones In which our government is, deficient Women excel men in gentleness, temperance, chastity, economy and respect for law. They are and always will be the ; wives and mothers of men. ,Woman ;Suf-- i frage therefore means the representation of ' the Home; the domestic, interests dlrecty ! expressed by; women, just as ;the : business interests are directly expressed by men. , Instead of an aristocracy of sex, which' is class legislation, . we want, human nature : manifested In a truly representative government of men and women. "Woman's ? : " v.? ' ' Most substantial and positive reasous were brought to bear in this meeting by Journal." i 1 ' ; . f both men and women.- Mrs.' Lucy Stone's speech .was pathetic in' parts, and rich with '' the pathos of womanly feeling.' 1 Miss' Ann C. Garlin's speech was short but contained some forcible. arguments strongly, present- eu. lur.; uamson a welt very much upon reform arid what urgent measures It require ed, etc Mrs. E. H. Webster, George T. Stevens and Miss torenza Haynes were the other speakers and received great applause from the audience, hey presented such claims and backed them with such conclusive evidences, illustrations and facts, that in reading them over one feels that they ' ought to convince the most bitter opponents r of Woman's Saffrago. w" , .:v f - ; . . ; " - IV' 