, , i , . .r-,- v': ' hi--- k - ' - . , - r nor ncne3 to men SONG OF . 4 - 01 AXN AP T. KINO. nisbt! calm night lethy BlIeBCO abound, when rast are the tolls of day, . . Come, nlgbtraraw thy c'urtaliw around, That the weary may rest away. The night! 0 how sweet la its calm, Its silence,' its dreamV.'and lts B)e,ep; Sweet nature's restorative balm : To those who've no vfgils to keep! ; wiauuui. The "weary and worn are at rest," With the curtain of night drawn around, And none to intrude or molest, They are hidden f rem sight or from sound. The mprniqg.ia sweet, .erysweet-r- : . But it often brings sorrow and care; But night dOf s the worn spirit greet, And lulls It from even despair. , way into dreamland s The absent are with us again; Even death is bereft of its woe, For it seems they have come to remain. yfcgj'ynP'- - - j 1 'K - sess, but; "feewtheW $q jpbssess "pri tem; pair , s . , , - . up-rw- - d, , 1 a-ru- sh7- ej J stars; well might the mAitn& poet saiiBy night an athist half, believes a God;"- - Then; the rgIbrious ; Sun) thp Oard of ) Creation r when lie" rise In hia'spleridor; arid embrac-- 1 g es the earth with his beams; she; to warmth of the his responds love,1 and : puts on her beautiful robe as though-fres- h from the hands of her Maker.; Yes' tho sun! Had I been born in heathen lands : , 5 Unknowing God and Hla commands, I surely should have bent tho knee In datk Idolatry to thee. ' ' ' ' ' ' : beautiful nature, dhild of God, we"; .love thee,-- , thou :art the "smdalphon" of our earthly orbit, filling-ousouls with happiness1 that no language can make palpable. Thanks te the little has "rushligh t" it ignited the "candle pf the Lord" which burns In every bosom though sometimes but dimly. Tho dark cloud Is lifted1 and 7 the sumnilts' of hope again appear; "there Is a silver lining to every cloud;" and we ought to bealchymist sufficient to know how to extract the sweet as well as the bitter, that tho medicine of life may also be its elixir. - ' S. L. City, May 18, 1878. : Nature!- . - ? struct our path;' though by; the bye this very health is imperative; in its demands and Is loud in her calls for the Lever movement. But of itself it enables ua to plant and sow, and reap every day yes every night, gather In' a harvest Vol" some good things worth preserving in our grand storehouse of heart and brain; enables us to make order prominent wherever we move;1 to prepare bread and air food so well, that even the sickly may be tempted to eatand the appe ti te is encouraged Cookin gfood deliciously should be placed with" the fine arts, for it is a talent that is not thrown broadcast over tho earth; it has to be acquired by long and close, study, and then It never becomes a science without a natural Itact arid talent, inthat branch. AVoman's life Is an unwritten philosophy, and this art is certainly among the unwritten. ,, , Health enables us to walk , y es, away witir tho carriages except for Invalids, or comesf ' NIgti tlight- , fng up our i world with1 all its glory,s ;the: lpyely inobn and the breathing) paipltdtirig : s - IIow often amid, the .trials of dpjjy' ife, he body becomes ,weaiy.andLwqrn, and the spirit in its strong! sympathy, . partakes of tho same, loses its buoyancy and ceases for a time to be a helpmeet unto, it; circumstan, ces often engender that, entire prostration we are poor, .that is in the current coin ofj the realm, and we are crippled, even in our best efforts. and affections; our. spirit com. plains, we think; God f has forgotten us, tho mind, grows gloomy-- ancj despondent, pur cannot make, an path seems hedged e bread know (We ff eaten opening. by labor is sweet, and7bnly that bread do .wo desire; but where is the fielij?where fhp vineyard? every place is full; ; is the'earth .becoming over populated? or does machinery swallow up the labor of the Saints?The earth is full :ot riches and many are rpvelipg In them David, even in hi3 day was puz'-zleand could not jolve.the, problem, and 8cripture. expressly t says ,fthe race is not to the swift, nor the battle x to the stron g. , away with such vitiated nonsense. A face I know well rises up before my mind, where the rose and the lily; united but the rose holds her "place -- with queenly supremacy.' I never look upon that face but its bloom seems to invigorate me, and I gather as much of it as I can with my eyes, and my gaze is not rudeness, but love. Yes, hpalth-ibeauty in man or woman, Jgood my LordjV'and this healthehajales us in a thou, sand ways to make our heaven; enables us to work-wo- rk till we clear away the bramand thorns and noxious weeds that obbles lady-lik- e; BY II ANN AH ; T. KINO. ; ';grahUeteroirie acquainted than in tHis ephemieral exist-- ; ence for Kow little we7 know pf 'th o; Inner lite pf each other in our prbsentL ussbciai T tiohs; eybh J the1' nearestll We7 have'1 little railroad time torelaboratej life is ' "coupled engines." Nature, beautiful nature Hs a n open book t ha t blesses us every day, and Is ever around us; I may have no garden, but my neighbor is lovely with beautiful flowers and shrubs and' ' ' as far a3 fruitj lt is as much rhine as !hlsf the eye can make it isb;r:I can -- gaze; upon "ltrIn perfect freedom and inhale its perfume v which is the voice bMheflowrs4o-us;dnot they awaken a language, n.oNvords can . teli thatlw&Vjire! hbW; ;acqualhf eil with ?; "Yeswe can vear fftlkr-t- o" IbeMaridthey r "respbndfby their jweetperfd us:witrf gratitude and devotion, - for they breathe1 of heaven ahd: heavenly ; beings1 All this 13 prepared for "us arid wb cari in- - life-givin- . PESULTORY TnOUpiITS. -- rushlight Indi can' make their own ex. this one possession; hb money, $an buyjt, ' hp position bequeath it; God and our pro- -' genitbrs have bestowed it upon us. Tell me not that a pale' whito face is pretty and (For the Exponent. , i !hale"ariolnjbyjridb make afraid. Then - allT-aroveicpmo't- amination, t the'saine time; with us. Has Mtue"glv"eii:us; asoiind rml hd In j a sound body? If'so what untold wealth Is burs in We'll look upon death as a sleep, And Vecline in his arms as a babe; Our angel sweet vigils will keep, ' ' TUT triumphant we rise from the grave. " ithem: andesireUheir ;ass6ciatibn2iather 3 Si - T Then come with thy wondrous dreamland, Yes, Morpheusi come quickly to me; Touch mine ejes with thy mystical hand. And. thine own till the morning I'll be.; , Obi sleep, balmy sleep, thou art twin ' ' ; With thy brother, whom iaortals call death ; ; But we feel thou art compact with him, To merely suspension of breath; , And that all will respire again, la a world renovated and fair, . This knowledge soothes every pain, v Ahd 8 wallows up grief and despair.-- ; ' . The blessing or lnentis must never be forgotten ;"they help-t- o make.our-sunshin- o, and on r happy hours, :wo love t, - - ' , WjBLJieed. y, ; U. -- : What a peaceful j Whenthe Eplrltls hatlj&'JUi 'ouV And sweet ministers hover to bless, '.And angels are 'flitting about- .- lijLnd tMjBplHtsuHu wp is the responsibility of therpossessor. may be rich in all things but "money,,' which Scripture calls "filthy lucro," to that, I say nothing, lest we clashju pur opinion; it is the current that bears the world along, and only when "linked with vice, can It be really called "so. But let us'look; at our circumstances, boldly daringly, for it requires an indomitable; courage at times to look them in the" face unflinchingly, unmuriLur-ingland see it there are hot some frag, ments left, out of which we can organizer a shadow of the heaven it is the right; of all to possess.: If the sun of our domestic system is under so heavy a cloud, that we cannot seoclear enough; we will lights a Mmpi and if we have nojjamp, then aj;an die, and if we have not a candle then a " surely .we. can find "farthing rush-lighthat, and, by its little, light wp will peer in-t- o the darkness of the present" hour.; Now the night! " ' ; people over . eighty; riding continually inf carriages Is destructive to health and vigor,! both mentally and physically; let us do our ownbiratids, arid then we r shall have an bb-- j ject,foran object is theiin3piratIon';which v .u ... auxilia'rand :apQwrfuraPTJ.nd:gfeat We , .. , , )h! . l. fali back'ISHdestrnyf VG3reu rely there, is r much in cannot shut our eyes to the fact,ahough it -- JiasbQund beyond which we will not own it can, may, or shall passTTT v. eaitnrmigniy lever as it is, cannot give happiness, or haltbtor heart or brain j it is merely an wethen THE WEARY. All barriers are taken away v We are free as the bird en the hilL' lTheres no pig ht, all is bean tlful day, ; t- - prp-destination,- . JaY--JI i Z.JtL ; : " t -- 4. .- - ilT.is reported Jhat 3xtQueen Isabella , is about to make: London her residence. ; 3 Tne .advent of Women in political af. fairs dates far back of our time. In tho reign of Henry III, four women had seats in the British Parliament. In the seventh century, when the national assembly convoked by the King of Kent enacted a new; code of laws, the decrees were signed by, the Queen, abbesses, and ladies . of quality. : , . . . ! 