not. What do some of the guardians of our public morals in the centre of this great Republic do? They try to conceal villainy in its worst 'forms, and they, come out to Utah and exclaim in holy horror against Plural Marriage. "O Consistency! what a jewel thou art!" What do soma of our would-b- e friends como here for? Not to save and elevate woman, not to promote virtue and chastity. No; but to defile and destroy and lead astray the young and And if they aro thwarted they say we are so exclusive;, would to God we wero more so, that. we could keep the daughters of "Zion from evil Influences. Men of the world come into our tnldst with their oily tongues, beautiful language) genteel manners and polished appearance outwardly, and it is a very easy matter to lead away Who is to blame? the unsuspecting. Fathers and mothers sometimes; they love their daughters so much that, they do not like to cross them in their love matters, they are afraid they will be unhappy, that it will blight their lives, and so they suffer them to marry men who are destitute of one dollars In cashfor: thosaine; purpose, and over one"hundred dollars in "clothing for workmen on the Temple. We have, been blest in being able to aid that worthy cause. To the Welsh Emigration Fund we principle and the Spirit of God, and find too late that their lives are ruined, they are more wretched than they could possibly have been to remain single, or marry good men with large families already, who were following out the revelations of God given in this last dispensation, and seeking to obtain celestial glory by keeping the laws pertaining thereto. Parents do not instruct their daughters sufficiently in the consequences of forming improper attachments, do not throw around them the safeguards that will form sure protection against insidious influences. Step by step, little by little are the Inroads made that finally result most perniciously on the lives of some of our young. Much more could be said on this subject, but let this suffice. One word more: Who are our daughters'present Guardian Angels? 1 think their mothers are, or ought to be. Then let us as mothers in Israel rise up in our dignity and be ever vigilant In the discharge of our duty, leaving no loophole for the enemy to enter. Teach our daughters that virtue and honor are priceless, and that in obedience to parents there is safety. Isabella Pratt Walton Mill Creek, July 18, 1878. , - at V Moroni, Sanpete Co., July, 12, 1878. Editor Exponent: Thinking that a few items from this un usually quiet place would be acceptable, wo' take th liberty of sending you a few lines. Our Relief Society has been in ten years, and, to ' many of its existence members, it has been a great blessing in the many on portunities It has furnished for pure and unalloyed enjoyment of the blessings of the gospel, and In tho sweet communion the Holy Spirit of promise that cheers of and blesses the gaints of God, and Iq the many opportunities that have been t afforded of cheering theneedy, and comforting the weary. Our Society now numbers ninety. many of whom are A1?"?alive to of the hour. Wo havf now on hand three hundred and fifty-fobushels of wheats a stores towardstime of beginning cf our need; we have aU wo hundred pounds of good ur Thft eggs t? from the Sunday the sistersyear' have saved, also fifty- - f hilt Wfla mz - linn; 1 t.r .JL.r- V uvsw t -- tw Di& not like to sea thojBlstej3jyear5UJi-bon."j- l nets, would like to see their; countenances; wanted us to have a class of braiders that-hastamina enough to. persevere lu'siraw.. work and let the i sisters wear hats; liked :tov see them look beautiful, but notl folldwdf--e ter tho fashions of Babylon. Spoke-ohome manufacture, of winter and EUrnmer wear. Said if weplanted ouL mulberry trees in faith tne Lord wpuld bless .us so wo could raice them, as he had done btheis in some of the northern settlements; r Was glad to hear we had some grain stored; iamine was sure to come for the Lord had5 decreed it; wanted us to raise beanaml store up Spoko of i tho: LorC: having ;a; tried people, and we must perfect ourselves' and prove our integrity, and that It would bo a password for us into the G Celestial Kingdon; and we must help; and cheer each -- d ened by the late visit of our beloved ters Eliza B. Snow and Zina D. Young;., their words were sweet and consoling; we desire to carry out their counsels, and pray heaven to bless them and continue their days of usefulness with us, and also upon" Si3ters Amelia Goldsborough of Nephi, and M. A. P.; Hyde of Spring City who accompanied them. Perhaps we trespass, but wo cannot dose without tendering our meed of praise to you, for your noble efforts in our Father's cause; in your many and arduous labors in conducting the ever fresh and cheering Exponent, which is indeed an exponent oMhe views, feelings and aspirations of Utah's noble women. We remain. your sister etc, Jane Bailey, Pres't. Susan Ciiristensen, Sec'y. n 1 L other all wo cSh fbtaefo' iaJeuohklrouble for uar all to pass through;'"" Mrs. Zina D. Young said . she was happy in being with us, and that it was right, that we should become acquainted with each and Ijavo a perfect J understand . other, ing that difficulties m1gnin6Vt'6etween: us; that more difficulties aroso through? " 1878. 4 As we have been honored of late With a visit from our much beloved Sisters E. It. Snow, Z. D. Young and M, A. P. Hyde, we thought worthy to report an interesting meeting held here. The people of this' place were notified that the sisters of this place would bo with us. A goodly attendance assembled together of the Belief Societvand tho Young Ladies' Association,-alsmany of the brethren, and an Interesting time was enjoyed by all. After tho usual ceremonies of singing and prayer and Introducing these sisters by the President of tho Society, Miss E. It. Snow expressed much pleasure In being with us, and in seeing so thing,else; that misunderstaiidings-ttianian- y wo had a right tp.be happy, and we are on an equality one with another. She loved to talk with the sisters Vh on the spirit of the Lord was upon' her. Spoke of there being sisters in S. 17. City, who wereleafn". ed in medicine and surgery, : had received their diplomas, could set dislocated joints, and were prepared to teach others. -- That wo should have some one in! every rsettlo ment qualifled to do these things. Asked tho Lord to sanctify our troubles to us;.-- s. Mrs. Amelia Goldsbrough from Nephi, made some remarks on what had been said, and on the order of Celestial Marriage. Mr3. M. A. P. Hyde thought 4t unwise to detain us much longer; The Spirit of God was poured out upon the sisters and made manifest In the gifts of the Gospel, proving theLoid is willing to ' bless us if wo keep his commandments Our President called on Elders B.' Lund, j. ; G G uymon, R. Carter, C. Collard, and. S, Jewkes to oc cupy,a,shorttime,veach.inadQ: a few ro. marks, expressing their satisfactipn in wiU .f V nesslng so good a time'. . u Your Sisters, etc. . Polly Ann Johnson, Pros' t. o many brethren present as wo needed their In our labors. Spoke of the divided Interests of the people of the world, compared them with our united interests. Spoke on the organization of the Relief Society; that every sister who had her name enrolled In this kingdom, should become a member of it, and was required to be a live active one; that Joseph Smith said that this organization was designed to help the Bishops relieve the poor,-- ' and to save souls; and it was an organization of the kingdom of God. Said many thought we should be judged by our motives, but our motives lead us on to actions, and by our actions we, shall bo judged. That a sister many thought that if she did not live her .religion, her husband would save her, but our reward will be to our works. Told the mothers 'according to watch their children from their earliest days, oyer and as soon as they were baptized, havo them join an organization that while their minds were pure tbey'mfght continue to grow up in the knowledge oftho: things 'of the kingdom. Said let the mothers. arrange their work-sthat when meeting "time ff Mary JewKes, Tap Avocations ' Sec'y." 1 - ' op WoiiEN.-- In United State, according to. tho censusthe of 1870, out of9,750,W)a'womeD,l,52r4,783 wo men and girls above the age of .10, or only ono in six- of the whole female are represented in the tables of population. occupation Leaving put of the account 874,832 who in the number stated, are registered asw agricultural laborers, and aro malnlr colored, nrn ..till l..ri. . thnrn w. w.o white women engaged ln the industries of the country. L ar 22j681 aro farmeM and planters; onaSed ,Q, manufactures; !I8, 698 In trade and commerce; 84,017 in teaching; 7,050 in keeping boarding-houses- ; ' - . o comes they may.not bo hindered from at- - , tending, and set them good examples, for they were watching us, and It was small -- 1 things that ruined the character, "The lit- tie foxes spoil the vines." Sho counseled m , sis- """" 7 a livinrr iir " We all felt greatly blessed and strength- Editor Exponent: a ZZ utkiakwij have set out for tiuwm. a fulness : of exaltaUono'ia the kingdom of God , and iwe are:' heirs of God and joint heirs i with Jesus Christ. of Ufa gooiane"t6wajds"'UfiC'":"r'' Fountain Green, July 8th, ? wore, but had had. a; great deal more ex- - ' perienee. t Joseph Smith said thartbQ Bo lief Society was , designed: to rperfecfci ?d-- I man and correct the morals. . . Everyi'wiio erofL all .good, Jbr Jheanymanlfestatious co-operati- B S. REPORTS. 1 have donated twenty-eigh- t dollars, and ; have yet a nice amount on hand for; the benefit of the needy, and for the carry ing out of the purposes of our organization. It certainly seems asjf our littlo stores were blessed and increased like then widow's meal of old, and we can itut thank" the Glv- - un-wai- yv -- TTT a i i St LV.lL T oan jjiih.e uuy iu :nire;out uaaiu sue uiu not consider herself any.; better than wfc , -- oiiu.-ieit.jia- a?' i . 