43 WOMAN'S E XPO NEN T. for the occasion. The house was nicely d ccora ted with e vcrgreensfwi th appropriate mottoes on the wails, and a beautiful crown composed of ferns just over her Maj- SONG OF THE HEART. UY 1IANNA1I T, KINO. ; f esty's seat. firings The harp within my heart of a thousand ' 1: Is all unstratig-Or onljr Just a few vlbraUb? Chords mourn,i 1 of the society, disbursement of means, etc Coir Judd followed, spoke of the. prosperity, union and. contentment of the people here; thought much credit was due to the foreign Eiders; after which Elders Moleh and Richards occupied a few; minuie3 each, in support of- - the Queen's Instructions, eulogised her in her work of charity among the peo- The sister much beloved ban pass'd away To ihatlastWuruJ outb'and ita sunny hours and friends ure g ue Their voicrs mute And only memory's aid can wake again The bean's sweet lute ; Vet have we friends and ohl they love ua well And we love them ; . sunff sweet But youth's poem, once so proudly ' " sin? None agaln. ' v , . :. .. , And do I pine that I can slnar no more ' What once Isan)? t That I the past can never more recall? Gives " ple. tbUarong? the past ii past t and f would not recall Even one day, ' ' " : But on!. on! higher, higher yet , doth heart My say. Yes, let it go! the Btream of life flows on With noiseless roll, i And day by day, and nigbt'by night, we do approach The final goal. My much loved sister thou bast reach'd the The dark, dull river and Is crossed, thy enfranchised soul ' ' : Is with the Gtrerl , . ,T- , ".rrr... The great, grand Giver of the boon or life My God, and thine ; Free from all sorrow, from all care set free In realms divine! Dear Innccent, cheerful, iray and Im ine Mary Loving guileless Mary, Angels of highest order close around My Bister Mary. Suppress the sigh, press back the Parting tear We give thee joy! Thou dost behold thy Father face to face, Without alloy. And la our beart t by cenotaph we place. S. L. City, July, JO. VISIT OF THE QUEEN TO THE RE. LIEF SOCIETY. Laie, Oaiiu, Sandwich Islands, July Gtb, 1878. Editor Exponent. Thinking a short sketch of a Royal visit to our isolated home might be of interest to some of the readers of the Exponent, I forward the following. Hrr Majesty Queen Kapiolanl, arrived here just at the close of ourmorninz- services. Her was to reach here in time for our design meeting but on account, of the illness of one of the party she was .'detained. Her at tendants consisted of er sister; Pooloku, Col. Judd, and MissTitman, with a number of servants all bearing some big title. pertaining t0 the Palace household, sach as cup bearer, 'chain, bermaid steward, cttv She Wai'makin? a tour around the Island for pleasure, and in the Interests of floola Lahul me hef Society.) We 'lKide them welcome In an easy manner, leaving out no doubt many of the courHltles .usually applied to people which appeared to ; have the effect ot making them feel at home. Atildock Mm. a to tell iter Majeaty themessenger people 'were assembled ready to receive and mstrnctions We aikwalked to, the" meet' iDK houso wimh wa3 filled to overflowintr - the-IIui' -- holding-snch,T)osItfon- s,- -- ar-riv- ed -- U"?- mlvi iUclr aro3 c& nlCpI,le a 80pgrof wel com sho en. feerthe o composed ' " : After returning to the houso the natives were permitted to shako hands with her Majesty and say ''aloha;" many of the older ones who had not entirely forgotten their ancient habits of showing deference to their nobles, apprcched her pmtheir knees, or with heads almost bowed to the ground; while the more enlightened ones only showed due respect. This over, we all, (the Queens party and members of the Mission) sat down to the table and partook of a plain but hearty dinner. Tho Queen is a No! juA " v, ; For death again hai broken up my heart, znadQ mo mo to say, J. E, MOLEN. -- Alone are.su.iUTf 4n4 The meeting: being opened, cumstances, my heart God bless them. . ... Your sister, she arose and read her speech,; which was short but to the point, urging the peoplo to continue in the good work of administering to the afflicted and destitute, . gave some good advice in regard to the .management f ; : withstanding their rnany' imperfections which are tho effects of surrounamg cir. , - nice looking Woman, very affable andInd, but not loquacious. . Her sister, Pcoloku, Is more of a lively turn, i appears . to rijov a good joke and quite as ready to take as give one. Miss Pitman has traveled considerably in the U. S., is well informed and quite a talker; she visited S. L. City not long ago, and is full of praise and admiration of that ' place and the people. By previous invitation they were the guests of Bro. Kaleobano where they re- paired in the evening. They felt so much at home their stay was prolonged two days. The natives flocked around them by hun. dreds, and did all in their power ;to make' Wo rode up in the them comfortable. mountains with them, gathered ierns, and lunched under the boughs of the evergreen trees, by the tide of the beautiful cool stream of water that sinks long before it reaches the parched cane fields below. They were surprised at tho number of children compared with other places they had visited; and judging by remarks she made to some of our natives, she was con . vinced that our Elders were doing all that could be done towards carrying out the King's motto "save and' increase the nation." The feeling of hatred and persecution against our people has but little space in the hearts of ' the native population, only as it is instilled into them by hireling Priests; but the straight forward course of our Elders has done much towards dispelling prejudice. The members of the mission are aU in tolerable health. The drouth on this side of the Island still continues, and. to add to this calamity, thev'Peluas'(an army worm,) has swept over the face of the country, and taken every green thing near the shore, except some of tho cane which has become so toughened by drouth that their voracious stomachs could not digest 1 1. '' The Relief Society held their third Annual festival Meeting .which was really a credit to, our jiativo. "sisters; they were all dressed in white and made av grand appearancojn the procession. -- They seeded to bo ;nlledrwith tho f spirit of ihe , , to-da- y,, ; and from, their own earnings, they feasted somo 'two hundred porsons. which 1 no is small .matter these 'hard times; they have dono much to wards ministering to the poorand needy of this place; and not- Gospel, o-- j.JFPrJle-Ew:i!- VACCINATION. - ; that by us as a people, is much neglected, and there is' also a: great prejudice against It, perhaps not without cause. But if some one who under stands would take an Interest in It, and attend to (This is a subject, from one person to of transmitting disease, " ; : " ' another. FdrlhenSen'efir'orolBers TllFgfve a little ofmy experience and 'if It Is a means ol doing good, I shall be amply repaid for ' 'i the trouble of writing it. - In the Springrior:i852 the small-po- x made its appearance 4nlouriieigh)orh6od my husband wastakeni down with Variochildren who loid, V and haying three-littl- e been? had not vaccinated we were very much alarmed,- but fortunately had a near neighbor ,whq was a doctor; he proposed to inoculate oo of our cows, and one of his, (ours being light and his dark) - with the small pox virus, .which he did, ours took splendidly from which he vaccina led myself and three children, and a young.girl who was living withfus;at th tlme?with the exception of one( little girl, none had ' more than the symptoms. I presume there are jtsaea-xiitjMilpox in thFcuntry at present as" it Is a winter disease; but we have been taught in 1 1 me of pe ace prepare for war." ; " "" 's 1 ' - i - l : : ;':'-:E;B- -- Massachusetts Heroine. Visitors A to Bcltuate, Mass,, always make it ad point to visit Miss Rebecca W. Bates. who . Iive3 ' at the head of the harbor, In an houge. Tho elderly, inaidenlady, now in her 85th year, is as active as most ' old-fashion- ed with her oltl maid sister of 82, distinguished herself during the war of 1812 by driving away (ho Brit iah soldiers who had started In barges from, r a to capture the flour1 with which two Vessels were laden, lying at the head harbor. On this memorable day, all the men were away picking berries," or doing something of that sort and tho British commander noHclfag' by the aid ' of his glass that there Was seemlngcar- city of men In the town, made up his mind to capturo the flour; ; Miss Bates's i father h kept the lighthouse, and at: the timo she was 10 years of age. She cbuld play ihb fife, and her sisterwas good at beatingithe' drum.. Discovering the approach of tho r people of sixty. She,' man-of-wa- of-th- e L -- British Uebecca evolved, a of Yankee strategy, .nastenlng tojhe lighthouse, she anS.eF 8err concealing .themselves, pro- -, ceeded lo play martial music at the head of t an imaginary company of 'recruits .The h Towing; they pricked, up their ears,P1) the , fife and drum , goInfeJTn the jrieantlmc. ' So.n a signal from the ciptam " of the ship In th distance warueU, the bargo of danger 'ibout:: the British returned to tho ship, Miss Rebecca t AV.- - Bates play In " Yankee 'Doodle, with all the spirit off which she was possessed.' :bifc; -- : and-turn- ing -- 'si - f" at the Bpston XaUnSchool ,fot giri one to failed pass an examination, 1 but 