WQU AN x Ill - EX S : PON E NT. : r- - union exists, which indicates a.healthy 'and prosperous condition, t After the Financial ,When, reading the accouJ; j)f tho Mass r report was read and accepted, the President stated that the sisters often met and worked, Meeting ot ,two hucdred Gentile ladles and thus increased the value jof - material of 'Sal t Lake Cl ty, with a view to putlown donated; hence. the difference between the polygamy, I involuntarily asked ..myself the receipts and disbursements. questions "Why Wis 4iewcru?a(le?, Why this new phase ot persccuJ,Ion? Why tbi3 Sister, Z. D. Young was much pleased new departure froMt'VsUjte'd.customs with the report; it brought to her mind and habits (for it has been thtiabit for men the first Society' that was organized. Our to lead in persecution)? 'Is. it because the object should bo to save souls; wo are a Evil One has tried so many plans, and all practical people. Urged mothers to find suitable employment for their girls, and bo have failed to move the Saints in the least? thinks sure to keep them from Salt Lake City, or is it because he women are weak and he can make ah easy tool of them? where there are many temptations for the : T . I HTUH iU iL: ,lt.. young. Advised the girls to study the roy; heart, these words of Scripture came harmony of colors, and dress in a suitable t ,ThvnrA-IrVftr in hn. fnrrihlv mtr minrl Also spoke of the influence manner. : - 1. ,1 JI l - mothers exert over the minds of their chil' dren. Gavo much valuable instruction and who obey not the truth, and take pleasure in unrighteousness., Could thoso women many useful suggestions, especially in re;seo what they are doing and the consegard to the 8ilkindustry; was pleased to see so many quences if their plans were carried out, I mulberry trees in Spanish r think most of them would stop and ask Fork. themselves if it would pay; I think they Sister M. B. Young felt that there wen would take time to reflect before proceedgood sisters here, and advised them to at r tend to: their prayers three times a day. ing further. Believed many present would live to see I was much pleased with the remarks of our sisters in their mass meeting, and corthe Savior come. Advised the sisters to store up grain, raise silk, fce. Spoke also dially endorse the sentiments expressed by upon the County organization, and upon them, and I believe most of the sisters many other principles pertaining to our throughout this Territory would do the same. I feel thankful that I have lived to salvation, and concluded by blessing the sisters. aee me uay wnen bo many mousanas are to Sister E. B. Wells was suffering from a and rise to the ready up testify boldly severe cold, but was much pleased with her truth, first visit to Spanish Fork; said she had I came into the Church of Jesus Christ pf Latter-da- y Saints in an early day, when our many dear friends here. Said there is a numbers could not be counted by hundreds, great field of labor and honor for the women and I did not then expectl should ever seo of Zion, but we must prepare ourselves for such an array of witnesses for the truth, 1 It; It will not come to us, we must develop our talents, use our capabilities, and learn thank the Lord that he has spared my llfo to see the present time, and I feel truly the lessons of lifel Some have thought thankful that our sisters have taken such a the women of Utah will becorre extremists bold stand for truth and righteousness. In politics and neglect home arid its duties, We know we are right when we resist such en- but she felt there was no danger of that croachments upon our civil rights lights While we had the Spirit of God and the that are guaranteed unto us by the grand Holy Priesthood for a balance. The women and noble Constitution frame! by our foreof the world are watching to eee what we will do with the suffrage how it will bene-fi- t fathers. I feel sure this crusade will come 1m 1 4 1rv4 salt 4n r nm. i jl w wauuu woman as a class. Let us use it wisely, uuu lsttii iue ueiiaoi mis Kingand seek to understand this government, dom; He watches over His people, and He has promised that no weapon formed and make good use of alf our opportunities. Mothers should be awake to the necessity against them shall prosper." Is. not that a blessed promise? Sisters, let us bo faithful of training their children, and teach them to our God;' let us always be found using the principles of the Gospel and how to apour influence for good; seek at all times to ply them in their lives. l?e guided by the Spirit of the Closing remarks were made by President living God, and then we need not fear what our eneMary Ferguson, who announced a meeting mies can do. In the evening. Joanna C. Teeples-HoldeEvening meeting. Opening remarks were made by Pres. Ferguson, who eaid Millard Co., Dec. 3, 1878. the object of tho meeting was to organize a Primary Society, to be composed of chil RELIEF SOCIETY ANNUAL MEETING. dren; she "would leave the organization with Sister Z. D- - Young. Tho Annual meeting of the Relief Soci. Sister Young then rose and gave much valuable counsel and instruction to the ety of Spanish Fork was postponed from July 2d to Oct. 17, in consequence of sickyoung, and said the success of the Primary ness in the family of our beloved President. Association depended upon the mothers. . Sister Mary Ferguson. A vote was then called to know if the SistersinaD. and Martha B. Young and "mothers wished such an organization. Tho fcmmellne B. Wells were present vote An organization was by invithen effected, witbflhe following officers: tation; the meeting house whs tastefully decorated for tho occasion with specimens Mary Ann McCIean, President, of ladles work, both useful nnri v. u mi. ' ) Agnes Lewis, After remarks hv openinir MW iw ICOIUCUL Counselors,, "J j Almlra Stoker, the Annual Report was rrad. vaho a total ,of receiptsljy donations and Emily Snell (U years old), Secretary, ; Miss Hannih (11 years old), Ass' t Sec'y. wtLl for the pa3t year amounting to $271 3 ; d sbursements, $334 03. The hai . V The officers were then set apart by 210 bushels of wheat stored in Society a good subSnell and which Bishop alter: Counselors, tp stantial bin; a brick building is ia course' Snell nude soice very appropriate remarks. ' of erection, to be used for a, Sister house; M, B. Young theq addressed tho 233 members arocnrolleck meeting A feeling of . children, , - j. jlxw - vji - .; . 1 A'X 1. . 1 1 . " , " ; - 1- 1 ? , n, was-unanimo-us. -- ; ... - .i to:, . ' The meetings were. largely attended by both sexes, and all felt edified and grateful to our sisters who had come to visit us, for their labor of love; and we pray that tho blessing of God may ever attend them in their endeavors to help in tho establishment of the kingdom of God on the earth. At the present date the Primary Asso- ciation numbers members, and is creatmuch the able manage, interest under ing ment of its President. The. young secretaries are doing their part. well. 22!) Hannah Cornaby, Sec'y. Spanish Fork, Nov. 23, 1378. THOUGHTS ABOUT BOOKS. It is a common error tu date book mak ing and the beginning of literary enlightenment from the time of the invention of printing in the Fifteenth Century. Thero are many people, otherwise well informed, who have an idea that the world is indebted -solelytfr the pri n t i ng press for--t her rith it-erary treasures it possesses, and who enter. lain a vague uenei uiai uuiu iia use a aenae cloud of ignorance overhung all the nations of the earth. A recent writer in one of the leading English magazines makes the astonishing statement that the "genius of Gutenberg and Faust heralded the day, after along intellectual night that had its beginning .with creation." How utterly senseless and foolish such language is, any schoolboy knows, or ought to know. Printing is merely a change in the manner of production. Books were mado and read thousands of years before the day of Gutenberg, and multitudes of authors havo and been well known, of the people in all the centuries since the first historical record was written. There is evidence that , a high state of civilization existed in .Assyria three thousand years ago, and that literature flourished in 4lw. i niii.nt nittna r f Wl n nrrftW- t n r Tllhv. Ion as extensively and successfully as it does among us to day. The discovery as few years ago of the library of Aslurbanipal, King of Assyria 700 B. C, gives us a fair idea of the character of the books of that time. They consisted of tablets of clay, varying in size from an inch to nine inche-long, covered with Characters,, in some case3 so minute that they could only be read by the aid of tho microscope. After yeirs of patient study the key to this last method of writing was discovered, and the; coo ten ts of these innumerable and singular ,; books were laid open to the world, They consisted of historical records, chronologh-a- ,and astronomical tablets, religious treaties, grammars of various languages, works upon science, art, social regulations and - customs, Thoso tho laws and general literatureInscriptions were stamped from engraved numblocks, a fact which shows that large bers of copies must have been made, and must have been extensively manufactured and commonly read by the people of that time. . . ntrilor. l Greek literature, says a moucrw ayi. began in a period of indefinite antiquity, as long ago as 1000, B. C. the art of poetical composition existed In the highest perfection. The ' admirable structure and the wonderful language of the Homeric poem imply a long period of antecendent culture.n B.K)ks pf that day we're written upon rolls ofjromsix inches to as many feet, and were copied by professional scribes. The. inner bark of trees was 'also usea, and sometimes tho leaves of tho palm Vellum, leather and parchment, differently 1 flour-isli- ed - ? , l - -- papy-rusi- 