WO M A N :t,,..... - . " rrSEnMUNTO . I r, , jtJp course of, sermons to O aw , 4 tvtikAn niA teaehlnea of the Bible. No man "can hope ito succeed who discards i the Lteachings of , the. Bible,. They are the foundation of our . laws, and of tho laws and jurisprudence of the. best governed countries on the globe. It is here we. learn, that if "we would , bo eally great wo m ust be really good , and Ztbaiour highest happiness Injime and ni ty only . can be secured Dy navtng ou r 'characters molded by those principles that ' aroithe foundation 61 the Christian" faith., Epis-copa- l, I AM. Hat- - - s?liras "itoiesTItr tio vtAiinv. mail Tndn I i dv every. young .man, anu .success nf , .depends to ft great extent upon the manner th&rfte answered n'drrledibuf' tfHefe ihds? flrit'bq ?an aim in life ' to warrant, '.i'Wmt nave' rrdfcuIediheMeaf )iavf n anInrbr ttylofb&tf deffnittf fthip. :crii tt!i:fiihaf tfier Isroidencd that iJguidea1he!aflyir of rri&ahdf Itwilf matter iHIUlewbat plans' are laid so long as there is a dilnlry tfiat5 shapes our jend r Butare n Mrti ' that Providence l :tif6ing to i doi everything ifbrman that'tbls will build - bouies,' ?.carvo .ista t ties f pain t And fashion, i'and make money,and gain knowledges-aritthat; mantrhas t tiothlngtaof but - receive .,,WbateYer God; jchooseai to (bestow? ) Those , o(bayo":lettuccesslul havQ; ibund-thajha given them faculties (or ac . , ; i the. courage. 'the'.8trei'th'.and.;down tte He eprogizeT bom giums areell deserved; for. If not ' showed ; J Spartan Spartans, they certainly heroism in . their firmness ahd demotion to the cause they had espoused. vThey felt within their hearts the conviction that they were obeying the commands of God, and that He would overrule everything for the best good of those who loved him' and kept ' ; His commandments. The editor of an' eastern paper suggests tale show-in- g that "A Mormon Bbmance"----up;Mormon wretchedness would be just the thing.' I think' I could tell many a tale of suffering hardship and privation, but no doubt it would not meet their approbation. Something of a different. nature from any. thing I should portray .would better suit thfe : public taste. They would invade our open our closets, and drag forth-th- e ghastly skeletons for the pity or derision of the eWorld ;jot, flnding.rio .skeletons worthy the exercise of their genius, they would call imagination to their aid, and conjure up some phantom of fright to Intimidate the weak, or amuse the ignorant PIPSEY PAPERS. -- to-supp- v : I d yinJd ;bad as well as good among us this would t, not be the net spoken of, by the Savior; but judging by appearances we are in, the right ; dse t - j -- ! ; The: net was cast Into the sea, and it . gathered of all- kinds. If here were not J net . . ;. ; -- . ; called upon some friends . a short time an fouhd jhera Tvery much annoyed ago, r by theTneigbbbrs where thny resided : feel-- " ing, as: though they Vwere riidei 'dishonest '"aild disobliging: in fact, any thing but what Saints should be. No doubt "this was all. ;2 true, but What can .we expect if the net a 4 r for Hrartety? "Are there hot spirits brought ' fluirjpgjkpoledge In which not even the gentle Influence! of , , these and .Ju, in faculties, educating Mpajt Christian life can refine, and a? like begets having LficmiOfdeflnlteobjeetia view? for - " 1 Ike; can we expect grapes of: thistles, or whlcb.tOj labor. ?, Columbus, Vi,Jer force and figs of thorns? m aim an&ttiey fol- StWWw&W&W This Is an age of progesslon, and yet how hard it sometimes seems to progress in the Which tbey so long and pcralstently, strug- right direction. The GospeiT of Chrtst em 'that lead to evil must 'glTbmptailons' braces all ; purity, vlrtue, goodness and rele strongly resisted. One young man sees finement; but someof us have been forced another of his own ago who is to pass through so many trying scenes, so LIVING VITIIOXJT WORK. many hardships, that only the roughness of our natures could survive the conflict God He lias soft hands,-wearkid gloves, floursays His saints shall be as gold refined in a ishes a cariej 'smokes cigar3, rides in the jt furnace,, I sonaetimesthipk we are passing aum as an easy jaKj ururocaipcusiyeiy, through that purifying ordeal, when I. see tlmeyiand He'feels tnat he ought' to have an the . trialsj:and afilictiops tbis people are easy time too. No man1 ever 'became wise, called upon to encounter, the aggravating .qselul or great who Was an idlerl OBiit you circumstances we are sometimes placed in, Would work, but there is no work to j i Bay, and the hardships we have to endure. ".. be found; nobody nvanta to hire, time,- are Tullidge in his last work has "called If the.thpysands . oi.mettrwho i theMr.Mormon 0;SOhard. women Spartans; but they employment in thislty-rman- y were hot born'Spartansnheydidhot IntoC.theni lounging about the parkswould herit hardship as their right, nor constltu-- 1 f(sjgdflnto the country they could find . work to battle1' with it. Those who have ere'fine'firms lii i$Syi Hamp- - 1f tions 9. there."; passed1 through th6 most hardships, were phlre ; turned Into pasture land becausehere born and bred among the delicacies and rework them., Tho young mqn .W.SyP?'? finements Of civilization, and Inherited tho have gone, Irito.citlea to earn' ta pittance n tastes and Tillsposlt ions therb"rather f lh'n;irviB Hkprlncca.oii the pertaining to their life and early training. 1 havo sometimes thought sit was small cause for wonder, if money by; dishonorable meaps. Never In they; should, becomo rude and selfish; in bisfory bflhif country "basihcr:Qi'l)een fact, the wonder i that the better part of lBuchYa maniaj;3rdr 'making inobey fast as their, natures was not altogethor lost, the t "lurfng'the past tfen'or fifleeh' years, and in , tenderness and sweetness. burned out by the: hot wealth little heed ,,the cruel; seething fires; through which has been' given to the methods employed. . they have been called to pass. "And eveh tiow there 'are' too many who was there heroism . in the tenacity t think: that theBut, great end of life is to make with which thev clun? to. that- - faith . i e a fortune, aud lt'natters little What means r though some faltered and turned away, and are used that are not openly unlawful that somoieu oy me wayswe, as many a lone n W'Ul secure the coveted boon.5 ' Another elc-- x grave will testify all the .way from Kift-- 1 ment of success in lifo is to rely oh one's land to Missouri, from Missouri to Nauvoo, nset Qno reason why so many young men from Nauyoo to Salt Lake. Grand frage-- l ..npver succeed; ia becauso they aro too dis. !e3 ,iko great wounds are sometimes borno vi trustful .of themseives They rare like ra because the suddenness of. the shock leaves JrPtos toawlm whaihas used a life no of way escape. Like great wounds, too, wsu no oaro not venture .4. j;ijruwfef;Qjoag comes the lime of healing, the lingering MP: deep wateriWithout it. If he wnniri - becomo a agony, tho slow convalescence, and many a good swimmer, he must strike out ghastly scar is left which no soothing cor-- wter 13 ia reWff on his own H dial or fntastic covering can smooth or wipe strong arms, and so If a man would bo sue-- i away. The author or the "Women of cessful he mut'eut loose from all artificial has sought to make a record for helps and rcly v0nvhl3 own abilities. the o m os t Ixri jpSo r to.nt feiuUiteof all is daugltciof Zion. In historical items. tho sanct--uarie- s,; ' ; - ,7 l J ! " s , . a ; - rmlof. c ' j ? t 5 - : i z . 1 : haste-torroiru- p 1 ! - ! ; , naa s Mor-mondo- . . . j cor-- women pioneers passed. Vs 'little ioxes spoilr.the yines. so .tha ' small Vexations and daily cares ,wear out ; -- safe--cc- culte isIcknesjTrihrpngh :wbichhesoMormon IFOrtheExPOHtsi!. ; ; (ioubfr ..rect, but how little is told, how little can be told. Tongue could never speak nor pen record a full account of their wrongs, their sufferings and privations, the cares and disappointments, the slow, torture of hope deferred, tho wintry blasts, the scorching suns, the weariness, the, sadness, andthe hearts tr ; Qnnff-meprpctie4se&- - - s fhe,Ightcentb'fitreetMetbcUst phprch, New York Bey. - " Tformatldrira" 'character according to the THE YjJUIStf. w. F. ILITFIBLD. -- " E XP ONENT. S m, rne of a occurred - during our "Writingi onTthls snrectremlnds : little4 incident that :" early pioneer life, 'Which; perhaps, would not be out of place ' in' these columns; In the winter of 1850-5- Salt Lake City was laid out and fenced In wards, but the cross roads were not yet fenced.' r: Across : the 'street ,; froca where we lived; was a vacant lot, on which 8om o one was preparing to build ; 1 they had dug a well about sixteen feet deep which was about; half filled with water. During the winter the pnow had fallen quite deep, covering; the ground and carefully smoothing over all landmarks. fSome days , 1 after the snowfell, the wind raised and blew very hard; it raged and howled dis-. mally, making usthankfuCf shelter we possessed,Vahd glad to draw around' tho fire.' Towards night, neighbor Beech, who lived a llttloNorthrWes of us, came In to tell of araayentfam hehad had. ' He saldhe kept hfedrihglsomb sound, which seemed different ftorfi tho shHeking of tho Wind, but so faint' hni hocould not tell the naturo of it.' After listen Ing a7 while ho determined to Ihyestigate the matter. He- -accordingly put oh his great coat, and started out, following the direction of the sounds until he reached the lonely well, where he found a neighbor women; who, while cfoss- '. ing ' the block without a path, had walked into it Her arms and clothing supported by the snow, held her head above the water, be- where, far. below; tho surface, Hho had and . come nearly exhausted, with, the coldheard. her frantic efforts to make (herself He procured afsistanco and released her - from the yery unromantic situation, giving . her In the care of It caused . some merriment for the young folks, hat . - . her-frien- ; ds. ;:vna ho joking mat t cr. for poor Nancy, and . I will venture to- say that she was careful ' : - : , the next time she wonf oiit to follow the ' proper road. How many of ns In this li'Ct in leaving the right path and tho'advice or friends, meet with' unseen dangers. There is many a pitfall ftr tho unwary, and youth -- 