Vol. 6. For the Exponent. ' JouI. Ohtayj- you ask' uSyWhalgood wo shall" have been the means oFtlofng our mistress In the next world, and what use wo shall bo to her in tho great eternity to come? ' Oh, bless our heartsl why do you suggest such disagreeable thoughts? Well, our mistress, says she is living for this world, and if this life, which is only a drop in the great sea of eternity, is all that she cares for, we shall not trouble ourselves about anything else. And when death comes, we shall make a very lovely sight to the mortal eye, crossed over the heart HUEBYING HOME. i Hurrying home In tho twilight's ffray hour, night spreads her mantle Fer cottage and tower; Home from the toils and the cares of the day, And they at its threshold should vanish away. Some pass along with a quick, joyous treedt And some from whose pathway life's pleasures hath lied, for some there are greetings of love and delight, And others the shadow of sorrow's deep night . And I read in each face as they pass swiftly by. The light, happy heart, the tear and the sigh; shine out through the Can tell where the home-ligh- ts As gloom; Caa tell where tho hearth-ston- e is cold as that knew no higher aim than an assidious care for us. We shall repay her at least." Ah, my . friend, you turn away with a sickening disgust from these, white, useless" the tomb. Children' fair faces pass swiftly along, sunbeams they glance 'mid the hurrying throng; Children so innocent, Joyous and bright, Ob, fain would I shield you from shadows of night Like Be hands. Childhood's the fairest, the sunniest clime; to its freshness, cling to its truth, And gather sweet.f ruits from the garden of youth. Cling i 1 feebleana"61dr""7 they'll be gathered to Christ and the fold; Soon Home-lig- ht will darken for them nevermore. But ever burn bright on theJ 'Golden Shore." "No horns? Is stamped on this pitiful face, In all this wide world she hath no place; Ye who bavo homes, oh, think of the poor; - In mercy remember, turn not from thy door. And draw not the curtains too closely, I pray, But out through the gloom let the cheering light stray; It may fall on some weary and desolate heart, Who of life's blessings hath had meager part. rtHome, home sweet home," more precious than gold, :. . Half of thy value can, never be told. Make your homes "Bests" 'mid the toil and the strife, Oasis green in the Journey of life. : i i 1 I: z: -- Hope. ' IFor the Exposest. TWO PAIRS OF HANDS. Well, showing the force of character in her whoVe life has been mado up of toil. We will listen also to them, and take to our hearts and lives the lesson they will teach. "We are the servants of her who never spends a moment upon us, but. to. cleanse. and dry the skin. Wo are always employed; no moment is laid on the altar of time unless used in some way. Besides the usual daily housework, wo fashion a useful, comfortablo bonnet for some old lady friend ; put together In dainty form a hood to frame a sweet baby face. Wo strive to help our owner to make that which we handle dainty and delicate, and to spare no toil to make her home happy and cheerful for her mother and two precious fatherless boys, rather than seek to preserve our beauty at the expense of others' hearts and hopes. Yet when sickness prostrates those around bur ownery we are guided with loving tenderness over the suffering brow, and many an has pronounced our touch the agonized-li: most soothing mortal can know;" And wo aro taken to the kitchen, to preparo that for the sick which-wilcomfort tho body while our gentle pressure soothes the throbbing brow. ,Wo have accompanied our mistress to many a stricken homo, and are never tired of doing good. Wo will con- Jess toyou, in strict eonfidence that sometimes she whom we serve with such diligence will look at us with discontent, and actually murmur at our plainness. Yes, it was painful, after we had done so to securn eternal happiness for her, cqpeh and to hear her complain of us and wish Wo were otherwise. But then we forgavo the weakness and stilt; served her faithfully. The next world? . Ah, indeed, we havo no fear of that; and when we aire folded above tho heart which has never known guile,1 wo shall await with peace our call to come forth. And there we will bo honored for our good works on this earth, and blessed by those to whom we have ministered in this life." -- Are not those hands lovely to you now, my friend?; They aro to merand I some- times rovcrcntly kiss them for the noble work they aro doing. 8. Y. 1). bt. George, Jan. 28. ' :;."" 1 What! Have hands a history? yes; and if you will put down your work and come andslt beside me, I will relate to you their story. You see those hands laid with such exquisite grace on th e i black velvet and cushion? Ah, yes; how.soft and delicately molded is each curve and, outline. Tho fingers taper to tho waxy, transparent nail and the pink tips are just formed to the ivory of the piano. The flea h is press and satin smooth. 'How beautiful!"white are led to exclaim, "are the hands of a you fair - n ua uUi,ttiD ixiey lie there their fair beauty, bend the ear of vour ueariaem ten their storv r. were' ttUU "Wo cared for with ail the tender-"Is- ? ,a f0?f mistress could bestow on that so much to in society. The kid has been shornThe finest silk has been sought for, to protect us Dd 0urwner lUnrD? would nevS us to do that work which placing belongs to the kitchen wench. Look at Us in our. beauty! , .What good have wo over suro glWe softly over tPhCd? or keys, perchance some delicate garment for our owner? Wo taught to intertwine hance the glitter of the diamonds hich wo are adorned. We attract atlen-"o- n to our mistress, and help her to seen ' and whiohTi life of her life and aim of h ?h0 "ion l -- " iTii said that it costs $177,444 a year to the American army with tobacco. supply The extravagance - of women is ruining the country!", : " Gates Conklin is the editor a of the Now York "Palladium," a monthly publication, "devoted to Literature, Poetry, Music, and tho best interests of our cou. ntrysocially, morally, and politically." "Do ALii women vote in the cities of and house- England, or only asks renters?" ,a subscriber. Only unmarried women and widows who pay a tax on property or who rent a house can vote theso b,eing the fiamd', quaUflcation'su aaX&ie r? " ; J't'L-'required of male voters. J 1 ; tax-paye- rs , L Mrs. Sophie IIerrick,yhosemicro-- j "Scribner!s:i: Monthly", during the past, year, havo at- - r: -- Ecopical studies, published in I blamo you p -- Mrs.-Emm- riot. Just look now at this pair .of hard, seamed, dark hands. The fingers firmly interlocked, not too eager to reach manhood's prime, Hero tod Tsee the NOTES AND NEWS. : tracted wide attention, has, become porma- nently connected with tho editorial department of that Magazine, and is now widely i recognized as standing in the first rank of ; -- Amejcan6eienl her. quality can bo found in the review of Joseph Cook'srBiology, recently rpub -- -- Parliament met on Friday; Jan. 17HiP The Queen did not open the session In person, but sent her speech to bo read.' It is mainly about the Eastern War.; J She says, "Hitherto, neither of the belligerents have infringed the conditions on which my neutrality i3 founded, and I willingly believo both parties aredesous tolrespectithem,: so far as it may bo in their power. So long' as these conditions aro not infringed, my attitude will continue the same. No efforts on my part will bo wanting to promote a pacific solution of tho points at issue and the termination of tho war." She solicits the liberality of Parliament to supply means for adequate preparation and to adopt s of precaution,' should 'hostilities' bo runfortunately prolonged: rj In the debates on the Address' in tho House of Lords, Earl Granville called Lord BcaconsQeld to account for making 'Utterances during tho recess in a tone of belligerent neutrality, and for differing from tho sentiments expressed by his colleagues; said if Russia's assuranceslvero unsatisfactory, Parliament should havo been called toge th er imm ed iately but if sat isfac toryf , mea-sure- ? T : ' summoning' parliament now was to cause a feeling of insecurity. To which Lord replied, that when the summons to Parliament was issued, ' there were prospects of peace negotiations; ho repudiated what tho newspapers say about tho policy of government,' and emphatically what they 'say about a divided cabinet; ho declared he had written no letter during recess, and had spoken but once; and then presence of his colleagues; that Lord Derby's felicitous statement, that "tho greatest British interest is Peace,", was a rhetorical expression, but Lord Granvillo seemed to take it as a statistical fact; that the government considered that thero were British interests which must not bo endan. gered if the contest goes on. Thero was another kind of isolation than that arising from decay. 'England onco alono asserted her national independence. The Duko of Argyle said that Lord Bcaconsfield speech was brilliant and evasive. i. ' Bea--consfie- ld in-th- o 1 