hMaS oman suffrage at rochester, n. y. as-bociatio- of woman suffrage might circulate it as a campaign document." After interesting and eloquent speeches from Mrs. M. W. Thompson, of Indianapolis, Mrs. Phebe Cousins, of St. Louis, Mrs. Elizabeth Cady Stanton, of New Jersey, Mrs. Elizabeth Oakes Smith, of North Carolina, Miss Anthony moved that the President, Mrs. Lozier, now appoint the different Committees. The motion was n; BUSINESS MEETING. Thursday forenoon, July 10, a preliminary meeting- of the National Woman Suffrage Association was held in the Unitarian church? North' FItzhugh street. The as semblage comprised quite a number of the representative women orAmericaeside a goodly fathering: . in the rear body of the church,? comprising several When the Rochester.; men and women. meeting, was called to order by tbepresi dent,Mrs. Clemenee S. Lo2ier, M. D., of ew York, the following named ladies were recognized among those in attendance: Lucre! ia Mott, Elizabeth Cady Stanton, Susan B, Anthony, Belva A. Xockwood, attorney-aUaWashington, Matilda JosJyn Gage, Mrs. JprVXrfer, Mrs. C. S. Lozier, president e of .the YfQvpu! Homeopathic Medical '.df ;'lfew Jork, Xavihia C. Dundore, Mm.1 JiryK Mrs. izafceth Oakes Smith, of M&'liloid,' NW'Ybrk; Phtebe (touzjnst; Louis. Mrs, , - sus-taine- d, -- and Mrs. Lozier announced lho ComCommittees: mittee on Resolutions, Committee on Finance, Auditing Cornmitte. Adjourned to . y 4 o'clock. well-know- n AFTERNOON MEETING. ; The closeness and warmth of the atmosphere gave ample opportunity for the exercise of that common right and privilege, tho wielding of fans Though this bppor- -' tunity was generally improved, it might be added that the plain yet fresh arid invit ing appearance which the Quaker element gave to it made the congregation appear as cool as it was free from agitation. The president, Mrs. Lozier, again occupied the chair, and by her the meeting was w, Col-leg- W; iolSj Mrs. Robinson and daughter, soWMrs.'Plumb,:or New York, Mrs. qf Stebbn's of Detroit, Mrs. Spencer, Mrs. Mi ' committee, then read the list of officers. A separate vote was taken for the presi dent,- - Mrs. Stanton being unanimously Senator Sargent; and Mrs. Dr. Winslow, of Washington, Amy Post, Sarah Pugh, of Pa., !teleman,jknd Dri Amelia Lucy Mrs. Fray, of Toledo, Martha SchofleId;i of South Carolina, and Mrs; Thompson, of Indiana. -- Mrai Lozier'. who. presided, called the meeting to order, and after advising that the addresses be short and to the point, that -aboye iaUTlhiogs the members keep cool, introduced Mrs. Sara Andrews Spencer, of Washington, the chairman of the commit-- , : 1 ' elected. The other officers were voted lor collectively. Mrs. Ellen Clarko Sargent, wife of the Senator from California, then presented her report as treasurer of the association for the past eighteen months. The receipts from members residing in the various States and Territories, were read in the alphabetical, Ray-xndndofSyracu- se;' , -- : , teojffi-v-- , ' ... In giyjng a "resume" of the recent move-- . . called to order. Sara A. Spencer, from the nominating ment In Vasbington during the last session of Congress, Mrs. Spencer, said: "The. work .of the National Association in securing 'petitions to the 45th Congress . began Jan. .19, 1877, with an empty treasu-ry.' They' were encouraged from every section of the country, by everything else, except money Miss Anthony sent word fnJm the West, Address every postoffice in the United States: To the iriends of Wo. man Suffrage, Care of the Post Master. How could it be done? Herappeals friends of the cause at last brought the of the great promeans and gramme was carried out, bat owing to finan- clal hi nd ranees, jo iate that only forty thou- sand i friends'; of the causo 'were reached. That this was not a fair representation of the friends of the cause was indicated by the fact that in tbe.Staie.-oMichigan alone, men only voting, forty thousand votes wero 1 Jo. order of the States and Territories. The report was adopted. After the business of the meeting had been transacted, Susan B. Anthony made a few remark--, alluding to the advisability and necessity of circulating newspapers through the country which should be exponents of the cause of woman suffrage. She emphasized the importance of the association having one recognized exponent or organ, in the shape of a newspaper. As such an exponent of woman suffrage she warmly recommended the "National Citizen and Ballot Box," edited by Matilda Joslyn Gage, at Syracuse. Ex. two-thir- ds THE MEMORIAL a The following memorial was presented In Senate and House, June 15, by Senator Terry and Speaker Randall. "To the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States In Congress as- womiin suffrage amendnpent to the State constitution, Mrs, Spencer said thaj with one or two exceptions the Senators and .Representatives vied, with each otheV, (q courtesy, to ,tbes' petitions, and many 6fthem4 Improved the various occasions jo earnesUy cpmmendlthe question of the Sixteenth' Amendment to the consider-- " arid '.the Senate. atlon of 'the1 committee ' Tneerts'which had been circulated to the;fcontrarywere unfair, untrue and discouraging to the patient, faithful workers Wad. all over d, hesitation and delay in making a leigh's behalf his cf reporfcDh" committed was that llv h6 QcbIdsbt flni respeclabl e "argument against it, though ho sought for it diligently. As It stands, it Is so altogether frivolous anIncd'nklstent that she asked him to 'or-- , der kmilliSn;' copies printed that the iriends sembled. ! the-lan- Sho-said-Senat- or ec . and ; - f 5 . : "Whereas, The acknowledged errors, discrepancies and incompleteness of the ninth census render it an unsatisfactory and unreliable record of the population, wealth, industry: and physical, mental and moral condition of the American people, and, "Whereas, Tho home and woman as a Housekeeper have no place in the report, cnly.the occu pat ions ealled 'gainful being noted, and more than twelve millions, of American women being overlooked as lau borers, or producers, are lefiout in with those pursuing dfsroputablo employments, and not even Ihcidentaljy named as in any wise' affecting "the causes of Incom-mo- crease of decrease of population or wealth, . and, "Whereas, Gro33 errors In enumerating the: births, ages, diseases, arjcj deaths of ; fellow-boarder- ,. - - "Whereas, There is obvious .justice and. propriety in the employment of intelligent women to collect vital statistics concerning womeii ana emia re n; t herefore" "We pray your Honorable body in enacting a law providing for 1 he, taking of the Tenth census to make provision for the more careful and just enumeration of women as laborers and producer;; .for a record of the wages of men arid women in all occupations; for a record of causes of pauper, ism, vagrancy, vice, crime, insanity, idiocy, the blindness, deformity and diseasef-foa enenumeration of all tnen nowomeh gaged n disreputable occu pat Ions; for full statistics concerning all reformatory institutions; and "We further pray that you will enact such laws, or amendments, as may be requisite to secure the. employment of a fair ratio of suitable women as collectors of the . r i 5 Centennial census. Kate M. . - Daqqet, President of Associa-tio- n for Advancement of Women. Secrfitary, Mass Mary. (Eastmait, Y. Wolcqtt, j Treasu f erHEKiTTa Mass." , Auditors, VicePresidents, and Directors number many ladies of distinction from, various states, some of the most earnest and devoted writers and workers In all that, is elevating and calculated to benefit men ahd women. We noticed the names of Abby W. May, cJarah Andrews "Spencer, Antoinnette Brown Blackwell, Elizabeth K. Churchill, Prof. Rachel L. Bodily.' For tbo Expomevt. FOR MOTHERS. "Young ladies of the present day are not so good as their mothers were when they were girls." This and many other similar remarks aro often made by both men and women. Permit me to ask one question Where does the fault, lie? True, there are outside influences Which havo their effect upon the minds of theyoung, but I think that if mothers started In time to give their daughters the training that Mormon, girls should would not have, that the girls of only be as good, but a great deal better than the girls of any other period. What are you Mormon mothers thinking of when you let day after day pass without ever offering a word of prayer tip. to that God who gave you your children j who you say are dearer to you than your own1 lifo (excuse me, but I sometimes uoub't it), to thank Him for all His tended tifetcies,' and to ask His blessings to rest upon you, to guide you in all your labors? How many of you itake your little one3 at and teach them to call upon our Heavenly; Father to bless them, and to - imlh And t .1 i t i i guiuo mem in iae paiua. omuvc ';' . virtue? ; .: :u If you do it, iay GoMess, you in vour can labors, and. Ho will. Jfyoi do .not, you with a dear, conscience,.' any time, call for the blessings of tfte Father lowest upon you and yours?, Cauirbu, wlen your little ones are sick unt6;deatH; expect Goa to spare them, asou term jtt, Heiwilun His mercy take them 'frqm ' you, .for tney were choice fldwets, entrusted to, your care, to-da- f cast :for natural barriers in tho way of men as col-ltors of social and vital . statistics, who frequently obtain information, in the language of the report, from 'fathers, nurses, s servants, and unsympathetic bed-tim- y e, a t - , " 