there. We have no timo to sparo in none sense or: frivolity, but let us be of one heart and one mind; and seek' to do all the good we can while we live upon the earth, that whenojirjinie Lconies to - go, wjshall have nothing to fear, but all will be peace. Lot "useekreaclrother's interest and welfare the: clothes made by our owu hands, thus showing our faith by our works. "We know that we are in advance of the women of the world, and they know that we are superior to them in many respects. Let us speak well of each other, and pray for each other, and bear each others bur. dens. We take. withsthToughont-ete- r nity the improvement we make in our minds. There is nothing that gives us the same satisfaction as heavenly things; we have no sorrow only for sin, ands there is in the gospel a healing balm for every wound. The reports of the sisters from the various settlements were interesting and satisfactory, all manifesting their willingness and anxiety to do all in their power for tire furtherance of silk culture, also bore faith-m- i testimonies to the principles of life and salvation. Altogether ; the meeting was both pleasing and profitable. The spirit of the Lord pievailed and all felt benefitted and blest in coming together. Mrs. Young announced that Miss AT. A. , Rockwood would take pupils to learn reeling and twisting of silk, for $5,00 each. On motion of Jtlrs. Hindley tne meeting ' .. adjourned until July next. Mrs. Mary Hindley, Pre3't. Mrs. Emma Featherstone, Sec'y ,. -- ? by-wear- ing naturet-no- t -- so 'Thoreau. the starssingswith - the bea3ts of the field,, the fowls of the air, and the fishes of the sea ? No; to him all nature and nature's i a companion, a loving voice, a sympathizing, soul. "Consider 1he lilies of the field, theyj; toil riot, i) neither: dp they spin, and yet I say unto you that even Solomon in all his glory was not arrayed ii ke ne-o- f H hese.J Nvn ee ullyl realized the truth and beauty of this passage than "Thoreau.- - He'had what he would have .found in human society, companions as God" made them and not as society fashioned them. .. Here at Walden his life was simple and philosophic in the extreme; his bean field supplied the place of the cabbage patch of Cincinnatus. we deem this Indeed most portion of his life poetical and was not that Of a melancholic and misanthrope; Well has he earned the appellation of He was a poet after the model, of, Sidney and Mill. All that we can say of bis life during these years of solitude is that it was such as might have been the envy of the angels. His Ideas of government, were preemi-ne- n tly republican ; and yet he greatly deprecated the evils of republican insti tutions. His i deal of a society would have been to have had a primitive equality,- a society like that of the Village of Grand Pre, where "the richest were poor, and the poorest lived in abundance." . Certainly this is an ideal that is most desirable, but too Utopian for actual realization. Man wants no equality , unless it betters his condition. They will cry equality who have nothing to lose, everything to gain.' Observation teaches us that there Is: orilyl one jsociety and one country where is absolute equality that society is the dead,, that country the grave. Mr. Pago has done a service to the memory of Thoreau, though hia book Is not all we could have wished." "We think he has refuted, and fully, the assertion of Mr. Alger, that Thoreau was an 5 egotist and Thoreau orify found within himself a centre from which all ,his ideas radiated, and which returned again ta that centred ::Manf8n6wre'dge T'of mankind will always be and onlyibe cornmensurate. with the knowledge of his personal self. Thoreau sleeps in his own beloved Concord, where he was laid by distinguished and loving friends. May we some day visit thi3 birth-placand homeof so much ! American genius. fH TsV?n';'-J- l V' We hope some day that we 'shall be fov- ored with a life and the letters of Thoreau. , which poor -- ' den man less, but that he loved nature more.", He absented himself from man and his occupations that he might know him better, and not because he loved not man and his self-prais- : n. primi-tivene- ss v RELI EF SOCI ETY QUARTERLY FERENCE. , 1 1 m. After the reports were read and the conference ElderiiEra&tuaiBnow ad- dressed the sisters upon the important duties and responsibiiities resting upon the women of Israel. Exhorted them to be mindfnl of vthe poor, the sick- and the aged, to minister, to them in a loving and tender manner; to search out the noor in their retie&tive dlstrfftts and hA careful that bone were leff to suhTer. Hi I in structions were excellent arid he blessed the df Miss Snow spoke elcqueritly upon. the mission of women in the Latter days and of the power given to the saints and the advantages they of the world: enjoyed btvond iho women . r it puKo oi me uegiecd mere naa Deen in times past in the spiritual cultivation of the young; of the first orgariizaiions of the girls, and The opposition they had to meet, of the great benefits which had resulted already from these as- sociaiions, or me mnuence ror good tne young t- '..- ' 1 girls could exercise' in the community;"7 Exhorted the sisters to renewed diligence and faithfulness, spoke upbnu Celestial Marriage, the glorious anticipations ' of those who embraced and lived in it In nuritv and honored it: of home i ndU8trje8fVericuiture,straw-wor- k and Of Otner branenes. IbA Rforincr nf wheat hv (Kn sbters, and the many subjects of the present day which makVuD the sum of woman's work of benevolence, improvement etc., in the kingdom of God. President Peery expressed his approbation with the movements of the sisters and encouraged them to go on in well doling. President Jane a, Richards made a few appropriate remarks. Each society was then called by Pres't Ptfery's suggestion to be represented through Its president or some other officer. Mrs, Adeline Belknap, Hooper; Mrs. Melissa ShlrtllH, Harris vllle; Mrs.; Mary Farr Monnd's Fort; Mh C. M. .Lund, Huntsville- Mm. jiartna iiingnam, Klverdale; Mrs. Mary iub, Diuieryme, . mrs, Ann litckington, Lynne and Harriot; Mrs. Emily Shirtl Iff, Plain CON-...- .. -.- X- - : e, r - j m- ill thft VHrlnna HAttlAmAnfjj thnrnno-hlTnnnll fled to atteud to the sick,especialiy women and children.; S4da we have now in SajtLak? City, ladies who have graduated and are prepared to teach others they are women of 3od, and it is buvu if uuivu r uu buvuiu uiiuis let &LklKHi tuq er. We had the .pleasure tof attend! og the Con ftrence htld by the sisters of Weber CountyT" in Ogden at the Tabernacle, on ThursdayMay 2nd, commencing at 10 o'clock a, m., and 2 o'clock ; p. m. ' The congregation was vejy large,' the weather was 'fine, and air things; combined to render the meetlngrvery eatisfac-- i tory. President Peny and others of the Jocal authorities of that Stake of Zion w re present, also Elder Erastus Snow of the Quorum of the Apostles. The complete organization of the w w permanent gian oi me sua iaiBiog. coe spoKe impressively upon the subject of women physicians, the jgreat need of having women Thoreau; His Life arid Alms, a study. V" vA"nH- : byH- A. iago. - $119.99 j. seri-tuitur- - . j -- e , 1 ing to build up Zion.5 In the afternoon Mrs. Zina Di Young was theifirfet jspeaker; Mrs.i ot what had been, Young spoke of done, and future prospects; entreated: the sisters to use their utmost influence to make a ' their lakes "not that he loved -- - - Thoreau's life' was in many respects a strange one. If! his" life were a strange one, was it an exception to what life in general is? It was and It was not. In t this strange and mysterious consciousness railed life, the potent and,all pervading fact of it is that it is. Thoreau's life was an exception to the common experience in so much that ho steered its course out of the ordinary; and he .befook himself to" the S170.I3onatedtOF thevTemole usTness-tratjsact6- "poet-naturalist- ." THOREAU. !. 1 1 yef-mor- aJf at-Wal- showed that since the last Quarterly tprs r t r a a amouuLa. j sua ones j t 2zuu lutai am nun ti in iz. lolsi i , j. yix.ou ?i ii in rnrnnpnv.' .tIT'?"" i cb ' V mppnnir Q A , For the Expoxejt t. In the universe man stands alone; he may find in others a sympathy of Ideas and feelings, and yet he must gaze upon his fellow man as a part of an incomprehensible uni verse,the universe ot himself and his mind ' the thought suggests itself to him, am I a part of the universe, or Is the universe a part of me? A question unknown and un. knowable. This is what Thoreau must have thought and felt when ho retired to Wal-dc- .;":'.::.- , He went here; as he himseif says, 6 live one of his lives, and that he might the better meet and master the new lives to come. He did not despise the revoiutioniz. ing improvements and advancements of nineteenth century progress. The ; whistle was to. him noUhe death-- ; of cry beauty and of nature in its before man began his of all for gain, but was rather despoliation the merry laugh of a conscious being bringing comfort ' J?. whoneed'eil, loving - friends and faithful hands to those who mourned. this he is the opposite of Husk in with In his Scotch lakes and Highland-delis- . Ruskin ad"-f civilization th? an uni. vp?Jf onslaught upon the beauty and bar- - f - .. woods and Relief Society of that county was .effected by electing MrsSamhrHerricksnd MrsHattie Brown Counselors to Mii.;' Jane , 8. Richards, "MfsTA.. M.7Frodshaas$ Josephine West Corresponding j Secretary, Quarterly reports from all the branches of the Thor - eau seesrman expanding his nature,"and d unknown, a rid illirriltablo power 7 that is within him. Although he UvckT alone he was no her,, mit Is lie a hermif who communes with; mony-o- I .1 a fain mAI... tCf Odrh orvl7 1 i hi : v testimony to the GopeL! Mrs. Einilv 8. Rich ,'ards, President of the Y. L. M.I. A of Ogden City, made a few most excerient remarks ex- r pressing her great desire to" be useful, and her interest In the sphitual progress of the young; she also spoke 0 t he home industries and her .willinguess to as.-i- in their establishment ' The conference 'was adjourned for three months, until the first Thursday in August. These Conferences of the Sisters arecalculaU -- st 