WO 12 Editor. In Salt Lake City, Utah. PabUsbed Terms: One cop one year, 13.00; one copy six months, 1.00. Ten copies for the price of nine. , Advertising spacer a rateei "EwhiqaarlS 1H of acml-monthl- y,' ipurell laboI time, Ia 7 ; ; a ; . !;rv regular advertisers. Exixwent.OCke, corner of South .Temple, , and First East sti eets, opposite Eagle Gate. Business hours from 10 aTmrtoSnuerery day except Sunday. ;! v f , Address all business communications to - , 1 1 - Publisher Woman's Expohkxt, '.....:,,; ; 8alt Lake City, Utah. . SALT LAKE CITY, JUNE 15, 1878. OLD FOLKS EXCURSION. The excursion of the old folks from this city, Ogden took place on Tuesday, June 11, and was a most interesting event. We most heart- r ily commend those who first conceived the idea of giving the old folks an out orthis kind. The aged should always be looked upon with esteem and respect, and any lack of cour- tesy to a person in years should never be coun- teuanccd; and the, strong and vigorous ought to be ever ready to lend a helping hand to contribute to their- - enjoyment. Life is . serious, but human nature makes many requisitions of men and women, with jta peculiar characteristics, and people are sometimes neglectful of affording seasonable recreation for those past mlddle.Hfe And the fActs in this case prove that among this people the aged and infirm are not forgotten. Everything lor the comfort of the party had been previously arranged systematically by the committee, Biehop Edward Hunter, Elders C. R. Savage and George Goddard, with tbo assistance of Superintendent John Sharp. President John Taylor, Elders Wilford Woodruff and Joseph R Smith, of the Apostle?, Presiding Bishop Hunter, with many ofthe Biahops of the wards and other bre.h-re- n accompanied the party. There were thirteen cars loaded, and a happier company could scarcely be found. The "Tenth Ward brass; band played at each station by the war, and other old people came aboard at each of the stopping; places. Everything that could add to the enjoyment of the party seemed to have been thought of by the kindly and discreet cpmmittfe.:: Cakes and candies with some .ex?..." cellent lemonade were passed through the cars freely to all, and a general good feeling was manifested. The Seventh Ward Glee Club, with Elder George Goddard, tang in each car l some appropriate and lively songs. Arrived at Ogden, a committee were in. waiting to give the company a welcome reception; the Ogden brass band was playing delightfully; a party of little girls dressed in white presented bouquets to the most aged, and teams were in waiting to take the entire company to the Grove, where all needful preparations had been made to make every one comfortable. Tables wereready and stoves set up, so that those who - wished could have tea" or cbflce prepared for them , and blooming joung girls wen there to render any assistance to the old people. The grove was simply delightful, with Its heavy foliage overhead for shade, and green grass un- derneath for carpeting, and the suuthine, subdued and mild as it slantingly gleamed between the. boughs of the venerable trees, lent a glow-rin- g radiance to the scene, and lit up the smilcountenances of those who met there uning der such peculiar circumstances.- - Friends long parted clapcd bands once more, dear acquaint 1 1 ; PO N EN Tv BX ances renewed their former afsociations for a moment, and greetings of those who may; never metagain this side the vail were interchanged." 40 it was wonderful," Was this great grove full, And all hearts were; brimful Of a bliss that was joyful. President Peery and his counselors, Elder Fanklln B. Richards, Mayor Fair, and many others used their utmost endeavors to make the occasion a happy ne X mbre quaint and curious spectacle was never present ed than this grove scene, with the old folks and their picnic in little groups THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. EHMEU5K B M A N S here and there, eating, talking and laughing.; JAfter-th-e refreshments iJiadJ?een partaken of. by all, the company; was called to order by Eider George Goddard, and they sang "Come let us anew," &c. T Elder L. W. Hancock offered pray tr, and the fanous singers,, the Iialiau brothef s, gave a song in tneir, own language. Then prizes were distributed, first to the oldot persons present; the firsts one being awarded to Catherine Wilson, 96y ears old, born in Wales. This old lady diove a team - across tb e plains, through the rivers, over steep mountain 'parses in 1848. The second prize was given to Willian Wild, 05, born in Northamptonshire, England, The next prizes were to the oldest persons who had drawn a handcart over the plains, and the next prizes were to old ladles who had borne the largest number of children. Ann Moss had ' been married 50 years, arid had borne twenty one children; Sarah Haslam had borne twenty children; and ElizVbetii Taylor had borne fourtem:: and children, arid had 600 disd children. Other prizes were great-granuntributed, some to ladies who had yoked their own cattle and driven them acros the plains, and for several other extraordtnary occurrences and so forth. Songs were sung by oM gentlemen and ladies, fbot races were run; jigs danced, and a variety of Incidental impromptus filled up the time. Mutic by the bands followed, and after that speeches from th stand, while the audience listened in rapt awe and rolemnity to hear the words of the men of God as tbey addressed them on this memorable occasion. Mayor Farr, of Ogden, was the first speaker-- he welcomed them one, and all of every class and creel to Ogden, thanked them for their and company,' felt honored with' their ; invoked blessings upon their heads. ' Bishop Hunter said he should be destitute of human feeling if he were not grateful to all who had aided in this agreeable excursion. Belated his experience in coming to Ogden the first time, and Incidents which transpired by the way, when there was only one white man there in the first settlement of this Territory. Told the people he should be 85 years old on the 22d day of this month and was hale and hearty. Said he remembered welLthe day when Washington was buried the gloom that rested upon the people, what kind of a day it was, and many things connected with, it, and said he expected to stay a little longer on the earth. He blessed the old folks and all who had aided in the excursion. Elder Woodruff said he bad met on that occa -- slon fomex)f those with whom he had traveled up to ZionV Camp, some of the Pioneers, and some of the Mormon Battalion, and be did not believe such an assembly as this could be gathered in any other part of the world. ,..' President Jonn Taj lor expressed himself blessed in meeting his friend; said the j.y of the Gospel did not diminish with agi. While we trusted iu the Almighty He would never forsake us tior our children, but this work would roll on, and living or. dying all was well; ZIon would be built up Wd arise and Mer-iioneu-hi- . graud-childre- rr " vit-it- , ' , , -- 1 re, "hine. He blessed the lathers and mothers in Israel, and all present; Iti the name of Jesus. Elder CR- - Savage then returnecLthanks 0 all who had contributed to make the orcadon - j& pleasant one. j i!b5Wl)688ible7bxit iriperfitorderfthe people were conveyed to the depot, and soon all were on board tho train, the' band playing -- 'Homeward wle aflairaeil Bound.T off pacfully;2and. alunlverear The jOU pleasant, for .'a smile of: contentment and satisfaction beamed on every face, and no acciden t or incident bad occurred to mar the Tiappinefs prevailed. cTUieoio membered an occasion replete- - with setii ments of the most lofty character, and must inspire in the hearts, of evefy participator, emotions of kindlinets and a feeling to honor the aged and infirm.. Let us all : enco urage in our children adesire tto extend every courtesy to thoFe who are declining in years, and honor their grey hairs. ... God bless tne Old Folk. , HOME AFFAIRS. . Among items we areuna letp publish in this issue are Society Reports fr ra South Jordan, West Portage, Toquerville, Tooele, Eg. Bountiful, Kanab, Payon, Franklin, Mendon, Spring City,and also other articles, We are compel led to state again that we do not publish obituary poems, but occasionally a verse or tvrb when we can do so consistently On the 17th of May, in company with Mr?. Zina D Young, we visited South Cottonwood Relief Society. The day was a stormy one, and was a hindrance, no doubt, to a full attendance, but the meeting was nevertheless an excellent one. The annual report was read, which reflected great credit on the sis' ere. This society have a lot of their own sawn with wheat, and it is looking very well indeed. We Earned that the Mutual Improvement A&o. ciaticri was in good condition. We. had a pleasant' time wih the sisters, 'brVakfastd with Mrs. Lucy.BuUockj and Uok dinner with Mrs. Cahooo, President of the Society; on bur way home visited the Germauia SmeHii'g , . . ..,' Works. .:.V-J- .i::M;-'.- '." On Thursday, June 6, we attended, In company wittTMis-- Ei R. Snow, the Relief Society Meeting of the Second Ward. The meeting was presided over with dignity by Mis. Sarah Wheeler; the minutes were excellent, and showed the energy andac ivity of the sisters in the labors of the kingdom. There was a goodly attendance and a full and free flow of the Spirit of God. The remarks made by the sisters were earnest, strong and practical. Miss Snow spoke impressively to the youDg the upon Celestial Marriage, e nd urged upon young people the necessity of entering into these holy covenants; exhorted them above all things to hold tbia principle sacred, and never upon any- tccount speak evil of it. A'tfrr meeting the officers of the Society and invittd guests repaired to Br. Leek's residence and partook of a sumptuous repast. s , , ; - ; closed fbriUe jear on Friday, June 7.. The; exercises were enter oi taining, and showed the advanced progriss the institution. Pres. John Taylor, Profeesois Lewis and Riggs-ElderJoseph F.. Smith, DxvUl McKenzie, Wm. Jennings, George Rey uolda, C. W. Stay ner, James Dwyer and some others. were presents by invitation. Br. Parfe Ithe names cf principal of tho school,-reathose who had been awarded certificates in the formal course: and the gradutaeW In the Aca TiiitDeseret University s d -- 