WOMA N'S EXP 0 NE NT. 170 joCthisjWard. OurjSocIety was organized on the 8th of January, 1878. The Sisters met pursuant to the call of Bishop Stuart, who, in company, with Elders McKInnon and Rex, met with the sisters. The Bishof the stated the op object meeting, and e followin th namesLbrl g presented officers, iw.hietwero unanimously;sustained. by the sisters: ..Jane JJf oughTPfesident. .' " ) Counselor Agnes Smith, Rebecca Quinney. West Jobdan, March 13th, 1878. A' .. t Editor Exponent: Beport of the Young Ladies M. I. A., of .; this ward; since 1 its organization by -- Sister Eliza K. Snow, Feb 7th, 1878. Officers- :2ZMissjeiUa Gardner, President Marinda JUateman, - Mary7ATC6opei7 Polly X Egbert,' Counselors, ; i ;Anh 'jAugustinb McMinn; "Assistant Becrefary. .- tt-- ameruu. irensiirer. pi- "r:ucaucuo The young ladies responded to the call of the Bishop to organize, and thirty enrolled their names as members. Elders McKin-no- n and Rex addressed. theio meeting, and gave much good instruction; to the young sisters. President Jane -- Brought and- - her Counselors also made a few remarks! to the sisters and encouraged them to press onward in .well doing. A collection was en. up to defray of procuring for the use of the pooks, stationery, .etc., A .tp f 1 : ? " : maw Xours,: etc.; tEwzabetii, CuTiEB, Sety. On Wednesday, March 20tfi, 1878, a .spe' cial meeting of the Young .Ladies' Re. trenchineht Association of the 20th Ward, (this city) was held in the Ward School House. Sisters E. R. Snow, Z. D. Young, M. I. Home and a number of other ladies were present by invitation, also President Joseph Young and other brethren, by whom much t valuable instruction and en- On motion of "'turagement Sister Sqo a 'unanimous vote was taken to change tho name of our Society to Mu0 -- t" . EpZTOBExPNET; at Ameetinwas ;. v held to-da- y, April 3, 1878. ; ,: o'clock K to, for the purpose' of effecting an organization oLthe Relief Soci etyof. this county.; p There i were present, on 11 A Wm; R.i: Smith' was. elected Chairman, and Mrs. Juncy.;A. XIark," Secretary, after ; :whchlthei JoBowing officers Iwere elected ' -U6r- -1 by; unanimous jvote t ; Mrs.' .Sarah LsHolincs, President r;Vi HMary, Clarke , ) x di a ERIchards, Secretary. .vlU-LUCY- 'Ai : CLABK . :;::t; ; Randolph; March 26th, ' ' Editoe Exponent: ' . I send yon a few Ma-tu- . : : . words from the Young - Xadlesif Mutual Improvement l Association : pros-pero- us . king-,dor- i ar i , have;iiveo:, andiidied .with9.ujben.eAitiDg those; with v wthom I .;the,y ar.e connected. Mean while, Jiavo. theyiet anyilmpression? Yes, sthey certainly bayef And Ma Is, that they Jet tne gPldejdi. opportunity preflJousitlnjeLgq bywthoutideve,loping tbose inherent gein ) ; Sisters, ; woTth an,4 richness, fWJifthAhe iOgtd.pf. henrvenjinpiant.edjWilhin their .souls . to , teauify and elevate imprtal-ity.- aj yetA-daygiaeoxigrq- letps-wioillMy- e, w.have nin WarnibynthoaowhOjfcejregreed ifl fJJriyteimQmfintSvtot ith?y faith to f strlyej e3. .do;some goodi to help ou? eilpwreatures, Uyfitlettes.Uvev, sociation. - us awake from thir siothfujness, and see what we can 'do, by ' faith and prayer and active work, In the line of our duty; bury not in tho caith tho .faculties assigned ni to improve upon, but trusting, in the power of Qod, who ba promised to sustain all those who strlvoin humility and meekness to ;keep. His. commandments. Let us come orward and do our.duty, heedless of critlqiam. :Da not let; us. content ourselves wun ine laeaanat our help is pot .necessary, that .we Aave!no;ibility, or Ment,i'that can be otjaoymyiceiin lolling; forth the pfiiGod. . Hqw? many .women have thoagbtc they vhad. no inflneuce, tljat their words and: idea iwere inof i 9 tispcient ,con- sequence; .to make or imar jajioter's happiness, or ;that ;tbeywee capable, .of helping tor.establish hoso.jprinejplesVof' truth re: veaiedifrpm; heaven In these last days; who ; . 1878; al p, IJawlcy, Assistant Secretary. Christina Larsen Treasurer i1 Jr: ' ;Marth Woolley, Assistant Treasurer. ' ' Since pur re organization the Society has been In a prosperous ' condition. We hold' o.ur meelipgs every Monday evening, with an average attendance of twenty-five members, and on, the first Thursday in every .month we meet in Joint meeting with the Y. M;,M.l. A. At.these meetings, in addition ' to tho usual , exercises, a paper la read, called .the "Young Folks' Advocate," which is edited by a member oileack.. As- in: to Jose, in ;doing ters organized a Toung .Ladies' Improvement Associatibn. S Our Bish-oJohn T. Hart, andr his First Counselor, James F. Hunter, "were present at our meeting, and gave.; us some very yaluable in. structions upon being unitedrhome industry, and to let bur clothing bo the workmanship of bur own hands, and not follow after the fashions of Babylon. Sisters, let ; The paper, has proved to be a very interesting feature of these It contains instructive ' essays on meetings. religious subjects, education, etc, wit and humor, local items and advertisements. FinanciaUy our (Association is ina coiidiUon for 'so small an organiza As . 4 -i- rrealize tbat wq utshouldijo'dfj Ai, Winters, Secretary. n. S. E. - the:stand Wm;iLSmith,Tro3ideat of. this .i.Stake tot iZonf:and his j Counselors, CI Lay-ton; and: A. Calljv also Miss E. R. Snow and ; cthe Pxesidenta i of reach . of the branches i of .' the Relief Society of this county. ' should good and : helping to hnlld up: theT kingdom of God. AVe aret doing veryv.well In this part of theyiheyardof G fifty bushels :oif ; wheat etore4 away against a .We ha ve got ihe young sisday of need Elizabeth Tborno Eleanor j. Haves. -i Miss Minerva t;:vi liU:xx .ill us, . commencing ;nIsrael, there are great responsibilities resting upon ' Margaret Walker, President. Pauline K. Brown, Pella I. Winters, Fannie E. Stuart, Cordelia Thome, Counselors. FauminGton, PaSus Co., ; - It wake up and be aliyo! to ow duties. March 20, 1878. . - as sisteis and;;mbthers We have long intended to send you a report of our Young Ladies' Mutual Improvement Association, but have neglected to do so until now. Oar Association was organized In 1870, under the name of the Young Ladies' Retrenchment Association. In 1873 wo were reorganized, and some changes were made in the officers. The following are the off" icers now acting; ; the So , uemg much interested in the work now in progress among the sisters; and also a reader of the .TOT,1; wpuid ; like to say a few words through its columns to all its numerous readers, ii tlmo that we, es Editor Exponent: ciety repaired to ihe "residence of Brother and Sister C. W. Stayner, where a most U enjoyable repast was :gaftakeri of. : ;t ttos. SAhAn Howard, President, Mrss'SELtNA Sabine, Secretary; - Editor Exponent: Pleasant Grove, Utah, -- . WOMAN'S VOICE.; -- thq-'elos- . .the-expens- MarQabex WALKERPresIdent i . J an EBitouan, President, Annie Giiristiansen, 3ecv tual ImproWcffltiCssbatloni 0At of ite ee'tingwhlch was In all;!xespect3rla very excellent , one, the ? - Society. Since pur organization wo have met weekly, and a great desire is manifest among tho young sisters, to Improve the talents which god has' blessed them with, and we are increasing in numbers and good Mpx&.iSy& hold two general .meeting .for testimonyj etc., and- - then one working meeting, where the young sisters are taught useful branches of industry. Ever praying for the welfare of the daughters of Zion, we remain your sisters - , in the Gospel, - y ' " . ; .itu.: v- . - 'vhifo;a over and above all expenses. We have now in the Treasury $33.25. Wishing yousuccesiwe remain yourg : PTT very respectfully; '' ! l n . Ellen Jensen, Adeline William?, tt Elizabeth Cutler, Secretary, ; H Rebecca Cutler, Assistant Secretary, Elizabeth Cooper. Treasurer. ;C 7 Wei meet once a ,week. '.The number of : 'members in our association1 is 8 1 and all ' seem to enjoy the spirit of the LordJ in our meetings.: They attend punctually and do whatever they are called upon to do, We ' have a paper ' edited every week which is u interesting and instructive Jo all.WjeLalsp have select readings, 'recitations etc Our 'hope and prayers are that we may increase and not decrease and that we may help the great work along. Some of the sisters of U the belief give usL Bocietylsitusand will We t; close, good instructions; very by i i fishing ii tbo t Exponent success, wo re. ' We have donated $l4t2Q to theTeni pie, nearly all of which was the proceeds of our own labor. And-iconjunction with tho Young Men's Association we are forming a joint library. It contains about one hundred volumes now, ' and additions are constantly being niade. On tho 16th inst. we gave an: entertain, ment for. the benefit of .the,. Association tion. .embracini yrithin icto dead Jori.tfeiS; rgrpspe llyipi:and great :ojie:.oHhe .t9re.,.Qf(ou,TiitE:that wo ican. minuter r:for tosq whQavq not bpen fayored sANcfci P. Haet. ; as.we have -- : 9f-.Mo- d jp,Ca, ,:Al.n;a, .Wober arch2,aS7fj .. 