22 W O MAN7 S It, S. REPORTS. was read showing creditable marks of Kanosh, May 21st, Editor Exponent:' 1878. - I J)clicve tho organization of the Y. L. M. 1. A. has never been published in your interesting paper, and not wishing to bo more backward in a good cause than our sisters in tho neighboring settlements, I will endcaVor to glvo a correct report of the organization of our Association which was effected Jan. 2nd, 1878, according to the instructions previously given by Mrs, .Zinft..l). Young. A meeting was called by the President of "the Relief Society, Adelia Kimball, several, members of the society were present, also Bishop King L. Leavitt, C. It. Hakes, and soveral others of the brethren who attended by invitation. tion wore accepted as such by a unanimous vote of those present, and ordained and set apart to fill their positions as 'follows: Emily A, Crane, President, Florence D. Leavitt, ") Jane Whatcott Arietta Hopkins, . ri J ) 0 . . Salina Gay, Treasurer, Emily Barney, Superintendent. We publish a paper called the "Echo of Union," our meetings are interesting and well attended; we have certainly derived much good therefrom, and there is a feeling of love and unity among the young sis ters that was. never experienced before the existence of our Association, and we feel to bless the happy day of its organization. Praying God to crown all our good designs abundantly with success, I am your sister, Emily A. Qrane. Franklin Gitv, May 20, 1878. Editor Exponent: Somo timo has elapsed sinco the readers your esteemed paper have heard from this place. We are trying to do what wo can to build up Zion. We have had a very pleasant visit from Sisters Eliza It. Son w and E. Davis. It is tho first time that Sister Eliza ever came. to this place, and we feel thankful for tho good instructions she gave us. We held two meetings while -- May success v attend its efforts to advance tlTocMseof righteousness, is the desire of your sisters. Sarah Ann' Spilsbury, Pres't. Elizabeth M. Klienman, Sec'y. Editor Exponent: I must send you a few lines about our so- cieties as there has been no report of late. Our Relief Society is in a flourishing condition, a good spirit prevails. andour breth- ren take quite an interest in our welfare, visiting our meetings each month. Money is scarce at this place, but we do the best we can under the circumstances. The young ladies' Association is also in a good condition; they meet with the young men's Society every Sunday evening at 5 o'clock, and take turns in presiding; many of the elderly brethren and sisters also meet with them. I think these societies are the best institutions that could be established for the improvement of both young and old; I myself am very much interested in them. Everything is looking splendid in Tooele, wo have had such beautiful rains. If things turn out as the present prospects indicate, we will have an abundant harvest this season; and I hope we will be able to lay up more wheat in the granary than we did last year. Our President has been reminding the sisters that election day is drawing near and to be prepared for tho same. The Exponent is a welcome messenger to all Who take it. May God bless us in all our efforts in doing good, is the prayer of your humble sis- ter, ot they were hero, one with tho Relief Society, and oho with the young ladies in the evening. Wishing the Exponent success, I main your sister in the Gospel, - re- S. M. 4 T(Vquerville, May, 29, Editor Exponent; 1$7S. Thinking a few lines from our Y. L. M. I. Association would be interesting to your many readers,'! venture a brief report; wo have thirty.six members enrolled, and have a very good attendanccj'we meet for working, andweekly semi' for monthly instruction, and edit a paper entitled "Tho Young Ladies' Advocate." Our former President was called away to Sarah Ann Arizona, was appointed as President. We Spilsbury 'held our annual meeting April. 18th and after the usual exercises tho report for tho last year semi-month- ly and-Mrs- . in quilted a quilt and pre some straw tor braidiug, and made a couple of tidies, and had a picnic during the day, and at night gave a ball for the benefit of tho Association; the evening was a most enjoyable one, the time was spent in dancing and a dialogue was recited by fourteen of the yoiing ladies, we also had singing. Wo have a quantity of straw and purpose making all our own hats this season, and nlso various kinds of embroidery. We, in unison with the daughters of Zion, take sincere pleasure in reading the Expo, nent, and gratefully acknowledge the We dustry. The officers of the Improvement Associa- Alice Itappleye, Ann E. Leavitt, Mary Jane Abraham, Dianah Radford EXPON E N T. Ann Tate. . seri-cultur- e, ed great improvement siuro their organization. At 7 o'clock, p. m. the sisters addressed the Young Mens and Young Ladies Associations on the subject of Celestial Marriage, moral aud" spiritual culture, and refinement necessary for the society of holy beings.. . On Tuesday evening, they held another meeting; an attentive audience listened to Miss Snow's touching appeal to live pure and virtuous lives; a grent portion of the Holy Spirit rested upon both speaker and hearers, and tho instruction was replete with counsel and blessings to the Saints, and a warning to the lukewarm. . Lucinda Hoskins, Pres't. Janet Heaton, Sec'y. South Jordan, May 22nd, Editor Exponent. 1878. The sisters in this, ward feel desirous to do alt in their power for the furtherance of this great and glorious work, and in carrying out tho instructions of our late beloved President in storing grain. Wo have on hand one hundred bushels of wheat, one hundred and thirty-si- x head of sheep, and two shares In the West Jordan Woolen factory. We are trying to do all we can to build Temples und to build up the kingdom of God. We hold our meetings semimonthly when the teachers give in their reports; these, meetings are well attended, and the members seem desirous to do all the good they can; we desire to jimprove our talents and prepare ourselves for use. fulness in obedience to the commandments of God, for the building up of his kingdom, and promoting the welfare of Zion. Wishing success to your valuable paper, which we consider a blessing to all the sisters of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, we remain your sisters in Ann Holt, President, Emily G. Beckstead, cieties are doing to Assist in the establish, merit of the kingdom of God, I venture to write you a brief report of our progress in this part of the Lord's vineyard. Our havedone a little towards carrying out the counsel of our departed President Biigham Young. We have in store about twenty, bushels of wheat, notwithstanding the destructive proclivities of tho grass, hoppers in takincr our entire ernn of whirh our depleted granaries bear evidence. But we hope through the blessing of God to be more successful this season as we havo a brighter prospect for raising grain, and the 3isters mean to prove their faith by their work in the harvest field. On Saturday, May 4th, our beloved Sis. tcrE. USnow, and K Davis, held three meeting with us. At 10, a. m., Sister Snow spoke on the practical duties of our holy religion, by sustaining home-indu- s etc. Mrs. Davis testified" tries, to the truth of Mia Snow's remarks and encouraged the Saints to sustain the Exponent, and nil Ohurrh works which would . Snow-address- the Gospel. West Portage, May 1G, 1878. Editor Exponemt: Feeling interested in the worfc tho so- So-cie- prove a lasting 'benefit to them. At 2 the Y. o'clock, p. m., Miss L. M. I. Association on tho necessity ot spiritual instruction to obtain a correct idea of our Father and God, and their responsi-bil- i ties, teach them to become good house keepers, and such home instructions as are suitable for the young to learn. Mrs. Davis said she perceived by the minuteswhich were read that the young sisters had made ) j Counselors. EmeUne Bills, Susan A. Blake, Secretary, Ellen Vincent, Treasurer. ty Report of the financial condition of tho Payson Relief Society, May 29, 1878. Total amount received since last report ...$227 45 Disbursed since last report. .......... j 107 Ot Tho Society owns property as follows: One city lot, improved.. ......... ......1$125 00 Six city lots, less Improved...:....... 280 00 One share in Parent Co op Store... .L 250 00 One sharo in Dairy Association , 31 72 One share in Branch p ....J. 41 15 Co-o- Cash Miscellaneous Property 131 bushels of Wheat. 1260 L 142 77 i. 100 50 Interest in tho publishing of the rork entitled "Women of Mor-mondom- ".. ...V. Total M. A 20 00 781 71 JTardv, Secretary. 