107 l - I crew ud. and read of the evil and was disgusted with vice. t There is no comparison between the heavenly principle of Celestial Marriage, that leads through the gates of the city of the New Jerusalem, and the infamous practices of the degraded, that lead to death and destruction, One is exalting, the other debasing. Polygamy schools a person (if rightly lived), until jealousy 'and envy are swept away from the heart, and a 'feeling of peace and love dwells therein' When eighteen, the revelation on Celestial Marriage had just been published. I read it, and my mind being 'already prepared, I readily believed it; but the princwas new, and troubled me. ipled sealing X clearly saw that if I did. not join the Saints Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-daI could not bo united with my husband through eternity, as I had fondly hoped- - I had previously thought pur. own vows for eternity, after marriage, would be binding. I saw that unless I believed the Gospel, my hepes were vain. I had wished to know what Mormonism was from curiosity, but this, the first principle I, received, set me to inquiring earnestly how to go to work to join the Church. I saw that this J 1 . ,,., , Busily working-- now swift , no w, slow,,., Busily plannlnir bow baby stall ffrof r wBusily thinking; while soft and loBaby is sweet, : -- Baby Is sweet, Sweetest blue eyes, And dimpled feet. Lovingly folding tbo muslins 3ow Lovingly kissing away each frown, Lovingly smoothing the tresses of brown, Baby la sweet, Baby is sweet, Sweetest blue eyes,-An, y d dimpled feetv ' Forgetting that time will swiftly fly, Forgetting that years will surely sweep by, Forgetting- that blossoms will sometimes die, - ' Fraying- so earnestly God's sweet smile, Praying with heart so free from guile, Praying 60 trustfully all the while -- i :.;:..Bweete6t31ue:eycs,;:::z;z:. ..,: And dimpled feet. Goodby, little mother with daintiest grace. Goodby, little baby with flow'ret face, Goodby, these words time cannot erase. . , Baby Is sweet, Baby is sweet, Sweetest blue eyes, And dimpled feet. . " POLYGAMY. ' .Ihaveen the Spirit of the Lord to guide my thoughts from my childhood. It was at that early period of by divine command of heaven of fearless consequences. Celestial Marriage, and Is on our side, might Icahnot Eight overcome it. Boldly, firmly let us obey this righteous law, arid let our enemies -howl; but the day will come, that if they do1 not repent it will bo "worse than.monoga-mwith men. As they have railed dgainst plurality and persecuted the Saints of the Most High God for believing in this holy ordeT; they will have no wife to keep them company in the dark region of despair. There they will see their error, but cannot rectify it. th e t Ime will be past. Bo not afraid "to enter into plural mar-riafor the LohI WiIl; provide for those who do His will add keep His commandments. It is honorable in all, and brings y e; JJieJiesing3if IhehetfjolOsoMdlejil ones, Emily B. Spencer. &t. George, No v. 10, my life I became a believer in polygamy. When about eight years old my' father gave me a Bible., and my mother told me to read it through, and believe it. I began to read, and my attention was drawn to the fact that men in those days had more wives than one, and that pod was not displeased with it. ' I wondered, and puzzled my childish brain for the' reason that men should have but one wife in the present ago of the world. I dared hot ask any one, for fear that-would get laugried at, but came to the conclusion that as Abraham, Jacob, David, Solomon, and others had more wives than one, and that they were good men and the Lord loved them; it was the natural order. But yhy it was changed was an 1 unsolved prbbjera, to be solved at somo future day. by th'6 truth being' revealed. I built many an air castle with a dear playmate, gathering in fancy, air the favorite girls, and saying that we would all have one husband and live together. Alas! for air castles! The last I heard of Mary she St nntnvfnfT derlrtg how wives.- - n olo I could itooanrlnnea believe in plurality of ' , ..- -. I believe' that children think more of getting married than most people surmise, u, . ami that ihn rpa enn vecx on eaArm V.. speak of it is that they are afrafd of a laugh and rebuke. When I was twelve years old the impression was made upon my mind that in'a few yean I would find out that the ancient .order of,, marriage would be ; established again. It always seemed right to me, ; . easy, and we shall be desirous that our husbandsshould obey this command of God, '" and reap a rich reward. Jealousy springs from a love of our own dearseLves, and wo look upon others as intruders, and by indulging in this miserable feeling repel the Jove which we might enjoy, and then imagine, much that does not exist, and make ourselves unhappy. Where jealousy creeps in between a husband and wife'the consequences are always unhappi-nes- s, and frequently blame Is attached to innocent ones when it is our own fault, by giving way to the hideou3 spirit of jealousy, that makes us unlovely and unlovable. Many a woman pines with grief at the ap. parent coldness of her husband, when the beam is to" her own eye and she cannot clearly see. The coldness Is in her manner and she can discern nothing but faults In her husband. Jealousy makes women act unwisely; it takes away the noblest faculties of the mind and plants unpleasant feelingsprompted by the Evil One, to bring destruction upon her. Prayer will overcome it, for the Lord will not suffer that .one who prays earnestIy7or.it8 "banishment shall suffer long the excruciating torment . of jealousy. . ' . 1878.;' THE QUESTION. Gospel was true, that it was from God, and I felt, not to delay the day.when I should com e i n to th e Church. I was told bap t i s m was the way. My liusbaiid had been investigating Mormonism, and' believed it, and we were baptized, and my joy was full. I believed then, as I know now, that this revelation on Celestial Mariage watf from the Lord, and I have been blessed In believing it. The outsiders say bur marriages are not marriages? but it is exactly the contrary. Their marriages - are only, binding until death, ours reach" into etejni ty, Ours are the only valid ones, solemnized by the auchildren the thority of the priesthood-bulegitimate children of the ;riew;and ever lasting covenant The great' cause of trouble In plurality is the selfishness of women. It is natural not to like to see another loved by the object of our "devotion. We are selfish and narrow-minde- d Jn this, and think of ourselves' alone, but if we open our hearts to the' Spirit of God we will overcome this spirit of1 evil) and if true lve exists in our hearts for our husbands the'burden will be ' ,totheJawa tGod, an4 wewrevealed The papers of late have been teeming pn Crusade. with doings of the Why all this fuss, all this ado, bout the Mormon women? What charitable act of Christian Indies kindness do these aro Utah of bestowing upori the thinlcthey wives and daughters of the Latter-day Saints? Are we serfs In a Republican gov- ernment, that we cannot have tho liberty of serving God according to the dictates of Dur own consciences? ;Or are we true-bor.loyal- American citizens, many of 3 reared uqder the flag of boasted freedom pand liberty, whose banner; we hajl with delight ,and respect? If we are, let us have,-thosrights, that wtq, claim:, and sae j yourselves u rther trouble concerning our welfare.: 'Ve love our husbands, we love our, .children, we love our homes, and last but not least we love our God, who nas preserved Anti-Mprm- - so-calle- d -- - n, - -' r blessed to have ' hear mv testimony that polygamy is true thai this principle Krai revealed from the heavens to bless both men and women, riind to crown tbera,wi(hrgloTy!ersecutors may persecute, laws may be made, but they will not prevail, for they are antagonistic i iFor the FxPoatNT. - . i -- - - - practices 'existing, my spirit abhorred evil Softer oronlnsr a lullaby songr. Boftly Rlngloff the whole toy Ions' mothef-Jov- e st roDff, Softly murm'rlnr, JJaby la street, . i J Uaby ii sweet, I, Sweetest blue eyest feet. Atid dimpled Baby Is sweet, Baby is sweet, ' . whiiAj as CRADLE SONG. Baby is swoet, Baby Is sweet, Sweetest blue eyes, And dimpled feet. J . e Us vncn 1h e sd-cAli- ,Ch fisf la n denon? I na- -; ed , lioris drove us from !bur W0st." " '' : : .'KqrestO'ilQ far Here the desert has jiden macite to blossom as the rose, homes5 have ben made 'for "saint and sinner; and now,' 'woman seems" to antagonize' woman :a sad' and ', ; "- , strange picture. understand I the character It bwoman, I would say'all that is ' pure,! virtuous and ennobling in Its nature are, or should be, 4ier characteristics. Then why should you charitable ladies seek to petition oSpression on a law-abidin- and g God-fearin- g people. Is there anything more unholy in celestial marriage where it is sacredly practisefrthau there was in the days-oformer Apostles, to be an' unGod Prophets, &c, believing: changeable .being, knowing that Ho is the - v f same yesterday,, ,an(l forever? I fail to see thie difference. I think it would be well for all who are ignorant, of the principles of Mormonism to examine with a pure and contrite spirit before they jump to-da- y at too hasty cpnclusions, " v 'As.;. wives " ; of ltto-iX- i ... jii i inM wo are ' satisfied with ourposition, and jlhink the 'i jDhrlstiau ladiejiof Utah coujd find a wider field; to labor in. J V they would look nearer home and help put' down some of the ' abominations tnat are practised, such as abortion; drunkenness, prostitution, tc. Wishing that 'all '.who seek the over throw of Mormonism' wilrpleas observe the Mor-- ; your own business. -mph CicedMInd r A MOKMOX WdJtA N. . 