HAVE COURAGE TO LIVE. J. TANNER BY MRS. M. Ilare courage, dear sisters have courage to live; Do each duty, and follow It well; There is oothinjr to us can such happiness give Ai to know we've not faltered, nor fell. It I cowards who shriek from the duties they owe, And pause on the highway of life, And wish to lie down, without credit or crown, To cease from their labor and strife Have courage il though your labors may show But little of profit, or gain: There's a higher tribunal to judge us, we know, And give a reward for our pain. to-to- Though life may be weary and sorrows may come, And hopes may be faded and crushed, . to the title of citizen. And as citizens represent the interests of the community in TFor the Eipoxk5T. 7 There's a light in the sky that will brighten the gloom, When the voice of mourning is hushed. Have courage, dear sisters, to flshttbe good fight, " That thy crown may be honestly won; Look not, in the strife, to the left or tbe right, But gallantly press your way oa. . There are laurel8 awaiting the good and the true, And our motto forever should be Not to dally, or falter, but lay on the altar Our Incense and offerings free. If our lives were all bright, and our hearts always guy, No credit nor honor were due, If our steps did not weary, nor lag by the way, But hopefully carried us through. nave courage to live 'till thy labors arc done, ' And tbe toil of tby life shall be blest; - With a, life . ... .rightly spent and . letory won, We 6hall enter a haven of rest. Provo, Aug., 1878. all public gatherings for the general good of all classes of people, we hope and trust there will be, on the part of the brethren, a liberal feeling manifested towards the sisters, in allowing them to take part in the deliberations now pending. The population of this Territory is largely composed of wo. men, and they have the elective franchise, which means representation in the best sense politically; women are engaged in business, in publb work of various kinds, and with that and having the ballot, should be entitled .to consideration in the body politic. There is no occasion to fear a feminine element in politics, ancTthat phaso should haye free and full expresslonyphy-sica- l strength is by no means the source of righteous law, and it seems to us that men should rejoice to take into their political meetings that part of the human race who represent most largely its sympathies and finer feelings. Sir Charles Reed, Chairman of a public meeting in London recently, in his remarks said: It is said that women wish to enter Parliament, and it so all he could say was that the assembly would not bo the worse for them. He believed they would at least be peacemakers and moderate the proceedings very often, " It is pur belief that a quickening moral influence would result from the recognition Pf.womon in politics. . TERRITORIAL FAIR. PEOPLE'S TERRITORIAL CONVEX. TION. -- SPEGIAL ?4TLR9AD TERMS TO EXHIBITORS. - HE A DQUARTER3 PEOPLE'S TERRITORIAL Central The superintendents of the U. C. U. S. and U. W. Railroads have to place at the disposalgenerously of exhibitors of stock and other products, one car for each road free of charge. This ment Will enable contrivers to thearrangePair to bend of-fer- ed Committee, Salt Lake City, Utah, Sept. 10, 1878. A people's territorial, convention, d of delegates from the several couri-tiewill convene at the Hall, Salt Lake City, on Mondav. Oct. City, 7th f to nominate a delegate to the Forty-sixt- h in their exhibits and take them home at the close of the Exposition, without de- of delegates to the convention has been apportioned as follows (beine based, as nearly as possible, upon the num LegiilatiVG AsLml?rSentatiVeS 0 ?e mrectors cherish the liberal railroad facilities willhope be an additional incentive to make the Fair a marked success. com-pose- s, -Congress. The number COUNTY ?TaflthLak- e- N0. 18 l'"' Bearver.... iute ... 3 1 on -- Sovier 2 Sanpete " ; Davis... a Weber Cache Rich 9 . Z ,..." ? ;;;;;;;;;;; ; - Total............ jrg . The lead IPC0 0 n Sri cac" county ticularly reque9ted to adopt such meLure,' as will secure a proper representation aUh com.ng convention; also fa take necessary before the election as will live to the candidate chosen by the convention delegate, the fullest support of Teu tered voters of the people's tioket Uy order of the committee, FY1 John Siiabp, Chairman, Tueo. Mckean, Sec'y Wften women hav TRUE GRIT. 5 Wasatch.... ;;;;; summit Box Elder... Tooele 3 2 2 J?n?V"" ?i!b!t?J8, C0UNTr . 8 3 Vla.n lay or cost. The superintendents have also the usual low Conference rates topromised all ex- - the baii0,, they possess a recognizabje Klalm Na- Suffrage Association, after ve prepared and 4 ouuiny auomu to ine friends of suffrage in the United States, a plan . 'gucu 10 tecure action from Congress upon the two Sixteenth; Amendment resolutions, pending one of them upon' he Senate Calendar, and the other to a tie vofe In thA t...i.. , brougM 515 mittee. ft,0 u uuinarv i;om. "uow The following is a brief outline th.) proposed work : wh0 have Sixteenth m1-L,(-'- and endeavor to jsecuro immediate, action on the above resolution. 4. Continue the agitation during tho wnoie or me present Congress, and If jus- tions the world ever saw to the Forty-sixt- h Congress, laboring meantime to secure the election of men who will heed them. Let the work go on with ever increasing power and determination, until every Con- stitution in the land, State, Territorial and National, secures equal rights to men and women. Woman's Words. GEORGE ELIOT. Mrs. Marion Lewis (George Eliot) is thus described by a correspondent: f'My hand was held for a moment by a lady in the plainest possible attire. Somewhat to my surprjse, I found her intensely feminine. Her slight figure it might almost be called diminutive her gentle, persuasive air, her constrained gesticulation, the low, sweet voice all were as far removed from the repulsive phenomenon, as it is possible to concfiivn., Th A hrnw alone seemed to betray her inSllectnal su-- : periority; her face reminded me somewhat of the portrait of Charlotte Bronte, that every one is familiar with. Yet there was no striking similarity; I should rather fay the types of head and face are the same. When she crossed the room- - to call attention to a volume under discussion she seemed almost like an invalid, and evinced also an invalid's indifference to fashion and frivolity in dress. Perhaps it is half true, the strange story that I heard in all Its va. riations, for there were those presen t who sat transfixed and gazed rapturously upon the creator of Romola" and "Adam Bede." Every syllable she uttered sank deen into fertile h the homely home that seemed almost bare, and lor the homely hospitality, than which nothing can be less pretentious. I shall never forget tho absolute repose of Mrs. Lewes, the deliberation with which she discussed tho affairs of life, speaking al ways as if she were revealing only about a tenth part of her knowledge upon the sub-jein question. With her it seemed as if the tides had all como in; as if she had weathered the ultimate storm; as if circumstance and not desire hadV swept her apart irom her kind, and left her isolated, the unrivaled mistress of a passionless ex. perience. "Woman's Words." t, petitions received too late for nr Gratitude is a blossom of rare sweet-nes- s, its fragrance is ever refreshing, in this world of careless indifference; it should bo nourished, for it is one of the genuine growths of divine nature. Yet we see m"ch moe of the counterfeit than tho reality, and it is hard to detect the ml from the unreal, unless wo ourselves possess the true germ. Eirjilo. . " obtain as many 'idSitt namesCongress, as possible, and forward by December instructions, i, i878, to according to previous Washington, D. C to Hold local town and and take rising votes at the clofepon Utions to your own State ask 2. -- ct BY SARAH ANDREWS SPENCER. TheExecutive Committee of the tional Woman an amendment to the Constitution protect ing women citizens in the right of suffrage 3. Hold State Conventions at State Capi tols during the sessions of the Legislature, S dutl VrT38 resoIao Glaring uho" ingress to submit to thopwplo T1, larivirn?ELENliI- widely and aS a Str0Dfir sunLrfTnr woman locate and fl?m suffrage in England, f0r a member of Par! Hatnefn,n0mated Southwark London. ari Beaconsfield is said todistrict be in sympathy With the measuro; It is thought .this will test'of the strength of the JLEractIcal xpoyeeut T of woman suffrage. Jn-faYO- 1 