; . . : -- 7fc 7" women? hEIXavagances Tho majority of men know nothingof the cost of a lady's dress. One that costs ten dollars would appear to them quite as expensive as one that cost two hundred, it would be impossible for them to distinguish the difference between a hundred, dollar set of laces and the cheapest Df imitation, which could be bought, perhaps for one dollar, a bow of pink ribbon at ftfee tliroat would appear to them as a mow extravagant outlay than a fifty dollar pin. By the industry, economy arid good taste of the women of America our homes have become the pride of the nation and the wonder of the world. The wife of the laboring man in this'coutry makes it possible for him to home pf his own. The ge'a wife of the mechanic, who, by her frugal habits and strict economy, enables her d to keep his family of five or six on that which would not' board and clothe two if she did nothing, deserves a better reward women spending often hear concerning 1 i . money foolishly?" 'ty In every city of our land wo see fine mansions thatjcost tens, oven hundreds of thousands of ; dollars. We see jails, court houses, city, halls, custom houses and other public buildings .'which .:cost fromGno hun-dte- d '' Hard times; financial difficulties, defalcations embezzlements, defrauding and iAdIioevBry wbere lii Why" not? There .liisiiflltient causa" forUhlsi stato of affairs. extravagance of theomfeny Tbat : 43ee;tlie alone igjsifficient to .bankrupt t h e ; nation; xh sPOitheoWGinfin lof these days work do tbey economize ?;doithey ileay: themselves Buijejs;! Certainly not; : Are they will 48g)tth Jive in , ;the style; their mothers ano! grandmothers did KcwIs there anything most luxuriou hpmesrelegau jlef jLtilro&Qfk costly, equipages ithat will satfsfy - thousaDdidolIars to onq million all 4ui t by men, I B u t who charges extrava-- J 1 gaQeo7th.i3; .ign$;rpi:i80f At the lowest calculation we find there is more than five hundred millions of dollars spent yeryryerX7or, intoxicating drinks, $nd dnerhnhdred millions worth, of tobacco consumed teVmen of the United States, yji q inon ey paid out for liquors, tobacco and Iji'few other luxnries men indulge in,would, in two or three years, pay the great national ' could't be called ex trayagance ' jipbtThls but the expenses men have to incur, dyctton'' rwoj; have., heard urged ainwoiiien-shavin- g a vote in the government is their extravagant habitsr 'Why,'" said a good, honest legislator to us not long 'since, would not do for women to vote; they would soon ruin the nation by spending its money so lavishly; they wish to havo everything so grand." '"What did the refurnishing of these two ipgislativo halls 'cost?" we asked. "Forty thousand dollars. The curtains at each window cost seven hundred dollars.".' What hi youpaylbrUhe carpet, desks and spit-ipoin the room, in which the constitu. i. tipnal convention met?" "Eighteen dollars." "What do you pay for cleaning the; treasury building in Washing. tonCity, to say nothing of the other public jjuUdipgs?'? "Fifty thousand dollars each jrear, 'Npw, my clear air, do you think jwome .cwild be more extravagant than "I do not believe they would have , thjs.? sp'nt so. much in these instances,'1 he : ? Jnihp Abat pur .women,; are proud, extravagant, , : hus-bajn- -- for .taei gew-gaws-rtnone- wfimfrlr y, bunds' lire gluing T to gratify iraud: - Their c extras ttl 1 'tiolneVen7 v6rse thaii bankruDt- wtfae; lftd :it ; leaving our daughters --umaanled, a burden upon the2 fathers. A young man cannot afforditoMnarry; it costs too much to keep a Wif6r;Th6 establishment that would suit hli Unfcbirie would not? suit' bis wife's tastes. have as elegant She must dress asiwell-an- d -- ns fiho' .Jiomj$;ast than being! toidishe earns nothing and is supported by her husband. The woman who cooks, mends, makes clothIng,washes, irons, sweeps and dusts, who does an untold amount ot labor that would cost the hus band hundreds of dollars annually, if others perfornied the work, should'not be insulted by being told she is wasting her husband's hard earnings, if she buys a good dress occasionally. The farmer's wile who milks, churns iuidkeep3 and, as is frequently th case, clothes and daughters with her butter money, should at least be permitted to call one dime her own, and not be told she belongs -- - her-se- lf thou-;san;- sins trOBlU glasses of men? Intelligent, The educatto Uie class of ed woman who says to her husband I can earn at pain ting," I etching in usipo more than will pay. a girl for dpin all oar t bp work, and I wish to do it," should' catise compelled to cook, bake and wash the law, which she had no voice in maidn, says she owes her husband spr vice; neither should she, if she adorns iier house2 with flowers, paintings and statuary, be.- toldline non-produce- ; e7 .wfien the r fHeNevy.Tofk ers asserted 'If men that it was the' eSTOvancVoT the Vbmen bio.' Again and that had was reeatddVntliMho thii pcoplo again -- wo-,me- became colfircpd.thai')iicn !was thef fact. A few foolish women, whose husbands were glad ,to lvislr rhe$r bji them, had bought high 'prfteb all and this .waaiiuSS others were extravagant, and straightway womatf wai meVtQ Jcapegpatfor the sins tti"laots'n'Uof the whplj? lftcj Do you wish the public. to believe a statement Qyen thonghrrerxnncoqs? ..That, is easily done, Maico your assertion, repeat it frequently, induce a few others to do the tdttity and 'how'sooti U is' relieved by 'the iimitltud'e:YoVWhat:everybody says must Who ' thinks W 'asking for ' the T i(i proof? - hone. n is bankrupting - But let jxa. lopkat the other side of this question of extravagance; Suppose women, through the Jprcssfroiri the"'plkform and in private conveTsatlon, shodra assert that the '0X&avafihce of men has brought on our financial dinlcultiei and'?caused hard times as their, fathers and grandthera 414 Bpend WniufcWntt)eni5Qlv.ei3; trBJ?pthtng . wan mey wear costly InfSX03"1?, Bit?, .&F cxponalvQr.watchesVpay high 4 . -- 1 'f-7t9P- ' ' -- carried with theni frqm 'omej777TfaveT Dvrailwho gets offhand takes a good warm -- a11.. dlf-Cere- five L'ci'nlk or a, dollar each time? Women. nt localitiek may make a "pror-r- r sen tat ion.'J All this; agitation i and holdifig conferences on the subject of suffrage." m significant of the: future,- - and- speak K wornati i . ttM-?1- ' telleb'tLxnlght there hot be almost as ranch . ' r Woman ouffrage Association wijl hold its "Ninth Anna Meefing iri lndianapolisind.at Wed nesday and Thursday, Nov!, .13 and XL There will be sessions; atternoon and evening,' commebcing Wednesday at 10 a. m. The call fbthls meeting, published in the "Womari'S'Jburnal,and says, Let tho auxiliary socIeties,:state local, at once call meetings' to . choose their delegates, who should; if possible; be pre erit early, with credentials regQlarlyIgned by the officers of their respective The call is arranged fn'ikrf&mentary fornl and speciQps mlriulely h'e pedplo in .Tim Ameuican ey; 'When njon have learned to' appreciate ' when IndustryV and economy ' theHaVb'Jeai'ned to enumerate the amount d mpn,ey-iavetheir wive3 and sisters, ' pf by "the will.cbasb to talk about their expen- ' sTy tastes and habits. e Cofivehtion, upon the subject of New Hampshire women Voting in school .meetings J andisnpppr?';' Men. Who ;rfat1dpne Wta'aluncb Jnthe'torland isaves "seveaty. gffcafor'Vrn, ire. last .teams, attend ap .RQieis, w,opera,, theatre, and '"other, place's , of habits WMWWtheir;their.oxtiiavagant hozUW WiiWh Hindman. to-th- Jllntuiy.teel: ; Matilda Smith's death, testifying the high respect In which she was held for. her strength of character and many virtues. . Armenia & White, of Concord, wrote a letter , f the nation. of the 'Philadelphia Citizen's Suffrage Association was held Sept 18. Eesolutions were passed upon Abba H;oi steamboat who responds to the, call? wn botji sides Pf; the long tables arc men : fhrpo ladipa atfthe ; hpad of, the ladles' cabin and, you seeVthpWome.n eating the cold lunch thaL-ixienJinjt- i The meeting , r Travel on steamboat and railway ca r3, an4 again you have evidence of thei fru- .galitytqfwoman.Jlhe4inner bell ripgs pn ; Denver, August 22, 1878. 4 ' i "- were to thoroughly investigate matter this they would cease charging with lack of frugality. They would fifad the great mass of their countrywomen exceedingly economical, saving even to meanness, we fear, GoLinto the houses of thd middle and. working classes, and you will see this verified. The furniture, the "children's clothing, the dress uf husband and wife all prove there has been no money thrown away foojishly You find these have been made over and over again. The mother's bonnet, the daughter's hat changed td sditthe fashion, costing about one fourth the"price of new one3, are worn two, three .and four yearspicture frames, ottomans, Wa pillows, afghans, chairs that have been cushidhed without the aid of an upholsterer, ; stands and tables made out pf boxes, so jneatly covered that one might be excused for.nqt detecting the commendable sham , all) the work of women's hands. caucll-lho-thU rs. , an-swerecl- ..... V - plain terms and almost in trumpet voice, of tho, great contest for right; thatiafjeing loughtaU over the enlightened world.: - , ' 