It. S. REPORTS. The General Re trench me n t Meeting in the Fourteenth Ward Assembly Rooms, Saturday, Sept. 14, was well attended. After the Cqun. ex- ercises of singing, prayer and reading of minutes from Junior Associations, Coun. E. R. Snow made the following remarks: "I am well pleased with the minutes we have just heard; we have listened to good principles; and these meetings are a power, and it is .growing. If you could have heard Elder Lorenzo Snowprcach in Ogden, it would have gladdened you. He spoke of the sisters, and appreciated the effort-o- f our works, and prophesied of our future. The sisters feel weak now, but the time will come when they will speak with the eloquence of angels. I attended the Quarterly Conference of Box Elder Stake Relief Society. Every branch of that organization In the county was reported. The various Presidents reported verbally in the after: .. noon. r "In these meetings-ouyoung ladies' minutes form a very interesting portion. I have just been thinking what a vacancy it would make If they were left out. The , vv. diuiiq a i. were as interesting as though spoken by an JUTS. Dy grauu-uauguie- r, ties and positions of. these children. , 'While in Brigham City, we selected the President and Counselors over the Primary organizations for each ward, and the Elders set them apart. The next day about two "hundred and fifty children attended a spe- cial meeting. I told them it was their meeting, to worship God. They sang - auenuon to an tney couiu unaersianu. goou They expressed themselves glad to have an organization of their own, so they would not bo afraid to speak. We consulted with the brethren, they were favorable and gave us all necessary aid. Committees. visited each house, to ascertain the number of children between five and ten years of age. . work with. As the work progresses, we shall have older children included. Mrs. Harriet enow, irresiaent oi uox jiaaer oiase Relief Sociaty, and I went to Willard City, and with the brethren organized the PriWe took: a votetoso- mary 41Associations. 1 L ! 1, T ,1 cure ine uiu uit it.. uio juauuicra.i.u; uicir i7 tire it does not matter how plain or ordinary it is, cleanliness is the main point I would like to know how many in this congregation are willing to unite with us and sustain the Primary Associations here. (On motion the entire assembly rose to their feet.) Thank you, sisters, we will have it. We want to take the hearts of the young while they can be Impressed. Many of our young ladies have not been trained so that they were anxious to unite with the Young .Ladies' Associations. We want it different ' after this; we want them to grow up in such faith that they need not rely upon doctors. Many of our mothers have not UI 111. Ill' LILUUt IhVjyj luiufea VI iUU Immortal soul. We want to train train the i Tl sucn momers. n is nara to aispei the anlrit of the world. I have converd with two Bishops, who favored these move. 4 : ; : K V mm ments.,, . ferred specially to the coming Territorial Fair. Mrs. Watmough, Mrs. Julia Howe, Mrs. E. Thomas, Mrs. M. Wilcox, Mrs. E. Steven, son, Mrs. M. R, Thompson and other sisters occupied the afternoon in speaking on the duties of mothers, the training of chlldren7 the principles of the Everlasting Gospel, the blessings received Jrom day Lift daya the gifts and manifestations of the goodness of God to His children who obey His -- JEMTPORTJERVniLE Editor Exponent: , We were favored with a visit from Sisters E. R. Snow, M. I. Home and E. Davis, We met in our schoolhouse, Aug. 19. which was filled to overflowing with men and women. The President of the Relief Society, Mrs. Angeline Porter, presiding. Meeting opened with the usual, exercises. After a few introductory remarks by our President, Mrs. Home addressed the audience; said she was pleased to meet with us; said we were all in the same school, and should be apt scholars. Said the first time that she ever spoke in public President Young, some of the Twelve Apostles and several Bishops were present; thought her feelings could bo better imagined than She hoped every woman in this . settlement belonged to the Relief Society; also hoped the brethren were willing their wives should belong. Thought the mothers should attend to family prayers in the abInstructed the sence of their husbands. mothers in regard to rearing their children over and having the proper watch-car- e them; parents were responsible in a great measure iortho actsof their children; spoko of her own experience, and encouraged de-cribe- d. -- home-manufactu-re. Miss E. Snow said, when we first came to thete valleys wre had not the chance for education that we have now; the first thing to be thought of then was the bread and butter, and after we had got that, the next thing Was a schoolhouse wherein to educate our children. In early days of the church, were taught to believe the j the children Gospel fully; they then had faith; said now some young men were called to go on missions, before they had opened their mouths in prayer at home; true, they were honest in their hearts. And when they first spoke -- in', public it was very brief, because their minds were not trained as they ought to be. Spoke to the girls concerning the fashions of Babylon that are introduced in our midst, and have been drank into by our young girls. Said instead of meeting together to praise their God, their minds were lured away with fashion. Said she, with other sisters, was appointed to organize the young ladies of Zion, that there might be a . mutual improvement among the young; that there had already been a great change, and this "was only a beginning. Sho encouraged education, but the most important young people was thing to obtain for our ; Asked - the mothers spiritual knowledge. if theyvanted to have their children grow : up in honesty; if they did to beware themselves, and practice the principles of honesty nnd truth. Encouraged the young in their associations, showing the path they should walk if they took the right course. Asked the sisters If they realized the of these societies; said we had our own souls to save, and have we time to look at each other's fallings? No, we have not Man never knew, ear never heard of the blessings the Lord has In store for those -- sa-credn- ess ana was uuiumaicu m preside over tne Association of the 11th Ward, Mrs. .Volt and Louie Morris hr , Jfrl--raa- ry i-- ' tIo sisters were unanimously sustainpd s:t2vs3 Snow resumed her remarks, and re . -- Ase that love Him. Spoke to quite a length on ; , 'V'r'-'-- o &vsvvt different subjects, including home umay Requested all those who had on Vinmpmnrlfl hnfa nr hnnnota otani said she felt proud to see so many. Mrs. Davis said: "Sister Eliza has been instructing us on home manufacture, and she wished ua to sustain th Exponent, as it is all made at home." Spoke about the right we had to vote; as we had the privilege of the ballot given us, we should be dutiful in this particular as voters. Bishop Porter said he fully ondorsed every manu-ifactur- e. remarks of the sisters. President Angeline Porter felt to tender a vote of thanks to those who had so nobly entertained us this evening; said if we wanted to be benefitted we must put in practice their counsel in our lives. Singing; Benediction by our Patriarch, Alma Porter. Mrs. Angeline Porter, Pres't Miss Amy A. Porter, Sec'y. - Mink Creek, Aug. 14th, 1878. Editor Exponent: The sisters were together in the meeting house on the 17th of April, 1878. Bishop Rasmussen and Counselors were present, and instructed the sisters in regard to the organization, of the Relief Society.- - The Bishop gave the sisters the privilege of choosing their president, and Christene Keller was chosen. Emma Rasmussen was selected First Counselor, and Christene Peterson Second Counselor; Gathering Keller, Secretary, and Ghrisene Neilson, Treasurer; w'o have sixteen members enrolled, we meet twice a month, and a good spirit generally prevails. We have made a quilt and donated it to the Temple in Logan. We are not very rich, but we wish to help build up the kingdom of God. The Exponent is always welcome to us, and we wish We remain your sisters, Cheistene Keller, Prea't. Catherine Keller; Sec'y. Hillsdale, Iron Editor Exponent: Co., Aug. 13, 1878. "i We have an organization here with about seventeen members. We are a small ward and somewhat scattered, on account of some we living on their farms and ranches, but hold monthly meetings for instruction, ic, and some working meetings, and we are the trying to do what we can to forward great cause. We have very good meetings; our Bishop and others of the brethren meet us with us from time to time and give much good instruction; We were orgawe nized just about one year ago now, and can see where we have made some immafce provement, and hope to be able to Expmore during the next year. The inonent, is a source of great comfort and struction to us, and If every sister prizes it as I do there would be many more cop taken by the people than there are ai intepresent time. We feel very much rested in the storing of grain, believing we as time will come when we wineed it, anu have so often been told by Pres. Young w others. May God bless the interests Zion and all the faithtuL As ever your Sister, A. Joiiksox, ' ' Lydia : President R " . 