0' WOilA N'S EXPO NENT. 180 :TflE WOMAN'S that whien will continually unaermine au tne harmony of outward polish and years of arduous- EXPONENT. -- . r rrz PabllSed jeras;. une copjr owe year, " WtaI-WoniWy,- ; 8alt iii ;'l ''''ty revolution positive -labor Editor. i wren; ip(tneiri.raiuxMuuituTiuo , exanipiearot fathers and mothers. In our humble "opinion, although it Is not disgrace tofbe awkward, yet eye ry school-teac- h er should study - deportment, ana; their exam. T . is jnow J "We believe ibat a ' beliiefiected ln the culture antt f;duca:tion of Utah. Lake'tity one copy biz mootoB, .pmneaDy .xcpuouax women-o- Auixxty. nils can copy. We y;yaW;tt ou w,;capabili u.t!mV ifei.(XH!(pr month; feiOOA lUbe'rax' tfacoVnt to KrJ lyiUpyilSregular advertlsera. South corner of Temple, and First Erfcmcnt Office, East ati ectaTpppoaite Eagle Gate. Business hours from 10 MtXS1f.mCftTj day except Sunday. H i Address aUbaslneaaommxuUcatlona to nil jjuytaner; .WpMis'a ;ExP0HHKTr"7'" . rind. excellence.n. j'p We cannot but believe !a:Hj S ,5 'J . 7 - - EDUCATION ' . their Lii ;CnlT, MAYi1 ; 1878; 1 ; AND ? C0ITUBE WOMEN., OF Minds i and tANNjjm ; . ' r j ' nfe ' : nhnut n. hnnArpA vp.ir aim mm.:: mfth ndtfflnlv did not read, hiifc'; if thev dftrftd zy. to do so, inust brare tlie opposition of their fhftt TkP-Tlnf- xmi rnnslrf AfAd minor flnniimTAr &Vr1t a Via even in the common branches of knowledge 'i " " m i v wyy y-- - l w.vj . v Z .. - '' Jw 5 WAVW ? M klW - W mlMM. IV , - . -- ; ; , . -- ' e"'v position. If by some natural proclivities any lady became better informed than the generality of the ser. such an one was instructed to conceal it, for learn-- . ,ing was looked upon as incompatibU with the f suited, . .... 'to a 'subordinate " '- " of C 'ii 1 i ltr f ' atjitudelh idle languor is Vol half so charm- uiku viuvu ucvu 1 v vu Jltlof C TC11 1U V C 1 30 j "the rsimnlIcItvT olri of rnannpf.'nf ari9rpmftB & a j! I com Tilled to rprf omi m n a v tn Ah hotel-waitebar maid and And is there an drl thing sweeter or more ..lovelvw.x than a vouncr M 2. ' 1 - - a a M r.. run or vigor, neat ana 1 m ;rn graceful,-waitin- g v - f .conceive. V upon re. lieying the mother, tired, perch'ance, with long years of care and toil. WeV know" ladles who have had very few advantages, who are almost uperiect in manners, ana araWx ail Hearts o them, who7bjr observation ."and, practise, hivd leamea.tQ:eonvee;t6p well that no one would : suspect'hdw small ":Vpart: of ;thelr knowiedf- e' had been, obtained from booksV We thought to say only a few words to draw attention to this subject, but will now conclude by remarking that such training ano discipline as is good for girls is also oodior bps, with only the differences of some peculiar characteristics "easily dhcrlminated by the mother or . - i- ; : 1 ,! ,. attention, care' and practise, and if ;a: little more consideration was given to this subject, instead' of letting children form their own manners or1 "go without, there; would be an Id- creased degree of Rood feelinc ana happiness, that would add to; the general pleasure of hu- xuau xie.'f : Fvery day tchoo every Sunday school, every organ! zitlon for the young people, every home, should be so conducted as to have an influence, not only on the mixds of children and youth, but on' the sia'nners. It is never ' too late to begin to do betterj and if there' has Ji?.?5 R5Slct;of any duty in the past, there Is opp6rtunity7given to improve in lhernlture. We are aware the facilities for cultivation are not so general as in older to wrisv and settle-- : ' ments, and the Saints have many ' hindrances and difflculties which differ widely from the all these,1' there ;.. world, yet, notwithstanding bo a vast might Improvement lit the "manners of "our girls and boys," if greater care was . . . T, . . " 1- "x r. -- ; ntr , Hiiyet Jjpw far tnoderns stlU fall short of a true Oil balance o mind and, manners In the education .. .!aud culture of .women." v Much of .the culture pf mind aTjdertmi'nt " depends upon the ' homelife, the . early sJoni, the associations of childhood, the atmosphere bf the surroundings, the tone of the ele. menU which characterize the mother's log and influence. These constitute the fundamental grounds, on which to rear a fabric of exquisite elegance,4 beauty and sublimity, or : d ra. wi nv.rrihm'--- I h1 ing as in those motions and movemeots that are necesss'ry to the labor of a household. Have We cordially welcome; as I an; e change, the 'Woman's Suffrage : Journal,' pub Ushed InXondon and. Manchester, and ably. .edited by MhsLydia E. Becker, a lady of superior attainments and a successful 'champion cause in Uhe British ItIes.: ,Hef letter . . -- llow mteVially. have the manners and cusv ;.:toms of people changed since that time. And inc a in - ct; y at. true nobility."!.'-We would not be uodersfopd as speaking of that soft of cultivation wUcrx pleads womenlo fromJL : AH honest labor ig despise iabor--a- ri elevating, and any woman may manifest as much ease and grace in the duty of housekeep- - U- r e,I r(t -- ; ; S lan-'?guag- hckfbf that atf tention'and demand the re?pect and , admira-- s tion of all wboare capable pf comprehendiDg n The great fear in this age is hot so much in t higiiei dacatibnpf inind,:for it would teem woman has now so inany bjjporJ Unities for the' cultivating of that 'all studies which man 'pursues will ere long be openAo omwJoTpiti 'intlheti-- we ibeed not quibble, neither is it' that woman will become neglectful of her; husband jot children thrpugh;the culttviOtt of mind; : what then? It is that the, manners of the present time are .not so perfect as in the time when women were dUciplIned 'more carefully in., deportment and carriage. Every observer knows that there is a charm in a person whose carriage is easy and whose address is courteous, and this charm is intenslfied; in very great rdegreei when it is associated with a cultivated, mind, a tender heart, and a devotion to God. ,?a Such women should the daughters: of Zion become; but such women they never will, nor never can be, without discipline of the most cajreful klnd.3iTriere; Is 'a work of exeeedlngr magnitude before the mothers; the teachers, the women of ZlonJ who are desirous of im proving and elevating the condition of woman. This work does not belong exclusively to any one class, but to all; and it will do good to all; a refining tendency will diffuse Itself through, the associations pf the Saints, if there is here and there a germ well cultivated. The children of the Latter-daSaints, many of them, not only have good physical organizations and . intellectual capacities, but possess those characteristic? which may develop the grandest can possibilities of .which theJ human mind, ' '" ; x - , i ' ners, -- , VVMltlUK. my eiuesc niece, to a Doaraiog scnoor. What girls Jearn at these' schools is .trilling, but they unleaip what wpiild be a great , disservlcea ; prpvincial dialect, whicn is extremely j ungen-- . teel, and iother; trlcVs'j that they learn in the t nilHOrV. Tha navvtana rf Ilia II 1111 tJL AfMtU lillD naninn llCIIIilll. ..UIK M wU U of great importance, is well attended" to, and ' dinoing is well taught, r As for the French do xxot thlnkjt necessary, iinlefs for I persons fin high life, lAll the boarding schools are 'on very much the same plan, so that you may place her wherever there i a good air and 1 ; ,i a good dnclng-ma3ter.- ,, .This letter was written la 1773, and at that data men were thoroughly trained as scholars ana. gentlemen. Ladies were expected to be ' fellow-creature- " quently attained ltterary3iceIIehce;Tbut eVehi; such ladles did hot seem to comprehend that a niguer euucation wouia pe aavantageous for- the ser. generally. - Lidy Montagu, whose fame fa fltlll wldftlr. known, in wrlflner nf har niece, gives una good illustration in proof of. " : ; V be sure, women who possessed, iu an unusual degree, native mental endowments, and conse ( ..; the-intelle- Ing for society their gracetof carriage; were of -- " " - doctrine, howllofty will.be the aspirations that emanate therefrom, how deep the inner fountains, froiii which flow - peacefully those thoughts and ideas that ' shape themselves into harmonypUrifying, elevating and refining all completencssbf -- wo v people :th1nking, and the ought to'make the Saints superior irr heart iujnlnd and, in manners. The af ijts; should' not only be more devoted to God and more willing and obedient than the world, but they should be kinder, more charitable, more mane, more bbspiUble; more more more tender, equitable, benevolent, mere more affable ahd in their associations truthful, s with their preserve that quiet n Tiian lyjcnaracwr; - ' it that religion has a 3 and even dr their o wii fsexi It? f aiirrhf. . 'othet-requisUes'ih- -- set- result be something more real Chan words. As a people we are proud of our Tellgion, we feel it is something superior to any other; rthen - This quotation, simple as are ta words, is full oi historical significance! lit shows Wtliat ;; ; 'k:::.:;::'. may sometimes more deeply cultivating effect than any other ' power. It subdues and tranquilizes those passions which are calculated to destroy and lay , waste the belter germs of life and character. ; Then however highly cultivated a woman may bo in intellect, or mind, religion will still add a cherm to her character, an enthusiasm to her inspirations, a Joyeliness to enhance all other attributes of her soul.: If this be true religion,: "ifbrinaWtPBO-- ,'Tbe reaionlnj? maid, aboye ber$cx'ditft uaaaarea io reat ana aarea xosayanoreaa. ; :T1 ; . others is, inexhaustibjeb tions to Tect a pernianont reyolu tion. among all classes, anajenllsrwpmanj generally in tne noble work j higher culture in all thatjwill duvelop the .strongest aUflbuteQfgpQdnesa- - i 1 - - rf ' ' wo-ma- u's addressed to us was full of kindl feeliug and liberality This Journal gi ves one a correct idea of the advanced progress of the woman's work in the ?ritish E Dplre, and of the "pinions and sentiments entertained by, men and women on the popular1 questiun of woman's suffragw D(I equality of ser, In a 'country where' one woman holds sovereign iule,' and has had a peace. ful and prosperous reign forTory: years. ' 