EXPONENT. WOMAN'S 24 "purplo and fine linen," with their volumi. nous skirts sweeping the dust from the sidewalks, and hear them find fault and complain of their privations and hardships. We should thank:1 3od fpr'ieyery blessing and rarrv our 'smalt - annojances as lierhtltr bf.her views. A nobl e, truo woman can ever soothe the poor sufnes3 and" beauty For tbe Exposest. THE INFLUENCE OF WOMAN. ferer on his bed of sickness, calm t lie aching hearty' cheer, the despondent, and or iucccsfs -- Within her. own hallow homo she is tho crowning joy of all its In-- ; heart turns to 4 her for!; mates; thero-each solace and comfort If there Is any sorrow she is the first tdQodifyiotallayiit; iLiinyi The influence o? woman, intellectually, : socially, fciorally, and religiously, upon to day Is great Woman hasrindeed,' y "so-ciet- a-j- oy -- tsosiplelOTWBn -- ' A smart, intellectual woman will draw around her minds of all ages and classes. All "I Will ftel t aniiou3 to listen ; in herr thoughts and views upon the various subi jects of the day,. From the mind of an in pleasure her presetier enhancecit)7lif inT fluence is felt for good - wherever sho is. What would homo be ; without a gentle, :Woman- - there, to arrange everything fort tho family? To prepare some little elegant surprise, orrpleasure? Without her elevating and : refining influence there would indeed i bo a cheerless ' .' . void. p ) f: w " i sweet-tempere- , - 1 -- 1 S ; Ini makes all hearts glad. ft- - (rain n. Inrtv nrs5rv5sno, n orwVl YYinrfll i mi f 11 i vi ru i in i ki r in iiuv iriuriiiv iu : mi cause while in her company the topics of . 1 " ana mendsnip. O how great Is tho influence of a mother, . 4 . ; sistnr.' wifo. or fitimAthtHnrtr-'--mnthpr who a refined has and gentle, nature, who has ; cultivated her thoughts and abilities, and lived a puro, religious lire, 'will .exercise an influence over her children, and inspire thorn to become "noble men and women. She will imbue their mluds with tho of right and Justico, and teach them ha nurc.J nim!nh!. in , - - flinritahlo ftSVUl vivi iMnnvA. prln-ciplc- X - 1 W- possessing truo moral force and sterling worth and goodness. How often can a sister, by kind and gentle words, turn a brother's mind from evil, and cause him to 8eo hi3 error and forsake it. And the sweetheart, or wife, by her chaste man. - ners-anrefined tastes, bring her lover, or husband, to see and, acknowledge the cor rectness of her arguments, and tho clear. d ; t s , of daily-crosse- ; ' " , : -- mmm a rW M -- 11 , , An flwfnl tpr. Iripfle AianrivftTful ror come over us insomucu iuai wv couuiuu-eto take the child up and put the clothes back. When we tried to do so some one to pass, came by and we waited 4 J r .1 t ' a. r L it, wo uum came auu inuuexcu ua ni ana omers wprn railed awnv and It Was not accOEQ- plished. I awoke in grief and tears, and lAtlrtur't d " A noted author says there are two things necessary for a writer:: first to have something to say and, secondly, to know how to say it; Lacking the Jlmt there i J3 much" ftkill rieeded to use the second with ability. Our Society is much interested in collecting means forthe Welsh; Mission, we have al. dollars towards ready donated thirty-fiv- e No doubt as a general their emigration. thing we are not thankful Enough for the blessings wo enjoyi We make poor laces and complain when we have bread In the cupboard, aud health in the family, forgetful of the days when we were glad to get wool to spin lor our dresses; when we spun at and wove all day and cut our-clcom-iormade t. for and It the family up night, We had good servicable dresses then, the first year they that lasted several years; were usually kept for best, after which they were taken - for everyday wear, and new ones made for Sundays. Do you re, member sisters how much pains was taken in dyeing, how carefully the sago brush was boiled in the big kettle .and set with alum or copperas to make tbe requisite shades for plaiding; snd how proud we weie if our dresses were as fine, as smooth, as bright colored as our neighbors'. Then our dainty feet were encased in good homecalfskin; one pair of shoes made, valley-ta- n lasted a year; they were put ou In the falU and tho lady who kept hers the longest, was the envy of her less fortunate sisters. Somo of tho ladies had ingenuity enough to make their ownsummer shoes,-- with a little help, perhaps, from the village shoemaker who would sew on the soles In tho evening when his day's work In the field .. j a - nd was done, if ho was Industriously inclined, in view, perhaps, of a nice roll of butter for his holiday dinner. : 'My remini-cencemay. be considered in bad tiiste, but I cannot help thinking of these things when I soo my sisters robed in 1 z , X t-- . -- tm I - m va or-them mt 1 mm v m IfAIti- - W 4 Vl AVI Tf meant that if iwo had troubles or disagree- - nnd.nasL.'1 Wft fViov wK&n moiitii 1IUVM 9MV, worn RAtflpfl U. i ishbuld let them lie buried . and not bring -- them forth to annoy us, for it was difficult to have them replaced. So whenever I thought of a past grievance I remembered my dream and said, notHing about it. ; When you are disposed to bring forward old troubles to torture or distress you, just remember it will be hard to bury them as they were before and , jet them alone. I have seen much happiness since I took that for my motto, and let iny troiibleir He bur- iiiAtt ieu. . oth . 1 t11af An ters may profit by its teachings as I have '' '" ,J" - ;:r: done.' 2' T thnntriit T jliw a child "buried7 in varv beautiful robes After mo friends , had gone away I said'.to a woman standing by, what a pity it was for such beautiful cloth. 1 ... t x Krt t A A a n uuva a vA Trt f 3 n .', Vlft trmn n kKf WO iiiuu&u. - A gtvuuu n ' wnen someimn piamur wuiuu uu ua wen, let us take it up and keep the clothing our. selves, which we accordingly did, putting some plainer things upon tho body and burying it again. When fairly through ou r taskwe began thinking what we iad vlnna anil mhof AroaAfnX nriif'iunnfhs Wftfllrf PIPSEY PAPERS, ' . " ua4.AX.f -f- v upon all. When a lady Is In possession of all these divine attributes, she is, indeed, one who has great Influence over man and woman. ;ven tno lowest ana most degraded person stands before her rebuked and penitent. Ail who know her will reverence and lovo .. . t i i oifivu io ue. wormy: ai ncr iiiirj auu ... a " La M ? ' C.E.H. the precious gifts lie abundantly besto ws' ' . s, our brings to mind a dream I will relate, hoping my sis- o-- h ' t 'Speaking her quiet . to be moral in all plant in all hearts a wish t and nrf 1? in s7 ihtt f. th tv "msiv "' t hnlr thhn bo like "her. T Their miration will invol- uumwiy iccv uiuu iiui auu. uicv lu uuui help wisMug tney possessed similar moral characteristics, and will eventually aspire to merit approbation in unison with hers. And again, a lady whoso character is do- voted to religion Is pnelthafc will bring all hearts into subject Jou. Each- - person will feel that she has a tendency to inspire the heart with feelings of a pure, holy, and virtuous nature, ily her noble conduct she will create In other hearts a love and veneration for God and his sublime laws. She will cause those with wnom she min gles to think of their, "evil ways, and forsake them, and turn unto their Creator, and T Ii uwifcaicmcBi, Uk.jiuc1uui;ii'vu How small the common wpfrimetits of life a ,. will tend to .make all better, and moro worthy of the love they receive from God ; her aspire to that it may make be great and gKd, to live intelligently and ' honestly, to 'Strengthen' their abilities, enlarge their capacities, brighten their intellect, and understand their individual traits and tho principles of divine truth. OH, sisters! strlyejtbe all: that yo fesaiways sfudy to do good, and let the Spirit of God dictate all your actions. in-ft- fl Willi griCl then, should slfo be that it is hot of a low and degrading nature, but an influence that all-arou- .1 ft jAnd the aged grandmother, corner, Is like a rayj of light from above. Her, counsel is always esteemed, and herr advice acknowledged to bo good. Yes, woman's influence is great I How, careful, V '7' A d -- Also, a' lady possessing a Social disposi. t i oil wi 111 ex erci se Lpjver her-ac- q ualnta nee a jjreat degree of happiness and peace; If she is friendly and affable, her companions will loner to' be er society. for there world is not all shadthe wilt that feel they ow, but that by her social ways she sheds a . ; - telllgent, ;tlderly::personishoTwiIl7gainxa" warm sympathy and admiration from the mind of an ignorant person sire wll draw out the dormant lacnmes, ana make rum or h,oj .understand that, to become a. man or . woman of intelligent influence, one must strive after knowledge and enlightenment; from the" niindfbf a child sho, will bring forth wbuder and enthusiasm, and a desire to cultivate thoughts or abilities; and every one will feel that she is a person worthy of ' Imitation. fortune may overtake us. Jiy neighbor, Mrs. Ezra Oakley recoived a letter from her tiuabandafciieeds saying that he was well, word and doing elp; Tho next ; day.-thwires that over ho the was came flashing dead; died of pneumonia and heartrdisease at tho ageof twenty-si- x leaving a wife lit A .ototcta .IU auu vw ana CnilU, a iuoinr wild lEADOWVXLLE. Thlc TToa. la fir lciiri-r-itnr?nr-1 cronflA lsl01 ing mountains covered with beautiful green verdure to sustain animal life; and as Autumn approaches every variegated color one can conceive, attracts the eye. . The mead. ows lying east of the town, fenced in for hay and pasturage afford an abundance of 'i the best quality of hay, equal to tame grass; it grows two to three , feet In height wet seasons. . Butter Is made .here of the best quality, yellow, rich and hard, through the summer season; I have churned butter in the month of July, and it would be as hard as in other climates in the winter. Had v; ten nnlr firlrina on1 niirn snlf. mir butter "could not be surpassed for sweetness auu solidity. If some one would take an interest in setting out a few acres of "the oak, what great advantage could be derived therefrom. Here vvo have one cf the most - beautiful and romantic; springs, the largest in the Territory, forming a. creek three into - - 7 Itself nnnlA licar JuaKe. m ttiis spring tno irouv up to spawn from tho liakc. From this m . - a X - 