44i THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT; ltor. EMM ELI WE B. WELLS, rHIed One In Salt Lake City, Utah. one year, 13.00; one copy six months, copy Termt: 1.00. Ten copies for the price of nine. AdTertWng rates; Eich square, Un lines of nonpareil space, one time, $3.00; per month, $3.00. A liberal discount to semi-monthl- y, regular adrertlsers. Consti-tuUo- a Exponent Office, Room No. 1, up stairs, Old Building, East Temple Sheet. Business hours irom 10 .m. to 5 p.m.erery day except Sunday. . , 1 Adflrfl " r . ju'bjlsher Womahs SAM LAKE CITY, LITBRATURE; I txgbxm, AUG'. 15, 1878. FOR ;iYOlNG PEOPLE. In the past history iofithis people there was littla time or opportunity to; bestow careful at- tention upon educational interests.! Many- peculiarcircumstances induced this state of affairs. Everything Was newj crude,4iard and and laleratus; s eve re in this land of he people were compelled to labor constantly for theirl maintenance to secure shelter, food and' raiment, day by day; consequently the nner lacmue-in- e JDmieciuat : - Bage-bru-sh api-spituu- ai attribaferwereneglecU per nourishment, or stimulus. The Lord has blest his people in a wonderful manner; prosperity has crowned Ibeir untiring "andT 'energeffe'eflbrts, ahd lbey pQs?e?s now in a great degree, the faciliths and resources through which they may obtain an d give to their children the advantages of a liberal edu- cation. Parents thould give this subject serious thought, and while they are generously allowing their children time and educational advantages, that they may gain correct knowledge of men and things, and become instructed in all the branches of education. that will prepare them to be great; gepd and wise men and women, watch carefully the manner In which they 'irend their precious time, and the usa they make of these excellent opportunities. The world is full of books, roAgaz'ne?, journals and newspapers, and tbey are not all good. There is more trashy, cheap literature than, that which Is pure and good; and there is a powerful Influence for evil in reading, and it is not so perceptible at the time, perhaps, as other evil influences, because of its silent power; but It is nevertheless as dangerous and as much to be guarded against, and in our opinion it is more difficult to detect. Mothers are neglectful in this matter, no doubt it Is for want of thought; some mothers seem to bo under the impression that If their children lead it keeps them out of evil association, that It is a sort of safeguard, but books and papers are companions, aud they speak dU rect to the heart in a language of silent rower, and tuty produce lasting Impressions, and it Is just as essential that boobs ' and reading matter should be carefully chosen as that other companionship should. This subject has been forcibly brought to our mind very iecently by "seeing in the hands of . young ladies, In fact seeing them purchase, such, literature (If It can be so designated) as should bo gathered together and burned. The, expression Is often made "How cm we judge of a book unless we read It?? but our opinion is that young people should take counsel of older and wiser heads, be guided by the judgment of persons of larger experience, even though their school education had been limited, for all' learning J6es"n6t come from books. , and the Spirit of Gol U a safer guide than all the education of the world. We have written these few words to call the atten Hon of mothers, and teachers at.d t hose wbohavean Influence with young people, to this Important subject. We.have heard somewhere a iemark llke this: "Tell me what books you have read and I . will tell you what you know." It 1j not the quantity of reading, but the quality of It that should be considered; andTnir.oplnroh It Is nducb! more injur'ous to gather Into the storehouse of the brain indigestible and) corrupt menial food, than to. take unsuitable food Into the stomach; for the stomach may" be easier corrected, and theeflect can 1 scarcely be as lasting. Some will say,0, read so and to for pastime, it goes in at one ear and out at another, but we doubt very much that it does not have an evil effect. At any rate, it is a risk to run. i the want ; If this people rising generation to be intelligent, to, be superior in their attainment to distinguish themselves in knowledge and in science, then they should take heeJ what they read and how their minds are disciplined. Some mothers are very careful In regard to the clothing of their children, the telei ting of material, the manner of making up, but utterly regardless of the books they purchase, or read; whereas there is really no comparison whatever between the two. The tendency of Immoral literature, and such as Inculcates fahe ideas of life and happiness, is vitiating and weakening, and cannot be too strongly spoken against and deprecated; and unless this course is yurgued, and persons of influence protest against this pernicious and insidious power. It will gain strong vantage ground even among the children of the Saints. This is an evil that is growing In this community, and if any check can be put upon It, any restraining influence brought to bear in favor of good reading, in favor of truth, it should be done. Through the young people's organized associations a great deal has been done to Improve the mental and spiritual condition of the young, but there is a vast amount of work yet remains undone, and tbere is much apathy and indifference where there should be activity and diligence. Mothers and sisters, this Is a part of your work. Wake up to your duty, for this is one part of your mission. i ; HOME AFFAIRS. I the Con ference .there, and t hen proceed toPor-terv- i lie, in Morgan Co. There will be a two day's Con ference of Weber Co. Relief Society, commencing to da v held in the Tabernacle at Og;deri. This will be the first Woman's Conference held for two days. It is expected that there will be an unusually large gathering from adjacent towns, and representative women from Salt Lake City and other places will attend. Reports of the condition of all the branches of the Relief Society in the Weber Stake of Zion will be read. JThe u, Xoung Ladies' AssoriatTon'wiil combine with them on this occasion Considerable has been sa?d through cur on of the sui ject co'umns foreigners taking out naturalization papers, so as to become citi- zens. In Utah, where women have the "franchise," it is necessary that' women thould be naturalized as well as men. We would fay, for the benefit of those who may not be informed on this subject, that if the person dt siring to become a citizen emigrated previous to 18 years of age, and has been a resident In the United States five years, and; In the Territory of Utah six months, then shecan'take out full pipers at once, by substantiating these Jacts with two witnesses and being sworn to that effect. We would urge upon the sisters who have hot acted in this matter to delay no longer; those who have to take out two sets of papers must wait two years alter taking out the first before they can vote; though they can take up land, but can obtain no patent from government. Wednesday evening, Aug. 7, we attended the meeting of the Young Ladles Association of the 8th Ward , Mrs. Mary Leaver presiding. We were pleased with the manner in which the meeting was conducted. Excellent remarks were made by several sisters. It is truly encouraging to hear the young sisters speak understanding! and with easu, as did Miss Agnes Pickett at that time. Mrs. Eliza-bThomas, President of Y. L, A. of the 13th Ward, addressed the meeting for a short time, and said many good things to the young sister. We feel it would be well if the pres- h idents and members of Associations would visit each other frequently, and many good ideas night thus be interchanged, which would re suit in good. Too much cannot be done to stimulate the young people in cultivating their precious talents. Sisters, you who are older and wiser in experience, visit the youDg hdies' meetings, you will benefit them and be blest yourselves by so doing. We have received "Woman's Words" , Reports received and laid oyer for publica- tion from spring City, City, Manti, and Kingston. Correspondence from Clarkstou, Honey vilJe, Goshen, St. H-be- r May-fiel- d, Charles. August It is an excellent number, containing many notices of women and their efficient labors in the cause of Suffrage, of education in the various associations where they are Died, in the 13th Ward, S. L. City, of consumption of the bowels, after an illness of little more than two weeks, Launcelot William, -- infant foa of Dr. William and Ellen B Ferguson, M. D. Deceased wts born April 27, 1878, and was 'three months and eighteen days old when he. died. We condole with the parents of this 'little one In their sd bereavement. Funeral will take place at the residence of the Aug. 15, at 4 o'clock. parents Miss-ElIP. Snow and Mrs. E. Davis have been making a touf in the Northern settlements, iri Jhe luterest of Relief ' Societies and Young Ladles' AsEocIat ionfj holding meetings at MendouHyrtimVeljiville and other placed stimulating and encouraging the sisters in home induslrltsytihome education, and them .togood works generally, "it Is expected they will be In Ogdep tolay; attend' to-da- y, za ex-horti- ng' for per mitted to labor; notices of business women in Philadelphia and Washington. It has a well-writt- en and comprehensive account of tbe Third Decsde Celebration in Rochester. On the title' page U a woodcut of Miss Fracce Wil-lar- d Willard, with a sketch of her Jife ; Miss is one of the mostj noted .women of our time. She is a warm philanthropist, and has been a zealous worker, in the cause of Temperance since Oct, 1S72. "Woman ;Words'- although only in fti sepond voJumer'has attained asgreat popularity. The ladles who are now sociated as editora'are extensitely i known, to only as "writers, but active I workeri'for the of education and culture, as as uxualr ghta and. universal iuffngtl ;:It - J. tirtbllsbeu bofce by women.' The - language. la always c and elegant, the whole tone of ihe'pape r"-1--lectual and elevating. ; i 