apart, bu t who are friends and. in this great reform." We would bo glad to republish more of the speeches made and letters read than our small space will admit.of, but will try to Rive to our readers extracts of. importance from some of the best speeches and letters. Mrs. Elizabeth Cady Stanton occupied the chair, and made the opening address. "We are hero to celebrate the third decade of woman's struggle in this country co-worke- rs for liberty. Thirty years have passed since many of us now present met in this same church to nas iscustho-tru0potmiioiQma- citizen of a republic. The reports of our first conventions show that those who inau-gurate- d this movement understood the significance of the term "citizens." At the very start we claimed full equality with man. Our meetings were hastily called and somewhat crudely conducted; but we intuitively recognized the fact that we were defrauded of our natural rights, conceded in the National Constitution. 4 Look at the department of education, the doors of many colleges and universities thrown wide open to wromcn, girls contending for, yea, and winning prizes from their brothers. In the working world they are rapidly filling places and climbing heights unknown to them before, realizing, jn .fact,- - the ; dreams, the hopes, the prophecies of the inspired women of bygone centuries. P In many departments of learning, woman stands the peer of man, and when by higher education and profitable labor she becomes and independent, then she must and will be free. The moment an individual, or a class, is strong enough to stand alone, bondage is self-relia- nt impossible. Some of our opponents attack, us with the tame old weapons in use thirty years ago; though ever and anon, as new phases of the question have arisen, iew weapons have come into use. When a number of women in this city, with Susan B. Anthony at their head, went to the polls and voted, Henry R. Selden, in his constitutional arguments in their defence before the United States, forged a good supply of Minnie guns and Columbiads, which have done us good service. Much has been accomplished for the civil rights of woman. The laws and customs touching her property, education and labor have been essentially modified and im. proved, but her political rights are still ignored. I would remind the gentlemen present that the enfranchisement of woman involves your Interests as deeply as our own. We are so Indissolubly bound together that whatever degrades woman lowers the status of man also.- - Our growth is your development, our hope your inspiration, our long- ings your triumph; our success your pleasure to receive a letter from one of my sisters who has labored so long for the sarao causa "thatl am now laboring; one who knowrs the joys and sorrows of those who are called to leave home and- - friends and-takup their abode on the Sandwich Is- a half white, and Mr. Charles Juddbesides six servants. They Miss Mary Pitman,. took one meal at the plantation "house, and e . lands. I do not feel as though I could tell you anything about my feelingsthe anxieties for the folks at homo and the lonely hours that I have spent thinking about them for it would be old to you; you have gone through it yourself and know all about it. But you can sympathize with me, can't - you?-.- . .. '. of Although I am very lonesome at times, and feel as though it would be a great pleasure to be able to step in and see mother and the rest of the dear ones once in a while, still 1 am a great deal more contented here than I expected I would be when I left them. I received the sad news of the death of my dear little niece, Lucy. It made me feel more homesick than I have felt since I have been here; she was such a left home, I fine, healthy child when did not think of her going to her mother so soon. I had just been talking to Sister Molen about her that day, and saying what a comfort she would be to her father when she got largei. The Lord giveth and the Lord taketh away, and we must learn to be Last-Frida- - : Hoping this will find yourself and family all enjoying good health, I remain your sister in the Gospel, t will now close. Sarah Dean. It. S. REPORTS. reconciled To w " Report or the General Retrenchment through. We were called to part with one of our native friends last Friday, Kaohenauna, one of the men who was called to go to Utah at Meeting, Saturday, Aug. 17; Counselor Ynunc nrpsidine' The President. Zina Mrs. M. 1. Home, wa3 absent, traveling with Miss Eliza R. Snow through the settlements of Morgan Co. and holding meetings with the various organizations of ters. . The meeting was addressed by Counselors Zlna D. Young, B. W. Smith, 1'. w oouruu and j. Howard, also Dy Mrs. E. B. Wells, Mrs, E. Pixton, and Dr. Wm. Smith. One interesting feature of the meeting was.tho reading of the minutes of the Juvenile Association, by Miss Alice Merrill. This Association is composed of little girls," all under eleven years of age, The minutes were full of the simplicity and sweetness which characterizes child, hood and reminded one forcibly of the the last Gonfereneei He was at work on Thursday, went home and ate a couple of you will know what they are, and Was taken with cramp and vomiting. He died at 7 o'clock, only being sick ono day and night. His funeral was held at the schoolhouse, at 2 o'clock on Sunday, and his body was followed to the grave by overtvvo hundred people. I expect you were well acquainted with him, for he has been in the Church a great many years. He was the father of the youngest of the two native women who live in the I9lh Ward. He had saved about one hundred dollars towards taking himself, wife and child to Utah, and expected to go with the first missionaries that were called home. Hewas very anxious to get there and have his wife sealed to him before he died, for he has not been well for a long time; he has been troubled with a very bad cough. His wife and child are intending to go and Sa-vio- i's words "Except ye become as Laie, Oaiiu, Sandwich Islands. July 12, 1878. To Dear Sister: Your kind and very welcome better of the 20th of May reached mo about June 12th. It gave momuch little children, ye cannot enterjnto the kingdom of heaven." The sisters who spoke dwelt much upon the necessity of Improvement, the training of children, the benefit ofJirev sido teaching, the storing of grain, and home industries. Mrs. Young spoke of have thework done forbImThe boy is -- her recent visit with Sister E. It. Snow to Provo Valley, the peaceful influence among about fourteen years old; he has been livthe sisters wherever they went; of being ing with us ever si&o we went to keeping in Logan at the Conference, "when they dehouse on the Island. It was not at all hard for me to accustom posited In a stone box the Church records, in a corner pillar designed for the purp030, myself to the food and manner of living and the sister's conference at Ogdon. .Mrs. here, though I would much prefer the way we have at home. All the white associates Howard gave a brier account of her visit to Randolph; said the Relief Society there I have are the missionaries from home. I had a good house of their own to meet in, have made the acquaintance of one lady ainco we came here, but she is only half wth ' plain, substantial furniture. They white. She is. a very nico woman, and raised no grain there, but were going to sea some stock owned by the Society to very aristocratic in her manners and habits. Mr. Hassenger, her husband, who la a buy wheat to store up. Mrsv Woodruff, in white man, has been keeping the rahcbe cf her remarks, said tho, low prlco of wheat a Mr. Campbell, at Habuku, about seven nowTemindod her very forcibly of the fam miles north of here, but I understand they ine In Egyptthey had seven years of l a i i i are about to leave the place and go back to i?Mijf, ureviuuij w me seven years oi iam Honolulu, where-the. Ine. resided before they Spoke of one poor place in the councame to Habuku They sent a native over where the sl3tersfaved Sunday eggs try to say they would call here and for Wedthe Temple, and In three months it spend amounted to forty-on- e nesday night.- They have, threo very nice dollars. about the eldest sixteen years. daughters, Many good Ideas are suggested in these We have not had any one call here since meetings for the benefit of all, and much I came, excepting the Queen and party, practical a3.well a3 spiritual instruction is -c- onsisting-of the Queen, her sister, and imparted. ' ; TIIIVATE CORRESPONDENCE. - - w I expect kanai between two and three weeks,'rw i; !iL anu l am n ere aiuue, wnu iimo cicopuuu ui my baby, who is a great comfort to me in mv lonely hours. Remember me kindly to the family and inquiring- friends. Bro. last Molen got a letter from Bro. Monday. If you see any of my folks, give my love to them and tell them that wo aro y "Sand-spiders,- " spent the rest of the time at Lucy's, the girl who used to live with you. The Queen invited us down there to take supper with her; we all went, and spent a very pleasant evening. I had quite a talk with Miss Pitman; she said she was in Salt Lake, Citv last winter, and that she took dinner with you, and had a very pleasant time. They stopped at this place two days, and seemed very much pleased with the way the people are getting along. . y - -- : - 