1 WOMAff'S - EXPO NENT. 156" of exercising; The story of . Esther is pno of EXPONENT. THE WOMAN'S purpose in life than can ever be reached bv the fHJ'isucu uieaua. . The element o4 goodness and of spirituality i n a t ruewomanlia al ways of a re fi n I rig c h arap. ir ter, and in U fit, it has ever r been an, incentive to holy and lofty aspirations.. If husbaiids were rarest examples of sacred history and her unprecedented courage is without a parallel.1 The Scriptures Tafibfiaanye Illustrations .woinari's charof the elements of goodness In ; acter. Arid in later times history abonnds with examples of woman's sac - 41 Editor. pbliihod In Bait Lake Cltr, ;TJtah. semi-monthl- y. Ten copies iorfine pnce.pi wn&tAurawwu rates: Each square ten lines pi iwnparen epacey one. liberal discon nt tor time, tlOO; "per month, 3.0Q. 1,00, V advertisers. itkr Exponent Office, corner T, , 1 .. r Of South r Temple; and First uuio .iaaUUcexft, opposite js.agi uaue. buiiu ar.tni to 5 p.m. ercrr day accept Stmday Address all balnea's communications to vol frii;rj0 -- - instances no doubt it would be better policy but instead of both working together it is often the case they pull against each other, and the result Is anything but a happy one. When men and wonien ar; equal palrtners'in the - " exterisivp field 4o7labpirl!zHe X." rrr 7gfeat'DattIerilfe"th sympathies are enlistedyifshe be a true mother, In; thft deveiopment of all ihat 4s purest and noblest in her children,.and in so, cenducting the affairs of .home and life,aa jo conduce to uf i her; offspring. the continual vrell-beixin a wider ...ator4leiiouglthe7;iu8t-takrange of thought than ithat which bounds her domestic domain, i How many thousand temptations and evils there are to be met outside lhe mother's InHuee73w;rie7C'heTpoweit vain td' shield and watd off dangers'' more appalling- than death, Is easily conipreherided ''Is' it strarjge: that possessing all the capabilities of a ra'tforial being there should spring up in ' the- - niiridijof womari, r' newj;ideas and thoughts In regard io stemming the currlntjof be less cause of complain tJ;7That the1 world moves is easy to" see, ,. and th)att worrien move with It aa well as men, ianow.becoming pretty generally conceded. The Lord is doing a work in these last days and woman's share" in it is every day more clearly defined. Those who are quickest to discern, whether men or women will perceive the dawn of new light in ng e i.1 ,1 ) df (ho rrChilsti&nj geeat ?drh 'yfr.il buthe;desire todTgoIn berent In woman than in 'man; not that man's nature is opposite, both do,qr should have similar alms in view and methods of work; but character there ssems to be more of -- thejquIity falls th as' tbegentle in that of mifl:rf This' charity n's Wfr)iei&rr aid t and the very soul 'of Js" otheood; adds toTthTp the name offmoiherT ness personified'' Is a remark quite frequently ' madei by both men and women.' - Men in all ages arid; at all times have given their atten-tio- n more to what they considered the weighty matters of life, and they are quite willing to leave tqt women vali the weeharjj Uest; and tender ministrations of . love, that are ; do necessary to the human heart, ; and ; especially; iu times Ibf '.sdrtowy or irialAi" tfieldside-of.the sufferer j woman's presence has a peculiar,; almost magical charm: her' gentle touchiber; . soothing Influence ever felt when1 her syropa-thy is called into action, by existing circumstances, is acknowledged by all the world; i In her nature are the ypryLattributei of gentle- -' nessj tenderness and air that refines) purifies and elevates the soul. There is no sacrifice too l 'she will not practice, if great, no sheT can com prebend i t to' be for good. "; Is man conscious pt all that woman 'lays upon the als self-denia- tar that she may' thereby elavate and purify the home subduing her own Jndivldrial asplr-atipn- 's (often wholly) that shemay add to the happiqe? s of. btherj, of those, she" lova, reachkTleviating ing out after the weals and lerrfhgv the wants of the poor, seeking ' to", reclaim the wandercr giving shelter to' the outcast arid in 6horperformIng ajl those acts of beneyoienpe that come within the pale of doing good. Chri&t's mission upon the earth was characterized by doing good. He went about among the people performing acts of benevolence, and charity, healing the. sick, and giving sight to the blind, even rcstoringlhe dead to life, com-- T fortlng the mourner, and In.short'dolng good who - would receive Iis'jmlriistrations. toj jesus in Ills characteristics exhibited much of nature rcalled feminine. 7 The" divinity te which was 5 the horizon and ' wilij; proclaim the truth those to wbdiit;Iriarkrplaes.7r -- in-woma- : her-?pre?ene- "o"winiWg"t6"te I enterprises and'gbpHlfEs. if to be sure few iy;llvesrhose , There are scope is so narrow as to preclude all opportunity lor doirig; gpodTerywpma immediate circle, in which . she may develop eberabiiiiy ratllahcr tV0Mit ExrairaT, I iHf:fi j i manifest in at! He did,' or said, Is akin to that which in woman is teriried woman-linRs?;.ani by the masses' is often .looked upon as weakness., Woman has ever borne heavy burdens of sorrow, in some instances (perhaps but nevertheless a in mjiny) cross. One has only, to read,' the Scriptures to see what heroic ECif dehlai women are capable- j - self-impose- d, We have a specimen of the ribbon woven by Sister Wadroup of Centreville, of pure eyil outside of hdnie? 'haher.Mplratjons tb to la do gbodshouid reach forth h6w u tterly pow- bor Jn,wen 8h erlef s are the utmost fexe rtions hat pan he growth of evillhal'c ter, arid all ranks In life fresh forcefc? t ;1 la it very wonderful, we wbud beg leave to askwhen the mother tees her darling boy, the pride of her heart, and in anticipation the si aff of her declining years, becoma a drufakard in spite of her exemplary, life, her diligent training and constant prayerp, that she should want to know theUuee, and; cause? And Is it so very remarkable that having found sources prolific of evil infidences: she should call up all ber latent powers of jaind, and active energies , any-particula- ! r reorgani-4ation,an- mndsveceid and for. what purposes etc. These reports should be as brief as It is possible 16 makjs jhm, and have them terw sufficiently definlte. be made every three mouths, :)vhich will require hut little extra time arid attention. By means' this organizatjonj or board of county Ollloers, a correct estimato r wll be made every hrfe.mpntb8oi"ali 7furids handled by thesis-tersi- -- i ed uj re-spe- cta 'thisorganized. capacity Jn this State of Zipn. Thc'peppjo (wiil fbo .better posted upon t he appropriatien made of means donated. At of this meeting expectednhat the board officers of.fcaeh society will:be present as theie will likely ibe Instructions given relating to the Relief Society, its present and future pros- pecWand duties that will Be desirable that-alshould understand for themselves- - A geneifl invitation Is extended to all interested in the progress of the wo'rk of the sisters In ZfoO to be present atrthe,meeti'rig. T-'r ;u 'liARrl; IldKNE, President.; in the last few ceotuVie?; great discoveries and inventions are constantly diffusing new light in the world of science, but of what avail will knowjedge be; If there, .Is no correct system of government,jio justico for mankind, and mercy to "flavor j ustice," H ; , atld rilj be 'y Woman'! mosTactlv'epQw need ej,, not only. In the home. circle- but In asi eistlng to purify and eleyate Ihe tprie of public mtrals, aud o do' bo, 'weriiaa "muVt herself. l(ye to a hlghl standard of,ex(neric.!- Worrieriof . -- f - l - fashion who live for pleasure arid to kill timej are treacherous to the divine, nature implanted arhigher and cobler ; ' : , ; in their The F;.sst "' Quarterly meeting of; the Relief Society of Salt Lake Co. will be held at the Fourteenth Ward Assembly Rooms on ' Saturday, March 23rd, 1878 punctually at 2 o'clock p. m.';;; Then Secretaries of the var ious wards' and districts are requested to send in a report previous to that time, in ordet that the Secretary may ihave an opportunity to peruse each roport; previous to reading therii in public yEacli brariclr of the Relief Society in this Stake of Zionis expected to furnish a concise statement of the first hrganization, arid of d change of officers, or a complete financial report' of all , - bosoms. vj (There is " circumstances. to as sUt In remedy tfag deleterious causes.; Is It not consistent that she should seek to under-- 8 land for herself all about the state of public morals, as well as the laws that regulate them', and finding much that is impure, and unjust, is it a marvel that she should desire to infuse into the atmosphere which- her own offspring and posterity must breathe, all the elements of goodness which she is capable of introducing. It is useifess to attempt to efaumerate all the different phases of enlightened' and iree go where man's power is almdit absolute,1 and woman be'she wrbngedOT'hrifortu hate beatsj against the iron bars of custom in vAiri. To be sufemany w6mri;cannpt see that It is any use to TOte and are mote willing to be injprisoned than; Iree, butlt is' partly because they prefer'to go on In the good way to any change, lest it should Involve ' them in more or greater difficulties. Men have made rapid strides in many old-fashion- of Utah. The"iooni Iri whichTit - was woven was made in Centreviile from a model brought from England, j There1 is an increased interest awakened 3n eri culture": bxQUgb t, about m ore particularly through .the untiring labois ;and exertions of Mrs. Ziria B. Young, Miss E. It. S n o w,Mrs. Mi I. Home, Mrs. E. B . Barney and other sisters who have labored ndefatigably in this arduous undertaking. Much credit is due these ladies for their courage and exertions under difiiculiiesr Vrid all sorts of 'iirifavorahle , inaderigleanded silk made from the elements home-mad- e - i ".' j 