WO MA N ' 3 IE X PON E NT 143 r' welfare of her fellow.beine'S. THE BIBLE AND ITS TEACHINGS. o and to t a than in broader sphere promote good SERMON YREVIJK. A. IIUEB3C "AT; she ought to affords? think I housewifery THE TEMPLE AnAWATII CIIESED. have all the rights and blessings she is cashe that to and may honor, enjoy pacitated be hotter qualified to bring up her sons to iTh.eiItejIf3q mon on the above subject at the Jewish tem make wise and useful men in the land; and to teach her daughters aright that they may ple AhawatiVXhesedLexjr bTth not long since. Hlslext was taken from that wo may keep increasing in intelligence, Genesis; ii. ''This is the book of the genof zealous a noblo wo become until erations of Adam. On the day that God people, unders"wisdom and full and of created man, in the likeness of God made good works, wants He him." tanding: this is just what the Lord p the be. to for Ever praying Hi3 people The great Roman orator, said the Doctor, has pronounced it that books had their fate. prosperity of all good works, and all who labor in building up Zion. Eliza. Some are still born, some live! for a short period andihen expire; thelvery few that survive in the; length of time become slaves; chained to tho shelves 'of the antiquarian DEATH IN THE DISHCLOTH. they ceaselo bo fields on which life reaps its harvest of wisdom and change into the secluded hunting ground, where the literthat -- AJady the "Rural World," ary chaser hunts after the rare game of ansayin daring the sickly months, when some of tique oddities. One book makes an exception. Its glorious destiny was sealed by you are sure to be down with the typhoid its first appearance and in spite of rolling ever, when neighbors are neglecting their are doctors own work to nurse you, when time and its destructive power this book, drains old the for and in cellars with never abating strength, serves its deshunting tination. If there be no other proof of the cause, let me whisper in your ear, Look to divine origin of the Bible its perpetual-youth,it- s your dishclothsl If they be black and stiff, "bone-yard," is and smell like a it never slacking use and usefulness, enough throw-thefrom hence and fire tho in speak sufficiently of its:Mperidrity:overail forth and forever wash your dishes with h u man wisdom . I V is the book for all 1 1 mes cloths that are white, cloths that you can and jilLrnen; itteacliesjhejdng justice and see through, and see if you ever have the humility, and infuse trust and dignity indisease again.: There are sometimes other to the beggar; it shows to. the learned tho boundaries where human wisdom ends, and causes, but I have smelled a whole houseful of typhoid fever in one ''dishrag J had brings the, dawning spirit of the child to some neighbors once clever, good, sort of the gates where human wisdom begins; it one were them one of four at sick Fall folk; advises the joyful to enhance and purify time with typhoid fever. The doctors orhis joys, and informs mercifully the aching i dered the. vinegar barrels wh te washed, .and,brklngiheartLliowlO-aUeviatQrroand threw about forty cents' worth of carand mourning. It raises the finger of warn, bolic acid In the swill-paiand departed. ing toward tho youth not, to trust in the I went into the kitchen to make giuel; I abundance of strength, and at the same locked and needed a dishcloth about and time lends the fortifying1 staff to the wey ; found several, and such "rags!" I burned wanderer for his last steps through tho them all, and called the daughter of the dark valley of death. It speaks to nations house to got mo a dishcloth. She looked and to individuals, to all humanity and to round on the tables. ''Why," said she, every single member of human kind. It there was about a dozen hero this mornpromulgates the highest principles of poliing;" and she looked in the woodbox and tics, and imparts the modest rules for the on the mantelpiece, and felt in the dark humble household; it embraces man in all corner of the cupboard. "Well," I said, "I dimensions, earth in all climates, time in all saw some old, black, rotten rags, lying changes, and eternity in all its glory." t One round and I burned them, for there Is death-iwould think that to cover such an immense such dishcloths as those, and you must. range of instruction a system must bo ap. n o ver use such again." I "took turns, plied which is complicated and and difficult befour that nursing family to be eomprehended. jfc is not so. Tho weeks, and I lieve those dirty dishelothswere thecause 7 whole book is based on one cardinal point, of all that hard work. Therefore I say to from whiclV all the streams of light break , every housekeeper, keep your dishcloths forth -- with such abundance, strength-anclean. You may wear, your dresses withintensity as to penetrate Into all circles' and out ironing," your sunbonnets without elas-tic- s classes of humanity's life. but you must keep .your dishcloths .The fountainhead of all human morality) clean. ' You may only co m b you r half on is concentrated In the one truth; on the day Sundays you need not wear a collar unless that God created man "in- - the likeness of you go irom home but you must wash God made he him!" From this relation of your dishclothr You may only sweep the man to God issues the infallible arrange- - , floor "when the sign gets ment of all relations between' man and right;" the need washing, you can look out man; moral affnlty and moral associations at the door; that spider's web on tho front this is the Alpha and Omega of the ScripPorch don't hurt as anythingbut, you love tural system. Tho faultlness of human life your lives, wash out your , dishcloth. Let is the sad consequence, of swerving, frond the foxtail ge t ripe in the garden seed (thy r;th.is- ysten a foot deep any let the hole way), The Doctor reviewed the various branch-- , heels of your husband's foot unrags go es of human activity, and how they are and earned, let the sago go ungathered, let the . how jthey ought to be." He spoke about the children's shoes go two Sundays without amount of genius, physical strength and Macking, let two hens it four weeks on the money, which is wasted in Europo at one wooden i. egg but do wasrryour this moment to destroy man and his prosEat without a, table-clotwash perity. If the" same means were applied to your iacc3and let them do a without dry, further the welfare of mankind, would we ; curtain for your windows, and cake for not progress further in onedecade than 'we' your s V or heaven's.f sake, keep your do in centuries? The great book proclaims clean; lovolove founded on moral affiinity and, iUi 110 CC r . m . w l, therefore, it will always remain sound and vigorous in its teaching, and the regeneration of humankind will take place, when the" Divine Book will be the respected and obeyed moral adviser of all the children of : Adam. " " .'" ' .V R. 8. REPORT. "' ' Kanab, Jan. Editor Exponent. v In Nov. 1873 25, 1878. tho sisters of Kanab Ward were called together by Bishop Levi StuRelief Society was organized art, and-with Sister Sarah Crosby as President. Owand many cares of the ing to the some of the other "officers President and they gave In their resignations, which were accepted. Dec. 15, 1877, the sisters of the ward met under tho direction of President James JU Bunting, and Bishop . W. D. Johnson, jun;, and were t reorganized with Mrs Harriet Bunting as president, Mrs. Arte-mac- y Stewart, and Mrs. Lucy A. Johnson as counselors; Mrs. M.? Elizabeth Little Sec retary, Miss Lovinia Johnson, Assistant Secretary, and Mrs. Elizabeth Solomon, v--Treasurer. .::..,--i v Bishop W. D. Johnson juu., at the same meeting organized a Young Ladies Mutual Improvement Association, with Mrs, Sophia T. Nuttal, .President Mrs." Sarah "LT Mariger and Miss Elizabeth A.; Nuttal as Counselors, Miss M. M. Farns worth Secre-tarand Miss E. CraniwTreasurer.: The brethren gave excellent counsel concerning the duties and priviliges of Relief Societies, and exhorted tho "sisters - to seek r after the spirit of the Lord,-- that they may be fitted for the great work before them; o With the help of the Lord we Intend to a ill-heal- th ; -- - a -- maK&me-iuiure success.y-ne-xQN- yf Ei is taken by several of tho sisters, and is read with interest. In future wo will try - ai"u 1U ' to be known amoner the mat excellent paper. The people of Kanab feel that the passing year will be to them a new era. We hope' the time is not: distant when the saying of the late President Biigham Young, will be roQliTPn" llfhflt Kflnali shall riA a. nrnsnornnt and beautiful city." mi, rjijrA&iiKxu. JU1TTL.JS, Dec y. . si" : WHY SOME PEOPLE ARE POOR; n d , win-dows.do- nH " - dish-cioth- h, -- dish-cloth- " : Silver spoons are used to scrape kettles. ; Joueer lea, pepper ana spice, are lert to stand open and lose their strength. Potatoes In tho cellar grow, and sprouts are not removeu unm ino poiaioes DC come worthless Brooms are never hung up and are soon : . spoiled. Nice handled knives are thowu into hot ..' ; water. ..,- -: The flour is sifted in a wasteful manner. find th ft hrp.Tfl.D5in la loffr rlK xt ,ln,trU , ' - .: :. r ' sticking to it. y : . ' Clothes are left on : the line to whip to v pieces In the wind. Tubs and barrels .are left, in the sun to uiy auu lau span. Dried fruits are not taken care of. In sea' son and become 'wormy. Rags, strings, and paper are thrown into 'J 1 J- - 1 . . A ; the fire. f Pork spoils for want of salt, and beef the brine wants scalding. 1 Bits of meat, .vegetables, bread, and cold puddings are thrown away, when they .might bo warmed, steamed; and served as bo-cau- j good as now. - se 