IJirXIXE 15. Editor. 1YIXLS, In Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms: One copy one year, $3.00; one copy eIx months, Tabllsticd 1.00. semi-monthl- y, Ten copies for the price of nine. e nents use" is, that woman will lose her charm, designated womanliness, when she can discuss knotty questions, has strong opinions, can match herself with man in force and intellectual ability, instead of sweetly assenting to whatever opinions he may hold, smiling all the while he Is pitilessly - crucifying all the liner feelings of her soul. " for-xn- an and womanWhy Is it not possible r to love each other truly, and dwell 'together in harmony, each according to the other all the freedom of thought, feeling, and expression to they would grant to one who wan not bound them by indissoluble ties; instead of the wife giving all that she may sit by his hearth, bear his children, preside, at his table, and merge her life into his,to the extinguishing and crushing out of all desires, ambitions, tastes, or capa- bilities for anything save what ho deems pro- per, or right, his wife should jfugage In. Let " man also prove himself noble enough to Bharo with her such laurels as either may be able to win in tho battle field of life, instead of arrogating to himself the right to dictate to her in all things, saying, 'thus far. fehalt thou go and ' no farther.'' , - Wedonot believe in pouring forth grievances, or reiterating wrongs; these are not arguments, and men will not have them; they must bo shown the happy side of the future, not the dark annals of the past. That we we know there is One, Who must leave-an- d would not even sutler a sparrow to fall to" the ground without His notice. Jesns never turmd away from woman in scorn, or loathing; and woman never sued to him in vain. Think of this, you who sit in the courts of the nation, and sneer at the mothers, wives and sisters who entreat you to devise some methods to save from wholesale destruction, by intemperance and other crying evils, their sons, their broor thers, their loved ones, their fellow-men- , allow them aYoico in the laws of the land, that will at least give them legal lights to protect themselves and their little ones. Of what are ye afraid? Has not woman extended to you tho hand of sympathy, meted out measure upon measure, pressed down and running over with love and heavenly charity? What more can she do to win your confidence in her desim to improve the condition of all Has she not : unselfishly sought mankind? your interest in everything which pertains to she slacken her efforts home happIness! ill to do y ou good became she has a wider field to labor in, and greater inducements to stimulate her exertions? No! wonn's happin ess "can never be complete without man's love; but that love molded and tempered by its assimilation to the exalted phase of womanwith all her powers and attributes awakened to a supreme consciousness of her true mission as man's real help meet, will give you participation in a purer sentiment, where there will be scope for all the love Implanted in the breast ; of man. Tiro is no doubt but that the concentrated energies and eloquence brought to bear- - upon Woman's cause in the National Congress thia present year will be long remembered, and even thoso whoproiess to r think lightly of it, . And, treated Ik wHhQntemp.t and,. withering ' sarcasm, will not-bable to forget the sublime; the enthusiasm, dignity and grace with which these noble women plead .for the rights of which they are unjustly deprive i. There aro some vali aa t workers in the cause of womanV progrcssion-.- we have them here our in midst; women who fare laboring in improving and elevating the condi-- . tlon of society, whoso efforts are untiring in fcoeking to promote a higher and more exalted inde-finabl- THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Advertising . feeling and sentiment in the minds of the young, than to spend their time in frivolity and nonsense Women who are prepared and fortified to endure the sneers and opprobrium of those who do not yet appreciate the cause they have Espoused; who in all humility seek for tho grace of God to aid them, in their to accomplish their noble purposes. ef-for-ts -- , S3.0Q. . A liberal discount to time, (2.00; per month, ' ' , regular advertisers. Exponent OJBcc, corner of South Temple, end First East sheets, opposite Eagle Gate. Business honrs from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. every day except Sunday. all business communications to Publisher Womak's Expoxekt, Salt Lake City, Utah. SALT LAKE CITY, FEB. 35, 1878. PROGRESSION . AVOMANS 4 Thenewspapers of the day among other items of Importance bring us good news of the pro gression of Woman's Cause.' The past year has given strength to the work by many Jargo conventions, calling together the strongest and most powerful minds from different partsof the country, and these women, earnest and zealous, have presented in the most forcible manner the ablest and most direct arguwoman'a-cievatioments, in favor-o- f The to ..cf right equal opportu titles education is one of tho points in question, and much has been done to give woman opportunities for cultivation in the higher branches of literature ro-- r cenlly. But many of those who do not direct ly oppose it, (knowing woman has tho best side of the argument) sneer, and ridiculo and insinuate, and in all sorts of indirect ways use their Influence to keep women from pursuing those avocations thatar considered the most eligible for man. Tho better educatod woman is, tho more sho can accomplish for the good it all; tho better 6he can perform the duties of wife and mother which we consider tho highest duty except . n. limit iiiuijy au- wwuiiunj iw a vva vuu vance against woman's higber education, and freedom, is that H will unfit. her for tho position nature has assigned her as wife and mother. Uat we sincerely believe lt will only the better qualify her. The mother who has strong characteristics 'properly developod will transmit them to her children in a marked degree. This Is a fact readily conceded by every person of good judgment; then the more highly educated tho mothers arc, the greater power of intellect tho children will inherit. So long has custom tyrannized over woman to keep her in subjection, that it will only bo by small degrees women themselves can com. prchend the advantages arising from the progress of independence "of thought and action, and a knowledge for themselves. Tho fields of usefulness now open to woman are widening everv ilaw Anc th good men hero as cisowhere, who welcome her to the avenues which lead to a higher jango of intellectual and spiritual culture. But men cannot walk by faith as women can, it is not so much in their nature; they ..want. facts jru ino uiuy, ana uiq resuus.ur practiu;. and it will take a lltllo tlmo to prove whether tho condition of societ is materially benefitted by woman's broader expanse of labor In the public, as well as private interests cf humanity. Some things have been already proved; that women aro capablo of mastering, as thoroughly and perfectly &i men, the theory ana practice of teaching, tho science of medicine aud anatomy, and many other branchcs.of education and art.' Tho ono strong point that oppo- - 1 . . EDITORIAL NOTES. The Municipal Election passed off more harmoniously than appearance seemed to indicate. The People's Ticket carried by a large majority. The "Dcseret News" of Tuesday 12 inst contains among other good items, an interesting letter from Washington, by C. A. 8., an interview between Hon. George Q. Cannon, Delegate froni Utah, and the reporter of the Washington Post. Jn this encounter Br. Cannon seems to hav6 spoken ,very plainly and in language not to be misunderstood. Dispatches felFusin reference to the death of Pope Pius IX, that he was attacked with a sort of suffocation or difficult breathing at 8 o'clock on Wednesday evening, the 8th inst., at 11 o'clock he was very much worse; then he took the crucifix, from under his pillow, and blessed those around him. He afterwards blessed the Sacred College at the request oHf Cardinal whcTwas present. "Tho7 Cardinals in attendance relieved each other in praying by the bedside. At 3 40, tho corpse was livid, Solemn masses and requiems for the Pops are being held in large citie3 throughout the different countries where Roman Catholic Churches are established and great pomp and ceremony are manifested on his account - The official report of the physicians who attended the Pope, report the cause of his death 'Paralysis of the lungs.' The Pope was to lie instate three days Tint be Hallef the conxi3tofy, after tho preliminary congregation, which took place immediately after his death. The body will Jie in the Basilica of St Peter await-- , ing the last ceremony. It is expected the ceremonies will continue nine days, after which the conclave will close. HOME AFFAIRS. --Y- , e ear-nest- ly The Utah "Musical Bouquet" No 10, VoL has been received, and we are pleased with its contents, and gratified to know that among other homeprodu:ctions, Utah has begun to develop musical talent. We trust the Musical Bouquet will find many friends and patrons irf the homes of the saints. The Utah 'Musical Times No. 11, Vol. 2, is an excellent copy. Itcontains notes of interest on the subject of musical composition3styIe, etc, as'well as items regarding composers of all bound in volumes they will make a valuable additon to home literature. " Lectures delivered under tho ausplcs of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement As-Bociat- lon aTeawakenjng' among tho 3Toung men. Thft lecture of Elder Moses Thatcher published In the "Deret . News" of Feb. 9th, contains many excellent ideas, and couched in language simple yet eloquent The lecture is well worth studying as well as casually reading. But reading a is not as impressive, howover carefully it may be read as hearing it delivered by a person who feels himself what he speaks, and throws Into his subject the force of his re- :. let-tu- re 