W O M A jN ' S !'.., . - For the Expoest. ' OBEDIENCE TO PRINCIPLE? Oh, may thoLerd inspire ur hearts, Help us to yield to Ilia decree; Ilia Spirit now to us impart, That we obedient niay be. r The time will come when we'll rejoice, Ttiough p'raps with sorrow now bowed down; Oh, listen to the still, small voice, Tbo conqueror shall wear a crown. v.. Then surely, sisters, we'll not shrink From what our Father says 13 pure; Oh, let us now begin to think Then, sisters, let us lift our hearts To God, who bears and answers prayer; ....w. Cal Ion His name, trust in His grace, That we the victor's crown may wear. Emma Monnis. TENNYSON'S HOPE OF THE "FUTURE, : man'sr they rise or sink bond or free. Together dwarfed or miserable. If she be small, slight-natureHow shall men grow? But work no more alone, Let man be more of woman, sbo of man; He gain in sweetness and in moral hight, Nor lose the wrestling thews that throw the world; She mental breadth, nor fail in chfldward care, Nor lose the childlike In the larger mind; Till at the last she set herself to man, Like perfect music untp noble word; And so these twain, upon the skirts of time, Sit side by Eide, in all their power?, Dispensing harvests, eowing the e. Self -- reverent each and reverencing each. Distinct in individualities, But like each other, even as those who love, Then comes the statelier Eden back to men; Then reign the world's great bridals chaste and calm; Then springs the crowning race of human kind. May these things be." -Tennyson's "The Princess." ' God-lik- e, " full-summ- ed to-b- -- SELECTEd. , ' For the Exponixt. SCANDAL. I r u in x- weaknessas. We should observe the "Golden Rule" and do as we would like to bo done by. Wo have a promiso that tho measure we mete out shall be measured to us again. We may try to fool ourselves into the belief that evil is not in our hearts, and wo may succeed iu nSakipg others believe the same, because of our smooth way of working, but the effect is the same. We should not smooth the brow with one hand and undermine With the other. People may in hans!jJutJ tents of the heart, and will repay us in his own time." Wo may sail along with flying colors, for a time, and feel secure in our course, but the promise Is sure and wo Will reap our reward. Then let us examine our hearts before it is too late, and cast from our mind all jealousies and envious feelings, and seek to build up, and not magnify the faults of best of all; comfort others, but speak-th- e and console, add prove ourselves blessings in very deed. In' blessing others we bless ourselves, and it Ms the only road to true happiness. , There are none of us so very happy and independent that we can dispense with How each others help and sympathy. much unhappiness has been caused by evil .speaking; how much suffering for tho want of charity; how much" evil is wrought under the cloak of friendship. An open, avowed enemy is preferable to a smoothtongued, deceitful friend. The first cannot do one-hatho injury that the other can. We might say, tho Lord del ivcr us from our professed friends, and wo have not much to fear from our enemies; Slander should bo done away with among those professing to be Saints. It is an evil that few, if any, are exempt from. It creates prejudice, and I believe it causes more trouble than anything else. It makes people feel as though they were guilty, by its powerful depressing influence, when they are not. Now, I would exhort all to cease, or put away this evil, and not condemn in others what wo justify ourselves in doing. Let us cultivate love towards each other, and turn our attentions and abilities in 'doing something useful, that we may earn a blessing, instead of a cursing. It may be necessary that offences come, "but woe to them by whom they come.0 These are the words of the Savior; let us beware. There is enough good work to bo done to keep all busy, and none need to infringe, or crowd, upon another. Our motto should bo "live and let live." There should be happiness enough for all. There is no need of one's trying to monopolize stepping on somebody else in order to bo the highest. We can never build ourselves up on another's ruin; it must bo done on true worth or not at all. Our Father in Heaven is just; He is no respector of persons; one of His children is just as precious in His eyes as another, providing their works are as good. The innocent will eventually triumph, and the guilty bo punished. Theso words should sink deep into our hearts, for there -- is much need of we are aware of. Wo know our own hearts - Eng. tho least of any. o we are faithful, we shall stand With those who've nobly borno the croes; If we oppose, we'll understand To disobry will be cur loss. Is A not understand the workings of both If "The woman's cause IS eel impressed to write a few words on scandal, which I hope will not bo amiss. It seems to be prevalent among Saints, as well as fiinuers, to speak ovil of one another. And the question arises in my mind, Why is it so? Why do we take pleasure in circulating evil reports about our fellow crea- .v, uui ou tuusmuit'u as lo De able to enjoy life while we seo others happy? Does their happiness and good reputation hinder us from enjoying the same blessing? Why do we allow envy to rise and rule over our better natures, and seek to destroy the character of a brother or sister? If they have weaknesses, are we free from faults? Are wo not the children of tho same Heavenly Father, and striving to e samo glory "and exaltation? Why do wo seek continually to pull down and. destroy tho works of our Maker? Is. a not more noble to build up and spread peace and joy, comfort and hap' piness, and strengthen the hearts of those around us? Are they not human, and of joy and sorrow? . do we not observe tho commandments Why of our Savior, and put on charity as a mantle, and extend it to our neighbors? Tho revelations say, "Without charity our righteous, ness will profit us nothing.' Charity co v. ereth a multitude of sins. And if the Lord being perfect, can forgive us, how uch more necessary la it for to wch other, and bear with m forgive each other's , su3-ccptib- le lf May 24, 1878.. CORRESPONDENCE. Savoia, New MExrco.'Juno 4, 187-Mrs. E. B.,Wells: Dear Sister: feeling that a few lines from . this iar.off phco might be of Interest to the many readers oi mo you, or somo of . duty of every them, believing it to be thosome means, in sister In Zion to assist, by work. Our paper ia the great Latter-dastill read with great Interest. It seems to me I coud not do without It now. It is three months yesterday since we ar 1 ri veil at our new home. There aro four families from Utah and two fr.om Arkansas y present; arid notwithstandliving here at our ing wo are r separated from : many of condear friends in Utah, vo feel quite tented, --jealizlngthatclt is in the provi-- i . : been called to build up the wasto places of Zion, and aro m mo enjoymem oi puuu The hero in a wfld Indian country. valley Is a very pretty one; tno nms , all sides are covered, with large ana on grand old pine, whilo there aro many flowers to add still another charm, and ren- der tho scene more picturesque. I will not for attempt description farther, leaving itseen some one more capable. We have but few Navajoes, compared with the hundreds by whom wo aro surrounded Those that have called to seo us appear kind, ana some have expressed a desire to come and Hvo near us. Until recently tho Indians have been afraid of us, as wo, have all had -- : . here by somo emigrants early in tne wincase, ter. The malady, In. nearly overy 1. mmmtr vtitt hrnft- - "EVm K!o .'.I: J J V.J'" nl--8 in nnr TTpa vp.nl V Fjlili- a fhAv twflf wintpr has bftpn TTrtrrtrn. f XJLU IT ' VV) very trying time to some. Tho .whole we are favored family affected at once. If with rain wo will probably raise our bread and quite a varietyr of Vegetables. Thd weather is beautiful, and the health of all generally good. Wo miss so much our oAALniflioffnffsi with thAi ftisfpra thaftrfl have been used. to. It would be such a glorious treat to seo the kind faces of somo of our dear sisters, and hear their wise counsels once more; yet wo must bo pav tient and wait, though as some poet has writton, "The waiting timo is the hardest . . ;" time of all.' was to Dear Sister Wells, how grieved I learn that Emma was dead, and even now it does not seem possible I shall never, seo her again on this earth. I knew. and loved, her for myself; I can never forget her kind face the' last time we metso full of sym-- t pathy. It was. last fall at tho Ogden depot; I was in the waiting room stopping until the train for Salt Lake City started. In my arms was my poor baby 'almost dying. In my sorrovs I should not have noticed her had she not recognized me, and with her usual kindness como to try and sootho the poor little suffering one. He died In " tho city, and now Emma has gonjs. t You had many dear ones and I only one, yet : ; . their Heavenly Parehtlalmed both yours and mine; and if the pure are all together, '. mere we Know mat tnoy aro happier than whilo here. I have a dear mother gone' f AA Q rifl T AAnTrl rtrii nar fm i nAntlA. l ings to watch over my llttlo one than my i" mother and your departed Emma. For-gwe me for writing thus, 1 had not thought to do so. We know in whom we trust, and : that wear living for tho future more than tho present. Moy God ble33 and comfort you and all who aro tried in this life. Our " reward is sure. . Yours with respect, " . ; ' Mauy tuaet BunNiiAir. Puncu onco said "Men and women havo died of dignity" he meant false dJgniiy. 1 : 