WOM 20 THE WOMAFS EXPONENT. Editor. Published semi-monthl- y, In- - Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms: One copy one year, $2.00; one copy six monthe, 1.60. Ten copies for the price of nine. 'AdvertiBhi g rates; Each eqxiarc, ttn line of nonpareil space, one time, 13.00; per month, tS.OO. A literal dificonnt to regular advertisers. Exponent Office, cornerlof South Temple, and First Sastgticcts, opposite Eaglo Gate. Business hours from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. every day except Sunday. Address all business communications to Publisher Womah' Extonknt, "L :i: SaltlalujCity, Ulan,:, SALT LAKE CITY, JULY 1, 1878. AN'S EX PO N EN T. ed courage, and these characteristics prepare them to uso more discreetly any trust or confi-denc- e reposed in them. They are fully aware that any antagonism oi defiance towards men, would hinder instead of helping them, that both must together for the mutual benefit of all, fcr "woman is not without man nor man without woman in the Lord," and they aru engaged in the Lord's work, The men of this community were anxious woman should have the "franchise' believing it to be just and right that he should have every opportunity to represent her own cause. The many responsibilities placed upon the sisters of thit ChurehidiculdLawake sit y of becoming conversant with the tuijtct of laws, governments, and the history of nations past and present, in order that they may the ballot judinusly, and vote understanding, as well a? to maintain other privi-lige- s and rights which they enjoy.. One cannot be too well infoimed in regard to the laws of nations and the relations of countries. No woman should content herself- with a simple assertion from another, ard feel she has no time to read, or study and inform herself, or attend the meetings held among the sisters for general Instruction. By prudently economizing time, every woman in the enjoyment of average health, whatever her domestic cares may be, can find some time for personal culture, and it will promote health and happiness both. A better knowledge of one's self, of the relations of individuals to each other, and their duty to God, with fervent faith In His ho?y Gospel, will fit man and woman for co-oper- ate u-- e ; THE WOMEN OF UTAU. In the United States, and Great Britain, the women of this people are a popular subject of conversation. What is safd of them wnnTfl we are told, make volumes were it written! Domietic drudges, ignorant, low and vulgar, is . the verdict passed upon them as a body. They have no opinions, they are not in possession of intelligence, isolated and kept in subjection, required to fulfil only menial relat'ons even in marriage; these and a thousand ot her absurdities are palmed off" upon those who are uninformed on the subject and are accepted as persons, are wise enough to investigate for themselves while visiting Utah and not t e put ofl with somebody's ay bo." But theee cases are so rare comparatively, that the general public are not much enlightened on thesub-j- t ct. Borne facts are now understood concerning this people; because the condition of the country has established them; it was formerly known as a desert, it is now full of flourishing towns, this is apparent; with schools, manufactures, churches, railroad's and all the facilities. for cultivation and improvement. The Latter-da- y faints are known as the pioneers and motive power in these great changes. Is it consistent to fupSjr8e that men have accomplished so much towards beautify ingand improving a country associated with women of inferior calibre? No! The mothers, wives and daughter have been and are, co workers in all these infinite and arduous under takings. They have labored incessantly in the'inter8'8 of their families, to use an elevating and refining Influence; and that which would tend to peace and good will. y they occupy a position of which they may justly be proud, notwithstanding all tbo aspersions cast upon them. To be sure their educational opportunities in the past, and the advantages of "socallei been euch as wopolite society," have-n- ot men of the world have enjoyed, but shut up in their mountain home, free from the evil intlu-euct- s which prevail to an alarming extent in more demely populated and older communities, they have deve'.ored other capabilities and powers of mind that have given them strength of charscter and personal attributes calculattd to raise them in the scale of intellect and intelligence, beyond thcee who spend n jo'much time" and devote their ri ciou? 'talents to the frivolities and accomplishments of fashionable life, which a'.l tend to weaken instead of strengthening character. The peculiar exigencies, and experitnet-- of Mormon Ufa have hud a tendency to make wo" men and and have therm indomitable energy, and undaunt given self-eviden- t To-da- Gcd-give- telf-helpfu- l, self-relian- t, - the truest enjoyment Three attainments can never le reached by sitting idly down and waiting, they demand diligent and constant action, and a rightful exercise of aU the facul ties of one's nature. The Tabernacle Choir will give a concert in the Tabernacle on the Fourth of July, under the supervision of Mr. Careless,leader of the Choir, whose talent for direct-inand arranging will give it popularity. Mrs. L. Careless, Miss 8. E. Olsen, Messrs. B. B. Young, Mark CrbxalJ, J. J. Daynes and other vecal and instrumental, performers will take-parin the performance. The proceeds arc to be donated towards the building of the N w Tabernacle. well-know- n g t Miss Poka H. Byron, of London, England a lady traveling for pleasure, made us a scchl call on Monday June 24, to see and hear something cf Mormons and Mormonisrn. Miss By. ron has been making a tour of the United States and Canada, has heard much said against our people, especially the condition of our women; she evidently intends to see ar d hear for herself. She is interested in the movement, and expresses herself as being astonished to see so much good being done by Mormon women. wo-man- 's Elder J. F. Wells, . Pres't. of the Central Committee of the Y. M. M. I. A., and Elder M. H. Hardy, his Counselor, are about to start on a tour into the country in the interest of the young peoples' Associations. They will interest themselves specially in seeking to advance the spiritual and educational interests of the territory. They will visit Morgan, Summit, Rich and Bear Lake Counties, returning by way or (jacne, Box Jider, weber and Davis Counties, making it a point to fneet with all the Associations wherever practicable. Gcd and bless them in their efforts for culture and higher developmenj among the young f peed people. On Monday, at 12 o'clock, June 10, we went in company with Miss E. R Snow, to the United States Court-roowith Sister Anr ie nr i "i: na-i j 10 procure ner seconu luusstir wuo uesireu turalization papers. We found it to be a very in1' ixianoi atwuijiisu) uuu uuiuiug unpleasant whatever connected with if, and would advise all the sis'ers who have not yet become citizens to make no delay wbateve?r,im l "go and do likewise, " There are many goo l and sufficient reasons why wcinen should become naturalized as well as men, and our fosters should comprehend it. To all the tisters who have not done so we would urge upon them the propriety c f attending to it while, there )s so good an opportunity. ' .4 m, HOME AFFAIRS, In 1 tub imre of Exponent June 1st, tho report of sericulture at Itockville 'should have stated five ounces of silk worm eggs instead of s for sale, it dozen, and instead of should read silk worm eggs. silk-worm- Letters, Essays, Relief Society Reports, and other items laid over until another issue. The Quajterly Conference occupies considerable space but we feel that it is essential to be particular in publishing these minutes for the henefitof the country societies. Most of the Sunday Schools of the different wards in the city have been recreating and rusticating in the rural gardens in the vicinity, of late, giving the children a fine opportunity for a day's pleasure in the open air, with a variety of amusements to add to their enjoyment. In company with Mr. M. I. Home, Mrs. 8. M. Heywood and Mrs. B. W. Smith, we visited the Relief Society at Mill Creek, and Sugar House Ward on Tuesday Juno 25th. Ex1 cellent meetings at both places with a full attendance of men as well as women. The sisters are bee milng more and more alive to the exigencies of the times and encouraging home indus'ries, storing grjin and alf good works. The Royal Baker, a pamphlet compiled by tho New York Cooking Fchool, will giveym directions for making every" variety of bread, griddle cakes, puffy, mufiins, waffles, buns, erackets, toasts, pastry, pies and puddings, dumplings, fritters and pancakes meat pies etc.; it contains 301 recipes how to make the different kinds of articles mentioned. It would be valuable to housekeepers as referencePrice 0 ctr. tea-biscuit- , -- - -- . Miss Eliza R. Snow and Mrs. Zina D. Young are making.a tour in the interest of the Belief Stcleties and Retrenchment Associations through portions of Utah, Juab and Sanpete Counties. They left Salt Lake City on Mod-damorning Juno 17, held a meeting at American Fork at 2 o'clock p. m. the same day, anil again in the evening, at Pleasant Giove on Tuesday, at Mona on Wednesday, at Nepbi on y Tbuisday, and from thence proceeded to Foun- tain Green in Sanpete Co. The meetings at all points were numerously attended and mucb interest awakened on the subjects cf also storing especially grain, and other departments of labor among the sisters. bome-in-du-trie- seri-cultur- ?, e, who resides in tlio I2lh Waid ef this city, and whose name is mentioned in one of the revelations in the Book of Doctrine and Covenants, was ninety-on- e years old on Monday June 10. The next day she accompanied the Old Folks Excursion to Ogden. She is In excellent health and feel3 asif frhe migM yet live many years. She lives entirely alpne, never havipg had any Sister Vienna Jaques 