WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 7118 am ..j i .... 1 ! EXTR ACTS FROM'- THE BALLOT BOX. - Woman's general devotion to everything except what Immediately tjoncerns her own highest interests, her sacrifice have been Mo1 long', and so sweetly -- suncr W poetsV priests "ana vpbiIosopheraas self-abnegati- lf. on ' poorto entetilnstitutlons oMearning, On Oct. 25th, we were favored with a visit from Sisters E, IW Snow, Z. D.rVoung ' and E. Davis; our Bishop arid his Connsel-ors- , besider a nu mber of brethren and Our from Parad meeting was one of great interest, andJh Spirit of God rested upon both speakers and hearers. It is the first visit we have had from Sisters Snow and Young, but we hope and If able are denied vadmlttance. It to sustain not commendable-forewomechurches, iu which the gifted of their sex may not pray and preach, nor share in their offices and honors, got have a voico in its business matters, creeds and, discipline. kill 2 1 I I jk.' !HflVri. j. 1. otitiMli ltlir-nb- that has done a better revival work than Mrs Van Cott, and yet a uaiirornia Disnop refused to ordain her. Oh. making her ap. - h 'V Mrs;' Van Cott said : plication u "During the last year, 'through my labors, "1'haVe' brought one thousand seven hundred and thlrty.flve persons Into the Church. Have T not'shown my capacity to fill the ' V position?" have." the Bishop, you ''"Certainly," says "order to accomVan Mrs; "In Cott; Says plish these conversions I have travelled in one yean7,208 miles; Have I not shown my capacity to .bear i&tigueiimd exposure, ami to. renounce temporal comforts in labor, . Ncine, ; ' says the Bishop, "none." fkJ&sly&n Cotf: "I have speriti;77C hours' in religious mee tings during one year. lias any nlnister in the land exhibited a greater Zeal and a more devoted steadfast. uess ill iuu auu; j "None," says the Bishop; none. Yon biivA and written and nmvftd ami and 1,735 persons, received preached ; ' through your ministrations Into theChrch, lvrT HTflnT " Orrl f Awful faetlmAnn f rv itauu Bun :jv aiiuiuujr w jf ' power in converting sinners to Christ and saving souls from damnation.; but but buU-yare a The Bishop, paused, iSpeak! speak 1' said Mrs. Van Cott. "Say what I am that should keen me from doing the work oFmyGodImdSavloTf r u Said the Bishop ; you Mrs. a aro Van . you Cottj h, go on' said Mrs. Van Cott. "Do t notj hesitate to tell me what Is the terrible thing you would name. Go on. What ter 'rlblo crimev'veIr,ccmmUted,(.'that'- you ishniild disnnaUfv' mo fnr flhrkt'a J J ; - - ; -- ou ou-yo- are' t - ' l LI 11 T Jit- - ' .1 Said tho Bishop V I will not ordain you. ::- :Youa,,':;-:,!J::V;'--:, fi.WIiat am I?'T ' v;:r -- said Mr?. Van Cott. "Out with' It. Speak like a v man. Name my x crime." ; . y-j;- "Ohl" said the Bishop, "it Is nocriire . , only alerrible misfortune" 'Qhl name my misfortune then," said Mrs. Van Cott. If it is one that debars i Smitiieield, Dec. 13, Editor Exponent. On the 29th of October we had have nfeaeheX899, sermons. Could more be ask. 1 ed? .".What man of you aHhas done more Blizabetii Bennion. 1877. a visit -- ; So-cle-ty on-th- e f sis-ter- from-Babyh- co-wor- ker , in Zionr m - Eukabeth T. Jcshaw. I rejoice that I li ve in this dajr and age of the world, and I feel that I shall bo dila. tory indeed if I do not mingle my voice and leld msr peri for tho glorious cause of truth. I know that the cause of Zion is rapidly advancing, and already the day-stbegins to shine forth in beautiful majesty and loveliness; and woman's work seems to An ottlVr1rl 4 Tna Anil nil Ua uc liin.A(ioiniyi luuuaoiugy uwuocuutu uuuca nuu ail mo various paraphernalia which heretofore made up woman's life or her whole duties, seem to be only a part of the great life mission. There seems to be more requirements daily ; and may God grant her wisdom, and humility and meekness of spirit that her works may shine forth more and more until the perfect day. And now that sheis being called upon to come forth and iaKe Jier piace Desiae man, to oe in the spheres that formerly was nGt thought proper for "poor weak woman," lien example should shirio before those no t so nigoiy giueu, ior an are not enaowea alike with nature's gifts. . .The power of examplo is great, and while we a're great in goodness, let us also be good in greatriess, not forgetting to show ourselves kind to the poor, and crenerous to all The Lord . said, "the poor ye have always," as if there would always be a test for:., us, and "if ye do it unto one of the least of these," ete. Then we should not forget the small things while alluding to the more weighty mat- - : ar from Sisters E. R. Bnow, Zina D. Young, and Elizabeth Davis, from your city, who 8poke to us words of comfort and gave us good instruction in the various missions that women are expected to perform in this kingdom ; may God give us wisdom and strength to carry them out, and may these noble sisters Jive long to speak words ot comfort and encouragement to the sisters of Zion. ,., In vNovember, ouresteemed and .. wprthy President, Elizabeth T. Morehead, . resigned her office as President of this of poor healthy we . were very sorry to lola her for she has been a mother, counselor and friend to us all, ever since the first organization of the in this place, the sisters presented her ;a testimonial of their love and respect, we also got up a surprise party and gave her a numbefjof usefulpreserits.'SInce then our Society has been reorganized with the following officers. Adallne Barber, President, Cordelia M. Moreheadand Mary Jane Roskelly, Counselors; Elizabeth T. Jusha w, Secretary, Margaret Story; Treasurer. We have built a small but comfortable house to meet in, and we had it dedicated 10th of this month. We have Stored up l some grain, not so much as we should have done had the grasshoppers not destroyed so much this season; we have a store started which we hope will encourag the a to wear home-mad- e articles, and thus do away with importations We are trying to keep pace with every good work that comes along. That We may bo enabled to continue Is the wish of - your fister and WOMAN'S WORDS. ; Neilsen, Secretary. xou nave." M , 824reiigi6us ; meetings and I 7 Christina Liljenquist, Pfesideut, N.'M. 3ays Mrs. Van Cott: "In the prosecution pf my ministerial work I have written ,in one year, 650 letters ; and I have attend- .' nt instructions, they urged dustries and silk culture, and also exhibited specimens of Utah silkj which1 were very beautiful, showing that our climate is suit- able for that branch of industry. They also spoke In favor of the Exponent, arid urged the sisters to sustain The members of our Society , as- a major-ity- y are alive to their duties, both in look- -. log after the needy and helping to build Temples; wo are going to tallhe cbunset of our sisters and open a store for our home products, and hope to have it started before Christmas. ; ,Mes,. Bays ino uisnop, ex-jcelle- - f ; other thelastrAmong IhomeLln- ifcr 1 ingjor the faith?" ber t r: one sis-"ter- s; -- t Elizabeth Bennlon, Secretary, Lula Sharp, Treasurer. Our settlement is somewhat scattered, and several of the sisters cannot speak our language, yet Our meetings are well attended, and wei are increasing in unity of feeltoward ing and are trying to do something -AVe meet every great work. rolling feel the influence of two weeks and always to us. be with God We have of the Spirit members enrolled, the young thirty-tw- o ladies meeting with us, as we are so few in numben iWe have built a granary to store out wheat in, bushdlS fiafe-l- y of whieh we have thirty-nin- e stored, in good condition. Our desires are for the success of all those; who are helping to build up the kingdonr of God. We remain your sisters in. the Church, Editor Exponent: is A REPORTS. IIybum, Cacue Co., Nov. 20, 1877. -- rtoo w E. Cady Stanton. K. S. . organized into a branch of the Relief Society, January 2Gth, 1877, with the following sisters as omcers: Mrs, Jennet C. Sharp, President. "You are you are God give me strength Jojspeak it! You are a WOMir .' er pitiful than; commendable for Our young women to go about 'begging funds to educate young men fdrtfce ministry or for missionaries to;, foreign. lands, to decorate churches, etcM whilertho majority of their pwn sex. are. Ignorant, helpless, degraded, . - 4he acino 4)trftumn perifieuqnrinatrjemi "nine vanity Is quite aptrto take that form of expression.- Now to my mind His rath. - Vernon Settlement, Dec. H, 1877, Editor Exponent: The sist ers of thisji ttle settlement were me from ordination to do the work of my - Heavenly Master, then, indeed, it Is a mis, .fortune; but I will bear it"" Name it, and bear it." through Christ's help, I willsaid the Bishop. ; "I will not ordain you," - ' nis-coun-s- - - elor i As Christian cv isCrvinrr to cot another bill through Congress, let us sisters be a . firm phalanx a unit of oneness, that will IUO pynCiiUI VVUU Olson. overthrow and destroy our faith. We have a good Relief Society in this ward who are trying to carry out the coon-se- l of our late beloved President arid oth crs, in Storing Grain, and all other duties V Required of us. With prayers for the success of the Exro-- , nent and.all who assist to carry on woman's ; wtr, i remain yourslster in the,gospej, A Elizabeth Smith. 