V 4f; I. HSty-ivti- t 'TOck"l)iiitIiiiirs' were erected, one n. and hall store,' the other a raiiafv" cariable of holding about eight thousand bushels of grain; the latter building costing sixteen ' ' I hundred dollars. . Impressions she received in early" life caused her to be religiously inclined. When she was only five years old her mother was taken very sick. The little Ruth went and prayed that her Come comrades of the Past, mother might get well. Her prayer was And spend with me this joyous day, answered, her mother recovering" almost For O, it chance may be the last, immediately. At nine years of, age she I ForJjackward as gaze and think joined the Methodist church, but would 'not I see the road is long, receive baptism unless she could be immersed. After considerable discussion she Since sixty years ago today, carried the point, and was baptized by im- We pledged our vows 'mid solemn song." """""i iuuiuuj;ii il u a, euiurary to t'.ie general praTioTln that, church at. that "Tt-- it was a gladsome scene," time. . To see you dear, a happy bride. She-wthe mother of fourteen children, -A'youthful !5ok upon your face, Your bridegroom by your side; only three of whom survive her. She was ' an active' public worker, one who was ready The frosts of Time had lightly touched,' '. Okiku.k Curtis, Sec'y. "and willing to respond to every call; her Your hands that were so fair, whole soul was in the work from the time But threads of gray were braided in, BIOGRAPHICAL SKKTCH. she was baptized until ie day of her death. Among your once dark hair, A devoted mother and faithful companion, Proud sons and daughters stood around, .SISTKR RUTH WICLTON . TYJ.KR a friend to the needy, comforting the sick Your earthly bliss to crown, T" Who departed this IiIeApnl "14, 1B97," and administering " to their ' necessities And deeper were your joys that day, ' She was faithful in this life Jnd has gone to Than when your hair was brown. j after an illness of only three days. She was the daughter ot Asa and Clarissa receive the reward of .the righteous. III. Norton Welton; "was. bom in SpafTord, " One Year Ago !" All things are changed. RESOLUTIONS. Onondaga Co., New York, February 25, Though my bridal day again has come; 1S20, and was baptized into the Church of Adopted by the officers and members of the For o'er Life's portal you have crossed, Beaver Latter-daward Relief Society. in Saints' Jesus Christ of And I sit today alone. Whhheas, It has p eased God to ca'l from our place, January 1832, by Elder Jared midst I reach my hand to yours, my love, our beloved president and SisCarter. She was the first of her family to ter Ruth Tyler; therefore . As I did a year ago, be i? , embrace the Gospel. She moved to Resolved, That we deeply mourn her But I cannot feel your answering clasp and most sincerely sympathize with loss, in her Ohio with 1834 parents That always thrilled me so, her family and friends and ask God to comfort She was married to, her them. No,you are gone and 1 am left, companion, Daniel Tyler, September 11, Resolved, That h:r death has caused vacanAh, it were better so, Caldwell to Far and we know not how to fill; but we realize that West, 1S36. emigrated cy The must fit the nest, "Come spend with me this happy day, Tor I'm again a bride; And through the changing- scenes of life We si I stand side by side; V; still clasp hands as long ago When youthful dreams were ours And Life seemed one long holiday, .' To spent 'mid leafy bowers. Come, come my fri nds who love me, .iiimvinx .Minutes ui Lint meeting wert read and approved. ruler the bead of business was an in iegaid to chalice of 'r""'" tune of annual meeting-of Federation of clubs. . At the. request of the Federation Ivnteitainment committee the names of those who will assist in' entertaining Federation quests were' given. Mrs.' Dickinson . . Ks.. 11.. unaoie to act as delegate from th e tress Llub, Dr. Curtis was anointed in her place. Resignation of Miss S L. Munroe as a jneraber of the club was' read and accepted. Program of the evening; Life of Lincoln,' Mrs. Phebe C. Young. "Social Weill Washington Mrs. Uruwn. iueaext!itUv4bir-chib-it-- i ie May 2o, 8 p. in. at usual' place.' "The war betweeil 'feeee and Turkey will be the Sentiments from topic lor .discussion.N.. P, Willis. - ,u"n . s . . " - , " by-hersel- f . . v , s as - ' . . - -- " . the-sam- y e co-tvork- er, Kirt-land- . life-lon- wedding groom or his loving bride to go. And so I wait the wedding feast, As in the Long Ago, . When we pledged our lives forever, Though ages come and go. And I &m still your loving bride. , Though you so Are resting now on the hillside Beneath a gray white stone. ' IV But our wedding day will come again, Never more to wane; And soon your hand will close o'er mine, weary-grown- , To I never part again. hear the song-bird- s singing Among the leafy bowers, An fragrance rare fills' the balmy Frm the many dainty flowers. -- air,--- - our garden plot of " Home," Where you by the wicket gate, Keep watch for the loved who tarry long For the evening groweth late. r Again I come a youthful bride, To the kingdom you have made for me, And see ! I bring our children too, dear. To keep through all eternity. Lydia D. Alder. I is ; , ATrauer thought of my friend, Mrs. M. Isabella Home, "..',' ; M 'lV 9 1897. CoTT-MoTT-arriv- V. P. C. ,W.i..BC.:;Jield Hs.. ng its, regular April 30, 1897, at the office of the 'WoxiA.N 's President Fox. JSxpons NT. Ued the meeting to' order at, 8 p. m. ' our loss is her gain, nd that God doeth all nines well, and that - c must be resiiined to Min wilTT Rfi solved, That a copy i,f this sketch and resolutions be placed upon our record book, oue tfiven to t ie bereaved.Jamily, and one sent to the' Woman's Exponent for publication. - ' August's, lS.w; was iTnr 1 7 expelled from that place under the exterminating, order of Governor Lilhuni .W. Boggs, February 13, 1S39. She went to Illinois where her daughter, the late Pariu- tha 0. Oakden, was born June 4, of the same year. Moved to Nauvoo about 1S42 where she became a member of the first Relief Society organized by Joseph Smith, the Prophet. With, her little familvshe was expelled from Nauvoo in the spring of 1S46. Afterwards left on the road in an Indian country while her husband enlisted in the Mormon Battalion and went to fight the battles of his country- - Another child After the was born to. her in that place. Battalion was disbanded her husband re turned for her, and theyr arrived in - Salt She Lake- Valley November 18, 1848. in Dixie was called with her "husband to 1S62, where they suffered all the privations and sickness from chills and fever incident They were reto settling that country. leased and called to Beaver in the spring of 1 866, where she resided until her death. Brother Tyler has filled various missions . " Gone from our midst, our sister, friend, departed, Deep in our hearts we feel the sad, sad pain; We'll ne'er forget her, true and noble hearted, . ' But cherish we the hope to meet again. Gone from our midst, but memory serves to lighten Grief that is fervent, for her ki dly life Emblem of goodness; seemed to ever brighten Scenes of allliction, woe, or angry strife. , - ; Gone from our midst, this life will no more greet "' her,' But in her home in heavenly glory land, She is rejoicin .'mid the loved who meet her,: Resting in peace among the angel band. ' - : ,r - Sister Tylerinainlyshpport-- : during-whic- h She ed her family by her own labor. it was first joined the Relief Society when beorganized in Beaver. "Soon after she to came a teacher, subsequently counselor June 16, 1876, she was two presidents. chosen president, which office she held for several years. Again December 6, TSS6, fulshe was' chosen president and faithfully filled the duties of that office until she was released fo take the position of President 0 the: Relief Society of .Beaver Stake, March Jane Bicklev. President, Lolissa VV. Jones Secretary. ; GRAND EXCURSION JiASf VIA UNION PACIFIC S7STEM. Jr ; , 7 : Uf g -- Round trip tickets 7rgd farreturn sale June 5,; 011 until-Septhr-a- 6 and follows-r-- s Kansas City, Leavenworth, St. Joseph, Omaha, Sioux City and return $30.00 v ;! St. Louis and return y Chicago and return 4250 line Only operating through equipment to above points consisting of Pullman Palace and Tourist Sleepers, Dining Cars, Buffet Smoking and Library Cars, Free Reclining Chair Cars. Twelve hours quickestti " . -- : to Chicago. Call at 201 Main her information. :. St for hit ; 1 : 