4 . WOM A:ft'S'fc;X P O N K'K T 'rf.'-V'- Exponent WOM AN'S KMMKUXi: ft. run X4it0rial Cntrtltr. this State. in Sidt Lake City, Utah. i'liblished IVrrtH: onccrpyonr ycr. t, "o; one copy six months, deliv-ere- 'i utit lor clubs. City papers pets. mNo ri'duction .. by v, extra lor pmugr; one year, 25 ct.. A ivfrtisin rites; Mich square, ten lines of nonpareil A liberal ajs- pifcison ti;m., f.j.50; r'?r 'month, yxoo. " r' Stnt. - 3 ' (!.ly, cxct'pt Suft(l,iy, Adilrt- - 'ili.busiacjs communications .to,... w . PUBLISH Kit WOMAN'S KXPONENT, . Salt Lake CirY, Utah.- Enttrefat the Post :Lits matte. 6fit .. - in Salt Lai t City, Utah, at LARfi ClTV, DECRillltit ; KLT 1S97. I it LAki: city. - ' flvatcber of Logan, B. from this city Mrs. nurd. ..irs,--.- "Mrs. GeOTge AV; uvW L ZUajne fcaiismiry 11:1s oecn jc;, . Mrs. Woodward. Mrs. Joseph C. Kingsbury. Tlie meeting adjourned call of the chairman, after work had been formulated ' Teiiiplef on. South TernUuisnev. hours From 105. rn. to 5 p. m. every KxiuSKN'rorficc, Room n V;a The' meeting held t her residence on. Saturday afternoon Nov. 27; was for the for this purpose of organizing a committee enterprise. Letters were sent out '.before hand not only to women in this city but m A Ogden, Logan, Provo and Park v City. .an, am numrer or lauies responueu uj at the time"apioin"ted.Mrs.. Salisbury"stated the. object of the meeting,- - and- - the -- ladies assembled then and there elected Mrs. Salisbury permanently to filbthe office to which she had been appointed by the central organization. She was authorized by vote to appoint a secretary and such other officers as were needed to .asSift in the work. Following this suggestion the chairman appointed Mrs, C. H.. Allen, and representative of the First Congressional district of Utah: Miss Hester ilarkucss.sccre-tary- ; Mrs. F J. Fabian, treasurer,and Mrs,1;. B. Wells, press representative. Mrs. Salisbury read an address which stated' all the important facts concerning 4Uie movement, and read from the will of George Washington that part relating to the institution, and also founding of such-ahow the funds left by him for that purpose had been lost; the chairman also read the Senate bill upon the subject, therefore the ladies present were informed of the object in view and the needs of such a magnificent building as would be required for the pur . riuUr idvrnHrs x Richardappointed by the president; Mrs. son for Utah, to take charge of the work, of semi-mjiuiil- y, ouri(Vt;j n i ;t i n t'i kCrart FJitor. WELLS, m -- , . to nueL at the piaii of the n Washington. p. c: u.'w. annual meeting of the U. W. P. C. was held at the residence of Dr.Ellis R.Shsn Saturday evening Oct. 30, . as the regular day came on Sunday, Mrs. Ruth M. Pox presiding. After'prayer Came the bushes --Thk .it of electing officers to serve for the enduing year. Roll of officers as follows: Honorary "president, E, B. Wells;' Past Presidents, i)r: E, R. Shipp and.Rtit.hM. ..Fox; elected Dr. Romania B. Pratt President; Rebeeci H. Doolan and Helen Vilate Kimball, Via- ' Presidents: Isabella Cameron BroVn, Vice- President at Large; Mary A. J. Lambert Secretary; Aimee Schiller Asst. Secretary; Lydia I). Alder Cor. Secretary; Edith Lovsey Asst. Cor. Secretary; TIattie B. Harker Treasurer. The work of the en- suing year was"not decided upon as a new program committee was to be appointed by the president'. According to previous .arrangement character representations were given by The ladies wbo some of the members. pose named. ' Mrs Allen spoke upon the necessity' of were mot conspicuous were first Lydia 1). Alder as the sweet poet Lydia if. the people of this State proving their interest in the movement, bringing out clearly in lar-- mantilla and appropriate costume " the idea of American patriotism. throughout. She read the exquisite poem, from, this gifted writer. Mrs. Fabian .poke briefly upon the Napolion's Epitaph, , r v tt... n i ver si t v wber e stenif rea t need c -ii degrees could be given as were obtained in flowing raiment artisticall' draped, discoursing, philosophy, with tlie wisdom of an foreign institutions and avoid the of so many thousands of young people ancient sage. I)r-- . . Orielie Curtis made a going abroad to study. Mrs, Ivhiuey made very striking Portia, with cap and gown, some practical suggestions as tp. how the and withal she looked a Doctor of Laws .in very deed, and as sliegave "tHe'quola'tioii money should be raised. A committee on resolutions was appointed "The quality of mercy is not strained, " cne and later an important resolution submitted might imagine her a real Greek heroine. and passed unanimously to aia the chairRebecca II.. Doolan with soft white hair man in matters to be considered- in the and fine lace cap in plain .attire made, a meeting to which she is called as 'delegate good picture of the late gifted Mormon from Utah. The meeting is to be held in poetess, Eliza R. Snow and; read her poem Washington on December 14th, and Mrs. ''Contentment", Ruth M.Fox was simply Salisbury expects to leave in a Tew days for charming iu her Quaker bonnet and severely the capital. , plain garb, carrying in- her hand" the scroll The money which the women are prepar- of the Declaration of Independence aia ing to raise at the present time or in the giving the pathetic yet eloquent description near future - is- to - build - an administration of the scene - when the- - brave li t tie - woman building as a nucleus of the university, and made herself fore ver famous on trfat. mem-- , is to be entirely woman's work or a' memororable night of the fire at the fcapital. ial from the women of this country to the Ella W. Hyde in Puritan dressread one immortal Washington. of Louise M. Alcott's sunshiny poeYas in a The cost of the building js estimated at delightfully characteristic way, PMith $250,000, and the prop'drtiou is ex- read Longrfellow's noem. to the pected to be $1,000. It is anticipated that flowers, in almost charming style; bedecke Ihe corner stone will be laid Feb. 22, 1899. l)prnmincylv in frAcli om4 hoiiififiil .f lowers A part of woman's work will b- e- to arouse she made a to r the eye -- and pleasant picture an interest in the school children of the her voice is full of sweetness' Helen Vilate country to aid 'In the enterprise, and tie Kimball as Lady Elizabeth Alont ague committee of women propose to make the made quite an imposing appearance, richly y first offering for this building on Feb dressed, her tall, stately figure showed to 1898. as a woman of rank and good The committee of ladies alreadv annoint- - title. advantage No one was able to guess her "Monti-- . ed at the meeting held are." besides the ty, not even when she read quotations from .officers whose, names are already given, this celebrated English author's ""Letters Mrs. Frank J. Cannon and Mrs. Whalon of from the Dead." Of this lady yrbo was Ogden, Mrs. Hoyt of, Park City, Mrs born iu 1720, and died in '1800, the poet Loray ot Provo, Mrs. Luther Foster and CowHTad:, virc-chairma- THE NATIONAL UNIVERSITY. . Hamilton. n -- Nov 16 The agitated question of establishing in the city Washington a national university on the lines suggested by President Washington, ha:; taken more definite form than in the and representative American women p.t-- l, have taken hold of the project with a'" de termination to push it to a successful con elusion if possible. They have started out in unpractical maimer by seeking to raise the iirst 250,000 necessary for the erection of in administration building to form the nucleus of the university and hope to lay Their the corner stone on Feb. 22, 1899. purpose in tin "interim is to urge the matter attention of women all continuously over the country. They intend likewise to interest the school children in the work. As a first" step for awakening interest in Jthe undertaking thev wfll assemble in ronviL- tion in Washington on Dec. 14, to decide on ways and means for arousing public .sentiment. Among those who have initiated the movement to fulfill Washington's wish are Mrs; Phebe carst of this city, Mrs. Ellen A. Richardson of Poston, Mrs. Clara A. Mrs. Rachel "Howland, ;Mrs. Anthony, Louise .Thicker and Mrs. Edmond Anthony Jr. of Massachusetts, Mrs. L. Boyd of Cieorgia, Mrs. W. A. P.oebling of New Jersey, Mrs., johii K. Goodloe, of Kentucky, Mrs. II. H. Adams of Connecticut Mrs. C. S. 13 rice of Ohio, Mrs, Eugene Hall, 'Mrs. David Starr Jordan, Dr. Charlotte Bleak Brown, Mrs. E. S. Hubbard and Mrs. Caroline Jackson of California. X Mrs. Ellen A,.. Richardsoii of Boston, chief organizer of the mo vement Writing to Mr. George IL Harris of tins city of the plan thus far formed, says: AVashington, . -- -- . - on-th- ... . 1 1 . . " . " . : - y'- rr.e patri tic .dies of America are to b Id administration the building and! they propose to make,the 22nd of February, 189S the nation's first oiT. ring day for: this puiposeasking no large co trioution, begging nothing. America's 70,600,000 people must huikrthis great monument, if the 13 pop,ooo:ici1'dren in thex public" schools iti America vvpuld give an oijefirig of a penny each on Washington's birthday they would have sufficient to erect the building and endow it. Let us then join hands and f:ave"aa American university. American sciences, American ideas for Amenc n 1 . 1 , citizens." Mrs. Richardson further stated that she has arranged with the proper authorities that the bureau of engraving and printing shall produce certificates which shall be" given to those who contribute. n f " Sig-Airnt- e ' - : ff-a- nec-'s--si- ty - - - y for-Uta- -- . ; 1 