WOMAN'S KXl'ONKM- .." with evident emotion :ni7V 1 i . , nude a very a'wiid Avqnt- applaud . . Hon. CUGckkI... iSuiful in t!ict' in 11" r"v 1 ,ntKHi"g-sicech. ; .. . ...Mi m nv ntwl -- ic n U ,,!,'.... Ilgtire, lair as a lllv. of great brilliancy and pathos. K.tle in ill ' , 1,:,u?r st,iU' .b' ! Americaand just then 'wi-Mo- r Jr unselhslmess-andnuunhchoir sang . i r m. nJi.. . me . , . or. n- When rte'eirram uoin .ui . jAuiib, .mil scuipior siritue, was received with only the Vou'iii?- - :.),. . , brihl -- Lr . ft k"' A-lTor- l . - t : uorllVIestVishes;"HishopScanhnofthc the benedic- - Catholic elmrcli pronounced tmii- - . - - . such ,)ra.'ac mrs . m company tender -- i""" fcalTl ' : - - " : quartette sang " Rest on the hillside rest," and thc resting place of u.. thf renin i'nc rf trc John Henry Smith. The elcKant white casket which had been Wnt . nas, juwuai, aim .1. uie mounu 01r earth. when covered was strewn with the fragrant flowers in every conceivable de- Mrs. Wells was siff,1'of 'workmanship. tre-gotr- w-,s- i.i. "'""'i 1 .- - -,.1 bher ii.u. - 1 s - be-reaved- ?'- Tin: l'ioN kicks 01 1S47. , Thk comniemoration of,the advent of the pioneers of 1847, fifty years ago, has now passed into history; to attempt to describe it in its entirety would be" futile unless one time and thought suited to such a Yet the writer- feels to nuke a passing remark, and wait until a subsequent issue to make any kind of a That it satisfactory report of the Jubilee. in was a grand success "pageantry every one must admit, but the pioneers themselves were the principal object of attraction and every one felt that too much honor could The gold medal, nut be shown to them. given each pioneer as a souvenir, was unique in design and served to represent all that could ' be implied by any badge of honor. Everything in the way of display and festivity that could add to the happiness of the guests of the City was carried out in the program.' The original pioneers were too seriously intent upon their mission, when coming hither tolook forward to such a wonderful celebration, or such honors as were in word and deed during the Jubilee now just past. has That President. Wilford Woodrti lived to participate in the Jubilee of half a century is something to be grateful for. The Lord has prolonged his hie to lour score and ten, and many marvelous things have transpired during that period of time. Perhaps no man living can comprehend all that has taken plf.ee as he can. That he may be spared to this people while life is dear to him, and until he desires to go home 'to meet Joseph and Hyrum and the Apostles on the other side is doubtless the prayer offered in faith unto the Lord by momentous subject. - -- lxi-stow- every Latter-da- y Saint. . - Kx-I'ONi-r- - - e the-niatt- TERES A CLAWSON WELLS. Is the heart of Summer she passed away, Uhen earth- - was crowned with the -- fairest ' a flowers, parted ' Bishop 0. I'V Whitney j presided and Elder II: G. Whitney had charge of the To dWel! in the realm of immortal day, music. The singers were Elders R. C. And roam 'mid the bowers bright Elysian Goddard 1" that Easton. 11. O. Avhimey, H. land where eternal summer reigns, and J. D Spencer with" Elder C. S Burton And the fountain of youth perennial springs; .The services opened Where music divine in its loftir organ" accompanist. st strains ,rEarth with her ten thousand with Through ages on ages exultantly rings. flowers," and after prayer by Counselor sang u .my iitisut sinful duty Ttowritef4haseweiJiobeittnck meC.owHaston anu icnuci icuut. love wh vfhor it! his made some consoling and and especially so when one's own heart is Bishop Whitney after which H. v S. filled with the sorrow Tof the parting; but sympathetic remarks,: rich tones, with such entries must be made in the book of Goddard sang in full, the solo " She is not dead hie and left on much expression and name the that record, President Jos. F Smith works of the deceased in butsleepeth." be known may and exhorAnd delivered a powerful discourse generation in which they lived. of eternal life. therefore, as one of a number of Utah's tation udou the principles rendered : vWhen the swallows airesU The a Angers offer' we daughters "departed, nbute of love tcf' Teresa Clivvson Wells, homeward fly, n and benediction .was. pro. Wm. Barton. l0Vtd wife of Governor Heber M. nounced by Counselor reached r elh and When, the long train of carriages daughter of H. B. andSister S' . . 1 ' with thea. favorite trmlk- hn,W; vtn,.' ... j.. and as she grew to womanhood said to those nearest and dearest thus sue mamiested considerable talent in th Truly God can 'comfort through Histrionic art and seemed a part of the home His Holy Spirit. company though she did not' follow the "Oh, whetMhe heart is full, wjien hitter thoughts stage professionally. She always had ex quisite taste m dress in all its details, and Cbrne crowding thickly up for utterance, her entne personality was" charming to a And the poor common words of courtesy rare degree. She had. irreat adantabilitv Areuich a very mockery, How much the bursting heart . and wonderful tact, both of which qualities Jielp.oneiu making enduring friendships. May pour itself in prayer." She was-- devoted daughter and an affec tionate sister, and naturally a sort of leader EDITORIAL NOTES. in her own family and among her friends; and with the circle in which she nioved she Tin: young women slumld read the pleased "without an effort, really pcrlups because of the strong underlying sympathy story now being published as a serial in the KxroNiiNT by Clio. She is a young wo01 ner remied nature. Mrs.. ells died in ' the very bloom of womanbotxl in the. midst man Utah born, of good literary ability, of a life rich in all that tends to Jiuman and will make herself well known yet as a writer. happiness, and wjien one meditates on such a death", one cannot but say His ways Thk next issue of the Woman's are not as man's ways. will be in all its main features "a On July 8th, in the morning at 7:50, Jubilee Number, and we shall endeavor to after suffering severely and with great make.it as attractive as possible; the sishuand fortitude almost patience ters will, we bojeand trust, consider what beyond man endurance, Mrs. Wells worn out with this little paper has done for the women of pain and physical exhaustion finally sucUtah and for the adjacent states and terricumbed to the inevitable, and the bright tories in the past, and. not forsake an old spirit freed' from its earthly tabernacle pass friend for a new. Make as many new friends ed from the loving husband and relatives as you can but cling to the old ones who have gathered around the bedside; but there is have been true in adversity as well as prosno doubt she joined that innumerable com- perity, and remember newspapers are not pany " on the other shore where there published without money. were many to greet her who had known . .'i'liK Utah silk commission accomplished and loved her m iile here upou- the. earth. tine of two silk for the Jubilee making flags Mrs. Wells was an exceptionally "cV- oted which in used were the parade on the Wife, a tender and true mother and well calculated to entertain and do honor to the memorable 24th of July. The flags 'were of genuine home-madsilk, cocoons raised position ef her husband as the Chief Execuand silk reeled right here in the city the ' v tive of the Stated The funeral services of Mrs. II. M. reeling was done by two young girls, Miss Wells were conducted at the residence of blorence Harrison and Miss Maria Hor- her mother, 72 X. State St. (whither she rocks, and the entire work was done, and had been moved during her illness) at 4 p. the flags were made under the direction of Mrs. Margaret A. Caihe, whose untiring m. on Sunday July 11, 197. The house efforts in of silk culture deserves, was beautifully decorated with flowers, of the flags was roses predominating, though there were public recognition. One the Governor's staff and the. lilies and carnations in profusion, emblems displayed by other just next to President Wood ruffs of innocence' and expressions of love from hearts overflowing with sorrow for the de-- . carnage. companion, relative and friend. years, ana 1 : er BIRTHDAY ANNIVERSARY. On Monday afternoon June 28, a few sisters were invited by the youngest daughter (Ziiia. Hyde Bull) of Sister Marinda N. Hyde deceased and the late Apostle Orson " Hyde, to assemble at the home of Brother-- " and Sister Bull in this city in honor of Sis-texJBul- jmother-an- d some-- of-he- r: dear- - lls old" The parlor and "other rooms adjacent, were beautifully decorated with flowr ers from their own garden and yard and were delightful to see and .also .very' fragrant. The welcome was genuine and the hostess as radiant is a summer morning. ' Greetings over the guests naturally fell back upon old times in, Kirtland, Missouri and Nauvoo, and many things were called to mind which Were ndw to the younger women; Eater on supper Was announced friends. . " and the five o'clock tea was delicious, : . . . 