rr, i t '" We cirdially .invite the people of this cit' of all parties, 'creeds and opinions to ' join with us. in this effort to establish an municir efficient,' economical, In furtherance of this. pal government. effort we place in'nomination the following named person's to fill the various elective municipal offices, to be voted for at the coming election, pledging them our sup-- ' port and appealing to all patriotic citizens to do likewise: non-partisa- n ... KKFOKM TlCKKT. CITIZKNS Mayor John Clark. Recorder Miss Joan Spragui:. Treasurer Josi: ni E. Caink. . . Auditor Gkokgk Swan. Attorney Parley L. Williams. Police Justice C. A. WoollKy. LADIISEMI-MOILYMEETIX- G. .Minutes of the Ladies' Semi-Monthl, y held in the 14th ' Ward" Hall, Saturday, Oct. 2, 1S97, President M. I. Home presiding. Singing "Come, come ye Saints." Prayer by Sister Wright. Singining "Let those who' would be Saints Meeting deed." President Home was very sorry to see so few here tliis afternoon but thought it was owing to the near approach of conference. Felt there were enough for a blessing and said this was a trying time for the Saints, that when we first came here to the 'valley that was a trying time but the present time Now was the time to be was the more so. tested; now was the time to catechise our- selves and look into our owu hearts. Spoke of the way. we were being tried and perseShe was cuted by extremely surprised that some, of our' people' would nuarrel and wranele over politics. We should ask our Heavenly rather which course to take and trust to Him, and to go to Him humbly and He would near us. ticket, Spoke in favor of the havin of favor had been she said for years and said ing a party that was President D. H. Wells said that the. women were a power iu the land. Made some excellent remarks on this subject. Felt if we all who were here, though few, testified to the goodness of. God we would be blest. The minutes having arrived were read and accepted. Sister Lydia D. Alder felt that President Home had dwelt on many precious subjects especially that oXpraying for light on this Spoke beautifully on coming election. prayer, and said many times the feeling of prayer" would come over, us and at the time ye might be busy, still she felt that the thought ascended up to heaven and was. accepted. Spoke of the efficacy of prayer in the case of President Woodruff's daughter. Said many times our prayers, were not answered but when this was the case the Lord would show us that it was better for us not to have what we had prayed for. Urged the sisters to fully trust Him, and jsaidjiothing that comes to us would harm us but would turn to blessings cn our heads. Referred to the vision that Joseph and vHyrum Smith had when they saw their mother home praying for them, at the time when they had the cholera. Sister M. O. Brown spoke on prayer, said -she loved to prayn and thdughtnothing brought to her the comfort that prayer did. Spoke on asking counsel from those in . high-taxes- Non-Partisa- n non-partisa- n, . -- authority. .w ...... ' i was laid outl Stevenson said she 'had Woman s at the previous meeting were ; brought, enjoyed tlie prayer of-- Sister WrilU whipb h, Amendment, to Ait. HI. was a sermon in itself, also the remarks' of read aim uiscussed. : A .She had only just, got sec. 3 was our President. . M.iuij TA. 1.' 1... I.. i c u.sun .1 mat the amend ui. Gave, a wa.Muauc home from a trip in the country. merit be accepted .The motion was loit very interesting account of her trip .in the The amendment to the by bws, Art interest of the Relief Society work. Urged Motion by j)r the" sisters to be humble and prayerful and was read and discussed. that this amendment be to be true to one another, thought it was Ferguson club voted that theacaptui The Carried. im.i dreadful to have hard feelings towards any . . . . nai do our was uusiness snouiu it case nelu Mor the were such if meeting one, but iday" iS, at 1 a. m. jluty to go to the person, or persons, and October Next in order was the critic's report by make it right. Spoke of the .duty of motherland urged the ,sisters to bear their Dr. Shipp. Dr. Pratt was appointed critic' for the evening. testimony. e The evening's program was 'as follows-TopiSister Wright felt we should let nothing-com"Alaska," Mrs. Aimee Schiller along to prevent us from coming to these meetings.' When she v& a little Original j)oem "The Woman Preacher Mrs. Dickinson was unable to Dr. Shipp. girl her father taught her to pray, and used to tell her to never. let the sun go down cm be present and her pajer on the "Kfltct of her anger for she might never see it again. - Klondike, gold discoveries on American in. was postponed. Spoke of a recent conversation she had terests" Mrs. La wler at the request of the ch:i with a lady stranger, felt .she. had done I some little good domg so. Rejoiced 111 described the vessel in which she cros.std jn her- Temple work and prayed she migiit the Atlantic, also a number" "of p'nts and The program places of interest iu Paris. always remain faithful. , Sister E. Webb felt Sister Wright had for the October meeting was discussed and A motion was made given us very' good advice about leaving suggestions made. our household cares and attending our and carried that at the October meeting meetings. Said many times she had left each member represent some prominent dinner dishes as well as the wash tub to character in fiction. A motion was made attend her meeting because she felt it was and carried that each member be permitted her duty. Felt sorry that there was so to bring an escort. Dr. Shipp graciously much strife and division in politics as there offered her home for that , meeting. The is, and spoke of the happy time we used to club decided to have refreshments and Spoke Pearl Russell, Mrs.. Lovesy, Mrs. Wilcox, enjoy when this was not the case. on prayer and said there was nothing that Mrs. Hyde and Clara Fergusou were apgave such comfort as going off by ourselves pointed as a committee to assist Dr. Shipp. and asking our Heavenly Father to help Dr. Prait gave her report as critic, the us; also spoke of the uixiety that mothers minutes were'read and after benediction bv ' felt for their children and of the joy her Mrs. oung the club adjourned for one Temple work brouglit to her, said it help- month. ed her to bear the burdens of life, for we all Okikllk Curtis, Sec Urged Sister Mary L. Morris felt she had been R. S. AND P. A. REPORTS. blest in coming here this afternoon, many Made precious things had been spoken. WAYNK STAKK. some very pleasing remarks.. Relief Society Conference held at Canes t she Sister Lizzie Decker said must speak of the goodness of God to her, vi e A ij g u s t 24 , : t 8 9 7 i n the afternoon, S. Colenan presiding. Singand said she never could have lived if it Prayer by had not been that she could go to the Lord ing "How firm a foundation." Referred to her Patriarch F. W. Young. Sinking '.'What and ask Him for help. was witnessed in the heaves." Temple work and the benefit it had been' to Prasident, Jane S, Coleman said it affordher, also spoke of her anxiety for her children and asked the blessing of Heaven upon ed her much pleasure to meet with the brethren and sisters in Relief Society conUs. Sister Frances Smith spoke of the faith ference. She had lately visited, the local r of her little who was very branches of the Relief Society in the wesmuch afflicted with scarlet fever, she said tern part of the Stake, alL were feeling and she knew if they would send her name to doing well and were. energetic in their her Sunday school to be prayed for she labors. Encouraged the sisters" to attend would be healed. This was done and she their meetiugs, especially the monthly testi-- . wras healed almost instantly. mony meetingsand advised the youug lisTestimonies were borne by Sisters Sarah ters to attendyalso, that a bond of friendship the Phelps and Alice Woolley. President Home and good feeling should exist between made some excellent closing remarks and Y. L. Ml. A. and the Relief Society together; good advice can k meeting was adjourned for two weeks. Singing "From all that dwell beknv." givn, .virtue taught and much god the Benediction by Sister Lula G. Richards. accomplished. Spoke of looking after to "poor and the necessity for the members Zina H. Bull, Secy. give temporal aid (donations) that the at may have the. necessary; means hand to carry out what is required of hef. Wished the sisters t6 be more interested in minutes ot the U. W. fC C. held the Exponent by subscribing for it". Sep. 30. president Fox callejHhe meeting nt of the Sister. Eliza to order at the usual time. After prayer by Relief Society,gave a good report-SaiMrs. Stevenson, the secretary called the all the young" sisters had joined and roll, members ;respcndjrig with sentiments were members of the Relief Society. They J from Elizabeth Barrett Browning. have a lot nicely feuced and cultivates itUnder "unfinished business-- ' the amend a good crop of beans on part 01 they got ments to the Federation Con Giles "J l"V . President Mary A. White reported Sktor K euro,-wniu- T. i pucvhib. - . 1 1 1 1 1 c - . had-them? . she-fel- 11 Presid-Mit'Jan- e grand-dauhte- " '. presi-de- . Rust,-preside- . nt Canes-vill- e J - 