2 WOM A , i . ' ' No Reform ever was more imperatively needed; none ever The had greater obstacles, to overcome. world-widand of subjection of women was It was rooted- in immemorial antiquity. the codes and customs of all nations. It was accepted by men and yoincn alike as the law of nature and of God. The thought of equality for women their right ,to educato the tion, to a chance for control of their own persons, children, carn- ings and property hac' scarcely dawned even upon the most progressive minds. The great movement has steadily ad-- , vanced. In this half century a new world has been created for women. , In home and school, in church and State, in the courts and in the industres aud professions, a' reformation has been effected, all the more to be valued because achieved through the slow processes of evolution rather than the harsh measures of revolution. the, last stronghold In the political-worlof prejudice,' the rights of women are being recognized. We have today a President and Congress elected in part by the votes of women. The constitutions of Wyoming, Colorado, Utah and Idaho secure to women the full suffrage. In the two hundred and eighty-fiv- e 'incorporated cities of Kansas, women exercise municipal suffrage. ' In States they possess school suftwenty-tw- o frage. The Twentieth Century belongs equally All citizens of the to men and women. United States, all friends from other countries are cordially invited to of the in celebrating the first convention held for what Wendell Phillips declared to be "the most rnomen-teou- s reform that has yet been launched on equal rights for women. e - . self-suppor- t, d, co-opera- te semi-centenni- the world." al . When we do anything in the Re-liworld Ever praying Tor'thVivVu.i ' Society we are helping ourselves,- - these poneiit" we remain meetings are just our own meetings and we .' Your sisters 'in the Gospel, ' attend them. can work, a little extra-tPres. Bean, ..Elizabeth " ' Spoke about passing away, said it is like CiaiA E. Bean, Sec. graduating from one class to another.' The Richfield, N0W4, 1S97. young women will have to take the places of the older ones. Advised them to take DAVIS STAKE., counsel from their mothers, referred to The Relief Society conference of Davis Sister Marinda Hyde, how they loved her Stake met at Kaysville" Oct.. 28, 1S97, as a president, if we live as we should do There President Susan Grant presiding. and listen to the still small Voice we will were present on the stand President Hess know what to do, we should be careful how and Counselor Ilyrtim Grant, Sistci J. C. we train our children, if we raise them as Howe aud L.D. Alder. from SaltLake.rrest. we should we will have them again even if dent Grant" and counselors and. others. do Wanted to bear. her go astray. they Meeting opened, by singing "Let us pray testimony that this is the work of God and gladly pray." Prayer by Counselor Hy- - asked hini to bless us all. ; rum Grant. Singing "The spirit of God President Hess said "I have enjoyed the Minutes of pre- like a fire is burning.'-- ' spirit of the counsel, it is true that these vious couierence reau arm apprmeu. President Grant then said, "Through the meetings are for the women, but the brethshould be interested in them too, I do blessings of the Lord we are permitted to ren not know oT anything that is more useful I am afraid meet again in this capacity. we do not appreciate, the blessings the Lord than the Relief Society, the way they con ... duct their business is good, the minutes are is continually showing to us My counselors and I visited the northern part of the correct, they bring to our mind what was said at the last conference." Spoke about county, we had good meetings and found the necessity of attending our meetings, them ail doing well. I want to encourage the sisters to take the "Exponent," I am said we have it in our power to draw the of the Lord down upon us if we' pleased to have Sisters Howe and Alder blessings I feel live as we should, and we should live go with us, also our Sta'kc piosideucy. well in pressing forward in the line of my the Lord will draw near to us and hear and, our prayers. Prayed the Lord to bless duty." The branches of the Society were answer so faithreported by their presidents as doing well the sisters who were laboring fully in this organization and'to bless us all. and in good running order. Sister Alder said "I think there is not a Sister Howe said she felt somewhat diffident being a stranger but knew the spirit of tlie soul here but what has been benefited, there Lord was with us. The Prophet Joseph is a bond that unites the sisters that work Smith said this Society should be free "from together. We do need encouragement, it the wiles of the world. The Relief Society would not do for us to see the obstacles is educational, every member should be that are in our path. I ask my Heavenly interested in it. If requirement is made of Father to bless you all." us we should feel that it is a duty. Counselor Jane Holt said, "I am pleased Spoke of sustaining home literature, encouraged to meet with you and I know that the. the sisters to sustain thellExp3neiit" itiri. I can bearniy those who are struggling hard to make a testimony to the truth of this work and to success of it. . We should teach, our childwhat has been said. Let us be diligent and ren the principles of the Gospel and keeping do our duty, our path is the .path of duty the Sabbath holy. "I can say it is good to and let us sustain all that are over us. May be here, I ask God to bless each one of God bless us and help us to do right." Counselor Hyrum Grant said, "lam sure you" said feel Clark Counselor Mary "I happy all who are here are blest, and I can say in meeting with you, I can truly say the that I have never heard the presidents give spirit of the Lord is with us." Spoke of in their reports with as much freedom as the Elders who are abroad preaching the they have today, these sisters that have Gospel, said she rejoiced in xeacjing, their come here today have had the faith and letters and their success." We should be prayers of the people. Now if wre are for thankful for the- instructions we receive the Kingdom of God let. us sustain the and be benefited by them. Spoke of atauthorities and those that are over us. I will we if our we shall tending meetings, can bear my testimony that this is the be better prepared to attend to our duties at work of God and ask the Lord to bless us home. Prayed that we might have health" all." and strength to perform our duties. MeetPresident Grant then made closing reing adjourned until 2 p. in. Singing marks and conference adjourned for three Prayer by Brother Rouche. months to East Bountiful. Benediction by. Aftfrnoon Sessiov: Commenced by James Sheffield. PlIEBE C. SESSIONS,SeC singing "Now let us rejoice in the day of salvation."" Prayer by President Hess. Singing "Stop and tell me red man." IN MEMORIAM. Minutes of the afternoon meeting of the RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT previous conference read and approved, Sister Alder then addressed the meeting: By hj offic rs and members of the Relief SociCo. Utah. v. "My brethren and sisters we have been sent ety of Nephi, Juab Our. Whereas, Heavmy. Father in His infinite to you to day as visitors in. your Society wis torn has seen fit to take from our midst our conference, and it is not only a duty but a beloved President, William Paxmah; ' pleasure in visiting with you. Resolved, That we recognize in his death the When the loss of a fatnerj a wise counselor and a friend. Prophet Joseph organized the Society he Resolved Thai we treasure up in our minds did it asa pattern of the olden times, I think and ever hold sacred the wise counsel he has these organizations existed in the days' of given, and str.ve to follow his example ever true the Savior. Your reports have been ex- - to the cause he so nobly and fearlessly de'ended. Resolved, That we tend r our love and hearf cellent, what a testimony it is that so many felt sympatny to the bereaved family, his wives receive the Gospel in different parts of the and children and earnestly desire that the Holy ' -- . L uYA- - ef . " . . . . 1 i . m Elizabeth Cady Stanton. Honorary President; Susan B. Anthony, President; Anna Howard Shaw, Vice President at Large; "KacherFosterrAvery, Cor. Secretary; Alice" Stone Blackwell, Rec. Secretary; Harriet Taylor Upton," Treasurer; Laura Clay, Auditor; Catharine Waugh McCulloch,-AuditorCarrie Chapman Catt, Chairman Organization Committee. it-orthe-LortH-lttTc: ; . R. S. REPORTS. SEVIKR The semi-annu- al STAKE. . conference of the Sevier Richfield Oct. 22 aud 23, 1897, President Elizabeth B. Bean presiding. An excellent spirit prevailed throughout the conference, although a spirit of sadness lingered in the hearts of all present, caused by the recent death of our beloved sister, Emma Spafford, second Stake. counselor to. Uie president Many ood instructions were given, the principal speakers being President Bean, Counselor Thurber, Sister Lucy Hepplar, Patriarch George W. Bean and Presidents Seegmiller and Home. The subjects treated upon were Temple work, the building of a Relief Society house in Salt Lake, the storing of grain, the care of our children etc. etc. ' Tlrrteen presidents each reported .her Society in good condition, active and energetic in good works. The conference adjourned for, six mouths' and the sisters departed for their homes, feeling to praise and thank the Lord for the feast of spiritual food He had given cthem. Stake-Relie- f - at y Society convened . Dox-olog- -- of-th- " . : , ' - y. - . , 