KX?ONHMr WOMAN S (:.;..,.: it; ii .;,;,ht m Ar - j like sifvfinsr 2.x ana on 7AU1U1 days them -n 'Caere was no death, but the spirit' of', love v. kwv'4 ? ' j i j Tenderly she was laid to rest andpace. many over. Again heartue three little on our by ten crack of the whip Rrrn M. Fox. 'tent, 'the signal fur rising "and preparing breakfast, 011 a camp (ire made of buffalo chips gathered and .carried for. miles the. DEATH 0 F S 1ST ICR S - A . I ) V Y K R and .Footsore weary previous: evening. we encamp at night to rind that we .must one under the trtes; O rest precious walk a mile to get water for cooking pur- The e.irth with' its ore far Irom thee now; must we poses.' The cattle are giving out,' () hind ;f green chaplet with rich, rosy flowers, Provisions are cache our treasured china. And rest it o lightly on thy fair,white brow. the into far scarce. ; We must travel night And play with the sunbeams.as they dance and vfamish: for the food or water ere we reach glitter, woeful tidings that a man iug cattle. The Among the tall trees that border the stream; our falls ears, is shot while hunting upon O slumfer and res; through the long golden someCan is dead. child a little be or may Summer, one find a winding sheet quickly as possi And dream a beautifuV.happy dream. ble? Time is precious,- we must hasteu In the rich glowing Summer when the on! These are but a few ot the trials .whichwere borne vith hopeful hearts, and prayer- - earth is crowned With verdure and flowers; ful lips, singing songs of Zion, for were when the birds are chirping to their young of.:J in downy nests' and the light wind sighs thcy not - Hearing the promised-lau- d. .which' prophets and inspired men had been lazily along, we are called to part with friend.'singing .all through the ages! Did not When all nature is happy, the.sk)- - only the"Isaiah say lhat'The" wildcrness-an- d. and blue, the tear of sympathy 'must solitary place shall be glad for them, and the golden desert shall rejoice and blossom as the fall for the newly dead. On Wednesday, July 28, .1897, at- her 1 ne niosi rose.; pauieuc sigiu jiuvveci home in the Seventeenth ward, Salt in the great panorama was the handcart after ah illness of some weeks company, the cheers and applause that had Lake City, been lavished by the multitude upon other duration, surrounded by her husband and 'divisions," gave way to another kind of entire family, two sons and six daughters, emotion. The hearts of the people were the spirit of Sister S. A. Dwyer took its Sister Dwyer was flight into the Beyond. deeply stirred, .strong, men knowing nothShe had been year. ing of the hardships of crossing the plains in her save in imagination, struggled to Keep patient through her suffering and had unbounded faith in her Heavenly Father. She bick the tears. Thegreatest '.possible contrast to this was was happy and cheerful in her disposition, the first railway train that arrived in Salt and was loved .most by those who Jcnew Lake valley, telling "of the hope' and the her best. When the writer called to see joy and exjeetati.n that came intoUhe her a fe w days before her departure, she hearts of the people as puffing and blowing expressed a longing to be" out under the We trees," which so beautifully adorn her and screaming it entered the city. shut out from the world, home. They seemed to call her to rest were but hencelorth Would be a pirt oi itr under tbeirlHig--smd-aiTravel instead of being something to be ed to sit under the trees, for there she (. ' dreaded, would now be a pleasure. .Friends would be well. She peacefully add painlessly' slept away would be gathered and loved ones reunited. Yea "They shall come with speed .swiftly. " to another life, and we who love her .well know that she is resting under the heavenBut the crowning glory of the celebration was the children. Was it not an inly trees, breathing in the elixir of life imspiration to see them ? Coming, coming, mortal. Her funeral was held on Sunday July. 29, and still they come, many of whom were the offspring of the early settlers, a verit1897, Bishop Beatie presiding. A quartette able army marching through the broad composed of Thomas Ashworth, Will streets of the ideal city that was laid out by Patrick and others feelingly sang ' I need Thee every hour, " also "When the swalOne could not imagine anythe pioneers. lows homeward fJy " and M Earth has no thing but goodness and purity in connection with those children, and indeed there pain, heaven cannot heal." Apostle John should be nothing else. Born of- worthy Henry Smith, an old friend of Sister Dwy- a.': er s, paiu a loving a'..a. sires, unselfish mothers, who' by their ex inouie 10 ner memory, ample have taught them unwavering faith earnestly urged her sons and her daughters in God, where the pine air and exhilarating to follown her footsteps, to be faithful to breezes, the lofty peaks and mountain their Qod as she had been, to let'her image streams all sing to them of liberty and be ever present with them, that they evil and sin. To whispjrofa better day for all mankind. might be shielded-froO, that they may prove worthy of their remember her words of counsel and live inheritance, for 011 the children Our glory their lives, so as to meet her with joy and rests. May the structure so "well begun ;rejoicing when they one by one should be " u pom the faultless foundation, laid by .the'' gathered home. from tipping ve -- , I among the countless dead, and the home which she loved will know her no more. on the-hills:d- There is rtst for ihe feet grown weary w:th .traveling, There's a glorious home far .away in the skies, There's a beautiful garden whose flowers arc "" entrancing, I They are found in the heavenly Paradise. j : j j -- - j O there may we meet you out under the trees, When the air of the evening blows softly . along, , when the sun goei O then may we greet you ' ' down, And join in angel song. your-tende- Lydia D.' Alder. j 'Sa t Lake City. j ' life-lon- g r ' . OLD FOLKS DAY. . --- j - . , fifty-fourt- no-longe- h r H . 4 '!'. - j . 1 1 1 -- - d areiitSTcontintierto-growan- itij lustre in- - ri t-- he-s- pi May-t -- crease until the rays thereof shall reach the her aged mother, now in her eighty-fourtfurthermost corners of the earth that all year, and upon Brother James Dwyer, her nations seeing our good works may profit by' husband, also her, children and grandour example. X daughter. May they truly live for the The Utah Pioneer Jubilee was a grand, better life, where there is no more parting, conception, most brilliantly executed, and tears or death. culminated most magnificently. The'beneV Loving hands placed many pure, rare fits cannot be estimated " by dollars and flowers oh her white casket - wh irh was lofo. Unm "U.. bornp frrmt lif law. cents, the effects will be more uumc- uy uer IWO SOUS than we can realize at this timev Utah's two and two dear friends' her fame was scattered far and wide, it was in daughters; spotless white following. h ' " - . ; far-reachi- ' '"" sons-in-la- w -- t. a .TiiKOtr.H the sickness of our secretary tlie latest and greatest effort of our Relief Society in Parowan has not been reported. June 10 was celebrated here as "Old fblks day," and as long as those heads (adorned with the sixteen to one, or pure silver) retain their memories that occasion will be remembered as the golden day of days Irrespective of creed, color or jolitical faith, all who had passed three score or more mile stones, adown the journey on this sphere, were entitled to a free seat, with all the comforts and attention that a bevy of good natured young people could bestow, and at one o'clock the large, new opera hall was filled with the honored guests, seated arcund tastily decorated tables laden so completely with the choicest a peneci surprise, and many queries were propounded as to where so many good things came from; right, here our much loved President gave a feeling poetical address of welcome, the blessing was pronounced and the feast partaken of in a way that all were assured that the labors and generosity of the Relief Society Aftermembers were truly appreciated. wards a unique program was rendered 'the old folks being conspicuous - for the spicy speeches, songs and recitations they gave. This was followed by the awarding- 01 prizes to fifteen or twenty, Father and Mother Hobbs who had lived together in the married state the greatest number of years; the mother of the largest family, the oldest Church member and others were duly honored .by receiving something use ful that would also be a pleasing memento while life lasts. Several of our citizens contributed liber ally towards the purchase of the premiums though the bishop's donation far exceeded them all, it was much regretted that he was confined to his bed at thetime, as be liad vvorlced Hard for the success of the event. At our last general meeting many testi fied that the day was the happiest of their lives and with tears thanked the' originators of the beautiful plan. Our Society is in excellent condition, we are bound together by the cord of love, there are many humble, earnest spirits m our organization and your paper is enjoyeo with the many other privileges we have. - , - - . . 