' Si- ;'. WOMAN'S . KXP0NKN1 1' I rKfv advantage to each one ..who testified: .Jo. - the. goodness ot God; re the Ladies'; MiNL'TKH.of Scini-Montli- nt'tliA Saint's" iii the ly ke to. Jije raflv-Tust- orv ."'ijat oiu Church. Sister Wright, Sister Frances Smith.-SiSiMer K. Webb. Sin.iii "Wc. thank Cham Thee 0 God for .a. prophet;" prayer by ter Jones, Sister .Mary Morris, Sister Sister Annie T. Hyde; singing "Now let berlain, Sister Jane James, Sister. Mary remarks us rejoice," Sister Webb gave the meeting Ann Hardy each made excellent into the hands of the sisters and wanted a and bore strong testimonies. Sister Lydia I), Alder spoke of the' coming Easter and blessing Sister , Forsythe a4id Mauyand the feelings it always inspired within her; others test i turd to the trntlf of the Gospel. Sister Brown bore a strong 'testimony, made spoke of the parable of the ten virgins and nlade some excellent remarks. Sister Julia some excellent remarks. felt-whad had a feast, felt The secretary coming in' the minutes of C. Howe we were'all hungering and bad the previous meeting were read and spiritually lcen fed. Sister Howe also spoke earnestly accepted. Alter which a number of sisters, spoke, utxni. prayer Sister Armeda S. Young said she wished Sisters Jane James, Martha Barrow, Hannah Conklin, Christine Rockwell' also Sis- the support of, the sisters in regard to the ters Hunter and Xunn and others whose work of Sister Sorensou, which consists of names. were not known; all 1orc testimony hygiene, 01 the prevention of disease and She then and many of them, how to take care of our bodies. to the truth of'this work ' referred, to the need of safeguards being proceeded to give an illustration of it. Counselor K. J. Stevenson made a f w thrown around our young people and the children of Zion, the necessity of teaching closing remarks and fully endorsed every -- honesty, morality, truthfulness and the thing Sister Young had said, Meeting adjourned for two weeks. Singing Doxol-ogy- . strictest virtue and of setting a good exam-plBenediction by, Sister Margaret F, our own lives. Sister Annie T. Hyde said she had been Steele. Zina II. BULL, Secretary. born aiul raised in this Church and had been taught nothing else by her parents. If she was Saint it was her own fault. not a Latter-daRELIEF' SOCIETY A N,N I V E R S A R Y Spoke upon charity and love, and made some very encouraging remarks to the ' sisters. Testified that if we put our trust in Editor .Exponent: the Lord that He would comfort and bless-usThe anniversary of the organ-izatioand give us .that which we needed. was royally eySister Hyde gave notice of the coming Concelebrated March 17th at Parowan. ference. A most excellent program of addresses, Counselor Elizabeth Webb made some recitations, songs ancl music was well renclosing remarks which were very comfort- - dered, the brethren feeling honored in ing and asked the blessing of the Lord upon being invited to contribute to the day's God is the God we enjoyment.- us all. "Singing adore." Benediction by Sister Zina II, Sister Lenora Orton gave the historical :rrmr deli was address of the Relief Society the Among replete with information;' ' held Ladies' in. aged sisters who spoke were Sister Nancy Meeting the 4 tli Ward Hall,' March 20, 1897, Decker and Aunt Paulina Lyman, who Counselor E. J. Stevenson presiding. were at Nauvoo at the time tire Prophet Singing "Now let us rejoice;" prayer Joseph established this .Society. Aunt offered by one of the sisters; singing " How Paulina chose for her subject " The situafirni a foundation minutes of previous tion and circumstances of the Saints at that Counselor tiutewhich-wa- s read and accepted. , meeting to Stevenson made the announcement that her hearers. Prof. Durham's orchestral President Home had gone to Provo, consemusic and vocal melodies greatly enhanced with us be not could today. Spoke the entertaining part of the program. quently of the courage ofthose who ventured out to After the benediction a general handand felt a on such stormy day, meeting shaking all around was indulged in, folwould receiveva Referred blessing.. they lowed .by a "group picnic," the Relief to Heber C. Kimball's words being fulfilled Society supplying the entire company wjth that there was a test coming to the people, hot lemonade. The whole affair was we must not feel we were the only ones crowned with an dance, restwho had .trials for they were common to alb ing at intervals while listening to some Sister Stevenson then gave the meeting inwell chosen vocal selections or recitations. to the hands of the sisters. Withal this thrice blessed was made Sister .Margaret O. Brown expressed her-- , more memorable than ever day for the citizens self very fervently in reference to her testiof Parowan mony and experience in this work, and exOur Relief Society is in a thoroughly horted to diligence, obedience and humility. healthy condition, endeavoring to carry Sister Elmina S. Taylor felt we should out the design for which it has an have confidence in one another; thought existence,complete With prayer and love for our it was good for "us. to have trials, they sister organizations, we take pleasure in -- would purify-us and make us strong to ourselves nieet temptation; considered our .Hea euly subscribing Your in this great cause Father knew what was' best for us and S. A. Adams, President, would not try. us more than we were able E. Crane Watson, Secretary'. to bear; admonished the sisters to have, charity and love and help one another, not to find faulty with those who preside over The French Minister of Education has us in the Church, but look to ourselves appointed Miss Ida Gibson of Chicago, to ' rather than otheTs. V ' a French exploraprepare report of Sister , Margaret Young felt it was at? tions iu America for early the Paris; xpositioh. Meeting Feb. jo, " iS7..' Called, to 'order by. . e e ' 7 . 11 " y . -- , n fifty-fift- h Relief-Societ- of-th- -- . ' ' ' Semi-Monthl- y 1 . decidedly-intelligenc- old-fashion- -- co-labor- . 11 VI K T 1 1 BIRTHDAY. a of the birth eigt't;VA'vry of Sister Jvachel Whipple, President of the iS97,'Mie Relief Society of the 22nd ward was in the New 'Society Building of thm ward. The hall was beautifully decorated, with mottoes and flowers, suited to the occasion. There we're. about sixty-fivpersons Sisters were whom ZuiaT). present, among W. M. Bathsheba Iso,, Smith, II. Young, r bella Ilorue, Elizabeth J. Stevenson Rawliugs and President and Counselors of the Y. L: M. I. A;, also Brother Arthur Winter of the Bishopric and Brother Henry Gardner who rendered some fine vocal selections rccompanied on the organ by' Sister Rose' Flashman. "0. " My Father." and 41 Home Sweet Home were beautifully rendered by the sweet singer Mrs. Nellie Druce Pugslcy.. Speeches appropriate for the occasion were listenel to witir pleasure, after which a bounteous repast was partake :i of by all cele-brate- ed d e ,Si.-te- . piesent. Uo'n inquiring it was learned that there were. five persons present who had been acquainted' with 'the Prophet Joseph Smith, and eight persons who had come to Utah," during the years of 1847, '48 and '49. Sister Whipple has been an active" worker in the Relief Society of the 22nd ward ever since its organization in 186S, acting as First Counselor and for the last eighteen years as President. -- She has set a grand example For her sisters, one and all; Has pressed on with humble patience . And been true to every call. God's chokvst ever Be strewn along her May her heart b f.l'i with pleasure In her labors Oay by .U . hh-sin- .May s : She will reap a bounteous harvest For her work s nob'y done, And in God's Celesti.il Kingdom Claim an everlasting home. Cakolinj: Smith,, Secretary. e - . lt& A Mks. Genkkai.' Grant made the fir.t move against intoxicating liquors at the White House, and securedits banishment from the I'resident's New Years reception. Mrs. Grant Was succeeded by Mrs. Hayes'. a lifelong teetotaler, who never offered vine. Next came Mrs. Garfield, Mrs'. Harrison and- Mrs. Cleveland, all total abstainers, and none of them furnishing wine to their own guests, though lacking the qo operation- of their husbands, they could not prevent its use at State dinners, as Mrs Hayes could because the President's views coincided with.her own. Mrs. abstain is well known to be, er, so that, as Frances Willard points out, the wives of six Presidents, (President Arthur was a widower) since 1S68, have perhaps dealt more telling blows against the drinking habit than any other women who have lived. For "where McGregor sits is the head of the fable," and what is done at the White House is the keynote of social observances for millions. - . Mc-Kinl- ey . r received the decoration for Arts and Sciences from the Emperor of Austria.. She is the first wo Carmen Sylva lihas mat; to wia this distinction, ; ' - 