21; a jjyrL'zr t" ;y.iie.oi still we mouin h&t-i- deWr for we feel as- ... . . What is yoiuTdiv'; to sec so many of 'u 6reircc"T--i '. cured that a'l is well with our sister and that she also President Cluff, she liked to encoura s'- - tnv work, it i; our tnn-- r .,n.i H m a happy place, ass mixing wkhth? faithful loved ones who have cme bef re. 1Ct presidents report the different M Ad take it. I ask all hh-- . tear Kksolvko. That we place these sentiment'; on ' Hu'Ile of f'hrivt branches we know what kind of a spirit A., our records, also pablish a copy in the ".Woman s and how they feel. She? .u;Fe Freeze of the V. I,. M. I. A. nxponsnt," als they rrnifnst present a copy to her bereaved from to Sa hold a our contVr: . tfood it Lake thing fimily. Citw' si;l "ft k ,v,t,,r-,thought Of.lVIA WlDCRriOKG, P.es to do what I have to do with all euces in different wards, if gave many a i"r Km li a I). AIadskn, Cor.'Sec. my lcjianee o attend that could not otherwise strength. The spirit of revelation and the Vo .so a rA encouraged then; to good works. Kingdom of God are m) widely ANN IL" IIELLSTKO.M. - All ! rsed - , Lnt .i . L.l i . - Si-- tt r KlizabethJ. Stevenson of Salt Lake it takes all, bth spreading ul young and to fill these ca!I, d l() traVjl amonK Citysiid she had learned to do as she was duties. I lave l,..L. "Sisters Zina Young and lunmt line my. asters and to encourage them m their told. lalxjrs . i love. lie patient. with tlioe childB. WtlN send kindly greetings to you sisThey have a ren who arc way ward, b- - kind to them mid ters in this conference today. 1 ne ior your weuare. desire Prophet pray for them, i:i,til the ruinciides of theJoseph organized this Society himself after Oo.pel in their minds and .dkr awhile they will settle down and .seek' after righteousI say the pattern of the Holy Priesthood. i ....... t i ,,... uou me... i.,... tO' 111)' youu uiuuma uuu msius remarks in the same spirit 1 iive tlu-rtn e'5t,J virtuous lives while, you are raising for it is mv desire to do vou "ood. I your families, that they tray le,uob!e sons you, nsri it in the name oi jesus Christ. Amen." and daughters.. Teach them true princi riesideut W. W. Cluff said, "I can truly ples, call your children together .and bo.v ana-can down Lsa 1 ,ani pleased to be with y u and pleas-yodown witu tnem in prayer u'itk the remarks that liave been made. the rich blessings of the Lord upon For 'fil teen years I was a teacher in the 1. approve ol the inductions of Sister Rtlief Society, I would go humble and Stev euson for the young sisters to join the Relief Society as soon as they are married I am prayerful and talk to the sisters. The education of our children commences: pleased to see so many youngtsisters present, come with your mothers, help them visit at birth and continues through life. Many the sick, read to them' and cheer them, of us may regret, that we have not been We more thorough in the education of our sons your young faces will do them good. want the sisters to save up all the wheat in the principles of the Gospd, let us enthey can, we want you to be earnest in this courage them, then there will be any matter. I hope the spirit of your calling amount of. young men to fill responsible positions and we will be proud of them. May nay rest upon' you." this be our happy lot and may the blessings President Mary J. 'At wood said she was of God be with you," pleased with Sister Stevenson's remarks, Bishop S. F. At wood ..gave the sisters !tt us improve by them. We all want good good advice in regard. to the care and" the boys, let us teach them to be virtuous and of their children. lie was pleas'ed. If they have the health respect themselves. with the, remarks and the good spirit maniPriesthood conferred upon them they should fest during the conference. be pure and virtuous men. President Mary. J4 Atwood made a fewr. Conference adjourned until 2 o'clock. - closing remarks. Was pleased with the Singing "Glorious: thrnirs o Itiuu iremade to make us so comfortble. Henediction by Bishop Wright. arrangements Singing from the Sunday School Hymn Aftkknook Skssion: Meeting opened book. Conference adjourned to meet at 1'rav.er T? by singing 'Stars of mornin t1lf firtt 'r.llfd:i in fnv iSnR . lei 'Now by WilletS. Haider. Singing. irdmond WdrhVp j " us etc. rejoice Sec. Mary L. Counselor Ann Cluff said she was pleased to meet with 'her sisters and was pleased We. with the advice given to the teachers! IN MEMORIAM. Written trom who.died.it Colonia, Juirez, Mexi o. pine Deceised was t he daughter of Olof 30 1897. Olson and Ca herine Anders )n S e was born at Gil bera, Sodermanlan, Sweden, March 16. 1S24. Sister H Pstrom embraced the Gospel in her native land n anv years since nnd jithe ed with the Saints, leaving husband- and relttives ut t .Tinging vvith her two children, a son and a daughcr. The daughter died leaving six cl n whom our beloved sister hns tken c ire of, providing for their wants by her' fa lhfui and' untiring labors. Few women hue been more active than was our respected and beloved sister in" carrying on the work God gives wo rcn to t'o.She was a firm believer in industry, not in theory only but in practice She -- was a - strict tithing-payeand was indeed 'a model Latter-da- y Saint, a and woman in whom there was no gui'e. She was a teacher in the Re'ief Society and faithfully discharged her duties in that capacity for s me lime. We "can truly. say of her that she was one of GodS noble, women,, faithful, unassuming and u.i ca.uiiij c was wormy ci imiia tuusiaicui, . tion. Tre funeral services were held at the ward meetinghouse. Appropriate remarks were made by Antony Ivins, pr; sident of the Stake," Bish p George A. S eley, Counseh r Miles P. Roniney and Patriarch W. V. Stowell. A large cortege followed the remains of our beloved sister to its . resting place. In behalf of the Reli f Society we tender our deepest sympathy to the bereaved family. May we emulate her example that when we arc called home we may hear the ioyos no'es sounded ''Well done good and fafthful servant, enter into thy ret." Resolved by the Re'ief Society that a copy of this sketch be sent to the family, a copy placed on record and one forwarded to the "lixponent" for publication. . PiicERE Fife, Pres. - j j . , . 1 - ild-re- 1 -j 0-- 4 - .- - - u. ( j I ; - -- .. -- rn-t-t- vrt , WooLSTj-NnuLMK- r -- I - ' in memoriam of Anna Bridget Hells" SARAH JEREMV WILLIAMS. Sundav morning August 22, 1S97, the spirit of Sister Sarah Jeremy Williams pass-- d to the other world. She was born August n, 1S19, in Llane-gwa- d Parish, Carmarthen Co., South VVales. She was the daughter of Thomas Jeremy and Sarah Evans, and the widow of Evan William. Sister Williams w. s a true convert to the Gospel of Jesus Christ and throughout her life lived Saint. She was among as a consistent Latter-dafirst her in the neighborhood to believe in the mission of Joseph Smith and was baptized! divine June 20, 1S4S. When she left Wales for Ametica, April 9, i86r, her husband and family we- e not members of the trn Church but upon' their arrival in Fiorence, Nebraska. June 10, 1861, Bro her W Iliams ard were baptized by Ap jstle three of ' y ,. If the fathers' would help the Society. to ' With loving remembranceB we record t;e of sons the principles of the Gosj);l might have many more bright young teach our we . : tn tbp fhnrrh schools that they may be fitted to fill responsible positions ana be true principles.' I ask taught the Lord to bless us all." The Make officers of.'th Relief Society 'cre sustained," the vote being unanimous. The officers of the various branches as they P; stand were sustained unanimously. Sister Stevenson spoke a short time. She salvation is individual, we ea h bave to work for ourselves. I am pleased to see so' many brethren the benefit their wives received from tU., . . .AA Ka onfi.'Hm Mivsc meeiings iiiey wyiuu uv . ntt-tOur dsters are better jjst as the brothers are better for. attending Brigham wring mise of our sister, Annie life lS97this M. Sep. who departed City, Annie Nyman Bowrinj?, d tighter of Henry G oreand lane Pird Nyman, was born, at Lye Hill Burbage, Wiltshire, England, Dec. 23, 1844. the ocean She emigrated to Utah in 1S63. crossed a-the crossed in the sailing vessel Amazon, ox with trams plains in Dan McAr burVC mpany of the same and reac ed Salt Lake Citv m Oct. Botvr ng Tear. She was marred to Elder Henry of sons three mother the was the year, and 'two of whom are still living ; of Relief die with Society connected was She - - . dr-'()- ur preseiU-th)-understo- . dor-thetir't- the 15th Ward, Salt Lake Ci'y ashassecret resided 1877 and cameto B igham City-iv here ever since, in lb she ch wh position farv i the 1st Ward Sonety ntil Anril iSS. a so acted as teacner irom mA rem ved Vr' TQr nntil Feb. iSS.v After having to war r t unuijune w which position she u7Jt at ue iu She also acted a . ! od o vl de- 1 cannot do belter than send men. "Vou vour ch'ldrpn ANNIE N. HOWTUNO. . 1 - the-child- ren Geo. Teafdale. While in Florence Sister Williams had avery severe sick spell and for a time her life ;was despaired f, but she recovered and proceeded on her journey and reached the valley irrSeptember. O i this journey she buried two children, one in Florence and one near Green river. Sis erWil'iams was a truly chria'able woman, as many in Wales as we'l ai here can testify. Her greatest pleasure wasin relieving ihe wants She identified herself with of the needy. the Relief Society very soon after reaching Utah and for a great many years she .was an active and" . . 1011 the block where she labored can testify to the faithfulness of her labors, and hey feel that they uSa. 1 meettnes. listers iui A 'our h.o!:!es induce to and happy" Sister Willi 3ms was a refUed and intelligent pleasant time auspands and sons to spend theirvoman, a loving and Npatient wife and mother, Annie Bowring possessed the love and devO ed to her famdy and a do athome. By "sl"J? Z,rznd although, she Jlas beine doing good to others we and true deatMame her sympathizing frienxl. She was greatly to ourselves; Sister Eliza Rl Snow 1UI ,v -- on- mnrnin? oiour Ke blessed in that she retained her he dlh and J" j... , , meetings, al- - so U'.expecieaiy, aysorvised the possessiain of hexfaculties up to and n snirit of solemnity strength uicicw whole on itetbocieiyc ?Sth tune, the her birthday, on which dayshe was taken ayopCI, a6 close"ybur .meetings 1. .. and sadness prevauv...--'. , r".tdii. w ever uo priest nood e Yeea-rs-aircon-- semi-monthl- , y j lu'-ucui- , K 1 X rr-n- , , . . . , 