. of-th- lx-e-n ... of this object is obtained." ; This sum if invested as Washington directed, .would now amount to four and one half million dollars. Hon. G. Hrowne Gcode, late director of the national museum at the Smithsonian institution says: "The "sum of ,401 ,006 (amount of Washington's bequest with compound interest to the present time), if appropriated for this.ptirpo.se bv congress and placed in the treasury of the UniteirStritesr there to remain paying interest of 6 per cert, would yield over 264,000 each year, a sum that would provide for many professorships, lectureships and scholarships, as well as for the current expenses of Private several seminaries or .colleges. gifts would in time be added in large amounts, and congress would, of course, erect such buildings as from time .to time were found necessary." e and-fellowships- -- been a source of serious gret with me ,U see the youth of these .Unitcdjitatcs stntto foreign countries for the purpose of education, often" before their minds were formed, or they had imbibed "It has always re- J laws'' )f Utah permit mani.-- j women and aKo children who arc minni act'ouuts in their uwt. lo o;:u name, miI)' to tludr ow n rdcr. H:i. If nor. os. uu. uch.ari . NOW. one . c pay FIVi: lKK ('i'NT , on any amount from on tu J;ir to thoiia!id-- , and romputo st intnot four t:m's a vr: ITI! for any information 'l'l.i- . - ain' ai'i-ouiit- and (as a matterof infinite importance, in my juegment,) by associating with each other, and forming friendships in juvenile years, be enabled to free themselves in a proper degree from those 'local' prejudices and habitual jealousies which Miave just been mentioned, and which, when carried of dis-- . to excels,' uie iieYefttiliiig-auxrnquietude to the public mind, and pregnant of mischeivous consequences to this country; under these impressions so fully dilated, "Miss Anthony in her address at thr New York State Woman Suffrage Convention last week, paid a high tribute to' the hospitality shown to the National Council of Women- at its recent meeting in NashShe said: "The National ville, Term. Council is a federation made up of societies of all kinds of women, ' orthodox and unNext orthodox, Jews and Unitarians. year we shall have the Daughters of the , s . 'l' . yt-.y- de-iiv- WihKoirn (;un;fa: Main St No.- -. wel fetleffiein W-v- ve come. The people of Nashrille flocked to theFair grounds, and cheered and seemed to believe. As for the hospitality of that midland and inland city of the South, all of --Gtn sqares (value $500 each) .which I hold in the Potomac company (under the aforesaid acts of the legislature of Virginia) toward the endowment of a university to be established inthe District of Columbia under the auspices of the general government, if that government should incline to extend a a' fostering hand toward it; and until such a seminary, is established and the funds arising on these shares shall be required for its support, my further desire is that the profit accuring therefrom shall, whenever dividends are made, be laid out in purchasing stock in the bank of Columbia or some other bank at the discretion of my executors, or by the treasurer of the United States for the time being, under the irection of congress; and the dividends the purchase of such stock is to be invested in more stock, and so on un- -d- m us agreed that we-ha- like it." d never seen anything AMENDMENT. ' M. Vvt't-i- , i . Ki-'t- UTTUSIrJ JTSSSXUi OJ rr IB eoiIc,s l 5 m! Train1' (In ilkSt. arrive Mitrt t S ..If h H, L kt City a 11111 1. OMv. St. cl'' 'or Chicn?,' i, Kins iMrk ( IxmK Om.iJi i, Ivnver nii'l TiOa.m. aj...: M:iii," U.r ChU'w, bL IxtuU; Om.i'.fl, Katies Citj an1 "The -. f,,',-lo- : Lhtii d I'Th'-OvcrUn- - orrViii in ia u tu S PiCTO 5 I Fii-- t 6:i'i'ia lK-nve- r From three to twelve hours quicker to all above pOitHthnn any other line. ARRIVE: "Tne Overlarxl Limitfl," from'(.hI-e;igo- , St. Louis, Omha, Kan-a- s City, Ivnver Hhd Turk City t Mail," firm 'TbeFH'-- . . ... p.m. 0 CMonF a.m. 3 IN SI. Telepho e No. (65. The only lint operating Yhrotich rullman Palace Sleepers, Library, Bufll-- Smoker, Inning Cars, Tourist Sleepers sul Free Reclining Chan 5 City and renver 0 CITY TIC'KKT Ol'l K i:, 0 .1 A t Cars. . 8. II. II. CLARK, OLIVER W. MINK, E. ELLERY ANDERSON, JOHN W. DOANE, FREDERICK R. COUDERT, .Receivers. P. &. T. Agt. Gen. Manager. H. M. CLAY, General Aent. E. L. LOMAX, G. JiixrinxLTLrLfi irLruuxrjir. uxrb njrnjLrin-rLr- t R.K.THOMA! SI SALT LAKE CITY. m-te- rs By-Law- . rahi ('annov, Removed to 48 and 50 Main JToJlie Constiti ion of the National American Woman Suffrage Associa'lon, proposed by Clara Kewkk Colby. Change Article III to read: The membership of this Association shall be: i. All the m of Auxiliary State Associations arcoding to the tusis of representation as estab'ished in the citizens of the United States 2. A su- scribing to this c nstitution, and paying not less than one dol'ar annua'lv into the treasury of this Association, shall become members thereof; and shall be entitled t i attend all meetings, to participate in the discussion that may arise, an to receive reports and other documents publishd bv i.t. 3. The payment of fifty dollars (50) into the tre sury shall constitute any citizen of the United States a Life Member of the Association, with al th'e .privileges belonging to the regular annual members." , d. WiMtimn-T- X - "I give, and bequeath in perpetuity the 50 ? in her resignation as president of th'e Woman's National Council,, at its recent meeting in Nashville. It was necessitated by illness Mrs. May and vvas accepted with regret. Wright Sewall was elected to fdi the vacancy. The immigration laws of this country Six forbid the admittance of polygamists. Mohammedan Syrians arrived at the port of New York recently, and admitting under' eross examination that they believed a religion that countenances polygamy and that they also believed in the custom, they were held for further examination and possible The repr?senta-Jive- s deportation to Turkey. of the Sultan in this country intend to make thisa tesc case. Ji'x. might-be-sent-for pro-ceeing.fro- j.-!if- accounts. NOTES AND NEWS. Mrs. Marv Lowi; Dickinson- sent ... Ami wlii'ii you gft a. dollar, elfjuit is with Xion Savings Hank A: Tn'-- t oM-i ami J;u ;' Mivin- Comji.my, the " . hank inVtah. ' of t 1m bam. Since the more UU)ih)ki-ini- r tlia!i we havf 2 thereof the completion of their education in all branches of polite literature; in arts and sciences in 'acquiring knowledge in the principles of politics and good government, talcnts-fro- -- -- all-parts , e.;- Save Tour 'Moaey!::: 12 UTJTJTJXrLTUTJ any adequate ideas of the happiness of their own; contracting- too frequently principles unfriendly to" republican government, and to the true and genuine liberties of .mankind; which thereafter are rarel;, overcome. For these reasons it has been my ardent wish to see a plan devi.sed on a liberal scale, which would have a tendency to spread systematic ideas through all parts of this rising empire, thereby to do away local attachments and state prejudice, so far as the nature of things would, or indeed ought to admit from our national councils. Looking anxiously forward to the accomplishment of so desirable an object as this is (in my estimation,) my mind has not beet: able to contemplate any plan more likely to effect the measure than the establishment of a university in a central part of the United States, to which the youth of fortune and m -- . Zina H. Hull, Sec'y. . ill - , WASHINGTON'S LAST WILL AND TESTAMENT, J ULV 9, 1799. A' to the ' accomplishment "wcwere all God's children. rvTltelated- ztl instance of a friend of hers" who died out of the Church,-- but whose work in the TeVnple done for her. Gave a notice. had Stake conference of the Relief Society two weeks from today. ' Asked the Lord to ' blcs all those who come to these meetings,, that they might have more of the Spirit to take to their homes. Sister K. J, Stevenson made closing re- .mark'saiid jiieeUngadiourned ; subject to Benediction by the call of th5 president. Sister Lydia I). Alder. WOMAN'S EXPONENT 1 1 The Leading Retail Cash. THOMA . ... T r . 