Wrere oh my soul art thou the Special mention'' should be made of Mrs. Ruthmda Moeuch for the leautiiul poem .ri b hcr for Sister Vc.t. THE gUERY.. r gently cinmng twilight or dar dor r ;t - :ssi.ve Hampered, distressed m Whn v will all circumstance chanzimr and shilling Lind oa a bright shore thy rudderless bark ! no more in'po sesThings once the loviug sentiments of the .1.;v u... u 11 ni j lt:f j if Sister 'Marion Burton with a neat little speech presented Sister .West with a beauti-fill gift from the Primary Association,- a" sion, j. heavy set of silver, lined with gold, consis- tThings once inspiring: no more move the soul; Whence comes the bitter and hated depression, nig of bowl and spoon, cream and sugar n (rr-- it ? viimric,. tn SUter i.vi Ti,;. Sickness and sadness beyond all control UWest. andhe responded in a brief but feel- Is the day dawning, or cometh the sunlight, mg manner, expressing her appreciation o! ? flew Once so entrancing: as time onward the token of love. Is all the future an indistinct twilight, After singing, benediction wis pronounc-- ! and old of filled with dread shadows ghosts ed by President Middleton and conference new? ' The visitors and officers took adjourned Ah I there's revolt 'gainst so wild a conception, up the line of march in the following order: God xnovrt the cvrtain or z eiUth the sun Apostle Richards and family. Hon. Loiin Farr and family, Bishops and And the tried soul which sees but deception, heart-cherishe- t 11 . 1 I 1 ! Pres-'deuts- j , Will find a rich pattern ' when life'i work is . f , families. ... ' Thiul Arriving at the banquet hall, the -- wit ha--j greeted r ward Institute and afeat for the; eyes beautiful sight, Three rows .of;. tables .the. inner man. length of the hall were ulled with the bounties, of tin; earth, and decorated with While the guests were filing Mav flowers. .music along into their alloted seats sweet was being discoursed by Mises Cannon andlloiiUand many fair daughters were fluttering here and there, trying in their sweet way to make all happy, in for Speeches were again indulged awhile and .the crowd began to disperse with many hndshakes.and a "God speed you" to Sister West in her journey. Much credit is due Sisters Rose Canheld, C. C. Richards and their 'associates for the success oi the entertainment and banquet. wc-w- Shadow and sun are alike to the Giver ! His hand in wisdom appointeth the way, The glory Hewilleth beyond the dark nverT Will solve all the mystery shrouding today. , enr 1 j . ' This faith Is ti;e beacon when rolleth the thunder, When clouds are so dense that man "gropes for the wall," This lesson unlearned makes life seem a blunder. "Then cometh the query, "Is God over all?" H. W. Naisbitt BANQUET TO JOSEPHINE R. WEST. A BEAUTli ui. tribute of love and reWest, spect was paid to Sister Josephine Stake Primary president of the Weber A surprise banquet was Association. and officers of given her by the presidents the Primary Associations of the different wards in the Stake, to show their apprecia-nicmfrjerntng:l- tu conference of the Comi.annnal ' a ijc "" Primarj' Association con vened.in Tabernacle on Saturday, September n, at On the stand were a number of 11 a m. Salt Lake visitors, who, by their presence, were aiding in the success of the day. There were the following members of the General Lilhe Board:. Louie Felt, president; secreFreeze counselor; May Anderson, Belle Salmon, aid. tary and treasurer; Also Sister Aurelia Rogers, first promoter of Primary Associations; Sister Emily b. of the Richards, one of the directors ElizaOrphan's Home at Salt Lakeof City; . L. . the' beth Y. Stanford, .president M I A of Weber Stake, recently returned from Washington, D, C. There were also on the stand Sister West and one of her also Sisters counselors, Rose Canfield; also Sister Burton, Herriek and Moench; Jane S. Richards, president of the Stake Relief Society organization, and mother ot Sister West. The following brethren were also present: President Apostle Franklin D. Richards; L. W. Shurtliff, of - Weber Stake, and Elders Lorin Farr and Richard Ballantyne; also a number of Bishops and their counselors. the-Ogde- . - . The large and beautiful building was almost filled with little boys and girls in their holiday attire looking happy and sweet, a beautiful picture to behold The conference was called to order by President Josephine West, After singing and in songs, prayer, the time was occupied' ' recitations and class exercises, interspersed from the visitors. - . Ex. -- THE WOMEN OF AMERICA. ab 1 . I j ! -vo- t - - .. ! i done.. IoiQ of Knight Liberty were forming in the lieias 01, oaiuc mothers, sister. and wives were laboring arduously to provide them with food and cleaning to protect" them from the raw ' of those Xew England winters. The wives of Jefferson and Adams urged them on in the cause of American lnucpendence. as whose wives did uot . iue sau- W ashington is d est picture in the life mat wnen paiung.uiuw iict t!nf lip oid. "L am un conwilling at the close of a life so nearly sumed in public cares to quit this peaeetul There abotlc for an ocean of.difficulties." in his beautiful home at Mt- - Vernon lie leaned, his head upon the shoulder of his I will see you no aged mother and wept. more," she slid, "but go my on, fuliill and vou'i public trust, and may God's peace -ur-'rnothrr blessings attend you That great,' grand heart so terrible in war could stand it tio longer, weephig he Mie the. her side toiever. witlnlrrw molder of hi chuacter; she the guaidian idol of his closing years is angel; V.ie-thol only one bright star in the Empyrean America's noble women. ovr To;ay as we take a furtive glance.astonthe fields ji)f American history, we are ished that little over a hundred years ago the first door was left ajar that women a might enter, the portals of inUniversity. the land Now nearly everv University its fountains ot proudly- - admits, her to knowledge, and thousands arc exclusively for her. She is emancipated in the txxly of all the love politic. she i the proud heir and honor of the American manhood. Recentlv it is said that Max O'Reil, the celebrated" French wit, made the assertion that if he could choose his country, and his Id cl iooscto - he.anAjndicaii .ex - u Now that the wonin of America women.' have been honored by the immortal author of "Uncle Tom's Cabell," Harriet Beecher Cady Stowe, bv Lucretia Mott, EiizalKthPrances and B. Anthony Stanton, Susan Palmer and Mrs. Honora Willard, with that Eagle it will be no longer questioned for truth the divine slumbering jealousy, characterizand progress which has so long ed the hearts and lives of America's noblest women is capable of kindling into a proud flame to be an honor to her nation and her home. women as Tle time has come .when idle will be. shall idle, slothful, untrained men She must be looked upon with scorn. helpmate to henceforth be a reher husband, and his elevated, worthy vourus pledge spectable companion. Let selves as mothers,, sisters and wives in this we most promising nation of the world that and will unite in the cause of progress libertv that we may not only emulate the ni iiwi c .examples of our totemotners immortalize the closing may do our little to as the golden years of this great .century age of womanhood. erffmtrThen - ; ! o elements 1' d 'since'l the chivalrous days I 5- - . e -- he-wo- . it is hot strange that we pause Wnmnmpnt in this eiilishtened day to of praise to the silent tribute a tender nav A .. . t i.t jwuicu suffering hearts ttat nave lauoicu, and the and died for the cause of Liberty in silence prosperity of our nation. Labored and devotion, caring for no other honor than to be worthy wives and mothers of our heroes and noble, men. Since the memorable day when the Queen of Castile offered her je .vels to the dreamer of Genoa d Mm- - him out into' the .sea of darkness, into the unknown world, the patient, lov nas ,1101 ing sacrifices of woman movementoniy for the. but led in every cause of humanity, and the glory of the New World. ' Every student of history around will remember the beautiful story of Mrs. Winston giving of her substance to " for- its questionfit out the " Mayflower able voyage across the wintry, ocean. And Mrs. Carver's you' will not1 forget how her husband,, the Rev. to Tohn Carver, the idol of the- Pilgrims, to the Is ew W oriel. join their expedition And the sad, sweet story of Rose Standish, comthe dainty beauty of the Plymouth of all who knew Emily Ray. pany, the flower and pride of that vicissitudes her, who diedT'inid the Fillmore,, Utah. Pnscil-la- dreadful first winter. The name of Mullins wilb never be forgotten, and the, Brew-- , less known but equally faithful Ann Emma C. Sickels has been comr like Miss and sick the nursed starving who ster missioned by Governor JnBer .qfrlllinws the very guardian angel of the company.. to the meeting of the Farmers no delegate took those of days to women 189 Indeed the for 1897 Congress National national politics, active part in framing of the Domestic Science Association, of love .patriotic represent she is hfw tPHdernersuadine presidents which of to i lovers and sons ypnl led their husbands, I think I . 1 1 self-lumino- 101-low- ed self-sustainin- g bravery-persuade- d - . uf . : 