inr t I '. Vol. " H,!i;l!S,c Conference j Of J t.lu.r ton. v 1HII1KC1 . The Denver S. W'oolley, Sec. ;';.! . iu- - .. i-- Vi-tory- ! . - in. - j I'aniphlt't-o- j..:;rfy. dm Sriiculture. n fiesa r s The speaks. Wed Editorial Friend Of L.ng Ago. r.eneul UeSitfSocietyConferep.ee. A J Nutt- -. :' j ; Spring is now weaving, Kre-- h garlands oi budding llouers, . -A:.d ay bird are giving concert-," Tn'tirur newly-robegreen toC ers. Ib.r vrnile has banished cold winter, Pn vailed the long slumbering earth. Twined' wreaths with her fairy fingers. Krunv darkness awakened new birth. ii Ti-rri- - 'a LluoiTi iLish u.!;i.-in- Miady uouks. lorth-ijy-b- elis --- 'li't - tern-pie- s. KCYPT ,KK.U P, lvi-C-) Klv xi . 1 , Iv ,., hV K,r" MISS JULIA A DKUCK. lim'pstntie strata; and this i; i r 1 ! 3 a s- -i t te- -- dHesV-the-da - f--1 1 re-ea- rli--- cst historical epoch of man. In t tie time ot Ptolemy Philadelphus, during the ;,rd century B. C, Manetho,: high priest of request of this Heliopolis, drew up king, a history, in. which he divided the space of time from Menes the first king of Egypt up to the reeonquest of. that , country by Darius' IF, into thirty dynasties. The work of Manetho has .perished, but the chronological epitomes remain, in The the works of several ancient writers. Hfilv TlihV:- Herodotus, Diudorus, losenhus, Eratosthenes and oilier historians also con- tiJn sources of chronoloirical information. Herodotus saw, and talked with Manetho; - ""; sohat probamY he"obtained many historiThis Manetho had cal items from him been instructed in Grecian learning, which was a valuable aid to him. Learned writers have been trying for many years to reconcile the conflicting statements' of vari- - , ous ancient historians, in regard to dates. The national custom in ancient Egypt, ;was to reckon any important event from, or in the. reign of that king in whose time it occurred, without using the controlling, date rs onv rvrle; This fact" rendered portions of their early history rather obscure, ' and it dilhcult lor Historians 10 o Diai n perfectly correct information. The chronology of Bishop Usher, which IL C, as is from the Hebrewplaced 4004 the date of the Creation, and 2348 B. for the behe; and these dates seem to have obtained the' sanction of theological wfiters. The celebrated hieratic, papyrus' age of the 19th dynasty, at Turin, which contained a system of chronology amngexlrrirprinciplerTifyclicnTnd-Tsuffered so much years, has unfortunately mutilation7thatc it" is" impossible to reconstruct it satisfactorily. It is therefore better to depend upon the account given by Manetho as to the dynastic succession;--takithat history as waves of time, more remote especially" in regard to the l periods. There is not orother data, for a sure conclusionabout many of dhe early rulers.. The docud the list furnished by e also-mad- e continues on both sides of the valley,-for. covered about 130 miles, when it is again limestone deposit; which forms the Sea to' the 'first cataract of the Nile, that of by northward of extending A ItS other portions, IIP mif S:f Wimoi, of hills. . The scenery of the length from this cataract to the northernand monot "Mies; most point of the. Delta, is about 500 ,,HnHs occur; on one of onous, Ke the and it, breadth from the shores of of Sea to the employed bemg. 'aateriat Libxajesa-gh. ht Gueh a at was inhabited .ery aUSo mitesV This land, , . . . ....:....,r.limesione.i3 "5Fd 17 ancient times it contained a great .deficient m imber tae 7 . , afford. number, of ritiP. nnrl nn incredible multi- - .taiueci ceui ' described J Utde of sculp- may be Egypt -L as the bed of the .Nil- e- the cuU.va a from : , syenite and basalt, r tnres uramic, nuxu territory onlv" extending to tne nmius ui " Assouan, porpnyry were iaundation. In the island of Rhoda, situopened in the which Dbshan, ebel P ated on side of the river from Claudius; sandstone of Emperor in-- .' which was found airo, .is the Nilometer, a column etc. .Alabaster, which tone dicate.s.the height of the water during a" r marna7lias been Emer-- . mundation of the Nile. This pillar is the present day. periods-tirlest who ruled in Egypt from the close ot Gebel The of kings Slender. "54ej3r5arble and is very. areroduced by ihe mines ahls bearing building here .formerly had a dome, of Kgvpt is a country in the northeast Africa, extending from the Mediterranean f. f. g-- C, Y- ("r. .""l"" : ''.e ..- ... - " of-th- e m , - : - the-Libya- ' vn at-th- ' L. M. H. 17. 1 ' " 1, I i ! L C, May j n voi ' ' f(.ttes . . ' I ringin Fresh cat pets of green and gold spread, e'en. in deserts upbringing, have ttead. Wi.erever her U beautiful vernal dawning, Vc tow hail the witii glad ekdight And rejoice in th ''urning lob-- s of liglit. in k'd bcauttii.i De, 1 re - i - Wect famous nations'oT old were in their youth. The pyrannds.Were rising on the bank of the .Nile at iin epoch- coeval with that of Abraham and Isaac. Egypt was a powerful and opulent empire in the days of Joseph": and it was in the Egyptian schools that Moses received Jiis education. One of the most important points in 'the histnrv of this land, is the chronological; ; .ling. I'rtjnj liigli inountains to purhng brooks, SU- - arbutus vines are trailing, U . . . she's pling- her husy loom. e. 1 unendurable. ' 1 tie irritating enects caused by innumerable particles of sand, which accompany this wind, are also very disa-- ! greeablc. Fortunately it seldom continues more than three days at a time. Kgypt is separated from Nubia ly a low hilly region, composed of granite rocks, The same crystalline rocks extend up the L shore of the Red Sea, to near the opening of the Gulf of Suez. The scenery in this district is wild and rude.. The course of the 'Nile Lis often interrupted by. cliffs and broken T masses of granite, lormmgy magniiiceutcataracts. The granite, region termiuaieh here, were at Assouan. From the rocks colossal and obtained the materials for the monolithic monuments of Egypt, Tlie bounded by two valley of Upper Egypt is the ranges of hills running northward on AraTjian oti the right, and the left of the river; both, alike, comsed of cretaceous strata, '.the "predominant rock is a durable and being sandstone. This therefore used easily worked stone; it was ancient extensively in the erection of The city of Thebes was- built of it. tends" from the granitic i rocks forming the first cataract at Assouan, thaigs with new life -- re "1 .... lfnimJ-ts.iute4ise-licati;4tdryevSl- He; vuice has called into actiuii, Mighty forces, work to resume; .That never may pars'; nor slacken, A .1 1 column at Khoda. The ."most ancient of thee measures. appears to have .been, erect ed at Memphis. The climate of Kgpyt is not very healthy, The sun is extremely hot, and rains fall but seldom.. Thunder and lightning-arboth unfre.fplent. At intervals during the spring, for about fifty days. ..Egypt is liable witirl nf the desert, 'which tn flu- d. AVhile f, is -- ; i'.KAUTlFlJLSI'KiG. t h e "we 21 tliat" " S t ra bo vesterirEurope7;The (UeinTyratnid"was atid. is much .older ..than. ..the. .an antiquity in the days when many of the .Th i s . ..No. : and-scienc- ; . Parly In The'I.ion Jlou.e. ij.noKiAi.: ,)!. ' Cpmstoik. e build "p . . Zabara. "Salt, natron, and .since 1S50, sulphur are among the other' mineral productions o' Egypt.' Xatroji is a native carbonate of soda, and was used by the jcople We know in their embalming process.' that Egypt occupied a very early place in the world's civilization. Thence Greece She derived her art, literature handed them down to itnterial Rome, whose mission it was to diffuse them over j .. I.. M. H. Ucautiful Sp ing .,lhlKy: 1S97. ! s,i;a!tI.oJide. The jubilee I'rie Commission v AVell-.-Adef.i.d- Home, the State and the Nation-- be a Power to better the a'Cufic in.script inn rlitf.fi Xi- - A H At Ii"eent this Nilometer consists of a square well, 111 which is placed a graduated pillar 0f mnrble. There is another Nilometer. at Elephantine, close to Assouan, which con- sisls of a 'staircase between two- walls,' des cending to the Nile. One of these walls. has engraved on it a series of lines at propet intervals, wliich uiarked the different tleva-- I tions of the river' during the time of the ' ana .Meeting H. I'. Society, ladies Semi Monthly h;;:Ill. of Ui.ih should SALT LAKE. CITY, UTAH, MAV i, 25 rnVTl'.VTSr j 'the Women Ihnnls of tf ! an(j-ebon- pe; e ng - sufficient--.monumenta- the-opposi- te S -- . o v. -- 