.....-v-r?'- " y Y The Ballot in the Hands of the Women of Utah should be SALT LAKXv CITY, VOL. 25. CONTENTS: - Uriel-M- aria -- C.-Orie- lle . 1 , Semi-Monthly -- And News. to better the Home, the UTAH, JAN. 15, AND FIvB. i, Convention Houston Kimball Smith At Brighton. Editorial Notes.. Ellis' R.Shipp On Her Hirth-tL- t Poetry1: y Jubilee My Only Emily H. W'oodmansee Sister L I). Alder. Selection From Times And Seasons President Joseph Srhith. l To-Dr- A-M- . TO DR. ELLIS R SHUT ON HER BIRTHDAY JUBILEE. In the gladsome Long Ago In the Ijright simshining weather 'I here romped by my ;de ;i winsome-lasAs we strolled along together. The light wind caught her ll.ixen hair And smothered the lair young face, While her eyes of blue flashed in merriment 'As idle ;ind the wind kept apace.. greet you on this festive day, And certainly, it seems to me You're passing by victoriously, The fiftieth mile stone in your way. smiled at her glee and michief . She danced so mnrh like an elf; And though tried be serious, 1 ' in of m'self. laughed spite, Oh, those happy days are gone forever, For my siter to womanhood grew, Crowned with a beauty and gentleness, That were, both strange and new. - I t- - She is still my little sister As in the far away days ; And I put out my hand to guard her, Again in her romping ways.. And I am still her brother For ever and for aye ; X d And she with her limy, snowy Jrand. Will lead me. to Heav'iVs (lay. - . Then. came Love and she strayed from jiie Her loving only brother; Herforma tender grace knov it is just past the starlight, Where the beams are glimmering thmmgh Jt must be her glistening raiment, That shines through the vault of blue. And I hear her voice as I listen, For the breeze is whispering low; And she trills again the merry songs, She loved so long ago. Sudrcountl ess cares to Life belong ; Huge" obstacles the path bestrew ; 'read influences around us throng ; One's resolution must be strong, Opposing forces to subdue. And I prayed for her in passion, And wept as well as prayed, That God would shield my sister And misery's hand be stayed. For she so bright and happy, Seemed all the world to me. I shared her joys and wept in griefs And feared' what the future might be. sincere-Congrarulatio- ns r 1 So human like it is'to fail, So human like to faint and fall, The best, are liable to slip : And noblest ones must sometimes sip The dregs of vinegar and gall. However beautifully clear Or brightly blue the present sky, full well I know in days gone by You've lived through trials most severe, I hat taxed arid proved your courage high. ' ' " - . raise well deserved, is near akin To compliments from flattery's lip ; Much credit you have earned I ween, And loving-heartreserve therein A place, for Dr. Ellis ; Shipp. I ." s Long Long Long What What may you live, nor weary grow ; may you 'needful help bestow ; may you soothe yourufteringlcTnd purer joy could mortals know, nobler task could mortals find ? At length when age, must o'er you may you gently fall asleep F orgetful of all mortal strife ; And be by angels carried hence Torearva glorious recompense Celestial - j S. L. City, joyand Jan. creep-- '. endless life. Emily H. AVoodmansee 20, 1S97. - X LyijI.v D. ' A II A PPYT--B Theyspke-o- f And whispered faint air; " Wre bloom forever in Paradise, . We never grow, old and sere." and flowers song, Flowers and sdng, for seemed that And a parting aye, mother bosom in her Earth, Then; deep i t treasure a,way. Hid mr precious e .llVU X rt-n- ' Where the whispering winds soft blow; And will meet with us, no never again, ' ' While this life we live below. - Aldkk. I RT II D A Y At Home Wednesday, Jan. . But no i clothed in bridal array, In her casket I saw her rest ; Her heart was still, her lips were cold, iter hands lay White on her breast. But peaceful and calm was the scene Like a Princess she rested there, While the bridal flowers of spotless hue, Were twining everywhere. - Dec. 24, 1S96. e - ill' In fancy I see it o'er ; Thank Him for the sw eet assurance, In heaven we'll part no more. - the home made empty, And I sit-iAnd my eyes fill up with tears. Here is her picture, the oress she wore, old some new Her' trinkets, Her dainty, belongings seemed part of herself, ;. As though she must be there too. so-n- ; Ueautilul vision hank-Gor"foTtne But 'tis over, she. has gone faf away Past my prayers, my hopes, my fears, on-th- On But the music grows faint and fainter, As the stars fade fast from my sight i And the clouds come thick and darker, And I feel alone in the night. . Y.t've hard race, ;een t! And made a record bright and clear ; And surely now, from friends are in place. v I And I felt that she loved another, With a love that never was mine, But G, I thought of the future, Uf the change that would come witTi TimeT Sustained by Jod's assisting grace I And I feel tint she knows how I loved her, While here in' this earthly home. And changes now w ilf never come, Her heart and mine between ; .And never a tear will fall again, For the love thatniight'hHve'"leen,; .But the love light looked so rosy. As it shone upon her facew Her eyes took on a thoughtful look I 14 N: 15 think of how she is waiting, And watching for me to come, And Well, change mut come to all the world, But my heart still true to its trut, Only sighed when I saw the change in her, For our love of the Past seemed as dust. your untiring friends No. 1897,. . Her thoughts ever given to another. "Come, spend with mean afternoon In honor.of my Jubilee." . And I gaze on the stars in the silent night. As they shine hrtbe vault :dove. s 1 State and the Nation But O. I know she is living In a world where all is Jove, No longer we romped as in the old days, I) fa k friend, your dainty messenger Welcome, a welcome well could be, Conveyed your wishexpressed in time, As one of arv -- . . :,!nOKlAL:-Annua- -- Pouer "MY ONLY SISTER.' Happy Birthday Lc L)- Alder. A Mother In U. V. P. McRae. Relief Society In Chicago, Muni' Curtis, Sec. Party Mary S'Chrhtensen. .Spring City Mrs. Stowe's Kelief Society Nancy Acord. Monument. R. S Reports In Memoriam M. A. Itrdy. Resolutions Of Respect. Letter Fr.om Culumbus, Kansas E. A. Scam-isonObituary A C. M. Ladies' Meeting L. I J.. AKJer Sec. Washington Co. Silk Ason. LulaV Letter L. L. Greene Richards. Notes A a . 1S97. ' Old friends and true : dear friends though new Come join me on mv natal day ; Through fifty years, of hopes and fears, Through all my "earthly joys and tears, You've been, with God, my stall and stay." : : y Ellis : . - 20 From 3 P. M. R. Shih So read the dainty card' that announced the jubilee year of our esteemed friend. In response her friends came, about sixty At the door they were met by in number. her charming daughter Ellis fand further in the ball of her spacious dwelling were greeted by the hostess herself, looking beautiful and radiant with happiness. The day' was damp and cold without, but within was warmth, a genial feeling and the odor of many flowers ; flowers" on the mantles, in the hall windows: and 6ther conspicuous places, making one almost think '.L-'-- . Summer-hacome again. " These beautiful emblems oLiove we re- -children. gift of Dr. Shipp's them was beautiful this Accompanying d sentiment : "Mother dtar we loveybu. i 