WOMAN S "U EXPONENT togcihej on this subject we can rifely say that the bined and wQtKtttfa a lifetime do of us much effort in characters and ilisjositions of mankind are .cannot as can of a elewiion mankind, mother the conditions the respect the aged and sympathize with" the influenced. very .much bf of effort. months in nine prenatal afflicted.. In these good things and many which operate during the jcriod of gestaIt is a noticable thing that in the ruling others they are tanglit and disciplined by tion. .The lata Fordice Barker has been actual doing, all tending to establish correct credited with demonstrating the correctnessr. and guiding of this world there is 'absolute, of the theory of maternal impressions in ly nothing done by chance, from the sentiments as they grow, to man and woAmerican .growth of the smallest insect to that of the manhood. paper read in 1SK6, before the , largest quadruped; from the falling f a It is for such results brought about Gynecological Society.' with Let us imagine a mother surrounded sparrow to the death ot a sinner or a through Sister Rogers as an instrument in. the hands of God that we have met to offer the most pleasant .and happy conditions,' Christian; from the forming of the tiny crystal of dew, to the laboring of 'the her our heartfelt gratitude and pay the having proper daily habits, refined, intellihurricne. In all and through all due her faithful, loving. and successful gent, full of reverence for God, the Great of God's Oruni. is labors. Many noble, inspired men and woCreator, loving all good filings especially and over all the woiking men have devoted their life's best work to the little helpless being given her to nourish potent presence His unchangable and laws. In the production of offthe good and happiness of little children, Appreciating and bring into existence. struggling on alone, their efforts unap-- . the most glorious privilege of motherhood spring there too must .be a law a law of predated and finally p issing away unhonor-e- d and earnestly desiring to perfect herself in right and wrong, and the their bread cast every good quality she would desire her of this law entails on its violaters the penand unsung, alty of a sickly, effeminate, mediocre., short. . upon the waters has returned to them even child to possess. lived. progeny, while its close observance, after many days, but under the Gospel Then for a moment look at another woreign, with its marvelous system of organman, immoral, uncleanly, profane, degraded brings with it an approach to perfection in ization to present and perpetuate the inin thought and action, hating her unborn form, feature and soul of the new born. The influence of a right birthright on the spired thought given to men and women, child, in fact having murderous feelings tocomes their meed of appreciation and praise wards it. Now can it be possible for this future welfare of mankind is immense. A a is sweet to them even in this life; it low, vile woman to bring into existence as statitican has estimated that every married toil when and for all their they rest pure, healthy, intelligent, gifted, couple producing offspring may calculate works their in the Lord, from their labors lovable child as the former mother upon four millions of descendants in five ; follow them.jand their names are held in referred to? hundred years. And then the influence of Saints the remembrance could honorable For it is not only, true that she laws in the among or jiot of God. endow him With those desirable qualities conception of a new life does not stop at its T. 'Freeze. Lii.uk Oh no, it extends life, but that she is exit from this world. during his ante-natand Give birth to .1 human into eternity. wholly unprepared to leach, guide or direct his young mind either by example being under conditions that will make it an the prenatal imbecile or an idiot, and the parents'br any precept. And allowing that P REN ATA L INFLUENCES. on the sane person will not think that after its a influence wield conditions great unbern child, it is also an .established fact death it will in the next world, bloom into In the American Text Book of Obstetrics we find the following: "There exists a that the teaching and training of a child a Shakespeare, a Milton or Bacon. Endow determines to a great extent the a new life with n licentious, gluttonous, popular belief which was particularly preva- - after birth character, qualifications and avocation. unclean and wicked nature, and no right- lent during early times. that the peculiar So as life produces life should it not be an thinking observer will decide that as soon sensations, emotions, sights etc.,. experienced by a pregnant woman are frequently incentive to every true mother, to aspire for as such a soul leaves this earth, it vyill take best in-transmitted ta heiLchild , and Jf these, sights the highest, the purest,-th- e 6irthe garments of. purity,, innocence, ? Cowan Dr. Therefore it be says: and impressions are particularly frightful things chastity and holiness. "To have chi Idren is a thing greatlylq n dd fcc t s on-1 h e eh i Id ee to it that they t ligym n ni n r to be but children have well of desired; One of the arguments advanced in favor of learn the law, understand and practice it. this view is that a belief so universal is balanced organizations, healthy, beautiful Ida Lowky Aixkn. rarely entirely fallacious, especially when and possessing the. quality of genius in some one or. other direction, is something the subject is based upon observation. At the present time authors, practitionevery parent should long strive and work for." NOTES AND NEWS. ers and teachers differ, but up to the beginning of the iSth century tb.y were nearly Why is it there is so much of the plain unanimous in the belief that birth "marks, and mediocre of mankind IiT the 7 world?" Tins founding of a new is deformities and lack of development phyis it there when one that success in Why university, is contemplated were and due to endeavor life's there are one thousand of by Washington Corrington, a millionaire sically mentally impressions received from, the mother. failures? Why is it that there is, so much farmer of Peoria, 111. He is now eighty-fiv- e During the past forty years many articles sin, misery, suffering and premature death years old. For twenty years he has have been written strongly opposed to the .and so little, so very little of genuine sucthe been thinking of a plan to ot prenatal influcess and hsppiness ? Why is there so much education he could not get in his youth, previously acceptexL-tlieorence. wrong in life, so little of the right ? These and he has finally arranged that after his been It. has always extremelv difficult to are important questions, yet easy of soludeath.his entire fortune, $1,500,000, gatherdemonstrate that any deformity or lack of tion; for when it ' comes to be understood ed his long life of toil, shall be used during imin the to an that not more than one child in perhaps ten to found Corrington Institute arid Univerchild, was due development which rethe mother thousand is brought into the world with the sity. It will be erected on his old homemay have pression ceived before its birth inasmuch "as there consent and loving desire of the stead near Peoria, where he has toiled for parents, ' seems to be at least one very strong arguand that the other nine thousand, nine hune years. dred and ninety-ninment, in that we find no direct nerve conchildren are endowed nection existing between the mother and with the accumulated sins of the Rev. W. B. Palmore, of the St. Louis parents, is child. :" it any wonder that there is so much sin, Advocate,- - strikes this contrast: " When We must conclude, however, that there sickness, drunkenness, licentiousness, murwexsee" the. average Southern girl, we are some unknown laws operating to inder, suicide and premature death, and so generally feel like volunteering our serfluence the unborn child, for in this way little of purity, chastity, success, goodness vices for protection, to see that no harm beare family traits and features kept in exisand long life in the .world ? The reformafalls her. xWhen .we see the average tence and in this way are the traits, characourtion of the world can never be accomplished Northern gtrlNye feel like putting ters and dispositions of races' perpetuated the millenium of purity, chastity and n selves under her protecting care, that she from one generation to another. se happiness can never reach 1 the earth-exceshe may see that no harm befalls us. ' But the vital point under discussion 1T through cheerful" obedience to prethis: to what degree are the characters natal laws. Miss LuTii Lytle, the young colored and dispositions of mankind affected by With educational institutions in the woman who Graduated last summer from " ? influences prenatal worldall the benevolent, industrial and. the law department of the Central Tennes From the testimony of the best observers reform societies -all- the temperance soci- see College, at Nashville, has been ainiitted from the historical and scientific witnesses eties and all the divines in the world com'-- o the bar at in to keep the word of iviCMv.-Xaitthe. ordinance for tlie'lie':ilTngof the sick, to . c . re-spe- ct ve un-deviati- non-observan- long-befor- . re-war- ; d sweet-tempere- d, . . well-directe- . mis-directe- d . , . d al . . alb -- oove.-allpajentslQ t- non-sectaria- n -- give-othe- y fifty-thre- e - in-te- pt . ' , Memphis. A. rs 