tiXPONKNt. WOMAN'S Wo iiMLwant MAN-:S::XP.GNE- N that you ANN1H 4tUrtl Ctnlniutfr. WELLS CAXfiiON ,CamttuM), semi-monthl- y, . , - p PUBLIS! IKR WOMAN'S EXPONENT, Salt Lake City, Utah. . .Entered at the Post Oflce in Salt, Late City, Utah, as ccond-clas- s matter . Salt Lakk City April ful, and we should ; .Published in Salt" Lake City; Utah. Terms: one copy one year, tuoo; one copy six .months, 50 cts. No reduction m;ile lot clubs. City papers delivered by mail, extra for postage one year, 2$ cts. .Advertising rates: Each sqjire, ten lines of nonpareil spice one time, 4.1.50; per month, joo. A liberal 7 count to. rec'ilar advertisers. KxroNtNT office. Rooms 227 & 228 Constit ution Buildtng, M.iin Street. opposite Z.C.M. 1 Business hours trora iq a.m. to 5 p.i. every day,. except Sunday. Address all business communications to - 15, 1S97. THE GENERAL CONnUENCE the-gre-at Tins' annual Conference of the Church of Saints was held Jesus Clirist of Latter-dain the Tabernacle in this city, commencing Sunday, April 4th at 10 a. m. and closing Tuesday, April 6th. President George Q. Cannon presiding the first two days, President Wilford Woodruff not being able to attend the services until the third day. ' The people were verv desirous of seeing ( on the ' President WotxlrufT in his pla stand and of hearing his voice in the Conference, and doubtless great faith was exercised in his behalf and on Tuesdaymoru-iug- , April 6th when the President of the Church appeared the assembly rose enmasse and saluted him silently with the waving of handkerchiefs. A - great wave of emotion seemed U) pervade the house. The 10 rresuient responded tne salutation witu, "God bless you all;" and afterwards wlien --tic arose to pwdk an intense SClle 01 satis- factionhone from the countenances of the y -- Doc-trine.au- multitude. President Woodruff was the first speaker I lis remarks' were as follows: 'M want to say to my brethren and sisters and friends that through your prayers and faith I am here this morning. I have been considerably under the- weather, as the saying is, for a little time past, but. I am glad, to meet with you and feel to say a few words to you this morning. I know it 'would not be wUdom for me to occupy a great deal of time or .ay a great deal. .First, I will say I Jvave followed the reports and sayings of the Apostles and Elders from the commencement of the Conference until this morning; what I have not read myself lias been read to me, and it has been a great deal of consolation to me I want to say to the Latter-daSaints the God of heaven is at out His in fulfillment; of revelation and purposes and prophecy inspiration, which He, has given' through His Prophets and- - Apostles "anfl Patriarchs from the commencement of - - -- y do so. g i'wCk-- - , trying to honor the Priesthood and oeoDle to build up the kingdom of God, to setla "good example, and to establish righteousness. And I want to say to the young, men and maidens, my young brethren and sisters, who may be present here this mom- - " have Apostles with you, you have High Priests and 'Seventies, and the other bodies of Priesthood, and they have great responsibility "testing upon tliem, in the capacity in which . they labor, I have a Jreat desire, what time I do live, to see the lepIeprogress, to become united, to comprehend and to understand the spirit and power of God and their calling; you should do this, and you have got to do something j of this kind, in. order to carry out the pur- You stand here in the poses of the Lord mountains of Israel, raised up by the Lord. You have done a : great work here, and there is a great deal more to do. You are redeeming the dead '"arid' the living,- and sending abroad thousands of the Elders to warn the nations of theearth of those events " t is not .going to fail on His par in any of these t tiingsI t is for us as a people to do our duty, to labor for ourselves'aud for our fellowmen; to occupy the time that we '.have-hereto the best advantage we can, in -A - ATou y the work:intil!tliishi)iir , - j try. to be iaTth.' our yons and ; .daughters, give them good advice, and them a good example that we may have im regrets of their falling into .principles, ancl practices which are not right and righteous before God, on account of our example. I say, God bless you; labor for the Holy Spirit, labor for light and truth, for revelation and inspiration, learn the mind 'and will of God concerning yourselves aiid of the work of God on the earth. Keep your eyes ojen to see4 your ears to hear, and your hearts to understand the truth, and that you may- see the hand of God visible throughout the world, which will be more and more visible vfrom this scene. God ble.vs time to the5 winding-uyoiu Ameii. Other remarks were by Apostle Merrill, watch-ove- r v-- t . -- . the-tru- . : ; th - p - . ..Apn tie Lund who occupied the remainder of In the afternoon rethe morning service. ports were read by. President Joseph F, Smith from the Relief Society, W L. M. I. A;r and Primary Association. Members of the Brigham Youiig Academy" Hoard were sustained by unanimous vote of' the Conference. - President Smith then presented the General authorities who were all unanimously The meeting was then adsustained. dressed by Elder 15. II. Roberts, who spoke of his recent mission to the large cities in the United States, and was followed Samuel W. Richards, late President of the Eastern States Mission.' President George (). Cannon then addressed, the Conference, mentioning the Brigham Young statue, and that it was desirable that it should be completed as far as practicable by the time of the Pioneer Jubilee. Much of his. sermuii " . - . by-Eld- - semi-centenni- influences" that were to used speciously draw away the unwary and deceive the Saints; warned the people against these false doctrines and urged them to,be diligent and faithful that they might not be led into error and darkness. President Woodruf spoke, briefly on the -- vvtntnHhrjJelusive subject treated by President Cannon, regarding seducing spirits and delusive doc-- , trines and characterized them as false, deceptive and of a nature to lead those who imbibed them to destruction. The choir sang the anthem Glory be to the Lord, cur Deliverer." Conference adBenediction journed for six months. John Smith. wel-far- . work-carryin- d d ' - ri . them and upon :is: T:T:e;tue hMerjcruia uuitw and mothers wave'ouT-vi-u- i. coine- - iqMn -- in neetion with your fathers the balding up of the kingdom of ;Qod. Do not spend vour time in the follies and frivolities of this world, but try to improve your tjme. You occupy one of .the most important dispensations and generationsa God has ever given.to men, and I have Wat interest for the rising generation. I .know for myselt and not for another, that the Lord has raised up our children, our sons and' daughters, to stand in the footsteps of their fathers in the winding-uscene of the great workyof the Ziou of our "God. I realize that they do not comprehend, in fact there are very few who comprehend today the position we occupy, and the responsibility we are under to". God and the Holy Priesthood, who have raised us up and placed Us here in the midst of a. generation of men and women, children of men, upon whose heads are going to rest events great responsibilities, in which, are to follow, each other in quick succession in the day in which we live. As far as l am concerned, I do not know, it has never been revealed to me, why ray life has been preserved,' while the Lrd has taken awav Prophets and Apostles and other men of God, who have. spent three or r lour, ten or twelve, iouneen- - or nueeu years in tne capacity 01 me ounuing up 01 the kingdom of God". Our Savior himself was only three years and a half in passing through his experiences of teaching the people, the organization of the kingdom of God, the choosing of the Twelve Apostles, His crucifixion, His death and His resurrection. The Prophet Joseph spent about fourteen years translating the Book of Mormon, the history of the Jews, the House of Israel on this continent, and the dealings of God with that people, lie performed that work and brought.,forth the book of Covenants, a code, of .revelations as great in language-anprinciples, ancl in the account of as great and important events He as have ever occurred on the earth. performed ail this work in about fourteen years and a half. My brethren, the Apostles, two or three quorums, have passed away since my ordination;- nearly all but myself up to a certain peroid, have, passed. I am not speaking the things boastfully, but I am here, ami it is my duty while I remain here, to try to say something that will 'be of interest to; the Latter-daSaints. I am interested in your welf.mv in the e of Zjou. It is the Zio; i f God, planted, here by the hand of God, ami the Lord has guided and directed it, and wiU continue to Editor. a; WELLS, EAfAfEUXZ: which are .to ypJJL1 ymi to mater- REMINISCENCES OF PIONEER DAYS. TiiE effort being put forth by the semicentennial commission is calling in from all quarters reminiscences of those early days, which were so significant of the future; and yet those who participated therein could not foresee what has since been" un-- , folded to their-viewirrt- he eventsthaf have-transpi- red. Those of us.who were in Winter Quarters at the time of the departure of the "pioneer company, and . were cognizant of some of the previous1 arrangements, only recall those things that were of general interest and perhaps incidents relating to their own immediate families and their friends;-Al- l of us are likely to remember the 'an iety that prevaded the entire settlement when the decision was made public, though it was very well u nderstood that at - ' x-- -' . 