' vn Tl w II H A The Ballot in the-Hand- of s VOL; 26. unc LAi I the Women of Utah shouJdU a Pou; mm am m r ? - better the Home the State and the Niu.on. y. . A Heart of Lovsey." Jean IneloA- Edith A Distinguished French Woman, Gold-Cl- io. The Coot! Shepherd ZionN Convert Queen WE. S Girlhood Ladies' Sem- .Victory's Sec. in Monthly Meeti g Zina H. Bull, Nctes' and News. Our rav rite 'Mwnoriam. weary-eye- grew brighter then, and faint jrr Til - Recipes. . Editorial: Affairs. Municipal j Editorial ! - Xctes. '1? J)$ eailei?reams his note, as aloft he sails and soars; i. And. hope is bjrn,, t)ut. even .thojk Jn. some far day o Com-- ', O but and rolling Marmora J shah bear the 1" ' message home. 'Her friends on 1 Poetry: Marmora Ruth M. Fox- ,- Clara Barton. Only , -- ! ; MARMORA. - ' HV CLARA AR 15 The Woman's '. Ton, nople, July dedi-catf- d liberty. Since on its sunlit bosom, unfurled, Atlantic's mighty bi lows wind-tosse- and sails bore a message to the A . . r mystic ruyme some 01 uie prettiest pictures 01 me, put imo mc mind's mirror so vividly .that the interest- ed reader forgets the words of the poem, and sees the picture as if it was mounted on canvas and encased in the Irame belore " A' mother showing a portrait ot him. her child.' is a poem matchless and unsur- oased for illustrating to its readers the v n mother for her child,' and IV - nf VUk inrp her reflections of the ho'pes espoused by all mothers lor tne neaveiuy gainenng ui. The last two lines of this M,0 rtomttpH poem make a gem of themselves, that we n nid aii ivvvm nini ry ill ' uui- cvuy way Miuiiiu iiticrTiti nnd use as a jmide lor our acts and love for others: " Then thy heart must take forever .. explicit words . the eagle hails the kindred screams it through the air. And no.e, an ' way for liberty, it roared, here let the op- -. pressed go free; Break loose the bands of tyrant hands, this laud is not for thee ! Tae Old World in its crusted grasp grinds on the souls of men, . , Here plant their feet in freedom's sail, this land was made for ihem ! mother slept ;n her island home, but the children heard the call, , And ere the western sun went doAn.had answer, ed one and ail; For Britain's thirteen colonies had vanished in a i- " day, six and half a J.. - : 1 y ! I . . g i ct araiiit And here she was, iiMiitru. i 1 in tm-ii- o vnv wi uwia. years of e, age and unmarried; with even her affections with what she called unentangled,-excepher " Memories of early girlhood. " She sat alone upon the porch step one : September evening enjoying the soft radiance of the harvest moon, and her thoughts t Less than it esto s." . . - they would reach the valley. A small company ci men wun wagons ana provisions had been detailed to go out' and meet the weary travelers, and iyere already on their way. The happiness of Grace at this news was somewhat tempered with doubt as to how her old lover would feel and act toward her. She had sought bravely enough .to carry One after out her clans of indeoendence. J another she had accepted the attentions of numerous suitors, out me enu uau uiway.. been the same. As soon as they showed any disposition to become lovable, she had jUSt when 01 ,rrt - ' " -- -e CLIO. reports came in of John's devotion to the cause, and his success at winning converts, which' '.was ofcourse a great comfort to all who knew' of his pre vious career. And then came the news that he had finished his labors and was on turn- mc Ytny uumc l. iuc licuu ui a I " - upon the plain, the panther in hi The buffalo lair. ...... , HEART OF GOI.l). Flattkuing I j - BY - thunders down its rocky- - coast, and stirs its frugal homes, - Edith Lovskv. . To him express some tender, loving thought Which, in the hurry of this busy world, We do not hear, or do not understand, The quaint, sweet language that is all their own;1 To take t ese beautiful and tender 'noughts And then translate them into single words Made easy for his children's stammering- tongues! This is thepo-t'- s tas .". world. roams . - . All things, however mean or common, have A hidden beauty and a radiance Not seen by common mortals All God's works march of human d . "To poet's eyes to W. W. Feet, Esq. It was twenty and a hundred years, O blue and rolling sea ! , thousand in the onward Journal IE AN INGELOW, and 4, he-Atlantie1 of A i97- - President of the Red Cross Society. Written in Constant m " ! this-side-- endorsed her. to Queen Victoria, and pro posed that, she be appointed poet Lauv .eate " of England, but she did not receive the appointment, ' although she numbered Queen Victoria among l er personal friends. Jean Ingelow died in London July 19, : Make .. beautiful this sentiment, and how much grander our world would be if we all Jives away. subject of John would "Take less than we bestow.!", strayed to the And brows were dark and words were few, the Selfishness would then vanish as a mist beHeplar and his return. She wondered how ' he would look, how he would act. whether steps were quick-ad strong, fore the bright sunshine. t ti iU iiirn tne lips as ever his who treasures "up a J"eInpIowwTs , ; .; 'wrong; Her mother was of if he would still be cold and indifferent, as in 1820. colnshire, aa stern the tones To her credit be it otirl hpr father was- a well- - before'he went away. that offered up the prayer -said, that all such thoughts were strictly i . 1.0,. finp. tnte lectuaf culture. wiue me oea, ... . . y j UilUMi AIW tnanv c.-.- i. shv in her confidential; Outwardly there was no iU.i :Ui yycjji "- nri t I he poetess a.: ouiik. j " ujtit uigui ;ca"'"6Vi silent rfroi danerer. and no thought of giving an inch, .unevent-r..i.i;?- o days, and lived a quiet, urnf?! tSA7, when the first pubhea- - of betraying by word or sign her feelings, -buSIes ca1!, and swords are illv, K armies and ji ; out unless he took the. initiative. -- her The click of the anu mmu, the poets tho Old World casts great among to a wondering glance attention and she rose to her feet, for up copy-rigand her was charitahje, She dav " . strange light in the west. times each week to the long garden path came a strange figure, " three dinners ':rora the lurid ligh ning's- play, free tossing d.smissed.from and she was alone, She waited expectantjust persons m the needy twelve : .;; wbd, ly, and her heart almost stood still as he arsts forth the flag that wraps the inclination of her character. stood lefore Eer, silentand as though:Ar-- ', hundred men had signed fheir . TTnw , ' . oft-prese- nt r m 7, She exhibited manv of the nroof; . of tli y iuflueuce of her suiroundings in her poems; mg nearts grew rong. nna no.ie was mini: led m the cry, How lone 0 we can. bee in ner poems me miiuence the sea, the fine old churches and monas ix)ru, now Jong ? tic ruins had upon her. Jean Ingelow was The seething m llions turn and stir and struggle not spoiled by the fame her works brought toward the light; I he 'ree nan streams, and mnrrm a; tirdms wucrc her: she once said " I do not care about fame, or rather, scarcely believe in such n erst was hop'ess night. j. lhing,; but it is a great pleasure," and "a "very The ,rim Atlantic thunders still adown its rocky true one; to give pleasure to so many ik'o- ; snores, i. pie for the time being." And - It No 1897. ' CONTENTS: A I SALT LAKK CITY, UTAH, SEPTEMBER -- 1 U - 4A 1 boTrrnn-Bostonr-- Lm ' ' i - . 1 rO-Q- U trc n jt, , v ' . - -' ' - . i . - i Uionofthpoemsuredrrmo . . ht - ' - ' star-gemm- ed hPes ofamkindl " : ' SaiiUbld gate-latchTecall- ed 