Sister Shuusuii spoke of her and of the goodness Df God. Sis, ttr Annie Bowman sang a hymn in German. Sister Harriet Whipple, aged 73 sang in English. . President Mary B. hyring recited a and gave .the translation poem in German Sisters Stoell, Hawkins, in English., Thompson, Holt and others spoke of their experiences and their joy in the latter-dawork. Sister Hawkius led in prayer, then all arose and administered to Sister Fife who had long been afflicted with rheuma. tism. Sister Susan Martineau spoke of her with age ex-perieu- as tli'ev ntc ce . aruri-irom- . r.Tw Ihcv ITrfCXCv?.; piny ... Missouri plet-orgar- smri fr cmi cm. .,.. j uni s 4 "it the persecutions from which they fled , ( in Missouri were heajxxl upon them here am iiter having their t nv n killed and others wounded by.pleading an infuriated mob, while they were under the protection of the their houses burned and fields governor; destroyed and every indignity heaped upon them, they at length made an agreement with the representatives of the people-oIlhnois to leave the state in the spring. ' and stated she that .saw the The experience agreement was reached on the first of October and during the burning of the Nauvoo Temple, President Phoebe Fife told of many of mouths between October and intervening March the She was baptized by Saints were her experiences. busy making. .arrangements for Huntington and led out of the" their enforced departure. Their prophet water by the Prophet Joseph Smith, and and partriareh ' were dead; but, thev were had often gtme to the Relief Society meetdirected by ihe council of the Twelve. ings in Nauvoo with her mother, and heard Brigham Vomit being president of that r the Prophet' teachings to the sisters. Siscouncil. ter Fife is the president of our Relief SociTo know what kind of people they were, is and in beloved all Juarez greatly by ety yjiether industrious "the SaintsThere. "Her "counsels are" full" but look at the made, country they have ' ' of wisdom, she is a friend to the poor and our beautiful state of Utah. those who are in need of encouragement. livery where in and around Nauvoo vwas She was a pioneer iu , Utah and she has bustle and excitement to prepare for the been a pioneer in Mexico; her whole life The people enearly spring exodus. has been devoted to the interests of the deavored to dispose of their property, work of God. She is cared for in her old in some instances this was accomplished, in age by her son Brother Brown, who spares oth ers they were enabled to lease, but in neither pains nor means to make her happy the majority of. cases they had to abandon and comfortable. their homes and farms which had cost them At the close of the meeting the old folks so much toil and labor, and which they lov" The spirit of God like a fire is burn- ed so well. sang ing." Benediction was offered. As early as February 4U1 eighteen huiP s: T. B. dred and forty-six- , the first partv. left the city and encamped about nine miles west ward 611 the Sugar creek. They had been PIONEERS OF UTAH. ferried across tue Mississippi until that river was frozen over, when they crossed KEAD HE FORK THE U. W C Jl'l.Y, rS'OJ. u pon-thts with their wngng, tpng-- a even In giving a short sketch of the ice. The night of the 5th of February Pioneers of- Utah it will be necessary to first in the bitter cold, and in the tents which know what kind of people they were, had been hastily pitched, the snow "being where they came from, what , were their swept away from below them, nine wives characteristics, and the cause and motives became mothers.'. By the middle of Februwhich'led them to leave what was then ary when Brigham Voting joined them a iiuiiiicia ui a gicui uauuu, me uouiiua- - thousand souls with their wagons, teams aes of civilization to seek to find homes, peace and effects had crossed to the Iowa shore. Jnd prosperity in an alien country, barren, Here a council was held, the company ? iorDiaain? in asnect lnhahitpri hv mmp nt somewhat organized and Brigham Voung the lowest of the uncivilized tribes of and some of the leading men 'who accomAmerica; to be anxious and enthusiastic to panied him returned to Nauvoo, held serstart upon their journey into a region they vices in the .almost completed Temple and tnew not of, reaving their beautiful homes then again joined the company on the and smiling farms behind them. 1, Sugar creek, which on Sunday March the first day of spring, began their westno parallel in the world's history to this ward march, traveling five miles that day The exodus and encamping still on the Sugar creek. emigration from Nauvoo. from It was not customary lor tne lauer-uaEgypt was. from a heathen land, a land of idolaters, to a fertile Sunday as they honored region designat- Saints to travel-oed by theXordfor hischooen people, the land the Sabbath day and tried to keep, it holy, 01 Canaan. The pilgrim fathers in fleeing but as Brigham Voung had given his word to America'came from a bigoted and des- that they would leave the first day of the so close to potic people, a people making few pretenspring, and as the camp was the people were going sions to civil and religious; liberty. It was Nauvoo many of y -- . ; . : .. nd-e-&- ? 1 ..... 1 y n from thesesame-peopl- e who-had-fled-fr- om- we old world persecutions that they might njoy liberty of conscience in the wilds of America, from their descendants and associates that other of their descendants ..who claimed the to differ from them m . pmions right it was deemed suspicuous of their sincerity, Sabbath. William expedient to start on the of the company, Clayton was made clerk and Willard Richards an easy and versatile traveled writer, historian;. The company auu slowly over" the unamaung tuuw and practice were now fleeing. someplains ol 10 wa, the Mormons had been driven ice covered to seven miles a Jo the outskirts of civilization where they times making but three th of March they built themselves a city; this they day, until on the 27 were forced to enand must now abandon and throw themselves reached Shoal creek weeks on account of upon the mercy of camp there for three ' savages. There a more comfreshets. Atter the or Latter-daspring '.the Saints, Before this ; . - y rI.Mhe tnu- ifc vSs' divide;1 - into tens, fifties and hun dreds over each of which was placed a captain and the whole was divided into two divisions, Heber Kimball, president of one, and Brigham Voung of the other; the latter Laws were being also director of all. 'made then for the governing of' the camp laws that were very strict in regard to morality, honesty ' and general good con' duct. As they traveled along settlements were made, and traveling stakes of Zion organized. In these settlements small houses of logs, turf and vmud were made, land was fenced in and ciops were sown for the benefit of the people .who might stay in the settlements, and for. the good of those who followed after them. One settlement on the Grand river one hundred and fiftyrfive" miles from .Nauvoo was called Gardeti miles beGrove, add another twenjy-seveyond, Mount Pisgah. There were now about one thousand . .wagons with their- - precious freight of lives rolling over the plains. About the middle of June they reached the Missouri river, and by the generosity and. .friendliness of the Omaha and Pottawatomie Indians were allowed to settle on their lands. It was, here that the call for the Mormon Battalion reached them. The United States was waging war against .Mexico trying to wrest from her, her provinces of California and New Mexico; and to march across the continent and assist them in this was to be the mission of the Battalion. Th people were filled with dismay.; Five hun" men from their little com dred pany out in the midst of the , wilds of America! What had their country done for them ? They had been driven from . , u " -- human -- . . -- able-bodie- d e - - I when they had applied for iustice it had been refused them; did they owe any allegiance to her ? And yet they loved their country, ... it ;was their .country that, was calling; that country to which their pilgrim ancestors had fled from the persecutions of the old world, that land wherein they yet hoped to huild their city of Zion, their These contradicting emotions Holy City. What was to be passed through them. done? The question was soon answered for them. Their leaders decided that the call should be answered, the men should be men furnished. Not enough were on the banks of the Missouri to respond to the call so Brigham Young, Heber C. Kimball and Willard Richards, in the role of recruiting sergeants went back to Mount Pisgah to enlist men there. In three days the muster was complete, the company organized and leady to march. Instructions were given them, a flag brought out 'and nailed to the top of a r tree mast, a farewell party given In Father Taylor's bowery, (father of President John Tavlor) and the Mormon Battalion bid their families and friends a long, in some A few women, cases an eternal farewell. accompanied their husbands and these with the servants brought the number up to, five hundred and fifty-ninSending so uien on maae 11 .many ot.tneir impossible for the company to go any fur-- . ther that year; even before the call of the Battalion many women had been forced to ' do work which should have been done by men, and now they were too enfeebled to undertake theibng and hazardous, journey, able-bodie- e. aDie-Doai- ea d 