jiM-- ) icoi;ie u nappy, . 11 terOn .rrayeu i:ora lin- - bless us this afternoon. , jA Well spent,'--editor of. 'jiso I'nikiucijJna, the Si ;iieVrtTTty-ort'iilA sister in the congregation bore;; a , followed by James. L: Th'nt looking back can, see no rent. V who spoke on Froebel and his J strcnj testimony! Sister Sebeck felt thank-;.fu- l 'put nof'lc eflort.wr.t ojvcv'ry pag;" ' ' forthe good counsel ami teachings of Piof. Hughes emphasized the fac 'Trill v it N a noble heritage, i Sister Home. lUr l.;e endd deveiopes as di J the' race Spoke on forgiveness. Tint luvely.Rcntle grace whirh time has lent. by Sister Brixen felt she must speak of-He said that was often ;LaKe'?? , Reye.ilin'i; the" softes. beauty oJ each lineament. d God's such a worthy sae, goodness to her and testified (loci by parents and educators and mnrh I U titling that to heard and answered prayers. Said how injury was done the child;, he also dwelt Tlie vaing Siou Id come for wisdom. blessed on in we were ine careful training of the instincts of the ' having the Priesthood,-- ; Those of riper years for love and sympathy, we felt this more there was sickness; when chi.d, leading and guiding but not The burdened and oppressed for consolation, forcing iiui. m his mental for sweet charity, He dwelt in Sister Mary Hanson told her experience growth. jlC poor, and needy the Church and bore her testimony.. ! especially on the instinct of activity and Oh, whit a glorious consum i atiou Sister Morris felt the testimony of truth the care with' which this should be .r When the twilight cometh on." guided an(l m the right direction. burning within her heart, felt sorry .RUTH M. FoF. ; ' when she heard the young people make was" devoted to re- Ihnrsday ..morning U Maria W.Icox'Sister lor Written birthday, lorts from Committees light of anything sacred and felt sorry to and the ' election of see. so few here today June 17 lSy"oihcvrs, the. old ollieeis being Dr.. Krohn, of the Child Study Ifimthty, an address in' the aitcrmjon- on the Lord heard and answered prayers, spoke of I X T LUX A T 1 0 X A I r K I N I ) K R G A R T I; N gave ' her, whet was not "in. the Ch irch, results of UNION, .; study.: Several . other - ana daughter now sue. pray ea to tiie a,)ru over it. papers were given along this line of work; She heard a voice say to her, "'Your de- Mrs, Hughes of Toronto" Tin-- .'International Kindergarten LViion closing with a and it --was, her. shall be .granted,-wrin:ir1 tolakelSal ;.mH In .Str:;Itiis,7jprii;2i ;.;22..a much of tin's work into the Kindergarten '"daughter "joined the Church afterwards. V , ".'lljerewere about 300 visiting and 300 resiSister Wright said she tried to always dent teachers present making in alKan entlm-isasti- c as it kills the spirit. ' her work so nothing would interThree session a day St. Louis the mother of the public school arrange gathering. fere with these Saturday meetings, .made were held, this including a. reception given Kindergartens in America has .'good cause some excellent remarks . vi.it-for to Louis St. her pride in her OS public school Kindergartners Sister Iv. J. Stevenson-saievery time she teachers. and her - .. " I "'a-;- . - j over-ooAe- I ; j . : .re-electe- d, ' i : . i - : -sire -- ' .by-th- e j irjg . The regular session did nut take place until Tuesday, but those fortunate enough to be in St. Louis on Monday had the pleasure of hearing the Baroness Bulow. read a paper 011 Froebel 's principles. This was of much value, as the Baioness' aunt was often quoted. The first day of the session of the I." K. l opened Tiusday afternoon and was set 'apart for the discussion of the Relation of Mrs. J. the Kindergarten to the Home. N. Grouse of the Chicago. Kindergarten College was the first speaker: her talk was The necessity practical and to the point. of intelligent of Kindergarten and home was, urged." Miss Putnam of Chicago was to have had a paper on ' Freedom and Law .in the Home," but was absent, also Miss Fittsof Brooklyn who was to read a paper on "Freedom. and Law in the Kindergarten." ; Prof. Louis Soldon, superintendent ofj liie SC Louis piibliccBools77leliverecrThe address of welcome Tuesday evening,' Miss . ' . -- tucy Wheelock President of the I. K. U . responding. This was followed by a paper the "Relation of the Kindergarten to Higher Education;'! Col. Parker closing the exercises with one of his enthusiastic talks on "'The Ideal School' He said when a girl or boy is through school we teamed, not wo-ma- are you. 7 " 7 n ' business , e 4. .1 Trury" tt" -- A. C. , ,.' SEMI-MONTHL- up her public MEETING: Y y. 1 .1 . . 1 1 : -- '. " wieila-giv- e made her a ' tfpr wnmati i' beinrangedfromtn j- ; A . ' ; f$ -- j his ma!iay4ieiidtviuit duties for they .It .4. - I . No one can take a, bless- Philadelphia. the time awayTrpmius which we earn, therefore -be comforted,. for. God is just. May to " .The afternoon was devoted , to a Froebel r Said we should be kmd to one another and ;birthday celebration. had v poka on chanty. "We should .always be A reception . , - i t hfn i tni!irf anv one ro to that rangea by the resident Kinaergar- - uumutt.auu in-fend shaking, :'mrch1eladraes; nprnrr nd- - make it lighter if any one : by doing this we flowed with a paper by the "Baroness jures us, to do the same; hands of the Lord; low on the life of Froebel, after which place ourselves in the It is haralsow'e are doing our duty. aJ?.Gh'mentswereserVed. . unkind things which he ..drawing with the boring unpleasant and -t- eachers met was fUnAA ' ; . meeting in which various committreported, also delegates were heard from. There were representatives present u J " ees tnanv other ' states. i . - Wednesday morning was devoted to a rk, Utah and " ! Semi-Monthl- how much have you a mail or a but how much of""""" ": . of the Ladies' Minutes r .Meeting held in the 14th Ward Hall, Saturday May 27, 1897,'- President M. I, Horne; presiding. Singing " Once more Ave come before our God;" prayer by Sis-- , ' Welcome ter Agnes M.. Jones, singiug' ' minutes of best of all good ; meetings; previous meeting read and accepted. President Home felt glad to be with us today, - and wai sure those who stayed away were the losers., Heard a married ask " ' LADIES1 - should n j ' co-operati- on attended these meetings she had and she felt thankful for them. Said some of her .friends tried to persuade her to go Saturday-afternooto the "Grand" to the matinee, but she told them of vthe.se meetings and how much more she enjoyed them than the Theatre. I' aborted the sisters to le awake to their duties, said it was the little trials that were the hardest to bear, for larger ones we could round up our 'shoulders and bear them. " Ft Is the little ?s that spoil the vines." bister Clara L. Cannon ielt she was in-- . deed a blessed woman in .hav in1- a testrof the Gospel. Spoke of a manifest-- . mony . ; t t. a very auousae aau onee- wiiue in irouuie, room and came into her it was ' bright light this that gave her courage' and strength. Sister Mary E. Kimball said she had had a testimony for fifty years and knew her Redeemer lived. Felt today'' was the time for us to be diligent and zealous, said she loved everything that was good and pure and desired to always .do. her duty. Referred to some sayings of Brother Heber ,C. Kimball's. Sister E. B. Wells Telt there was a - great ileal of m issionary work- for the vo-r- - -men and that the Women were spreading' "the Gospel. F"elt the Lord was perfectly competent, and willi"'.r to help us with all our, trials, made some beautitul remarks. Sooke of the Iixi'ONKN'r and its mission, also of theWomaii's Store, said that was hot sustained as it should be, and made other, excellent remarks. ' Iresideiit Home saidshe was very much interested in the remarks of Sister Wells and felt to entlorse everything she said in regaru to me uxponknt. sue would very much dislike to see the paper die and urged the sisters to do what they could to sustain it, also spoke of the Woman's Store and said that it should be sustained as well. President Home felt that this had been a great care on her; felt these were temporal things but the temporal things had to be mixed up with the spiritual. V Singing, Doxology.. . Benediction offered V by Sister Julia C. Howe. Zina H. Bull, Sec'y. I , " .Kindergartens 3.00 teachers. With such, a leader and trainer at the head as Miss Mary. McCulIough what else could one expect ? - Her earnestness and inleiest in the work must influence all who came in contact with her. . The majority of Kindergartens have two srsMuns a day. with an. enrollment in each J session, ranging in different Kindergartens, from one hundred to one hundred" and fifty. Kach ciuld pays fifty cents a term for .ten weeks for material, and this reduces the expenses and, necessitates only an expen- ditnre of room and salary. The nbm ranee from twenty-fivdollars to seventv dollars, experienced teachers receiving the latter. The practical work is good and shows the result of experienced teachers. The only 'objection to ' these Kindergartens is that children are .not permitted to enter early enough, the age being limited to six years, but a movement is on foot to enter them earlier. . . . " " 