In 1373, at the age of 20 vears, she mar- Tied; a Hveal thy . t tri porter a nd d unnthfog WUJUIi Iownrg" 12 years, in conipany with her hus- of ', poleou ttV who was a friend of the III.,. .band, visited England, Germany, Spain, yt legally IIiade hcr Klmrdian t Italy, Switzerland and other countries,' bettus time her ile:bab'WU; 0.LV a ; "i-nii- C i- -. in: lier finders tghlly, uic-reig- n lf Clu ing eyes so li&ii'ly. Love's ligHt burning brightly, grandmother, a noble ornan, and herself a woman of ubil-- i , seeing m the child. a gr-- at great love for Jtiuly, placed her in the institute of Mrs Bandeau, one of the best alleges in Paris,' she remained until i7 years. of age, when she passed, her examination brilliant, iy belore a commission of academy iustect-ors- , etc., and received her diploma. She evinced remarkable proficiency in writing special Latin exercises, and wrote in her mother tongue an account of the assassina. Hon of Thomas A. Herket A t vuui.ii4Ui; i)l . v,auiL-iuaryme essay was read in the Sorbor.ne of Paris by Mr. du Cellier, the rector at that time, and she was .saluted witn enthusiasm and retire! with muck nc nor. coming familiar with all the places visited. In 1SS5 her husband was" taken very ill and for two years lingered, suffering intense On y a inipied dirling; . But oh, the pleasure it brings; agony with that dread disease, a cancer. His faithful wife assumed the entire care of .Danci g, skipping and singin, the one she loved and while he lived minis-- y Merry laughter ri gi 'g, tered with the devotion of an angel to the p u p ar s upward Hinging, wants of one who was destined never to reAs in her ap it springs. cover. But death itself must have lost its 0 ly a l ively ma r'en, terrors when a tender, loving wife was ! a treasure boy, perchance 0' there to smooth the way as the tired spirit 5nares for feet unh eding, In "March winged its way heavenward. ija'ning not to pleading. 1887, her husband died, leaving her entirely Downward p3th is leading, , alone in as all her relatives had ' and truth from joy.' Away passed away. The death of her husband came to her as an overwhelming blow. In On!y a wayward da 'ghter, France the women are, not protected as. Or ynyhap an erring son; they are in America, therefore when she The g t of evilriippingr :When the war of rS;o broke out, when had buried her husband new 'troubles con.1 Youthful feet are tropin?, tothe-ceme- fronted her. . When .everyone in France. women- - mA mm " T By ihe wayside clipping, young;aud old entered upon the" field of tery to bury her beloved one she was a rich ; Ahs lor evil done action,. Mile. Halbout de Horn, imbued woman; upon her return to her home she was life one with the spirit of the hour and mre wasted, Only poor, for. the officers waited to place their seal her people at heart, immediately entered upon her possessions, and during the next Steered in U lly and crime; To greater depths descending, upon the arduous undertaking of providing six years she was involved in a lawsuit, food and clothing for the destitute. Under meanwhile being obliged to earn her- own Sin aud mis'ry blending, 'her personal direction a bureau of "benevolivelihood, and compelled, to take up the Regret never ending, burden of life. In April 1888 she came to lence was opened in the Fourteenth ; Throughout all future time. in Paris, and under her personal America, highly recommended by the O dy a mother, supervision 'women were employed making' French and Belgium consuls as a lady of G ievingtill day of her dfrfth; clothes for the poor. Assiduously aud remarkable accomplishments, both as a Her heart often sighing, systematically this work, was carried on writer and conversationalist. It was then To God ever"( rung, that her education pro red to be of great with a most remarkable zeal. Never hesiTo save her cnild t ymg, tating, undauntedly she- worked, devoting assistance. Her linguistic ability procured E'en to her last breath. all her energies .to the work that had so for her an appointment as professor of the a Only father, thoroughly enlisted 'her interest Hers was French language in the will known school Boa ed down with a weight of woe; a' strong purpose to benefit her fellow of languages, Fisher.in Philadelphia, Penn.; The brig' t wor d made so creatures; the result was 2,000 families in Gerard College and also the New CenBy one he loved dear y, were clothed .and cared for, and today the tury Guild, a college for workirrg women. Who sho'dd have known c early, ttliesmetimethe"goveTumenrof-Frarepresentatives of those iamihes love and took ove and honor to show. advantage ofher departure for this bless her name. The spirit cf benevolence Or.lv a piece of marb manifested at this time is deserving off country to charge her with a mission in the interest of the Red Cross Society, of which Marking the spot where they lay; special .commendation when we consider Two lives broken fh'arted, that at the moment when charity was she was an active member, and when she needed a fearful war was raging, the dark came wearing: the badge of the Red Cross. Earth's ha- piness thwarted, and appalling clouds of war hung over her the emblem before which all nations bow, From recreant one parted, head and o'ershadowed the prosperity of every door was open for her and a royal Perhaps forever and aye. Visiting the arsenal her country-- it was 'mid the strife of battle, welcome waited - her Ruth M Fox. with bombs falling, around her house that in Philadelphia,- she was most graciously this' brave nirl gladdened the hearts of received by the director and accompanied by the consul of France she inspected the A many and faithfully performed her duty. DISTINGUISHED FRENCH WOAn instance ot her adrnirable courage tent hospital system, in view of recomMAN. the same to the government of and bravery of a True patriot is shown a t mending She also held correspondence France. the time of the civil war which' broke out Mrs. Cleopuas is a native of France, When nearly every one went with the war department at Washington, afterward. fbe daughter of Michel an Halbout, n Her this noble girl remained in D. C. , relative to that subject. to the suburbs, a from, came and her mother sculptor, fulfilled she took her chair in the colown home with her family, surrounded her family of conname her Belgium nobility; Her success in all her unwho knew no law leges named. py bloodthirsty fiends, sequently was Eugenie HalboutTde Horn. assured from the start. A no government. Amid the dertakings was' The family de Horn is one of the oldest and and recognized cultivated womannoted for her Mile. Halbout de Horn was beautiful, most renowned in the history of Belgium fearful carnage and intellectual benevolent qualities, social, threatenthe anarchists, and travelers a by held prisoner passing through Brussels ed weeks of captivity she soon became very prominent, and besix hour never fail to notice during every the statue of Count ''de and many times threat-- " loved by all who knew her. horrors untold with Horn, which Continued.) occupies a place in the Hotel ened to be shot. When questioned as to ae Ville. She is a lineal descendant of this her reason for staying when all others had tor Ms her reply was: "I did not want the fled, Nantucket's historic windmiD has bethe of much inherits and country, " home. invade my to anarchists' come the property of the Nantucket Hisbravery, generosity and patriotism of him the and ended regular torical Association, which will preserve the she After the war strongly resembles. her ancient landmark. ; paving been taken quite young into the covernment was again established, of decoration for the; was attnly of her proposed name grandparents de Horn, and tVif ".Prentis Haxl " is the name given to TTntifir. Kreai uuuux mis T.pcnon she with those mature of associating age, to accept, gtvmg as ha,t reason the new building at Forest Park, Chautaurefused a seriousness she usual the beyond qua. Assembly, presen ted to thelwpmen of that she had only done her duty.as.afOT of the youthful mind. The name was then, written m the Kansas by the citizens of Ottawa. When only five Her father patriot. her of named in honor of Mrs. years age of the Women of France, in building' was Book Golden leavin& own her in a fortune nWthat terrible year, and, to. Noble h. Prentis. of Kansas City, Mo., whereupon her godfather, the Count remembrance of formerly of Kansas. reward is sufficient. - after her henheart of hearts that AmnerkerkeBrebissoti-lookeVi ile all is peace and rest. - -- . ' .. the-world- -- 1 . she-Aven- t ! the-welfar- e-of - arron-disseme- sad-eye- nt d t ' - gray-haire- d . n l . - . ; - em-we- ' nt mis-sio- ' . -- ' , r ,'; to d 