WOMAN'S KXPQNKNT, Spring .a 'company .would the mountains etc. March jS, at the public (j., Sunday, cainj,on tin: JIonnxvtT. -- the ..pining .r.vt ' t AVuii&"2 J jhvci'was Uedled upon m' xiiscoiYrseS 13; J 'ffomlvchbv.i&vsrLrjzzii all takcri pioneer Cueh by some, rmsuie.ss .matter. At evening Brother llck-Joan laylor arrived, tlKy held ' a Council .Trail .ami Kxra T. Benson and the people and determined to start, Wednesdav, tnat m a very Jew days the com-- I and on that day all was Jmstle aud April ;m v would be moving on. the Meters made cakes and wrote During the , the Apostles, Bishop letters and sent to the tiiii'n." ' boys who were 'alWhitney and some leading men were in ready in camp. Ivllen Saunders) ' Kimball council day and night,, and on Sunday, started oil. with Brother Kimball and. Clara C. Kimball Heber Decker.. Young with Brigham ' preached piil 4l". Young, an excellent discourse on union as being Brother Wm. Clayton "weyr with only a power, and that without it the people could few hour notice. Bishop Wlr'ney accomnot obtuin blessings, nor the.spirit of God, panied them again "as far as ;th Jorn river. iii.r faith,hr,. accomplish the purposes of .Brother Jes-- e C. Little arrived the same ' ' : .God. '.. evening and a party was given in the as same recorded in the the Council House in honor "of his arrival; he day, .On ' journal of the writer, Bishop Whitney brought with him presents from Col. -- Kane b!cscd his two sons, Horace and Orson, lor uiue who had been, so kind to the Coli o go as mtnr d -- during his 'sickness -nvhrT4iat i i een ea i te .amon-j - them.. Horace both were Brother men, Little and Porter Rockwell went on twenty-young Tliey seventeen Orson the and to the only time January camp to join Brigham Young and the The- following day, 'Monday, pioneers. before. This really was the final start Aptil .Sth, it rained and yet at our house and the bretluen who returned, came back with rather sad countenances. we. were especially busy making every preparation for the departure of the young men, jacking the wagon in which they were to go "over the mountains" as we termed it, GK X R A I . CO X VVAUi X Civ, RKLIKK , SOCIKTY. cooking .food for the first, few -- days, etc. " Mother Whitney " though full of faith and desirous her sons should go, yet felt most Tiie Relief Society Conference was held keenly the great risk, and her prayers were in the Assembly Hall, April 3rd,' 1897, ruiistantly if silently offered for their procommencing at 2 p. m.. Mrs. Zina I). H. tection. Young presiding. Opened by singing Conference April 6, (Tuesday) the i;tli "How firm a foundation "etc., Prof. C. J. Thomas leader and Sencer Clawson Jun. year of the Church .there, was a large attendance at the stand. Brigham Young preachorganist. Prayer Was' offered by President ed a wonderlul sermon. Word was given Thomas B. Ricks of Bannock Stake, Waho. cut that the pioneers would start the next Singing " Now let us rejoice" etc. Roll morning, all things were prepared, Brother call by the Secretary, fifteen presidents of "JJrigham said he wanted to get away where Stakes present, a few were represented by he could rest hrs mind; he looked very pale Counselors, inaking nineteen in all. and worn. Some of tiie teams pulled out P resident Young welcomed the sisters in that day. Thursday, April S, our teams, her own motherly fashion and spoke parwere sent down-intthe country to buy ticularly to those who had come from a discorn, and Brother Kdwin I). Woolley starttance to attend Conference.' She said in ed for St. Louis. Father Lott,- as we called her remarks' we should keep ourselves free hi in came' to our house and blessed Horace, from guile and refrain from speaking and Orson previous to their departure, and against each other, and should walk in the as lie gave them similar blessings to their straight and narrow way and 'not be turned father; it increased their faith and was a aside by any inihieilces that were misleadcornfurt to pother "Whitney and to Helen, ing; reminded the sisters of the Prophet's KimHeber (Horace's young wife.) wonlsJhat the sisters little knew tiie ball and the. Whitney boys and . others left; work that they were laying a foundaout with them tion for thought, werealized it now more Bishop Whitney went to tlu camp but they came back that fully than ever; said in closing, .night on horseback, leaving the "wagons. heaven bless us and sustain us, and may The same day Parley P. Pratt came home we have the Holy Spirit while we are here : ' a horseback; he had separated fro isr the together that we may have a time' of re- C. Kimball, Brigham Young,. Orson r .ki:----- con-fusio- n; oUo-wing- from.'-he- r, she knew then and hail known, ever Irrv.e that the Gospel was' true. Referred to tiie. good euect ol a tew kind, words, thought we 'should not talk much 'of hard times, and alluded to the circumstances under which the Nauvoo Temple was built, and said her husband worked on it; the jHiople did not complain then even when there was not bread for them, Sister Richards spoke of her relatives in the Kast and the kind feelings they manifested towards Jier, and how she felt towards them." Sister Ann C. Woodbury, of St. George, rejoiced in meeting'- with the sisters; she had'visited a part-othe Stake' since she" was here in the fall, "and she took pains wherever she went to urge the setting out of mulberry trees, many sisters were will- ing to take hold of the work and hundreds v of children of the Latter-daSaints could be employed in this industry; recommended one child with, a grown jerson, said it had been her feeling ever since she came to the country that silk culture coukl le made a success; believed the Lord would bless us in this work; thought we should teach our children to be industrious and to grow up in faith, to pray and to le prepared to stand in the front in all good undertakings. Sister Zina urged the sisters to take the mulberry twigs and plant them in by the ditches, and they would soon grow and the leaves could easily be gathered without having to climb trees, and added " when you dojhis, think of President Brigham Young and Ins.. counsel in regard to silk." Sister Lydia Rich reported Morgan Stake in good condition in all respects and bore a strong testimony Ji-t- he truth, and spoke very forcibly of the missionaries abroad in the earth, and the remarkable work, being accomplished. 'Sister Annie V. Larson, of Kmery Strike, reported the work of the .Society in that Stake. 14 Children," she said, " are taught to fear. the Loid and to obey the commandments, to be honest and to be respectful in We sisters have consulted . together in regard to silk raising; we don't believe we will always be able to get our ribbons from Babylon." Sister Larsen also bore a strong testimony to the truth of the Gospel. President Thomas Ricks,.,of Bannock, Stake, said he felt very much out of place being here to report, but as he had a written report given him of the Relief Society of that Stake, lie would, read that, which he proceeded to do and he then told the . sisters how "disappointed the sisters Were up " there because Sister Young and Sister company and hurried on. joicili and go away feeling refreshed Brother Pratt brought news of Captain " Minutes of October Conference were; Richards did not visit them when they Ean Jones who had formerly been in were in Idaho-lasyear, (they were afraid read by, the Secretary and approved. .SisXauvo reCaptain of the Iowa, but had ter B. W. Smith spoke of the good number of the high water.) He thought, 'the Lord turned to Wales and had wonderful success was pushing His work. " There are twice and 'was glad to see the sisters, represent in Brother joiced in the ITelief Society; referred to the as many Elders in the field now as there converting the0 Welsh people. left again that day and went minutes that had been read said we have are people in this audience, and Ihey are .... Brigham in heart," the work is away singing, talked about a house of on; own, to meet in, seeking out the honest " it was not the right time just onward. " but " I love the thought hill."way to Zion's President C O. Card, of Alberta Stake, now, and we have no land, and so we must of comes. Spoke spoke of the representative women of the Bishop Whitney Went out too, the same wait till the right time she" w much Church of Jesus Christ that were present, The following- day, Sunday, April the work for the dead and ho and said they belong to the Relief Society in the Temple. uParley P. 'Pratt preached at the. stand. enjoyed being engaged Sister Jane S. Richards felt we had great and the Y.. L. M. I. A.' and theyr enjoy the Monday,- April 12, opened school in a that we had health , gifts of the Gospel. " We have these log room to Bishop Whitney, reason to be thankful belonging in our Stake and we have a goodly and a desire to come to' meetacross the way from our house, had eleven and strength that does not feel filled land in our northern clime, we can raise scholars fhe first-d- ay but soon after hacf ing; who in this wool and flax, but it is not adapted to to ma"y more, (had a .Sunday school in withioy and energy to do and help heard the Gospel everything." President Card spoke of havr great work; said she twenty-fiv- e the it.) Among or thirty old, she ing Superintended the building,of the Logan boys taught in that log house., when seventeen years and the numbness Temple and how liberal the sisters had been were some who to by the Elders 'have since filled very' im- '. - f ' - y 1- - . ' . . - . their-behavior- . C' - - . t , - : : - ; .'y. - - - ns - is-ther- con-;nectl?"i- e th' - was-admm-ist- ered . 