WOMAN'S KXPONKNT. .1 fr o m n cr r a vx : tuii$v hr&ley ..ilvast,;1uhntHK.l,i;(u. tcicsul worl- d- .As the stars of tin? ' I ;., 'in eternity's world, where they . tet rt stri il .send tliem the Comforter, ' ' ' the terrestrial, too, glory sublime; '.Whichbeheldthethemostcelestial, excellent kingdom that is Where God. e'en the Father, iruharmonv Almighty, supreme, and eternal, in bliss. reign' Where the church uf the first born in union . ' least, The revvard is exactly as prumis'd in this. These are they that came out for Apollos ; Fi.r Cephas and Jesus, in all kinds of hope ; For Fhoch and Moses, and I'eter, and John ; For Luther and Cajvin, and even the Pope. . For they never received the gospel of Christ, Xor the prophetic spirit that came from the : ,' or the covenant neither, which Jacob once had ; rhvv went their own way, and they have their ' ." .... . .... ; .. T,l." .v. ,. - ed . On the 23rd of December 1896. The anniversary of the birthday of our beloved '.Prophet Joseph Smith;" was celebrated' by thc Saintsof the Fourth ward of Spanish Fork. Meeting convened in the new. Society hall at 2 p. in., under Tlie inspires-othe Fourth ward Relief Society, Pres't. Mary Baxter. presiding.' An excellent program was rendered ; the music by the choir under the leadership of Morgan II., Thomas was exquisite 'and the themes chosen appropriate and beautiful Prayer and opening addrefs by Bishop A. IS. Xelsoil ; Brother Charles' Monk gave a inost interesting" account of the birth, life and labors and .noble .man, and related of many interesting. vand thrilling episodes of his life and character, and held" the audience Kxponknt.) " Nancy Acord. by the vivid delineations of the power and glory of thisigreat and last disMRS. STOWK'S. MONUMENT. pensation, and of the love and condescen."Son- Jesus sion of our Father and The children of Harriet Beecher Stowe Counselor August Swensou and others do. not look kindly upon the proposition to made appropriate remarks interspersed with erect a public statue of their mother. Her recitamusic by the choir and essays and son, Rev. Charles I. Stowe, says it belongs A. of the tions by the young ladies M.L to him 'and his sisters to erect and-all "Benediction by Robert Holiiiesr may .be placed over his mother's a had had went, home feelingthat. they There are better ways of using grave. deed. feast ia very money, he thinks, than in erecting statues, y Pres't. " If anything is Mary Baxter, done,'. .why could not S. Christknsen Sec'y. Mary money be raised to found a. Harriet, Beecher 1897. Stowe scholarship at Hampton, Fisk or vSpanisl Fork, Jan. iS, .memorial Tuskeeee?" he asks. " Such-'in be would, I know,, quite keeping with Rev.. Olympia Brown, president of the my mother's.taste, and far more useful to Wisconsin W. S. A., has a son and daughman and honoring to God than some brazen most the brilliant of two are" who ter monstrosity scowling the unfortunate beWisconsin. in" holder out of countenance from its ugly young people ze On motion of Mrs. Belva A. Lock wood, granite" pedestalF" The ordinary-bronMrs' Alice A. Minnick, of Beatrice, Neb., statue ought to be regarded as a terrible 7 was admitted to the bar of the Supreme penalty; to be inflicted only on great Woman' s Journals. Court of the TJnited States on Jan. 18, 1S96.. offenders.2-' d;-.- y f 1 ! -' 71. reafd. ... . . the stars are all different in lustre and L(,ri1 . T. anxivf:rsarv party. .So.tiie region, is miTTgied in bfes ; . From the least unto greatest, and greatest to N . ... and Paul .. - Hi). ' ' ,The glory celestial is one like the sun ; .The glory terrestrial is one like the moon ; The jdory telestial is one. like the stars, And al harmonize like the parts of a tune. . I Kx-l'ONr.N- living equal in power, dominion and might, Willi a fulness of glory and grace, round his 7 -.. Old--fashion- volumes of Times and Seasons that contain the ..poem complete, we should .he glad if they would send a written copy to the It was published Feb. 1, 1843 in Vol. 4, No, 6; " they're knuunT - ..' As Hut the great ihings of God which he sliow'd Joskmi Smith. NauvorvFeb, IS13. We' desire to call' the attention' of om readers to the 'fragment of a potin written in Xauvoo by Joseph Smith- the Prophet.. If any of .our sisters have kept the old ' reside, , Is leaving on earth, and a budding in space : "w 1 11 go, I will go, with you, .brother, farewell. is, And they see as they're seen, and they know as .. will go, I nil go, while the secret of life, Is blo)tning in heaven, and blasting in hell ;' in I - 7S.. .. throne. .!- ning order." the sisters are not only meeting goers but workers, always ready to respond to cyery call, made by our Pres't. Fast year we called committees tc; visit the home of each member for the purpose of gathering wool, "or means with which to purchase it ; we gathered considerable, and the sisters washed and cleansed it, and the sisters carded it, and the sisters gathered .and we had the wheels'and reels and had an spinning bee in our ward meeting house, and got the spinning done. The yarn was washed also, by the sisters and taken to a sister in the ward who colored some of it and wove- it ; when completed we had 75 yds. of lovely cloth, half of which was white for under clothing, tlie" other red and black check for. dresses. The We have made" cloth was 37 inches-wide- . four large'quilts and have stocking yirn. all of which has been given to those most in need, and we have.' wool gathered this year to work up for next season' and all have our own home duties to attend to, and could not gather wool and get it into cluth the same season, as we have, to wait until the sheep are shorn and that is late in the There are many who have no spring. wool but they all give something, and the means gatheied on that diy is all turned into wool aiul each sister is credited with'; the amount in" wool. We gather wheat in the same way ; the sisters, take a team and go to every house and in that way we have ; all are ready gathered 50 bushels in a to give something in order to have their names enrolled as a. wheat donor, much can be accomplished in that way and, no person- wi ievei k el any portter, in lact 'they will have more instead, probably not of tais world's goods, but a greater fow of the Spirit of the Ford, and His blessings will ever attend, those who feed the hungry and clothe the destitute. How 'blessed we are to be engaged in so noble a'work as the Relief Society and may we all press onward until we attain to that perfection which is within the reach of all who will strive for it. Ever praying for the welfare of Ziou and the success of our valuable ' paper, (the ; And lo, Which excels the telestial in glory and light, In splendor and knowledge, and "wisdom .and joy. In blessings, and graces, dominion and might. . ' unto tile, Unlawful to utter, I dare not declare ; 'I hey surpass .ill the 'wisdom and greatness, of men, 'And only are seen, as Ins Paul, where 'they are. . 5. 1 I declared. 77- I 'beheld i ' Ashis '...prophets and servants have and" sun. , ' The.vuic4.of Jehovah echoed far ami wide, kv ry tongue Shall confess, and they all bow 'r Accoui)r.G to '"promise I ' will give a. the knee. brief .report of our 'Relief Sqciety in Spring Citv. The Society is in- fairly good run r.6. Kv'ry man'sliall be Jihlged by the work of end, ',. And thus I, beheld, in the vFion of heav'n, The teletial glory, dominion and bliss"; "Surpassing the great understanding of men,. Unknown, save revealed.in a world vain as this. " thf""' his life, And .receive a reward in the mansions prepared; For his judgments are just, and his works never - t,' 7. m; SPRING CITY RHIJFIF SOCIETY. :'- I 4 Mud so 'the telestial is ministered ' V,y ministers frtim the terrestrial one, , the from celestial throne ; As terrestrial And the great, greater, greatest, seems stars, M- int-on- t) .ttJ-- i . , though'; Aid'minist'riivg angefs, to happify there. ;.; slri,-- x .' are, The s !: A SO X that- - receive not a fulness of- ' from 'Christ, M KS A X f) . that-grea- t, ... spell-boun- d 5 . By the 72. - t!'!-y- order of God, last of all, these are ' ' ; - , j , .. That will not be gather'd with saints here - low, be- - , To be caught up to Jesus, and meet in the cloud: , irrdarkness they worshipped ; to 'darkness they -- An. whatever-TiTonume- nt -:- SO, These are ., are sinful, the wicked at they-th- a large, -- - That glutted their passion by meanness or .' worth; . And suffer, as promised, God's wrath on the earth. to-be- " . . . . a . These are they that must suffer the vengeance of hell, 'Till Christ shall have trodden all enemies down, And perfected his work, in the ful ness of times ; And is crown-- on his throne with his glorious. - crown." ''. .Xr ' '. , b " " ; . , ;.: - . -- 