7T 1 - ,174 .1 . " : ..... .... ' - ' ' , EXPONENT WOMAN'S . teacher, was Vqnescntetl by little Hazel iiiougii of Apostle Orson took tea; ice cream, slrawlxTries and .cake, White, a for of more substan-- . Hyde, who recited a poem composed aftereral other courses tial viands, ; and ' the- enjoyment was '.the occasion by her teacher; her costume was that of a moss rosebud, and it was in heightened by the easy flow of conversaS. M . Kimball tion, much of it relating to Sister Hyde the flower garden of Sister that the Prophet so admired this lovely whose 'natal day was memorialized in coming together. Twelve years before we had flower. The thrilling strain- - of " Praise to the Wen invited by the one whose memory we echoed were perpetuating. At the tea table were man who comuncd with Jehovah through the building as the Sisters Jane B. Taylor, wife ofgresident and' Ann Hyde, wife of scliool sang the hymn. Sister Edith Lov-ge- y John Taylors-Marof the Theological class gave the history Apostle Orson Hyde, Zina. I). II. Young of Joseph until the Church was organized, wiieoi rresiaent uriguara ioung, iaiu-&h'eShe was followed in a pleasing manner.W. Smith wife of Apostle George A related' Smith, and Sister's M. Isabella Horne, by Brother John H. Saiusbury, who the testimony of the "Three" and the nvoaiau .u. iviuiuuu, juiui nwni, Mine B., Wells, Annie T, Hyde, Lydia D. "'Eight witnesses " to the validity of the Alder, Maria Y. Dougall and Phebe Y. Book of Mormou, in a clear- and forcible voice. Beatie, Martia Hyde amHda Felt. M O My Father " was tenderly sung by Brother Bull and Brother In Aurelius Miner came in, also Brother Sister Dean Came Alder, Brother and his wife and a little Schettler very sweetly accompanying tier Joseph Bull Jim. A folt ti wiia singing, prayci auu 011 the guitar. Brother C. Hy ldahl meeting was uem speaking, and the gifts of the Gospel were lowed, describing in'an imprej;ive nianner the dedication of the Kirtland Temple and maniifst. Brother and Sister, Bull who have only the glorious visions given on that occasion. been married a few mouths received many Then the revered melody A poor way fa r- " hearty congratulations from the guests, ing man of grief softly fell upon the ear, the .congregation joining in the hymn. with every good wish for their prosperity The vision of the Prophet Joseph, Patriarch and future, happiness. . Sister Marinda N. Hyde was a conspicHyrum, Elders John Taylor and Willard uous figure in the early days of the Richards incarcerated in the old jail at Brother Church, and was always greatly admired , Cart!" .age, sadly nxse to view. for her sterling integrity to the Gospel Taylor saying he felt a sense of oppression as of impending danger, when the Prophet through, great trials, and in herself possessShe was ed an attractive personality. requested him to sing the hymn a second unsurpassed as a housekeeper of " the time. Thoughts and feelings were awakened ihatare so well known to the Latter-day- . Saints. ability and was a wise and prudent PresiThe martyrdom of the Prophet and dent of the 17th Ward Relief Society for . was concisely and solemnly Her example is Patriarch about twenty years. by' the daughters of given by the teacher of the Theology class, worthy of emulation .. t .. i rt . t " ster-L- y virtues-r-t- n dia4r--A Ider. uuu .ion in au uioe aiinuuie which make a woman of strong and re- - m prophet dear " was recited by Rida markable character. of the late PresiTaylor, a dent Taylor. "Weep, weep not for me Zion," was feelingly sung by the school SERVICES MEMORIAL and congregation, thus closing these grand A few words exand solemn exercises. OF 'FHK PROPHET OF THE MAKTVRDOM pressing pleasure and giving encouragement to the Sabbath School were given by jdSKPItAND PATRIARCH IIYKUM tMITII. Counselor John Gallacha. On Sunday evening the 27th of June, By the kindness of Bishop L. D. Hardy rendered were services by the use of the Ward hall was placed, at the veiy impressive the Sabbath School ol the 2nd Ward in the disposal of the Sabbath School for the eveward meeting house, the occasion being- ning, for which the Superintendency exthe anniversary of the martyrdom of the tended many thanks, and urged the parents years ago. The to come to the Sunday School and'assist in Prophet Joseph, building was packed by an attentive conteaching some of the classes, and encourage gregation, on whom a silent awe rested ' the teachers by their. presence, :" strictest and exercises the the throughout George D. Alder, of attention was given. Superintendent, 41 Joseph Smith's First Prayer" w;as James Hooper, ' sung by the school. A prayer was offered John Stringa, by Counselor Paul Olsen, followed by a Assistants beautiful sacramental hymn , as that ordinance was administered. Also a touching quartette by membersXof the School, tt .". i . ' very, lew inueeu m me k113 m. " " - ft . 1 is few in mimber, but tbVpresklent, SiV4tr -- callingr-- ' . re-echo- ed y ki - pre-sen- - ng " . C.-.- D. -- . e ... -- s On Wednesday June 23, Sister Hyde returned to Salt Lake City, Jeeling afternoon. . 1 . 1 1 .. . Giv-meJj- . giand-daughte- . - ack. r ' - -- : t, iii... t:i. The next appointment was at Gunnison atS p. m. The weather, was quite cold and disagreeable, and the cheery pitch-pinfire which greeted our entrance into Bishop Madsen's dining room was only equaled by the warm welcome extended by the Bishop and his wife, who is the president of the Relief Society and is very Our meetenergetic in her field of labor ing in the evening was well attended and a good spirit, prevailed. Friday morning we visited South Gunnison and held meeting at 10 o'clock, returning to Manti in the . per-hap- ' ' work; At 2:30 p; m'. the sisters met with the Relief Society of Mayfield in their commodious hall, which was well a'tteuded by bo'h old and young. Sister Olsen, the president, has had much experience in Re lief Society work and is energetic and judicious in the discharge of her duties. After enjoying the kindly hospitality of die people of Mayfield till Thursday rnoni-ini- r the party drove to Fayette, holding meethg in the new Relief Society hall at r' o'clock with nearly all the members The as well as the young ladies. president, Sister Eliza Bartholomew, was for many years the energetic president of the Y. L.'M. I. A. of Fayette, and is keenly alive to the duties Of her present office and has an efficient aid in her husband,, the ' the-eveni- hit. "fliffimlties incident to isolated and aattt-r,,- ! communities to meet; 'she is doing a 'good - - Ttss'nt aUliouVu;.-- LibbieThoiufxsijiiV r grand-daughte- , unable to continue the journey around" the Stake. Her counselors, however, completed the trip, beginning at Ephraim on Wednesday m online at 10 a. 111: i he5rsteT5 were- much gratified that President Peterson was able to meet with them and also join them at dinner at the hospitable home Ellen Dorius, the Senior Relief Society The sisters of president of Ephraim. Ephraim are still maintaining their reputation for faithfulness and good of-Sist- er old-tim- e ' works. Our next meeting was in Fairview at 8 p. m., which was well attended. Here other wards we had visited we found the sisters up and doing, and especially zealous in storing grain. The president, Sister Pritehett, is advanced in year,s and in feeble health, but her hands are well sustained by two faithful and energetic counselors, Sisters Peterson and Tucker. Thursday; morning we drove to Milbunl Our were kindly welcomed. , where we : V meeting wa not?o well attended as 011 former occasions owing to sickness. However, a good spirit prevailed and , the President, although she has a large family, always seems equal to the occasion. We left VISIT AND MEETINGS. our team at Milburn and took the train for ' indiauola, held a short meeting with" Manti. June 30. ; there, returning to Milburn on the south-bounEditor lVoma?is Exponent train as we were due 'at Mt. Pleasant in the evening. Our meeting in : Knowing your interest in Relief Society this city was not so well attended as usual I to venture send you a brief rework, owing to a large wedding reception which of this Zion. Stake of port was in progress and to which a large proTwo weeks ago our houored President, portion of the people were invited. The M. A. Hyde, accompanied by her counselpresident, Sister Morrison, in spite of her ors began their annual tour of the county. advanced age and. feeble health is an They left Manti early Wednesday morning president and is always among the 'holding "their initial meeting in Sterling at foremost to respond to every call, and is 10 a. m. The Relief Society of this place diligent in good works. as-i- . n . fifty-thre- e " leading voice; Another quartette, ' He Knows " was beautifully sung by Brothers John Robinson- and Thomas Ash worth, SHters Dean .Came Alder aud ora Lynch. The Kindergarten class. Sister Amy B. Lymaii teacher, was represented by little Vera Shimmons, who so clearly recited the story of the little children who prayed for the Prophet Joseph; when be. said to his guards You can go home tonight, God will hear the little children who have prayed for me, and I shall be safe." The Primary class. Sister Lena B. Davis ' . - : the-siste- . . d up-to-da- te rs 