WOMAN'S 'Hit f i' Wl)M A IV 1) .p;l'd through v"T ' V A IviN i ow- - one oHhe striking' his cane im, No sir; l am going to stop j..; soil. here. I am going to build a city here." f am going to build a temple hea and I' am going, to build a country uere." And by tin of God he lived to see all this luhd!,d. help TT ..C il 1... uiiti-siun!' ... iuc c ,..... 01 uie rr- t lie uetiiCtiieii aud'dictated the building uf the Temple up to the time of his death. He directed the building of the St. Geo:;;e Temple, and he moved a great mouut ui. t. a get a place to suit him upon which to lie pointed out ihe the Manti Temple. build the Logan Temto which place upon ple, and he did a great deal toward, its erection. He built the big Tabernacle m Salt Lake City, and he dictated tothe architects nearly all that is upon the TemThere is hardly a city or Un ple, block. in Utah that, was not laid out tinder indirection. "I brought President Young int; the This was the f:rt in. my caniage. time be ha'cl ever seen the place, except in .visionT-auaswe .came annind the we could have a good view uf 't!e" valley, he wislied me to tun; the side of the . carriage Isa that he coutd have a betid view, wincii l uui, naviiig a door opemng on the side ot the. carriage, niter 'Viewing " That will do, the valley awhile he said: I have drive on; this the place. eea ' President this valley before in a vision. Young had been sick' for several days-- on the Weber river, and several of the Pioneers had gone ahead and cut the road through a quaking asp grove, and had formed a camp and commenced breaking ground, but it was so very dry that it was 'difficult to I arrived at break it until it was watered. the camp at .30 It was a little northeast of where the Knutsford hotel i:c v. stands. I had in my carriage one bushel m potatoes, and I covenanted that I ' uh not cat or drink Until the potatoes were planted 111 the earth. 1 fulfilled this coven-ant, getting some of' the brethren to me, and soon had my potatoes plai.tuK 44 What tuen. generations marvelous changes have taken place during J We see things today and KMMEL1XE U. WtlLLS, our lifetime! tUi.frtai Cm'rt'w, A A A7 H'hLLS CAS OS , C look upon them without wonder that in. our earlv davs would have" beeii consideied Published City. Utah. in miraculous. When I was a small hoy we Terms: one copy one yrAt, i.oo, ou" copy six rf.onths, had just emerged from under the blue laws tor club Ctty p.tp' rs deliv50 cts. No reduction ered by mail, extra ioi postage or.e year, 25 cts. of Couneeticutt-t- ogreater freedom of of lines nonpr.rcil ten Advertising rates:, Rich squire, disthought and action. The ducking-stoosp ice onp time, 2,50; per month. 1 3 pa A liberal count Jto regular advertisers. and other forms of punishment akin to it Women weie no had been laid aside. Kxihjs knt office. Roonis 227 A s; (VnMitutie n Main Street, oppovte Z.C. M.I. longer hanged or burned at the stake as to a m. to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. witches. Greater religious liberty was enAddress all business communications to joyed. Women were allowed to kiss their PUM.ISI.IKK WOMAN'S KXPONliNl, Children, husbands "thf ir "wives, onAhe SabSalt Ukk City, Utah. bath day without being punished for it. II as HnUreA at the t'ost Ofict n &i!t Lake City, Utnh, a boy took an ear of corn from the field, ' s matter . although even then he might be punished fur it, he was not in danger of being sold x The imas a slave, as in former days. Salt Lk: City Junk i.V July.1. 1S97 just b.en proved condition of things.-habrought about when I came into the world. .OLD FOLKS .MKKTING. But greater and more wonderful changes In have been accomplished - IN Till; TAinCKNACMi". mv bovhood everv acre of irrain was cut Thkkk' was probably a larger gathering with a sickle in New Kngland. The f rsfj of the old folks in the Tabernacle this year advance made in that direction was when than 011 any cession, and the the hand cradle came into use. The reaper picture was a pleasing one.' The visitors and'the binder were never dreamed of in oaupiul lhelront seats in the centre of the those days. If such things had been building, "and the delight manifest in their brought into the wheatiields then, the peoto ple of the ljui would almost have thought ap;eaiai:ee was in itself compensation Carnations were distri- the millenium had come. the Cummiltee. And there has buted by a committee of ladies, and the lieen rapid advancenlent- in almost every fragrance. and '.beauty of the flowers must department of life. have been gratelul to the silver hailed men "I need not take up your time in detailand women. Ileld's band was there with ing the' many changes and improvements, its choice select ions, and the " Old Folks that have been made. We live today amid choir " did not legkct to sing ' Auld Lang the wondrous powers. of steam and electricSyne" and other popular melodies, and ity, by which such marvelous things are Brother Win. Dunbar had his bagpipes being accomplished. AH these things have Guitar-anClub Deseret Mandolin and the bqen brought about in our day, and I feel Tabernacle was choir the the with to thank God for what He has done for the together tin of musical partcomplete ofmen in prnr:i'm ng them as he has , President George (). Mankind have great cause, for done. Klder George Godda id offered prayer after thankfulness to our Father in heaven be- - j singhig by the choir; and in remembering cause of the, many blessmgs he has bestow- ' the Old Folks, did not forget Queen Vic- ed um them iiv this day and generation. toria's Jubilee and the birthday of Bishop' "We who live in Utah have especial cause,! "Although we were on- Mexican soil we Kdward Hunter." to ihank and praise His holy name for the J. planted the American flag soon after our President Wilfoid Woodruff was present Yv e blessings' we enjoy. . I have spent fifty arrival here. immediately went to in person, and though he was not able, beof in the mounthese work and as a protection against 'Indians valleys Rocky cause of a cold,' to speak, had prepared "a years and have tains, passed- through 'all the surrounded a ten acreplat on three sides written address which was read by Klder t of until we with a ten foot adobe wall on the remainDavid McKeu.ie, the speech of welcome phases have arrived at full statehood, and I feel it ing side with log cabins. Immediately we by President George Q. Cannon, was given a to so with meet of had to dig ditches and get water to our great privilege many in his most gracious and cordial manner wel' State of and citizens friends of the my crops ,or nothing would have matured coming the veterans and referingto long Utah, and I consider it here to With our surveyor's chain and, compass proper, life as a blessing from the Lord to those to our. arrival as President Young went to work to lay out make reference some, whe had obeyed His laws and sought to pioneers, and" the commencement of our Salt Lake City just as we see it today, with serve Kim.. labors in this great American desert. And its broad streets and sidewalks, in the We regret lack of space to give his adI should be recreant in my duty and justly midst of drv. barren sagebrush with scarce dress and other interesting facts of the eve' . , . . t 0 1. ..l If unuer 1 a wlnte man s house 'withiii. a thousand aid putee myseii biroug reprooi we but the address of the ener ning, give able Pioneer and President in full as it ap- not give the honor and glory to our great miles of us. ; I assisted 'in- all that wuik. prophet, seer reveiator and pioneer, Presi- - Many of you who are, before me; have' also, peared .in. the besact. Evening Neivs. dent .Brigham Young, who under God, labored and toiled to build and , beautify laiduie foundation of redeeming this srreat this country and make it what it is today. .president Woodruff's address. itc rlpcorr frrttti jw x ou iKnow wnat we iiiiu uie tr .v.f.uVUvi.4iuu. President Wiiford Woodruff, one of the Atilpriran have had to pa-- s of State Utah as we, find through in all this. f f1.111 anoble few who has passed the ninetieth milestone But . RrMtttr? ("ti t ' Vniinrr nrtflV a 4 lit mcA. v with ..ji: us. ior-He on has was me. ot an address. crowned our labors with tne program'. "f154 come was and he to here, work success. inspired but beiuLVthe sufferer from a bad cold He has blessed the land and and when Bran-Samuel I made it fruitful; .and we have been able to address was a prepared onewhich was'read fafter h; got" "ere, t0 "an' from New the.s!HP Brooklp wh?, surround ourselve's with pleasant homes ByrElder David McKenzie. It was as fob oau xuiis. iu iuaueu .LatterWilli and many of the comforts of life. ' There- rmuubuu, lows; came to this barren country and rpirw day Saints, cur , w ua c v icai cause .au .! . , , : '...1 i 'lVT...ns ..:.. XiraAc. t x u,a x. . .it. uu ne laoi iue u,vi i looked at the pioneers, thankful to our Father for the blessings y w caius ua , x icjuiec io ue- - ucsiJiuun ana Darreuness, and tried with we ua,i- ir enjoy. hold the faces of so many of my friends v all the power he had to pursuade President bless and mothers fathers , "Qod the, aged gathered together in. this great Tabernacle. ? Young not to'&top here., but to go on to of Utah. They have performed a mighty We who have been upon this earth frnm Calif 1 UUI !' JU-anu i.oiVlvll. i work this land. seventy .on-netyears and u;W;,r.ls have his answer ,o Hanu:,! Jirannan in X S. LLA'I U onht-'cliilllieno- t t : , ). ' 1 1 im-.n.u- 4 - Lake-Temple- uVt-l- l Utiild-in- R, -- ,ecan1-t-tn- , va1-le- -- y d Mnce-thal-linie j . c -- ' . : - 1 1 ! -- ek-rftm Cannon-presided- , . h-- ip ' ' ; - - territorial-governmen- ' " ! J I ! ; I .. - I ; I "" it-,- . -- u-i- . . -- God-has-be- ea- ! c . i i f i ; T y T 4. , -- T y j- -- . - p U,;,: . Z ulZi:. ... 