rr -- r - 'tr- " ' :. - A IV: Vl xs m i;r v v ' 77:t inthelldndt x Vol. 26. SALT I.A K K Us B. Pratt. A Gold n WedW. Address-- R. ding M. A Hyde. R. S Report-- In Memomm. II. ! Ladies' Sec. Zina H. Bui, Meeting Wahi gton's Last Will and Semi-Monthl- y Testament-Note- s and Newsi An Amendment. Editorial: Chri tmas and the Children Musings and' Me i.'ories. A Welcome Visi or. Colonial Tea Party. For the Colonial Tea Party at Aunt Em's. Editorial Notes. Poetry: The Holly Maria Lw Bar n. Woman's Appe d Bertha M. Wixon. Cumpahio: s R. H. Stoddard. v " . THE HOLLY. Imperishable green the holly leaves, And brigh a bloo tne berry red that weaves Its brilliance tnrougi the tangled branches dense: No bird ca j bjild within its spiked fence, . U x sun it leafy deeps d Where the undying spirit sleeps. It stands within the churchyard w ere the grave.Rise in their grassy ranks, like broken wavts And sturd er grows as man in dei h is laid unvar ing shide. Pulseless beneath it:, T e Summers cdl with song, and bee, nd flower! Its leaves shake off the to ch of vernal shower; 1h. Autumn flings hei radiance far and wide Till ear h is garoe in beauty as a br de Y t ever stands the holly d jk, severe, Luce a grim warder o'er a fickle ye r. The Wi .ter com s; go ie t e lea y shade, That, ate, earm's O.i n t nt T splerid r madei turn brown, The vin-likserpents fiery-eyeI tree-boun- - bl-ck- 1 . s, d, Andblosso nsth ov dieirg rlands vithe eddowii. Slid sh nes the ho fy with its hoa y hedgeT An r dde berries flash along i s edge; The snoAs doth it ligh ly toss To gleam, like emerald, for the Chris mas cross. Now is its victory ! in he f stive hal. Its bt ering leaves enwreat the ictored wall; Abjve th - fire j ace where the hickorv glows, Its s irit, framed, the threa ened snows, Upon the board where wine and wit are t .roned; .It.rusthng, aughsa'ch rchyar. wind ih t moaned And where it uangs on high, o'er naide is head, L hears the Cnritmas vows o lovers said. J new-falie- n, " fo-get- s 1 Strange typ of life an hou, O hol ly bra. e ! round mouldering With str ng roots, coral-lik- e grave, Beaming the v.in'erN stor.the summer's sun, While changing decades f man's race are run; Twin of grim Dea.il whSi shadow macks our - . -- way, cho en comrade of our Christmas day ! Maria Le Baron. THANKSGIVING IN THE NEW ENGLAND HILLS. - ; " . It a dark, gray November day near Thanksgiving time, and Jake the hired man came in all in a flutter with the mail, for the letters were anxiously looked forward to in that out of the way suburb of the town; there was a great open fire of pine knots and "Squire Went worth and his wife were enjoying the calm of the evening twilight, as well as the .blazing fire. The curtains were not drawn bnt the day's j was . V NY the Women of Utah shsnU le a CONTENTS: Thanksgiving in the NewKngbnd II ' - ..... I- - Pour, CITY, UTAH. to better the DI-C- . brought in loth father ami mother eagerly opened one after the other, and as there were several in reply' to ine vitations-to come home ti Thanksgiving, these were read' first,-ant! en nil. at once Mr.;. 'Went-wor- th looking up from her Rosetta Stacy exclaimed,. "After she's here says coming up Thanksgiving! do yrru hear that father ?'' . And the Suire f A nd so she's condescended to replied, come has she?, well I declare, what a surprise! T must say her upstartishness l ils all I ever heard; what did you say mother about her refusing last year when you asked her? I remember she was pretty' k-ttei- 11 i impertinent.'' "Well father. I told von she refused out and out, ana gave no reason except that she hated the country inter, and it was not fit for civilized people up here in the woods anyway; that's just about what she said only those might not be the exact W 111 i m . , I I W I Wme, the State and the AW;:. No. 1S97. 31, 15, work was over and the S ii ire reading his nevspajKr, the very picture of content, his wife busy with her needle; but when the .letters--we'r- II II lud by George. 14' don't want any. citi'kd, stuckup young woman'around; .I'm mighty borrx she's coming anyway, I wish she'd reI fused again for my part." . "O don't say that father she'll soon be , here, and we've plenty uf room so you can have a good time with the babies and see much of her nor hear the piano either. unless you want. to, and nw I thiirk of jt the girls' il not play w hen Rosetta's here,' nt s!;e is a proles.i( nal." .' VI low many professions has she got, she's an elocutionist and a pianist, knows Greek ihd Latin, we'll all stand in awe of her I suppose, though her mother was my cousin' !"or ' and born up here in the woods as she calls it;, and I'd like to have a little of Fred's Let me see he's been company myself. awav most of the time now well on to six years, and if he's going to settle in I'oston we' wont see him very often, you and me mother, we can't be going up and down to Boston much, its about time 'now we look things easy." Mrs. Weutworth loved "her boy Fred ;ery much and she would willingly make any sacrifice for him, but she did think, 'twas too bad he was going to settle away from them, she had always exjeeted until recently that he would stay near them but he was very ambitious and tliere'wasn't s much chance for getting on in the professions in out t f the Way places, and as she sat in a brown study thinking of that and of the old -all at home, times and the Squire .dropped asleep, and fluT" house was so still you might have heard a pin drop but for the heavy breathing of the. sleeper, and. .Mrs. Went worth took up Fred's Tetter again and read it over and the lears. trickled down her face as 'she thought'of'the days when they were all around her and the noise and games' and ; ai;d her own merry laughter a,t happy 'motherhood, for she had been a fond mother and her children had all grown up, fom were' married now and had homes of their own and little ones, and two were still at school not far away and Fred, Why he was no longer a boy, his letter was like that of a inan of the world, and she realized more than ever how utterly alone they were after all the years that had passed. The maid came in to say tea was ready and she brushed her tears away ami woke her husband, how many times it had .been, so since the children were gone, but she had not felt so depressed until of late; The Squire "seemed to have forgotten the near approach of Thanksgiving and his wife was: glad to be left to her reveries, but ere the meal was finished they were aroused by the loud knocker, and a welljcnown voice ..call--- , ing "mother," and the buoyant' young man who had thrown off all restraint on reaching his country home, made the empty house V fesound with his hearty greetings, 'We didn't ex pect you so soon ,' not till tomorrow anyway," said the Squire, "why didn ' t you' send a rhessage, we never he ard' the carriage 'Wheels and the house so still, words." "What did vou ask her again for after such a flat refusal, it's the same time o'year and the weather is iust the same in Novem ber any way,- it's Mustering cold most 11 11 uon 1 mow times, gray anu uamp-nlike Sancho, whv I'd have had too much pride to ask her again; I'd like to know if our girls .irn't as good as she is any day, if ay she has been to Smith College a nd up in elocution and all that sort o' thing; it beats me what the country's high falutin notions as coming to with-sucthe young lolks have nowadays, and our own colleges even not good enough, they must sro abroad to finish. "Well father I'll tell you why I sent Rosetta another invitation as you seem to resent it so, our boy, Fred is' coming home to Thanksgiving and he's over head and ears in love with this stylish young woman, you know how anxious you'e been about Fred's future, and he's all the boy we have to keen up the family name, you've been telling me that for the last, six years ever since he first went away to school, and he 11 never marry unless he' can get Rosetta Stacy. And so I determined .to try once more to have her come up here and see us, you remember when she was a little girl her mother would have her come for a month or two once a year at least, to get the fresh air and romp with the .girls, and .'twas then Fred fell in love with her ' and he's never cared about any girl since, and he's seen plenty of them, as you know.'.' "Well now mother your explanation's all very well but. the girls are all away now and you haven't much help, that Carter tah-leand girl don't know how to wait on"red's pretty particular himself, and you' ve been cooking the whole week and there's no chance of getting extra help at Thanksgiving time, everybody wants their own at home then if they're ever so poor, and if Susan and Marian come home they'll be tir-eV and everlastingly drumming on the piano how's that?" came over on horseback lrom . the and then the others' 11 bring their babies, , . "I - e got-aw- whLMi--jLh4Jiildririyer- - . . even-time- -- . . - , ;. 4 d . ; " 