OX' Kl. . ....... iutcr crossed "twars to' instructions they laid out city. which they called Winter Quarters. '.of seven hunThis city dred houses, workshops, - places ot worship etc,, with a population of four thousand wards, each and divided into twenty.U-counselpresided over by a bishop and his lors. A High Council was also organized.-Thcity was what is now Florence, Neb., five miles; from Omaha. in crude houses of It was in this-citlogs, turf and other primitive materials that the Saints passed the severe winter of 1S46 and '47 While camped here it was found necessary on account of trouble in the branch of the Church in England, for Apostles John Taylor; Orson Hyde and P. P. Pratt to" go to England to arrange the affairs. As spring approached it was deemed advisable not to take the whole Church along but for a small company to le selected to push forward, pioneer the wayj find the place where they should build their city and then the other companies should follow in their wake. Accordingly one men were selected, huudred and forty-fou- r one of whom became ill and. could not go, and a their earnest solicitations three women,- Clara D. Young, wife of Brigham Young, Harriet P. W. Young, wife of, Lorenzo Young and Ellen S. Kimball, wife of Heber C. Kimball, and two children accompanied the party. On April 5, 1847, Heber, C. Kimball with six wagons left Winter Quarters and found" a camp four miles west called Cutler's camp, and this camp was the nucleus of the Pioneer. company. On the eighth some, of the leading men returned to meet mission, on the ninth aholhersta'rt va5 made but the same men again returned to meet John Taylor who had returned from England bringing with him two thousand dollars in gold subscribed by the British Saints Apostles Taylor, Pratt and Hyde remained behind to organize new compansoon left, reaching the ies and basin of the Great Salt Lake the latter part of September and the beginning of October, while Orson Hyde remained behind to orattend to the emigration companies, ganize ... " II f . "... - ll me rrunucr kmuuuuui,ana eaii me Ou first newsoater published in Iowa. the 15th of .April the Pioneer company wagons, finally started with seventy-twfitty-twsixty-si- x ninety-twmules, horses, oxeriV nineteen cows,' seventeen dogs instructed and some chickens. .They-werto proceed two wagons abreast as much as the-forme- r .7 a I I o o o the bugle would sound at five o'clock for every one to arise, then they had prayers, fed their teams, breakfasted and were ready to "start at seven O'clock. . more; . Q V ill t. n l a wr t.l!elJWUC. lldU ......... J .. piacio all his own wagon and 'by """9 "o'clock"" "J-- y. 111 Each company of ten must be in bed took their turn in riding in. the van of the train, and when they camped at night a corral was formed by placing the . wagons in a circle, the fore wheel of each vehicle being locked in a hind wheel of the one ahead. One and sometimes two openings were left in this corral and the horses and cattle were usually driven, into the inclosure especially .when in a hostile country. Over this small, mimic, sleeping city the sentries mounted guard. On f , ." o ' - - e o . 'i ew'uCZ: "but was-compose- . J III -. tiSvrf the Sabbath day thvrc, wasdivine rviccs wrre held.ajid the day was tr ? V, kep tholy The people were ,.. r t on oth and the nn if.tr it ; V and cheer u am enjoy mein- to v the month l'resulent oug .va- taken ,11 excessive .levity ami Joud.j sel ' Willi UlUUiiuiin iv.vi uiiu viijA,iicu UJ lautrhter was discountenanced cease and rear for fall to the The company traveled up. the barren awhile. On the 13th Orsontraveling Pratt with north-sidof the Platte making their own women and the and men children forty-tw' road,' fearing to travel on the south side of the Ci 6 y family, pressed forward to try where the emigrants to Oregon and Cali, and trail a make Denver road and find the forma-- . were traveling on account of the rear. the in went down for those They depredations of their old enemies, the Canon and East into thirteen Echo Canon ' They frequently were com- olten the crossed that rapid . stream, times ... .... ,C CrxA it1 trni'iciniitt . ..11.. i . . W UlUL'b Ut IU Uii ivijxi iinu j.v,w fc" ..w..- to the hit ans, but were usually treated descended the steep and In crossing rivers 4hey locked as they well by them. r used-small leather boat called the Revenue viocky canons; iiom ivasi unuu here Orson Pratt' and John Cutter which they had brought - with them Big mountain, ahead of the Brown riding company pn as a wagon bed from Winter Quarters. first the glimpse of the At Loup Fork they ferried some of the Julv 19, caught 'of the Great. Salt Lake. Their Oregon emigrants across and were given by Valley then led them over Littles mounfiotir ..anQther. provisions; these journey ttown Junigrauon ranon. , t.emigrants were Missourians and it seemed tainranu - .4 .1 c .. . .. t onuw 21. On juiucu- me feed JUiy to strange that they should thus help t van guard bringing a message from them when they were in the wilderness. who thought that on emerging They hunted and fished as they went into the valley if they journeyed a little along, and thus added to their provender. On May 21, a guide board was put up. northward they Aould find the best place. On the same afternoon Erastus Snow and reading: " From Winter Quarters 409 one horse rode into the miles; from the junction of the north and Orson Pratt riding On the afternoon of the 23rd valley. south forks (of the Platte) 9J miles! Acsaw the "valley for the cording, to Fremont this place is 1.1- - miles President Young from Laramie." A'arious ether such guide first time, and a ter looking at it long and this is the boards were made, often a buffalo's' skull steadfastly he place.-Driv- e on." being, used for that purpose, and these right That night the President and the rear skulls also served for post offices in which were hidden letters for the companies guard camped .at what is now Mountain On June 1, they Dell, and on the afternoon of the following traveling in the rear. day, the memorable 24th of July, the rear were opposite Fort Laramie and five huumiles from Winter guard drove into the valley to the place dred and forty-threand Quarters, half their journey completed in which those in the van had selected, seven weeks. There they were joined by where they had sown their grain. And their journey was over. more of the Mississippi Saints and the 'inAnnik Caura Hydk. valid .portion of the Mormon Battalion, 'I .v-- ; the river from Council Bluffs and accord- iner KXl'ONFNT- - N'S Mis-sourian- s. 1 1 ( , IK-llC- , up-ove- a . -- I - J i 1 i- - Presi-den- V-ottii- . -- s-ii- . . e seTemeinriirallrilo sent back to Pueblo to take charge of the On the 4th of June Mississippi Saints. they left Laramie and met many- emigrants bound for Oregon, and in the region of the Black Hills on the Platte, ferried them across the river, as on account of high water it was not fordab e.' Finding that the smimming ot the wagons injured flie'm they made a raft and ferried their own wagons and loads as well as the emigrants across, charging the latter $1.50 for a wagon and loads. The money and provisions obtained at this time were equally -- divided among the company, the ferrymen receiving a little more for their work. As this plan was; considered a good one to establish a ferry nine men were detailed, to man jt, and hereby to be able to pioneer the next company. . The . pioneers met several scouts and mountaineers of whom they inquired about the laud ahead of them, but all reports were very discouraging; the land was bar, ren and no vegetation, little water, a great salt sea and inhabited by some of the - he were advised to go into the northern part of the great basin valley to a place where the hunters and trappers cached their furs as it was the most fertile '. part, they called it Cache valley, which name it still bears, or into th$ southern part, but around the great Salt Lake nothing would grow. Col Bridger offered .one thousand dollars for the first ear of corn " ripened in the where the Saints settled. But still place undaunted they pressed , 0:1 turning: their - - Mv ipyiei)jiu.eKock v Mo)UI1- - A HEART OF GOLD. -- J BY CLIO. It was dinner time before the company reached their destination, the banks of the beautiful Silver Lake, set like a gem in the tops of the verdure-clad- , mountains The. afternoon was occupied iipreparing for the celebration on the morrow. John Heplar worked .with a will gathering willows and boughs to help niake the three large boweries necessary for the accommodation of the vast, assembly; also in bringing from the saw mill near by, planks to form floors for the same. All was at last prepared. The day-gowas just sinking to rest in his couch of crimson and amber when the shrill but sweet tones of,a bugle floated through the tremulous air, followed by answering echoes as the sound reverberated from crag to crag, and peak to peak. It was a signal for the people to gather around a' small turf-claXmiiience,'fo lisfeirto .worHsoTlnspiration by their leaders. It was a solemn and in n the dim twilight, surspiring, moment, rounded by the grandest and most beautiful in nature, twenty-si- x hundredv. people listened with devout looks an ddee pest feeling, to the prayer offered by "their be- loved Brother Heber, as' he plead for ;2ion and dedicated the spot for the grand cele- bratidn of religious liberty for "her people-And when later there stood before-thetheir prophet and leader, speaking' boldly for fox lilessifigs received, rock-ribbe- d . d . . m justice,-.thankfull-y ; 