' U the 6th " to the nth Supposed "the succession, ..' dynasty- .- It Hall, April. ,S97.- . I'rcsident - M. I. .. Mi-tpiesen- t .f .11. - Th-.bes- - ' The first period in Egyptian ' i: 14. ") President ing, were read and approved. Home felt very happy in meeting with the sisteis today, more so if possible, for the reason she had not been here for some Kelt these meetings were more time. , dwelt..-- away from thef meeungs iT me irie;; Spoke of her children and the anxiety she felt for them; felt to bless Sister. Home for the teachings she .had given to her. Sister Betsy Bro.ver bore her testimony. Sister Elizabeth Brown felt she bear her testimony sliQ felt so overjoyt j for the Gospel, also that we could ask the Lord for' blessings and be sure that thee would be giveiius; made some beautihi! remarks. Sister Davis bore her testimony, said she felt very grateful for the Gospel, and spoke of when. .'she first joined the Mormons; felt very anxious over her friends who were in. the East and who do not believe as she sav wlint IS Tr .n n mni'iiH' O O truth." The minutes of the previous meet- .'. phis and Thebes, respectively, during that Mythically, Kgy.pt claims to have period. been in existence at a much earlier date than we have any knowledge of.its history. There' were in this land during ancient times, four principal dynasties; that of Thin, Memphisand Tanis." It was in the country of Tanis that the Israelites ... - 111 1 1 st" educational than 'any others the sisters could attend; thought "that President Young was inspired when he organized these Associations. Said that those who feared God met often and spoke one to another, and a book of remembrance was kept and these testimonies were all entered. Referred ..to, some remarks of President Young wherein he said that if the Saints would be humble' and more united, it does the rest of the Sister Sarah Phelps said her constant Book of Mormon would be given us. prayer and desire was that the hone: t. in Spoke of the goodness of God to us; those heart might be gathered out from the jud.g. who gave to the poor loaned to the .Lord. them. Urged President Home felt this Hall had been merits that were corning upon the sisters to be faithful and diligent, and kept from desecration and from evil spirits; ,do all thev could. Prayed God u; ...times for we could all testify to the G. to wished Howe Sister testify to Julia we have had in this building". Prayed we the goodness! of God, aud .said she Jiad been might always be faithful, and that the good Sis greatly blessed and comforted by being spirit might continue to be with us. ter Mary Silver felt glad she was a Latter- - here today. Spoke of her Temple work his-lur- y begins with the establishment of a monarch)" by Meues, or Misraim, the son of ' Cham, or Ham, in the year of the world or 21SSB. C., and ends .with the i Sin, destruction of that monarchy by Cambyses, King of .Persia, in the year 525, B. C. The seoud period is intermixed with Persian 'and extends to the and Grecian. histo' Ucalh ufLAlexauuer the - great, which occured i:i Bibyloii, 523 B. C. The third period is that in which a new monarchy was formed in Kgypt by the Lagida, or B. C , and ended with Ptolemies, itT the death of Cleopatra, the last queen of J I he Kgypt, which happened in 30 B. C. Lagida were descendants of 'Ptolemy Lagus, who was supposed to be a, natural son of The Kings of this Philip' of Macedon. line succeeded each other till- Cleopatra, a andj!pw.sheji -- Sistersister .of the lasJLPLQkmy, ascended, the Morris bore her testimony and asked for the sisters would bs. more diligent and throne when Kgypt became a Roman proSaid we, faithful in serving the Lord. vince, and continued so until the reign of the faith and prayers of the sihters. A sister from Brigham City felt pleased must encourage one another, that our Omar, the second Caliph of the successors meant much. Spoke of a part v she of Mahomet, who drove out the Romans, to be here in this meeting today, had look--eforward to it, for she felt she would re- attended when President Young va i alive, after it had been in their hands nearly Prayed God ceive a blessing; was very much interested also referred to his remarks. seven hundred years. in the work and said when she received to bless Sister Home for her words of comIn 1171 A. I)., the Caliph Saladin introduced . the Mamelukes into Kgypt;- and her Exponent the first thing she read fort and wisdom. Sister Harriet Badger bore her testi- when the power of the Caliphs declined, El was the minutes of these meetings; bore a Mo-- ., a slave belonging to that race, set strong testimony-mony and made some beautiful remarks. .she was invited of the Mamelukes about Sister Wright made some remarks Kelt Sister Margaret lay up the empire 1250, A. I). At the commencement of the very thankful foHier many blessings and to attend the matinee this afternoon, and loth ce nttiry, about 1.5 7 A.I).,Seli m , a Tu rk more especially that she could go into ti e was in a quandary whether ihr wnnfrl .... lsh emperor, .Conquered Kgypt and for many Temple and do work for her kindred. Re- there or attend this meeting, she felt she years the c mntry was distracted by civil ferred to the time When she first joined the had chosen wisely by coming here for she wars. Tiie French, under Napoleon Bona-parChurch, and said her desire was to do had been greatly blest. Prayed God to invaded that land in .1798, and they good. Singing "O give me back my probless us all. ' ' m turn were driven from it by the Turks phet dear, Counselor E. Stevenson urged the sisters and British in 1801, and the country reCounselor K. Webb felt thankful to Jiear. to come to the Temple at least ones day a stored to the Ottoman Porte, p.. the sisters appreciated the Gospel in the week; .felt our time was .short. Referred ..Historians are unanimously agreed, that Way they did. Said ve could go "to our to the remarks of President roodruiT at Menes, or Misrai'm, was the first king of Heavenly Father with any and everytning Brigham City when he said the Angel of He was the soii. of Cham, the and ask Hun to Egypt. help and ' comfort us; and Destruction had gone forth; she said we second son of Noah, and when the family were sure of an answer. He was always could testify to thiswhen we pick up the of the latter, after an extravagant attempt near us to help when 'He was sought daily papers. Prayed we might .be more at building the tower of Babel dispersed Spoke of Temple work and diligent and faithful. into different countries, Cham, or Ham, re- earnestly. President Home made a few closing reurged the sisters who jived near, to came to tired to Africa.- He had four children, the Temple and do for their dead all that marks, and meeting adjourned for two Mis- Clius,- or Cusli, in the Scriptures, was Prayed the spirit of testis weeks. : Singing 1 "Weep,r weep not Jor raimr Phut and Canaan: Cush settled in m onypossible. ' Annie mig lit be pb u red ou t u pou tl le sisters. me Zion. " Benediction Sister vbv Misraim in Kthidpia;Kgypt, which is Sister Louie. Stevenson made some re- T. Hyde. s mietunes called in the Bible afUr his of her son who is on a marks, and Zina H. Bull, Sec. name, and by that of Cham, his father. mission, andspoke how he was received by the s The of its old name, Misraim, re- outsiders. Sister 'Margaret 0. Brown reHALF RATE EAST VIA UNION main to tins-daamong the Arabians, who ferred to the last. April conference, felt it PACIFIC. call it Mesre. Phut to-- possession of that was the best conference we had ever had, lies westward of Kgypt, the brethren For the accommodation of a large numpart otv Africa which had all been inspired who r .1 t ua s uie country wiiicii .iHuvanuau God always answered her ber of teachers and their friends, the Union spoke to us. Pacific as usual will make rate of one fare name. Ancient history pore jus PjajrsLWihej d trip to Missouri Raver, Chicago yVtrmttherCim she Sked Him and He always en:101? same people 'who. are generally called thing and St. Louis. Tickets on sale June 5th, lightened her - Phivnicians 6th by' the Greeks, and of which and 7th, gocxi until Sep. 5th. Call at A sister in the congregation of her spoke Union Pacific ticket office, No. 201' Main foreign name no reason can be given, any more than for the oblivion jof the true one." Temple work .and what a grand Work she Street for any additional information. considered it was. .Exhorted the sisters to Continued.') be kind to one another, and not to judge, At the m Ladies Club'' in Paris, France, but to help and bless one another. Prayed LADIES' SEMIMONTHLY MEETING. God to bless us all. the voting is done in secret session. --The Sister. Catherine Forsy the bore her testi club is open for one month to the aspirant, Minutks- of Ladies' for membership. If her conduct is ap-- . mony ana spoke on. prayer. Sister Meeting hld in jhe Ward Assembly Zmi iomp proved she is then voted in-- ' otherwise she " -- to-bles- - Lxlay.Saiiit-aiid.kjniiiertestiiux)u- s y, ex-amp- le d - . ... . ' . 1 lor-sai- 1 t, .. " . . - - s foot-step- y - .1 . '. -. 1 aiter-ward- 1 r-- . ' : ' - , ..." -- . - Semi-Monthl- th y A ;. . 1 ' 