i, vcJi J1lie . ... EX PONKN-T- r the spirit of d r P :1s" i!;i'1.K;W3s .1me uotk r ti - f on lenm 1.-.- i. ai N. WXJl A ; ''Tj ! ! T 1 ! T Very anxious to continue sp t- rfwtf: drew forth- combined apphusi ' at r,."VllK1 j'prlf and her hearers desisted only after rtola tliemum unless ttiey jdid, saiU-s':cu:id 'vou tL' lUein another story. - ' J ( s.' ' 'i, J Pmh n!!.ni.:r.-.;- to . I:: s: her child. fing lrT he,J caf,,es? ' ( vraii., children rii ! relatives and friends s i j ed all the principles of the GoMi'tl as far ns t y w-- jr revc al.-- to her. She was a .mother to tile i: performing a noble part. All 1h her wasshe cared tendecij1 t 10 r oy rer son. 'I "his wife Sister and rhani Mari-are-t l'i cv s tervas a faithful member of the r, ?.lIJclVlShe was always in attendance whenever her health would permit She was a very . intelligent speaker. She was firm in her convictions for the advancement of women, a .supporter f t. e Exs onlnt and all good works : d IN MHMOklAM. "OU-'I- l lon-obn- ess I - i C)f' KKSI'KfJT. KKSOL'UTIONS . Sister Katherine th' memory of dfe To - - on Hi-kers- April 2, .1S97. at Kanoh, departed t is ed e 'ity years, one iminni ami iwenty-mnShe ...was the daughter 0! Wn.i.im -arid ua)- ' who e. ...lUCKeisou - ' v.is oom 1 JtilK.-- r iciuiwc and was :.. f - -- r- ti.:-.nt- 1 rcii, a baptized Nd;, fame to Utah in S56 into the Ch rch of Jests' Christ of .Latter-day- . Saints. An, 1S57. She was fu'st m an led to S i 1 -- sn her work in this probation and gone to meet those of her loved ones whom she has ol.'iciated or in the Temple of the ,Lord. i be icneral setvict s were held at the family residence, the house was filled "to overflowing with - vnipathetic relatives- and friends. Mishap J. C. Haiison and Counselors were present; many g remarks werr made ' by the presiding officers, of the ward,' eich bore testimony to the tithiu!iK-sof: Sister Trice;' Beautiful '"flowers covered the casket, the hymn ." O' niv' Patherr" was sung by the choir. A large cortege followed the remains to the uard cemetery. "Blessed are the dead that die in the Lord for their reward one Maes by wnom sue n.tu eig.r. cinj-nen- , still mourn lo her three and living daughters s,n son in p'ur.d She was";tfttrv..u!-scaleU ooK; and , lued y m.vriu'e to in .Slur his of years tamdy. f)r a number in the Relief Soc ety. of fiidiful member was and ward anosh K always willing to do the Tb-jma- s : " . " . " ' ' '. . ResolvkD. That we symp at hz. with er 1am- W i further ly and friends KFSi)i-r.D- , Tnat these rcso'ut'ons he recorded in tri KehefS eiefy record-- , and a copy sent to the Woman's Kxponent for pub iction. i i i A-I- R V-- K-K is sure:'' MAFtY C. l'.LAI)i:.V.- r-- REPORTS. tUMMIT of April another of our beloved sisters .and co workers was called from our midst, Sister Mary C. J'dadln.'a pione. r of this place and a member of the Ke!i.. f Society ince STAKI-- " -- - On the 12th day Counselor. Ruth Pack said, " I feel thankful so many of us have fathead here today and I don't feel like some of my sis-- j ters, hd when this meeting is over. I am grateful . for this privilege of meeting with my sisters, it does us good to talk ol the goodness of God and' the Piopliet Joseph whose blood was spilt for this cause. I have seen many mighty works done in' this Church, all the promises arc to the faithful, all things are for our good. The Ford will ojkmi up a way for you it ynt are faithful and come before Him in humble, prayer. May we ever be ibun I faithful is my prayer in the name of Jesus. " It is riot, my Counselor Ann dull" said, fortetp.talk and have not met with my sisters of late, my" duties in life have net been such that I could leave home. The "weak iat mbs-aidwe want to TcHTiJd"'try to .overcoi".ne.t.h.em and build up a character for ourselves and live so the world-wilbe better by our living liefe, 'praying the, Lord to bless us." President Elmina S. Taylor said, " When I left home this morning I did not know you were holding "a Relief Society Conference here Joday, we came to att'jnd the " Voiing I .adie.s Conference" toraorri) wv I" have always been associated with the Relief Society. I came to' these valleys in 1S49, and. have. been associated with Sisters Elia R. Snow, Marinda Hyde, M. I. Home and others, have traveled thousands and thousands of miles with them.' The Prophet Joseph turned the key of knowledge for women; he made impossible for us to meet together and speak of the principles of the Gospel. I say Qod bless 'this, noble band of sisters that administer to the needy. God is not a respecter of ' ,, Euzaekth Hill, Pres't. Fkancfs H. Hanson, Sec. K. S. , l . Kanosh. Apr.- - 21, yeans. " :' losr and read ness at all times to give a helping hand, th.erefore be it d con-,ohn- . Whereas, we acknowledge Her !a;'-!.e- - .1 her duty. . tri;.vj-direction- ; ii'j has -- the Oakley branch as all Interested the been in Avuik, lud only organized two" fc-eliir- ret!.-- faitlnd members 'in the Church, e ;'t--ac- oth(T tuf1 v 1.7) . Minutks of the annual Conference of ; Summit Stake Relief Society held in Hoyts-villmeeting house, May 4th 1897, voaU its first organization Sister Isladen was born in A rehire, Tnl and, mencifig at 10 o'clock 1. m.,. President and became a member of tins' Charch in. that Mary J. - Atwood presiding. Meeting country. She emigrated to Utah with her The has by singing day opened happy Thomas liladen, in the. year is.Si, coming rolled on;" prayer by" Elder James direct to Cedar Cjty. For several years Sister Bladen acted as teacher and allerwarJ.s as singing "Swee.- is the work uas .my God my King." Present on the stand Sister Jones (lately' deceased;) Vrhtt ttlh loved and respected by All who tr;c;rr:: Intt were Counselors Ann ClUlf and Rtilli M. Cd Wit! n of the to lived ; Though having Pack, President V. Y. CI it of lhe'StaJ;er men .ought we to be ? We should teach years she was very active and uland warn President C. Y. Pack and .others'. Mintfles our 'children' the ways cheerfullv eniiiiei' in aummistermg 10 the comforts of thosti around vuthm .two- lomereuce reau anu accej)teu, them of the dangers that surround them.. previous fi e rou called and nine weeks previous to her death, lit r chiuJrvu, It is just as much a duty for "a father to resonded, presidents of whom are residents of this place, 'ere 'with President Atwood said I am pleased to help make home happy as for'a mother; it her at the Jinie of her death; and though, we all takes a father and a mother to make a say., we have the annual ieorts from every realise he, bave a loing mother ami wise pleasant home. If our children go astray it is her gam, and her braneii in the Stake, we number seventeen utinsehr, yet we loving words of comfort cheris'hed'ia their memthey will have to suffer and pay the penalty. blanches, three of them being in Wyomshould obey their parents, they ory mil be as a guiding star in their course through ing." Statistical and financial reports read, Children life. know what is for you best and have a deSUer bladen has lived to see quite a uu rder also the Stake report, verbal reports were sire "to do you good, you should listen' to y 0! her fimily connections., given by the several presidents all the their counsel.-being very numerous'. .We feel to sincerely branches being in good order and the siswith them in their DereUvemeist. Sister Goddard spoke at some length; ters that attended to their duties were unitSec--- . ' Cor. J.C. Mackeltrang, to every call- - and advised daughters to love and cherish -- their ed and were striving to live their religion, several parents while they live, aid their mothers "'.. .SfSTER J SAB ELLA PRATT PRICE. in the cares of home and ma.lce her happy. of the branches being small and the"; memI memory of Sister Isabella Pratt Price who Mothers' should impressible true principles departed this life February 25. She was bers living far apart. 17 uie daughter of I am' well of the. Gospel on .thjKmirids of. these sons President Atwood said, George and Margaret Nelson ratt and .was born in Artnbey, yorkshlre, pleased with the reports, and if I should and daughters that have been born under O ,uber 26, 1824. She was baptized and looks I should say- you all the new andeverlasting covenant, and confirmed a member of the Church, of Jesus judge by your Uinst of latter-dafeel' well. I love to see .sisters feel well, it those that go astray from the paths of virr. atVork-s!'ire- , -Saints, April S, 1S45, shows you are doing your duty and by tue w'ilildiav'eTo suffer and pay' the penalty Sister Price joyfully received the Gospel but doing right we have the good spirit to of w'rxrhg doing. could nu understand the of gathering, nster Julia Woolstenhulme, Celestia . principle help us." uoirgh: the Lord yould save her in England President Elmina S. Taylor and Sister JPack and Laura C. Pack spoke of the great After jyuhout the neccssityLpLfiiH'; to A b lessing5Jthe saintsTijoyaricl of the en- faking the subject a matter of prayer, it as re ThSii (n(dnrd. one of her aids'" in. tuc to her. in a cpuragement we receive to go on and do the' plan o! salvation Y. E. M. L .A , have arrived to atlencKthe 'or the Saints in thedream, Latter days; after, that she Conference of that, association tomorrow. what is right that we. may gain that ex- r'ad no more doubt about the gathering. this altation we have set out for. Apostle Erastus Snow on his way to 'Denmark' They will address us this afternoon, President W." W. Cluff said he was truly 2 o'clock." a in inn prea lied in Bradford. She with Conference will adjourn untjf he Singing4 "Jesus' once otTiumble birth." pleased with the good instructions we had 7jemothers sought a blessing, at his aands, rtJ3 p.rt that she shoo'd go to Mom.. Zionan'd Benediction by. Bishopteargent ot Moyts had today. " We have heard the' report ht s?l?r 5n her father's family, all of which has of all the branches, it shows the good th vole. is ters are doing. Some say I flatter th Riven she left AKTKkNOOissiON. Opened by sing in." tlw ship James England pf October 3, 1850, to ther with the Saints " oy tad:iie world;" prayer by Bishop: t is ters, I don't call it flattery to" eneourag ' ZaTkeT; sTrlgiiirAr .'say...;.tlif '"uuiii appouueu oy uie l.uhj. her Steplien cjjie was' very piace -show7 to. faithful in the performance of h jugs'." nselor Phillips reported iny .appreciation Of the ." tnil'ie e -- ' . . hu.s-bn- d, Wools-tenhultn- : o coun-jelor't- e; - per--w- i--k ttttl-t)f-- nj To ' - eighty-thre- e ' -- her-unt- true-principle- s ; il J j i lo-- t kj-o.- v ''".' great-graruichildre- sym-Pthiz- ; ' readily-responde- d ' ' -- . Ehg-lan- d, y K'-ja- Iul, ca-ric- w . . . - iK" x work, doing all she could f r fer relatives "1. bailte gloriouday 4re-itfei-4h- 4 .k 