154- - r ir.r-- .,. ; ' the peaceful bars of their adopted countries there would be no returning for them, un- , .,. - rt;c iv tlio r.reelc armv." and that XVtli she knew of seven Greek girls who entered Tmc U. 'W. P. C. held its regular meetnow risen have of .them each and the army ing Ma V 29, 8 9 7 a t t h e ofirce of the to the rank of captain. Miss Cbra President Ruth M. IV, x the sentiment of hundreds of mans Exi'Q.nknt, Prayer was offered by Mrs. liberty-lovinpeople in this country when presiding.the roll was called 'nieinlKTs from the Young; she, in answer to a communication snondiiu: with sentiments from N. National League, Greek the of president " Will Willie: minutes of last meeting w.ere rv U the message: following telegraphed Under the head of busir.i Sis in any way we mid accepted be very glad to the matter was discussed as to whether the can. How can we best aid the cause?" is a members should be. assessed lor the of wife the George, King Olga, Queen or whether it should betaken true Greek who loves her country and is froni excuses, Dr. Pratt made .the the club funds. in full sympathy with her people and their motion that each member be assessed cause, but unfortunately she places too which was carried. A much confidence in the military ability of twenty-fiv- was cents, made by Mrs. E. B Wells that motion her husband. She possesses, great personal critic be appointed at' each meeting, the charms and is highly accomplished, and a criticisms to, be read at the following meether most intimate friend is an American ing, which was carried and Mrs. A. M. 'lady who was bom in Washington I). C, Briv.lley was appointed critic for that meetA patroitic person scarcely finds it posPapers on the war bet ween Greece ing sible to imagine any but a true and brave and 'Ij'rkey were read. Discussion opened Greek occupying King George's apartments by Mrs. Dickinson, on Greece, Mrs. Fox, in the-olpalace at Athens that was built Turkey, Mrs. AldT, Greece. 'Discussion in the time of King Otho, for they are decwhich was. very scenes of the followed' by orated with the. and brought out many points. wars of liberation, and the tattered and interesting Mrs. Alder, Mrs. Lambert aiid Mrs. blocd stained flags that were captured at Bradley were appointed a committee on those same wars. Meeting was adjourned .for programme. A true Greek never gets so far from his one month. Benediction by Mrs. DjLin. native land, so rich or so poor, but he reElla W. Hvdi:, Act. Sec. members to send home his remittance to aid in establishing institutions of learning for the rising generations of Greece. The NOTES FROM V IE LARD. Athens University is a magnificent structure, and was built principally by contributions from exiled Greeks, and for this, Dtar Sister Wells: reason it is called the National .University. Thinking perhaps you would like to The men and women who have lived a hear from our Relief Society, take pleasure lifetime of freedom and plenty, would not in sending a few lines to your paper. be so ready to condemn the Modern' Greek Our venerable president. Sister Mary for his want of progress if they would' but Ann Hubbard, now past eighty is e. to r.nt viiVa us nun give ,ns wL put' themselves in. the Greeks place and of aliairs in counsel. She has .been president of the imagine, if possible, the state the laud of Greece, when she has freed Society forty years, she was appointed herself by a fierce &nd bloody struggle from president. January iot 1857, and after the a Turkish move south and. the Saints returned to, their her four centuries of b zhdage-t.ruler. Now that she has su tiered new losses, homes, she was again appointed president. acknowledged her poverty and accepted Her faithful counselors try to make her defeat, there will be those who will smile duties as light as possible and all are united in derision at the results, achieved, but in trying to the good they can. there will always benhose who will have a On the 9th of Aprii a few of the sisters tender. reverence for, and proper apprecia- - nu.t nt iIim nfnn ,,l,. TmtW lion of the people who sanctified the altar and Sister Renshaw, to celebrate their six-o- f liberty by the shedding, of Christian tieth wedding anniversary, taking picnic blood hundreds of years before our own t vvith them, and gave them some piesents beautiful land of freedom was dreamed of,.! that were well appreciated and all had a and they would be glad to join m the shout time, especially the aged couple. "Down with the lurk;" but that may,! pieasmt 0n of April, our general- be, lor Christian Europe is so faringr dayr we met to have a general sociable, divided, and in division there is no strength. an(j after the oneriin beloved 1 p pvprH " oiir It is the dream of France to. possess Greece, President announced that the sociable was .and' England desires Egypt as the British held in honor of Sister Beth-iapur stcretar)', to and each of the other highway India, Fordham Wells, who had performed some have covetous powers design that her duty as secretary faithfullyfor nearly seems to preclude the union that is neces- sixteen Suitable pieces written for years. to the of the power sary vanquish Sultan; the occasion, recitations and singing, alo beside the money power 111 Europe as well an address , by the Bishop occupied a portion i - less the fickle Goddess of chance chose to bestow her smiles upon them. What could teach the natural bravery of the Greeks more than the voluntary ser- vices of their men who have madetheir homes in a land of plenty' and reared their families under, the Star Spangled Banner. Men who have learned to love and appreciate freedom in all that the word implies, and have given up all and gone to die if The old need be for their mother land. f?ag that is 60 dear to every American heart has taken' upon itself new glories for the hundreds of brave men who have sailed to Greece under its protection, for many of those .men' while fighting for their own native land have gone to their deatli luving the flag of their adopted country where they have left all that is dear to them except their love and veneration for the Fatherland. People are rather apUo censure the weak side of any contest , without a. proper "appreciation of the circumstances surrounding the case. They, will, so soon as the one side has suffered defeat, immediately jump to the conclusion that something has been do:e or left undone that might have won fur them the victory. Such criticisms have been made of Greece, whereas the greatest possible amount of ' praise should be unhesitatingly bestowed upon her for lmlng the courage to resent a wrong and go to war in behalf of justice and right, witlfa people whose army was well -- equipped and well officered, was drilled, 'advised and upheld by the Powers of Europe and largely outnumbered the j j g 1 . co-opera- te -- red-rati- on e " -- ' - d the-.members- ', soul-stirrin- g -- -- ( -- - -- " ' Greek forces. Had it been the good fortune or Greece to have conquered her Turkish enemy, whose, men deem it a pleasure as well as an dentil because lioiW ruh s into-instan- , their religion teaches them that beyond the grave there is for them " A Paradise where sensual pleasures shall know no satiety' She would have bestowed a priceless favor on" the civilized world and gained for herself new glories that would have marked, the beginning of a new and brighcer era for But. fate willed it otherwise her people and the Powers had their way, and the' money Kings of Kurope were saved, for the time being at least. Thessaly not being recaptured by the Greeks in the war of 1822 and 1823 but ceded to her by the Turks in 1SS1, has caused more or less dissatisfaction among the Turkish people and that, -- coupled - with their late victory, has. undoubtedly caused the arrogant Sultan to demand the annexation 6f Thessaly to Turkey as part payment of the indemnity more than his love of adding1 to Ijirkish" Territory. The Greek women as well as the men are very enthusiastic and often take part in the wars of tneir country, but if all reports are true they .'have, excelled them . . o do-al- r.ri Iiip ! the-22n- d meet-nev- er h . 11 selves inJthepreseiitconflict as more then one of the unspeakable Turks have fallen by the hand of women. France, Brazil, iCSibaandjOreece. have allJiad their Joan of. Arc, but Greece perhaps has possessed the greater number of women who have taken an active part in the war. Evidently there are but few people in -- Greece at outside of the asMiss Helene Eliopouloy, a Greek army, who; -- recently.' emigrated.-f.tQ-thicountry, says that she has a father, three and twenty- uncles, three brothers-in-la- ,'. 1 .Barton-expresse- j . in. diplomatic circles, and the bond holder must have his dividend, though he be paid in money stained in Christian "blood. Sooner or later there must come a desperate struggle for supremacy between the great powers of Continental Europe- in which England must also become involved, and When the smoke cf ba ttle clears it will be found that the' map ofEurope has , . 1 a t - u r ktry h as bee n anoi divided among the so called Christian nations - the-presehtti- me - 1 oeen-cna4ig- et j 1 1 . - 11 . - ; j last but not least, our President in behalf of the sisters of the Relief Society presented the secretary with a beamiful fur cape, and all said and felt that she had earned it. Her heart was too full of gratitude for utterance. All had an enjoyable time long to be remembered. With kind regards we remain; Z77.7 your sisters in. the Gospel Bethiah F. Wells, Sec'yl Willard, Mav 21, . 1 S91 ; -- 