s jMfA A UTAH'S. GOLDEN DAY. I WRITTEN qved rjtah I'KIK COMPETITION. THE JURILEK KOR 1 1: at,,V on uee . In gladness, in g ory arise, .and appear; UiM,- tue d and jewels now don thee, Th beautiful garments Salute with the name of thy bave Pioneer, Thy Jubilee Birthday, thy Fiftieth Year. come forward to I onor and bless Thy children inI he IH LUi. vvj - t P U j ey th dres--d- anil . , " j I'tah t.t!ul forth, !i(i,lK'1--'- Thy Temples uneaqua With peace, love in. j led; and man. a dwelling and in ocence blissfully need be.of sorrows and dangers, o'er-casand trials with-shadow- t; s thy children, thy friends and thy strangers, Rejoice in thy blessings,far reaching and vast; Thy Go den Day dawning.the past be the past. Yet tell of thy great ones, like Spa tan or Stoic, How Brigham and Heber and YVil ard arose; Je lediah and Daniel and George A. heroic; Hyde, aylor and WoodrufT, the Pratts and the Snows; And others.yet scarcely less valiant than those Today let 4 men with their faithful com- Their wives and their little ones, dauntless and ' '. Who traced the wi!d plains, rugged mountains and canyons, No shelter to find, from the heat or the cold, Too much, dearest Uta,h, can never be told. No Juxur'ous couch, and no - test giving chariot, Were shown as inducements that journey to ". bod, ' ; , - take: s. With Clara and Ellen, and brave ' Mother Har- V . was for And their religion and love's holy sake; thousands have cheerfully followed, heir s wake. i " " nee'.! j kicn;us i THSTT.MONY OF IIKALIXO. ' i F. W. A.S-the- The. subject for the evening was the r tr . The first paper was preUtah Jubilee. sented by Miss Annie Laura Hyde on' "The Pioneers;"- this was followed by a paper on ''The Jubilee,1' by Mrs. Ruth M. Fox. ; i - j i This completed the program: "Under the head of business a motion was made and.carried that the program be prepared by the committee and read before the' club one month befere hand. In accordance with a letter to, the club - from .Mrs. Bradley, asking that the U. W. P. C: appoint a special correspondent to the Review- the secretary Was appointed by After .benethe club to fill that position. diction by Mrs. P. C. Young the meeting was" adjourned for one month. Okiellk Curtis, Sec'y. ' w , n ....j seemed Ipt s eo of my arm when I again became; who and found a few of the, sisters, I were in the house, rubbing my body. crone or absent about two nour aim . fifty minutes o.wiiPnUot utrana ineuthat10 iswdm parawas unable to do so, like one had lost aivits lyzed, especially " ; natural strength. my-'bac- - Chicago the Civil Service Commis: n imt of i? nerinn nn " jTiilv cj nnstpn 1 I sous "eligible for ward and street inspectors, as a result of the recent examination. Commissioner Winston pointed out with pride that the candidate who got the best mark, and 'was almost perfect in her examination, was a woman. This was Mrs. A Emmogene Paul, who was for three years sanitaiy inspector of the Civic Feder-at- i In ' i 1 con-iciou- 1 re evening. time of her departure taking her along, as These she believes, to the --spirit world. are the words of Mary Ann to the writer': " Wheu mother died she held my arm and took me along with her, it seemed not far to fo till we' were walking in a nice grassy in white meeting us, dressed-iuvaiv t; Fiatv i.dip but shaking hands and greeting mother, or care tqr me they seemed not to notice who had died about except my shfr- - was the 'only tw6 years pieviously; me. nuu greeieu one who recognized ana i'cH n rrrn v-- President Fox called the meeting to order at S o'clock.- After prayer, by Mrs. Lucy .A."Ctaik lire. Mcretary clkl tlu roll, members responding with sentiments were from various Utah poets.- but few members present .the. .evening's program was in order before, business. The chair appointed Dr. Curtis 'critic for the . ' nnio who knew mother, they all i ',Atl lonYrili niAtlipr mumn hr verv haODV itli C. T, r, i TT jr. zrzi'im rrrt ca tc We W'alKeu. .aluuiivA u.u. 1 Tin: regular monthly meeting of the U. P. C was held Saturday evening, July at the ulfiee of the Woman's Kxro-NKN- power made manifest. We the laborers in these holy places can testiiv as eve witnesses Tiiar uiaiiy nave received great benefits, and 'many have been healed of "their, ailments by the ad- ministrations of those that were appointed and set apart i to work in these' holy places. Among those who have been Tavored is a young lady by the name of Mary Ann Douglass, whom we wish to mention. Her Mrs: Olroyd of Fountain foster-mothesick nearly ali green, 'Sanpete. Co., was winter and the young lady was her nurse and constant attendant, being, in good health. On the 1st of April Mrs. Olroyd died having hold of Mary Ann's arm at the r 1 , Mauti July 30, the earth and among them the gift uf heal ing the sick has been very prominent. And those who are acquainted" with the work in the Holy Temple, (where many afflicted Saints come 'with hope and lakh to be restored again to health) know the 4-- children, that His priesthood is restored again to the earth with all its powers and privilegei there Unto, belonging, for the. oeneui ami 01 ; of the faithful. ICm.ma R. Kiii.i.iin. 1 Saints know that the Thk LatttT-rdagifts of the Gospel are restored again on sister-in-la- panions", .net,". ; Pi e j their crowned; flowers, fruits, grains and good works, olt excelling; Thy sweet singers rank with the world's most renowned; With" joy and thanksgiving thy soul may abound. U hr;u-- L. L. (ill k k n in ... . ind gT.ul smjle'i Sent h eav e f. wa id. jireetini; fhv - - ' -- - j thywealth and thy beauty unfolding, the Pioneer p 'ive thy rights hriu ex "hnht i' ' cheers j The world is beginning to see they were right; To thy Nation's great heart tho i hast grown a Of oldef; All honor and praie 'to the God of thy Founder.?,; Oh Utah ! resound win the Thy mountains ' sight; Touch lightly, if Thy hardships j0; ch .ne and a rot fur fo d; littlu thought h iw tears;. : j holding To courses and p'ans yhioh were just, ' In itioiiii r pounders " Mastersthy Founders. were zealous delight r in s prolongr" Until in I . l!l-L(!utiL- ' The ' mumd m, j . ; UIH..IS. all this aside, with the d ys that are on g ) swaddled;" Developing early, precocious and strong; From pattern unique ihou wast carefully modeled, As told in the voice of thy cradle-besong; school-days which thy And louder in st-ain- j ' u' .'"'" yet with pleasures enham:- - . d wast "sa'ted j Henceforth, h ippy Utah; thy troah es be few; Ihy 'good tim-- " ap(iro.ich;s;thy juhi ee golden Is charged with rich promises, s.iered and new, For thy ch is and bvely daughters, sons ova ' true. thousands, thy story beginning, Recounts thy good lineage, birth undefiled; and winning Thine infancy healthy,well-favore' Then rich illustration portrays thee a child fyll of vigorous spirits, courageous and wild, thou and huu-e- r. was'dispe! ed, wni e with freedom -- To listening , us l from the tru 1 phrase, the the' sth d May' that sister was brought. to the Mauti Temple where she w;rs blessed and administered to and .also .received her endowments, during which time she was carried through the. lume 'in a chair. She was prayed tor in the Tern-- : pie for t'vo weeks. As the young woman saw no change jn her condition until the 15th inst. some oi her friends consulted a doctor who saw her that day and promised .to collie' in 'two days and see what he could do Hut the Lord restored her, for the next day, on the ibth, she felt tg get up, and to.her great surprise she could walk, and walked that day to one of her friends, ;t distance of four blocks at Kpliraim City, and the distance back making eight blocks, the though she could not walk one-stebefore." 20th On o( May she came the day' .to tiie Temple again to show us all what our Heavenly- Father h d done for her. Dear reader imagine, if you can, the surprise and joy , in our hearts to see Sister Marv Ann, the helpless babe of two weeks Jlani walk in without asMstanceas .though nothing had been the matter. A feeling of our .merciful Father in joy fend gratitude-tiu our hearts and another heaven swelletl testimony was added to the many niven before, that (iod is w,i uum.inuful of His , ! o-ji- K.U! see, 1 What tales sha be to'd by the friends who address thee, What relics and, gifts shall be brought unto thee, To crown thy fair Statehood and show 'thou . art free. ' um p iverty,' -. 1- -m i . i atuUest, thee, In, Orient - wer- - O't d.irk hrs, ould be graiificd, very, uhoslured both th e Ut and tlie On 4 ! . w; 'AorM, thee; 1 ....... living who came uith il . the eyes of the' nations are xn ! ' -- -- 'ii. '. . ; ? 