WOMAN'S EXPONENT its: LADIES' SEMl-MOXTfU- MEETING. A' ball' were the "only surviving counselors. the object of these meetings was to instruct the Relief Society presidents and Said; y Minutks of the Ladies Meeting held .in the 14th Ward Assembly Hall, Saturday, July ioth, "1S97. Singing " Now let us rejoice in the day of salvation." Prayer by Sister Whittaker. SingPresident M. ing 0 Jesus the Giver." She said she felt sorry I. Home presided. to see so few iiere this afternoon, and .uuiv w- vuuiu . auvu illt Mhilia UlUUglll . ... . Semi-Monthl- : and-prepare- - ""r1 r .tr... , n ' 11' rL" Il without the Spirit of God we could do nothing. Said we could stay at home and delve into work until we would lose the desire for spiritual food. Spoke of the saying of the ancient apostles about the last days; read from the book of Tjmothy concerning these prophecies and felt that this chapt .j applied to. us at this time, She felt sorry there were so many Sabbath breakers as there were, and exhorted the sisters to be united, humble and prayerful. Said it was the Saints that .fnulto open" up this wonderful Western land, and explained how the Lord kept this barren 'land in this condition until the time came for the Saints to come here, and now how He had . - 1 m . 1 blessed the land and caused plenty of water to spring forth where ouce'thc-r- was none, felt we were greatly blessed. Urged the sisters to cultivate the Spirit of the Lord. The speaker felt it was a pleasure to serve the Lord and do His will. Prayed the ' : -- j e Spirit of the Lord might be poured out upon us this afternoon to bless us and build us up. Counselor H. J . Stevenson felt we. should not let the moments go to waste. It was a privilege to have the opportunity of meet- ing here. The speaker said we should show by our presence here our appreciation of our noble teacher. Sister Home; spoke jf--ttr on family prayerandlhe necessity if we - could keep ourselves right Thought . n I 11 x' woukk ue great;. our influence ior gooa knew there Was much responsibility 011 the mothers. Said to' guard our actions and our words and prayed the Spirit of the Lord might burn 'within our hearts continually. . Sister Smallie spoke of her appreciation of the Gospel and of her isif to Rexburg, and said they were all a good, clean people, that she never heard a naughty word or saw a bad action, there was not the pride there that there is here. Spoke of the United Order, and felt that the Spirit of the Lord was more to. be desired than any ' i- . , thing else. r could : It was here those.who felt like attending: that the precious jewels weredropped from the lips of our' cherished and dear sisters to teach who were so gifted us. Sister Annie T. Hyde spoke of ' meeting one of the Christian Endeavor ladies, and she asked them what their object was. She told her their object was to do good and relieve the poor. They then entered into a conversation and she explained the principles of the Gospel. The speaker felt impressed to speak of the Sunday excursions, and how greatly they were growing in our midst. President Home felt we had been blest in coming together and said much had been taught, also spoke of our recent visitors, the Christian Endeavors. Made some excellent closing, remarks, and said this meeting would b adjourned for four weeks owing to the Jubilee. Singing, Doxology. - Benediction by Counselor E. Webb. 7 lil . this country, and banks. r-4- 5, :V m . m ...& p. m. j. in. 5:1 . ij 1 except mio'Lijh - X- 2 1:05 4:00 3 45 7:41 j. p. ti:. p. ru; p. ii, p. 9M) p. 4 rill 1(1 III I I mm . w u hi k 1 t copies i Favorite. foTrain Scare ntvl arrive Salt L kc Cily llow, iln tfiett March 18, 18VT): DErART. lor Chicago, Ovcrinii'i Llmfii'' "Th' St. I'aul. Bt. Louis. Omaha. Kana." 7.i0a.in. City. Ienveranl TarkCity... ."The Fat MhIi,." for Chicapo, St. Omaha, Kansas City and . 0, Iuis 000,000 in the State r : ... fi;i5 p.m. Frcm three to twelre hours quicker to all atxve puints than any other Ifiie. ARRIVE: "T '.e Ovcrlauil Liraite'I," St. Loum, Omha, from Kanj-8- ! Chi-cjij;- o. City, r 3 lo p.m. ah.i Park City . The Fa.--1 Mail,' from Chiwo, St. I'uul. Sl Louis. Omaha, Ka 3::Xa.m. City ami Denver . ,TI A IN St. ITVTICKI5T OFFlCi:v-e- I Telepbo- e No. 665. The only lint operating Thnueh Pullman Palaoe Sleeper, Library, Buffet Smoker. Inning: Cars, Tourist 81ejera and Free Reclining Chii . Cars. . 8. II. H. CLARK'. OLIVER W. MINK. iH-nv- - . . - . IVlidmifery Glasses, EVFT T K Y-JLN DFR.SOV, w. ikjane. jon FREDERICK 1 a class in midwiferv everv six months immediately after the semi - annual conference. Special courses of three, months to midwives '".who have been in practice.' Special terms' iven to student s'st'iit r or hv anv Keiiet oocietv. please address- Romania B. in arm uijvtjvuvnj uinnjiruiru Asuxrinrxrinj ru the National Council of Canadian Women, is now in England and is endeavoring- to organize a National Council of Women for Great Britain and Ireland. lntiiK-c- 11. T.-A- the International Council of Women and of s 12:25 p. hi 1.10 p. in 5:10 p. ru, 7 p. m. xJ:t) in. III. 4,1 A. 10:.'5 Arriif (iarflfld. c The Countess of Aberdeen, president of ': a. in, p. IU lf5iry. OUvn's orchestra every afternoon und 'evening Hoatlnp. bathing and dancing. Fare .TV. I)eiot orner Kir.8t Southland Fouiih West., City ticket otliro under Masonic hall, corner Second South ami West Temple streets. D. K. Hl'klkt, (I. 1. & . . ; ;t. in. 15 IUUy It is stated that- women control 130,-00000 of stock in the national banks in - i J:l i d in ICffct Juno Arrive ar field. I.MV H.lt Zina H. Bull, Sec'y. j Crti Tim -- R, COUDERT, Receivers. P ' IX)MAX, G. P. & T. Apt. E. DICKENSON. Gen. Mauajrer. II. M. CLAY, General Agent. E. L. ar-ticula- rs - Pratt, Constitution Bld.Main St., Salt Dike City. R.K. THOMAS Removed to 48 and 50 Main RELIEF SOCIETY NOTICE.. Will the Secretaries of the Relief St SALT LAKE CITY. Soci- Howe said she ety of the Salt Lake Stake of Zion testify to the truthfulness of the remarks of please send in their reports immediateThe Sister Smallie, for she had known her ly to Margaret Y. Taylor, 13 South 1st for many years and knew what she said West St. Salt Lake City. came from her heart. Said the blessings of trie uospei were many, ana ieii 10 manic OR, SHIPP'S SCHOOL LllS and the . her heavenly Father for prophets Said many gifts that were in the Church. these meetings were the happiest meetings The Winter session of Dk. Ellis Sister Smallie. to bless attended felt and she : i. Shut's Sehool in Obstetrics and Asked God to bless us all. will H)eKin. October lltb, Sister Crow made a few remarks and Xui'siii CHOW CHOW. spoke of the things the Lord had- blessed 1897, at lierl:esKlence, 75 Center her with, that she worked hard but felt to street witlr jrreaii v 2 qts. small onions, 2 qt.' cucumbers, 2 faciliimproved out her trust in the Lord. Said she was ?qts. cauliflower, i qt! green beans 8 qts. ties in for instruction this important green peppers. Soak in brine 24 hours, blessed with a family of good children; full . bless God to For., us.all study., prayed particulars, please then scald enough vinegar to cover, pour " Sister Alder bore testimony these meetaildress For sauce over and let it stand 24 hours. twenty-seven.were : organized years ings vinperar to tablnOOnfUlS 01 - take o nt FLLIS R. Sflli'P, ago by President Young in this building. mustard, 4 tablespoenfuls of curry powder, 7.5 Center Street. . She was here at the time Sister Home was 4 of flour 2 oz. celery seed, 1 cup of. sugar, r president and had" Sis cook until clear then" pour over the pickles. 'Sister Julia C. Leading Retail Gasli .1 R.E.THOMAS - - : X , - r ., - ; seven-counselo- rs. ouse 