I crannies, following along picturesque by finds a "continual unfolding of new ' Among other rarities the delights. shrinking sensitive plant, and a wondrous variety of delicate ferns. Most of' the useful and onnmental growth of the tropics flourish among.the deep foliage of the hills, some of strong ;'ma rugged growth which may be utilized for canoes and building materials. The bread fruit, ohiei, guava, -- . bananna.papaia.mango.tamarind.orangean other trees are clothed in perpetual green, with stately palms between them and the sea, gracefully bending their broad leaves l)efore the oceanblown breeze. The valuable and fragrant sandal wood once flourished on the plateaus and hill slopes; but in early commerce with the whites it became an article of exchange with the Chinese and to gratify the avarice tif King Kalakaua, to bedeck his royal self wives wth Oriental silks and and velvet, this classic and stately tree was A forlorn little swept "from the islands. shrub with a faded pink blossom struggling for existence in some forgotten spot is all that remains of what Was once a source of Where the Hawaiian wealth and pride. "lois" of thriving, taro and sweet potato were once the natives care, the cane and coffee fields bespeak the prosperity of the progressive "houri." Native products as well as the people bear evidence of deterioration. Since the advent of cheap calicoes and shoddy cloth the Kanaka no more estimates his wealth by his kapa cloth and mattrasses of beaten bark and woven rushes. This little archipeligo was a stranger . to the civilized world until the closing years of the last century and the race for many years exchanged mo word or Their product with the rest of mankind. ancient to the Cushites be traced origin may fWvrabiand-lhkJ- e the story of the Jewish Genesis; their in7plementsbn industry and war were made of wood, stone et crude as they were, t with them they fought great battles, erected temples to their gods, and constructed, barges and canoes which they navigated by the stars. After the custom of the ancient Israelites they built places of refuge, and submitted to th: decrees of the prophets, firmly believing in their revelations and prophecies. The elements were symbolized by deities, aud today after sixty years of Christian teaching, when their temples are destroyed and their priesthood dethroned in a great measure, belief in their gods still remains. Many of the natives still throw offerings of fruit etc. into the lurid depths' of the a wjul , ever restless caldron of Kilauea, many of them, too, sitken, grow weak and pale under the conviction that one possessing priestly power is offering prayers and incantationsfor:their-tleatpoi-fe- d - aud-bon- e, super-stitious- ly h. - "Pele," a deity possessing great powers, was greatly dreaded and feared. Her abode, was on the island of Hawaii in the lava caves and' fiery crevices of the different volcanoes, visiting each at her pleasure. Her auger was easily evoked and she vvould cause streams of burning lava to flow ,from her volcanoes upon the lands of such as neglected to feed her craters with suitable offerings. Sometimes she would clothe herself iu the form of a beautiful woman and seek human association, and many are the romantic, stories of her love affairs and dar-- . ing escapades. In 1791 a portion of the army of Kecma near the crater. r:otkh auea was suffocated and Pele was accreditA of work. ed with, this drHWul ) more recent exibition:of her"powers occtired in 1SS2 in the village of Hilov a devastating stream of lava from Menna L01 had swept miles or more and downward twenty-fivits line of descent was slowly bin steadily approaching the little town. Much labor was expended iii precautionary efforts and many fervent prayers were- offered, and still the dreadful avalanche of. fire continued Ruth, a creeping onward'and downward. sister of the late Kamehamehas, was then living in Honolulu and' learning of the threatened danger, chartered a steamer and with her retinue left for the terror stricken Hilo. Upon arriving she declared that Pele would not refuse to listen to the prayers of a Kemehaha, saying "I will save the An altar was built fish ponds ofHilo." upon an elevation back of the village and Here facing the still moving flow of lava. she made her supplications and offerings to With confidence the wrathful goddess. and dignity she descended the hill and returned to Honolulu; and with, her departure the stream of fire ceased in its onward course and the rough, glistening wall of black lava stands an evidence of JVle's wrath and the faith of the stern, proud, old chiefess, and though the temples of the years goddess were distroyed many, many 44 the 'tis natives before, still the whisper work of Pali." Moving by way of of the Samoan and Society Islands a great migratory wave Hawaiian shores about the reached the middle of last century. Naumala, a distinguished chief, was. the first to arrive from the Southern isles. Other chiefs followed and for several generations they lived sequestered lives with no exchange whatever with the rest of the world. During intervals of several hundred years other mig ra tory-- 1 ides1-- ca me- - s wee pi g frotii Ihe- southward, and romantic and political con flict give plentiful material for legends of valor and romance. - - -- On - December iSth, 1877, Captain Cook, an officer in the English navy, sighted Oahu aud upon landing was received by the people as a reincarnaThe priests led tion of their god Lono. him to their temples and accorded him divine "honors. However, petty quarrels between the sailors and the natives resulted in more serious trouble, and finally Captain Cook 'with four of his men were killed, but not eaten, as so many are disposed to believe. It is not true that the Kanaka's were ever Cannibals. When the question was put to them by Captain Cook's men they were horrified, and asked in return if .such was the custom among the whites. There is no existing evidence that they ' ever ate human flesh. In 1820 the first party - of Christian -- mis-sionaries arrived at the .Islands from Mass achusetts, they were well received .and found the work of conversion easy. Other missionaries followed from time to time, acquired-home- s and substantial possessions and controlled .the government, and their descendants are now among the 'prosperous and influential of the Islands Churches, schools and printing presses have .been established and the native language has become a written one, a growing business interest has been developed as the years have passed, modern homes have supplanted to a great extent the primitive hut. The steam fire department, the grass rail, way, the telephone and " the7 electric ligh -- e . - . . 11 -- ' . nil betokens the movr c,..trm . ' V 1 '" r native is slowly, roundings the The loathsome and' but surely sinking. carried thither by the .incurable leprosy their blood, and in their Chinese taints peaceful conflicts With other forces they have become a dsvindlnig, thriftless footsteps are Incoming weaker on the beach', and the echoes of their weird "nicies", and songs of aloho are growing fainter and fainter among the fern clad hills. To them and' their romantic ,pastr their legends and sweet, simple music we" can only say "alalia and aloho nui." dark-skinne- d face.-Thei- r wave-washe- d M. A. J. Lamhkkt. W. P. C. IT. MlNtTKS of the U. W.' P. -- C. held President Fox called the meeting to order at the usual time. August 1S97. "31, Prayer was ojTered by Mrs. K. B. Wells, roll call answered by sentiments on 'Summer." Minutes of last meeting read and approved. Business was first iu order: Amendments to Art. Ill Sec. 3 and bylaws, Art. 2 of the constitution of the .1". F. W. C. were submitted by letter by the Woman's Club and read by the secretary. A motion was iliade by Dr. Pratt and seconded by Dr. Ferguson that the amendment to Art III. Sec 3, as submitted by the Discussion of Woman's Club be accepted. Intermission Dr. Pratt's motion followed. was taken to .partake of dainty cake and nectar from the grape, a pleasant surprise After the to the club from Dr. Pratt. intermission Dr Pratt withdrew her motiun and a motion by. Mrs.. P. B. Wells, seconded by' Mrs. Dickinson, was. substituted; that these amendments be hid on the table till next meeting. Carried. Mrs..F:. B. Wells called the attention of !hfr1nh"tn Win res by Miss Ackerman at the Tibernacle and Ivyceum. Dr. Shipp was appointed critic for the . 1 evening. The program was as follows: Dr. of Present the Dav." "The'Press Curtis.This was followed by a discrission of this topic by the members. "Dr. Shipp was excused from reading her poem, Mrs. Hyde and Mrs. Kimball were not present, and were fined accordingly. The two papers were to have been 'Woman as a Nurse in War," and "The Work of Newspaper Vomen." A paper on "Jean Ingelow" by Mrs. Iovsey was sent' Discussion of and read by Dr. Ferguson. this theme by members. Mrs. Dickinson moved that a vote of thanks be extended to Carried. Dr. Pratt for her dainty feast. The chair appointed Mrs. Brown, Mrs. Dickinson and Mrs. Schiller on- program committee for the next two months. Bene- diction by Mrs. Stephenson and meeting ' for Sentiments adjourned for one month. ' September from Mrs. Browning. 1 . 1 - , ' -- . - :: Orielle Curtis, Sec. Miss Maria Louise Pool" is one of the small band of NewJEngland women writers who in the past few years have done so much strong and original work. Her first novel 'Roweny in Boston, ' ' showed skillful handling, and its locil coloring made it a story of unusual interest. Miss Pool was born in Rockland, Mass". The medical department of the Illinois State University has, decided 'to open, it doors to women. " - 