S remunerative; "thought v., fcSsL ;V l'rusideni Zina IV f afso its beingoursevxs '' ex: was Robinson and and try ..to get: em. afternoon, 'Bishop should .bestir inartV H ceedingly thoughtful and kind in providing for the horses, as many of the sisters from regretted . r them grow up in idleness; was gl.1(i a letting come irom who had of sisters the railother settlements came with teams, ' many needed rest, as ;the sisters in Cache had made, sucli efforts and were distance . weary uleuti-fulroads not being convenient or money the. next to establish sericulture but realized that St. Conference General the Of ojtied Sister .Ellen D. Clark, President George and the' Southern part of the Strata could therefore scarcely expect morning, the Relief Society at American Fork, prewas best adapted to this important could" come out in the evening. they or for ' thirty pared ; a sumptuous dinner of the Relief. Grant Susan President 6f and more the sisters brethren, though Sister Zina Y. Card talked about honu made a brief report few a were but there brethren, 'it being Society of Davis' S'ake, referred to her father's vomk; seed time, probably they were in the fields of the Society in that County and expressed industries; comBrigham Young), .when he said at work". Sister Zina Young was in one of her great pleasure in the good work; in the (President the elements were full ol silk, it was in the mended the officers and members her most eloquent moods, and as the Con said they air, and if we persevered in following his fere nee was numerously attended it was several branches in that locality, and on hand to obey counsel; teachings we could do much towards our very gratifying to have the President of. were diligent The speaker alluded this great organization present, to hear her rejoiced in the faith of the Gospel and the own maintenance. work of the Society. eloquently to what might be accomplished, and no doubt they appreciated the privilege,-Win this direction not only in sericulture, but Sister Annie I). 'Hardy, representative exj)ect to have the minutes taken to .from Mexico .spoke cheerfully and in an in cultivating hops, starting vineyards ,'. publish in the next issue of the paper. the grape vine; added this vine interesting manner 01 uiecuuuuj, uic.uii.-If. w have dune lhtc lliitrgs-thttreOnk of the sad things in eonuectionviTh s;on undertaken bv the people m that local-- ' the death Home, Jthe L?ged JityT-an- i the.gootf i.eling that prevailed; rich, arid if we have not then we, are to patnarcn who departed this life" on Tuesday re'ferred to the Societv in PachecO of whichTblame, for not listening" to counsel; lather de she was President, but said there were not had a large house built on the silk farm pnl27..at3.p,.miiwas the sudden mise of the twin boys of Brother and Sister enough.older sisters tohavea meeting with- - where there were thousands ot mulberry. Tiugey, the following day. .They were out mixing with the young ladies; they had trees;" described the silk farm, and tofd us Brother Home's randGhildren by hisdaugh- - planted out mulberry trees in Mexico and ..that her mother lived there for a time and ter Martha and the last official act of his life hoped to be able to do something in serieul- - how she .had become attached to the silk worms, though shrinking from them in the priesthood was blessing one or tnese ture. Sister Hardy was very encouraging at first. Sister Card thought we as a pc on the Sabbath morning, when in her remarks and manifested an excellent they were eight days old, April 8. He spirit; sooke in terms ot praise of the sisters, j pie. had made too much o" tlie things of was taken 'sick the .same night and from and of the efforts-beinmade by them to be this world;' and thought too much of the business of the world, and of riches and that time gradually declined; until the hour helpfufaud also faithful in the Gosiel of his departure from mortality." The twins President Adeline S. Barber, Relief Soci worshipiiig the things of the world instead were named Weiler and Stafford Home ety Cache Stake, felt to be spurred on to of seeking after spiritual things, thought it. was displeasing in the sight of the Lord. Tiugey and were nineteen days old; both make efforts in industrial as (veil as spiritdied on the same day only a few hours ual work; repor tea 7,000 bushels rff grain The speaker urged the mothers to teach there and stated that, three .more .granaries their children that it was a disgrace to live..' apart. The funeral look place on Thurs day, April 29, and 'Brother 'Home was uad recently been ouiit in tne Make, tie off their father after they were of age, they bu.ied the following day, Friday, April thought that the sisters had a" raii,-- j' should be learn a trade or ' e ieel coniident that our sisters will 30. raise silu stX)ke of seudine; from go out and take up land and be indepen- in this p t0 deeply sympathize with-tBrigham City for mulberrv leaves." in dent., Thought the Relief Society should faith their doubje bereavement, and exercise in, felt tint place (Logan) they had reeled their have a house of their own in behalf of those who 'mourn that tuey silk. and it brought a good, price. Sister iKJsitive we would and wanted it to come y FitesUy-prablTamTlmtud.-and ve mtiea sisters whu were with us may "Bather lud a dream about the laisiug of silk be foil been who has mother the fojr young and it had come to pass; nine girls had been now and who had borne so much, passed; called to part with her little sons that she taught, to reel up there, they had made a away. and to restored le health, may speedily window curtain of silk for one of the winSister lv.sB. Welt.--, read the total of the to from near on draw the high angels may'' A brother dows of the Logan Temple. statistical and financial reoort of the Relief her and ma she be able and willing to who manufactures under clothing will buy. Society for the year 1896 and made same an the reeled silk the Society can spare, explanations in reference to the acknowledge the hand of our Heavenl) growth and Father in this sore affliction, knowing that Sister Barber told of the efforts made in a progress of that magnificent organization He doeth all things well, and knows what small way by 'little donations" and saving which reached around the world, and had is best for His children. j Sunday eggs to help on sericulture, the benefited so large a number temporally, ' ' Wtip iiui for iho-- whom the vail of t e u.:tii) Lord had blest their efforts to start the silk morally and spiritually. Reported concernIn life's happy morninj; lias hid from our eyes industry; they had made some silk stock- - ing the branches of the' Society, upon" the Ere siii threw a blight o'er their spirits young i ings, pillow bee an'' a shawl; these things islands of .the S. a; paid a glowing tribute to were exhibited to the sisters. Sister Bar- - the, labors on the Sandwich Ishmds of the bloom, her convinced all present of her interest in late Sister Libbie (1r earth had profaned what was born fur-- the Noall, and mentioned the home manulactilre and her; energy in her branches European countries, and made Soc'ie tylf tern pora Lai id: reference' to the Organizations effect-- i : V spiritual. ed during the--' jkisI year in Chicago and GKNHRAL RHLIHF SOCTlvTY CON President Aim ,C. Woodbury, Relief Sacramento, and also in reference, to the ; FKRKNCK. Society, St. "George. Stake, felt sure they Society being connected With, the National had a mint in sericulture, realized it would Council of women of the United States and KvHNiXG Skssion:; April 3, commeTic-in- g be a benefit to them in taking care of the felt it was a great step in advance, did not at'7.30, President Zina D. H. Young poor and providing wbik for those who understand why any one should object to ' presiding, Counselors Jane S. Richardimd were able to do,a little towards their own the name'National being added, especially Bathsheba W, Smith on the;, .stand , also support. To illustrate the perseverance of as the Society was both national and inter- president Charles O. Card and Sisters M. the sisters, Sister Woodbury told usr one ' national before we took the name. " Sister B. Tratt, Tasked the Bishop "fbrTTtenaliffT Isabella Home, E. B. Wells, Wellslltought every young sister should Y . : Card Zina and several Presidents of wanted it on a lease for fiftyel'fsTioTjlt'iid'' enroll her name w i th he Kelief Society a utl the' Relief Society from the differentTS takes a granary and she got it, and then built assist in. the charitable work; also made of Zion, some from a great distance notably the graUary with the help of the Society. some telling remarks Upon the silk Indus--trySister Mary L. Woolf, President Alberta Sister Woodbury also urged the sisters to thought it more desirable Cthah- a gold Stake Relief Society, Canada, tnd:Sister be faithful and work- for their dead. I mine, the work was much easier and .not President Zina D. IL Yduiier snnlr Annie Hardy from Pacheco, Mexico, who dangerous; hoped we could all of us have first sermon President Bridiam Yonncr "silk the represented Juarez Stake Relief Society, dresses and other necessary apparel of Conference opened with singing "O say I preaclied hgre in the valley - and what he what is cZ-sO- . ,th;- - prayer was offered by .said of the air?beig; filM with the Elder- - Charle continued. I Stake." Canada;- ... frintmarks, - I home'-Industry- " . e -- and-als- - Tc ! ; " 1 ; -- : j ; twiu-babie- s -- 1 ! self-supportin- j g, Lm 1 to-mee- t . the-age- d , -- , . " j . i e ; 111 workJnheie j -- , , -- - , ,. , - . , I Card,-I'rideIKftaTmalk;;- -- orhts? -- tmnJ : J " - "c----- -- r ' . 