.WOMAN'S EXPONENT. -- -- Wales by Ictteis to Stake Counselor4 "A; L. Cox-- ' Manti North Ward, Stake Counselor Shoemaker: Manti South Ward, Prest. Esther Anderson; Mayfield, Prest. Matilda Olseni Spring City, Counselor Counselor JohanNancy Acord; Milburn and na Anderson; Fairview, ' ' Indianola not reorcsented. Prest. M. Al'Hyde felt thankful to hear such favorable reports and to see so many present. Noted the signs of the times, and spoke of the large number of missionaries as having peculiar being sent to the nations " " stgnificaucer;She was pleased" to see the ; spirit of kindness and charity that was exist ing among the sisters of the Stake. Prest. M. I. Home of Salt Lake City, expressed herself as being delighted with the favorable reports from the various wards. Said-thmission of the Relief Society was not alone to administer to the wants of the needy, but to save souls and to build each other .up in the faith. Urged the sisters to , ...1 .1 -1 l' 1. 10 mx iu exnon meir wwks aim nusoanub be kind to them. Said that like the Apostle Paul she had nothing new to tell, but she thought it profitable. that vAi have our minds stirred up by .way of remembrance; also considered it very necessary that we attended our meetings iu order to make a good record, for we are told in Holy Writ that we are to be judged out of the books. Singing. "Now let us rejoice." Benediction by Bishop Andrew Heldtsedt. 8 rrrdized that it had been a blcssH.tr in many ways, made other excellent remarks and the labors of the tore a good testimony-osister:, in the P.clicf Society. President Zina I). II. Vung spoke of the of. tji.e. sisters sus"Exponent," the need thirni-..-tosubscribe. taining it and urged Spoke of Joseph's teachings to the Society, his prophecy with regard to the great work the sisters would do and felt his words were West the sisters asbeing fulfilled now. sembled and felt they would go home stronger spiritually and be able to administer "in .their own wards to tint sisters, and" grow wiser and better. s Elder L. John Nuttajl exhorted the to make some exertion in reference to of employment and referred to the bureau labor established ih this city at the April conference, said our condition is much better now; Bishop Preston has charge of this business and is prepared to. find employment..' 'Spoke also of the "Exponent" and urged the sisters to do as much as possible to sustain it, made some definite suggestions Brother" for their action in the matter. Nuttall referred to the course of instruction to secretaries in keeping, their books that-wadecided upon at the conference in April, thought,, that the officers of the Stake should make arrangements to have all the several branch officers assemble in some two or three places in the Stake and get the necessary information that there might be a uniform system in the matter of book we would be prepared at any time to have our books examined. Brother Nut-tal- l was willing to give the needful instruction, and to travel in any of the Stakes with the president when arrangements could be made; spoke of the grain and that the priesthood were with .the sisters in this matter, and the wheat was not to be interfered with 1 but left until needed ..'.. f ' . " . 1 4 Afternoon Session: foundation." firm a -- ; Singing "How Stake Counselor Minutes of the Sanpete Stake Relief Society conference held at Gunnison, Sep. io, 1897 Prest. M. A. Hyde presiding. Singing ''Earth with her ten thousand flowersi" Prayer by Bishop C. A. , new-war- utes of previous conference read and approved g - for-carp- et , "ATnrCox7Acl. Cor. bee. stake. summit Minutes of the conference of Summit Stake Relief Society held in Peba schoolhouse, Sep. 7, 1897, President Mary J. At wood presiding. Meeting was opened by singing "We thank Thee 0 God for a Prophet." Prayer by Bishop Stephen semi-annu- al Walker. ' Singing from Sunday School Hymn book. Present on the stand wre Counselors Ann ClufF'and Ruth M. Pack, President W. W. ClufT of the Stake and Counselor Edraond Eldredge, several Bishops and others. Minutes of conference held at Hoytsville read and accepted; roll called and six presidents and one counselor responded.. Verbal" reports of the seven branches given as in good condition, holding their religious meetings regularly once a month, performing all duties pertaining to the Relief Society in general with a good spirit manifest. Counselor. Ruth M. Pack said "This is a good place to sit and think "over the past few weeks of our fives and see how we stand, and to think of the Prophet Joseph,5 the great work he laid the foundation for, the Gospel of Jesus Christ, this is what has brought us here to the"valleys of the mounV tains. ehav e passed - through . m any trials. I remember while camped on there were nine children born in one night. The' ground was covered with snow and it was very cold, there wTas great suffering but the Lord watched overr his - . the Father, Prest. M, A. Hyde spokfc of timidity,-busaid also that we are not heard for our much speaking but by the spirit which prompts our words. Said the young should not be educated that they7 will feel ashamed of honest labor. Said that God and knowl edge combined in Wing the work of the Lord would be productive of much good. Sister M. I. Home was much interested in the subject of storing grain, as it is a mission that has been placed upon the andx hoped the sisters of this Stake would be diligent in performing this duty. Spoke of the children, said "they are the hope of Israel," and urged the mothers to sis-ter- d of Centerfield, formerly known as Gunnison Field, with "Sister Hyams as president; On Saturday afternoon a very interesting meeting was held in Manti. The speakers were Sisters Hyde and Home,' Sister Johnson of Fountain Green, and also Prest. Maiben and Prest. McAllister.' J t ' ". On Saturday morning a branch of the Relief Society was organized in the Abigail Shoemaker was the first speaker. s Said we were here to make a record for and hoped we would be more diligent. Referred to the beautiful harvest and the necessity of storing grain especially now that many of the inhabitants of the earth are threatened with famine. Thanked the sisters. for their ready response to the forJLheJIem ple rail Stake Counselor Lizzie B. Allred, of the Primary. organization, reported the work in Said the officers desired he field of labor. a larger attendance, and felt that the occasional presence of the mothers would encourage boththose. presiding and the chil- . SAN PET I; STAKE. . , - - dren, R. S. REPORTS. " . . . -- -..- Stake Counselor A. L Cox hoped that the eisters would be more diligent in attending the meetings of the Society, and that they would strive earnestly to overcome their timidity that they might arise and bear testimony. Referred to the signs of the times and the necessity of being continually on our guard to resist the wiles of the adversary. Besought the mothers to gain the confidence-otheir sous as well as their daughters, and sjrive to impress upon them the necessity of keeping the commandments "and living thejr religion; and that havir good time "should be in doing the will of . L. f follows,-accordin- , -- years. Sister Richards dwelt upon "charity and kindness to the poor and to each other, felt there was much to make us sorrowful and we needed kind words, and to be forgiving to each other. We should pray for Sister Zina, we want her' to be strong; also explained about the book, keeping". SingConference adjourned uning, Doxolog til April.U Benediction by Sister M. I. ,IIorne. E. B. Wells, Sec. Prest. M. A. Hyde made opening remarks. The different branches of the Relief Society were represented as to the roll call Ephmini North Benedicta Prest. Ward,,. Hansen; Ephraim South Ward, Prest, Ellen Dorius; tain Green; Prest. Polly A. Johnson; Fayette, Prest. Eliza Bartholomew; Gunnison, Prest. Helena Madsen; Mt: Pleasant and . bis our-sehe- t-J- obedience, to ... xwve and to tiiem baptized Lva-Temple- , n JddnrcL.-j.i- a te.dlmefl v. Preside n the word she had received from the Presi dency in regdrd to changing old wheat for hew, and getting interest on it because it would shrink." Bishop Hunter had said if it were well taken care of it would keep many ' 1 r : e . -- -- . sis-ter- keep-ing.jthe- - . L. wllen eight yUi; old, lest the J,oul lioia us accountable .our neglect.. Said, woman's highest mis v;,.,, was to be a mother, and eulogized thc 'iuu l r?.. home where love and unity prevail, lated some:of her recollections of the iVj. Said, he was childlike Iu phet Joseph. demeanor, but was a lion to evil-duCalled attention to, the fulfillment of Lis prophecies, and also the prediction of Pk t . Woodruff at the dedication of the Salt in the - She was interested of the times and in the progress of woman's work. Prest.. Nancy Acord felt the good influence of the meeting and realized the bentlits of the sisters conference. Thought 'if we should love iuh knew each other better ' other more. ,Bi4iop C. A. Madseu testified to the gu d Invoked spirit prevailing in the lheetjng. the blessing ol Heaven 'upoir the sisters, that their good works might continue, in. crease and multiply.Bishop Andrew Heldtsedt of the new ward of Ceaterfield bad been much strengthened by 'the testimonies and good words of the sisters. Testified that in his experience the more we had to do in forwarding the work, the more joy and contentment we have. Conference adjourned for three months. .Singing "Guide us O Thou Great Jeho. Austin Benediction by vah." Kearns. St-rli- ng, . s . .S : Sugar-Creek- s, ' people." 4i : 