l'.U ..... y UTESolf "the Ladies Meetiuj? held, jnjhe 14th Ward Assembly Hall, August 20, 1H97, Vresident M. I. Home presiding. Singing "Redeemer of Prayer by Sister Wright. Sing-ing"ye 'mountains high." Minutes of ' previous meeting read and accepted. President Home said another two weeks had rolled around, and we were permitted A sister had said to come together again. she thought when she, Sister Home, passed .away these meetings would end, but there Israel." thankfulness. Sister J. T. Carrington spoVe 'air' 'm i , hhnr an f vfriprid' Her reatest wish on the Patriarchal order - of, marriage and 'curing her.sickness was lhat sjijp.ul.d have .tone o the Temple o the Lord and continued the" the benefit of these meetings; bore her testilabor of love which "he h ul ommenred; b it the mony. Another sister spoke of the goodgreat Father wilLd ir otherwise, and the wo k re-of ness of God to her and prayed-foAunt redeem ng the dead is left to the childr, the law of main behind her. Sielnd acccpte Zina and Sister Home.: will be anions celestial anJ her reward Sister Home closed by. saying she was those wh marriage sacrifice. She of have lived the law edified with the testimonies of the sisters. was faithful to the end and as such will have a Lord dismiss us with Thy. bless- crown of 'immortality and eternal life in the manSinging sions of the ble. Tneref ie be it ing." Benediction ,by Sister Clara C. Can Resolved, That we as a Relief Society have non, lost in Siser Bromley an ever wi ling unker and M. Y. Taylor. wise counselor, that w esteem htr memory and 1 Semi-Monthl- Jtof . r O I I. were others who felt the importance of these -- deplore her loss, . and we pray our Heavenly Father to b!e-- and comLrt her family in their grent bereavement and s meetings, and felt her usefulness was not These meetings were a lived out yet. great blessing and she hoped we would all feel the necessity of attending. Spoke of the great plan the Prophet Joseph Smith had formed in turning west, and Brigham Young had carried out, and we were" now IN MEMORIAM. ELIZAlVETH ISOLA MORRILL. 1 si-t- er . ; ber asso-ci-'te- d-r- en s. A sister in the congregation bore her testimony and said she had many1 things to Another sister in the be thankful for. congregation felt she Would be condemned if she did not express her thankfulness to her Heavenly Father for His goodness. She knew the Lord blessed the sisters in these meetings. Sister Frink thought we lost our interest when we stayed from our meetings; expressed her gratitude" to God in leading her blessthrough the struggle of life, and the ings of the Gospel. A. sister in the congregation bore her of &mny juid gave her expression, : I hat-the- se . - enjoying "their labors. Spoke of .the. who had been gathered out and the Gave the indifference of the people now. ' parable "of the sower, and would like to live to see Zion purified.. Made many instructive remarks. Sister Davis knew the Gospel was true; needed a blessing and thought she would receive one today. Sister Phelps, knew the words of . the prophet had been fulfilled, we had of experience and we ought to be better people. Spoke of the indifference of the rising generation, our lackof faith in healing, and hoped the Lord would help all those who made the effort to do right. Sister Maria B. Barnes had been forty-tw- o SISTER ELIZA G LYONS. . years in the Church, her faith had been strengthened by the healing of her Sister Eb'za G. Lvon whose death occured on 30'h of June, i8q7, was the daughter of Geo. daughter; had been prayed for in the the H.Goddard She was horn in LeicesHouse of God and been restored, wanted to and Etizibeth At the age of ter, Englan t, October 20, 184L do what was, right and bore a strong testiher with left parents October 11, ten she England bv way of New Loui in St. TeeT anH arrived . mony. They! and Mississippi JRjverJfcn. 1, 185 Sister Julia C. Howe said the greater Orleans for Salt Lake City june 9, ano arnvea at "started efforts and sacrifices we made, the greater the litter place September 15, 1S52. our blessings would be. Felt it was our duty She was always an obedient daughter, kind and to speak of the goodness ofGod.quotedfrom generous sister, and fulfitted well her part .a.beHer usefu'ness extended Book of Mormon and said the sisters wife and mother. the 1SS9 she became In ' yond the home. needed to be missionaries as much as the treasurer Relief Ward 12th Society, at the of the ame time acting as visiting teacher, which optbrethren, and they had a work to perform her death. With in Zion: She was trjiug to redeem her ion she held up to the time of these dutes fulfilled patience she kindred dead, and felt blessed in . having jun'nessand and will ever be held in kind and affectionate rethe testimonies of the sisters. membrance by those with whom she was looked had Counselor. E. J. Stevenson In the death of Sister Lyon the Society loses a forward to this meeting, as she had been officer and member, and her sudden She had been in the most faithful absent from the last. is a great grief to all her rela'ives and depirture so had she felt and e forty-threand nine chi Church years asochtes. She leaves a husband much to be thankful for; felt to acknowlto mourn her loss. She rests from her lab irs will follow her edge the hand of the Lord in all things, and her works Julia A. Druce, Pres't ' and knew that those who had attended Annie Kingsbury Sec'y. She these meetings had" grown in. grace. SKETCH AND RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT Let us felt the good spirit that was here. To the memory of Sister Elizabeth R. Bromley uphold Sister Zina and Sister Home in residence in American Pork, our prayers. Spoke in regard to mothers who died at her Elizabeth Roylance Brom'ey wai a watchful care over their children July 9 1897.26; 1842 in Iowa and came' to Utah " having Dorn Aug. and praying for the boys that were on with her pare its m 1850, and settled in Spring-vili- e mis-sion- res duti ns be placed be a sent to trie family conv our records upon and one to the Woman's Exponent fur publication. Resolved, With loving remembrance we record the demise of Sister Elizabeth Isola. MorriM, who departed this life July 29, 1S97. She was born in She was the Iron Co., Utah. Sep. 30 1S64. : nd Sarah- Stoker. Homer Edward of daughter Davis. The 28th of January 1SS7 she .was mar' ried to Homer Morrill of Junction, Piute Co-- , Four small children are left to learn Utah. through the keenest sorrow he loss of a mother s unselfis.h love. A husband is bereft of a faithful companion for whom, he will. ever mourn., A fond mother, brother and deeply grieve the loss of a daughter and s;ster. Sister Morrill was an active member in the Relief Society, acting at She was one time as secretary also as teacher. of years a for number president of the Primary forced health and until the cares of a family poor was never her to resign her public duties. She so happy as when laboring in the cause of right. Her life was a worthy example for all. Farwell dear sister, we do not mourn t iee. As one dead, but gone before From thy labor and thy suffering, With thy kindred evermore. Helen Morrill, Ass't. Sec'y. thou-sand- s - ' y where she was married u Brother Wm. M. Brom'ey November 16, 1859. Sue was the mother of ten ch ldren, six of wnom survive her, ihree sons and three daughters. She remove ! to America Fork in 1SS3 and became afaihful number of the Relief Society. On May 17, 1887 she was chosen seond counselor to the president, Sister Mary S. Hm Jlev' and c ntinued in the same position alter Sister E. D. Clarke was appointed president, a position which she filled with credit to herself and s ihe Society; and though not a fluent tne speaker she was willing atin all times, to fulfill the to rher of administering" .duties quired poor and needy and performing any Iaoor that . . was required of her. ful mother, sacrificing She was a kind, though, her own comfort for the benefit of her family. She was also un versaljy respected and esteemed .tu-factio- - - - . Ellen D- - Clarkb Jemima Dukkant. Emma, Featjierstone. Committee, ANN SOUTHWELL S. CLARKt ' In memory of Sister Ann Southwell S. Clark who died at the residence of her son, Lorenzo S. Clark, June 8, 1897,. aged Siyearsr 8 months, and ... 20 days. She'was the daughter of Charles and Sarah Southwell and was born in Cambridge, England, Sep 18, 1S15, married William Seymore and had one son, Charles W. Seymore now residing in Summit Co." She was baptized and confirmed April 1S50, by Brothers T. V. Johnson andGoates, and was married to Benj. T. Clark , May, 1850. She came over the sea in the ship ; Golco .da, c ossed the plains in Cyrus II.' Wheelock's company and arrived in Sugar House ward October 6, 1853. . She passe J through many trials and privations incident to the early days in these valleys, and was indtistrio is and an expert embroiderer, by which means she helped She with to gain a livelihood for her family. her husband accepted all the principles made known to the Saints for their advancement and exaltation in our Father's kingdom. When the ReTef Society was first organized in this ward she was appointed a teacher and she took greai pleasure in performing this di.ty, which she ddi luithf dly till July iSSS, when she went to re ide with her daughter Mrs. Ellen Siddoway at Rock' pOrtr Funeral services were held at. the ward meetinghouse. Brother James Johnston, George W. Larkins, - Joseph E, Taylor, Bishop" A. Driggs and Mrs. Sarah B. Gibson spoke of our departed sister and their remarks were comforting and consoling. . ' : RESOLUTION'S OP JtESPECT. whereas, Pur Heavenly Father has called from our midst our luvtd and respected sister, Anri.S. Clark, be it Resolved, That we the members of the Relief Society of Sugar House ward extend our heartfelt sympathy to the, bereaved family and friends. We feel she died as she has lived a faithful Latter-daSaint,- and that our loss is her. gain. be Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions recordbe that bereaved they sent to the family, ed, uoon the Society record and a copy be sent to the Womam's Exponent for publication. - y - Sarah B. Gibson, Betsy Bollivinkel, Esther S. Hardy, c SISTER LYDI A Committee.' MCKNIGHT Lydia McKnight was born Oct. 8, 1826 at Norwich, England. She ws baptized as a member of the Church by Claudius V. Spencer in 1855, emigrated to Zion in 1S62. . RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. Resolution's of Respect adopted, by the Re- lief Society of Minersville Aug. 11, 1897. August, 1897, it Whereas, on the 7th day toofremove from our Creator alwise pleased an beloved sisters. our one of midst by death an active part Whereas, she has.alwaysitstaken firsr since organization. in the Relief Society Relief of the Society elected was president She for five r held she office which 1871Ian t.0 ot counselor- for years. She has held the officehealth would perseveral years, as long as her the teacher in of office filled the has mit. She Relief Society and Sabbath School also presifilled dent of the Y. L M. h" A., which office she - - 