1 i XT ' ww IT".. ; v. X-PO- 77t tn the HanJssf the Wonren of Ctah should be a Power tc better ihelIomet the State - Vol. 26, Influences As-ocia't'o- n. Ladies' ' National University. Editorial Notes. U. W. 13. - ' M. L. No. 1, 1S97. tion was effected in Parmiugton with Aurelia S. Rogers, president: Louisa Haighthnd Helen Miller, counselors..- The siVvers were set apart by Bishop John W. Hes and his ' counselors, Jacob Miller and Arthur Stay-ne- r. August 11, 187 the first associatioir in Salt Lake City was organized in the ith Ward with' Louie B. Felt, president;, Lizzie M. Felt, Laura M. White, counselors, and Let this humble ueed her lesson teach.' For such is the journey of sin ! Morris. 1 A TRIBUTE Semi-monthlyMcetin.- ir. Editorial: The DECKMBKR Put now Pve gone beyond his reach" He never can gather me in." National American Woman Stiff age R S. Rerorts. In Memoriae. , ku.o'n. the y SALT LAKK CITY, UTAH. CONTENTS: A Tribute LilheT. Freeze. . Prenatal Ida Lowry .Allen. Notes .and News. A Word to 'he Primaries Mary' L. Morris The I Snior's Word E. l.'t. Resteration of Mount Wrnon. UK K IX HO.VOK Ol- AUKKUA Sl'HNCKK KCHiKKS. Maggie Freeze, secretary. As the work progressed and Stake organ"And they that he wise .shall .shine' as izations were Aurelia Poetry: The Weed and er Frien's Mary L. the brightness of the firmament; and they was chosen to completedover the Rogers Primary preiie tint turn many to di i D. Alder. as the stars, Mo; ris ; VYoji Associatidusof the Davis Stake, .and still iy far ever and ever." later when the General board was called inis Who Aurelia Speueer Rogers? What to existence and enlarged, this worthy and THE WEED AND HER FRIENDS. has she done worthy of honor ? are questions beloved pioneer was elected to the jxjsition that might be asked by many of the Latttr-daof an aid. Being built ujhSu a proper A weed looked up from the lawn one day, Saints; but among 3,500 workers in foundation- with the sanction aud And turning its head arounJ, the of the PriesthrKRl from its infancy--th- e great cause to which she has devoted Said, "I see the people have gone away, is her name her honored as the Originlife, throtigh-ou- t Primary work wns And the mower lies, flat on the ground. ator of the Primary Association in Zion, Zion and has leen. sustained as one of is She second the And the hoe stands urder the elm tree there, daughter of Orson the most important organizations in .the of author, And the digging-forclose y its side, Spencer, "Spencer's Letters," Church: a valuable Church The amouut ofiaith, courage a:id wrk, and was born in They are a most industrious pair, and patient determination required ""When with energy applied. Saybrook, Conn., Oct. 4, 1834. Her parents moved to Illinois and she was "baptized by the sixers called to labor in the past can when nine years of age. During the But I don't care for the mower and hoe, scarcely be. estimated, but a deep seii-- e of from Nauvoo her mother died from responsibility and an abiding love for the Oh dear me no, not 1 ' The cann t touch me fron head to toe, 'exposure arid exhaustion through camping children of the Saints have nib bed heroic All honor is out in. midwinter, Jeaving a family of five efforts in the paths of duty. When no human hand is nigh. " .this little .children. 'Six niontl later her father due them, eMecially. the pioneer-i- n And I have friends irT the sun, and air, was sent to Great Pritian to preside over movement. What are the le.valu of this the raindrops clear and bright; there and was obliged to leave devotion for upwards of twenty years? Only the inis:-ioAnd th evening de, With its mantle fair his children in the care of his eldest daugh-le- i the angels cm teii, out accojiu'ig to tne i he li'.'nwraihlien, a girl'oTtTiirteeu years' (tTiel ale last anTma'rTCP'ort--tath?-4Sister. Clawson, president of the Salt board. which included a reiKrt from every So I'll rear my head in native pride, and one of the most devoted workers.) Stake in Zion, we can form a little idea of. And crown it with bright red beads, During his absence the little family crossed the good being accomplished My shoulders and arms Pil spread out wide, 767 .officers There are J84 associations, the plains in President Brigham Young's There has been And load them with tinted seeds. company, taking fivs months to, complete and 33,659 members ; the journey. Aurelia became the wile ot held 13,946 meetings and confeieuces, Now Autumn with her balmy air, Thomas Rogers and settled - in repre se n t i u th e piri t ua awi :r:raLud.nZI Will play on my offspring's brow; Fannin c toil. Davis Co. Being the mother cation. 412 entertainments, showing the In rich, soft soil drop many a pair, of a growing, family whom she desired 'mental and social, 56 fairs, showing the inthe Awaiting springtime's plow. g above anything to see become good Latter- - dustrial. The Primary Fair is a very and important feature, originated Then comes the wind with his mighty power, day Saints, her soul was pained by seeing He does his work wisely and 'well; many evil habits creeping m among the with Sister Ann Eustin Wooiley, of Tiart children of her neighborhoocl particularly Bountiful, the first being.held in the AssoHe carries my children from tomb to tower anions: the boys, for which the Sabbath ciation over which she still presides. O'er mountain, and flowery dell. The nature of the exercises can briefly be School did not seem quite sufficient check, Then comes the snow with her silent wand, Readings from and her anxious question . was "What "can told from a few statistics. She keeps my children warm. be done to change these conditions?1' The Church works 24,454; readings and recitaKing frost is nigh with his icy hand answer came in the inspired idea, "Organ, tions from miscellaneous works 30,259; To seal them from the storm. ize the children into an association and testimonies borne 17, 174; sentiments memteach thein the principles of the Gospel." orized and stories related 70,207; maim-- ; When winter's o'er'and the snows have gone, This thought was revealed to Sister Eliza script papers 294; essays, dialogues, historiAnd the sun come ; to kiss me again cal sketches ami lectures 2,833; musical exB. Wells while Einnieline and Snow R. March wind will pluck the gems from my crown a conference held in Farmingtou cu ercises, vocal and instrumental 13,804. And scatter them o'er the plain. ' Financially hundreds of dollars annually July 10, 187S. are devoted to charitable purposes, missionthis idea so sugwith, impressed Deeply And some of my babies, like most little ones, work, traveling expenses and the varof benefit to the children, these sisary gestive Will paddle in brooklets dear,. the Church. im mediately laid the matter before ious enterprises connected .with ters And down through great streams, will journey on Thus Ve see that the opportunitiesfor President John Taylor who, with the quoreduThrough oceans, to lands afar. over development are" varied, tending to the um of the twelve apostles presided mentally, Now if thn young man having charge of all, the Church at that time. It met with his cation of the children spiritually, the and socially spiritJ Had before he went a way, hearty approval and he commissioned Sis- morally, physically the lead. Boys and girls Plucked me up though I was but small; ter Eliza to choose a companion and com- ual growth taking four and fourteen are Left nothing of me to stay, mence organizing the children; her choice between the agesvof in secret and trained iff fell on Sister Ziua D. Young "and together taught to pray They are taught I with their sisters time, they visited the settle-- , forms of public devotion. not have ?rown ten thousand strong," parents and the' Priesthood, ' nients and .wards,' organizing the Primary to honor their Aided by sun and air , Sabbath day, pay tithes and the observe officers and the and Association instructing.Ad the wind and rain as they came along, and as associaiicus, duties. The first organiza 'ofienngas individuals in their children And the dew withits mantle fair. r. C. . 1 ng--- Ly -- y - al 1 k . rup-prov- e pviMS-tenenc- ex-otit- is 1 ; n '' A: Lake-Stak- - e . the-I-a- te -- g-- 1 . inter-estin- , at-tendi- ng , . ; ".. : -- " " . " co-li- . - . "5 