EIN The Ballot Vol..' 25. ni the 1 lands ' '. . . . Silk Ir(Justr'-- vVu flawaii M. T F. E.-'- K. M- - Stake. ' " U. W. . Lurinda Snow. S-- c. C. Woodbury. Mary ' A. Lambert. Eighty A Biographi al Sketch An S. Reports I C.-O- to r better the ! Iovie, thcSlate and the Nation. "15, Wayne lray ; , . And that we all may meet, in love, when, time is o'er. ' - ' That every blesshr; which to saint belongs May come to you, and yours, now and forever-mor- e Cut-ti- s rielle Sanpete Stake ' Pou-c- We call you friend and .sister, sacred names, and CONTENTS: TV be a SALT LAKK CITY"," UTAH, APRIL ' ' ( of .the IVomoiej Utah should ' ' Ke- .HniroRlAL: Tlie General Confeience Of I'ioneer Days, d'enei il Con Editorial Notes. fcrer.ee' Relief Society. E. B. W. niin-cencc- s Trust-- H. I'oktry: My Burest D.-- E. B. W. Ellis R.Shipp, M. L M. 'of ' W.' N. To The Old Songs Tin-Ki- . Hewlings, the lixponcnt. : - ' - TIIK SILK INDUSTRY. is probably 110 " industry that we 1 ' ! 1 , I s ! -- ! -- i . . ' - ' . fifty-long, . realize that .the husbands and fathers are tni"gling on the farms to sitain their loved ones, and that there seems to le Uy few things that they can raise which will command a ready sale and enable them to obtain means for buying clothing and other cash articles; ' when I "realize that four ' pouiuls of cocoons that are wor.'.h .only four dollars, can be worked up into a iHmud of ilk which vvill be worth eight dollars; that... ' this silk will command a. ready sale for caslfand that the work can be dune by" the women and children, aud'at the same time be lieht, and pleasant, and jno'ltable. ".When I realize this may I not' be par beinnan enthusiast ? Is it any wonder that I have spent' many anxious days and. sleepless nights endeavoring to solve the problem of putting o'ur silk in a maiket- able shape ? In my mind's eye I can set- before me a' vast field of good opening lip. I see hovv a how; people may Income the w'idow and the fatherless may be found employment that will make them no longer dependents and paupers,- but enable them to hold up their heads in, the consciousness I see t he , that they, are possibility of adding to our list of exports, ' another article which will assist v stopping that constant dtain of money that goes out-tuay for the articles we import. In conclusion, Sister Alger, the President Aftfrp;n- - Anriitinn of St Oqotw. Has secured land for planting out p mulberry trees, which we trust will be" a blessing in the future. Xow let us say that we desire to enlist die services, and we invite the cooperation of all interested in the welfare of ; ourgrowiirg State, and her growing in. to aid us in making the industry a success. The State gi ves us encouragement a .. aid; the silk commission is laloring with its might, and now let the people not slacken their efforts. Don't refuse to raise more cocoons because of the discouragement of the past, but believe, with us, that the "darkest hour is just before the dawn." Let this year see a great increase, in the production of cocoons, and believe that the be a way will open up so that they will ' blessing and a profit to us. " ittiTrhnvcslnblishcdTr more beneficial to the poorer classes of i the Exponent. fir The: work is people than silk culture. MV SUREST TRUST. comparatively light, and the capital necessary to produce the cocoons and reeling the all, my art Thou trust, my Father, silk is trilling. To Thee in trials oft I call, Our climate is remarkably well adapted My voice is hushed to friend and kin, to the growth of the mulberry tree; much . But Thy great heart hath .room within of our soil contains more or less alkali, and this has the ellect of shortening the life of So I Thine ear woi.id supplicate, the peach and almond trees, but this does Though dwelling" here in low estate; not se:m to be the case with the mulberry May sinlul, weak and erring, Most H'gh! Still love Thy name. My God Tree.. It thiives here to a .wonderful ex-- , tent indeed. I have heard Europeans say sing Thy praises, read Thy word, the mulberry will make a greater growth in My prayers Thou Lord hast often heard; one year here than in six years in Kurope. And I Thy servants will sustain, Although this is probably an 'exaggeration, Long as Thy Spirit I obtain it is nevertheless. Irue, that if the success of depends upon the succes- sMercy from Thee I humbly claim, ful raising of the mulberry, success in that Unwurthy yet to bear Thy name; As I to all thisjmon extend,. line would be already assurea. So do to me, my own dearjniend Many mulberry trees have been planted here, and many of them are in existance When this life like a dream is past, now. Our climate perhaps not less perGive me a place near Thee at last, of the silk fectly adapted Jio th'e growth Whose Love and Truth and Life are one, worm. This has been proven to a demonWithin the Kingdom of Thy Son '! . we stration, as it is attested by the fact that H.W.N. have on hand now in this county about of cocoons which eight hundred pounds ' been produced here, but for want of have , TO ELLIS R.SHIPP, M.D a market could not be disposed of. how to care Many people have learned FIFTIETH BIRTHDAY 'ANNIVERSARY dis' for the silkworm, but not being able to (JANUARY 20, 1S97.) and not being able to pose of their cocoons, W'EcannoTbind upon your brow a laurel wreath, reel them or to put them into marketable ; here honors such deserve Though richly you and shape they have become discouraged, But we have come in love and blessing to your for the continuance and the the hope only home' . is either to development of this industry or to leani And to our hearts you are most truly dear ; find amarket for our cocoons, today And we will celebrate and yours the silk whhyou how to reel them and to put The anniversary of may. now passed years into a marketable shape. Yet we cn scarce believe' 't is been long With this idea in view we have and and experimenting all winter, yeais, working to a little instay Smc: from celestial heights you came we have concluded that with reelAwhile upon the earth, a mission to .fumii and experience e can- make struction our silk in. a TouFfice is still so fair, your spirit bright al way ; a success, and we can put ing I ..; But you have labored long and wellwe know shine that will place it in the market. to. And that is we had .made . partly why, we love, you so. took some twist which wUh after Your "gea'rous soul is full of tender sympathy, a tailor of this dty. and -- At And you have been a friend in very deed it he .pronounced it good.satisfied a.lnfling that the Unto the destitute, as well as the distressed, co t for machinery, I am useful be worked , up into, many Yea giving comfort in the hour of need. rticS sewihg silk lace, neckties etc., The "sweetness of your, voice breathes gentle f Ur Wn ' No. 20 1S97. -- - . .self-Mistainin- self-supportin- g; g. -' us-trie- s, . , . . Ann " Mother" Johns's mother-in-law- Johns, , . C. WoopuUKY. Mrs. Laura U is in her eighty-sixt- h in year. She spent last summer four-tecColorado with a daughter on a ranch She niiies from, thei r' voting-- place. was duly registered all voters in Colorado must register ai id would have voted lu t for a failure in health vvhTc-- prevented her, to her great disappointment and that of her. family. She .took much interest in politics, She andTead much during the summer. is now at her son's home at Salina,. Kan.. -and7 Has an pnity"t"6"casrt full ballot for all municipal officers. .". can tenderness'; And liuiy your days to come be full of happiness. When Priscilh Delano Spocner went to considered an enthu-- . mmSsrimaybe cast her vote for members of the.' board of We bring to you today the sweetest thoughts' we "sialt 01 The silk question, but when I Jook '"' thousands of young education at Kent, Ohio, she promptly have, the see and me and answered ioi years and 4 months. around me, Wereet you 'Doctor poet, singer of sweet about are growingup ' y songs, .. ' - . ,- . n , - ' -- h ' Y . --- - . r:r' " 