the Aljw the watersr'artf s niuddyV, ?n:ef Ktt'miute; there was soiii(itIu;jiTi'tMs into the Rhone which disliarges "t ftrdrutia 'xnr constantly recurred to our FAREWELL, TO S'S" ll MCCUNK ON ' beruili-tinp-tic- . . Ill-- , k KUKOPK." s On.R'the sua, over the sea " ' distant shore; ; To a.ir-oiWln'i'C 'the wide Atlantic kisses the sand, Ami tfie white waves dash and roar...'. uateis-- v I;uu- ye winds from sunny climes, Ami speedthe ship along; - The prayers and praise waft upward, Willi many-- happy song. a HoM the angry waves O, Father, In the hollow of . ' ...The learned and noble wait the message, from Zibn's holy hill; Sent ' pear the tidings 0, my sister, Think of those who love thee, And miss thee ever' day, Let this sweet assurance, Rosseau's Catastrophe of his Ileloise, as their thoughts differed. Arriving at the landing of Villeneuve we are at the head of the""lake,.- - between the Jura and Savoy Alps, the latter include Mt. Blanc. We watched the glorious sun set which left a golden path on the lake, while Castle and Mountains were mirrored, on the' surface.' Soon the landscape was.all in shadow, leaving delightful memories. came to say." Then roll ye waves along, That bring thee home cr.ee more; And thanks to God we'll render, And praise Him evermore. . . , our hves How onward, Till we reach the home above, Where every roving wanderer. Will share a Father's love. So may LAKK 01" co.mo. " D. Alder. Feb. '21, 1S97. THIS THREE LAKES. 1,-92- 5 " AND TAIIOK. Ukk (Ti:nk va, or Lake Leman of the Romans. A celebrated lake of Switzerland extending in the form of a crescent between Mat country and Savoy, occupies a part of the valley which separates the snowy Alps horn the Jura (joo ra) mountains, forty-fivmiles long, with a varying width of .between,; .one to ten miles; it lies 1226 ft. above seat level and is as many deep, the color of its waters, is deep blue varying to babyz blue aud are of remarkabie transpar- U is lraversed eDm, hT the Rhone.; at Geneva I stood upon the bridge ont Blanc' where the Are and the Rhone aergea from the lake a, pure, transparent reauiAs the rivers come washing down e' . - A lake of Lombard)' situated at the foot of miles long with a van the Alps, thirty-fivIt ing breadth of from one to three miles,. feet it an expansion of the river Adda, 69S feet deep, its' waters above the sea, turquoise blue; It is justly celebrated; for the scenery of its shores, covered with e GKNKVA.-COM- frrMM tin XAKK TAlioK. . 1 .t . 1.1" 11T ..r. .1 ..-i- t iiiuici, 1 am iiuiau aij nw. the Italian of letween that loneliest lakes, Comp. and our beautiful American 1 miu to 111 So -- gv-twix' is no cr;nariofh Or from the Prisoner of Chillon, or from I Lydia 1 waters not blue but wonderfully clear, looking like a sheet of glass, surrounded O It'll t wr flit iMfnint'MtlcilllIk tlw beautiful 'pities peeped up through the snow. One German exclaimed lahoe, a jewel with an emerald setting," while an old Jew sitting by him said, " Yes a diamond of purest ray." The mountains and pines with Heaven itself were reflected Hi its transparent ht Sow the seed ! leave Cod the harvest, He will reap another day; To thy kindred bear a witness,; . 1 came to the very edge of the lake, ensconced amid the mountains at an altitude of 6,225 feet above sea level on the, borders of XeVada and California in the Sierra Nevada mountains, its length 22. miles, greatest width 13 miles. ts depth 1,506 feet, .its It is the hush of night : 'i 1 iru tit It was just sundown when the stage coach turned a bend in the road and we . Rring peace and joy 'ahvay. Fear not man for he is mortal, In thy holy cause be strong; Trust in God in silent asking, He will move the proud among. 1 ' ...... and all between and the mountains, dusk yefclear',' Thy margin Mellowed and mingling, yet distinctly seen, .Save darken'd Jura, whose capp'd heights appear, I'recipitou-dsteep; an'd drawing near, There breathes a living fragrance, irom the shore, Of (lowers yet fresh with childhood, on the ear, Drops the light drip of the u?pended oar, Or chirps the grasshopper one good-nigcarol mure: V ! r!o 1 ti c . ! Then shall thy soul be glad. Lo the Book of life is open, See thy name is on the page;. Never to be blotted out, Through every coming age. 1 j ! Then another would quote; 11 ; Thee, Leun"s L ike, once more I trace, Like Dian's cresct-n- far beneath,' As teau tiful as Lean's face Pride of the land that gave' me birth All that thy waves reflect. I love, Where heaven iUelf brought down to earth, Looks fairer than above." - tm mi waters edge, theirsides covered witlv verdure', in many places tenaccd and. planted with grapes, while perched upon a pinnacle a thousand feet above you are churches atul monasteries, and in' the 'distance snowy Alps. 'Every thing was rose color; the air was, perfumed, we heard the murmurs of low fountains, the music from flutes, guitars and sweet strains from the baud at Managgio. The palace, lifting to eternal Heaven its marble walls, the softest skies. We arranged for a moon: God granted fair weather. While we sailed all night upon the blue waters we judged them fairer than ' day. t Turn thy eyes toward the Temple, . When thy heart is sad; How thy head in deep devotion, truth - out at Cojet; the Chateau of Neckar and ins uaugiiicr Madame de Stael, at Ferney the residence of Yoltair. We stopped at Yevey and " Clarens, sweet Clareus, birthplace of love," of which Bvron wrote. All was music and poetry. Among the pas-- ! sengers one while gazing at the snowy Alps' would quote: Rising for thee to the skies. is 'Plw ' This thy glorious workTuIfiN. The fires of faith burn brightly, Where Zion's altars rise; And loving thought's are ever, ''This sides.' ' Longfellow this to i unty and Sin. I ,s- compares steam navigation was introduced its waters. upon Comg aboard the .steamer we found many travelers, it was during the season, a Ierlect day the better to enjoy the grandeur i Us scenery and the- - liveliness of its shores. The south and west banks have beautilul towns and picturesque-- villas, the abodes of wealth. The house occupied by Byron; is pointed T Thy hand; And " Peace he still," to every tempest, As of old Thou didVt command. This loved one goes across the Octnn, Divinley sent by Thee; to carry words of love and gladness, The Gospel bear across the sea. ere it musics: with, the blue elegant villas and beautiful gardens. From the town of C01110, birthplace of Pliny the younger, we took steamer to Menaggio, then a boat, going opposite the fashionable, resort,- to a solid granite wall built up out of the water, with water, gates, supplied with steps for e in barkationWe entered the beautiful chateau belonging to a nobleman; he rented it just as it was, sllver-daiiichina and the with around-thgardens, privilege of roaming trees, and olive, lemon, orange M i 11 A describes which no "doubt Bulwer : by. Alpine hills from deep vale, shut-outhe rude world, near a ciear wkc mmgnieu myrtles." by fruits of gold and whispering these in would enchanting Turn where we - cut-glas- ty s, e aud-citr- t on ago wotneu could not vote Sixty years anywhere.. In Kuutucky gave school 1S45 suffrage to widows, In 1S61, Kansas gave it to all women. In- 1869 England gave municipal suffrage to single women and widows;, and Wyoming gave full suffrage, School suffrage was granted to alL women in 1875 by Michigan and Minnesota, in 1876 by Colorado, in 1S78 by New Hampshire. and Oregon, in 1879 by Massachusetts, in 1880 by New York and Vermont. In 1 88 1 municipal suffrage was extended tcv - the single vvomeniand widows of 'Scotland.---Nebrask' "gave school suffrage in 1883 and Wisconsin in 1885. In 1886 school suffrage was given in Washington, and municipal-- , suffrage to, single women and' widows in In 1SS7 New Brunswick and Ontario. municipal suffrage w;as' extended to all women in Kansas, and school suffrage in North and South Dakota, Montana, Arizona and New Jersey. In 189 school sufIn 1S92, frage was granted in Illinois. municipal suffrage was extended to single women and widow's in the Province of --Quebec In 893 sch ool s uffra ge vas granted in Connecticut and full suffrage In 189.4 in Colorado and New Zealand. in school' suffrage ,vas granted Ohio,' a limited municipal suffrage in Iowa, , and parish and district suffrage in .Ivngland to In 1S95 women both married and single. full suffrage was granted in South Austra- lia to women both married and single. In i 896 full suffrage was granted to wo men in Utah and Idaho. . hx. a 1 . 1 : ; 