1 -- 'memory" of,' it j (i.iV. ! - and in gratitud.e for your auspicious, ' j Vi;;r life ha? been one of constant energy, sacrifice of personal comfort, ffauK- -t w ith toil and with plentiful- sorrow. Along its way and mixed are vtrewn the personal remains ot a darhnir son, cut down in ms very youin r.y rmniess savage hands: of a beloved and loving and honom hii.hind. who untimely UU beneath the over whelming weight of multiplied responsibilities, in the very midday of an eventful, noble, useful, welln'gh inuispensaDie hie; and ot the martyred f roihers a d kinsman of yoifr lamented husband .whose martyrdom sealed their testimony to the divine and deathless truth which lies at the foundation of the cause of Zion.for which you have eiuiured so much. And et, your life, has been full of good works, and true womanly deeds, with real Christian patience, and with love divine, the crowning virtues of a well spent, urtuou - renerous life. . - : J regard you as a most worthy companion of a most noble man one of the anointed- anL chuseii of God. In this and in the assurance your knowledge of the Gospel gives of an eternal companionship with him, and a glorious reunion with the great est spirits of the greatest epoch of the world, and association with Christ and uou the rather of a'l in the worlds to come, you have the surest promise of most glorious rewards, which so far outweigh the deepest trials of this life that they will be forgotten, or, if remembered at all, only as the purifying flames of the furnace which help and purify the old. to consume the dross t we wisn you many, very Aunt catnsneoa, many most ruppy.rturr.ofis.uaytJNjL only this, but that every day between shall be full of peace and juy and honor to you and yours. You have our confidence, ovk prayers, our love. We know you to be worthy of all, and more than we can give, or offer you: and all is yours; we fgel that you have made your callingand election - . . 1 sute , God bless you in this world with health, judgment peace, Joy and plenty, and in the world to come with all that has been promised you, and more, are the sincere desires of your affectionate kinsman and, I trust, unfailing friend, JosF.ru F. Smith. After the reading of President Smith's letter .Jrs.Alice Merrill Horne.granddaughter -mil 17 grandmother, giving interesting experiences lrcrn her early life and also her. connection and association with the Church up to the present time. Among other notable things we were particularly struck with the amount of homemade cloth made by. this diligent housewife, wool carded, spun, colored and woven and cut and, made into wearing apparel,also flax and so much of it, that the story seems incredible to those who live in this later day. To create from the raw material suitable clothing seems a desirable handicraft, and we look back with admiration upon the heroic women who had the sublime courage to overcome obstacles, andVmeet the emergencies of pioneer days in a new land far from civilization. A synopsis of Sister Smith's work in women's organizations, beginning with the Relief Society in Nauvoo, by Mrs. Clarissa Smith Williams also a daughter of President George A. Smith. Sister B. W. Snath was one of the original members of the R'elief Society and was present when it was organized on the 17th of March 1842, in tie Masonic Hall in. Nauvoo, Illinois, and she has held different offices in the Society iuce that time. At present "she is second to the President. Sister Zina i1. H. Young, and Treasurer of the sa?ne Society in the Salt Lake Stake of Zion. Then followed the charming, address Irom her only daughter", Mrs. Bathsheba Smith Merrill. I erfH4 V-- A Vice-Preside- nt ? - MOTHER r If there is one mortal feeling free from the impurities of "earthly faith, that tells in every breath 'of its eglestial origin it "is "a mother's love. Mother is our helper, advLerV listening: uj.iaies 01 uncicd wrongs and sorrows. Mother-'t- isthe first half formed word that falls from the babbling tongue: The first, the fondest and the most lasting in; in Which affection- can bind the heart. A mother's love. Forever the: same', unchangeable. A. pure aijd-holy gift from heaven'. Mother's love soothes wi'.h sympathy. U Hat a comfort it was to feel hex sympathy for ray near sightedness. How patiently and tenderly she lightened my misfortune, anticipating-everwish, attending to all my needs, soothing every sorrow. She cradles us in her warm, faithful breast and there is a healing influence in lieTem brace. ... rr: When at home. or absent, from her side I" .Know ner uiougms were ever concerned in my welfare, and also the welfare of m ; children. Every day I appreciate more the blessing of a fond and noble mother. She has been' a mother .not only to her own off spring and her husband's children, but to her sisters and brothers children. a L- And mother we -- ill lQvev..re-sjec- t and reverence her. She-hatrodden the narrow path and now reaches the landmark her seventy fifth birthday, and we feel that we cannot do enough to show our love and appreciation of her. She is unsurpassed 011 this earth- - :'. '' . . i m-4sia- el . -- A mother's love, how ?weet the name, What is a mother's lo e ? A noble, pure and tender ime, Enkindled from,above. 11 Bathsheba Smith Micrriu.. After the program had been rendered there were short speeches congratulatory and affectionate, one by Mrs. Julina E. Smith was distinctively tender-an- d brought who f those the tears to eyes aiiany heard it. Sister Julina is the" niece of Sister BathslrCba and had spent many years of her young life with her aunt, so that to her she is a second Zina D. II. Young spoke very eloquently of her intimate association with Sister Smith. Other speakers were Sister. Emily P. Young and Sister E. B. Weils, Brother John R.' Winder and Patriarch John Smith, who touched upon his early remembrances 01 tne lady 111 whose honor, we had met together, which were quitejn keeping with the occasion. Sister Smith responded (to the inviTatfon of Apostle J ohn Henry Smith) in a graceful and appropriate way, expressing her sincere love to all who Had 111 any way coninputeu to her happines on this diy and referred to the numerous circle of relatives and friends who 'could not participate in. the affair, bore testimony of the divine mission of Joseph Smith and her firm belief inall he taugnt; auuaca loviugiy iu uci uu band's patriarchal family anoi made many suggestive remarks that will be remembered by her young friends in years to come.' ' ' Hard The party joined in singing times come again no more," and Miss Pris-- , cella Smith gave a very pleasing recitation entitled " The Barber and the Stuffed Owl." - Delicious refreshments were served .tflktfully .and bountifuUyy lovirig Hands , during wjhich time social conversation was indulged in, and soon alter as dayiignt was . mother-Preside- ; nt I 11 lived" at distance began Miy their In the evening there-.- was u liter- - a" adieux. - prCgTcv"ITr ary and 'musical wind up a very happy day. The KxVonknt adds congratulations and good wishes to 'Sister Smith. Words are inadequate to express the: desire we future welfare and prosperity. have The beautiful work she performs in the Temple, and added to .that the philanthropic and charitable labor in the Relief Society are indeed appropriate for one who has lived so long, and passed through to many sanctifying experiences. for-"he- CONCERT Itf WASHINGTON', D. C. Viola Pratt, one of our Utah girls and sweet singers was selected from a of other vocalists to sing numler among at Presideutiaud NlrsrJMcIChileyJ's concert in Washington, given in honor of the Russian Ambassador. It was on the birth- - day anniversary of the Austrian' Ambassn-- ' dor's wife. Viola Pratt, it will be .remembered by our readers, is the grand d uighter. oi the late Apostle Urson Pratt otithe paternal side and of Apostle Charles, C. Rich oh the maternal side Utah has every reason to be prouoVb her attain inent as a vocalist and thererts- no doubt a brilliant future in store for lier. Below is an extract frouKa letter to her parents. - it ' XT mjr iNow .. T . a 1 1 1 - . 1 ieii vouaooui-ui- inusL 1 . 1 ' concert given by President and Mrs. McKinley and the cabinet in honor of tlie t Austrian Ambassador. It was a affair, three hundred invitations being issued to the Senators etc. Huberman, the wonderful boy violinist, was there, and so was Scharvenka the pianist, and I wasfoitu-nat- e enough to.be the soloistr livery thing lit-glorious 'Hntpd a queen, l resutent and .Mrs. McKmley, lots of the Senators, 'and all the diplomatic corps were there. -- The concert was very fine and I'was highly complimented on my. singing ami the papers spoke very nicely of me. The next morning after theconcert, there came to my hotel a small package and a note fro"i the wife of the Austrian Ambassad ;r, asking me to accept the enclosed" as a token of her esteem and love and appreciation of the pleasure she had received through my beautiful singing." I opened it and was indeed delighted to find a very handsome gold bracelet with the date of the'eoncert engraved on the inside. About. nine o'clock she sent her lovely the hotel and gavemef a. carriage around-lall over Washington. lovely drive . At iioon I had luncheon at the White1 House. Mrs. McKinley is a very sweet, lovely woman, but so delicate and frail." . " very-selec- T ! vas-icr4'c- tly c ' o AN INTERESTING TRIP. gditor Exponcni, Thinking the work of the. Relief Soci-- , ety in Snowflake Stake ought to be occasionally represented in your, xqlumns, I take pleasure in penning the following retort of a recent visit to the branches of the V pociety in the forest. Our party consisted of Stake President Emma S. Smith, Sarah Driggs and Mary "J. West the Secretary, , Vice-Preside- anofs'f nt our appointments ahead we lelt home the mergingintotwilight, the,guestswho(22noLofApriI JofillJhem; 