SEXPONENT WOMAN -- rr r - bronze lufc.s wmch' voystamme.- carjieu. came before t(ok theoher jurJe.,Xii;iu from Rome to Const.liUinoplcrwhe!iCe Zen) I .Milan'. That - road "pav,HS irtroti :; h" to taken"' to were m btek they 1205; broght Xovara- near which the battle was Tough:'-,Venice to restored and in Xation-of the 1797 Pansljy Nap. Tin: Kxecutive Committee field- of in" and'through the memorable battle ' dome a has church ssoeiation A in The great u S , u s n 815. America Woma firagc This is 'the most interesting Magenta. the crown ones smaller four and decided thecentre has upon voting by correspondence, route. We pass the Castles of the Monies! Mosaics .the cruciform of the structure; for arms as Ukj Pes Moines, Iowa, holding place and Julia tmm ehi, the Montagues of Romeo 7" of the exterior its annual conventfoirior uSujT"' and L alee G ar claTi e a i .a n d 1 0 wa rd"tlti s u ;?7" The dates are Wednesday; Jan .27, to an acre, are .on a background of gold gild fought the battle of Sulfexino,. 24th of JuUCi. and bronze the and . are beautiful, inclusive. very ing Saturday, Jan'29, defeated by .7ap. III.' 1859, Austrian . Des Moines has hospitably arranged to rich marbles are splendid. Saw the house at Vill ifranca, where the "It 'is impossible' to describe the Ducal Entertain the Businesss Committee of the Scala dei' treaty between the French and Austrian enteredthe We each of Palace. President S. by the and A. .V. A., 7. Kmperors was signed July 1, 1859. The State "organization In attendance, or her Gigauti or Gi in(s staircase from the courtCity of Milan, Capitol of Lombardy, is enproxy. To alf regularly appointed delegates yard. The interior is a rich gallery. of tered through a beautiful arch. When-Iafrom State organizations, theyoffer lodging Venetian Art, the great "Council Half conhere-iwas warm, the ladies were out on and breakfast without cost, ami. have tains portraits of 76 Doges"and Tiutorretto's the streets with lace. veils or shawls draped, arranged to have dinner and tea served at a Paradise, the Palace is connected on the K. on their heads something like the Spanish nominal price in .the building in which the side with prison' (Le Prigione) by. the It is a walled city, the interior, of. Convention will beheld: Bridge of Sighs, so called because when the style. walls laid out with gardens and planted ' It is hoped that taking thjj Conentou prisoners crossed over lor meir- inai, 11 the the streets are elegantly paved, "thus intcTjhe middle West, weshall have a innocent they left the Palace by, the with trees, it is a pleasure to walk on them, the fo large, representation from all our State front door, if guilty were placed in the next the houses are six feet wide-o- f below; and never again crossed the Associations. -- RACimrFnsrKi: Avi:inr smooth granite. We drove about the city Cor. Sec: N. A. W. S. A: bridge. and to the .Monastery of St. Phila.-,- . Pa., '.Nov. 27, ''.i$o. Saturday, Dec. 7 Karly morning found Maria delle suppressed Grazie, to see Da Vincis Last us in 'our gondolas to see the. Old Palaces situated on the Grand Canal. Our hotel Supper. The painting. on the wall and was once the Palace Terro (14th Cent.) and much defaced as the church was once used" LLAVKS FRV()M MV JOURNAL. the Palace Tini WimpiTen, and next to- it as a stable in time of war; in spite of which is the pretty Palazzo Contariui Tasau, you can see how beautiful was the painting, Bui.ogna, Italy. known as' the Palace- of Desdemona, the although of. the 14th Cent, lire beautiful Friday, Dec. 6, 1895. colors still remain. .The Church St. Am' Express train :d Padua to Venice. Palace Mocenigo'was occupied by Byron. The Arsenal has a gateway of Renaissance brose founded in the 14th Cent, in its prePadua, "Italian Padova," was founded sent Jorm to the 12th is most interesim;. according to .'.'Ancient tradition " by workmanship. "Sharp and expressive in Here the old Lombard kings received the Priam, and is its ornamental sculpture' in front are Antenor, the frescoes the and mosaics from the - Piraeus. 'Iron JJrowns," famous for its University. Among its .four beautiful are a it has golden altar-fronalumni, were Savonarola, Tasso, Petrarch in 1687, the museum contains old arms, The Brera, a Palace of Science and Art and Galileo, whose statues adorn the Pizza armor. and instruments of torture. We visited the factory which' is very tains in the picture gallery Raphael's Vitlosia Kmaniiele. The church S. Antonio begun in 1256, is interesting. The rest of the day we de- Sposalizio, or the marriage . of the Virgin. Next we visited the Cathedral with' its very imposing with seven domes, and is voted to churches that of the Jesuits, the delicate tracery and forest of pinnacles built , rich in paintings, sculptures and works of interior iscurious, the walls being covered with interior is in while .marble inlaid' in the form of a Latin cross, its' - A del U fle.ie'ej. by imitrtt'iuil of diarr ' Titian and his pupils--. S. Maria dell' with green, it contain s Titians Martyrdom 490 feet in length, 185 feet in width, with Arena, or Giotto's chajjl contains frescoes of St Laurence. St. Sjebastine is famous, for nave 155 feet in height, the dome'is. 220 ft. which are among his best works-In one pictures by P. Veronise who is buried here. in height from the pavement to the top of 7 he tower 360 feet. The roof has 9S Gothic church Is an altar piece by Paul Veronese. St. Rocco has by Tintoretto and i Venice in. Jun-e,'- ' gave our approach Scuola di San Rocco is one of the three tunets, the exterior is adorned "with 4,400 most precious buildings in Italy, the others marble statues, its beautiful tower and via Adriatic Sea. We now approach the. city by a railway being the. Sistine ChapeLat Rome and the spires are all surmounted by a statue, the " interior has double clustered .pillar lofty Campo Santo at Pisa. bridge more than two miles long, consist ing-oSunday, Dec. 8 AtteudecK Church San arches,, niches in the walls filled with fgures long embankments and 222 arches, costing nearly a million dollars. Marco,Jhe sermo;; was 110. doubt eloquent and grand monuments. The scene with We. left the cats 7and7e.n te red the "gonbut could nut understand a word, the music the sun shining through, the magnificent a few moments was fine, the organ filled the Church, with stained windows and rose window is strik- dolas waiting .for.'.'-us- , brought us to the Grand Hotel. Although rich,' full tones. After lunch we'nt toXthe ingly beautiful, just that wavy beautiful the winter day was sombre and there were Scotch Presby terian Church but the Pastor's effect' of light and .shade one gets in a '"'"" " " r no singers, the gondola ride- and the Mediewife s.tood at the door saying, Dr.. Robert7 val Palaces were still enchanting. son was ill and there would be no service, Among the treasures is a Veil from the We dined, then spent .the evening ramb- - she gave us her card,, inviting us to tea on true cross, a silver altar,, solid silver - ling thro ugh alleys and on the LMoiiday, saying on that day they received statues, B ibles with the ..covers filled with Grand Square of St. Mark, the pigeons strangers, and if they felt lonely mightJ rare jewels, robes of cloth of gold and cloth were so numerous and tame, it was difficult maKe 01 meet inenas, 111 a strange land all of silver, rare7 laces and wealth untold. to walk and not step upon them. the world was kin. 7as sorry not to attend One room isxueafly all silver. A" Bishop of This sqiiare7is the centre of all that is but left Venice on that day. Milan lies therV in a crystal casket v .tb loveliest in Venice. On the K. side is St.. gold trimmings, iHcrecnf gold and silver Monday, Lee. 9Harlyniojaiingtrain Marks Church, the N. the Procuratie for Milan via Veroiia,72 miles from Venice. covers this. He is robed in cloth of gold LiTVeeehiwith Lai Torre On our other Tour we stopped at Verona. with crowiLandceptcx-cros,seauc- L: ,7.1 riugszN " dell' Orologio,) built in 1496, the hours The churches are of fine dimaonds, emeralds rubies, very and sapphires. mostly Gothic, are struck on a bell by two bronze figures. the Cathedral is of the 14th Cent, Upon a silver table the caiidles, and around and conThe Piazze ttais a small square! openingto tains an assuiiiptioir-b- y "Titian and S the room in solid silver is his histhe South near the angle it makes with the Fermo7Maggiore 14th Cent.'" has a from the cradle to' the gravewhile upcarved tory Piazza, is the Campanile and on the.K. side roof of larch wood and in one on all the chairs is his monogram 4r. silver chapel a fine is the Ducal Palace, on the W. the Library We other ascended to the by Caroto, churches the Cathedral and 'Mintj to the seaward the two--- columns tain valuable pictures by Tintoretto con-P from which we had roof of viW ofv the simerb of granite one bearing the winged lion of St. Veronise and other artists. ' Our desire was plains of Lombardy and the snowy A lp.. Mark, the other the statue, of St. Theodore. to see in this old city . the tomb' of Juliet. To -morrow we say farewell to sunny Italy. St. Mark was built in the nth Cent, A rude '; ; -ki Sarcophagus was kept in the rd eii , m r:r-- -; : Byzantine style with Gothic additions of the of an bid Franciscan Monastery on thega Baroness- HiRscii.has given $250,000 to 14th Cent.7and Renaissance alterations of bank' of the Aolige, h.e house of the right Capu-let- s endow a home for ' Hebrew the 17th Cent. Above the portal are the is on the street San Sabastino, consumptive in Kngland, : N ATI ON AL A MK AXN'UAL 1C A N : . ' - a - 1 1 , . - . . -- . , - - 1 ' t t - dun-""geO'n- ' ; 's ' . i.- . - - brother-in-lawo- f Greek-lions-broug- ht t. con-""- " . -. f- rr Th-SU- . pr-vur- es . . f ' . . , for-es- t. - . . JLhe-jquai- nt r . . Jhe-c!oektmve- r i - : bas-reli- ef . altar-piec- e - - : - 