WOMAN'S vvjo had i - coaiftf'iMr-- just -- ..-r- EXPONENT, ill T' rrs-l- .am-ml - lUtrMkljatyr l Cities but of the rest of the stated d..ne my .. either amendment. Mmm!! ' v ? i uum t t h" uviv.ii J' leun r LaiuoriHa and cauioiiua ; T ..',! inr thHl,;rtshitnm,',snr. - r,.,,!. , .: i '?;;,..!! JliU unprove Mir tliem as much as , Wi? auu me the amcuumeui euueatjouai you possibly can. Hiiirea"frietOiribr the last-- ' Uvu.-.vear- w'hi tV continuedIV! SKI. rcH AND RKsdhtrriONS Or KFSrKCT a vge enough number" will be. converted .slum and the vote, November, to ,'vercome To the .memory of Jane Hallows who' departed will, add to our Jlag the star' of thlS ilk: Oct. ! ! th'--i- iy , -- , . the-cniimt-.-- . lwa,- , J ! 1$, iv.j6. was born ut-cea.v- . . hn.AvA, i'. it friends, it is not only in California tii.it we are likely to have atwemhuent cam- country married tni! raetd t't-r- . feb. :S, 1S24 in Lancashire," u James Hallows, March t!uGospel in 'her. native ij, iS.u, emigrated to America on huinl Clara Wheel r, brother I'lu lps was paigns during the coming two .years, die company, moved with her re,'IurlU Nevada and Oregon" and quite probably where-shtu Uhio resided thirteen years. and Montr.na,'.and it diehouves . Washington' i ney tiien removul to wheie she re-- " to study well the plans and methods not !sKlt-di: ten. varN eniira!edto Utah in IS77, (lin Miinroe, Sevier Ct.,- Utah wiiere she only of the two. campaigns ()f last year7but until-tJived. r uhen to.Grasi Valley of nil those preceding, and to try to tlevr.v h evince o :: lv until her demise. I think' but co::iething better if AV Hci'KAi The and supreme Ruler of Kreat th- - one and only sure thing to carry an the univi in his m finite wisdom removed from us too- of our worthy and esteemed sisters amendment is through the organialrm' f t i.' iirt-rs'"ii'd eo J;tne Hallows, and a club Ju every voting precinct of evei'y WunucAV l'hr long and continual relation Kor example look county' of the state. in with th . 'jL' j., djsrliare of her duties ntlv b fitting ihat 'we'tecord our again to California T In every county "thus" ma Ices. it 'organized, .with an active .committee' in apnr i.d30- o'fT!;-itIit, lherelorebe.it the wi sdom and ability which" every voting precinct, who visitetl evtry s::e v a m the aid o! our organization by voter and distributed leaflets in every fam- ', .stnire, cui.tii' ution and counsel will be held in bu-- t t!:-- : hus-ban- .l J , . Nch-rask-a i s-t- t!t ' .shc-arajv- ed ': - am-:)r.- , ; - h-r ; . . This ily, the amendment was carried.' tosufficient to teacli the women ' mi'dif" le grat '.;! renitmhnauVe. RKSi'.vf u, That the sudden renunal of sueh a life irom our rnidst wi leave a vacancy and a hadjA' that uili be ;dee ply "felt by all the niemr hers and will prove a severe loss to the society ; and with de.ep. sunpathy with the bereaved relatives of the deceased we express our hopes that stj -- reat a loss ioi5""all may be over- rated for v:'d by Him that loeth all things well. oat a copy oi un-sKES.01.V1.0. resolutions oe in a record our book,, copy sent to the placed bereaved family and one to the Woman's to be published. . . " At the resurrection morning We .shall all appear as one Oh what robes of bright adorning Will the righteous then put on." Sarah Burr, Pres't. . -- : - , laur tfiat: hime todi y "is a new sun stars .that shine touinht- arc. new sf::H ...'iwmn nnJv .. .. I . . l.,.rtin ' Ifllv. wii.lvi'c'1J4V lilt. ' , O they might all appear' new, buutly have ever existed, confirming" always to God's immutable laws. The sn.MHilderine: thouirhts and fwlrmrs accumulating in woman since the time that Kve and her husband from the Garden of iideu began to make themselves manifest when the Pilgrim Mothers and their husbands, severing themselves from their old life, Set out for the shores of became" more tangible when our America.; Pioneer Mothers with their. husbands turned' their backs on old disquietude and dauntlessly pursued their way toward the setting suu here in., this .fair slate to seek peace and room for their greater"" needs f and have culminated in a set of women with opportunities to cultivate the brains and muscles God has given .them, and with brains and muscles to cultivate g reater opportunities. -- The alarmist who with upturned eyes and. of the head fears- that woman is becoming too. independent has ' cause for his fears. txx en,, J iiVi VllJ J 1. 1'VUU tl WiHJ he is to and that going strength, try or--th- e . - A V " 1 7 1 I I V V . 1 T V ' -- were-thrus- t nx-li- y - ke 1 1 TV . strength to the'utmost. . . , r She is going to be just as independent as huiibe.to. states that what we wan; her heart, conscience and soul will. permit... house educational work throughout every She will never rest until she has tasted all voting precinct. We may carry'ah amendment the sweets and bitternesses heretofore rewith educatioil short of this, but we are not served for man only. She 'will know what likely to. I believe if the slums of San there is in life without any 'second hand Fraiicisco and Oakland had been- tlius opinions from her brother. .organized even those men could have been With such aids as this noble institution made to see that it was for their interest she will seek the knowledg necessary for and the interest of their wives and daughther advancement, and, better still, she will ers to 'ote for the amendment. But while train her daughters into that much feared the tifiragists'had. no committees in Ihose indeendenee and greater expansion of low (TmsTrdistricts7lhe " liquor., meu had will train her spirit; but best of an active, committee in every" possible .pLSSL im'tb;t thHr 1oye for th? ;hiimn race lies saloon., dive, or gambling llolise throughout In behalf of the Relief Society. not in the hindering, but in the 'helping of the entire section. I am- - therefore more . woman's progress. and more convinced that it is educational The idea that woman is not born with as work that needs to be done, It is of. little N'KW WOMAN. Till; great mental attainments as man I will uot use for us to make our appeals upan nationfor one moment entertain ; for so long as al political party conventions, or congress, 1JV KI.SIK MISS DKIJVKKED AX ADDRESS. women are the mothers of their sons, they or the state legislature for resolutions" in ADA TAVST. must bequeath according To the laws of favtJr" of woman's enfranchisement, while -heredity their mental, moral and physical no appeal comes up to them from the rank '.the 'at Alumni University characteristics to those sons, and so long as At the Banquet "' ; and ii!e of the voters. of Utah'. women have men for their fathers by those Qui worktherefofe, K)r the"cQming'year same laws must tuey inherit is to push locid organization more"' thorough- made Miss i address the by hollowing masculine qualities. alumni the at ly. than ever before, and to do that work Faust Ada University Hlsie Writers and speakers have been so busy but we if even last 'precinct by precinct, compass banouet year separating the sexes and theoretically' "ewas" called I one county of a state when indeed the vvas Just yean pleased during ndowing each with -- separate' elements, of a su tin: ire club in- one city and another nnou laruaDond'to the toast of the "Jew character that they have not had time. to ..does the voters. For instance, Woman: the ' expectancy and rose of the see (and the misunderstanding of this subThev suly'ect truly a great ject depends largely on "the lack of seeing) jn.my ;ity of Rochester", with a population fair stale." f 15 oo, we have one club, whereas we oncjs one near to my heart,' and the only that there is no difference, for if we look - with in it the was have -- nTfe findwell we will find that" all the twenty wards and I do not know fault I had to .wow i;:auy voting precincts, but the business adjective new. supposed to be wholly feminine v t:iat one is club should be to liud perscms f he new woman, propeny speaKiug, may oe louna just as onen 111 man .as 111 in -h or born yesterday woman and all the noble traits and "attrtoday 0112 of" those precincts to' take the the female infant as ibutes of which men have assumed a such occasions oil considered Fr'l !it and go from house to house, leav and to be hence. ""lerature, holding meetings etc., etc. this some twenty years monopoly appear just as often in woman. the of woman new the witimi the boundary lines of that one is "' Then, there all at considered be to to Until we do this kind of house funny papersnot The new woman, or .rather woman in hou--work we can never expect to carry "mythical monstrosities clothed in men's does not look down on her - endowed with men's faults, equipped her newdight, of the are attirthere states which in large aj fellow man as is commonly supposed ; not at Clt'. Had Idaho had San Francisco with for men's work without womanly beauty,, all, for she knows however short he may .destitute of all ils liquor men and and wholjy. banded dignity womanly foreigners fall below the ideal, she- may1 not do any she would have had as hard a human sense. ' brain better. to carry her amendment and would creature born cf .some over-tireAnd you will find, though bicycle have been defeated as was at a time of desperation, with the laudable pr.bly mounted, with her voluminous sleeves.set alitornia. excuse that it were better to make people. to the breezes, she will not take more than hu; friends 1 am not" in any sense di,' laugh than to weep; All she asks is equal sua consider, her half of the. road. ntr woman wewoman hrtened. and whtfe reioire exceed in civ any more start and privileges down" the race of life. over Idaho, ! also is not a new. "though, the over grand rejoice 1 r of-th- e I i - . e 1 - Ex-roNiz- , ! all,-sh- e j i , ... ; i : , so-calle- d ! ; : . . J - 4 not--reac- ' vanities-and-fault- j e- ; i pre-Cir-- ' L. - ; ; to-g.i.v- - d slr--4gl- v , ti. T , s 