WOMAN'S '. v . .rr from tne many FTjrers who were present, ih ntM-t'JM toi:K.a..lO:v oistaiife. in look at the stand, one ;;id . - -- -- 1 .as-:i,,r alfe ' - - - . was 1 - ,,,,1 f ,. ,. .,11 tpe p.rafr .He has many ne .,re ' . ai. iPe ';is't'N- as so many ofr the and. brethren were present';---...J lollops ' The next speaker was 'Counselor TIattie brown, who said rdiedelt we were indeed a blessed people to have the privilege of meeting, together so often, and felt en- .ourad to see .the interest takeii in the Relief Society work. She believed all felt ir 7i pieaMiie as well as a duty to com fur .aid bless those who are in need, and was very pleased to see,. our old friend, Sister' ;hnihS. Richards with us 'this morning.' She said she loved to meet with the sisters, meet- and felt sure they would, have a ., Tr"!:-- .n7a:,vX-eaf-s miesthood mcx'tin" . EX PONKXT ' ,. - :' .,. oeneictor to AVeber cour.ty SierdJhtuer:-aUho.a- -- l i quant u.n-fi.M- Hhw i.flf-- ReUef Socieiy of Kanosh 'of5 chosen Pre&teit ward and for nearly Acarlia hbcrr.-vnt.u .j, , ,he j;);u fiiithfulJy .p.ahf.d for that ,H,sit o ,ly bring a woman u ho haO a grvat reverence for the ' been a . . 4- Wort- - "u-- - . t in-tlut d .t. u i. neMtiooij. ami nor nreseiice tTuiini- wim 11 f e.t(y. shu was consciuu to the last and .called her y ..ildren and grandchildren around her bed and a f.tiilif-'itt sjini' iiiN to'tlte trutlLof'the Gov i'-'f I, u:pi v;Vt! ' in to and ste.T(lfa.st in the yo'ik o! Got!, thtji away. The oauSe t hi r u.is catanh of the head ami differed greatly. The funeral tonuch and sa" tauk-- the direction of the nifinbt-rof the Ue iLI Society and was beautifully conducted. ' - - n'Jt hear, she enjoyed eomjn i could the .. meel-iis.y.- r the Spirit of the Lurd was- here..' Our Relief "Society' was organized' by the Prophet Joseph Smith, who was fro;n 0:1 high. She was glad 'that she had had the privilege' of 'listening, to'the Iuphet' Jo.vepvh Smith. She defiled l live He it the lite of a iaithjul Latter-daSaint. Rksolvj i, rhat as our Heavenly Father has President Jaae" S. Richards, said there' taken onr beloved Presislent and sister to her would be a lunch served in the building, ut' h Ijotn ". that ue desire to emulate her' noble example and .th.it we herewith express our which all were Invited tu partake., for her children-angfand-- i After prayer, the meeting' adjourned till hvai ff(.k.synipadiy, 'Fiildr; n. IV it farttier two o'clock. Ki.soLVi:n Tiiat the-e- " resolutions be placed on Th:e aiternoon Einham said she was of the sk iety and a copy sent to the with Sister Jeau:-U-ope;ied sing vVuman's Kxro.sr nt for publication. Roll caueu thankful that slie could bear the same testi- .; ing and rayer. eleven a r.LKANoa lxAri iaivi1:. Firt Conunselor. 'niony today that she had always bonie, and presidents present. Alice J; 1aitlevk, Secretary.----Sirkr aiah Ilunt, Adalim' Pelnaj):. and ITi .iTs!iclrrved "Hebe f Soe iety workTriie" Lord' hud blessed her in j;ivin nL'r strength Mary Ann Wallace rave verv encou lading ...AN UFFERING OF LOVF. .j reports of their 'associations. 'Mi&cieiit-tattend to her labors, Sister .Iary MtOuarrie said that shediad Sister Kmily S. Richards, of Salt' Lake In hnin rtnieniisrance of the first anniversary the She the addressed .because the next f joined rReI:ef meeting. Society the death of Sifter Ann Rob'erts .Irithths, Cihy sislera who had been invited tu do' so, - iid it always gave her pleasure to meet younger drp.uted this li!e Dec. 2r), 1S95 at Union, S lit Lake Co., Utah. with her sisters in Ogdeh, where she first'; and had been greatly blessed in meeting We' feel that lier lear name should be recorded her Relief Society work, also- her with 'the sisters. She s,iid- we cannot al uuhin the sacred folds of. the Woman's Kxro.N,-tin. vnmur I'lOmc It carried her ways tell where ourduty lies, but by askAs a woik NT, which he so dearly loved to read. ' ,1. to in s Xcu the ICIiza the was Lord iite sketch to the Dcsctxt at .R. ing MCv printed tlje' time when Sister point out those who are in will ot few a mention ol her we' death'," only Sii'. ov used to coine and visit the sisters and distress, either mentally or physically, we time the noble traits of her character. Mes them so abundantly with words of will be led to the right people. " I am Sister Griffith embraced the Uuth in her native if sure more our of told would She f.md, the only one in the family who obeed the Bishop McQ'uarrie young people jitai wisdom. come to these meetings they would eniov tiospel. She sacrifices for the Gos t:iU morning how disappointed she felt s of which was in' tearing herself one sake, when, she found that Sister Zina Voting them." i a loving mother who fainted when Brother K. S. Richards addresed the sisnot on the. train. He said, "never daughter bade her e.ood bye to cast her lot for a ters said time. short He he in was of house the are a itn the people ol God. Sider Griilith always Siter bhnily, you friends." She could not tell how pleased to be invited to "meet' with his Aept when s:ie relate.il this sad parting. Siie w,l them.dier vf fifteen children, six r of he had appreciated Bishop Me- - r Ogden friends, and it gave him pleasure to whom are new living. She was a 7 widow 35 he Worked iu the irrie's encouraging words during her think of the years. She held the marriage covenant with her with the young women of Ggdeu. missionary held with his brethren iir Weber '.usbatid sac red. Ike dcvoit'd son.s. were always i:er dearest companions. i!ter her family had was glad that a number of our you fug county, some of whom are present and -rrtwu UV TivvtrtHerr tiUj. to t ttMre-ttf-- 1 titrdirt I'MllCtl Lilt. f Society, they :omc Iiave pa.Vs.u a.vay. lie pi;KL' u oia.-.,- . sick and day without money and without night uld. be greatlv benefited bv mintrlinjr of encouragment to the sisters and .said ; the p ace, sacrificing her own comfort .cortmtfally for a ith their older sisters. If we are to be Lore! would bless them in their labors and tii'e good ot others a more' kind and loving hand soothed the aching head than the hand of show them where to go, when .they were in by thought, word and deehow - -- ; t- i e In-tru- .in-hir- ed -- s r ; . . ! i!u-refort-- . y : - j ! o-x- l ' . j i tiu-reconl- se-it'- s 1 ' ' - .. ' . h-- jaii - . - -- 1 . ' -- made-man- P'-- l a.vay-fro'iiiv-- r y.-u- j r -- " time-whe- n : j ; J la.-ve- r ; o n One of the most beautiful traits (hh.'ith S)itt-- r j e fchd rac t e r waTTTer love TTo ri t"t Te (ThTTdreTfy times, was pleased to see that so many he could bear testimony that his mother's ii;ey uouid flock around her and she would i speak, to them in her kind lov- hidiops could take time to. meet with the health had improved since she had been ajs have tune towere the tears shed by the little ig way. Many tLis in. Conference, and appreciate the connected with Relief Society ork. and' he was o called to leave them Her she when ies 4' odvoric they did in visiting the widows j prayed that the. sisters might: continue in ve was great for her sisters in the Relief Soci'-- ! the.'b their labors of love. the office of Counselor to Sister -i iatherless,7elt it.a pity that more of e ', she hel is-" the-sassociation authorities' of ViThe Jhrzabeth were., with j' Kscmuds, they were united in love.: (the yuang sifters could not meet Siie dearly loved and cherished the counsels of ters of the Relief Society,' as they, would be . presented and sustained, and after singing, Eliza R. Snow." When at the and benediction by Bishop Dye, Lonierence j. our beloved , greatly benefited by so doing. femple a year. before her death, Sister Zina D. Brother I). H. Peerv next addressed the; was adjourned for "three montliis.,. 'oung placed her arms arouud her and blessed ; bi:c. pro km. her ; she testified it was as an angel's blessing, Asters in his. usual pleasing manner, giving more than gold tj her. The writer feels to exthem ..excellent .counsel. He sp ke claim; of the labors of the sisters, and IX ME.MQRI.VM. ' "Little deeds of kindness ud that he loved to attend their meetings.. Little words of love, Said he had been RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. impressed 7 by the Makes our earth an Eden, greatly v 7 hst-o- f above.1' the Like Heaven delinquent tax. payers, said the peos ofheers the and f Resolutions adopted by ple had thought that it was their enemies osh Reoef Society in memory of of th" S;.ster (irilhth loved the Gospel, was "acquainted - it would bring them into bondage, but their belov co i resident, Sister Adeha A. Kimba!J,' with the Prophet Joseph Smith, and testified of that they had brought it upon themselves who departed ihisdi.'e after a'lingerim,'- illness, tne great power that he posessed ; she saw tti,e 6S years,- 7 nuh ths and 16 October 1S95, being' 19, "of the bodies dead Prophet-- and his brother living beyond their means and running in days old. She was the daughter of Catharine and Hyrum,zafter they "were martyred for the truth, . debt..-- That he could:. remember when it ESer Wilcox, and was born in Shand.50 county, and. often spoke of, tlieumVersal sadness which little to satisfy the people in this New York. She was baptized into the Church pi evaded at that time. She was driven from her t rritorv,. but it was not so how'. He said of Jesus Christ of Luter-- iy Saints when, eight' home in Nauvdb, and shared in the hardships and old. of a speaker, and cuiild years persecutions of the Saintsat that time. he en- Vj Ilia m I In ton who vAskiii She to meet her loved y ured To the end and has f ? :h-.- ! I al-- 1 j 1 ! ; . I l i;' ; Si-ste- r . . - . -- - . -- ' - , : me.n-ber- '- - '' - , . d - beautifiibthitip-he tried to "'speak.' thevky, and s like the ststrbut truth in his abrupt all the sisters' knew that; D, H. i'eery was no hypocrite, he " .told the truth. ' bet her people liked it or not. He ehjoy and for inviting him to attend. Counselor Charles F. Middleton also ui praise of the work- of the" sisters. ;dddie,had known Sister Emily KichHrds thanked-Shitef-ich- ards - - Grst-marrje- . ed by Indians at Fillmore, which left her a widow with three small children ; she was afterwards married to President Heber C. Kimball and lived in his family until her daughter Mary. Eliz 1 Was married to Abraham Kimball with vvhon: she resided until her death. She has endured many for the Gospel's sake buta -- trials iijicLpersectjtions was never heard to murmur or complain. She" was of a kind and gentle disposition, was full of charity and always had a' word of comfort for the sick and aflic'ted; She was never known to endorse a slander or encourage gossip. gone ones, w ho are many. ' Oh what could be more valuable Than treasures laid in Heaven Where moth and rust cannot corrupt And thieves no place are given. The precious gold, the diamonds rare, On e'artli their hom ige claiming Yet with eternal endless life - Compared, they're not worth naming. v ' : ,. 