II 11 5n IV V A V The 1tall ot in the Hands V.OL.' of the W CONTENTS: I, k 'j; r( For Women. v .j,iiokiai.: The - Tribuff Of.Honor. A . The Prophet -- : v ' Smith. : 15, h) ; i j : - ' 7 No. is Vea.ds fallen is fallen, and .become, Oh, alas ! ' The son of perdition;. the devil of hell And while I was yet in the Spirit of trUh, The commandment was: w:rite ye the vision all -- ' out; For Satan, old serpent, the devil's for war, And yet will encompass the saints round about. ! ' h - . And I saw. too, the suffering and misery of those, (Overcome .by the 'devilin warfare and fight,) and- - vengeance; the. doom of the Iji ' thrmned; For the Lord said, the vision is further: so write. ' . hell-fire, - A VISION. 7s977 "7 ! I Joseph ewe. the State and the Nation. i:i run,-Thru.ug- Clnldrens' Juhiit. Editorial Notes. Vision A I'oi.iKY: ' ; MARCir CTAH, . - 1 better the spirit beheld, ,yt; ,,f Hi,. ;HH;r m m "lr:v (Ji S(.e. hteniity sketched in a. vision from .IiM, Of what Was and n.hv is, and yet is to Iks Those things ul.i.h the Father ordained of old! Before the woild was, r a system had' Jesus the Makei and Savior of all,. Tiie oidy U gotten.-It-ssiaHis Son. ( If whom' I hear retard, as all proplu t.s have, And the record bear is' tlx fulness,- - yea even Tile truth of the GospeJ of Jesus -- Zv Christ, With whoni I converged-1:the vision of heaven For while in .the act. of translating his word, Which theT.ord iii h:s grav-- had appointed to -- -- , LAKK CIT jQ,ci)h..t!,--,ro;.:,ttv- Wffjo And As A National Ju si ion Mrs. I. sUrown. Silver Wedding E. P. F. C'.ir K. Mrs. M. C- Woods' Speeclu. In Memoriam, S. Reports. U. .W. P. C.Orielle Curtis Sec. .S;:v-- r v ,, J " SAM 25. shcuU.h 7,.v i7M?y r X. . o ' TO W. W.I JIKU ANSVVKR Hi! .S. I For thus saith the Lord, now concerning all tlwsc Who know of my power and partake of the ' same; And Suffer themselves, that they be overcome By the.power of Satan; despising my name: , Defying my power, and denying the truth; They, are they of the world, or of men most forlorn,' The sons of Perdition, of whom, ah I say, T were better for them had they never been . , came to the gop recorded !v J'hn, Chapter hith and tlie twenty-nint- h verse which " you'll ste. ' 1 . Co IVitk Mc.) I will go, to the hojne of the Saints, Whtre the virtue's the value, and life the. will I go, reward ISut I ' " ... . tartli; .An reioice ye inhabitants truly ag tin; For the Lord he is God, and his life never ends, And besides him there ne'ur was a Savior of men. 1 '' -- veii: pi.;poit .' From .. - Great tiings of the future I'll show unto them, the vast generations to rise; For thdr wisdom and glory shall be very great, And their pure understanding extend to the Yea, things of . as.e, '. ' Ar : e fore I i Uve i.iil '' them the wisdom of wise men shall ' ' of rirudent ones nice lindprstnndmp' . 0 . he 1 secretTancT plalTs of mwII Firrevealr sanctified pleasures vhen earth is renewed, .;.Vliauthe eyejiath not seen,riior; the ear hathyet ''heard;. " .. ... 7 :: the heart viewed'' ' '',;;.". ; oT "' .. the; iiatural '..' Which burnetii with brimstone, yet never consumes, And dwell with the deviL. and angels of his, While eternity goes and eternity comes. - of him, And now after all of the proofs-madBy. witnesses truly, by whom he was known, This is mine, last of all, that he lives; yes he lives And sits at the. right hand of God on his throne. e . -- And I. heard a great voice bearing record from 'heaven, He's the Savior, and only begotten of God-- By him, of him.andthrough him, 'the worlds '' were all ma'de, , Even all that career in the heavens so broad. ."' ':. .ft'.: T."'" first the to the last, from WhoSe inhabitants, too, Are saved by J he very sam...Savipr of ours; And, of course, are "begotten God's, slaughters. r t and sons, By the very same truths, and the very same , powers. And I saw and bear record of warfare in heaven-Fo- r an angel of light in authority great, Rebelled against Jesus, and sought for his power But was thrust down to woe from his Codified - '.-- -' "" ' '. 1 . . .. .;''.', rriah' ever hath ; ' ;': state. And denying the only begotten of God, And crucify him to themselves, as they do, And openly put him to shame in their flesh. ' By gospel they cannot repentance renew. fire, ! '. . They are they, who must go to the great Lake of ' - For the liglu ,of my spirit shall light mine elect, , An the truth is so mighty 't will every prevail. nd.-t- l ! . And and the' Lamb, For ever and ever, amen "and amen ' in Kolob, to.time on the earth ' And f ages to come unto them I will show My plea-a- re and will, what my kingdom will do; Eternity's wonders they truly shall know '!. 'been,' In holiness worshipping (io th.-.counc- v- . holy-applause- h . - to honor the saints with repose; That serve me in righteousness true to the end; Eternal's their glory and great their reward; FU surely reveal all my mysteries to them, The great hidden mysteries in my kingdom : . ! 'My delight is store' Of whom it is'said, no forgiveness is given, In this world, alas! nor the world that's to , come; For. they have denied the. spirit of God, After having received it: and misery's their doom. ' Hosanna forever they opened anon, And the glory of God shone around where I was; And there was-thSon, at Mie Father's right hand, In fulness of glory, and I beheld round the throne holy angelsand hosts, " And .sanctified beings fro in worlds that 'have same, and his years never fail. For thus saith the Lord, ;n the spirit of truth, . I arn jjiercifuirgracHus,-and.-goo.unto those ! That fear me, and live for the life that's to come; - Through the terrific night of eternity's round, With the devil and all of his angels below: - throne is the heavens, his lifetime.is all Of eternity now and eternity th&i; His u:;:on is power, and none stays his hand, ..The Alpha, Omega, forever : Amen. t ' !ect: His - woe marveled at these resurrections, indeed ! For it came unto me by the. spirit d!re-:tAnd while 1 (lid meditate what it all. meant,... : The Lord touched the eye of my own inte-- I lad not; fiuni age u:itu age He still is the They're vessels of wrath, and dishonor to God. Doomed to suffer his wrath in the regions of ' . wonder; his 'wisdom is great; The extent of his doings there's none" can His ways are a His ! . . ' : "'And shall come forth: '.They who have done good in the resurrection ' ' ''of the ju-- t. '"And they who have dune evil in the resurrection, . "of the unjust." Wherefore,' hear, O ye heavens, and give ear O . - " 'Speaking of the resurrection of the dead, "'oDCenuug liaise wiio shall hear the 'voice, of "the son of man before I. return to my former estate nu:t fulfill the mission I had from the Lord. ye ........ Which was given as follows: ' - '";' 7 -.l- ' '-:'..''; .v And the heavens all, wept, and the tears dropped ' like dew, That Lucifer, soti of the morning had fell V ; . . - They are they, who must groan through the great second death, And are not redeemed in the time of the Lord; While all the rest are, through the triumph of Christ, Made partakers of grace by the power of his word. ' . The mystery of Godliness truly is great; The past, and the present, and what is tobe; And this is the gospel glad tidings to all7 Which the voice from the heavens - bore record 7to me. p ! That he came to the worlcHh the middle of time To lay down his life for h is friends and his foes. And bear away sin as a mission of love. And sanctify eath for a blessed repose. 'Tis decreeci that he'll save all the work of his nands, And sanctify them by his own precious blood; And purify earth for the Sabbath of rest, By: the agent of fire, as it was by the flood. y . 