EXPONENT. WOMAN'S ... ... , cnnaren ;w;is At'.' inc pleased te'fcUj in:ttUKt?iut&:;new upon by ihu:.' lives to the end. restoration of the. Gospel,' the be tirin atuh&Aihiiil In our Tin .shsters. - Dice. Conference adjourned till 2 o'clock. Sing. the U. V, P. C. held- its'; l uiher. and of the sjnd Kifts 11,-me w ' ri hTTvhat "Is" right ;'7tlUmi'd'by';.Sw. reeular meettni: at the oil ICC oi il. t niched upon hi 'pleasing manner. man's Kxtonknt; "The ." Present les-- e X. Smith. complimented ter Mary S. Clark, convened at 2 o'cK-chn.. President "called .to order at "7.30 p. . .Afternoon session said and. work their tmouon trnr asters Ruth M. Fox presiding After prayer was they treasured up their faith somewhat like singing " C). say what is truth ;" 'prayer ' Wht i r L. I). A ider .; singi n blister 'offered .by Dr. Shipp, the secretary -- called from draw mid a bank cut in. we put money. the roll, '.each "member responding with a it aV occasion" demands; .Was thankful for the voice of frieii(lshi's heard. Oh the stand were Counselor Joseph K, sentiment front Mrs. Hemans. Minutes oi the of the sisters and for their 'willingness and J Ider then read and approved;;'! last meeting said Taylor of ihe Stake Presidency ;;the efficacy.-of.of prayer, knowledge . H. Taylor and K, 15, Wells Bishoj-GA motion there could be no doubt but that the SaT.-J-and carried by vote of clubAliaLirsJ?.mily Taylor. President I Ion -. vior's choicest moments were spent' with" Cotinselijr i ....1. r"ri--uVi-.1. ameiauex. .breth-renr b, Kiciiarusi)em,aue and others. Urn- - gave a few words of welcome to the Magdalen Mary Mary, Sister H. W.- Smith made a fev regramme for the next meeting was presented ; ,llljounlaj for,sij(f months. . , com-marks and Georgiaiina V. Voung spoke in v 1?isJI by Mrs. L. I). Alder and the program Stake Secretary.. 1)Ku behalf of the Kindergarten and its benefit mittee 'dismissed. Mrs. h. Ik Wells,. Mrs.. were C. Ivlla W. Hyde and Mrs: P. Young to the young, hoped the'sisters would come SALT LAKE STAKE, members-Presi-dethe as j to their aktby taking a inembershiji. appointed by the of Conference Under f the committee. MiMTKS of the next program Ouarterly Sister SJ M. Kimball said our ;oI)ject in . in Pox held business;-PresStakeRelief the Salt Lake spoke Society, the head of new together was to do each other" good, Dec. club of the ward th 19 the. Trying the 4 in regard to "Assembly, Hall, necessity ave 'her 'support to the kindergarten work, for' light, heat and room lor "their meetings, Preshlent ftrti; was were ou Counselors stand' the made Present was the. but. No motion matter, ir.g. Counselor A. T. Hyde, thought the Re - left for the- - eonsiderrttionof the - club. " A - Annie. T. Ilvde and Clara C. Cannon,'. "Siswork the best of aJl our itstitU;-- ' M. the to .S. W. McDonald K. W. Mrs. Ik ters from Julia" Smith, letter Taylor, were to look after lions as its Ird' the poor,- hadrequirements II. W. P, C. was read by the Sec'y." The "Witotx..ar.d,Iy. D. Alder, Singing attended recently the Sanpete M. :." now 'follows th.ee as before was come ve by Paper prayer Relief Society conference, and their- 'reports evening's program " Miss We thantc Ihee. O, were fine,- they had 'made W. W ilcox : singing live yards ".Pilgrim Women of New England,". " Mrs. of tMar: J of ciolh in God. for a Prophet. '1 Monroe. ; Poem." Year', of, Jubilee. for :or the pc: oesmcs Spring City ' Mar read and and A...Caine Pox. Paper " John Ruskin,' Mrs. . Wilaccepted felt the garet other things quilts, stocking ytc. cox. Dr.. Pratt was excused from giving" gnet V.'' Taylor sustained as her successor. older sisters voting women- as well as the her paper on account of sickness. It. 11 called, treasurer's report read and should-takSoeictv" in Relief arTlutcrest. On motion made mid carried that J; he minutes, of; last Conference read and work. " '' v critic's report be given ' next - meeting and 'approved,'"." Sister h. D.' Alder spoke of her love an i unlimited sisters welcomed be Horne the critic President allowed, that the scope , interest iir the society work and made other in her criticisms. Adjournment was now and rejoiced to, .see' thera, spoke- on the interesting remarks.. in order, benediction Mrs. Margaret A, calamities abroad, said the Lord was mcrci- Sister Julia C. Howe spoke of the great fid t His children here in the. chambers of Cainc. Society had been lo her, blessing refered to the CiruTis, the Sec'y. mountains, Okikijj: felt to give her support to the Kindergarten different the circumstances nial, compared k' . work.,,that hid taken place jn fifty years, urged Sister Stevenson bore a strong testimony tNRlo ill! I'J). of branches' the the Relief several upon to the Gospel and her; love for 'the Relief to look after the " the r feet Society poor, was thought sweetness", MfTHoCght mv love ; v Society. be mothers to their Presidents should a t,( K. T, as h.eart Joseph. 1 we were a and in wards; virtues people progressive the' all With completeness, and SQukin the Relief Society work, also 1., should not stand still when so much good Held foo'in ample boimtcou store. gave his hearty support to the Kinderbe could annot serve W'g accomplished. a sad but 'tis delusion, Alas, garten, spoke on the evils that were creep-- i " (im! and Mammo!!' AVe must not nee-A fleeti'nir nhantomfate miiii .denlure. ea' r ties t- n g i n to ou r-- m i d s tand-- ii conwill duties' we or come under .lect.our Apart c7t' in still seclusion, to the mothers in looking after their I mourn for love that returns no more. demnation, made other timely and instruct-- , appeal xx. children.,J : ive remarks.. Yet one ray. in my vale of sorrow, Elder George Goddard 'spoke 01k the Sister "Francis spoke in behalf, of the WoFrpm hope's bright star cheers the. path' I fre ch a n gei mi rja st da y, aiul the good that v man's store," said- - she" desired Guides upvail towards a blissful morrow, would result from that change. "Sang to make the store a success, was willing to Where eternal life restores' the dead. " he t lis gather up. tlie' sunbeams. " v"" ' article make that ... would want any M.H.anyone l. President Horne rfade a few. closing reand as reasonable. ; hoped the sisters would marks and Conferences was. adjourned for:; patronize it, would.like to'raise five hundred three; months; R. S. REPORTS. Singing Doxologv bene- dollars j ust mow and hoped the sisters diction bv Bishop G II. Taylor. would take some shares, said she had enjoyMargarkt Y. Taylor, Sec. SXOWKL'AKIC STA'KK. ed the good spirit that .was here, and prayed : God to bless all. .President Home spoke ; wedkr stAkj-:.,hdiior Woman's Exponent again in behalf of the store and "laid she The Weber Stake Relief Society met in l ConferRelief The fe It tl e day wo Id co e when s u ch a store .Society Conference December 10, iSy.6, in the ence of the Snowflake vStake was avouM be needed among us. 7 1 bird Kcclesiastical waid house. Sister Ik S.- Taylor felt as earnest as ever President JaneS.-- ' Richards meetingTaylor, Nov. 28, '96. presiding. On account 'of sickness the attendance in the RelieLSociety vork. The progress was offered Prayer Bishop Ferrin. was small, but, that did not' in the least preof the Relief Society had been great and to President Jane S. Richards was pleased to' vent the' flow of the Holy Spirit. The day ourselves it had done we were better the have .gcd, privilege of meeting so "many of was cold Jand; clear and those who came-frotter--d- a Saints when; "we attended to our her brethren and sisters in Conference. a distance were delighted, to nn.d the (it anckour hearts turned-wit- li a desire She said she had great confidence in the and comfortable. to look' after the poor, Refered to. the meeting house-warfelt the , sisters were doing all priesthood, in Only four statistical and financial; .reports f our eil(t reading;hi to help the: sick and ueecfv in swiety meetings had been sent in, but .the" few .presidents ine cnurcii works, snoke on the Srnl-and counselors that were present gave very officers being invited tov visit the various tlieir (iiiierent associations, that she never had trouble in the sisters to '""'' ,. encouraging verbal reports. wards and stir the associations up by their turn-ou- any and do their getting part. She often comThe"teachtngswere such as to awaken presence and good con use! , we all needed pared the, first organization of the Relief interest in the Relief Society work and the Holy Spirit to aid us, for God prayed Society with those of today, and thought inspire all with the belief that the presiding to bless each and every one. they were growing spiritually asveiras-i- n lsisters. were, faithful audi sincere:- - in their cn- Cv;un-cioC!ara" CrCaiinoTT it 1 numbers. Said we. certainly are- better deavors to perlorm tne great work required feast for her to listen to the sisters sneak to help the poor than we were in oi. ineniv that had been so valiant in- the cause, was prepared "years gone by, was desirous of hearing .. v. tJ;A'-- .; P. C , ' . ju:" tnnnmg uit. . o! m jmr ' . j - ; ;3ytofetml: - - 39,-1896- , subj-icbuer- e ar ' 1 9 j '' . . . ' ' ; - . ' ' j w-er- was-mad- . . rs, ' . by-vM- e George-Goddard- , C. . - 1 1 - . . . ( , - ; i , 1 j 1 sprrittttrl-tmtitrr-wou- lti J : -l- ief-Society j j - - seventv-Agnatio- j ; -- - f '"" - - - , " - - - j Sehii-Centen- the-Relie- - ! - -- ' : . j . . I - , I . j i ' j . 1 - : 1 - : ' . ade-c-ai- i ,. . : 11 Co-operati- - " , ; . " ' ; - . - - ' semi-annua- 1 11 111 . held--at-- - , 1 ' m they-cou- ld p . - t w r m-i- 'o - - x. 