Ex i W OMAN'S r,.. vvctc more dune for them than formerly . and the f present age ol the world seems one in MksV Margaret F. Stkll, which children are more considered than Relief Society of the 1st Ward in they ever were before, 'and the tendency the .received a visit i: may be to make them 'selfish' and exacting Lake City, recently unless great wisdom is used by parents and her sister from Whom she had been sepai Mrs." V, teachers in their training. Iris good to ed fcr more, than forty years. have love but not too much indulgence, not worth, Mrs. Steel's sifter, resides at sent in Audovef, Mass., and is a 'me;;i even on holidays. The children should be made as happy as of the Congregational church; at that pL. lived at Lawrence where h possible with n;ce and comfortable gifts Formerly she husband ,was engaged in manufacturii from those who love them, but meantime remember the Lord gives us all things and dress goods'. . It was at Lawrence," M.: it is to him we must be grateful for all that the sisters parted when Mrs. Mrs. Walworth arrhc d came to Utah. 'blessings. November 5,, and the following Sunday When the Saints who settled these valthe fast meeting in the ist.Ward, leys came here they asked the Lord in humility and in faith to bless this land and spoke a" lew moments of her pleasure :a and multi, ke being in their midst. Afterwards she make it fruitful, to prosper-the, in Relief in the that w r.l Societymeeting ply ' their blessings temporally and spiritual-ly. The Lord heard, and answered their and said she was proud of her sister pres prayers, and the land overflows with plenty tug over such a Society, organized lor ' and we and our children must not forget of charity. that the Lord lias given us the.se great "... Mrs. Wahvorth in. visiting places o: in. terest visited the Hall of Relics in wj :h blessings. children are .who In the early days our she found great pleasure, and in fact ae their of now. men and women with children enjoyed all she saw and heard while h,re. are that and thinks she may return here if she can own, did not have the good things faththe and and mothers so plentiful now, make satisfactory disposal of .her on H;rty at ers gave them any- little, simple gifts in the Last.' John Karquahar, broib r of. had if and were such times Mrs. Steel, is a prominent citien in 'i'.iv they very glad litfood to the and clothes warm give plain gow, Scotland, having been City Council- tle ones, and the children were as content man for many ears and now hold.-- the and with rag dolls candy j. office of Bailif for life appointed by' the now as are tiiey dougunuts and queen. with the abundance of sweetmeats and w:.x Brother and Sister Alexander Steel are dolls and ornaments cf all sorts. Then we old residents of Salt Lake City and highly used to tell the children stories for there and although they have no famwere few books to give them, now they respected, themselves they are happy in ily except have story books in abundance and papers each other's society and as members of the for children full of nice little things funChurch of Jesus Christ with which they becurious to and them. and please ny delight came identified years ago in their native What good men and women they ought to which they left to gather with the, condi- - land, all fo tions and opportunities. On the blessed Christmas day let us hope 1)2 a there will-no- t hungry child or an unA movement "is now on foot in St. Louis happy one in all Utah.k'but ever)' one be Mo., to, secure a medal of honor 'rum Conprovided with plenty to eat so they may be free from anxiety on tint one day in all the gress for Mrs. Delina Roberts, cf 4:67 Chouteau for Jieroic action during year, and if every one who has plenty and the Civil Avenue, War, when she was only sixteen to spire ivill give to one poor family, then President McKinley has bid to be sure there will be no want in all the years old. the matter before the War Department, and laud and every heart will be made glad. it is expected that it will be acted upon soon after Congress assembles. MUSINGS AND MEMORIES. . O NE NT .in -t-- . . HMMELINE ANSIS Etiitcr. WELLS, H. WhLLS CASMJ.W hditral CntrtbtTt iCwu), m Mut uuc iuY r.?l sr Terms: one ro:v orte vctr. 4i.oo: one copy six months, N' j re luct: a in.v'.e t cliibs. City papers dfhv'o cis, v re-- l eta. m one ye ir, 25 ly lil, extr for post.t; A ivrrti'vip r.t":: E.th squire; ten' lines of nonprjil dismonth, $3.00. A sp.icc one time. Sa.co;. count !" rr2'il.r.iulvrt;.sers.' . Kxi'ONKST office, Room 208 Templeton, South Tern-m. to m. Vrom every a. hoars 10 5 p: p!e Street. ri - Ilui-m'-- x.:et lit, Ail iress librl . . A Su!v!.i)'. ill biiiiness communications to 1 - PUULISHKk- WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 'SAtT Lake City, Utah. 1 Sat L.iie City, Utah, at Entire i tj M V ' tecvxt.t-cUs- s mr.tttr . -- d -- Salt I .a kr City, Df.c m, .v 51 : ' t pr pro-de:-- rs; wV-- -- CHRISTMAS AND 'THE CHILDREN". . Cm L ) k i : n s ' a y; we of te n h ea r on certain juvenile occasions, and somehow it has call' Christcome to he sort of proverbia-l-tmas wie ehildrcnsday and a very pretty idea it is and appropriate too when it is observed as the day on which the infant Jesus was born in .'Bethlehem of Judear Most of the children of the present day are familiar with". the Madonna, 'some of those cheap ones are very striking in beauty and are gems in their way; it is good to have the little ones comprehend as nearly as possible the simpl? story of the babe in the manger and his beautiful mother, and the story of the shepherds' 'watching their flocks by night, and the wise men who saw the star in tlie East and came to worship the new born 'babe and brought precious gifts to him, because he was the Savior. No s.veeter story was eve rt o ld and it neve r grows old how ever often it is repeated, and one never tires of hearing it who has the spirit of the 1 1 o - , and--molasse- pop-cor- 4xr-whcrrthc- Gospel. ''"Christ loved little children and he told Ids disciples, "Except ye become as these little ones ye shall in no wise enter the kingdom of heaven." The very simplicity of the language in which bur Savior, taught the people clothes it with a significant beauty and make's it all the more touching to the human heart. All his sayings are like precious gems cut and polished for the setting and fitted in the places as though carved for the special service. And therefore on this day set apart 'to celebrate his birth all our thoughts should be pure like unto him and all our deeds good, and for the good of those to whom we. minister and all our words should behind and gentle and ' " loving. It is good to be happy and to make oth-- s happy who are round about us, we should try to do some little thing for others even if we cannot do much and do it for a "loving service-- that we may walk in his and follow his perfect example of love and blessedness. In doing these things children will learn to love the Saviorvand he will seem near to them "H they- are" always seeking to please liim and keep the "Golden Rule" lie has -given to all of us, ..'Do to others as you Would they should do to you." these were 'the Savior's" words Yiiid "tins" Is the teaching little children should receive, and if they do these things happiness will come' ven though every wish of their hearts 'has i!T? . ' 7 , loot-step- s : . . . 1 . .3 -- Children of.the present ..- diy have '' much - kj s n p-- with Mrs. E. tbe Wells book of poems so "COLONIAL TEA PARTY. long promised has been issued and is now ready for distribution to those who "have On Thursday. December 16, 1S97. the subscribed, and is also for sale at the office anniversary of the Boston Tea in of the "Woman's Exponent," Templeton-Elock- 1773, Mrs. PL B. Wells, who had Tarty, issued-iu- opposite the Deseret News Building vitations to thirty ladies, gave a Colonial on South Temple. Tea at her residence in East Waterloo to The book contains over three hundred celebrate the occasion. The were guests and a steel pages engraving of the author. all New England women or descendants of and Memories is handsomely New Euglanders. Musings Mrs. Zina D. H. bound and Jthe Sego Lily on .the outside Young, .who has recently returned from an artistic finish gives td.its appearance. It her visit to Canada, was present and she is will make-a- n appropriate Christmas or New a direct descendant of Samuel Huntington, Year's gift, The prices are, for leather 'one of the signers of the Declaration of Inbindings 2.oo; cloth in lilac or green, dependence Mrs. Jane S.- Richards of white and gilt $1.50, cloth in one color Ogden.who ou the maternal side is descend$1.25, All. have the steel engraving and ed from 'the famous Com stock family . of. the sego lily'. As there is only .a" limited New England, and there were others number injhejiditionjthoeh present who can claim the best of , Purii4 should purchase immediatelv. , blood, one whose ancestor came in the celebrated Mayflower, others whose, forefathers were and members ox Continentane Addams, of Hull House,d- - al governorsbefore the devolution. Congresses dressed the Chicago' Political Fnniufv The costumes were; colonial or nearly Lea-- ue on No v. 6 ', so, ringlets and high combs were worn and B. j -- -- - ' . , . ' 