., ,.w-:-.-Jr...v.I.,- The Ballot in the Jlands of the .Women . of Utah should - :v. k a Poucr to SALT LAKH' CITY, UTAH, Vol. 2j .CONTENTS: U'o'ivm's View Of The Greek (Juestion U.W.P. Hyde, Mrs. L S.Dickinson. Willard From Notes Betljiah F. ct. Sec. y Meeting, Lydia D. VeIls. Ladies Memori-am- . lder, Act. Bee Notes and News. In A C.-Ll- laW. Semi-Monthl- K. u President Birthday. Editorial Notes. of Woman's Clubs.. Conven-lio- n Young's . America S. F. Smith. "Reply To The Question L. M. H.. Aurelia Lydia roKTKV: r. . AMERICA. My country 'tis of thee Sweet land of liberty, Of thee I sing; Land where my father's died, Land of the p lgrirn's pride, From ev'ry mountain side, Let freedom ring. Let music swell the breexe, And ring: from all the trees, Sweet freedom's song; "Let mortal ton-ue- s awake, all breathe that Let partake, silence their .Let rocks break, . The sound prolong. Our fathers' God, fo"tITee7 Author of liberty, To thee we sing; Long. may our hearts be bright, With freedom's holy bght, Protect us by thy might Great God our King. S. F. Smith. . : i, civilization generally', hasfought'for hearthstone as well-as her religion, since the first of pages European history were turned. Though two thousand or more years have nassed shire thf Gnldon A cm up MAW nr - -i refered more than we realize to the glories of that time and people. beautiful ,If we look for piece of sculpture, we will be refered to . the work of some Greek artist. If we hear of some remarkably beautiful woman, we will perchance hear that she has Grecian features. If we listen to a scientific sermon or lecture, we will hear of the greatness of some Greek poet .or. philosopher whose voice is still heard in the halls of modern learning. Greece is truly 0 the home of the poet and the sculptor," and her lamp of learn- mg has indeed kindled an exalted admiration in the hearts of the sons and daughters of all civilized nations, for the heroes, who have left to. theii descendants names that were " not born to die," but to live on in the memories of those that may follow on for generations to come. ' For it was there, in the land of Greece, through the bravery and intelligence of those same heroes; that political freedom for man was attained for the first time in the history of the world. The glories of Greece never waned until Ikt government was wrested from, her and placed in the power of a na'tion whose every thought and act was contrary to her own, then the cloud of sorrow and despair set tied over her people, robbing them of-- , the ot- civilizapower to maintain the standard tion their fathers had established. The Greeks for hundreds of years have believed that when a Constantine should once more be united in marriage to a of daughter of Hellas by the name Sophia, it would be a day of 'rejoicing .for ..Greece, for she would then be in possession of ConConstanstantinople once more and Prince tine, Commander in Chief of the Greek forces, being married to Sophia, a true time, daughter of Hellas at the present effect some had might, or might not have band upon the enthusiasm of the irregular of impatient but patriotic Greeks who precipitated the unfortunately war of 1897, before the Greek Government was prepared for the struggle. In 1822 the Greeks rebelled against the Turkish rule and after a fierce war in which the Greek leaders made themselves fearfamous for all time by the brave and less manner in which theyHed their little disadvanarmy' against every conceivable cer- tage on to victoryheygcaptured-are now which known rs Mem GreVce, whose literature and whose people have V dure great suffering or great joy. They have very weird 'imaginations and arc easily discouraged, and just as easily in- spired by the din of battle and are willing to follow a brave leader in whom they have confidence into the very jaws of death. When the news of the certainty of a war reached this country there was both fear and hope in every home in the land where Greek history was understood.Each heart trembled for fear the Mother Land of political, freedom would go down in defeat on account of her comparatively defenceless condition in not being prepared for a great military W - Greco-Turkis- h 4 X. S. DICKINSON. glories, has gone down in defeat qn account of the inefficiency of her leaders, and the overwhelming number of her enemy. Other nations have looked on and smiled because the loss was not their "own, but -w- orldr-are .here and there-troughout-th- e . men and women whose hearts have gone out m sympathy toward the little, country in southern Europe, whose inhabitants ' number less than a million people that belonged originally to a race of men whose - deeds of bravery and loyalty have been acknowledged by. the gods of war, and J placed upon the pinnacle of Tame, from 7shp7irthrwtrl(Tc iver,'dillontiHueta tedomTToT TiteratureV con-ilic- t. .. , ' The one hope common to every liberty loving' heart was that Greece, the one country that had taught all other nations their first lessons in intellectual develop-- -- . the history arhllasophy . ' U-et- i -- g -- e ' " - 01 ancT h - - - .. :rK.Tritorv i -- " on,,Tfh the light of their patriotism has shine till time is no' more, Greece k rf1fhrntfH iii - ment, might conquer the people whose history is one of massacre and bloodshed, whose very name is a disgrace to the world. Had King George been of strong military ability himsell and possessed less confidence in some of his personal friends and in. his son, Prince Co:itantine, whose courage seemed to have vanished ere "the a difwar began, there would have ferent story lor.the CiKc-- m mpathi.ers to tell; but whatever the othci iatilw of King Georu-might have bve;;. hr'j-- tea test ene'mPes must of a necessity. give mm credit for the prompt manner in which he responded to the cry lor help that came from distressed Cretes when the brutal lurks began their massacre on the island. Though King George was deficient in the ability to command a great army, "he deserves commendation for the stand he loolcTiTbehal f of V "urn ah i tyT" lor w hen the Powers continually threatened Greece with , coercion if he did not withdraw his troops from Crete, he answered, " Greece knows she must be victorious or tlisappear; we know that all the Powers are more or less against us, but a great wrong has been committed against right and humanity- hi the Cretan question, and the chastisement has commenced." The thougjitful lovers of j ustice will always honor the King of Greece for defending. his countrymen and fellow Christians as he did, by refusing to withdraw his field in troops from Crete and leave the possession of the Turk for he knew full well if he did so the'., people would; be. massacred, the island destroyed and turned over to anarchy and ruin. It cannot be said of the Greek soldiers or willing nghters, that tHey- were not good . uuut for even the. lurks nave given mew tt and when they have. been ordered to ; J credit, retreat on account of the bad management ' reratn their natural inherit- - of the officers in command they have fallen, to well as being back with tears of vexatum - m their, eyes curses upon their lips.- and litter condition, their 7 to , ,.m5,, ilaVe shown their loyalty. dilatory m trying Greco-Turkis- Grkece, whose liame iS' rich in past where . - QUESTION. -- No 1897. - WOMAN'S VIEW OF THE GREEK .BY. MRS. I 1 -- o My native country, thee, Land of the noble free, Thy nam" I love; I love thy rocks and rills, Thy woods and templed hills, My heart with rapture thrills, Like that above. A 1U1 1 ..1-- tetter the Home, the Stale and the AWv;. sortie-especiall- Editorial: The New Volume. m.,, 1 JUNK ' . F: Naturally, the,Greek peopiej ic in their love anairs ... - to theextremc possessing the capacity iJ lUCll , en- - - V uuvj -- " .. h for lhey must. have sailed beyond whriheW shins r i. - 