WOMAN'S. KXPQNKNT. shall Xew' Fnglaud Vrir'.-r- ' clask: hills .tm ,rW h tigland s . ti In? Where'er the rhildr en o! the pilgrims' go ; U r iac rt il . n.iiVi:'. our. hearts sliall still revere-Kewith responsive glow;..story (Hi Wfie're smooth Potomac's placid wafers How,Virginia's stately homes in beauty rise Beloved fur him wu taught the world to know lis cou:dt)s freedom is the patriorVprize;-'.'ot dearly buughi, though won with costliest - I Vt'il, .w.rni-"-.- ,' . - - roar, . -- " Reach to eachi"""iY nolde cau u hvipmg hand, .... r- -. And shou d dark cloials ahovr tl:enafjon lower,. Rise in thy might, for God and Wave wide.thy stars a:id stripes, and with them, ' conquering stand. OkiF.ia.i: CuitTis. - ' toil-wor- . ' . -- loshit-M in tht-- m And guide them ing hand. The world the wrld.-wnc- barren v land.- their toil up heaven's irl is richer by such pioneers - direct-- " Tf.NIMvRLY, lovingly. ; Faith, through th.eir toil, its golden fruitage .sees, And T.fe's hard front in softer light appears ; I hat tlie world m.iy walk at ease, Truth builds, her high ways broad, by such as. ' d slow-movin- uiese.. Phey i.fimd a ! g - t s ' . nude rt a g a ril en fair, I v. is - . And tlowcrs of every tint perfume the air, Where towns. and cities broad and e p.i.il blessing shrre. j I Thoughtfully, liopt' fully, ' ; Lay it to rest, . For its tender breast, By a thorn was pressed, That pierced the crest, Of its petal'd iv st J Lay it to r t, Peacefully, (piitly- Where luscious fruits bend low tlie clustering. trees,- - I ' - ve beard a story of tlie days of old, Told by Ute warriors wlicn the pale-fac- e How long ago a spirit, overbold,' 1 came Tearfully, feelingly, Over it weep For a soul doth sleep, In so (leep, Where no eye can peep, And u o hand can reap, Over ft weep, Mournfully,-- soothingly. , its-grav- : rice-fi'd- s, . - Watchfully, willirgly, . view-Masse- Guard it with cate ; 'Twas a life so fair, Yielding fragrance rare, That this world so bare, s : corn-field- Will forever uear, Guard it with care, j dim-retrea- e j. ' , . . . " - - " With mighty Manrou made rival claim . With siker, gold and gems oi every name, f He built proud turrets on the Wasatch range; Hut the Great Spirit from his mount of ll ime. With thunder-bol- ts of fire and lightnings Strang Made walls and tower and throne to shapeless ruins change. I know not if the tale be strictly true ; But yet our Utah mountains strangely show Bright lines of yellow gold, and still w e Let 'others boast their prairies spreading wide of silver, heapedand strewn as though Whoedrtuesome plains The far horizon meet ; From some v;st silver" temple's overthrow-Marb- les S if let them paint with fond exu'tant'pride, and precious ore that might bedeck s and their waving wheat ';. ir miles of The halls of monarchs with resplendent glo- wr, let them teil of vast woods' Jasper and syenite arid jeweled speck-- As With vs.iited'arche's thick with evergreen, though a world of mines had' burst in plen- Where vines run wild and mosses' velvet feet ffons'wrerk. Canib o'er each tangled bough a" living screen Fair land of marvels! Where Aladdin's lamp "''HVitose v !emn gloom of shade no sun-rafalls beare ours! And Ali Baba's treasure-cav- e tween-. has left his Titan stamp, .Where giant-forc- e H:i would our eyes grow dim o'er those broad her Vrdes " with And genial flowers! for Willi h'mie-sickhills our russet longing Thy gushing spring'- shall send refreshing ..aid we bear the depths where twilight .'showers, ' ' Till all thy waste lands ring with harvest glee. Vv'a ,e The wearyhousantkcseek the restful bowers deep recesses cloistered silence fills. I r to ns the cliff whose grandeur thrills,- -- island. Wherehealth springs, jocund,-fromt' ' ; With its mute eloquence, the heart's unrest -a, Dearer the"water-fall- s and leaping rills, glad streams turn the wheels of strong- " And canyons wild of Utah's caverned breast, armed industry. ' Utah our we love Though other scenes, be fair, In.thy'young days thy horoscope we draw, best. v . And stars auspicious telL of fatesLbenign. , of order, industry and law,. "As when through. league's" of blistering, sliimfner,' Symbol thine. is The murmurous hive emblem fitly ing- sand, Still 'round that hive thy segd lilies twine Its toilsome way the 'caravan hasmade, Manna for man and nectar cup for bee-BoSees o'er the waste the cool, greefr. palm-tr?- e in the mountain where the sunbeams shine. stand, Its peerless; bloom is type of liberty; And rapturous, hails their bliss51 restfuk shade Be loyal like thy bees, and, like thy. lilies,- free. An;; as the ship by tempest loifg delayed, Beaten by storm-wavetorrents shattered by the blast, Where from the heights Gains the sure harbor, ancl, witli anchor weighed, spring, -- Rests on the The eagle builds aloft her craggy nest, peaceful billow, safe at last, Meets the new morning, poised on steTdyWig; Happy in perils shhYined and dangers overpast '.. And soars through ether from "50 with their faces toward the . west, golden crest lirbugh, weary leagues, toil on the'pilgrim train ; Thy eagle's flight be thine, oh; Utah blest StorrnrVvorn, but dauntless in their weary quest. In that, from earliest days, thy children stand Cross the broad river and the treeless plain, With equal power to seek the highest, best, 1; isdLUtah's rock-buiheight the'ir footsteps gain. And noblest; knowing thy impartial hand Circled by cli0s, like some great eagle's nest, n soul in all 'thy favored land. Fetters no Lies albne valley nature's wild domain : ' " Here," says their chieftain, " here may Zion Onward and upward! of the sister states but gifted with a priceless dower! rest; Here shall God's temple stand, and here His Fortune waits, knocking at thy Opening gates; Saints be blest." Press to the front in thine auspicious hour! I . Lay it away, .Where the light of day, Sheds no kindly ray, On its bright array, Now faded and gray, Lay it away, ' Carefully, silently. " " 1 ' the heriiage our father's bought, .lair S;:etihing o'er lull and vaje. from sea to.se'a ; state sqme s pa rate charm hasbrought, fee. . Some grace distinctive, as its birth-righ- t From Maine's cohl pinewoods," where tlie winds . blow free, And ut.htling", rivct tyrant winter's chains. where the bird and bee, Tr.sunny I'i slumberous tones, chant summer's sweet re-- J . frains. ho ve's loyal7 faith, sincere, each part the best ' maintains 1 i ' - t vrfJbeaten d ". -- . ' The downy peaches waft their fruity. breath orchards of the Delaware; I'roin And flowers that "know, no winter's icy death, Gadand the plains of Florida the fair"; 'Neath California's skies.of beauty rare, ' Mer yellow poppies nod 'and roses twine ; t scent of orange-bloomvA perfumes (he air, ,nd .anber clusters load the fragrant vine b'phere.'of chalice tilled with sweet, trans- lucent wine. sun-kisse- . To -- Teat J.-- vah tun t'aeirNweiling line, And saw His love o'er stem, hard duty shine-So knelt these souls faith's struggling band Asking in eirm-- 4 prayer, ihe power divine f I ' o d, , 'Mi, "w O... lucrum auuiem o!r me ocean s ; . 1.1 t 91 t, Faithfully, sacredly. ' Hvacinth New Year's Eve, V6. y AF n:R. ALL. nature-genime- N'-;- AETER the day has sung its song of gladness. After the night has told its. tale of woe, ! " . . - After the bird's sweet notes have turned to sadness, After the breeze has breathed its music low, Think of me, pray for me, And of diee, only thee, , My thought shall be, After.all, after all. . " - fns .1. . hy ' . : tl -. . ; " X After the flow'rs refuse toyield their fragrance, After the drw no more its mantles spread, After the sun has ceased to shed its radiance, After the joys of springtime long have fled, Leave me not,pain)o'er-fraug- ' . - ht rn 77 After all, after all. - the-mount- s, , - . ' ' ' the-topmos- - t; - -- For I've soifgTit, onlyTsought.. Thy sincere thought, After the bloom of youth's forever banished, After the hours have lengthened into years, have vanished,-After my hopes like melting-snowmy hearU has dried Its well of tears, Still trusting, and hoping, Still wailing, To thee I cling, After all, ffter all. s A hr and-lovin- g, r ' . - i HVACINTH.. New Year's Day, '97. lt God-give- - -- ' -- -- , " ,-- . -- Lady "'Henry Somerset has sent a wTraitied-1- 1 u rses Intloii4afJy-ioctor.--an44 to Bulgaria to help to care for the Armenian refugeest who are in great need. 