tn the Hands of the. IF, o"n of Utah should be'a Power The-Rallo-t Vol. 26. WW. Zina H. Bull Sec. U. Curtis Sec. R. 8. and P. A. Notes and News. Utah Charity Kinder Meeting y C.-Or- ielle Repor s. garten. Miss Bel Affairs. v Birthday Entertainment. R. Poetry: The Woman Preacher-El- lis A Son 2 Shion. A Rose to the Living-Select- ed. Undera Hedge of A"tumn Jame Buckham. Kearney. ' Di,lhits. . THE WOMAN PREACHER. Uros a t me, not long remote Smie ministers of good repute., Set out to make.a pilgrimage And rest their brains so wise an sage, To gain a respite from their cares, And surceise from the'r many prayers, To fee the world, on pleasure bent, They journeyed to the Orient. But here, we should net fail to state This H'tle party, numbered eight Seven reverend gentlemen, And ons fair reverend woman. They traveled far o'er.sea and land, O'er briny wave, and desert sand, But when they reached Genoa's shore Thev piused, its beauties tojcin o'er. These reverend s:re with one accord, Paid tribute to fair. Anna's Lord. toort-u- . i r ho ra a are' Th )u?h each one secretly, declared His great desire to pl1 joke Oi one who ne'er had .orrie man's joke.' Thus while on foir Genoa's soi J. They sought ihe hours to beguiie. It chanced that while thev ling'rfdhere, Some other too were ne lr The Gospel-snip- s at anchor lay, Whose captain came for them to pray, Give a text and friendly greeting, And with the sailors hold a meeting. So fa e, it seems, with fertile plan, Is ready e'er to help vain man. At this time the rev'rend woman Was ashore on duties human To soothe the sick, relieve the poor, Drive cold and want from many a door, And wi h a wbmvs sympathy Lettheir burdened spirits free, While h?r companions sought to frame Some lofty scheme to aid the same. 1 . V jLnd-Ann- - . ve-se- b Now this request the captain made Just helped the plans they oft had 'aid, An i there at once they did determine To have the woman the sermon; give That when before them she sto :d dumb, They'd to her rescue bravely come, An.) show the vast superior lore Of manly brains, as ne'er before. So when the captain sought their aid In things divine they warmly said:. "Ope of our number is away, One, who most has power to pray-F- or sinners 6n the downward road, And lead them to that blest abode. yourmessaee To our good friend. will convey Ahem Good day." . Tr en wj)en the reverend Ar in came, With inward n.irtli ami sportive game, They to! I her, ho she moreJthan all, Was honored by ihe cptain's call. , woman-likeThough and mo. 'est too, She co 'Id not qui e a pride, sub iue, Vet with proro nd and solemn thought, Her Father's aid in prayer she sought. Arranged thcmselvts in She pleads with them in strong appea, To mend their ways with ardent zeal, .That on that blest home time, Pure hearts and true, and ives sublime Will ceer and bless the waiting ms, And for their griefbrmg "ull returns," So Fa her's ar probating smile Will beam, and cheer fill hearts the while. Near the front in fortmVt row An old man sat, with head bent low, And still u on his sunbrowned face, She yet, no softening lines could trace To right or left he did not turn, Unmoved, defiant, cold and sterny While all around emo'ion woke. Strong hearts wtre t uched, and detp sobs co-rin- .t pace, V n 1 Down deep w thin her woman's soul A troubled w ave began to roll,., . Yet fir r, and brave, and strong, and true, An inspiration roiied there too. Deep resolves to stand undaunted, Turn tle tide on those who vaunted, One noment quietly she tood to God, And breathed a ferventp-aye- Droke. She s dd perchance some s aman here, May children have who love yo dear, Whose last embrace you ftel e'erv ye, And see those ey s so sad and wet Those lisping words you still may hear, While Jovmg lips to yours Jraw near, So rrdand true it all doth seem, 1 Vdu . . strong, Burst.on their ears like sweetest song. A mgic spell r ef med on them wrought Their minds by retrospection caught. Bore each one back to love and home, Ere they had ever thought to roam. With hand-- , and heart, and softenin g eye Raised to the Fath r's throne on big'', In solemn prayer the st ft words fail, ' AJbenediction on them all Lower and lower fe l her t. nes Till lost a length 'mid stbs and moans, All hearts were touched the old man too, Wept and pray d he might prove true. ith divinest eloquence-P- ure truth her aim, and sure defence; With subtle power, step by step, w She sought to reaclrthe inmost depth Of fountains, long since still and dry, And lift each heart, to God on high; ' Unclasp the seal of memories vault, That each m'ght see his gravest fault. The crew the capUin e'en th? guests, . Closed round their pleasure to express, Pressed her h nd, and al d, clared, So good a speech they ne'er had heard ! ' And there, and Jhen, these gen lemen, Told all, how they had conquered been, And pardon craved foill deigns, : Along such tender, sacred lin s. I llis R. Shipp. ' -- - She led them back to father's side, When .thgyy bis greatest joy and pride. Had looked on him in fiilal love, A next to Father up above. She bade them think in reverent mood Of one, who taugnt them first of God, When in their childhood, pure and free, mother's knee. They learned to pray at And how those parents, fond and true, Ere they had bade that last adieu, Had begged, and prayed them earnestly, To keep themselves from evil free. Fond brothers too, do not forget Nor how the sister's ey es are; wet With yearning tears, and hopes and love, 'For him who thought it best to rove. -- r so rich and full Her voice rang out. to thrill each soul, Then" 7 Now while w u see this yisionjbright, - Then on the air, so -- isa-dr- e' thjnjc Made brighter by diviner light Resolve to make it rea' and true, And nobler, h.'li-- paths pursue; That all this earth'y b i.ss and love, Be sanctified by God above. From Hti and sorrow thus nnde free, Ard live throughout eternity. r Her words so gentle, yet g : roups sedile, did no have to wait; they For soon the preacher was brought forth A woran too ! o' grace and worth. The confused and grieved, To find himself s much deceived. A muttering murmur parsed around, And sneers on every face were found, Save thoe reverend gen lemen. All were filled with discontent B No 10. She bade them think of sweethearts fair, Waiting still in love and p?av r, Whose pligh ed troths were freey given, As the gentle drws of Heaven. The faithful wife, in care and gr ef Wh se dreadful fears find no relief, In secret tears to all unknown E'er wa ting lor her love's return, The morning dawne J, strene and fair, . incense filled the air, The ocean wi e in placid rest. W.th scarce a iip;de n its breast. Asicrfd hush e.nraptthe-- f ar h, Where oly thoughts must 'ain have birth. The Gospel-ship- s at anchor lay, In calm, and peace, t at Sabbath t'ay. Wi h expectation on each 'ace The crew came in with mea-uru- l Statrand the Kaion. 15, 1S97. 1 Editorial: Municipal So we Home, the SALT LAKIy CITY, UTAH, OCTOimR , CONTENTS: National Council. Madame M untford. Politic A Ringing Address. Ladies' al Science S'udy. Semi-Monthl- to better the : TfioMAs Stanford,' of Australia has a library for the given $300,000 to build t University brotherthe founded in California by his late Leland Stanford. " The convention in Iowa now in progress will be cotnoleted by the middle of October, at which time the whole troupeof ;workers will take, up heir line; of march toward South Dakota, By that date each one ot counties in Iowa will have the ninety-ninheld its two days' convention. . e v . . - 