cliu rctlia 11 a uy other, is not Promts are no longer Savior came, and , lie is the Apslolic this sufficient? . rPAPi, .:A:fC3iWe Wi&ftic our salvation At the ' ? ; Man tua bemg a direct descendant (ri'lf;V.V'ULU ru.i,.,J u ..'.Iuimy-nv1 e and thirty, seventh from the firstgenerations, "to be . de-dar- 4 ed and acknowledged King of all Eng. u. 01 such noble birth luuugnocmg there were also others, and it was by no means certain that she would the throne. But it does appear, occupy she though herself did not declare it did, that she was a child of destinv. Thn merous escatKfs when he life was in jeopar-dy- , the gradual and silent slipping-awaof those between her and the her throne, and glorious reign; all- would favor long this - t.dls us that of Alfred the . sufficient for " 1 had no curiosity on the subject, but my friend Mrs. Monroe, was so highly interest- ed in the preaeuci suit iummcu on my to hear him, saying, "You know going the Bible of her birth it was wqll he wasa royal little personage, time-- He who judges a wimoui neanug u is a 1001.' " r,w I will go and Yes of course it is so., bear him myself, but do not expect to see '' I went and found the preach- as he does. cr, Elder James Blakesley, preached Bible I could see no doctrine to the very letter. r fault', and on going several times concluded theory. She is a of George who believed of one Bible the III., King England at the time of the that every matter " - grand-daughte- " American Revolution. Her father, who was r.uwara uute oi Kent, was the fourth son of the king, and only differed from his accept the Gospel exactly as Jesus for the Millenium.' taught it, to be prepared 44 In vain ye cry unto Did He not say ne Lord, Lord, and do: not the things which I say." He also said "My. sheep know my voice and a stranger will they Now what does St. John tell not follow." " us about this good Shepherd? Please read the ist chapter, 9th verse, it He was the true light, lighting reads: every one that cometh into the world. The world was made by Him-- and the world knew Him not. He came to His own and But as many His ovn received him not. as received Him, to them gave He power to become the sons of God, even to them who would farailv in . beimr better'th .v. Ullivi J, 0 He married a Germnh- - tin-viv.iui ia i' Qf Leiningen. She was a widow and the mother of two children. The Duke, who ; was verv" ohilanlhronic "nnrl. ,iic 4 " nnlJp "vuiv. position,'- and on that account most popular with his countrymen though only a younger son, was also poor. His allow ance was raisefablv small conimreH w with hi M J 4 in expenditures, and these wptp nnt mn fashionable excesses. Upon his marriage in ioio uc wcui iu jive in uermany wiln his bride.. The mother of Victoria was woman of superior wisdom, with much common sense and determination. And one knows not how much of the happiness 01 mis worm toaay depends upon tne wisdom, strength of character and goodness-- ' of mat one nine woman as manuestea in the ' - , k A I A -- name." ' He was not bom of blood the will of the flesh nor the will of And the Lord was man, but of God. . made flesh, and dwelt among us, and we beheld the glory of the only begotten of the training of her daughter. ' Father, full of grace and truth." Now please tell me why did the Deity Shortly befoie the birth of Victoria .the come down and dwell in the flesh among Duke and Duchess 01 Kent removed to Was-- it Hts England, with hnmanity-- 2 flat Kingdom on the earth, and to teach the patriotism, tuat their child might be born human family how to gain the victory over on English soil, or as her mother expressed this fallen nature of ours ? He grew up it 'that she might be born and bred a from infancy to manhood and had a taste of Prit6n." And abonnj, vinsome child it bhe very bitter things that flesh is heir to; did was that came to bless their home; He not ? Showing us44 at the same time the came on May 24, 1819, at Kensington and was known to all England as Peace on earth, and Palace, higher law which is 44 Her father named the little Mayflower." Nor did He good will to air. mankind. " Victoria after the Czar of value His, own life nor the lives of those her Alexandrina her own beloved mother She, who were sent to help Him, accomplish this Russia andafter arriving at woman's estate, great wtfrk. . Every" one of His apostles however, ' were slain oung, perhaps vaguely realizexcepting John the revelator, be- though still 3 of what her mother had' done cause he met with that change which is ed something equivalent with death. They had no fear for her. However, that. may be, when she the first time as ; ,of death, for Jesus came to bring to pass came to affix her signature monarch of the kingdom she determined the resurrection of the dead. This life is short, but it will prepare all that no name should precede or supercede of her beloved mother and signed simwho are faithful in that of laws the. keeping She was but a few God for a life which has no end. How ply ."Victoria." th n1rl when her father, who had .un 'important then that we give strict heed to remained out in the grounds until the laws given by the Savior of mankind, wisely became damp and cold, upon coming in the Shepherd of our souls, who never for- he his impatience to see his gets any only those who forget Him, or could not restrain child but went straight to her nurschoose, some other rule of action.; For to darling The rebefore putting on dry shoes. all He gives their agency, besides giving ery It was a chill, pneumonia and death. them every faculty of mind and body they sult on one occasion when he possess. Yet when- they serve Him it is reputed that arms he said, put his child in hb attendants fiust be in spirit and in truth to be accepta-Take, care of her, for she will be queen cf to Jlim. v have been England." That mustbe surely Zion's Convert. called intuition. what in women would The widowed mother. now had naught to live for but her child. She was not greatly QUEEN VICTORIA'S GIRLHOOD. beloved "by her husband's relatives, most because she was not understood. is seldom probably a of the biographer privilege devoted mother could, not- be. 0 Jave so interesting and so good a subject But a more even She and her child were seldom parted al The little princess u seems odd to speak of the queen as a sub-- . for a short time; nor of f 1 - 4 4 44 " -- . believed on His 13th verse: " a-fe- eling not-to-org- amze " -of-c- 4 -- . " . - b , - J ways had her litUeJjed beside her .ur innia, ureau ana iucic aiicrN milk and fruit. Her health was tenderly cared for. As a very young child she was lut health and strength were fostered by the discipline and' daily regime of her young life. As soon as she was old enough she had her daily course of lessons, followed by riding walking, simple recreations. Her half sister, 'Princess Fedora, was her companion.. She was very fond of her little garden under the palace windows, and has often been observed amusing herself there as other children do, sometimes sprinkling her flowers and herself simultaneously. Her education was conducted under the watchful, and faithful sutxrvision of her " mother, the Baroness Lehzen and Bishop of . being her instructors. She became verv much attached to the baroness and made her one of her chief court ladies. It is said that lack of wealth in the family ' was not evil. ... The duchess . Was obliged to practice economy. Think of a duchess being obliged to be economical! And it most likely laid .the foundation for the thrift and economy which have charac: terized the reign of Victoria, and heightened the power and influence of the action. Her life as a child moved with the regularity and precision of clock work, and orderly and regular habits have been adhered to through her life. She studied modern languages but did not like Latin. However, it was part of a discipline. She excelled in music, drawing and painting. It is said she might have made a name for herself if life had not been filled by the duties' of a queen. Her voice was clear and musical, and to this day strangers note her clear enunciation in speaking and her fine -- tones JThe education of the princess was .conducted in such a way that she did not know until she was twelve or fourteen ' ' years of age, (biographers differ as to the time) how near to the succession she was. It was then her governess, Baroness Lehzen, thinking it time for her to know, set before her a genealogical tree to draw out. 44 l ean not see who' Presently she said, is to come after Uncle William unless It "is"r myself." "So itjs Madame," replied' the governess. Then the princess uttered her thoughts aloud: ,4Now many a child would boast, not knowing the dimculty. There is much splendor, but there is more After this she put her responsibility." little hand into tfce hand of her teacher and au -- . not-robus- t, , ' -- a-i- an-unmbc- . -- . - . ed.. . ' . - ' . s . . lli U. VVVl. life was fore. me to her future seems It Her life shadowed by that circumstance. was as simple and quiet as any little country ScUU, J. Will lV JJWUi JL maiden in many ways, but there was always the feeling with her trainers that they were forming the character of a queen. She sawjbut little of court life, and during the time of her'uncle, George IV., it was" well she did' not. When William III. "as cended the throne, he was bluff and hearty, for he had been the sailor prince. , His manners were far from ideally royal. .One has a right to expect fair manners and noble graces and virtues from royalty; but such persons: are often disappointing. King William having no hens and realizing that Victoria was next in succession, rudely remarked in the presence of the Duchess of Kent and before a host of people, that he hoped he would live to see the princess atHe wanted no queen tain her majority. 1 . : i 