WOMAN'S 1 1 EXPONENT.! f i :ihe Kindergartens America.- I11 ,J' -- r" wtZcy Cvmt t cm, run. KlVe Were' xomfuCXnlur them of our :a a Lui yiew.' using ui,tUjs, Consequently she went frm ' AUtv-is it only."should .prcet of. New York City and took" up her alxxle in the'" credit the have i:C"' work, New Jersey where this famous school was .Editor.EMMEL1NE 3. WELLS, under such 'adverse, circumstan. fdtUriat Cntr,bt.tT, ANN IB WELLS CASNON iCamtia), established; called on the venerable old Dr.. undertookthat' she so faithfully performed and told him .he would like to see and,, ces, and understand something of the .workings of until other duties and changes came, that Published in 'Salt; City, Utah. Terms: one copy one year, i.oo; one copy six months, American Kindergartens, explaining, made it impossible for her to continue in the line of teaching,5octs. No reduction made (or clubs. City papers delivhowever, that she would not have time to this particular ered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. remain long enough to enable her to. take Advertisir rates: Eacli square, ten lines of space one time. li.$o; per .month, J3 00. A liberal disan entire course of training. She also told ELIZABETH DETTE LAJCER N OA L count to regular advertisers. the Dr. of her former exferieuce in the Build& Constitution EXPONENT office, Rooms 227 228 Kindergarten. TiiK sudden news of the departure fro:a ing, Main Street, opposite Z. C. M, 1. Business hoursroro of best to a.m. the Douai tokbher 10 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. Dr. doing this life of Sister Libbie Xoall, as she w.U way ' Address all business communications to limited desTred time, generally known by the sisters and. her with only what she PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, was to go right into the Kindergarten and intimate acquaintances,' was a great 'shock ' take .hold with the teachers (who, by the to her many friends and a loss to the Salt Lake City, Utah. and instruct community. Sister' Noall was one. of ' Entered at the" Post Office in Salt Lake Cih;Utk,as Way, were his own daughters) with what knowledge she had and .the ex- loveliest women of .her clay, in character ccond'dass matter r. perience she would gain by observing the and in nobility "of soul, and one. of them-,- t other teachers. . activ.e ni the Church in the lines of woik in Salt Lakk City April i, 1S97, Sister Cobb followed the Dr's. advice which she was called to' take part. Shv and being a German herself, as both E"g-lis- seemed to posse-s- adaptability for whatever and German were taught, it was not she undertook to do; the Relief Society, the RELIEF SOCIETY CONFERENCE. so difficult a task as one. would suppose; Young Ladies Association, the Sunuav school and the Primary seemed all equally her improvement, was rapid, and she Tin: General Conference of the Relief things that. to her 'mind always fruit- dear to her and for each one of these frum .Society will le held in the Salt Lak. ful in ideas, might be added to and improvtime to time she labored faithfully and well. Assembly hall in this city, on Saturday, ed. Sister Cobb says, "I need not say Very few if any women have accomplished April 3rd, meeting commencing at 2 p. m. that I'enjoyed myself there and felt well re- so much in so short a lifetime, and yet Siand at 7.30. There Avill also be a meeting for time so the a the was delicate Xoall woman fter profitably spent'and paid physically. on Monday, April 5th, at the same place. while there Spiritually she possessed faith, energy, additional knowledge'gained; It is desirable that there should be as large I was with the grandeur of the strength and courage. 'a number as possible present of the officers and j work impressed and began to see Froebel's grand Her principal labors were upon the members of this important organization, alideas were. only in part understwd, but felt Sandwich Islands among the native sister-- ; so that every Stake of Zion should be. that the time would come when justice the writer recalls vividly to mind her mt represented by the President, or some one- - would to -t- his- great educator of impressions of Sister Xoall and the narauthorized to act for her. childhood. ration of her work, while upon the first A cordial invitation is" extended to the "During my stay in the Kindergarten, I mission to the Sandwich Islands with her Bishops and all brethren interested in the was surprised with a visit from John V. husband asrelated alter their return in welfare of the Society. Young Esq., who was so delighted with But after going back to the islands" again, Zina I). II. Young, what he saw there and so. impressed with when her husbaudwas called upon.' his President, the possibility of wnaty iniht be doy in sl'co'.ki nusswti-- :ne Kept up a cuneswJane S. Riciiirps. our tar Western home, that he asked me if deuce with the writer in reference to the I'athsueba V. Smith, I were willing to start a school of this kind Relief Society thee, and the labors among Counselois, on my return home to Salt Lake City, the sisters, that brought her very near, arid Km mem nh 15. Wem.s, made her very dear. Her letters were promising to aid me all he could; being-ful- l Secretary. of the spirit of the work I readily assented." precious gems ot thought, and her ideas and Sister Cobb says" and truly "all begin the lofty, conceptions sheiad of her daily nings are difficult and as this system of work, showed plainly how deeply she realpioxker teaching was entirely new and unknown to ized the great responsibility of helping the no will doubt begratifying to some tl;e people here, I had my ardor somewhat native women of these islands, who were ' of It our readers, and especially those interdampened in trying to establislnuy. Kinderuntaught in the principles oT the. Gospel, ested in Kindergarten work and "in the garten.. However, I concludcd.to make an and in the common duties of life in the Primary Association, to know of the., .first effort if even in, a small way, and so with home; and their anxiety to become like movement of this kind made in Utah. the children of John W. Young, my own their sisters over the sea urged Sister Xoall From- Sister' Camilla C. Cobb of this and some others, I on, to do. and to acquire information and opened the first Kindercity we have been able to glean a few facts garten in Utah, in the vestry of President means to carry on their work in teaching about her early work, although-shis alBrigham Young's . old schoolhouse inside them, which seemed almost miraculous unmost too modest to have them given at all,-b'- the Eagle Gate. Through the kindness of der the circumstances. we consider it her just due, as she was Mr. Young the room was The pamphlet prepared bySister Xoall suitably and the r pioneer in' this beautiful- work I furnished. in had the Hawaiian language is a credit to her' handsomely brought' in favor everywhere as its real. some material home, with me from the of. her great East, tact, and also a true - merits are It is the and some I found here, and with a little desire to instruct the expression becoming known. Hawaiian sisters in the. earnest wish of the wr j ter and of turned not ingenuity lines of many things inany especially hsame thought and activity possessed others who are at the present time associated intended for this to o acine' society in the various' Stakes oh purpose splendid in this work, that our people should comI was filled with love of my work count. For Zion; the book contains , . ... prehend more fully the great advantages of aim wniie T.e had not arrived at" the excel- this work our sister sent 32to pages. the Dcscret this fundamental training of the children lence that we have 'ttajned-towe- iVtws for the-ct- it bister Lobb informs us that it was in the claim to have done a good work. Young and her Counselors, so that the sissummer of. 1874 that she went East to visit The same spirit that inspired Froebel ters -- thei e might better understand who relatives, and while there and some little .the great master was in our school, and a were the women, who were at the head of time before returning, she was attracted by happier band of little children I think this great charitable societv. notices in the papers to the Kindergarten" would have been hard to find. I also The interesting articles we have publish-- . under the management of Dr. Adolph taught the German language through ob," ea irom Aiiose i lands, Written for-- the Douai, a renowned German educator. ject lessons,, and it was to Ex see pone nt by Sister Xoall. have erven our Having 'received such training herself hi how rapidly the little ones'surprising a knowlreaders some "idea of her arduous labors in gained her: early childhood in her native place edge of this language, and it is' not long, endeavoring to teach them civilized meththe City of Dresden, Germany, -- and being since F heard a mother, formerly a pupil of ods and spiritual develonment in them- most interested in that particular method of my school, sing to her own babe the little Helvs and in the manner of conducting their training little children, she conHiidp,r trv German songs of the pioneer Kindergarten and see for herself the manner in" which of 874." iiiceimgs. c j - - - semi-monthly, " . e ke - " nonp-.re- il . " . s h saw-man- y . -- . , be-Alo- ne ' -- , ' the kixdergartex. . .. - e ut - now-growin- g . . . , tar-of- . ' 1 . Sister-Noallsgift- ed; iin:writiiig T51tt ' 