 ' has done and is EM ME USE 'J. WELLS. - - ANSIS WELLS CASNON CiWul.- - r7or. hdifrl Cntrit. .. . Salt Lake City, Utah! i-ztz- w 15, 1S97. YEARS. Ouk readers and patrons, will rememter perhaps that this issue of the Exponent completes the twenty fifth year, of .this Jittle. periodical. ..Qne quarter ofja century since the paper was established and during that time liow much has transpired here and elsewhere, and how many important events and incidents have bee recorded in the volumes published since June 1, 1872, the date of its establishment. Many of those who were anxious to have a woman's paper here in Zion have passed away and are no longer known among us, another generation has taken their places'' and. yet their counsel, their words live still In the remembrance .of those..-- who knew them personally. , Had the people followed fl J , ; had - ng - s,JJe; d ; Q A g v ,n ' usin of the Prophet Joseph Smith, and . ' were always uevoiea ipvevs to the they of his death. time They accepted the principle of plural marriage, 'and 1 - - - made a success of its practise. Sister Smith's "maiden name was Hitler and she was born-an- d grew to womanljWxl in West Virginia, and has always reta:ned her love for the South, its customs and its In her youth she was a famous "people. equestrienne, accounting it as one of her valued accomplish mencs. ': The greatest sorrow of her life was the untimely death of her. only son who was killed by the Indians in Southern Utah .audhisbodjjvvas never recovered. She '''Mils. Chaulus IIknkotin of Chicago PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, Entered at the Post Ofict in Salt Late Gty.Utnk, as matter; Trio n YtEe.'-tsaix- . Exponent TWENTY-FIV- E evertl Chips' EDITORIAL NOTES. ; nt office. Rooms 227 & 228 Constitution Iiuild-ng- t MainStreet,oppoite Z.C. M, I. nuMnesshours from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. every d.iy,xcept Sunday. Address all business communications to ' . . dis-cou- City, May 'tTn moral, spiruuai, uhuimiwi y,' Salt lakk don' o women in organization and in tending to the higher in Salt I Ice City, Utah. Published Terras: one copy one year, $i.oo; one copy six months, deliv50 cts. No reduction made tor clubs. City papers cts. ered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 Advertising rates: E.ich square, ten lines of nonpareil space one time, ti. 50, per. month, $300. A liberal Jto regular advertisers. semi-monthl- V -- President of the Roman's Clubs, bv exState pected to attend the meeting of the Federation of Clubs, and will probably make an address on Wednesday evening ajuK May 26. Mrs. Piatt, Mrs. Thather Mrs. Gale of Denver will also be present and they also will address the Federation. The Annual Convention of the State Federation' of clubs will Je held May 26 and 27 in the Congregational Church, corner Mrs. 1st South and 4U1 East in this city, " Meetings Martha B. Jennings President. 2 and a. in. will commenc; io p. m. and on. Thursday evening, May 27, at S o'clock there will be a reception at the residencee of Mrs. W. A. Nelden, 1145 E, First South. will be Papers by women of literary culture given and questions of importance to club womi:n aswell as to the public will be discussed. Itis "hopefully- "ex peeled UYar it will te interesting and instructing' in the best sense' of the 'word. - , . bore this. great afillction - - 11 The Hall of Relics with--th- -- to be erected immedi- - Leruic fortitude and sublimity of a Saint, never repining or murmuring, but calm and patient, believing that her Father in heaven . ,,. knew what was best. decease the of her noble time the At pf husband, she felt she .too must die, but when he expressed a wish, that she should live to bear testimony of the truth and of the mission of Joseph the Prophet, she felt deteniiihed "to carry out his counsel. " She has been a. careful, patient and devoted housewife, and has had many opportunities of practicing the strictest economy. According to Scripture "She seeketh wool and flax and worketh willingly with her hands." In the primitive days here she did a great deal of spinning, dveing and weaving, and clothed her household with her own handiwork. Time or space will not permit us to tell of her many virtues and her industry, nor. of her travelings and journeying's, kt we can truthfully say she has been favored of the Lord, and that she is deserving of the nfany precious jfiyileges and hot ";rs she has received. On this special occasion she was the recipient of many floral offerings and .of other gifts of dear friends , which we are sure she appreciated because of the sisterly love, friendliness and esteem of which they were only a triOing expression. Sister Smith is second in the National Woman's Relief Society, an organization that extends around the world, and she has occupied various other positions of honor and trust among' women. At present she officiates in the Salt Lake Temple, a position for which she is admir: ably well fitted A postle , John I lenry S m i th made .the address of welcome at the birthday 1 celebration and certainly was eloquent and delightfully happy in his speech. He paid a high tribute of praise to the one we had assembled- - to honor,' as a true vvonian mother and friend, and, a mother, in Israel and a noble example to the Daughters of Zion; his remarks were followed by the let" ';";-:"r '. : ter, given JiercT atelv on the dear old Council House cornerwill be a great improvement to the appearance of the locality. The place is conspicuous and will give a good opportunity The plans were' drawn by for display. Dallas and Hedges and the building will be a reproduction of the famous temple of Zenus at Olympia, and if the plan is carbe ' a thing of beauty " as' the advice . of President Brigham Young ried out will the Corinthian .columns will" give an ap th rough wliose- wise caunscl-- t h ispa per as many other home enterprises were pearance of strengtlf and the Greek style is the admiration of all lovers .started, this state and the people as a whole in building is to be would have been much more prosperous, of art in architecture. The outside and independent than they are at the present dazzlingly white, while the inside will be decorated in the high colors, of the Jubilee. time. President Young was very anxious ' the Then the pedestal in front of the building " Signal women of Utah should have a paper of will be a reproduction of Ihllm's their own in which to express their views of Peace," the same as that which appeared at the World's Pair in Chicago; this is and opinions ou all subjects relating to woman's progression, higher education and appropriate too as Dailiiv was Utah born advancement along all lines that would and of course- the State may claim some "tend to correct evil, to uplift the fallen, to honor of his achievements. f support the best methods of dealing with all practical questions pertaining to humanity. THREE QUARTERS OF A CENTR.UY. We do not care to repeat what we have often said before that there are many things UATIISfllJBA W. SMITH. - the women rii Utah have - done, - which' We do not hesitate- - to speak. of Sister never would have been so successfully acBathsheba as one of the most eminent wocomplished had if not been for the Woman's ICxponknt ns a reference and to men, in the Church of Jesus' Christ of ' We need this paper Latter-dacollect material from. Saints, and also as one of the .now to further home interests particularly most exemplar. It' is something to be and especially the silk industry, which laiu thankful for to have lived so many years,, guishes for the lack of enterprise and reliable and to be able to look back u.pou the record information in regard to what is being done one has made and feel almost, if not ouite fro m t im e to ti m e . Wi thout going into de- Lsa tisfied jvithone's- li fe work.Sister Smith's seventv-flfttails it seems to the writer that for the wobirthdav Salt Lake Citv, April , was men of this state, not to maintain ai celebrated , at the residence anniversary ''''" !' of her eldest 'Mrs. D. : R. paper, would be not only a hind :': :' My Dear AunL BTiThshcba: rance to progress, but a positive calamity. Allen,. in Forest Dale on Monday, May For some time I have been doting upon atj About seventyifive invited guests were Brigham Young strongly urged upon the' . the reunion of loved ones, kindred women of Utah to take this paper, to read it present, most of them relatives of the tending friends in honor of the .seventy-fift'anniversary" and to keep it, as it would be a record of honored lady. She was haudsomelv dressed of your birth, but Providence has willed it other woman's work and of their history; and in black silk with elea nt rpnT liro wise; orrather, my physical condition is sucn tna counsel of Or. Richards it we are most anxious that all. whoHeel an wore roses and white carnations- "she has n 1 Prudenanfd - -' . , as-we- ll - . . - . . - - Vice-Preside- nt "-- . ; . . ; . y - ' - , h 3-- woman's grand-daughte- . r, '7-. ' . h -- V ; - nnteresrw of home protection, home interests and industries should. help by their" subscriptions', patronage and influence to maintain a.paper raairmmrairet ... . : iooKea every inch a queen. fc Sister Smith grets for mya.!eprivation,' and most earnest desire has had a happy lifeashe herself testifies for the happiness of all who' shall gather rouna do honor ,to the loveo :notwithstandingthe xirseeutions and hard- - ou this evening ofto their affections, in chcrisnta object ..em-worth- y - 