WOMAN'S" EXPONENT. larire troueh and pounded, kneaded and string of tearls and throw it merrily about the neck of thc'bcautiiul ln n wo. pounded again to' a spmigo!oughy mass, then man, who has-hcalabashes. to fcriw;J Jyrpala; handsome head on" theTTASure-i"Utsidof the big Amcr&ttf Uoilur.v and. thmJWe .eaiingvjrtM uivx.uiii ue. called the beautiiul American of delicious fish with which tliey rna? Islands." supply their simple, larders. In swimming.-divinuntil 18S3 there was .no regular round riding they seem "to merely trip steamer but since then the play ''with the waves. Babes but .a few '. their mother's steamers have carried a months bid are taken-upo- u steady growth of tourist trade until in 1889 shoulders and taught to love the water and and iSyo over one hundred first class, as they grow stronger, to ride 'upon the While waves oil the daring surf board. passed over the route each mouth. '"There is but one. Hawaii," and but American thoughts and customs are no. one ocean whose smooth Pacific waters are longer exotic yet the past with its myths suggestive of Aegean beauty. Isles and and legends. Hs customs and ceremonies, ocean are a enticement to tourist while not paramount influences.- still they and health seeker. Twenty years ago the are dear to every Hawaiian heart. The gentle climate lends an influence to trip was accompanied by few of the. ad which are the' outcome of social goyd nature with a Tendency to- i'mibleiice.-a- nd , deterioration. growth, and adjustment; but the diseom-- ' forts that attended the necessarily long, They are excessively loud of flowers and rocking Voyage at that, time, were quickly music. Often memory recalls 'the balmy , compensated for, Jiy.Jhenov.ei. experiences moonlit eyeniugs.Jhe groups ofdark-eyedfoundin contact with this new and interdusky:skinned boys and girls decorated esting people-- , and' the bewildering delights with garlands of fragrant Powers, their in melody, of this peep into nature's own garden. dreamy-tonevoices rising with-thHomes so beautiful, cosying and nestling mingling mystical song of the amidst such a variety of tropical growth waves, and too, keeping time and tune and bloom, bewildering and delighting with with ..their graceful, movements in the; Midst such' the extravagance of color and odor. Xuu- - voluptuous Hula dance. scenes we may so easily idealize, theui with aui Avenue, the main street of Honolulu threads up a gentle incline to their dark beauty and languorous grace, the sublime glory of the "Pali," that beneath tropical stars and night blooming wonderful gorge in the backbone of Oahu. Cereus. Their feasts given in honor of Two thousand feet below the waters throb weddings, births, .arrivals and departures, The bride usually and surge on the bosom- of those fair are great occasions. ) Aleutian Isles, from its precipitous verge dressed in white "holoku." (mother amidst its cloud-dnjegaily decorated .with blossoms of peaks the view is impiessive and inspiring, and away down brightest hues, sits on a fern carpeted floor, there where the tide is flowing and ebbing and partakes of the roasted pig and poi with the same eager appetite evinced by' is love and lovers, is joy and sorrow, and life and death. Afar, off .is the gracefully her guests "seated like Turks around her. curved coast line where the differing green Upon occasions of death too a feast is supof land and ocean meet and blend; there is plied an4 for days is heard rising over the wiiids the shimmer and sheen of hills and valleys hills and floating on the ocean-blowuf the niuimieis in their luxuriant fern clad beauty, and the the loud, wailing " Vuve in' effect. weird and uncanny entire romantic panoramic landscape spreadroundHawaii, "fair daughter of the ocean," ing its mantle' hr,' far out until the world of strange pleasures and experiing line of the Isle on the opposite side is a loses itself in the gray sand and mist of ences. The beauties of cliff and waterfall, beach and sky. Up this lovely incline to the weird ruggedness of crater and coral the "Pali," or on the white, beach whose reef, the existence of human natuie in its aborginal simplicity, its generosity, ignorsands are packed and hardened by the lapare ance and innate love of beauty, will well ping Waves the native equestrians at their best. The natives all ride well and reward time and study. . Her industries, eommerdardevelopT the side, saddle is an object of contempt. ponies, bare feet m.ents and politicaT status, are generally Astride their in the stirrups and gay streamers floating known, so much has been written thereon. Of the details of their humble lives, their on either side," head and neck bedecked with brilliant flowers, the native woman is habits, superstitions and language, so much of interest can always be told. attractive,- picturesque- and daring. This Heart and memory will forever hold, has been primitive and conspicuous costume tasteful tender, loving and grateful thoughts for the superseded to a great extent by the, on the dark friends of twenty years ago among short skirt, bloomer and gaiter, and. whom were spent, (ait years of teaching rtf thP. latter is sometimes seen the in the and being taught many of life's serious pretty but cruel little spur flashing; ' lessons. M. A. Lambkrt. Thev are usually happy and hospitable, ; Written for the U. W. P. C. with native cordiality snaring vuuTo iucu one visitor their calabash of "Poi.' arise uninitiatephquestionvill probably or Miss GltACPATTONrState-upeririteri-den- t whether to sbght the hospitality of host statT of of Public Schools for Colorado, is a hostess and refuse this FCuhar defiance of in- - member of the Iacully of the State A life ' ' or partake thereof in School at Ft. Collins. Her politithereby- Win their cnnaiiou ciuu. The taro Troml cal hobby is proportional representation. Watinn and regard. very which the poi is made is. a vegetable ATbixl to licence the sociil evil is pend- m cultivated It is like the Indian turnip. Oregon women are sendand ing in Oregon. water) of standing, " lois" (patches protests to - the Legislature.-Thesstrong 'in- underground ing steam process attempts will continue to be made confer holes,, lined with, hot stones' from time to time, until women have a removed, is it A.fter several hours steamnig thrown into a vote. Gripped of its rough skin s prL-cioti- er Ill'I'.i'.AKI). TO MKS. .U. R . f '"' ' tncr " i ' ' tJ5': Jw J;. qHSstipn " ' in rnw you sung Lang Jays :i' J soqs ' old ' - . .semi-monthl- Vhen ' love and life were dear. . r l 1..J i ... suuu t harming nays ui Th'o-Woven with sunshine round, .. k j , e v.... v" two-fol- '.,! ifi.' the old soul'S.r There co i.es a rush of tears, And my voice fails lo reach the. notes, Soa'r'd o'er i;i bygone ye rs. I may not touch a broken late J i I 11111441j1 I 1 ' Hen Bolt "-- ' Kathleen,"-- blue-eye- d -- ' doon,"' ' . . . " " " lessie (lower o'.Dumblane," " Young Mary across the moor," " When sha!l :ve meet again," " ( )! oaken bucket," " Lochinvar,'' " Uide'ye darlent, vie," " Fledged to union in peace or war," Land of the bfave and free,"-- he wave," 7m- In'unrh the boat unon y - " " Do they miss me at home?" n Here's health bonnie Scotland to thee," " Westward our footsteps roam." hub-bard- d ' i u-- - These are some of the old songs, Twined in a wreath for you; n - ' - --' ,- SouvirJr of days " Lang Syne? With life's bright roseate hue. They cheer my heart like summer rain, their names recall, V. strain, seem to hear Nov blending with them all. f As I I each-echoe- -- - " " Rory o'.Moore," K.tte Mavourneen," . e taere's ne'er made sic anitkcr" .".Annie Laur.e,"" Ivy green," "Sweet Home" ''The last rose of summer " Konnie - d Nelly My." and s, . . O -- . . , Bonnie- Raking the hay in merrie June," And " Co.nin thro' the rye." ' van-tage- .. Those dear old songs toeing, ' My harp is on ihe, willows Jiung, ' Its strains of music o'er, those dear old songs remain unsung, That oft thrilled hearts of yore. 44 - d -- Nor strike a jangled stringy Nor strive with. tones. forevefmute, "Sweet highland Mary," y passengers Adown the corridor's of time, Now but in fancy found. - . and-sur- . ; .songs, Nay, fcanna' Mngjthe well to hear; You loved so mnv k'one, Su: oft in liappy ihys ' g d fleet-foote- d L. M. Hewlings Greek Emigrants Song. . - HAWAII. " On the heaving of .the ocean Like a loving mothers breast, -- Lie the islands of Hawaii As an infant in its rest. leep sweetly Hawaii ' The murmur of echo of music from coral formed caves.' Twenty years." ago Hawaii was a little la ud of n mystery. The means of v isiti g scanty, while the volcano and trips were difficult and ' somewhat dangerous. Mark Twain's Roughing it ' did much to awaken American entfius-iasm.toward Seeing""and claiming the of that 44 pretty little string of Pearls," as Joaquin Miller calls them. A string of rafe and beautiful pearis, in the sapphire center, of the great American vSome day . we shall gather up this it-we- inter-islan- d 1 ", de-iign- . M . ; ' ' ts re - f gri-cultur- al a" e - - 