r. ..." ' WOMAN'S . each other. cannot date nut, act contrary to my convictions.' , " Grace, dear Grace, why will ,yoii cleave to these deluded notions? Why' insist m making yourself and me unhappy from a mere whim ?" yt Whim I hope and pray that you of may some day know the value and force ' Until the whims which now separate us. that time comes, John Heplar, I will say goodbye,, and when we meet hereafter it w ill be as acquaintances only, or. as strang' ers, as you please.' Before he could realize it, she fled from the room and he was left alone. Only as "he left the house did he begin to realize the depth of the gulf between, himself and his love. Yet even while he cursed the luck which had prompted him to broach the subject of their marriage to Grace while in her unusual temper, he was not without liope of relenting on her part. Heretofore she had !een so kind and charitable, even chiding him for his shortcomings in a manner not the least "objectionable to him, that he could not believe she would long hold out in her present resolution. lie w.as not much of a student, of humankind, and had not vet learned that the mildest external appearance may cover a nature deep and determined, especially- when based upon convictions of right. John Heplar was of a peculiar disposition. He had many odd ways for one so Prominent among these .was a young. What other habit of talking to himself. Ieople merely thought, he generally spoke aloud. A rather promising sign; you will think, indicating an openness of character incompatible with hypocrisy or deceit. Well ' we will see. As he walked along the lonely highway, nhsnrhed in' his troubles, he might hive met his dearest friend without any sign of He looked straight before recognition, him, at nothing in particular, and thus & .soliloquized; "AVel'i I've done it now, or that's what I wonder if I ever can it looks like get in. out her opinion. myself straightened I if to over it be behave she'll May get try " Then after a pause, myself in the future. his feelings change. 44 I wish somebody would tell me why it is so many good fathers and mothers have such beastly children. Look at me now, for insUnce," addressing an imaginary 44 my father personage beyond the horizon, and mother walked a thousand miles over the rough prairies, and toted me along' into the bargain, all for of their religion.- They left good homes and surroundings to come out to this region, because they thought they ought to. To me the" religion and the1" country has always been detestable. They won't even drink tea and coffee because they think its all wrong, while to me everything jnaxisaorpuiaen in tneir coae, is just- - what I most desire." His ruminations were here cut short by the weight of a hand on his shoulder and a cheery voice in his ear, He turned quickly with an exclamation of surprise and a frown on his bro w, which changed to the ghostof a smile when he discovered w ho it : , - . . ! ' the-sak- e - God-forsake- n . was. "Why, Brother Harper, how you 'start- led pardon." 44 will, and may be you can help me to straighten myself out. I always liked you; you don't seem so down on boys like me as the bishopand some others." " I have a little more patience perhaps having been a sort of ruffian myself in my young days, but believe me, none has the interest of the boys more at heart than the 1 . ill-fate- me.' llQiwojiojyj ; ; ' . ' . ! hearty hand shake Jbcftishop.' iWt hBVwii'' tunred inat Counselor jttCV;-- ''.'' ' ": ;": (Continued.) studv there was no awakening you. ex by extreme, measures.' But'tell; .me n't I could not boy, what is your trouble?" have get by you, so have heard what', you I ask' been telling yourself, for which and wishes regarding You know my' belief, and I also1 to our hopes . EXPONENT - - Bishop." 44 Well may be so, but any how, I feel more free to talk with you. You see, Brother Harper, I'm made of wild stuff somehow. I want to be Ood and I try as hard as I can, but once in a while the old nick in me will come out, and' then I get n a tear, and the dickens is to pay generally." " And you want to know why it is that the good people in "our Church so often have wild tares in their harvest of children? about it; Well, .I'll ted you what Brother Heplar. You see these aie the. Last Days, that we read so much about in the vScriptures. Satan is alive to 'the fact that his kingdom is tottering to its. fall, that he is oh his last legs, in fact, and you may be assured that he is putting in good time trying to frustrate the plans of Jesus Christ, whom he hates. That is his business, he is merely paying strict attention to it, so Idon't know as he is so' much to blame after all. If we would profit by his example in that, it might be better. for us. Well, you see,, he has tried it again and again on the fathers and mothers. , They have withstood every attack, so he has turned his attention to the children,; who are not so well grounded in the faith, therefore more liable to be deceived. ... And tne more promising the child, .he more deter: mined are his eliorts to conquer him. Oh, my dear boy, were the veil taken from before our eyes, we would be appalled by WlTat is in the unseen world around us" 44 1 believe what you say, Brother Haf per, for I have felt then: influences. But If he has no naturwhat can a fellow do al goodness, but is purely, mean and contemptible, how cm he n;ht ag;iiiLt nature : aiid the indue; c. . . ' ' 44 It he relies up n hi wn strength, he will certainh f.iil. ... Satan fears no man on earth, in and of himx.-lfHappily for us we are in po.sNchiun of something by which he can be controlled." " And that is- -" There are three things which he' cannot withstand, God the Eather, His Son, Jesus Christ, and the Holy Priesthood. This latter we have with us, and if we honor it, it is our safeguard from the attacks of evib Probably 1 have lectured you long enough, but I want to give you a word of advice.. If you really want to do better, and be a good and useful man, go - you ; and ask the LoxdOa-hel- p You- -i nil-h- ot be disappointed in 'Him." That was Grace's counsel and I have tried, but Brother. Harper, I guess I am too Wicked, for I hav'ut felt any change." 44 Tut, tut, boy, remember that though our sins be as scarlet, yet they are made white in the blood of the Lamb. Try again my boy, and 'don't give up trying; it will all come right in the end. Goodbve. and if I can do anything for you at any c " -- . . PIONEER WOMAN HONORED. A members of the Grantsville Relief Society gave a 'surprise picnic parly to Stake President Mary Ann Hunter in their own new meeting house, Thursday ' June mem-ber- s 17, KS97. There were After everything Was in present. her readiness daughter, Sister Jlmuis Her Anderson, went- after her mother. on the is not building entering surprise she as to describe, thought' she wi easy to a talk about fencing to meeting coming After the greetings were' over our lot. President. Rose Hammond called the attention of the sisters and meeting was opened by hinging, " We thank Thee O God for a prophet;"' prayer by Sister Mary Ami House; singing " As the dew from heaven 'distilling." President Hammond then delivered the speech of welcome. President Hunter responded, thanking the sisters for their kindness, said she was Renot aware she had so many friends. ferred to her travels across the plains with her child in 1847, while her husband was in the Mormon Battalion. Said her hum war too full to express her feelings. Sisters Louisa Hale and Mary Aim House made a few appropriate remarks, followed by vocal and instrumental music. The company then sat down to tables, spread with everything eatable that heart could d. sire. The evening was spent in recalling old times, in conversation interspersed with singing and music, all being well paid for coming together. Benediction by Emily J Anderson. Tin-- : fifty-seve- n - -- ' -- - t Mary Ann Housk. PS, Sister Hunter by Brother A. L. Hale wa read during the exercises but it- is impossible at this time to publish it. The editor of the Exponknt wishes also to congratulate Sister Hunter and greatly appreciates her labors for the sisters in the interest of the and as a mother in Israel.' We are glad io know the sisters in Grantsville have succeeded in getting a hall of their own, it is another proof of their thrift and energy as a Society. May our Heavenly Father bless and prosper the sisters in all righteous endeavors and in ali their works of clnrity and moral and E. B. W. spiritual excellence. - -- Relief-Society, : ; 44 ' . '" i Among the great mercantile establishments in Omaha only, one is under, the supervision of a woman, Mrs. Jennie Benson, .For 'nine years Mrs. Benson has conducted this enterprise, each year enlarging her. business until today it is next to the largest store in the city. She is an Omaha woman and employs only women. She does her own purchasing, making trips to Mrs. Benson is Chieago and New York, on the sunny side of 4Q,.andrin addition to being one of the leading merchants . of the city, is a society favorite and one of the handsomest women in Omaha. She finds time from her business duties to give con-- . siderable attention to literature and to society. Altogether she is regarded as a most extraordinary woman. All of the immense capital she is now handling is theresultof ' - . . . 