1 WOMAN'S lit' 9, ' - - - J I A Editor.. - H MME L 1SE fJ. WELLS, Ctntrxbultr. hdil,rxt ANN IB H'KLLS CASNON iCamtitm), Publish in Salt City, Utah. six months, Terms: one copy one yr.tr, Ji.oo; one copy No clubs. cts. tor reduction City papers deliv50 ered by mail, extra for postage one year ,.25 ct. Advertising rates: E.tch square, ten lines of nonpareil dissp ice one time. 12.50; per month, $3.00,. A liberal ' count to. regular advertisers. KxroSKNT officer Rooms 227 & 228 Constitution liuild- ing, Main Street, opposite Z.Ct M. I. Business hourtlrorn 10 a.m. to S p.m. every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications io Sfn.i-tnonthl- f-- y, ike bAHJNK.N 1 . 'Vipers ' . Jie Temple and urging the WjiofifcO" ; thji jvlng and'the dead. President iVngus Cannon' also spoke brielly, calling up remembrances of other days, and relating some particular incidents that had tranwere very spired in that house, which Sister Zina I). H. pleasing to recall. for Young spoke in a very feelimr manner 'the a few minutes and then broke out in gift of tongues, Sister Zina Y. Card gavethe interpretation which was very comfort. m.-vJ- . , ".As it was getting late the company joined in singing and Bishop John R. Winder . PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT. pronounced the benediction and the Salt Lake City, Utah. dispersed, feeling the." time had been SisEntered at the Post Of.ce in Salt Lake City, Utah, as delightfully passed and congratulating matter. ter Margaret Young, upon the success of' the gathering and wishing her many more years of usefulness upoTTThe earth. Salt Lakh City, May i, 1897, Sister Margaret P. Young's birthday anniversary was on'the 19tha", of April, but PARTY IN'TIIK LION ..HOUSK. she postponed the party to more convenient date. Sister Margaret, was seventy four years of age April' 19, 1S97- - and Margaret P. Young gave, a most enjoyable remarkably well- for one who has of. Lion the in the interesting parlor lived so many years and passed through so party House. .Most of the guests present were much.. She was born in Ashton townTemple workers; oT others there were Presiship, Delaware County, Penn., 'April 19, dent George '(J. Cannon and President 1823.- her parents were Quakers, Robert Angus M. Canhoiy Klder A'. M. Musser and Hannah Pierce. They received the and a few sisters who were either relatives Gospel and were baptized in 1S40 and went or intimate friends among which numbei up to Nauvoo, Illinois in 1841; in Xauvoo the Writer was delighted to be included, as they lived down nrarto Prigham Young's the company- was very select and the house residence. Sister Margaret was married to itself is exceedingly perhaps the President Young in the Xauy.oq, Temple in residence the State. so of most anyearly in 1846 and came out in the .winter ' Kissed consocial was in afternoon The time in'February 1846, traveling witlyher versation mostly reminiscent of the house, father's family in the main body of the its illustrious owner and its belongings, of. Saints. Brother Robert Pierce was one of incidents connected with it and tlie people the pioneers of, 1847, leaving Winter who were familiar an,d frequent guests Quarters in May of that- year; Sister Mar there in the days of President Brigham garet came to the valley with her father who also brouglit with them outig. There were present of his wives besides Sister iUiza R.; Show the gifted poet- and the hostess Sister Margaret Young, Sisters author. Sister Margaret Young has lived Zina- - I). II. Young, Kmily P. Young, permanently.' in the Lion House ever since Naamah T. Young, Lucy P. Young it was built, and is still likely to remain B. Young, and quite a number of his there for many years to come, for she has children which .made the house seem much the appearance of being very long lived.' e more natural and homelike than it We can sc . rcely express the feeling one would. The fact of President Yountr has when go; ig over such historic places, died house in that of, being spoken having but on that day we recalled to mind the the guests were told they might visit the' first social party we attended there , after room in which his spirit took its departure President Young's death when Gen. Wells from lit mortrd hod v n larrup nnmlwr if in responding to an invitation 10 speak was the companyavailed "themselves of this almost overcome with emotion, and repeatopportunity; Sister Eliza R. Snow's death ed in closing his speech the beautiful words in the room adjoining the parlor was also of Moore, and these, spoken of with tender-feemiwith other more cheerful subjects,' formed "1 feel like one who treads alone some banquet. hall deserted, , interesting matter to dwell upon. Whose an lights are fled, whose garlands dead, After re freshinen tsjiwere. served and all all but me departed." had partakeii tinTsK:ial way, one or two recitations weregiven and the little grandTHKLOLD JOtJRXFY son of Sister Margaret Young played some difficult musical compositions on the violin, L:rom the Missouri river to (lie : ( heat .several very fine musical selections were Salt Lake I alley given on the piano by Spencer Clawson J liiy Mrs. Lizie Thorn as Kd ward s&ng iiAi4umi La m bou rn Jtm hraftisr and in the most delightful way in her exquisite author, is bringing out a new publication clear voice the beautiful sone bvj 'Millard - 7 which will be a rare production of facts, " Waiting," and later on by incidents and descriptions of the entitled pioneer request, gave ' O, My Father;" and journey .across the plains, and will then there- was,, a little old fashioned. illustrated as well as artistically " The author's style is always, dancing more for the sake of Auld Lang written. " Syne than any "particular enjoyment in graceful and when he has. so fruitful and Then a recitation genial a subject to write upon the dancing itself. ' Flossie's Marriage" by Miss Mabel fail to please and interest the public. His Snow was giverim a' verj graceful and book as far as have seen the proofs forcible maimer; afterwards. President Lorenzo snow a .dressed tile brethren and guage and sentiment intensely poetical. . eoiu-pan- y t:ond-clas- $ -- she-look-s - - - - . - . rrd-rrroth- ei, - -- and-Harrie- t other-Avis- - '. " , g, - - ' - " he-canno- t . ' w-- e j- ihe'Juoilcc- vclebjj:iJ$viU attract. m.,:'u attention ami-wardently Vish.. Mr. Lain. ooume iiou.ui u.ni.t in .i ujv.iivr ue 'i. than book men. usually do, 'pecuniary bene nt.from'the sale of the work of his peii.and brain. But we are well aware that it is with him as with geniuses generally labor of heait and soul interwoven with ih: .love of his subject. Mr. Latnbourne gives such vivid d'escrip, lions of scenery and of. storms, sunrises, sunsets, moonlight, and of dancing that we can easily fancy the real picture, and he gives with pathetic feeling the sail, vide of the picturesque journey" in deaths 'and burials by the wayside, the night guard ami all frofn an artistic standpoint, which' cannot fad to gratify the "most fastidioulover of th e romantic and of a high rla ' . . literature. The book will contain eighteen pliotn 'grarure lates of scenes that are natural and finely executed Beginning with a with Nebraska landscape prairie tire, Sun-seon the Platte River, The Unbroken Prjrie, Court House? Rock. Chimney Rock, Scotts Bluffs, Left "by the RoadieY. Abandoned Camp, Among HilN, f .aramie J'eak, Sweetwater River, The .Devil's Gate, The Night Guard; A Buffalo Herd, Independence Rock, Ford of the Green "River, .Moonlight in Kcho. Canon, First glimpse of the Valley; all these pictures will be not only dear to the pioneer and others who crossed the plains in tlmse early days, but will bring to view the many scenes and exploits of the past and help to ri;et. them in the minds of this avd succeeding generatio?is. These reminiceri-cesarwell worth preservi'ujj in the delightful style in which- this book is Mr. Lambourne r.'t sure to be prepared. In..uoiL but lie Q"ity pnts his he.rev-mt- t So gets the. best material to set it off. The paper itself will be such as an artiVt would be likely to use in our day, antique., , and the type new, cfeara odd." in fact no pains will be spared to connu-iit to public notice. It will be issued irom thcL press of George Q. Cannon and Sons CC, and will be The First Art Book In Utah of home production, which is likely to prove a high recommendation We hope and trust the Semi Centennial Commission will purchase a sufficient number of copies of Mr. Lambourne's book "The Old Journey "to present one to each of the fiviug pioneers of 1847. One cannot even look, over the pictures w;iiiiout being, forcibly reminded of the original, and many Tender recollections of the past spring to mind that hadbeen buried or for the time forgotten. Mr Lambourne makes some telling comparisons between the past and the present, which Vjll be calculated to awaken thought arid perchance, stimulate young, people to emulate tli valor and heroism of the noble and valiant pioneers of these inountainvales. - .1 . . al-h- o - . ' t -- the-Blac- . e note-worth- y . decle-edge- d ; PAMPHLET ON SKRICULTURK. Tin; Utah- SilkY Commission have iiwf brougbt put a treatise on Isilk raisings that fill give all the necessary iiiformatioii on - this useful and reimnierativendustr;. The. ladies have taken xgreat col; pains to lect practical facts and give them to the in order to facilitate the work of public , llLlHtPejigW ing and important home manufacture. over the book carefully; one": can- Ucx)king 