WOMAN'S EXPONENT sick and ekXL.days 1 iierjwvsed aww suifQund j engendered or abet ed by a mlftrnvotVa ted, there is none more false man inai Sis er Wiliuims deth is, sfncerely mourned by' which tacitly assumes, or explictly declares . She was the mother of eight family and that men are born with equal originabmen-ta- l children, children. H';r living posterity is lortv-on- e grandchildren and threecapacity, opportunities and education .w:hich.-meSSh6ii,'h- fift-nds- - real-grandchildr- determining the difleience of subsequent and died in full faith in the Gospel an joyful anticipation of a glorious resurrection. She-liveI c s. v In all aj;cs and among all people, .he. idea has prevailed that prenatal conditions have wielded a mighty powcfiu forming the in- tellectual, moral and physical nations of mankind. In our own time as well as learn,-how from the dim voices of the past--.wstrong is the belief in maternal impressions. We know how deformities, birthmarks and various diseases are charged by mothers to conditions which operated during the period of gestation.- Religion, a nd seie nuTall lesti fy, .that prenatal influence is all powerful in forming the characters and dispositions of human beings. ' The scriptures tell us that" 1 he sinsoi tlie lathers shall be visited upon the children unto the third and fourth generation. "Num. Uth chapter, iSth verse. And in Genesis,3rd "And Jacob' took him chapter we read: rods of green poplar and of the hazel and chestnut trees, and peeled' white streaks. in them and made the white appear which was in the rods. And he set the rods which he had peeled before the flocks in the gutters in the watering troughs where the flocks came to drink that they should conceive when they came to drink. flocks conceived .before the And the rods and brought forth cattle, speckled and spoUed.-History profane and sacred abounds with "numerous examples testifying to the poteiD cy of prenatal power. Napoleon I. doubtless e his-tor- y -- ring-streake- d, viisuiiadeJliegeI that his mother spent the greater part ot her time on horseback during his prenatal period. She was a woman of great courage and accompanied her husband through the campaign with Paoli in 1790. During this time she was in constant peiil and danger, and not only surrounded with but intensely engaged in all the pomp and circumstance of war and in this way not only became familiar with the horrors o( war, but also became reconciled to it and in a measure enjoyed it. This being so it could uoj possibly be otherwise'that in her son .was im- planted that indomitable spirit, that unbounded ambition and passion for warlike pursuits that in its exercise did not stop of the world. short of The prenatal lite of the poet Burns, our own Garfield, Lincoln and many .others might be given showing how each one was endowed with those gifts and national qualifications enabling him to occupy the position in the world's history which he did. Scientific writers without number most positively assert that not onlv the ohvsical nature of the child, its beauty;, of face and step-childre- : Them ind i nfl uehces aiTdlnod-ifieganization the body iti ways unexplained. Continued.) Dr. . 1 - . Work on Body a.nd Mind says: of "Perhaps alP erroneous notions concerning , mind s Midwifery Glasses. j- 1 - . t ' ; ntly i, i mm puis k I I I 1 W 1 Iff V school' r i wV w k I The Winter session of Dlt. Hi.i.i-- . R.' Sini'P's School, in Obstetrics and . Nursing will begin October 7." (."tMitt-1S'.7, at her residence, 1 1 1 1 street, witji greatly improved, faeilb ties for instruction in this important study. For full particulars please ELLIS" R. Shiim'. address : . orui Lnnnnnnru uxnjuxnnru uuinjururnj nr 11 V l I I I U I 5 III II' I U1UV, TrHin leave and arrive Snlt L ke Ciiy as lows. (In effect Marcli 16, 1SV7;: DEPART. Thc Ovcrlantl LlinHcd'' tor ran I. Ft. Loui-!- (inaha, "Citj. Denver and TarX City Ht. , Chica:, Kuii.-a- s 7:i"0 a. t;i. Fat IdiiI-- "TLe , - fol Mali," fur Chir;if:o, St. Omaha, Kans.is eity and C,:'2? p rn. Denver . . .. .... From three U twelve hours quicker to all ii Love points than any other line. ARRIVE: "The Overland "LiinUed," from CM-- " Ciipo. 0 StIiuis, TarY 1 n h , K an s-- ( 'j r y , T)envef ahd CIfy .." 'The Fast Mail," fiom Chief jro, Ft. Paul, St, Iouis, Otnuha, KasH City and Denver CITY TICK 1ST O FFI ( ' U, JO 3:10 pa.m. . fjl p.m. A IA SI. Telephone Xo. 665. The only lint operating Through Pullman Palace Sleepers, Library, Buffet Pmokcr, Dininir Cars, Tourist Sleepers and Free Jtec lining (,'hiur C'irs. " S. If. IT. CLAR1C. OLIVER W. MINK'.. FTELLERY ANDHRSON. JOHN msu nssuuunn 5- V. DOANE, FREDERICK R. COUDERT, Receivers. E. L. LOMAX, 0. P. & T. Agt, E. DICKENSON, Gen. Manager. U. M. CLAY, General Agent. S niuxnTLfinr. nnnnnnrLn msb R.E.THOMAS Removed to 48 and 50 Main St.. 5 stincts are transmitted from parent to child Immoral and emotions, byt stroner mental . . t r r il wnouy incorrect naons or me. Dr. Henry Maudsley in his excellent n child." Thus we find that, physoligists admit and observations prove that the matefnal emotions do effect the exterior of the fcetus, and likewise may the mental development be altered in its complex and delicate or- fnrm Hut tlinr ir mpntril nml mnn! fcjrii! ties are materially influenced by conditions existing before its birth. Indeed they go farther and say that idiocy, .insanity, imbe- - : .mr. " 1 - e ion ' . r,-ee- . tile-subjugat- : ... .. - :. Forjnerly of New Orleans, and of 4"len, has opened a vv;. Studio in Unity Hall, LS W. Third South. Operatic repertoire a speci;r ty. Hours Iroui 10 until 2 p.m.- ... . .(Opt Wednesdays .and Saturdays. ve -- - v development. it. is false. as The opinion is as cruel What man can by taking thought add one cubit either to his mental or his bodily "Multitudes of human beings stature? come into the World weighted with a desneither the tiny against which they-hawill, nor the power bo contend, they are the of Nature and groan under the vorst of all tyrannies, the tyranny of a bad organization. Men differ indeed in the fundamental character of their minds as they do in the features of their countenances, or in the habits of their bodies, and between those who are born with the potentialty of a full and complete mental development, un. der favorable circumstances, and those' who are born with an innate inca'pacity of mental development under any circumstances there exists every graduation What teaching could ever raise the congenital idiot to the common leVel of human intelligence ? What teaching could ever keep the inspired mind of the man of genius at that level ? The congenital idiot is deprived of his human birthright, for he is born with such a defect of brain that he cannot display any, or can only display very feeble and iniper-fec- t From no fault of mental functions. his own is he thus afflicted, seeing that he must be held innocent of all offence but the offence of his share in the original sin; but it is nowise so clear that it is not from some fault of his parents. It is all too true that in many cases there has observsbly beeh a .neglect or disregard of the laws which govern the progress of human development through the ages. Idiocy is indeed a manufactured article, ratio al'Tiough we are not always aTjIe to tel I how it is manufactured, still the importaut causes are known and are within control. Many cases are distinctly tracable to parental intemperance and excess. Out "of three hundred idiots in Mass. Dr. Howe found as to be many as one hundred and forty-fivthe offspring of intemperate parents, and there were numerous scattered observations which prove that chronic alcoholism in the parent may directly occasion idiocy in the . PRKNATAL INFIvUKNCHS. . - ; - 1 . as i Romania B. Pratt SALT LAKE CITY. com- mences a class in midwifery everv six. months immediately after, the semi - annual, conference. Special courses of three months to wives wlio have been "in practice. Special terms given to. students sent by any Reli.ef Society. For particulars please address . Romania J). . Pratt, Constitution-Bldr- Salt I,ake Citv. . ' Main St . , The Leading Retail G ash H ouse : THOMAS 