' ,v.,v W,,.',. . --- ' -- r , , , conn,.situated ami so strongly fortified that .it rollgi; .nasniy. be well LMTabronz,-- era!, with a,, inscription the Key. of the Nile, and byMhU for the labor or the time they give; also in Latin on one of its claws. repaid oon Greek'aud whole country-sthe Commanded means A reeler is employed by the State, to The translation of these inscriptions which became a usual residence of the Egyp-tiaeffect that teach the, art of reeling .which is not difficult the to was same the both were kings; and remained so until Alexin at andean be and has bcerr done upon the' this obelisk had been erected or "dria was built, by Alexander the Great. spinning wheels; but reding of Augustus Cesar, "Alexandria reign A- This city is situated 112 miles northwest " i m vr .tin the "itwt .1 D.n.tltio '!...... and not spinning is desired. twenty, eumiit-ci Ptolem-isnhumtu.1, the of from Cairo; under the dynasty is on each cent five given was bounty it pound or Alexanplaced before the C;esarcum or, as is the and city made great progress, cocoons, gooof reeling performed sometimes called, the Temple of Augustus. dria was the chief emporium for the com one of Cleopatra's where one hundred pounds are raised; this obelUk The Cesar." at became it and also thk, merce of India; Kheindustry with method and attention for the was by. Needles presented as such the sciences, of time the center can be made", quite lucrative. A to the United States, was of dive contained Egynt It etc. mathematics, astronomy in last ladies year made a Springville New York City, in club of an immense library, the largest of antiquity, set up in Central" Park, feel much and success very grand encouraged. A. I). chiefly collected by Ptolemy Soter and 18S1, what was to hinder other ladies doing is there What Island the of On fbimerly consisted which Ptolemy Philadelphia, but which so? I would say profit by .their example, of 700,000 volumes, about 400,000 of which Pharos in the Hay of Alexandria, Soter and his take this as an incentive and "go thou and .vere destroyed by fire when Julius Oesar is now a peninsula, Ptolemy do likewise." Do not let a lack of energy -- wWioiaTted-T stteeessorrrloiemy oiimaueipuu, ""in a be a stumbling block to you but arise and Ph:itTK or lighthouse, which was considered the Alexandrians, with war his city, during It follow out the counsel of the Prophet Brig-haof the world. and the remaining volumes were destroyed one of the seven wonders Voung; he gave a great impetus to 'was constructed of white marble, and fires the of the Omar, Amron Caliph general by and expended thousands of were lighted on the top to warn travelers of Saracen A D. 640 It could be dollars upon it. After falling before the .Roman arms the difiicu It access to the bay. A Mrs. Dunyon and her family, insix .of one hundred miles. Alexandria scarcely lost any of its splendor; seen at known weeks raised even hundred pounds of bin when conquered by the Caliphs, and The Pillar of. Diocletian better and this. County paid two dollars ; u Pompey's Pillar," stands between cocoons subjected to the. Saracen" yoke, it then while the per pound for a large growth of cocoons, and continued to decline, until the dis- - uie city and Lake Mareotis; are at a distance and we sent some to Washington, D. C. Jo:JheCareof Catacombs of Alexandria eovery. of a.pasC-toJndi- a cut'-iHi thor face' and - received 5 r . 25 -- per pound forthern; Good Hope in 1497, gave the final blow to dfabouH wo miles 'fro it; of a calcareous rock which fronts the Sea. Congress furnishing free labels for trans its importance and trade. Its chief .ecclesBy having your cocoons reeled When Ainron, the Saracen general, took portation. iastical building is the Mosque of the Thouthus have your silk in a marketsand and One Pillars.- - This city was possession of this city, he stated in a letter up, you to the Caliph, that he found in Alexandria able condition which will net you a nice founded 332 B. C, and Dinocrates, a celeor it can be woven into, dress goods brated architect, who rebuilt the temple of 4000 palaces, 4006 baths, 40,000 Jews who sum, of which you could be justly proud. Diana at Ephcsus, was engaged to lay out paid tribute, 400 royal circuses, ..and j 2,000 manufacture is the watchword now its plan. There are now very few remains gardeners who supplied the city with all Home of herbs, or vegetables in great plenty. as heretofore and whereby a nation cau by which its ancient magnificence can be kinds On therrjtlrof Juns 179S, this city was iudepeudaut. We expect to see this recognized. stormed by Napoleon Bonaparte and taken. enterprise fully established; the climate is One of the two obelisks known as CleoOn the 2 st of March 1S01, at- - the battle nowhere better adapted for the cultivation patra's Needles, was first acquired for England by Sir Ralph Abercrombie in 1S01, at of Alexandria when the French under of silk. The Japanese have proven and acknowl-edgwhich tim it had long wen embedded in Menou were defeated, Sir .Ralph Aber- this, our native silk is pronounced by wis mortnlly wonnrird; and on Ihe saud aud uuttHfHltt-- 7 removed at that time, uit was presented to the 2 8 ill of August following, the .French experts to be of the. best texture. The the British government by. Mehemet Alt, garrison yielded to the British, under the loom belonging to our Association vas woven upon at the World's, as well as our command of General Hutchinson. the first Khedive of Eg) pt. and again offer' own Territorial Fair. We have fabric on . Julia A. Druck ed to theni by the next Khedive in 1877.. handball 'silk .and have sold four dress patIt now stands on the Thames embankment native terns, "poplin, woolen warp the Charing Cross SILK U&M-KG- S. silk filling-.OSilk Flag woven Kersey and Waterloo bridges, and was erected at ' is madif Can be obtained at the Utah Woman's 14x8 this place on the 12th of September- 1878. entrely of native silk; but .Mr. John Dixon was entrusted with the . Silk Commi-sbioSalt Luke City upon ap- we should go on to greater success and perwork qf removing and seeing to the safe plication to Mrs. Margaret A. Caine. The fection. All that we need is proper machin3 000 for the ery to work up and give lustre to our silk, transportation of this obelisk. The EngLegislature appropriated lish Monolith,' as well as tjbe other one ..silk industry in this State, which should and I am sanguine that meanswill be which is in New York City, is of hard, call forth our best energies in this direction forthcoming to this end. Speed the day is '. the desire of, compact red granite,- - known as Thebah. as it is a profitable industry in which from 'obtained which the was and children can engage and also stone, quarM. A. Till, make very remunerative. The time is now ries of Syene on the Nile. President. Utah Co. Silk Association. : It is supposed that theserEgyptian relics upon us the mulberry is leafing out and I were brought to Alexandria from some hope all those wishing to engage in this ancient Egyptian temple, during Greek or busiuess will see to it at once- aud provide The Princess of Wales has written to the Roman rule, and are .stated to have been -- suitable places for the hatching of the Lord Mayor of London, pointing out thnV'' originally erected at Ileliopolis 'about 1600 worms. T believe it would be beneficial for B. C., by the King Thothmes III., and as' ladies to aud work in a syste- in the schemes to commemorate Queen of amongst the hieroglyphics with which they, matic and business manner, thereby insur- .Victoria's diamond iubilee. the poorest fe covered, the namesof Thothmes III., of ing a greater success probably some one ptfie poor, the tenants of the London slums, Rameses II., and of a still later king have could offer a suitable and convenient place have been' overlooked. She says: ; V Might pbeeiuieciphered upon QneofltljemT- - it seems- - to be used as a cocoonery for hatching -- the I plead that they also shall have a share in probable that their true history and origin worms, and likewise supervise it, while the fetes of that blessed day, and so remcm-berVtthe end of their lives that great and Thas 'etto-b- e discovered; but we cau - be young people could gather, prepare and sure that they, date back to an early period furnish the leaves ior feeding, which must good queen whose reign, by the blessing r ot of Egyptian history. The obelisk that be done 'regularly and promptly. The LetGod, has been prolonged for sixty years , was standing at Alexandria when r.the Engus, therefore, provide these unfortunate work: is not laborious and when in engaged lish were removing theirs, was examined by becomes a delight as one's interest is called ones, these beggars and outcasts, wfth a. dinner or some substantial meal during the '.Mr. Dixon. This engineer thought he out in watching the progress and developI could perliaps obtain information respecting ment of some of the creatures of God. One week of the jubilee commemoration. the time of its removal to Alexandria. of the mam things to be. considered is the have great pleasure in heading a subscrip- " After obtaining permission from the Khe 'evenness of temperature and . dive, he took away considerable ;Soil,:isand .der and of the proper moisture; Theretelii are "Chicago University has received from and debris, when he found that its buried ; pamphlets furnished free with full and base was resting upon a" construction "of Reynoldsral.;gifLoL the o&sslur raisin g MrsMaryLEsther v'.t.-: g225,ooo;;.; ' ' : . .W W q oCsnka, s.'fri'.:?"? was-almos- t u ' re-elect- old-fashione- d ' . e ov-in- e i six-week- -- s hat . . -- m this-industr- be-ira- - y . be-co- 1 , - . e tia . ur - - u wc-me- n . . - co-opera- te -- -- o . -- . the-deare- s : - -- 