T Him. ft, -- I lie lirst was your vision. .My 'own prayers have 'yoriTirmly behevedi right. lcen X absolute miseiv:- the last I could not do answered too,- in that your ." heart of gold" without conviction. I did not know what which I always knew you possessed made patent to tlie world. to do or where to go I ivL,i, Poor boy," murmured Grace, compas-- : if such happiness will last." shall be as happy as we deserve "Grade." sionatelv. and was rewarded by a kiss lor without doubt, and I hope we shall The old baby name, spoken in the same her sympathy. old fashion. She would have known it wandered about I don't know wheie, serve a great deal. Let us go now and see "I among.ten thousand and was finally taken in tow by Brother what our mamma's and papa's have to cvv V John to this arrangement. We must John Heplar you? When Harper, who lectured me soundly and gave ' ' did you arrive ?" d happiness i me some practical advise, which I resolved them in our " Lshould say not; for who anions, nil It is I Grace, and no mistake.- - I got to follow as soon as possible. After he left in about two hours ago. I left the comme. I wandered on till I came to the river. our. little world will so rejoice at our good fortune as those who have toiled for u t pany some miles back and came ahead Here everything was still and quiet. with one of our Elders who is sick. Are soueht out a secluded nook, and there I long and borne with our frailties so patient. you glad to see me, Grace?" Oh Grace. I tremble now iv. tried to pray. ane couia not trust hersell to speak, so when I think of that Kvidently they found no opposition in it was so bold, prayer, great-waher surprise and emotion, but so these directions, for a "few months later presumptuous, auvthmir' out what a she raised her eyes to his face, bright with praver should be. liut I did not tremble there was the happ'iest kind of a wedding and held out both her to which all the town were bidden. Th glistening" tears, then; I was desperate. I had tried to pray hands in a sudden impulsive manner. was no finery and but little ceremonv berore. and had received no visible answer her drew toward looked him. lie into I was determined to have one now if such a Sueh Jiabvlonish things had not vet fnl her eyes, and, as if satisfied with what Jie thine could be. I extwet I should have lowed the exiles to their retreat;' but there iound there, folded her in his arms and repeated my experiment had not a couple was warm hospitality and fraternal feelm . kissed her tenderly. : :7. ot cows routed m m a lane me think 1 had and plenty of good things to eat. The enl- Gome into the arbor, dear, I want to been discovered. I lay down on the bank, tertainment wound up with a grand ball in talk to you," he whispered. And hand in and finallv fell 1 hen it was that the evening in which young and old trin. asleep. hand they walked into the old trysting " the light fantastic toe," until I ped was so mercifully answered. my praver place, and sat down upon the old home when all decorously sought their found myself in a bare and dreary plain made lounge, hallowed by many associaown homes. which appeared smooth enough-igeneral. tions in the past. . Dear reader, all this transpired more than I which as but plodded along, multiplied V Do you remember, Grace, our last obstacles1 of years ago. The happv sim. name and nature.- There thirty-seveevery ?." conversation private were sticks and stones, briers and thorns. plicity of those days has given place to a Did she ! as if every word was not enmore stately and ceremonious mode of life, fallen logs, narrow, deep ravines with mud on heart. her he If graved only knew water running in them. Sometimes since "civilization" has found us out.' how, many times she had rehearsed the dy there was rain and snow,' lirhtnimra and Many, many dear friends who figured in scene, and wondered if in those scenes have mierated to the Silent she had not dealt harshly with her thunder. There were multitudes of peo Land. Many niany new friends have of all sorts and conditions; some plod wayward lover, he would not have asked pie on my way; some going backward, joinea us irom tneir Drignt iormer home, her the question. She did not speak her ding that they too might enioy the same privi some 10 me or leu. vet in my par thoughts but only said, " Yes, I remember, ticular path Ingiir. Thousands have eath- was alone. leges as wc enjoy. ' very well." T t t 1' Til' TinnK l snouia nave eiven up manv ereu irom everyJ iana to neioJ' swell nnr i ' " And has the old love died out entirely, times and turned back, hd it not been that numbers, and the little handlul of refugees has grown into a mighty host- - It is well. T ronldspp what looked li old clays a little?7 As she only hid her far ahead It is as.we knew it would be, and as we lace in her hands, he went on, the hungry green fields , and gardens, which I felt would be far preferable to the surrounding know it will continue to be. only in a great pleading of his long starved heart manifest er degree. desert. ing itself in his voice. Time has sown many silver threads Well I plodded along and finally reached " Was I mistaken then, Grace, and am I the entrance to a green and pleasant valley, to be again driven forth, a prey to the deero and.heroine. Children came to their bounded on both sides by green and wooded mon of unrequited love ?" ue home, grew up and began life for kills and extending for a great distance. uii no, no aear jonn l loved you At this place I found waiting to accompany themselves. "Grandchildren have followed" then I dearer and dearer me whom do you think ? in their wake, and if their ood luck conbut I thought" will also "rise "I haven't the remotest idea. "said Grace inues, "Go on, you thought what " a warm glow over her whole body, llP and call them blessed." They have That you no longer loved me you see feeling her known many joys, but they have not es belying tongue you were so cold and distant I thought, " Who indeed but my own dear Grace, caped all sorrows. Yet true to God. each I thought I had offended you beyond restiwithextended hands and a smile of wel .other and their convictions of truth, they - T tution." come for the wanderer. are well on their way toward the Beautiful Grace I hnv " Grace, darling, that was the reached the end of that weary road; I have City, and hope to enter it. hand in hand. turning . You did not know dear, entered the beautiful point in valley. I have found Their love has never waxed cold, and as that the vision of this moment has been you waiting with your welcome of love. for Grace, each passing year has strengthmyguiding star since that time." The rest of the journey we will take to- ened her faith in her husband's " Heart of " No, I did not know, or I would have Hand in hand we traversed this Gold." been spared many uneasy moments. But gether. valley together, turning aside now and THE END. how pray, did you under existing circumthen, to gather a beautiful flower or exstances, dare to conjure up such a picture?" . amine some object of interest. We- passed On July 24, Miss Frances E. Willard i ne conjuring was none ot mine. God vmagesana towns. and mingled with many went by invitation to what was formerly a has been very rgood to us to preserve us people, and at last found our forward view part of the township of Dublin, N. H., to -a of beautiful 0pstructedbythe-sigbt white visit the old home of her randfather.-KeingJiisJn.is work. Would you like to hear the story?" city ju the distanc- e- WTe traveled the infifth ivnytmng anything, John, for you tervening distance and in due time entered Elijah Willard, of Harvard, Mass., descendant from Henry, son of Major are so good and I am so And the city together. That was the end of happy." my Simon Willard, one of the founders of Connestling contentedly in the strong arms of dream, the was made interpretation known cord. .The old home and church are pracher lover, Grace Alison listened in wonder to and that (Jear, is, what has me, and gratitude to the tale o his helped tically intact. Miss Willard and Miss Gorme to overcome some of sufferings evil my don participated in the Christian Endeavor, and trials, and their happy culmination. propensities, and bring me to my present happiness "Well you see, when I left you that da v Can praise meeting in the historic old church, not see you the Divine hand in all and placed water lilies (the emblem of the i was the most miserable, being on earth I this dearest?" could see plainly that one of two World's Woman's Christian Temperance ' 'I1 cn inIeed. ear John; how must happen; either I must lose things thankful Union) on the grave of Rev. Elijah Willard, you, or we ought toebe, and how true, that we life in may who died at the ripe aire of eiehty-eighaccordance with that whiVii indeed reach bnng my the beautiful goal shown in after serving as pastor for forty years. Her heart, peeling her to teco'enize Wiruly member that it was, decided not to stop, but gave a great lurch and thumped msujy enough when.a low, earnest, lami liar voice exclaimed: - - . 4 4 ha-bee- n "e , . . ! is-i- t not-fori'f- t -- x new-foun- - , J 9 , A s t. . A " " -- mid-nigh- t, , n - . herrself-righteousne- t.y ss 1 1 - 1 1 4 I 1 , ; loye-yoiTno- w, - great-grandchildre- n - my-life- - w - t, - 