' .' discussed the morrow ;i) late and They must be married in the parlor at home; for the village meeting house people, v. as not opeir to any but orthodox ,.;nd the ceremony was to be informed at down .to' high nooti, and they were to sit iliiiner'at three, and the evening was to be i'quiet 'one with their own family and Quests, and the following morning the wedding parly would depat. Uncle inwould remain for a time .but he armed theui that previous to leaving' Bos. ton it had been arranged that Fred and his wife should go out to boirtir Atnea witu s him. '' "WaiU till Fred comes back rich and v.uiTl change yourjnnuiauny.ji win. ue. ever so much better than practising ins is really a 'profession in Boston, besides he man o( affairs and with his knowledge on out general subjects, he'll make his fortune ihere iti a chartered company.'' There is no time to tell you- - of the wedfollowed, ding finery, nor the dinner that which" was decidedly ail old fashioned and substantial one though served somewhat and elaborately. .The bride in white satin of orange blossoms was a perfect picture loveliness though she did not unbend- to Fred's family, not even during the concalJed upgnttulations, and her mother felt on to make all sorts of apologies for her Fred lack of cordiality and friendliness. could not see it, love is blind now as of old and his mother and sisters were too loud of .Jam to speak of it. aside to his Squire Wentworth remarked out wife, "She'll get that silly pride taken of her when she gets away among the B u tas for he rsc 1 sue spo kc or ostriches and diamonds and the wealth they would accumulate as though it were a fairy tale, and so it seemed to her undoubtedly, Mich is the hope and trustfulness of youth and inexperience. ti,p PVPniticr was dull, the mothersoonwas to sad with thoughts of the parting so when it come, and even the Squire was glad 'waltime for the guests to retire who were r , - . rrr 1 to take the morning train. As usual in homes where the unusual occurs the family, except the newly wedded the hearthstone pair, sat long and late by and distalking over the events of theit day was likely to cussing Fred's future, what "Its very be with his haughty wife. evident she holds her head high above us, --lid the Squire. "Never mind,' put in, loves Mrs. Wentworth, "if she only truly Fred we can forgive everything else in her of the But her face quivered as she thought - " ney that and. the long jourT o sleep for lay before 'them. found . Mrs, Wentworth and the morning her pale and trembling. In a few hours after breakfast tte party-madtheir adieux.the Squire and his brcttier iuc seeing theiu to -- the station. Remaps sisters to ' : disdahi of the bride helped he bear up better than if she had been gentle, had made they felt so outraged, but Susanminister alan impression on the young, even to though she dare not acknowledge it never herself, as love in its true simplicity - " gave hercourage, fower' and her buoyancy helped her 'sisters to bear up more bravely; courage in does and-i- t , O NKVmt ) t t has fre nlom called in vain On worn ii's li r.( or worn til's traio. Through slndowy stretch of lleeiing yeirs, , . . a , I n bi-o- Vy I 1 , 1 , X . tell him so. AI'Pi-AL,- . hisivasteru silks and trinktts and the girls ; were interested directly, ::s what girls are See'lier undaunted by her fo.irs; not with elegant and eustlv goinls and bnc-Set fortii from kindred and her native strand, , 1r.Tf Then- - um some rich present lor To dweh' thence fo; th in foreign lan :; how known not bad he ts one, though t every thrall, Then truth vi loosed fro-- an-.. t4 uniuli! U'l'TC 1... I...' i mi. e woe nau iie reiau many i,'--rich and-- Woman !nd answered Freedom's rail. to the so thanks And purchased; hundred and seventy-six- : generous uncle the Thanksgiving ended To seventeen and re id the tricks happily, even the babies v;re remenilered 'Now turn the pae ?nd royal lust of. gold and there were great promises made for the Of uil" and greed That wrenched the States fr m I'ritisn hofd, future. Mrs. Wentworth tried to be cheera . ful but it was difficult, as it is for any Then in that contest worn m bore part, mother when the loved on s go out- - from Sent forth h soni ? th cheerful luart the home; but the girls weri to remain at To tight for liberty, perchance to fall, Freedum's call. And t!iu she answ.-rehome now their school days were practicalso ly over and they would tiof be quite The'Nineteenth Century on ro'l of fame old 'leave the inscribe a. woman's name;. . lonely until they too would Has meantime divulged She had trod the field, .the In spit d, the tent, home. Uncle Ivlward the setl'ed query another secret and that Kver on kind mi s:on bent, her lelt Rosetta Stacy tluir minds why She- listened to the soldier's parting breath there came and up grand home in Boston And eased his paiiifal way to death; Uncie because was to be married; it simply With charity atul helpful hand to all, dmn's'call. ,m . i lCdward would not consent to a fashionable srie .,.,r.t TYef oiae i .iiiviv. Boston wedding. When school at.d allege opened wide their doors around came again When Thanksgiving Mores she drank !rom a year after, Susan and the young minister Ea.,;er with outtretc!ied hands .slsc turns. from Boston were united in marriage m the To liberty And begs the right she fairly arsis. same old parlor,' Squire Wentworth himself Tt at leg;sl Uors break those chat s in the ceremony. officiating called Ranking her with class degra Only the Squire's baby, as he now 0 brothers, let your deed our hope forestall; Marian, was left at the old homestead 'Tis yours to answer Fietdom's call. to keep the old folks company and" she had Mektha M. Wixom. fallen in love with one of Fred's college Woman's Tiibune. to friends, who made frequent visits . Wendell and seemingly wun gicai COMPANIONS. tions. And so the Thanksgiving those country' Wi: have companions, co nrade mine; m, quiet have to enjoyed and true, people expected Jolly uoo fellows, tried usual the on feasting Rhenish wine, country fashion, Are filing their cupS with I do wholesome viands without much ceremony as you. And nledrine each other and ' great hospitality with but genuine a man in all the land Never thankfulness tnUimwLo had bestowed Tlut has, in hishour of rued, a friend, measure" of, happiness buch a bounteous Who stretches to him a helping hand frustheir all found plans and plenty, had And stands byhim o the bitter end. unforeseen and trated and the unexpected, If not before, there is tomfort then, find it in often we so and had come to pass; In the strong companionshipof men. other and days. this life on holidays mine. But belter than that, old friend. of Rosetta's letters to her mother irom Cape with diamonds nor Is tlie love of woman, the life of life, Colony were not filled not yet Whether in m iiden's eyes it shine, even ostrich feathers and Fred has "of Or melts in the tender kiss a wife; notified the Squire of an heir to perpetuate A heart contented to feel, not know. the name of Wentworth. . That finds in the other its sole Lew England Thanksgivings are very Wiiite hands that are loth to let us go, .i:..::.wj oflToire pvkv one is expected to ad tenderness that is more than might ill The all feeling, aside to best his do lay On earth below, in heaven above, nonsense even until auer uic than woman's ,ve ? better Is there occasion. anythiug state" a served, which is really Jc tnlprated in the old iamines. I do not say so, cuinp.imo' m'.., 1U Uivuui; extra I church in the .morning, and a way For what, without it, woidd be here? musical exercises and special thanksgiving It lightens mv troubles, like this good wine, The homes, ant, : for tear! expressed in the prayers. And, if I must weep, sheds tear are pro. i . '.i, fr(nAz ih it are - new, - - always more especially the dining rooms, UOOKS, :wivi red and are best; Of all good things that we know fusely decorated with evergreens most a charming as others do, winter berries which make They never forsake us, to of sort gladness background, and are a And never disturb our in ward, rest.. season sombre this at thi eye and: the heart Here is truth in a world of lies, wise of the year. And all that in man is great and f m There are various traditions extant difficult to Better than men and women, friend, TLanksgiving. and it is though dear in our joy and pain, be are dust, true, That to. these of jsjikelybecome an esdecide which have penned, Are the books their cunntngmds it has little, but that matters bonks remam; should For they depart, but the tablished and honored custom and was best theselhey speak to us what all in bung Through observed by be scrupulously, ... n the .loving neari .mu Father in heaven for our to thankful sessed truly and ; the All their royal sou's o children His to mercies His h all v.e loncs forever to a l mankiud m this manifestations of His goodness,- and man oo When others fail him, Jhe wise lessons of veneration and teach way of books. simple, To the sure companionship of all theGiver to R. lb Stoddahu. gratitude j d This was another cruel blow to the' mother and she" heartily wished Uncle Kdward back with the Boers, and. did not hesitate to j, b.-ga- pro-'rain- Kd-war- WOMAN'S iur alwavs tliU;e around , us is., u ticiu .v?aru vrnoso irunKs uuu. um; to display just coKic'nmnVhe train ;ift with him Ayawyjaty . . . ! in-al- l - wi-dom- 's -- dis-racin- g' g. wu-- .. 1 . ' , . dd-ght- ; ! u.. . 1 - . i 15.-- ' ' , ! y .'. S re-jrard- - - -- - goot " ; :. . 