ntp feTettt4ricttoUuu at Pinedale, was organized. and every one'mftle a with a g(xxl opinion of Lindeti cooks. It The- Bishop, who by the way, is eighteen guiles from. Snowilake; Arizona was raining when we.' left but it soon cleas be, is ntf.a for days but this was one anrable and good as a man can wll ed up and we reached home in safety find of the very worst. The wind blew direct-- . was present and Sister Smith was led 'to ing all well. ly in our faces making it disagreeable for prophecy many" grand things concerning We had been gone five days, traveled him. If the good spirit ever flowed freely us and hard pulling for the horses. nearly one hundred iniles and held nine "" Meeting was to begin at 2 o'clock so we in a meeting it 'certainly- - dufinthis one, meetings. We feci very grateful indeed' drove to Mrs. Dal ton's where the sisters and it was indeed a spiritual feast. which we weie Two miles from Woodlands is Pinetop for the good feeling witty were already assembling. Mrs.. Brewer and trust our friends had prepared dinner for us but when she where wc were due at ; o'clock, but oh, everywhere received, for their kindness be amply repaid saw We were late she concluded we had how we were shaken beiore we reacneci will The road was rough and the over- tO US; dined somewhere else and so came on' to there Whether any good seed was sown meeting. The house was as clean as hanging boughs came nearly taking off the to' be seen, but of this we are confiwhitewash and scrubbing brushes could carriage cover. dent that the blessings of the Lord weie exmake it, but when Mrs. Dalton found out Pmetop is a larger place than we showered abundantly upon us during our hoXv cold we were she removed her pected to find, stiU it does not rival New absence. and soon had a blazing fire, before York. There are" several families living Dklla Fish, Stake Sec, R. S. In the there who do not belong to the Church, but which we gradually thawed out. meantime Sister Brewer discovered that wq we found a 'number-osisters who appeared w'dl as cold, and brought to beTirm in jthe "faith. lThekpresidcnt R. S": REPORTS. were us some warm dmnerTTVfler living eateir "had moved away and they "desired a red more - like UTAH STAKE. This was accomplished with quite Jieartily 'wc-fc- ltorganization. proceeded with the" meeting: all; Sister West Tin: Relief Society of Utah Stake conapparent satieficatiou The organization there, wasqiiite complete gave a nlodel sermon to beginners in the vened at American Fork,, April 30, 1897, and the sisters seemed to be alive to their work, and timely instructions-Weradded President Mary John presiding. Sister. E. duties. They are starting a stoki; by Sisters Smith and Driggs. . H.- - Wells and L. John Nuttall were on the which they 'hope, will aid them financially. was as meeting Leaving there as soon stand, visitors with the presiding officers. A baby was fakeu seriously ill during the over we next wended our way to Ellsworth. Meeting opened by singing "Joy to the meeting, and prayers were offered for the If we had been shaken while going to Pine-top- , woi Id;" prayer by Brother Nuttall; singlittle sufferer which we feel our Father in while leaving there,; ing " Arise.. arise with joy sur ey;7 min-we were "heaven has deigned to answer. ' utes of last conference read and approved. although part of the" way was very fine, reached our After meeting we drove over to Bishop' we when dark It was after President Mary John was pleased to Peterson's which is a mile and a half from destination, but Mrs. Mary A; Ellsworth meet with the sisters and to see so full an the' town.' Here we were very kindly had a fire in her cozy sitting room and such attendance. " We have many things to entertained by Sister Peterson. a nice supper prepared that we thought lay lefore you, and have special visitors." deBesides Relief Society work we were Our tex a all. so bad not was Felt we should have a time of rejoicing totraveling. wosirous of doing somethingin regard to hostess had a presentiment that we would gether and desired the Spirit of the Lord to obman's suffrage as well, and with this Hbe tired, and with her usual thoughtful- - assist us. ject in view held a meeting in the evening. ness for others, had invited the sisters to Sister Elizabeth Giles, First ward Provo, Bishop Peterson wras feeling very poorly meet at her home and save us the long said their ward was united, they relieved still he treated us with great consideration walk. the wants of tire needy.. Sister Majsh, and seemed pleased with our visit. The organization there was complete and President Alpine, said "We are feW-i-n The next morning after breakfast we the sisters number but the sisters respond to the calls doing as well as tlK:y couJd unite! the circumstance.i. cheerfully." appointment being for 10 a. ni. The ride : Sab visited the we The next morniutr Sister Wadley, President Pleasant Grove ' through the tall pines was extremely with took dinner then Mrs, Third ward, said " We meet fact it but that notwithstanding pleasant, Nellie Merrell whose" house was as neat as nnd in various parts of the ward, whereby seemed a very long six miles. The reason the 6ne We gather left, and immediately we get a better attendance. became evident as we neared the.. town', started to Adairjust where we arrived at 2 and make and sell quilts to '.orage wheat, which 'proved, to be Adair and not Linden, o'clock. Our faces and have cash in the treasury." wraps were coverwhich thus lengthened our drive into ed with dust but we converted our handkerSister Houtz, Fourth ward Springville, twelve miles. We had taken the wrong chiefs into brushes, and after using them i saitl " We are doing comparatively Well road. Vigorously for a few moments went into but not so well as we might. We made a The word that we were coming had not meeting. After the sacrament was admincarpet for our ward house and laid it; we been circulated so we concluded to visit istered the time "was given to our party are getting up a Fair to help build and ex- that Society on our return and drove on to who recovered from their astonishment pect .the ward to help us build; afterwards Woodland, a distance of sixteen miles. sufficiently to make the meeting a we shall gather wheat. We should work This quiet little nook is." pleasantly one. Here also we found the in the silk industry and help make it a suclocated among the pines. The farmers deorganization complete, but as the houses cess." pend upon the rainfall to moisten their are very much scattered it is difficult for Sister M.. A. Till, President .Utah: Silk land which we were told is very fertile. the sisters to meet in except pleasant Association, encouraged the sisters to take We stopped with Bishop Hansen and weather. a greater interest in producing silk. Told us to open our eyes in astonishment In the evening we held a suffrage meetof her visit to the Republican Ladies Silk when Jie .told of the great amount of vegewhich well .was attended. We were Club in Springville, of their satisfactory ing tables he raised-lasyear, his son he said, hospitably entertained by Sistei Brady unsuccess the first year's trial, and how syswas equally successful with wheat. - Even til the next morning. .i . a tematically they conducted all the details i. r r m .iiinirii :a l Tti rpt ti iitir-sAs .we had missed-Lindegoing up we of their club. Said Miss Pyper, of Salt so much water. There are good facilities concluded to once to find it. more, As Lake City, who is employed by the State, try. for reservoirs and the people think the outbefore we took the wrong road but were taught them to reel, they having raised look for the future is verv Vood. overtaken by a boy who directed us to the one hundred pounds of cocoons which en' As our party was large some of us were right one, where w7e jogged along uierriTy" titled the in to this, as also the bounty of until we. reached the place. This twenty-fiv- e enough cents pound on good kindly proffered to act as guide" saying that-tw- o was our last meeting but by no means the cocoons. Their club per has placed fifty dol blocks away we would find accommoleast as far as the pleasure went. The sislars in the bank as a result of their efforts. Before reaching the place des- - ters were all dation. in the Gospel. The "speaker thought the whole of Utah feeling well ' ana cai One two or officers vjilci. weary were jjicvv vciy needed which could surely do more than this. iudicu, " Let us remarked, "Why Bishop I understood you were promptly voted in and valuable inunite energetically in raising- cocoons, we to say it was only two blocks to your son's structions were Sister Smith and can get the eggs free from the Utah . by house' 14 So I did," he replied; "two ourselves. Sistergiven dwelt Driggs especially Lake CitV vcr "Tv'efridef rnwhate Tnade ' possible. by an arjprSpriationTnfiree The next day we held, meeting in the take. thousand dollars by the Legislature; :, it is "a ; school room at 10 a. m. The meeting oyer we were invited to dif. Society very remunerative enterprise and ' women ... . Stfljnitttieiir'was -- s. few-remark- i -- - ifcf-'S'.Ad- -- . -- . . ! re-mai- . fire-lxjar- d - . 1 huiirjs ' mission-aries'an- e utile . . re-shak- ... - . . J , semi-monthl- bath-School- we-ha- y d i . j g very-interestin- ! " be-cause- d . : t 1 . '.ii . vvi-- ii l 1 1 i4t-i- 1111 : I v ,: - : orty-acre-hlocksA n-ptmetuahty' A-Relie- f Coissi(ni.alt Wo-JE11-- .? 7 