WOMAN'S j j j I . ed - 1 1 1 up-jo- n wkters were either out , riding "or walking, or filling their appoint-ed visits to families.or isolated - individuals. The most of our company- returned to iwi iuv, Kri.n.t-o- ; . j mii j j j i j i i , . - the brethren. Pjeskletit Angus M. Can.-T- , President David Cannon, Bishop Keek r ;f Provo, Brother Eueius Snow of Brigh-t'City, and many others were present." i uh of thee brethren expressed themselves as .being pleaded with the subjects treated, they knew if would increase as.it was truth-Sister Sorensen briefly explained the work; she said ..the raising of children was the. most important p:ut of her teaching that a wemrm must uiuk rslaud what is ' quired of her as a mother, h uv to care l'.r lier'bod) that he may bjar the )iealth;,.t God's children-- r and noblest Sister Kirkham of Provo,' treated the. sub-- ! ject of "Child Training,.", and said we nn:.-,- t be particular m the language we use to a 'child and treat them as we wislr t; U-treated. Sister Salziier spok (,f the' necessity of girls being prepared for marriage. Sister k Pine, described a woman as a nurse in her own home, what her "qualifications should be etc. Sister .Eva Merril of Lehi read a She said paper on "Round Dancing." We ought to obey the authorities of the Church aud not allow impure or immoral men to be so familial ly associated with us, such as are often met in the.. ball r"om. Sister Allen prepared and read an essay on ; ; ! forty-seve- n j ! ' i j j i ro-j- I f ;. r I j ! I . j j I ' ' "Prenatal Influence." Jtua S. ! Yoqllva, Asht. Sec. PROGRAM OF WOMAN'S COXGRH,SS. . Tin: Program j i Vtt for the 25th Congress of the Association' for the Advancement of n en hckl a -S ! jri ngfkrld At as.T- Nov. 1, 2 and 3, is as follows: '"Reminiscences of A. A, W.," Julia tu-lnr- t- " - . Ward Howe. "Changing Social Picblems," .Ant ki- ette B. Blackwell. "Avenues opened fur Women in the last Ouarter Century," Mary j . n.- ; "The-Brai- ! n and the Hand," Claia ' 1). " Colby. . "English Queens; Their Influence Civilization, "Mary Newbury on-Britis- "iCdams. "Child Study," Frances Stuart Parker. i "The Social Philosophy of Lante," " Mitchell "influence of Women M. x in- lCilen Politics" tomette B. Kinney, "Mental Hygiene," Mary A. G. DsgTit, ' M. D. Japanese Women," Mabel Eoomis Todd. "Red Cross Relief for Cuba," J. Ellen Foster, Advocate General of the Red Cross . Dr. Elvira S. Barney." Relief. ; .Symposium: ''New Departure in .Mrs. Cynthia Westovj-Alden- is now editor of the woman's' department of the New York Tribune, which is given an r - Pkilan-thropy.- " entire page every day with three on SunSymposium: "What Evidence or Hope ' day, and employs a full staff of reporters, have we of. Higher Moral Relations between artists and writers on special subjects, all of - Nations ?" them women. . v Miss Susan B. Antiioxy attended the celebration of I he one hundredth birthday anniversary of the lamented Samuel j. , May by the equal suffragists jn Syracuse on Oct, 21, and started the same ;rNY evening .for the meeting of the National Woman's Council at Nashville, Tenu. v veal loae. V :'. -- Three and one half poiinds of minced veal (the leg is the best for this purpose) three eggs well beaten, salt and pepper to taste butter the size. of an egg. 'Mix these together and" mhke foiir4-olled-CTacker- .. into a- loaf, roast and baste like other, -- 1' - :. ' meat one hour. - . " I . Hen-Eide- ' i t . Mauassa. Monday, August 16, the most of our At group took dinner at Sister Haskell's. aro'clock several hundred people had rived by the funning stream, and listened to remarks by the Klders. after, which Apostle John W. Taylor went, into the souls, a few water and baptized and two were for oi them were their health. If .seemed to me 'he most solemn and impressive services I ever experienced. I thought of Jesus being bap. tized in the Jordan by John, which alter was followed by His erucif'xiou, and of the approach of His second coming in the near future; and I questioned who u ill be prepared for His coming ? Tuesday 17, we took dinner in company with a" few at Brother Harrison's. Taylor told me not to be ::i a" "hurry, aud he thought I ought to spen'd the resl of my life 'among the "people in a spiritual capacity; and that I had done a good work there; but here I must stop, as I. presume his" encomiums were more interesting to me than they can possibly be toothers. Brother Taylor is very kind and unassuming with his colaborers, but when officiating in his office as" a servant of God his words are accompanied with great power, and his testimony seems to biing conviction to every honest heart. Here' I bade them good bye and hurried on six. miles to Sanfori to. fill As I arrived an appointment at 3 o'clock, the sisters were already assembled inAiie hall, the seats were pretty well filhd. tfiey The time occupied numbered about ninety. perby myself was about 12 Iicurs, fect order prevailed, and the spirit, of peace, harmony and rest Was such that the many babes were lulled to sleep, 10 TlieTirinF tion- of all. A prophecy .was made aud fulfilled before we left the house. The spirit that seemed to prevail prompted a variety close of the meeting of topics, then after the hearers gathered in front for additional instruction and blessings, after which we went home to comfort some of the. sick in their, houses, after which I. returned, too late for the evening meeting and retired for the jiighl at the Bishop's. Wednesday iS, about 4:30 o'clock I left Sanford in company with Brother Peterson w ife and child for Hooper, which lies almost due north forty-similes, arriving five and a half miles northwest of. Hooper station about 8 o'clock, passing on the way " the town of .Alalnosa. Your sister in the. Covenant, XVoman's Hygienic' P.hysiologir.uj -Society met in the iatli Ward meetir. -house Oct. 7, 1S07. '.There wa'-- a gohl:;M.: tendance and tie workers were very . mi:, encouraged by. the presence and remarks p Tu; . s ! P.-S- mi1 n uiv.aiikJ 1 if ex-hibit- W. H. In the ijiter- - bstlkod meeting, freedom, amvalled!' The "speakers. s Prof. Brfmhall of ProvoB. V. "Academy then Brother Taylor suggested that the meeting be turned into a testimony meet- ing. None responding I then felt to speak, was blessed Avith a free flow of speech and testimony. Then John W. Taylor addressed, the Saints upon a variety of subjects, and gave much good counsel pertaining to the little Colony which, was laboring under difficulties and had succeeded in getting a fiqe reservoir, but their surrouudings were yet quite rude with few comforts, while en- . dea voring to do the most important thing first, viz., to bring under cultivation their ' . farming lands. After the meeting had dismissed the com-- , pany was still entertained by our quaitett and our Professor the violin, in a very pleasing manner, a few songs and recita- tiens brought us to a late hour of the night. The very cool mountain breeze gave ns, .through the chinkings of the house, refreshing sleep. Winter clothing and bed- ding sccracd to be in demand in the middle of August. Friday 13, at 7 o'clock, I witnessed for the first time the solemn and heavenly tore--- : monies of the dedication of fhe ground fcr the erection of a Louse of worship; with prayer, singing and speeches, the company forming a circle of less than one hundred i?'. number. We then visited a house 'that some nice specimens of pottery. The seemed lady happy in making presents of these specimens to some of the visiting ladies. We then, on our way home, drove upon the rim of the reservoir which showed us the immense labor that had been done. After another twenty miles ride we arrived at Manassa very tired. Aftcjr dinner we again hitched up and drove ten' miles to Antonita, to fill an appointment in a large tifvv hri that n r Kpfti frftAv rrivrn fnr n ineeung. it was nneu lo overuo wing, even to the porch, sidewalks aud standing on dry goods boxes in the street. I here listened to the most interesting and powerful ' sermon I ever heard, the sneakers. .were Prof. Brimhall and John W. Taylor. They divided. their subjects and interspersed them with songs of Zion by the Quartette, and olos by Prof. White on the violin. The' Sister Hasmeeting was a grand success. kell and I were invited to stay all night but returned to Mauassa, arriving at 12, midnight. Saturday 14, drove to San ford seven miles, held a council meeting and did some more visiting. Some, of the brethren walk ed many miles. I staid all night witu the Bishop's people, we were treated with every attention that was in the people's pofwer wherever we went. Sunday 15, attended a conference both fore and alternoon. The missionaries, Elders Graham, the two Brothers Mann, Grant, Endgn, AVhite, Pres. Albert R. Smith and John W. Taylor addressed the Saints of several hundred, both fore and The spirit of the Lord Was afternoon. and wonderfully powerfully, poitred out the young men, Which must have added great testimony of the power of God to some of the weak as well as the strong. To me it seemed as a "pentaedstal" shower. Their remarks were enriched by the ' X. "C","E the of Prof. violin; the music was composed the. Elders. of some Between meet-ng- s by the brethren were required to' fast and KXWiSKM ' . - ." - 