Hi woman's, K I i 'abc 1 1 Vi cox 1 1 Youii; " ; .. . . . Tuesday April 13, being the regular day tor a spiritual meeting of the Relief Society (these meetings alternate with the business meetings) the following guests to invitations to be present: .ina 1). H. Young, B." V, Smith, E. H. Wells and M. I. Home of the Central beard, and M. I. Horue, Annie T. Hyde, re-spmd- al ' " 1 1 11 1 1 ; . free-do- ur "and-Siste- . . Remarks both instructive and edifying were made by the .visitors anil bishopric. Sihtcr Ziua I). II. Young desired to know how many ef the old Xauvoo Relief Society were present. A show of hands indicated five, Sisters Z. D. Young, B. W. Smith, S. E. Merrill, M. I. Home and Julia I. Pack. Interesting reminiscences of th'se early days were given, also of the first onraui.Htion in the Seventeenth Ward. The .elder sisieis ah u ,v L t h v ucid-- arrtr urged upon tTie younger sisters to become members of, and active workers in the Relief Society labor. Spoke of the great ocd accomplished 'by the Society, con gratulated the society present upon owning All exthe building in which they met. press themselves as greatly pleased to be present and Sister Young said she. thought these meetings grand. After part iking of a spiritual feast, dainty refreshments were served by dainty,young ladies, and all departed feeling it was a privilege to have . been there." L. S. Wn.cox, Sec'y. . r 1 - LADIES' SEMI-MONTHL- MEETING. Y Minuths of the Semi-Monthl- y Meeting held in the 14th Ward Assembly Hall May , 1S97 Singing " Who are these arrayed in white;'.' prayer by Sister Margaret Steele; singing i;iIow will the Saints rejoice to tell;" minute oT .the previousmeeting read and approved, Counselor E. J. Stevenson presided. Counselor E. J. Stevenson said it was very pleasing to have Saturday come for these meetings; was sorry around to see so few here ..on this beautiful day. Regretted the absence of Sister Home and spoke of her great loss in the death of her noble husband; told us of the last timeX: she saw : Jiim aiiJiQw comfortable he seemed to feel, which was about t wo weeks". hmleatti.; ' Does it not stand us all in hand to be ready when the call comes?" , 1 4 - ' ; a-jai- n against going into debt. Sister Stevenson "Davis Co., of spoke of her recent visit to their' Relief Society Conference and what a the regrand time thev had. Referred to was m-- , marks of President Hess, felt he Prayed the good spirit' spired greatly. whiclr we always have might continue to te witn us in tuese meeungs. Sister Clara C. Cannon bore a strong testimony, said she felt well in being here Temtoday. Urged the uecessit: of doing come ple work and felt the time would when .we would not have this privilege, thought that now we should do' all we in this direction. Prayed that .might all be strengthened aud built up and that the Lord would continue to bless us. '"'President" "Mary Ann Hyde said she was always comforted and blest by hearing the sisters bear their testimony. The speaker felt that the Destroyer was at large trying, to lead the young people astray and we should lo what we could to shield them from these things. Sister Mary Ellen Kimball said listening to the remarks of Sister Hyde reminded her of the time when they were girls together.- Said she loved a righteous, person, be they Jew or Gentile, bond or .free. Sister Price 'bore a strong testimony, said many times' she had traed to bear this testimony, but felt today she could do this . Clara C. Cannon, Margaret Y. Taylor and M, V. Wilcox of the Stake board,' with Jv. J. Stevenson, Julia C. Howe, L. J). Alder, and M. A. 1'. Hyde, vSister Julia I. Pack, Iiishujj W. J.lJeatie and his counselor A. T. Barnes. " After, the opening exercises President C. S. Williams nude opening remarks, said this was the regular day for the spiritual . A new exmeeting of the' Relief Sn-iyecutive board had recently been .elected and the viMting siters and the ward had leeii i vi t ed t o n ve t w i T le Relief Siciety to do honcr to the retiring President B. W. Smith, and her counselor, Julia I. Pack. Bath sifters had served long and faithfully and were much honored and be-- , loved by their associates, who had received, great blessings from their counsel and instruction. Sister Smith needed more r Kir her Temple and other duties, Pack had removetl to Kamas. Speaking 'for the society Sister Williams gave greeting to the visitors and bade them all welcome. ical. and give to .:tle poof, ;also to gUKV) VIA .'we-"coul- . d ' Utah, Idaho iid TJtJt Oregon Short Line . Sis-ier- s fo .Northern ftjrttml Kxourion TTea s u rev" Jaii e M rC7 ' - efonent:;: the' FolIovving'Low Rates; At to t"12S rollin-to- n S.25 Mtn.!oii I.m Mmtthflt'Iil 3 50 35 lUchmorwl Franklin - - Triton 4.W) Oxfor.l McCanimon r.ancroft Smla to. batk .i.ivrr . ltriKliara ' ' riK-atll- a niackffxil l.lah. Falls 15 7.i5 Xi 3 S.-- 'J Hl ''0 "- - .uvir .tM.-ij- rj.aj 3) 12 00 ,.8 CMI (ArtHTlran KaJl MlnUluka 9 .00 10. ) 3) . k a,t '2 ? " Slulmiio an ' 1275 r ". "',M'llvvue ' Hallt'y &.to " Home ll.&J .it) " " j.MomitAin " !amj..i " ,lK.i City i 13.00 " JCnMwell 1H.W) .n u " Ontario 20.0rt " l.iyette l " ' il " JSViMr 21.IXV ' " Iluntlri-l-.- n " V) 1" 15 'J.M 7.10 " 15 .'?-- ;btk 10.33 day Market Lake " .PuKil u Canon 15 5 75 H.05 Sj.rin-- H MotJtHliT 15 15 15 15 ' 3-- ' ' 3 15 0 3d 'Transit limit ef five $ d.y in each direction sv ill hc allowed on tickets bearing final limit of tlnrty (30) d as. Other tickets will be limited to continuous passage in v.,.h direction. Trains for Cache Valley and intermediate jioints wl leave at 8 co a. rn.and 7:00 p. m., and for al other points at 7x0 p. m. v , D. Iv IlLTRLUY, ; .S W. KCCLIuS, Gen'l. Pass. & Tkt. A:;t. General Traffic Manager, rLnjinnnruTJiTJxriJUin . . earnestly. Sister Wright felt she must speak of the goodness of the Lord to her, also referred to her Temple work. Said when we were 111 trouble or difficulty to go to our Heavenly Father and He will always help us. Sister Nunn bore her. testimony, said we should have charity and patience for those who are not blessed in the way we are. Sister MaryAint- - Hardy spoke ol the 11 tnrnj wheirshe hrst luined tlie Uiurcn aiiir her early experiences. Bore a grand testimony. Sister Annie T. Hyde bore her testimony, said whenever any one bore her testimony something Was always said to help some one. By attending to our duties and tending to the every day things of life we were working out our own salvation. Spoke of the man v things we had to fight against, Christian Science, Theosophy, and many other things, felt we should always be prayerful that we might be guarded against these things. Sister Lydia D. Alder referred to the remarks of Sister Hardy, she said though being in poor health she still kept cu with her work in her ward; bore her testimony. Spoke of Brother Joseph Home who had just passed away and related a dream Aunt Ziua D. H. Young had about Brother Home. Said we should be careful and. love one another. Spoke on charity, and of our President, dear Sister Horne, and said we should all continue to pray for her. Prayed, we might all have oil in our lamps 'and be faithful. x .Sister Sarah Phelps related" a dream she JjasLabout her Temple work; urged the sisters to go on and do all, the Temple , Work .they could. Sister Stevenson made a few closing rer marks, asked thexsisters to continue pray, ing for Brother Home's family. Singing, "This Godis the.God we.adoreBene! , diction by Sister Julia C. Howe. S '"" 1 1 1 : Zina H. Buix, Sec. 1 5 PICTO Tra'ns le.ve and arrive Pair, II L-k- e I City as fo- 7.00a.m.- ' lr - , lX'iiver. 1 . VI 1 IV, (In effect March 18, 1J7J: DEPART, for Chieaira, Limited'' "The OverUnd Ht. I'aul. St. Louis. Omaha, Kansas City, Denver and 1'ark City....;., .. "The Fut-- t Maiv Chief.0, SL Imi Omaha, Kanas City and lio"?. p.m. above pomis man anvomer nne. s ARRIVE: "Tiie Overland Limited," from Chi- tugo, St. Louts, Ornnhn,Kan?as City, 3:10 p.m. . Denver and Park City 'The Fa.t Mail," from Chicpsro, St. I'aul, t. Louis, . Omaha, Kansas S:30 a.m.. ..... City and Denver...;.. .... N T. 1ST .tl.VI.N OFFIC ITY TICK Ii.rJOl &M. No: . Telephone The only lint operating Through Pullman Palaoo Sieepcrs, Library, Iiuflet Smokert Dining Cars, Tourist Sleeera and Free Reclining Chanr ' - WMm People's . - Cars. - - S. II. H. CLARK, OLIVER W, MIX K. E. JJLLERY ANDERSON, JOHN W. DOANE, FREDERICK R COUDERT, . 3- - ' " ' E L. LOMAX, G. Receivers. P. & T. Agt, E. DICKENSON; GenManacer. U. M. CLAY, General Agent. I' thJTJrsinnirunnniujrur.n R.K.THOMA Removed to 48 and 50 Main St.. SALT LA KE- - CITY.. n - t: The Leading Retail Casla s 