.l'.Vr- - ' - rrU ' V MAV-K- X PONE l 1 society to read the Church works, and" some one to discuss them. Sister Home in her closing remarks gave instructions in regard to the reports being sent in by Feb. 1. Conference adjourned for three months7. Singing "The Spirit of God like a Cre is burning." benediction by Sister E. .Webb. quarterly conference of the Stake Relief Society was held in the Assembly Hall, bept. tS, 1897, Mrs.. M. On the stand Isabella Jlorne presiding; were her counselors, .A. T. Hyde, andC. C, Camion, also Z. D.H. Young, 'B. W. Smith, ..Tins Salt-Lak- e . " J. C. Howe, IS. Stevenson, - Rachel Grant, ' S. Taylor and E.Webb. Opened by singing "Where the voice of friendship's heard." Prayer by .Sister Paul. Singing "Guide us 0 Thou great Statistical and financial reports were read and adopted. Sister Home gave instruction's to the secretaries in regard to keeping proper accounts, and said this was an important organization for the sisters of .the Latter-da- y Jehovah." crated pil she was lieajed, for which she " felt to praise and thank God. Sister E. ""J. Stevenson said she felt we were blessed in having the deafly, loved sis' ers with us .who. knew .'and worked with tlie Prophet Joseph., Urged the! sisters' to- - nt ap-joi- .' " M. Y. LADIES' SEMI-MONTHL- Y Minutks of f the Ladies' . TVin n1f wnrt-- she should do if MEETING. d " -- . - . . ' .' - : ..-'- ' . e ng. - us -- . It not go there, even d ' , - Semi-Monthl- y pre--vio- ' she-coul- if it were' only once a mouth. 'Felt election we should make a subject of prayer which way to vote, as much as anything else. Prayed that we might ever be guided by the Holy Spirit. President Home gave out the notice that two weeks from now was the quarterly con- aiu many tunes sue nad leit ine leience. prayers of her sisters, especially the other day when she had rather oyr-donby taking 'a long drive to attend a conference; the next day she- was entirely prostrated and she had another important meeting to attend,, but she prayedio the LordtQlidp her, that it was His work that she .was engaged in, and would He not help her?. She sakl she laid --down for a ; little-- while--anwent to sleep, and when she awoke she was greatly, refreshed and felt better than Felt this wa she had for some time. pretty. well for one who was .79 . years, old. Felt grateful to the Lord for these blessings and prayed His choicest blessings might be iqon us. Meeting atljourncd for two weeks. SingBenediction by Counselor ing, Doxologv. E. Webb. . Zina H. IJin.i.. Sec'y. Taylor. . . ivliat mil; : this-comin- Meeting held in the 14th Wai'd Hail, Saturday, September 4th., JS97, president M. I. Home presiding. Singing "Oh" say what is truth." Prayer by Sister Margaret Singing ' Welcome best of all Saints. should be diligent good meetings." The minutes of the and if they cannot represent their wards' meeting Were read and accepted. see President Home felt very "much gratithat some one does. The they should fied had at seeing so many present, and expresspromised that great power Prophet should be giventhe women; they should ed her desire that we might have a pleasant ' teach and expound-th- e have power-"to- meeting. She said-tli- e Spirit- - went-fro- m Scriptures, that by coming together we heart to heart, and that "she loved to hear get the bread of life. The speaker said she the testimonies of her sisters, said the Lord had said those who bore testimony of Him, would like the sisters to keep up their testiFelt mony meetings and look after the poor and Pie would bear testimony of them.. infirm, and not the strong as they could all were blessed who did this, and said Satan tried to make us believe that we take care of themselves. President 11. Youugsaid it was the duty could not bear our testimony and gave us those frightened feelings that kept us 'from of the sisters to build halls and granaries, and store up wheat for a time of need. doing so. Sister Frances Smith and Elizabeth Paul She had visited some of the couutrv wards and was pleased to see they were doing bore strong testimonies. ' Sister Pixton said she felt well and bore, a their duty and were energetic in storing wheat. Had visited the Sanpete conferstrong testimony. Thought that our ence at Guirnison and found it well attendhymns were really inspired by God and felt Said ed and doing a good work; .was pleased they were sermons in themselves. to be more desired than "with the good reports that were given of there was nothing of it was the this that cheered this Stake. Closed, by singing Doxology. God, Spirit the Saints on their long and lonely journey. Benediction by Sister Julia Druce. Afternoon SESSio.v.--Qpeueby sing- Exhorted the sisters to be humble and put ing "O ye mountains high." Prayer by xlKirtrust in Gud A sister in the congregation bore her Sister Rachel Grants Singing "We thank Thee 0 God for a Prophet." testimony and felt she wanted to do all the Sister Home, stated that Mrs. Ella W. good she could. She knew we all had to work out our own salvation. Hyde had sent in her resignation as assistSister Margaret P. Young was glad that ant secretary, which was accepted and a vote of thanks given for her past services. she was one who embraced the Gospel in Sister Zina I). H. Young said she was her youth, and felt grateful for What she had passed through. Asked God to bless grateful that she could come here and feel us all. the Spirit of God; felt we were in the Sister Raleigh spoke of 'the goodness of of God and associated with those God Kingdom to-- her and hoped she would be able to ' who had made great sacrifices. We had left everything to look upon the face of the do all things that were required of her. A sister bore her testimony to the healProphet, and how we had been blessed by ing of her little son and knew it came from obedience to the Gospel. She was a memthe Lord. ber of the Relief Society when the Proof visiting Sister Sarah M. Kimball phet Joseph spoke to the sisters. Said it at Sister Pixton's house andspoke the prayer that gave, her joy to meet with the sisters and offered before sitting down to. the table. to knowr they were striving to live near the she Was very much pleased with the testimon ;' rather. ies of the sisters, particularly of the sister Sister B. W. Smith spoke of the" good who spoke of the healing cf her little son, reports; and the teachings she had received and said we should live near enough to from Prophets, Elders and others; the Gos-pe- l. God that He wduldhear us and whisper to was being taught to everynarion, us what to do in time of sickness. Spoke tongue and people. is we this what and said on faith strongly Counselor A. T. Hyde said we did not should cultivate. She knew we were a should. we as appreciate the Relief Society blest as well as a chosen people, was a school and we should encourage Sister Isabella Workman testified to the faith, and above all get the Spirit of the goodness of God to her and said each mornLord. ing she asked Him to give her strength for E. S. Taylor, general president of the that day. V. L. M. I. A. said she was ' heart and Sister Mary L. Morris said she had been soul with the work. Spoke of the many quite sick and in a great deal of pain, and faithful workers in Zion and the good results she knelt down and asked the Lord what ofthe Relief Society. she should do that she might be made, well. Counselor C. C. Cannon said it was a After she arose she heard "her son come in great privilege to belong to the. Relief and she asked him to' administer to herthe. which he did, and with the use of couseSociety and' urged the-- 7 presidents-o- f P.-You- . -- SAN. FRANCISCO d LETTER. Editor Woman s Exponent: Fkbling sure the sisters in Zion would be pleased to hear something of the mission work in California, I shall first tell of the Rriief Society oiganied by Pifbidenl Itr ILNye, June 3, iSoj) - at 508 Fulton St., San Francisco.. Sister AV. A. Rattenbery was appointed President; Isabella Y.Sewell I;irst Counselor; e Harriet Simpkins, Second Counselor; Woodward, treasurer; Ida M. Sarll, There are about secretary and teacher. in members twenty-eigh- t all, and a. more of sisters band could not be earnest, loving . : r. it: .1. ..:r..i iouiiu on luib ueaiunui caiiii. xiam une is striving to help the other in her work. We meet .each Thursday of the week, the regular business part of the meeting is first attended to, then the remainder of the afternoon is turned into a sewing bee. The meeting is held in thp "parlors of the mission house, 915 Golden Gate Ave. I should say mission home, for home it is to all the Iilders, with Sister Nye as mother and friend to all who come. Her "boys" as she loves to call them, are never.tu rued away to Now to seek food or lodging elsewhere. return to the .Relief Society work. ''Much good is being done, several quilts have been made, besides the mending being done each week for the Elders. It has been a new and, novel sight tp some of our visiting sisters from" Utah, to, see the Elders bringing in their mending, to. be done. One with a bundle of socks,, another a coat minussevejal buttons, etc. During our sewing hours .we have had many visitors from Utah, among those of recent date being Sistera Foster and daugh---t- er Laura, Tda Fames of: Salt Lake Harriet Hoution of Logan; Lucy Hoveing, Misses Owen and " Williamson of v : Wellsville. -- ' " ' Chir-cazad- 1 1 . , ; City-Sist- er : ' :. m . 