rWOMAJN'S ' ft V)U' atVWivefe are iio supei-- ; r - A:- -. eSKieiU ; I KXl'UNKNl, ' : Wllioid. Wood niff knew Such a Trrsmi nnrl .nn It nrnv,.,l ' words or language; but a setting Mss,iVau is the daughter of Mr. and 10 fx; one wiio m.d know, ana she came to' that even instructions the of Mrs. newest ih Larou Pratt of the. 17th Ward, and Waterloo after the services closxd and most anil the novice the grand daughter of the Mate distinguished found the inexperienced !.::! inner she one was for. ' very searching under-t.;:usilk will ot culture .art in the readily Apostle Orson Pratt: the young lady is a Of course we didn't know each other for' gdtedinger of the Ta1eruncle choir,- aiid is she was only ten years old when .we last a member of the Utah Woman's Press 'met The 'book opens with instructions in though the writer was fifteen, hut the to the advantages of .climate,' and ciuo ana one ot th- - Aids the Y, L, M. past all came to view as soon, as we conI. A., of Salt Lake Stake. li:er facilities within the state, and gives The young versed and it was indeed a most delightful husband is is valuable and advantageous to a sou of T. much that 'Griggs and is an interview after so many years (more than wonderful kr.ow 'of this littlecreature, the honorable, uprighL,citien. The young half a century; to talk over the people, the .also Hlk worm; concerning mulberry trees couple have a neat little home of their own places and the circumstances with 'which and are beginning right. of the .and the care worms, feeding and prowe were both familiar in the days of child- v methods and treat-best the of hood. Such meetings give one something tecting them ' I hf tig1; fooK spurn Hiise;r a ircntk po A.er; on of the 'work;, then usent and of an idea of the feelings w e shall have carrying We who improve Irs golden ho rs of in An the Act full, .when we go behind the vail and meet old amies Legislature of By sweet experience know - in which the' law was passed for the iriends and acquaintances. That marriage rightly unde rstood of in sericulture the of state v('ablihment we passed together. was limited . Gives to the tender and the jood ' followed is this some and '.all, pages- by Jmtv'xUiiipxoA:e(i it to the. iitIeiuuoLL3'e A paradise below." of definite information Uou mulleFry trees MVSalkJ1?. I JluI known and their-carthe. worms and - A reception- .was held at the residence of and made many' '""inquiries, Mrs. Shaw the explicit treatment and- methods, witli the bride's parents, in the.' evening which whom the writer had known as Frances li. tallies showing what can be done, the ...was an enjoyable affair. The rooms were Hunter,' remembered the Klders of our profusely decorated with flowering plants Church, preaching in the neighborhood' necessary space allotted for certain numbers and under heads farther on and trailing, vines, and also 'cut. flowers where we both lived, jwrticularly the meet-juand so on; VAKING CAKK OK THK SKKI), HATCHING atmother's house and the baptism in our. tastefully arranged, and everything he. tokened a festive occasion. brook adjoining; and the Woodbury boys AND KKKUNG. Delicious 'refreshments were daintily served to the speaking in tongues and 'interpreting. There are several plates in the' book illusto Nauvoo trating these processes, and in. fact it is the guests by the. beautiful girls attired in Shortly after this time most complete work, on this subject that white, and a vety elaborate and ornamental and her family moved, to another part of wedding cake made in layers was a part of the State of Massachusetts so she lost all ' lias ever been published, here in Utah. The it, tied in tissue paper and each guest trace of us and we of them. When she commission are anxious this book should he circulated in the state, and persons who .helped to one of these dainty little parcels. came to this city she had no idea whether 'we The bride was dressed in soft, clinging were living or dead, but was, as she exwish tc raise cocoons or manufacture silk should send to Mrs. Margaret A. Caine, white silk' trimmed with lace- and carried a plained it, so anxious to know what had bunch of beautiful white roses, looking become of us that she inquired. Secretary of the Utah Silk Commission for The party consisted of Dr. Samuel J.v the book, if they exp.ct to follow out the .very charming and happy the bridesmaids were Miss May Pratt the sister of the bride, Shaw and wife, his brother and wife from wisest and best methods to make the work in pale green and pink carnations, and Miss Boston. Dr. Shaw, impressed one as besuccessful and profitable.. The commission Pearl Russell, in white with red carnations, ing a man- of learning and .of careful is very anxious to encourage Aand promote thought, extremely lileral in his opinions, silk culture, and to make it a source of' both modest in demeanor as becomes beautiThere were two groomsmen and not a member of any Church. They revenue to individuals and to the state. It ful maidens 4 Mtfifs-HHl-jw one kave ho manied rcr.ids dth4rter tdtcr t Gitf Charge .' was with tins the Legisthat view in object ' gether the quiet and graceful way id which Boston. They were, jucgtng from con- lature passed tj lis rr to establish it and apthe bride and bridegroom and party received, versa tiou. favorably jm)res.sed with Utah: propriated moiiey lri aid and footer the insurroun was very and the people, .with the services at the dustry in the new state; and knowing (the and '."ngs harmonizing)appropriate to such an occasion. Tabernacle, with the" Governor and with w hat has been accomplished in the , past, pretty Congratulations were very numerous and Saltair'and our beautiful Lake.- It was and what has lcen done recently in some Mr. indeed very gratifying to meet Mrs. Shaw vainest, and one cannot but in Cache, Utah and Washington and Mrs. Griggs have started on the jour- and her husband and to renew the icquain; counties, it is little less than a crime to let ney of life with every prospect of future tance or over half axentury. r this industry languish when there are so and happiness. "The dav is sho.t, () frienV, viauy idle hands that could with a little prosperity useful There and were valuable t many That reaches out before i s; energy and perseverance help themselves from of the members family God's tender heavens above us heinl. instead oLbeing dependent. The results presents, gifts ' and friends. intimate His love is smiling o'er us.obtained in "reeled silk, lace and other articonsincere most also the We extend A little while is ours cles as also in dress goods, are excellent. bridebride and the to. young The lace surpasses Fororrow or for laughter; iiVauty that which is gratulations most .wishthem the and perfect fl' lay the hand you love in 01irs,. imparled, and like otherioiue made goods groom, in for mortals to consistent enjoy happiness On the shore of the Hereafter." will r and f foreign fabrics, an ex are who this gaining probation, 2"d of course other thiiigs"winalsqr-th- e for eternity.whitest silk reeled from the white. Russian perience .KD.ITORIAL NOT KS. cocoons is very.beautiful, almost dazzlingTy, "ll'bolid iiappiiies we prize, so: There could net .be a more, suitable 'V. Within our hearts the jewel lies On FYiday April 30," we attended the And they are fools who roam; occupation for young girls than the. reeling ' Relief Society Conference of Utah S ake f silk from the cocoon's, which can be done The world has nothing to bestcw held at American Fork: Other visitors in their own homes, and is From our own selves our joys must flovr light and simple were. President Ziiia I). II . Young and her And that dear hut our home " , employment, and one need not serve for daughter Sister Zina Y. Card and Elder L. years toiearn this business; the reelers will Presiden t M a JJ ohn Nu t ta lb n be furnished where there is a .suQicient and was present presided, opening A FRIEND OF UOXG AGO. number of girls to form a class and cocoons tvConference the welcome to ." enough to warrant the necessary expendiall present. The presidents of branches ture of public money.A very pleasing incident unexpectedly encouraging reports and the speakers We. again invite correspondence on this happened to the writer recently. A school gave most of them dwelt much upon home in1) on her way remote a il friend success-hperi' been (of. from have those who subject girl dustries and productions, especially urging from California to her . .me in Boston, in ob'taining satisfactory results. the sisters to take hold of sericulture and .. stopped off at Salt Lake to see the city as make it a success, also to sustain our home tourists usually do, and while here recalled had known some of our periodicals and advised young women she mind that to AVEDDIXG BELLS: tlieir names anoSbecome active mem-ber- s oeonle in her early childhood, and particu- There" ;was a of the Relief iiocietiHirew5i-j- lyrircTnueTetiiieira'Hiavery large attendance especially in the '" that uJ, " idea tlie with 5heinqUiredgfaladyI Lake. Salt Tnggs was, solemnized in the xi:i) . ! l. - re-j- tl . . -- i-- i , . C - . i- The-tim- c e I e, 7 : . ll'lriuk.J. next-.raisin- g - - g we-wen- t - - . -- l &f j - ; - .feel-"tha- t j - - j - ; j fc " - N . . oiit-las- out-wea- . . . . tJoh -- of-Pro- vo vith-hear- - to-enro- - L . ll 