MIAN'S 'Sr1 wcmet as pet appoint j. cr a Siting, the erection oftlieui i We also louml diligent all Relief of lines Society work. .the J held mimg- In the eveuinK-wQuintain Green which was fairly well at- teuclcil in spite of a wedding reception at which we were invited to be present at the close of our meeting. We spent a very hour with the young ieople, and Sister Johnson; were royally entertained. tie president, although advanced in years still diligent and energetic, and is planning to build a ball in the. near future. Altogether the Society seemed in a prosperous condition. left Fountain Green early Saturday for Wales, where we arrived in good time for We were pleased to find our "appointment. that the president, Sister Midgely, had .We -- nearly recovered from a long illness. and. a pleasant had an interesting-meetinvisit with the sisters at the hospitable home e I Wani lSen , KX a,;. PONE NT. " nTT" 1 c. f " ';"vzl . V' K"'K- - the sist"s ?". wards country ml slic was Kl;ul to ' 80 Wto, ?".e were poorly 'represented. called, forty-fou- r officers and members should prethey try. and .send a representative, sent. Minutes of previous read the conference meeting was only' once in three ' and approved. . months and we should be willing to spend ?resident"Klizabeth Moody made a few serving God, He was the remarks .president Willmirth Hastowning Authorhoursju of our being and all the good things spoke words of comfort and the sis- we enjoy, it seemed that our religious ters in all good works.encouraged Said our trials duties were of a secondary consideration; were to purify and exalt us, tried to imWe should be ..spiritual minded in our the sisters press uixju the necessity of tak- homes and .let our husbands and children, and the reading Kxionhnt. ing feel its influence, our homes should be Counselor Mary Ransom said, "Think happy homes where we cultivated His spirof the magnitude of the work these braneh-.e- s it. She had "been on a visit to the South of the Relief Society are accomplishing. with her .children and grandchildren and She exhorted all to be diligent in their had a nice time, had spoken in public at labors. , .. Richfield, was urged by her children to .Counselor Serena Merrill said - she- - heard stay but felt if was her the the Prophet Joseph Smith say we could not Conference at home, and had. sacrificed her ' realize the greatness of i feel Said "that! lie' By jer s ngs to be preseh of Bishop Reese. our we should have that were easily gained are not annre- duty jornuug joy , and We held our last meeting in Chester at satisfaction in our labors, and eiafed to as much as those that are harder to strength Olive Sister A'cord, bear all our trials. She had never felt- a get. She had visited at American Fork 2:30. The president, a since at been doubt as to the divinity of Joseph Smith and had attended the officers "had disadvantage working meeting, their illness the of to of one 'visit and the truth of this work. our last owing were excellent and the meeting was reports Counselor. Elizabeth Lay ton bore her filled. her counselors and the removal from town of the other. The vacancy was filled, and Verbal reports from all the city branchtestimony and spoke very feelingly ot the words and were illness of President "Christopher Lay-toes of R.S. were given. President K. S.Taylor spoken, many encouraging long a timet had we Patriarch .Phileman Merrill addressed of theY. X,. M, I. A. said she was pleased very pleasant .altogether the sisters; spoke on the duties of mothers to hear the good reports of the Society; she We returned home Saturday afternoon, having traveled 107 miles and held fifteen and said children should be taught at home wished to keep in touch with the Relief obedience, truth and virtue. In her travels was often asked to Society. meetings in seven days. Sister Idary C. Cluff spoke of .the energy speak in their meetings and realized their The necessity of sustaining the Exponent was impressed upon the sisters in and willingness of the sisters oi Thatcher duties were arduous. She knew all the ins and outs of the financial affairs, had every meeting, and the instructions were in performing their duties. in the line of cultivating greater faith and The Bishop Samuel Claridge spoke of Sister been secretary a twenty-eigh- t years. dilishe as had of sisters the the in charitable Moody's good works, faithfully Society developed necessity humility, and greater ' gence in for a L,aUer-daand her of .the made them the better vorks, performed great many years. duty meetings attending ' She was now going to Utah on a visit for Saints. Felt when she saw the aged sis-- ' Society, and also the storing of grain,., ad two years. It being necery to appoint ters tottering to he stand they should be monition to the young etc T The visit of Sisters Bathsheba Smith and some one to fill the vacancy during her ab-- . made uouorary presiuenis ana youneer M. Isabella Horne at our recent Conference The Prophet sence, Sister Maria McRae was unanimous- ones take their places. in Spring City was greatly appreciated; and r Joseph was inspired when he organized this ly sustained in that position. President Elizabeth Moody wished the Society The young girls should.be identithe Bishop and he good sisters of Spring fied with the Society and help nurse the City vied with earh other in entertaining gbod will of the Bishop and sisters during her absence while in Provo. Felt well in sick, instead of the aged sisters. The work the guests and otherwise contributing to its her labors and exhorted all to be united of the Relief Society was spreading intelsuccess. Your sister in the Gospel, lectually as well as spiritually; said may A . L. C. . and diligent." A great many of the sisters from other God help us to perform our duties. Closed, wards were present in honor of Sister by singing " Do what is right." 'BenedicIN MEMORIAM. tion by Maria W. Wilcox. Moody's departure, as she - is widely Our- sisters- in It becomes our painful duty to record the known and respected. Afternoon Session , Opened by singin eath ofone of the dear sisters of our Relief first charitable the are Thatcher among ing "How firm a foundation." Prayer by Society, Sifter Hulda Mariah Ho den Heath who acts. Recently a brother and sister had the K. Webb. Singing ' The Spirit of God. died in 1S97. Thurbef, Wayne Co., Utah, May 24, misfortune to have their home burned; they The presence of President Zma D.. H. She was born November 29, 1S24 in Tenn. Wayne Co., and received the came readily to their assistance, as within Young, Sisters S, M. Kimball and Rachel Gospel in 1838 by George rl Dykes. athors they received $140.75 for Grant was added to the stand, the meeting twenty-fou- r Emigrated to Nauvoo in 1841 and tended the funeral of our dear, beloved prophet was largely attended and a few country theiraid. . patriarch Joseph and Hyrum Smith. She and cream ice wards reported. President Home gave At the close of the meeting was married and with her husband received her all to present by some instructions andLsaid she - wished her refreshments were served endowments in the Nauvoo Temple a few days it was a voice could reach every Society in " Israel the Relief Society; Altogether feiore President Brigham Young and Heber C r Kipball... left Nauvoo to find a home for the and stir them up. felt many were wearing very enjoyable time nits. In the year 1851 they came to Salt Lake out but their spirits were just as active. It Selena PuiLLirs, Sec'y. valley and settled on the Weber river, until they ? Ass't. was a great labor for the aged sisters to' carSec'y. Diana J. Allen, ere called to to the Southern settlements go a"d help to settle that ry on this Society, and felt the young sis They part of the valley. were faithful in ters should have an interest in the work, gave the discharge of their duties and nnally settled in Thurber, "Wayne Co., Utah. SALT'LAKE'STAXEV instructions to the secretaries in having Sister Heath was a kind and loving wife and the" new forms, and sending in their fe'poits, bother, and died firm in the faith of a glorious of the Quarterly Conference Minutes resurrection. She was the mother of ten childof the Salt Lake Stake Relief Society held promptly; ren, three sons and seven one Counselor A. T. Hyde said she was daughters, sixty in' the Fourteenth Ward Hall, June 26, grandchildren, and twelve I. Home presiding. pleased to see the old faces as well as a 1897, President M. Sarah G. Meeks, Pres't. few young ones, and felt the Relief Society On the stand were her counselors, A: T. Mary A. Gardner, Ass't. Sec'yW. sisters were the salt of the earth. A work Hyde and C. C. Cannon, Sisters B., of love and should interest all, was R. S. RKPORTS. Smith, K. S. Taylor,. M. W. Wilcox, Julia interested good in the report of the Fifteenth C Howe L I. Alder and K. J. Stevenson. " God we raise to ward, it was beautiful to hear the testi THATCHER, AKIZONA. Opened by singing Our monies and reports and felt the; young sis Minutks of theReiief Society of Thatch - Thee.''- Prayer by Sister S. Gibson. .Singen-.joyab- lc . " . - ,e . . . duty-to-altem! g the-woi- k. . -- bless--ing- . - . . n. . y I 1 . - 1 . .. . 4 -- " ' ' " , great-grandchildr- en. - - -- , . - Jir ... : andaeeepted. . rresweiu nornc f t umJ?l""LW, mwrtt -- " 