K T ""J ". v. 'y""w' The Ballot in the Hands of the Women of Utah should SALT Vol..' 20. Clio. A.JC Memorial Ship Brooklyn Ser-'ic- L. D. e Clawson-Wells- Veres ! Memorable ..Month Of Jtdy Editorial Notes. llhth-A.- y . Ann versary. And The roKTRYi-The.I- .ily iiey. Beep.- F Whit. r E7 PrAlderr Victoria -- - OF GOLD' III-AR- THE LILY AND THE BEE. TUKI'KIZK COM1TT1TION BY (). F. WHITNEY. in a desert land, Drank in "the deuy air Of 111 ' lily A BY SHOP . ' '. " She'll ne'er do." Her chastity their ardor chilled, For she was as the snow .: . her lonely lot.. cheek, moti-ne- d Mirrored each glittering'peak. Into its glassy depths she gazed, And found that she was fair: Thenceforth she-smila sweeter smile Than she was wont to wear. j j Vain smiles and tears." The seasons came, But cared not long to stay, Seeking the land of gold and (lowers, . - bee flew forth . - . A 1 -- ed Whose every month is he conversation with Brother Harper had made a deep, impression upon him, and he was tryiug to bring his' rebel- lions heart to that wint of humbleness which would allow him to follow his ad- vice, lie walked on ana on past the suburbs and outlying farms, until he reach- cd the river. Here his steps Were neces- himself down on sanly stayed.' He flung . t t i i a... liilO ine imuk, uiiu uegau uirowing peuoies the water. This occupation not proving diverting, he arose, sought a copse of wil- iw-Sr-a tukstrl and tried to pray. The result was something after this wise: "Oh, Lord, if it is true that there is a Lord. If thou dost live I am thy child and thou hast placed me here for somep ir-- : pue. Thy servant has said to seek thee, and it w'ould not be in- vain. Help me to know my duty and do it. Amen." His prayer was brought to a sudden close by the sound of splashing water. He sprang to his feet aiid rushed from his retreat, the thought uppermost in his mind But it that he had been discovered. proved to be 'only two cows splashing and browsing among the reeds and grass of the opposite shore. He heaved a sigh of relief, and threw himself lengthwise on under the shade of some dwarf willows. It wasa still and drowsy afternoon, highly propitious to revery Already-h- e felt, better and lighter in his spirit His prayer had btlen anything but humble, but it had been exceedingly It had been a fierce demand for justice, rather than a humble etition for grace and mercy. Arid He was so beset of his character. with failings and foibles, yet withal had so conflict great a desire to do right, that the had begotten a spirit of defiance; which, was though painful enough to its possessor, destined to bring him out of the toils. He lay musing on his situation, his hat r 1 ,Hi-4HHi- g-h And tears chased down her Till at her feet a briny lake .. deeply 1 mountain-tops- ,' Tinged with the sunset glow. The lily n), lug aim. The restless breezes wandeud byt None lingering there to Voo; Each sought a beauteous bride to win, Crowning her native Vy. one fateful morn, Chased by an idle boy, Vlto fearful lest that busy life Might his vain life annov. ; the-ground- besieged and sacked its honeyed hive, And gave to wind and flame The precious fruits of All patient toil, perished but the name. Hie bee winged far Jt ' and--slumb- its pilgrim flight - reached the lily's rock-gir- t land, And knew pursuit was vain . lf ' d. They wedded in the wilderness, The Lily anoVthe . J Bee; Andrea maintain 'twas then God gave to Industry; Utah to the Pioneer. . ? ' liberty, Patriot, sire and son. , "lled ' ' drowsy-murmurtlsres;v;iintil-the- : of the wild bees and the gentle of the water on the banks, lulled Wnw. lni?? he thus lav. un- conscious of external things; he never to knew. But when he awoke and sprang u-nrc- -- WhoseTmieiiraio ,u,irorland to Jaw'and e: irrthbrit-w-as-sort-of-ref- lex and kissed the blushing flower, whose tears to nectar turned, ' And sweetened all that bitter-lanbreeze and "season spnrned.. l aud er'. siu-cei- O'er pra;rie, peak and plain; be -- 4 5 his feet, there was a glad light in his eyes, and a joy in his heart such as he had never known. In answer to his prayer, God had seen fit to pour out his comforting intlnence ujHm him, until he felt that he could go through fire and water JLo attain the object which he knew in his heart was possible if nc could but overcome the obstacles which lay lefore him, , He walked homeward with a brisk and elastic step, formulating plans by theway all of which faded into, the' background as new ones made their appearance. One thing-he did firmly resolve: in his mind, however, and that was that. he should never again seek after Grace until he should sur mount those things which'had appeared to him as obstacles in his path.He could not, however, niakem his mind to treat her as a stranger. She had too long occupied- the citadel of his heart and feelings to be eas'ly torn from that Nor did he desire to 'do so, but position I ratncr the 'or tress o love by every legitimate means. To this end he set to work. He had never liked the prosy life of farming, pur- sued by his father, and had been wont to shirk all that was Dossible. so .. that he had . the reputation of being somewhat gained . . i i ti'J.-.it lielazy. i uis was uoi a irue estimate, was, on .the contrary, full of energy, but it' had hitherto been turned into the wrong channel. All UiLTlreknev musrtJecTIai i g ed and though his distaste lor the employment was at this time as strong as ever, he man full v strove against it and sought to become interested, or at least to appear so until something better turned up. (treat was the wonder and satisfaction of his lov ing parents; great the wonder and dissatisfaction of his former associates, at the ! ne uevotei to cuange. ins spare moments ' This necessarily the; study of. theology. into the led him past history, of his jx;ople, and he was surprised toind how ignorant Nhe was of events' which he had considered familiar as household words, and which he-had often voted a bore when he had heard them discussed by the "old fogies " of his ward. It made him blush now,' even when alone, to think of tli2 disrespectful words he had used in relation to those brave, devoted, but unfortunate men atd women who liad sacrificed so much for the sake of Not that he was their, beloved religion. yet converted. Not by any means. But it had been shown tohimhhe path he must pursue to gain the krowledge he desired, and - absorbed in his own tnoughts to heed where his feet were carry on-ti- , llower divinely fair. But whispered, CUO. John IIni'i.Ak walked straight on and snowy crags and crystal streams, A No -- A WKITThS l'OK Nauon. JULY i5 & AUGUST i, ,897. 1 Visit and Meetings A. L. C. In Memor-Um- . Relief Society Notice R. S. Reports. ' . Nolcs And News. "A ,' Power to better the Home, the State and the And welcome here the wedding guest From every coast and clime. Come1' ack, come back ye wandering winds And fickle seasons come No longer look for fairer lands. Find here your happiest home . Ccme frigid North, come fervid South, Come generous West and East, And grace at Utah's bounteous board, Hie Lily's marriage feast ! ,' 1 O. F. Wjutnev AMcr. Kditokiai.: - y Letter From Canada Enatta Frances II. Hanson. -- Zina Y. Card. Our Near .Neighbors' The Conking Recipes. Cold be a Her golden wedding-dahas. dawned; R,n n"t a happy c ime, I A Heart Of V 1CITY' UTAiIt CONTENDS: "'" !ii,fV - ' r " - 1 ' ' L -- it TV- m . ly it. ' - essayed-to-tttmipli- sh - ; '. ' . Two weeks thus passed away, and John was becoming more and more interested-Tresearches, j He had proven himself wrong so many times that tie now began to doubt whether he wTas correct in any of his opinions. He had never gone to the great Source of Wisdom was much harder thair it would have been' otherwise. He. had isolated himself entirely from the. society of the young people for nearly three weeks, so that when the rnbrning of the 22nd of July, came for-Iight-aga- in" iso-his-- task 