WOMAN'S- - EXPONENT; JIG Woman s ANSIB jrVU.S .... iCfu), CASNOH :.;,r, "Miss Rose Wallace, in ! Union beautiful basket of ninety roses. Wallace used these .words: :the Heseret Sunday ScIiTmjI' ' . with a Sister : j 1 'President Wilford Woodruff.our beloved Published in Salt Lake C:ty, I'tvb. Terms: ..one copy one yr.-trsix months,--5i.oo; cts. No redaction mnde tor clubs. City p,ip"ts delivered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cU. A lvertisin rates: E.ich square, ten lins of nonpareil' space one time, $2. 50; per 'month, $300. A liberal .discount to regular advertisers. y, 1 oua 1 ia urc hhum ui m imm- in-ie- and me.u H i.. ' ,. Men of Israel. ii who liold'fhe .;t,;.iii.,i i.,r 1 1. . tv . 1 Israel; apjointed in the last days to set up ami carry these laws and principles of God into tlTectrMt is "these "principles that we were to look at in the last days, Now I want to say to you as the rising generation, I never expected to see. a day of this kind in Hiy life, in my early days-- - I did expect as it was promised to me to see a prophet I .have lived to see him, I have traveled with prophets and patriarchs and sous of God, I have lived to see this body of intelligence of the sous of the living God who come here to the meetings of Israel. I rejoice in this for I see before me the rc canSaints. nature of the Latter-daBible is a novel the Bible that not say-thcontains revelation. L have passed through the periods oi boyhood, early manhood- - and old. age, I cannot expect to tarry a ..great while longer with you but I want to give You., occupy: you a" few words of counsel. Churcli-'-aua position in the, d Kingdom- of God and have received the power of the Holy The God of Heaven 'lias Priesthood. 'appointed, you and called you forth in this day and generation. I want you to look at this. Young men. listen to the counsel of vour elder brethren. Live near to God; to pray; learn to while young;-lean- i cultivate the Holy. Spirit of God; link.it to you and it will become a spirit of revelation unto you, inasmuch as you. nourish it. I feel thankful myself that I have lived to see this day. I declare unto you that, there are many ir the flesh that will- reof the Son of main so until the coming ' Prophet 'and "leaden" Tn 'MVhalf "t.f the Dcseret Sunday School Union, I greet you on this the ninetieth anniversary of your natal day, and congratulate you tli.it ' ha ve reached "this ad vanced age," unl KxrOSKN'T office, Rooms 227 & 228 Constitution build-- ' r.a all the that you are preserved unto ing, Main Street, opposite Z.C. M, I. lUisiness hours frcm 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. every day;' exeepl'Sunday. power of your glorious manhood ami toAddress all business communications your high and holy calling. PUULISIIKR WOMANIS KXI'ONKNT, We nope and pray that your life will still "in the eyes .id" our Father lor Salt Iake City, Utah. years to come; that you may be a blessing Entered rt the Post. Office in fit Lake City, Utah, as and comfort unto His Saints; and; that matter. ' they shall fill your soul with unspeakable joy by their faithful, earnest efforts .to do God's will, and that you ; shall live until Salt Lakk City, Makch 15, 1S97 every holy desjre in your heart is satisfied. We love you, we .bless you Brother TIIF CHILDRFNS' JUBILKF. Woodruff, with all our soul, and we thank you for your gentle guidance; ' for you I'KI'SIDl'NT WOODKUIT have been to. us "aS 'a gentle shepherd the Na more beautiful sight could be; seen leading urr through the gloom'-intand glorious day." than, the Sunday School Jubilee reception bright And since our feeble words cannot exon President Woodruff's ninetieth birthday. press the love we bear you nor the" joy we It is understood" generally that it was'' the feel in your presence, we have brought largest assembly ever gathered in the' these beauteous messengers of love, ninety Tabernacle. Not only were the seats all f taken but the aisles were packed in the I roses, whose hearts" 'are. laden with, the The electric current exquisite lragrance- I10111 our lieavenlv entire building.home where all is love. turned into the globes forming the bcauti ful double star and the word Utah in front They ire the roses Reverence and Regard of the organ. TnL large star .was of "clear That know 110 change. was small star red the of and But bloom forever, though the storms be hard composed light were tasteful decorations and lhe lights. And ways grow straneV. imposing.-- On the stand were the hirst ' They are the mses'that bring to you, Man. ' Presidency, Presidents AVilford Woodruff, ' Yotir gaze to gre( t; This is about all I, wish to say. I feel Geo. Q. Cannon and Jos. F. Smith, with To the take scent way you fragrance true, tlnnt-fn- l to tny irather. that I see Apostles L. Snow, F. I). Richards. LL life sweet; And make this scene before us this, afternoon; that I Young, F. M: Lyman, Geo. leasdale, II. see the Gospel manifestations on the earth. Roses to greet yea with a wish. from me," J Grant, M. W. Merrill. A. II: Lund and There h .s been, as it was stated by our v other authorities of the'Church and of the Though skies are drear, Stake. The General Superintendency of Still may the path you take all fragrant be brother, two powers, one to destroy me and Sundav Schools and Superintendency of the other to save me. And God in heaven Through afl the year. President Geo; (j. Stake Sunday Schools. has; willed to spare me to see this day. He roses born ofsunlight and June showers Though has given, me power to reject every testi-- ' Cannon; General Superintendent presided, fade fast away Prof. .Ivvau Stephens and Prof. ...Ii. K; and reject every example that leads There are sweet roses grown in winterer hours mony Bassett had charge of the music. to evil. T say to you children, do not use That n'er decay In the rendition of the exercises, Klder tobacco, liquor or any of things that Goddard our President Woodruff then addressed the destroy the body and mind, but honor Him George 'sang loidy Disc ret" the children joining; in the congregation." He "said; : and you will have a mission upon your Chorus. Klder Geo. Teasdale directed the. x to to want, say my young brethren and heads that the world- - know not of.. May children in reciting the Articles of Faith, sisters and friends in the Sabbath schools God bless you. Amen." Prof. Joseph J Daynes rendered an organ established here in the Rocky mountains, Quartette, We Kver Pray for Thee, ' solo entitled My Father's (Growing Old," God l)lessxyou and I feel to .bless you, as especially written occasion by Prof, Ivlder Geo. A. Smith gave a brief sketch of far as I have the power, I want to say that ivvan Stephens,was nicely rendered by the the life and labors of President AVilford this is. Cefore me today that has little Misses Olga Peterson, Mamie "Mills, Woodruff, related many striking; instances overpowered me it has overpowered :my Annie Peterson and Gertrude Kelly, .with a in his life, miraculous interpositions of speech. I would rather" not say anythi refrain by Brother H. K. Bassett's choir. Providence in preserving him 7 spoke of I feel I want to make a few. remarks to President George Q. Cannon was the ' his acquaintance "with Robert Mason familim5' friends. next speaker He said that this was a I never in my life have been in a similiar most memorable occasion and one. that arly known as the Prophet Mason, mentioned that he once interpreted a dreamk)f Brother position to that of today,. The scene before would live long "in the hearts of those s in which htpsaid that in a few f me has been a fulfillment to all my' pravers assembled. Ninety years, said the speaker, years to come he. would ally himself with a from my boyhood up to early manhood. was xa loii space of time for mankind to new Church organization", .which would highty years ago. I was a little to boy ten live uq5oirJ.he earth. It 'was spring up in due time, which afterwards years o aef attending- - school the same as know"1 that President Wqodruff gratifying had held the .came to pass. Brother Woodruff was then you are here in the mountains of Israel. I Apostleship iif tliis Church longer than any qaite a young man; he also, referred to his read the New Testament. I read of Jacob, man that The " dispensation. being one of Ziofi's Camp and one .of the I read of the Apostles and the Prophets. 1 Lord had blessed Presiden t Woodruff and Pioneers of iStf, and. to other remarkable could not find a man on the face of him to the a do; mightwork in helping spared occurrences, such as his having traveled earth- whoUaught the principles or believed to the" Church andNXingdom of roll forth 110,000 miles to. preach the" Gospel, had in them. I prayed tothe God of heaven tjrbd. baptized 2,000 souls, and had. written a that I might live to see. an Apostle .who Tresideut Cannon Vcalled the attention of journal of 7000 pages covering his x--work for would say something that would satisfy me the children to the good work which had sixty-tw- o ; , years. a . , like unto the principles l' read of in the been done He by President Woodruff. iuiLT tuc cougregauon .singing" ' I ; New Testament; had lived a .righteous life upon , the earth. -- , r ne-e)p- n-joic- u-- , -- ' of . cconJ-cla- sj y -- - I - - 1 y ht'-n-f-nl- -- ! "; . " . . for-th- ng,-stil- e ' l -- , : . lived-irMJii- s - - ; - ' ' j 4? ' " . - a happy speech L presented . V, semi-monthl- u e uau 10. There Anything' That IE NT ' . ' ' , 