WOMAN'S - ... - TUB TO try :fjry-i- HlKKS "OF THE IK.' T5.MI LK , ' ADKLAIOK COMSTOC K.. ircr.work. in Ida hn MmnS ,!,, ,asl cl , n KmPIe. ye. mothers of men; Bcilifor glory or shame. 'For know ye are builders Khj'a '.ire building for weakness or might, for darkness or ight,. Khua H' are building ' o'd-'in- ' ,Ut' . Jilt "In Paid : his 'measure v 1 be,-V- t the meed ye have sought. o;;r foundation in wisdom and love, n bcau:ilul angels will smilvi irom above; BuiMir: ior Iieaveii, ye build well (or .earth; 'Mankind's greatest need is a holier birth. , buildtd in sorrowand slvane, O.i, w h .pity t: heaven we were not to blame; not t';e wa y, Qh i::.: 'in' iT knriAV'ekrie-Vfi'iw breaki g, oil, welcome the day, - : shall from heaven proclaim; I'tace i:po: earth and good will to all men. Wo ait. through thee his rand era must come; bards, sages as well might b- -' Or pri ;jjfiets, i ilumu; or. grapes' .'v. row of thistles? thorn x ' on the fev'erish passion can angels be born ?( . of sin, Uh, Late thee to east I 'will; be thou clean.". And siy ia love's powerCall heaven to aid thee and guide thee aright, And go forth in thy womanhood armed to the Or fro::t the-symbol- Aye, - toiht ' ' " fight- - 'gainst false passion and conquer by ... love, An! man lifted higher thy labor shall prove; For mii:.s shall' bless thee hr that thou hast done, And I V4 JiVW mi ""I great inltueuce heredity ,r .a slory shall crown thee more bright than the true .is to bear and rear and that thL- love that, exists' children, between mother and .child was one of the strongest ol human ties: that :i wnin,, stand child nature and so u..n give the child proper training, for it is 10 moid iiiau lo reionu. " Sister Cluff, of Skull valley was called upon to address the Conference. She was thanklul for the. knowledge she possessed of the work'.' for" it had beeii a great blessto as itshe believed her, would be to ing ' any woman who would take it up. Sister Eucy Heppler, of Richfieid,' Sevier Co., bore a strong testimony to the truth of the work. Mrs. Doratliy Gutiu spoke of the proper care we should take of our bodies and the value of nature's remedies; Air; Water and Sunshine. Several of the brethren were called upon to speak. They expressed themselves as being pleased with the work and eucoun aged the sisters, to continue in it. Sister Ollie Hildahl recited '.".0 My Father." Adjourned-unti- l 2 o'clock by " We thank Thee 0 God for. a singing prophet." Prayer by John Jlafen.. A v t k n uu.v S 1; s. os Began by sing-- ' U rmg "Guideuis 'ilio.i Great Jehovah;" prayer George Goddard; sing-in"O My Father;" outline of the ward missionary work read by Sister Julia S. , patriot ouls shall then rise in their might, build the grand temple of Justice and Right, U'hici co;::d not be b iilt until ' wo-nashould For And corne.. To aid in t'.e : . work from foundation to dome. And then, in yo ;r building, biiild wisely and U eli; How ye h.ive builded the future will tell: For know the Grand Master will mea tire with care-- " " , And try every corner with Then if thou hast built for Oh, woe. to thee, builder ! plummet and square ambition or fa r.e, .' confusion a d shame hoiwred shall be, 'Shad foll'ou thy building; but The builders who build for eternity. Sn -- - Bui . naventura, California. y .Mrs. Carrie Kester and - read -'"'rs. Armtd t S.Voung in the Woman's PhysiologicAssociation co; ference, held in the uih-War- d Presented al AssemtV -by- mil, April 7, 1897. CONFERENCE OF V. II. V. SOCIETY. Mixutks of the Conference of the - Wo- - a.an's Hygienic Physiological Society, held the nth Ward assembly rooms March Singing ' How firni a found-atla;prayer by Eticy B. Young; sing-!To Thee 0, God we do approach." Armeda S, YoungPresident of Salt value if properly cooked... Sister Ollie Hildahl's subject was Dress. She said we should dress artistically, but not sacrifice health for fashion. Elder Joseph E. Taylor spoke of the necessity of an improvement in our way of living, that God has giveg us the Word of Wisdom as a guide. Singing Doxology; Morris. Elias prayer by Bishop Julia S. Woollky Ass't. Secretary. 5 Jter f w W W. V A. A. WW'-'-- '- J - - olhH understanding the needs of the J?y 111 order - to hnniroKntifi nil Viml ? -1 nf tKn . Wti had to this imnrarpH nntiditintT she reQetnDlis'S esS -,- "vmueu iMirlutt:s scale. O. bxob writes: heiinini: Kturv in 6' tuuvcuo 'vvbic'K won an ut he nniiiiupal ..flection of Tckt-- t ,1 -- ;Ih f THE DENVER VICTORY.' 1 fiv have silenced those The women of Denver uJ e who have asserted possessionof-- e that-th- j is not a powerful weapon in t"ood government. The ladies of .the " hT.tf of tanner Civic Federa ion gallantly raised the 'idedd HS'onyesterdayby ..." --- D - , thousands of i.ivn 1 with in .;..ani;fIorl to" ftat competent trustworthy men in nomination, the Civic re eration adopting the name and emblem ol the Taxpayers. The triumph of this t lhrt lor good government sh' ws ..what may be acrom-plishe- l when women put their to the political wheel, and Denver resjioulders joices in her enfranchised dau liters. right-minde- d LETTER FROM BUXKE RV1EEE, NEY Editor Woman N ' s ' Exponent: , I. THOUGHT I would address a few lines to you from this far away place.- We are about sixty miles from St. George 'but.'. beWc have a long to that' Stake of Zion. good Sunday "school here and in good tinning order, also a Relief Society and We have Mutual Primary Association. Improvement meetings with both young men and young ladies; th young people as well as the old take a great interest in 1 ics. Tlre 4 s k wi in side influence here to contend with, all ore our own people. am a subscriber for the. Woman's and I think it is a very nice, useful papei and I peruse it with care and interest. When I recei ved the Fx ton knt which contained the selection lroin the. " Times and Seasons " by President Joseph Smith, although I have never seen that volume of the " Times and Seasons,"- but I I Ex-"I'OnK- nt , j sent the poem in full that Descret I took from "the Afe'jnter 14, 1S76. I .want to keep up my subscription for the paper and will send the money just as soon as I can get! it. " "Your sister and codaborerin the Gospel " " : H. M. ICaki.. April 4, 1897. Dr. Henr'v M. Howk, the distinguished sou of a distinguished mother- Mrs. .Julia Ward Howe, has been elected professor of Dr. metallurgy8 at Columbia University Howe-wila of course in lectures the give n School of Mines, beginning-oApril 19," of the steel properties-oftreating steel, cementation and the Harvey process. Dr. Howe received-th- e Bessemer medal from the British Iron and Steel Institute for his work on the " Metallurgy of Steel," ancl he is the of the American of Institute Mining Engineers. The White RibbonQsttw Zealand) states that "two Maori ladies, Mrs. Hirani "and Mrs. Taranaki, were members of a deputa- tion vvhich recently raitedonte olxNew.ealanOT.regard to native land disputes. l cible ex-preside- nt Rocky Mountain News says: .k?unmans calico ov it! This organization : ong anu. )t the last Conference read and - he Taxpayers 3and g -- 1 'Federation. '. that-grain- -- -- lare uic . Woolley. Child Training, was. to have been given by Sist. r Keeler, of Proyo, but as she was unavoidably absent her husband, Bishop Keeler read her paper . Dr. H. A. Anderson treated, the subject of Preparation for Marriage, in a very inSister Olive Andeison teresting manner. spoke 011 the subject of Hygienic Cooking, said great care should be taken in selecting and preparing food as to its nutritive, value; for the object of partaking of food is to suswere of- the greatest s tain life, . The raxpaves' ' by--Brothe- city d ' ..Mrs. Helen : " M a n - : best-governe- hf objec- frnrillJ . riT.; Denver is. not the only large city in . wuica women vote, Ml i ney vote in everv city in HnKland and' Scotland, in every city, of Kansas and in almost every cH- Lanada; and their votes are generally on the 'side of oxl government. But the t-lesson in Denver is' conspioubus and on ; ...t. ' J,,,. sau. . ul an era by prophets foretold, vi by bards, spoke by sages of old, i has Hie m ti',. ni()!di'tur bwcly? thir'y' The AVVj'i4le?ejtat"tfie'nninn vf-twomen of Denver will win praise for their sex from every part of the country, and that they will never relax their dete initiation to .make the only Luge in the world. - i- -. s hM, (!er;f niwliiwr ho could not betsvu ved Irom City in which women vote the ofsolCaI impurity was L"Tr?i the -- VJ1UVC inis-HJo- v vjr : of woman ! U'ht:i a!i.;eiic'ho.-t- f the wlu. hail their mnvcr. Kosc .Hayes treated the of Mother and Child. She said the subject ie ' fel btter I Sy jrfwi'i a - , Leetureon NKi,! l'.uity, l,y Sister I.ydia . M. Brown of P .... i t - i;s i a,,1,-- voiiieu vtction.s , means. i program i"Was carried out: .ol.uwn- i- his ba'ace your products must be; by his justice the work ye have wrought. i : you his workers to ed s,le sa. to tlc" ba'1.llrt "'f'1.1! tnt-- " - G-j- j; it i.' u-i...- T'""' f I - KXPONKNl St- :1 - ' 