14 WOMAN'S' KXPUNKNT 4 ir ' . 1 Hlizarieth, and Mary was accused. of L.Jxriuir: one of the nunilcr. She denied' all knowledge of it but .was condemned to death, IJliabetir signing her death- warrant. Through these long years of imprisonment Mary Beaton remained her faithful companion. The time was passed iti study and needlework. , er last days were spent in Forthtring-haOn February 7, 15S6 the Castle. I.oidj of Shrewsbury and Kent presented themselves before her and read the sentence of execution, which was to take place the following morning at eight o'clock..' She expressed surprise at the short time given her, .hut commenced preparation at once. She wrote several letters, made her will, remembering each servant, and wishing she She. their vou U U eUrr lepny thHr fidelity retired ro her lcdf arose early, in the "'morn--ing aTid s)ent some time in prayer, after which sue dressed with unusual care. She wore a black satin dress with long sleeves and train, while a black veil fell to her feet, an ivory crucifix was suspended fiom her neck When the sheriff- came she accompanied him from the room, but requested that some of the servants might, witness her last moments; her physician, steward and two maids were allowed to accompany her. In the hall of the Castle was arranged a platform of about two feet in height;' Mary advanced with dignity to the edge and was lifted by her steward to the stage, The where a seat vas placed for her use. executioners came forward to ask her forgiveness. She knelt and prayed for the Church, the queen of Kuglaiid and for her son; then tenderly took leave of herattendants," who were overcome with grief. A handkerchief was bound across- her eyes, and laying her head upou the block, with the .crucifix in her hands, she repeated 'soft-- . '" I have put my-ly, So perished. Mary Stuart in the trust. forty-sixtyear of her age and the nineWe-- . arc teenth of her captivity. apt to look with disfavor upon those unfortunate enough to meet with Ji succession of reverses; thinking perhaps, if not au infliction of Providence, it must be the result of their blindness 6V folly, iiut I can see only a woman, weak and erring it may be, being only human, but kind and loving to her friends, merciful and com passionate to We may nov safely say her enemies.: "with the Archbishop of Burges who was appointed to preach her funeral sermon in Paris, " Marble and brass and iron , decay, or are devoured by rust, but in no age however long the world may endure, will the memory of Mary Stuart, queen of Scotland and Dowager of France, cease to be regarded with affectionate rememberance.'.' LoriDK. Kshop - - Qrd In-yh- ee h Tiik al Commission offers First, S100 $200 cash in prizes as follows: tor the best poem on the. subject of the Pioneers or .the Pioneer Jubilee, to consist of not more than one hundred nor fewer than fifty lines'? All compositions tobe 'signed by an initial or a 110m de plume, and to be forwarded to the secretary of the corn mission together witi a separate epvelope containing the real name of the author, not later than June 1,1897, Second, $160 for the best musical composition in four parts with organ accompaui- - ' ' ' '; y . . .. Let pealing anthems ri?e, And bursts of echoing melody Loud mingle with'the skies ' Let eartb resound with music's power; Glad welcoming "the year, When" Utah sees her natal hcur The fiftieth time appear.. though having been sick for some time,' no one seemed to think the end was so near, as. h. r in the'priusthood was strong and she .a - frith revived after' the administration ;'ofth?.? Her testimony was unwavering, and she died us she had lived a faithful Latter-daSaint, and in. the sure .hope or a glorious resurrection. : 1 Hail to the year of jubilee! ' ' - . . Til A fleet of recollections slowly wind, A wreath " of flowers from Fancy's ' ' brought A I.I. Willi. AKK INTKICI STKIi IN . garden - SIbK CULtTURE IN' TlfK TA I I'TAII. T K d!. issuing from the canyon's rough defile, Where frowns on either side a lofty pile, Tlje Utah Silk Commission h ;ill vho w'A to t'ugagtj-i- u thi? v car,, to send at once their nanu- au-full address for pamphlet of ins1rii(-tn.i:of .your 'facilities .( u l srT n 7 t u t tin u-raising cocoons and the number of ilk Address worm cs.vou desire. - mountaineers s Halt on the ridge whose milder summit rears The towering peaks and plain, to intervene And gaze with wonder on the glorious scene. Ah ! tmrvel no'hing if the eye may trace hero's face, The care lines on each in silent show, Nor yet if down his cheek The trickling tides of tender feeling How. Would e'en the coldest heart forbear to say Qood cause had gratitude to weep that day ? Or censure for a flow-o- f manly tears, That brave souled bandimmortal Pioneers ? Their names ? Go view them on the Goldtn toil-wor- . . NOTICE ! Hrstorjc views on memory's canvas wrought. nt Commute--- In.hrhnlf of the'Relief Societv. Far down the mystic river.jof the mind. A little band of sun-bur- - ' Hindlky,; Jemima Durrant, Emma Feathek stone, , ; . S. Mary ' ' ' 1 1 -- to Margaret A. n CainivSe-r--tar- Utah Silk Commission, Salt Luk-City- Utah.' , ' All county papers please copy. uxnnjxrmjajuxnjiAruTruA'.43 aTJxruxn-TUT- J ' Page, The gift of glory to remotest age; The van of civilization's westward sweep, The few that sowed what muhotH yet shall reap Composers to have the customary privi- lege of rearranging or repeating the words. Competitions to. be torwarded to the secretary not later than May 20, 1897, signed by a nom de plume or an initial, and accom- panied by a separate envelope containing the real name of the comooser. The adiudicators will be selected from comry.tent the State b'y "whom musicians outside-o- f the names of the competitors will be un' . known.. Both the poem and the composition to be rendered 'at the reception to. the Pioneers in the Tabernacle Both uly 20, 1S97. competions to be limited to Utah poets and musicians. For further particulars address, - m . - . infbr- - matiou by calling upon or addressing I,. J. Kyes, Ticket Agent U . P: Ry. , Xo 201 South Main Street. . ; Died, at her home in American Fork, OcJ. 1S97, 7, oo.r beloved sister,. Mary Wareham Jackson! SisterWareham was Born Nov. 2, 1S25 in Yorkshire, England. Embrace the Gospel in Sheffield,- and emigrated to Utah:in 1855 with her George Wareham. She has been a in the Relief Soc ety from its first organ-- , .teacher izatioh and filled her office with credit to herself and satisfaction to her coworkers. In connection "with her husba, d she entered into the principle of Celestial marriage, after his' death was anj W. Brother to W. Jackson, by .marriedagain ' whom she h o one of whom survives sons, ' also four her, grandchildren. - She was a good nei;hbor, .and libera', always on hand toassist a friend or help the poor and nedy, Her departure was sudden hu-ban- d ad-tw- . warm-hearte- d f TS'.-T- : ' . a.m. n : - .. T.1 twtlve.h'ur quicker tuill . points than any other line. '. Dviiver Fn iu thrt'c to aU'V.e 1 in. -- ARRIVE: "Trif Owrlan 1 Limife-1,- lu:s,ark Citv St. ft. nv.er ah'l l Om-fh.i- from Kanfl. City, ("hi-r.;c- ;:10 p m. . "'TheFa--t Mail,'' fiom ("bin; en, St. Paul. St. Louis, Omaha. ICa i ij.rxia.rn. City and Ieiivt r CITV Tit "KI5T OFI'K I iUl MAIN S I ' " Teieph'biie No. fo. The only lint ofer.'itinjr Through PuUman. Pala:v SleerxT-- , Litntty. Buffet Smoker, iJinin,-I'ars-, Tourist Sleepers aud Free Reclining Chai-Car. ARE ' YOU GOIXG HAST THIS : SUMMER? JACKSON.., a I. p H i J .. MARY WAREHAM II l'lim, St. Ijuis. Om.iha. Kfiii-HI'urk 'ity . . City. It nuT "Tlie Fat M.ii!,.-- ' Ir Ch'it'.tu, St. an l lyMrfN.' OaiahH, Kansas City . If so you will receive some valuable III iuiviiu, ke L'ilr - Chairman. . n 5 Ht. -- Sl'KNCEK ClAWSON, . PiCTO pV Trttin leave ati'l arrive S V Jrtuv; 'tin t!ert Mn-- J"5; DKlHirr. . JUBILEE PRIZE COMPETITION. Semi-Cetitenni- QsK&g:;, ODt T'OTHE I'iON EERS. y " a poem b ment to the followiug hues Irom conspiracy was formed fo'r.'the assassination of - . S. HI U. CLARK'. OLIVER V. MINK. 1. E. ELLEU Y A N I ) ERSO.N, JOHs W. DOANE. FREDERICK R. COUDEKT, i , Receivers. E. L. IX)MAX, G. Pr & T. Agt. E. DICKENSON, Con. Manager. II. M. CL.Y, Genn.al Aent.- - uxruruTJxriixrLrLn nsuisinsisxr. nsirinsuxnn urro EE. THOMAS Removed to 48 and 50 Main St SALT LAKE CITY' The Leading Retail Oasll "EE 011 R.K.THOM 