. s M 1 Vol. 26. Responsibility 1 CITY, UTAH,, SEP. .gleamed, . 15, & VI prime, Utah's pioneers ceased fron toil. They passed Irom the "Cty of Saints' to gain The ''City of Souls;' a few here remain, And sweet'y in nch, ripened vintage attest Life's beautiful Indiansumnier of rest UTAH PIONEERS. VII. IN MEMORY OF TJIK JUBILEE. ' I , With what shall we garland the victor's head, When he conies with the spoils of war ? With poppies aflame and with jonquils red, And cypress that waves o'er the buried dead, Weave a wreath for the conqueror. But twine for our heroes, whobravely trod The deserts for freedom and truth and God, Our Jasons who captured toil's golden fleece d For these the lilies of peace. . II. Green girdled by orchards and ....... corn-wreath- ed farms, ,. , How their ' City of Beauty" smiled ! -Theyijwhispered farewell VT. homenshelterlng' T t "They builded their monument loftier far Than the Pyramid's royal site, More lasting than brass;" for the victories are, As q't as returns harvests golden car, Rewritten in letters of light. - .. B'est gift of their toil, the desert spring flows; The wilderness solitudes bloom as the rose; The grape's cha'ice fills with memoriil wine, And flowers, swinging censers, hallow their shrine. white-hearte- arms; From the Indian, fierce and wi'd For glory, men dare thejred battle plain; The miner for gold rends the mountains in twain. Adventure's sharp prows cleave the cold, Northern seas; Rut Duty's white hand.yaved summons to thee. Ill freedom's strong might, they followed on still Where pavilions of sunset glow ed: Faith marked the road over prairie and hill; of ill Hope wayed her wand, and each tear-dro- p A rain-boof promise bestowed. The "Father of Waters" rolled darkling by, And turbid Missouri made angry reply; Rut clear came the Voice:. "Fear not the deep ";. .sea, For passing through rivers, Lo, I am with thee." in ; - ..- IV Through arid plains tracking their devious way, " Over alkaline regions drear, The antelope sprang over the dewy spray, ' The lean prairie-wol- f snarled o'er his prey, Wild buffalo herded near; Rut fearlessly forward the pilgrims stept: ; The golden-eyestars thenight-watche- s kept, And d celestial ray morning's The reveille sounded at dawning of day. " d light-mantle- They passed -- trjrcugh the valley of Baca, and hewed " ' In its I depths a Hfe;gwmgweli;r Then sang Zion's sones in wild solitude, ". jyhere Nature's stone turrets enchanted stoodI- . is a group, or rather a string ot . , s, whose lives, were it not for exotic influences, .would be almost Kdenesrjue, yet withal a race that within a century has dwindled from a healthy, happy nation nature's own children to a scattering few, landless and poverty pressed. From lonely and sheltered nooks, where his' voice mingles with the murmur of the lapping waves upon the whitened sand of his beloved sjiofes, the forgiving and spiritless Katfaka chants the "Meles" of his shadowy past, rich in legendary lore'and peopled with gods and goddesses, divinely endowed with wonderful powers and symbolized within the sacred doors of their The traveler and tourist has temp'es. been proud to fill his cabinet with rare and curious relics of the Islander's mythical;' past; relics of legends, reaching back a thousand years or more; laes, kahilis, idols and kapa cloth, emblems that have bedecked the skeleton breast of some long ago hero chief, and bones and charms that have gathered the dust of generations in the rock sepulchers, protected by the rigorous . shen, Proved Utah the queen of fragrance and bbom. With sple idor of bios om and richness of grain With nectar-fille- d spheres of the vine, f Such fruitage of farm, and orchard and plain. Epicurus might charm Golconda again Be revived in the ores Irom the mine-Dia- na's fleet deer, with its silver feet, Audits eolden horns left its cast complete In our Wasatch hills, where rills. the With clangor of miljs, treasure repeat. full-bosom- V " ed Thrice Hail favored state of the golden West ! Aric:ent of Days. V The Who gliding aboves gave the pioneers rest, Whose banner is love, will b'ess and hath blesi-St- ill sing to 11 irh anthems of praise ! g : God wrought wondrous things for them and for ' ! . ; , . "tabu." The royal mantle worn by the late King Kalakaua during his coronation ceremonies is a w mderfui garment rare and beautiful, composed entirely of small yellow feathers, only one of which is found under the wing Tens oi of a small bird called Maino. . Tell the proud story o'er mountain and, sea, How the jubilant throng moved to music along. With triumphant song, : ! Hallelujah Jubilee ! ' ' 9 sunny islands of a gentle tropical climate with Mercury letwecn 75 and So the year midst the placid round, embosome'd waters of the Pacific, 2,100 miles southwest fropv San Franeiico and nearly the same distance north from Tahita. An off, spring of the sea, the result of volcanic upheavals, their origin verified by extinct craters fastened here and there amidst' the hills and on the mountain bights of the group,' and .by. the still blazing fires of "that molten lake the fiery Kilauea. Of the ten islands two are little more than barren rocks, two are' used exclusively as cattle ranges, and the six principal ones are luxurious in bloom and beauty. .Their extreme boundaries are about 300 miles apart and their aggregate area a little more than 6, 100 square miles. This little "land of mystery" meets the eye of the approaching voyager like a land of dreams suddenly raised from the misty waters by the spirits of the deep, or like tte mirage sun bathed and clothed in verdure and peopled with sirens as luring may le as were the tormentors of the ancient Ulysses. Veiled in vapors that forever cling to the. lofty brow of thex "Pali" an ideal Paradise, that reveals upon approach A place of stately a delightful reality. by-path- IX Bright gardens ming'ed their choicest display bells fair; With the Sego-Ii!- y and silk the gold of great Solomon's day, The With treasure untold and costly array, ' Could never such vesture prepare. The roses unfolded their hearts of perfume; The passionate glow of the cactus found room, While crimson and green, and rainbow-dye- d thee 8-- ot gorgeous flowers and luscious. fruits, and a dusky, kind hearted people . all-ru'in- No 1897. v Twas well for. us aU, with glad jubilee, To enshrine the memorial year, With Love's votive paeans of soft melody, To prove Utah's pioneers never can be JTpj.he.liearts aLher r hildrenJess dear Sweet music poured forth its proudest refrains. s And banners waved wide over and plains, The resonant note fron the organ's deep thro it Sent swelling afloat, halle'ujah strains. w : VIII. hill-top- To welcome gaunt hardship, and dread alarms 1, Hawaii waters As maple leaves fa I in Autumn's bright glow, Gathered back to their parent-soil- : So touched by the fro ts that a'l earth lives know, In minhood's full or time's silvery snow. W. Naisbitt. VI' I HAWAII. soni;. he I ' Homeric State and the Nation. OCT. , ' of Women Voters. Poetry: Utah Pioneers Orielle Curtis. Query-rH. Utah should be a Power to better the Where rolled the Sah Lake i's bi'lows a'ong; ehovah's great name it perpetual Forty Years President. -- of N'ea'h Sublimity's, silent spell. Oh. fair as highlands cf Paradise, 'seemed The valley' where Jordui's bright . A W Ji. JL SALT LAKIS CONTENTS: U. W. P. C Hawaii M. A. J. Lambert. Orielle Curtis, Sec. Binqu'tto Jpsephine West. The Women of America:--Emi- ly Ray. R. S. Re: H. ports. Ladies' Semi Monthly Meeting-Zi- na Bu'l, Sec. San Francisco Letter Ida M. Sarll. Sacramento Letter Fanny H. Thaekham. A" Distinguiihed French Woman. In Memoriani. Woman's Exhibit at Tennessee Centennial. ' Notes and News. Editorial: H N The Ballot in the Hands of the Women - ' Orielle Curtis. thousands of feathers enterlnto the fabrication of this royal mantle, but few of which patience, now remain;emhlems of Hawaiian ' : skill and kingly glory. The botanist searching in nooks ana " 