interest in another wife in th.. :h " ' I'fcijV I Iff Vrvi.W) Young jiau aiajvu u.goou a lam- ;iv as lUUl oe lotina; ami as tar as 1 know t feelings"cxists anions them at the h'l- time.' We have had. our ups Our trials have been for good, and the longer we live,' and the' older' wc jrrow, 'we can see that we have no cause to feel sorrowful, but every reason to... thank the Lord lor His mercies and kind care that has been over us; and that He ha deigned to guide us in the right way. Our paths may not always have been strewn with thornless roses, but we have been the recipients of many favors. And as for my self, I feel more and more thankful that I took the course that God marked out for me, although to look ahead at the looked" very dark." And Iknow that f mv chiKiren win noncr and oiess mv name 1 think in the far future. they realize now to a certain extent the sacredness of my -- marriage ..witlf the Prophet J.oseph,but as not perfectly as they will perhaps I feel glad that I have been associated with the family of President Young. We have formed ties that will last through the eternities. The last scenes that have been associated with the old familiar house 'were of a very sad and sorrowful nature. The most trying scene of all was when President Young, the father, the husband and jnirto protector" from a better world this passed away land. His family were left like sheep without a. shepherd. Well qfwhat followed I need not speak, we heed no reminder. Somethings are better forgot fen if possible. Times are now changing and we can see the hand of the' Lord in all things. May. the family continue to b united, and those who have wandered return and be recia tmed,. is the heartielt desire, 01, the present arid downs. . time-thing- 1 1 s til C " Iiere-afte- r. - . D. I ".rumiirg m p. acev juit;ue sho lenvi.ted I nrui .Timiirt.vVia e'rsJit-ifiualist- rm herunptionsof iviad.ime ha., hadsomeborrowful and he lias' promised the writer a lier pi j.a.t lift xvjlich e h,,V tu have soon, when w'e .may al;e to teH yon. some thrilling .incidents through which she "in her eariv. woman-- " hood. sxet-- n Iras-pase- Mus. Clinton Smith was born in Vermont among the Green mountains, and has all her life' been engaged in philanthropic work, and hasj.-ea contributor to the " Rural Xew Yorker," ' Weekly Witu ness," 'Temoreht's Magazine," and other ud She has Ienodicals. the pen" names, Alica and August Neon, and is now actively engaged in library pursuits though she has a family of live children and her conversation one would think' her an excellent housekeqcrv as ".well as wife, and mother. Her home was in , Vt. r until 1S01 , when her husband accepted a Government position, in Washington, D. C. Her father was a pioneer geologist in hU native state; Mrs? Smith attended the meetings of the Federation of Clubs"held in this city, and made a neat little speech during the discus-io- n "oir Thursday morning in which' she paid a high compliment to Senator Frank J. Cannon wdio had been most kind and helpful to the ladies in their work on special committees with which she had been connected. Mrs. Smith attended the club reception un Thursday evening at Mrs. Nelden's, escorted' by. Dr. Pratt. "'On Friday morning she left the city to return home, and we hope carried with her pleasant memories ofttah and certainly she left agreeable impressions with those who had the opportunity of le tvmtig ao'juanurti with he!. judg-iug;fro- m - Mid-dlebur- Young. EDITORIAL XQTKS. Tin: Utah Federation of Clubs held its were favored recently with a visit' from Mrs. Clinton Smitrf of Washington, D. C. a member of the National Press Association and a very pleasing and delightful woman in many ways. Her husband came to Utah in the interest of the war department, having been sent to look after some Wic til She atJ tended, the Tabernacle sei vices in company -- with the writer and Dr. II. B. Pratt; we also, had in the partya distinguished French writer and correspondent of a French paper and Mrs. M, M. Johnson, known best by Mi nom' de plume, Ruby Lamonte; the last named lady came to the city to attend the Text Book Convention and was the guest during" her1 stay of Mr. and Mrs. u T. Farnsworth. .These ladies are of notable, and exceptionally fine : opportunity to visit our City. -' . -- wo-ae- - -t- iairtieraudaU 7 annual Convention in this city Mav 26 and' 27, commencing at 10,30 on Wednesday morning, May 26. There was a good sized audience iu the Church and the dec orations of flowers and plants were very fine. It was interesting to note the 'person nel of the women who took part in the pro ceedings, for however beautiful ar,v hall may be, it is not so much of 'a' stijy as human nature; and we have often thought the studies from life in an assembly of this kind were' very .valuable. The entire audience was quite enthusiastic in their welcome to Mrs. Henrotin, the General President; The President, Mrs. Jennings, is a very fine executive officer, and has a winning manner, mid Mrs." Henrotin of Chicago has a graceful and attractive style about her, and one knows directly that she has been much in society. Then there were three other. distinct types of women, the guests from Colorado; besides the visitors froni" Ogden, Provo. Springville and elsewliere, Iu fact it was a most delightful collection of women, if one may be permitted '.the, expression, and the occasion was inspiring and exhilarating, much to do ,,aud to say and There was-sthe enthusiasm never flaggedat least that is the expression of one member present. The opening invocation was by Mrs. N. F Putnam'and was earnest and eloquent. Minutes of last year read and approved. - " " 'uAdamis ' was a very Clkopiias the. French writer, fascinating woman. She has traveled much and kept her eyes open, and can describe in glowing terms 'what she has seen. She is a true philanthropist 'and a member of the Red Cross, is a friend of Clara Barton's and of theMisses Johnson's who visited Salt Lake a year or so ago, and were entertained bV the" Press Club,-or-rathe- r Ave should say, entertdnedxthe Press nst delightfullyIVIadati . ub llas the the 4m . Culture, Ogdeti; Oden Kt. rival Society and Provo Sorosis. Then came the address 1 1 ; ot welcome by Mrs. K. l. Wei's and response of by Mrs. M. II. Graham. the I'Vderatiou, which was iyeudn a very in conpleasing way aivi was quile-i'oeticstruction and iu rendering. 'We legret very much that we'Jrte. not pace for all the .speeches given and business transacted, but we can say truthfully, that it was a most instructive session ofmcetings anil we feel much real good has. been gained by women In thus affiliating and helping each Yve-Preside- nt al other. charming personality peculiar to . Textfth"ecfedentia)sw . ' y . After the two days meeting' a "reception was. give a -- by. the club., women on :.Tiiurs . day evening at the elegant residence of Mrs. W, A. Nelden, at hich there was a fair sprinkling .of gentlemen 'among, the many ladies. The spacious parlors were fragrant and beautiful with il rwers,-- and the music by Olsen's 1 and was most inspiring. Iu a social way the affair was a perfect success. Among tlie distiiiguished gentle--mepresent were Mr.. Charles Henrotin of Chicago, .Apostle ' II. J. Grant,- President-Angus M. "Cannon, C. S. Kinney, W V.. JIalm, Dr. A.C.Kwing, Rev. A. II. Henry, " Dr. Plummer and Mr. .McConuick.rand scores of beautiful and intellectual women. . ; n - sij;i:cii oi" wDi.eo.Mi:, . Mrs. President Henrotin. Mrs. President Jennings, delegates,- visitors from a distance and from adjacent cities, good friends. '.o:ie and all- - In behalf of the Salt Fake clubs we give you sincere and heart- felt gn dingy and we rejoice to welctmie you to our fair city in the vales of the Rocky Mountains. We congratulate this' assembly of club women toda- that they-ar- e honored with the presence of the eminent Mrs. Henrotin, whose name and, fame' we all know throughout Utah," because of her connection with the Colnrnbian and we feel that she is very near, to the ladies assembled here, on account of- occupying the honorable position of president of the general Federation .of Women's-clubof which the Utah Federation is out sulall branch and though it may appear very small in .comparison with other larger states, that have had greater advantages, yet we are all. aware that very .often. th.e smaller branches of great trees are more fruitful, if not more beautiful than" those that Jiave attained to a greater size and a more luxuriant growth of foliage. And we hope the' Utah branch mav blossom and eventually bear. fruit of such excellent quality that it will not 'suffer by comparison Avith older and larger states, but like the rruittul bough oyer the Rocky Mountain wall that hems Utah, in and becom e known and appreciated in " " " other lands. We are proud to have Mrs. Henrotin and; the Colorado .women inmr midst, and we extend fraternal greetings to Mrs. Tha tcher, presiden t of the Colorado .Federand ation, to Mrs. Gale, its to M rs. Piatt, president of the Denver Woman's club, and we hope to make the sojourn in our city of these distinguished representatives of progress hnVi 7 literary merit a delightful holiday. We prolTer to our guests the hand -- of- - s .. . "may-han- ; ' V . : vice-presiden- : t, '' - -- " :.ii:s,' 1:. . COXVKXTIO.V OF WOMAN'S CLUBS. au y clubs was the admission of new five in number as follows: Woman's Alha. neum ol Park City; S. 'H. I,., Coah ilk;- Home cl-ubs- ) ex-perieiu- -- ;ril "the- - M.-- 