v- TWO KINDS v. i . Kd, Vie two Ktnos v ttcqfle. . . w people on '. ? tarn divided in just these- - two c'asses. labor and worry and care Ella Wmeklkr i in irer ? e for. XUiix war ft scnool our Would R d iium-Lilately yavnHi ... I ;- 1 1 l - Htapks .''''.. - , , - u-it- li c fc i ? WiLco.f f birthday, anniversary. sister r.ROvrr.u. . - Dear f; ieml you say you are growing e ld, That'today completes three score four years; DJt grieve? Nay rejoice, each milestone passed Counti thee oneness ia this vale f tear.- Has Time, with his hoary fingers, wrought Silvery threads 'niong thy darker hair,Traced light y faint lines, which year by year ' . ari-'.-- s. , . deepen to furrows, and dost tho j care ? Time laughs ar.d mocks us at every change, . From youth's sweet pring e'en to wintry agc Faded cheeks, d'nrned visioi, the stiffen1, d limb And kindred Ms that fill up life's page. AY ll Let him laugh and enjoy his frolic s, Shall not we at the en J of life's race, Throw off this marred outer covering, when Lo, a soul which he cannot deface. I K. Lord finished .II i.s work on tl:e seveutl thy. and rested ? Did not the Prophet Moies require the children of Israel to keep the seventh day holy, and the seventh year was a jubilee when 'freedom must be given to any who were oppressed? If the. seventh year will bring such a jubilee, what will seven thousand bring ?. I .think the first chapter in the Acts oi the Apostles tells us what we. may expect at that time. We read in the 1st chapter, beginning at the 6th verse io the 12th: ."Ye shall receive power after the Holy Ghost is given unto you, and ye shall be witnesses unto me unto the uttermost parts of the earth. "And while speaking a cloud received Him out of their sight, and while looking steadfastly toward heaven as He went up, October, " :. i St; 7. the statement about the poet sing-- j er, James G. Clark, was made in the Tri-- : bune of Sejtember 25, he has passed to the land whose glories seemed very real to him when he composed the immortal melody for the hymn "When the Mists Have Rolled ""vSinck Ex. Away." -- j, I NOTES AND NEWSr - This immortal soul will never grow old, Age adds lustre instead of decay, Our bodies of dust to dust return, Our spirits live and progress forayc. Soon tin's school we call life will be oVr. All its sorrows and burdens laid down. Our education on earth complete, tts.wlio And lie ' says: "Take my yoke upon lit :hS you and ltarn T nv, for my yoke is easy in.s (iver .vjwntv years 2nd my burden is light." With .His holy U st was the custom i r schools iti all spirit it is joyful and light also, but without in t!!V NilU- : Xc.v Yorh, it, it would not be so I can assure you. T..i.;. 'k,- the ."e Testament, we Please excuse me when I sav that this .. KLt hiviu: angm lo'ifray Pioier leels an anxious desire that the Uur v'hn m u A licaVyn youth may see the Gospel in its own true ,:lliKr hall -.!;', 2:a.:;iv: '.' anil '1 ingdour; light, which when accomplished wil fill come io!i-i eaith as'it- is ay will Vrrht unit tlwir ......... nul ;i ' 11 iillll jw (IIVJ j'Vl-fm neavcu" etc. Ho nUttltll. is it not nT tlw.'lIK. thr (rift leinr riiiw i,u rv,. And won.d :iut this s'rengthvn ? faith forter. Mav we be fit temnles for the in. nir ui(i we c.niiit there was a CM in huiven (hvellimr of this L'ood snirit. for it must WilO cotilfl ee U, UIHi iie .ir (,ur !ra ers linv-n mtrn hnnrl tft itihnhit it xt ill i hen i:ow ih important it this impreirai be cept any other. This being the faith of the m.K.e.in chiidlitx d by piecept a;;d examide. 'Saints I' ha tlw mn.nk nA crtnr'dinno wa-- . unt u: ulc in vain. may not lose suiht of this important subiect. piayir Oh no, that.tim- - r.nt and will come when out teach the youth to grow in grace and a ins will must be dor.e on earth as if is in knowledge of the truth. i:eaven. These are'the views of a pioneer," and of. Then tlie jr.etio:i IIuw vill this all the Saints are they nol? Then wc will" l.s. u Dill II 1 I. II e worthy be called Saints. I low desira .;.v v ...u. a moment. l)o not we" li;:d in the Old ble. Let us not be weary in well doing for restament in tlu bonk of Genesis that this in due time we shall reap if we faint not. earth was made in, seven days'," and the ZiON.s Covi:kt. . i a 1? 1 yiiUt-ar- l ter'-uhfi- i ; haner, who lets others. bear Your portion of A" - ? In w!i!m clas are you Are you easing t e Of ove rtaxed lifters who toil down the road Qr.arc yoi la.Jv? and ir. iu l Aiido Mly enough, you will find, to I wren. t wenty who le m. There n only one lifter t a . - mean. who lift, and the people who Iran, Are li'e people Vhfver you go, you will find the world' Are always .t'. f)t, iV-.,-- :- Tin: District Woman Suffrage Associa- tion has elected its Mrs. Kllen Powejl Thompson, again as its leader, and this insures an active and strong society for ex-preside- this vrrv ifnnnrtnnt rnnTi vvbfnlhfrrr:it wTitTr3prTrat:on $ Q )Q hcre and mudl im. And though our lessons today seem hard, Gal ike why parelaud Kx flt WQrk s tQ be done stand e gaing rip into lieaven? I On'y by work can we reach the goal, ... ' Only those who are tried come forth as gold, Jesus which is taken up from you, shall Mks Maria Frink, of Valparaiso, Ind., 'Tis suffring; that sanctifies the soul. come in like manner as ye see Htm go up sufficient for us? who writes under the , ,iom dc plume of The uncut stone is of little worth, j' Is not this testimony when He comes will it not be in the "Grace Gold," thinks that the social reAnd choicest is with the steel; care Tempered seventh thousand ytar, the Sabbath of crea-- ! demption of the world wil be obtained not , So our lives ate made the more sublime, the criminals and tion, or in other words the Milleneum, by destroying out of existence iucapables, By ti c tears we shed and the wo s we feel. the causes-whicwhen He will coiue to reign King: of khigs, but by putting make them what they are saloons, Let Father "do what seeimth Him good;" "and Lord of lords As clay in the hands of the potter be, Now the question is .will we be prepared gambling dens, immoral dives, obscene When moulded and fashioned fit for us'e, , for this.great event?. The Prophet Joseph pictures, impure literature every tiling to drag humanity downward. He'll appoint thy. place in eternity. Smith tells us that Jesus must and exactly which tends such a people here as those He oriugs with The discipline that each soul requires, Him. The same character, the same faith Just before leaving- the country last ted out a hand; loving by h;p N ow who J.and one. with Him in all things. month, Mr. W. L. Stead, the London ediAVhetrlttHy developed, thyxa H wi be, -- 1 : this for great tor, who some years ago exposed ' crimes is sent to prepare the way Daughter rptnfn tn ihv.Fathprlflnd. or-- I committed against young girls in his city, event, can you tell me ? Has any one Nellie. which one the as was interviewed by a New York .World reJuri- - 1, jranized a church exactly is97. Jesus built, wilii twelve aposues, uuas, porter. Mr. Stead has reached the concluseventies as you sion that English women receive less of the priests and deacons, also read in Luke 10th chapter, 1st verse. "The "small change of outward courtesy" than RK FlyECTIONS 0 F A PIONEER. Lord appointed other seventies also ana sent do American women, but are given much wnere more solid and serious respect. In support Hoy; often are we told that faith is a .gift them two and two into every place In the 7 tn verse 0f his opinions he said of Go If so when was. it given ? My He Himself would come.' returned witn joy, read- "The seventies faith has been from childhood when . early The English arernofashaTrietl-tcy-place-a-w- ot nrd pvpn the devils'are subject to rst to prayer,' evening ught ' man high above all their politicians, to keep her repeat my " t, .i wkich is. this: . simply notent voice in setti ng; a'l the great affairs of lie lucu icua u''" "Now I lay me down t iu He ".Nctwunsianumg, j sleep.I pray. the Lord my state, from dealing with which in the American says! ooth verse soul io ke may say " not that the spirits aresubjecUo Republic women are debarred. You p, this rejoice If so she is a is Ifl shoaid die before I the Queen figurehead. only wake, I pray the Lord my; you, but rather rejoice that your names are much most and liveliest the potent figurehead in SOul to heaven." take, in of .; ivritten chance being such a figurehead-i- s his?bry.-Th- e " And ti n I ask .were ? they the for Jesus sake." victory, denied by your Constitution and customs to He had gained., not this the ablest person of the states if she should chance N ow is -Surely impressions made in youth are, only obedient to His liws. Ex. a woman. to be obedient to His laws ? to be born ore us to like lesson a mind then being lasting the slooanIIim l)eraonp.meu e men ot said, in " -- j hiS-Sara- e , . r I ! h ; I ' - - 1 1 ! . , t " - ...-.,- - . . . , . . ) . 