WOMAN'S KXPONRNT. ' . .'" the audience, lie stated that the vast assemwhen blage reminded him of the year lS 19, of. the the people, celebrated the adventwas feasting pioneer into the valley, there and. dancing ettvand thanksgiving to Cod for the bounteous blessings bestowed upon Tlis people. Since then great changes had been brought abo'ut.hi this iiPermouutaiu Pnsi- region. President (.Munon alluded to dent Woodruff as .a misbandsimyt in his of .day, and to him belonged, the credit,said planting the first potato in the valley, th'is was a most momc-utonp'.riod in. the world's history, spoke of the spread of the .; Gospel in the md and how it .yould spread and continue to grow and flourish in the. earth until ( lod'sjmrpose had dished. The entrance of the pioneers into this valley would be dwelt upon nunc ami The day more a the years' roiled on. would come when it, would make an the . worlds ,history and one of the central .. , Wood be Piesuient w(;uld thereoi iigures 1 lie ruiT. who was being honored- today speaker referred to the exeeucTU qiiaritic rmd virtnes of the man "himself, and felt that- the sound of President Woodruff's voice should be engraved upon the cylin- ders of a phonograph, that in after years' the young and rising generation might en- joy the sweet and loving vibrations. He j wa.i a man. of the utmost integrity, 'and as such would forever be held- in loving v're- of President ';' membrauce.. After Cannon's remarks the. choir sang tlie anthem" Let the mountains shout for joy," r and the vast audience rose and sang the Doxology, and' Apostle P.righam Young pronounced tlie benediction. I'do not know that-.on religious subjects? can do better than to quote brother Josepji S;nith's remarks be fare thousands at a conference in Xauvooy when there were many "present. I were the empemr of the "If world and I had power to. control, the whole human 'family, I would sustain every man, . of-peopl- non-Mormons He-said- , of their woman and child in the 'religion." Those are my sentiments today. .1. believe every man Jew, Catholic, Pro- - tt:swint r anything has a right to enjoy I believe the his religion unmolested. Constitution of the Lriitcd States guarantees this blessing anil privilege to .everybody. Now before I close I wilj again bear- my of "God. This testimony that this wotk talernacle that'you are in today was seen by the Prophet Isaiah and other prophets, and they sjke of it, as well as the teniples that " are built m the valleys, of. "the inonntains.zVlUiave. been.. puiuted uui.bv.-L-" the ...prophets oGod and thej.yrd revealed t o Is a i; J J e re i a f a id. many other proph-ets- , our (lay, our history, our lives our position in, this immense barren desert which hasbven occupied by the Latter-daSaints, and is as we see it today' through-thblessings of.God. I will bear my testi- tlie world to my l.iiendsof the mouy-to Church and State, and. .to nil men under The ""heaven that thi is tlie truth of God. is li.ind to accom- L(')id Almighty has set plish this work. Joseph Smith was raised Up by the j)owcr of Gxd and the. revelafion ol Jesus Christ. to organize this Church and kingdom in the dispensation of the ful- ness ol 'times. His life was short, as was the 'Savior's.- but it was a great work that he performed in the flesh. The Savior lived about three and a half years after He entered the ministry. Joseph Smith lived some fourteen years from the time lie re- eeiyed the plates- and translated them into tlie l.ingiioh language. tie laid down his life, as did Christ; and His Apostles, for the word 'of God and testimony of Jesus Christ. He will rise in his glorified body and meet again with his brethren, the Apostles and Klders of Israel and this people, and will stand in days to come as the leader among us in celestial glory. I feel to bear my testimony to this. It matters not about the unbelief of men. They cannot turn away the work of Almighty God. The Lord has set His hand to cany out these great principles which He has revealed, the establishment of the Xion of God and the 'preparation for the coming of .Son- of Man.. What has been said aboii t the mountains of Israel will have its fultillment.. 'The judgments of God 'will 'follow in the earth in fulfillment of what has been said, and no power on earth can slay them. I am anxious, although my life his been preserved to this great 'age, I still am anxious that we as a people' may do our duty, may live our" religion, may keep the faith, may so walk before the Xord that thedloly Ghost may. be our constant companion to lead us in the days that lie before us. This is my prayer arid de- sire in the riame of Jesus Chris- t- Amen.- - : ". After singing by the choir and congrega-- . tion President Lorenzo Snow bore to President Wood ruiT's remarks, and stated he had been 'acquainted with him sixty years.haviug known him in Kirtland, and that die had always lived a life of purity and holiness, spoke of tl;e example. Ave could all take from' President Woodruff. President George Q. Cannon addressed -- s j bceu-aecom- ' 1 1 1 1 -- I i - y j -- 1 ,. d' - testi-ion- y - . - " "i the-clos- j Tin; Kixin-Tio- utiles many '.w-.wt-- A characteristics too numerous L- L. Greene Kichards eutitl, poem by " Near The Gate and dedicated to Prei . dent Woodruff we shall.. publish in. the m r . future . . . KIMTOklAL XOTKS. Goon news comes from South Dakota that the ICqual Suffrage Amendment wV, . - submitted by a good majority. . he the state of Washington the Woman Suffrage bill passed the Senate by a vote of '." 2 to 11. '' . - Tin bill making an appropriation to the University for a Kindergarten .trainim- '. hool is- a. good- - measure, by all mean: Utah should have "her teachers trained in her own state. - 0 If you exchanges , Says, ; DNTTTHf-D-Tir. must "epononiize, in the name of Christian humanity do' not withdraw your support from the Kindergarten-- ' 'So say we all i us" who are work'ing. in .the interest of the children-- . - is still in this state AI)MIMouN''OK giving-lie- world-famou- r lectures' s in- the larger towns outside Salt Lake City, .and we trust meeting with good success and becoming acquainted with our cople and conversant with our Church doctrines. . At some opportune time durin g the Cor.1-- will be a business meeting of the State Suffrage Association, held-athe 'KxrONKNT office,, to get an opinion from the women of the state as to what shall be done by tlie' enfranchised states to help other women to obtain s'nffrage, and particularly what the women ol feren.ee in April, there t At .the cl(ise of the exercises, there was a reception held for President Woodruff and Sister Km ma .Woodruff his wife, whose birthday occurs on tlie same day as her : celes-."tie- . - - . 1 j cp.-ch- 1 -- - j m 1 , J--- 1 1- 1 . his ste illfig integrity to the truth and ' -- 1 ft;'?. jr. - ; . 7 " - - ; bus. laud's, tliough .she is niQre than thirty Utah will do. years younger. They were seated under a Mks. Hicnky Waki Pi:i:ch"i:k .whose canopy-"c.Ixru'tiiig and beautiful flowers. an.i'Sli' haud.s with the multitude for one death has l)een for some time expected whole hour. Many estimates have been died at Stamford," Conn.,. Nlaivji'.s.'atip.i, made f .of people;, but at all on the. tentlr anniversary ofhe demise o,f events it was a constant stream of new her illustrious; husband. Put very few particulars-are Mrs. face during tlie hour. given in tlie dispatches. Some very acceptable gifts were. presented Peechc-- devoted all her time .and energies. ' to from the sist'efsof during fier husband's life to him and to her Millville, Cache Co. which received the family. Since his departure to the " . she has become pretty widely first prize at the World' a Fair in Chicago, it was accompanied iy a letter that we known throng hey writings of him, pub-- . would very- much like to use if we had lislied jn the Ladies Home Journal.. A space. exercises' bouquet from the Tnic executive Latter-day- . Saints college was presented f etc. of Hon. Wm.' "inaugurationas President McKinley Miss ljertha Wilcken, with a very appropri- - of the United States were said to be more choicely worded, letter signed by.;j imposing, and on a grander ami more: magate," '; TheTeaehers and Students of the college. " j nificent scale of elegance than any since Another suitable,-gif- t to President WoodGeorge Washington. However, we at a rult was a handsome, cane distance know very little, about it, but if given by A. W. McCune ! srp of this City. the moneyxwas put in circulation among The Primary children also presented a bis-- . workmen arid tradesmen, men and; women ket of llowers little Veda Jones makof ' the people t might be. more eiTective of ing the presentation in a pretty childish good than foset an example fashion . Several of the sisters- presented, extravagance. It is better.40 flowers and one 'handsome basket-.froa ..give work than to give charity.-- .Certainly ; number of sisters containing roses; lilies of all wlio are interested in the welfare'of the the val'ey and violets. was preseutedlo Sis-- ' country would wish ""fair! display to be , ter Woodruff by Sister Zina Y. somewhat ihoderate. because", of the hard Card with a verse expressive of Endearing times. ' Great hopes ' are entertained by .'sentiments by Sus:t Y. Gales. those who worked for tire election ofAIc-KiuleThe anniversary exercises were, throughthat a more prosperous era will soon, out a tender and' allectionate tribute to the come with tlie change in the administration; ;N Prophet seer and revelator whom all Israel for wdiich results all who are mindful of flights to honor because, of his intrinsic the public weal will ardently hope, and w" labors in the Church worth, his J trust hope not in vain. ; i f ' ! the-numbe- r r j Uk-ui,- j ; i - bt-autif- I i -- -- j silver-mounte- d -- ' . . ' , - . - 1 ;-- he - y : " life-lon- g 