1 : 41 r 4 rWyVN 'S quaint old jewelry,., reticules, shawls ahd 'old-fashione- faces. d " The program was quite original" in style ami .commenced with the company joinhv' in singing "America.". Mrs. Annie Cannon read the poem entitled "A Colonia'l Tea," which" begins: ,." " . v "There was an " , - . oi l lady lived over the sen. And she was an island queen, Her daughter lived of in a hew country, With an ocean of Water between." t ' The burden of this song is the' three pen-- - queen she eoulH have her tea. when it was steeped enough, but not the tax.' Mrs t 111!... i lie nosiou mlea iuv.4iuvjA jwu lsauci T..x1,1w1 Party," avery pretty story in ver.se. Dr. R. B. Pratt gave quite a dissertation on the whole flair, beginning with the stamp act and golng lhrough the entire liis- tory of the treachery, of Gen. Hutchinsn and other traitors', the meeting in TaneuTI Hall and Old South Church, the eloquent steeches by Josiah Ouincy and others, to the time when the three ship loads of tea were poured into the sea. ur. jv. k. Miipp spoke ot ner. visit to. Boston and Plymouth. 'in 1S95, and described Plymouth' Rock and so forth, the hostess offering some explanations on the subject and giving her idea of these historic ; . places ami mementoes. Miss Pearl Russell sang "I cannot sing the old songs,"' etc., very sweetly indeed. .Mrs.. Mary A. Freeze read some" verges she had composed for the occasion that were ...... . very appropriate Little Louise B. Cannon sang "The Good old Days cC i"ore," with' gestures etc., and little Margaret Cannon recited "That's Iielahe-World3;o- ii Know. ' ' Other ladies present gave expression to patriotic sentiments or told anecdotes, and the time ' passed merrily. Refreshments were strictly in Xew England style, Boston brown bread and butter, plain cakeand fruit, and as it was treason to drink tea, all guests were served with hot water unless they preferred 1 T .. " - . . cold. French author- aad - critic AlphonSe .Dai ..'let, on Thursday, December while- - at dmner with his 10, 1S97, family .in the midst of domestic enjoyment must bring to mind the saying "In the midst of life we are in death.;: Dau Vt is said to have been the finest critic of he present day. burning of Dover castle on December 1., must Ix. a great' loss of many valuable works of art of historic value. It is one of the most notable places in Kngland, containing such rare articles as cannot agahrle replaced. As the fire was extiu. fguihhed berore night jxrhaps many of the most valuable articles of other periods and antique date ma have been preserved. ; . . Bv all means let the little-peoplsee the windows with " toys" and such HkV crfnoslties at Christmas time. There is no occasion 'more inspiring to' irood deeds and tender thoughts for the children than when preparations are going ft i ward towards this world-widfestive as well as sacred celebration. Let the children be happy on this special day and prompt them to deeds of. love, charity and forgiveness. AIL that is best in the child shows itself under such cheerful conditions. It is Wd work to be at Christmas because the surroundings are usually pleasant. The life and labors of Sister Aurelia S. Rogers' is now in tlur hands of the publishers and will be ready before very long. Sister Rogers has been assisted in her work by Sister L- - L. Greene Richards who has given the matter and its arrangement care ful oversight, and the. book will be useful to the children of Zion as well as interesting to older. readers. It will contain pictures of Llder Orson Spencer, one ofthe ablest ram. isters of the Gospel in former days, and of the author, Aurelia Spencer Rogers and Ellen Curtis Spencer Clawson, her elder sister. e . . Mrs. Augusta Joyce Crogiieron has written a poem entitled "The Exodus and Jubilee," which it is heped will be printed FOR THE COLONIAL TEA PARTY AT AUNT EM'S. 1 THURSDAY EVENING DEC. 16, IS97. The pe p'e of Boston once et an example, , . Which people of U ah might foil w, I think; I the word md the c un el of God ire not ample, To.teach them exactly the things they should -- - Tin: sudden and .almost tragic death of the Tin-- ny tax on tea and ending with telling the T . KDITORIAJ, NOTKS. 'Uces; ami as one lady humorously remarked , L )i VO N K K T drink. Jf Boston went out with her sissors and axes. Rippe bags, split up boxes, and spilt all the in some form perhaps in pamphlet style to be circulated among the people.. It is a complete history in brief and in verse, of the pilgrimage and labors of the Saints in settling- the desert places and establishing We shall be very glad a commonwealth. to see it in some suitable form such as the merit of the work deserves. Mrs. Croche-ro- n has written many poems, stories and other articles, valuable contributions to our home literature, but this work' seems 'to us because-o- (perhaps best. The death of Mrs. Nancy Alison Mc- - Kinley during the present month and so season December 12, will near And all that be call e of exorbitant faxes, A hint isthere h dden, if Utah .could see. have a depressing effect upon the residents of the White House. irom an one can If thf drinks of the Boston gir' afterwards savored the President learn from newspaper-report, leaves, and Of garden sag-- catnip rasberry was "fondly attached to his mother and- - had And yet wi h prosperity great she was favored, ever been a dutiful and devoted son. The receives. l.sson fine a The Utah girl here floral offerings given prove she was beloved by many, and the attention of the President Pd like her to take it Receives if she will-a- nd coming and going as he did, .is proof of the And take no more tia, as a p inter, to wealth; .. Mrs, McKinley Strength of his affection. But remem er God's promise, (He never wil and has gone to had lived to a ripe old age break it,) . She was and good her rest covered with honors. Grrat rea ures of wisdom, long-lifborn April 27, 1809, ana died December 12, ' health. At tier lunera 1897, at Canton Ulno. L L.Gpeene Richards. tea; ;f the-holida- y : s ; e . . A , 4 " - Og-de- I n, vice-president- s; - best-education- . Somk of the Christmas 'displays' in the ca r, shop w 11 tlowiTar e""veiya r t i st ie t h j and scarcity of nioney does not seem to, prevent shopping so far as one looking on can observe, so that the little peoplewill be well supplied, with all kinds of gifts and dainties sy 1 when Santa Clans arrives, and judging from the weather he will come oil runners this year with bells and all the paraphernalia of winter costume. The Z. C. M. I windows areas gay or gayer than ever before; ribbons and iac'es show well and wherever there is color it gives tone to the entire stock. of articles. R. K. Thomas always makes everything count in arranging his goods, and although it may be said quality is everything, yet if the article so fine and it is not displayed to advantage it may remain without a purchaser while the more common articles are sold off. Goods must be seen and books too as well. People are often persuaded into buying by seeing books handsomely arranged i:rwiadQws-or.-i- n view of the customer. is-eve- The illustrated lecture in the A.v-emb- r ly Hall given by Dr. J. K. Talmage upon Rome on, the evening of December 3, was a delightful pastime and an instructive entertainment. Tpjiear so much that is interesting in one lecture is quite out of the ordinary, but Dr. Talmage has the happy faculty of making every word count, and one goes from the lecture hall of such a speaker enriched in thought and ideas as well as information. The views fine and really fascinating, one may gaze, upon them and imagine being in the famous city itself. Dr. Talmage showed his kindness of heart and his interest in child life in generously giving this lecture free for the benefit of the Kindergarten, and the ladies who are working so industriously and persistently to establish this system of education in Utah feel very grateful tp the Doctor for the service rendered, both at this time and heretofore in behalf of this work. In doing this Work for the public those engaged therein are working for the betterment of humanity. The TJ. W. P. C. held its regular meet-''- y ing on the evening of Nov. 30, at the v residence of Mrs.. Annie M7 Bradley (editor of the. Review) by -- her invitation. The parlors Were prettily decorated for the ocDr. Romania B. Pratt, j,he newly casion elected president, presixled, asj:he secretary was not present Dr. Ellis .R; Shipp was chosen secretary pro "tern. Original on Thanksgivings were given by Mrs. Martha B. Jennings, are-ver- y the subject) her very f many testimonials uere given :Jthe; purity, and uprightness of her lift niVcharacter. rii: State KindergartCjii association held its annual meeting in ther'City and County Mrs. Huilding on Saturday, December Augusta W. Grant in the chair. Alter the transaction of routine business; officers for the ensuing yuir were elected, which resulted as follows: Prof W. T. Stewart, president. Mrs. Annie Itollantync of and Mrs. Annie Cr tig of Provo, Carrie S. Thomas, secretary; Mary K. Larson, corresponding secretory; Mrs.Tvmma J. McVicker, treasurer, and- a board of directors. Prof. Stewart took the chair and sjxjke earnestly for the association and urged all' to work for its advancement and the spread of this educational idea which lay at the foundation of the senti-nien- ts the-members- . 