KXPONKNT- - WOMAN'S ' XOTICI2J v 0 say what is tniUi; V I'iuiuvi,v-benediction by .Kldjr J. A. Taylor. Conference FeU lo? 1S97: Vat'the Relief Society hall, President Jane S., Cole- Clioir smcr " Karth with man DreidiiiL' her ten thousand flowers;" prayer was offered by Patriarch K. X. Blackburn; singing "All hail the glorious day;" min- - 41 To Al.LAVIfO A. ML ; . ISTJUU STKI. IN - '' ' proved. rfjJ President Jarie S.Coleniau said she was ple.ied to again meet in Conference; that it was through fai:h and prayer she had '"been able to attend, having had sickness in the family; was grateful to have so many of the brcthferi'mect with us, said the aims and desires of the ttelief Society are to hi one with the Priesthood and to ever use a good influence in the proper direction; prayed the Snirit of God would rest 011 the, sneak ers that such instructions might be given as were necessary for the general good and T-- - 111 v iul oil nil rwv. Vrir1v tur t1i im. exten-sive'a- . - 0 -- rf v jen-jami- n -- '. e - . J- " ' in Tin: all who wish to engage in this dc-i- j, s indu-- h , ir name and this year, to send at oure full address for pamphlet' of instruction-alsa a statement of your facilities raising cocoons ami the number of ilk Address all worm eg;s you desire. to Margaret A. Cairn, Sen;: Salt Lak tarv Utah Silk Commi-.-iot he , i'.-- eon.,-municatio- ns n, City, Utah.. All county papers' please c opy. DR. ELLIS K, SHIPP, WILL r. Class: in ' Thurber Relief Society was reported by Counselor Louisa BunkerhofF, they were in good condition; are now directing their labors to build a Relief Society hall. Teas-dal- e was also reported by Sister Coleman as doing well: i Patriarch P. W. Young said he realized had lnuuence ana contaexercise it for good; some people in the world thought the Mormon womerrrwere ignorant creatures; showed the falsity of this, statement. The women go hand in hand with their husbands; spoke of training children, the evil of selling intoxicants in our settlements mothers should plead with their sons not to touch them nor to use proT c miuuki encourage re- lane language " ligious classesr asked Gcxl to bless the ,;: Society. ' The yearly financial and. statistical report . the-sister- Re-lie- - Counselor Mary K. Hanks could not attend Conference, her home being in the' eastern part of the Stake and the roads very bad for traveling "Just before. Conference she visited the eastern part, namely; Aldrich, Cane ville, Giles, Clifton, and reported all in good condition.. Conference Choir sang; Ja djouniedjfbr benediction by Brother George Forsyth. -Anna Cous m a n r Sec. ' 1 Mrs.' Amalik of the National Woman Su flrage Assoei ation for Wyoming for many years; and as such had the honor to sit beside the: Governor of Wyoming jaud d pai ticipa.te in the ceremonies which its admission as a State.- vice-preside- nt 1 - - : Obstetrics - 1 terms are gfven , to societies sending students. For commuui,tuSpecial further-particular- - s Willi KLLIS R. SHIPP M. I). 75 CLan 3 Center St Salt Lake City Utah. LnjvTJxan.ru iruanjxnjrru uuuxsxnnnj nt 43 ave anil arrive Salt Iki? 'ity a fw! r(In til'cct ilartb lt5, l"'j7r Pl.i'AUT. X "The O ver'ah-- i I.lraired'l lor Ch icax:a, . 'St. 1'iuil. 8t. Loui'. Orn ihii, Kiim .. .. 7:"0 m. c City. l)vnvcraTnl Park Ci'v "The Fast Midi." for Chirrtco. St. c Imis, Ouiaba, Kan.-.a-s city 'and . Denver "... ... 7.01 p.m. Fnin three to twelve hours quicker l nil above points ttan any oth-lii.e. ARRIVE: - : "Ttie Ovtrland Limited," from CIA- , Kanu.i City, .(iipo, bt. I)Uis. aird Park Citv . . . ... 3 10 pm., 'The Fn-- t Mail." frr'm fhi.-po-?t I'aul, St. Louis, Omaha, Kans'is Truins It lov. , 11. . r . -- Om-trifl- r o. and iH'iiver City ( iTYTiiKi;Toi'n( No. u."0 i;, a.m. ioi main vi. fo. Telephone The. only lint opTiitiii Thmutrn Pullman Palaeo Sleepers Library. Puifct Smoker. Inninjf. Cars, Tourirt-Sleepeand Free Kecllninj; Chair' ' rs Cars. . , P. H. H. CLARK. OLIVER W. M INK. E. ELLERY ANDERSON, JOHN W. DOANE, FREDERICK R. COUDERT, , ' Receivers. E. L. LOMAX, G. P. & T. Agt. E. DICKUVSOX, Gen. Manager. IL M. CLAY, General Agent. dinruTJritJxrLrjnaJxr B.E.TH01IA! Removed to 48 and 50 MaiQ-S- SALT LAKE CITY. B. Post, of Cheyenne, Wyoming, has recently died. Mrs Post was IN IH'U On" Monday- April 1 2th 1S97 with iniprovt facilities for instructionin thishnportaiu study. . man's Exponent. s. - sta'ii: or itaii. The Utah Silk (Vnimision " ' if we did we would enjoy greater 'Wisdom, t r . t. . .. i t r . i i : 01 rving rain; spose 01 me leacuings to the Xephites,- - which if practiced by us would result 111 great good' mwii our ' V heads. President.-Margare- t J.' Taylor reported-thLoa Relief Society in . good condition, said the sisters in turn visit the Y. L. M. I. A. and Primary meetings, had also subscribed for the Woman's Kxponknt and sent it to the sisters in Krigland. Sister Xancy Blackburn was truly thankful for the blessings and gifts of the Gospel, for the healing of the sick and the privilege of prayer; said the evil one is on the alert, we should teach our children the plan of salvation; prayed the Lord to bless and ' . comfort our hearts. The Lyman Relief "Society was rejwXed llelen Maxneld as" doinir iv" j President well and they were greatly blessed in their 1 SILiK CULifURE - a v- what is right;" prayer by Klder W, A. ' Go ye messengers of Taylor;, singing ' glory. " Sister Margaret Pace bore, her testimon y and felt interested in Relief Society work , was very desirous to see the youth choose the patii of virtue and chastity. Sister Sarah J. Morrell spoke well upon timely subjects. Sister Mary Kllett spoke' of her love for the Gospel,, and that temptations should be kept from the youth. Sister Sarah A. Robinson tnade 'gooU remarks; hoied theounse!s and Instructions given would be carried into practice. "Stalce President Willis K. Robeson .wish, ed an i uteres tJ i t he.pray er s ofjth ose t ires ent while speaking; exhorted all ta tlot what is right, as. was- sung in the lirs , hymn; spoke of the great scope of woman's s work, that their labors were just as the brethren. The sisters are important factors in rectifying evil of every kind; the influence of the mother, sister and wife are very important in our midst; referred to the remarks of President Cannon about famine, was pleased to 'note the success jof the sisters in ...storing;., grain, gave much credit to- the sisters in their labors 'of : dove. ; , Patriarch K.- W. Blackburn said he had The enjoyed the Conference very much. Prophet Joseph had organized the Relief Society over filty years ago; spoke of the great .good the sisters . had accomplished: -poke upon chastity, that mothers should vtake their sons in kindness and exhort them o keep themselves pure and guard the virile of their young sisters; spoke of how improperly dancing is being conducted any will nunase fhr mthoritv of ierson-that Gel's servants are apostates at hert. The sin of profanity was also spoken of and the sisters were urged to uir.te and use their influence against every evil practice. He sustained the Relief Society, felt honored to meet with them and hear the word of God aiid felt to bless them in His name. The officers of the Central Board andth e Stake" officers were sustained. President J. S. Coleman gave some general instructions pertaining to the Relief Society work to aid the local Presidents in their labors, that'all may work in har mony and accomplish the best results whether jn.spi.ritual orpracticalmattersL wished the sisters to subscribe for the Wo1 is-.th- e T Do -- - iiitli wwin. ' Singing " irdTancciTicnrDf iCelTetucleTylabTyrs- 'Counselor. Sarah S.Forsyth said"We are of one faith and one gospel, the same that our Savior taught. We should teach our children it true; faith and guard theurfro.m the wiles of. Satan, who is on the watch, to turn them aside from the straight path." Spoke upon faith and thetecesity of teaching that principle to our children. President Louisa Taylor of the Fremont Kelief Society gave-- good rejM)rt; they own a good house,, well seated and carpeted, their lot fenced and a granary with over-30bushels of wheat. Sister Louisa Brown of Loa, felt ' happy to meet' with her sisters; came to be strengthened in her faith; was thankful for the organization of the Relief Society; spoke of the temptations that beset the SksSion: Ai-ti:knoo- - cele-brate- The Leading Retail ? ? 