WOMAN'S KXPONKrtV. " : Counselor' L. :M. .'Ilart; '..LaVttown. if we vvUe ''I ? u:e did not .appreciate UieitTas w e should.' ; Hodges;M:tt$licr, Prts, Uoganson;-"()vi(i','rres; c. ' ' Carlson. 01 me iKccssitv reach" one building opue Mini tks of Ladies MeetStake Counselor Elizabeth Collings ex- on her own foundation, we snail Ik? re- ing held in the 14th, Ward Assembly Hall, pressed her. gratitude for. the privilege' of warded lor that which ve do ourselves and Nov. . Stevenson 27, 1897, Counselor K. being at conference and felt thankful for' a not for that which oiir Others and mothers presidin Singing "As the dew of heaven standing in the kingdom of God. She had do. Let us open up our hearts and not be distilling I 'raver by Jttlia C. Howe, often wondered why one so weak as she alraid to otl-- r kind and encouraging .words Singing "Heboid the mountain of the had teen called to the position she had oc- to one another. "' Lord." President William Ikdge said that; in' a cupied so long. Desired to do her duty, be Counselor Stevenson was disappointo in humble and submissive, emphasized the conference of this ki: our minds 'were ,not having President Home with us th;s drawn out towards Gen! and His work, and afternoon. Said she had never necessity of doing the work for our dead. enjoyed a for a time we TorgeT Stake Counselor L. M. Hart 'felt thankoTIess'THiT more the than one two wekTTTgo meeting thTtlmigs ful for the hope she had of an exaltation porjance. Said the sisters should economize of the Spoke thought their time that they may attend their meet- - with the Latter-da-past Thanksgiving,, in the kingdom of Gad. She had been in Saints that the day of terested in. listening to the reports and nigs and thereby receive a blessing. Spoke Thanksgiving was no- - different than any some at were tue wiio a absent had hoped presidents length upon u;:luence and related .other day, for with them it, reasonable excuse, bud if we would leave circumstances showing the necessity of pos- thanksgiving. some unnecessary work undone and devote sessing the right spirit, that our influence Sister Mary Ann .Hardy made the anmore time to the improvement of the mind may be felt for govd.' nouncement that President Home was ill ' Minutes were read ar I approved. it would be to our advantage. We should 0 and was not able to attend thcmeeting this use every moment we could for the study say what is tnnh. " Benediction by afternoon; also bore her testimony. of the principles of the Gospel; she knew President WiHiam L. Rich. minutes of the previous meeting were- read to she if lived X. H: Ai.I.kkd, Sec. these principles she that and accepted. up before could go her Father in heaven and Counselor Webb was. pleased to-- be here for for 'ask' her prayers had been blessings, today, had made a great effort to come, IN MEMOlvIAM. answered many times. We want our mem- Sjxke of being' charitable and loving to t. i i i i i 1.. t one another and said when she had her Tiuvi: iu ix pim. ami uui , uul um ui titcu RESOLUTIONS OP RESl'ECT in for of the spirit God xautiot but thought, We are called upon to record the death r f ou1 ttle ones taken from her she felt it was aldwell in unholy tabernacles. Admonished beloved counselor, Sister Mary DjdK who de most nioie'than she could bear, but now all to .be alive to their duties today for life parted this life Oct 27, 1S97... she was glad for she knew they were safe Deceased was born in Krgland in 1831, and and is uncertain. Invoked the blessings of that she had some shining stars there. joined the Church in early days; emigrated to heaven unon all. She felt thankful on Thanksgiving day, Utah in 1S59, comng with tie last handcart She lived in Silt Lake Oty for a short but not more so than every day, to think Singing "Come let us anew our journey tinie, then moved to Goshen where she resided she was gathered here with the Saints. pursue." Benediction by Elder Bagley. up to the tine of her demise. She leaves a husSister Derrick related the time when she Afternoon Skssion: Meeting called band, four children and an adopt d: daughter to After the mourn her loss, reside other relatives and friends? first joined the Church and bore her testi-- " to order by President Lindsay. usual opening exercises Pres;dent Lindsay When our Relief Society was first organized mony; also referred to her Temple work she was chosen as one of the teacher-- and served and how she felt she could do so much expressed the pleasure she felt in seeing a in that capacity until she was chosen second v ill nrr iftftir1i nv tit ic n ft rrtinrin linH nntirfd counselor, which offices :e faithfully filled until good. Sister Brixen said when she looked in listening to some of the reports that the her deth. S Delias been a great hf to the presidents of around and saw the peaceful look on the average attendance was not half. Would Y. M. I. L. the A.,, having "'he.jiift of speech she faces of the sisters it was a testimony to be thankful if some plan could be suggested' le af always give good and timely instrucyas her that the Spirit of the Lord was here. that would create more interest among the tion and seemed to at a times', and to be inspired sisters with regard to attending their meet- - she was listened to with much attention by the Spoke of the good the Relief Society work 4he counsel atthe conference m young ladies. Of late her htalth did not permit had done for her, it had helped to make arStcia-iofher a better woman. Salt Lake City which she had recently at was a very zealous worker in the Sunday She Singing "Should you feel inclined to centended was that if we had grain in good school for ears past and was loved by all many Sister Rawlings made some recondition we should keep it, also that we her pupils, for she had great ability in expound- sure." establish some plan that those who need ing the scriptures, and ma le fur class so inter- marks. Sister Jane Thomas bore her testiesting that it was always full of attentive students. mony and said her desire was to be faithful help may have something to do' in return She herselCalso to the hearts of the and do all the good she could. for that which they receive, we should see little endeared ones in the Primary for her good advice, Sister Julia Samson made a fewr remarks that no one suffers. Asked the Lord to kind expressions and prompt attendance. boon alter she joined the Church she enjoyed of thanksgiving and "rejoicing. Spoke of bless. us all. it was over the gift of prophecy, speaking in tongues and the the gathering of the Jews, Sister Mary Bagley said she always felt interpretation ever readv to fiity years since President Orson Hyde dedithere, f. and she ' blest in Bore bear a to the Gos and attending these meetings. testimony powerful string cated that land.. She knew that these were. been with eifted had of it seemed Relief Christ, pel speech beinjr Society testimony thathe all signs of the coming of the Savior'. a great blessing to her, it hacrhnglpertirerno Sister Goss related an instance 01 lrelpirrg--a hearers: she will therefore be greatly missed in be" a better vife and mother and teach her all our meetings poor person who belonged to the Church children truths that , she could not have Whereas, It has pleased our Heavenly Father and urged the sisters to help all the poor beloved sister and co ' taught them if she had not been connected to take from our midst our could. in they for feel humble to bow we submission, worker, There are with this noble organization, we know our less will be her gain. Therefore be Sister Barton felt blessed in" coming to to surmount it, trials that we are not able and felt there was much in our without the assistance of our Heavenly Resolved, That we offer our sympathy to the meeting,to help us. Bore her testimony. Father and the kind words of our brothers bereaved familv and ask God to. con fort their Gospel from Singing "Now's the day of Israel." and. sisters. Desired to do her duty through hearts that they may feel that she has gone Dr. U.S. Barney testified to her enjoyment uieir Mgnc uui ior a monieni, wncic sue wm minall circumstances. gle with ihose of her loved ones in her heavenly of the singing, for this she co aid hear best. Sister Amelia Hoge bore a faithful lesti-- . home. She felt the Lord could be praised by singResolved, That a copy of these resolutions be mony to the divinity of the work in which Said her deplaced upon our records, one present d to the ing as much as by speaking. we are engaged, felt her weakness when atDereaved family and one sentto the "Woman's sire had always been tc educate and lift up dewas but sisters the address to tempting Exponent" for publication. humanity, and spoke of .her trials in crosssirous of performing her duties to "the best We' will miss our much loved sister. ing the plains but felt to acknowledge The of her ability. ' hand of the Lord in all things. There w ill be her vacant chair, Sister N. K. Pugmire felt very pleased to in live meet we to heaven, May Sister Augusta J. Crocheron testified that be at the conference. Exhorted mothers to . will be there. For our sister Gpd heard and answered prayeis, and rebe very careful of the example they set belated an instance of how her prayer Mary Johnson, Pres. fore their children, they sometimes unknowLucYJrAYLOR, Sec. had been answered. of the in hearts unbelief sow of seeds ingly Sister Annie T. Hyde said a remark had their children. She felt blest in meeting caused her many reflections has nothing more tender than a been" made that Earth with the sisters of the Relief Society, and n regard to JQemple jwoxkieltGp4!ove said how much we should miss Sister Lind-- . woman's heart when it is the abode of and Said mercy- reached put to every one. labored anioiujus .say and others who have p.res- - so-lou- -- .' I - : " . Semi-monthly- . "' 1 1 y was-continua- . l , . Sing-ing."- ,T-h- - , 1 m-pan- y. , 1 "herto-attemH- ' he . b . . w-a- s ' ; . - : - , . - -- . . e 