the llaijt m ''J-- lands, of tjte . CON'TICN TS: s..",n M t Keif?' S Her 7, ,k" II -- .. . ... r ..Kicha !;. I. M. II. Lidk-s- V n Sec. .!!. I . ' T I I aln 1. R S. Reports. I I TheGitt L I). ' II The 4'ainKr Day N. V. Richars. Near Farewell . . . ....... TI1K PASSING DAY. ' Evening shadows tell the story, jnore day hath joined the past, Minted with the ages hoary, -- All had firstTiay, will have last ,' L. L JAN ANT What the record made or written, " And His wisdom finds theright .LUYIAN DIARY. antede-luvia- n Yours, L. M. II. I a hundred years old. Ah Today How blissful are the feelings of boy me ! hood My .'senses are as acute as the - tree with the shrinking leaf. My blood bounds river pours 4hr;gk ny yins ns thein its stiength through the valley, rejoicing r Life lies b.efore me, like another plain of Sliinar vast, unoccupied, inviting, I will fill it with achievements and pleasures , In about sixty years it will 'be timejtp think of marrying; my kinswomen Zillah, will by that time have emerged from "girlhood; '. she already gives promise of comeliness and discretion. Twenty years hence I will pay a visit to her parents, that I may see how she has grown. Mean while. I will build a city to receive her. A city to do her honor when she becomes my wife. i-rf- From the verdict earth doth render, Many a broken heart will turn; Faith, trusts Father's love "more tender, rn ! Patient waits the truth to learn. This the secret 'mid life's sorrows, When a dark cloud veils the sun, -- I Past probation, there's a morrow, Gu i ami Angels say, Well Done. 7 H. W. N ! ; NEAR THE G: Tu ! i'Kh-1- r;T I I K. WILFORI) NVOODKMFF ON HIS MNK Hi .ill BIRTHDAY, 1ST MAHCM iSijJ. ; iav,red Propherof the Lord mosf high, So near th ai standest to the Holy Gate," Which entrance to the Great Tribunal leads, Where sit m council o'er the world's affairs And things respecting worlds innumerable ' The El;hei!n, Jelwvah, God and Christ, rhat as we4ook on thoughts revert To Moses, u hen, upon Mount Sinai, He talked with God, and" then to Israel, We listen for thy voice to spak Go Ts word b'lito His chosen sons and daughters now, As Moses ike to Jacob's children then. . sp u tlu-er-n- -- j ' . . ; i ! r ' ! ! ! ! Nut out 6;' Egyptbut from every land LTsrael gathered in this latter time; Not uni, c maau, bjt to I )eseret, : Alaiid if of peace promise and Toa!Lwha love and serve tfWonc true Gnd; And thousands still are gathering year by year, But ah too much like ancient Israel j ' j i i i : irtechiess and stubborness of vvillj Oft hpuhis from receiving precious gifts blessings which the Lord vvou'd fain bestow. Teach us; thou friend oTGod to better know understand and serve and worship "Him. -- Teach .wshurnjhty; and plead for us, 1 " 4; ; - f I I - light-winge- ; , t . - . ' . . : hearts may softened be, and pure; ihat uemay follJW closelyafter thee,; , nd With thee starjdat last, inside the gate. And now I feel the approach of age and infirmity. My head has tecome white as the blossoms of the almond tree, I am constrained to use a staff when I journey; the stars look 'less- bright .than formerly; the llowers smell less odorous. I have laid Zillah my beloved in the tomb of the fock. Mileah' is the wife of Mahaleel and all are gone to their own dwellings. My sons take my place in .the council and iu.Uie field,--al- l is changed, . The long future has become the short past. The earth is full of violence; the ancient and the honorable are sinking beneath the young and the vicious. 'Tile giants stalk' through the length and breadth of the land, where once dwelt a quiet people; all now is changed. The beasts of the field and the monsters, of the deep growl with unwonted fury; traditions, visions and threalenings are abroad. What fearful" doom hangs over this I know not: it is enough that I am leaving it; yet another five or eight score years, and the tale will be told, completed. But have I in very deed trod thi earth nearly a thousand years ? It is false; I am I have had yet a boy. dreamsaye long, of dreams, long, busy buying and selling, and tf giving in marriage; of building and planting;7 feasting md warring, sorrowing and rejoicing; loving and liaiing; butllfs" false to call it life. Go to has been a vision of the night and now that. I. am awake, I will forget it. "Lamech, my son. how long is it since we planted the garden of oaks beside the. river? Was it yesterday?" "My father dost thou sport ? These oaks cast a broad shadow when my sister Zenia carried me beneath them in her arms and wove me chaplets of their leaves." ThoMart right my son; and I atii growing oltfT Lead me to my mother's tomb and there leave me to meditate. .What am I the better for my past length of being ? Where will be its records when I am gonkr? They are yonder on all sides; will those massive towers fall? Wilb those golden plains become desolate? Will the children that call me father forget? The seers utter dark sayings upon their harps wdien they sing o the future. They say our descendants shall be of dwindled stature; that the years of their lives shall be contracted to the span of our childhood; but. what is that future to me ? I have listened tothe tales of paradise in the" blue distance I have seen the dark tops of the cedars. I have heard the solemn melodies of Jubal when he sat'ou the seashore, and the sound .of tbe Wave mingled with his harping. I have seen angels the visitants of mankind to earth. Yea, I have seen an. end of all perfection ; here, what is the future to me? .'.. ay, e Jtallour ..My eight hundredth birthday! : among;:the..thick boughs beneath which my mother laid me to sleep r.tid now I am a man in authority as well as in the prime of life. I lead out my trained servants, aim sit head of . the council. Jazed, my young est born, a lovely babe of thirty summers, that gave promise of long- life, is dead, but I have six goodly sons remaining, and my five daughters are fair and beautiful as their mother wheii I first met her in the Acacia. .watch-errove;yhere now stands one of my towers. They are the pride of the plain no less from their: requirements than their carries the picture beautyv No damsel the grace of Adah; from the fountain with Azu-- ! none can dry the summer fruits like. Miss A pa Woods, a Well known young bah- none can fashion a. robe like Mileah; London actress, has joined the Salvation none sing: and play the narp n ; xxajox, d Army. nor spin and weave like our - ! Hird-h- . Nearly three centuries have passed since my marriage.' Can it be true?' It .seems but yesterday since i sported Tike a young climb-- ; antelope around my father's tent, or, ing the dark cedars, nestled like a bird. , fair-world- : ! . -- Knglish work entitled the "Spirit and Man-- , ners of the Age," may be interesting to the numerous readers of your valuable publication. judgment mark each weakness, Oft condemn through feeble sight, Go'l knows all the heart,, its weakness, ' wife. . diary," from an old number of an Men in hi-- s ' Greene Richards. Tin: following " fragments of an Human wisdom can't decide, Many a soul deemed Heaven smitten, ' Kinds its crown '' the other side !" ot all for - )ne ! 19 ' Zenia. Mahaleel admires them. lie is rich and powerful he shall take his choice l . self-wi- ll . lr t'.'t i'.YfoncJit. steaJied and upheld 'vere xNo. ; - 1 L. L. Greene, MoV" UTAH, APRIL Shall triumph over all. opp'JMng powers. And may thy days and years be lengthened out To lead the Stints from underneath each ban, Which no a- eurtai's their etfjirts and their aims, ' To .victory and honor, full and free, When they are humbled", purified and cleansed From all thejr pride,' and covetotishess. And may they better learn to prize thy worth, To emulate thy meekness and thy faith,, To fully rust and truly "venerate. . Tlie man, who stands so near the Heavenly.Gate. In.Mtmo ian. Mf,ru ' Of Grandnn Frc S. .K. D. iliv Ctle ration. No cs And News Kinder arten. Pioneer Tiif 1, Edi'oria Note. ette I.aker Noa t rh ii;v: s Home, the State and the Nation. the. uy Aaron and by Hur u,o:.the mount, While Israel prevailed aga'irut her foes, So may thy w.n ., Ur , George and Joseph, stand Forever firm, a they l:;u e ever been, ' -Sustaining thee, while Israel of today Cr.me Wat on. C:uine Smith. The Kc rar.'zatio At U an r t kwii. 1. ! uvL ticti Pift day . t vi "An Mvers ity i Hir'J Pi rv u.!ci!c'uvi uj V 1 s.u'u.d Ira Power, to better SALT LA K K CITY, V. Get T il "'"on! ; : 