TiJU. WOMAN'S hXi'ONhM .'0 who were anxious to, meet her Primary .cockilly.pight nave the opportunity. Mrs... . ill ill' i t .were anor, s handsome j artistically :cripr;;V Hyde leaves and Boird, under, the decorated with beautiful-autumnia: " 01 lU President, an almost and fiury-likMrs.. Felt, presented . bought, lnve ' m arid i0 with the cordial welcome HcationT ir . l pub- appearance, Tc ' Fdt of the pleasing hostess and her sweet man, ' micecl tin fVt amiable l0.1 and the uercd afternoon daughters, reading ietf.r rm-Geo. even publishers, "J? L I Q. Can- was very enjoyable, though the storm u ouns This is the most fitting kept many of' the ladies from calling. - uuu cuuia oestowed by the Asso. ".",.ulAbout thirty, however, availed themselves wauou a one upon whose Inspired thought "of the privilege of.meeting snd chatting for tl,c a few moments with Miss Kearney,, who is KiWlh , '' "f the ")ts- . in. a social a delightful conversationalist' ;,'1' Cl"ldr,en ' n3t? rC3r!r? we.rc maik'. K way, as well as a wonderful public speaker. where those v i I t ' I r i ' "f : i i ? - armm- n 1 e " ad-ence-b- y 0) i . . tl J'' Tiie Central Hoard of the Primary vere served by beautiful Presiand irhls, young uem reu ana Her associates must have een highly .gratified by the good spirit an that eelmg was', manifest in all that wa said and done. ciations, Mrs. planned a very Asso- 1 'Louie Felt president, excellent entertainment in honorof Mrs. Aurelia S'' Rogers to.be held in the Fourteenth ward Assembly Hall on in the evening of her birthday, October this city. Preparations had been going on for soniv tfuie previous and the affairprov'ed B. A . a perfect success. Mrs. Rogers is the moral uplifting is a blessing to the world, and this Association reaches to the little ones, or should do, iu each ward in every Stake of Zion. The hall was beautifully and tastefully decorated- - in every available place with flowers and Autumn leaves and boughs wnicn gave a cnarming enect, ana the A. tables looked very attractive Mrs. Felt, her counselor, Mrs. IJllie T. Freeze and her secretary, Miss May Anderson and others associated with them, platform and Where there were so many things that deserved men tion it is rather difficult, to select, but the delightful paper prepared bv Mrs. Lillie T. Freeze and read by Mrs Maggie Bassett. It certainly" should be favorably noticed. was a history of the work in brief giving honor where honor was due, and was written in a very pleasing style and read in a The 4x1 per way that ail could appreciate. will, of course, be published and preserved on record. Mrs. Lucv A. Clark had written a sweet song which was sung during the evening and was one of the pleasing features of the entertainment. Mrs. Rogers, the recipient. of the honors, .was a picture and a study. It was pleasant to look at her as she partly reclined in her .easy chair (for she eatne from a sick bed to be present,) she was most becomingly attir-- . ed and her face always serene in repose was' a" index to the soul within, pure and spirit-ual. She received and responded to the .congratulations showered upon her with that ease, of manner charactejistic of the Spencers. That she was surprised when Sfle learned all that had been done was apparent, yet there was no. outburst, nor" special demonstration." The children who took part in the (antj it would not have been complete without children) rendered their exercises in. a very satisfactory and delightful way, w the best of selections had been made. Mrs. Rogers had for some time been of publishing, her life and also .the ongm, development and progress of the , . -p- . - ro-gram de-slr.o- - , . - - - . i- w w - more thnu the amount of the taxes; capital, naturally, timid, has not looked this way with favor! and business men generally have felt to the tinnst extent the voracity ,of. the tax moiis"-ter which consumed so much of the profits of their enterprise and toil, For the present year-thcity's income has been partially anticipated and used a vicc ArGrU lare n,. . ,.c ...i- - . t. taxes will f"t K's sIiuM only 'for I'orlio" ofthe h" needcd Proply KO sahd dollars. t)er year, commencing with ib()b, must be raised as a sinking fund for the payment of our municipal debt, which, as a fitting climax to these fiuanciat woes, may be announced as reaching the over 2,509,000. Besides all other evils that come from this condition of publ ic a flfai rs,- '- the -- city- is -- pre vented - from -doing necessary work in preserving and enonn-oussum- of ?i!f!!nff ti1.Lun'cjPBjmProveiuenti sequence of which is that the city's j)rogress of Salt Lake City nbo'ish-gretfull- y ike -- maimer r Kvi:kv taxpayer is an investor, every is stopped." resident a shareholder in the government of This'is a gloomy yet a truthful picture. his city. Alf are directly interested iu its Happily we believe a remedy and relief can prosperity and 'advancement. Shortsighted be had. The situation calls for the Inchest' o and selfish h he who makes 'any other in- - I patriotism; men of undoubted integrity and terest paramount to the public welfare: "T business :ability must be called to office re- desperate is. the condition of any municipal- - gardless of politics and every other considerity where cliques or rings or. incompetence ation save the capacity for the "duties re- or partisanship control in official affairs, quired. and business methods become subordinate We affirm it as a correct principle and to personal or political advancement. In one that should prevail henceforth, that the dustry languishes, extravagance runs riot, government of this city should be taken jer- patriotism is repressed, the honest pride of manently out of politics and put wholly on a business basis. Party administration in citizens dwindles and the people suffer. We hold it to be necessary to state, re- - municipal affairs should !e forever yet plainly, certain facts with ed. This is no experiment, no new. doc- reference to the condition of public affairs iu trine. The best governed cities of tlie Old Salt City. It is better to tell the truth I World have made it 'triumphant, the Ian-- " . known throughout Zionas originator of the Primary Associations, very creditable RINGING ADDDRSS To th? People which have been such a blessing and bene fit not only to the children, but to many of the parents; whatever is a spiritual or a i t next year's' neeessury . expenditures. In flmvers aWition to'ordiuary expend fifty thiou- - ,0ye,tu:"ZTT.,Bm: .i in utiiLiuus reiresnments ' BIRTHDAY KNTKRTAINMHNT.' -- - J now, even ntlke ctQfLadvfJlisii3gjQur. .e5LandJiifsAp.ri misfortunes, than by concealment and in- - are struggling successfully with the 'same will activity to rush swiftly to further sufferings, problem. The hand of thf ff n all muni. Heavy debts, mcreaseof offices, large in the near future lie shaU n salaries and consequent excessive taxation cipal affairs, party p A' municipal Lrkc have made the burdens upon the people un campaigns will have tv) t :t ft in be should the 'it i'tl.", yjvxl ie- bearable. In iSqo the aggregate of taxa City ' tion in Salt Lake City was eleven mills; in form. Its business should U by mills. men of jitiir-business exhalf and approved 1Sg7.it is twenty seven a.nd one servants and employ res should will Its cover not Even this enormous figure perience. current expenses at their present volume; be selected for these qualification md no and when to this is added that the . valua- - others, just as any private or corporate tion on which the assessment is made is in business, of which'the municipality is after IS very many irstances greater than the property all but' the larger .counterpart, s worth there will be none to dispute that shareholder has the right to demand this iu Salt Lake Citv bears a burden heavier than the one case as .well as in the other; the land. Depreciation highest success and the best results can be almost any city in values since 1890 has gone hand in hand achieved in no other way. Iheretore, we who have signed our with increase in expenses; the ease with been expended is names to this address, affirm and hold to which niiblic money- has ... t.: t rr,1 . i. ,i anu ueciarauons: only to be compared with tne aimcuiry ine- inese principles That party politics have no necessary All things people have had in supplying it. connection with municipal management: considered, the statement is fairly susceptiThat only such persons should be select- ble of proof.tlat taxes have increased more.' office as are honest, effici- than two hundred per cent during the seven ed for municipal has ent and willing to devote ,the requisite time years wrhile the prevailing depression manv' times multiplied the difficulties of the to the public service, having no unneces- The load thus rplaced upon ttne sary deputies or assistants: tqYmVpr v""r-- -' t Who will conduct public sffairs oh econ- r 11 iias Pirnpr ana been and is grievous to be borne; among omicaland strictly business principles: Who will levy "no higher taxes than are the poorer classes Mt has in many cases Public absolutely needed for.public expenses: amounted to virtual confiscation. Who will reduce salaries to figures cona more conserv-ntiv- e improvements which under oolicv might have 'been prosecuted, sonant with financial conditions, paying such compensation for "public services, and thus furnished employment to many only in or as would be paid in private business: have had to be postponed people, Who will treat public trust as an honor r e iu S been the only - suf- insf iuc jiav ' conferred, not an opportunity for privat gain. ferers. Investments have been discouraged ui.m H 1 it t! .... .. in-th- e - - I - . nome-owne- - 1 . r , 