WOMAN'S KX PUNK NT Tn iiWoman4 National, Press --Associa--;lion transacted a good- deal :of .mnejnijy. Rksqi.ViCIv That the magnificent vote in California (110,000 in lrage to 1 1.7,000' opposed; being a juajginy of the 'votes of the entire State outside of San Francisco and Oakland, show that the heart and conscience of the people are with us, and we recommend the immediate re- "mRTHDAY CKI,KttkATI(). lavor-c);-.omaiysuf-- enjoyable, and to those whojurticipated-iit, a long to be remembered event took place, at the" new .residence of Sister Julia Ives Pack, the. occasion being the eightieth anni versary "of the. birthday of that estimaAbout 3 p. m. those of Sisble, lady. ter Pack's children who reside here, with a few- - others of the family surprised, with them good wishes and good .cheer. The afternoon was spent in pleasant converse and ""reminiscences of other days, until just as the .shades of evening fell a burst of song from an adjoining room heralded the arrival of the grandchildren A swelling the number to forty-two- . bountiful' feast was. quickly spread and after all had partaken, the coy parlors were again sought and a pleasing program-- carried out, consisting of songs, recitations and speeches. The latter were rescinded to in a feeling manner by MotherPack; also A ljy Sister Ruth M. Pack pleasing in the program was the reading cf feature address a poetical by Sister Laura C, Pack; also an historical sketch in verse, of events in: Sister Packs life, followed by a brief historical address ' from the-'- pen of Pres't. Ward K. Pack, for the benefit of the younger members of the family. With many happy wishes and kind good nights, the party separated feeling that, such reunions are as a rich oasis in the arid journey of her,-bringin- g ' the-same- . 197. . rt - And bravely, yes nobly you've earned it, Through scenes of aiilicUon and strife. Have e'er been a fondloving mother, ' A noble and true, loving wife. Your hand has- been free to the needy r . STo give succor to the poor and oppressed; The suffering and needy have blessed you For you've cheered them in sorest distress. , - s' And again clasp the warm, loving hand. ' -We' will dolill we can to make welcome Arrjddfappy while with. us they stay, VavU1 have a reunion to strengthen And comfort us each on .our way. And we trust that each will look forward To the Grand Reunion to come, And hope we may welcome each other Again in our Great Father's home. are givtn to societies sending students. For further particulars communicate " : 75 we thank Mr. Washingof Durham, N. C.,.and cordially R.K.THOMAS SL Removed to 48 and 5') Main SALT LAKE CITY. : Retail The Leading G a sh oils e R.K.THbMAS I--I otla uajxarLoruTJ urrinruinjii mnnsinrtsu ru in .5.,; I r lie Tmins . THE RESOLUTIONS. - Rksolvkd, That the National American Woman "Suffrage Association is. and- - will and appeals to continue to be .men of all parties to secure suffrage for women: Rksolvkd. That we, rejoice in the establishment during the past year of full woman suffrage by the States of Utah and .Idaho making with Wyoming and Colorado, four free states for .women, ", - -- -F- and Children's Protective Agency; Rev. J. A. Roudthaler, D. I)., on Woman Suffrage; Mrs. Jennie C. Hutchins, on Current Sufr frage Events; Mrs. helen E. Starrett, on Asking for her Share of Power; Mrs. Mary Knowles Bartlett, on The Woman Question in Mrs. -- Ward's Marcella " and"14 Sir George Tressady;" Dr. Julia Holmes Smith, m The, Woman Question in Mere- dith's " Diana of the.Crossways." Ex., 41 i -- - Sv ; t v ' (1 111 n ii n ii111111111 1 1 arrive S;ilt. I. 'kc vfl'ect March 1, l.Sl7)i W. Hi. DEl'AKT. for Llmiu-il''- ' lx)U)s. omaha, 15 ... 7:00 ;m.' .7:0 J p in. twelve hours quicker to all h any other line. Htxjve poi ir J ' ARRIVE: "T ie 0 verlft rni : Lira eiLL' : I rom Ch i o'KO, Si. Lfju.s, Onwha, Kan-a- s Citv", 3:10 pm. IXnveralHlrarkXJity .. . .... "The Fast iaik'? fiom Chicvfrn. 'fit' Paul, St. Ixuis, Omaha, Ka nsas Gity-aIVnver . ti.W a.m.- 7 1;, oi '. Telephone No. 6fi5. The only lint ofen.ting Through Pullman Palace SleefH'i, Library, Buffet' Smoker, Dining-OarsTourist Sleepers anl Free Reclining Vh.u ' ; Cars. Fruin tliree-t- 1 1 1 i ( . ful-Ip- v. Chirac,, KniD-- ..,. JH-nve- JIU. y e Citv . Denver and Park City ... "The Fat Mni'," lor Uh!caKo, St. 'Louis 'O'iiiaha,. Kansiis city and Thi Chicago Political Equality league closes its public meetings; for the season with an all day meeting Saturday, April 3rd, at the Woman's Club Hall. Forenoon session at 10.30; afternoon at 2.30; Among the speakers will be Mrs. Florence Kelly, on- Women and Children- in act--oties; Mrs. W. II. Rand, on the Women's i Overlfliul hi. NOTES AND NEWS. It-a- ' jln iTJi? '..' t a I (IV Ul " " ' : KLIJS R.SHiPP M. D Center St Salt Lake City Utah. . r":-- non-partisan- Obstetrics Special .terms ' ; " - We hope when the 'warm Summer breezes Again shall kiss our fair land, 11 KR -- Dear mother, we lovingly greet thee This day of thy eightieth year, J: '" In thy snug little home so .cosy and neat And near to, thy children so dear )uc:4ovei--6n.eKwill--oie44m4o4- : 11 On Monday April 12th ISq7 with improved facilities or instruction in this important study. . TO OUR MOTHER. . KG I.N . ton Duke-appreciate the gift of $1,00,000 to' Trinity collet of that State on condition that, .women shall receive the equal advantages' ' ' '. r with meu..:., Rksolyki), '.Whereas it is stated that .Miss Stahlnacker alone has passed the civil service examination lor translator of . mod- em languages in the office of the United States Adjutant Geneial, which requires ability to speak and write six modern languages, and to translate one to the others and Whereas, the Adjutant General refuses to appoint her. solely because she is a man,.. ' therefore, be it ResolvKD, That we respectfully petition the national executive to enforce the principle, oftctvil service refornriirirppl ication" toiler appointment; Resolved, That we thank the Iowa Senate for their courtesy in inviting the Convention to present its claim. before.. that honorable bodv; Resolved,' That we thank the people v of Des Moines for their generous hospitality to the deh gates in attendance on this convention; to the newspapers of the city for their full and fair report, and to the railroads of the country for reduced rates; to Frank .A. Walden for the use of a typewriter; to the Kimball Piano Co. for the use of a piano ; ' nov here with us, Though some are Though mountains and vales intervene, We know their Hearts with ours unite .To crown their clear mother, a queen. 11 Class: in with nl -- . (ir TicKi:roim .tiainm. . ..... ,.--- " , ELLIS R, SHIPP, D.H. ,WJLL Rksolyi;i, That , ed Clara H. Colby and XarrieV liaVi committee to draft a memorial to the Presi. deiit, asking his good office in securing the impartial execution of the civil service laws, and that the chiefs of divisions be no longer "allowed to discriminate against women in the .selection of clerks. . " J . 1 . - life. March 12th, j -- ' . , submission of the question: R ksoi. v K iV, T Im t vt w i - con ti n ue to petition Congress. to protect women citizens in their right to vote by a sixteenth constitutional amendment and every other form of appropriate, legislation. Rtsoi,VKD,l hat we urge each b.tale soci- ety to memorialize its legislature at every session for lull legal and political equality for women in every form, and to secure ' hearings in its behalf. RE&oi.VKi), That as representatives of the women of America, we are opposed to the lxirbarism of war: ve declare our hearty approval of the treaty of arbitration letveen the United States and Great Britain, and we respectfully1 call upon our senators to ratify 1 ' 1 S. H. H. CLARK, OLIVER W. MINK', E. ELLERY ANDERSON, .JOHN V. DOANE, FREDERICK R. COUDERT, . Ryetivtrs. E. L. LOMAX, G. P. & T. Agt. K. DICKENSON, Gen. Manager. II. M. CLW, Gvneial Aent - : ' j 