'OMAN'S .EX 1'ONENT. 2r: 1 Editor, JiMMKUXK 'J. WHLLS, Mtf'S iyjs.IS 'Published one copy o:u; ye.ir, Ji.oo; one copy six months, reduction ina'ie for clubs. City papers deliv50cts. ered by mill, extra for postage one year, 25 ct.V. A'lvertisiZ rites: K.ich square, ten lines of nonpr.reil dis..space one time, 4.30;- per month, 3.00. A liberal count ' EXPONENT ottice. Room .308 Tcmp'.eton, South Temple Street. Hn:sne Lours lrom 10 a. in. to 5 p. in. every -- . J day, except Sunt!.!). Address all business communications to It tWvknow what substantial justice is. . the icj vfiid'th?'' substantial iustice" was at PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT,. expense of precedent. It has always seemed, Salt Lake Cit?, Utah. for women to act as jurors and in proper Lake CtiA.tt in Salt City, 'est the Ofue Enttrtd at of those to - -- cta.,.5T-beJpVvjw- ; Recently - regular advertisers.'. 'hand .m;, on ing aim lecumg me.nceuy, ana caring j ; the sick and dying, and doing all kind.-charitable work, comforting tlie mouri-- T and those bowed down with sorrow, and ii that is included in being a help in every' time of need, all these the good sisters of LeUi have done and have never fail a The growth and development of meml rs of the Society in the intellectual progress cannot be over estimated, and the advau. tiges and benefits afforded to women win labor in tins Society are not anpreci.lcd nor can they be until one is fully inili tied in the work practically. President Mary-Johof Utah Stake, and her counselor, Manila Daniels, weie.'in Lehi to attend the meeting and "also the writer from Salt Lake City. Many subjects "of interest were.sp upon and Bishop Cutler gave good conn.''. seJ and encouragement to the sisters,. dwell-inemphatically upon home industries, and giving some, potent facts. The remarks women have been serving as is said they jurors in the state of Idaho, and it were a success, the. pn:ss correspondence sa s much iu. their favor, we quote: "The women jurors in Idaho lmVe made a good le- - No have e, ciish' and sundries EDITORIAL NOTES. City, Utah. in Salt Terms: to uthr-ineivhaudis- Ctntribttttr LA.SSO.V xOs'Hf.U.,), bfini-m.j;i'.il- 'maintain such dignity, as will keep others in countenance, tliat uio cu). ma look with pride upon its new officials. 4iiid 1 testimony Wyoming according; acquainted with the facts, women were successful jurists as well as judges; and if there deC:tv,. Noyeuukk i 15, .Salt why not elsewhere. At any rate it is voutly to be hoped they would do as well or ' better than in some recent cases in Utah THE LATH ELECTION". where men only were on the jury. Men in almost every matter where So many Stirling events have transpired and women required also Sister Daniels and others were stimtw within the last few days that one is at a less wisdom and good 'judgment both' have equal lating and inspiring,' and Sisters IE AJacobs to select from amo:;g them those most not- do the best work where and Jones who had recently returned, from able of record. The municipal election was opportunity. visiting in England and Vale,s each gave' a one worthy, of retention and of serious conon At the residence of Dr. C. F. Wilcox sketch of her experience while away which sideration; a new feature of the occasion Thursday, October 26, a very pleasant .was very interesting. There were two movement made by was the party of old friends and acquaintances' met meetings, morning and afternoon, and reform the lor citizens purpose-oprominent by invitation of Mrs. Wilcox arid i mllc1 LrCt)d instruction was civen that can: together was Great ' m the city government. pains Sister passed an agreeable afternoon and evening. not fail to help the work along. 'women and. both citizens taken by leading MciLSSa Willis, a veteran in the Church and l lie conversation was mosuy remiiusceni, men to disseminate information in regard to varied somewhat by current topics of the ,i the Society was present in the afternoon the condition, of affairs under party admina was tea five o'clock The delightful and bore a strong testimony.' The Society did day. of the istration, and though the delicious viands in Lehi is not a whit behind any other and entertainment, part not ekct the entile ticket nominated, yet served in the most appetizing style, and is' in a We fed very prosperous condition. the people had an object lesson that will be. withal the usual easy table-talwhich to congratulate Sister Staudring, the very ' W come hervicable . t . t C Cvrf-tl- t t n . rr ruMl floif fri f.1C .1. fV success on "w" ner me aoie "'"""K laoorsauu .vrwwwU.v j presiueiu, The outlook at any rate is more hopeful wholesome. was some tea tuere Alter altending them, and the entire band of sis .than it would lu;ve been if no movement music and a lew words "fitly spoken"" by ters united in the grand and nobleWork of for a reform in this .regard. had been made. Sister Zina who expected to Jeave the city caring for the meek and humble of the Better men have 'been selected possibly and -T "earth: in the mat then the more thouuhtailucss exercised "0 My. Father" was, sung ter of voting. The "women of the city have and socialhymn chat indulged in for a short time. RELIEF SOCIETY CONFERENCE. had another opportunity to exercise the The were Sisters Zina D. II!. Young, guests is aware of the . franchise, and' wheivone Sarah M. Kimball, Bathsheba W. Smith, the Tni? October generaP conference-of- large percentageof Women voters in this Mary Ellen Kimball, Maria Burton, MarRelief Society was held in the large Tabercity it is very strange that neither of the P. Young, Margaret-Taylor, garet women nominees were elected. It is our Maria W. nacle in this city October 7, commencing Elizabeth J. Stevenson, Wilcox, opinion that the women .whose names were" Lucy W. Kimball, E. B. Wells and Elder at 10 a. m.f Mrs. Zina I). II. Young presidon the t'ekets, Republican and Ezra Stevenson, These with the yciing ing. Of the general officers present rhere. Democrat! .were as vell qualified to fill the Doctor and his amiable wife made fourteen were besides tne president, Jane S. Richoffices as the men who were the contestants ards,, Bat':sheba W. Smith, Counselors; E. " and were elected. These women were all at table instead of the superstitious thirteen. The party was in every .respect a success B. Wells", R. B. Pratt, secretaries; M. 1. canreliable, conscientious and suitable as for the absent ones who had been, Home, treasurer. Quite a number of presexcept didate. idents of the Relief Society Stake organizaexpected, Sisters M. I. Uorne, J. C. Howe officers for for the The , tions were present and a city government congregaand Dr. Ellis R. Such delightful the ensuing term are Mayor, John Clark. N. occasions cement Shipp. tion. Meeting opened by singing "Ve the bonds of love and " D. II. Recorder,' Backman; .thank Thee 0 6od for a Prophet. ' Prayer sympathy and make us feel to do' as Shake-"sper by Elder Lucius erhasisa' trulsiid-.C. Hall, D. Police Justice, J. B. TimmonyJ Roll called, 2? presidents and ' the fri nds thpu hast, and their adopfon tri d D. Auditor, George Swan, N. ?. Council representatives present. Minutes of April to . men there were. four three Grapp'e them thy so J with hoops of tee!." conference read and approved. An anniversary meeting of the Relief Republicans and eight Democrats. President Z. D. II. Young spoke a few necessaof This variety parties is better Society of Lehi was held on Monday Oct. minutes and welcomed the sisters affection-ately- ; one of were than all if rily political faith, 24, in the hall of the Society, Mrs. Rebecca told the sisters she" loved them ,as and the men aie, very likely to watch each Standring presiding. The president, after well as she was ' capable of loving, and apother pretty close and with the educational the opening exercises, referred briefly to preciated their labors and works of charity teaching recently given "on the platform and the work of the Society since its organizaand love. Sheremembered very well when in various other ways public and private tion and the results numerically, financially President You ngjirst spoke of ibuildin g.the. -- the coram uni i cnarnaDie ana spiritual, lhe Society was Tabernacle in avMpKavp vre 'holding con how things go; they are not at all likely :"to organized twenty. nine years ago, and at ference, heard him talk with the brethren forget the warnings that have been given, that time there were in all ninefeelv mem about it and tell them his plans. She. also and they have suffered enough from mis- bers enrolled including the five officers, and referred to his putting his cane, down iato management in the past to- - be on, their during the time, which has elapsed since tbe the ground and saying here is the very srot guard in the future agaiiist intrigue and number has increased to over three him wbere the Temple and Tabernacle will oe corruption in city affairs. At any rate. we urta; men tney Had a lew carpet rao-- and built. Sister of Young also described someor- should look on the bright sidejf possible, patches for quilts, now they ()WU ver her. feelings when she entered into the and believing tliere is a strong and safe man 1 nice, comfortable hall and rtvr der of celestial marriage, felt that- she was at the helm, trust he will set things right also hundreds of bushels of grain and much renouncing the world and laying her all up seconi-clat- i n.aittt , k-e- Lk n g . non-partisa- n -- f ( non-partisan- s '.'..'. m-tim- k ' I '1 1 1 v.-- i 1 V 1 i . 1 . t. . 1 " ? -- i50on-on-a-visit-- - to .. : Y. Non-Partisa- n, " fair-size- d i Trea-sua'rJ.v- kl af ' Non-Partisan- , -- ' s, . ty-w- : .! ... - ...... .... ,: i I s 9 - J I . : 