, WOMA The Ballot ni the far v ... Clio .Vrfh I f, A Hons- -. inn I , Pioneer Wmn in Inti mation i . Semi-Monthl- y. In Munori.iiti. H. Bull, See'y. I'. A. Reports MCt lii --Z- iii.i R. S AnM Two Pleasant Parties. Ktlitori-a- ! Notes. , S )".::! Victoria The Great Ruth M. FOX. - Alfred Austin.' VICTORIA THK GUT; AT. i;v ruK.M AU-'Rl-l- AUSTLN, ATK. ' York, June Xi:v. 16. I'UKT In its I.AUKK- - forthcomi- ng issue, the Independent, under the headline "Victoria the Gteat," will publish the" fallowing oe:u written for that paper by Alfred Austin, poet laureate of .England; - alout her brow, ' placed a scepter in ?.x hand, Ana bud rang out a nation's vow, '' God spare the lady of the land." h-- . y And now the Cl'irkou' Calls onre iMorfi And again June's roses blow.,--- r And round her. throne her people Recalling sixty years ago. ,ur shareder subjects' bane and bliss, Welcomed the wise, the base withstood, And taught by her clear life it is True greatness to be good. while for peace she wrought and prayed gathering now from near from far, From rule where never sets the day, ' t From .Southern Cross a d Northern Star. l; hearts and pray. Longer and longer may she reigm, As through a summer night serene, Whence day doth never wholly wane; God spare and bless our empress-queen- . A : gatt- :ljjL' 1 uu- young girl stood at the garden oT 852.Sliewas.dre5sedinholiday.. Mhere had been a celebration and date. - : rehearsal of an amounts to about oft-repeate- ' Tift'pression:t)n her face' was Tather 1 ot a him, and put obstacles ;m ttte way econctiiation.; He;1 went home miserable same result-nothi- ng." ' rniix-- is no harm vou consider i those who profane the name of their rlaker; who make demons of that which should be second only to the angels; who break the hearts of their parents, their sisters and wives; and above all, wdio set such a perilous example' for- - my little brother to follow? For shame, John Hep- -- -- lar." He sat "looking at her stupidly as she It poured out this torrent of hot words. was an unusual thing for Grace Alison to express herself so forcibly, being noted for Her equable temper, and the event seemed to daze liim.-- When she had' finished he answered quietly. " Well Grace, I grant there is truth in what you say , especially the example part, though I own I have never thought of it in thatdight before. I remember I promised you to forsake my old companions, and I have not done so. In relation to the other matter, I have not been able to see through I have tried your it, as. you predicted. plan faithfully, and must say that J. am as much in the dark as ever.. You and I might j ust as well gi ve ti'p ihat scheme, and try to be happy without so much religion thrown in. ' ' " Do" you mean to say,' ' said Grace, slowly and with an effort,- " that you have thrown aside all hope of being able to see and embrace the faith of your father and mother of your staunch faithful father, a n d your brave devoted mother ?" Tarn sorry to say that is my lamentable " condition," he replied .sadly. ; . g. Tv-n- lr the play, and " You are hard on a fellow," he mutter- ed, I own I acted foolishly, but. I did no harm, unless to myself," " No harm,'' exclaimed the; girl, "do -- f ' j g He looked eagerly among Jhe" crowd Yes congregated under the great bowery. sure enough, there she was.jmd dancing, though he could not deny that she looked grave and troubled. She was nothisdancing relief with Charlie Benson, much to sat He but with an elder, married brother. down in a corner to watch, and nurse his misery, neither occupation proving very for an .oppor-t- n agreeable. He sought later tn Grace, but was not ' sue- r tuii-- HIIRT QF GOLD. afthe' twilight hour of the ath day ;.gU!yl 3- - p-r- s:t' merry-makin- BY CLIO. A.FAi-- 2- . - bore the trident, wore the helm, And mistress of the main she made An empire ol her'island realm. Her people lift their No i . She So . op-jxjsi- te the goodly days between, Glory and sorrow-- , love and pain, The wife and mother, widowed queen, T. e loftiest as the longe-- t reig. et restlessly, . l L' rSr- - e,mmdi m,1 .v.,f,',..r P '"mi ulu lit that condition iuauoiuer. for .severai davs. When he thought lu- (let:! r Um-s.? onu neu, as. sue could endure it no longer, he summoned caught gat ot a. horseman m 3:e distance! all his cuurage, went boldly to her father's "iMa.u.tly.iollowed-ba look of impatience asked' to see her. and house; as she he was :iot alone. Miss Alison 'received her in the A Oh.-ikaI" she sighed, '"' why will stateliest and coolest mannerguest compatible John associate With those Adams' boys. with was quite evident It good breeding. Kver body .knows they are the worst, boys that poor John had' offended deeply the in town, yet he will i:t UTneudiug girl who held the first Iace in his affecthem. It puts me out of all patience." tions. Being somewhat prepared for his iy tuis tune the horsemen were nearly present reception from previous experience, oppoMte"where Grace was standing. They. he was not so abashed as one would e- came alon at mil gallop, whooping at the ect; and being also couiageous in many y,r their top voices,, ciirvetlmg here and ways, he at. once plunged headlong - into. -there and cutting all .sorts .f antics. They the subject which had brought him there. did not see the girl until they were close he said ".Grace," eagerly, MI am upon her, or it is quite" likely they would 'ashamed of my conduct on the I'ourth. I" have exhibited better Miavior,' As it was know I have offended you, and have come they drew up their horses sharply, bowed to ask your pardon." in a shamefaced manner, and made out as " And if I grant it," she said, in a a)!, even tone, made" so by a great effort, though they would slop and engage in conversation. Grace looked straight at them,1 What guarantee have I that the same of and as they thing will not be withoutJLjsign recognition, on the very walkon her turned and next heel, approached, holiday. You have been ashamed so ed away toward- the house. many times John have, offended " Humph !" exclaimed Joe, the eldest of and been forgiven soHeplar, often, that it is like the hat-youn- And all iie :1a:::ced JULV r; r5 the Adams', "proud as Lucifer, ain't she? S'pose she's ashamed qf us. All right Miss Alison," when I attempt to speak to you again, it will be a long time from now." Come Jack lets go down to the Square," A way he galloped, followed closely by his brother, neither noticing, in their headlong haste, that John Ileplar did not follow them, i gentleman, completely sobered by the. cool treatment they had just received, rode slowly away in an direction. Several times "he reined in his horse, on the point of turning back and seeking an interview with Grace; but as often he changed his mind, being ashamed of his conduct and afraid of her scorn. It had been Iris intention to invite Grace to theTpartyT but he had fallen in with his evil genii who had towed him about-a- ll day, until they had made him half drunk ile resolved now and wholly miserable. to stay-a- t home,- and not show himself at the party at all. He flung himself down upon his bed, but he could not sleep. The demon of jealousy took possession of him; he felt that he must know if Grace had gore, and who had been her escort. If it was that Charlie Benson, his blood surged hotly through his veins at the bare thought, and he lelt as if he should smother. He arose quickly, puton his hat, and started for the scene of . 'I J UXIC , re-enact- was-o- n They e,irt a crown an anxious qrte, as she , hrst in ,.ni wircction vuwi : , 4 ." the summer lawn, The rose-- , bloomed the woods were green, ,Vhen forth there came as fresh as dawn. A ni;iJ- Ti with majestic rnitn. The dew n i r Old Folks Meeting.-- T:ie Pion er "KutTOkiA Jubilee. A Pioneer Woman's Birthday. 'o.' tkY: .'t t r,,h i - .CON'TKNIh: Ih .ut of Gold 1 SALT LAKH. CITY- UTAH. "1 : t PMTI v, of the Wom.vef Hiiv.d$ 1 -- - - " ...". Then J.ofctH. JEIeplaXy- - xolc--- trembled a little, and a mist obscured her; M We may just as well say good bye sight, ... , 