WOMAN'S BRIGHAM'TQUNP'S BIRTHDAY. Woman's Exponent BMMEUNE WE IIS. D, --  PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, Salt Lakr City, Utah. Entered at the Post Ofice in Salt Lake City, Utah, at iecod-4Uii- , matter S ... . - Li Cirv Ji SiLr THE NEW nk i,. 1897. V.OLL-'ME...-" How glad we should be if we could say the new volume commences under auspicioutous circumstances or withlook, but unfortunately it is not so, and yet the women of the community could only realize the value of having a paper of their own it might very different. We krow there is always a faithful few who are prompt in payments.aud who would rather do without something else so that they might help sustain a home periodical. All our sisters must be aware by this time, having been frequently reminded through these columns, that there is great need of extra exertion the midst of finanon their part just now-in to maintain Iheii own cial depression .if -- li . ' journal. We will not recount all the disadvantages that have brought nbouf the present need of money, t.tut uiey are iM apparent to the editor,, yet would not look well iirprint) but we would urge upon the s'sters in the 7Church7iatrtx;5Tc ..that great organization of women that was founded more than fifty, I've years ago,. that they strive with .greater diligence to increase theurculation of theirjnvn official organ; the President of ever branch of the Relief Society should consider it her duty to appoint a committee to canvas the ward in which she presides, and to urge upon the' there is of sustaining sisters the paper in fhe interest of women and of the Society at home and abroad. One sister from writing recentJEx ponent ly to the editor, said that the ' v: was like a i g h t 'set on adrift. Sister Young, the President of this'great - and grand Relief Society, has said, over and over and has. published over her own signature that no woman is expected to preside over the Relief Society who does not' have "a copy, of the paper, which is the official organ. If the President, herself is not able to pay for"a- copy, then the rnoiiey . - y the-necessit- : - 1 "' . - .should: pose beraisitidht ';..-- : C; .'' Remember now is tue beginning of the volume of the paper,' and it is twenty-sixt- h ti me to rene w subscri ptions an d for he w su to commence to take- it. We do sister who will do so wilb not believe any the.: miss ol ever ;the subscription; aT price will editor the rate endeavor to do her any part, and the. reader must recollect that she uses the best material .that is furnished and strives editorially to maintain a high standard of purity and juor.il .excellence. ers ! ' Lion House, where the greater part .of tlf. family of President ;Yung lfved;sQ years, 'where so many social events h(1,ve been celebrated, and where hundreds' of strangers have been entertained by this remarkable man and by members of his family, notably Sister Eliza R. Snow, the, poet both President and. author, and Young and Sister Eliza 'died and seural other members of the family. It was in this house many- of Sister Eliza's ikr :ik t ' were written, and also there the girls and . : 11 1. ,i ooys in men yuuiu uuu cuuuiioou Had many parties and private theatricals. President Young organied In the Young girls of his own family into an Association for mutual improvementand spiritual elevation and advancement in knowledge and wisdom, and that they might obtain a more correct understanding of the principles of lite, and salvation and 1 testimony of the truth of the Gospel. This association has grown and flourished until' now it numbers many thousands. - Tim anniversary of President Young's birthday was celebrated under the auspices of the Young Family Association at the Published ivinm:jrhf, in Salt lalte ..City, Utah. Terms:' one copy one, yrr, Usxr, one copy six months, deliv50 cts. No reduction m.vis tor dubs. City papors ered by mail,.etra Ut postage one year, 2s eta, 'Advertisir rates. Each squire, ten lines of nonprjeil disspace one time. li.50; per month, fjoo. A liberal count J to regular advertisers. EXPONENT offxe, Rooms 2Z7 & 228 Constitution Buildfrom ing, Main Street, oppose Z. C. M, L Business hours d 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. every Uy, except Sunday, Address all business r omrnunications to . - . -- Editor.' - - EXPONENT, famous Lion House in this city, Tuesday, June 1. The grand old parlor and hall were profusely decorated with stars and and" stripes, and with beautiful flowers, portraits large 'and small of Brigham Young were hung in conspicuous places and draped with national colors and with small flags in the most picturesque fashion; there was also here and there a bust of- - President Young, and these additional features gave character to the rooms and to the ga thering. The party was composed' almost exclusivePresily of the wives and descendants of dent Young himself, with a few of. his brothers Ivives and their children, and some particular friends, v There was a little delay in opening the exercises which had been arranged by a committee of the sons ana daughters; as President- Wilford Woodruff was expected, but when word came' that he did not feel, quite able to attend, the program opened with Captain Willard Young Master of Ceremonies,' as Apostle Brigham Young, the eldest son (who has recently been very ill) was scarcely strong enough to pre; side. The. assembly joined in singing, " We thank Thee 0, God for a Prophet." and an eloquent prayer was offered by I Bishop II. B. Clawson. President Lorenzo Snow made the opening address which contained an earnest appeal to all present, but especially to the family of President Young to officiate in the ordinances, for the dead in the house of the Lord, to live lives of devo- tion to the work for which he whom, they met to honor and reverence today had lived and had died, leaving the inheritance of to be done by his peterrtyr ih . r t - i j a lecmig posire wrignam 1 oung maue address.which contained many and . was full of .affectionate interest for all. M , Soiig 0, My Father,' by R. C. Easfon in his inimitable rendering.Spencer Clawson the accompaniment; piano solo.' Spencer Clawson; song, Lulu Moore; V Many happy returns of the day;'' reading (Humorous) Master Frank Benton Young; song " Mona," by R. C, Easton, a most exquisite melody; piano duet, Emmie and Lyle Ycung; verbal report. of the. Young Family Association, Susa Y. . - I 1 1 that-hous- e WRITTEN FOR THE ANNIVERSARY OP I'RESi; DENT BRIGHAM. YOUNG'S HIKTHDaS' . It JUNE I, 1 397. - right" and proper that children should honor their' parents, and what is more fitting than to meet together on their parents natal day, especially after their, death, and talk over the reminiscences of their childhood and rehearse all the good and pleasant things they. have experienced, and store their minds with memories rich "is old-tim- e 1 rem-iniscence- s. ' Jun.-playi- ng " ' vvelt-in-the-LiQi- tli-progr- -- i- f - , s grand-daughter- 1 -- -- ' ' rS-AV- . . " " -- - . and precious to hand down to coming generations. . The old Lion House is a monument' of ' historical reminiscences",, some pleasant and some of a sorrowful nature. The childhood .days of most of the sons and daughters of President Young were spent in the Lion House; some were born tnere ana some aied tnere; some lost tlieir Life is mothers, some their children. made up of a variety of circumstances, some bringing happiness, others sadness. Perfect happiness is not to be looked for in mortal life. None can go through this imperfect state of existence without making more or less mistakes, and we ought to overlook a great deal, which we all certainly can do, when we consider our own wuk and imperfect natures. If children have differences they are soon forgotten and naught but the happy times remembered. Ties have been formed that will never be Gates;;. ongLula Ioore, A Hearts"and-Homes;Children, grow up, get married recitation Miss Frankie Youfrg, broken written by Mrs.R.E. Monch, title, Brigham' and are in a measure separated, but there is in each heart a bond oflove that draws Young; 'address Mrs. Zina D. H. Young; them together. A love that has grown Negro song in dialect with mandolin, Alice Clawson followed by an encore; song,; with; their lives and W'ill continue to; grow ' Tit for. Lulu Gates : stronger and stronger while time shall Tat," Nellie Brownf: piano, solo and song n The Garden of last, and in the eternal worlds it will giow Sleep," also a Kanaka song; recitation, no less. I do not think, "another Camillas Zebulon W. Jacobs, words by. Elder C, W. large as President Young's could be found, Penrose on the death of Brigham Young. where there was" less trouble and difficulty than. among, those that d Afterj Lilou ser ere servediid w It is surprising how well plural families cent character generally was indulged in. One particular feature-othe day was (the got. along together. I am reminded of a soon singing of thei: old song Twenty Years little circumstance that took place Ago," by about twenty of the daughters after I rnoyed to the Head House (now and of the President: owned by my daughter, Mrs!. Emily ClawThis was considered appropriate on account son.) j ; It was vwhenj3rothex Piper of its having been the twentieth annivercharge of President Young's temrra1 sary since the rfay was celebrated last by affairs. He. called to see me one day aid said Sister Clara D. "Young had requested the President himself, June i, S 7 7 . him to look' after me and see thatT did not There is no place in Salt Lake City per- kck the comforts, of life. He expressed more historic character than the some suronse haps of-a that one w ife should take ' ' " 