WOMAN S 130 1 -- " KKAD ..MAUy STUART. HierORIi .' THIC SHP; KKAl'KKS ' '..vCLUB 1S97. Tin: beginning of the 16th Century idund Scotland suffering from domestic broils which often led to war and bloodshed. The house of Hamilton contended for the regency during the minority of James the V. andresisting their claims were .the Clans of Stuart and Douglas After-asevere struggle of many years the regency was given to the' Douglas faction; and quoting Miss linger " Under their administration might was right." Armed meu infested the Wilts of justice, and although exempted from foreign war, the barons, maintained a etty warfare which in its consequences was infinitely more calamitous. Each insulated castle inspired distrust. The forest districts were occupied by hordes of banditti; even in populous towns the citizens wen often disturbed by the alarum bell, or trumpet calling to arms, livery species of outrage was. committed with impunity upon the . weaker sex; throughout Scotland there was no sanctuary for innocenee, no tribunal of justice.; And added to these, troubles were the religious dissensions caused by the rise of the Reformation, and. the consequent hatred existing between the Reformers and, the Papists. In the ear 1542 Henry VIII. was on the ..throve of England vigorously encouraging Protestantism, and with the clergy as tools, hurling tlefnnCe at Pope Clemant VII. and his orders of excomunication. A'nidst all this disquiet was born, December 7, 1542, Mary Stuart, as Bell says " the love1 and most unfortunate woman that ever lived." Daughter of James the V.of Scotland and Mafv of (Wise. She was their third child, two sons having died in infancy. When but seven days old her lather James the V. died, leaving. her the" legacy of a kingdom distracted with civil wars and threatened With foreign invasion. The Earl of Arran was appointed regent, and the infant queen was crowned when nine months old. Henry VIII. prepared to unite the two kingdoms by marrying his son Edward to Mary. But this offer was rejected by the Scots, and a closer alliance was ..formeif between Scotland and France for their mutual protection against England. Mary's mother was a woman of high intellectual and moral As a foreigner slie ho4 little qualities. sympathy with the parties around dier but sought to unite them. She was ambitious for her daughter's welfare; and when through the influence of her brothers the Princes of Guise, a treaty of marriage was proposed between the Dauphin, son of Henry I Land Catherine I)' Medecis, it was received by her with great joy ; and as part of the treaty the queen was to be educated in France, until the marriage could be solemnized. For two years after her , . . - corona-rtiblilmirwl- is ling Castle under the coutrol of the Earls of Livingstone and Mar. Later being threatened by the approach of the English Army was removed for greater security to Dum-- ' barton Castle. Here her education was strictly attended to. and over nurse, governess and tutors, presided her mother, and knowing that it ' would be more rapidly advanced in a class,, she selected four girls about her daughter's age, each bearing the name of Mary. First ca me Mary Beaton piaughter,of; the Cardi- - - r-- i ' EXPONENT ' a n n or m fr of T?i.,,;rr w'- T . 1 . iorQ riem- . apti-tud- e - . . r"' 27 - .inc. the tlnTi, Mary Livingstone' and last iaiuer iuiu ouwu Mary Seatou wnose A nf thr roval fainilv. "She remained at Dumbarton for three years with these chosen companions, and at this of Latin early age had commenced the study among her other lessons, and by her and in learning, and her. gentleness around docility, .soon won the hearts of all Scotland her. In her sixth year she left for Trance. " From 'the hour of her birth." says Miss Benger, "until her embarkation for France the heiress of James V. had been surrounded as a prisoner with sentinels and fortified walls, the symbols of subjection and captivity," arrived at Brest in Tulv !iS. where In she was received' .with great honor, company with the king's daughters: she was sent to a convent to be instructed, and here was implanted within her mind that ever abiding faith. in Catholicism. So read, reily did she comply with whatever was quired of her, and so zealous was "she indier religious duties, that the nuns declared Mary Stuart would be a saint on earth; and began to cherish ambitious .hopes that her These relife would be a religious one. ports reaching the ears of Henry II. caused Her Mary's her removal to the palace. were still her.consta-n- companions, and the most eminent men of the day were her She . studied Latin under instructors. Buchanan, the historian, one of the most learned men of the 16th Century,, poetry under Ronsard, in which she- had decided talent, as the few poems which have been preserved will show. French she spoke as fluently as her native tongue and was equally skilled in music and dancing. Some writers declare the court of Henry I L surpassed all other times in looseness of morals, and even say that Mai v Stuart im- bibed a disregard for chastity that influenced her actions in after life. I would .not excuse the life of Henry Il;but ask you to remember that a. monarch does not mirror a people, and that his couit appears bright indeed compared a little later with that of Charles IX. under Catherine, and although his queen was set aside for Diana, we remember lilizabeth and the Earl of Leicester; the- - Scottish court where woman of rank did not hesitate to live openly with nobles on whom they had no legal claim,' as instance Marian, the Mistress of Cardinal Beaton. I do not wish to palliate these- crmies, but to add, that among the galaxy of the talented men and women gathered at the court, and so great a number has never appeared on one scene, before nor since, there must have been much that was upright and moral. This was the epoch of learning in France, and it was considered necessary for thos desiring a finished, liberal education to resort there. Many women of rank were under the tuition of scholars and orators. Such names as Margaret pf Savoy, sister, of the king, Anne of Este, and Margaret of Navarre, all Women of superior education and undoubted j morals; of the former it is said she" governed an empire not inferior to that of the king, as she reigned over the minds and affections of his subjects, who in expressing their admiration for her wisdom and uprightness gave her the title of Minerva, History has given us the lives of these women and they aie noble." Mary's marriage with Francis was solemnized with the greatest splendor the festivities lasting for fifteen days."' Neve had -- uch.niagnificenee beenseen in Paris. t - I ' writers unite in praise of her "beauty whk'h' did not consist in th: regularity of her features alone, but in the soul that illuminated them, and in the charm aiid sweetness of her manner. She was above the ordinary and-iher height, "finely proportioned movements graceful and dignified. 'Her complexion "clear with beautiful brown hair and eyes. Brantome compares her to the sun at midday and declares that no man It ever saw her without losing his heart. was on this, the occasion of her marriage, that great offence was given Elizabeth, then on the throne of England... The arms of England were piaceu wun inose oi scot- land and France upon the. royal1 Jianners, and Francis and Mary were given the titles king ,ind Oueen of England;. Elizabeth never forgot this nor that Mar had ardeiit supporters in" the Fope' and the powerful political jarty of France led by her uncles. When we consider the claims of Mary. Stuart to the crown of England they do not ul" appear so presumptive. As grand-niec- e illegitimatized "his Henry VIII. who had ' daughters" Mary and Elizabeth; after he death of his son Edward, Mary Stuart-wanext in succession. Iter claims were, men urged by the. Scottish parliament, but. without avail. One year after the marriage of Francis and. Mary, Henry II. was killed in a tournament and they were king and queen for the short period pf seventeen months. 1 n ; . s -- Then Francis died leaving the young wife Charles IX. was a widow at severXtijeTf. appointed king with his mother Catherine, -- She made no effort to conceal for Mary Stuart, Whom she h:d always opposed, and only through motives as regenti her-disli- ke of policy endured. now Political' and religious changes .rapidly, taking place. Mary's supporters she were no longer in the was unfortunate in Ixing an object suspicion to Jvngland, Scotland and France. To Elizabeth who looked upon her as and if opportunity presented an usurper of her throne. To Scotland for her Cath- , w-er- e nW-an- d a i.--f olic religion, as the Reformers were now in the majority there. To FYauce, who dreaded a foreign alliance, especially with Spain. She realized that with all these changes France was no longer home, and that duty and allegiance required her to return to Scotland.. In sorrow she departed from France that had been a happy home to her for thirteen years, and as the vessel left the port she stood with streaming eyes watching the receding shore; as if in prophetic vision she saw before her the prison and the scaffokL And well might she sorrow; to the luxury and refinement of the court. Her associates men and women of letters and cultivation; courted and flattered on every side; educated as. queen of Scotland and prospective queen of France and hr . ed England; and for a few short months to have reached that, giddy height, only to fe e I ii o wm ore lcee ti l377a 1 1 t lia t bad bee ii her grasp. Where shall we, look for within another instance that the future' had prom ised so much ? Now all this was in the past. Continued.') " . Thk Young Woman's Union of Phila-'4elphi- a, composed of young Jewish wromen, maintain a household school, kindergarten, day nursery, shelter and library for Jewasb emigrants- JLir.': - -- 