r conic out in full force and see Woman's Exponent i : RMMEUNE 3. WELLS, A tlX IB WELLS CASNON Published semi-monthly- 00-:::-, . MdittrUl Cmm!u), in Salt ,- -- Ctrii. Lake City, Utah, Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil disspace one time, 2.$o; per month, $3.00. A liberal count to regular advertisers. Build-nEx PON en T office, Rooms 337 &J228 Constitution from hours Business Z.C. I. M, Mam Street, opposite 10 .m. to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to; PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, g, in Salt Lake City, Utah, oj 5 alt Lakk City; September i, it that of business and know how to buy are pome, courteous to ..n., iuy kindly, and make it as-wel- I j Acd cJur 1897 MUNICIPAL AFFAIRS. - m d - Tun talk of the town, here there, and at the present time, is the everywhere coming city election and the reforms that ought to be inaugurated in the way of economical expenditure, as well as in enforcing the laws prohibiting evil prac There are laws and ordinances tices. enough on the stature books of the city to if the meet every, phase of wrong-doinmen in official positions (to which they have been elected' by a majority vote of the people) had the coinage to see the laws in the inteiest of justice, regardless of anything but the welfare of the people of the city. But there is a lack of moral energy somewhere in the body politic of" the city officials evidently, because there are flagrant fences against good order and sobriety, and tLcse serious matters are passed over ami no one seems to know why. the and pursue the" artiesorrpunislied, same or sirniliar evil practices. And so crime and vice multiplies and r the people submit for the time being because forsooth they. see no redress that seems available. "And yet the avenues for economic administration, of local civil government are all open,. and there seems no good reason for neglect of duty on the part of those in power. The people have ecome weary with the lack of .discipline, and surely after the efforts now, being made the people will put a non partisan ticket in the field that can be supported by a large majority, among whom there should be the new voters (the women) who almost without exception are anxious for a decided reform in the management of city affairs; they are not willing that saloons" should be open on Sunday, not even the back doors, nor that liquor should be sold to boys under age on any day in the week, or cigarettes either. The habit is terrible, and yet these very things are done, and the offenders go unpunished. So-long as good, honorable, upright -- men -- and - women absen t fhemsel ves frcmr trfe primary and excuse themselves on the plea pf lack of time or because so many bad men go and "pack" Jhe primary, just so long these evils will exist; but if on' the. other hand good, honest men and women go' to the primaries and stand tor the rights ofithe citizens to good government there might' soon be a radical change, and that eleccoming change should be made at this -v ; tion ;in November. The good women of this city should . g , en-force- -- , ' : ' - d . Stand:! customers' :;T and millinery in connection firm and maintain the honor and best inter- - dressmaking 'with-th- e store.. Air.s rrancis was; in busicsts of the people, for .justice and equality ness many years in London before coming, as welLas economy in all departments. . Ladies remember this is a ajV These "matters are beiirj taken in hand to Utah. woman's enterprise, and examine in many of the large cities, and even where operative here before buyiug anywhere women have not the privilege of the ballot the articles else. Yonr patronage is earnestly solicited. directhey are doing good work in these tions." How much more the women of Miss Jessie Ackkrman, a world-re- . in ballot the do with can Salt Lake City nowned celebrity, is now on a visit to Salt there And is to their hands easy perceive. Lake City, and has delighted her audiences to time its about is no question being high by her eloquence, earnestness and enthusi-asno no be should it. There wavering, do in reform movements, principally temcondo to duty your plain hesitatingdare perance. Miss Ackerman has an excellent watch-worbe the let and scientiously voicefor large buildings, and in the Taber"eternal remember vigilance always reform, nacle in this city she had to make no extra is the price of liberty." Do not allow unexertion whatever in order to be heard rub and to votes, men get your principled distinctly.. She is a great traveler, having and homes of their children and your you been twice around the world, and iu many inheritances by increased taxation and by lands, China, India, Japan, Africa, Iceland their sophistry- and cunning lead you to and most of the European countries. She believe, it is all inthe interest of progress. has climbed to the summit of the Alps and Prosperity and- progress comes more surelj' other notable heights, and has also donned when the larger number of people own a divers suit and been to the of the. It was the policy of the sea. Spiritually as well as depths Miss. their homes. temporally pioneers who settled theQ vales, ajid in Ackerman has been climbing into heights,, this city, as well as in smaller cities, towns and also diving into depths, not to fish for and villages, but of late years many have however, but for human souls. In. drifted away from this practice, and the pearls with Mrs. K. E. visiting. , our sanctum .. n ro Ipcc irirlprvnHpnt rvmnof fit T11.lL'. - . . " " r . ' Shepard (a teacher ot this city) she found . . . . mo- nfhpr inrpsfmpnk and inrolvinfr the , o . . .r: me nmary Association oiheers meetintr n ,7 home. Agriculture and gardening are not session and being invited spoke a few very remunerative just at present perhaps words of encouragement to them, saying but if the majority of the people are going that the work for the children appealed into mining and similar pursuits, they Acker-mato her Miss heart. very strongly must be supplied with grain and other prohas been instrumental in aiding the visions and those who till the land will not Y. C. T. U. in many, very many countries, be at their mercy, but will be; the ones who and we sincerely wish her God speed in her c' will fix the value 'of breadstuffs and the work of love and reform, undertaken like. From all appearances now the pro- ;noble for the betterment of the home and the upphecies of Brigham Young, Heber C. Kim-telifting of the human family. noWthersFe4ikly-er- y Therefore be advised in .fulfilled. time and don't give away your inheritance THE GOOD SHEPHERD. mess" a for of pottage. (or your birthright) is The Lord watching over His people and Do we not read in Holy Writ that He those who listen to counsel and keep .the who scattered Israel would gather them as commandments given to them in this day a shepherd does his flock?' And again we and age as well as in the former days, will read in Ecclesiastes- 3rd chapter; if reads be able to stand when "all that can be thus: " There is a time and a season. for shaken will be shaken," as the Scripture every purpose under the sun. A time to be says. born and a time to die. A time to plant and a time to pluck up that which is planted. A time to cast away stones and a EDITORIAL NOTES. time to galher stones. A time to embrace " ' Many of the Relief Society Conferences and a time to refrain from embracing, etc. Did not the angel Moroni tell the' are being held about this time, and are Joseph upon showing him the gold being attended by, sisters from the- city by invitation of their officers. We have been plates in the hill Cumorah, " It is not time-ttake them out yet for four years; but expecting reports of these Conferences for publication or for the records, but so far come here and meet me once a year until it there have been very few minutes sent in. is time to take them." That Joseph did, It is impossible to keep posted in regard to so we read in his history. Does not .this" these Conferences unless the Secretaries" agree with Ecclesiastes, the preacher, the send the minutes to headquarters. Some son of King David of Jerusalem,, who said" changes have been made. "in officers and there is a time for every, purpose under ? 1 new branches organized, which should be Accordingly "there must be a time to. reported. gather Israel. Now I would ask has that We wish to call the attention of the sistime arrived? I did not think so fifty-fivters and our good friends to' the. Woman's years when told that a Mormon preachStore on First South St., just a little west er hadago, come to Ithaca to preach the new of Main St. in the Nauvoo building. doctrine; would I go and hear him tell us Ladies will find there almost everything of a prophet and a new bible lately d is, needful in the way of dress and articles for covered ? Vv-; W use. Mrs. Maria. Francis and her Oh Savior daughter ; no, why- - should I since the xMrs. Kelly are very desirous of. pleasing was our teacher, and the New Testament the public in the way of dry goods and was our guide? I was satisfied, believing notions, and are well posted in the details as I did the Episcopal church to be nearer . Salt Lake City, Utah. Office - ' terms: one copy one yrar, Ji.oo; one copy si months, deliv5jcts.- No rcductlbn "made (or clubs. City papers ne ered by mail, extra for postage year, 25 cb. Entered at the Post second-clas- s matter. man-or.wom- tnfcitfsl Rdlter, to- whois .nominated for the people of he. ft. an every ' - ru' - 1 ... ... n ll . sootr-to-bc-lite- rally - Pro-ph- et - o the-heaven- - , e ; j . . 