WOMA""XWNENT. and; and alt 'day experiences tna'de the itfiuvcrsatsfm utiite irranhic.' However there- were .sameTv :78.;H, -- addfn-ittleT;.tlicar- lyi education,--oLabe- ir - . whatUtah1.is,,dts.past and .Jiresem nu4 own .unmedwve. Hirrf'r; ;; bonthTmr ; oRitS.Ifuti'iru,; prittT-Ji-- C,V - Kavabk-C3nditioiis- s . al i - Wm. Spicer, George P.. Wallace Jim. and Mrs. Garrett wife and some others. verv"miicli t!:e absence" of President: Jos. F. Smith and. Sisters Zina I). II. Young and Bathsheba W. Smith who had 'been ''expected. The visit was in every' .respect a happy one, and Sister Garrett received many congratulations and good wishes for future happiness and prosperity, in which the Kxponkxt heartily joins, wishing her many happy returns of the day. re-grette- (T - TWO PLKASAXT PARTIES. " 'J tni us F. Wklls and wife gave a very pleasant birthday party on the evening .of members of the family; unfortunately all could not be present but nearly all those residing in 'the city came, some were absent from unavoidable causes. . i Airs, wens rooms were uecraieu almost 'exclusively with eainatious'many of them scarlet, which gave a beautiful tone of color to the parlors' and other apartments. In fact the house is furnished with the most exquisite taste, and as the writer is very fond of color, these simple decorations add to the pleasure of a social evening. Inhere was also: some fine selections on the piano by Mrs. Wells, who. in addition to being a model housekeeper is an excellent musician, and knows how much music adds to any feast however inviting i ts viands, and in this instance the supper was delicious. It was not. exactly a woman's, party as there were several gentlemen present, and,, the arrival of the Governor, I leber M Wells, who was urged to say a few words on the occasion and consented to speak briefly, though he had just come from jnak-ina public speech the speech "of the- - evening was made by Junius F. Wells, who alluded most affectionately to his father,. rA 11 t, i ufii., u ens, uuu.1 expresseua' tuc wit virii. u. xl. desire to see the family come together often and keep up tiiessa"ine"attectToirateemtioiis-a- s existed in his father's lifetime. Every one who helps to promote this Isoirit of harmonv" "of ideas flndtmrwl fpKruto is adding to the happiness of the whole and 'it is certainly commendable. There is nothing more pleasing in life than the intimate relation and friendly intercourse of a large family who cherish a fondness for each other, who naturally as they grow older drift away fronfeaeh other after .marriage, or perhaps through business enterprises and in striving for. the maintenance June 1, U 11 11 . t . . . . 1 1 -- g 1 -- . " -- more.--Durin- g Hedges, Mrs.'Ullie Y. Wells, .Mrs. Susie R. Wells, Mrs. Kdna W. Sloan. It was a very happy afternoon; taking all in all though some were absent on account of illness that would have 'made the .company the. FCast, (where Brother Richards was more complete, and it woukL have been presiding over the Conference) were present, The repast was "very also another of her brothers,' Elder H. I .more gratifying. delicious and served on little tables in the Richards and wife. Many of those who. parlors, assisted b) some dainty little girls spoke of Sister Wilcox also alluded to its in white, Dessie Grant and Alice Wells being the birthday anniversary ol another who were very polite and attentive ,to the veteran woman who was present, Sifter guests and nrnde every one feel at hoiue. Julia C Howe, who also came in for a all' assured that The hostess may be We conshare of the praise and honor. she Went away with the impression that both these good sisters wishing gratulate visitors knew just how to make enjoy them long life, peace and every blessing, themselves. These family parties are a delightful social feature and promote union and love in the family, than which there IN ME.MOKiAM can-be those desirable more among nothing IN LOVING KESi'FCT. connected by the ties of kindred. - To Sister Betty Walkeran old resident of this place, and a faithfu1 worker in our Relief Soc alter a long spti; ot ety, who died Juik 5"' with si." ness. Sister her husband carv-to alker h Ut in the year 1S.49, an J to Cttlar City in !l:e t entirely ever year 1851, reading, since. She has It ft a large f.ur.ily. of rowinr sons and dan. hters and had lived to become a vtars great jreat j;ranhnothrr, being eighty-fivot age. She was true to her religion anil l;er -- 1 , the' 1 . nuni-suWanti- r- -' Fourteenth ward of this city; celebrated t!lv birthday of their President, Sister. Mnrh W. Wilcox, in a very fitting manner- - r"n':' Thursday June 7, at her residence. LY,:i. tratulatio'ns poured in upon her and ujrts of flowers and other souvenirs of the 'day,-awell as an elegant birthday cake and the daintiest refreshments. But above all and without doubt what she prized most "Vas the spirit of love and good will that was maniiesi towards her and in. appreciation of her labors. The oOlcers of the Society inster. Wilcox's particular' vited some of friends outside of the ward, Sisters X. .J). II. Young, B. W. Smith, E. B. Wells, Webb, A. E. Neal, C. S. Thomas, and others; there were perhaps fifty or. the gathering Ajostle .F. D. Rirli. ards, who is her brother, came and .made a congratulatory speech although : he could, Elder S. 'W. Richards" not renfain long. and wife who have recently returned In .a - ; . v .The sisters of the Relief Socielv 'in Mrs? Annie S. Wells gave a debghtlul .charming yonn people as well as older her ones and they gave 'us. ''some fine; music. party, on Friday afternoon June iS, at 20th Ward, of this Gwendolyn Lewis and- Hattie Wallace pretty cottage in the rendered in sweet strains the smi "Come city The rooms were fragrant with roses M and later and carnations of which the decorations to me." also' " O my" Rather, roses of hianv varieties on "The' New Jerusalem " 'and "Tirah's lnnriiv mnsku-dThe conversaand artistically arranged. Serenade," and some other melodies. The live o'clock' 'tea or supper was a tion was cheerful and entertaining aswo-it very elaborate affair and elegantly served, generally is when so many charming her Besides ice cream ami ices: strawberries.oherries and men come together socially. other fruits for dessert alter a variety of several Wells' aunties, there were a uu- dishes, and withal more items ler of the Wells family married and of early days. Besides the names already married, Mrs. Isabel M. "Nrars, .Mrs. mentioned there were present Sisters Sartih Frances Wells, Mrs, Abbie Young. Miss Kate ttrells,Mrs! Helena Wells, Mrs. Joseph;M. Kimball, Rachel Grant, Jane Hodgett, Amanda 'Kimball, Martha Wallace, Sarah ine Wells, Mrs. May W. Whitney, Miss Knieline Wells, Mrs. Kmily W Grant, Davis', Julina I,, and Alice 'K. Smith, .Martha .Perkins, Mrs. Annette W.Culmer. Miss Lyde Wells, 'McDonald, ' ; EDITORIAL NOTKS. V1. Mks. I. C. Manchester of Providence, R. I., is expected tc arrive here on Saturday July 3, and will remain a day or two. Mrs. Manchester is President of the National Association of Loyal Women of American Liberty. It will be her first visit to Utah, though some of our sisters have made her .acquaintance in the Hast. She is expected to deliver an address while here, in some ' large hall. Miss Ellis Shipi, a student of the University of Utah, received the highest honor in mathematics this year. The young girl is sixteen years of age and is the daughter of Dr. Ellis R. Shipp, so well and favorably known in Utah, and who graduated from the. Woman's Medical College in Philadelphia, "Pa.-- in 1878. We congratulate the vounlr4J ladvJ on her w success; and have in her case another instance of the girls surpassing the boys, , " -- r -- hetr-vdmos- v e' antfeipa-liocovenants, looking forward to her reunion with ht-- r husband and her beloved sister who 'had preceded., her to their home of rest. . s J. H Mackklprang. Cor. Sec'y. Cedar City, une 15- - . . ' with-joyfu- n l -- RESOLUTIONS OF KESI'F.CT. Adopted by the Fourth Ward Relie Society of Provo May 9 iSqj.Whereas, we are called up n to mourn the loss of ourf5elI' ed sister, Eliza Ann Gai ter Sntrw Resolved, Tiiat we ark owledge the hand of our Heavenly Father in brin ing her to be associated with u, and that we deeply 'mourn her loss as a faithful and active mejiiber of the Relief iis he wms.- able- - to Society of this ward attend meetings During ti.r fMime she as ever re idy to assist . with tier means, and was . known as a faithful i,atter-daSaiiit, always wili-ingly assisting in all good, works. ' ' She was orn in the'towi of Newn', Co., State of Maine, on the 23th- of September Tf8 1 8'iTrioi'rf errltre' Chut en i.i,- 1 through trials and hardships in comfquence of her faith, which remained unshaken to the last. --She always paid her tith s and offerings even to few days of her death. She., was a. woman of much faith, both for herself and others. She was healed man times by the power, of faith, and once when she had been given up b,v physicians and it had been reported 'that she was dead. She was the mother of nine children, e gran children and fifty-on- e - , - as-lo- ng 1 y .. The Trans-Mississip- pi Commercial iirther-Assembl- y Half-o- n the 14th day of July, and then, and before and after, the city will be crowded with strangers; 'The women'.s clubs in this city are making Teady to show the ladies of the party every attention possible to make them .feel" happy and welcome while they sojourn here. These people will be from dif- ferent parts of the United States, and are business men of known reputation which, should be an inducement to those who have ;the matter in hand to furnish reliable in formation and people to give it, who know. 8547-iitHipafi- -sed " fifty-fiv- n, great-grandchildre- - V Resolved! That we ' . , feel to extend our sym-- " pathy to her family in their loss, butwe" eel her wise, that they have been greatly blessed-ii- r faithful counsel and example. "'- - -- . 