WOMAN'S - , rr- . r , ... - ... . - EXPONENT. - 1. - .. " k I chise, think and cannot iwlv 'n th'o properly made .Questions ot i . ' ho:i'ctiMiioreeuflit hvcho noiajnc can Ww York nolice force canbe i "women- vo ,ng power, a cliniM' ... flu. irfiO'tif Mtu - ink' themselves concerning this important ques-- . wisely and properly administered only upin 'municipal affairs basis, and both Mr. tion of on a Published City, Utah. tn.fcajt Term: one copy one jcr, $t.oo; one copy six months, Andrews and myself were quite incapable and vote understandingly, which is easy No reduction made lor clubs City papers delivjocts. enough to do if one will take a little time to of managing it on any other. ered by mail, extri for posUge one year, 25 ct. "Certain of the difficulties we had to face study the questions. It is simply a duty A ivertiirj rates: Etch square, ten lines of nonprj-eiwhich the women of this city owe to were merely those which' confronted the ensp iceone time, &2.$o; per month, I3.00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. and the community of which tliev tire administration in its management of the form a part, to stand resolutely and Ex post.nt otfice. Rooms 227 & 228 Constnuiion Build- - f municipality" Many worthy jeople for good government by a 'faithful would I ed that this' reform administration J' ' t .t..... i, ,1..t.,i., nuv (IIBri.lV 111 ... administration of the laws upon the statute maKU au aosouue icvuiuuuu. Address ill business communications to the government but in the minds of the books. Surely no woman with any pro-PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, citizens as a whole; and felt vaguely that nounced ideas, of honesty, economy lid Salt Lake City, Utah. had been cheated because there was morality would wish to see the present Entered at the ffot Of.ce in Salt Lake City, Utah, at they A radjcal change not an immediate changing of every bad conditions continue. matter r must come, and the only course to pursue influence in social life. "In administering the police force we to avoid strife and trouble, is to declare for a Salt I.akrCity, Octoeek 15. 1S97 administration p municipal found.as might be expected, that there was no need of genius, nor indeed of any very un- affairs. usual qualities. What was required was MUNICIPAL. AFFAIRS. the exercise of the plain ordinary virtues, MISS BELLE KEARNEY. coin mou place type, which all If to give expression to such sublime of a rather "sentiiuents as those uttered by President good citizens should be expected to possess. Miss Bklli: ' Kkaknkv, a 'celebrated common Common courage, honesty, sense, Woodruff at the late Conference be deemed readiness to learu, and a teacher and lecturer and a great favorite treason, then has the world gone backward energy, resolution, wherever she has spoken with the instead of forward. If to declare honesty desire to be as pleasant with everybody as both- - in public America and across the ocean, is before partisanship is wrong", then have was compatible with a strict performance callrecently visited Salt Lake City and spoke we indeed come upon perilous times, that of duty; these 'were the qualities most in the large 'Tabernacle, Saturday evening, ed for: must try honest men's souls to the utter Oct. 2. Her lecture was entitled "WLy most. Surely women have not yet fecome , '"Our methods for restoring order and Are The Wheels Clogged ? "and here as else-so Wedded, to parties that they must vote discipline were simple, and hardly less so .. . where, she was received with great favor. wan a certain partr, wnetuer tneir own were our methods for securing efficiency Miss Kearney is traveling under the auspices conscience will approve or not. "If the wo"It was not at all difficult to protect I of the Woman's Christian Temperance men of ths city will heed the signs of the decent people in their rights; and this reUnion. Miss Frances E. Willard speaks of times, and notice how vice and corruption sult was effected at once. It was the en-fand devotion to the cause in cement of the liquor law. which caused her eloquence have grown and flourished in this fair land Miss Kearney the highest terms of praise. within the last few .years, there need be no most excitement." Convenfear of misrule, for if all honorable upright On this subject the writer has much to came to Utah partly to attend a of the W. C. T. U. held here at that men, vote for men of principle and strict say and closes it after several columns by tion the result of. our labors time, and she made several speeches at The integrity and the great majority of women saymg: Convention that were highly complimented. join with them in the struggle for a change was of value to the city, for we gave the Mississippi nnatyKOvernment7the'nrTtriil-be:"no-rausedtizen3rbetterpTOtectioiTthanthey-ha- d an for fear of being outdone by any party poliever before received, and at the same, time with the pleasing Southern accent and easy, graceful manner. root out the corruption which ticians, who are after the spoils of office. President Angus M. Cannon presided The words of wise' and good men like away.' civic morality. We were attacked President .Woodruff should be heeded in with the most bitter animosity by many during the evening in the Tabernacle and this' campaign, and wisdom and prudence sensational newspapers and every politician introduced Miss Kearney, and Elder A. E. Miner offered prayer. The Committee had should be, exercised in urging upon those .of the baser sort, not because of our shortwho are not informed of the conditions of comings, but because of what we did that succeeding in securing some of the best the city government, that they may kncnv was good. We enforced the laws as they musical talent in the city for a musical proin -the traps and snares laid for the unsuspectwere on the statute books, we broke up gram. Prof. J. J ;McLellan rendered and ing and unwary. It is not the time for blackmail, we kept down the spirit of dis- his inimitable style with great' feeling . silence" but the people should be fearless and order and suppressed rascality, and we adexpression the "Ave' Marie"; from Mascag-willing to speak the truth and stand for the' ministered the force with an eye single to nis' opera Cavelleira Rusticana, and Mrs. This spirit of resistance against the welfare of the city. In doing this we Lizzie Thomas Edwards sang "Just As I right. Am" by Sudds, "with intense feeling, and Jhose who oppress the taxpayer and the encountered, as we had- expected, venomlaborer is not confined to Salt Lake City ous opposition of all men to whose interest her high notes rang out char and distinct, nor to Utah, although if it were the cause it was that corruption should- continue, or which is always a pleasing feature in vocal an is just, but in several- large cities of the who were of such dull morality that they music. Prof. Heber S. Goddard sangvoice East the non. partisan theory has been put were not willing to see honesty triumph at Aria by Donizetti, his magnificent in active operation. the cost of strife." filling the large building with rich vocal In one of the leading magazines of the " We were obliged to treat all questions that tones, awakening tender and sublime emoday the writer upon this subject speaking arise purely on their merits, without refer- tions. A sacred thing indeed is the gift of as from experience says: " With me associence to the desires of the politician. We song, and accompanied by such music ated as treasurer of the board was Mr. went into this course with our Prof. McLellan is capable of rendering, eyes open, Avery E. Andrews. He was a Democrat, for we knew the trouble it would cause us and in a building that is of itself lofty and . I a Republican, and there were questions of personally, and what more inspiring to the soul, one cannot help feeof national politics on which we disagreed ant, the way in whichwa$our efforts importling it must be a joy to give so muchj pleasfor rebut such widely; questions could not enter form would consequently be" hampered. ure toothers. ;.. into the administration of the New York However, there was no alternative but to Miss Kearney is a very fluent and origin-- , if that administration was police to he both abide the results We had counted the cost al in speaker, she uses 110 notes, nor is she honest and efficient, and as a matter of fact, before we adopted our plan, and we follow- any sense sensational. Her voice is during my two years service Mr. Andrews ed it resolutely to the end. " and full of pathos, and her tones and I worked in absoltfte harmony on. every Some of the best women in New York are never monotonous. She is a young wo- important question of policy which arose. to came forward in the movement made man of strong character and a just desire The prevention of blackmail and corruption, City in 1894 spoken of here, and lent their sup- j do good, she is her talents and heart giving the. suppress-oof crime and violence, the port in various ways, though they had not to this missionary work. safe guarding of life and property, ballot as women have in Utah. the securing was tendered Miss Kearney If j A honest elections and rewarding efficient and Sective work can be done without the" fran at thereception residence of Mrs. Annie T. Hyde ANNJH WELLS LAftN ON tidUl C,trihufr. .Ciul.. nou-partisanshi- ' s"mi-iioitn- i, non-partisa- ike p n ' . l them-selve- s deier-mindl- expect-?hZlZ!Lk,n'"- I 1 .,-v- y f - " . second-cla- st . . , " . non-partisa- n . . " . . oi "was-eatin- -- . - - - - s " . fat-reachi- . ! , ng . 