IXPONENT.J WOMAN'S w should procure the cuttings. thmpK 1.. iv- ie Writ ...... r.nf ... in nnv: T trees VVi)Ai:A.:ijXi5()NE.N'l h:: &MMEUNE ASStS H ULLS aim r . . y- and the vouiig,' tender leaves are ditches l women jucjges turn.it. is ;i 'uiMiuLiiwu uomen on. juries- - - muij i i .u;:ru:. . I lughes Cannon may justly be proud. In . - - , - . h than the House will be Mrs. Eurithe LrrBarthv, Mrs. 'Sarah A. when the leaves are Old and toiigh. The .of Salt .Lake County and , .... ......v. ..m.;. silk worms are more iouu oi cusp, ieuuw aimu.ii, leaves naturally, and. the leaves are .more comparatively young women, therefore it in Salt I.ake City, Vuh. reasonable to expect that some gol 5i.oo; one enpyvsix montrv easily gathered "from the young shrubs' than 4 only - WELLS, CA.SAO.V win j I. s dd to 'be Editor !est-ancfni:ik- a finer fabric" e - tCa-.'- -i, i Published semi-inonthl- j y, Terms: one copy one yr.ir, No reduction m.ule fpr clubs. 50 ots. d'-li- v City papers '- .. ' count to regular-advertisers- . Exponent oftke, m a PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, Salt Lake City, Utah. . Entered at the f'osl OJice in S,ilt Lake City, c lass matter . ond-cc Salt Lake City, January i, 1U1, SiailU ttih.as 1S97. IIOMIv INDUSTRIKS AND PRODUC- " tjos: Tine oiie main subject in which the people of t 'tali i and we speak adviscllly when we say the women o'f Utah should dx. t time is specially interested at the home industries, and foremost among these is sericulture. ' We are fully aware that there are some women who have Seemingly strained every 'nerve to raise cocoons, and have become more or less if not quite discouraged dx'cause there seemed no remuneration, but there is now a good prospect for the future in this direction. There has' been a commission of five persons appointed by the Governor to look after the. matter, and they are reliable women who will do the very utmost that can be done to further the silk interest in Utah but it remains with the ix:ople to do their share and to furnish ihe maieiial. Hnoiudi has ix."en accomplijsliea Here in the raising ot silk to prove that it might with some fostering and encouragement become a pro 0 t;i b e i itl st r y . n ltisoflittleu.se to s't do six ' and of hard times and lack of employment when the state abounds in resources that might by diligent perseverance and united effort be developed-iutopmg products Rooking over the ground, silk really seems the easiest of all the industries, to manage. The egg3 being procured, the cocoons can be raised wherever food for the worms can be obtained. Mulberry trees consequently leaves are very abundant in many parts of Jthe state and especially so in Salt Lake City and County, and it is not too soon. even now for those who w i si i to e n ga ge i h ser icu Itu re- - to commence planning for it. lis'not at all unlikely that there' will an expeThnent stajioii estaldished here 1:1 the nearfiuure and. even.if not, silk raised and reeled aVhome, if the, work is first class tan always find a market. The reels for this Zl purpose aresmall work1 is very simpleand easy to learn. It does not require the time nor incur the expense pa-se- 1 -- 1 11 . com-plai- ay , aud-liglitan- d -the that dress-makjngxa- nd milfinery-andman- y .' . ,. b .U1C .iMWUtiaiun . 3 , ; " dcted 1 t m ! ,. EDITORIAL XOTKS Tin; secretaries of Stake organizations of the Relief Society are hereby, qihcially notified to send reports for the year rNo) not later than Feb. 1S97 to Mrs. H IL Wells Constitution Building, Salt Lake Citv Utah. Wi: are very sorry to be obliged to state-thathe Book of Poems winch we had hoped would be issued ChiiUiias has been delayed but will, unless unavoidably something unforeseen transpires be ready n February of this year. We shall be very glad to receive orders for the book from any who would like to have a copy, as not nearly enough subscriptions have been taken to defray the expense of publishMusing. The title of the book wilt be ings and Memories," Poemsdjy Emmeline B. Wells, and will contain steel engraving of the author price of cloth binding si 25 leather or Art binding' (new style) $2.00 t r few-to-st- Co- - . m ; ar ; ; All agents of the Woman's Exponent and all Presidents' of Relief Society iu all the several branches. throughout the Stakes of Zion, and others who axe interested in the woman's paper are most respectfully,, but urgently requested to use their best endeavors to further the interests of the Ex- tonent by striving to iifcrease its circula-tion, and also to use their infuence in helping to collect back subscriptions, remembering that the Exponent, is really of theRe.lieLSociety; and . ...... , r. euiuumb a compieie record otf all tne Uenerai Conferences of that important organization, and is the means of communication to all Stakes of Zion and through them to each other, besides doing much efficient work for women, in various other ways. - . V f rrihcn 1 a . - . - Kecortler by the Republic; 1M not of We are aware any other w party been men having elected, but trust thai in the others there aie statf. Women have done excellent work in the Legislature of Colorado, and also in Wyoiu aiul-the fj- - Public i.: ing Sujerintenlant Instruction in Wyoming is certainly one of the most brilliant womeir we have ever rod the pleasure of meeting, Miss Kstelle .Reel. Although we do not exject the nrilleunium to ceme because women vote, yet we do hope and anticipate that some change for the better will ensue, now that, women are on an equal platform with men in legal matters in the State. 41... ' wa- - nt . N ' . .'';' 4 , to under- - not. getveary7horIftiike the scliool other things do. lt is said by those. ,who Joes - '' " room. have had some expience with the silk worms that this emplayinent is quite fascOx Monday, January 11, the Utah Legjs. inating. At any rate thev women of 'Utah lature will , meetin this City "and . something have always believed silk raising midit be new under the sun, Solomon to the conmaue a permanent ousmess success here trarynotwithstandi o " i 111 IJUt c oeca use 1 lie c lima te and al I o conditionsd.ihefirst-womeirSena- tof ITtfpH are particularly favorable.-States, there are; not mulberry have- hadalthough Wyoming and Colorado 1 woman Legislators in the House iJi P1"11 ' , a mm . in Box Elder Co. Miss Fannie Graehl mind of the'wriler the training received by means of this simple but wonderful method of instruction will be conducive to all home industries, as well as to those, gentle and attractive qualities that adorn domestic lite e hear constant and .cmbelli.sh the: home. " ly all depends upon the mothers and the home, and that is the mother's province, whether the children are well trained to become useful members of society and good citizens if so much rests upon, mothers, little help in then they too should have--the way 'of suggestion, .and. the kindergarten L'ives iut tli is. needed assistance- - Moth- ersin general are overworked, their strength is more than absorbed bv the little ones, a kindergarten teacher takes the 'little ones for a short time and the mother not only has the great relief of feeling the children are cared for, but knows they are being taught to think, Observe and act properly. If parents could only' realize how advantageous the kindergarten training; is to the be long before it would child, it would be introduced into all the public schools. ub- sentiment on this But the growth of . ject seems very slow, and very Julie Jus really been' done to. reach the entire people. If mothers. would visit these schools and see and hear the children, they would become interested and enter into the spirit of the teaching they, never can 'by standing-afaoff and denouncing it.. Some very strenuousexertions have, been and are being made-by--a M heseehtJtd and a membership to the Association of fifty cents a year from individual members to assist in the work; but the people are slow to resjK)nd and yet what is as much consequence as the children's projer training? Habits of industry are gained in this way, and these are essential to a good life. The old saying that Satan finds mischief for idle hands, is true: and in a community where children abound as they do throughout these valleys, it is important that measures be taken to give the children upon the such training, as will streets,: the benefit-othem from vice, and help them to earn, keep a livelihood as so m as they are old enough 10 get employment: : nothing will help them so m.uch-- in : this regard- .as ki ml o is and it not tiresome, - but on the training, kin of p!eas:ire, so that the child coutrary-- ' , " - ou c: ci) -- M and, consider should , . . suggestions will be made and effectual work: in such interests as pertain, to women and , the family "especially. In Millard Co. we are informed a wo man Mrs. Delilah K. Olseu' was elected Co.. Recorder by the Democratic party, and Mrs. Ellen Jakemaji Treasurer in Utah Cj.: ?. j have had experience ;jand who can give valuable information in this class of work. who- from-thos- Rooms 227 & 328 QifciUtution ins, Main Street, opposite Z..CM, I. 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. ' Address aJl business communications to - ll. .. from, the' trees. We shall be very glad to have.correspon- denc sent upon this subject for publication, .cred byjniilcxirx.tjr fwiUKe.rie 35 ttN. Advc-iisirates:' Each square.- ten lines of nonp.'.rVx pne one time, .51; per month I3 00. A, hbr;d dis- t 1 1 HOLIDAY WEDDINGS. yTi ' ; E R e's" bl jsshey on cf a ' 1 f that the minst reF h aST ; .V" told, When two that are linked in one heavenly tie, ' - 1 ' . 