tJ TTTV T T H T 1 TV HH ;,;.:k. The Ballot in Vujlandiof the WomniofJh should a SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH'; FEB. Vol.. 25. i- CONTENTS: -- National Question Si!k Ann C. Wood bury ! 1 Meeting-Zi- y r Social -- Gather mr. AboutThe 1"jniTOKiAL-f mention Living Pictures Of The I loly Land. Alfair. A Farewell Party. Editorial JJtt-asan- ! Notes. Edward Stevenson R. M. F. Eve To My rang Thoughts Annie D. Stevens. -- : Niece Dr. E. R. Shipp-- S. -- There are resolutions broken Can it be I was so weak! ' And Em charged with being haughty, When I meant to be so meek. Charity is growing weaker, While ingratitude grows strong. And my anger conquered patience,: When I thought I suffered wrong;"""" t E. 1'. " . am saddened by my record When I see the debtor side ; All those charges crush my spirit, Fain my heart, and wound my pride, : Rut the finger that was pointing Draws a line, and then with care Writes results, and to my credit Stands the golden "Morning Prayer." Thus at eve I scan my record, So when life is near its close, Will I look upon those pages Ere I seek my last repose ; I has fought the good fight, the I k warfare is . ended ; The trophy's of .victory are many and bright. Vanished the thunder, and smoke of the struggle For him, who was girded for truth and the '.. riht. the ranks an&furemost in battle-- ' j'der to shoulder with the true and the w.is first in Si .j '' ' , rave, ;' foe with a power that was dauntless, Faring i!;e Ur.flir.ching in du!y, yet eager to save. t - Rest, noble warrior, rest thee for a season ; There never was soldier, who fought with more 4 iJ And jiever a (me cause, more righteous or glorious. a foe that could shatter thy steel. o D. 17 which-has-been by-pri- interested itf silk culture, advance money so this industry could le permanently and successfully established, returning a fair compensation to all engaged in the under-- , ' taking. May thus industry teceive the attention it demands and flourish in,our midst, rewarding tlu promoters with results. ' Respectfully jTr.ati-fyin- g v& balatierr Annie M. A. Till, President Utah Co. Silk Association. Stevens. him a burial befitting a chieftian ! Enshroud him in robes that the righteous doth ' wear, his bier,songs of triumph and glory such glory as his no traitor can share. here on the low mound scatter ivy and laurel ; I rtie. emblems of life that shall never decay ; Now leave him in peace; with God and the angels. To rise with the just ?t the Dawn of the Day. R. M. F. ! 1 SLAVERY AS. A NATIONAL the; silk industry. - - (Jnnt o'er 'h 1 K: on this question.) The late Mr. Daniel Graves an inde- fatigable worker in the silk business desired to see a corporate body of influential persons And t!,e credit still be there, On each page the same sweet story, "Trust in God "and " Daily Prayer." 2 zeal." Nor ay, thejftd i e ed-- 16 e - EDWARD STEVENSON No. 197. upon the encouraging enactment passed in the Silk Bill which Itrust will' el be forthcoming;, as it will be a .stimulus.to .many others to raise cocoons. This County has been one of the fore- most in Sericulture and has made a marked success not only in racing cocnons. but eggs; also .'spun and reeled silk besides fabrics of pure native silk some of which were exhibited at the 'World's Fair and were considered very creditable; the 'suc- -cess achieved "has been enterprise. The elements in Utah are not excelled for silk raising as proved by the beautiful textures as abundantly testified to by experts. I hope to see this; industry greatly, advanced this coming season, there being a cents on each xjund bounty of twenty-fivof good cocoons verified to by a committee, and a .reeler also 'furnished for one hundred pcunds of good cocoons certified to by said committee; (see Silk Bill treating up- . - d - PoJvTKY . . First Annual Report Of The Relief Society. T'r trident' "Anthony's 'Annual "Address."" Sketch The New Wo- And. Resolutions Of Respect. in Hlsie Ada Faust. An Interesting Journey Ann C. Woodbury. Notes And News,;. 1.' . Ah, it says that in the morning As I hurried down thestreet A weak, tired, aed woman-Raiseher eyes a smi'e to meet, And I passed her by unnoticed. Left her hungry, faint and sad, When a kind. word would have fed her, Would have made the lone heart Hull V. n.u Hamethe State 'and it NatUu AND MAR. - 15,- . Governor Drake's From My Journal Kim. Leaves Semi-Monthl- lo better the Ami i stand entranced, enraptured With a joy I cannot hide; When, behold, a finder pointing Bids me view the other side. M.. A. Till. Slavery As A Mrs I..Si. I'rou'n; hems About The Silk Industry Welcome. ulics' Pouer QUKS-TION- . . Dear lutitor Exponent: I greatly appreciate your kind endeavors in trying to work up a renewed interest in Sericulture realizing it is an important and beneficial industry and one which is advo and those who cated by the know the benefits of home industries. came into the United States net as a national question, but through the rapacity of man. The infamy was shared by England and the United, States. It was a source of profit to New England, particularly Boston, Salem, "Bristol and Providence; T much cannot much I proMcMastersays 'The profit was. threefold, report regret gress in our Association of late, owing to molasses brought from Jamaica was turned there not being a reliable market for cocoons into rum;, rum ' sent to Africa bought negroes ; negroes carried to Jamaica were, consequently no quick returns for the labor could we have an Experiment Station in changed for molasses which, taken to New Ut-iTarn confident .thousands of pounds Jin gland was turnedonlCL-x- u m . ' ' With the' horrors of slavery in the south, would be raised, thereby furnishing em ploy men t for women and children who abolition grew in the. north.! In 1 775 form so prominent a part in feeding and thousands of people in the colonies freed taking care of the worms, and there is an their slaves, Pennsylvania, taking the lead. abundance of feed, mulberry trees are In 1784' New Hampshire became a free Pennsylvania, J Rhode Island and grown throughout the state and in some state. have for years been Connecticutt provided for gradual abolition. settlements whole-acrrevised their Virginia and Maryland planted with them. We keep our organization in running order and move whenemancipation statutes and Congress passed ever opportunity presents. An energetic in 1787 the ordinance which forbade slavcompany of ladies of Springville entered ery existing in the territory north of the into the spirit of raising cocoons with a vim Ohio river. At a convention called in 1783 to parcel last season owing to the inducement offered and were very, suc- out the western lands into- states, a code, iy,the last Legislaturesome lack the favors was drawn providing for the aboljtion dT cessful, but through have not been complied with, which rather slavery after 1800 ; this was not adopdampens their ardor. They wish to get ted.! Benjamin Franklin was President their cocoons reeledup and have depended of the Philadelphia Society, whose memofar-seein- Slavery . g i EVENING THOUGHTS. The shades of night are falling, The day is ;; nearly done, bors mv h eth er miished Or whether just begun. Are laid aside. While musing 41 Comes a voice Look, look I say, And lo ! a glorious angel : Witfj my record for the day. ' I read of kind words spoken, I read of noble thought, And of a trying' lesson learned, -- Its-la Ofconflicts bravely-fougThere are resolutions written Of the good I meant to do, .And a promise to be humble, Charitable, patient, true. There, in bright golden letters, I can see my morning prayer With the heading : Trust in Jesus He will all your burdens bear. ht . . 1 . h es - - vate 