WOMAN'S hXPONKN'I spel are still living. reive the ' ,r 1 ::5 dvg i ft fcTtthtf t h i Id re n'r : vii re -- 4 'i ii i The-mee- m end e rs the' unurcn, ior which they endured 'hardships and trials. Sifter Mary had nimy excellent qualities ; she was full of integrity to the Gospel and true as steel to her friends and to the cause of .strong of truth she was a woman ' - conscientious, and possessed that to the truth and to her fidelity both which recommends itself in the friends, of religion,' liberty, or the home. champions ot - char-;u;te- ; rt . .ORGANIZATION AT BRIGHTON. -- On Thursday Jan. 14, 1S97 at 1.30 p. m, .:i meeting was held at Brighton iii' this County at the Branch meeting house for the purpose of re organizing the Relief Society on account of the death of the PresiSister dent, Sister Marys Ann Hazen. . Schoenfeld ..who had been first niihe Sister I Iazen presided. - Sing ing "Earth with her ten thousand flowers;" prayer by Bishop Frederick Schoenfeld; sing-in"Guide us O, thou great Jehovah." The Bishop made a few remarks in which he spoke of the growth of the ward.and how Brighton was. divided now inaking seven wards instead of one. Sister Schoenfeld poke for a few minutes, and .then Pres't. M. Isabella Home addressed the' meeting and alluded in sisterly and affectionate way to Sister Hazen, and of her energy in attending the 14th ward meetings, and h"W punctual she had been; and gave good counsel to the sisiers, exhorting them Xo be faithful and diligent and pray earnestly for the Holy Spirit to guide them. Sister E. B. Wells followed, dwelling uio:i the advantages of the Relief Society and the great work as a whole ; thought - -- g -- y m:;y did tiotTaltztrr the .world through the small beginning ; expressed" her love and appreciation of Sister Hazen. 'LIder L. John Xuttall made excellent remarks upon the great charitable and philanthropic work of the Society as a u hle; aiid explanations in egard to re . Bishop Schoenfeld spoke very kindly 'and' considerately of the sisters who had labored in the Society, there. 'Pres't. Horne was called upon to preside during the election of officers, and Sister organizing. i - tas S eere f a ryTEldef' ryV el sT(Tac Nu.Uall read the articles of Association, anl trie result of the election was Sister Ottilie 1 Schoenield, President; Lydia A, Brown and Lliabetli t Sherwood, Agnes M. Jones, Secretary Vice-President- s; Showed to wivMvi,w!,llU'rlc and the tru- - excellent remarks in appreciation of the benefit resulting from being active in the Relief Society. ' Sister CamillaC. Cobb was delighted to see the sisters of'Brighton ward and spoke admiringly of the work done by; the Relief Society in love, and charity. - The Bishop expressedJiis a ppreriaticm oL the visit of the sisters; and Brother Xuttall. The Doxology was sung and meeting was dismissed with prayer. ... EDITORIAL XOTES. - singing and prayer mimites of previous annual meeting were read and accepted,' also the Treasurer's report for the year. Remarks were made by the Picsideut and Mrs. M. Isabella Home, President of the Relief Society of this Stake ; President Ziua D. II . Young of the General Relief B. W. Society, . and the Smith Taylor, General President of the" Y. L. M.. I. A., and Mrs. Home's Counselors Annie 'Taylor Hyde '.and Clara C. Cannon, also Mrs. Lambert's Counselors and Bishop Wm. TJiorne. The subjects touched upon, were faith, integrity to humility in the Church, obedience, early experiences the signs of the times, storing of grain, home industries, the Woman's Extonent, and sustaining it as the official organ of the Relief Society and the' record of woman's work. After the meeting was dismissed all repaired to the tables prepared "where Bishop Thorne.asked a blessing, and a bounteous supper was partaken of and conversation became general. Suclraiinual gatherings' are productive of great good and promote a spirit of sociability and union. -- - -- Secretao-E.-B-rellsr-lrsT-- Vice-Preside- nt ES7 -- thc-Gospe- The secretaries of Stake organizations of the Ivelief Society are hereby 'officially notified to send full and. complete reports for the year 1S9.G not later than Feb". 2o,.i897 without fail to Mrs. K. B. Wells Constitution Building, Salt Lake City, Utah."' In the middle verse of the poem entitled " The Year of Jubilee " in Jan. 1, of this year, the last word in the last lines hould be seers instead of Love, and would as you It is simply perceive rhyme with pioneers.' a typographical error. complaint has reached us. as to the inefficiency of any of the ladies elected to any. office at the last election in November, when women were candidates on equal terms with men. To be sure there were but" few nominated and fewer still elected, yet tlfere were enough to prove the fact that women are competent to hold positions of trust and emolument;and men are generous, enough to admit their good judgment and capabilities. So far the women .seem perfectly able to hold their own ecpially as welLas men on any question that comes before the Assembly in either house. In Committee work they are quite as compe tent we are told and will certainly as the womenof Wyoming and Colorado have settled any doubts as to their being either too weak, or" too emotioual to take part in public affairs of the state or the" nation. In the evening, Jam 19, the Y. L. of the 7 th ward met at the residence of Mrs. Claire L., Clawson. Hct handsome parlors were well -- filled with the young ladies "ofthe ward. The exercises were similar to .those of other meetings though this was a special session ; the roll was answered with l, , o . Mc-Lella- ." gntverrn)'otf iYg- . ? beauti-Tulntimen- is " were sejyejl;. " Camilla Alexander, Treasurer ; Trustees, Hortense M. The Jones,. Sarah Gedge, AdaE. Walk. loliowing resolution was adopted. " ; Resolved, That the President be, and is,7 hereby authorized and instructed to make application to all. persons' whomsoever hold--jn- g the legal title to real property belonging to the Relief Society,, to make and deliver good or sufficient deed or deeds of all Mich property to Hortense M. Jones, Sarah " essay; on the Apocrypha by Edith "Gedge and Ada Walk." , was a part of the guide work ; After the organization was completed, remarks were made by President Home readings from Eugene Field by Kate upon the Prophet Joseph, President John Thomas ; Lyle Jones, Laura Foster, Lillie ' Taylor and the commencement of the work Webb and Alice Lambert sang a quartette,; in the early' days, and exhorted each-on- e which was very charmingly rendered, Poem holding a position in the Society to ruav "Waiting and Watching for me pffy her calling, and not envy any other or by Eugene Field, Rose Wallace ; some intrude upon another's "rights, illustrating other exercises were creditably given and and E. B. Wells addressed. her remarks by the humility of Joseph Sisters Lambert ; Refreshments in t! nrrsMlm'.'ntithnr. helpers, company were treated to lties in that branch, an ! comparing it with views (through a stereoscope) brought,, by a Dr. Allen who came there previous and Mrs. Clawson frotu.the continent when she Had shown no to the position occupivisited the holy land with Sister Eliza R. regard ed by John Taylor (afterwards President of Snow. The was a very pleasant the Church) then President' of that branch : one as well asevening the afternoon, and we trust closed with a blessing upon the Society and profitable to all,, as well as helpful, td the prayers for its progress" o worK. Counselor Annie T. Hyde made some On Tuesday Jau. 19,. 1897 was the pertinent remarks, urging tlie young woannual meeting of the Seventh ward men to' take hold of the work and gave, ex cellent advice, encouraging, every, one of Relief Society, held in the vestry" of the meeting house, Mrs! Mary Alice Lambert them tt be enrolled as members. Counselor Clara C. Cannon made some presiding. "After the usual' exera'ses of rojKrct-li- e As-yet-n- work had been done, all over rfr 101 n, R. S. REPORTS. ' I5INGIIAM STAKE. Dear Sister - : The Quarterly Conference of the Bing- ham Stake Relief Society was held at. Menau Dec. 12, 189.6, President Emma J. Bennett presiding. There were present on the siand the Presidency of the Stake, also Apostle John Henry Smith. After the opening exercises, E. J. Bennett said she hoped every society would be represented. Pres't Jardiue reported the Lewisville society as doing a good work and had considerable grain on hand. Pres't. Richardson reported the Amnion ward Society ; said meetings were well attended; they had just completed their granary, had two hundred bushels of grain on hand. Pres't. Shelley reported the Shelley Society in a fair condition. Pres't. Green reported the Menan Society, Pres't. Morgan reported the LaBella Society as doing a good wcrk relieving the poor and gathering grain. Pres't. Barrett reported the Willowcreek Society'. Pres't. Gorden reported the Rigby -- iSoxietyJisbeing:iH had three hundred and thirty-nin- e bushels of grain on hand. Sister Hanson," Couu- selor to Pres't. DabelL reported the Grant Society as doing a good v work. Pres't. James Steel alsofRXL.. By bee of the Stake Presidency spoke to the sisters and were much pleased with their reports, and felt to sustain the sisters in their labors... There wTere several other branches reoorted ir bishops or members of the Society. . by-the- . 