r Un;s;: exponent 21:; "'T oftHe reat ... .! i. roved ,, num. mc uus il' and he minion- of Joseph the prophet; .and felt happy inseeine the far,,' tVitshe . . a"uul . r .t... -- .trr gathered m the rnnff'rfMr. 01 ,i?riv lo iuc I. - WZr- l'It-;,v- v J -- TiTc- J-' if p : 4 : , , r. - .u- l i - iiNU ,. , ...... n -1 xi . , .n Mal UI im- - U'- - always say good out .of the louse ver-tf- 1 itilWUi U hem cpuld speak Y; l ...u sum c an, i , . 'm r V' 1 . . , Use ivlci: a month,. a cytuin few attend and they were a little behind, but since the other uk-.- it andother 'places j Dr. Hills k. cotuir;; kit it a irre it hiringShefrom with some cf her to speak to L diilerently. thest who d o'm lh(ht board had visited once a. year around- the Stance, walad to hear their remarks some of the nearer- branches Dwelt i.rinefnallv i Stake and, i uuu lulu j iHujiir to- travel oftener. .Uiey-had fwifery; ljit7iniit llicre in voting. Keponeu uiaiuiey were saving trainednKumc branches in the settlements for a reserve fund, she enjoyed of Zson; hoped the up inoaey would take the her labors, never enjoyed anything so iniich under advisement and see to it iliat iuater President Hifima J . Bennett, o Uinghaui aulfieient number' wcie 'trained in .these Stake, said , the Relief Society presidency things, tint the sick nnt ...tr' f.,r were always invited to go around the Stake suitable help. - Spoke of tile sick children with the presiding brethren, they went in and advised simple remedies, wagons md by drain. Felt there was ;uy rieslvleiifj and;SrRicluf ids TolTo wed " Br7 greater' work than' the one we are engriged Shipp aild iclated some of her. experiences "Willi childfeur She had enjoyed, heading in, and spokr! of the laying up of gfaiu they had 1S00 bushels now and expected to iroin'far-olplaces, thought" when we heard have more this harvest. Knew the sisters of sisters visiting lo'such distant localities it had been blest in the work of the Society, , was a testimony to us of the truth ,of the work in w hich we are engaged; she believed and felt happy in her labors. S President Temperance Hinckley, Bannock" in making work fur those who- needed help Stake, reported all in. gootUkiiditioii. They and were able to work, it .would keep them Tiad branch organized recently in lrom evil, urged the srsters to takebetter care Anaconda, Montana. They had to travel a of their girls, also to teach 'their sons as their daughters .to .come up by dedistance of 600 miles around in visiting the branches, V and we go once a year always grees and arrive at a higher point in time, and do all we possibly can to "encourage, the not go ahead too fast". Sister Young had Msters and promote union and good feeling, given her a text to 'speak- upon but lelt it There may be boys and girls we have a good band of willing and faithful" was too late. who would take places to work and' earn sisters." President Elizabeth Fox, Oneida Stake, .means, instead of having it'given to them. said she had not been very well "but felt im"I am a friend to poor people," and we: all; proved in health since she came down to know they are to inherit trie kingdom." some incidents in reference Ho getting the General Conference, believed if was a little relaxation to get a way irom cares employment for btiys, spoke of our all StaKe felt a if b- C j I -- - -- 1 Jong-distance- ..j-vi- nr,tTu ux-F- .v-.-r- m-i'- -- y 1 - one-ne- Re-date- l . d - 5pdktr u rxm-- t herattriuestrtraT " a good testimony of the Gospel and to her experiences' in theChurch. Bore alluded President Kittie E. Dixon, of Star Valley Stake, reported all the branches in 'coin condition, all feeling well in the work and enjoying a good spirit; she felt the work was progressing and the sisters para-tiyelygoo- making the Jbest , use of their opportunities. They had to travel fifty and sixty miles to visit .but were always welcomed and enjoyed seeing the sisters.Presi lent Iabel A. Hakes, of Maricopa Stake, gave a good report, said the sisters tad assisted' in building the Stake Tabernacle and, furnishing it, and .had bought a . JYer experiences. ter had. admonished them' that to pray more in time of sickness and have "more faith would lessen the sickness, and give them more Time to go to meeting; but after the death of her child she felt to rebel and said she : Sister Rich- work for what we obtained. ards blest the sisters and asked the Lord to " bless them in the name of Jesus. Singing 2 p. in, until Doxology. Meeting adjourned Benediction by Sister B. V. Smith. ; " concerning Joseph the prophet and the Latter-day work. President Sarah Pope, Uintah Stake, said it was her first visit, to the city in. eight years; had enjoyed the time very much, in the Stake where she presided they had two conferences in a year and' traveled around twice a year, mey nau eleven nunureu bushels of grain and t wo granaries and ore;- the Iiranches-i- ii building Uintah were very scattering, they had to travel a, hundred and sixty five 'miles to visit; rejoiced in the spirit of the work1 and felt to press on and try to encourage others. . President Ziua D. H. Young presiding. Singing 4Now '' let us rejoice, etc. Prayer by President Susan Grant. President SarahM. Kimball was the first speaker, she prayed that someSoci-etthing might be said beneficial to the and remarked that a president of one of the Stakes of Zion had said we were raising a; set of tramps, wondered how far the Relief Society was responsible for these things. She recalie! that the first thing the first president of the Society, Sister Emma Smith, did, andToseph's instructions to the employment ior ine Society were to tind x be kept, by the Society. poor, who had to 'There will corne a time, when We shall he in this respect brought nearer to each other than we are now.She. sbtoimes thought 'Tf the of Heber C. Kimball when hesaid, ' Sister 'Kim- l ord could afford it he could.exercis uponi ball had been very much Aftkknoox Session:' didn't know as 'she cared for The Lord, The Indians; in baskets and nrp;prF .cement it over, there are 1300 Indians 111 Waricopa Stake and only 1 Soojvhite-- people. Mary B: Eyring, oiJuafez take Mexico, made an excellent representation i"elt the sisters, improved in a temporal way, there were not many who had to be provided for, and they had the ncces-ne- s m" life if they had hut the luxuries. blster Eyring. talked about silk culture in a en-cr puctical wa they have a. line whr . y, . IVe-al- ent 1 ter-- a elt-tt-Av- as-a and - which- - habits-.f-uidiist- ry seriousone, would be , taught and practised.Smith was glad- to see Counselor B. W. - SO tT many present and had been pieasea witn - CJ" T.r rpTMrts in tf i;.VA i.AiMiy become verv "r- - ( j that there are Lat- Ar Quints we ci:i have an organization tli--- 1 0 ' 1 ' . . - . - ;nd t t hisTua should be dealt with m ..-- in-tend- ediDr. R. B. Pratt testified that she-felfied and built up in attending the General conference and also in the Relief Society conference. The Society had been a great blessing as well as a great labor, felt we shou Id use every effort possi ble i 11 the way, of progress. Urged; the young sisters to study and become acquainted" with , their own organism' and the general principle of hygiene, it would make7 every woman a greater blessing to herself, to her fam- ily and to the community, and "she would be. able to do more good in all places; felt as a- people ve hould--ad vocate - these- - things' more, that no yvard or .settlement sho.uld lie without efficient nurses and educated pract-tionerthat much suffering might be saved. - - we would laugh if we knew how they hied to tOie grain in five gallon tin cans; related some of their An Indian sis-- 3 111 organizatioa in Baker City, Oregon. 1 ----- T . meaii.N ' . - T w , - as-wel- . . d , .V.....: iuuei.?c . ..-.- ! s trf.1.1 uiv-- w Zl , H'-n-t? . - S4 ,. f Vs! J' or .1... r.'---' ":;". iiioe SMioneded help and were able, to work '"and ' ' earn wniething for themselves., .Eelt that we were training ourselves to live' perfect and to purify ourselves. as to be prepareil for the millennium; ' knew that the, were the ones who paid tithing urged p)or; the sisters to do the duties neajest and io im- - v prove in every goui thing., and not to neg- ,4 lect their Temple work. President M. Is.ibella Home felt we had had a most enjoyable conference, spoke of il"?. bng distance soinediaiLtr ivekdaoJit- .!. tend conference, two' thousand miles; stated that it was fifty-fiv- e years last March since ' the sisters were organized, now we were known in almost .every land? . Speaking of the large number of pwr to be prt)vided for she mentioned that in some wards there were as many as two hundred dependent or. pratically so.some there were one hundred, in L others fifty; those wdio InaTTu ; the country do not know how hard it.is for us to take , .care of so many dependent :iipou charity. Bishops and brethren in the country have so much to lo and are not able to get suf' V ficient help; if some of those in the-citwho need work voul.d go out into the country and get work instead of living oiTother peo" . 7 ple it would.be better all around. : 'She felt ' most of the branches in Salt Lake Stake were doing very well and were stirred up'to ; their duties in savintr irrain. referred to the conditions in the world and bore testimony ... -- . -s- s, Sister E. B, Wells spoke upon silk cul ture as employment for those who needed to tedielped, the practical adaptation of it in our climate,the- results already achieved ,also spoke of sustaining our own home literature and especially the need we Jrad for making -in rthisvvayT--me- ntioned other .matters and d wel tarnestly upon the need of younger women interesting themselves in charitable and philanxv thropic labors. President E. S. Taylor spoke very forcibly upon the need of the sisters sustaining tlie "Exponent,"" made some definite points ' in favor of Jhe xaper and the wide field .here was for home literature of this kind, - , 