Mil J'!', . "The .birds' put oil their every hue-To drjrsi a room lor Montague." . , At..;; '.-- . ft' 'st She was even more popular than her illustrious kinswoman, Lady Mary Wortley Montague, whom it" is said suffered' by the comparison of her letters with those of Lady returning superintendent, after so many years she was surprised, by the many changes'. 'made in old residences and' public buildings. While liejrc she visited all the places of interest and was greatly pleased" with the Hall of Relief. : .. .. Elizabeth.. The great Dr. Johnson said of her: "She exerts more mind in conversation than any " Ox Thursday Nov. IS, in company .with However, her Sister E. S. Taylor, General President of person I ever met with." greatest fame. lay in her Essay on the the V. L. M. I. A., we had the pleasure of visiting Logan and attending' the confer"Writings and Genius of Shakespeare." Dr. Romania B. Pratt in heavy rustling ences of the Relief Society and the V. L. .silk, her beautiful hair in natural curls, so M. I. A. of Cache Stake. Roth these conferexactly like the portrait of Felicia Dorathca ences were very, entertaining and well atHemans as we see her in books, with fan and tended." The presidency of the Stake were reticule and scroll making a complete study irl attendance, one or more at each meeting, of the character, read one of the sweetest also other brethren, and the various reports from all parts of the Stake were quite satispoems written by this favorite author. Miss Pearl Russell as Lady Clare in simfactory and indicated the growth and imple gown with a rOse in her hair, repeated provement being made in many departments, of organized effort. We expect to receive a verse from that charming poem of Tennyson's and looked as timid and as sweet as the minutes lor publication -- consequently., the beautiful Lady Clare herself possibly need not go into details, but will add that coiild hid she stepped out from the poem. we were delighted with the visit and in seeAimee Schiller handsomely dressed repre- ing some friends of early days, especially sented the "Scarlet Letter" in a style new some of Ezra T. Benson's family. Sister and unique and her reading was excellent Adeline Benson at the great age of eighty-fou- r as well as her choice in the; selection. years, in fact she will be 'eighty-fivDr. Ellis R. Shipp with a beautiful dress next March, retains her good looks and bet- has-'bee- Ml-children- 1 ! -- e of black silk cv.irainc and flowing sleeves of glistening .white that might have been wings of angels so airy and fluttering they were, carrying in each hand a luxuriant bunch of chrysanthemums and accompanied by her two daughters Olea and Ellis on either side as maids of honor, made a splendid picture of the Queen of Sheba, and as she gave the quotation held up first the bouquet of real flowers and then the artificial, asking which was the true and which the fake and adding the half had not been told, overcome as it were with the splendor and magnificence of Solomon's ""Court: Harriet Mrs. E. B. Wells came in-Martineau. the English writer of works, upon political economy and others rather remarkable for a woman even in the early part of this century, her costume such as she had heard her mother say was worn for she had lived'about the same period as Miss Martineau. Next came Mrs. Lizzie S. Wilcox who gave the most humorous representation of all, and strange to state though it was so well done the classical scholars of modern date were not able to guess. She had the tailor's goose, patches in profusion and wore a man's coat, sat at the table not precisely tailor fashion, however, and the fun she provoked was quite exhilarating as After this the nfeeting Sartor Resartus. ndinnmpd and the sweet voune.eirfs and a few of the ladies of the club served delicate refreshments, and there was some music etc., and a pleasant chat in the pretty parlors, tastefully decorated with Autumn flowers, and sp ended the club evening of October, 1S97. ter still all her faculties of mind and body; although not able to go out very much she converses well on the topics of the day, reads the newspapers and keeps up w;ith the times. -- rs e : d as . ose-Jones- . -- " : j her-ver- y . . " -- . . " On Saturday Nov. 20, Mrs. M. Isabella Home's birthday anniversary was celebrated bv a few of her intimate friends and at her home in this city. The octendent and her first assistant, Lillie T. casion was a happy one, although the numin ber assembled was small comparison to Freeze and some of the members of her the multitude of women, who. would have board, Aurelia S. Rogers of Davis Stake, been pleased to honor and congratulate her and Sisters B. W. Smith, M. A. Freeze aud others. A very fine prognm had leen on attaining the great age of seventy-niu3 eais and retaining-such-goohealtkaiido. prepared and was well rendered. There Arnong-tho- se much of the vigor of life as to enable her to were solos, duefs'ahdTrecitarions: that should be especially noticed were perform the arduous labors "devolving upon her In .the various callings in' which she Josie Morris, Frankie Young, Miss Tibbetts We have not officiates among the organizations of the. and Shirley Pen; for details but we are told it was a women of Zion. The party resolved itself spaed intoli meeting and Mrs. Br WSmith was chosen to preside. The sisters present each Greene Richards read an original poem that expressed their love and appreciation of shejiad written for the occasion which was Sister Home and "said many good things very apropos aud well received. Remarks . calculated to stimulate her and each other were made by several leading brethren and Dr. guests which were full of encouragement in good works and labors of love. Elvira S. Barney read a paper prepared 'for aud due praise for the good work done by the veteran lady in whose honor the party the Primary Associations, and as a matter had met, which gave an epitome cf the life of course delicious refreshments in abunand labors of Sister Home and of the pro- dance were served to all present by the gression of women in general, and what the young women and girls who are laboring thus good cause. These good sisters who Gospel had done in uplifting mankind. in Many little gifts, mementoes of love and spend time and study to make the Primary friendship were given, and delicious refresh Association a success are worthy of comments partaken of. Although not present mendation and praise for their diligence and faithfulness in their calling, and we trust, we also join in fervent congratulations, will be an impetus to those hoping for Sister Home increased .' vigor of the reunion mind and body to pursue her labors among who are indifferent or unaware of the great useful responsibility of those who have been called the sisters, in Zion, and that ; life may be prolonged until her work on to assist in this important work. ' earth is fully, accomplished. ,. 7 EDITORIAL NOTES WOMAN AMERICAN The Utah Kindergarten Association NATIONAL ' SUFFRAGE ASSOCIATION. ; Mrs. Lillian Hackett Culver of gave one ot its popular entertainments'" on residence of Monida, Montana, recently paid a visit to Friday evening Nov. 19, at the The 1 hirtieth 'Annual Convention will was our city remaining a iew uap. ml. Mrs. Mina M. Cannon. The program be held in theColumbia Theatre Washulver is a cousin of the late Gen. D. H. an excellent one, " some of the best home D. C, beginning Feb. 14, and endWells," and also something of a newspaper talent proffered their services for "sweet ington. Mrs. Florence Marian ing Feb 19, 189S. correspondent. She was on her .way East charity's sake." has studied This meeting will be of special interest music abroad, to visit relatives in different states, Kansas, Dinwoodev who Miss Delia Davnes who is a great favor and significance as the Fiftieth Anniversary also Massachusetts New York, Illinois, Iowa, of the First convention ever held to demand and Maine. Mrs. Culver visited Salt Lake. ite and has a sweet, clear voice, Mr. Sales. co-labore- '. co-labore- rs . . and a few faithful 'associated witli her have spared no effort or , pains to establish and sustain a Kindergarten in Salt Lake City, for the training of the little folks. It a great undertaking and thtTse who look on and criticise know nothing comparatively speaking of the labor and anxiety it has taken to do the lUe already accomplished. If the 'people generally, and especially the parents of the sin knew how beneficial this kind", of training would be they would assist with a "will and the few would not' have to carry the burden as tney do now and have ever since the enterprise was started. But the ladies are grateful for the patronage they do receive at the entertainments and lectures which have been given, and still feel to persevere In the good "cause, trusting that the people in general will soon become better acquainted with the helpfulness of Kindergarten work. An enjoyable reunion of the officers of the Primary Association" of Salt Lake Stake and invited guests was held on Thursday afternoon Nov. iS, in the 14th Ward Assembly Hall. The affair was under the direction of the suerintendent of the Primaries of this Stake, Sister Camilla C. Cobb and her board of assistants. It was the first event of the kind and proved to be a delightful social gathering. The decorations were in charge of Sisters Ella W. Hyde and Kate Wells and were very artistic and pleasing. Nearly every ward in the Stake was represented by its respective officers. Presidents Angus M, Cannon and Jos. E. Taylor were. . 