.. a 7 . . .WOMAN'S" EXPONENT. ' . 1 ... a. l a . ... .4.. i . ft w Aft anii inv public life .".the sisters had been a great help to the brethren in the Church. Reported said in and Stake their they four wards intheelements from draw their support stead of complaining of hard times. "Little things put together make, something gigantic in all;" favored the laying up of wheat, thought the war clouds several o! them now looked threatening. The same good spirit is in the sisters meetings;- testified to the spirit of the Conference. Bishop Thomas, of Idaho Falls, spoke of humility, brought un the example of the Savior when he was.at the fire broiling. fish; and asked his disciples, to come and dine with him; sjoke of the Scripture which says " He that is least" among you shall be greatest;" also referred to the society of the nf Wnth OI Old C;.i mwl itnnfi.il 1u " Whither thou goest I will go. and where thou lodgest I jvj niotl ge f ' fehJLboae were 4fOod"bIess you all; his sentiments. " , - . T" - . ' .. ... . " v " Society had been organized in Brighaui reCity; made some good and encouraging'own-, marks about sericulture and the land "ed by the sisters and the number of mulberry treesthey' had. on- it, said' last year the sisters came from Logan to gather mulberry leaves from their trees and take over there to feed the- worms. .' Sister Booth Brig-ha.spoke of the. .new Tabernacle, built in City, and how the Relief Society had helped the .brethren in the work of getting, .' . it furnished etc. . President Voting made some closing remarks and gave notice of the evening meeting, at 7.30, invited all to attend and Singing hojtfd to see the "house filled. ' .offered was by Doxology; benediction Elder Christian J. Larson. Kv B. We ixs, Secretary. - - m .was boru jii the 'tpw&.oi Newor. Oxfr. rd j Ikt in the year "im. ner parents belorid to the MethoUst creed in which church .she was an active member, but her mind v.,s much troubled about what would beco::;c of her' hereafter. In the year 1S34 IkivA Bean and Johii T. Boynton, Eldens of of Jesus' Christ of Latter-daSaints town-oin the were preaching sewry aini of her father. At tii it called at the house sicic', time her mother lay yery having blL:i Doctors. These Elders given up by the. new thev of the told her Gospel wtr. y- f preaching and saicLJf she had faith they W0U1U lay Iiaiius un JitJ aim 511c wuuiu iff healed. She told them she knew nothing-otheir doctrine but if .it werev true, .she knew she would be healed; accordingly they laid hands on her and commanded-hein. the name of the Lord Jesus Christ to be TOR-LT, I XOTlvS. ED anadf whole. - She immediately arose htkI and said ' I m u st ; Madamij Mount for n delivered" her to the water;" at the' same time ,some of Amen." new. lecture " The Lite 'of Jacob " in the her children were praising and others conSalt Home M. Isabella Sister reported, Tabernacle April S. The rendering of this demning, and her husband, who never of Lake Stake, spoke having organized subject was exceptionally fine. embraced the Gospel, said, " Well that this the Relief branches 'of new Society beats Doctor bills." She walked one h.df in a part and We desire to. explain to our subscribers mile Crescent Kast at Jordan, year to the Bear river where she was bapthe sisters and petrous that the Book of Poems is nearly of South Cottonwood; thought tized arid confirmed, and at which place a ' were doing a good work. " The women, ready, the steel engraving has come,, the large branch of the Church of Jesus Christ . who have, labored faithfully and grown covers are finished and the remaining pages of Latter-daSaints was raised up. old in the service need some who are young will soon be printed. The delay has been Her daughter Elrza Ann at once received'... and vigorous to come forward and help, caused more on account of the revision and the work is aii interesting one; said it copying of poems written long ago, many the Gospel and was baptized, and in t!:e in company with her. brother would be sixty-onyears in July since she o them scattered' here and there that never year 1836 was baptized,' and had labored ever since in had been published, had to be collected and John Carter, Mary Ann Stearns and Phebe Carter started for Kirtland, Ohio, arriving the interests of Zion, her desire was to go corrected. She "was. inAugust 10th the same year. on laying up treasures in heaven, by look- vited into the family of Hyrum Smith Mks. Emma J. McYickkk gave a Kening after the poor and needy which ispleas- where she labored as aii assistant in 'housesington tea to a party of ladies oh Thursing in the srght of the Lord. 8 in honor of her sister, Mrs. work. There she became acquainted with Sister Mary E. Lightuer was the next day, April who is here on a visit.- The afterthe whole Smith family. She was invited speaker, she stated that she was baptized Morgan, in social into the choir. by William Cahoon and there into the Church October 15, iS.vv.and. had.! noon, was very enjoyably passed the tea" was served in the became intimately acquainted A'ith Emma passed through all the persecutions of the i conversation, mid tin refreshments were Smith nnd mn Huntington (now oungi. Saints-ranlor all the adversities" she had daintiest stvlf, delicious. Mrs. McVicker is a most genial I have quite a portion of history written by experienced she was glad, "for so shall we hostess and knows how to bring the right her own hand, at the age of seventy-four- . be perfected and prepared to enter into 1 is These social entertainrest; .we are yet to have the law of "God jK'ople together. " I had my patriarchal blessing uudtr written in our hearts when Joseph turned ments are certainly very pleasant and it the hands of Father' Joseph Smith, the the key of .knowledge for the sisters in the 'does seem a rene ,val of friendship to meet xitriarch then, in the Kirtland Temple. I ..." break bread" together, and is reand the of for women the also was it iChurch, and others were on the top of .the Temple j world a portion of it, and they have le en freshing to those who amid the. hurry and and sung " The Spirit of God like a fire is bustle of a busy life occasionally stop to ever since." awakening greet the friends they love, but seldom burning." Sister; Mary L. Woolf, of Alberta Stake, That was when I was eighteen years old. ever see. And so we are grateCanada,, rejoiced to hear what, had been ful to Mrs. McVicker andparticularly other ladies who I was in Kirtland when "the Temple was spoken, was glad to see Sister Young the have remembered us when 'making up a dedicated and when the stars fell from heavPresident of the Relief Society, and to hear en dnd saw them when they fell." social gathering. her talk to the sisters; knew many of the I ate and drank with the Prophet Joseph women upon the stand through hearing her and'Emma Smith at the wedding of Elder EIGHTY YEARS. mother speak of them. Sister Woolf said, Goodson at Parle) P. Pratt's house. M am living a long way from here but Sister Katharine K. Palmer, PresiWhen I was "living" at Hyrum Smith's possibly it seems farther off to, you than it dent of the Eighth ward Relief Society, I thought that he was the best man I ever does to me. . I am glad we have been call-,eto this land jn the north, there will be a was pleasantly surprised on April '6th, by saw, he was so kind to .his family and he good chance for our sons to make a start the officers and teachers of that Society and prayed in. his family three times a day. . of and understand the Gospel in its true light. three daughters and a daughter-in-laI married James C. Snow in 1S3S and on her Sister at Pdmer the of close calling ,Our children will go on and carry on this started with William- - Carter, my brother session afternoon of the it Conference, work, it must be so.". and his family for Far West, Missouri the her After eightieth birthday. parSister Susannah .Booth, of Box Elder being same year. It was cold weather- and we of the was in spent suffered much with the cold, but we travel- by Sister Widerborg, taking supper and evening ; Stake,wasjnest the President, to report alfdTwas "Twilling to recitmgr singing ed until we came to Terre Haute, Indiana, a Sister Palmer has twin sister is who L do so,' as she could givea good report of i and one of our oxen died, leaving us with still d livinganxirwhdwas-alsourprisee the sisters there, and they were good; the one ox, so we were obi iged to 7 st op. in ;her residence New Jersey by had no money, no house "to go in and we President is careful to attend to the poor relatives who reside in the Eastern andxvisit the sick. The speaker said Sister many got the privilege of going into a horse stablestates. T Wid'erjiorg often asked her to go with her to and I cleaned it out and was glad to get inE. E. P. F. , visit around among the sisters; spoke of to a place out of the storms. ... After stopthe sickness in their midst, in the first, ping in Indiana a Tew. weeks'. Hyrum second, ancfttiird wards in Brigham City A BIOGRAPHICAL SKETCH. Smith's company came along, and he being the had and to had be diphtheria they acquainted with me said to me, Mf you Eliza' Ann Carter was the daughter will ride in' my baggage .wagon I" will take spoke of having been engaged in of Relief the llie work Society ever since a of John Carter and Hannah Libby. She you along and you can drive the. team airf n-'nr- il -- -c- alled-for-her-clothes . . y ." e . , , . - j ; I 1 ; . - . - , d w . - pleasant-converse- at -- - - , . quar-antine- d; . f . 