107 to ;'Sr$Nir,wiK; FIFTIETH SHI PI OX JIER BIRTHDAY. K. K. . "to. the Incue nili LonslJution .in ron torm.it v sight which wo often ,see to the same. Again, Iowa stand- - alonc'bu. speaks of Ouinioteuce. .all .the N i i h went- ? h iff--ttO. 1 v at : hom?rt".t-.:- : ' c . riiROUCii iiUy ytfars'f- 'ami can it For hall a checkered century - f bt standard tne oi ,;V1 ' ; V.' snt y7-nde- of suffrage bv where we live 'giaud views Alps n and Lake LtKerne, one of the loveliest, in The trials of mortality a citieu of the t'uiud Stalin. ., we ' Have been thine own ? " At every election held withiir her. ;pre- -4J Switzerland, arrive at' Lucerne whereHale. '. That placid face, arid brow serene, pass the' night at Hotel Victoria sent borders, whether ;K a a carriage over put of Michigan When I came before-looThat retful air"ancl queenly mien, or that or as the territory or the Disclaim the years that thou hast seen, picturesqne Ihiuiig Pass to Lucerne, state of Iowa, full citizenship ha. always situated on the Lake in full view of the ' And all their cares disown"" been a liecessary quality ffr an electHr. Pilotus and other Alpine Rigi Kuleu, Vou are engaged in the inleicst of theThe sunny, days of youth are past the whole Jorms a beatitiful panor' futher extension of the electorate. Your Ieaks,:. Those blissful days that could not last, 'while the Lake, shores are rich in association has been working' m this line ama, . Hy memory's silvery veil o'er cast of Tell.' The river Retiss empties ior years. Vou bring with you abl.e advo-- . legends And age comes creeping on. into the Lake, it has several .jiuint wooden eatcs; among them distinguished and re- But calm and steadfast is thine eye, the historical are the Muchlcn-hrucke- , bridges; .' uowned veterans life's future Your right to be heard To face mystery on the ceiling i the picture ot the for and 'free fill dbetrcsion noble To will neither be thy destiny " Dance of Death," Longfellovvs " Golden denied is nor run on soil race the free of Iowa Until thy abridged is a lion Legend.") The Lion where the intelligence of the people . is. cut iututhe living ick and i'tatued by vines Can we, who know thy Stirling worth, sufiicicnt to warrant of the exercise free ' and overhanging trees ;. the "dying lion Regret thy fifty years of earth, free and efforts Your ve ha thought speech. trans ixed by a broken lance defends with And wish the record of thy birth been rewarTIetriTTlarriiigKirtHi sutTr7jge"T" BurUm Lily.1' A lesser sum had given ? pathos and grandeur the-"in many of our States and the; establish-..- . This .monument is t t.he faithful 'nid biave Can we who know thy love and truth, Mem .oi universal suiirage in four of them the Rigi Kuleu We Helvetians. E'er doubt thy soiilV perpetual youth, while in lands the progress has where we have a fine view foreign ICislein .and Or think that time's relentless tooth, been equally, marked, in .Great Britain ex- - Northern Switzerland. The eye sweeps Could make thee less of heaven ? tending, I understand, to the election of over eleven lakes, plains and stieams f to every offer except Representatives in U the crest of the Jura mountains a:. d over Had I a wish and' it were'given, Parliament. And you, no doubt, feel" forti- - 'j the Bernese Oberiaud A wish (f earthly drosses riven, Aljis, a circuit of fied in fact the that where the electorate three hundred miles. As we asceinl the A boon to rivet faith in heaven, . has been once extended, in no instance has 5,yoo feet we sec the valley dotted with . And faith in constancy, the step ever been retraced. The sweetest wish that I could 'nam, blue lakes, while- shining I association on the aeaks rise one behind another until the congratulate your Of woman's worth or woman's fame, and brave of women which it is f bbt is lust iu cloll,u. intelligence n t!;e di stance. the The dtarest hope. that. I coilld frame, ana tlie p,rMstencyl energy and Jura l:ieu Higcr an many other peaks. composed, That there were rnore tike thee. zeal with which the work has been carried On our return", ihu !v t ml (if the descent on. Oil, may thy onward path in life we pass by the" remains of the" Golden landHe crowned with all thy heart's desires " I .trust 'that the association will have a slide which buiied all iu its ruins. And mind and lip, and eyes still glow Kim. pleasant and enjoyable session, that its fires. With sweet religion's holy y liiembers will feel themselves benefited by Mav " He, who doeth all things well," the attendance and sojourn here," and that Make all thy future birthdays bright to their homes with happy they will return received an ovation on Miss ' A wish in which thy myriad friends well recollections, and pleased that the Feb. is, her birthdav. .The Rochester. in hope, and love, and joy unite.1. I tfventy-niml- i annual tri tie a.soDeinocnit ana Cito.'fe savs ; it seemed S.E. P; in held was ciation Iowa." as if the entire city t urned out to shake Miss Anthony's hand and offer congratulations, DRAKE'S WELCOME. GOVERNOR a:jd probably Powers Hall' never- held a -. LEAVEFROM MY JOUKNAL.larger crowd. The representative people x-w. s. a".,.jan. 27.. to Tin: of Rochester were--, there, society, profes ; TtTSHAY. DeC. K, 1S95. sional, literary and. clergy, and the busiI am glad to greet and welcome you to ness man anil 'woman were all to be seen, Continuing ; our journey via Como, the State of Iowa. No naticui 011 the globe --"the- -- wonderful - and - famous and a thoroughly happy, Eug"anoL arid entertains ,a liigher respect lnd admiration ' scenery of St. Gothard, through, the gathering it was, without the formality that lor its 'women than that of the United which No is more than 9 miles long, 26 ft. often marks large social functions. States, and iu the courtesy- and devotion be 77 high and takes twenty one would take Miss Anthony' to broad, 21. due to the nation's fair daughters, the galWe views had a trace of She , showed not years old. lant sons of Iowa are not behind those of minutes to pass through. is an scenes. It the grandest Alpine fatigue, but every energy ns alert, and any other itate. They love their own' and of elevated track in the central part of Switzerhappiness and, 4easipre. at the demonstraare so unselfish they admire them all. 14 tion of her tOwnsj'ple seemed to be the Of the organizations having a national land between1 the Cantons of Wei, Valais," Nirar her was the or continental scope of opeiaticn that have Ticino and the Orisons, is a circular plain prevailing- emotion. Anthony, and met in Iowa, Lean think of none'to which surrounded 'on all sides by some of the faithful sister, loftiest summits of the Alps. Not far from Rev. Anna Shaw, and Mrs. Ida Harper, our people will more cheerfully give welIn every respect the reception come than the body which now honors this Hospice is the source.jof theriversr Rhone, lier guests. biiuk of a was a success. It was an ovation, to Miss Reuss and Ticino. Un metropolis with its presence. vriich;rvve-passen h'ttle Jdmrcji Aihhdftn:.aifd - eave her more "Tour association holdsifmereTiiTinir in and five times the road winding pleasure coming as it did from her own State the territory of which has. i peculiar mountain and tunnels townspeople, than any of the 'many funchistory in respect of the suffrage. Since out through the her honor. the organization of this land as- a part of passes each time bringing the church "to tions that have been given-aa we saw . Wisconsin, the right of suffrage has been view. At one Alpine tovillage her friends and denied to no person because of the want of lovely bride bid adieu to-Tin: ladies of the Silk Association are pretty Chalet on the d of -- the'- non- drive'la way property possessionsror-becausmountain side.- Are't5bled;herTtlLthej6y-angettingalbhg nicely in tlieirlmdeavorto acT payment of. tax of some kind..; " Iowa shares with WisconsiiiThe honor brightness in her new, home her quire laud on which to piant a mulberry forest: They meet with discouragements of being a pioneer iu freedom of suffrage, happy face seemed to anticipate. We had beautiful visions of snowy "peaks occasionally, but so far are. overcoming all' because, in no territory or State whose his- fairly well, and if they receive the .tory began prior to that of AVisconsiu has and vast fields of sun. While .some of the obstacles and moral support they need from financial such freedom always prevailed. Again, higher pinnacles were dazzling in. sunlight, the their community success Iowa followed Wisconsin. in the adoption of in the distance was a snow- storm large " iu Sc George works manhood suffrage, they being the only beautiful flakes silently and rapidly falling, efforts, and a silk St.. George. states outside of New England where such While on the top the .sun. tinted the snow will be an accomplished fact. Union. with rose, amber and violet ; a most beautisuffrage obtained prior to the amendment ' . it ri-- ljt be exercised bv ;uiv , ' ' permit-- ' not lull v of-th- e' ' j j k I . ! j - ! ! ' ( e -- : ; ! ' j . . ! ; del j o-- f j i j .. j " - - snow-cappe- d 1 ' . ; ' . ! An-thun- ' v : ! - a. . -- good-nature- -- d tunnel-- - -- ; - - Miss-Mar- y -- : fVep-j4Ua- & -- ' nTob-lblv- d vas i . ' n - a e - - - will-crow- , 4 4 , - . i , - - n 