WOMAN'S KXrONKNT m'?"-- - would hear their prayers ' iie 101a lue cuuarep do .preserveu. to never forget their prayers and Qod would bless them. She said she had been a Latter-daSaint for .sixty-onyears, and thanked her Jleavenly Father for preserving her'life to the present time. Clarence Openshaw, from the 6th Ward gave a recitation. A motion song was rendered .by a numler of little girls from water from Frank the nth Ward. the 3rd ward gave a sketch i: n the Book of .Moriiiori, ... j 1 Iail to tlie prophet ' was A sketchy of sung by all the children. early pioneer life in Utah was given' by Ida Peck of Cannon ward. Song by Annie Peterson of the 12th Ward. Recitation "by Klhel Snow from Draper, Song by Lizzie Stringfellow from the same phce. A drill was very nicely rerdered by ten little girls from the 15th Ward,, west branch association. Recitation by Chloe Brown, from , e y 1 : B-- ck Snow's- poems was recited by May Alder, from the 2nd "Ward. Myrtle Bagley from the . 16th ' Duett by Delia Ward gave a recitation. Seddon and Luella Harold from the 5U1 of KlizaR -- Kast-Draier.-One Ward. Sister Lydia D. Alder expressed he1" pleasure in listening to the exercises, and to see how beautifully the children were being trained, and said it was a blessed work to b: engaged in.. The children would always remember their Primary teachers. Announced that the 2nd Ward would have a Fair during the week and invited ail to visit it. Sister Lula G. Richards of the General board, spoke in regard to Sister Roger's book, said she was the founder of - the Primar) and hoped tluy would assist in publishing her book. President Cobb made some closing reAfter- singing "in our lovely marks. - jj u, K. W. Hyde, Sec. NOTES AND NEWS. Bulgarian women are studying medicine at the Faculty of Nancy in France. k in College ,''' .mnaa she was a, conFor many-year-s at a large tributor to ttic New York salary, and! also wrote short stories for Lippincott. Latterly her work has teen seen in the daily papers, and her essays on women for the American Press Association Mrs. Dallas commanded wide , attention.was a member of Sorosis, the of the Woman's Press Club, and a admirers. , . w The campaign in South Dakota was gun hv October, with a series of two-da- bey county conventions, under the auspices of the National Organization Committee, to be held in the most important counties. Mrs. Annie M. Mac Lean, a graduate of Acadia University, Nova Scotia, took the degree of Master of Philosophy at the University ofJ. Chicago in "July. .. Miss Mc- Lean'.'is the nrst Lanadiau woman to take a Her "higher degree from this university. thesis was on "Factory Legislation for Wo men in the United States." - 4 VT - - vice-presiden- - paid, of Mrs. F. N, West, 9 Rochester, N. Y. Club," whose purpose is to expose the fake advertisements which prove a snare and-Mrs. delusion to unsuspecting women. Dallas was tall with a beautiful, aristocratic face and stately bearing, while her manners were so gracious and her acts so kindly that she endeared herself .to all who knew her. She was fifty years of age; and began to write at the age of eight, when she com-- t xsed - a - pi ay -- 1 h a t - was - prod uced -- inkitchen. In 1S8S she 'estimated that she had written and sold at least, eight thousand stories and as many sketches. a - her-fathe- r's "- . J api-3- 3 Averil-Plac- ELLIS OR, e, R. SHIPP'S SCHOOL Tile Winter session of I)k. Ellis K. SlflH'.'s. School in Obstetrics and Nursing will befin October 11th, 1SM7, at her residence, 7f ('enter street, with rreat'ly improved facilities for instruction in tins important v For full particulars, please study. iddtvss Kb us R, S 1 1 in aim tnnnnrLriru innnnnnnj uxruxrLnnruriti x x mi UTAH CHARITY KINDERGARTKX. to be given at the Theatre tonight, Oct. 15, is to be one of the most unique affairs ever, given by the Miss May Earle has children of this city. been indefatigable in her labor to make it a success, and Mrs. H. S. Young, the presi- The entertainment . dent of the association, and her : Favorite. avf anl arrive S.il' TmiTi tin tilvct Merch co-worke- rs have worked incessantly to secure every possible advantage to make it telling and effective. Mrs. Kate Bride welL Anderson has rendered valuable assistance, and the" little people who are to appear in the oper-ratt(The Rebellion of the Daisies)have exquisite costumes. The parents of the children who are taking part have spared no I, kt I'i'y as DEI'AKT. ' Tli Ovcrirtinl Llmi.vil'' !or L'hknn , M. Paul. Ft. LoitK Oraafiii. Kaus .. Cily. Ih-t- er and I'ark 'ity "The Fat Mi l'," for ("lMr;ii:ot St. Lo'iK Ctiaaha, Kansas city und l'i-nve- Fr id three to twelve' hours quicker toni! aU-vpoiituUiau any otht r line. ARRIVE: "T Overland IJui fa!," Tom Chi- a h'l I'ark City . . . .. . Mail,"- fiom Chicren, Ft. 1"hu!. Si. Louis, .(Jtn.ihu, K,i sus 'Thf charitable enterprise. If the generous public will manifest. their interest in this philan-- " thropic movement to educate the little ones by patronizing the entertainment on the two occasions, tonight and Saturday Matinee, they will be more than lepaid in seeing this new and novel opera. Prof. H. S. God-darhas kindly consented to apppar: for sweet charity's sake. ( ( Women." The . 7; !0 a.m. rV m. 3.1'') p.m. Fa-- t ity'un'l Ik'iivcr . ITY Tl'ckKT OFI'l( i:, l ?l A Oh.m. l. S I . Telephone- No. CG5. The only ltit, oitrating Throuh Pullman Palace S!cjr. Libraiy, PafTvt Fmoker. Inning Cars, Ttairist Flic;ens aud Fret Recliolnfr Chan Ch7. - - F. d Lombroso, the daughter of the Italian professor has written a. volume, the title of which is "On the Happiness of n, . ! if" UiTs" Miss fi.l-l')- 1$.7);. 16, a Jf. II CLARK. OLIVER W. MINK. E. ELLERY . K. 5 q ANDERSON, V. J'JOANE, JO!I FREDERICK li. COUDERT, Receivers. L. LOMAX, G. P. E. DICKENSON, H. M. CLAY, t T. Agt. Gen. ManuRcr. Geneial Agent. uiJvmiJxnjxrLrLri ruxruxnsirLr. ruTJxrLrLruxn uub "annual business meeting of the U. F. W. C. will be held in the parlors of the Congregational Church,. Saturday morning October 23, at ten o'clock. Election of officers, amendments to the constitution "and other matters of business will' be transacted. IVIidcuifery Glasses. Romania B. rae net's, ;i Pratt R.E. THOMAS Removed to 48 and 50 Main SI.. SALT LAKE CITY. ecim- - class in midwifery, every the7 l . YdnVsdavs and Saturdays. promiueiit.unieniboLtheJL'Hidden JInii(l d J Thinl t. A medallion of Miss Anthony, prepared semi - annual eon fere nee. Special by the Rochester Club, is nine inches in courses of three months to mid- diameter, made of delicately-tinteplaster The reproduction is excellent, the features ,Aviyfiswhahaveeeiwinpraetiee.-Speciaterms iven to students sent clear and accurate, and the medallion an by any Relier Society. Forpar-ticular- s ornament that - would-ado- rn any homer address J W. South. Operatic repertoire a special. ty. Hours irom iu until z p.m.,1 p Luck-no- is .finished, it will be the finest educational building in India." - i Romania 13. please Pratt, Constitution. Bldr. Main St ' ' Salt Lake Citv. V .' v rol ' Sti'ulfo in Unity .Hall, 2S re-centl- - ..- - "When the Women's Formerly of Xew Orleans, and of ). Icn, has opened a Lcer - lat Bridu;ellrr)der50;v: (TV'S ... ;vvsc,'"x)tK, awui to'mrcc a host of friends and shock and 0 sorrow pa i iistroublenarexpenseoaid--- Counselor Joseph E. Taylor. Twknty-i-iv- Kyle- The Leading Retail Cash. House. 