110 EXPONENT.; v3PMAN'S v T'7ii1 do excel: ' moriting for the young people vmd"nshed over them, &Ua gave'-sotnlent advice ; prayed that the Spirit of the. to do all the good she could loj incm. Lord might restupon each one of us that Prayed we might all be humble. . Another stster bore her testimony, tell it was goou we might have a time of rejoicing, Sister Ilowarth bore her testr .Sister O. Brown said she felt well and to be here had ,fcU .had oue,; '.frieudf Jmlmy..., felt, .thankful: tlmU.we ' not witlistatldng.. the vvhoui-vv- - time hi, f, i' could turn in everv condition of Prest. urged the s;iler-- to be ever, prayerful and stormy weather and 'the absence redouble watchful, said herdicarf was filled with Home; hoped "the sisters would their efforts for the young people and the love-- for her sisters, she felt well and blessed Sabbath school work, inadeome. closing the sisters. Sister Maria Holt desired she might have remarks. Adjourned for two weeks ; the Spirit of testimony, said nothing gave ing " Lord dismiss us with Thy blessing;" her the joy and consohtum. like trying to benediction by Sister Margaret Taylor. Zina V. HUM., Sec. keej) the commandments of God, felt we were indeed a blest 'people we had much to them again : urKcd MKST AN'XUAL KH 'OR r Oh XUl: we were stw of RELIEb SOLIE I . the , sisters to persevere in their duties, . Referred to tlie Prophet Joseph Smith and.! NAUVOO, JWM.)is his-the sisters-t- o J be humble and true. sisters have nroba- -As verv manv of the Sister Lydia I). Alder said the spirit andcj bly never seen this report, and because it is the'burdeifof the Saints seemed "to" on record' in our own the vouth in regard to 'morality. ..Said slie woman s paper we iierewitn give a true was an earnest advocate of Sunday school copy as- - published in the ' Times A nd work, had always sent her children and Seasons " at Nauvoo, 111., August i, 1S43. later had been a teacher, said she thought We hope our sisters' everywhere will keep cm nil iK'cjtinitKr it was better to neglect some part of our ifIk 44.7 ........ of io o 1I1VU1V.HI." iniiintit tf v4 tlif .....v... -work and to tielp"'loteach:h'e Editor.grand organization. in tin? work we were " feeding tlie Savior's FEMALE RELIEF SOCIETY. lambs Spoke of her Mutual .Improve-- ' ment work, purged tfie sisters to more dili The first annual report of the Female Relief and the of work earnest among youth Society of Nauvoo :' being a correct statement of gent Zion, referred to the signs of the times and the receipts and disbursements of the society felt the end was nearer than we had any from its organization, March 16th 1842 to March 16th 1843. to wit. idea of. Prayed we might be active and Received in donation of money, cloth- ' awake to our duties. S5o;,oo. ing, provisions x. ixc. Counselor E. J. Stevenson said she had Expended in appropriations for the re- liel of the poor. learned the lesson that the Lord never put a balance Leaving at the time aforesaid, ' anything upon "us only, what He gave us of " 2O0,;)2 the strength to bear felt we had heard as follows, to wit.. . some excellent sermons today. We .must Cash 29,00IN.TUVOO llOUSJ U1C lit Th'V iinprove" each" moment for we mut give an Note of hand J. Emtnett 1200 by one What would be the Orders account of 19,00 penalty or the neglect of duty ? t God was Cow, the use of which is appropriated to 14,00 Omnipotent and would help tliose, who . put widow II. ' Shingles,.., 7,50 their trust in Him. Let us sustain tliose articles of Various clothing, provisions who are over us made some beautiful re' c. XT. 77i02 " The marks. parental roof was the grandest safeguard lor the young people, she ft It 5200.52 ' An apology' is due to the members of the Soto guard the-- virtue r muehs-her as bbys for our delay in presenting this report. to bless and ciety the Lord girls. Piayed We would only "say, it was unavoidable in consewhich quence of circumstances beyond the control of guard us from this spirit of apostacy was in our midst. Singing 44 How firm a the Treasurer, Mrs E. A. Holmes, which renderfoundation." A sister said she had asked ed it impossible for her tp make satisfactory reat an earlier period. the Lord many years ago to give her a turns .We hope the Ladies. of the Society will feel entestimony of tl;e truth of the Gospel that couraged to renew their exertions, knowing that the blessings of the poor are resting upon t hem .she. might praise Him 'in the congregations our of the Saints Spoke of her gratitude for We fee! assured from what has passed inthat the personal observation,, many during her many blessings. and of her Temple work clemency pf the winter, were not only relieved and how her parents appeared to her after but preserved from famishing'tjiro'igh their inMore has been aco nplisbed th in made strumentality doing their work; iir the Temple our most sanguine anticipations predicted, and some excellent remarks. the assistance and blessing of God, through Sister Goss bore a faithful testimony, said we not hope for tlv "future ? she lived very near these little people who By Order of the President. ELIZA R. SNOW, Secretary. are called King David and the Virgin Nauvoo June. 30th 1843. Mary ,' gave a very interesting explanation of them. Prayed she might to raise her family, said she would rathei PRESIDKNT ANTHONY'S ANNUAL lay every one of them a way than see one ADDRESS. : of them marry outside of the Church. Sister Margaret Steele felt there was a Tiik 1S96 witnessed succesgood spirit among the sisters- said she felt ses than any other since thegreater first pronunci--ameuthere was nourishment and felt it was good was made at Seneca Falls N Y ' to be here. Spoke of her blessings and her ' 7 19, 1S4S. July for the 'same, gave her early exgratitude On Jan. 4th the president the proclaimed Church in and bore ajfaithful periences to be a state, with a Utah constitutiQii that '; . testimony; does not discriminate woman Sister Jane James felt to rejoice, she had Thus w have two states against intothe coming been greatly blessed jn this last ye'ar, J;ore a Union with the principle of equal jights to COHitcrtK-- d e 1 ! " . e .1 nlp.-Knu-t ; -- . -- '- -- -- -- - . , s .. ; : - . i . -- ,ua.-tT..- -- g ' j - . wonderful-worexhorte- - d T r -- f . V44V. 14 1 ; l : . - ; " ' -'- ev-er- - tl.II-CS ; . . , -- ' ; . of-he- " - . - . ; v ' ' what-ma- ' - . " havei-wisdo- m . ; ' . ; . . " - - 4p:)u Nov, 3rd by ,Jfxtiij?fwie in. favor of Lthemen.oLjdaho. declared wo-- i man suffrage, and for the first time in tjie history of judicial decisions upon the eir-largenient of woman's rights, civil and political, the" Supreme Court of Idaho judges ilOUSlon. .Morgan aim punian un.animously decided that the auiendinent so carried was constitutional'. This decision is the more remarkable because the constitu tion might as easily have been inferred to 'require'" amendments to receive a majority of the total cast at the election, as a majority of the votes cast on the ainenduient. By im; auitimiuem tlie lormer cousliih-liui- i would have been lost, notwithstanding that of all" vho"cared to express an opinion two to one were in. favor. If aiiv one will go through the history of movement since the pur days of reconstruction and the adoption of "the jtlfaud 5 Hi amenilments to the. Federal constitutio! taking the decisions of the. in tludf tlif United States wvv cases of Mrs. Myra Pradwell fur the proof Mrs. Virtection' of her civil rights.-auginia L. Minor for the protection of her the Supolitical, rights, and the decision-opreme Court of the stale of New York on the law giving women the right to vote for roimtv school'' commissioners, and various w ill find that 111 every other decisiou's--h'case the courts have put the narowvst 'possible construction upon the spirit and the letter ot the constitution. - wnereas tne judges of Idaho did themselves the honor, to make a decision in direct opposition, to So the judicial precedent and prejudice. not only tu Idaho victory is a great credit ' the majority of men who voted for the amendment, but-t- o 'the three judges who made this broad and Just decision. The National association furnished sieakI e Vie iti t ; id-crs to Idal;' Mi Mrs. Johns and Mrs. Catt in 1896, and they with Mrs. Bradford and Miss Reynolds, of Colorado, held meetings and organized suifrage clubs in the different settlements throughout the. state. I have not yet learned how many of the resident women, took I v part in tlie campaign We also had pending in California a wo- "man suifrage amendment Vour president, and National organ ize'r, together with Miss Vates, Miss Hay, 'Miss Mills, Mrs.. Sweet and Miss Lucy Anthony gave' more or less time to speaking and working in that s'ate for eight' months. Never have I known a more thorough and effective educational work 'done in any of tlie thirteen suffrage amendment campaigns 'we have had 167. Could w?e have counted out tlie two largest "cities, San Francisco and Oakland, the 'amendment would have been carried by 500 majority. And in this connection I want to call your attention to the immensity of the nearly a thousand miles north and south and with an area greater than all New Lngland,.' New York and Pennsylvania combined. The railroad facilities are very poor and long and weary stagings are necessary to reach the men who are scattered over, the ranches and mines of thV i 1 ! - " . " woman-suifrag- VUj'lN-iH'- e (nrt - 1 f e ' - . state,-stretchin- ' great-territory- . ' o -- guaranted t)y;t!H,ir con sUtuti 6 nsr n . .; San Francisco is to California what New. York' City is to the Empire State. All the rural counties can be. educated so that a majorits vote villje given for an v measure of justice, btit of Sarancisco and ...Oakland contain a very large ratio of foreign born voters and native born China-- ; tfeties . 