iuj . .... WOMAN S , . 'EXPONENT "r.-rt- vA' ATipNAIf COUNCIL Subrnittad f6r the approval of the National Organizations and the. Local Councils affiliated with the National Council of Women of the United States. Preliminary Program for the Annual Executive Session of the National Council of the Women of the United States, October 25, 26, 27 and 28, 1S97, at Nashville, Tennessee, under the auspices of the Woman's Department of the Tennessee Cennnfl tonniil Tntprnritinnril Evnositi-m-- I LVIiltlUl Monday, October 25. 9:0 a. m. Meeting of the Executive (open only to Officers of s the National Council, Presidents and of the National Organization and of Loca) Councils affiliated with rlie National Councils, members of the Cabinet and Patrons.) Programme for Business Meeting, October Roll call of 5 minutes: 25, 9:30 a. ra. Association and Local Councils affiliated with the National. Council." "5 minutes: Minutes of. last Executive Session read by the Recording. Secretary. 5 'minutes: Annual financial statement by the Treasurer. Discussion, upon the following queswhich tions (ij Shall the next Triennial, io tri Jr mnrpnw! in f finn lt in tu'fl linticc? (2) Upon what basis of representation may Councils embracing two or more states be admitted into the National Council ? (3) Shall the National Council employ an organizer for constant work in the field in - . , Dele-gate- . . . . " Nation-arAssociatlo- n - . -- . 3 -- Committee of Information be formed whose function it shall be to correspond- with the officers of the National Association not yet affiliated with the Council, to the end that vV1 opportunity maybe secured to coram ni- tate information respecting the Council, to such assciations ? - -- -- prn :Fcrmal MandayvOctobers Ojeuing of the Council. 5 minutes: Silent prayer. 5 minutes: Address of Welcome by the Chairman of the Convocation Committee, Margaret J. Weakley. 5 minutes: the at Large of Response by 1.!. M ttf me fcouncil, Kev. inna it. snaw. 5 Vice-Preside- T ,- nt ' 1 merits made by Convocation Committee of the'Wduian's Department of the Tennessee, Centennial and International Exposition, GENERAL SUBJECT. The of Local Councils. reportsfrom each. of the following Local Councils represented by President or Delegate: Portland,. Maine; Akron, Ohio; Indianapolis, Indian; Providence, Rhode Island; Minneapolis, Minnesota; Quincy, Illinois; Memphis, Tennessee; Cleveland, Ohio; Mary ville, Tennessee: Bioomington, Indiana and all other Local Councils aflilM ated with the National CouneiL Address, 30 minutes: How may Local Councils more efficiently With Governments? Disrn Municipal the address-- . Participants limited to five minutes each. r Work Ten-min- ute -- co-opera- ' te RECEPTION MONDAY EVENING. Tuesday, October 26, 9: -- ?o a. m. . Ten national ' organizations amhated with the Council as are represented by a President or Delegate: .National Christian League for the Promotion of Social Purity. National Free Baptist Woman's Missionary Society. The Florence Crittenden Mission. American Society. The Nation Anti-Vivisecti- on rrrrr' -- OF WOMEN OF THE UNITED STATES. . Natioifal al Council of Jewish Women. Woman's Christian Temperance Union. Woman's Foreign Mission Union of Friends. Address, 30 minutes: 'Opportunity and ProObligation of the National Council to Dismote the Grdwth of Religious Unity. cussion of address: Participants, limited to five minutes each. Tuesday, October 26, such of p. m. Ten minute reports from are the following National organizations represented by a President or Delegate: Mutual .Improvement Ladies' Young Association. Illinois Industrial School for Girls (National Character) Wimodaughsis. National Woman's Relief Society. of Women Stenographers. 10 minuUs: Ladies of the Maccabees. Special report of Delegate to the Annual Session of the National Council of Women of Canada, held at Halifax in June. Address, 30 minutes: Improved Dress, Annie White Johnson, chairman of the committee on dress, followed by . illustrated exhibit in charge of Madame Manvell. Ten minute Tuesday; Oct. 26, S p. m. reports from the following organizations represented by a President or a Delegate: American. Woman National Suffrage Association. Woman's Republican Asso- National States. ciation of the Unite Association of Loyal Women of American Libertyr Woman'sRelief Corps of the Grand Army of the Republic. Address, 30 minutes:. The Relation of the National Council to National Governmental Affairs. The National Address, 30 minutes: Council as an Agent in Promoting National Patriotism. Report of the Conference of the International Council held in London in July.. Address, 30 niinutes: The Relation of the International Council to International Governmental Affairs. Wednesday, Octv i n utesta tenien ts-T)ber-2-7 -9 30--a Te each member of the Cabinet present. Subject: Her own Conception of the Significance and Scope of the Work belonging ' to her own Portfolio. Address, 30 minutes: How may Patrons be Rendered Helpful in the Diffusion of the .Council Idea ? Discussion by Patrons limited to five Participants present. minutes each.- 10 minutes: Report of Peace Union. Address, 30 niinutes: The Council as an Agent in promoting Peace and Arbitration. Discussion. Participants limited to five minutes each. N. B. Wednesday afternoon free for the enjoyment of courtesies which the "Committee on Convocation desire to extend. Wednesday Evening. Reception given by the officers of the National Council of Women. Thursday Morning, October 28. Meet-- ' ing of the Executive. . (Open only to officers of the 'National Council, Presidents" and Delegates ol National Organizations belonging to the .National Council, Presidents and Delegates of Local Councils affiliated with the National Council, members of the Cabinet and Patrons.) N. Bt This session witl be held at the Maxwell House, which will be the headquarters of the Council during the ashville, Convention. ; Special-BusineAction -- upon the Revised Constitution Presentation and .discussionof the reports, of Special and Standing Committees. u-- ci : by ' the-Univers- - " . al to stop at tV Maxwell House, comfortable quarters can iva m pnvaic oe secured ai haubiatiuij Information upon this boarding-houses- . subject is volunteered by the Chairman of 'the Convocation Committee, Mrs. Margar-et'J- . Weakley, whose address is 117 North Summer Street, Nashville, Tenn. The rates made by the railroads to and from 'Nashville during the Exposition are much lower than the rates obtained by contentions. This advantage is, of course, available to all persons attending the Executive. Session of the Nationll Council. , For ladies" I iOt-'-visIi.in- g The importance 'of this Executive Session can "hardly be over estimated, and it becomes the duty of each National Organ- ization and Local Council connected with the National Council to take its share in snaking the session worthy of the Council and of the distinguished auspices under-whic- h this session will be held. This "Executive Session affords the Council the opportunity to present what, is popularly 'known as the "Council Idea," in a section of the country not yet reached by it; and before audiences that will be representative of all that is best, particularly in the SouthIt also gives every member of ern States. the Council an opportunity to present its xwill which particular work to an audience . . . . and of a the it, inspira carry knowledge derived from it, to all parts 0 tion the great and growing South. This preliminary programme is sent out in the hope that the important subjects proposed for discussion may be considered by Local Councils and, as far as possible, by members of the official board of National organizations before the session is convened. N, B. Members of the Official Boards are asked to it will not be possible to bring them before their respective organizations. For all information concerning the local arrangements, at Nashville, inquiries may be addressed to Mrs. Margaret J. Weakley, 117 North Summer Street,Nashville, Tenn. - - to-b- e considerthese-Juattersr-ljecause- Members of the Cabinet, Patrons of the National Council and Local Councils are requested to addres any inquiries or suggestions respecting the programme to Mrs. May Wright Sewall, whose address is given below. . . 1 All other persons interested in the Nash- ville meeting are requested to address inquiries and suggestions to. the Chairman of' the Committee; Rev. . Anna II. Shaw, at Large of the National Council of Women, and Chairman, of the Programme1 Committee of the Nashville Meetifig, Wianno, Cape Cod, Mass. Rachel Foster Avery, Member of the Cabinet. Hannah J. Solomon, President of the National Council of Jewish Women-Anni- e White Johnson Chairman of Committee on Dress. May Wright Sewall, Member of Cabinet 633 (new) North Pennsylvania. Street, Indianapolis, Indiana. Vice-Preside- nt -N- ss:li . three leading newspapers of Nashville employe women reporters;" Miss Walker represents the Su?i, Mrs Duncan the American and Miss Porterfield the Banner. All are able and do' credit to their calling. The . -- 