A3 LSI Ballot The v Vol. 26. :KK1 ui the Hands the Women of J.J ' Now fro Kuth M. Fox. Death of Sister S I. Alder. O d Folk's Day- -E rrane Watson. Testimony Of Healing Emma Curtis. Letter U. W. P. R. Keller. 1. rioneers ui Utah From Mexico A Heart Of Gold Clio, Annie Laura Hyde. Mee ingZina H. , Bull. Ladies C.-Or- ielle -- Semi-Month- ly The Jubilee Number. A Pleasant ' Editorial Notes. . h CIT, , Our Jubilee , nver-- L. Tarty. . ijYh $'mU SALT LAKH ' CONTENTS: Editorial: b x PO N ENT my tUr the Home , the State and the NaLon,. UTAH, AUGUST Woodman-see- . Poetrv; Jubilee Poem Utah's Go den Day L. L Greene Upon tne Canaan of the Latter days. So interwoven with their fondest dreams, Alas ! ho undes'rable it seems' And still they look,- and strive to' voice in vain The mixed emotions, that their hearts contain, And men ally and naturally they ask Will all our efforts prove a hopeless task ' ards. r JUIULEK POEM ' " . I'loNEEK JOURNEY.. the Scroll of Time awhile unroll-T- hat briefly we may scan on history's page Apilgri age of Fifty years ago, Fraught with importance to this wondrous age. Now Met of Refugees Inspired with courage and with faith sublime, Wending their ay toward a distant clime, Crossingthe prairies, vast as mighty seas. Behold ! a company ' Can arid, wastes-tir- ed human frames sustain ? Or must we still march on, and on, again Hut lirigham I'oung, their Leader, by God's grace, ' Decisive y exclaims " This is the ,, pjace !" Weary and rough they look,' and travel' stain'd What does it matter, now the goal is gain'd ? Vet Fashion's votaries sc rcely would admire These tourists in such worse for wear attire, But no.Mer He'roes God will never make Than these brave Mormons, who for conscience sake Sought out the valleys of the Great Salt Lake. Like stately sentinels, so tall and grand The mountains looked on valleys, almost bare; Scant vegetation. languished in despair, " An desolation frown 'd upon the land. 1 sno-c!a- rise, yet will pitch their tents 'neath sheltering skies. "the backbone of the continent." Upon And live in peace and truly realize Freedom of Conscience, to the r hearts content, And build new homes and Temples grand and . great, And there withal uprear a mighty State. ' The solitary places . -- : dang'rous is the pilgrims trackless way-B- eset by barbarous tribes, who nothing spare; ' Woe! to the pale face" who becomes their Prey, oe ! to the Trespasser, within their Lair. Ferocious wolves, howl out their fierce desires, through the night and spoil the exiles sleep,' And glare, with baleful eyes upon the fires That faithful watchmen in their turn must keep. At early dawn, the bugles startling call-S- tirs all the ca yp, to get an early, meal, Te hymn of praise is sung, and one and all, Entreat the Lord, to "guard and guide them still. fresh as Creation's morn the earth appears; The plodding oxen quite good natur'd seem, And light of ' heart, these hopeful pioneersMove forward, trusting to the power Supreme." Anon, perforce they halt, beside a river nat must be crossed, however deep or wide ' nys a fridge, of any kind whatever , et, undismayed, they reach the other side, And saf-lland tneir chattels and their teams; once more bid fare-weto waking dreams. uf weeks and months roll past until at last Jeir eyes behold the tow'nng Wasatch heights, outstretch chains of Everlasting hills : by few of Nature's'grandest sights. All - y. ll " On this auspicious day of Jubilee The confirmation of the pro nise true. - Most shalTe glad;" ' 'The wilderness shall blossom as the rose," Trus sang the ancient Seer: and thus the New, And blessed are their eyes who gladly see, - . SONG. ' the jubilant echoes o'er mountain List' heights ringing List the beautiful valleys resounding with . praise. ! List the streams and the fountains together are singing A chorus of joy, on this day of all days. The sweet throated wa biers, are blending their ! - voices, As upward, and upward, unfettered they soar; Oh come all ye people while Nature rejoices, -- And render Him thanks.whom the Angels adore. Shah the outcome of Faith be ascribed to . man's shrewdness, Now the once dreary waste ike an Eden appears? goodShall we dare o deny 'twas God's ncss 'j' ? hitherward guided our brave pioneers That - -- V CHORUS ' ! and the PionPra;se the Lord, Praise the Lord eers too ! ., , and true! undaurted of Utah, The Founders debtors are Hail Hail ! to "the Heroes whose -- ! this great JubPeet Utah's grand Jubilee! For - -- V; Joseph Smith. Emily H. AVoooMANSEE. . y " Our jubilkk. at Tin; u. v. '. c. JULY 31, 1S07. Tin-greatness of our Utah, and her al')ili-- . ty to display it surely cannot be doubted after what has been" witnessed by the hosts ol people who have invaded our borders' during Jubilee week. 0 the splendid exercises, lnagnificent pageantry, grandeur and immensity I shall have little to say, as this was well written up in the all the daily. papers and is now a thing of the past, jand will take its place- in history as one of the great events of the Reeky Mountain region. However," J 'Teer tbat-i- n justice I must make mention of some of the facts. The Counties made a tine showing, exhibiting the products and industries of the State. Colorado had. a beautiful float, the loftiest one in the procession, which was much appreciated. It was a graceful way of manifesting her sisterly The Silk worm Float was unitjne feeling. and instructive. The Sego. ily and the Z. C. M. I. Fairy Float were simply enwas the Salt Then there chanting. Fountain, The Car of. all Nations, The Queen and her attendants, and more private floats. In fact all were worthy of special mention, and there must have been scores of them; but to me there was something grander and deeper, that made a far more lasting impression than all this gorgeous spletor. F'irst of all was the of Pioneers remits n t of tha t nebfe representing in themselves patience, loyalty, bravery and endurance, and proving by the part they took in the celebration that their indomitable will and energy was How proudly by no means exhausted they marched to the Pioneer Monument and participated in the unveiling thereof! What a change since despised and rejected they had sought a home in the Great How their thoughts American Desert flew back to the time they first beheld the Western sun setting upon this then arid waste. Their beloved leader and prophet lying in his carriage worn with sickness and fatigue. With no home but the broad expanse before them, hemmed in by the everlasting hills which seemed to be the walls upon which the clear, blue sky above And even in' their most them rested. sanguine dreams they could not have seen this day, when surrounded by thousands and ten of thousands of people of various sects and creeds, showering upon them the greatest honors men could bestow, they would amid inspiring music, loud huzzas in o cannon seeamon umeri t "to a themselves surmounted by a statue of their noble leader, standing at the head of the principal thoroughfare of one of the most beautiful cities in the union, presented to the state; a reminder to future generations of their own heroic deeds. True to life was the emigrant train, flooding the memory with- - recollectionsof burning sands, f alkali plains; bad water, fording rivers, or in lieu thereof riding across' on some stalwart's back. Perhaps we are climbing mountains, or descending witli heavy ropes attached to our wagons, . - - " . Mark how the hands of toil have changed the soil, d nd turn'd the torrents from the hills, of mul itude a Into the voice of Fate, Obeying thus, sparkling rills, mystic The overruling force of Destiny, from the desert wilds, re noved the Ban, That And well rewards the patient husbandman. Fulfilling thus the marv';0us prophecies By ancient Seers and one of later date. Doubtless, the approbating smile of God ; Rests upon ev'rything, and ev'ry where, Westward ! thef sturdy pilgrim's feet are bent, "AndTivi fi esa nd freirarms 5rheTrjd Trusting that where " The Rocky Mountains In answer to the laborers toil and prayer. They Xp 6. : - ! ..THE UTAH ,s97. 'KKAIJ -- . Rich- 15, ruhe Western slopethe pilgrims gaze . Emily H. ' : noucr t0 a . . . . ! : nd-boo- m -- 