if m '207 vpVi.if tov Vit vvvPresidents Sister. Robinson . .four ' sue .jaaa been.: said motion ke r f estcci i'iV'tTie rcmarks'TOade She .had 'Hecl the Relief Society with Sisterv Cole-- ! an enjoyable time, Spoke an and had Gos-the the and of testimony w prayer aso upon, obeying the Word of Wis. tv and gave good advice. ister Mary Ballard reported the Relief Society in' good running order, id'they WLfL .building a Relief Society and had very good success in their in A?vi" -- . farm advance .iing thrworlvl.'-, a " of a large; portion of , were ffor those bffices sf apar made a few VresMmt htpherd closing remarks adjourned for three months. Singing ;May the grace of Christ our Savior." Benediction by Bishop George and-conferenc- siat:nr C..I). Wliife feh pktsed Vo war(l 1S comldete with ' U out a kehet ciety. .Tji,. women of a y shape its destiny. Said he was very Mumford. sorry to have to reorganize the. Stake SociAi.iCi: M. T. TannI'I Sec. .... ety, unci spoke very highly of our departed' president; Did not know who;ii the sister P. S. Sister having selected would hke fur president, desired each one. her counselors Shepherd they were set apart "at the to write a tlrst and second choice Braver Stake on conference, Sunday d paper, and himself and romwlnr.; slipsf "Sep. 19, 1897;quarterly as follows: First counselor, .mfertaking. utui uver curing uic noon hour and Mary A. White; second counselor, Harriet Hanks spoke well, (iecide. ." Counselor Mary K. Mad e manv enrniiriiMnr nwi K. Fothenngham. to attend mothers the meetithtir instructive reinarks aiul said this was a encourged for their daughters, MK A DOW l'KIMAKV. good year to store grain. ngs and set an example Bishop Geo. Mumford sai( the duties of" spoke upon Virtue, the Word of WisdEditor Woman s Expdnoit'. the commandments of the sisters as well as the brethren are om and " keeping ' " There is a .place for every one ingreat. God. Wjc thought perhaps you would like to this president II. M. Hansen felt 'pleased to Church, let our Church duties "be first. hear from the Meadow Primary Association sisters and oiKje ou economy, and said we should which was hear the good reports of tli reorganized August 9th,' 189.', encouraged them to continue to press forgive kind advice to 'our young people. If with Martha B. Adams president; Isabella we see any a little wayward take them Stott first and Elizabeth B. Bennett' second ward, and their efforts to accomplish good with success. crowned be aside and talk kindly 'and show them their counselors; Alice J, Duncan would secretary, and Bastian said - he' G. had been "President H . danger, Adams assistant Mary secretary; "There 'interested in the remarks made, also in Counselor M. A. Tolton bore a faithful are about one huudred names enrolled; it is hearing the reports given. Spoke on being testimony to the Gospel and said we mostly kept up by the smaller children.' kind to the poor, that the needy should not should sustain our officers and the authur-ities- '. ,We hold meetings every Friday after-hog;- ;, to feel bad receive from or the Relief think The Primary is averagely attended. Meeting adjourned till 2 p. m. Sing-in- g need of in when assistance. He We had a'Primary entertainment Wednes"Be it my only wisdom here." Society Benesaid be to the kind to to diction their, spoke" young, by Counselor M. I., Shepherd. day evening, August 11, for the purpose of parents. , Session: Meeting called obtaining means to help publish a book been had interested in Hanks . to at" the order 2 p.m. by Sister C. C. Shepherd.' written by Aurelia Spencer Rogers. The Bishop 'the. remarks conference and .good during Singing by the dinging V'uiory to Ciod on luh." prayer program was as follows: ot the labors the choir Relief. Prof. entitled "The Priinaryvpray-c- r W. C. Bickley. Singing "I saw Primary appreciated Society. by a life. on and a virtuous Spoke prayer mighty. angel fly." The secretary read song." Prayer by Counselor X. M. President W. E. Robinson said he felt to a letter from Sister Hannah. Sorenson, also Stewart. Singing "Joseph Smith's first endorse the remarks of his brethren and one from Dr. Allen of Provo in regard to prayer." Ait opening speech by Elizabeth was pleased withthe reports of the Sister'.Sorenson's class of work. Sister L. B. Bennett. Articles of Faith. Song by ditrent branches of the . Society. .... , He W.. Jones explained why we should have Amy and Ethel Bushnell, "I'm not too Sentiments by those lectures. asrays speaks very encouragingly to the young for God to see." sisters and sustains them .by Sister S. M. Dell bore her.testimoiu and. Lilas Adams, Myrtle Stewart and Ornald attending the Music by Mandolin and conferences a word in season on desired to be useful.. Counselor .M L; Beckstrand. many good subjects,. Conference adjourned Shepherd said the duties of the Relief Soci Guitar Club, which played between' the therpajt5eingUiken. Bible questions Singing "Benedict ion by ety wefeinTrayTmdTaned. "tpokex and answers. RecitaliohnAmi'rtcrtt; Elder Joseph Kckersley. economy, cleanliness, training of our chile " "Angel Guides." A Swedish song by ren and the storing of grain." Anna Coleman, Sec. Acrostic reciSister Lydia White made a few excelleiu Sigred and Emma Pearson. " BRAVKk STAKE. A recitation remarks,-wanteto 'do all the good she tation by twenty little girls. ' The Relief Society of Beaver Stake held could. Sister M. E. Murdock spoke very entitleoV'Johu Taylor" by ten little boys. The Throng by twelve girls. A its conference in the Society" Hall, Beaver highly of Sister Sorenson and hoped we cane Primary drill by twenty-fivboys. Singing City, Utah, Tuesday would get her hr-r-e and' be benefited by her Sep. 3, 1897, comchildren "Merry, merry sweetly sing." mencing at 10 o'clock a. m. Present on good instructions; Spoke against slander. H. Sen. The Labrum G, by Prayer the standwere Counselor J. F. Tolton praised the President C. D. White, admission was five cents each for both Counselors M.LV Shepherd and J. F. Tol--to- labors of the Relief Society and the interest young and old.' The entertainment was Unity brings success. No well attended, the Bishop Geo. Mumford, Patriarch D. taken therein. proceeds were $6.75. Tyler, Prof. W. G. Bicklev, Sisters C. unclean spirit can enjoy the benefits derived Six of the young Indies of Meadow assisted herd, S. M. Dell, President J. W. from the Gospel. Sister Mary Pernley and us in getting up the program. excellent Bickley and others. .made Goodwin remarks, called. to was Betsy Meeting Alice J. Duncan. Sec'y. by Sister C. C. Shepherd. Singing Patriarch DV Tyler spoke of the ability and '"Hail to to the brightness." SALT LAKE STAKE PKIMARY. Prayer by tnlont of Sister Sorenson. Said we want Patriarch D. in knowledge. Tyler Singing "Praise to advance Minutes of Primary conference of the & man." Minutes of The biographical sketch and resolutions meeting previous Stake held Sep. 25, 1897, at the ' read and ; formulated by the Beaver ReJier Society in Salt Lake. approved Camilla C Cobb . lister Shepherd felt thankful, to see so behalf of our beloved President, Sister Ruth Assembly Hall, .President On the stand With her were naQy present, still' there is a vacancy in W: Tyler, printed in Vol. 25, No. 22 of the presiding. her counselors, Lydia A. Wells and Mary ur midst, but we know that our dear Woman's Exponent were read Dy bister L. .Morris, President Zina D. H. Young parted President, Sisfer Tyler, dick her L. W." Jones and adopted by the Stake others. and Meeting opened by singing , rk and did it well;"" Felt sorry' that Relief Society. M. T. Tanner Sister Emily ured the "Gladly Meeting." Prayer by.children c;.tpr AUrP through sickness Sister M ... A. White waV love Presi. Hollings. ' 'Singing "Little .Prevented from-- . to sustain the Exponent. Kisters had She us. with e Roll called jyith thirty-onbeing the Savior. C. D. White spoke very empbalicaiiy associations jjj company " with other sisters visited repreaented, the children re nrough the Stake and found a good set of Jncrardtb ustainingthe ExiNENjr, sponding with Minutes 0 sentiments. SISs, all alive to their duties. also spoke highly in regard to Sjster Sorenprevious meeting read and approved. instructions. such need "We President J. AV. labor. 's son Bickley reported the .President Zina ;D. H. Young' spoke to weaver Relief sisters" have been unanimous in .select-- i Society in good condition and The Tor presi- the children for a short time.. .She said she C. Unitedl'- Invited all. to attend ng Sister Cedaressawell Shepnerd with the felt to welcome them - to the meeting, it pleased dedicatory services of the new granery dent and we ate filled her heart with joy to see them. Re16th Jnst. choice " She waxSiistained and set apart, lated a story about Joseph Smith hearing was unprepared to surprised being but a A'aS tTiere Said Wen &f.d children SninV as some praying for.him when he was Pint herp nrX vf select counselors. . AliceM- T.' Tanner ' t in dangerr ; He said he knew the Lord umh. ;,n(l Fmilv C: Olseu as treasurer aints who own comfortable homes as . com-numit- u SI e -- . . '- -- - Ai-tkrnoo- sis-trsan- . and-givin- . Ted. "lilt-ca- . d . e . . n, C . ..' -- Rt J ; - - . 