WOMAN'S KXPONKNT. her to remain with them renounce her., new. faith ; hxt thh shFwoQld arj not do, amLafler leav- 1 I h.d a copy of these resolutions be. ing them in the "hands of the Lord and bearing, a to uU'ccd upon 'the... records, of our Relief Society, urong testimony them,. she kit her native 'iN.o a copy Ik? sent to the bereaved family, and-- ' j country in the Spring of 1S57. 'for She crossed the Woman's Exponent publication. ne to the plains in the hand cart comr her I). LLAKKE, husband to draw the hand pany, assisting jaws Emma Fkatherstonk, cart containing her infant baHe of a few months, 1 Karen their provisions and the necessary clothing for Nielsen, the journey. She plodded along through the hot Committee. sand and in the srorching sun of the long days of summer without a murmur;' and when the comKANSAS. . LLT fKlv FROM COLUMBUS, pany stopped a moment to rest their weary limbs, she would nurse her Infant at her breast and then place it oack in the hand cart and be ready to Columhus, Kansjjf., Dep. 1,9, 'ci, start on against the word march. This she ditl ousin Ezka 'Fo'ss for weeks when suddenly she was taken' down with a severe form of the cholera vhich came Our dear miller (Rhoda F. Scammon) passed morn Heaven to earth from very nearly taking her life; and as she lay on yesterday luMci fully the ib'Ui iiist. j rough couch prepared for her in the very n.g, 2 30 a. m. the of death, her husband called in the Elders throes of About a year ago she had a partiaL stroke could-not walk bearing the priesthood of God to lay hands upon jutalysis which resulted so --she -her head ami rebuke the disease and the hand of f.ir about two months ; she gut better from this which was done and ,she was healed .inand was was death, feeble, ut never finally very strong, ' stantly. She soon recovered her strength and died from age ami 'weakness. continued her onward.march to the valley where wowas of the best one She, like your mother, thev arrived in Sep, 1S57. men. Her eventful life was one that rriade every She passed "through the hardships connected one who knewher better. Slit; was .a good with the settling of a new country. She was left Christian woman and a faithful mother. of your mother and aunt to provide for her family twice while her .'husband She thought-mucwas called on missions, and always labored Woodruff and only two weeks ago she was had faithfully and devotedly for the. cause of truth. "Miking of them and saying their example She was the mother of six children, three sons ih'ide many good young men and women. and three daughters, they all survive her. May She was always a' jsreat friend. and defender of they ever be an honor to her memory and be as all our relatives in Salt Lake City. well prepared to go hence when the. summons Will you be kind enough "to inform cousin ' comes to them. She was indeed a devoted and cousins all the and Fox other Lizzie mother and a faithful companion and friend to the ... ' i needy. . 'have just written a letter to uncle "Woodruff Her faith in the Gospel was unwavering; she .vhii h will go in this mail. died as she had. lived, true to her covenants. Thought' I had better announce by a personal May she rest in peace until the resurrection letter to him. morn when we hope to be with her throughout Hoping to hear from you in the near future I ' . eternity. A. C. M. a Respectfully your cousin E. A. Scammon, M. I). to a glorious sfihetitihijik aiS43v&XMUGjpTt , J ' j , . 1 '; . . .... -- fti'.-nds- . . - "The notice of the demise of Mrs. Scammon we a just tribute of love, to" her and to Sister do-n- i Woodruff who was a good friend and to the. Exponent as long as she lived, and-wa-- "pttrn a devout worker in the. belief Society; her r.ame -- hould be remembered by the daughters of Ziisn and they should study her life and emulate her noble 'sell sacrifice for the Gospel. ' Rhoda Foss her sHter was also a valiant I'iic'ie LADIES' SEMI-MONTHL- MEETING. Y W". Held in the 14th ward Assembly Hall, Jan. '97, Counselor Elizabeth Webb presiding until President Home arri ved. Singing Once more we come before our by- Sister ClnraJd Caxuio 114- Lord;" nrnyrr SMer ;n every good word and work, and has lelt continued by singing " All hail the new name on record, as an upright Latter-daborn year;" minutes of last meeting-reafuneral. is the of the formal notice and. accepted. Pres't. M. Isabella Home Following Editor;' wished all the sisters a Happy New Year. Last year we lost four of our good, true., funeral notice. faithful saints, Sister Ellen Cv Clawson, Died. At the residence of her son Sister'Helen Mar Whitney Sister- - Hannah W. L.- Scammon on Friday, December Rawlins Pres't. Draper and Sister Mary A. at 12:30 a.' m. '...'"" Hazen Pres't.. of Brighton Society. "Eet MRS. RHODA F. SCAM ttOX us trust in our Father in heaven, for we are all weak and have to wage war aged S7 years, 9 months and 6 days. against sin." Spoke of our late conference, Funeral services at the Methodist said we had an excellent- conference. Episcopal Church, at Cherokee, Sun-- , Satan gathers his forces here where .the .day, December 20 1S96, at 2:4.5 p. ni. priesthood is ; he has great power, places Friends of the family invited. stumbling blocks in our way and evil suggestions, but everything good comes from OBITUARY. our Father. We are in the midst of trials to be ' today, but.God has given a After an illness of thirteen months, Mary faithful and humble in prayer. Let; us Johannah Christehsen departed this life on Nov. look over our actions each night and thus 3rd, i,S(j6, at Farmington, Davis Co. She has suffered 'tnuch for the past strengthen ourselves day by - day.- We 4 26 years, though at times she would regain her commandhealth sufficiently to attend to her household must serve Him and keep His ments ; if we' fail in thisdife we will ,faii in duties and visit among her children. She was born at Lolland, Denmark, the 21st of the next; He scourges every son and every May, 1827. In her" younger days she had a daughter whom He receives., I can testify strong, robust constitution and did very hard of God, and his was a jvork. Her father died when she was quite that, Josephshed as aprophet testimony to the world young and she being the-- eldest of the family it blood was of the truth of his mission. I desire to be became necessary for her to labor for the.support of the family.' , faithful to the calling where unto, we have v S Si-t- tr h'-- r y ' - i?, plit-ou- r . - '' 1 key-wor- d " - -- -- -- , - fn the year 1S54 she was married to Mads Cnnstensen, and two years later she with her husband embraced the Gospel and soon, after on their long'tedious parted journey to Utah, was the qnly one of-h- er father's house that received the truth' of the Latter-da- y work, .and them again in the flesh. They were very loath to part with her and tried many, times to persuade , .been called." ' Pres't. Zina D. H, Young said over twenty-seveyears since Pres't. n " It is Brig-ha- m Young organized these meetings and I am pleased to see you, my sisters ; we come here and learn to love' each other, and feast on the good words of peace and- - salvation . - work before I, was baptized, and, I ..have. never doubted its truth." Spoke of the falling away in the days of. Kirtland, when six of the twelve forsook Joseph. " O, my sisters I "have seen tlie sorrow of those who have fallen by the way ; the results of denying the faith are so" terrible. I feel to bear my testimony to the truth of this work, and I thank the truth of celestial marriage. my heavenly Father that the light has. been given ; it .is nothing to die if w: have 'been faithful. Keep free from finding fault and you shall be blessed. May we meet here for years ancijears to come, and be faithful -- . iji all things." I can say I Sister Laura Miner said,have never doubted the truth of this Sjke of the Relief Society work in Logan and made other encouraging - . Cos.-'pel.""- '" re-mark- , s. Another sister bore an excellent testimony to the truth of the Gospel. Sister Margaret, Brown spoke of her labors in the Temple and desired to go on in such glorious principles. Sister Julia Samson spoke of the many things we had to make us rejoice, and hoped we woukl be : stronger in another year. Sister Caroline C. R. Wells bore her testimonythat the Gospel was true and she had never' doubted. A sister in the congregation also bore a strong testimony. Sister Nunn bore her testimony to the truth of this work and the power of the priesthood, and also "the power of dreams. The 'sisters sang " Guide us 0, thou Great Jehovah." Sister K. B. Wells thought it beautiful to hear" the sisters bear their testimonies, snoke of the Woman's RxrONKNT Pres't Young was anxious that the sisters should sustain their ' own paper. The women of of this church should not let this paper fail, siwke earnestly and impressively ; spoke about the silk, said the Commission was cents a pound' appointed and twenty-livbounty is sure to you on every pound ; also spoke of the kindergarten, 'also that we the that should pray right one to be down sent should Washington This matter concerns us ; let us pray about this matter that the I,ord will choose him. "I pray the L,ord wiil bless - e as-Senato- us." J closing Temarks. ... made Urged the sisters to sustain the read from it at their meetings it. Meeting adjourned for Singing " Come let us anew;" L. D. Alder. ..Pres't. Home Iy. D. KxrONKNT, and sustain two weeks. benediction Sec. Aldkk, pro tein. MeetMiiiutes of Ladies' ing held in the. r4th ward Hall, Jan. 23, 1S97, Sister Lydia D. Alder presiding. Ope net V by singing , " Come, come ye Saints ; " prayer by Sister Julia C. Howe singing " Welcome best of alb good meet ings." lister Alder made some remarks, urging the sisters to faithfulness, if we only She hoped proved humble and prayerful. the sisters that were wont to preside would find that we, had enjoyed a goodly portion ' of the Holy Spirit. A sister in the congregation bore a .faithful testimony, hoped we would be caieful in what we had to say. Sister Morris sang Redeemer of .... Israel," also bore her testi- mony ; she had never seen the day she did not rejoice in this work. Dr. E. S. Barney also made soiue remarks, said she knew this was the vvork o Semi-Monthl- y . r-- . 