WOMAN S 8 EXPONENT vv ' you fuMyrkuow.f Then measure a'" love ouVyoti; love, and .take" tenth ; to more isvpiite impossible, Capacity to love Poor ; coiisolat ion, comes with mr. years. how though it be, we are coming to" know ' much we should have loved you. Would . 0 . Tin sc (lowers uill Not so our love for thee I) ;'; i strong r wiilir urtnv ' '"Tiirou;;h itll eternity.2 . ' " . ul niother is ol.!.,' Your footsteps mere fe b'r. of lieaveti thee atlu. U, may tht? rich blessing And thy pathway bestrewn with, juy 1.0 the i !. ne"to tw tthli-biessu- We t"ru- Tnou-- h - love Neither put to ' amat b." bh c all thy fears, all thy sorrows and ili-- ht 'Hen-the- u ' tear, -- n of-nigh- t "T done truly has held its trials for thee . for others, but now 'tis thy Jubilee ; K. j.ji'v and be glad, thy sorrows have been, Ki I'niing. exalting. shall fv thee a queen. I.-f- lien thy sunsets, may the morn's glori,M; ' light the darkness Dispel with its splendors, is w The welcome plaudit may you hear, Then-- thy hope-- , imleed be a stay : KsuMnli.it. we bring thee, and give thee al way. Twill "1 fade- -- n,... toy naas a call in thine own vett way, in tii. uds, -- bid adnesS'. live, ( )!d fMiituk for thee. i, are briamiiiK bver h.ix'e:co'mr;t.'rm-e...oii- ' We. . Hnter into thy rest e ' w ith the Father and Sou." A-- The spirit of love reigned supreme while wishing her many more happy birthdays and that she would continue to look young and graceful . as now,' ihouglrgoing down the shady side '" of thc.hilPof life. Some time was whiled away in pleasant e m versation, old friends nulling each other, new friends greeting cich other, "the voices of the aged and the young Mending and- over and through musically. it all ,a sweet- feeling ot love and peace. Hy request .a' beautiful' poen-- written ior. Dr. Ship) by her aunt, who. is much' younger than herself, was read by Miss Ellis Shipp. Also a loving tiibute froiii the jhjii f Emily II. Woodmausee was read by Annie Wells Cannon. .jA few choice gems from the heart ol our. honored sister, Zina I). II Young, were, expressed in love and praise to our friend. Sister M. Isabella Home followed, speaking feelingly of fcome of the trials through which Sifter Ship) had pissed, and prophetically portrayed a future more bright, "more happy than the past. SUter Ik W. .Smith added words of encouragement. Dainty refresh- "t ments were seived by the younger members-family, wail" 'ir'y were thexpressed th.it the future might be more bright anif "blessed for, the one whom we Wells of had met to honor.. Sister IC. the. Exponent read a poem full of love; and' expressions of praieK..wtTe made by: 'each mm gieeted our hostess, . Vet we supplicate still at the Throne of Grace '".' .That thy days maybe lengt'neueil, ;dl sorre These sentiments written in a booklet 'ot Birthday poems wercthe offering of Ruth M, Fox. As time drew on the happy assemblage departed, amid strains from the piano of 44 llome sweet home,',; bv MissOIea Shipp. . erased, To counsel and ble-- s the young .and the gay. '. .';'. And sve many happy returns of" your uas.il day. - . Yutir sister, - ' . . - "Makia AIcR.m;. . L. I). A.' - li. v. P. c. MOTHER' IX ISRAEL. v tu-eth- er, Jan. - TiiATCiu-K- i called the There was a very pleasant surprise party held at the home of Patriarch- P. of 'Sa fiord, in honor of his wife Cyreua on 1S97, gotten up her Soth birthday, Jan.-6and. members of the Relief by her children . C.-Me- - rrill , Society. At two o'clock the company .numbering, between thirty and forty people, sat down " - Ili the Pres't. Ruth M. hVx man's Kxi'onknt. Pear SiiUt Wills: - - regular meeting Ariz'., Jan. io, 1S97. , Th- - V- W' Vat the. ofi'ice of C-hc- .vh 'v7 meetingto order at roll p,.r.;, After prayer was" offered,, the called, the members responding willy.enti meiits froni Kdwm Arnold. Miiiiitc-- ef' last meeting read and approved.' .Motion twelve was made and canted that" club dollars a year for room rent, beginning Oct. ' 'l- 3j - '"bouk '.. - s Iej)o!t on ' l : . - . - ' 15- - -'- ik-x- . . " 9 rhlikf ' ; - . 1 ; . , liue.swere-,readJ3y4h- , ei 1 . -- ... . : y - . 1 . this-da- ; - '" " ' . Be glorious, bright, as the sun's last. beam?. Altho' eightyyears of sunshine and gloonr, from your face all its yoiuhluf bloom, Alder. ; Your heart is still young to the laughter and glee, sentiments were sent "Of the liitl- - o'T-prattling 'round GrandmaV . . livniA I). Some verytihqice from the Pf 's. medical class, also in rhy -- : bless-"ing'uu- d i . ' " by Hi. iiiemi)ersliip Remarks made by ; Pres't.- - for tlie to a bounteous repast; following them came Pratt. Program7 as follows good of the club the grandchildren and great grandchild" Tate Kate Field". lW Pratt; " Cuban ren After dinner all re assembled and a I Jaiker Var"-Mrs.Action of l iiiu patriarchal blessing of Sister Merrill, given States on Cubui (Juv'stiun '! Mrs. Hyde.' under the bauds of Joseph Smith Sen., was . .1: ... .! V... ... ..... Sister Merrill then gave' a brief Jiacli paper 111 its nun uiscusseu o iac fi read. sketch of her eventful Uir, having beejj. bers of the club. Motion made by fir. Pratt and carried thai with the church from its early infancy, patiently enduring the'trials of the siints; minutes be read and appiovtd at end her life in Utah and her pioneer life in meeting. Motion maoe by Mrs. Dickinson and Arizona, which was listened to with much interest by her audietice. carried thatthe treasurer pay the rent of t ' others, presents Sister Wlmirth Fast, Relief vSociety room for sjx months. Program for Some of the responses to the graceful Stake President having come from her meeting rad, minutes of evening read and invitation were expressed in .verse and read home some ten miles distant to be with her approved. Benediction by Mrs. Phebe C. themthe authors by during the afternoon beloved codaborer and counselor on this Young adjourned. ' selves.her natal day, gave some very good and Okikij.h Curtis, Sec y. interesting remarks during which she was MY OKA R FRIKXI) I)K. KIJ.IS R. SHU T. led to speak in tongues .vhich she interpretThy jubilee.? .AV.s. dear wc will conk,' socif:ty ix Chicago: ed her words encouraged and strengthened Ami meet thee in thy happy home" the faith of those present. She was follow A NOTAmj event of the new- year is the And wihes brins; that every year, ed by, others of the brothers and sisters May bkssins brin to, aid and cheer. organizatifKi of a Relief Society in the great present. city of Chicago so near, to the place and in Before the commnv disnersed Patriarch May Peace an plenty crown thy clays, the same state where. the first Relief Society Merrill gave them his. biasing andall And morn and eve. .bring sweetest praise was organized by the Prophet Joseph ' went their way ieehng the afternoon7 "had Smith. May future trials soothe thy heart, The following notice appeared' in been pleasantly and profitably s; And to thy life newrace impart. the Deseret .Evening iVeit s of Jati . 9 S9 7 . the afternodil , the During following LVe beams within thy "kindly eye, beautiful :om poser-A Relief" Society has' been organical- Wi ere u l;s of truth serenely Tie ; . .y Diana Sister Allen here lately with Sisters Bengta Benediet Wisdom is stamped oh. thy noble brow, president, Sister Charlotte Ivsterbloom aiu) And Endurance is enthroned there now. LINKS TO S1STKK.CYKKNA' MlAlLL OX HER Christena . Soderland as first and second Sotu BiRTHb.VY, Jan. 6, 1S9 The sun set in the crimson'' West ; counselors, and Sisters F.reksxm and Bruni-leAnd Nature sinks to deeded rest To our veteran. Mother, wiioged and white';.' secretary and treasurer, .respectively. As the floods of glory fill the air. Has braved the rude s'orm, and fought. th;. good This part of the branch is also alive to its Hfe be now jnor'e fair. Soaiiay thy fight, duties, and it is to them the- Elders, t r hh gladness we gree thee, of thy students and friends owe thanks for the enTill reaching out where the blue tints meet, birth, . joyable time spent May all thy joys be full, compfete noble And indeed workson the earth. are' your ', 'Thy aims, thy hopes, thy fondest dreams 0 ! , was Mrs. Have-chase- kiue. V C. Sargent, of San. Fran- cisco, and her daughter, Dr. Sargent, sailed v x: Ellen ; for. Naples Jan. 16, 011 the Werra (North ": German: Ivloyd) from New York. , 