kXfON E N T WOMAN'S We hay e been much- and desire to give:. her especial iCX1 tin's- in the report 11 ;iip'nrtunllv doe more for- the branch' than she is aj)le, and outshines us younger ones in ambition. Dear sister you say you would love to hear some of my experiences. I will say I should enjoy telling you and will "some other time,. God .willing, but it would take too much time now as every moment of my .time belongs to others. Vet I will say I feel as one. of the favored women of the Father, I saw oner of the Nephitesand learned the Gospel twenty years ago, but I was professing did not understand it. Four thei Methodist faith at. that time. years ago I had a vision of a' temple and angels and was told things that made me dissatisfied with my . Church, "which had I sought everychanged to the Baptist. where for the true church and religion for tenyeuTS, and .when I became weak and exhausted and still more dissatisfied and almost discourage;, 1 went in secret prayer I, and plead with my Heavenly Pather. could not find Him among the churches as to. my 'sml. Elder Joseph satisfying day. Sliepherd of Paris, Idaho, came-tha- t and w.hen I heard himv I understood the Nephite and my vision, and for two years I have had bliss complete, trials without number, heavy buraeus, but like Paul I thank heartily for them, for it brings me nearer co the Saints and Ziou. Much sickness has been iii my family for years, and all was summed up in one horror a, month ago. I have had a tumor in. ray breast for some time and for months it The doctors told has been very painful. me to have it taken off in haste, make no' delay; and were planning to do so; but I remembered God says in His word: "I have delivered thee out of six troubles-an- d tTnttoring thee out uf and prayed, and the dear Elders - - - expressed themselves as having muclr enand helping joyed meeting with us .here, in the mission field. August 6th being President N)e's day, .Sfster Uatteribeiy, president of the Relief Society, and her gave Elders' the with He him a', surprise party:' having 'goue- lo hold a street meeting, which thev are.aeeustomed to do, when he was sent for to see some UUh. friends at his home, which had been beautifully decorated with lovely flowers, gifts' of friends. In the meantime- the Saints, had' gathered at the house awaiting his. return iu the As he entered the room darkened parlors. the gas was turned on,, and .all arose and sang ,Nov let us rejoice in the day of sal- - " . eo-labore- - . - . . vation." . ".. President Nye was then reminded of c his "ualarday by "Birthday Grehhg"c7m-poseand delivered by Sister Ratteubery. Elder Parkinson theu presented him with a silver headed cane with his name delicately engraved thereon, which was given by the Elders fa 'the mission. President Nye then gave, a short history of his life. Sister Talmage $f Salt Lake rendered a vocal solo, Miss Gertrude Ash-lof Ogden gave a recitation, and several other members of the branch contributed to the evening's entertainment with music and recitations. A fine collation was partaken of and' a Benedelightful social time was spent. All who diction by Ikother Loveless. were present felt that they had cause to rejoice in being there. The Woman's ExroxEXT is gladly received here and read with interest in California. t d . . . y . ' ' .." Ida M. SecrctarHieli&oriet cisco-9- 15 Sarll, Golden Gate Ave. SACRAMENTO Dear Sister: Your dear, kind and helpful letter receiv- feel I cannot do you the justice you deserve, but I deemed it necessary to give you the t.icvrt vTuiijcu pel DISTINGUISHED A FRENCH WO MAN.. 7NtIie" year ibgo, at the tmie of Johnstown ihe flood,'- - be-lievi- ng fain-Tn- e, -- -- . 1 . ana at our - - . l "i.mucii . . ' uu . - report you desired, and as far as we could we have dor so. Our last meeting was a We always meet the first good one. There were Tuesday after Fast Sunday. six presentat our last meeting and I was .so glad for I need the sisters to help and strengthen me. I feel so weak as president, as I have never had any kind of experience in any organization; but we are doing the best we can and hope to see the .Society grow and prosper: The six members are always present, some are ill often and can attend but seldom, while others never attend any meeting, but I think this Then for may be the case everywhere. our encouragement Ave have several investigating who seem so true, honest and near the kingdom, I feel sure we shall have a strong Society in the near future. Our dearsister, Mary Christeuson, is a Saint in very deed. She is at present very' ill, the day before the Society met last she went ' and called upon-althe sick and aged and over did herself and was taken ill that iiightrrShe Ts almost seventy years of age and so bright and ambitious I do not know 0-"- 0 : 1 " - " . rected. Sister Smither remarked that .she was pleased with. the work of the Relief Soci: ety and thought there was miich good. for ' iK t'n An Slie hooed the Sor H4tV trnii!,) progress and still continue to do good. Sister Klla Smith remarked that ,ht thought the Society was very good, arid hoped it would continue. Sister Iwa Adams remarked. that the Relief Society was a necessity to the Church,' that to be good Christians we must have charity, and help the members that arc in' heed in any way wq can.-Sister May Sarll.hoped the Society would" continue and be the means cf doing 'much good. President Thackham was glad to hear the expressions of the- sisters; and to see the interest that they took 'Ah the Society.-Shbelieved Joseph Smith had said, "Every virtuous woman should belong tu the Relief. Society. V ' She was Jleased to see soiypreseu t and she felt strengthened to hear the testimonies of the sisters, and advised all to call on the --sisters who. were tillable to attend, to encourage and comfort them as much as possible. "She felt strengthened by the encouragment given her by the interest the members showed, and she thanked God for the help and aid of ber Counselors. While sewing oh the quilt the members had a very pleasant time in conversing on After singing the good of the Society. "Do what is right'- - the meeting was closed with prayerby Sister Smith. May Sakij., SecV. . ed and I take pleasure in replying the best I can under my present circumstances., I Muuyum Utrhvtd ay cor- she took, an active part iu rendering assistance to the sufferers, it to be her duty as a representative of the Red Cross Society to which she had sworn allegiance. Her efforts at this time were greatly" appreciated and a vote of Sister. Lydia Phelps of Salt Lake, formerthanksAvas extended to her by the execu, of this city, aged seventy-onehas just tive committee of the society. ly I me and to so am come visit .glad to see It is well, I think, to say right here and welcome her. She is the daughter of something of the objects and aims of this William Brewster, and her husband was society of which there is not half enough AVilliam Waterman Phelps, his father W. known for the general enlightenment of the W. Phelps, wrote many- of our beautiful The society was organized for the people:' She has read hymns. your letter to relief of suffering by war, pestilence, just me, and she says, ''Give them my'Jove flood, fire or other calamities of sufficand say how I would love to be there." ient magnitude to be deemed national in exNowr dear sister this is not as I would tent. This society is subject to the call of like to have written, and as I said before I the national committee, the national preswould have given you an account in full if ident of the society in America being Clara time permitted. I am also a busy-- woman Barton of Washington, D. C, whose fame going continually among the sick and weak! is widely known in the G. A. R., and for it gi its me strength to bear others much good lias been done by her in the 'mine. Savior the bears burdens;' "I cast Red Cross Society in America. cares for He careth for me. 'V my upon Him, To return to our" subject. In the year I send love to Sister Zina Young and the ' 189 after remaining in Philadelphia three V Relief Society. . years, her hand was sought in marriage by Your sister: in the Gospel, with love r H. V. Cleophas, one of the first settlers of ' H. Fai;ny TiiACkiiAM, of Big Piney, Wyor, Who was an old friend her girlhood days in her happy home in MINUTES OK MISKTING. The marriage ceremony sunny France. Minutes of the Sacramento Relief Sociwras performed in Philadelphia, after which held at Sister ety Thackham's, September 7 Mr. and Mrs. Cleophas started for their President Thackham 1897, presiding' Western home, taking with them the many Meeting opened by singing "We thank and good wishes, showered upfn Thee O .God for a prophet." Praver was blessings them by their faithful and loving friends in ouereu oy rresiaenc inackham. no Sinain(r the Quaker City. experienced; They u ye niountai n s men " Fnmiw little difficujtjMnAeachiug dooks eleven present six. TIInutes of pre-end, being obliged to travel nine days over administered .to me arid 'it. '.went .'away immediately. Praise be to His holy name ! I feel like giving glory to such a Father, that would rather give his children "bread . than a stone. LKTTKK. vic US' meeting lead ami . 