,ZmmgM&&.i1 , EXPONENT office, Rooms 227 & 228 Bulld- og, Main Street, opposite Z.C.M. 1. Businesshoursfroro 10 a.m. to S p.m. every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, A PLEASANT PARTY. Salt Lake City, Utah, Entered at the Post Ofice in Salt Lake City, Utah, as tecond-clas- s matter . Salt Lakk City August 15, 1897 THEJUBILEENUMBERr Our readers will noticethat we have made this numler a sort of 'Jubilee paper, and we think the articles by Miss Annie Laura Hyde and by Mrs. Ruth M. Fox are particularly appropriate and give many important facts relative to our people and to Utah. The two poems we .publish were lx)th written for the prize competition, and we were very glad to le able to give them" to the public; the last issue of the Exponent contained the verv artistic poem"The Lily and the Bee," by "Bishop 0. F. Whitney, which even the judges commended when they made their decision as to the .prize poem. The poem on our first page entitled " The Pioneer Journey," is written from the heart, the author has felt deeply all she has expressed and more, and in fact all her poems are heartfelt, and Sister. Woodman-se- e has written forjnany years on Mormon ' subjects always, almost exclusively. The poem on the third page is by L. L. Greene Richards, the .first editor of this paper, her writings too, are significantly Mormon, and she is one of the most charm-ing verse writers as well as letter writers and story tellers for children that we have among our people. Each of these two sisters have told the story of the pioneers in her own way, and given her own ideas of the pioneers and their hardships, and ultimate success. And though nearly a hundred poems were written for the semi- centennial me nan nas not been tola nor can it ever be Were a hundred more written.. There is grand material' for the future historians and biographers of Utah in the - exodus from Nauvoo, the sojourn at Winter Quarters, and the journey over the plains with ox teams and other primitive con ditions the settling of a desert, the build ing of a city, and cities, and eventually of a great state. The people who have written see things from their point of view, and write accord ingly. In this fast age of the world no one has time to spare to write an elaborate epic poem. Every one who has ability in this direction puts it to the best 'financial use The journals and magazines of possible the day are mostly depended upon to tell one of important events, and that brings a without thought that might, be expressed ' offence .perhaps; why the Semigiving centennial "was not written up and illustrated in some of the famous magazines of the day in a way calculated to attract public . . 1 ooeii now and with the record of last v.r we may expect! great, improvement to 1" vtTr e . Constitution "J" 1 state did full Commission justice to the Jubilee and the and' to the living Pioneers themselves the more "whole six hundred," and nine-livwho came here in 1S47 and the illustrious dead. That is they kept up daily with the occurrences as" they .were transpiring, but comparatively few people outside of. Utah read these great dailies but they do read the North American Review, the forum, Review of Reviews and standard magazines. 4n . , - trytwhicUtakWrTne newsnaners in this Editor. Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms: one copy one year, Ji.oo; one copy six months, deliv50 cts. No reduction made lor clubs. City papers ered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 eta. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil disspace one time, fa. 50; per month, $3.00. A liberal ' count to regular advertisers. semi-monthl- y, .... : - ANN IB tVBLLS CANNON iCsmtiis), Published OMAN'S EXPONENT.' imattention., and make it of some historic portance as a "matter of reahl jn the ojuik Woman's Exponent BM ME LINE 3. WELLS, - Miss Louisiv B. Emery, , of St. Paul, who came here very .highly recommended in her line, Kitchen Kindergartening, has been giving lessons to children and tench--prf1iii ritv during the last fniir nr.r.i.. - J in y t, j She has illustrated them and at times 0111.. ed her classes and lectures to visitors. Certainly this branch of Kindergarten work is one of the most helpful things to young mothers, whose nerves and brain are overtaxed with the endless questions and constant restlessness of little ones. The question so often asked ' What shall we do with our girls?" might well be applied to . only it should be 'put " What shall we do for them?" 'Every young mother in the land ought if possbile to have the benefit of the Kindergarten. e On Saturday afternoon July 3rd,' 1S97, a party was given at the residence of Mrs. A. E. HydeUnthis city in honor of her mother Mrs. Jane B.. Taylor (wife of President John Taylor deceased) who is a veteran in vTiii: annual meeting of the Cannon th!TChWchand aIs6now faradvanced in Relief Society was held on the 5th cf years. Sifter Taylor is a very interesting --ward -and lovable woman in herself, sheis alsaa August in the Cannorv- schoolhouse, Mrs. Cannon presiding. Although pioneer having come to the valley in 1847. Sarah J. The party was in every way a success, there was a pouring rain accompanied by thunder and lightning, yet the sisters of about thirty of her dear friends were present and a sumptuous repast prepared and the ward, (some of them coming long diswas tances) turned out well. After the usual daintily served by her one of the features of the occasion. There exercisesof singing and prayer, minutes of wee plenty of floral decorations to adorn the organization and of the previous meet the feast which always adds both beauty ly ing were read nnd approved, also the I Treasurer's and grace to a party. report for the year, all 'of which The general conversation was reminisM. Isabella Home, Bathsheba W. Anith,. cent and later on in the evening an imwas made a' very Emmeline B. Wells, Annie T. Hyke Jiid meeting promptu pleasant way of giving' expression to the, love ancl esteem in which they held the structing and interesting, also Sister Cannon the president. Other sisters present who honored sister. Such social parties give, rare opportunities would have spoken had there been time were Sisters Caroline D. Smoot, Catharine for those who- have been familiarly acquainted in former times to mingle together Lewis, Ruth Ensign and Zina H. Bull. After the meeting was dismissed, delicious and recount their experiences and oers -- reiresn men Sister Taylor was a Scctch Ballautyne and guests and social conversation enjoyed. and is doubtless proud of it, (in a way) and was bora on her father's farm. Shiel.dfield, Merton Parish near Kelsor and about forty LETTER FROM MEXICO. miles from Edinburgh, on. the nth of The Ballantynes received the April r 1813. COLONIA, JUAREZ. Gospel in an early day and came to Nauvoo On the 22nd of June, it being the annwhere Sister Taylor was married to Apostle John Taylor, She is still in possession iversary of the birthday of Bishop Hunter, by Brother Orson of remarkably good "health and with all her a reception was given ' faculties unimpaired. We rejoice with her. Brown and his wife Mattie, in ' honor of "that her lines are cast in pleasant places." their mother, Sister Phoebe Fife, and the rest of the aged sisters living in the place. young-.mother- grand-daughter- s s - syrapa--thizerwith-eaeh-othe- r- iJre-r-serYTtr-nr-irTn- Amrmir tJincv EDITORIAL NOTES .Eyring, em t inor Qictr farv President of the RelieT Society of Tirc-- o Juarez Stake, and Sister Cynthia Stowell, Tht rort- - nnvpnpil at hpr rnnntflnr one o'clock and spent the time until three o'clock in pleasant chat on, past reminiscences, then all retired to a large dining We hope and expect the Kindergarten work" will assume large proportions this year, it is growing in favor and the people are being educated up to the idea that the Kindergarten theory ancTcticealuaghF "room a nd partook- of a sum ptuous repast, after which all returned to the pleasant( lies at the very foundation of the training of children for life work. parlor where the organ sounded with lively notes by Miss Jennie Galbraith. The bathing season, seems to have been Meeting was called to order by President liberally patronized .during the hot weather lolks"sangr u ' this summer and all the old favorite resorts ' Father. was offered by Brother Wasatch and Brighton particularly, with Brown.' Prayer "We thank Thee 0, God Singing "Saltair and Garfield and the Lagoon. for a 7 A poem was then read by prophet. There are so many cool resorts Miss Jennie Galbraith which was written and such picturesque scenery that one for the occasion by Sister S. T, Brimhall, need not go far to find a place to rest and which awakened in the minds of those one if has the time. recuperate, Of course present many fond remembrances, of the during the Jubilee everybody came to the past. , ." city but began to. scatter after, and even the The eldest lady in the house, Sister Peterchild re n need a breath of country air before then sang in her1 native tongue, Danisthe vacation" is over. Schools will soon. son, h,,-her voice was sweet though trembling . - - . 