W.UMAN'S readers in a' short article all but to sec ; '.:iarile'af items really 'al'iiost, inarveluus. There was much to admire in 11ns, not only trie scenes when escribed full of ."'wonderful bursts of beauty and eloquence, but the great hospitality, the angel visitants iibltiiteU our -- in ' v,? .lieMak even as the ancient mothers in Israel did, and perhaps the most uplifting of all the Song of Miriam and the war cry. The en- durance of fatigue by Madame Mountfoid, the elasticity, graciousness and perfect ease with which she carried out the entire evening after evening was something 61" a " marvel and a myster)," she must reserve nerve force, to go have very great through all those gesticulation and chang is etc., and keeping her voice sweet and clear so as to be able to sing, at the proper moment without hesitation. Madame Mouritford comes of a long line of religious ancestry, and her father in his lifetime made great sacrifices for the sake of marching out the truth. His daughter considers, it her . life mission to try and make plain the Bible as she comprehends it, and when one remein- lers how many professed Christians there are who do not accept the old testament one "cannot help feeling her. work is grand and "noble in this generation of doubt and nn- belief, and ..the writer herself , feels she would gladly listen to the same lectures again and again. pro-grai- n A PLEASANT AFFAIR. Mrs. Wii.lard Young gave an after- noon party to some of her friends on Tuesday 23rd, at three p. m., which was a very enjoyable affair. There were present Mrs. -, y elY.tu g 1 . . -- d . in-th- spoke-orsun- g - . e :'hnd" calling, and the oppor tions 'will..jr&k;ep assuredly be: y?m 1 n-S- appreciated by the public vho honor him as the 'pioneer ol Utah and a man above reproach, whose life has been devoted, to the good of others and the welfare of the world: ' 'Sine. Relict Soeietv Conference, of the Salt Lake Stake of Zion will be. held in the Fourteenth ward Assembly' Hall in this -lt is very City on Saturday, March desirable that representatives should be present from, every' branch Society in the Stake. Meetings will commence promptly at 10 a. 111. and 2p. 111., as usual 'Bishops and brethren are specially invited also all 6.-r- -- the sisters who can possibly attend. It is hoped it will be a time of rejoicing. Tnii visit of the Idaho Legislature to this City must have been a pleasure socially to those who participated in the festivities of those few days. Senator Joseph RiJi who is, we believe .President of the Idaho Senate, must have enjoyed seeing his old tilhf fr?Mifl nrwi the cninti'-tn'ntnf lii. boghead days, and the alf.iir Would be calculated generally to promote a feeling of reciprocity, between the two adjoining' states. We understand the ladies aecom panying them were much iuteicsted in Utah. We. were very pleased to met wl-isM. C. Athey, the very etliciencrelaiy of the State Suffrage Assoei&on of Idaho, and also Mrs. Rebecca Mitchell, Chaplain ol ' the House in the Legislature and the fiist woman ever appointed to that position. It is very unpleasant to le obliged to apologize for delays but in this instance' it is certainly unavoidable. The Book of ' -- . K " . . liven though the author not yet ready int it-ou- . t more-arduou- s Refreshments were served to all the guests, ice cream, cakes, chocolate ana other delicacies, and parting messages interchanged, and the visitors departed leaving their blessing with the household, praying that we might all meet Sister Mc: Cune again on her return in the enjoyment of social life and sisterly love as when we . separated. conversation spent until the call to the dining room ; the tables were decorated with scarlet carnations, the linen and table adornments including .tea service and all the requisites were of the choicest quality and excellence, and the viands were partaken of with a zest and ial ' relish such as one feels. when congeniality EDITORIAL NOTES. .nd sociability prevails. Mrs. H. H. Young is a charming hostess and with elegant china, silver, cutghss, foe linen and every other accessory, a lovely home and furnishings one could scarcely Tail toxentertain beautifully even ' though not to the " manor uin " as wa's . than most people would imagine. The steel engraving has not yet "arrived though we are informed it is upon the way. We hope when the work is completed the subscribers will. not be disappointed either in the contents or appearance of the book itself. Trusting our friends will forgive the delay and that we may pbtaiii a sufficient number of subscribers to cover the expense of publishing, we crave the indulgence of our patrons and friends a few weeks longer. - Thh Secretaries of Stake organization of the Relief Society are hereby officially notiMEETING LADIES' fied to send full and complete reports for the year rSoG not later than Feb. 20, '1897' Minutes of Ladies' without fail to Mrs. E. B. Wells General held. in the "14th ward Assembly Hall Salt Lake Constitution ' Building Mrs. -Secretary h Young. Saturday, Feb. 6, 1897, Counselor E. Webb . , Utah. presiding. Singing "O, awake my received the been have .by ; " minstrel Reports slumbering prayer by Sister A FAREWELL PARTY. Relief the of Society, Mary .Silver; singing "Come Thou O, General Secretary Mrs. E. B. Wells from Beaver, tfox Elder, Kings;" minutes of previous The sisters, about forty in number, met Cassia , J uarez, Kanab", ' Morgan, Oneida , King ofwere read and accepted. meeting v invitation on Saturday afternoon Feb. Pauguitch, Sandwich Islands, San Luis, Counselor E. Webb said she was sorry P, at '3 p. m. at the handsome residence of St. Summit, Johns, Star .Valley, Pres't. Home was not.here today but felt Sevier, . . TXT Mr. and Mrs. McCune in this city previous wa3ne. wasatcn, St. Toseph. Umtali, if we tried we co'uld have a good time any-- . - o tneir departure for Europe witii tneir snort's from Stakes other n, 'how and have a time of rejoicing. She felt h'Q sent Mrs. McCune's" parents, were mily:' immediately without further those who had come out in this very dis.hould English and she has many relatives in that V, agreeable weather were saints indeed, felt umu wrnne ana .11. wuuuy, aosent, amuug ii mrmaj to urge the sisters to be careful of what fc things Mrs. McCune expects to do, wUl .be . PRESIUBNT. Voodkuff 9om be always prayerful ; felt we March i, in the they said,-tto is to be celebrated ..Monday, ... x tv iX uvea r. ill tie, should-alwayhave a prayer in our hearts, y logical records of her the sisters to be united in their en- ttariorswere well filled with sisters all anx- - ting his position as rresioent ui; tue uiuau, urged SEMI-MONTHL- Y Semi-Monthl- y --- -- . - - . . . . -- 1 V . - 1. rf vi-wt-- " ..S r ! iio.m.':.; tv-i-i-- 9 "- o - - N - ' e for congratula- - " . ..fjiVti-Liiul-chant- with" nisjoinv in has made grea text r ioi is to get At the close of theLittle spiritual feast February. The poems are scattered and the sisters "joined in singing the Doxology someare, we fearv irretrievably lost.'aiid nil apd benediction was pronounced by one of have been carefully revised, which added to' the sisters-other literary and editorial work is Young, Mrs. Anuie Calder, Mrs. Lizzie F. Youngr Mrs. James Sharp, Mrs. Chloe Hldredge, Mrs. Henry Richards, Mrs. T. G. Webber, Mrs. Marian Beatie, Mrs. Sarah Dwyer; and the writer. The time in-soc- ; laTjoTsTTfloTTTTimt Mrs. David Calder, Mrs. M. M.' Barratt, Mrs. Sophia Sharp, Mrs. Maggie W. was happily, nms to say a good word' for one huul neen associated intimately wiUi-ihe- nf in hilars and who wasaJso'so icTfc: us 1,1 'bestowing to those who needed a friend or kindly assistance. . Alter happy greetings and some general lister McCune. signified 'her delicto have Sister Zina 1) II V.mmV I prcide-durinthe afternoon, and call upon whom hhe:.wibhed to speak or sing or pray as bhe felt 'disposed. The first exercise was congregational singing, " We thank Thee O, God for a t. t.i .t a ineii an ciouneni prayer was ivi'iit, offered .by M. Isabella Home. Sister then made some congratulatory Young remarks, speaking in praise of Sister Me CuneV labors, and gifts, and of the great blessings- - the Lord had conferred upon her in giving her wealth, and rejoiced that she was liberal in dispensing to the poor, felt she would be blest abundantly because of her humility and generosity, no good thing, would be with-helfrom her.' Sister Zina then called Uon others. Sister M. Isabella Home, 'Sister Margaret Pierce Young, Sister Maria Y.Dougall each gift- of tongues, blessing, comforting 'and:, spiritually uplifting all. present. Interpretations were given by Sister Zina Y.. Card and her mother. With one or two exceptions every sister present spoke a few Words, some made, more . leiigthy addresses, all testifying to the kindness and worth of Sister McCune and wishing her every blessing of health, strength and happiness for herself and family while away, a safe journey to her destination on land or 011 sea and while absent that her influence, should be felt in the spread 'of , and that when she should return home she might come in peace and in safety, to resume her home duties and her the-truth- ZimrDri fTTJiTg7iTsrohrt--T7-Caie-T . EXPONENT. ! s 