EXPONENT WOMAN'S 1(G r V i'k tlii; south, Vx-eite- i?':':v.,-2- the llmise of $rprabolish slaver v, but .refused to do s., stated what were its' Constitutional powers, The "could iiot Government, this House before prevent the importation of slaves '. iSoS,. nor emancipate slaves, :ior interfeie witli international affairs f a state, for the of .purpose, of securing belter .treatment-slaves, but congress could. tax sio each on and forbid the fitting out of ships for engaging in African slave - rs.'. -- . . . ...;;Tr i f. rU K . j i.'t.ujajwv.. u -- - - . ' I . - - lt-- ii aboli'iou movement started, it .. was cosmopolitan the lll.tiurJU . ffn-ri- - ,:. Tiiiuiti.il i v w , r 1 1. 1 "v. I 1.11 I- 1114.1' 1 l....r.' l...t names oiu iucu i " I j..Vm itiuvlnn - - mc .... , 'H'Oi! K,lti, IHiJI,,,; nh.al. vwjtUui ,.... in 1 r to . the approachaig KluufH"( Democratic-majoritie- ' ... both North and South opposed, the ad:. sion. ,tr;.ir ! !S- - 1 In the ackiiowledgomtTfl of the indepvu'. 111 Had the majority ol the .North been it would dence of Texas and the trouble with Mexiabolitionist the with accord hearty co that sprang from it, slavery played a kss have disrupted the Cnioil and perpetrated prominent part. .The West went wild , ilavery; in the South.the acquiring of new territory and slavery IWveit says " Slavery was respor.sible had little to do with this craze. The ,i::en for" the streak of ccarse and brutal barbarism ' trade." vho went 'West as a rule wre not slave character, Southern the ran declined. through abolition From that 'moment the ferocious .outcry owners. The northern states soon provided for the ami which marked Southern American settlers pressed into SprMrh press against extinction of slavery the southern states raied by the whole Texas before the treaty of 18 19 was ratified;', would not. In 170, the south demanded the abolitionist."' in Virginia they took 'their slaves withthem and whin ami obtained the, rendition -- of fugitive .'.there had been an uprUing came Mexico issued a decree liberating alt slaves, "slaves.. In 1794 the north demanded and at the time t!ie, al)olition; movement: added to. the "rage Americans refused to be bound by it, and' obtained the law for the suppression of the. into prominence and this for their revolt. Lung and terror with "which the South regarded gave this as a reason slave trade." been always a before slavery had'been abolished in Mexico Then came K!i" Whitney's invention of the latter. .There hadin- the South, but the colony of Texas had made an abortive feeling for the demand the and eparatit cotton the gin ' affected all the attempt at insurrection, most of the inslave labor could not be supplied by natural it had been local and never habitants had come from slave states, buj A woild of smuggling and kid"--' state's at' the same time.-increase. The Alien Sedition laws were more fierce- many had been born north of the Ohio nee sei nie into negroes sprang napping ly relented 111 Virginia and K unlucky than river. ' by the 1101 th were sieed and ld into slavexContinued. so which tariff the Carolina in South TliL Ouakers' protested and the j j Louisana, negroes petitioned Congress in vain. The asperated the latter ; pleased House declared the remedy lay. with the Georgia and Alabama but., slavery was an J TIC MS A BOUT- - SILK." interest common to the whole South, when Courts." to-The slave trade went on openly ;. ships it was- menaced all Southerners came" ' Dear Sister : .. were built in, our ports, loaded with managether fir its protection. As abolition arose and grew in the North, ArTKK a long silence I thought I would cles cleared for the West Indies; took in a movethe Separatist "drop you a few lines. I have been so busy cargo. of rum, raised the Dutch dag and in. the South-grewith itself sailed lor Africa where these negroes were ment, and it began to identify this winterV when I got home in the fall I unThe snared like wild animals; so openly was this the maintenance of slavery. thought I would see if I could not make it saw that made-more carried on Congress amended .nd scrupulous Southern politician, reeling silk a success. I have proved that forward to for tlieiu purdi I sold some I can' make marketable silk. stringent in 1.S00, its slave laws. A offered a chance the to -ship load of free negroes from Guadeloupe-lande- and wreak almost irreparable. harm, yesterday to the tailoxsJ.0 woLkwjtlh advance could if thev so doimr bv at Wilmington, Delaware,' ethers nation, Sister Mary Judd, one of my counselors, was idea Their their'own interests. selfish followed from San Domingo landing1 at and myself have been to Washington to" So Boston and Xew York. J,n South. Carolina to .divide the Union. Says Benton day to help them reorganize; I 'forgot "to' nullificawas st irfrroay-thty-hathe with beheld d these men were of the meetinir to send to - the minutes rret the 2nd secession, and .the last you, buM will see that tliey are forwarded.once been slaves and freed by France tiou ' had become obnoxious and by force had final separation-The silk association have been quite The abolitionists, immediately, brought active in been placed on American ships and driven' getting up parties to make means them'sel' vs,l)efore Congress ih two ways ; to advance the to the United States. industry ; they have also of abolition - Their minds were believed to be inflamed they presented petitions fprthe the City Council for some lots to petitioned with wild ideas of liberty by the acts of slavery in the District of ''Columbia, and by plant mulberry' trees on I trust they will Toussaint L' Overture, and the horrors ot sending to the Southern states pamphlets, get it. ' I talked up the Kxi'OXKNf and the massacre 'newspapers and ridiculous illustrated cuts, succeeded, in getting six new subscribers. San Domingo, the uprisin ' seemed We have had a great deal of sickness this' likely to be repeated on American the Southerners'tried to pass laws, prohibitsoil. The South asked the House to proing these to be' carried in the mail prices winter. .John Alger was buried yesterday were set upon the heads of people publish-intect the countr), the bilb passed. and there were three children dead also at North and the these gained strength the same time ; ' it has been a serious time In 1804 the feeling revived. would have had. not .otherwise that North Carolina terrified at the negroes enthey with the children here this winter. the South of leader the wanted Calhoun asked to her ports., Congress tering I have labored hard to get the silk indus- prohibit to the refuse in to from receive Quaker tr .tnrtf i Knt if ic clou' M'Ort- -- the Congress Fnrlnf-'any part of importation of slaves heKrahohsh in world. , ;ny inanufacture, alld When Louisamvwas purchased lftu... IJHtnct, find a the slavery f a petition to Congrss asktd that slavery be Benton took the ground that the abolition 011 it movement was of far greater danger to the pass your opinion excluded west of the Mississppi river. Your sister, in the Gospel. the Northern Senators were At Cahokid, Kaskaskid Yiucennes "the South Ann C. Woodbury French settlements on the vVa'basl'iand at willing to acknowledge. Calhoun claimed Detroit both Indian and negro slavery had that .the question' of. emancipation affected existed Jong before the country, came into the states exclusively and- that Cougresihad f A LvVmentable confessiorrfrom Ghristtair-Englaover the District of re. .jurisdiction the possession of the United States. In no Sir F. S. Towet "member for for over the any other state. Wigan'' in a speech said "He doul)t'4; slavery ended in Columbia than Michigan struggle 17S7. A little later in Illinois but did not Calhoun's' main object was the disruption, of ' very much whether amongst the m&mbers end in .Indiana until 1809. the Union. He drafted a bill against the ' of : the House there were three who could Slavery, came for- the first time into circulation of" abolitijh documents in the write as many pages on the subject of the national pohties towards the close x)f Jack- South, chiming that 'the Constitution was a trinity without into the most son's administration, but for a number of mere compact bet vveeu.Soverign states and horrible heresy.- ' falling years had no influence in shaping political (that nullification and secession wvre. So tittle did they know of their own faith. and constitutional six V ,y movements.Southern justifiable Abolition Societies were formed in the Senators joined vith the Northerners and Lady Aberdeen is to make' the princi' north in 1S51, but did not come into defeated the bill. ple address at the meeting of the convocaA fewT Northerners. joined writh Calhoun tion of prominence until two years later. These Chicago University on April 1. Societies were only in a very restricted de- and were for ever after called "doughBenton "urged the admission of gree the cause of the ieelin. in the north faces' There are sixteen Youhjg IWomen's against (slavery.: The :anti:slavery' out- Michigan as a free state, and Bachanan of Christiaii Tetiiperauce "Unions in. South, burst in the- north over the admission of Arkansas, as a slave state ''The slavery. Africa, with three hundred members. ' . - . slaves-importe- ' h .. ; ". -- ' ; ' - ' : . - . -- - . . 1 r : - . , , 1 . -- ; - ; J anti-slaver- J -- -' y -- . ! ! - nd . 111 . . ; .,. ' . - . -- . ' ; : . ; . : . ' . , - . 