176 all that we may tcrs should be engaged iii the work of for blessings to -. . . .vw..iii . ronhml.: f lie irf.iiw'i. ( charity, the presence of the young wtriild three months by singing cheer the older ones. Prayed 'for all the Adjourned lor . i i nui. wno ' man the .comuiunen i'raise.to . presidents. Counselor C. C. Cannon said she felt Jehovah.' Benediction by Lydia I). Alder. weak-tMakgaki-- V- - Taylok. Sec'y. give instruction to her sisters, but m m felt it was a grand work 10 be engaged in. The young sisters did not see anything pro UKLIKF SOCIKTY NOTlCli in few a in but the years Society, gressive they would testify to the good it had 'done Will the Secretaries of the Relief Socithem. Pelt pleased m listening to the re ety of the Salt Lake Stake of Zion ports, it was profitable to us to make an please send in their reports immediatecfiort to attend our meetings, we were ly to Margaret Y. Taylor,, 33 South 1st strengthened for other duties. Prayed for West St. Salt Lake City. were getting infirm, the aged sisters'-tha- t they hd lived near the Lord and were XOTKS AND NK WS. growing old beautifully, let us Sustain them by our faith and prayers. 1L W. Smith had been happy iif hearing Mks. McKini. icy has secured the aptlic leports and "remarks. She had been pointment of Miss Hattie Oault. her tutor fifty-fivyears in the work and was not at Brooks Hall Seminary thirty years agor weary yet. .The first meeting she attended as postmistress at Media, Ohio. had Zshc was taught Joenibroi(lera!id Mrs. JosKriiixi; R. XicnoLS.vho had since. in dollar She a her many brought of the W. C. T. U. exhibit and had learned "more"' of ' her religioir at the" charge headquarters at the Paris Exposition, and Society than any other place, learned to be also at the World's Fair, recently died at liberal to the poor and care for the living She was a home in Indianapolis. ' aiid the dead, would like to see. our ranks her a great help to the strong woman aud filled up and more join in the good work. -- Ex. W. C. T. U. Testified to Joseph Smith's mission. TiiK University of Wisconsin has cieat- Sister. Saralr M. Kimball said she felt like talking an hour. The Relief Society cd a new office, that of" Dean of women," was organized after the pattern of the Holy and has appointed as Dean, Miss Annie Priesthood, said when she saw Aunt Zina Crosby Kmery of Klls worth, Maine, A. H. holder of the walk in and saw how feeble she looked, Bryn Mawr College 1S92 she asked herself where was the faith. in the European Fellowship of the class, and Ph. .Relief Society, why cannot our faith be so D. 1S96 strong that we can ask our Heavenly Father Jkan Ingklow, the poet and novelist, to build her up and make her strong ? We died in London July 19. She was born in -- should live near to r God and do our part Boston, Lincolnshire, .England, in io20 well, she had been connected with the FifTen years ago Miss Frances Willard proteenth ward Society forty-fivyears, the posed an 1 Dr.Chauncey M.Depev seconded young people think pur Society is not prothe motion, that Queen Victoria should apgressive enough, . Spoke, of President the point Miss Ingelow poet laureate, but Hrigham Young organizing tbe Retrenchx sttggcatiott-AVtttj-taccepted; ment Society and calling his young girls felt Mhs. M. J. Whitman, president of the together and giving o"f led were instead State Suffrage association, is making an exthe young people being cellent record as a member of the board of lcing leaders. President Zina U. H. Young felt we had regents of the State University. - One of bec-i-i feasted aud the Spirit of God was her fellow regents is Teported saying that here, every heart knew what was right. Mrs. Whitman is the most diligent aud efficient member of the board. This will Joseph Smith had turned the key for wonot a few fossils surprise anybody except men. The young ladies would yet conwho cannot it get through their heads that sider it an honor to belong to the Society, we brains of just as. fine- - texture women have needed wisdom to talk to our children, be cheerful and happy. Felt to rejoice in the as men. Gospel and hoped to hold out to the end. Boisii City is entering upon a municipal was to Grant be Sister Rachel pleased ihe indications are that it will campaign, heard one not had word, but be a spirited contest. This is an excellent here, but Felt opportunity for the women of the knew the good spirit had been here. capital to express her gratitude for her son's recovcity to set an example to their sisters. ery, had the assurance that he would be re- throughout the state. The women of Boise stored, and his recovery had been a testican no doubt absolutely dictate the result children his and him of to Spoke mony of the election. Will t'hev do it and do it : her pleasant association with her sisters right? and felt to acknowledge the hand of the Lord in all things, and spoke of the kindness her son had received at the Hospital Miduiifery Glasses, and from the Sister Superior especially. I ) 11".. i vr . Prayed for the blessings of God on all. COm- ljy. l.'.M tvy.M,y.siA Li. J'l ;, Sister Home said the Spirit had been .menci's ;i chiss in midwifery every poured out on the speakers. She said we six 'months immediately after, tire needed the aged sisters to balance the semi - annual conference. young, they had stood the trials,' rnobbings c()iirses of thi'cc months toSpecials and drivings and had been proven while the who' have been in practice. young ones were led by pleasures and exto students sent citement, the proper spirit leads us to be SpeciaLterms For parquiet and simple. Speke on the calamities by any Relief Society. forticulars the nd abroad prepari ng please address Romania great events on that'were coming; spoke storing grain Pratt,. Constitution Bld; lain St.; and preparing for a day of need. Prayed Salt Lake Citv, rest.-uiH)- - .... . - 1 t o - . ' . e ' Jt - i'on-'OMrs. .Ma rg a Kirf riifev iii who horn died '1828, June 1J2'. ' was buried in Katon cemetery almost under the shadow of Windsor Castle. Oueen Victoria sent a wreath of flowers and "A mark of admiration and respect from Victoria, VL. I." Shortly' before her death Mrs. Oliphant. completed a Mrs.' Oliphant personal life ot the Queen. generally wrote at night after her frilly and guests had retired, and she. frequently Wrote until early in the morning. '0.-,-W- i u the-inscriptio- 02'xiitfiolcL lieiioli Tlmo Canl in Kffect J vine lotli. !.. so S.tlt Lak r (i.irnM. s TAS a. m. 10:15 c Hi. 2:13 1 1. iu t:W it. in. a: ni. ID-- 2.33 . 111. 3:M p. . 111. ?:,) j. 4 ni." p. in. 7; iu. niiy ?xo'pt Oarfiol.l. 12:2A p. m. .i:10 p. in. 3.W p. IK, 7'(u p. ru. ;.ij p. in. P ill . .it... I Id p j,, 1 'OKI).. "4 3 7:" p. ni p. fi:. y.'. Smxl.ij. 11,. ONcn's 'orchestra every afternoon and evening. .(. Boating, bathing .and danemg. Fare Depot corner First South and Fourth West. Cilj ' ticket orriceimderMasonic hah; corner Second South anr West Temple strwiU. I). K. Uuju.KV, G. V. & T. A. qjxn LTiruruiJTimiinnjiruxrLm d X Tlic I - copies . Favorite. 4S?Sf 5 3 Trains leave tinl arrive S.ilt Iike City as lows. (In etreet MAreh 16, 187): Al- e mt , them-instruction- . t -- . "The OverlanJ Limited'' for ChieagH, 8f. Paul. St. Loci. Omaha, Kana ... .. City, Denverand Park "Tbe Fast Mail,," tor City.. Chic:iKo, St. .umatia, Kansas city ana :00 ierucr. fl:23 From three to twelve hours quicker to all above points than any other line. . a.m. y m. 1 AHIVE: "The Overland Limited," from St. Lnuts, OmnHa, Chi-e.np- o, Kajisas City, Denver ahl Park Citv "The Fast Mail," from ChicRO, St. Paul, St. Louis, Omaha, Kansas City and Denver citv TicKirr on'K i:,reoi Ko. 6T5. s:lb n m ::r,o a.m. in sr. .ti Telepihone The only lint openitinfr Through Pullman Pal ace. Sleepers, Library, Bullet Smoker, Inning Can;, Tourist Sleepers and Free Kecllnine Chair Cars. ... H. H. CLARK, OLIVER W. MINK. E. ELLERY ANDERSON, JOHN DOANJ2, FREDERICK K COUDERT, S. ,- - . Receivers. E. L. LOMAX, G. P. & T. AgL E. DICKENSON. Gen. Manaccr. II. M. CLAY, General Agent. rxuu nrtXLruuirin njinruinnjojxrxArirLrxn iruJ . - I - R.K". THOMAS Removed to 48 and 50 Main St.. T 1 -- mid-wive- n - l. ? SALT LAKE CITY. The Leading Retail Cash House. R.K. THOMAS 