. .I? Si ' J A rose to ti e living h more I" tfrad: Tnan sumptrpus'.wreatfw to Jn filling love's infinite store, ' A rcsc to the living is more If graciously given before ..' Xhe. hungering spirit is fled A rose to the living is more Than sumptuous wreaths to the d ad. tVi6 - ' of li.e uli how many there are,'. Wi o Uing born under a fortunate " star, J bt'.TIlfV lit .'S ltt; rr tllnt nr.t,.r .TU' To blooni in a instea :i of a di'ch. And whilst they, disdain not tlurir own simple hot-hou- se ,'.. stem, The h jnor they grasp may gain honor from Selected UlLDHUS A SONG OF AUTUMN. . Ho for the bending sheaves, Ho for the crimson leaves Flaming in splendor ! Season of iipent-- gold, P enty in crib and fold. Skies with depths untold, . . MA DA MI; MOUNTFORD. ,V.IIAT 'Til ft CAI.IFOKNIATAl'KKS d "Tnvr Madame Mountford is' Liquid and tender. Far. like the smile of God, See how the golden-roj R:pples and losses ! Yonder a crimson vine Trails from a bearded pine, Thin as a thread of wine ' Staining the mosses. Bright 'neath the"morning Hue ' them But when like the pet plant such people grow ' pert, We soon trace them to their original birth Under a Hedge -- . j - a remark- ably brilliant woman, and that she is a irreat oratoi and actress, roes without sav- mg to all who were furtunate enough to - Lhave d SAY. . ht'ardJier-seneso- t lectures- -- at-t- he 1 Yosemite theater last week, and tlrat she is withal a true; noble and .Christian,, woman. Her heart is in the work she has created . and. although she has vonderful talents and would make one of the greatest .actresses the world has known would, in fact, succeed in' almost any intellectual pursuit-s- he feels that this is her mission, and in k of doing it she is carrying out the her father and of a long. line"of Christian ancestors. Her noble aim is to awaken an interest in the Bible and by teachings Sparkles'the frosted dew, and starry. Hark how the partridge ccck Pipei to the f cattered flock, Gem-'ik- e life-wor- Mindful how swift 'the haw k Darts on his quarry ! and explanations with living pictures and scenes make the word of God so plain, so simple and so beautiful that every child and flying. Blazing will understand and be benefited by it. Hail to the amber morn, We usually expect when we see so large a' Hail to the heaped up corn, woman as Madame Mountford to find in Hail to the hunter's horn, her a lack of gentleness and much that is A little Swelling-andying ! masculine. Not so the Madame. room Uispels at James Buckham. chat with her once this illusion and convinces the most increouious inai buc lainic-uucm.UNDER A HEDGE. mentand altogether charming. Her voice is low and sweet and her suave and courA Florist a sweet li tle blossom espied, teous manners are those of an Oriental of Which bloomed like its Ancestors by the road side,' noble blood. She has lectured for fourteen Its fragrance was simple, its colors were few, lands, years, most of the time in foreign become But the blossom 1 oked f dr in the spot and it is said that her name has Where it grew. Under a Hedge. a familiar household word throughout all The Florist beheld it and cried "I'll enchant She has visited America severel England. The Botanical world with this sweet little plant. times and has lectured in most of the large Its leaves shall be sheltered and carefu ly nursed, "cities in the Hast. This is, however, her It shall charm all the wor d tho' I met with it first She went to Salt fust trip to the coast. ' Under a Hedge." Lake City under engagement of the Boston with care He carried it home to his Concert and Lecture Bereau. Her season .CalifAnd said "Th-- the rarest exotics are there with them having expired she came jo ornia- not on a lecturing tour, but simply My little pet plant when I've nourished its stem heard In tints and in fragrance shall imitate them to see the country of which she had Congress And none shall suspect from the road, side it so much. During to came. in San Francisco she was persuaded mst name, ' Rodum Sidus I'll call it; a b rive a series of lectures and having she and here And when Botanists look through their glasses to with unqualified success there cities has concluded to visit all the larger them beIts beauties they'll never suspect that it grew in the State, and will lecture in Dr. in .Sacramento. Under a Hedge." ginning, this week this while The little pet plant when it shook off the dust Ellis will act as her agent seated in in the State To one comfortably Of its own native ditch soon began to grow pert scene after scene audience and gazing upon And tossed its small head.for perceiving that none made so m ten sly ' Autumn is here again Banners on hill and plain " no easy mat 'of to rehearse andtrain such number for these lectures, I was an interested spectator behind the scenes and watched her as she labored unceasingly with them nn to the' last moment before' the curtain rose. Although her maid and valet, rendered some assistance in converting her company into priests, scribes, shepherds, Samaritans, Bedouins etc.,- yet all of the draping of veils anil sashes, sorting out and arianging of robes, the winding of .yards and yardstSY material which she rolls into ropes and puts' around and around : the heads in turbauashion, the putting on of jewels, necklaces and armlets and a thousand and one other details are all done by the artistic; and graceful touch of the Madame herself! So by the time all receive the last touch, which is to .give the rosy tint to the cheeks and lips and the dark shade to the eyebrows and eyes, any other woman would have leen too exhausted to have gone upon the stage at all, much less to have held the undivided attention of a large audience for three hours- ,- but not so Madame Mountford.- Her power of endurance seemed to be equal to her intellect. When she lectures in the evening she eats nothing after her noonday meal- - until her lecture is over. .If she is to give a matinee no food or nourishment of any kind is taken after her earlybreakfast until the matinee is over, and then very little if she is to lecture on the same evening. The Madame has expended $25,600 on the robes, draperies and Oriental paraphernalia which she carries with her. They are of heavy camels-hair and silks, most of linen, fine which are heavily embroidered and inter- , - - . the Oriental women of her country ; . in-he- r , v . - hot-hous- e V the-Woman'- s , vi-- w ; But exotics were round it, it thought itself one And forgot that itgrew, Under a Hedge. would have owned it was Asa wild flower all ' fair, And praised it though gaudier blossom? were there,- : But when it assumes through . ' the hot-hous- e ' ' "airs we see ; woandVautiful by this gifted the be man but little idea can on behind, vast amount of work that goes as she es. After having closed, the tour for the season her lecturing back T? lier four ttained assistants with only her Fndand and came here As it requires from valet M women and children to sKt four-"etotwe- r V The forced tints of its leaves and suspect that it grew, tateSS- , Under a Hedge. " - n, - Sist it is heriu illustrating her;lectures, POLITICAL SCIENCE STUDY. Is the third year's work of its course of study in Political Science, the National American Woman Suffrage Association invites its constituency and its friends, to unite in earnest investigation and discussion of the more prominent social problems which are demanding public attention at reform this time. It is itself a body, representing only one proposed change. . In ho sense does- it espouse any of the solutions proposed for- the social problems to which it invites attention. Its only object in inaugurating the course of study is to disseminate political information, and its only hope is that There shall develop, on the part of its students and their friends, a truer reform spirit, a broader tolerance, a. warmer hospitality to new ideas, and a clearer sense of the duty each individual owes to the future. The Announcement contains a list of books required for the year, and complete directions for their use. It may be obtained free b addressing Carrie Chapman Catt, : 107 World's Building, N. Y. non-partisa- n . of the Postoffice Department forbids publications to be senU to personsjn For lieu of "dues paid to an organization. tins reason the National Suffrage Bulletin can no longer be sent to the dollar members of the National Association. , The will go to all as usual, but they will be marked "sample copies," and any member who wishes to continue the ,Bnlle-ti- n must send the subscription price, 25 A. RULE Septem-befnumb- cents. : .. .. ; er N ; y 