Jos WOMAN'S EXPONENT. .'enfranchised states sit-ithe 4wer houscv -- - Mrs. Mountford's magnificent figure and No decision was arrived at but a commit-teroyal custunie, together 'with her, Lr ic was appointed to ad vise by letter or manner irrJstrwenesTqf this world- - (rvM EMM K USE SZrZZSZX? Editor, otherwise with the women of these four famous subject was a triumph in dramatic AXXIB It'S Lis CAS.SO.V yC4!t), states and try to arrive at some conclusion, art, such" as is seldom if ever witnessed upand report to. the National olhcers such on the stage, and the Tabernacle with its' Published information as "could be obtained. 'This immense auditorium and gigantic organ ir in Sa!t Lake -- City. Utah. Terms: oa copy one yc.tr. i.oo; one copy six months' Committee consists of one woman frour the back ground, was certainly an appro'pri5o.cs. ivt rrdactTon' mvi.if lAr clubs. City papers deliv- each state, Mrs. Warren, wife of Senator 'ate setting tVr the Jiving picture. ecea uy man, extra jyr postage one year, 25 cts. A Ivcrusir" rates:- Each square, ten lines of nonpr.reil The following day the lecture was given Warren of Wyoming, Mrs. Mary C. C. ti one dis ne. $2.0;- per month, Ivoo. A liberal 5ptce Bradford of Colorado, Mrs. E B. Wells in the afternoon on account of a previous count to recilar adversers. ' arrangement of the Utah Kindergarten to of Utah, Mrs; M. C. Woods of Idaho. office, Rooms 227 & 228 Constitution Huild- 111 tne lempieton One of the "new women" at the "Cogive an entertainment ing, Mam Sfreet, opposite Z.C. M, I. Business hours from - io .a.m.. to 5 p.m. every nvention, and one that matTc an excellent day, except Sunday. parlors' at eight o'clock in . the evening. Address all business communications to A. very .large number of children were impression upon individuals as well as The PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, audiences, was Charlotte Perkins Stetson, present as well as older people. in grand-niece- ? of Henry Ward Beecher.aud lecture was ''Village Life Palestine," Salt Lake City, Utah. niece of Mrs. Edward Everett Hale. Mrs.' and included many pretty and interesting Entered at the fott Of.ce in Sjt Lake. City, Utah, as Stetson is a native of Hartford. Conn., but scenes of 'the home life of these', peculiar cconJ-clas- s matter. resides in California. She is a poet, writes people of the Kast, who still maintain the short stories and essays, and is an ardent and' same habits and customs' of the generations zealous reformer; is also both witty and long since" departed, "4 so that one recognizes Salt LakCity, Fun. 15, and M'ah. i, 1S97. n . e - w?nj-m.jnth!- 1 y. - : r - KXr-oSh.N- . satirical, yet very sympathetic and has a very easily the similitudes of 'the Scriptural The shepherd most charming personality.. The election sayings of the early days. SOCIAL GATHERING- of officers resulted as would be expected in carrying the lambs m his bosom was one of delineations of tustoral the. election of the same board .Miss the most On. Friday afternoon Feb.-- ly, a very Anthony receiving the entire vote of the life among unique the" ancient jeopler who .small but pleasant social' dinner party was "maintain these beautiful and picturesque delegates from all the states. Mrs. Wells ' Zma 1). Presi II. Siter Young, given by was chosen to introduce Miss ways, and live in as simple a fashion as did dent of the Relief Society. The guests Dr. Shaw their celebrated forefathers and foremothers. to the assemblage. felt greatly honored by the presence of Anthony at large with was elected Perhaps something still more interesting, President Wilford Woodruff, the venerable 169 votes, but Mrs. Colby had 12; Miss was the coat of many colors Jacob ga e patriot and' .pioneer, to whom this people Blackwell 3 and Mrs. Wells 3 for the same to Tosepli described by her as'the mark of owe so much as prophet, seer, revelator, Mrs. Avery Cor. Sec, Miss j honor ; the description given by Madame position. leader, Apostle, missionary and friend. Blackwell Rec. Sec, Mrs. JptonTreasurer. Mountford throws much light upon the Presidents George O. Cannon and Joseph Mrs. Chapman Catt, Chairman organization scriptural rendering of this beautiful story, K Smith, Counselors m. the First Presi- - Committee, Miss Laura Clay and Mrs. handed down as it has been for many dency were also present, Atostle F. D. Catharine' Waugh McCullough Auditors, ' generations. Richards, President C. O. Card of Alberta Mrs. One. must see her upon the platform, McCullough in place of Mrs.. Sarah B. Stake, JUder Oliver B. Huntington, Elder Cooper, deceased. however, to appreciate what is said of her H. A. Naisbett, Hon Joseph S. .Kimball, Everything that transpired during the for no Ascription we can give will do the hostess herself and her daughter Sister Convention showed unmistakeably that the justice to her'peculiar line of acting and her Zina Young Card, Sisters Emma Woodruff, suffrage cause was gaining ground. original styie of dramatic art. Julina L. Smith,. Jane S. Richards, Hath-wa kurc on Tusday sjiehiW SmiUy4vmiiteliiie B. WeTt5imd LIVING PICTURES - OF THE HOLY "City Life in Jerusalem," giving a handLathilla Kimball. some oriental parlor and a group of citizens, LAND. Tne dinner was. a perfect success and of those we term the elite, their native, social conversation most enjoyable; the Lydia Mamkkoff Von Finkklstikn costumes, costly apparel and in fact a descoming together socially bf cription of the city itself, its walls and and acquaintances was most refreshing to Mountford delightfully .enter watchmen, the' pass word, the lady herself one's spirits. Aunt Zina, as we love to taining her audiences in the large Taber call her, can congratulate herself on the nacle in this city during the past week, giving the call as k was transmitted from success 01 the dehghtlul feast she gave to commencing aunuay evening, jreu. 14. one to another of the watchmen.the response, the Pilgrims as they journeyed, proclamaThe lectures were given under her dear friends brethren and mt The First Presidency have so many im pices of the. Utah and Free Kindergarten tions ; the Eastern armies, the custom of the Upper chamber pqitant duties and crave resnonsibilities associations anu no one wno nas attended washing the feet, with resting upon them to which thev devote but must feel much enlightened in regard courtship, veiling, wedding procession their almost entire time, that it. is quite a to the life, manners, customs, dress etc. of its formalities, all these given vividly by ' one familiar with the subject, born and rarity to meet them socially, and must be the Orientals. The lecture Sunday night was sVo- raised in the midst of'the people and hav somewhat restful to them as well. Sister Zina Young was indeed fortunate in having Jomo, or from "Bethlehem to Calvary.'' ing the rich clothing and, resplendent jewels them gathered beneath her roof. It was an Her wonderful power of delineation shows - with which to illustrate ; in its tendency her to be a Hying .picture herself, capable of this all partakes of the spiritual side of life, es pecja l prtyil eg el to see 3 n J isteiuLo t he'm " how wide .have' been their many striking changes. One cannot but as pbr tray ed Ti n the? Holy"B i bl e ; and" the knowing New Testament in many of its passages is opportunities for knowledge, and with be impressed by her remarkable originality, what pearls of wisdom their"' minds are and our first intuitive thought was, that forcibly brought to mind. The songs of she had the creative or inventive genius of the Daughters of Zion, the midnight cry, storeel. the Wise and Foolish Virgins was a picture her.singular subject, and had herself devel oped and adapted it dramatically. Some which could not fail to stamp itself upon the ABQUT TIIK CONVENTION parts of it were exceedingly forceful and memory of any one who had ever thought yet pathetic. Her magnetic power to hold seriously upon the actual enacting of the It is dithctut to decide in view, of so her audience is if one may scenfe. The marriage ceremony was very , uVha-been material much furnished bv the be allowed the expression rtme would know significant, and especially when the Sword National Sutfrage Convention what to select instinctively that she had a depth of was drawn and sheathed again, and the " that .would be most - interesting to the religious 'fervor almost, unsurpassed. She bride unveiled. readers of this little papef throws her whole soul into her subject, and Wednesday the last night of her engagewe to is to that hard it believe is one one not living a.mong ment at the Tabernacle, she ought Perhaps telNyou the of the problems introduced , business; vas .the people of Nazareth and the vales of the Bedouins of the Deseret. ' This "gave 'th'C gave what course to take to keep .the .enfranorient. .To those, susceptible of intense encampment, the tents pitched, Prince, chised states in touch witli the National revereuce for the Savior. his birth, his life Princess and of Ishmaelites" etc.", this Association. One pioposition was that the among the people of his locality, his cruel was in itself group but when given with convention hereafter should sit as" an upper death upon the cross, the lecture must have the beautifulpicturesque suited to. the picrendering and lower house, and s the delegates from made an undying impression. was is it doubly gratifying, it impos-- '' tures, . sti. . -- . of-Uta- h Vice-Presiden- ; t' ;, . ' " ld-time.friends has-bee- n . - the-aus- . - " - super-abundan- t, " . ' i . a.-- f I . ! - 