Llfl WOMAN'S EXPONENT, LOVINGLY ' -- 1 YOUNG iMARY;V INSCRIHKU TO HER MOTHER. As Stately and fair as lilies in bIoo.in; , Vhen on the'soft air they breathe swt'ct perfume With heart true and tender, yet not understood How refreshing the flowers that bloom in ihe wood ! Like violets, hid far a way 'from the siht, Deep under green leaves removed from the light, Yet rare in'their beauty as S jnimer's full moon That throws her effulgence o'er the ros?s of June' -- between. So beautiful was Mary, wh ) d ed long ago, And was laid in ;the earth fir under the now; Only known to the.few, but by them held so dear That over her bier fell affection's sad tear. diry Read.the simple story"0 what might have beer.!"' The past discloses sadness and a hare of pa n, A life not'understood, though of pure and holy aim. When shall we meet, again ho more to sever! Friends that ne'er Jorg'et loving on forever ? The grave '.can bring no change, but a perfect , : ' day, .. Awaits the ransomed spirit unfettered by its clay. ;" Salt Lake City, Nov 1S97. Lydia'.D. Alder 1 y , -' ' . their-replacemen- t " ?Wife.of.rjeidenLBnshamJVroungidiedJan. 1SS4 A WORD TO THE PRI MARIES Dear Sister Wells'. Knowing that you are interested in the welfare, of all the borders of Zion, we thought perhaps you, would not turn," away a few words from its center Stake,. Since our reorganization, which occured the death Sep. 12 of last year, shortly-aftof our beloved president. Sister Ellen C. Glawson, we have endeavored to visit every ward in the Stake. If we have omittedany it has been because the opportunity has not been tendered us. We can. visit the city wards at will but the country have our visits in their own hands,; because wex have to wait not only for invitation but for trans' Where we portation from the car lines. have visited we have been treated right have royally, but some of our city visits been like the angels spoken of anciently, unawares. But the sisters take it all, in but good part for they know that we have one aim, arid that to benefit them and those whom they are called to teach As we have visited we have generally graded, and have received excellent reports of its results. The need of grading is easily seen; for instance in addressing a Primary association pupUs" wiirveryToftenTangefrom three to sixteen years; such an address will be like a handful of promiscuous or shot; it will hit. where it does not miss, er v 1 The early UmsUans were the little tots, or larger ones will le left' un- taken. treated. fed or uninterested. Whereas hv assorting" The teachings of Christ were so simple the children and placing each grade apart that .all might. understand but how few did! Ave can appeal to each grade according to their decree of intelligence.. Grading is He gathered to himself disciples, instructed quite a little Uk. but once accomplished 'it them and sent them forth to preach his than pays. We take the tots from Gospel. The Rouiau Empire asserted; its Dithree to six yea.s, give them in charge of a right to rule in all things, human and counselor or aid, then p;ck out three, say vine. To preach Christianity in Rome from seven to ten. and eleven, interest and upon as high treason. The Romans instruct them according to their capacity. considered themselves not only the greatest of Then comes the gride from eleven to all nation's but the The great mass of the early : Christians twelve or fifteen; now this grade feel their of the' people, importance immediately, they feel that they were from the lower ranks are no longer classed with babies and can and down through the centuries the poor, foldo a higher grade of work and are proud of the meek and the lowly have "been the it, and from this grade 've take our aids lowers of Jesus. . It is the same today. Saints how blest a people . As Latter-dawho help in time of need and from this Each we are who live' in this day when the true ;lass we cm take our secretaries. lass orenares its own minutes and program Gospel of" Jesus Christ has been revealed, livbut hands them in as a whole to the secre- and what a work rests upon us for the close., of .the. ing and the dead JTliejiJeUsJ)eJrueto tary of the association at the ' ' our religion, doing our duty and all will be meeting. will We have great pleasure in our work and well, for the Lord has ever been and We do his. will. out colaborers are a willing band of sisters. ever be with those who commit many Since our reorganization the attendance at .may make grave mistakes, do right our the officers meeting, which occurs on the errors, but if our desires are'to unto us first Saturday in every month, has increased, Heavenly Father will be merciful E. H. L. His children. .. . greatly, yes to an overflow and even to Some wards utilizing the window sills. that we visit are doing so well that we are RESTORATION OV MOUNT VERNON. delighted, while in some wards there is a lack of energy or ability which makes us will be gratifying news to many to It must the feel sad to think that go learn that Mount Vernon is to undergo darlings Those or unfed spiritually intellectually. restoration to as near its condition at the their into soul do their who and'energy put time of its occupancy by our first. President re-- , will and work are deserving great praise as is practicable. for we know a they ceive great reward, It was recently discovered that decay had must drop their own affairs no matter how set in in some of the timbers used in the trying this may be, and many times drag erection of the mansion and work has altheir weary bodies to the place, where the ready begun under the direction of the little ones can be taught the ways of the Mount Vernon Ladies association for Lord. by materials of most lasting will We must not forget to tell you of a quality. At the same time the housePhTTa It "be given over to T7MeTlon Rogers ol :deliilfuntablellralwehadlately. for was a reunion of the officers of the Salt delphia, a colonial architect of . note;Lake St ike Primary association including the restoration as far as is possible to its origin-of and general board and the boards of other asso- al beauty of decoration well arrangement known that in ciations cf the Church. As your dear . self furniture. It is not since the could not meet with us as per invitation, the years that have intervened intewe want to tell you that it was a pretty death of its illustrious tenant that the marsisters rior beaut v of the house has been sadly sight to see the happy faces of our renovation. and some of our brethren on that occasion; red by careless and ignorant found that It was decided there and then by our guests On his examination Mr. Rogers obliand vour correspondent that this delightful exquis;te carved work had been partly as many affair must.be repeated at least once a year. terated by numerous coats of paint; of the woodPlease pardon us if we have trespassed on as ten being found on some been work;' that delicately tinted walls had your valuable space. paper, in covered by several layenrof-wa- li Mary L. Morris.. which no intelligent care had been taken to In behalf of the Board. of .decoration. preserve the Original scheme reThis extraneous matter will be carefully colormoved and as far as possible original WORDS. SAVIOR'S THE New restored. ings and decorations be of that impairin place, part of cornice will be put At the birth of our Savior a greatRomans. The .plain, coland time misusage. ed by the world was, subject to the umns now supporting the upper floor will that at time, the was Emperor the Augustus were idol- be replaced by colonial fluted columns; the Jews blackwal-nunations t Most except staircase will be repaired and a were their of gods aters, the greater pari effect imparted to it, and the furniture were who. females likewise ancient heroes, mansion will be rearranged in conthe of the also distinguished for their great deeds, with its placing in Washington s from formity received worship sun moon aud stars divine homage to the lDThe. of this radical restoration many Others paid expense oceans state earth, mountains, rivers, will be assumed by the respective these over to Mount Vejnon ta the deities supposed preside representatives of the ; 0bTowards the close of the reign of Herod LadiesVassociatiou. Home Magazine. Palestine and a cruel s a (a tributary king of :MRj7"INdSTKR-ha-D. C, mopened associa-- ; office in Washington, ! law God of Son Our Savior, the spotless tion with Mrs. Ellen Spencer Mussey. exam: a set he life perfect brief During his y . Down deep in the soul "fronfthe" world all hid Jen A tender love is living unselfish, unb.dden; By the careless and thoughtless it never is seen Rare paintings and pictures with the false hung ' - most-religiou- above. On a stone white and cold, close by the City's little heed wuf te thrown over the vheads of pie for man to follow . . ... but Daroar-o'nsl- was-looke- d " . 'IV ' . j How high o'er the world in serenest repose Sail the' moon and.the clouds when the night wind blows! Whence is their course, how appointed tOTnem So far, far a way from the boundaries of men. Not understood in 'magnificent e.they shine, Their author and ruler, the Grand and Sublime. -- And so among men even those whom we love, To our, hearts are unknown, litce the stars up WLtl-o- f . . - or-at-lea- st - 