WOMAN'S KXIONKaV 1 heart burned echoed and with:gratitudc and every- lip cl.-sraiiic- solemn amen, to ....... re-echoc- a net bis words of tiuth. A social dance was the program for. the Jewmc. Hitherto John had. Ixx-ii- most for he had been very busy with lithappy tli'-- y tie time 10 he felt like - uuuuius. ,ow ujuw running away, wandering into -- as to who . en Known and devoted brethren; who i rumen hundreds of miles on to bear ;ick tidings to their isolated neo-- . m the !e fatnesses of the mountains. And such tidings! The news Hows from hp to hp with great, rapidity. -- An army is on its way to Utah to 'put down an A host among t!ie Mormons! ol men a: ;t..voyer the prairies and deserts to annihilate the "handful of persecuted saints who have taken refuge in the tops of the mountains, a thousand miles from civilization ' .. ; There is, no noise no excitement; "hut deep jn.every heart is a firm and settled wnviehoiiTuf right and justice,; and a" firm determination thatthis project must not he allowed, to culminate. The declaration of their leader that .the arm v. shall not enter the valley, finds au echo in .every heart. The merriment goes on, though perhaps it is rather more subdued. ' There are speeches by prominent men. singing and benediction, more dancing and. a good night's rest preparatory to return on the where he could be He had never what was a party 'to hini without her sweet companionship. Xot for worlds would, he again experience . Then he the misery of that last party-his experience on the. hanks of the Jordan, and his feelings changed in a moment from the deepest depression to He quickly formulated sweet anticipation. He would remain and plans of procedure. He would treat take part in all exercises. Grace in all respects as though nothii.g had transpired, with that he would strictly suppress anytnature. In accordance hing of a lover-likwith his resolutions he waited until Grace had danced several times, then approached her in the frankest and most natural manner he could assume, (for it must be confessed he found it necessary to assume toward one whom" he had come to look upon almost as his exclusive property,), and, requested the pleasure of To say that Grace was surprised a dance. at this manctuvre wuurd but mildly express Vet that she was pleased her feelings. could be judged from the expression of her face. Never before had John apjeared to as good advantage. Never had he assumed in her presence so much of the outward He had been appearance of politeness. one of those who seem to pride themselves on their bluntness, and uncouth behavior. He had never been her ideal, far from it. -- dis-aorrceib- le -the- conjectures ;ence t iev. ivnno d a tbe surrounding solitude alone with his thoughts. vet spoken to Grace, and I liwsc: wear v. fXCtled- ;inn.-:ir- . be.thdr errand. The suspense wis "Hong duration.. Too soon was learn-tthe startling intelligence that they were - v roused were. "lit -- . -- rif i rath T i - -excep-tion e , - and as such may Ix; stuietl those of a later day., - profit by. The campaign came to an end lis all r : -- . things do,, and there arrived a day when thot.e brav e men came marching home, again, crowned, with the laurels of a blood-- j less victory, It had .been a time of trial to j.the fiery spirit oL our hero, and of other impulsive individuals.- - But like ore. from the funiice he came forth purified, refined and prepared for the summons which shortly followed; that of a call to bear glad tidings of great joy to a world which sat in dark- ". , I f . . i ness. Duriug the short ieriod which passed his return from military duty and his .departure for ecclesiastical labors, John saw much of Grace Alison. There were many balls and sociables in houor .'of those returned, and those about to depart; and these naturally brought them together But he did uot seek a renewal of old ties, though there is small doubt but his advance would have leen received favorably b that young lady in the face of what had Ix:-twe- en passed. He did not, however, yet feel sure of himself, and while he had full faith in the final accomplishment of his object, yet be did not feel that he had a right to seek her until he had fully proven himself .worthy, nor to bind her: by a ..promise which she morrow might desire to break during his absence. It is doubtful if the news of the advanc- . A bitter struggle this resolve cost him; ing host affected any one more profoundly but he came off victor, and bade good-bythan our friend John. lie felt ' stunned. to her in comui6n with his other lady The idea that after the robbings, murder-' friends, without once having a word with" s and and ravag-ingher in private. ings, burnings pillaging, which the people bad undergone and Poor Grace, lacking the upholding faith had of which .he of of her lover, was in- despair. just been, reading, Her love the parent government which should have during their estrangement, had grown been their protector, should without pre- - J stronger and stronger as she sw signs of text, seek to annihilate their last remnants, the reformation she had so prayed for; ' without cause or provocation, was more In. his apparent'coldness she imagined she Ytf i t teof i i Srin a n y fa u of his love and of her 1;g the fhnn hp could understand "r bear patiently, whole the could he as felt and He she fight wonder oi her "menus and even herself, at influence, though sought in vain : for ,the his was so indig-j clue. she handed, that Not to abated one whit in the times, her heart had clung great him, hoping army single In spite nation. : So, when a few days later, a call maidenly reserve in which she had clothed against hope fcr his reformation; ofher'love, however, Miss Alison had a was made for volunteers to meet the enemy herself, but in all legitimate channels had on their way, he was among thf first to sought to retain her hold upon the object large fund of common sense, and a still . of her affections. The diminution of. his Per- - ofrer'his services. f larger reserve of religious sentiment". his "UM-ilolm TmtliKr (xclaitned - love seemed now so apparent that pride hans it was due to these that she could see w- il J r came to her . rescue, and she resolved to dimly through.John Heplar's rough exte- - j: Bishop, yhen young Heplar presented to are take refuge in tlie same course. She had willing to the genuine kernel within.. How- - self, " Is it possible you vou do a whom oeonle nf ttH ever that many admirers and a little encouragement might be, it was.. quite certain r,rrlif as havcesteemed to the most acceptable made him very dethat she would never throw herself away not like, and whom ' you voted . But she was not ha ppy and soon the wronir doers? npon a worthless character, it she knew of M Such"is the case, Bishop Langly,': re- gave him" notice to leave. The only bis failings; in ,J such are comfort crumb left of was There things that John paid The dance was quite uneventful, but plied John. .. of a as no to attention the of other change any girls, and Grace was pleasant, but not the world, you know, enjoyable, wrote only to his parents and one or two mind." talkative, and John was more than once at . , s male friends, always sending his love Good for you," chimed in the Bishop Wswitseiidtokeep-off.aannoying and some " I always said that equally to all his lady'friends. awkward silence. He managed pretty first counselor. well, however, and later on, danced with of our rough bovs were jewels in "'disguise, her and held hearts of gold under their crusty again with a grain more satisfaction. ' Early next morning the camp was astir. coats." Miss Jkssie Livkhmokk, of Chicago, is With "Thank vou. Brother Harper, I hope life nnrl ntfncnratlF nntirinatioil.In a a successful designer of art glass. Thp Chr, von mav urove a true prophet. necesr . . 1 . Decanie , of u . . AfAntcr tnroiitisel. it competition of seven of the leading artists vmc aienestr.nninu m t h virimrv:' cannon auiulllh r hnnt17Pu t. v i t,.1, " ,v rt. of the country, she has secured, the work of 'V tor our ineiiu JV sary the sang people Wnplayed;desi gning the art window for" the elegan t ana patriotic songi;. There was ,x is not likely that ne woum .avc new residence being erected by Mr. and rvent prayer and heartfelt thanksgiving; n ey htIt of it. ; or done it it ne naa Mrs. Gougar at La Fayette, Ind. jaore shging; some speech making and hiit inasmuch as many others The Business Committee of the N. A. turthf toasting; some the evolutions, he military ordinance same the to' undergo V. S. A , at Jts meeting held last week at bole finally culminating, in a grand pic- - weie than rather pleased ni dinner. Adams, Mass., transacted a good deal of What a glorious time and was on the whole, important business. It was decided that a a haPpy, otherwise. details people the grateful, patriotic tro into r. large National Suffrage Bazaar should be ineenjo3 ment was at its height; of in hcho Canon; held in the fall of 4898, to raise funds for of the winter campaign other dozen of a and lessons the singing and ; the york.' The;' place was not definitely r v pshmes being in full blast, wheii atten-wa- s tne fiaruMiip fixed but will probably, 'be New York called to; the approach of of history, City.'. .: Tt is air.a maiter ; rsemen up the narrow', winding road taking part; -- -- 1 tt-- sj 1 ... e - tsa bchcrd-rrwelltoTTT- - : Te i I I ' j V hira-rio- T tl-.- . , ' i - . v . -- . . 1 : w - - i i - 1 ! ill - . " ! boat-agrstrollin- g, , lt.:o;ml ; 4 ; . 