...., WO M AN'h . EX PO N K N T . It wvsh.dl meet; again rlasp loving- h.mdv- -. wader by the seA. snds; Again Hie !;ve of youth,-th.niu-iand the ioy, 4'or which my heart has yearned, unmixed with QwuiMtw Koberl Smith, - Hail, all ami 'the bes.t the world has ever 'The noblest ' ... seen; . thy Jubilee, honored woman, mother, A.U hail wife, even sweeter and rarer with Thy chaims grow ' . thy lite. hail ous and clay, theauspic arise ations land holds universal For peace O'er England's sway. Her shores round all the earth by many ships are found, And the radiant sun sets not, beyond her imperial bound. fjreat is Ei gland '. and of. her Sovereign proud, rousing cheers of greeting arise from many ! d a crowd, A: Long live Victoria a woman brave yet meek, Who mercy grants to all deserving:, who her pre! sence seek. speak on this glorious day, Sing to all the world this glad and joyful Lay! The scepter held in a woman's tender hand, Has quelled the flame of War that maddened ! winds have fanned. 0, E gland's royal tjueeri heart . so dear to every, ! thoughts .awaken, that cause the tears to start, shall be Thy sacred vow fulfilling" My people ' Such tender ' free,1- ;They to thy yearning ; ''bosom are '..''' ' " closely held by thee. . and they thy slumbers They are thy thought, wake, . Just and kindly laws made f r thy subject's sake, ,. . Endear thee to thy people, w ho loving homage .. pay, . implore their God, the tyrant's hand to And alj stay. . Faith in thy . father's God through all thy length--ene- d ' ears. Thrills through the thinking world, and Nations'" move to t?ars. A girl II. so young and fair, and by he world u.'. known " : thy youth, wast called to sit upon a throne; splendor, envy, nor one besetting sin, Has ever made thy crown or jewels shine more Yes in Yet dim; thought of wealth nor greatness, or. power " came to thee, Buf heavy on thy heart, the sreat responsibility, Brought out thy woman's nature even in the day, When England's maids and matrons frittered time No ; mind and hov'ring round thv ' heart, ' ' omens ol the,sadness,that of thy life formed , part;' And though a girl, not thoughtless, but serious for thy years, Carfie glimmering o'er thy future, the mist that ' falls in tears. . : - -- A wife -- ! ' '' i. . : lives, that Death can part . no more. . ' 'For lite h everlasting on that Elysian shore." IV. A'mother all the world looks up in pride to ! iJ'.;.',;',!," " peace partake." Thy children's children, even generations three, Thou hast caressd and fondled on thy mother knee, Thy words so full of wisdom given in youthful days, Have turned t1 eir lives in faith,to walk in Virtue's ways. These children too, are jewels that sparkle in thy crown Thy mother's crown so gl it ious and grand in .world's renown- -. There may they shine forever, until the perfect -- day, And be thy precious jewels, when thy crown is given away. All things niust fade, and change comes to us all! The mist comes down in rain drops, even pleasures pall; The Monarch Oil his tin one, must lie While Winter's wind or" Summer's breeze ever wakes a sigh. Proud Ambition too must fall, totter to the earth, Locked close within her circling armsshe who ""' gave us birth. We leave behind to others the cottage or the proftS-ffl-4h-l- . And lost on changing breezes falls our last sad, ' moan. ! ' i 1 C i V josepu aicuois, lauy anu cmiii; limes; Thomas Tompkins, lady find two' children; Henry Rowland and son; Sophia P. Clark; Win. Kettleman. lady and six childieir fueor'ge Kettleman; Joseph Hicks; Richard Knowles and lady; R(jleit Petch, lady. and. lilisha Hyatt, lady ami son; John Phillipps; Jerusha luisij;u ami son; Kli.a Savage; Jerusha H. I'owler aiid four children; John R. Robbins, lady and two children; George R. Winner, lady and six children; Newel Boylcn, lady and three children; John Joyce, lady and child; Zelnora S. Snow; Jacob Hays: James Light, lady and child; Karl Marshall and lady; Simeon Stivers; Caroline Warner ami and three children; 11. A. Skinner,-lad- y chrkl; James Scott; A. L. I). Buckland; Hannah D. Buckland; Hannah T. Read and child; John Kager;, Patrick Melue, lady and four children; Isaac Goodwin, lady and six children; sTathan Burr and lady; Edwin Kemble; Charles C. Burr, lady and child; George W. Sirrine; Abraiu Combs, lady and three children; Mercy M. Narrowmore and child; John Reed; Christiana Reed; Isaac Addison, lady and O triii Smith, lady and six child -ren; John Thomas and Sarah Kettleman; Joseph R. and Mary Ann Fisher; Lucy Eager and three children; Mary Kager; George Still, lady and three children ;,Vm. Glover, lady and three children; Jesse A. Stringfellow; A. G. Ilaschal; Ambrose T. , Moses, lady and four children; Isaac lady and two children; John Sirrrne. ! two-childre- n; dHIL ust- -- .r. Sparkd"" Cyrus Irae;. J. M. Horner and lady; K. V. Tell, lady'and two children; Samuel John- ('ton; Kmeline A. Lane; Win! Kvans, lady ntui r,mr UUi ,;i;;ur;.. VliUVilUU nrJfKtk lilt VII lull.; V&AAykV JT,xf,ti,a and two children; M. A. Meader, lady and child; Peter, Mary a.n4 Elizabeth Poole; Jonathan Cade and lady; Win. Stout, lady and child; Isaac Leigh ami lady; j. A; C. Austin, lady and three children; Prudence Aldrich., son and daughter; Angeline M. Lovett;' Lucy Nutting; Barton Morey, lady and two sons: Dan Stark, lady and two children; "Mary Murray; IsaMla M thee: And loving speaks of thy sweet simplicity; Thy wisdom, meekness, pure and holy thought, To England and to children a precious bwn has brought. Victoria would that every mother over everv land. Their children in obedience so strictly would command. : Thv mnni "Ti,i,k tv;nc " mi"hty realm Serve God, for of thy lives He is at the helm; Love Him, honor him, thy mother ne'er forsake. And for the world live not alone then of H;s S. ). i . Rob-bins- . LIST OF DEATHS ON' HOARD THE SHIP. Feb. 14th the infant son of Joseph Nichols, aged? years 18 dajs. Huried.same day at 11 . W. This day all hail to England ! Mistress of tire seas ! o'clock a. m. in Lat.37 N., Long. 20 Feb. 20, 6 o'clock p. m. Elias Ensign died, aged Whose flag so proudly floats on evey ocean's 57 years, 5 months. .Buried next day at 11 .a. m. , breeze; in Lat. 19 30 N.,Long. 26 W. All the world is gazing, they all the j. lories see, Saturday P'eb. 28, son of John R. Robbins d ed And-ifuture ages behold thy grandest destiny. at 10 o'clock p. m., of scarlet lever, aged 2 years and statesmen thy greatness, thy sing Thy poets and ten days. Buried in Lat. 316 N. Long. 25 W. too, March 6, the son of John I'owler, aged I year, skies are wherever future prowess Tell 7 months and 28 days. March 7. 6 o'clock a. m., of consumption, Miss blue; the. armies tent EHza thine Ensign, aged 20 7ears, S months and 17 Thy ships sail the ocean, days.. Lat. 3 b. Long 27 w. land, " son of John R. RobMarch r4 10 o'clock And ' Live, Long live Victoria is played bins died of consumption, aged 1 year, 5 months ry band. and 16 days. Lat. 15.30 S'. Lpng;; 32 W. LvdiA D. Alder. the ship's crew. aKhEdwarMU Written for the Utah WorhanV Press "Club for March 27, 2 o'clock a. m., the daughter of the Queen's Jubileejune, 1S97. George R. Winner died of cankered sore throat, aged 6 months 7 days, ; April "2 o'clock p. m.,' Silas Aldrich died of dropsy, aged 43 years, 8 months and 20 days. THE SHIP BROOKLYN. Buried at a.m. next day in 43 S. Long. 47 W. May 6,Mrs.Laura Goodwin died, aged 32 years, ' CArTAIN RlCHAKDSpN . Her death was occa11 months and 23 days. sioned by a fall, she eft seven children. Buried bv Samuel Br amian I Juan Fernandez. rr,7, en A male child born before doubling the Cape York harbor on the 6th of Feb, 1S46 Atlantic and a female bom this side was route for California: List of passengers was called ' A. J. C? called Pacific. ' ' V ni. - gaze all the world upon this precious gear That sparkles brightest in her royal diadem ! . Loving, faithful, ever mourning; her Albert dead, Elects alone, the varied naths of life to tread. Her heart cry, " I love those who long loved . thee, , And where they are I often long to be; n the grave they're slowly borne- - away, too will follow, if perchance I may. Albert I am true to thee, my love, my love, ; 'Jost precious thought, all earthly things at ove; the summons that shall come, ,TWait long delayed . of-th- y by-ev- , ; - , : I wo-Ai.i- n Here ' c earthdloy, u ill crown our happy thtone, : . away; Shadowed in thy . 'and C.CvT TTtui Jniy; ypon'lhen - Women of En land - e lady e a-- m., . . ; i-- at. W onboard the Brooklyn : I . 