W 0 M A N 'S 1 -. spared to see miraculously awir'r'i- I 7 7 - . V settliem Iyi President Wood- a.ni i i run, as in; tneir declining years they in .keeping themselves rejoice w .;:! i mire ail' i nnp'Hiuu Hum uhj Miih. ui me uvr'i.i. They should keep" the Word of J yivK:i and Cod would add His blessings.', 'The .hymn, Song of Praise, Was rendered ' l,v the Sunday schools. '.The. Lord's prayer was recited in concert under the leadership of Klder Richard S. ' . : h,.,u5,l i rmd j , ion- ! - j . Sunday School Union board; Madame von. Kinklestejn was Ihe next Hei ne of the . 117 observe his conn. Kent-ratio- resident oi this great movement: ope that our P ri(lint ana tint God's love winii rest unon ax-i- uausnijr nvmn us.-- . hat. Prize' Shall Be Reward,, was sung' bv the Sunday schools and benediction was pronounced by Llder .our oc jx;ecues inai a nave oeen in llie nabil ol the people. I have consulted no man in regard course I. should pursue in my' remarks here this morning, and I .do not know thai I shall satisfy my friends in the remarks that I may'inake, hirst I want to s.ay "a few words upon politics. I hope, that I will not astonish you. I hae not been in the habit of this, heretofore. Put I feel desirous tV say. a that are upon my miud; In the first place there is not one item, not one sentence in the Constitution of, the United States, nor in the laws of .the United Stales, or of the.State of Utah, that deprives any citizen of any name, nature, religion or polities "in the land, from joining any political party he wishes or voting for whomsoever he wishes. - This is the right of every man to him." i - , K X 1'ON K N T W George Reynolds. the close of the. exercises-mav avail- ii me ui'.Mbencs opportunity to shake nanu, witu l'rcMdent. Woodruff and there-,io;erwas. some time before the entire audience was out of the building m n it tq-th- e few-thing- . She said: 'We are gathered together here .in the A TRIP UTlv'OF HOXOR. naiae ftf Jesus. Christ our Lord. This is : scenes witthe have of ever I one greatest To see so many childnessed- in my life. To without hindrrmm W 1tj' Kviu'r.,1 wiJ.iajKli WOODKL'KI into the like is ren coming, kingdom of at. times of using Church influence" to guide ... " n rex T -- w olTJR Ut t.K "heaven; and before the. honorable President is 6n"e of the ana aireci me biaie. is occasw.mally here. Me must-feetoday that he is in the most unassuming inen the world has ever presented to the public.inis as our action.' I . i.. .1..'. . . i .1.... ., if kingdom of heaven; for Christ said: Suffer seen, nothing would be further from his ".u r;..t.t r.i uere ii lu ami iy -' ui) uui) iiijui loaay the little children to come unto me for of thoughts- than to make a display of, or for that I was . with Smith acquainted Joseph' And as himself in any way or on any occasion. and .was acquainted with him from such is the kingdom of heaven.' 155 Ihit .the Latter-daSaints delight, ill doing until his these little ones are 'singing here, they I have been martyrdom. him honor and are never weary of .seem to have come from the heavenly hosts sounding with Brigham Young and assonis praises. Uu the recent celebration of acquainted above singing 'Glory to God- and peace on ciated with him for forty years of my life, ' his in. the wishes-tolife birthday and earth.' large Tabernacie, at home and abroad.-unde- r our good Long' many circum-'noble President.' I want to call him my March T st in this City he was ninety years stances. I have also been acquainted with of age. 'Before the hour set for own President;. I ani One of the children and labored with him in every John Taylor of the Lord Jesus Christ. This. is one of io a. in., the house was filled and nearly capacity, in which he was called to act. every seat in the gallery taken-- . The have also been a member of the I am the the memorable days of my life. quorum of Tabernacle in choir, were their usual Zion of that the places, ancient" the Twelve Apostles for upwards of fifty-srdaughter and Held's band was stationed at the Ivast Zion and have the privilege and honor to of my life. And I have presided end of the gallery and played at intervals overyears be in this Zion of the Western hemisphere. the Church itself for a few years.- I very sweetly All that I can compare this gathering to is have been asscciated with my counselors When President Woodruff appeared on and with the the one that was held by those who were .Twelve Apostles. the stand he received a magnificent ovation, And I want topresent led by Moses through the desert the Childsay upon this occasion beentire the rose and waved fore God, angels and all men that are before Congregation ren of Israel. While- crying for bread their handkerchiefs and in me, that I never in one instance have ever the choir Mcses said to them, I shall pray to God to joined " send vou bread. The next mornimr when singing the hymn Our ..God we raise to known one leader in this Church ever Thf opoTy.f1 ?)V fhf lie el.lbhea of Isiaerrosc up they expected TllCe." ' - to see great loaves of bread lying ready to' choir singing Noble Chief, "S prayer .was the State as members Church. At P offered President Smith. by eat. They cried, Where, oh where is the Joseph the same time, when any man, no matter then Choir "Hail bread.'. Moses said, There is the bread. sang Prophet, Brother, who he is Mornion, Jew or Gentile ocs Presidentafter which Woodruff Friend," That was it, around like little seeds. t forth and uses money or any means to hire They made ' an, said. Mauora', the meaning of which is men to vote for him, I thinlTlie steps outside" his right, and stands in a measure 'Do you want to starve us with this ADDKICSS Or WKIXOMIC. bread?' Moses said, Go, gather the bread responsible. arfd eat. I feel highlyhouored this rnorning in v I want to say so much to my friends this And they went and gathered and ateand they were filled. That bread from meeting with so many of my friends upon, morning. I have officiated for twenty sesheaven was called in "the world, manna. this important occasion. Yesterday those sions in the Iegislative Council in the There is Where the word originated a who were present might have observed my Territory of Utah, amp or.e session as a symbol of praise to the Maker. What is condition. I was perfectly overwhelmed in member of the House, and it never cost me this that God has sent us into the wilder-- . consequence of tile scene before me. It one farthing for any office I everheld in. His mighty power He has led was not what was said particularly, but it the Church or in the Stale or Territory. , "ness?. Py us iortU by His servant, in the desert, in brought to my mind with overwhelming And I never asked any mortal man on the the wilderness, "and . us to dwell in power my boyhood and early manhood and face of the earth to cast a vote for me that I planted this wilderness earth have any recollection of. A? ah example, brought the children of my desire that I might live upon-'threceive the perhaps I may be permitted to say I am the srael like mighty Closes ttirough the to find i people who would wilderness. You have faith that with Gospel "of Jesus Christ as taught by Christ father tfiQnrteen sons and have a number s of and I believe 'they are pretty in meeting witti wany that came to this "place, and with and the Apostles. Latter-dathem this of the children of the nearly evenly divided on political party great man here, through great are many to feed with Saints, it brought to my mind those scenes lines Democrats and Republicans. I will Peeution, yours the breath of life dollars if in conversing the nations that are to and the- fulfillment of my prayers and give anyman-fivhe can get any one of them to with them coaie to yoti in this Zion. In .this we will r. desires before the Lord. his to that father be ever told him who to vote able say I can feel - 1 hope this morning.. I. may and alLthat together; toSome of you may try to make a little say is that ;Iwish truly long' peace to make a few- - remarks. I. will say this, jit forfrom my. boythis State, and mcuey perhaps at that. (Laughter.) I give, the glory to God of has been a desire of my life, consider is of to address any assembly Israel. It is with everybody responsible for him- - -you and the children hood up, never could not makeT hear what I self, and he has a right to vote for whom tttatare here every one of people whom I feel the same this morning; he pleases. the temples of the living had to say: I pEiliayeare President Woodruff then spoke of; his. He. isTiviiig in you every one. I do not know whether I can make this lay you live true. to Him as our honorable assembly hear me or not; but I will do the early experiences in Sunday schools and in reading the New Testament, his feelings . p resident. He is ninety years old, and it is best I can. wcause lie has As I can hardly expect to ever have the when he first saw some of the Blders of the r kept himself .pure and irom the world, that he lias lived in opportunity of addressing the people of this Church; his reading and testimony of the of-- Mormon, his baptism .world-auState and mv friends in days to come, I truth of the book yet not of the worlin into the Church, and continued as follows; and with God, as His o few reflections upon my miud that have is he that Prophet, At this point I will say upon the subject And I will say lonoreub nowr-r- ay ' '1 f r r GodLpreserve his life I wish to lay before you. from any of my pub- - 01 religion, wuai are aae ngnis 01 menijup. lhese children different are that they from' here, and may they sneaker. ln-n- ' T I . " . . l -- . . y - y . the-ope'nin- g ' e-ity x - , . 4 of-th- e - - - . e -- " tnou-sand- . sons-m-La- y e - " i . -- uh--spott- ed d . I . ' s 