f V . the Hands Tfo of the Women of UUh should te a'Poucr CONTENTS: fices and monuments were destroyed. For nearly three thousand years the sand lias accumulated within it, burying some of the largest munuments, and in some instances " The obhiding almost entire temples. server who first approaches Thebes sees vast obelisks, fused mass only portals towering above palm trees; but a clostr. and longer inspection awakens .sensations' of awe and astonish incut.-'Among its temples the most are' th se of the ' Palace Temple of Karnak; the Temple of Luxor; the Memnonium; the tomb of Osymaudias; and the mountain,-, tombs or Catacombs of Thelx-.these latter, are sometimes called the Necropolis. Karnak surpasses in its grandeur all the others. It Stands at the southeastern extremity of the city, and its name is derived from the' village which has sprung up on a portion of its site. Tlie French engineers when Napoleon invaded Egypt were one hour and a half in riding around it. " The temple itself is 1,200 feet in length, and its breadth is 420 feet. It is approached by a long avenue of enormous Sphynx the largest in existenceand by a succession of gates and colossal statues, constructed of different stones ard marbles. Two of the sculptured feet, .and another is obelisks are sixty-nin- e The portion that feet high. ninety-onwas the chief hall, 159 feet. in breadth and aSfeet long, has- for. the support of its i ! Silk Wonn Julia A. Drucc. M.X'Tili.. U. W. Egs j Curtis, Sec, W. Iouissa Jonts. CoBiographical Sketch ndi In Washington, D. C. An Interesting Trip In Memoriam. A DelU Fish- - R. S. Reports. Time I S. Wilcox. Ladies' Mtctiug Zina H. Bul, Sec. I C.-O- iielle Senii-Moi.tbJ- Intt-rtsiin- g I'iTK-- i Memorial One Year Ago k v'T Utter. Editorial: N'otex HyrrmRebccca ! " and-column- s, y PsTfry L. IX Alder. Editorial Years. Twenty-fiv- e of n Three Ouarters Of A Century. v MEMORIAL HYMN. God, our Heavenly Father, Through our country free A wordless army rises And lifts its voice to thee. No cjasp of arms, no war-crIn all the peaceful throng; Our only arms are flowers, Our cry is prayer and song. We breathe the name of comrades Who. standing by our side, For union and for freedom So nobly fought and died. From toil and pain, and battle Well have they won relf se; We giv'e them love. and honor, Thou givest rest and peace. Thou carest foMhe lilies; Thou seest sparrows fall; Some are by us forgotten. But Thou. remt mberest all The lonely graves and nameless, ' Ikyond the resell of ours, Thy hand ( loving kindness ; - Will exown today with flowers. O y " RE'r.KCCA . . CLUB BY MISS JULIA A DRUCK.- - in years after the reign of Misraim Egypt a ruler called "Busiris built the famous city of Thebes and made it the seat of bis empire.. This prince must not be confounded with the Busiris who was so inTJiebes was a famous for his cruelties.. great city .of Egypt but is now in ruins; arid its remains extend for many miles Tradition along both banks of the Nile. t jsays-tha- t b)Misranrr.-- -I t situis the oldest city iti the world, and is " as strings." v - rysmOcd-rtT- rose-colore- . d, ts SoMiC it-w- " -- iUuaHHuty Palfrey Utter. KK A PICK'S' - The city of Thebes lost its previous .importance "soon after its revolt against Ptnk-rnLatlivrus. and. its subsequent cap ture by the'Greeks B. C. 82, after a siege of three years. Diodorus gives a very particular atscrip- d feet .fan of All the King .Osymandyas, one of which w;as eleven in diameter. of work has been colored and still adorned with sculptures aiid paintings representing his expediretains its brightness. , The avenue of exquisite beauty;, tion against the Bnctrians a people of Asia hun"Sphynx has now but fifty of its six whom he had invaded with four hundred dred" still standing." and twenty thou" The Temple of Luxor, especially when thousand foot soldiers, " In another part of this viewed from the river which flowed through sand cavalry." of the It stands in a edifice was exhibited an assembly the city, is a lovely sight. on his breast trees' and with judges, whose president wore with covered palm plain of truth with her eyes shut aiid mountains stretching behind it. Beside a picture himself was surrounded with books. Not far its portico stood two" obelisks, each nearly from hence, was seen a magnificent library, 80 feet high and 32 feet in circumference, block of beautiful the 'oldest mentioned in. history." a of single composed The Mausoleum of this king displayed polished granite from the uncommon splendor. It was encompassed of these obelisks One of Syene." quarries with a circled gold, a cubit in breadth and is now! in Paris, France. . It was taken in circumference, tach cubit of. there in 1S33 A. D., and erected m the which showed the rising and setting of the ... two Place de la Concorde. " There were concealed sun, moon and the other planets; for so partially; seated: statues, colossal as this king's reign the Egyptians dia from carved early each sand, by the rising The propy-lo- vided the year into twelve months, each black of block granite. single of thirty days, to which they which is 200 feet high, contains : stone consisting ; Inside it has added every year five days and six hours." cathedral. a build to enough or Misraim built the city of Meues, most in dimensions, varying 200 columns, one of the sucAll its apartments Memphis; and Uchoreus, of which are entire. cessors of Osymandyas; is also said-t- o have d withculptured-workexecuteare covered built this city, which was situated at' the with extreme care and delicacy,, this being nnint of .the Delta, in Lower Kgypt. It the ... it. was as if . f- r, n ne as uiiauic m tvirtc was the ancient capital of that country,' and it Here supis work of a seal engraver. was one hundred- - and' fifty furlongs, or the sculptured studied Homer posed that for more than seven leagues in circumference. 1 to inspiration; gain and battles triumphs '' of Southward from Memphis this latter king 4oinb The strains. molt heroic hisDiodor-u- s raised a lofty mole or hill; and on the right historian the as was, Osymandias and left he dug very deep moats to; receive informs us, at once a palace, a library with stone, a quarter in the river. These were faced and mile a was tomb, a it and strong cause-waynear the raised and city by with adorned sculpwas Circumference and' the: whole designed to secure t;he ture of the greatest excellence and splendor,. of the;.Nile, and ni fromlnundations place destroyed bythe This tomb was partially cursions of the enemy. A city 'so .well Only invaded : Egypt, Persians when they -- . BKKORK THE the remains of two colossal figures indicate now the spot on .which it stood. Of the Catacombs in Kgypt, those at Thebes are considered the most remarkable. They are the oldest that are known and eaii be traced back for 4000 years. These Catacombs are now nearly all of " An them dismantled of their contents. artist who visited them before they had lieen roninletelv disponed savs. he discovereU r some little chambers, ancFcm thewalls of" one were representeil air kinds. of arms, such as coats of mail, bows, anmvs, jave lins, sabres, helmets, etc. In another room there was found a collection of household utensils, such as chairs, chests of drawers, leds, etc., all of exquisite form and suitable to have graced the apartments of luxury and wealth. Besides these there In were vases and other stxihll articles. still another roonr was represented agriculture, showing a man sowing grain by the side of a canal; a field of corn reaped with a sickle; and fields 01 rice with men watching them. In a fourth room was a figure clothed in white; represented as playing on a richly ornamented harp, with eleven e KGYPT. KE.VD N022. " 1 May'3-.j- Stale and the Nation. SALT LARK CITY, UTAH, MAY 15, .1897. Vol. 25. j to belter the Home, the first-buil- ated in Upper Egypt, about 335 mile; southeast frorii Cairo. Thebes was also called the great city of Jupiter. , In it was founded the first college, and the first palace for a Its circumference was twenty-thre- e miles. It had one hundred gates and was, Hug. according to history,: sufficiently to send forth from each of these time of war,7twb hundred armed and ten thousand men; Thebes populous gates in chariots was laid in ruins by the Persians under Cambysesj edi- in 525 B. C, and many of its noblest 365-cubi- n, . : : s; " ; : 