r ; Preparations were mad; ; to have rf "should le a consideration, ' economic t tx U11U11 . U IJJ i .S. as well as the moral tone of the community. invitations were issued to guests, most Reform in city,, government is the cry in fifty RMMELINE 3. WELtS, JWiVor. of. the uumlxr being those who resided many places, and at' the present time, we ANNIM WBLLS CAN SON Cm,lia), BilfrUf C tribute. and had. been generous. in help, in ward the who live m halt Lake Lity, are especially Published desirous of peeing a better condition of ing to sustain, the Relief Society; other in Salt Lake City, Utah. Terras: one copy one year, $ i.oo; one copy six months, affairs, and the la ws and ordinances' on the guests were General and Stake officers of ' 50Cts. No' reduction made for clubs. City papers deliv. .statutes .'more strictly administered than the Society and of the Church. ered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. The most noted visitor was a cousin Advertising rates:. Each square, ten lines of nonpareil have been of late. If there are serithey one spac time, la.50; per month, I3.00. A liberal disous grievances and wrongs that reflect upon of Sister Kimball's Chief Justice Granger' of-thcount to regular advertisers. .' State of Iowa, who exxupied a' seat of the well bei'ur and morals of- the rotnmun- ' j Build-n& Exponent office, Rooms 227 228 Constitution ity, then it is possible that radical measures houor and who made an address which was Main Street, opposite Z.C. M, I. Business hours from must be taken in order to set things right. very commendatory of the labors and fflwt 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. Address iltbusiness communications to The women of this city have great of the Mormon people, and particularly so PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, power forgood in their. hands at this critical of bis cousin whom he spoke of in the most time, if they will only exercise it wisely, affectionate terms, she being his nearest Salt Lake City, Utah. living woman relative. TJie Judge has Entered at the Post Office in Salt Lake City, Utah, as and this coming election will be a "golden s matter. opportunity to make the ballot count on the taken pains while here to look into matters from an educational and business stand side of right, justice and reform. Mothers who see and know the great inpoint and has examined our affairs without Salt Lakk City, Sep. 15, & Oct. i, 1S97 crease in vice of various' kinds, should most prejudice. It so happened that the most important seriously-takadvantage of the time, and consider what strong measures can be personage, Sister Kimball herself who had RELIEF SOCIETY CONFERENCE. taken to. eradicate the existing evils, and planned the whole affair, was not able to ' - Tun General that attend the banquet on the evening it was Conference of the Relief prevent future spread of wrong-dointhey may not be answerable for the down-fal- l given and it was a great disappointment to " Society will be held in the large Tabernacle of the innocent and unsuspecting. And all those who had assisted as well as the in. in this city, Thursday, October 7, vited guests. 1897, meetings commencing at 10 a. m. and in he matter of voting it should certainly hall was handsomely decorated fur at 2. p. m. as usual. It is desirable that be the than who is honest, upright and theThe occasion with flags, banners aird beauti- each Stake organization of the Society true as well as capable, instead of the party . . a,. r..i should be represented by the President or to which he belongs; or tLe woman, should lui uuwers, me laoifs were loaded with fruits and delicious viands in ereat varietv a woman be nominated who is oatriotic an authorized representative. All members of the Society and of the Church are enough (and has the essential welfare of and the scene was most inviting except for the city at heart) to stand by the cause of tbe aDnce of the one whom all would cordially invited, the meetings of the Conference are, open to alllnterested inclnrita-bl- e reform and not be swerved to the right or have delighted in honorincr. Bishon R T Burton left was also detained at home and or philanthropic work. by any specious reasoning of men, who seek H. Young and her counselors. place or power with a view to personal Zina D. H. Young, , T. Rodney aggrandizement, or from any other unworthy Badger who had been selected President. as motive. toastmaster is (and who, by the way, did Jan S4 Ricaards, As himself and as the company great cred'it as there is a wrong to te righted long Bathshkba V. Smith women should have the courage of their well as the President) took charge in the Counselors. absence of Sister Kimball, and when the convictions and stand firm as the everlast guests were seated Bishop Elias Morris pro ing hills for the triumph of right Women have muHi uv nt jvuivv. ctii- - m 1,: lUdl- nounced lUe biessinjr. RESPONSIBILITY Qy WOMEN 4&rusef4he muial sense of obligation I L'ummTiolTinWTiIing from Sister VOTERS which it is expected thev will exercise ntul Kimball expressing her regret at not lein C also that the whole nation is looking on to able to attend and giving some few ideas of The women of "this city and of the entire see how women who have this precious ner continuous work in the ward, modestly state should constantly remember. and esDeei- boon, the ballot, willcarry themselves-whetheto the many expressed, and alluding ally at election time, the responsibility rest-in- g will was read to they the dominant changes etc., yield by Brother .Thomas upon them equally with men in regard influences that Hull and was prevail among men, and deeply appreciated by the to voting, and in regard to selecting suitable become participants in the political affairs company. In. recognition Elder C. W. persons to fill any office of emolument or that Penrose current moved a committee wait upon that pass as, being the proper trust within the gift of the people. In thing, or if they will still remain womanly Sister Kimball and convey to her the love accepting equal suffrage it was understood and .and esteem of thesassembly, and congratumaintaining those that women also accepted the duties and that motherly, tend to foster and strengthenprinciples' the best lations upon' the success of her many obligations as well as the privilege. And it attributes of mankind labors and long service in the 'field of wois certainly expected that a large majority of Women have. not asked for man's work, in not only philanthropic but women would act conscientiously in all suffrage because of place or power, or to crowd men many other directions in the Church and in " matters pertaining to the welfare of the out of the ranks of the the State. Bishop Morns or prostate including its several localities. appointed Thomas rhen fessions, but that be Morris Hull, and they may Nephi Sister E. B. Wells. acknowledged .cities and towns are well regulated and as an in the being the absence work equal and of the During business committee Elders wisely controlled the state is benefited; in me worm E. Jos. in which great C. and all W Taylor must Penrose addressed tact government begins first in townships and take part, along all lines that lead live the In the assembly. . earlv to mrt of the etc., spreading out into counties and so on; and progress development in the civiliza-tioevening Bishop Morris, Sisters M. I. Home and if, as is a fact of the Constitution of the of of mankind in the best sense of these E. B. Wells and Judge Granger were called country, we have a government by the peo- terms and This great work upon. Sisters Horne and Wells spoke ple and for the people,every individual per- can never beconditions. done well hv son of years of accountability should specially upon the Relief Society, its labors accept human family,. it is the and results. ; A song by Mrs. Maggie ' his or, her portion of the actual responsibility; opinion of all who u men mat was delightfully rendered and the Hull and women must do ucepiy and much more devolves upon those who the work together, and unitedly. have the ballot in their hands. lady warmly applauded. After the committee returned a brief report was made bv Women have in the past, thought men Sister E. B. Wells and careless of the great privilege accorded accepted by FORTY YEARS PRESIDENT. them and now that it has come to pass that and the guests, and after some other the women of the Rocky mountain states apprppriate remarks to those who had aided Sister Sarah M. have been favored with the franchise, and pfesid- - etc., the guests rose and sang "Praise God ReliCf in the Fifenth from whom all Siety equal political privileges, they should see blessings flow ' and Councity over forty years. The selor Joseph Morgan closed to it, that they should not fall into the with prayer. errors of partisanship or of indifference to iW)ruary. The occasion was ?e the public weal. The Countess of Aberdeen" will contri-tt- e In this state particularly" where so many only on September .6, of this yearns U an article on "Woman's Place and uut convenient to celebrate it last women pay taxes, the financial and OT in Canada," to. a new encyclopedia winter. 01 Ca"Ada, edited by J. Cantell Hopkins. xriYA "Mr? at " wt-iKr-e 11 A A tA L L. . serai-monthl- y,' . , 1 g, . second-clas- e -- g . .til " Sis-terZina- : 1 . J - r wage-earner- s - " n . - the-B;sho- ward?re Kiurhas - ... ; , ? - . p 