fellowship- mid otAlAvill . aiid.tfust whiJe JJ J lUKsc'iiililcd in these gatl :erin" there 7 I - - sa ' .7.7" . " .. : . - -- .. I child corresponds to the development ol t ie eare ot that rnmseii, HJ -- such happy thought, that vc shall all of us forever alter, feel richer in knowledge and wisdom,- and have a letter understanding; of each other s conception of the duties and obligations of life. :md of that laree dutv we all owe to each, other and to the. great world of mit-nhan- 7; ,,.,;. . g humanity. j, . J nasties from cliildhood to manhood. The "kindergarten is the only system which enables the child to develop along all lines. The system has proven such a sucidea wil'l soon-hcess that, the kinderearten ' carried out in the lower grades of the put lie schools. K VIC NINO SESSION. Again, we welcome the visitors to our is-'hearts 'and homes, feeling assured it After an organ selection by Professor good for. us to know each other better and Jennings introduced Mrs. thus learn to love each other more, to have KadclilTe, Mrs. commenced her address by who greater charity, because of the larger oppor.j Henrotm,that she was usually accustomed' to tunity aiTorded through the association that stating it gave her comes through; our local clubs and the speak only to ladies and that additional pleasure to' include grouping of clubs in the State, and the "men among her hearers, as this presence grouping of the sever il states, bring- - indicated that the gentlemen of Salt Lake ing into touch and cementing the love and City were most devoted to .the woman's fellowship of the- women of America, in cause. She cited three instances that had one golden chain, reaching from the Atlanwhere tic to tlie Pacific, and from Canada to the come, within her personarexperience made most perti- Gulf of Mexico; and in the grand galaxy prominent public men had nent statements-iregard to this .cause. of bright stars, le sure the iiitermountain Cardinal states ( whoe highest altitude scarce equals One of them was a remark by in the lofty ideas of theirgenerosity to women) Gibbons before a meeting of clergymen and the will shine with a brilliancy of setting of France that the labor movement of women which' we who are honored with the full movement for the advancement must go on hand in hand, and that as soon rights of citizenship may be justly proud. fact was recognized the solution of the clasi ug .vnij7rejirirks on this au'sjiici Another ous and happy occasion, pardon me Ff I re- Two problems ivou Id be reached. was a statement by. Prince Bismarck that, if vert for one moment to ihe spirit of the woto men Pioneers of this" now fair State, who the great government of Germany were survive, the women of the land must bein the ear-l- days of the valley though livThe speaker come interested in politics. ing in a primitive way, far removed from the great cities of the world, in keeping also repeated a public utterance of one of with the progressive.spirit of the age and the great labor leaders of this country to effect that now that the women were believing in the advancement of women, the learning organization the labor question established; in this city, the first woman's Mrs. llenrotin would soon be settled. paper 'in this iiitermountain region a quarter .orpL a eenturyagn, and the first except one, then reviewed the history of woman's west merely ganization, and the incidents that led to Mississippi river. women , the formation of the present federation, rile iliis f.ui Lu nntnrnlly nd-- . although perhaps lacking the culture' of the she Fast, have uot' been behind in ideas at least aptedtothe most inaggressive methods, she of woman's higher education and literary chose education as her firs step, and fhat the development had reached a point now attainments.' In conclusion we extend to you a true that there was no woman's club in America" and tender welcome to our own mountain where education, politics and religion could' Soon- after the uot be discussed, freely. honie, in the new State, the forty-fiftstar in' the dear old flag, the 'Stars and educational feature was well advanced the department clubs commenced to be formed Stripes that in these mountain states, Colorado, Wyoming, Utah and Idaho float over, and many instances were cited, particularly free women as well as free men. among the department clubs of Chicago and Minnesota, showing the good. they liad acLet us hopo and believe .that the inFederation, which is the spiration of this convention may stimulate complished. us to gieater eiTorls for good iu all direcprinciple of modern civilization, naturally tions and along all lines and give us more followed local and state organization, and exalted and stiblime ideals to work to, and the' National Federation' which commenced at length attain a complete realization'; of with 30 clubs, now had a membership of the best and highest advancement possible 500 clubs. The speaker declared that the federation in its liberty and freedom was the to reach in the pursuit of true knowledge on the highway of life. greatest example of organization that the ' world had ever seen. The women of Utah were second only to those of Maine in emMRS. MCVICKEK. 7 bracing the, federation principle. Mrs. Henrotm gave several amusing incidents Mrs, Kmma J. McVicker of the Cleofan, , gave a most interesting talk on the' evo that had followed the department 4aiUoir.QQhi7Jiiodel jmpil in which she said: "among them, being "the town 'and village " A knowledge of childhoodlsli"ecsaryl;o improvenient1associationsrvhre-thewam4i- -l a" knowledge " of all- the 'ologies. Many of these clubs taught the school children to are the gained Ify cultivating things study become jnterested in this work. She told of nature, only .through works of creation of one little girl who reported to her local can the child "understand the Creator. A association that she had not been able to acchild's first. instinct is to build, next comes complish much her df but she had induced the plastic instinct", he instinctively desires her brother to cut the grass in' their to mold, and if allowed full play his creative and a small boy .reported that all he yard, had been able to do was to storr every "man. he powers will bring out many beautiful results. : All children are sensible to music met and ask him not to spit on the side-- ;' " """Tr and rhythm. 7 :.77:7L-:- : walks. ' " l: The greatest principle of development One cf the advantages of club life and is self activity.; 7jhe-- development of the federation which ' , i j j ! j ! i Mrs. -- -- . as.-tiia- y of.-tli- I- e pirv-44t-vvite- rii sTiidrrat-a-woiHeH-w- rc , . h .7 '7 club-work- - : . . - ' '" : MnIejirotiu poyit . ' I - , Colo-rado- - the-gentle- -- out was that it produced a strong,' ."healthy7 social life and' a Spirit of .true lellosv;,;;;-"whichis not tobe round Tn what' ;(jr. dinariiy known as society. .It prodded a democracy among women which un'J1in.r The Worm's else coulu accomplish. one leader, for hundreds' Federation had no of women were coming into the movement daily and were giving their 'hearts to ihe work .and each would thus lead the other. Mrs lienrotin closed her address by uiglng her hearers to maintain the spirit of or- - m. ization at all times. Mrs'. Thatcher, the president of the Federation, then read an address 'hi which she extended'greetingsand congratulations to the women of Utah, and after reviewing the work that women" had accom'. nlished in her own state she extended a cordial invitation to all present to attend tht coming sessions of the Federation 'in' ' Denver. . j fur-the- ir -- I, t Gakv the -- vice-preside- of- t! nt - Colorado Federation, made a most amusing .address, in which there were many go!tl; natured references to the work of the or, f,aniatiou ;nnd the persons connected with it. She apologized tlr. not speaking at some length by saying that as Mrs. Hen-- . rotin had reviewed the work ol trie national federation, and Mrs. Thatcher had exhaust-ethe subject of the- - Colorado federation., and. as Mrs. Piatt who was to follow her would talk of everything under the sun, there was nothing left for her to say. Her remarks related laigely to the work of west7 ern women in general as compared with that of their sisters east of the Mississippi. . She expressed- the greatest pride in the Work" accomplished; 'by 'western women,' particularly those of Colorado and Utah. After another organ selection by Professor RadelifFe, Mrs. Piatt, the "president of the Denver Woman's club, -- delivered the dosimr address of the evening and the mini-- ' ber of bright; amusing stories thaU-shtold in. connection with her remarks were appreciated by the audience..- 1 1 er speech was not confined entirely to the subject of womaif but she had .much' to say on the subject of man, among other things that she wished to see the day come when una. could be taken into women's clubs, but she was1 afraid. that there was oiily one way to do this and that was like the story of the New York flats where no matter how badly they may want to see their property rented, make the ironclad provision that no children shall be ad-iuitted. A little' girl whose "parents had made man' unsuccessful attempts to rent a flat and had always been refused on account of their child, finally saw another little girl leaning oiit of the window of one of the flats and in her amazement she asked her how she ever got in there.. The other little girl replied that she was " horned" in there. 7 Mrs. Piatt denied the existence of such a being'as the " new woman " and said d . . - - ' cruel-hearte- laud-lord- d s, . ' -- v -- herwasJiet club life and organization and the good she had accomplished by taking her proper place in life. . Man need not fear that woman would7outstrip him in the race as he had such a long start before woman coin- nienced. Mrs. Piatt argued that woman's work in the world for tlie advancement of her' own sex and the relief of distressed hu mauity. could not destroy her'sphere in the Mme,; aiid"slieTrrpd"EeT home Jife in the same light that any 'gppa man would regard it. ;7 - , .. . : 