' WOMAN'S- - EXPONENT. A ijJSltlH NN HAM KKTT, 'AI'Mr.L- fV.1. - .... 4 . r.. . ()', ... - . v:? .m temlSts ana assist aKo, the sisters in the care of the wheat that . Haninctl departed tUn hfe i?eT. IB; P,',:;;:,; . was I'um n nil ii. oa. in nniY- ., ... , ... .... ....... ' .. Mld!M tls a!Ul wift JneS. Richards, uie year 10407 Initio 't , y.l ngiuiwipuru and Charles W. Penrose, Counselor 0j!i- .if the. first to embrace the Gospel in, that "i me .ait Lai- M.ik-.-' :: (M it iit John Taylor. being the one who U:':.!, i n ca... ilr'i.H-her the Gospel; she was baptized by A. p. Hammond and. Wm. lesuiency Or'nTY.'U. he being the first missionary .to visit lulls. OpeneTby the choir the was .kept 3 prisoner,. her parents singing, Ah,ii l.'ifj.i. She hymn to God "Glory 0:1 high;willing or her to associate with the r praver nanus, u nen an opportunity WuS was ofitred hy 'President IV A: Hammond; Liner-ii..she woukl steal aw av and and continued by singing a:i..rdcd "Softly beams the if God. For. urd seven tl years she had sabred dawning." ..t li. r i.'u Hy to do as the Spirit of God President Martha Hammond nt Alien she was married she was free to choose her pleasure in meeting in Reliefexpressed She aiidjier her litV .t::d u hat she would be. Society huM' d vt s.nl for S ilt Lake City the 15th of Conference again and of being favored with M'treh. rnw..-- the plains with ox tea. us and arthe presence of Sief Jane S. Richards, n the 6th of October, rived :m S t.U Lake City First Counselor to the President Zina SUer bii:1 L!,i months' 0:1 the. toilsome journey, U'Hd in Salt I, .ike City tjnt.il the Saints Voting, also the visiting brethren. tin v'r 1c :The reports of the difJerLiit branches ihur hme.s for Johnson's armV to 'i theVity. th mo tl to Alpine ..M. of the Stake were listened to. 'All are i.a-made it her home ever since. She u.uJ .0; doing fairly-welbut there is mn f,,r jm. was a t nti.f il worker in the Relief Society,' being The General :uidStakv. otlieers provemenL .WMc'a-- for m iny years, aUas willing to labor were unanimously MisfaTiicdT7""" "r." "" 71 ves -- fotsr; children, two ; in the Gospel May tlicy hopor her .0 sar.d t'A' o.tughters. Counselor Jane S. Richard., commenced, .m n and follow. her ex unple, for she was in- '" should die. babies Jred a Ta!t!:fioriip'.ih1oTi, true to" her covenants" her remarks and. iVspt-ctethem sent out of the by all who knew her. As we cry she did d beautiful bite :i her and as face, of ix .thought place .she feirthey were angels; if htr many good deeds, we wondered if all the not- talk louder than a baby could actions were re. orded' in ' the tablets of . . she would' take her seat, as she cry heaven. want the mothers to be deprived of R. Y. Nash. .SISTER MARY HURT. coming to meeting because they had babies, " I do hope the mothers will be more diliSistkk Marv Hurt died at her home at Eden, Weber Co., May 17 alter an illness of thrtfc gent in the training of their children, a.s the week-- ' w hich she bore w ill evil one is doing all in his power to "lead patience and fortit.ude. She was the d auyiVer of James and Eilen them astray, therefore it will require, the was born v Barney parish. Till cross, Ai vvur, .Y -- ". iJr.-sklm- . . , i - - -- 1 r.t ; . '.i , : vl.-:- ( y . i o 1 -- msi-l ... they have to store up. Presidentl' A. Hammond added a .few remarks endorsing all that had been said. The Conference was adjourned for three months, after which the choir sang. "Benediction by Bishop George Hall. I'A'KIAN Amis, Stake Sec'y. : - r tn- - -- . r h,-a- 1SKAK di-ecte- -- d ini: iear iike Ketiet ocietv convened at the Bloominglon meeting house May -3, at 10 a. m.,' President Hart of the Stake presidency1 being on' the" stand.-- After sing, ing, prayer was offered by Brother Walter Hodgepthe chorr sang,4' liail to the brightness of Zion's glad morning. ". The tdnc-er- s roll was called,, after which 'Pt evident LiudMy expressed her than'kfulm ss to ( ,ud lor lhe uianyTjlcssings we were Said the forenoon .meeting wouldenjvfug; te devoted ti rep its. ' TTieToIhnvTng' branches ( f the Relief Society were accordingly rein ported as good condition, the sisteis enjoying their labors and felt that the Spirit of God was with them. Blooming, ton, President Patterson; Paris First, ward.. Sister Jane. 'Stucki; Paris .Stand ward, President I nues; Lanark, Sister LoVeland; Liberty, Sister Austin; Ovid, President Carlson; Bern President KuhU; Xaunen. Sister Williams; Georgetown, Sister TL undivided attention of.the parents, teaching Huff; Bennington, Sister Merrill; Sister Bagley; Dingle, Sister Spark's; their children to le truthful, honest and St. Charles, Sister N. A. Puguiire; virtuous. Our )oung women as. a rule President Howell; Garden City, seem to think that the Relief Society was President Linford; Lake Town. .Sister. organized for the old ladies, but tht is not N'ebeker; Lindsay ; the case for it is for old and young alike, Thomas Wardboro, P'fsident Round-valleySoda , Fork, Sj)rings, and I hope all will try and attend to the Randolph and Woodruff being the: only Relief meetings as often as they Can and I ones in the whole Stake not rc presented. hope the sisters will cmtiBue"to store Vheat President TirnKnv said that-- 4 hfit 4trtrf-a P ittdtrutrBTTgTiTrr Yunng coiiTntat never been a .better representation of the them"- to do in case of famine.' We kuow Relief Society before in this Stake and 'not how it will come or when, and-ththe sisters to awake to a sense .of safest way is to prepare for it. T do wish urged their duties and live that they might enjoy the parents, the mothers esjK.'cially, wouJd a goodly portion of the Spirit of God to attend the Primaries occasionally; it not lead and guide them in all their underwould be but the children, encourages only takings. Spoke, of sustaining- the Priesta great help to those who have them in hood of God. Meeting adjourned by sing, Gave other instructions, among' charge." " Jesus my own Redeemer. ' ' Benedic0 ing sisfers the the them she enjoined upon tion by Bishop Finley. necessity of sustaining tlieirowu pap)er,-th- At 2 p. m. meeting was called and after Woman's Ex ton h nt. the usual devotional exercises the. sacraKlder Penrose, of Salt Lake City, sajd ment was administered; during the adminwhat was worth doing at all, was worth istration of the same the choir sang a President Lindsay doing well, then if we undertake to do any- sacramental hymn. we asociaticn different in the a hort time. .giving timely advice thing spoke s'hould apply our whole energy, to" that duty and counsel. Counselor Llizabeth Collins and do it well. If we give our hearts to feebly tottered to the stand and expressed the Lord, then we will be willing to give her thanks to God lor sparing her life unr n oped tn at the til this time. Spoke of her travels through all we have to His cause 4h i Uke u n d -- fel hat - he r '"work" wa vp of nnrhastitv that is sweeping over was nearly done. Her only .desire was' to the people, and be very firm and earnest in be faithful to the end. Counselor , L M. Hart spoke of the., good instructing the youth in being chaste and work being done by the Relief Societv. virtuous: Addressed to the ,y cm ug,, ladies, urged -- them keep Apostle Richards said in order women to be kind to. their parents,; especially their up our proper growth, men and must unaerstanu wnai men uuajiuii w nuv mothers; said. I hey wilL not always be be' with you, do not wait until after, they are ld iiv nor mission nere. gone before you realize whatihey have done for you." unuerstooa wnai ue was 'p Sister Mary Bagley said there was a sent us here.' Spoke very impressively on resting upon the the subject of chastity and ,virtue, which great responsibility hvJ 'Ttlder Penin mothers nn ;.,iir Israel, they should be worthy was previously .v.u xi.ixali. "ivi, rose anu lor parents 10 to Sister Hodge expressed a desire to do all over their children and not allow them' she could to further the good work, Presi-the- : wanted be roamin around at night, and Hart Spoke of the7 liberal Bishop's; to attend the Primaries and dent Joseph " : i- -e ha-J't- l.AKi;. 11 , . ! l ' ng, b5-sayi- -- not-wan- t . - slit-Vqu- M - jo-h- did-not- Mc-Brid- e, Scotland, Aug st 2S, Was mar ied to James B.:rt Auii'ii't.j, I S4 r . grated o Utah with r hush oid, two son and four daughters. Ca i e to this w uil seventeen years ago and. has een v worker in the Relief Society, acting as teich'T,,-ways ready and willing to visit the ,;,r .,;..! h in need of assistance, which labor lor'.- - as' her health'wo- Id ner- as nnrd it!:: !'w!iio olhce she held until the day of h- - a- - a - ;: -- .; .Kit ftur Hart ..'.fa. "i.r, m ri ll r S!u ta-- r i . i from this I fe . tiit d as she. had lived, a f .ithful a.t, a lie uted wile and To v ITi g h aves two sons, f ur daughters, gra ichikben and nine great grandcinuinn her loss, b t with hope of a ;r;v fivt: hildren resurrtcliou. , behalf of the Relief Society tender our .and luisband to the bereaved 'sympathy glorions In 'rfe-p'e- r. - w-- st iamily, also the following: ; . . Line, true, mighty and eternal, Stretching over the dark sea; . c mg to the gatesof Friends are knocking there for thee. he-ave- the soul though faint wit 1 longing, Stid must tarry here Tid oar soul-lif- e growing stro ;ger, Then a e soar to her away. ' knowing she is home in heaven, Where no storms can e'er betide; e !!! Iochi;' flfarn vsi- aiu44ii ' v.- VJ.J. C7il,s usio ourlovedones srde. V 111 .! rn - Vi.-i- lf 1 -- Sakah . Shupk, Pres't. Maria Graham, bee y R. -- e e She lies .silent 'neath the blossoms, Wit other friends beside; ." in ile's mellow ."Fainting glory, Soughj: a land beyond theji e. ; . Fish-have- . Fiowers of s Jinmer.star her over, L ke the gems on robe of king; Songsters Hither your sweet music In the golden dawning b ing Hut Mont-pelie- r, . - Wive ye softly plumy grasses, )'eryon sleeper's lonely mound; Si'i ye gently prarie bret xes .'Let not c auiDr there be found. Re . AND p. A. RHPOR1 s. . . -- ister&-wouldtHit s-- S lirearthraiJd-eaerne-oL-4is'-shou- , ' - -- . SAN JUAN. of the Relief yncietv Confer-- ' the 'SiE Juan Stake of Zion, held at iS tt of-Zi- on j .. .".j 4 ' ,'. " n, 