. Ill The Savior uii save all his Father did give, abroad, Even all that he gave in Save- - the sons '"Of "tef UUt ' ' ' lost, And can never'retum to the presence of God. the-reg'ion- . Save to them who are made to partake of the ' . Was never, tior will he, reveab-- .. unto nn 1. Yet God shows by vision a j;linp of their fate, And straight'.'. ay he closes the m cue tiiat was shown: So the width, or the depth, or. the misery thereof. Save to those that partake, is forever unknown was closed. And vvhfle I was pondering, the And the voice said tome, write the vision for " vi-i-- '. " s - m "; all. ' throne. . 'Tis the end of the scene of the sufferings of .those, 'Who remain filthy still in their anguish and woe. . Again beheld the terjestrial world, In the order and glory of Jesus, gT on; 'T vvas not as the church of the. first born of God, But shone in its place, as the moon to the'sun. I f bear record of heavenly things, Where, virtue's the value above all's that's priced Of th truth of the gospel concerning the just, ' That rise in the first resurrection of Christ. :, . . . Who received and believed, and repented like- Behold, these are they .tha have lied without law; The heathen of ages that never had hope, And those of the region and shadow of death, The .spirits in prison, that light has brought up. To the spirits' in prison the Savior once preached, And taught them the gospel, with powers wise, And then were baptized, as a man always was, Who asked and received a remission of sin, And honored the kingdom by keeping its laws. afresh: And then were the livin'g baptized for the dead That they. might be judged as if men in the ' "' flesh. " . Being buried in water as Jesus had been, Ami keeping the w hole of his holy commands, they t?int nr Xlig-iir'- .' the ordinance truly of laying on hands. For these evermore, by tlieir faith and their By . life-tim- e, - They are they, of the church of the first born' of God, And unto whose hands he commiteth all things; For they hold the keys of the kingdom of And reign with the Savior, as priests and as kings. They're priests of the order of Melchisedek, Like "esus (from whom is this highest reward,) Receiving a fullness of glory and light; As written: they're .Gods; even sons of the lu-ave- " Lord. . So all things are theirs; yes, of life, or of death; Yes, whether things now, or to come, all are theirs, And they are the Savior's, and he is the Lord's Having overcome all, as eternity's heirs. '" ,. Tis wisdom that man never glory in man," But give God the glory for all that he hath; For the righteous will walk in the presence of God, While the wicked are trod under foot in his " wrath x ; the righteous shall dWell in the presence of Yea, ; ;.. God, , And Jesus, forever, from earth's second-birtFor. when he comes down in the splendor of , heaven, AH thesehe'll bring with hirn, to reign on the ' .;' .earth, .. honn-Mh1- men nf tbp f earth; Who were blinded and duped by thejcunning of men: They received, not the truth of the Savior at first; Brt did when they heard it in prison again. "y works, x as. purified gold, Being, tried in their And sealed'by the spirit of promise, to life, "' , By men called of God, as was AarOn of old, us . ... . . . i ; ' And again the-rreat- . . - r :ltItsli:A n j quenched; : - . And the punishmentstill is eternal. Amen. And which is the torment apostates receive, Hut the end, or the place u lu re the torment lo their bodies of tlesh, f -' iM n It . . In eternity now, and eternity then, Where" the worm dieth not, and, the fire is not ! in . bell,. same,- C i u-ne- JThey are. they, who must reign with the devil in began, ' ,... And so the telestial is ininistered to, By ministers from the terrestrial one, ..... ' iKa r. vim is, from the celestial..throne; . s And ereater, greatest seem. stars. ' ' Thtse are'lsey that come up to Mount Zion in moon, and sun. . life, of heaven, the 'of and spirit And thus I beheld in the vision Where the blessings gift; ' telestial glory, dominion and bliss-- ,' ' abound-The i SufpassiiigtTiirgreaini2H!erstatvding of men;-r- -. These ;are they that have come to the heavenly Unknown, Save revealed, in a world vain as this. place; above: To' the numberless courses of angels And lo, I beheld the terrestrial too, To the city of God; e'en the holiest of all, Which' excels the teiestial in glory and light, of fountain the And' the home of the blessed, Tn splendor, and knowledge; and .wisdom, arid love: joy, In blessings, and gracesdominion ami might. To the'ehurch of old' Enoch, and of the first born; Ami general assembly of ancient renowned, .1 beheld the celestial, in glory sublime: Which is the mos( excellent kingdom that is, Whose' names are all kept in the archives of WThere God, e'en the Father," in harmony reignsp heaven, As chosen and faithful, and fit to be crowned. Almighty, supreme, and eternal; in bliss. Where the church of the first born in union reside, Tin se are they that are perfect throngh Jestis Anil they see As they're seen, .and they, know-aown blood, they're known; Whose bodies celestial are mentioned by Paub ' Being equals in powerMdoniinion and might, Where the sun is the typical glory thereof,'With a fulness of glory and grace, round his And' Ge-- and his Christ, are the true judge of These are they that arise - s KXI'ONENT WOMAN'S Not valiant for truth they obtaned not the crown, But are of that glory that's typed by the moon: They are they, that come into the presence of ' Christ, lint not to the fulness of God,- on his throne. ' '- - - The glory celestial is one. like the sun; ' The glory terrestrial is one like themoon; The glory telestial is one like the stars, And all harmonize like the parts of a tu.ne. all different in lustre and size, As the stars-ar- beheld the telestial as third, or starry world, next in its place. Forthe leaven must leaventhree measures of meal And every knee bow that is subject to grace. These are they that received nobt.he gospel of Again The k-sse- nnsi, x Or evidence, either, that he ever was As the stars are all ditTerent in glory and liglir So diilers the glory of these by the laws These are they that deny not the spirit of God, But are thrust down to hell, with the devil, for sins, As hypocrites, liars, whoremongers and thieves, And stay "til the last resurrection begins. -- So the telestial region is mingled in bliss; From least unto greatest, and greatest to least The reward is exactly as promised in this. These are those that. come out for Apollos anil Paul; For Cephas and Jesus, in all kinds of hope; Enoch and Moses, and Peter and John; For Luther and Calvin, and even the Pope. For they never received the gospel of Christ, Nor the prophetic spirit that came from the . ... . Lord; Nor the covenant either, which Jacob once had; They went tTietr own way, and they have their reward. the order of God, tast of all, these are they, That will not be gathered with saints here By '! below, ' To be caught up to Jesus, and meet in the cloud: , In darkness they worshipped; to darkness they -"- -7 '"';; go. These are they that are sinful.the wicked at large, That glutted by meanness of their-passio- I - n Worth; All liars, adulterers, sorcerers, and proud; And suffer, as promised ' God's wrath on the earth. These are they that must suffer the vengeance of ; he", Til Christ "shall have trodden all enemies ' ' down, And perfected his work in the.fulness of times: And is crowned on his throne with his glorious ' crown. . 'Til the Lamb shall have finished nhe-wor- k he begun; Shall have trodden ' the wine press in fury . alone, And overcome all by the power of his might: He conquers to conquer and save all his own- these are they that receive.not a fulness of light,. From Christen eternity's world-wherthey are' The terrestrial sends therrMhe- Comforter.'though' And ministe'rihg angels to happify there. The vast multitude of the telestial Avorld As the stars of the skies, or the sands of the sea;; ' ' ' The voice of Jehovah echoed far and wide, Every tonsrue shall confess and thpv all how the knee. Every man shall be judged by the works of his .. .';.-- . '.; , life, ; And receive a reward in the mansions pre-, pared;,' For his judgments are just, and his works never .' end, v As his prophets and servants have always de" ". clared. . ' 