VOM AN S K X VO N KNT.I. - r Tou nslp'p, Stark Co., Ohio iTeara"iTiT;i. September iiIjSlS, and was the" dauuht' auaience, anaine patnos wmi wmcu suesam i hQ$c.i ea rs . Jo )t , j RMMEUSR ANSIS ?. tVHLLS CASNON ' - WELLS, iCamtii). - Editor. EitfrUl Cntrimtr. . Iublished in Salt Lake City, Utah. Term: one copy one year, $1.00; one copy six months, 50 ori. No reduction m;ile for clubs. City papers delivered ry rmil, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. ' A Ivertism r.lte's: E.tch square; ten lines of nonpareil semi-monthl- - per month, $j 00. A liberal disadvertisers. regular ExroNkST office, Kooms 227 A 228 Constitution Building, Main Street. opposite-Z- . C. M. I. Business hours from M"J a.tn. to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to pi- count , one time, y, t Ji. 30; . ' PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT,. Salt Lake City, Utah. Entered at the Post Cicnd-clai- s matter . in, Salt La. Office : City, Utnk, as . ... - - great epipire state, would it not be a grand who joined the Church of Jesus Christ V,f Saints in 1S30. James Houston culmination of her .heroic efforts for the Latter-daemancipation of women, if before she.passcs the father of Sister M. H. Kimball, was away, cqnal suffrage should be accorded. intimately acquainted with the Prophet' How we wish it may be so if only for her Joseph Smith in the-- early days, as ab,j dear sake who has wrought so nobly for this were his family he was a memler glorious cause. Zion'scampin 1S53 and was always faith. Ihe opportunity "given-Mi- ss Anthony nil to the. cause .ot truth ; his daughti ' and her to appear before the Mary was biptixed with her parents in thai senate assembled, was a, rare occasion and early day ana continued iaitniul to the tun. the President of the senate who is also of her death; which occiirred Thursdav, Lieut. Governor of Iowa was most cordial Dec. 24, 1896 from paralysis with which in welcoming the ladies. As many as eould she had been afflicted, having had a stroke on Monday, Dec. 21st, 'from which be seated on theplationn were invited there, and others were seated near the room is a recovered so as to be able to speak. 111 handsome one all its appointmerts. The She was tenderly cared for'by her two. sismembers were all flue looking men, and ters. Susan? Mitchell and Catharine. Alexpaid the utmpst deference to the ladies ander and their children Sister Kimball y ; r co-worke- rs -- -- .sU-iifiver- . ; ; JjALT La k k City, Jan. 15, and Feb. i, ANNUAL COXVKNTIOX -- X-A.A- 1897, S, A. V. Leaving' Salt Lake City (via) U. P. R. R. at-- a.' in. Jan. 24; 1897 we. arrived in De Moines, Iowa, after two days 7 journey at or just after midnight, ready for the opening of the Convention at jo a. m. Jan. 26, ami answered present- when Utah was called much to the surprise, of .the delegates, and especially the delegate from Idaho,-.MrsWoods the writer's own "daughter. Of course it made a little stir in -- - -- , - j I i.siilBlAckwell-ohad-udiospoketo them . familyof her own. and had f Mrs. of Boston, Colby Washington I). C., years alone. Mrs. Bradford of Denver. Mrs. WVUs. of With her father's family when a child Salt Lake City, Mrs. Woods of the Coeur she- went from Ohio to Missouri, endurin- -- de Alenes, Mrs. Catt of New York City, an ine irarasnips the saints sintered in thoe' Rev. Anna H. Shaw and Miss perilous times, and from there with them were thd speakers,. except that Mrs. Woods, to Commerce, Illinois, afterwards XauVoo, who was new to the work was simply intrountil the saints .were driven from thai duced, and Miss Anthony spoke for her, .beautiful city. . though she reported Idaho in th f Mary remembered the occurrences of .. and made a speech on Friday Missouri with childish accuracy, and has evening when the enfranchised states were often recounted to the writer some of the , all represented on Idaho evening. A great tragedies that transpired ' in her own deal of executive, work was accomplished vicinity. during the week, as mticlor more than we While living in Xauvoo Brother Houston have ever known of being"done in so short died, and his widow and family came out a time. Some of the speeches made were with the saints who left in 1846,- but. par excellence : indeed Miss Anthony in her previous to this Mary had been sealed in palmiest .days has never been' more, the new. and everlasting' covenant to Joseph applauded,7 and the love of her followers and Smith for eternity, and to Heber C. Kimsomething marvelous. Mrs. ball forjime, and came in the Kimball famCatt is brilliant and convincing, she- - is a ily from Xauvoo. woman of fine presence and is verv After-th- p denth of President VmiKill takittg." Rei. Ida L, llultin carries her Mary resided for some years in the Seven audience away until they are spell bound teenth ward in this City, then1: exchanged "v.. i3 vci) uugiicuc, ner elocution her property, or sold out and went to live is. perfect, and her whole bearing is one in Pleasant Grove, Utah Co. where sin- 01 suoiimity. Her subject on Friday continued to reside until last spring, wrftfi was 29, "Theoint of View," she became strongly ' impressed it .was her and she made it an impressive sermon. Miss Hultin, Mrs: Catt and Miss.Vates are duty to work for ner dead and came to this City solely for that purpose," and devoted exceptionallvigrand: both-i- n -- presence - and her time and energies ever since to that every other qualification : of course Dr, work in the Salt. Lake Temple. Shaw is always excepted when we make In Xauvoo Sister-Maro s, conse-quently-lived.ma- - Ccu-ventio- n, . . . ; meeting when .Miss AnthonycalIed us to the stand and insisted on introducing: us as mother and daughter from, enfranchised states, rtah is accustomed to incidents of a similar nature, but the Idaho delegate was nut and was'somewhat timid, it being her first visit to a Convention of the N-W. S. A. though she has worked hard for the ballot in various"'-wayand made many speeches in her own state. Des Moines did herself proud in welcom-iti- g th Convention, and ever' attention was shown dear Miss Anthony and her following that could make them feel welcome. Governor Francis M. Drake on behalf of the State of Iowa and Mayor John McVicar on behalf of the City of Des Moines,' And Dr. -- H Mrs. Mattie Locke Macomber for the various woman's clubs, and Mrs. Adelaide Ballard State President W. S. 'A. Iowa. these sweeping assertions. There are many other able each of, these made, speeches welcoming the speakers of :whom we are fond very women to lowa ana Des Moines. So inchiding"cspecially immense was the crowd on that evening, Mrs. Avery, Miss Blackwell, Mrs. De Voe' Wednesday, Januar) 27, that an overflow 'MrsColby, Mrs. Upton, and manv more' many uiey, would rill these columns. meeting was held in the rear hall, and hunUtah was celebrated last year and this' dreds went away who could no.t get standwas Idaho's year, and Mrs. Woods had a , ing room in either the large 6r the smaller r , hall. Thus you see friends, interest is nue report and an excellent speech" in the evening which we hope to be able to increasing in the work of equal suffrage. in our next publish issue. It was this evening after Miss Anthony Utah however, had full had sjoken in the Convention. hall prdper, opportunitv although only one person-wa- s that when she addressed the overflow meetpresent from the state to make the she the most made ing pathetic speech representation. Xext year. iSqS. will we had ever heard her make in a Conventl, for tion. suffrage, the., first Convention having Her appeal to thexaudience was teen hell in Seneca Falls sublime: after revie wing in brief some of the July I9 and hard work, done during the last fifty ears cTto celebrate on that da v. she referretl to the results and remarked At the that having given fifty years of her life to Convention in- Washington in 1898general will be a grand jubilee in which air there the cause; only four states were enfranchisstates ed, (how slow the work grew) and though are expected to participate. she hoped during the next ten years to see j others come "inr"andTnay be" infifty years MARY HOUSTON KIMBALL SMITH. more all the states, yet she wished it might be sooner: her magnificent appearance, the Sister M. H. Kimball, the subiecf of majesty of her, figure as she stood before tlie tlu brief T sketch, : was bom A. . -- - . . -- p-.uv.- eve-ningja- n. -- oopor-.tumt- y " . - tk;i, ; I ! - 1 ! ' y had the of being closely associated with tl1f '....AP"tles,iu a, .direct way, by.waitiiig.-.upou- upun anu minisiering to them, at the home of Brother Jos. C. Kingsbury who lived over the Tithing office, and where the authorities of tUe Church were in the habit every day. while the Temple was fining finished.. In this case farv wn n being veritableMartha, as she was engaged bi the Very troublesome occupation of and serving dinners, and if there iscooking honor in waiting upon the servants of the she will have a large share. The- writer recalls the fact that at one of these dinners were assembled nine apostles and t wo of the Presiding Bishops, not. counting Elder . "IHtWelfVbut quite sure of all their cannot-no- w be names. That partir .cular occasion is remembered the writer as a wonderful spiritual as wellby as temporal xeasc In Winter Quarters, on the Missouri river Mrs Houston died ofscurv5 as did scores of others; for lack of proper food, and now Z Jamel g penod onl two of the family a"d Mary H0ust0n who were ' 