.....WOMAN'S KXPONKNT. 1'3 , ij.. nl- -i can walk.' we came to Jacksonville, J. , t there one (f Hyrum Smith s horses V .' ,j 1u had to leave us. .There ..was a : . , . amongst strangers, called for the-p- ' l1', j.unie or friends but he of the branch and told him to let .k-nIM!;'cr Snow preside over the branch as a i(i:ia'-and to'fced and clothe us until ; i said There :,ToT,iiun'ofhitnTlley rnt fit Ar.nmi mt nnp nv ' . ana fattier jo.sepn nhh - lid it should be in the annals oi his After that' the Kirtlaiui camp w ith oiiae along and we went .to Missouri them.. We went into an old log house that we could poke "a cat out between the ;,) 's anl there my first child was born; it there iust the same; . -- dav of October in the vear !,. :rr.-.r .f,. -- . wnu nuc uecauiu .arau uic ib;s. jane and afterwards wife of .. .. . urj..u ' .i i tt'sluCUL JOsepiI iuuxjj;. it nasAum uuu hiiuwed every day and the mob carne into Far West the very day. of her birth, and we I could not keep the were much excited. sidwife long' enough to dress iny child. Sister Diautha Billings Was her name, well "The mob was known among our people.blowing horns and fifing guns all night We were without bread' or anything lor.g. to make bread of,- - but by the "help of the lord We Wetg ptcJerveti by the brethren dvinj nil their arms and nroniisiug: to We left in the month of eave Par West. There were February the following year. three families to one wagon and one spa.n cf old horses, we took turns in walking. There was Brother Winslow Farr and wife, Gardener Snow and wife and James Snow and wife;.We traveled all day and at 'fixe as we had no night by down at tent. We arrived in Illinois in iSy; and in 1S45 I my house burned down, by a wicked mob painted black, and I. was forced " to leave and Left Xatiyoo go to Nauvooi" 146. Stayed- at Council- Bluffs until J5t and arrived at Provo in i52-i ua ,. Lu----- r v. !.--... . v - i - . - lii-it- - - " licre add that when the call was niade fur the Battalion her brother, Richard Carter; (.vvho. died in the Battalion) was one; f the volunteers. His wife died shortly will leaving three children whom Sister Snow bri She resided light to the Valley'. in Provo fiom the time of her arrival here and was ever energetic in the cause in whivh s;,e engaged. She always paid her a few 1JtnemdTiTer dvs f lier'death donated tothe Temple life March 9, brnijThdepaTt after,- I - b t. ; x r f f ; yx - , " of much faith both for JJersd'avHl others;'' many times she was healed, by the power of faith and once when she had been given up by the best physi- clails ';d it had even .been reported that sne was ' dead, she was healed, 'as the mother of nine children and .the time af of grandher death had fifty-fiv-" . . Sbe was a woman . '. OhiM. e . ... . - . im .. "-'- . 4 . . . - i t ' ! h j , i ! ., . . ! . so fiTaithT'biit-Ther-Oe- 1t.!i ;. ' Kfrilaud Camp company came along in iam-wit- t Aiier me usu;u t i r. k n ex n o u ss ion ., inemK hver exhorting tliein opening, exercises the General and Stake , to f;lil, ometiis were unanimously Mistamed. - rresi Mudi might'be added to this his. dent M. A.' Hyde made remarks upon re- tory hut as I did not intend a lenL'thv f ceinng members not of our faith, thoe Gave 1; who are not for us are, against us. sketch, will kUhis Mitliee. details of a blessing given her "by the LreiN nted to Patriarch Hyrum Smith. prepare ourselves for greater times." IT. W. I?. C. 'Spoke of forewarniugs; said we do- not know what a day may bring forth,' but let At its lat regular meeting March 31, us listen to the promptings of the Spirit and. the IT. W. P . C. was entertained at the live near to the Lord,' home of Mr. Kllis R. Shipp. The evening Sister Hannah Dorius of Ivphraim said, was an enjoyable oneMiss A. M. Beecher "let us take care of ourselves ami children, being the guest of Uie club, and a large always heeding the wise counsel given lis. gathering of friends and" club members Our .property is' loaned us to help build up being present to greet her.. the kingdom and for the purpose of serving President Fox called the meeting to God, therefore we should not forget and order, prayer was offered and the roll called v worship that more than God:" The nrt part of the evening, was de-- Counselor Abigail Shoerjaker thought nhesistefs needed great "praise lor "Their-roo-d works. Said the 'tTme to ijve our with quotations trom Byron ancKMrs. Helen naie iviiuoan ire.sennutr a oauer on nis wheat is immediatelv after threshing; we r ,.r are" i;r,. U1 always blessed when we give our mites; hoped wemight be faithful and humble. rarmmgiou reau an onguai poem Christina .Thompson said to live so near At the request f the ladies and in- reply to their questions MissJkecher gave an inthe House of God and enjoy so many formal talk on topics of interest to blessingswas.jnore than, she had ever antithe influence of women in policipated. Sister liarvey said the sisters will tics, and the political status' of the Pastern lose nothing by attending" the meetings, ore. but will e able to '.accomplish much women, all being touched upon. )fimtAfrrhTrrrtitweTtservt d "al'" the and will have more of the spirit which close of the meeting. I he next ineeang as every mother needs in .order to teach the ' children to. pray and to be obedient. usual at the office of the Woman's Kxi'OBenedicta Hansen felt whei; she NKNT, April 50. Iiach member is expectthe Gospel that she must have been and present ed to put on her thiiiking-caan original sentiment on that occasion. acquainted with the principles always. Orii-llSpoke of the Primary work. " Mothers do" Ci'ktis, Sec. not neglect the children; they are our Mrs. Helen M. Cou';ak- was admitted Father's children. Try to explain those to practice before the' Supreme Court of beautiful principle to them and have them Indiana on Feb.. 19., She at once made instilled in their jliinds." "Ksther Anderson, expressed her desire to the oral argument in her test case, wherein testimony, 'less tT7nvtmirwl-fe-- lr "she claims that the present law, properly Cox felt we were esjcial-l- y iutrepreted, is sufficient to permit women Counselor Alvira blessed with the presence of President to vote. All the Judges came down from the bench and congratulated Mrs. Gougar Hyde, Thought .we lived in an important time; Satan is ever striving to see 'whom . on the ability of her argument. he caii catch: " There has leeii a tendancy to sit in judgment of the work of .the leadR. S:. REPORTS. ing brethren; if we once allow ourselves to doubt we w ill find ourselves in the darkSANPETE STAKE. ness. There is a great anxiety in the duty of parents to children; let us give them MiNfTESof the Sanpete Stake Conferiniiocenr "amusement and try and make ence of the Relief Society, held at Moroni, iioifie pleasant. Follow, them up with our" March 12, 1S97, President M. A. P Hyde Thee O prayers, as there is so much of Babylon presiding. Siuging " We thank the indus-- . God for a prophet;" prayer by Andrew L. right amongst us." Kucournged Great try of silk culture. Jensen; singing " Guide Us 0 Thou of the Brother James Harvey said " Ve are the Jehovah;" readjng and adoption, were salt of the earth and .do not let us. lose our previous minutes; the annual reports, Sisters Maria Willardson, and savor." read by the secretary. ; ; President M. A". P. Hyde felt gratefidto Maria Dorius made a few remarks. President M. A. Hyde spoke of the meet with her sisters of Sanpete again. them must Gave a short report of the R. S. Conference signs of the times and aruo-jbe the. great call for missionaries 'desired of the Salt Lake Stake; spoke ol corrupforth to destroy, the" mothers and sisters to aid and encourage tion, the destroyer is going 111 Mothers the young men when called. and those who are weak he.approaclies such a manner that it- would throw them guard your daughters; they are pure and the choice. Have" them trained and off their guaid. Prayed the blessing of indiousework firstand foremost, as Lord upon all , Verbal rejxrts were given Trom Lhester, a good housewife is much towards making wards Mt. home happy." Gave the sisters a mother's Kphraim North and Southwere read from blessing. " , Pleasant. Written reports . and Moroni mouths.Conference adjourned for six Mauti North and South wards, u BenedicSinging Praise to the- man." Sterling. : Counselor Alvira Cox gave instructions tion by James Jensen. it was very AI A K IA V I ELA K DSON , Secy '.. concerning reports; "said are to have them correct as we .' WAYNE: TAKE. ;",, king history. Singing " "Lord dismiss us with Thy .blessing The Relief Society of Wayne Stake held Harvey. Brother James i da-Snow- t hi did so. The President's the brother that was-,m,. vis Merrick, in Mis-- ' killed at the Haun's Mill Massacre in the branch .jjj While we were there behold there came my l luukut out, and the, one ox that we brother He had made tf harness and behind r. lack led him up ana tne one ox carnea nis whe and three children to Missouri, and when I saw him I rejoiced to see him haveTst r. -- with- - 'Mill -- i- . me j rcMcarbybutlicdid not; r.n ..... " ! 1 ...-::.- .,.- . all-econ- omics, 111 1 . em-.brace- d p -- 1 . . . . - g - " accom--plishe- d ' ' - . - . ". - V . - 