WOMAN'S q&jtH EXPONENT. 1 os life, ' ' v ' fender the pro- Cleophas has roads and nallyi alter many hardships, Section of the government officials, who-wrFrance, and while iir port at Philadelphia Mrs. was reached. is to her. Her's serVe their Uomt. Cleophas very glad ai gave a brilliant reception. . .Mrs. .Cleophas, life home situated .86 beautiful to calculated and a then Mine. Block Halbout de Honi, was wjthin has inspire gre'at respect scenidle The Yellowstone has and Park. the shown of remarkable tact "goodhonored by. a miles from "Cut-toin and of iiess of heart her treatment 'is de Admiral Brown magnificent. Colstown to attend the generous ery picturesque one who sought to injure her, and it would entertainment given on the bridge 6fthc vood. Ranch" is an immense "property, case ship, as a representative of the French" woodland abounds, majestic trees spread seem thit 'when the. true' facts of-t-he She their giait limbs and- sheltering leaves about are known; and there arq good and brave branch of the Red Cross Society. the Cottonwood creek and the Green river .men ia Wyoming who will not allow such attended and was accorded every honor at that merrily flows in zigzag coarse all over insults to pass unnoticed, and it would the command of French officers and sailors There is a beautiful seem that the people of Wyoming could do aboard the Arethuse. Mrs. Cleophas has the vast, domain. island covered with cottonwopd trees and no better than to sustain and support Mrs. been actively .engaged in hospital work, luxuriant grass; ail this is surrounded by Cleophas in her undertakings, and help her having been a member of the society called ' to promote the welfare of the state and Les Dames du Galvaire, a private order mountains, a gigantic belt of stone. county where she lives. It is her aim to founded by a rich widow, and with only Within her home every tiling js elegantly elevate and tuirifv the" atraosnhere and widows Jn the order, tneir work being She hat a and artistically arranged. social status of the place where she lives, much the same as that of the Sisters of looks, contained and if library, of upwards doing good she inspires theVsimity within a carved oak case, which has .been of thoseby who seek to retard' the growth of wherein only cancer cases are leceived; and in the family de Horn since the time of .1. . i . nr '.C t ,. i i 01r i. .. hi it.i u auu a ne 01t sa u nosn lai in s uie uie amia suueriusrs seiuemem uier; piace. of the Louis IV. and was the piopertj who have never met her continue to woman, with the character of an angel, has a Mrs. Cleophas b very people 'great, Button. make her life among them a continual warsought to alleviate the painful suffering of extensive a very woman, conducting busy fare, then it is high time, that the good ;nany who were stricken down with an inentire to 'the and attending correspondence citizens arouse themselves and come to her curable disease. g t 'care of the .household without otherwise there will be a. blot upon the will not permit me to relate half aid, Space in France, for several papers published of the citizens who are swoin to that could be said of the good deeds pera as is well known literary wo- reputation where, she woman. honor the rights of women. ,Good, true formed by this man, writing under the now dc plume women are needed in I am personally acquainted with Mrs. every community and "Michel Andre," and sending out her area blessing wherever found, and Mrs. Cleophas and know her to be all that. a true words of cheer to many here in America. woman can be. Cleophas is truth itself, a: progressive woShe is. first of all concerned in the happiand a chaste and noble ness of her husband and her home, con- man, man of her character, before whom every true else whateverthat fident would do homage. IN MEMORIAM. time and herself she has to give belongs to Mrs. Eugenie Cleophas is 42 years old. AMELIA READ' BAILEY. humanity, to the service of her fellowmen Her and women, and in the fulfillment of. the Her carriage is stately, yet gracious. Ame'ia Rad Bailey, the daughter of William best service she can give, her life is spent. manners are a combination of extreme without a and Sarah Read, was bora at North Crawlen, Among the opportunities coming- to her dignity and exceeding meekness, Buckingshire, England, October 2. 1813. She She was in her new home was the possibility of trace of self consciousness or egotism. married to Henry Bailey June 20, 1833 "and herof rare the died-at faculty adapting Ocden, Utah. September 10, 1S06. opening a postofiice at her home, thereby possesses She was the mother of ten children, five girls Heretofore she self to all classes of jeople, and hence benefiting the community. had" fortv-twinH hnvs - - ' oprandchildreri and makes many friends and retains their affecj had experienced much trouble with the four grandchildren. great Piling high above her forehead is a mail services or iacilities of her tion. Sister Bailey became a member of the Church Saints, among the isolated residence' and a 16 mile drive each waving mass ot sott, silken wnue nair. of Jest's Christ of Latter-dasl"afterthe-rtrrk-wcotnmenced jli England, week to reach the postoffiee seemed tin- - which brings out the beauty ot her danr as ana isomer ratner and uaney, incy were the tenderness their he blue could reflecting a eyes, postofiice nouse to me necessary,' providing familiarly known, kept an open has Her within. soul A' Mrs. beautiful complexion nearer. established year ago Elders from 1840 until" 1877. at which timethey ner s a and refreshness natural of nd the girl a gathered with the Saints in Zion, and after havpostoffiee Cleophas applied for She ideal ing resided in sev ral parts of Utah finally settled picture. ceived a most courteous reply from the smiling lips complete an beneficial influence upon all in Ogden as their future home. government officials at Washington, I). C, exercises a The funeral services over the remains of She is she comes in contact. they understanding the applicant to be a with .whom Grandma Bailey were held in the Second ward of woman a an musician, and attainment accomplished woman of large great meeting house under the direction of Bishop and The sneakers were Elder magnetic person Rnhprt McOuarrie. earnestness ot purpose, ana recugnmng beautiful character with" Thomas Hull of Salt Lake City, and Elders her executive- ability, appointed her. as ality. She is prominently identified Charles Welch and Joseph Hall. Bishop assistant to H. V. Cleophas, who was many societies, "and is adored by many offering closing remarks. All spoke United the. over all and France in earnestly and energetically of the character and appointed postmaster, the office to be named people troubles her All life of Sister Bailey, who died as she had always States. present through Cleo, which is'an abbreviation of Cleophas. and itself lived, a devoted wife, a fond ar.d loving mother Just to show the- indomitable will and her womanly modesty asserted to the "inSaint. and a true Latter-da- y not would she her show tc publicity and give Mrs. of Cleophas, courage A large crowd of people assembled to pay she true Worth as a noble woman, I will speak famous treatment she has received, their last tribute of respect to their departed sisherself than for rather she bring that time peace of cue of her trials. At the. sought ter, and after the impressive ceremonies a large her last at But before the public gaze. cortege followed the remains toils last resting applied for the postoihee, tne postmasier ai of the just. know of 'her' trials' must rally place, to await the resurrection Big Piney, where she had been accustomed friends who COM. a when withouJL assistance to delay, a. her to send, tor ner weemy man and a RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. . for reasons not known, waged war man; who calls himself a patriot of woman a with disrespect against her, sending letters to Washington, soldier, treats Rosina Marion Carter Dubois, the beloved which before every Cross Red the Society, officials calling there; I). C, to pDstoffice wife of Leo G.Dubois anddaughter of Wm.F. and the of in great kneels recognition Elizabeth How?rd Carter, born in Santaquin, her "stupid and ignorant," said that "the soldier that needaged 27 years work performed by them, it is time June 10, 1870, died July 9, 1897, . efficient postoffiee would not pay and was not and beloved a was it. She of help to 29 days. ed,' 'and that she lacked ability to run it. " the public at large are informed her who by ' widowed always kept mother, not wage her this until she birth All this and more was said by the man who Brave men and true soldiers do her departed side Jrom must seem her life. had never met Mrs. Cleophas, and owing war against women, and it all her She was born and raised in the Church and died to his interference,- r.ot withstanding the strange to our sister,, accustomed Saint, a faithful Latter-dalife to the' society of true men and women, as she had lived, fact that Mr. Cleophas was appointed postearth not thi nrinrmtrh many upon days were ner K for in doinc all n nniv insnltpf material 5 all wife and a As A, master in August arid received daughter those of condition the and would nro ve m no to we and r rverin " kind, and everything to open the office with on note ol instance One her to her. aged mother Mother you rest worthy often say the 3rd day of Octoberr the Cleo postoffiee around the assertion and let me work." . was not opened for business until the 7th which will, I think, prove member in theRehef Socifaithful a was She in herein made relative to her prominence in attending to her day of February. During many months she ety and was always punctual while occured Cross Red was the Mrs.. sudden, being sick Society, duties. Her departure and up to tKe present time Mr. and. of to returned of professor: was filling the position but a"few days, when her pure ' spirit Cleophas have been sorely, tried and perseThe the Father who aejt. in 1889. cuted beyond endurarice,; until atiast Mrs. languages at Philadelphia placed henvel j - -- ! special-invitatio- n ! - s v . of-30- j 1 1' 1 1 1 help,-writin- . true-hearte- d -- self-relia- nt -- - - . Cftwva fn.--( o f . v as , - Mc-Quarr- ie . - - . ai.-su- uio-tauc- e, J - y . 1 w lZ.ZL : A 