WOMAN'S ' I g i s a t u r e. 1 Thj: i 1 1 v Yn c tv V tt- - n -- t i: VI' pay ;u .tnh Senator in any state has. made her elod. without any. calamity befall-iusc women were elected; in fact so far is' we ;oe aware the women were quite in eommiiu es, j,;etic and as other ways, "as mui aii'l n liMiuv-Hi iiuuiu men in leie.enee wUa work clone, was no doubt in bet',." a 'tual the h"st measures proposed accord-jhalf .to their conscientious views. If it was :u experiment,"" which in a certain sense it It was", no one" can siy it was a failure. sec::;-- as if it would be wrong to eritieb.e the fut elfoits. in this direction; undoubtedly tiiv- lady members have done what they euiiM, and would like to have accomplished vltv much more.- It seems rather favorable woman question, that among, the V) the senators who drew lor the lone: e and"rhort term" of ofliee,' the- one woman ' should have been among the fortunate ones f the long term. Of this., session of the Legislature, the writer would wish to knows he excused from commenting, as only what the newspapers have said, except in coiiilictb'g reports" of those who "construed all Democratic measures, according la their own ideas of Democracy. ybr.i ::s Mis. Helen LV Young, t ej been exponents I W.-;::rt!- nvvi-- and its inlluences, even . for r brced u ;U e C far-seein- g, !',-i- M ' n . ; - 'hi-e- . . - MRS. M. C. WOODS SPKKCII.- - AT TIIi: DT.S MOINICS CONVENTION Wkli.s spoke for Utah and Bradford for Colorado, after' which Woods of Wallace, Idaho, daughter of Wells, voiced the folio ing eloquent As a greeting of Idaho to the Convention. of pen picture thatMnteresiing country it is lui. Woman's 7) ihutn incoinp irable: h ..Mks. her v. IC. 1L Mrs. Mrs. Mr.v - t 1 i .... ... .,,,1Wii oil. m-.-- ! 1 ... .1. . bry'f every well appointed . l.'ic (.11 " e . b-a- o' ( t . two-thir- -- - 1 . - ( 1 ' . - IN .XiK.MoRIAM. tr.nl cut throiii'i) the b.mks of snow " the mountain chain Winds up and o-To w here the i:ies cf Id.dio ' representing Idaho, first I wish to ex-- ' the heaitfelt gratitude of evcry"equal prts suiTijit .j;Cjur proud and happy State t'rthrXational American Woman Suffrage ;, j j I .1 II LlVm fLrrenf VYiLll Iowa's vd!niit frnnn, fii c'vj1 war.) the work 6f. these clubs and others gani,ed later Mrs. I3radfbrd and Mrs. Johns under theby 1. i 3l btate ':" guidancs of the iULIUUai with Mrs. att ie and Mrs. Assoc'n., next, Whitman at: its head and our iC otWi and most untiring, tate 'achentr secretaryMrs' M.C. oAthey,we, Ule results we commemorate toiiifrH'1' Without being iuvidious', I wish to 'self-sacrificin- g -- iSi - j j - ! ! . 1 . . 1 1 1 j j of J ' . J j clubs in alihost every inIdaho, a State whose V nr d'Alene." ; towns, isolated .from the railroad Kt i j ! "i June, 195, and traveling southward through the State often taking wearisome SiasT rides over dangerous mountain roads L C-- ! -- 1(1. . j i - 1 I.l'OV Wr.l.Il WAOSTAfO j - square miles, almost double ,ul of New York' and 28,7.75 square.: miles peater "than your beautiful State of Iowa, whieh I claim a share, for my husband K long-andJiner- for the most generous helj) atiordetl us in our two yepjus' campaign. Without the aid of the devoted women, Mrs. 'DeVoe, Mrs," Catt, Mrs.' Bradford and Mrs.Johns, who made the, arduous journey across the coutineuUto organize our clubs, plead tlie cause and teach us ho .v to Work and 'win, we would not be celebrating Idaho's victory tonight.. IeVoe, wdiom the National selected to blaze the trail, came to us in the North line to organize town ofiinportance area is SIsTl Once more we are called upon coni the death of one of our nuiuhci, .Sifter l.tiry Wchl dter Wast.Uf.uho departed tltis lilt' Feb, ' , Th.it part of Idaho called Cteur d'Alene, a illness. and in which is my. home, comprises the i Sister Wagstall was born Fcl) ., 1S20 at'Tcteth," two northernmost counties, Shoshone and Cambridgeshire, Lnlaivd, was baptized 10.J9 and emigrated to Ut h in IS62( crossed the j)lains with Kootenai. It is a nest of .mountains with ox teams and suffered 'many hardships incident beautiful lakes nestling among them and .to settling a new country". She was the mother streams of water coursing through every of nino children, six sous and three, daughters all tower .the suoW clad living except the eldest son who died soon after gulch, except the family came to American fork. peaks above the timber liuethe mountains She was a, faithful teacher in the Relief Society are covered with a dense growth of different, of American Fork always prompt in the per- varieties of .pine, larch, hemlock and cedar, formance of her dudes, going around her district . a t .. 1. .1 in all kinds. of weather, gentle and kind, friend umuer micresi 01r iuano anu tne is 1101 one f and peacemaker, beloved of her friends and of the least' of her resources. .One of the neighbors and universally respected by all who Dos Moines papers, characterized the four knewjie.r; lier hand was ever ready and her heart willing to help those who were within her enfranchised States as the' 'wildest and wool-iestr '; '' ;. the west. We are proud that our four j. reach. the Lord comfort bereaved the husband May equal suffrage States are joined together and the sorrowing children in their' hour of and united by the ties of the grand old aiilictiori, and give peace to their aching hearts and give them to realize a hope of a reunion beRockies, and we will stand as a great, bul wark of strength" to the States around us, yond the vail, where there. will be no more partStand - u ml upon the .Association to "reach, saloon". teeing on the. .orchards r " hd' .c:nfoTt: if ": e mum's As are . the hmct - m.' The missionary sulfrage work in such, d tne outh;dier suo-vplaces was obliged to be quietly, consumbo.v.m riiug-to.themated without any .apparent" advocacy on elouds, bi .au rcU -- :ri;ne in her beauty of the part of men who Were in reality ardent' t, lake and .piit:i6ul forest, izuauhue saloon eK-- ' in ier veidure clad mountains vast treasures supporters)!" "our cause, lest-thof precious' mineral's, the hem of .lief' v,.V ment should organise and by concerted action, crush the movement ar, they did" in ei:ibrjVim-- in sapphire and 'opals. IIin no overdrawn picture, friends;. the State of Washington in 1SS9.' And California, too, owes her defeat of the u our northern line we touch elbows with amendment, at least, p irtially to this cause. IiriUsh Columbia; .in the southern pait Vet you may go far to find nobler men o! the State are line apphire mines, while than we have in Idaho, and our cause did one (f our r counties Latah) produces not lack able champions. Our amendment tne iuo-- beautiiul o;aK on the conlmcnt. majority and the output of silver and lead in'. Sim." carried by more, than a of for cast and' votes the against, it., the shone C(;uutv. ah. ior is.;0 was ;'.""?" s. largestjinajority any State has ever given ti'n; mis, too. in a where, for livr an amendment. .And it' is an evidence of of the laree mines have years past my j , t the of men to women voters that ueen cioseu down, awaitln: the settlement in chivalry now in session, Mrs. pur O tl! wage question, but if there are any Rebecca Mitchell was elected by acclamagold bugs .present they need not .wo'rvv over our immense silver and lead prodttt- - tion to the. position of Chaplain: of the We think th:s House of tions, because Idaho " is a large gokl is the first, woman to hold such a .'position producer and vv'njle no oll'icia!" record is yet in the United States. to be had' it is estimated her production of outWe women of Idaho know that gold I sip w.il ije about 12, oex.,poo, so you side our own State ..watch witheyes intense see we' are helping to keep up the", zold interest the effect of this added suffrage, on standard right royally although- we are the body politic, and that it will add to allell or detract fro::;- the work elsewhere as we. HutJdahTis not alone a mining State. our .duties as citizens well or ill. It we lack in comparison with the middle perform we sjiall "make mistakes, but States in area of cultivated soil, we have Naturally (iod has endowed women .with our compehsation-iThe fortunately productiveness.quick perception and strong intuition and it great' fields of the Palou-- e and Putlach will not take us long, I'll warrant, to 'profit countries and other lands tributary "to the the mistakes made. With good men as Clearwater and Snake rivers, yield annually by for much, fear little, and teachers we thirty-fivbushels to the acre, this, too, look forwardhope' with enthusiasm to. the without rotation of eropsraud the apples, pea is millenium of honest politics...and. prunes 'of Idaho are considered the " finest in the United States. ,N0Uii, 4ier ieit. ver-Mate- - temperate, lvu wifin c :i if th'dDJghyth'loldrr ;i 'frtMii j . "altitude and higher in attitude. fancy few of you know much of : liigher-i- I n ' tne conditions existing 111 the minimr country, dotted .here and there with mining tamos in every' gulch,', or canyon, ast you would say, the preponderance of male over the women of maturity; , the and- he cos- power of the saloon eminent, men of the -people r monnlitnn character from all parts oi tiie wonu, ignoruat. anu fame. seeking cultured, refined and depraved . ... . t and fortune in the lar u est no reauing no 110 spelling no lyceums, lectures, rooms, the relaxation of the jbee1 or farm hand; single men '.away .froift-- home -- I tne-adul- ing. work is done, she has gone to her rest and may we who mouin her departure emulate her good deeds and prepare ourselves for a joy ful reunion on the other shore. f Ier Ellen Emm. Jane D. Clarke, Featherstone, V Committee. J in behalf of the Ivelief Society. C. Hindley, - R. S. REPORTS. .- , corn-huskin- g, r T i --- i .1 ! . - Minutes SALT LAKE STAKI-- . of the .quarterly conference of tlie Salt Lake Stake Relief Society held in the Fourteenth ward Assembly Hall.March " 