t WOMAN'S (l7. e "1) fmi on - cucoo n andr ;.),il "andwe tilWl'IC earnest and cnercetic 1) 1 . . KXPONKNT st.c.vkt: 1 143 - r- themselves with her cause C js-- willful! 'S iiess made her very unhappy. Hearing of have other 'r ki:.F at Tin: 1IL l;,luu"b silk we mighf si:i 107. his sickness she sent her own. "physician to ;c;, in the manufacturing, it would require him and prevailed upon him to return to Sc( jit.AM) was kTure-he- r with its rom-jutience and perseverance, and we- could One week later the house he. qnarrehng, contentions, factions, and Edinburgh. nut e xpect too much at first. The speaker though she strive with all her wonytnly hnlged in was blown up with .powder and I'fKuie a strong appeal to the sisters to "light, what would it weigh against ambi. his lifeless body was found near by. His kdVOY to encourage home literature as death was uot so great a surprise as the turn and party strife. She landed at ' Leith' well 'as other home products. mystery which surrounded it. Both well 56 1, her subjects' receiving her with dem- G mference adjourned until next October. onstrations of joy.- She determined to tie.'U was accused of the crime with Mary as. an Siiuiutf " O my Father;" benediction the Kt formers with kindness and .consider-- - accomplice.. .Historians are divided on the B Wells. question, but' Miss Benger who is a lajv' ation with the hope, of K. H. Wki.i.s, Secretary. gaining their confi- - writer ancj authority says the last fifty deuce. But m their leader, John Knox, years has cleared much that was doubtful, she met with strong He was a and opinion. IN MKMORIAM. gives stronger arguments in favor .of man of great courage and strength of mind, her innocence than can be. found against it. and the object of his life was KL1ZAHKTH JENKINS tooyerturn' the power. of the Pope in Scotland. He de- - "Of no character in history," she continues " is there so much that is Contradictory." At a recent meeting of the Relief Society of uounceel against the 'mass that was per-Fourth ward t e following 'references 'to the t! rn'rjd in her own chajK.1, and the extrava-ganc- e Manvissire, ambassador U'tween Scotland iV and wotk of Sister Klizabeth Jenkins ITcece and England at this time writes of his .. . ..... .vf . ...:.... the of as sinful licwailin'g" couit,. ut wiTt i.'iiinru mi tin- - h,tu)ui wi ii. iiic icty: lief 111 herJiiiiocenct--, nlthongkiic was imu 11Z l .1. f llieir ofi"icr was i recce oorn in Nter r.nzaoewi jcukips dancing ;nul pastimes? Ve have in her lite in-- , to her. and with Hert fordshire, England, June..l4. .The subject of her marriage was a vexed partial numerable instances of her kindness of "jut parents gathered with the Saints at N uvou one. It. was. Knox it that was by urged She was baptized into the Church a ten in heart, of her loving disposition, of her gen- the duty of the states to give her a husPreece-awas and of married to John age, years tleness and forlearance towards those who band,' that she had no Tight to impose one differed in N.uivoo in 1845., She came to Utah with her with her. Such a eked in 1S4S, and from that time until her death on them. The. Papists wished her to is worthy-onl- opinion of a Mary of Knglaud, or a was a resident of the Fourth Ward. a Catholic. Reformers The marry spoke 'Catharine D. Medicis. Bothwell was sum- Few women have been, more active than was against one. Elizabeth feared a foreign moned to Sister I'reece in carrying on the work God ives apjKar with others for trial, but contract and presented her favorite the Karl was woir.cn to do, and her Christian life, filled with acquitted,. sin slices and benefactions to the sick and needy, of Liecestu. For three years this .formed, He now determined to marry the'queen, fi),i well serve as a model for those who seek to the subject of a correspondence between the in at the end of earth's bors the Master's ap-- " two resolved to and to this end gained the consent and' Mary finally queens. faith-tu- t clone Well thou and word. good Proving of his nobles, carried Mary to marry her cousin, Lord Darnley, a man of signatures servant, enter thou into the joys of thy Lord." ' Fur many years Sister Preece as president, fine personal appearance, some three years his Castle at Dunbar where she remained, tii'rec Ted the labors of this Relief days, and whether prompted Society, and her junior. To this Kli.abeth objected, or worn and disheartened by the cares through her untiring energy and gentle charity showing her hatred by confining his mother, arouud m rh good was dont for humanity. her, she consented to the marriage the Lady Leunijx, in the tower and lecall-itjWe are comforted for her loss in the conscious which was performed quietly a few days ness th.it for over half a century she lived in iht Darnley and his father from Scotland. ... J t Xi. U ecu ner as. a. fall laith of the Gospel, and that she took her deBut in spite of all eppositiou Darnley and lultV priner,: "tmels tood at her chamber door. No parture in the certain hone of a glorious it is was Marv married said were there and b'to hcr ut his permission, a,me uevJr a more handsome .couple! She was 1' Sarah Arthur, most Shewas wretched; every day she was in her twenty-fourtyear and never more Mart A. Wf.ilh-kn to and bewail her unhappy lot. weep Committee. beautiful Darnleywas of a grasping self-- i ish disposition, and it soon became appar- - i vji xjvtiiv(.ii ant tuiti wuiieu no letllLg RESOLUTIONS OF KF.SIT'CT. 4hiM to. gain U"" UU"UU1 clu To our beloved Sister SigeTreharne Jones, who UJI!'VW. U1W"-- lw possession. of the young de- piince, but was him than the queen. Dissatistacttou arose departed this life March "y, after suifering for ' feated by the uprising of Mary some time at intervals with severe spells of sick he grew envious 01 me con between them, and 'Bothwell the met nobles ' at fie.ss. Carberry" ,. ... fidence she reposed in her secretary, David but SKter Jones was bom at Ridively, the soldiers to hill, refusing fight under Rezzio.aud planned with others his assassinaSouth Wales, on the 27th day of Botlrwell, she placed herself under their and. became a meipber of this tion,' Which was accomplished, dragging on the assurance that Bothwell Church in 1848, and in company with her parents, him irom the. presence of the "queen and protection, leave the field in safety." He sailed Wi!'! im and Ann Treharne, emigrated to Utah in vowed to be avenged on should ladies. her Mary for Denniark and in a few years died in- 1S49. crossing the ocean in Captain Dan Jones' her with but his forgiving murderers, gentle, Bluffs with She remained in Council saue. Thus ended .the 'marriage of one her about three years and arrived in Salt disposition it was impossible for her month. .LakeCnyin 1S52 In that saijje year she was malice; and listening to her husband s perShe now found herself a captive, and married to Thomas Jones and for a few months suasions none of the' conspirators' were resided in Spanish In of 1S53 the spring ork more, was requested by the nobles to abdi-- j ever brought to justice. she 'moved to Cedar City. In the year 1S62 Sis V born to her to cite the throne in'favor of her son, during-- ' In July, 1566 a tef Jones was left a widow with five sons and one ' whom was given the nanie of James. She vvhose minority her brother Murray Was to daughter. be there .was" no alternaHer only daughter and one son have died withr hoped this auspicious event would tend to tiveregent. Feeling ni the last two will father their with with she complied their demands. It years. They unite the different parties. Her days were gladly .welcome home their loved one who has enthat seenis strange among all those who With all the full of anxiety and care. sured faithfully to the end. had her enjoyed prosperity there were none Sister Jones has' Heen connected with' the Retitles and,, honor she 'had bestowed to .in'' this trying hour. her cause lief Six For espouse he was still dissatisfied and desired iety ever since its first organization. For one year she remained in captivity, Pt riod of twenty-twyears she has successively to have conferred upon himself the crown fillr-he honorable position of Counselor, Presi-d-jthen made her escape, collected an army of in case of her death at her demise was first Counselor to our Matrimonial which only to be defeated. She hasti-l- y Stake President, Sister Mary Ann Lunt. Sister would leave him king of Scotland. With 6, 000 men From fled to throw Jones though quite sick at the time, attended our his arrogant pride and contempt of all relast ; Society Conference on the 12th of February, straint she could not feel to give him this.' herself on the kindness of Elizabeth, but and bore this of truth to the apowerful testimonyHelretaliatedby leaving Jirjociety and on entering England found herself a work. feLfeelI "Whf.reas, We feel that by her dea'h we hae seeking "that of dissolute companions. much for sorrow herbut requested her to bt n deprived of a true and sincere friend and Mary had made her brother, the Karl of u isM Counselor. from clear name her all complicity in the : He was a devoted A minister her Murray, K murder of Darnley. Mary answered in: her esolve'd,- That we desire to emulate her. Reformer and as such strongly opposed her noble our we herewith, express examp'e, and that with Darnley. - He now incited own right she was a queen and Elizabeth's .dtop sympathy for her children and grand marriage and denied their authority to sum-- ' v . ..." her nobles to rebellion, leaving her with equal, Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions be but a small party. James. Karl of Both- - mon her to trial. For eighteen years she Placed on the records of our Society, and one remained in England a captive. Many well was one who remained iaitnlul to ner sent to the Woman's for publication. times she was to Exponent, but trial, brought nothing interests; sire, made him minister in place '.: ..:.'.; Mary A. Dover, for but the her, to proved against safety of England. of Murray, who had escaped Mary J. Corbett the Protestant party and Elizabeth's jpeace 116 reliance upon. MacKeltrancT;-Daridey she could place of mind, was kept a prisoner. LomTiuee. Finally a He seemed suspicious of all who allied -- H hr.-'- " r- - " -- h ' . . , 1 by-'skcr.- . j rm-IXF.- . ! , A ! 10 ! . 1 i- T . 1 j . 1 1 j . t hus-h.ir.- d y , : I . for-te- ' by-fea- r g 1 1 j resur-rtciiu- 4 . u. " - , j h' ' & - i ' I the-people- ' ' . . . j .;. Carmar-ther.shir- e, Nov-emt- 183-2- j T, i , I I . cum-uny- . to-hol- pa-rent- j son-wa- s ' , . upon-Dainley -'. " " o nt Scotland,-determine- . . j .. hild-re- n. . .." ; . " " ""t;':"17"JaneP. (dar City, April 9th. : , 