Ilamh of' the - The .Ballot in the n -- . CONTENTS: A jh'a The Queen's Thanks to lb r Peo le. in Colorado Dr. Elvira S. Barmy ney's'I "ravels Julia S. Woolley, Sec. Program of V, H. I'- - S. Worn nr's Congress. 'Refldcdons of a" Plunetr Notes and News. ReVef Socigion's Convert Memonani. - lJ Notes. Late '.. 'N' - . A N-ll:e- , a tJ el as W 1: ' ... ' I. " . . hate - glorious light 'vit'e fl :od on spire and Held ar.d.waw. It found a flowing way Tosecrtt places wheie tne ded leaver liy: It won the half-histream To shy remembrance of her morning g'e.im; Then on the sky's sharp shore RVled back, a lading tide, and was ro snore, No more oc spire and iviid window bright No more on field and wave ! j 1 sponta-!ious"m.iniiestati- d N ! "I have frequently expressed my personal feelings to my people, .and though on remains, what nda remains but night t Sighthopciesi, since the moon is in her grave.'- - this memorable occasion there have been many official expressions of my .deep sense of the itnbotnrrtrd loyalty evinced, I cannot II. . . . . .. , rttrttrttt icrwmttjr giTixij Dumb waits ihe dim, broad hnd, fitterar.ee to these sentiments. 'Like one who bears, yet cannot unde'rstan V "It is dilli .ult for me on this occasion to Ti lings of grief to come. toucnea ana graiyiui.i am say now Thiwouds and waters, with the wind;, are .dumb. for the truly spontaneous outburst of loyal attachBut now a breeze has found ment and real affection which I have experS3rro.vful voice, and sobs along the ground: ienced on the completion of the Sixtieth 'Oh the lost light, the last,, lost lig'it year of. my Reign. No more on field and wave !" "During my progress through London this eie.it enthusiasm was on Tune What now remainszi'hat now k wains tut night shown in 22. the most trts,i"tf manner, and Night hopeless, since the moon is in her, grave; can never le effaced from my heart. III. "It is indeed deeply gratifying, after so Hark, how the wind outswells, many years of labor and anxiety for the Tempting the woods dark heart till he rebels, good of my beloved country, to find that been appreciated have And shaking his black hair, my exertions Lifts up a cry of throughout my vast Empire. passion and despair In weal and woe I have ever had the The groaning branches chafe Till scarce the are safe true sympathy of all my people, which has small, hushed singing-bird- s been warmly reciprocated by intself. Tossed rocking in the nest, Like gentle memories in a "It has given me unbounded pleasure lo stormy breast. A see so many of, my subjects from all 'parts' shudder, as good angels passed in flight, of the world assembled here, and to find Trills over field and wave ! them joining in the acclamations of loyal Whai voiij remains xvhai now remains but nightt devotion to myself, and I would wish to ihtj:opeless, since the moon is in her grave, thank them all from the depth of my grate- 10 1 : sritr-Trt--tt . 1 f . . . 1 1 . ! th-b- est ! IV' , - There fa'ls a mighty hush: rush,.;.far recesses Faint. as a waft from years , Long pas; they touch in heaven the springs ' . And fprth from tears. " r fern-scen- ts ...... 4n l Ui 1 Englishwoman's Review. . . . . . j I." - Not only are women taking an increasr matters, ingly active interest in municipal but their activity is almost all in favor of . better conditions and greater cleanliness, a., s. b. TiteraLand meiap.horicaL-.i;, behold;! tlie rain is over: on the wave . 'YlCTORIiV7R. -- fthal vow remains what now remains but night,? WgM grieving; white the moon is in her. gravel . "I shall ever pray God to bless them ana-j to enable me still to. discharge mv duties for their welfare as long as life lasts. f in rreat droDS slow and warm. Breaks all at orce the spirit of the storm. tiportii- -i . 1 11 1 y -- 1 1 1 fore-nooi- fl xcctt- - I sjme of the cutuing events, and in viewing of the large fields of 160 to ;,:o acres now being harvested, mostly of oatianH wheat six and eight feet high, yielding from to forty bushels per acre. This twenty-livI valley .visited two years ago, and" the re- suit of that visit "has brought a vciy happy-- j fying reflection, even to tlie probability of others of my kindred immigrating. August 7, ielt in company with my- - brother and after traveling thirty miles to Monte Vista, Rio Grande Co., staid ver night .'with my nephew, B. V. StevensX. Then alter a long day's travel over a very stony ridge of about thirty miles, arrived at Richmond, "having passed Lajara (pronounced Lahara, a small town situated on the railroad) 'here we were kindly entertained over night by Bishop Coombs. - The rough road necessitated our having a couple of shoes put on our horse i i lie ii auer wiiica iue Disnop u!.u mmseii. traveling six miles 'further arrived at Man- assa, stopping at Presulent .Alma R.Smith's V. (son of Silas)' found Apostle John Taylor seated in council with a compaay of Elders who were reporting their visits and receiving additional daily appointments; he took me by the arm and introduced me to them as one of the best sisters in the Church. T felt a little, out of place with the prefix, but like many other agreeable things it was easily passed by, but this was supplemented with a note signed by John W. Taylor after'arriviug' at Sister Haskell's while eating dinner, that he- wanted me to "meet promptly at 5:30 that day, Monday 9, as he I replied all wanted to give me a mission. right, and at the stated time I was seated with six other sisters of the place, and Elders, we received our appointments and went to work. Having lost my notes I shall have to depend upon my memory as to dates and other matters. Tues. 10, the Bishop gave a dinner to the visiting sisters and Elders. Wednesday eve. 9th a company of carriages drove six. miles View to a school house that to Mountain . , ! ,1 stood as a lone sentinel on me surrounuing , plain. We were about the first to arrive, at ratLer a late hour the house was filled with all grades from grandfather to babe. The speakers were in the following order: Brothers Graham and Mann, myself, Sister. We then Haskell and John W. Taylor. returned to Mauassa at 12, midnight. Thursday 1.2, did some visiting as. per ap- poincment. Then we, including seven car riages full, drove 20 nines to East Dale. Held a meeting- in the evening, perfect e -. x 1 - ... - ; J v V, d-- Her Majesty addressed to her people all over the world, through the medium of the Honu Secretary, the following expres-sion-o- f personal 'gratitude. for the of loyalty and affection ? marked her progress on June 22, and which have come to her from all parts of the world 011 this great occasion: In one s tlie miny unwritten chapters of our lives at. ar.ticij.ation I en me a : pied in considering: THL QUEEN'S, THANKS TO HER WiHT now remains, what row remains butnightf Night h peless, since the moon is i:i her grave ! N nLjht. The few following days werj fully I SELECTED. 1 est u-av- Hi:u:n Grav Conk. -12. - ' - 1- s , ca y J n ( ic left S.ilt Lake City in company with my brcther, Carlos Stevens, and nephew, Walter C. Howell, we arrived Thursday 29 at Hooper, Colorado, alter ridinj; five and a lfalf miles by team, came to the residence of tjie family of Mrs. Uruvft:, my nieee, after, a happy greeting retired to-ifor the hy struggle won. ' 1 I DR. BARNEY'S TRAVKLS IN COLORADO. . the wet woods wrecked aUe lu.ut'crably tenda smile! I)!ace So NoS. 1897, Xahght no:" rewrins, naught no:,f remains but nigh- tNihtpeec t'Ht, :. ith the moon on field and . NOCTURNE OF' RURlNS EIN. XOVKMBKR There is n) calm like that when storm is done; There is n:i pleasure keui ns xm release; Thtre is no j y that lies so dcc; as peace, Y The fetter the ',. Home, the State ai:d the Ndi'o n. to Tou-e- Ihishing ' Lo, she arises cairn. pile, the pjtient moon, and pours like bahn Htr oui Nocturne to Rubinstein Helen K'nds of People Ella Wheeler .Two Gray Cone. '.Wilcox. Birthday Anniversary A '" 'I hrM- -ii . .. R. S. Reports. In J H .Alien. T'liit. Elrrlifm .... iriil . PoKTiiY: : E. B. Wells. He f n,. rrrenaiai ..i.l I., rnuuence km i.owry ' rutT.iiMAi.: l Ul...-"- . ' t SALT LAKH CITY,. UTAH, Vol. 26. ety Conference . rih-h,,n- ct' " 