'i : officers meetings, and. encouraged the sisters to attend officers meetings. the- sis- Apostle Smith felt to encourage ters.in relief work, .'urging them: to .'help those who stand in need as far .as possible, , , Mnrritnn O T,' L rrtrorted the l - felt that the Pres't 'Zina I). II. Young ot Spirit of the Lord here- was a portion the;same spirit ..that is in thc Temple. vf t firiviliMn of blessinir and ajiointing the sick ; thosesisters having Prels'tMadscu uf Ml.. .Pleasant said i; ueoole in the ward gauienngs but. tl.o- If Mr that remairrat home are thtrl()sefs. of a '.taste the g people could only get more. things they would, want Counselor Benedicta Hansen of Hphr have iu'tfie their received Temple blessings a responsi-.bland thought the storing. of grain the Lord is multiplying North ward and Lana Anderson, Cauiii' r. that and' the privilege; gave sisters, iixn duty resting " The Temple is the piace of Hphraim South ward, reported theva:ds His blessing. sisters. to the instructions many good '. blessed and held in in a good condition. The Relief. Society Conference was f wherein you will be Salt Lake of Sister Annie Taylor Hyde a portion 'of or a is " It foretaste, to Praise safety. brought to a close by singing and said if we would desire a .double blessing meet can we when together Heaven tie. Win benediction byBishop the Man we should attend our meetings., This Sfu i .. ni, J. .Bennett, Preset. enjoy the spirit and each others society." by the Prophet ; we aie Sister' K.. B. Wells said 'J the .Relief ety w as organized K.'S. Brunt, Sec'y. well as blessing, and it c!M;,.tv. ic snrh a blessinir to us. it has being, blessed as us: it has makes us better Saints. r.i.'.vitc ituI Hl!ir.-ifi,,.itfi SANl'KTK STAKIv. . Hyd, spoke m tongues the sisters closer together in sick- - . PreS t M. A. brought interpreted . Minutks of the Sanpete Stake .Relief ness, in death and in aH things.' Spoke and Pres t ina D; c auu eueouia-in 1896, umis it, giving oiessing nffMitli that we should exercise it for the Society held at Mt. Pleasant Ik4; l, Alvira L. Cox presidment to the sisters. Lonleience adjourned , at 2 p. m., Counselor sick; spoke upon the subject' of home indus Opened'--bsinging ; prayer by tries, we should keep everything at home ; for three month.' Singing "Karlh ';th ing. : Brother JCdward Cliff; singing " I knoy siikculture her ten thuusand flowers ;,J .benediction by. 1 that mv- Redeemer lives." CouuseIoTA. . the sis'ers, and of straw c work, also P re s tTCa u I e' e t ersen among of. L. Cox said notwithstanding the series . Maria WiLLAKUSuN, Stake Sec'y. hoiIlu imIllstrics. m g a ui. "a pi oi u t in e lltssh e t rust eti u m - we 7 Pres't. Canute" Peterson in . speaking of enjoy a full flow of the spirit. r the IN ..ilMOKIA.M. poor said, "can you benefit the poor VerbaL reports were given as follows rich for "'as' the m do unless equally you Pres't. M. A. Pranten, bpring uity y Lr-blessed to give than is more it for TrFi Ccmmlsgs;ELizAi;i:THdaughter 0i wealthy, Counselor Moroni ; Pres'f. Annie I lardy, Peter and Jam; Tullley vvas burn in Ched(-nhPres't. Olive to receive. None can tell the Wants of the Gloucestershire, Rebecca Tucker, Kairview Kngland, Jan. 8, 1S22 ; died in - better a good housewife. than, jieedy Ivlizabeth on Nov. 7, Ib0. L'tafi Thomp Salt Lake City Acord, Chester T'res't.' be a would silk the quite industry Thought She left a fond fatner and "mother, brother. son, Sterling ; Pres't. Matilda Olsen, Maymuch. t useful one sanctioned the idea very and sisters also many. tried friends to'ca.-- t her field. 'j in .bhe God. with of shouldthe 152 emigrated people leave, what Babylon Bishop Allred of Spring Litv thought Supposing was nKuritd toJ'v in Jsaac Haiht's company, is so thick as it among V. Cummmgs in' 1853, was the mother of. tuo. the sisters were .more religiously inclined would become of us, sisthe and Pelt us? appreciated grateful than the brethren ; they are a great help children, one son and one daughter. ' visit. ter's Surely she could say farewell all earthly honors, and have a 'noble calling. Said to refrain M benedicfor of Redeemer they were as dross compared with ln:r Israel;" Singing from attending meetings for any length of religion.- Late years from sickness she has Cliff. time is almost spiritual death; found that all tion by Edward able to attend meetings wlucn was ,t tri.'il. t. Pres a. session m., lTe.'ded stirring up at times, - and that io Morning bhe has tought the good tight,- kept the faith and " , O, gone to receive the reward winch her long years Singing encouragement as welPas a special meeting M. A. P. and sacrifice entitle her to, ami say what is tiu.h prayer Brother R. X, owithsuffering occasionally is a great help. ,. joy meet her husband and Iriends that have. Pres't. Helena Madsen represented the Allred::sung "How firm a foundation; "read- - preceded her. minutes. of the and be found worthy of the blessing sue mi Gunnison Relief Society. previous bhe approving ing May much desired 'in' our Father's KiuKdxjrn, tor it R. X. AUred bore testimony !n -lii M, A. P. the good eitect m meeting together, also pleasure in meeting the sisters again, said surely can be, said she died .the death 01 ihe righteous. to tlu greatness of the prophet Joseph. there.was danger in lethargy in attending M. A. Hardy, Pres't Canute Peterson spoke of the to our meetings, prayed that we might have many experiences in privations that the !the Spirit of the Lord here and have a time Saints passed through in early days in this of rejoicing. " 1 he Lord does not accept a RISOLU riONS OF RESPECT. of the of the divinity lukewarm person ; we should serve Him county. .Spoke, suffer To the memory of our beloved sister, Jane to had said "He undoubtedly Savior, with lull purpose of heart. He says Try Gardner who departed this life Dec. 20, Trelfall the most severe pain on earth, as He had me arid see if I will not pourjiutjv blessing '...Sister ,Ga.r dn e f w a s Ik rn at Lyt am, 996. to suffVr a portion of pain for every individas-upon you key to safety Brother,; Lancashire, England, July 5, 1S2S ; baplizedTXc. ual that was to come here. He trembled Joseph said ' If you will follow the majority 3, i84g.by Elder George i). vVatt, was a men;! er and sweat great drops of blood. If God you will be right.' " Pres't. 'Kliza Barthol- - f ot the Preston brat. eti .of the church of Jt.is Christ of Lattei-da- y .saints, emigrated from Engdealt with us as He did in ancient days it omewvof Fayette; Pres't. Ksther Amler-son, in Feb, 1S55, a"d was tnarned on board oi land would sometimes be very severe; but since' of Manti South ward Sister Abbie the ship biddous.jp Brother James Gardner; is different. of it Savior the crucifixion the Shoemaker, of Manti .North ward ;, Mary she crossed the plains in C piain IJaliantyne's 11s He found to with live down In coming Graham, of Milburn, represented, their company, and arrived in" Salt Lake City, Sepr-?855 ; came to American Fork Oct. 23 of the same how hard it was, He also learned obedience respective wards. year where she re.ided contantly until the day and is now our Mediator, and is pleading Zina-D- . H. Pres't. said of her death. she was ,. Young for vis continually 'or it would not be so easy has been a She member of the Relief Society with the exertions of the' 'sisters in He pleased houses to for us. We ought to appreciate Him. from its ition, and a faithful energtt:c in.-" The Prophet meet getting for to more than twenty years, liberal and teacher us than we can said the sisters little realized is and has been more the foundation in all her labors, and a trite,""humb!e, earnest realize. Are we following in His footsteps? were laying.11' Told of a meeting of Latter day Saint. Slie leaves they aJoyin; liusbainj Do we bear the little trials (which are our sisters in the Salt Lake Temple, Awhere with whom she lived peaceful liffiFappy'. in a the as did He ?" crowns) 'one. of the sisters in speaking said she took long married life also six children, two sons and ' " Praise God from whom all her troubles : to God laud tlien left them four daughters who mourn the loss of a kind, Singing molhery and a host of blessings flow;" benediction by Sister M. there thought the idea so beautiful that it patient who esteem her very highneighbors and friends ' F. C. Morrison. would be" well for us to do likewise. " We ly, and ;6 Evenings session, 7.30 , p. m. Opening should be prayerful and humble." Related Whereas, It has pleased our Heavenly Father from our midst our beloved sister and exereiseaiisual: CounseJorAnc LCox r aiFiiicidenf which 7 transpired "at thKirt- - totakeremove a higher sphere, therefore be it, to her made opening remarks ; felt that we were land' where the opposite power was Temple, That we consider it a just tribute to greatly blessed witlr the presence of the made manifest. Gave the origin of the book herResolved, memory to say that we sincerely regret ti e from the sisters " city. presiding Pearl of Great Price, " told experiences of removal of our sister, and we mourn her loss as a Counselor Abbie Shoemaker said "we the Saints of sixty years ago, to show how faithful and willing worker, and desire to Emulate her labors and devotion to the cause of truth, and, come together to be fed with'-- , the bread of. the Lord brings about circumstances. Resolved, ThatVe tender 6ur sympathy to the be humble and seek for wislife. Lct-u2.fThere could be chapters and whole books oereavea nusDand dom ; if we have the spirit of God with us written from the experiences of the Saints. " and we pray'ouf Heavenly Father to let the divine His. Holy Spirit rest upon thein, that we will not have malice in our hearts, but bister M. F; Morrison bore'testimoh v. influence of ' diey may realize that thoughiie has goue frorii will liae a sisterly love." .:' to yliat' had been. said. heir sight for a the resr ! j - ''.!-- AT . ; ; -- ' 1 j ; j e I i : : . ! ! " ., i " j j ' f- ' f - H.ouug j - y ; 1 : 1 , , - 1- 1 ! : j . - v - ; ! ; -- j 1 ; - nv.t-bee- Hyde-presiding- j i I j -T-Pr- : e't. Ilyd-prcd- t. 4 1 " a 1 . - . ; 5, 1 ; .. . -- ; first-organi- " as-paticut- ; self-sacrifici- . ; . . x . - ' s ' ' moment, yet shexenjoys n 