VVQMAN'S EXPONENT. was presthe ent and many other invited guests. Dr. Pratt 'read her valuable address in a most pleasing manner which we give in full in this issue of the paper. Mrs. Marincati recited prt-sldent.o- State-Federatio- f v K..oiitifn -M w j n Ml I'm Lrs'M n VI ill' o IXK'IIK Edith Rossiter also gave a re citati'; "aiid' Mrs. K. IUVells read a Thanksgiving' -- lory also to le found in. these columns. After the program dainty refreshments were served to all, including pumpkin pie and most deljcious coffee. General conversation' was indulged m and the evening passed in a delightful social visit. -- A I) DROSS. By flic PicsUad of the U. W . D r. Romania l Pratt " P"C . - aimmjar before you tonight with a deep sense of appreciation of the courtesy of the club" in electing me as president for thV enI suing ear. ' - - . In a strict sense the name of Press Club in our cbc is a misnomer, as so lew of us 'are regular or special correspondents or contributors to newspapeis or periodicals, and only thiee of our number are bona-fideditors. Hut a I understand the object of the Utah Woman's Press Club, it is not only to create a current into which may those well skilled flow the ripe thoughts-oto in journalism', but encourage, to draw 'out', to open up the vista of mind of the less exjerieneed of the spirits, who may sit dreaming gbxl thoughts but are not tuough to pen them for others to peruse and perhaps to profit by. Our club was organized six years ago by tliat staunch friend of women Mrs. K. B. ' Wells, editor of the "Woman's Exponent." She is ever seeking toarouse the best efforts of heart and brain in all around her and labors incessantly for the advancement of She was women at home and; abroad. president during the first two years and another year following Dr. Shipp's two terms of successful work. Mrs. Ruth M. Fox has most satisfactorily and pleasantly conducted the club through the past year. The short period of our club life has been productive of much research into various topics beside writing up the most interesting epochs of the times. The members have written many original stories, sketches and poems of high literary merit. In our poets corner we have heard sweet thoughts flowing in sweet rythmic music from the pens of Mrs. E. B. Wells e self-confide- nt in "Autumnal Musings," Mrs. Mary Freeze in --"Faded Faces, " Dr. Ellis R. -- Shipp in "The Woman Preacher," Mrs. Lydia D. Alder in "Queen Victoria,"'-DrOrielle Curtis in "Friends of the Press Club," Mrs. Ruth M. Fox in "Utah," Miss Josephine Spencer in "In the Green Street," and Mrs. Genevieve Lucile Brown in "The Ruling Passion. p' In the dreamy realms of fiction have appeared Mrs. Wells, Mrs. Greenhalgh,Miss Ada Patterson and others. In the art world we have been highly interested by Miss S L- Monroe with a of ceramics accompanied by an exhibition of exquisite specini,ens of ' di fferent national productions. Socially we have been most daintily entertained at "the home of Mrs. I. Cameron ,Brown, wife of our Senator to Congress, at Mrs. Dickinson's valentine party, at Dr. Shipp's, at Mrs. Fox's and at Mrs. Miller s . his--to- ry - : ' - to establish them. To begin with it will take the unit-- , ed strength of the clubs to raise the means whereby our public library may be sustained and very much enlarged, and also to in-- . aiigurate traveling libraries for the benefit of surrounding towns and villages. When we have accomplished these and solved the servant girl question-byopening educate her and to her schools cooking be skilled in mistress too.and also learned to general household" economies, then verily the club women of Utah will le prepaied U; become the vanguard in the grand army for the world's pacification and will.be haikd as angels with bilm of Gilead in their individual . . ' - n - o , As a club we have had the pleasure of receiving .the.' Countess Waehmeister, the National Press Association, Miss Beecher ' and others of note. "is the keynote of Personal success in club work, and m this partiallar I believe all the members am be justly complimented for their prompt response w program appointments. Uccasidiially to vary the routine club exercises we have had an evening in character which aroused an interest and mirth and taxed the memories of years of reading in order to guess the authors. A most' excellent1 rule in our club ,is the rotation in office every one or two years. It is the best means of infusing new life, and vigor into the work as well as lifting each member into the realm of responsibility and preventing the apathy which is too apt to follow depending on leadership in others. Few people are natural leaders, but many are capable, of improvement in. presiding with generous helpfulness from their asso-- ' ciates,' and thus in time the mental status of all the members is raised, increasing the dignity and power of th club as a whole. ; The finances of a club form a pedestal upon which rests its independence and Cash acts as oil to the wheels of progress, and it is as important to the life of the club that each member be 'prompt with In r dues, as to be active with her brain to secure success in literary work. I was much impressed while reading President Henrotin's address to the General Federation of Clubs with her recommendation to each club to hold a meeting to consider the subject of international and national arbitration, and industrial conciliation, and the important part which women are taking in educating, through peace societies, public opinion in favor of universal disarinairmrtr i rrc intnity ui woman grappling with such a stupendous project at first thought seems simply absurd. But. has she not already taken by the horns the Liquor" quite as prodigious a monster," ' King ? A" moments reflection upon the vast number of men composing the standing armies of the different nations, maintained to steady the toppling crowns on too often brainless heads, and to aid in grasping territory and holding power, makes the thought of. dis arm a m enXsjnivh4 lyu ntenablevSuch a suggestion, however, shows that woman is growing in and confidence in herself, that she can accomplish anything great or small, that she believes it to be her duty to undertake. Asa matter of fact each man irfthose great hosts of armies is some woman's son.x husband, father, brother or sweetheart: So that the army of. wonieji is as large as the army of men, and if a solidarity of the hosts .of women could "be marshalled into peace societies, public opinion in faVor of disarmament night finx ally be accomplished. As the president was advised, a meeting, could be given to the discussion of this subject and if it can bex encompassed,, as "it will be the crown of glory of woman's work for humanity' But as chari-- , ty begins at home so should be tbe general work of improvement. Some woman has said that Mmost people do not know half the resources of their own city and.it is the Roldeii.opportuiity of the club to point them out." ' In.Salt City it looks as if the clubs will not only, have to point out the resources"!" the city but to raise the cash by diut.of industrious, I wing's. A GOLDEN WEDDING. Ox Thanksgiving a golden wedding .anniversary was celebrated at Nephi in honor of the marriage of Charles Price and Ella Johnson at Council Bluffs in the year then eighteen, the' i47, the bridegroom bride scaicely fourteeu years of age.They have been blessed with a large family, .fifteen" in number, eleven jof whom survive. The family prepared a sumptuous feist for the occasion. Five sons with, their wives .were present and five daughters with their husbands, one daughter was absent on acThirty-fiv- e count of sickness. grandchil, dren were present, two were absent, and thirteen great grandchildren, besides many guests "who honored them with their presence. The tables were set in an upper roora where over a hundred were seated to partake of a bounteous repast. I may here state that the wedding cake was decor ated o.oo. with gold pieces amounting- - to "Alter wards came music, spechesrrri reeb tations, concluding with a dance which l It was pleasant appreciated. to see the fathers dance with their little daughters. All were made happy enjoying perfect freedom which will be to them a pleasant memory. M A. Hyde. Nephi, ov. 2jt 1897. . . . - " was-great- . - , -- R. S. REPORTS. - BEAR LAKE STAKE. self-relian-ce ' ' she-say- tke s k ' self-respec- t. . znd-j?r- Minutes of the thirty-nint- semi-annu- h al conference of tjie Bear Lake Stake held in Paris 1st Ward meeting house, Friday yOV. 26, 1897, at 10 a. in., President Julia Lindsay presiding. Singing: "Come, come ye Saints." Prayer by President James C. Hart, Singing "Our God ve raise to Thee;" Roll called, Stake officers present six ; officers of the various branches of the Society ten. President Lindsay, thought the bad condition of the roads prevented m any from attending; conference and said we should be willing to make sacrifices to do our. dutyL Those who do not put up with incouvenienees need not expect the reward that awaits those whoxare willing to meet their obligations. ' She wasvpleased to see some of the brethren with .us in conference. ' The verbal reports were asvfollows: Paris 1 st Ward, Pres. Stucki;'Pari2nd Ward, Pres. Ashley; Parker; Lanark, Bloomington.Tres. Patterson; a written re .oort from St. "Charles was read by Stake . v - Pres. . 