..,..,.,1. JWiY(fK.'.''14 ". '" .f)Kyp:: 'WOMAN'S. things of God; which he showed i!:e pre.U u :.: . ... ., . to. utter. rI dire nut . ... -w- d,cl.c;. H"-- ...... I . fchMtt-tidrcatn only Are seen . as lias l'aul.-- .;.. -- nit', . . ' iertr . ! t f u-- v i" as nee ti n the-secr- et ie of life, ,)7l vi!f jro,-rhiuommg in heaven, and blasting in'hell; ivinir on earth, and a .budding in- space;.-.yt'-al is u ill go, I will go, with you, brother, (arev well S uvoo I!eb. WLRY AS , 'NATIONAL SI - ; HUES-- . : t Coiitll'dcd.) . lican vict(ry. . ' " ljy Ikichan'an and Pierce became so aggressive by their extreme policy that . a great body '.of- northern v.ii,:,irr That as an express or Ptoz-iJtJ- TTON. - j r led .' j ; The Soutli aided by tile " Dough Paces " - j - I'olk-wuti- M Pemr., intro- uucul tiie fallowing billril varricd in" tins House but failed in the Senate.' i. Vliijs ioiiK'J with DcHiocratS. Through bitterness i,,d blood- .ami enraska were brought into the union as free stales the fh'ht , ndfJ fmm Ar.-- m lhe election of 86 showed that the" South'was upheld" by Northern Democrats,- -; but the large Vote" Air Kreinont by' a party not two years oM alarmed the South, they threatened secession in event of a Repub-- l Dro-slaver- v 1 ! - J 1S43 n i"nanvv. David Wilmot M. C. from I he I -- ' take Calhoun's slavery ...went into eVerv' rod territory when not excluded by i Joscrn Smith.- tsui(i ntn-vtm- i v"pMrcd til;tl. f - SOU. .av..tjttttuv I he btmntnr- he remain free,, or come in as stater1 If a protest was not enter-- ! j. a slave V(fir r u ......-.0.- 0 . v i 11.1 Democrats left them and joined with the Rebublicans. The. Dred Scott, decision in 857 would make the whole area- of United States soil : '. slave territory. In S57 .the 'slaye trade" was resumed Buchanan and a small party tried openly. to force from Kansas a slave Constitution known as the Lacompton ' Constitution,'-i- t tailed and in so doing made the gaps between Buchanan and Douglas, this split the Northern Democrats. In the famous debates between. Lincoln and Douglas in 1S5S the opinions expressed by Douglas against the Dred Scott decision made lnm unacceptable to' the South and resulted in the election of Lincoln in 1S60. The Johi Brown raid was in Oct. 185 with twenty 'men he attacked the arsenal at Harper s I'erry to get. arms to set up .air asylum in the hills beyond, where fugitive slaves might find a retreat;-thattack found little sympathy in the." North, but it influenced tin" South- with horrors, of negro -iThe Republican party of nsurrection. iM)0 put prohibition of slavery in the fuuda-- : 1 mental condition to the acjuisiti:i of auv territory from' the Republic of Mexico by the 'United States, by virtue of any treaty that ! niay nfgotiated between them, "and to the use by the executive of the moneys neither slavery "nor in-voluntary .ervitr.de shall ever exist in any, part of said territory except for crime' whereof the parcy.-halimr lx dulv. convicted. . 1 The opposition to Texas coining into thc Union was mainly from" the northeast, red the vetrnJestates asT welLus "slave states,-favoThe Democrats the movement.' favored, the Whigs opposed.. In S44 the abolitionists had formed into the- Liberty parly and raiv Birney for presiy .deJl, .they polled about 60,000 "Votes Although the Wilmot. Proviso failed, i marked a new policy soon to be victorious. and "Vo defeated Henry Clay, they simply Gov. Seward declared. In i'SjO that slav-- j played into the hands of Calhoun and became ; his willing" accomplices, says Ro.sevaelt try was the great .living issue between the comnational parties. "The Liberty party that ran Birney .. in no Texas was the last slave state that ever mitted a political iime, they way paved the way for the Republican party or came into the Union. Then came in 1S50 l cause." The a group of compromises. "The Missouri helped- the med compromise had fixed the lines in is jo and Republican party would never have took the parallel of 36 30' asMhe diyiiling dled with .slavery, says the same writer, hut a, war measure made it necessary. line, prohibiting slavery 'north of it, it- effective .fight settled the slave question lor thirty years.The. men. who made, the The credit of this belongs to Heurv Clav. were men who stayed in their party lines, or '"U heu tllcluuini puuurrn. When California asked for admittance Democrats like Benton and Wilmot, all .Somh needed all the slave iand lav a large partoi-heWhigs like Seward and' Stevens. Like th of. this line, the South demanded siaies uiu 1101 join mem. inq vice-l'reother men who really had a great influence dent Alexander Stephens declared that for good or bad on American' politics, they some equivalent for. her coming in as a free vitivVi v was its conr-fetoa- e, did not light inde3emdeTTTly of parties, but state. So I tab (including Nevada; and England did not recognize the South, lrom 1644 jsew . .Mexico lneiuumg ivnzoua; were staved strictly in party lines. not that she loved j.be North but she had the slavery question became the "paraorganized without the Wilmot. Proviso, and been fighting slavery for years wherever the slave trade was abolished in the Dismount issue," dwarfing all others. her fleets. sailed.' Tiie cause of Benton's downfall was his trict of Columbia in return; stringent laws The Northern Democrats loyally supportwere passed for the arrest of fugitive slaves courage in defending the Missouri comproed Lincoln Lincoln Sep. 22, 1862 issued in the Northern States.. mise bill roni the attacks of Southern slave famous Phnancipatiou proclamation to holders.-'In place of settling", the compromises the The type of Southerners that effect Jan. 1863. This proclamation slavery question. take prevailed before- the Revolution - and the of 1850 only stirred issued was solely as a war measure, to tvne iust before, the Rebellion1 were two Clay, and Webster were dead, Seward, weaken the enemy and to prevent Kngland Cha'se' and Sumner took their places. amerent things, l he admission 01 .Missouri interfering in giving aid to the South. was not completed until 1821; then the Calhoun was dead and Jefferson Davis (Mrs.) I. Cameron Brown. question-oslavery sunk out of sight for came to the front. Bill gave occaThe fifteen years, but when it reappeared it sion" for the South- to try and repeal the came to stay, until Lincoln's emancipation SILVER WEDDING, Missouri Compromise. Stephen Dougproclamation blotted it oil the face of civiliadvocated las to quiet the agitation4 zation.. Elder John C, Sharp, Bishop of Vernon, Jackson's struggle with the nullification that the' New Territories . themselves settle terri"their own to as Tooele Co., and -- .his wife celebrated their movement in South Carolina had nothing the slavery question to do with the slave question, it was the tories. Through his efforts the Missouri silver wedding by entertaining about fifty..'; tariff,-- and the tariff lines-wernot the slavCompromise was repealed in 1854, and relatives and friends at the Templeton liiled in Kansas and Hotel in this city, on Friday evening try lines.. Dallas points out in the Senate Squatter Sovereignty the guests were ''that the; South falling- - back with . the Nebraska, many voting for the bill upon March 12th. Among ' Apostle H. J. Grant .and wife, Mrs. North was n6t due ta slavery, but rather to the grounds that this would forever end the the Catharine K. Palmer, who is almost eighty ": tariiL." . slaveryquestion, but in fact it solidified and each other years old and mother; of Mrs. Sharp, Pres't. 'Polk, succeeded Tyler in 1845, Congress North and South' against who II. Go wans aud wife of Tooeleitakc, '..tad a strong Democratic majority v ': Texas led to the civil .war. The Northerners under Brother Samuel Woolley.anfhvife of Grants-villcarne into theUnionr:Polk thought that Jjy opposed slavery extension organized and later Brother Wrright and wife" of Neph l payment of monev Mexico might; let us the name "of the' tav hud beyond the boundary of the Rio of Republican party. This party was made Brother Louis Stransbury and wife of Whigs, Vernon, Brother Thackerary and wife of Gnde, then came the question " What up of Free Soilers, Democrats, and their principles, Croydon, and many relatives of this city; .onid be the Social and' Labor System ol and of The evening was. pleasaiitlyfispeut-wit- h this new territnrv" T .riiiiann in SO doinST based upon the Wilmot- Proviso, the in" the The music, feasting and conversation. Missourvhad come to us slave holding froin absolute prohibition of slaveryto attack Bishop and wife were the. recipients of territories.. It did not propose France, Florida the same from Spain,' Alain the slave states, and for this many handsome presents and wishes for bama 'and, under slavery manner in like, Mississippi lie of prosperity and happiness. the laws from North Carolina and Georgia reason tlie abclitipnistSTas a rule did not a continued ' : " v E. P. F. . ' :: it. from which states . off. join cut were they -b- ereifi-iappruprtntudr " "; H' 1 1 - . j ; -- -- j ; ! anti-slaver- - y j - ; j - . ! into-theUnion- I , r si -- j . . - . -- up-th- - . Kansas-Nebras- ka - A-- C : , -' , " -- ' ' ,' anti-Nebrask- e, a anti-slaver- y . . . - ' ' 