IV.; ce to the hearts Mat mourn,Sadly tier eft' ami torn-C- hrist - 1 vely .worn out, really Young Ladies"' Con .iTOajneiug'p-itAmf'A'lre effects 'weather- is Litter - rv4"5ir;ln to'lo' i:b :to it 'still; Jiang, arpuni; . . " cold..--- me-- Miss Wallace to go without Yet, notwithstanding the cold ten miles ride from the. Half Way House, we readied the Grantsville meeting house in time for the opening of the-- Relief Society Conference at 10.3U, where we received a warm welcome, were cheered, refreshed and made borne-Go- d's . The wind blows wildly and the snowfalls fast. But we. hope the young ladies time in their are having;a conference. Friday 2th. This morning we had a comfortable. delightful time with" the children. Sister There was not a large 'turn out at the Louisa C.'llale, Stake Superintendent of the Most of the leading Primaries, and' her. assistants are doing a forenoon 'mecliu'. sisters of the Stake have been sick lately, noble work among the boys and girls in Bishop James L. and several of them are still. unable to leave, this. Stake of Zion. The Relief Society Slake Wrathall of Grantsville, and several of the their homes. President, Sister Mary A. Hunter, is just leading brethren met with, and spoke encouragingly to the little ones and their recovering from a severe attack of pneumonia. First Counselor, Sister Kllen C. Primary officers. In the afternoon we met with the officers, Anderson, was too ill today with sick of the three associations, Relief Society, be up. And although we had dinIt was ner at her house. and. were well cared for by Young Ladies' and Primaries. -her daughter HortensCj Sister Anderson truly a time of rejoicing: and spiritual' rewas not able for even private conversation. freshing to us all. The older sisters and Second Counselor, Sister young. ones.miugled their voices . in. songs has been suffering with rheumatism, and it of praise, in prayer and testimony,' and the .would have been imprudent for her to veil-- ' Spirit of the Ltml was richly, poured out, ture to ride from Tooele to .Grantsville in strengthening, instructing and enlightening the cold wind and slett today. So you can all in the things of God. understand that the Stake, organization of That was the closing of "the coherencies the Relief Society must appear to be rather and meetings which Sister Wallace and nry- lame just now. But I want to tell you al-- . self were appointed .tocattend. We havje : t r ."I.: .t though the 'authorities I have mentioned UOtU eiijoyeu mucn ireeoom m speaking iu the congregations with whom we have met, were not present, we have had two excellent meetings today, conducted by Stake and have rejoiced greatly with the people Secretary Mary A. House and Sister Kmma here. H. Anderson, daughter of President M. A. After the Teacher's meeting, as the Hunter, and Counselor in the Grantsville' sisters called the last one, we again visited Relief Society. Sister Hammond and hei suffering darling, Sister Rose C. Hammond, President of in company vvith Sister House. Spoke as the Relief Society in this place, has a very Sister Hammond expressed' herself as fccL-- j Her lint- the meetings ing blest, and grateful for our visits. to attend the conference, have been well conducted, and encouraeiinr little one still lingers. between life and: written rrp: ?rts from all hut .rmr of the mint death; but as it continues to grow weaker branches belonging to the Stake have been there are now .but faint hopes of its re furuishcl. Verbal reports were- also given covery. Before its illness it was evidently a remarkably sweet and bright child. by several presidents and representatives, This evening we are glad to rest in bur which aided much in enlivening the meet- : iriends' quiet home, preparatory to a visit iugs. The matter of storing up grain not overlooked by any of the branches re- - to President M. A. Hunter tomorrow morn-- T W e ported, but is made a prominent feature in ing, and a ride home in the afternoon. the industries carried on among them. I he have looked over Secretary House's book, music and singing in our meetings have and find it in excellent order; everything been ery pleasing to us. Grantsville, I dtip to date. Saturday 13th. President M. A. Hunter bejieve, is noted for its flue singers. A number of the brethren made us glad with we find bright and cheer' as a girl. Glad their presence and their good advice and to see us and' talk over business matters connected with, the Siociety, old times, the kind, encouraging words. Our dear and faithful friend, Sister M. A. experiences of our missionary boys, Temple work etc. No one would "suppose Sister House, still goes about like..4"r.a ministering i :.xi. ,...1 .a 41... Hunter to be seventy years old from her sick auu Miiiciiu ui iuc angei amuiig ward. appearance but she is.. She has .not out of doors since her recent attack At the close of the afternoon meeting ..she.. ' ' have dinner with lier! took us Sister,, Rose Hammond and of pneumonia! We one of and her grandsons takes' us the ten her 'sick child. There we had the sad satisride to miles This finishes our the train. faction of speaking words of comfort and successful visit to GrantsyiHe. consolation to the sorrowing mother, and pleasant, and " L. L. Greene Richards. 'mingling our prayers with her-- s in behalf P. S. Just before we left Sister Hunter's of her aflliQted little one. Also of place, Sister Hainnioud tson Williecanie.J lovintr the ..sniriLaf sv.miwthv-anJ Jd O ness winch exists among the sisters here, to .in to tell us the baby, little Paul; Leland, a very marked degree, Allien there is a call died at noon. All wTe can now do is to extend our continued sympathy-tothe bereavfor the exercise of these high qualities. " ' Several kind invitations were extended ed family. to. us for entertainment during our stay; but as T always make my home with I N FA N T F U N E R A L H V IX. Brotlier and Sister Housewheniisiting in ('TW Xcjw My Cod To Thee"): Grantsville, Sister Wallace also joined us this "time, and we are very comfortably .Peace to thee", little one sheltered in their. eosy l.iUjeJmbiUtioiiU.---- Gone from our fo'd - That is, 1 am, and my companion -- was, Quickly thy course was run, aud"will j)e again after the meeting this Thy. story told. . good,-cheerin- hath all sorrows will be done ! I have allowed feienceViFj.ithiVeveuitig, " - Let not our thoughts remain, Neath the cold sod, Where thy fair form is lain, Lead us to God; Where thy "pure spirit bright, ISasks in eternal light, Where there is no more night, No death nor pain. g 1 , -- Though from thy mother's breast, Death carries thee, By angel arms caressed, Now thou art fre, In glory like the. sun God's loving will be done ! Peace to hee, little one . . head-"ache.t- o Rest, Darling, Rest ! L. L. G. R, . Rhoda-A-Lyma- n, R. S. REPORTS. . I ' 1 1 .1 -- ; -- . I - j -- ! j . j i ist-,- re-cor- " . "ventured : to-s- ee : -- L-ii-u! Cl 1 X - : . ! "- : v ; de BliAVKK STAKE - . Editor Woman' s Exponent: 'Minutes of Conference of Beaver Stake Relief Society held in the 'Society Hall, Beaver Citi, Utah, March 5; 1897, commencing at 10 o'clock a. m.. Counselor S. M. Dell presiding. Present of the brethren, Pres't. C- D. White and counselors, M. L. Shepherd and J. Bishop Geo. Mumford and S. O. counselors, White, Patriarch Daniel and others. Tyler 'Singing "And are we yet alive;" prayer by Counselor M. L. Shepherd; singing "O God our help in ages past;" minutes of previous conference read and approved. Counselor S. M. Dell made a few opening, re marks, felt glad to see the sisters out - P.-Toitoi- i, PiesideiiL to Loniereuce. Tarn W ... -f- tirt-W j reported the Beaver Relief Society in good condition. President White felt pleased to meet in, ' conference with the sisters. "Bishops the receive from the help they appreciate Relief Society and the people ought to because they are a great blessing to all classes. They are doing a good work and, ought to lined.bpoke at some leneth on the7 erain OlieStlOtl f VPfV- tTllloli uvu rfrrroi ; vgiv.iivu j j the acejdeut How.d, felt satisfied was Lord the pleased with her laithful labors rmd - v t u iliv. iai . btattsUcal and financial renorts of wards and Stake were read, Counselor M. thought, the sisters had a great, amount of goou. As the people Lord we need to do every- . j'ossiDie advantage, also live 111 peace with each other, without jealousies and evil speaking, thus shall we receive the blessings of our heavenly j ' - 1 of-th- 1 j to-Sist- er. d, e Father. Sister the instructions we had received excellent.; All her labors had been done willingly and cheerfully. ' The7 Prophet Joseph" turned the key for women and they are taking their place in the world. May we all: be earnest and faithful in our labors."" Patriarch I). Tyler felt thankful that he could hear and enjoy the most that was said. The work the sisters have done . past speaks for them and; testifies of their fnitli fill 1o auu. ,4.1 uiev win receive a " ' great reward. Tyler-though- t in-th- . K-r- 2 - -- ..--- , . J - J Vt Ilk W e 