fun, 1597," ''J7rchiuent"L" Isalvella Home rresenf on the sta'nd "were presiding, Killer (). B. Huntim'ton. listers Ziiia'D. '.M. A. llde Klder Tacobs,. L Young. B.'.W. Smith r of ,the Sanpete Stake, and 'I Counselor C. C. CanuonL . Ojened by singing- " For the strength of the hills we bless Thee;" prayer, by Klder (). B, 'Huntington; singing " Come, O Thou King of kings;" minutes of last meeting read and accepted.' The statistical and financial report iead and accepted. President Home spoke to the sisters on their duties, and urged them to greater reward that of diligence. Snoke - - the riTcnt would follow the performance of good works; raised- a Warning .voice against the sins that were'among us; gave many words of wisdom and counsel to the sisters. '," Klder O. B. Huntington and Klder Jacobs spoke on the good work the Society was doing, and urged the mothers to look after the rising generation with greater' vigilance.... Sisters Zina I). II. Young, B. W. Smith and JVI. A, Hyde each spoke ind gave many instructions comforting words and valuable ' " ITTll esisl e rs Closed Ty singing "We thank Thee 0 . r- - 1 - : 1 Jacobs. ' - - rupeneu oy session. singing " Our God .we raise to Thee;" prayer by fi noon nuer . . .. 1 t . : ... . Counselor C..C. Cannon; singing " O ye , mountains high.1' The Stake officers of the Relief Societywere presented and sustained. There was a large attendance and the meeting was addressed by President A. M. Cannon M. I. Home, Annie T. Hyde, Julia C. Howe, P. V. Smith, C. C. Cannon, M. Hyde and K. Stevenson. Many important suhiects wi'ie discussed and strong testimonies borne to the latter-dawork, and a good feeling prevailed throughout the assembly. Adj'.uti ed fui thice months by singin This God is the God we addre." Beue- diction by Pres't. A. M. Cannon. y t. M. Y. Taylor Sec'y. DAVIS STAKK. Tin: Davis Stake Relief Society' Confer-euc- e was held at Kast Bountiful Jan. 28,. iSoj, President Susan Grant presiding. Meeting; opened by singing " Our God we to" Thee;" prayer by Counselor raUe 41 Joseph Clark; singing Prayer is the. soul's sincere desire." Present on the stand were Pres't.. Zina, I). II, Young, Pres't. Hess and Counselors,- - Pres't Susan Grant and Minutes of the Counselors, and othe;rs. previous Conference read and approved: .Pres't. Susan Grant r.tnde nncninc rp- marks, said we did not come together to advance new ideas but we have come with a desire to be blest and thought we, were blest in having Sister Zina-witus. greatly m T lmi4U:,. A liavt uvcii tuailLtLCU rtlUl LUIS vuuicu1. for a long time and it is my. testimony that . God hears and answers, the prayers of the faithful saints. When we are in deep sorrow we. can go to Him and He will hear us. We have all enlisted in the service of iii tho God. Ournames Keliet pociety, it.is the uutyOJ. all the sisters to attend their meetings." Pres't Kucina Sessions reported Kast xiuuamui. 1 its v.. uauuu r'aeKerai, west Bountiful, said they Were getting along very wen 111 me oocieiy Sister Zina D. H,- Young said "It makes .my heart rejoice to meet with the Saints, I' feel there is a good spirit here. It is now 60 . nre-allnrol- - h(T years since Ilyrum Smith baptized me into the ChurcJi 'of Go.d.M "Spoke of apdstacyr to it is said one of the first things that faillt finding. Spoke of visiting." with Brother Stevenson before his death, he was It is a filled with tbe spirit of the Gospel. great blessing to have a body dedicated to the Lprd. Spoke of the ."Relief Society, said she sjncerely hoped more of the young ladies would join". "I was present when Young organized the Young' Biigham Ladies' Association, when he got through with the organization Geo.. A. Smith-- said, If Brigham Young ever spoke by the Spirit of God he has today.' , I feel .to urge the sisters to attend the Relief Society meetings, but do not neglect your children. I am thankful to meet with you and may God bless you all." Sister Randall reported Centerville Society ?.s doing well and improving. Meeting was adjourned until two o'clock.. Singing " Lord dismiss . us. " . Benediction by JJishop Lewis Grant. Afternoon session. Opened by singing; :prayer by Counselor Henry Rampton; singing. Counselor MarSr'Clarkmade" some excellent remarks, said the Gospel is what makes us happy. Spoke of Temple work, we should attend to it and do all the good we can for this life is short. South Bountiful, Farmington and West Lay ton were well reported by .their Presidents as being in good condition. Sister Zina made .some very interesting remarks, said there are many here who can testify to the gift of healing, the mothers can intercede with our heavenly Father in behalf of their children, they should teach them the principles of' the ' Gospel and to be virtunii'i. " There is nothing gives me more joy than to see children improving and doing right." Told several incidents which occured in. the days- of ' Joseph that ..were very interesting. Referred7 again to said no mallei how many aposia-tiz- e apostaey, this work will roll on forit is God Is, work. " May we ever be found faithful is my prayer." Counselor Jane Holt said she loved io hear' the sisters bear their testimony who " If we live lived in the days of Joseph. true, faithful and prayerful lives we will be blessed, I feel to bear my testimony to . what has May our heavenly Father help us to be true and faithful' Pres't. 'Hess said, " I have experienced a great many things in this Church and I want to tell you the Latter-daSaints were never on so dangerous ground as they are today. The evil one is trying to have the people give way and not trust the Priesthood, those who feel that way should repent; Some told Joseph Smith they were willing. for him Xo advise-i- spiriftial things' but thought they knew as much 'in temporal things. This influence is now here and a great many are influenced by it. I feel brethren and sisters we have been my silent long enough and'ic is time we should rise up and warn the pcople. I have the right as a citizen to speak my 'mind, let us sustain ourselves and the Priesthood." - Referred to the remarksof the ststersT " NowNiistcrs you said they vere good . have just as much influence as thexmen and use your influence; for good. I ask the "; Lord to bless ydu.all. " Meeting adjourned for .three mor.ths to Ije held at Cen terville. Sing ing Doxolov ' Prayer by D.-Willey, , . , . . - . I:-"- ?h . The 97- jLrjT ."' -- P. CT-W. C.heldi regular monthly meeting at the home Mrs. Ruth Fox, 261 W. 2nd South St. ! . Meeting was called to order by'the Pas t, 1;., and prayer was offered by Mrs. members Roll, call, Wells., ..responding with quotations from Mrs... ICmmeline- h. Wells. Report of Federation committee on revision' of Constitution read" by See's Motion by 'Mrs. Wells that Federation bCarried. eheld as formerly, in May. .Motion by .Mrs. uickinson mat report 01 Committee on Constitution be accepted n read. Carried; Talk In Program for the evening: ' Mrs. Wells on her Kastern trip. Paper, "Three Lakes," Mrs. Kimball. . - ' . "A Woman's Heart," ..Mrs. Poem, Lydia I). Alder. Dr. IC. R. Shipp in behalf of the Press Club presented Mrs. F'mmelin'e B. Wells with a birthday gift as a token of the esteem and love felt for her by. the club. Mrs. Wells made a fitting, response. .Minuies reau ana apjirovea, oeueaicuon oy. Mrs Clark. Adjourned. Okiki.i.K Cuktis, Sec. - DKGRKlvS FOR WOMIvN. Camhkidgk, Kng., March 2. The syn- dics appointed by Cambridge university to consider the question of granting degrees to women has presented its report. While it 'u not prepared to recommend that women be admitted to membership, the syndics recommend that the title of B. A. be conferred by diploma upon wojnen who have already passed or hereafter pass the final tripos. The Syndics further recommend' that the women may proceed in one course to the M.."A. degree and thrtt' ibo nivprsity b- .empowered to grant degrees in arts, law, letters) sciences and music to women who have not fulfilled the usual conditions but who have been recommended for such titles nouorias causa, ny me council 01 ine seuaie. L I I I SJ U VJ U UU WILL DEOIN HER been-said.- y .V I.J ' Class : in : Obstetrics On Monday April 12th iSy7 yith improved facilities for instructio-ithis important study. iven. to societies sending Special terms are n For further particulars communicate students. with -' , ELLIS R. SHIPP M. I). St Salt Lake City Utah. 75 Center R.KTHOMA! Removed to IS and 50 Main St.. SALT LAKE CITY. t- - . . .',' . O. . Susan Grant, President,- -' Pi IK UK'. C. Sessions, Secretary. .:: The Leading Retail Cash Efoixse &K.THOMA: 