WOMAN'S KXPONENT. Ml t " . The question; is often asked, Will the. The 23rd Bishop Bunker and a young world pe any. .better for the new influence- missionary accompanied u.l..bj uv muiiv- J . As well ask if the world wiTL le tatter for the'vapor high up amongst- - the lofty peaks of the. ''Alps condensing- into pure, white snow .which crowd down veined with denser crystal and loaded with impure moraines to meet the warm kisses of the sun, by which it is converted into tiny rivulets that wend their way to the blue lakes beyond, carrying, life and .joy to millions of growing things. Ijetter or .worse though she may make .the world, she will have the satisfaction that men have ever craved, that of gratifying the ambition born within her. there seemed to be nothing' for either man or beast We arrived at St. Joseph in time to have supier"with Brother 1 I untsinan and "hold an evening meeting. Bishop ' Jones with a number of the tfie people of Overton met Us here and house was full. 'A number of families have moved here from Dakota and several of them were at the meeting they pay! strict attention. One lady congratulated us and thought we were doing a good work. I understood there were sixteen families and tents-anonly six houses,, the rest live in This valley is calculated to suswagons. " tain many people. The 24th was Sunday. In the morning we went to Overton and met with the Sunday- school which is well conducted. After the exercises the missionaries gave o'clock We At, some good instructions. met with the people and had an interesting time, they meet in a large tent, ihey have the rock ready to build, a meeting house. We dined with Brother and Sister "Johnson. Sister Morris and myself called on Brigham Whitmore and family, he is building a new store. We left in time to hold an evening meeting at St. Thomas. Here Sister Whitney kindly entertained a number of Overton people who followed us on. Here we had an interesting time. Bishops , ' , Naytweejr not for thy dead alone Whose song has toM their heart's sad story; Weep for the voiceless who have known The cross but not the crown of glory." To me the heroes of history have always leen the heroines. They have been the mothers ..by whose suffering the human race has been propagated the women who in any great undertaking have bravely and patiently with willing hearts and helping hands, been ever ready to bear their part. I can say. as the most of you can say, that the tast friend of my life "lias been a woman"." I might say more, that the best friends I ever had have been women. The ;reatest helps m mental, moral,, physical social ways, and his is indeed an tin- happy lot which does not include such friends ; and he is indeed ungrateful, unworthy of being- an American, much less a citizen of our- fair state, who can say he has not drawn his '.best inspiration from a woman. My faith in woman is great and I extend my hand to all those who have helped her to the added privileges conferred with the She .will coming in of the new state. as she does her other guard them well new or old, she will not be treasures, and, found wanting in the future any more than in the past. 1 , AN INTERESTING JOURNEY. e ' ; ; ;. fl ntul triv AVfl n Mn,i cict,r r.,,,trr fr tertained us for the night. The 25th we, left St. Thomas feeling refreshed, and turned our faces homeward. Bishop Bunker being along we went up a a mine, to save crowing the dry wnh-briver scr much, 'the mine is fifteen miles from Burikerville. 'Sister Morris; and myself visited a mine for the first time, tbey seem to be doing quite a business, I think they are down a hundred feet, hope it will ' be profitable. We got into Bunkerville late in the evening' The brethren were in a meeting and we went to bed' feeling the netd of rest. We were very kindly entertained by Bishop Bunker and family. The 26th we met with the people of Musquito Flat, we met at o o clock after traveling six miles, this, belongs to the Bunkerville ward Brother Nephi Johnson is the presiding Elder. Here we found a number of families striving t6 make homes for themselves and their children. I think thereMs a very good people here, judging from tin way they turned out to meeting. We went onto Littlefield and had an evening meeting, all that were able "turned out . there are but six families located here, Bishops" Andrus and Judd joined its in this meeting, having traveled from the Muddy that day ; they bore testimony to the 'good work that-wabeing accomplished. On our trip we have urged the "necessity of planting mulberry trees, and so lay a foundation for the development of the 'silk industry: One of the brethren and wife had a little daughter born that morning and wished to ' name. her after us. t)nlhe.. 27th we reached home, having traveled two hundred .miles; We trust we Jiave tlpue some", good in urging, the saints . j Ann C.,.Woodbury, ' ' St. George, Jan.; 20, 1897. . XOTES AND NEWS. . Tine Committee on Elections has reported adversely on presidential woman suffrage" in Kansas. . Tin: fact fliat a man gives up his seat to a woman in a street car is no evidence that he does not let his wife bring in the coal. Syracuse Post. ' In Lexington, Ky., Mrs. Allen Harrison has been president of the board of education for a year. Her administration has. been most successful. The board is composed of nine men and three women. Tin- Iowa Capital "says: "One of the actions of the joint committee on elections will greatly please the distinguished women wno visited ues .101nes in January, and that is tlitf adherence to the recommendation .of the code commissioners, that at least one trustee of every State institution having children in its charge must be a : ' ;v,woman. . -- L-' Tiik Constitutional Convention of the of Delaware, on Feb 16, voted 17 to 7 against striking out the word male from the section of the constitution relating to general elections. Those voting in favor of striking out were all Republicans. Seven Republicans and ten Democrats voted Not a Democrat against striking out. ' ' present voted for equal suffrage. State " inn from the Convent route ticc ww Anthony went to visit Mrs. Sewall at- In- . KT - - kAVS A ii-i- i. J A rs. v nrr nnn mtqq mmmoj unv iTTfnn .... r, ed a" -meetinp-O of the Chirncrn T'olitiVol fMnh 'W O in. ii k - A y and on Mrs. Catt's earnest presentation of tne needs or tne organization work, over two hundred "and fiftv dollars vrfs ran. tributed by the members present. DR. ELLIS R, SHIPP, WILL BEGIN HER Class : in : 1 - I f - wel- . . Sister Ann C. Woodbury and Emma .Morris of the Stake Presidency of the Relief ft St: George with the home Society, missionaries, Brothers Brigham Jarvis. and Charles Seegmiller. We traveled thirteen miles and camped at the Indian Farm, Bishop James Aiidrus and Thomas Judd being oh their way to the Muddy. The '2 1st of Sep. we went to Littlefield and had dinner with Brother Albert Farmer and family. We traveled on to Bunkermiles. We ville, the distance of forty-threwere ready for a good night's rest which we had at Bishop Bunker's. The 22nd we had a general meeting at 10 o'clock with the missionaries. We had a very enjoyable time and a good turn out. .At 2 o'clock we met with the Primaries some of the brethren' with the mothers filled up the house, and we felt the Lord had '.been with us. In the we held a - Relief Society meeting evening and ' had an enjoyable time, also had good encouragement from the brethren the house was full to ' ..v. overflowing. r r' , - . ' - - . . TtlhtrV where ; "A few rail touch the magic string, And noisy fame is proud to win them; Alas for thoe who never sing. Hut die with all their music in them. throiKTPa 1" iffivr-h-V- l to their duties. Kver praying for the fare, of Zlbn I remain, in the Gospel, I -- , On Monday Anril 12th lSo7 with i mnrnvpn facilities for instruction in this imnortant ctuHv . Special' terms are given to societies sending soiuents. tor lurtner nartiru srs rnmmnn MtP with -- . -- . s - , 1 ( ' Obstetrics 75 ELLIS R. SHIPP M. D. Center St Salt Lake City Utah. R.E.TiiOMA.S Removed to 48 and 50 Main St.. SALT LAKE CITY; The Leading Retail C ash H ouse. 