17 WOMAN'S EXPONENT-- . Woman Ex i 'ONE NT RMMRUNB X WEILS, semi-monthl- 1 - Editor. Delegates feel more and HyYuin .Smith aiul likenesses of Jo'sC-pin each knife the inscription, A tofeen ot re T Pubhshed from Brother Jucliau to" brother in Salt Lake City, Utah. .spect Terras: one copy one one copy six months, yMr;f.6o; Brigham," They were given by Apostle 50 cts. No reduction made for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. Brigham Young and were originally the Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonprj-ei'property of his .father. A gold mounted space one time, $2.50; per month, $3 00. A liberal disreadintr class in a buckskin cover inclosed count to regular advertisers. in a tin case which.belonged to President OUIlg; the mounting was of California IngjMainStreet.oppositeZ.C.M.I. Business hours from to a.m. 10 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. gold brought to Utah in an early day. On Address all business communications to the tin case, is engraved. ' 'This cold mount- PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, ed reading glass, buckskin cover and tin case was carried and used by President Salt Lake City, Utah. EnUrtd at the Post Ofict in Salt Lair City, Utah, as Brigham Young. It is a gift from his son, Brigham Morris Young, to be put in the matter. foundation stone of the. Pioneer monument JLvSalt Lake City Utah. June 28, 1S07, En-' Salt Lakk Citv July 15 . August i, 1897 graver J. II. Harrison 81 years old." United States coins 1S9- 7- 55 gold and i. A MEMORABLE MONTH OF JULY. 50 cts. and 10 cts. silver." Apostle Brigham Young then ascended Tin: mouth of July 1897 will long be the platform and spoke a few words, of remembered as one of unusual events in thanks and appreciation and said: ."In Utah, commemorating the advent of the behalf of the Memorial pioneers of 1847, emphazing in strong Association 1 Brigham Young pronounce the corner stone of terms their arrival and the attendant cirthis monument laid, and in behalf of Presi cumstances, and also the growth' and prodeut Woodruff and the other survivii!ir gress of these vales and the intcrmountaiu and the pioneers who Ime passed region and the industries and institutions pioneers thereof.. More history could sea reel v le away and the laiuily ot Brigham Young, I he benediction was nro made in a month in the record of events and f deceased. 7 b' liIdrer nen.son U alker of,'Vthe eminiscences than in this one, which in a'' L10110 St P10neers' afler which a chorus of child-is- t I Lnse has been typical of the half centu-rcn ""S a selection and three cheers were past. That this people and this nation ' the eve of great events that given for the pioneers and the monument. are to transpire, also seems to have be CHRISTIAN E N D EAVO RS come a truism. Accuse of uneasiness, of restlessness and lack of confidence Beginning with near Tulv 1st came the largely baud in of Christian Kndeavors from all parts the midst of the people," and prevails ot tne country; train load after train load lK)k at it as we will a change of some-sor- t landed in the city, stopping to see the seems imperative. sights and to attend one or two of their CORNER STONE. ANSIS tTBLLS CASSON -- F. Smith, and photngrnplr of Prankliir Br '1 wo Richards, historian;, ivory paicr y, I st V N ' EI 1. 1 N (1 O V -- .. On Thursday July 1st the corner stone , of the Brigham Young monument .was laid with all due,ceremony and obseryances; the place chosen at last after much indecision was at the head and in the centre of Main St. on South Temple, the services began at five o'clock. The' streets near and all available space was crowded with people. Hon. James Sharp announced the opening exercises. The Tabernacle choir chorus sang " An Ode to Brigham Young " Prof. composed by I;van Stephens, Prof. Anton. Pederson's band joined' in the accompaniment; President Snow offered an appropriate prayer, then "America" was rendered by the choir and band, which seemed very inspiring to the assemblage of people. Hon. Franklin D. Richards delivered the oration which was an eloquent effort setting .forth concisely, yet complete and full, the ereat wort jirrnmnUcKo Brigham Young in whose honor, together with other pioneers living and dead; Ihe ppersowh.ch xvte much with ing momentous facts. : .7m,. tvt i,?c hSS" i...t .iC1VrtlK: were a tribute to the true pioneers. ing of the deaden' box treasures by President WilfordWoodruff . ' the oldest livbur was in order; the - box' contained .names of the 1.loneers engraved on a cooDer nlnt o likenesses. graved " .:. . V'rrul-Mi; f r t?.. :rfar r ! ., . 1 1 f M 11 ' 1 1. r that baffles t- i. -- - 1 1 - -- his-Arr- ival. t al - . 1 -: . . I s'ofn"" Sjf conUinmrsS The M Ii NT. L- at New Orleans in 181 2. At 8 o'clock the veterans of 1847 b'an lu gather on Pioneer Square. (better known Semi-Centenni- ' "and oX Sgewit t?111!5 " tt- " c- - rlr . LI" . Mayor GlendpnmW . K M ON e tSSJe" ""u r..n :e 1 The 'h.hn.... description. colors helped to make the picture lessJ som. bre than it would have been. The veterans of '47 were hernial Dimick B. Huntington s martial band nf , instruments. There were ,18 i)iotw.r J,", line when the march began; the ranks were well interspersed with women, whose valor was not surpassed by. men in those Mriv days. The lin2 of march led to the Bri'ham oung monument. At oVWL-- ' h exercises of unveiling the monument-began. Hon V m. J. Bryan was nrespnt nt the ceremonies and was vieorouslv MiVn.! --lueetingsand hastPningoa-f- u - on r t he - Governor Wells. I u d o e to ban Francisco and the Pacific coast. aud J5ishot) bcaulan were nrnnii.-HnMany hundreds of them were seeing the in the assemblage, but the most consnnMi. est lor tne hrst time, and were agreeably ous and personage of all was surprised with the progress towards the President impressive Wilford Woodruff, the venenble civilization that they imagined only existed Pioneer of 1847. Bishop O. R VVhimv in the Eastern states. On Sunday Tulv ath introduced by the Hon. Chairman of the me nnstian Endeavor people held meetCommittee, Spencer Claw- ings in the large Tabernacle i n this ritv son, read President Woodruffs prayer-whic- h, President Woodruff having kindly tendered opened the exercises. them the building as their representatives I he ode to Brigham Younp- - wns rpnrVr. m tuib cuy naci no nan large enough to accomodate the great number who were anx ed by the choir from the portico of the ious to attend. In the evening our own xiau 01 Kencs. James H. Movie made the presentationt speech which was extempo- . . . . ycupie neici service there with the Taber-nact- e w choir, Evan Stephens in charge, the iiineous ana closed with the wonls, "We present it to the uuiiumg was nned to its utmost capacity Excellency. the public,iu the presence of his Governor, of ihe State, a The sermon by Elder C. W, ?M1m,P son ot a noble sire mid l.mmml smctiy upon the hrst principles of the Gos- - worthy of Utalr" pci ana tne divine nature, thereof. He was pioneer The immense multitude hnrt ;,,tn on.: 10 uowea by President George Q. Cannon as President Woodruff arose, then plause w uu uure lesumony to the same. silence fell again and the h of ninety years said in elude ,,,,1 audible voice while the great multitude was. hushed, in. .eacrer listenincrTn t:,,. ana sjjeaKers name 01 God I wlhave t,:0 tttXtlX nniv nnrP;i tUlJ tit r.:. Atnyjate i. c ment, h instantlv f cHf , tiro in A CtrmiJC A fnrm -au.to.unioia and fall away from the uy mem may be re.. column, revealing to the people the moved, and that-j they will A. :Sak of the granite .u.. heroic,, bronze figure of the great Pioneer -leader Brigham Young. Governor Wells ' in an ; gates. eloquent speech accepted the monument in behalf of the THE TRANSIISSISSIPPI CONGRESS' people of Utah- -in honor of Brigham and the pioneers. At the close of oung made' chiflv torehand, the Governor's able effort, David McKenzie UIK Or IMP secretary W TT stepped to the front and led the multitude in a hip-hihurrahthree times. Apostle" r-- Wes . fiavcdjiujn more ESl.aot-jeaklEresented. 1 " , . T The firing of cannon, ojeuing Of "iTJC Jubilee festivities and exercises,-beganat - ' o'clock Tuesday morning, July ?o; this cannon was brought to Ctali in ISVhv the first company -- of pioneers,- - and' wis previously famous for having done service . -- jjZz -- fls - are-jusrupo- thairwclcoine. The ladies -- l y Ci&ie; roma:Iisf e comraiuee 01 jaciies irom the several clul ,iu the city and were agreeably.' entertai'd during their visit. .Bands of music were in attendance to greet them the first moruin of their arrival, and the Assembly ' w H:jj resplendent with 'draping, banners and flowers.., The Congress "throughout was interesting and' instructive and all who were present to witness the. proceeding and listen to the seeches made on siih of to our interniouutaii; importance jects well to as a:i all the world, nmsl country, have felt themselves greatly benefited with the information there given, and also through discussions pro and con. h iCm:), . second-cla- to-th- th" -- p 