v God and the Spirit of "the Lord was with wc 'ns, we should do lHjit'cT i' T ' imVN;.. .WN! V N X Hm.ieW obtaining t lie Spirit of God,, ingbecu as fine cocoons produced in this Read some .remarks made by Henry Ward vicinity as anywhere on the globe,. and, we projKrrly are sure that' if the; business-iHecdier, com,; our will be longU-fornot Sister Mary P. xSilver bore her testimony, managed it said she had always' known this was the munity can compete with the importations work of God. A Sister in the eongrega-- , from France and Italy, in quality., at least, tio'n !ore a testimony to the truth of what if not in price.' The work of feeding and Sister Harney had said, also spoke of bless-iiltakiiig care of the worms is light and can ' we derived from prayer. be jerformed by women and children, netSister Nunn spoke of her labors in the ting them a profit that cannot be earned in Temple, of seeing Ker aunt whom she was other ways. It is hoped. that Congress will ' working for, and the: many blessings she make an appropriation to aid .in erecting a was the recipient of day b day, also the filature so that there, will be no need of exblessings derived by. fasting and'. prayer. porting the cocoons, but that everything N. A sister in the congregation bore a very can be. done here, earn to the manufacturing ' in faithful testimony, said she felt to rejoice of the cloth. the Gospel... Sister Young felt to rejoice in the Gs-- . LULA'S. LETTER. pel, had been in the Church forty-ninfor who desired sister us to her. years, pray , was sick, Lord to bless us all. the Sevier Stake, Utah, prayed RiCiii'iKLi), ' Sister Sarah I 'helps also spoke of, the Friday, Sep, iS, iSyO. truth of the Gospel in this our day, she felt .vc ought to pray; to the Lord more fervef- - J'Jitor Wovian' $ Exponent . . eutly than we had ever done before. Dear "Aunt Em: Yesterday, as you are " Sister Silver sang How firm a foundation.'1 Sister' Wilkins felt pleased that she aware, Sister M. A. Freeze and myself came by appointment to attend the Relief had the privilege of meeting with us. testi-- . Society Stake Conference here. 'Sister Mina Hardy bore Today we have had one of the best conAnother sister felt to rejoice but mony. ferences I. have had the privilege of attendfelt she had a testimony to bear, and knew Verbal reports were we could call down the blessings of heaven ing for a long time. given of nine out of fifteen branches belongif we would only ask for them. Sister Mary A. Hardy also bore a faithful ing to this Stake R. S. The sister who reported the Salina branch testimony. Sister Held knew if she did not say a few said, among other excellent things, that words she would feel condemned. Singing each month their R. S. appoints certain " We thank Thee.O, God." Sister B. W. members to visit the meetings held by the Smith knew th Prophet Joseph was a true Young. Ladies and Primary Associations prophet ; she asked the Lord to bless our during the month. That struck me as being an example young sisters who had spoken in our midst, worthy of 'imitation by every branch of -- pDiyiiiJbJiouiLaged-piop our R. S. everywhere. What beUeTvofkT' ruff. Pres't Home having arrived made some can our older sisters find than visiting and remarks, was pleased to see so many encouraging our young folks and our little ones, and helping the officers who labor so present, thought there was signs of a revival, thought we should h,ave to retire to hard to keep these associations in active the Assembly Hall she had often thought progression ? To be sure, in our R. S. of the Lord's bringing forth this work meetings advice is often given to the effect through his servants and handmaidens, that, it is a good, thing for. mothers and all that the Lord knew whom he was choosing. the older sisters to make such visits to " Let us set an example before our young, associations ; but the advice is not sisters." Sister Home, said she had been so often taken as it should be, and would attending a meeting ever since "eleven be, if such appointments' as are made in Salina were made general. o'clock this morning. She hoped the sisSister E. Ogilvie, of Richfield, told us ters would continue to come to these meetthat some time ago she felt impressed to ings. The first patriarchal blessing she received she was told she would have a great send the Exponent to a missionary in deal of sickness which she had passed England; to be given wherever he should through ; she also had a letter read, after think best. She spoke of this to the sisters which the meeting adjourned for two in her ward ; seme of them gave five cents weeks. Singing Doxology; benediction by each to the enterprise, , some ten, and the Sister E. S. Barney. paper had been sent and was doing much Martha Barrow, Sec. pro. km. good. Tliis example might also be; .follow". ed wilh"pro"firby'otIiers7 .. Good reports were gi ven by all 'the sisT 1 1 K WAS I UN G TO N CO . S ILK A S S ' . ters who spoke ; the best of advice was offered by President Bean and her counselThe Washington County Silk Associa- ors ; the work of the secretary shows great tion met on January 4th, 1897, at the resicare and efficiency, and we feel well satisdence of Richard Bentley for the purpose fied with Use present condition of this of Mrs. Sarah P. Alger branch of the Relief Society.. was re elected president, Hannah - C. W. An informal officers meeting was called Bentley Julia A. MacDon-ald- , at President Bean's 'hoiise" after the conferand treasurer. . The organizasecretary ence. Some important questions were here tion purposes buying land and planning a brought forth, talked over and of mulberry orchard, building a cocoonery and as effectually as Sister Freeze disposed and going to work producing silk in a mariner felt. authorized uid able to settle them.myself for profit and.' pleasure, and we trust .J hat Sincerely yours, ' , they will receive ample encouragemenhthat h. L. Greene Richards. ; j s . . e s ' ',. . ' a.-- e - . j ' . '; the-young- -- er NEWS. XOTHS-- D the industry may be made a success. - This rowth cli ma te is M m &M? : t I'.HO.iiN M. Henkotin has ioiin-'- " the ranks of women journalists. V is t in one of t conduct a club department t-- leading New York Sunday papers. The board of directors of ' the Genera' federation' of V.omeu's Clubs will meet i:; Washington- about Feb. 15 and decid : where the next biennial convention. is to !.. held. - '. ' Mrs. IoNii T. II anna, who was tate vSuperintendent of candidate .or Public Instructional the, McKiuley ticket at the recent election in Colorado, is a pioneer suffragist. In the spring of, isj she was nominated for the school board of the East Denver district, and elected by the women, .who turned out and worked Jot her like beavers. Mrs. Ca dwali.a de i G vi iff), "'aiFAineri. can who has .studios in lotli Frankfort and Berlin, is the first. wouian commissioned by the German Government to furnish an art contribution, to the, public buildings. von Stephen has ordered from her two statues representing the IV t and the Telegraph, to be placed on the ne?. General Postofficeln Berlin' ' Pot-mahter-Gener- Miss Fkederika Hassel, of Stock of the pension fund ofholm, the S wedish .Women Teachers' Association, was tendered a public reception by prominent women teacherson her eightieth birthday. Miss Hassel enjoys good health, and is still able to lend a helping hand in managing the fund to the establishment of which she has devoted herself for many ' years. ex-manag- er -- -- When the Colorado House of Rypre-- . smiling." - Ex. R. K.THOMAS Removed to 48 and 50 Main St.. SALT LAKE CITY. The Leading Retail Vice-presiden- t, : ' : . sentatives went into a committee of the whole for the rirst time this session, the trying position of chairman fell upon Mrs. Butler, formerly of Massachusetts. " The Denver A Vivs say "She acquitted herself with credit, though requiring prompting in one instance. A member placed himself in line-fo- r mobbing by trying to tie her up on a parliamentary question. The chairman found no lack of' members to fly to her aid and came, through . , th.e - . -- ( . Cash. House R. KTHOMAi " 