WOMAN'S . ... EXPONENTrr V; " - -- T Counselor Hannah Jones .was pleased to meet vith us, although it had been, a great She was effort to come this evening. pleased to hear Sister $VelIs speak, of the younger sisters becoming workers in. the Society, many of the older members need rct, and one by one they are passing away. Said it was a pleasure to serve the Lord and bore a faithful testimony of this work, had in the Church .years and wished to live faithful to the end of her life. Singing "Mid scenes of confusion." Sister Wells said, "Brethren and sisters! am' very pleased to meet with you, and feel led to speak of the Prophet Joseph." Spoke of his'goodness of heart and said he was one of the humblest of men, was so kind to children. He loved to Jiear vocal music and was fond of poetry, was also very fond of flowers, thought his favorite flower was He loved to see a. cheerful the moss-roscountenance. Spoke of the opportunities of our young people to bceomegreat-wonien,-sa- id the memory of Joseph Smith was sacred to her and she felt particularly anxious that the young 'people should know of his wonderful work and power. Related many other interesting things of Joseph Smith the prophet, how inspired he was. Spoke at; length on the necessity ot the young people being educated that they may be able to take the place of the older members, also upon humility and of the great blessings enjoyed in this Church by all.' Closed her remarks by thanking the sisters for their kind attention and invoked the blessings of the Lord upon all. President Pitchforth felt that the time had been well spent, bore testimony to all that had been said by Sister Wells and related her first experience in this Church. She desired to go on progressing to the end of her life and gain the blessings in store for the faithful. Said to store up grain, we shall need it, andasked 'the Lord to bless all with a continuation of His spirit, that we may work together in unity. Singing "Lord dismiss us with Thy blessing.". Prayer by President Paxinan. Conference adjourned for three months. Ellkn L. Goldsbkougii,. Stake Sec ' Ix-e- n pontics. Sister Maria Nebeker said she had been so much mixed up with temporal things that she felt hungry for the spiritual. The speaker thought that those who were born in, the Church were more careless than those who had made greater sacrifices for the Gospel's sake; therefore she felt to have a great deal of charity for the young. Asked. forty-seve- n . - LADIES' Y MKETING. Minutes of the Ladies' Meeting held in the 14th Ward Assembly Hall Saturday, Oct. 30, 1897, Sister E. J., Stevenson presiding. Singing "0 Jesus the Giver." Prayer by Sister Mary P. Silver.' Singing "0 say what is truth." Sister Stevenson made some opening remarks, urged the sisters t6 read the scripBook of Mormon, also tures, especially-thwas very earnest in her advice to mothers in regard to being careful what ive said be-- , fore our children, felt we had a great over those with whom we came in contact and what an exertion we should make" to have that influence for good. The secretary having arrived the minutes of the previous meeting were read and ac' ; 3- cepted; Sister Hannah Wright bore a most excellent testimony. Singing "The spirit pf God like a fire is burning." . E.1 S. Barney, who had been absent , ,Dr. from the city for about three months, felt 'she had better give an accountof her trip. -- been i n -- Colorado w ith her Said she-h- ad brother and that they had had a very happv She told the sisters not to time together e weary in wen aomg, ana made some Semi-Monthl- y ' e in-fluen- : -- ce the sisters if they did not remember how' happy we were when we asked advice of every kind when President Young was alive;hoped those days would come again. Sister Martha Morris spoke of prayer, said four pfayers were not answered the way we expected them to be, the Lord would show which was beut for us. Sister Rawlings said she had been absent for some time and bore her testimony. Sister Maria Barnes spoke Temple, in-jus- e. SESlI-MONTHL- v'vx'y'O Ytiur Money! rousing good remarks, toucher sngrtuy - of-he'- jwprk, and.saidjvhen it. And when von j,r,t aTlollar, Tr.;.-'- . rt Savings Buiik avin- -, .Company, the ol.lr.--t and larg-Mbank in I'tali. f the ku.lc Sincv the establishment we have opened more than If'ni vn-- i ik-iu- ' with-Xion'- , - accounts. The laws' of ntfH . . Uih permit iruin-!women and abo children w ho are ruhiur-topenVavings accounts in their on name, Subject to their own order. Have . . If nor, (.-you Mich an account' NOW. one t'c pay FIVK Villi CF.-Von any amount fromone dollar to thousands, and compute , IX-TKItl'- T . t interest four times a year. WKITK for any information desired. WlM'OKD WCMJUKL'I F, Pi c.--L Gkokuk M. Cannon, 'Cahit-r.--Nos- . Main Street. r shewas in .theTern pie-i- t was the happiest days of her life. Referred to a blessing Aunt Zina Young gave her in the Temple and how iThad been fulfilled. Said her desire aud intention was to vote for good men, asked God's blessings on all our aged sisters and upon President Woodruff : . President Zina Young said she, had heard so "many sermons today; every word which Said she had been uttered was a gem. heard Joseph Smith say. that "he now turned the key for woman." She knew that he Said those had and that we felt it now. who feared God often spoke one to another, felt we were truly blest when we did come together, and made many beautiful remarks. Said she knew our sisters were good and urged the sisters to read the book of - Covenants. "She fel- t- proud -- of the daughters of Zion and said it was her intention to visit her daughter in Canada, she would be absent for some time Asked the sisters to pray for her that she might do iuch zood while there and also come back home in safety. Prayed God's blessings us all. upon Sister Margaret P. Young spoke upon unity and humility, and knew if 'the "people would all be more united the Lord would'bless us greatly. Sister Sarah Phelps spoke in tongues, which was interpreted by Sister Elizabeth Paul and was a prayer for the daughters of Zion and the rising generation. Sister Julia Samson spoke of the oppression which the people were laboring under at the present time and felt that now was the time which Brother Heber C. Kimball prophecied of. Singing "The trials of the present day." Sister Lydia D. Alder felt the - truthfulness of President Woodruffs remarks when he said that the end was near. Read from the Book of Nephi and the Book of Mormon, felt that the chapter first read applied to us today but ielt that the Lord, would work it around tor us if we would onlv be ' obedient. ' Sister Mary Silver wondered if we appreciated the privilege which we now. enjoy of having the franchise felt we were indeed a privileged people, bore her testimony. Sister E. J r Stevenson maderiewloi-in- g remarks and announced that President Home was at a conference at Gdshen Meeting adjourned for two weeks Singing "There is a feast of fat" things" - etc Benediction by Counselor Elizabeth Webb . all-rig- ht III. V d gl v.- , - 1! r.s I - ti .. - L'.lirAlllin i i 11 'j ii'i l. l I (U Villi. Train!" leave ami arrive S.l' L ke City a? lows. (In effect JJarcn 18, lf.T;: Tbe Oreriflnd Llmired'' for Chloura, i St. Paul. St. LouL. Omaha, , City, Denver anl Park City l'T'be Fai-- t Mil," for Chri;o, M. Kao-a-- Louis, Denver Omaha, Kansas City 7:( 0 a.m. 6 :'i j in. and . ... i thre to iwtlre hurn quicker V nil abort points than any ot!irrtt:ier"" " ARRIVE: Fr.rt-- "Toe Overland Limited," fr m cjtgo, St. Louis, Omnh, Kaunas City, TVnver ahd Park Chiciro, St. Paul. St. Louis, Omaha, Ka:ij; City and rnvr-- . 0 . cit v tick KT o I'i'i ci:, :o i yi in a.c. si. Telephone No. CC5. The only .lint nferftinp Through I'ullmfln Palace Sleeper", Library, B'ifTVt Smoker, inniujr Free Rcellniu!; t'Ua.r Car?, Tourist ' Cars. - - a n. H. CLARK. OLIVER W. MINK'. E. ELLERY AN PERSON, JOHN W. DOANE, FREDERICK K'COUDERT, 5 5 . E. L. LOMAX, G. P. & T. Agt. E. DICKENSON, Gen. Manager. CLAY, General Agent. LU.M. ruuuuuuir. nijuinnnn ru R.K. THOMAi Removed to 48 and 50 Main St... SLT LAKE CITY. : NA II. Bf LL. See ' ; o The Leading Retail , ' r ; ; 