ty-- . ' ,, "' ' ' r AV:.' CONTENTS: All hail el ( 1 ee NEW YEAR'S DAY.' Softly the twilight gathers, ; The curtains of evening fall, in The'Sun had gone down splendor, And crimsoned tiie mountains tall. liVs tr.Tiii o'er the Western, heaven , "..Illumed with a roseate glow; As if 't were a benediction, That the Lord to man would show. . . The day had been ideal, for thy pk-asure- earth shall yield .Speak thou, th.e Of stores full bounteous measure. And we will pour it at thy fett --': That thou m iy'st feast thy vision .' On wealth and products of that soil Men once held in deridon. word--an- d , For scarcely fifty ago These broad and fertile vrdleys We're steriie, tlrear and desolate None dwelt. he re but the savage. - ', s ' s . - Glance now thine eye on yonder lake.' Behold that sunset golden Where fleecy, crimson-tinte- d clouds The snow-clapeaks enfolding. O, wondrous change the years have wrought Since our gallant pioneers " 13 raved countless dangers fearing not Put with the eye of Love d i April's angel, . Had hired it from above; grange lxprtssly hey saw the barren wilderness, Would blossom, bloom and flourish; With cattle on a thousand hillsf The meek and pooc to nourish. ;uuch asttJIolsiovej As sweet as if - Come clamber up the mountain side Yiew hamlet, field and garden Look up the treasure of the hills Our pride then thou wilt pardon.' ' SALT LAKE CITY IS97. O s inne is being planned -- " ! - The-streim- for the seasons greeting The first of the opening year, S'f;gestive, or full of promise, As welcome without a tear. in the air was a Sabbath spirit, The spirit of lovelit peace, .,'; Care had its pinions folded, Had given the world release v rare as are "'Angels ""visits, Per haps they were hovering nigh. Unseen by the common senses, But:felt by a keener tie ? - The. earth wore a snow-whit- e mantle From valley to mountain peak, Which suii'kissed wept and melted, As 't were when the spring first speaks. " I hailed the day at its dawning, loved it as on it ilew", And its evening shadows filled me, With dreams that may yeiCOJne true. 1 'Twas'an omen of good most surely, A porte n tof happie r times, For. the poor--th- e. toiling millions, Who greeted the New Year's chimes; Work is the needed blessing, -And pay when 'tis earned at last, That the smiling, wife and children, May. forget the1 fearful past And surely the morning davvneth, The break of the day is nigh, I hail it while this day's shadows! over the starlit sky'.v Creep When this year's curtain falleth, If the Christ hath not appeared, 'Tis that much nearer toiler, Jet thy waiting heart be cheered. : - H. W. Naisbett. -- . . 1 : -ii- - Here they unfurled the stars and stripes An ensign to the nations, Then bowed in reverence to Him Whose arm was their-salvatio- . And now in this their We witness their predictions - Fulfilled, applaud them for their faith And honor their convictions. All blessing on their silvered heads Though few with us remaining, A mighty monument they've reared Our lasting homage claiming. r Ring the bells for ninety-seve- n ; a have , Let's great rejoicing-and peace abound love Forgiveness, The ancient custom voicing. Praise Him who led us to these vales, With song and acclamation, ' And give those grand old pioneers, A glorious ovation. . . . R. . M. F. h. M. H. En sign peak. THE MODERN ESTHER ! . , ; No. j may be ltTuctaht and must of stern necessity bow t'6 u inevitable. Yomeri are pressing their .way. into almost every profession if nil into places once monopolized ..by men. They have long been demanding- equal opportunities of higher- - education, arid" now the foremost universities in the wojTd ,are rejoicingly welcoming them. And we have not been informed of any calamitous consequences following yyhieh the..peijsim,istic-propljet- spredicted. Woman cannot get away from herself, and so long as she is what she is we have no grave apprehensions that the relation othe sexes will be radically altered. ''Yet without unsexing herself or violating any of the cherished proprieties, she is undoubtedly coining to the front. A quaint old preacher commenting upon" the saying of our Lord" " She hath done what she could,'' very pithily added, "Yes and she has done what she thought she wouldn't." An overwhelming majority of church members all over the civilized World are women and the great bulk of the work is done by the women; the visitation of' the sick, the clothing of the poor, the teaching of the Sunday and mission schools, industrial school work, Hospital Work, homes for the friendless, "refuges' for erring women, orphanages, all manner of charitable institutions. If woman Ti'as foremost t-the fall, .she is fust and foremost in every enterprise that. has for its..object the uplifting of humanity and the glory of God. Women7 are banding themselves together for assisting in. the world's evangelization both at home and abroad, organizing training schools for the purpose of sending out Bible readers by the hundreds,"ratsing money. by the hundred thousand, and thousands have administered 'these affairs with an energy and ability that has fairly, put the men to shame, It is evident that the Great All Father is calling out all the reserves and marshalling them for the last decisive conflict, the millions of stalwart men, the wonien' a mighty host, and the badged and bannered young people flushed with enthusiasm and girded .with high, resolve for noble deeds. All hail' to all of these moving armies!, atid if any pessimistic looker on is afraid that somebody will go too far, let him fall into line and begin marching on, keeping step with time and it will not be very long before he will find, hi m sel f fearing that nobody will go half far enough. . - J.t-ave- s is97; M'en. the year of jubilee Proud Utah sends' thee greeting ' Th'- hills and vales thy welcome ring with joy are leaping., II. National Foster Avery. Modern Esther Annual Meeting-Rach.im-ricaFrom My Journal Kim. U. W. P. C R. S. Reports. In Metnomm. )r ivlle Curtis Sec. ,n (iilering Of LoveM. A. Ball.- AS. L.. Co. Curious V. S. A: Cassie C. Newman, Sec. Prophecy.-- The Woman's Congress In Berlin Notes And News. Khz Ichenhauser. Home Industries And Home ProKniTOKlAL: ductions. Editorial Notes. Holiday Weddings. A Ouict Home Veddhng. Holiday Wedding j;t. ls. Another Holiday Wedding. Toktky: New Years' DayH. W. Naisbett. R: M. F. 'Utah Oritlle The Year Curtis. A Rosebud. After All Hyac.nth. Un-- k (juited L. M. H. The i, THE YEAR Or jUHILEE, -- L. M. ; All our FnenJs and Patrons. sAir eake city, ijtaie January Vol.. 25. Of-Jubil- ) 'car to She has comeno mistakeabout that. and And she has come to the kingdotii-tphas world had its age feigns' a queen. Thd oT of. and of bronze, its age iron gold, sonie affirm that this is the age of paper, others ' call it the age ofsUver but this is inently the age of woman. ; Deborah has arisen, Joan of Arc has taken the field and' Esther has mounted the throne, o, pre-em- I Mrs. Bklva A. Eockwood, of Washington, who was one of the delegates from the United; States to the second International Congresses held at Geneva," Switzerland, in September last, to4 consider the adminis-tratio- n of public charities and the protection . of children, has made an instructive report to the Department of State. ' F. FiKLDa daughter of the Eugene-Eiellate is making a beginning ' as a public reader. She reads only front' her father's writings., - Missry d, ' ; 