r " it n a hit brow V.--- I ' . . - ' ' ' Utah, thomdi ToriH.-'rvr;,.,.;";., . 1 Airs. AVells is the .daughter 'of i nomas ' . ; he is at present connected "witli -t- ti'e" 'Co'm- 'colt!,.. r Ibe iate'. Kx. en nniiffl51' tliro' ills all and love on oa Love lilHhey die." mercial National Hank i if "thist city, fay()r Jennings of his city and is alo on and well is andin known and r favorably of the It is always pleasant the maternal side gratifying to business and in here. , society W. II Hooper, one of the first hive young people marry happily, and in lateCapt. The bride is a Utah girr'and is. the delegates to Congress lrom this Territory. the three weddings noticed here all the on the .maternal side of the Lieut, and Mrs". Wells are both, very circumstances are favorable and everything late K. Newel " BUhop Whitney who was' if one may the marriage is indicates "solid Jijippiness, one of the founders"of .Sears is 'looked I'lah, Miss acquaintance, herself upon by all paitirs as m brilliant jude by.- appearances and ' well'knowu in not particularly only with the young people; In our belief we union, and although for .the present duty in father's-assistanSalt society but as her Lake, calls them hence, yet in the near future it have not only-- desire for union here but in the of Chamber Commerce is hoped they may return to. make their for. the eternal marriage in which we most when he wa- - Secretary of that board, and and1 undoubtingiy hoj)e that also in the office firmly believe, permanent home in this city, where they, of the where have a large circle of relatives and lricnds all the young people in whose marriages we she has. been as for the employed manager who will be proud and bajpy to welcome are so deeply interested may 'bo so happy, last live years, whenever the editor 'has them back to Zion. ...... that they may continue throughout the been and. assisting-more- , absent, or less at The Kxi'onknt adds its best wishes' for ... denial ages to come. ". all times in the different departments, their future happiness, and may their life of .editorial and other work on ' the paper, be as serene and pro.perous as their nearest Miss Sears was also Secretary (f the Wo- - and A QUILT HOME WKDDIXO. dearest friends could desire. man's Republican League of the Territory " Love's History as Life's is ended not - "In lor some time. peace Love lunts the shepherd's it ed, 1: The Jixi'ON XT extends most sincere In war he, mounts the warrior's sited; TSy marriage." and. wishes to ... the newly; Jn halls in gay attire is seei, 'MaYf iage is Hie miracle,"."' married couple, long life and A happy and In hamlets dances on the green. The wonder, daily fresh." Love rules the court, the. camp, th' grove prosjerous voyage on the fair sea of matriAnd man helowv and saints ah()ke; At the residence of Hon. and Mrs. I. M. mony. For love is heawn ami heaven' is love '" Sears, Thorndyke, Last Waterloo; on Tues' Th- - joys of marrmj-- are the fceaven. 'on t arth, day, December 29, 1896 at 5.45 p. m., Life's paradise, reat princess, the sou ijuiet ' Miss. Isabel Sears and Mr. Charles William Sinews of concord, earthly immortality, F. Buchholz were united in marriage.- AXOTIIKR HOLIDAY WKDDIXO, I'ternity if pleasures.', On account of Mr. and Mrs. Sears being detained in Chicago because of the illness "Love' is ought to he our great' 4 HOLIDAY WHDDIXG BKLLS. of .their daughter Krama, the affair' was Since every otlitrjoy how deaf r, Giies way for th.it and we leave all f r love." (juiet and only a few guests, "near relatives ' The voice general were present. Sounds him, for courtesy, behavior, language, Miss Kdna Lambert and Mr. Kugene The parlors were tastefully decorated And fiir an ev'ry demeanor, example; M Cannon of this city were united in marwith holly, and red carnations, symbols of of Titles honor add to not hi's'weahh, riage at noon on Friday, January 1, 897, holiday time, and it is needless to add the is Who his himself an to honor title." in the Salt Lake Temple, President Angus bride. charming in old rose'silk trimmed with chiffon and lace, and carried white On Wednesday, December 30, 1896 at M. Cannon of the Salt Lake Stake of Zion and father 'of' the bridegroom, performing .roses; -- 7 Her uncle, Gen,; John Q. Cannon, high' noon in the Salt Lake Temple, Lieut. the solemn ceremony. gave her away, and her, cousin Bishop Briaut Harris Wells and Miss Mary Jane The bridiiixLauLriiiix t xX iciirge Orson F. Whitney solemnized the marriage Jeriruilgia were united. in attt rir Ksq. of tlie Lambert Paper Co., w:iilu:ude thtrtJfilte and bridegroom hus-- " Bishop John R. Winder. An informal bantl and wife. The ceremony was wedding reception was held at the residence and a very sweet and amiable young girl; the young husband has just recently revery impressive and the eloquent words of of the bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs. honorablv a mission of the Bishop were like a sweet Psalm set to Thomas W. Jennings from., .two to- five p. .1turned from . fillinir ?V r f 10 iiieiM)cieA inree y'ear 'music.. ...... .. .. ui.- - The happy bride and bridegroom- recourtship, if,we may be excused the term, n ceived Congratulations and pleasant conversa-tiocongratulations under a" bower of dates back to their childhood, and judging followed and at seven p. m. dinner vines and the handsome parlors were prowas announced. The table decorations fusely and beautifully decorated with holly, from appearances they have always been in love with each other. were lovely, besides the holly and carna"red carnations and the trailing smilax. tions there were vases of magnificent pink The bridegroom in his uniform and the "But they were. yo'ung ; Oh what without our and white rosesy that added enjoyment to "bride; in a tight fitting blue cloth traveling' youth, the K'.ast. While the would youth be without party were still at dress of the latest style, made a striking Would love be table a 'telegram was received from the picture as they stood to receive their guests, love ? parents of the bride in Chicago, of love, Who were mostly relatives of the two Youth lends it joy, and sweetness, vigor, truth blessing and congratulations, with regrets .families. Heart, soul, and ajl that seems as from above." that they could not be present reference to the Delicious refreshments were daintily time proved that the dispatch hacl been written served in an adjoining room; and the jubiA wedding reception was given at the at almost the exact moment that the., cerembride's parents in the evening (New Year's lance of the happy occasion was only lessendeed by the thought of the immediate ony-of marriage was taking place. night J a most-- , auspicious time, and surely, ine party at dinner besides the bride and parture of the young people from home. everything indicates a long and happy life bridegroom were Bishop Whitnev,. Mrs. The young JJeut.. is stationed with his for this very young couple, who have, startH.. B: Wells, Gen. John Q. Cannon and regiment at Fort Yates, North Dakota, ed out so well and under such favorable wife, Mf. and Mrs Fred Home and vhither Lieut, "and ...Mrs. Wells departed conditions. The guests were very numerous though daughter (cousins of the bridegroom,) Miss on their wedding jouruey the same evening. es bears, the bride's "sister, and ; two of her and' congratulations1 threshold led tiie "Across ; r were even more than the .brothers, Eugene and Brenton. "f " off as soon as shed kissed And tear every The evening was very assembled guests, for many "were sent; by agreeably spent in His house she enters there to be a light, those w;ho could not be present in person." conversation and music, vocal and instruall without is night; within when Shining mental. Delicious refreshments wrere served on ' A guardian angel o'er his life presiding,tete a tete tables and there was joy and what a volume in a word, an ocean in a Doubling his pleasures and his cares dividing. merriment and nothing at all to mar the ,. tear, t son of Gen. liappniess 01 the party. Lieut. Wells is the youngest A seventh heaven in a glance, a whirlwind in a D. H. and Mrs. Martha G. Wells, and is Again the Exponent extends heartfelt the brother of Governor Heber M. .Wells. congratulations and hopes and believes The lightning in a a in a millenium moment touch, II e gradin ted a s a cadet, at We st Poi n t thesertlevoted "young people "who have startT7" u;nat concentrated joy or ,woe in or three years ago and is well worthy of the ed out to begin life together will be , worthy '. hhghted love." title and honors he bears rand we are proud all the blessings mortals are permitted to . : Mr. Buchholz has been some credit to the service: enjoy in this world. i years in to say a m-Ve- r i - j - ! grand-daughte- . -- grand-daughte- r ' ... attract4V-a-nd-jMpularra"n- (l ' - t . a , Kxi-unkn- t ' ' . j j - . . con-gratulation- ' self-begettin- life-lon- - sx g g . . . e . t r-- sn-v- !i-- s. t 1 A-as Cr-Lainb- - - . fL : . .1 . . 1 . " . ' ! ?-- - - ; ; . , nearly-all-relativ- ' - ve; ' ' ' . " -- - bfc-s- t : ' . 4 '. - ... . 