4 a drildren can engage in it. - - She steep;, her troubles here are o'er, sleeps Jar earthly ills no more iHi cocoons, the eggs and pamphlet th-i of instructions are furnished by to Mrs. Margaret for which apply is A, Cair.e, Secretary, Salt Lake City; she working through the Stale in the silk in tercet. The sisters of Cache 'are doing a good work in silk, and intend exhibiting at the Fair; they have material for dress goods all silk. Sister Woodbury of St., George has an excellent article on silk published in the KxroNKNT. Sister. Barler of Cache is a very bticcvssful worker in silk; it is an industry in which women and children can Stoke at some length engage profitably. :d gave much encouragement upon this raii;.U e f . industry. Sister reported Com-js.n- - Tanner, Second wanf Pay son. they were assisting to build semi-monthl- y -- our holy religion, etc. President Martha Simons; Payson First reported they had about one him members m their Society. '"We given considerable relief to .those in we have about six hundred bushels of wheat on hand." Spoke encouragingly of ward, dred have need, .the silk 'Brother John Nuttall said'' many, god things. " Reports have been given and Sis ter ells informs me the silk interest comes under the auspices of the Relief Society which I commend. In regard tf'the sisters of the Relief Society Assisting to build ward houses, it is expected they perforin their own affairs and business under the guidance of the Priesthood, so whatever you launch out in, such as storing grain, relieving the poor or raising silk, comes cnderyour own province; I want , the world to know what we are doing in. these industries. Our missionaries go to preach the Gospel and our women delegates go to the nations to explain the great and good work we are doing; ladies of the world are astonished at the vast work we do. Silk deling and not spinning is desired; I wish fhis industry widely known. ' Told of the : - -Ptu- the Church, and to' make your property secure. The .Mutual Improvement and Sunday Schools and Primaries are later organizations; they are making progress and advancement. Are you my. sisters making strides' commensurate with the object in view? Do not - hiwituu uui advance wuenever vou can, and wake up t0 attend your Conferences " and work in harmony throughout the rnaie. l do not tlun'k this Society 'progresses as much as it could if you were more earnest. I wish the sisters to write down question tliey desire to ask, and a place will be appointed to thisejid that you can gain information on to your Society; attend the call and ' show an interest in, 'these matters. I do not Uill break the slumberers-rest- . Her dust is laiti beneath the sod Her spirit has returned to God To mingle with the blest." ! , j Young-gav- e s-Presiden1rBrighara "The braiding of straw has gone into use since finer goods are imported, it dis- this, should not be the case; work in these ings and do so under the auspices of ihe Relief Society that being the oldest organ Nation for women among us. I intended Presenting matters of our legal organization ut will caPi a special meeting for this pur- PSeXlS .th.eft icL rirvf o ll rAnrPirfntntinn irora "each Society in the County present, some sisters think we have inaugurated a new order of business bufcat is mainly to -- fi-- i Cl.viussaMoore, . ; Millie Stark,' .NfAUV P.LENKEV- I H. MAR CARET A. II. WHITE. ..- Sister Margaret Ann Hill White, daughter of Pjtriafch Alexander Hi and Agnes Hood Hill, died at her home in Mill Creek ward. Salt Iike 1 . Co., April. 9, 1S97. aft-- a long and painful illness which she bore with patimce and fortitude She was born May I, lS v4,.at Ielhoosea, Canad.i, and was bapt zed whtn s!ie was ei lit yea's old. She with her parents, brothers and sisters, shared the Nauvoo pt rsecutons of the Saints in Missouri and emigrated to Utah in tlit fall of 1S49. She was married to Elder George Mar in Wh te in Dec. 1S63, (Bother V ite died on the 5th ot liiemotf August. iSo.) She-wfive sons th ee and Htr son ren, .daughters M. is White mi si.m now on a to the " George a-- wanHheislefs icr-oXei- as but get the brethren' to" assist you in your May the Lord bless you In undertakings. your labors, amen.-Bishop, Robinson said' provisions had been made to entertain the visitors, and he would see "the teams were fed and taken care of. Benediction by Bishop Robinson. Sister John stated a telegram had been received that. SisterZina Youtig anil Card would, be with us this afternoon, they having missed the train this morning. ,. 1 ht-clii- ld Northern States. Sister White was one of the fir.--t to have her. name enrolled as a member of the Relief Society when ir was organized in the MilPCreek ward. She has filled the oflice of a teache 'faithfully and ethctently, seeking out the poor and the needy and ministering to them wjth a loving and a : cheerful spirit. a also was teacher in the Sunday school, "She . - . - Committee. subjects-pertainin- a. meeting house, and had furnished large quantity of carpet for the .same. ' We are doing a good wprk in our Society duties." Shier Frances ClufT, Pleasant View, Provo aid " We hold our regular meeting meetion fast day and have a ng,- we send aids to the different associa I hope the tions which we find a help. Lord will continue tp bless us." President Rebecca Standririg of Lehi said " We endeavor to do the. best we can; we meet on a Monday and have an attendance of from seventy to eighty and sometimes, one hundred. We 'enjoy a good spirit some of the young sisters meet with us, our wheat is in good condition." Hoped the sisters would raise, cocoons, it is not hard or obnoxious work, she took quite a delight in it, had silk she wished woven for a dress. Bore her testimony to the truth of ' Bu!..u:rm m . ' performing-- . a noble pari. - She was I ever work ng for the welfare of Zion. She was a firm believer in home industry, not alone in theory but in practice. When the silk organization was effected in Continued) the ,. wardj she was elected president and with her associates accompli bed a good work in that direction. We have visited her when she was usy with the silk worms; it was a delight to see with what IN MEMORIAM. care she tended to their necessities, also to listen to the instructions she was always ready to give. KKSOLl'TIONS OF KESPECT. She was a kind and loing mother; in her long sickness she was attended to by her devoted Sister PI. ebe Adams Hancock died at Paysont daughters, and muci praise is due them for their Utah. Feb 4, 1897. She was bom June 7, 1S11 a tiring effo ts hi ministering to the loved one. was New York. She the Ontario Middlesex Co., Her"children, wifi the execption of the son on a daughter of Jsaac and IJets Adams, was married mission, were all present in ?;er last moments, to Solomon Hancock JunesS, 1S36, joined the wh ch were peaceful and happy. Saints the Church of Jesus Christ of Litter-daShe leave a large jaimber, of children, grand same vear and tMiiieraTeTrrtrtti.oui i. Came tu 'ctnliTfUii, relatives andtri ends to mourn her Utah in iSio aud io Payson in 1852'. and ha lived but with hope of a glorious V in this community ever since that time. Sister Write died as she had lived, a faithful Latter-daSaint. In behalf of die Relief Society and to sons' o.ie three leaves She daughter we our deepest sympathy to the bereaved tender a widow lived She her. nearly nfty maim for friend and a la orer has been called Our family. vears and supported her lami'y unfer many midst to another sphere. May we who from our in first the Relief hardships. She was an ofticer emulate her many virtues so that when remain Society organized by Joseph Smith the Propliet it may be said of us, also, home called are at Lima. Illinois. Se was also the first counselor we " Well done, thou hast been good and faithful, to the' president, Siter Rachel Drollinger, when into thy rest." in enter was L 1S56, Relief organized Society the Payson services in the Mill funeral held were The At for the held which position she many years. CreekWard Counselor ich in R. Miller Elizabeth house, Jas. wi reorganization of the Society A services. the Of conducted number large w.ia lant was rresiueiu, 01s ci 1 'nuc - sseml led to friends and relatives pay their last elected Treasurer. of hands tribute Loving respect. p'aced beauti- She suffered' mobbings" and was driven with lul nowers the singing was upon the casket he'Saints. from Missouri, and drove her own much and The very appreciated. appropriate earn across, the plains from Winter Quarters. Brother E. were of the Joseph Taylor speakers Therefore, whereas our Heavenly Father 'has Stake Bi hop McRae, Bishop HamilPresi encvr called her away from earth and ouirnidst to;a ton, of Mill 'Creek, ai d other ward authorities, higher sphere, we miss our beloved sisteftheand h of whom bore a strong testimony of the ea her long jpr good Resolve, To remember worth and works of our departed sister. A large she has accomplished while with us;, and further number of carriages followed the remains to the . it is ward cemetery. The dedicatory prayer was " the Second offered by Patriarch Archibald Hill, now in his Resolved,. That the members df cherish her eighty-firs- t ward Relief Society of Payson, year uncle to ur departed sister. emulate perseverance, her. energies, mpmnrv Elizabeth Hill, President, and viripes through many persecu-tir.n-- s Frances H, Hanson, Secretary. and trials of faith connected, with the work of godliness, benevolence, kindness and chanty; for she was affectionately known as Aunt AN INTERESTING TIME. Phebe " Also 'ha t we becom eJ ike unto h er in all meekness'and humility. She. was kind and On Saturday February 6, 1897, tue an- generousto the poor, ever .ready to do good. uv. mtoo .twiunuj RESOLVED, i nat a copy nual and quadrennial meeting of the Seven irest-nte- d to the family in behalf of out Society, teenth ward Relief Society took place at 10 bu4he Presidents and Secretary, one be placed Wo a. m. in the Relief Society hall, President .mrtn nnr records and be. published in the the with following appropriate Bathsheba W. Smith presiding:The mam man's Exponent selected lines. was to elect aboard of object" of the 11 y . ot y -- ikjula .. ' long-sufferi- ' ng meeting " She's gone her work on earth is done, Her battle fought, her race is run, For she espousal a g orious cause In prompt poeaience 10 uic jw Of the Etei rial. God. - directors to act during the ensuing four years This was enacted with the following result: President, Sophia Nuttall; second Johanna Brobery; Secretary, Vice-Preside- nt, - 