' WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 31 t with all licr oauy riuv-mv.,te )I11,Jer the daises .ana KusU.rt-wl'e- re tl.cy Vf. " Corn, imt ,Vtmt JUt ibe stormy uu. oume nereanu ihere. 01 .one spots are mKau,6 cue s ulrn Atlantic.a camc.lit little .Sea- .))ni..u-TWjrMJuna....- rc,L the homes of the .Saints. truly pLi.trus.jue. After a I',w-- at-Bish,.- .. .1 Af S Ur., Ellis R. Ship) then read an interest-- . i"K and on the Society.' WuJim tatabbXKnl Cw followed, ,.,: !. :i T , .,(.-..- tiCKrtrxrrr---:',,.ia i,er wdfwHte," i.:v. bcV, Ueq,ly interested . J Ml' W't'l' II W 1)11 11H" IIICII ' VII.CT fiy vl .1 l i iN1r .li l "i from she Zion earth. to passed i im the way cussion fallowed and the club adjoimicd. t.je meetings, all so happy and generous. ,, .. i ii s on uiiik-river ine is bounteous. For miles aild' The .steam boatianding Aimi;j: C. Schii.i.kr, Asst. Sec. is laid tendershe and is miles on either' side of "the road the wheat dug a litt' grave the rough boatmen drop on dry farms is very heavy and abundant. ly away. Kven IN ME MORI AM: the tear of sympathy on the lonely little Some of the party exclaim: "It is marresumes her and boat velous!" way If "the world could but see such moiiiul, the MELISSA LOrr SMITH WILMS. Yet she too of her bereft baby. grain raised without a drop of water, they auntie is On the morning of Juty 13, we were called upon is at rest the evening breeze sighing over would say the day of miracles Was not past. to wilh or;? of .ur ta AWi$ iirul etr laborEverywhere it' is the same, the earth is ers, part the mountain soothes her dreamless sleep. .NTt lissa Lou Smith evcruy-fou'- r yielding in her strength for the sustenance yos and six months. Sis:er aged Near her lies Eliza who lived WJihs was one of on the journey. of man. July 24 in the forenoon another the frst teachers in the Rc iff. 'Society of eht short years, which was organized in the year 186S, and in Cousins .William and Bailey "are near with Make of Ziou is formed named the Ihnnock 1870 she wn. appointed president of the same, My lips frame4 a while the old B inmck is changed to Freother grandchildren. which position she faithfully filled until iS Thus Zion spreads and grows. when she, was sustain d as one of the counselors 0, auntie are you happy now on mont. prayer. ones? all little Shorevwith Piesid.ent Lewis S. Fond is chosen Presito President Standrin-- , acting in that capacity at your the Kcholess ' 'the time of her dt mie. Ueing one of the early Leah is with. us, auntie's prechms dint of the new Stake. , Cousin exct edin !y iml and The afternoon service is devoted to a settlers in Lelii and of anSisk-daughter whom she left a youthful bride. charitable disposition, was ca led little daughter now and Memorial. lor theIartyrs of the Maine. upon uupumberid limes to iitWillis She has the sick, atilicU-The story of the treachery that led to tlieir au d ii; and administer to their wants, bot h phytwo sous. aid spirtU! dly, and many can testify that And auntie's sons; they have many sons death was eloquently told by Prof. Hick- - sically a Iriend to them in verv deed, has die and daughters now who love to hear of man of Preston. The Sabbath day and s h.iving words of yrnpaihy ad counsel to In this solemn giv those who were in net 'd T hough calk d upAnd all are doing the theme are affecting. their grandparents. on to pass t rouh much trial and tribulation will laboring under the Gospel Banner, quiet far away from the busy marts of men, in this urove 'of nonlar. trees, the world lister Vi Us has never t;ecn heard to "murmur "or magnifying offices of trust and all in the but felt to acknowledge the hand of with its treachery seems very far away, complain, : faith. God in all things, proving faithful through it all. And although we are called upon to mourn the The shadows have grown long, the full Choice music interspersed with" national of a dear friend we know she is at rest and loss moon just peeping over the mountains, airs was rendered by the Oneida Stake associati g with those loved ones s' e so olten where it hangs low in the sky, the Bear choir under the efficient leadership of Prof. in life, the happ. meeting she so about talked v here the faithful receive tbeir Lake catching and reflecting the beams on Kdwaids. A talented young lady, Miss for longed just of Bishop Parkinson of reward, and we feel to say all is web with her. peaceful bosom, looks like a sea of glass Elvathej-laugliteof Preston, feelingly rented the" poem.; .."Ileso ved, That wc 'place .these sentiments on in the moon's full glory. our records, one l)e sent to th hereavtd family, the floating stars and and A quiet Fourth, spent on the island far up "Hispania" under one tojhe "K pi nt nt" for publication. for KEiurccA Standkixo, President, in the canon. Friends chatting, a nice stripes. A generous" sur.- was given the monument Hakkii-- Jac.ous, Counselor, liule program carried out, races run amid A. Ror.KkTS, Secre'aiy. 'M. July 25 impressive addresses by Apostles the glee of the children, a quiet visit with and Cowley, also President ELIZAl'.ETH 'I1KWICK COLLINfJS. Nature in her tangled, leafy dress, then, Merrill, Grant Seven-titv, of By repiest of President Julia P. I inelsay I for-Visit follows S. B. Young of the First Quorum home again to the towu. and Patriarch John Smith, rd the following notice of the death of Stake visit until we have met all our cousins in of the Kehef Society, Sister Elizabeth counselor President George C. Parkinson . feelingly A pleasant little tea at their own homes. bade the,Saints goodbye over whom lie had Codings was horn September Elizabeth Ik wick Col President Hart's by invitation of his' amibeen presiding so long; love was the bur-- , 1 V"iSi3. at Sunderland, ings England.. Sue was marable wife, meeting in friendly converse her den of his words, while God's blersing was ried to James Coilings August 3. 1834, was bp-- t sister, Mrs. Sam Hill of Salt Lake. zed into the Church of Jesus Christ of Latters-w,,- ,. invoked on them forever. By request meeting with the Relief Soci day SaintsDtcembef6,i89,at Deptford,Ktnt,Eng-ln- d of v full is "oood sad orld The Byes,': and emigrated to An erica in 1S34. She M. etv and Y. L. I. A the sisters loving: fallscrossed the piains in i860 in Jesse Murphy 's corn- tfcp parting tear; Ajutufuui and kind, the time is agreeably spent pany, walking most ol tne way anu dnvi g cows Our lives are changed, our hearts art numb, Then the farewell reunion at the old Dun-forin turn with tlv other sisters. She arrived in Old paths diverging here. home with its wide porches and genSalt Lake in August 1SO0, She and her husband 1S62 where they moved to Logan, Cache erous rooms, now, the property of cousin And now farewell to our friends in GenJS'16 until whe to" Pari, resided moved they Oliver C. Dunford where he resides since tile Valley, as we turn our faces homeward. Idaho. his return from his New Zealand mission. A sense of gratitude wells up in the heart When the Relief Society was first organized in The' tables are spread under the trees with to Goi for His love and care over us, and Paris, Idaho, in 1S6S she was a teacher; when it the bounties of earth, around, which all thanksgiving that we are safely home once was reorganized in 1872 she was chosen counselor to President Julia P Lindsay, in which .position At last goodbye more. gather large and small. she labored until a Stake organization was a fleetin the room sanctified by their mother's IvYDIA D. ALDKK. ed in 1S79, when she was cailed to act as first counselor to President Julia .P Lindsay in a dying breath, which hallows it still "and July, 1S9S. Stake capacity, which position she held until her falls like a benediction as one enters there. death which took place on, 'he 14th of Jine, 1S9S. Goodbye to Bear Lake and to friends, lovwas the mother of eight children, four of She U. W. P. C. Tears fall as the ing ones ""Goodbye.'' wlicm are still Ii ing, and has thirty-fou- r grandwords are uttered. children. Farewell, farewell, it She has taken the "Exponent" for ten jears. The regular meeting of the Utah Womay be for years and it may be forever. She has dam' work in the Temple for all of her Midnight at Montpelier,:then away again man's Press Club was held in the "Expeople as far back as she could secure their into the darkness. Karly morning at Cache ponent" office, Saturday evening, July 30, names. She was devoted to her husband who Junction then up through lovely Gache 1S98. Opening prayer ,by Phebe C. Young, survives he-- , and they were like lovers up to the time of her death. Valley, past Logan where the Temple after which the secretary called tne roil, She lived and died A faithful Latter-daSaint, " clearly shows through the morning mist's. responsive patriotic sentiments being given. and was beloved by all who knew "'her: We stop at Whitney and are met by, my The subject of incorporating the club N. H. Allked, Sec. , St. Charles, Idaho, August 3, 1S9S by the president, but 'no two'stal wart sons, ajjd soon kiss .daughter on laid was Eliza and the baby'. Days pass by visiting action being taken the matter It was loved ones in Preston and Franklin. the table until next meeting. MEETING. Dinner With Cousin George ou his birth- moved and seconded that the next regular LADIES day made happy by 4he presence of his .iiieeting" would not be until September 30, 'Minutes of the Ladies i ni the meantime an outing at Saltair would charming wife and family. was made by Dr. ' 13y invitation meeting held in the 14th ward Assembly July 24 finds us at the con- he given; a motion that the day for this outing should hall June 18, 1898, President M. I. Home ference in Gentile Valley. What a pretty - ar- the,, strength of presiding. Singing "For, picture Thp Rpar river winding" its way be August 17th, providing sausiacior' ' w:e bless thee. the hills Prayer by Sister. in and out, dense willows on its banks w;ith rangemeuts could be made. . - i- 'iv-y.- V i ort-r.- ..-- i I . """ . The-harves- -- but-twelv- Wi-Ii- e then-reste- I - j V ; r . j j b-- tn al-w- a j ; , ! " t j , j - j I j r -- - . - t - w . - .- 1 -- T- d CcV:,-i- ii 1 ; ' .'',''' 1 y was-mentione- SEMI-MONTHL- Y Semi-monthl- ! j y : 