.WOMAN'S EXPONENT. .? . . rk irr , Exponent EM MB LIME 'J. WELLS, -- It Is. t imefc now;, thaUl! d- -- jraedltf this ANSIS WELLS CASNON yCa'it"). in Salt Lake City, Utah. Published Terms: one copy one year, i.oo; one copy six months, 50 cts. No reduction made tor clubs. City papers deliv ered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 eta. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonprj-c- UUCldJ liiJkaiff One fun f2 CO" OdT montn. H.OO. advertisers. county to seini-inoathl- y, r refir-ila- Templeton, South TemFrom 10 a. m: to 5 p. m. every ple Street. IWsnrss hours " ; except Sunday. day, , ' Address all business communications to PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT. EXPONENT office. Room 208 tke Post Qfict in Salt Late City, Utah, as matter . - , Salt Lakk City, February 15 & March 1, 1S9S. EIGHTY YEARS AND MORE THE PRESENT INDICATIONS. Iizabkth Cadv Stanton has "blishenjookrTelmTniscences of her life under the taking title long of "Eighty Years and More;" Mrs. Stan-tchas dedicated the book to Susan B. a Anthony, her steaafast friend for half r . century. The author's vivid descriptions of Mrs; Tin: times are replete with news of disaster and war cry from various quarters of trie earth; and though here in Utah there is less of he confusion 'that stfems so apparent itrmany places, yet we doubt not Utah will have mor or less that will be. momentous, and that will require Wisdom- and to withstand. Some people are really of the opinion that there will be war in the United States, or on its borders, in which, the country will be obliged to participate. The condition of Cuba does seem deplorable and naturally one would think that this country should send help and re. lief if not wholly to espouse her cause Clara .Barton has started for the scene of the disaster and is well qualified to undertake the work of relieving the" sufferers as far. as human aid and woman's tender minisMeantitnethe tration can alleviate pain. naval United States is sending two ships to the island with provisions forthlTsiifierersT The supplies were furnished by the New York Cuban Relief Society. The various opinions concerning the Maine seem to be resolving themselves into one view which some took from the beginning, that it was accidental, which certainly is a charitable construction xtd put upon a very serious matter; The trial and con viction of Fhnile Zola has turned the heads of halCthe people in Paris now that he has actually been sentenced it is to be hoped they will cease their uproar and that peace may prevail, at least for ' ; . . a time. But that there will be peace altogether is too much to expect, for the Scriptures must be, fulfilled' and also the prophecies of moIt is really refreshing, howdern prophets. ever, that as the Spring opens prosperity heightens for the people who have risked their lives in the gold regions of Alaska; . but it seems strange to state that thousands of women arf preparing to go to the Klondike district as soon as Spring opens. Far better would it be to stay at home and follow some domestic employment-sucas to is sure which sericulture bring safe turns for laborthan to risk life and limb for fabulous gold which is really more like-fable than a real fact, whereas it is known that silk in a salable condition is marketable. It does not appear natural" that women "should be gold hunters but to raise .'silk worms and .reel silk has always been remunerative, ever since -- fabric became known.-- iinz good-judgmen- -- . y - . h . a al-vva- . . . Salt Lake City, Utah. second-clas- s lnduitril6u!d;jiat . " Entirtd at $J5 e2ii preparations and be ready for a start when-the Spring opens. There are thousands of mulberry trees in the State arid the leaves might be utilized to good advantage; and idleness is rampant in the towns and cities. Even men' need not '.be ashamed of this .employment, it is tniite as much in their line as tailoring and many other' things; . but it does' require thought and investiga-' I tjon and now is the time to begin to study. ( the art of raising silk worms. Several books have been published by those who were desirous of encouraging this industry and are given away. Tne Utah Silk Commission have some published recently which Can be obtained on application, and there are a hundred or more in this. office which we have permission to distribute. Editor. . V! ys and-eventfu- l n t - places and people as well as incidents are f given in a charming style and true to sature and to facts, told in such a characteristic way that One is impressed with the matter because it is so natural as to appeal direct to the heart of the reader. Mrs. Stanton was born at Johnstown, N. Y., and was the daughter of Daniel Cady, a distinguished lawyer and judge and who was elected to Congress the year of the little Elizabeth's birth. J11 the book she writes of the fact thus: "Perhaps the excitement of a political campaign, in which my mother Jxrokijeeepest interest, may have had an influence on my prenataTlite and given me the strong desire that I have always felt to participate in the " rights and duties of -- ISZS Bar-ton- ! who-hav- e - I said Iidies, it-tak- es me longer to speak than you to listen; what have you done with your children while you have been sitting here ? But to answer your question I never leave my children to go to Saratoga, Washington, Newport, or Europe, or even to come here. They .are at this moment with a faithful nurse at the Delevan House, and havin completed my mission we shall returniiorne no- - in-Bosto- . n. : A . . - t . " ze v S1 wisdom, and ponder the mysteries of the unknown. All hail, to Maria Mitchell, Harriet Hosamer, Charlotte Cushman, Alice and Phebe Carey, Louisa Alcott, Dr. Elizabeth Blackwell, Frances Willard and Clara All honor to the noble women devccd earnest lives to the intellectual and moral needs of mankind !" Mrs. Stanton describes graphically her V First speech before the Legislature, "read ing it to her father, his views, his- wonder at her pathetic periods knowing her own life had been a happy one, comments of the newspapers, ridicule ol men and women, frivolous objections, the divine patience. re"On one ocquired to reply, and so on. casion- yheu addressing the legislature some of the ladies in congratulating me, inquired in a deprecating tone, 'What do you One of Mrs. Stanton's remarks regarding American women may strike home to young women, she says: "When I see' so manyof our American women struggling lo be artists, who cannot make a good loaf of bread or a palatable cup of coffee I think of what Theodore Parker siid when artwas The fine arts xlo not interest me so much as the coarse arts, which feed, clothe, house and comfort people. "I would rather be a great man like FrnnVhr than a Michael Angelo nay, if I had a son I should rather see him a machanic, like the late Georee Stephenson in England' w 0 than a great painter like Rubens who only copied beauty." Mrs. Stanton in commenting upon her birthday celebration in New York City at eighty years did not forget among other gifts the one from the women of Utah, 'the onyx and silver ballot box and the accom panying addi ess. There are so many ex cellent things in the book that all women and men tco should read, that we feel sure the volume will have a large sale. The portraits are very interesting: and for the comfort of elderly people we are, happy. to state the type is large and clear. The book contains 468 pages and eleven portraits. It is dedicated to Susan B. Anthony. We have not perused it half enough yet but have already, though only skimming through its pages, noticed many charming paragraphs, and withal its simple,, chatty .style recommends it most pleasantly without further ret Livingston who was active in the war of the Revolution, and was stationed at West Point when Arnold made the attempt to be-- " tray that stronghold into the hands of the enemy. "In the absence of General Washington and his superior officer he took the responsibility of firing into the, Vulture, a suspicious looking British vessel-thalay at anchor near the opposite bank of the Hudson river: It was a fatal shot for Andre the British spy. with whoni Arnold . was then The vessel consummating his treason." thus disabled hastened away leaving Andre with his papers to be captured while Arnold made his escape through the lines before-his- ' ' treason was suspected. Mrs. Stanton's chapter on Motherhood is one of the sweetest in her book, so perfectly natural that every mother who has had a similiar experience, (and there are many) will read it with intense interest and say "exactly so. ' All along the pages are names familiar to. the public poets, philosophers, heroes, editorsreformers both men and women. One chapter devoted ' fn Susan B. Anthony is delightfully full of the tiM Quaker ke, thls qUteS h0 Bacon's adds it u saying of unmarried men "O'n, and gives this ratuer man men; us .nurys, as well as us Marthas', who,, rather than be ;busy housewives,- preferred to sit at the feet o divine together." government." Mrs. Stanton's mother Livingston, the daughter of Colonel James was-Marga- "The world, has everfcitfl' en-comui- m. , SOCIAL AND DELIGHTFUL. Mrs. C- E, Wilcox entertained' at her home in this city a rather laree mrtv of - " ladies Cnerfi mother,31rS. Elizabeth J.-- Stevenson,: who n that day,reached her sixtieth anniver, sziv Tt n,wu:. . ...,. many who for years had- - been familiarly . auu 10 converse upon tne van- - roct!.-umicu - j a. . 