WOMAN'S. " The iu:sts and' ui'ciiiLers were '' ser ved with Russian tea and diin.ty wafers beautiful gins tliUed here and there among the flowers, and plants handling the delicate china.' ' st-iir- ' .- - Elder Charles W Madame M?u::tj rd afternn. TiiU Secretary of each Stake organizations of the Relie f. Society Will please send statistical and financial report, of her respective 'Stake for the' year 1897 as soon as possible, to the General'Secretary, Mrs. E. B. Wells, Teinpleton, Salt Lake City. Branches of the Relief Society not included in any of the Stakes of Zioif'will also send annual reports so that the secretary may be able to' the prepare a complete and correct report-oSociety Jn good- time for the April conference. Kr B. Wells- ,- Secretary. .. -- " f - EMMA BROWN Woman s Exponent: 'To TI10 As one of our most esteemed and beloved sisters, Km ma. Brown, passed to the great beyond on the 8th of last month, Dec." i97 it was thought a few lines concerning her life would be acceptable to you,' and trust y oil will allow this space hi your valuable little paper so her many friends may read it. She has taken your paper for many years and has always been one 'of its best friends.- . - BIOGRAPHICAL, SKETCH. Einma Brown, daughter of Lorena and Ethan Barrows was born in; Nauvoo, 111., Oct. 1, 143. She lived in that state until 1S50 when she emigrated to Utah with the J&vans company, locating in Salt Lake City. Here eight yeaatelTsheas-riiamtrd-- to Pioneer George TV .Brown, President Young in performing "the ceremony. After living various places they at last settled in Charleston in 1S66, where she lived at the time of her death. On Feb. 28, 1874. Sister Brown was apward pointed president of the Charleston Relief Society which position she was very; AttCT attending to her enmnotont to fill duties for over five years, Sep. 3, 1879, she was chose n and set apart to be president of ' She Wasatch Stake. Society-oLUC filled this position up to the time of her In this capacity she has visited death. of Zion, every, settlement iu this Stake Her inalways being welcomed with joy. and lastfluence for good was penetrating ing. 'She has filled her earthly mission, and we feel that our loss is heaven's gam. ' No one has yet'been appointed to fill her and place. She has fought the good fight remained faithful to the end. "For some vears Sister Brown has been with troubled with heart failure, and later were an internal cancer. These complaints y the cause of her death. She suffered great-land passed away pleading to die in peace. No blot or stain could be. found on her rest in peace character, and her body will' the until called forth on the morning ot relaShe leaves many first resurrection. tives and a host of friends to mourn .her f 5 - loss. - V r Charleston Your sister in the Gospel. Dacy Baker. The 1 a eurose tntrouueea the speaker of the 1. to pressed her gratitude at being privileged .... 1. T,., ..I L nei incuircii. HudMMuiu Jlijz auuies in this Zion of the Western HemisChrist, phere. - She said she would speak upon the he Holy land of her nativity JerusalemLand, the land V which the ancient Pharisees 'traveled, promulgating the words of. the Father 'as a preparatory work to the building up of the kingdom of God. As a text-- Madame Mountford recited the. 19th chapter of .Luke beginning at the nth verse. The Bible, said the speaker,, did not speak it; detail; it gave here a link and ihese links had to be bound together iu wisdom, in order that the proper interpretation might be put upon' that which was therein written. After citing the passages referred to", Madame Mountford reverted to the 2 chapter of Luke beginning at the 22nd verse and dwelt briefly on the passages there .occur- - thcrc-a-linki-ai- - Kl- 1 -- -- - ing. ish empire and the Mohammedans, who, she said, had kept m tact the political conditions of that land as they were in the Had the European days of the Savior. section of powers gained control of that of mills country it would have been a land and factories, rather than a quiet peaceful God the hather, valley such as it now was. said the speaker, had so preserved the Holy be Laud, in order that His Zion might built, that the land of the ancient .'Apostles holiness as 111 might retain its purity and das of old. Madame Mountford referred to the condicomtions existing in the Holy Land and America. pared them with conditions in The same crude means of transportation in were in evivogue in Palestine anciently a child, but dence when the speaker was since then a change had taken place and facilities in every direction had become The oarable ot the unto the j t was likened by the speaker and. confidence reposed in servants by nf the Holv Land. To each man abil or woman according to their respectivetrust a certain ities, there was meted out portion to look after and and that was-hi- s So it care for in his master's household He was with the Father, said the' speaker.. an- o o rp'rbiin talent and unto f each exother a different one, and from of the trusts repected a true stewardship . , posed iu them. beChrist of crucifixon the Referring to of. one tween two thieves and the remark wmest. -- Lord remember me when Thou the into Thy kingdom," coupled witncited tt,e of Jesus thereto, the speaker in the Savior. confidence which the thief had Savior No wonder, said she, that the be with me 'This day shalt thou man bad pqradise " The condemned He knew Sth n the mission of Jesus. whom He was, and therefore fowed-.al,- he vyhtch unto Him, in the received Sfde and to which he -- -- . an-sw- an-swe'ie- . ' a rmon y . him: The choir sang the anthem "Hallelujah' Benediction was pronounced by Klder C faking up a study of the land of Palestine, the speaker paid a tribute to the. Turk- answer... -r con" their talents gregation was lirgetl to fae 'advantage, of exthe talents given unto them, that-thaction which the Father woulfl make of them would le fully in evidence in return for the mercies bestowed. Madame Mountford regretted the tendency of humankind to forget the parables of the Savior; to by them aside and apply no special significance to them. She spoke of the great evil attending the seeking' after - tribute worldly wealtlrrand-paid-jx:ople in founding a commonwealth, such as they had built up in the fear aud admonition of the Lord. Such a feature was laudable, and the building of houses of worship and beautiful temples showed that the people were earnest in the allegiance to their God, Concluding, the speaker bade the people; of Utah and jsalt Lake City a fond fare wefl. She was enroute to her far eastern home in Jeiusalem and itivher departure from this section, she felt to thank the Latter-da'Saints for their many kindnesses and assured them that they would never be forShe said she knew President gotten. Woodruff to be a mail of God, full of humility aud meekness, and felt that the people could do no letter than revere and honor " " -- i- e Ike Jdl'iV Hdi'lctf- - ( " - tCT,TtlL . . AD'DKKSSON i'lIE 1HH.Y LAND RKLIKF SOCIETY AXXUAL REPORTS , TI;OKI)., s' " . ' - KXFON er d, V. Penrose. A To WOXDKRFUL MANTFKSTATIOM. Our Beloved Exponent: perhaps a few lines. from a mother in Israel can find I write you space in your valuable paper, concerning the sickness of Sister Mary Holmes Dalton which she was called to pass through, wherein she came near the ... Dear. Sisters: lomlsf-deAthaiKlnly--thiQUg- Thinking lithe blessing of God was her life spared. Oct. J, She was taken sick on Friday their the 3rd morning 1897, and on Sunday The mothbaby hoy came to their home. delier's dangerous condition and the very cate and tiny figure looking so frail.brought sadness and the greatest anxiety to .the hearts of those who were.labonng to bring comfort and relief to the suffering. On Mondav night she saw many strange scenes and talked a great deal of a brother who was, and is now, laboring in Mississipthe Gospel ot pi as a missionary, preaching our Savior to a benighted world. more hapShe says: "I was very happy, and-i- t seemed py than words can express, that I was enrapted in something, veryf William .was heavenly and that my brothel witli me and that we were rejoicing because a great many we had brought happiness to was not shown to people, but in what way -- continued strange, happy feeling I wis with me, though at the same time On Tuesday the 4th suffering. severe pain. united m the Elders and all present were o'clock p. m prayer. AboUtJ I would be to be alone, thinking perhaps more free able to sleep as I had become since takfrom pain, and had not slept any ex-,- ; I was immediately left alone ing sick on the ceotine "mv husband who laid downT liad daid bteide"me." IIeI realized that I was dyfew minutes when minutes thinking of my ing I lay several mThls I'ired . there-but-a- , 