thou; hts on tub old andnew year The old year has departeft ' pain, V Its chang.es and its chances will .ne'er return again, In the sepulchre of Time 'tis laid with other years, ynd in memory afone remains its smiles and : -- - -- ' " ' tears: ' ; . There is no resurrection of years once past and . gone, No recalling wasted hours, they too, for aye have , flown, Ours only is the present in which to do and dare, The future none can. tell and perchance we may not share. Then grasp the precious present, use nobly each . today, . . ' Short retrospect is wisdom, too much is vain de-- , lay, While wc bewail our errors, our ignorance and sin, .The brave are in the battle and many a conflict win ; Then sit not idly dreaming, be- -a worker in the strife, Fill up each day with all that tends to make an ideal life, Then, if permitted to remain to greet another year, ; We'll bid Farewe'l to '9S without regret or tear. . ' Nellie. EXPECTANCY Let not the arms of expectarcy, Fold me in embraces of ecstacy, That proves to be on'y aJantasy That fills my heart withY vacancy, ' 'T would long ' ' in its woeful exigency, To soar to a clime of complacency, And there heal the heartfelt discrepancy, " By 'ove, which completes all deficiency, And brightens the chain of dependency, And overall things gains ascen ency. Think not there's a death of pudency, Because of a want of potency. Bnt trust and believe in my fervency, For therein rests all my quiescence C. 21, 189S. " FAREWeLL. ' The solemn thought which slumbers in my soul, Of pain, despair, unhappines, Is born of that ?ad word. The beams which heretofore have shed their radiant gleams, " Have hunk to rest; , darkness lurks, And in their place a shadowy That bids me long for what can never be, ' Forgetfulness. No word responsive to my least desire, Softens the parting pang; The oft times sundered thread of hope. Is riven once again, Farewell. ' . . Hyacinth. . Feb. 22, i898,V----v"-''-'T-.-1..----- :J :i. - A pompous solicitor was one day called upon at his office by a somewhat younger member of the profession, who asked his The opinion on a certain .point of law. elder gentleman drew himself up and said,' ' ' 4I generally get paid for what I know a "Oh very well, " the other replied taking half sovereign from his pocket' tell me all you know and give me three and foorpence ! 4 e. ion adapted to all ages' and conditions and J :Z:l2Z::rz; ointment hopeful, of all W. P. Q; met ?r r onhe evening of Jau, 31,' the pleasant parlors of Mrs. Belle Bunnell. Prayer was offered by Lucy A. CJark. The roll call was responded to by sentiments from Goethe. Under unfinished business to a former motion that each member furnish a cup, saucer, plate and' spoon, an amendment was made that a glass tumbler, be added and that they be taken 'to the "Exponent" office before Feb. 2S. Mrs. Camilla C. Cobb and' Mrs.- Clarissa S. Williams were accepted as members of the club: A letter from Mrs. Lulu Lee Steele, secretary of the Educational com. mittee'of the U. W. P. C, was read and a motion was carried-tha- t the president of the club appoint three members as an educational committee Dr. Orielle Curtis, Helen V. Kimball and Hattie Darker were accord s of the club ingly appointed. The were read by the secretary and discussed by the members: The .sccretarv-uls- o read a letter Burgess Jennings in which was offered the suggestion that the club join the Generil Federation of Clubs; discussion thereon followed after which a motion was carried to the. effect that the U. V. P. C. join' the General Mrs. I. Cameron Federation of Clubs. Brown was elected delegate to the General Federation of Clubs to be held' in Denver the coming June, Rachel Miller was elected alternate; The program opened with a song sweetly rendered by Mrs. Maggie Basse tt. - A very complete paper on Germany was read by A selection on the Mrs. Ruth M. Fox. guitar and mandolin was delightfully rendered by Mrs. Belle Bunnell and her sou, -- Notable .German Mr. Mark Bunnell. Men" was read by Mrs. Rebecca H. Doolan and "Notable German Women" by Mrs. Hattie Harker. Mrs. Camilla C.Cobb sang chartningl yiiiGeini a na nd Mrs. Belle B u n nell recited "The Karl King" in tbeGerT im- U - iVm . - by-law- from-Mrs.LMart- . ux.ihc youmt and who in the .h.oufc of trial need comfort to give them strength to jK;rsevere in the right under the inost abJ ject circumstances. Speaking personally the first line of the first poem carried me back" and wasv a reminder of many scenes of my childhood ana ramoies in tne meaaows wnere ine cowslips spring, "in fact those cowslips were the incentive to my roving through the green meadows in anticipation of a delicious dish of greens for dinner. But I must leave this subject lest some of vnnr readers simtKjct that Irani lontrinir for the "leeks and onions of Egypt;" well they grow down there too and of course I thought of them and how in my promenades I mistook a young elebone for the former, and but lor a neighbor s child pass-inciiict n - was stnnninorr to nluek it I J " should have. eaten the poisonousMierb and not leen here to relate the incident nor how much I think of your very interesting and instructive work. It commends itself to all 3gesx)f-thos-e , ; r. T 1 1 ' i ...t. iiiii"sr. wiiii liivt- - nit" A sixty-fiv- llanir k- e Pitc , year old TTtill 1 Vf DILLWORTII ANN Latter-da- Saint. y Daniel Tyi.kk n j 1 . . TSinH - j BRINGIiriRST. Dear Sister Wells: It has been the will .of our Heavenly Father to call home our beloved sister,' Ann Dill worth Bringhurst. She was born oh Feb. 12, 8 2, in Chester county, Peun., and came to Utah with John Taylor's company in 1S47; moved to Springville with her husband, William Bringhurst, in i860, where she has lived ever since. She was the mother of seven children, five of whom are still living, f the Coming to Utah with thei pioneers 1. a ii it... j CieCeabeU LUUUILU aii liiv. naiujuip man language. privations necessary to the opening of a The secretary reac1 the programme for new country, and then moving south she the next meeting to be held at the home of experienced many" difficulties in building up Dr. Ellis R. Shipp, 75 Center St. The mir the heme in which she spent so many hapules of the meeting were read and with two py days. She was chosen president of the corrections accepted. Benediction by Mrs. Relief Society and held the position for E. B. Wells. Delicate German refreshments years. She was always ready to assist the were served, a pleasant finale to a delightful poor and needy, and many are the good deeds recorded to her. evening. . M. A. J. Lambert, Sec. Sister Bringhurst left this earthly existence for a higher sphere at 3 o'clock TuesBy her death day morning Jan. 25, 1898. APPRECIATION. we lose one of our beloved members, but-wfeel to say, she has gone to meet kind ' friends on the other side and will await our Editor; Exp 0 nzr.t t coming. I HAVE had the pleasure of a casual peruRelief Society of 2nd ward, Springville. "Mus-of entitled book sal of your ' poems unsoliand Memories.," and although ings cited allow me to say in brief, that ihe comFirst friend: VSo he married in haste? mon eulogy that it "fills a long felt want" Did he repent at leisure?" Second friend: but faintlv expresses my appreciation of No he repented in haste too !" your musing and ever reflecting, useful Af High Council, mind. Your dedication though brief is a judge of thein Bombay manner and never forvolume in itself. That spirit of Elijah, so who is pompous to speak, that binds kindred "for all the gets that he is a judge, .was walking up and of a small railway stayears to come," I fear, is too little appreci- down the platform Saints, in fact I tion just before'taking his seat in thp train. ated by many Latter-damuch question whether any of us fully At that moment a perspiring Englishman and said to the "comprehend the greatness of that eternal rushed onto the platform union by adoption to the fountain of our judge, "Is this the Bombay train ?". The am not tne sta being; and as to the world, although they judge coldly remarked, "I man at once, reare inspired to look after the records of their tion master." The other torted, "Then confound you sir, why do dead, as a rule they know not why. Your work is an everyday home compan. you swagger about as if you were?" 1 1 ex-Bish- op -- Hyacinth. Feb. u. ' 1 1 ', , . ... . . - y e 