Woman's, exponent. . The above mimed sisters were then set apart to their respective would president offices", Save Your Money in people could be you tl inl sudl a .these i iy uitnoin k for tli''''-"""- ,)d - : And when vou vt si do .lar. avm Bank with Xiuu !e-et- c? (i. Trust rornpariy, this oldest and htr; bank in Utah. - wand pa- Trimary hymn books, note ril fur which a vole of thanks was- e,ien. handed in by Sister Sarah A. 'Hro.vii. TJse name of Sifter Mary II. Uertf was presented as assUtaht secretary by sister C. Cobb, and the vote-- was carried. , May MrelinK adjourned uhti'l benediction by Singing, I)'Xoiy. it,. . Brother 'Join J;abrun. S ec. o I 1. . a i k r ii H. Lv :i books-wei- Tue-day- i 1 , Will ou allow me to tell you that you are not acquainted with Mormonbm until you learn who our prophet is, and what the enuud was which he brought to this world ? Vou will remember, that John the for- our baptist eti me to prepare the wav Savior when he came tlie Erst time, teaching lliem ..torepent lor the kingdom of He also said they, heaven was at hand. should bring forth fruits meet for repenthe old proyeib: tance, for according-to"Actions speak louder than words,:' and show .your sincerity. Then came the publicans to be baptized, .saying "Master what shall we do?'," Luke 3rd chapter, 2th verse. He said, "Lxact no more than that which is apjioiuted you." And the soldiers asked him, saying "And what shall we do?" and he answered "Do violence to ii'o manueither accuse" any falsely; and be content with your Wages." Thus teaching them to "deal justly, love 'mercy and walk humbly.'" T::ese being the prominent features, of our lesson which Jesus taught to bring peace on earth and' good will to humanity. Now we learn in Acts, Jst chapter oth, 10th, nth verses, that "A cloud received Him out of their sight, and two men in white apparel slop I by who said, 'Why; stand ye gazing up into heaven ? this same Jesus wlnci is takm up from you, shall so ' - - " 1 . fy;-.-1ulh.- T 1 i,i WlLFOKI) WOODKUl'T. Pnt. (Ikoiwk M. Canxox, Shier. - Xos V-- -- :W Main Street. - JYIidoiifery Glasses. ' - Dr. Romania R Pratt class i n - mid wi f erwevery" com-mciH't'- six months innneriiattdy aft.;r the semi - annual conference. ' Special courses of three months to who have Ireen in practiee. Special tonus ivon to students sent Srttf-- IN Society. For particulars please address Romania... 15 1 Salt Lake Citv. DENVER d. M a i ar-ranu- a-i- Teatdies two classes vearlv in Ob. stctrics and Xursin, beiinnin just aft'T tli'j spring and fall Conference Special opportunities and prices are driven to Societies sending students, and also to 'those '.who have had -- - preA'ious-Htudy 'For full particulars please comniunicate either )ersonaly ov br letter with - ' . Ellis 7.1 Shirr, M. D Center Street, 'Salt Lake City. R. d tk-other- . THOMAS 8 SALT LAKE CITY. Cl-T- KA me-nbe- tnglon is the attoniey r th-- " Cross, .of which MiSs Ciari dent.'- S t. DR. ELLIS .R. SHIPP, ed e do not you think it necessary ior a prophet to come to prepare such a, people for this great ev'eut? .Do iY K'( TKSIOX. - - - s, by any Helief - i ndd-'wive- . P ra 1 1 , Co n s t i t ii t i on THE WOMEN'S MEETING S 11 - worship him. v Now I would-as- k miriors . l historrm;' K mma Miss. Featon, librarian; Mrs S. Webber, Mrs. H. McCornick, Mr. TMrs VI. V, Brown, directors ior one year; Mrs. R. A.'Xtdden, Mrs. F.A. Vincent C. WoodiuiT, directors for two years. The section chairmen had. been previousin the sections ly named. Some changes dis- have been nude, the art section being continued and two new ones created, music and French, The sections with their chairmen are: History, Mrs: J. H. brown; tourist, Mrs. R. C. Woodruif; Shakespeare, 'Mrs. John Caine; home and educational, and literaMrs. G. F.Stiehl; current-eventture, Mrs. S. W. Morris; music,- Mrs. W. A. Nelden; French, Mrs. F'ugene Lewis. inarried, L5.r t Wo pay FIVF, PKR CKNT TKKHHT on any amount '.e"dol-ia- r to thousands, and compete ba interest (ourttimes a year. WHlTlv for any information ilcsinHl. sccrcar' j Rovk ab eliildien wlio . - Misi-Kthe- , to op'.'nV.iving aceounts in tII?jr I?avi oanie, Mibjcct to their own ord-r11 wn an you a;iouiu.' ' ' ' vnr NOW. l Mrs. ciara cuwi,-.w."r- t O. R. Hancock, correspondm; Mrs. K. b.Criichlow, treasurer; Mrs. T. C. women nfid 1 f - . laws of Utah, permit' Tin- - The women wha intend goin to" Denver for the Frderati ;iu meeting !ionld by all means ue the Rio Grande Vcstcrn 'Railway. This line in addition to being a home institution with lieadijuarters, hops, etc, in Salt Lake City, presents countless attractions in the. way of eenerv, train A delightful trip "can he service, etc. without additional cost hv usinir the "K10 (irstnTTe "Western m coma rtion "wiTtr go up into heaven.' " either the standard iraiiire lines oi' . the We" also have the testimony of those Colorado Midland oV Denver & Rio apostles with whom" he was speaking, and Grande R. I!, via Ghnwood, Leadville, the telling them of the comforter, the Holy Ghost, he- would .scud to them. Can we Royal Gorge or Manitou in one direction iiari-oline of the 1). gau-- e IL . doubt their .words? Oh no we know he and-.thG. of the wall come in like manner as they- saw him Mar!iaU by way the . Cano-'Black iu we also know that our prophet The r indtrip go up; and via rate to come his way prepare any combination of .the three disJoseph Smith has before him again, and the message he tinct weenie routes of the. II. 0. W. Kv. has brings is an important one I can assure you. been fixed at 0'). Tickets on sale June He tells us the same that we read in lUth and 20th. It is .pxperted a large numHoly Writ, that our. Savior will bring a; ber of the eastern women in attendant at company with him at the time of his the meetmg m!1 take advantage o'LatLxx. cursion to Og,!?n ami Salt LakeCitv via the the same character as those who come with Rio' Grande Western. him. Yes they must be purified and sanctified by the same laws., that his disciples, :B'MiTON contribtitesio were, and all those who love and obey his the North arise American will and laws to meet them and Review an account oi her rejoice relief welcome them in joy and rejoicing, to bework in Cuba hold his iface aud hear his voice. the services of 0utl??k has , Tlris people St. Peter tells us must be Mr. vice.. George kmiati,' president of the pure, for God is pure; they must be holy, Anlencan Red Cross, as a for he is holy. They must worship him in of its staff duriug the war. .; nd for in he seeketh such to truth, spirit ! . . in rs aeeoums. lacking lor The iyHlay. iterarclub was vM the session o::., u interest' was the. annual principal event of. oti cers AH.rct! election of offers. on tne season mid,. fo ,t in'j..,.iinM'.. rfv'iiiea . rc t'r I . . roster: .Mrs. r.ugewc first vice Prvs:,:cn., William Ingk-heart- , Mrs. L. IC. Hill, second La-- . vice-r"1"- OUR PKOj'IIinV .1 - .- 1.. - Tiic ! r v,-.:,,,,,-- ttti,f,n ;" it , . presi- - Tfie Leading Retail 