WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Jfi- kttZ 1rtuend,9ig nhUrIIdren - , ' jod advice. Sarah .Alexander made a few .. " "olUrr . Si-.u-- Selected , r W e Duke act as P : - - . 1S9S. On, the stand were Morning session. Counselors A. T. tiyde and C. C. Cannon, .Counselor Ik W. Smith of the General board, "Sisters IC S. Taylor, K. Stevenson 1 4. D. Alder and M. W. Wilcox.. .Meeting in a mysmoves "God ojened by singing terious way." Prayer by Sister t,. D. Alder. Singing "What was witnessed in the heavens." Counselor Annie T. .Hyde The secretary not being present presided. Sister Lvdia I). Alder was called to act in that capacity. Roll call showed a large at' tendance of officers. Counselor Hyde welcomed the .sisters and stated that President M. I. Home had been thrown from a buggy and was bruised about the face, but hoped she would be able tmueei with us yet;, also spoke of the nursing-class and requested President ICS. Taylor of the'Geueral board of the Y. L.M.I. A. to- address the conference and state her feelings in regard to the class. Sister Taylor said she thought the movement a grand one "To think that one hundred and fifty of our'sisters can obtain a good training to enable them to nurse the sick and- - also to nurse their own families I am. proud that some of our skillfully young ladies have volunteered to take this course of study. A nurse should love to do good, love those around her and be cheerful in the presence of the sick. Many of you may never be called upon to nursVthe poor, but should you, your heart should be so generous that you will be willing to bless others, then you, wilkhave the greater remuneration. The Lord loves the poor and desires to take care of them. Think Well about this matter, it may be the opportunity of your lives." Counselor B. W. Smith heartily endorsed the movement spoken of by Sister Taylor and urged the sisters to study for the beautiful calling, to bless the sick and aid tcted. Sister K. J. Stevenson also spoke in reference to the nursing class, earnestlv advocating the organization of the same.' 0 Singing" " We thank Thee O, God for a prophet." Counselor A. T.JIyde spoke of the class, thought it would indeed be a blessing to all who participated iir it " and were s. 1 weak, humble way. They also spoke y the children iand patents, j j j j j j i tliey were indeed pleased to see so many mothers present. At the' close Bishop James C. Hamilton arose and said: "Sis ters you are engaged in a noble work and He then great will be your reward." blest the officers both Stake and local, also the little children. Thus closed a most pleasant, day. ..... N 1:1x1 uCoRNWAiX,. Sec. j Save Your Money! e when yoi: zvl a do.lar, deposit it with Zion's Savings Bank & Trust ('mpany. the oldest and largot avi:isri A. I 1 bank in Utah. Sim", the establishment of tL'c bank we have opened more than 1!)mX) siiv- -' inTa aeeoim'ts. 'J'he lawn of Utah permit married ;uid also eliildren whoare minors tTeirtilrodrTRivtrr tontPresnkiit Ik '.voTiK-i- i to sayings accounts in their own name, subject to their own order. Have If not, open you such ;m' account? one NOW. the2nd;also the 9th,Forestdale,Taylorsville, Union, 22nd, 24th, Murray, Center and Kast Jordan, were reported in a flourishing condition by their presiding officers. ' Counselor Hyde made closing remarks and gave instructions to the Relief Society which were timely, also spoke of the wheat bear in mind the dehoping sire of President Home; announced that the nursing class Lad been for hud and would open at 10 o'.elock on Monday. Tune 6. at the Templeton, spoke encouragingly to the sisters and telt-tthank the faithful sisters who had conducted the singing Confer ence adjourned until the first Saturday in piciuDer. ringing "The time is far spent." Benediction by Elizabeth Webb. L. I). Alder', Act. Sec. ojM-n- ; " U'e ,ay IX- - FIVE FEU CENT TKEEST on anv amount from one n'lol lar to thousands.-- ;ind enmtmte interest fourJ.imes a year, WFJTk .for any information desired. . 7 they-woul- d -- . . . . ! 5 tU'ft 1 not-ceas- ' -- .. i ' Minutes of the Salt L,ake Stake Relief Society eonfeience held in the Assembly hall June 4, niir-tif)!- Sister Mary J. Lambert. Singing. SistcrKlizabeth Webb addressed the conference, spoke of the great facility now en joyed by those who strive after knowledge, also the .opportunities for a knowledge oi the truth of the Gospel which We enjoy. "Who are these arrayed in white?" was beautifully rendered by Sisters Maggie Hull and Maria Winder. Sister Mary A. Hyde spoke of the signs of the times, ""counseled, the sisteis not to find fault and closed by speaking in tcngucs; interpreted by Sister'Eli.abeth Paul. Counselor Mary L. Morris of the Primary board of the Stake, said:- - "There is nothDo ing outside of this Gcspel for me. to love the GoJpek" Sister Lydia I). A Jer spoke of the. great mission of the Prophet Joseph, and the im-- portance of the Book of Mormon explaining the wonderful vision of Xephi, from that record. President Steele reported the 1st ward; Sec. - r' ii.', l vf n . - LA K K SXA K E . aitiM. W Jea. ti iijamii t. nine Hamilton, Counselor fou?tjj ii i . re-maik- O,-Go- .SALT- Tilt- - - i d rMunelors. President lane S. Rich ards officiating in organizing the Stake Re, lief Society. Kach of these sifters expressed their willingness to do the best they could; SKter'IIaunah "Harbour was' voted in to continue as Stake secretary, andgister Rhola Old wiler as Stake treasurer. The choir and congregation sang "We for a Prophet," and thank Thee benediction was offered by Brother T. II. j i - f Hannah Harbour, ,;,., conations on , Dr. K. Harney spoke on the ubject of served at the meeting hv,use.' nursing and encouraged the sisters to pre:s lunch being The house was beautifully decorated with on and acquire knowledge. A good spirit pre. Lydia I).. Aider being called upon made bunting, flowers, etc. vailed during 'the day and all ."expressed a few remarks pertaining to the class, exthemselves of the opimon'that this wa? the plaining some (if the good that- would rebest am ferencef ever-helinthe wa'rtl. The suit Ironl .it. Sister Sarah J. Cannon also endorsed the report showed an enrollment of 424me:ubers and an average attendance of 276. movement, aiid made some excellent Remarks were made by the Staketfilc. Sister M. AW Wilcox followed,, The proers, the Bishop and counselors. felt that God had charge of the movement. Dr. Roberts caked upon ,the sister who gram c insisted of essays, songs, recitations, were worthy of special mention proposed entering to meet her at the lecture etc., Which wlt t t 1.. tlw.1toil Ol' at 1 o'clock sharp-fo- r hall in the Temple-toorganization. Conference adjourned until this was the Grst conference Sister Klleri Clawson attended after being chosen presi. 2 p. m., by singing "Do wlwt is right." "dent and the last one visited before her Benediction Clara C. Cannon. Afternoon session. Opened by singing death, special mention was made of her and "Our God we raise to thee." Prayer by the great good she accomplished in her resign jnhe . i reflations pertaining iirj S." ft vVrisnnh Stake, wttti sister uii.auem Giles. ,. - - . Hje - - R . Rfbm?nvhu?.itvH thtr whteb.j James-Cr.-'x&k.was tr w organ Cinr rislfd and answered, so that other brethren, also three - presidents. being detained at home. Meetings' a thorough understanding might be. reached, re- - president of the 'Ktli-jSociety of Wasatch.' She was then Jhonorably release from serving as. counselor to the president. A vote of thanks wa then tendered Sister Alexander and her lal ;t.s commended. It was. then moved and- unanimously carried that Sister Annie .jj.j-- as-Stal- rt WlLFOKD . Xos. '-, .. L WOODRL-FF- CEonr.K M. Main StTeet. Prest. Cannon, Cashier : . . ' MILL CKKEK PRIMARIES, E IT rn TJ OMAi .' Perhaps a few Words from the Mill rwv Primary Associations would be of interest There are five branches of the association in the ward, all meet together once a vear m an, annual" Each associa"tion meeting. a umisbes portion of the program, June 1 being- the day chosen. It scrve'a twofold purpose; the children are reminded that it is the birthday of our front lMrWr dent Brigham Young. Many interesting items were related of his life and labors etc On the stand were Stake President Camik - ia U Lobo,-.her two Counselors, Sisters Removed to 48 and 50 Main St.. J SALT LAKE CITY. ! I ' - The Leading Retail r: wash House .E.THOMA ' I 