l,T,'nw,,", years alter in Pioneers the VthV' nrvivvf the valley Ui die Great Salt hake, tlie square on w'lncli human habitations were built in the 'this 'desert land (now a flourishing state; was puhlically dedicated with appropriate ami impressive ceremotiics, conducted nn-- ' dcr the auspices of the Mayor and the City Council. President .Wilford Woodruff, the years of veteran pioneer now ninety-on'age, was .seated upon 'the platform, also President George Q. Cannon, who came into the valley a few months later, and a few members of the old City Council of long ago and other citizens, also a few piomin-tn- t women, among the number b.dng Mrs. Zina I). H. Young, Mrs. Jane B. Taylor, Mrs. Maria L..Nebeker; the two last named came in 1847. The patriotic music was inspiring, .the singing excellent, opening prayer by Dr. T. C. IliiT and address by Mayor Clark both particularly well adapted to the occasion, the Mayor rehearsing Our revered the most notable events,. President made the speech of the day,heart- felt and replete with memories of the time p., "MiXliiy July i"i'r-- 25,- - fifty-on- e tnid man ne was pufUtlv vvhu the historic city juuleni H .It,, JUS li dePorter Kpckw.H camels found itdifficult to pas each otluj. ; dared to he the fu miraeh .performed, in In this city thirty of these caravans of . the the vrdiey. Mieiu ,ud merriment.) Put desert could do so. President Young, be . .1 he warned hmKelf in fresh water the lieved in' fulfilling the commandments of salt disappeared and nee more Hie white'! God. He believed in doing things well. man was mack. (Lighter and applause ) ' That was a characteristic of the Pioneers, here Onreaching tl.j Pioneers, were" im- - no matter what it cost. Por instance, a portuhed to continue their jouuiev to Cali- - mountain' Was moved at a cost of a half fornia, when- it w,.s their cohdi- - a million dollars for a foundation for the uou would be bettered. President Voting Manti Temple. said he knew he was in the midst ofa t Congressman Ym. II. K'iug spoke, after a lviiu h:s people, but that would make no difference. a temple,, quartette "When tlie swallows homeward They would build ' a city and a commonwealth here. ' When f)y." The speaker believed somewhat in and added "All Hail to such the first message flashed across the new eketric n'eaiis oi communication the words men as Brigham Young, Wilford WoodruiT, Krastus wSnow and George Q. u nai 1Kb iioci wrouentr ana so .A"Orson'. Pratt, t r i 1... nave ana wnai ' I0r. wrougut; uiey declaration of .the President reKar4iug e cK)sc-- ins eloquent tribute Jo tlie l Young the speaker felt constrained to say, has God wrought?" in these ecrs Wllh llie expression: " loday all vales that nr, now rh'u nnrl oi and adoration should be giveu to Wilford 'dIlcer of pioneers." Judge tow ns bedecked with temples of worship, ! Goodwin spoke last and was, as usual, "es and the various ."very numorous. corri i lioiisT of a u ad va need ci vilizaUoiiT ".President George Q. Cannon offered the Here President Wood ruff paused briefly prayer which was in that happy and then said; " Wondrons changes have dedicatory spirit which goes to the hearts of the audij'come to this land and people since the arri-- l ence. This was followed by three cheers val of the Pioneers," and I want to'saj that . for the Pioneers and also three cheers for the change, .progress and increase will be the Mayor and City Council who had been just as great during the next fifty-onyears instrumental in having this spot of con se as during, a similar period that has just parated' ground 'set apart' for the 'bentTit of closed,. The destiny of this people . is be- - the people. fore heaven and and can , , .t '' 1 ,tl-iM- tiguter,) ! ( two-load- i.-- r c - , . ( - J e - ! i . des-L'r- ' hero-worshi- p 1 " ' a ion-"Wh- ! hon-mutmta- o1' i - -- alluded to. ADDRESS OF PKICSIDKNT WOODRt'lT . - v ! President Woodruff was then presented to the audience by Mayor Clark and was received with the "warmest demonstration of applause. The venerable Pioneer and leader said in substance: It was fifty-onyears ago yesterday a little before 11 o'clock a. m., that he drove President Young in his carriage on to the spot near where.the Knutsford hotel stands. On his arrival in the valley, tlie speaker had, he said, one bushel and 1 half ofpota-- . toes in his possession. He hd covenanted with the Lord that he would neither eat nor drink until they were planted, and he kept his promise. Others of the Pioneers also had potatoes with them. ThexLtoo. ! : ( j : e ? ! ! i And they were planted in the earth, not in the moon, (dark or light) as Brother Orson Pratt objected to that. (Laughter 4 , There was a man in Nauvoo who built a It h:'d a carriage to suit his own fancy. bed eleven leet lcrg and was entered by meaiiS of uteps and door. This vehicle the speaker bought and brought to this valley. the Monday morning immediaUly after the arrival of the first Pioneers President xouutj tooK some of the Twelve Apostles and with them walked on a short distance .ni a northwesterly direction; a halt was sud " it." ; ' the ground, exclaimed, "brethren, here, will be the Temple of our God." T didn't ask him," continued r. sident Woodruff, "who- told hi in the upon -- i - Temnle would be there.-- I didn't care. I put a stake there and the Temple is there, a monument to President Young's foresight nothing stay ! i'reident of-or-.- Wwxl ruff said he would speak incident and only one connected c with the journey of the Pioneers hither. It was suggested to linn bv the presence on the stand of W. C. .A. vSmoot who was the youngest teamster in the advance guard. It One day occurred near the Platte river. the little band of home and liberty seekers were startled by seeing to the west directly ahead'o them, what appeared to le a great TollIeTr black cloud close to the earth. amazement they discovered on approaching nearer that it was not a cloud, but a solid, mighty, moving body of buffalo, probably the greatest herd that had eer assembled in the western world. .There was great danger of being crushed to death by the mightyjiorde. What to do was a problem. Put after consultation a wedgelike column was thrown out and an opening effected in the herd. Among this animated mass of the monarchs of. the mountains and plains they struggled on for their own personal salvation days and nights. At one time Brother Mnoot lost a horse which got mixed up with the buffalo which were traveling not in a scattered condition but just as close as animals could crowd together. For a time it seemed as though the loss would be permanent, but after a while the horse was recovered. ior-thie- deuly made and President Young striking lus cane earth j ! On e : e "It alwajs was," said President Wood- his closing refereuctft4 thejncideiit, 4a mystery After Dassinu-nvpwhy that great body of - tbp rcrrnimd which is r now Pionppr Qnimrp tliP nrtv Pntprpd buffalo should have gathered together and wagons and started for the point of the marched, from its roaming place on the mountain, which apjpeared to be about five slopes' of the Rocky Mountains and moved miles to the westward. The distance, how- - down on to the Platte. It never occurred ever, was much about fifteen ! before; it never occurred since, and will being greater, miles. They continued on to Black Rock never occur again." wher President Younnluned in the brine As a finale to his address President and took a hattf bfincr thP firct Mormon to Woodruff said he felt that it was bis duty Jave in its waters.. He was followed by to give Tresideiit Brigham Young the otiit r members of the foundation of this party among whom credit of having laid the and prophetic accuracy."- - ruff, - to-m- r e ! , ! A X V V U. . -- j J 1 Saturday evening, July g, we had a pleasant evening with Mrs. Hatch of Dallas, Texas, and her brother and sister, Mr. and Miss Buck,' of Laporte, Indiana. The young ladies are accomplished musicians. Miss Buck not only sings .and plays "but Vacation Warbles and composes music. other pieces of her own composition were the piano from memory, and she sang by request. Sweetheart, Last Night, and The Sweetest Story Ever Told. The young lady is also an artist and excels in figure painting. The, other cister is quite gifted also and both are very interesting. - -- j I on Ttdttdrably---iiidere- d Mrs. J. E. Bamberger gave a fine luncheon to a few ladies (about fifteen) on July 5, at her handsome residence in this city. As .we could not be present to see we are not quite able to give the details, but have been informed it was a very pleasant party. Among the guesfe were Mrs. Kate Tajmatt Woods of Boston, a distinguished visitor to the city; Mrs. Amelia F. Young, Mrs. Sol. Seigel, Mrs. Henry Seigel, .Mrs. Simon. Bamberger, Mrs. Hanueuer, Mrs, W. P. Lynn, Mrs. C. E. Allen, Mrs. John Q. And certainly we Cannon .nd others. know Mrs. Bamberger to be a most genial . and entertaining hostess, 1 " Si - I EDITORIAL XOTKS. ! "... We had the great pleasure of having Mrs. Kate Tannatt Woods of Boston, at our house for a few hours on Monday, July 18, and also Mrs. W. P. Lynn of this city, besides "members of our own family whom we wished should meet Mrs. Woods, who is certainly one of the most interesting conversationalists we have ever met, and as she hastraveled extensively and has known so many celebrities, arid besides has lived in a most historic part of New Ingland - at in 