WOMAN'S vr i28 i!ir1?fnrf hf crn -- tended adiers," which ends with the "Marsellaise." He has a fine presence and as "he is outy young doubtless has a .magnificent career before him. Mile. Toronto has a clear soprano voice and shows much culture, she sang first "Nobil Signer," which was excellent and the applause was such that she verv eracefully gave a sweet little ballad as an encore. On Mine. Melba's entrance the 1 fc 1 1 V W -- - ' ." -- r ole- -a nd- -y el low-s- at iv hi f er-t- m 1 n-- was MRS, of-Wnm- au's. Clubs is nn organization which embraces 29 State Federations of women's clubs,. which number in membership 1,823 souls; and over 500 other clubs are also united in the membership of the General Federation. The individual membership of these clubs varies from 25 to 1,000 women. The largest State "Federation of women is that of New York', with 25,000 women as members; Massachusetts and Illinois rank next, the former with V0CX3, the latter with 1,300. Ohio has about 7000 women members of th ;fntf- - PVhmiinn. It is estimated that the General Federation has about 250,000 women luemucrmiipT- t 111 The members of the General federation VAJ would condemn a war which was uuder- i for nurrrandizement or for territorial acquisition, as the Federation is founded on principles' of fraternity and reciprocity; but its members recognize the fact that this nation is the vanguard of all Republics, must stand alone for the cause of humanity, for the cause of the weak against the strong, We feel that for right as against might. vou represent this cause. Therefore, as a "Federation we tender you our sympathy, and express to you our confidence in your wisdom and your devotion to the highest good of this dear country of ours. - While most of the members of the Feeler- ation represent no" vote on subjects of national politics, we do represent great influence. On us war will fall heaviest, for we must .fter the giye our sons, and during and and war, must help to repair the ravageswhich-suclosses and mitigate- the sufferings a terrible event must inevitably bring in iK train.: Therefore, we have the best; risrht to an expression of our opinion. We oiuumau-ity- , pledge you, while it is a questionnormal supthat you may count on the port of this organization. I am, with sentiments of the highest consideration, yours truly", tni-iM- " . Tf; T1IK UNITKD STATES Tif - General - Eederatiou-- , sfltin-bearincr- I d IIENROTIN'S LETTER. TJin I'RKSIDICNT 01' TO co: In iK O lUk. chap " the Congress. twh" nt the center piece is a slneia snapeapiece. 01 dove and olive branch whiff Within the shield, are clasped hands and below it a ribbon scroll on which are the ' ' We sse words " Pro Concordia Labor. ' A. Richby the telegrams that. Mrs. Ellen ardson of Boston, president of the George WoWashington Memorial Association of of men, is a speaker at" the Congress . ... Mothers. been Several women missionariestohave assist in called during the present year the work of spreading the Gospel in the In commenting, upfields of labor abroad. on the fact it has been stated these were the first that were ever sent in this capacity, but the facts are a number of womeinlis differ-- , Church have been set apart to go at ent periods,' most of: them to serve with their husbands. We have a long list of names of the women who have served faithwho are now fully in the past" as also thosewhich women absent. The countries to Scanhave been sent are Europe (including Great dinaviaGermany and Switzerland) pv.il? Sandwich. Society and Tonga Australia. Islands, Samoa, New Zealand, Canada and many parts 01 me uimeu of these sisters States. About a dozen -April. have gone1 since the conference, nv: names the At another time we may publish of those who have been sent at different times. :,,,,c. 3UIV.UUUO s ; tlit ur-gent- ly ' . .who-.oricinated,.- or-ganiz- ati ow" especially in the . -- - Mauinaia rabii, anu iauvcu sutu s. y rqrt de-ligh- t. . ! . . know the history and experiences of those who embraced the faith in an early day, and from journeyed westward with the Saints j place to place. Mis. Rogers tells the incidents of her life while in.her father's house and' subsequently graphically,, aiid many good lessons may be learned by our young ' people from its pages. The book contains very.jrood cuts of Elder Orson Spencer, the writer's father, also of herself aud her-siter, Mrs. Ellen C. Clawson. Every Church organization should have one in its librar Saints in buying and.au the Latter-dabooks for the home should include this It is well valuable book in the purchase. worth the price, 75cts. lcr copy. The book presents a nice appearance outside, is printed 111 clear (f read- tyje and contains. 333 paes 11.. nig mauer. 11 is preiiy generally whuwh among the people that it was Mrs. Rogers. idea of the Primary which has developed into such a spiritual-metho. of teaching the children. , h listeners. It is the idea of some who are connoisseurs of music that she surpasses 1 aill aUU lNOIUica uidi auto was num the mad scene iu Lucia, sud certainly She ""proved herself a finished artist in the pro The accompanistMr.Dpinaierr: fession. played the flute obligate which produced still greater bursts of harmonious sounds and the entire audience were wild with After reappearing the third time she gave the finale once more. A large bouquet of magnificent roses was presented to her. On her second appearance she gave the song ... ; ll have rarely seen, the enthusiasm increasing as her "birdlike notes trilled and thrilled with wonderful harmony the delighted accorded. - here, as is seldom . Tabernacle; to prcity the people wno insisted upon her singing again notwithstanding her gracious bows in acknowledgment of the enthusiasm exhibited, she sang in a daintily pathetic fashion the Swanee River, Bamboni himself standing and turning the leaves.ofher music. On herlast appearance she sang with, great, feeling Ardita's Se Sarau Rose, and this she was.obliged to repeat although her bows and acknowledgments were profuse. ex-tSignor Campanari shared to a greathas af He ntfnfinns n iiWLta; of the eveniner. rich, full baritone voice.his manner and presence were in perfect taste which is always "Dio His first number-waa pleasure. Possente" from Faust which is a favorite gave the generally, and for an encore he rrlor son cr .from Carmen, which is also a very ereat favorite here. Finally he gave the prologue irom 11 rag naLw. The great' tenor Salignac who seemed to from his voice, give great expression aside which was a superb tenor, 'shone brijghtly in the pretty aria of Romeo and Juliet which also called heartily for an encore. The Tabernacle choir gave at first Aida, under the leadership of Prof, Stevens with the full strength of their singers, who made a good showing and were in good voice, and seemed to attract much attention from the choir gave the strangers. For a finaleCavalleria Rusticana church scene from which was specially fine and marvellously well done considering the great number of voices which blend into one great burst of -sound. conthe finished The superb orchestra t 6 cert witn Mozai t rendered. which was most exquisitely One of the disappointments of the con cert was that one act from The Barber ot Saville" which had been so much advertised was not given. Although the proas much gram was "fine there was scarcely as a glimpse of grand opera as had been an J. r ticipated by the audience. . Life Sketches" and"is bv Aur.iia b. Rogers. It is very interesting and especial-;.l- y so to those who love the Go.'ppl and who IIoknh- - at the Relief Society conference of Davis Stake held at Centerville, April 28, President Jane S. Richards and Mrs. Emily S. Richards attended the Re lief Society conference of Utah Stake held at Pleasant Grove on the 17th of April. Sisters Elizabeth J. Stevenson and Margaret A. Caine,also Elder L. J0I111 Nut-taattended the Relief Society conference of Sevier Stake held at Richfield April 22. Sister Stevenson remained ten days and Presivisited the Stake in company-witdent Elizabeth Bean and other sisters. The general secretary of the Relief Society is desirous of getting the name ot each Society that owns a house or granary or both, in order to know exactly how many there are who have such buildings of only estitheir own. The general mates this class of property with real estate. Please- write these particulars to this office. The presidents orthcseveral Slake ns of the Relief Society are requested to send as soon as. possible a letter stating the time of holding their quarterly conferences in their respective Stakes. State the days of the week and davs of the month.-- also the name of the are .place of.places. where such jronferenes to be held ana tne nour 01. meeung uuuuk this coming year up to April 1S99. Address the letters to the secretary, Mrs. E. B. Wells, office of the "Woman's Exponent," Templeton, Salt Eake City. The dates etc. of all these conferences will be published as soon as received at' this office. : The dispatches bring; news of the Mother's Congress now in session at Washwoington and to which fcur at least Utah men are in attendance. Hannah Sorenson, B. Harker Augusta W. Grant and Hattie Salt Lake City, and Delia Booth of Provo. The "Peace Flag" made of three stripes of "Thf Thrti fmn- - v . Isabella PRKSiDKNr-M. i from the office of 'the Juvenile Instructor is entitled 1 -- Mine. Mall tieldjsimf appreciated in tmr air from Migmon. - and Mr. Rains, the basso, has a glorious voice, his first selection "La Juire" was vigorously applauded, and to satisfy the demauds t1i .1 ll 4i .uVr OK Aj3 the opening number was De -- rf EXPONENT. , - . : Ellkn IL Henrotin. ' President of the General Federation of . men's Clubs. ' . Wo- 