. WOMAN'SEXPONENT, s - rOAIA,S-,-I:XIH)NE-N;- Z .evening passecHn'delightful mtcicW.,,. ;. ; kindly feeling. - ..Of'Honie . . 1111111 li p it may bv- - truly n,..,t, sne was a memoeroi i'. i.ccwuuai '4i , ti 1. .. III! ,r,;i,t of the County and" Territory , and lierwuifc tufA, cumuli iij) .um i..ill JILT Dlt'SsEditor. 'U'KLLS, B. nufRUXH. in political, charitable and religious lines Cfntrihut". '4V.VM HI tt.S CASSON has been marked by. great earnestness-anAN INTERESTING PARTY and her in Salt !ake City, Utah. characteristic Published individuality; Terms: one copy one. year, t i.oo; one copy six months. steadfastness and integrity to the deliv(or'clubs. papers cm. City No mad: reaction 50 At the residence of Mrs. Amelia F.You, ' ers J by mill, extfa for postage one year, 25 cU. Gospel is always noticable. in her handsome parlors on 'i'uvsduy afte As a mother and wife her record is withA '.vermin;:' rates: Ivich square, ten lines of nonpreil A liberal out a blemish, 'and it may well be said ol noon, November 15, there were assembled vpieeone time, Si.50; per month, $3.00. rt'i'.ar a lvrrtisers. She was a company oflad"es who represented at her "Her works praise her.' South KxroNKVT orhce, Room 208 Templeton, married comparatively young for there three of the principal families (;f early Utah m. to m. every a. 5 10 from p. hours Street, Buisne, She with Brigham Young, IIeler C. Kimball and hnA ftftffn rhildriMi. ,1oic day, except Sunday. her companion, Elder Joseph Home, lived J)aniel II. Wells. Of President Yot;r,s Address 'Ul business communications to family there were present seven wjvtsand to" celebrate not only their golden wedding PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, but also their, sixtieth anniversary. Sister sixteen daughters, including the two tldt Utah. Lakk Salt City, Home has a numerous posterity, about born before the Church was organized in and thirty great the State of New York. Elizabeth the RtSrrti at P.ht at Pfict it Sat Lakt City, tlh, at ninety grandchildren t had come from Idahi five or six bun. tnalitr. grandchildren; a mother, in Israel in very dred miles to attend this gathering, havirp deed. On Saturday, November 19, a gathering to travel by team part of the way. It was Salt Lakk City Dfcemheri, 189S. in her honor convened in the Assembly a goodly assemblage and we were forcibly Hall 'in this City, and her counselor, Annie reminded of the gatherings in the. Social ANNIVERSARY CELEBRATION. Prof. C. J. Thomas hall in the days now departed when we 'were T. Hyde presided. with some of the Temple choir took charge accustomed to see those heroic representa. MARY ISABELLA HORNK. of "the music. Counselor Clara C. Cannon tives of the Church and the State, Ifrighani On Sunday the 2otlol November, Sister offered the ..opening prayer, after singing Young, Heber C. Kimball, George A. M. Isabella Home of this city reached the again by the choir Annie T. .Hyde in a few Smith. Daniel H. Wells, John Taylor, Hyde, Wilford Wood ruff,. Orson Pratt dignity and celebrity of four score years, 'in well chosen words presented an elegant a facilities in and and many others well known as founders of album made at home in Utah, bound full possession of all her Sister lettermorocco with silver clasps this commonwealth. Brother Ftilsoni, good decree of health and energy. and! eventful from father of Mrs Amelia F. Young, and his Home has had a remarkable ing, containing lovintr sentiments to devoted it a of life, more than thirty years (many friends and eacl; president of branch wife were also of the company, and after and philanthropic, of the society in the Salt Lake Stake of Zion. general conversation, partaking of a public duties,- charitable and the temporal, religious and spiritual President Zina D. H. Young made the repast in the handsome dining .room in of the community. her heartfelt, motherly of the hostess, remarks were made by son:e .welfare opening address wdien she was A first fashion. Her letter was read by Mrs. E. B. of those present mostly of a reminescent, public position was chosen president of the Relief Society Wells from President Jane S. Richards of congratulatory character. Meantime Bishop of the fourteenth ward in this city, and Ogden, expressing love for Sister Home Clawson came in and was called upon to afterwards she was called by President and regret at not being present. Remarks offer a lenediction as some of the guests were made by Prests. B. W. Smith, Elmina were ready to leave; the Bishop asked perVoting to preside over the General Retrenchment' Association at its first organizaS. Taylor Bishop G. H. Taylor and mission to make a few remarks and told of Dr. E. S. Barney his experience on the' stage, his intimate tion, with seven counselors at that time, Apostle H. J. Grant. they were Sisters Eliza R. Snow, Ziua D. read her aduress which was replete with acquaintance with Joseph Smith and menII. Younir. Bathsheba V. Smith. Sarah M. tenderness and high regard couched in tioned the Prophet's love for the idealities, Kimball. .Miranda P. Hyde, Phebe W. beautiful language. President Mary A.. fliii A WoudrUlT' and Margaret Smoot. ' When Hyde spoke a few words in. the gift of athletic sports and games. It was a happy Sister Smoot moed'to Provo Sister Eliza- tongues which was interpreted by President reunion cf old friends who are occupied beth Howard was'chosen to fill the vacancy. Zina D. H. Young. Mrs. E. B. Wells and with daily duties to the exclusion of that At-- the present time there are three of the L. John Nuttall also made brief remarks, sweet intercourse which makes all friends seven still living, Zina D. II. Young, and then President Home respondH trs the . IUVU ""ill W. Smith and Sa r a M r-- trt bad lr liouois conterred in a her modest and upon Sister Home traveled through the several appreciative speech, giving some incidents Stakes of Zion with Sister Kliza, Sister in her life tfcut were quite remarkable. The UNITED IN MARRIAGE. Zina and others from that time and has con- congregation united in singing the favorite tinued ever since to visit the various localiThe wedding tiymn "U, my rather, and benediction of Prof. xntcine ties in the interest of the Latter-dawork. was pronounced by Elder George Goddard. Muzzarilli Ph.ceremouy D., and Miss Mary R. December .22, 1S77, Sister Home was A dinner, party was given for Sister Braudow of St. Joseph, Mo., was solemnized elected to preside over the Relief Society Home on Monday, November 2 1 , at the Satuiday, Nov. 5, at hig'h noon at the Roin the Salt Lake Stake of Zion, and June residence of her ..daughter, --Mrs.. Joseph vuuiui 111 luibCJiy, xk."- 19, 1880 was chosen treasurer of the Central Tingey , to which about fifty of her most inKiley officiating. 'The bride "was a teacher v Board of the General Relief Society. : timate friends were invited. The nrinciml in the public schools of her' native city, St. Sister Home was chairman of the Execuwas President guest George (). Cannon, Joseph, several years, and is spoken of in tive Committee of the Deseret Hospital Apostle II. also" present and a their home Grant was papers as one of the most popuAssociation when it was established in May number of J; the most eminent women of the lar and accomplished young women of that 18S2, and served faithfully twelve years in Church.- Five of Sister Home's by that capacity. She was also an active offic- were present nd two of her sons.- daughters city. She was accompanied to Salt Lakethe Joseph her brother, Mr. Edward Brando w, of er in the Deseret Silk Association for many Home, one' of the of Sevier firm of Brandow Bros. Mr. Brandow represidency years, and has always been a practical ad- Stake, arrived when. 'the company had as- mained a few days and was present at his vocate of home productions and home in- sembled, which was a surprise to the moth- sister's marriage. dustries. When the Woman's Coopera- er as well as a great pleasure. Prof. Muzzarilli is a distinguished soldier, tive Store was established in 1890 she Was Sister Home received several valuable journalist and litterateur. He was for ten the unanimous choice of the. "board of from, relatives and friend vtokens years director of presents the School of Languages in directors for its president, as she had of friendship arid esteem, The rooms were New York City. In many ways he has made a success of executive work. decorated with smilax, chrysan- had a handsomely remarkable ca reer: Appleton's Sister Home is one of the strongest adand carnations. themums The dinner was of American Biography "gives a vocates of political equality and when suf- delicious and tastefully served and the --brief account of him. He served as cap frage was given to the women of Utah in guests were as happy as celebrating tain of engineers Jn the Franco-Germa1 870, .she rejoiced in the privilege of casting a marriage feast. Lettersthough of congratulation war and against the communists in 1871. He. her balloUfor men who would stand for from a distance, poems etc., were read and was, one of the editors of La Republique justice and equality. It was about that social conversation indulg-ein hiicr r,n time that President Young nominated Sis. Francaise, the organ of Gambettarand extempore speeches were made and the' later on president of the Democratic Com j 1 ! i 1 v. - 1 d uu-waveri- srmi-inonthl- y, dis-c'ja- nt U--a Tern-p- . U - . eld-e- teccnd-clii- st . , Or-so- n and-gol- . deli-ciou- . , Bath-sheb- a LVJ 1 1 Ki y -- uioii-vrtiuuiiv. - al-Ava- ys - Cly-cloped- ia . n I s 