1 ... WOMAN The lioUofm thcllamU-o- f Women (! W tfUM shoutJ be to better Ih, Z,'- .,,,.1 - ,, A'. SALT CO NTH NTS: ious religions, races and complexions, liter-tion ? Oh, the hideousiiess f ur iit tliee ' I tier. The Mothers' ally speaking.small and great, rich and poor, civili.e Lillys,! In frteir.g .Cuba how .i'lH Moimtford's Free and bundso that every day my recepGeneral Relief .Society Conference many, noble American woniea ai.d t hiUuen. Co:!,.':' tion room is. crowded with people from will :becotne' slaves" in llu ihet :r it s anl 01 me r;eu cro s. tal-an np-. . Clara P..o'u:i . vj i.iniiu.n 11. v.ii.in i every station in life, who come to call upon dwell in the sUims ol our luge cities. Ihit preci 'Vr 1. flit At t Welcome to Misi;nme and have a chat after my long absence. V. men in same enough! Vou may not have Sketch onra Stevenson. T. phical urns- h Religion predominates everything in this riews" my.fcelf on. 'the .subject. To-- , me .'of Family Royal land, and as each race of organization here war is an ;ib.uninaiion. Perhaps it may do ant! sf New Notes M Rhodes; in Jerusalem stands alone, proud and unLue'J.i Cuba good, hut it is sure to bring-tAmer ica much that is bad. Thv? war taxes are bending with a strong disposition to desa d newspapers, pise all but one's own creed, it is very difdimiiiisliing- the .strength of the people, for "Thin ef InUrest. Fditoriul Notts. ficult for, the members of these conflicting when bread and all eatables become higher creeils to associate much together, hence my in price the poor have to suffer and eat less iyacintb. The Mason J)r.T.a: - Childhoodwork is no small one in having them treat and hence poverty and crime are grafted on and liu- Stone f). K. I think each other in the most cordial manner in a country.. God save Ameiiea. has she altomy drawing room. I am glad to say that her intentions were good ut my personality among them seems to have gether gone into tliis war for .unselfish CHILDHOOD. the effect of removing all feelings of rancour reasons, simply and sof y u free Cuba? The people yes but how about the politithat might exist between them religiously, Airy, fairy, little lass, and we have delightful, conversations and cians that always sway the people? Tripping through the dewy grass, Oh for the, Oh for the true Christ spit it each goes away glad to have met the other Picking llowers from the mass, ikt ' - s am tm i t I , i a-- . ' o ' lj)iic'ti.AL:-Utah-Wo- men - I - --b- . -- ! ! .Lying ruUiufyou a you par, mui-ical- - live-lon- g Ligh.dy, smoothly speed along, Ou;ckl a theagi e fawn, L'eavi g naught behind whereon Ther can smile ii:othfaiu"w"iu- -' . lappy elfin careful tread, Where the foiest jos are lied, And the winding rivet bed, To the sea its waters ed. 1 : Fleeting fading, oh, how fast, Glides the present to .he. past; Now your life its spring has passed And in summerts moid is cast. Forest whispers nevermore, Breathe the song they did before; Childhood d earn for thee are o'er, "Woman's TcepteVs "at your door. - MADAME Hyacinth MO U N T FORD' S r o Yours truly E..M. Von F. Moi'nti ord. Jerusalem. THE MOTHERS' CONGRESS. Program of the Mothers' 'Congress to be held in Salt Lake City', June 30, July 1 and 2. Thursday evening, June 30-- - Reception to guests from the. Denver Jh'ennial and ' others. s Friday morning session The Probletmof the in Discipline. Child's Freedom. The Children's Mother. :' , LETTER. i'ou ask what 1 am doing here. " Trviug to rest, is my reply; but it is not an 'idle rest, ..but of that kind that says "a change of work is as good as a rest," hence I have only changed my work.' Though I. am not lecturing to thousands in halls as is. ray custom to do, from afar I am daily coming 1:1 with 'of the intact hearts people of var- - Prin-cinle- the war and I hope ere this reaches you What is peace Will have been declared. he- h a t--i -i greatest curses on earth. I hate the very in y-o- pi nion-- of - - We get very little news here regarding : . ! cometh.' " Noi?y, turbid waters rin Foa r ing spray they outward Hi g, F.eet asbiids upon the wing, "Whiie they an'gty sonnets sing. May 19, 1898. love-you- i Smiling, careless lassie dear, Changes in your path appear, Making ail the world seem drear, Fihing your bluhe heart with tear. Strongly, firmly weave a strand, Jiindi, g'.ike an boa band, Where the waters u.rtl thelan, Grasping with a' mighty hand. ! TJut all has to be until righteousness shall come upon the earth. God bles you all. I am one and part of yojir country. 1 stars and strijes, I am a loyal American but f love to see justice done-tevery human being, and I hate war. good outside of one's awn immediate circle I am, therefore, kept so busy all day and even in the night hours, that I get very little time loi correspondence. My life here is just as busy as when I am at work in England or the United States, only that it is of a different nature in its detail work.' I must have been born under a perpetual motion state, I am always xm the-m-o ve.aud the day is never too long for me but rather flies too fast. I am glad to hear that you are going to interest your girls in mission woik, the glorious time is at hind when there will be no difference between male and female, all are one in Jesus Christ. "Say ye to the daughters of Zion: 'Behold thy salvation So!;y, sweetly trill a lay, l the way; Waking Fore echoes round you p;ay, Kinging- ail the day. earth the, peace on ' aM.syrpndtofiiul.that.therejssoiiludi . wa r-- t- -- ThrrecTjndintroTruH)mi3: e-of-t idea of it. War brings every evil in its trail, it arouses the worst passions of man to shed man's blood. To me the jubilation aroused by regiments going to battle, and the enthusiasm and plaudits of the multitude in cheering their soldiers is still a relic of barbarism in humanity. There is something in my nature that revolts at this glee at the idea of shedding human gore it is like the savages dancing with delight at the To sight of the blood of their captives. God in any slay the temple of the living shape, form or manner is tome a crime, and the thirst Tor human blood once aroused in a country is .not so easily quenched, especially among the vicious and depraved. Everything beautiful in literature andxart gets a set back in times of war; peaceful pursuits are stifled the land is filled' with orphans and widows who are left to fight .the battle of life single handed, and they in their turn become degraded and slaves to those who pretend to fight for their freedom. L am more than surprised that so many American women advocated this war, I thought they would rise up asone man anddemand peace.;' What good is our education iT we cannot settle matters by arbitra Friday alternoou session Syiiiposituns, Cultivation of Moral qualities, 'fen minute talks on Truthfulness, Obedience, "Gentleness, Helpfulness. Reverence, Rights of Others. The Mother, as a Confident. I?riday evening session Platform meeting, general subject, Motherhood as a Profession; Relative Importance among Pro-- fessions. Professional Training Associations The clubs, congresses, etc. The Father's Responsibility in Child Training. School and Sister Professions--Th- e Home. The Washington Congress. - . in the Saturday 'morning session--flin- ts Care of Young Children. The Children's The Sek Child. Contact with Nature. Wider Motherhood. Saturday afternoon session Children's Music Illustrated. Children's Stories, The Mother's Incentive for Public .Spirit. All club women "attending the B ennial in Denver are. requested to wear upon their, -- j ' arrival a knot of light blue ribbon on the shoulder, for identification by 'the reception committe members of .which w ill u ear yellow and white tlr-color- s, ; - ' . . 7 