WOMAN'S KXPONKNT. 1 1 MiviviiAo SKLMONTMLY ..tITAT'n. - - Mrs." 'Woods in this social gathering. cf j was one of the party and came in nf the honors. Mrs .v".tr,ei is a -for a share Bton -- t. ; . A the three letters of K. T.- W. in white flowers. A card was presented to each lady, hand painted witji flowers by herself and a quotation in Mrs. Woods' writing and each expected- to guess the au-- ' lady was the chandelier-Hrt- re her guest's name, . - - thor's name, which caused considerable mer- Candies weie passed with the ini riment. tial K., T. W. oii each piece, and the dain- . ... r liest reiresumenis serveu one course aiitanoiuer uniu one wonuereo wiiat uil-- nexi surprise would be. Mrs. woods read one or two of her own poems which have .been illustrated and widely circulated in gift books, and told us many interesting things of Louise Alcott and Abraham Lincoln aud others known to fame Mrs. Xorah Grid ley of Chicago gave one or two incidents relating to President Lincoln in a We feel greatly . most.: graphic- - manner- .indebted to Mrs. Lynn 7 for a cleiiUtliU. afternoon, her own sweet' self, her famous 1 . 1 . : : guest and her pretty home, exquisite 'with flowers and with good fellowship will ever be a picture' in memories' cabinet. The visitors from the Federation at Den-e- r speak highly of the attention they have received in this city, also tlie Mining Congress ladies. It is a source of satisfaction that the Club committees on entertainment and reception succeeded so well the recital in the Tabernacle, the trip to Saltair and tile reception given by Mrs. K. S. Richards at her eleganfliome on the last evening of tiw MUK-r- s Lot t ifress were all ut aifaiis, particularly the reception; the house was beautifully decorated and the guests numerous and '.many distinguished people. Among thestrangers were Judge'and Mrs. Howell of Detroit, Michigan; Mrs. Kate Tannatt Woods, poet, author, lecturer-an-d N. V. press woman, P. A. for the state and an officer in the New Kugland Press Club and in many, other clubs; Mrs. Kllen M. Hen-roti- n of Chicago.ex-presidenof the G.FAV". C. ; Mrs. Ellen A. Richardson of Boston, Mass., president of the George Washington -- Memorial Association; Miss Grace Carew r-tfri vice.-presiden- of-.th- t t - Sheldon, author and newspaper correspondent; Mrs. Mary S. Gist, of the Women's National Press Association of Washington,!). C.: and Regent Continent tal Chapter I). A. R., and member Ex.' Com. Cuban Relief Association, also, a newspaper woman; Mrs. Harriet Hellar of Omaha, who was one o the speakers at the Biennial in Denver and at tlie Mothers' Congress in. this. city; Mrs. Xorah Gridlev of Chicago, who is distinguished in' man y" lines ot literature, and pthers whose names are familiar to the public. Mrs. Richards and iamily themselves on so having many celebrated visitors as of the occasion. guests vice-preside- te 0 may-congratula- . . nt S Minutes , of" the Ladies . KM f MttUi t II lilt- - l.llll W ! CX Semi-monthl- I , - y, , ... illUt."il- - i co-tnli- lv 1 i sue uau.1 uiauv. uuai liuuugmv Inrougir ner minu, reierrea to tiie maUv changes in the Church, said' she liked to 4 . 1 LaiK -- rrv 1 . 1 1 . Wnrrait rrxkAuktArinrcr-r'' in' ly'TTWAI J"J''''ilW,.y :t themselves aud weflc. many mteresiii:- - re. marks.; Dr. Margaret Roberts said she wanted to do all she could to help the young people felt the Relief Society work was a great on and felt we were grtatly blessed as a . wras one who had She .said her sou volunteered to go to warr it was cdy a "in other " w ho u nderstood .how she" felt at this time, said the remark's that had been made about the' Lord protecting His people were very comforting to her. President. Home said she had enjoyed the meeting very much, said, shexknew it had been beneficial and made beautiful closing Said she felt to say that, the remarks. young men who went tj war and who had lived their religion would be all right and would return in safety. Meeting adjourned for two weeks. Sing, ' Benediction by Sister ing, Doxology. Alder. Lydia I). pravvr by Sister Klizabeth.U ebb, "(V. nous things are sung 01 Singing The minutes of the previous J Zion." meeting 'were n ad and approved.' rejoiced at being here President this afternoon, felt every meeting she missed that it v. .is a chapter wnieii sne.'iaa been moving and it was lost, siid she h Thursdayjuiy.7, 'an'artern'oii part, to forty. or more ladies at 'her home in thus city, as an ovation to Airs. Kate Ta.matt Wood v of Boston, whose very' presence savors of celebrities such as - Holmes. Longfellow, Kmrrsoii,. Alcott, Whittit r and other contemporaries who were associated with her girlhood days. .Mrs. Lynn is original in' all herjyaysanijjlur : 'nig the afteriioon several new surprises In the room burst upon the company. among other floral decorations pendant Iroin I ADIJ'-- y . - (fi IL-rn- . 4n--sibIe-A.- 111 S ' peo.-pie- address which ie wished .the sisters all toremember, it w.aiM be very easy to nach by taking the 'Waterloo car which would take any one to !kt door. Spoke of the benefit' 'if the.se meetings, said even the brethren. had to ..cknowledge that the remarks and testimonies of the sisters' were very beneficial, and after having once visited them did not want to miss any of them. testified that Joseph Smith was The tha greatest prophet who had ever been up- on tne carta wim me exception 01 me Tspoke of vvoman and her impGrtant mission on earth, said the first commission Zina H. Bull, Sec. of the Savior was delivered" to a woman, when he told Mary to go and tell His disciIN MEMORIAM. ples: that He had arisen from the dead. ' ' She bore a strong testimony, .thought time ANNE k ASMUSSEN. siswas rolling on very rapidly, urged the Sister Anne Rasmussen, wife of Bishop R. Ras- ters to more humility and faithfulness, God musseii, died on March IS, 1S98, at Mink Creek, knows all our actions and He will fight our d i o, aged years, two months and Rasmussen was born in Den battles, we need not fear. Said .she was at one dav the meeting when the mantle of Joseph mark, embraced the Gospel there on July 13 rsoT, and emigrated lo uns country, .hhe labored Smith fell on Briglkim Young. as a teacher in. the Re icf Society for some years. Sister Mary Silver said she felt she must alo held the position of first counselor to Sifter come to this meeting for this was her Graham foe a number ol years. She. was a deer anti latter-da'Saint, always strength, testified that tjie Saints would be.! Votecl anwife- mot house for the Priesthood, who open kept all right war or no war if they were faithvisited this section of country. She leaves a husful, and bore her testimony. band and several c i'd'en, who live i of a Sister Barnes made some remarks on the happy reunion. Peace to her memory. hopes war but felt it was all right and the Lord norid Graham, Prest, R. S. Mink Idaho. Creek, would take care of us, desired to do her duty at all times and asked the blessing of . janlt n: OA vis the Lord upon us all. Sister Janette Davis died at her resid nee in Si.ter Rrixen felt she must come once Chiton, Idaho, March 24, 1897, after a lon and more to these meetings amd say goodbye to painful illness and severe suffering of ten weeks. the sisters before leaving for Kurope, sie She was Dteembcf-' She 1834 u to leave uu the Monday. emigrated to Utah ith hef parents She is 23,hen two ot age and settled in Salt Lake going after her genealogy' and she takes it City. She years was the dau hter of Joseph VV. and as a mission, she has no fear for she knows Mar are McMur in' and was married to Riley the Lord will be with her as was promised Davis on the 25th of December 1872, in Sal. ake her in a 'blessing. Sister Brixen testified city and moved to Clifto in July, 1S73, where that the Lord did hear and answer nrayers,. she has. resided ever since. She leaves a husb md and tvo sons and two daug ters, told how for about twenty years she had" and four children, friends mourn her loss. Sre was a to many faithful member of the C ifton Relief Society lor prayed that her husband might be conto verted to the Gospel aud how she had al- twenty years She acted as second the pre ident for eight years and she was presimost despaired of. accomplishing it. but still dent the Society from March r, 1896, until her she could not give it up. She said now her dea h.o We sinctrely condole with the bereaved prayers Had been .answered and she was family and relatives in hfeir bereavement. the Clifton happy to say that her husband was bap-- , U-- 4 he funeral e vices were held-i- n tied into the Church .last Friday. She House Sunday, March 28, 1S97. '.Many of her ' asked the sisters to pray "for her and bore a brethren and sisters testified to her nobility re-of character and greatness of soul. Appropriate strong testimony. marks w ere made by Stake President George C. Testimonies and remarks were made Parkinso of Presto' ; Elder Samuel Parkinson by of Franklin; Elde s Petty and Homer of Oxford;, 'Sistera.Smailey, Wilken and others, they and E. G. Farmer Bishop of Clifton. At 4 o'clock also testified how they had been healed the large assembly viewed the remains and then by going Ao the Temple. Singing "The Spirit proceeded to their homes.not being able to follow .. 1.!,,. a C (it' - r sjw.-ake- -- ' . . n sixty-seve- . - y - borin-GLisjaw-coila- nti. . 1 . coun-elo- r - iiKc : me is naming. 1 Paul testified to the goodness of the Lord to her; that His' Iran d had been over her for good, said she had been told m a blessing that she should save Jier father's, house,- felt that in these troublesome times all: would be well with" the wSaiuts and knew the Lord would preserve His' ."Sister-.Elizabet- . -- v '. . people. Dr. K. S. Barney said we had had a feast this afternoon, while hearing the sisters the remains to the torn on account of the severity of the weather. The remains were carried to the cemetery in a covered sleigh accompanied by er husband and a few male relatives and friends, .where '.all that was ot our rrjuch loved friend and ister was earthly laid in the by the side of her little babes who had diedgrave in their infancy. Rest in peace," the victory's won, Al thou canst do Thou hast done. D. C. Dudley, : : . ',.' Mary A. Garner, Jane Jl. Howell, ; . . Committee. 