.?.'- vwW Of voices strange and sweet; And the indistinct low music Of hosts of marching feet. And then I hard the murmur Of a thousand voices say; "All hail sweet sacred morning! Rejoice! 'tis Easter day ? Awake! awake O nature! O loudly ring ! Awake for Christ is ris;n, And praise is due our King." of , human formed by the women of MornioiiilonY is w(e, and Jesus wept. From "Sonow and ' ' ' outlid, .. All may read the page.:- The Sympathy." publication referred" to is an advocate of the "And as we do to others, in their need, principles of truth. . Gems of thought both Loving our neighbor as the Savior taught; .prose and poetry adorn it. Then we .are sowing broadcast precious sjed, . This noble woman after spending a lifeAnd we shall reap a harvest where we've time in aiding the poor, relieving their s '' wrought; and speaking the comforting woid to Kor if Our faitli f.til not and we endure, those .bowed down in sorrow, at the age of A Then al our Father's promises are sure." to the world her book seventy years gives Love the best thing jn the. world, all of choice poems. ' A. Vore'. Kuz..,nu "Musings and' Memories" just issued powerful,; everlasting and enduring in from the press is the crowning effort of her-lif- "AutmmiaL Mtibmgs." SLEEP 'WELL BRAVE HEART. It is replete with beautiful thoughts, "The harp strings may r e shattered, ' And the rose leaves may be scattered, spun in threads of light and sparkling with Written while Mrs. Dickinson sat by the side conrare Hut the memory still renuineth; of the Many intelligence. poems of .Miss Willard's casket Monday, Feb 21,189s. tain sublime pathos combined with sweet Anil the love that .ve have cherished, of brave beloved Christ and heart, Sleet well, Arid the hope tln.t have' nourished, simplicity. I will mention "At Last." . . crowned, he immortal sou! retaiheth." ''There must be something we desire to gain, . He gives thee sleep How lautiful are spiritual thoughts! A recompense for pacing to anil fro, The wide world's love enwraps thy slumber round, So near to the gatesof. glory that stray Some sweet fruition which obtain, God gives thee sleep. Or greater w isdom that we fain would know. beams shine .through the golden bars, and His angels smile;Jlis stricken children weep; mingling with the perfumed air, strains oL " Yetsmiles,-n- or tears,-sha- ll break Mhy blessed 4 And this is why we toil on and endure softest melody ilnnt ovcr thr purplfrliiUs-of-Paradis- e. Do battle 'mid life's trials, storms and strife, sleep. They southe the aching heart Because we fee! that there is something sure and throbbing brain. .(), just over there is Oh, wondrous face! whose mystic, "solemn ,grace That we shall find, within a higher life." a "Home Immortal." s the glocto the 0:1 majesty Thoughts reaching out Til! grief in all this sorrow-haunu"No more weeping, no more sighing, places in "Meditation," high No more finds room. No more agonizing fears; Show us, dear God, what glory greets her eyey And no requiem for the dying; "My soul has gone forth in its wandering, Let us, too, hear the voice that bids her rise. Chanted 'mid the filling tears. ..To the hills th it are purple with light; Those temples that tower everlasting, Sweetest strains of music ringing, So weak we are and blind, Chide not our tears In their majesty, grandeur and might. Echo through the wide.iJomain, Yet she would share Choirs of heavenly voices singing, Her gladness with us who are left behind. But the li:e giving means is the marvel, ''Nevermore to part a'airi.' " Heed Thou our prayer ! ; The mystery, past knowledge and skill; Not yet Not yet ? Tarries the vision still ? No man can the secret unravel; Some lives go out in glory. Like the with will Lord to love her Thy Then, grant us, It abideth in God at His will " sun blazing as it. sinks below the horizon, To work Thy will, to follow where she trod is a wakcasting, its reflection far over the heavens of Whisperings of a ' Without a fear; ... burning ships heaving and tossing, flaming ened in "Shadows and Whisperings." chariots moving slowly along and seas of To drink her cup; to climb the heights of God .cometime-- think I must have lived before, "I somber blue bordered by fleecy clouds edged Knowing her near; than world fairer much a In this; brighter with gleams of gold. The mountains catch To make her joy more joyful by our strife. I have stepped from that enchanted shore, That the radiance, and high up their sides wide So may we share even here her glorious life. As though I woke from out a dream of bliss, valleys appear, even deep ravines are gilded -edln .a TomTcareSS' So"fflyonr hoTnesrourdand 4 shame&odor.g, of the the last sun's by grand effulgence Be cleansed from wrong; to bless." me soothe and to head, my Upon gorgeous rays. So may our breaking hearts through love be Well may this, our friend, feel proud of in A life beyond the grave is shadowed strong will rise up and her life's work and 'Thoughts and Memories of a Summer call her blessed. Onmany Through love be strong. history's' page her Hour." Bless still, through us, earth's sinning and opwritten in letters of gold. name-i- s ' "Tears fall and ming'e with the pearly dew, pressed. .May her heart be comforted, her head, Mew heart. the not 'dear Take work rets was all where afresh drear; Thy flowers And spring up rest lightly on her pillow, her beautiful faith 7 rest. life more a of true, " And something whispers in God our Father constantly increase. Mary Lowe Dickinson, devoid of fear." will love Where perfect reign Mrs. Wells, accept the. love and congratuUnion Signal lations of your friends, who join- in wishing Comforting words to the weary heart, - . , dis-tres- joy-bell- s e. w-- 1 -- " . we-woul- -- d -- - O'er-flood- -. " - . - . - ! - pre-existen- ce ' v i Where-sofrhandsln- gef , 4 . , y -- faint unto weeping and worn .with many prayers, are sung to the"Bereaved Mother.'' E'en if weary and broken hearted, Witirthat which thou deemest loss; MRS.'E. B..AVKLLS. Published by toques I. The pleasing duty has been assigned to me to write a fe w thoughts of my esteemed friend Mrs. K. B.Wells. Behold this gather-in- g Women associated in two clubs, the Press and the Reapers, whose organizer she is. Here are women cf intelligence, poets, writers and thinkers, whose commoti aim is to elevate, themselves, to undeistand and further develop the God given talents given ! r to.theni. ':( On each: one she. bestows personal care, r r t. ui anucouragemeni. xvaea one cauueu many tunes when. by her counsel she has been strengthened, and the resolution formed to makeatipther effort. Editor of the Exponent" for many world over. years, her words are read:-th- e Its columns are open to the women pf Utah irrespective of nationality or creed Being me oriiail 01 iiie xveiicioocicij uric est organizations of women in the world, , JL.,.c ---. ; you many happy returns of your natal day, and in saying "The world is better for , your having lived in it." LydiaD.Ai.di-k. - Although from the dearest ones parted, He will help thee bear thy cross; And if the ordeal seems cruel, The Father will make it right, And the brighter thy precious jewel, Will shine in the realms of light." Mrs. Manning, of Albany, N. Y., the new president of the National Society of the Daughters of the American Revolution, was born Mary Margaretta Fryer, and her ancestors on her. father's side were Dutch. On her mother's side she goes back to first Lord of the manor The beauties of nature arextolled. One wdiotn was given . the or thinks of the beautiful earth clothed in ver- of Livingston, to famous andure, arrayed- in flowers with singing iginal grant. Among her more cestors are Philip Livings on, the second birds, oceans grand and forest shades. lord; Col. Peter R. Livingston,- Governor more still understand to -- dewe how yearn "O, Ri p " Van' Pey ster. Ol The mysteries that nature has concealed; Van Gourtjandt and Col. Peter The knowledge of her science hidden, lore Her late husband, Daniel ManSchuyler. revealed. been has Which unto none of us ning, was secretary of the treasury during Nor will it be ti'l we have proved how true .Mrs. Cievelaluf's first administration. Our trust has been in what we came to do." much with entertained grace durManning Washington , and her How sweet is sympathy ! a slender "gold- - ing her residence isin one of the stateliest in - w: i.iViVc ctifFpfinir hearts together.' house in Albany Ex , Tears of sorrow touched the Master's heart Robert-Livingston- -- - - Darrrr-Abrah- " urT:ucisiKn"",i,WB""t am aff-Steve-nson' " '"-- v .rl. 