wit 24 ft -- ) u.'V.v v? JCJUire; son, Helper; Chi;xMlv-JGt'Oghegan, Heber J, Grant Salt .! .WOMAN'S :IP.ONKNT. ai ivf : m:te aiid to' be made ? not ceecl Tre- -' (::fqticnti:Aj:T .The regular meeting'oXthe board of con trol will be held the first week in- January, James T. Hammond, Logan; Hill, Tidelia Belcher Hamilton, Lewis S. Apri.l, July and October of each year; and 'Hills, Salt Lake; John Horton, American the president or board are. authorized to call Fork; William Howard, Huntington; special meetings. The regular meetings of Johnson, Andrew Jenson,' Joseph T, 'the society for the transaction of general Kingsbury, Antoinette. IL Kinney, Clesson business are to be held on the third Mon' S. Kinney, Kurithe K. La Barthe, Henry day in January of each year. Lawrencty Salt Lake;' William A. Lee, Ogden; Jerrold R. Letcher, Salt Lake; Robert C. Lund, St. George; John T. NOT THYSELF " "FRET Lynch Thomas Marshall, Salt .Lake; Jacob F. Miller, Farmington; Klias Morris, Wil.(Psalms.) liam S. McComick, Salt Lake; Harry F. Wh refore ar thou !earfid, hrother ? McCune, Nephi; Emma J. McVicker, Salt Sister yhy this dre .id of ill ? Lake, Aqulla Nebeker, Laketowu; John Go who succored ancient Israel, Parry, Cedar; Orlando :W. Powers, Charles Lives and, loves Hi; children still. W. Penrose, Arthur Pratt,, Salt Lake; Cling to Him whit trust nshakeii; Franklin I). Richards, Ogden; Franklin S. wait- - for you; Every blessi Richards, Morris L. Ritchie, Charles R. AH His words a e full of p mis , Savage, Salt Lake; Lewis V. ShurtlilT, AH H s iscs are true ! Grant H. A. Klias Smith, Smith, Ogden; Jfui.'aided we wer- - s rivinc, John Henry Smith, Salt Lake; Joseph- - D. Sti to keep the inrrow way, Smith, Logan;" Abraham O. Smoot, Provo; Mat Willi no Friend Alw'ise to tuide us; Thomas, George W. Thatcher, Logan; Dark i dted would be this day: Farmington; Kmmeline B. Wells, Salt Hut as mother-lovdoth nestle Lake; Barry Wride, Provo; Heber M. ' F.' Orson inf nt form, Tend; rly the Wells, Horace G; Whitney, s Kverett W. God'? own elt'ring a ms s' al! fold us, Wilson, Parley L. Whitney, M dst the fierce and chilling stor n. Williams, John R. Winder, Alfales Young, ' Richard W. Young, Charles S. Zane, Salt Be not troubled, brother, sister. Lake. Sir k n )t 'neath ur of ca J,ake; Harry C. Save Yotti 1 lion's Savinf Hank w'ith it tl'j.Kit t T-us- th: ohlrst and larroAL savings bank in Vtali. of tho bank Sinof the rstablij-hnirn- t we have op'nd mon; than l'.),0oo ;lv. ifigs uivounts. The laws' of Utah permit, married (wume'n and abo diildrcn who art? minors to op-savhii;s ;u'Counts in their own name, subject to their own order. Have", Had-li'y'J- ), . yon tret a do .Jar, "TCfitTwiw-t - . u .' you stieh an .aeeounf.'' If not. one NOW. open We pay FIVK I'EK ('KNT IN-- .. TI'.UICST on any amount from one dol- lar to and compute haid : , thou.-and- s. interot four times a year. . WKITK for an v information desired. ' I ,. n Nos. Cashier. M. (Ir.oii;t: Main Street. i p-o- WlLFOKO WO()l)UrFF, IVcst. ; uuvuuuw innnnnsuru rv arm 11 1 " e Peoples 7L,I i weight Earth and aTthings are our Fa her's Are no: we His legal heirs? Yes if we are rmek and h mble, Honest, virtuous nd true; Penitent for all our olhes, JU rciful o others, too. y. by-law- s . I. kc Ciy na folTrains and arrive lows. (In fillet Mnrth M, W"): PEI'AIiT. "The Overland Limited'' lor rhira;!, ht. raul. hi. IjouU. om:ifnt, Kat!hu Iknvornnd 1'arkCity 7;e0 a.m. City. Fa-t Mii," for Chicico, St. "The I)ul, Onia'ia, Kaii.is city and S-i- -- Section i. Any person of good, moral character who is interested in the work of this society may lx eligible to membership upon complying with the conditions prescribed in these Section 2. Active members shall con. sist of residents of the State of Utah. Life members shall consist of such residents of the State as may contribute not less than by-law- 5otojheejidm s. Fr'in three , non-residen- ts jKMiits ........ iH-nv- ? City andTTeTmr- r vti ts . Glasses -- :t r i i' i ( i : , o" 1 .1 1 . t it 1 No. Ci5 TelcphO"0 The only lint operating Through' Pullman Palaco Sleefrs. Libraiy. BullVt Smoker. Dining Cars Tourist Sleepers a U'l Free Reclining fhaii . si. - Cars. 1 non-residen- y, p.m. li'urfjiii ktr t' tuau any o!1ht line. to twelve Chi-Cfip- Of sustaining strength and skill; Use those prec.ous gif s in wisdom; Pra se His namela id trust Him sti 1. Fret not, tut ui h patience wait ye, In the Lor yuur s juIs delight; Purify f nd clransed fro.11 evil, Wen His people wi'l unite, In the strength offaiih and virtue, ' Tien shall strife and trouble cease, And 'he meek and willing triumph, In abundance, love and peace. members shall above c, ARRIVE: "Tne Overland Limitt d," fr..tn St. Lou's, ()nvh:i, Kan-u- " tltv, ahd I'ark Citv 3:li p.m. 'The Fast Mail," fM.im rhir.co, St.' F'i.K t. lx)iiist.- Omaha, Ka 'fH.i consist of of the State of literary and historical attainments. Honorary members may consist of explorers and Pioneers, or persons distinguished for literary or scientific work, particularly in the line of of American history, who are the State. Section 3. Applications lor membership shall be endorsed by not less than three active members in good standing and preLula. sented to the board of control, and, in the 1S9S. Jaarary. must case of active and life memberships be accompanied by the initiation fee. "Section 4. Life, corresponding and Mr. Iannah J.' Bailey, of Winthrop honorary members shall beexetnpt from Me., is one of the most earnest advocates of the payment ot dues audassessments. international arbitration. She inherited Section 5. Membejsshall be chosen by her ideas from her father David Johnson, a majority vote of the1x)ard of control exminister in the Society of .Friends. elect-e- d cept honorary members who shall be at the annual meetings of the Society. Section 6 Any member may be expelled - or JYIidaiifery of control, upon causey the board arid after a hearing, charges duly preferred, ' I) 11. Romania B. Pn ATT comsubject to the right of appeal to the society mences a class In midwifery every at the next ensuing annual meeting; pro six months immediately after the vided that a failure to pay any dues or asforsessments for six months shall work a semi - annual conference. Special ferture of membership. s courses ..of three months to The provide for commissioners who have been in practice. to be appointed each year by the president, Special terms given to students sent , and during the summer of every year there by-a- ny Relief Society. :: wiUbe"afieldi day oFThe please -- address Romania B. The initial and annual membership fees ars each $2, and the board of control are P ra tt , Con stitu t i o n Bldg . Mai n St.,. . given authority to levy assessments not to Salt Lake Citv. Corresponding r lk-iive- r Saints of God ! can yc be doubtful,' Who have seen the wond'rous pow'r, Shuwn in might o guard His pe p e, Through the darkest d y and hour I.I'irniJitA Ui illy. I X 8. II. M. CLARK, OLIVER W. MINK'. E. ELLERY ANDERSON, JOM s W. DOANE, FREDERICK R. COUDERT, Receivers. P 3 5 C - E. L. IX) MAX, G. 1'. & T. Agt. E. DICKENSON, Gen. Manner. II. M. CLAY, Geneial Agent. ultu ruTJxriruxTLn nrisruruijnjXTjiJirun xruu R.K. THOMAS Removed to 48 and 50 Main St.. SALT LAKE CITY. ; . The Leading Retail ' . mid-wive- "by-la- ws . rsctyT"- Por-par-tieul- ars Cash House, E.K.THGMis ; 