hXPOXEXT Wo.MA.VS J L-- and expected to organize soon in Iueblo and de vice, pmtin'g away all selfishness and pray that no more sire fox ill'.. htmiau bifnri be .jpUt, Jbut pace be. soon vev.-ean- which ce. ., ghlU'UieLA'aiiroiH nations tnaij.io J in Salt Lake City. Published , $ i.oo; one t.py six months, Terms: one copy one maae lor thibs. City papers dehv-- f 50 ct;. No m lor re1 y nl, extra postage one yrar, Jj ct.v : i Kach square, ten linrs of nonpareil A ;ip rit-sbs-- r )tc'on tm..a Sj.50; per month, $3 90. A liberal r Ti' ir Iertiers. )i-t ltn KXf JNtXT orhee, Room 208 Tr"mpU'tn,-SoutVie StreW. BO'snrs hotns From 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. every d iy. except SunJ.iy. Ad.iress 4ll business communications to. yr-ir- Salt Lake City, Utah. City, Julv Sm.i-I.a-k- City, Ut ih, Silt I aie i & 5.; Ai. i9s THOUGHTS ABOUT THE' WAR. d heart-rendin- situ-ate- afternQon-meetingT-lnU-ux- . this-Av- , , re- thJhU I i g, a ! - -- , ! ... ,. ' T TTIZ weret! " Z ! - huS ! Xtl v. oow ins will and in all sincerity consecrate aud dedicate our- armies to His. ser- 10 t - d lief Society conference was held. The morn: nttrrLd pared instead in just fine was and ride the ing enjoyable.and the by the sisters there for the use of the Relief looked country everywhere delightful and. Society and Y. L. M. I. A. The decorprosperous. ations with flags and bunting as well as Our party ''.went direct to Prem'dpnt plants, vines' and flowers was very handSmith's for instruction and lunched there, some and impressive, and the tables fairly then to the meeting house wiiere after the "groaned with the weight of the feast." sacrament had been administered the con- About two hundred and fifty people parference opened. There was an excellent took cf the bounteous repast provided, the representation from, the several branches, lack aofjime prevented speech-makinand an opening address by President Cornelthough the writer made a few remarks and lia Mortenseu. The secretary read the Sister Mortensen really rose to the occasion minutes of the previous conference which in-few appropriate words. gave a good idea of the work of the Society Our visit will long be remembered, Sis- in that locality. ter Snow always seemed ableto suit the occa-- . 1 he same eveninp-ry therpw wae ou 1UJ1 iU UCI genue way at ail "uj nnrl u 0 of the V M. aim Y. L COn mint meeuug, auuj . - t ., crtn ' e" West m 0Ur lab0IS eral invitation extended to a -t- here wa "'6 met as we a full attendance down. i'and thlther "P young missionaries fromtS ch ent and bore faithful testimonies, they are doing effective work anion? the' Twm1 ever. When we consider that among the volunteers is the very flower of American manhood (many of them only boys) patriots and sons of patriots, it is indeed terrible to think how great is the loss to the country as well as to the homes made de'solate and the heartstrings torn with anguish, and to ar those of us who feel ; might have been averted by arbitration had wisdom held her rightful sway, the fearful results already recorded are overwhelming. One can scarcely rejoice in a victory that re-- " quires such sacrifice of human lives in this enlightened age when civilization makes such boasts of mercy and of charity and brotherly love. O, the pity of it all. that it had to be And if as so many assert, undue ambition and a "spirit of revenue is prompting it then, indeed, "How have the mighty fallen." ' President McKinley's Proclamation that Colorado.organizing branches of the Church should "give thanks unto the'Lord" under" the presidency of Apostle Tohn W that we beseech the Lord in a..Wc lor contiuuea guidance and prokctioii is the Tavlor.- whom wt , ujv.v un- Hie Hiilll .in. go- proper spirit to manifest; meantime that we . i on Monday three meetings held the Relief ,aiiassa A..jfs "wcTe . On Friday morning" June 3, we left "Salt Lake City. to visit the sisters in San Luis, valley, accompanied by Sister Minnie J. Snow who represented the Y. L. M. I. A. We reached La Jara Saturday morning, where we met some of the sisters and drove over to Sanford with them. Mis. Cornelia Mqrtenseu, president of the Relief Society, took us home with her, and that afternoon and evening we had the opportunity of seeing a numler of .the sisters of that place. We dined aOJrs." Mary K. Crowther's, the secretary of the Relief Society of. the Stake, whose husband is away on a mission. -- Sun-" day morning quite a number of the Sanfcrd fer from agonizing pain are in a condition more deplorable than those who have passed o v er 10 the great beyond, wti told there is no.more pain or suffering for- - of the, Y. s VISIT TO SAN LUIS STAKK. is overpowering, and the wounded who suf- :. assisting . - , - 'irS . -- " i ana e - g r.s - . The war news is 'revolting, appalling .'ami blood curdling, and the time has most assuredly come when we cannot endure to even read the details of the occurrences transpiring from d3y to day, oue turns away from the bulletin boards faint and sick at heart, knowing, too, sometimes, that their very own if not wounded or dy-- '' ing are among the rank and file likely at any moment to be in the midst of the; dis..tress consequent upon war. O, tliat the day might speedily come when war should cease and nations be at peace one with another; but while we are. in the midst of these terrible sorrows and calamities it . !). hooves us all to exercise, faith in God and pray earnestly that the white emblem of eace may soon o'ershadow those engaged in this fearful conflict though it were undertaken to free the oppressed from the yoke of bondage. Kven now the losses on both sides are fearful to contemplate, and none know what may yet ranspire before this ""cruel prci iittingnference nein in uemg s .M ClfveV thatr3o: Whhf0eWiTlie etvin Denver and also m Colorado. V, ypHngs - I BIENNIAL, IN DENVER. ' I " Society conference occupying the uiorninhours, and tlie following day we net with the sisters of Mountain View at which plact we were literally feasted; to loo'- - at the tables one would- have imagined it vas Christmas,' and' the puzzle was wV.-r'- it all came from, roast turkey and evex. other Imaginable luxury 'away out on the open fields where the ward house was situated miles away from the dwellings. The warm welcome and generous hospitality will never be forgotten. The same afternoon we held meeting in San ford also in the evening, lK)th were largely attended. Afterwards we held meetings in Morgan and Richfield and Kastdale. the last twenty, five miles away across the Rio Grande river over which has been built a siupen-douiron bridge. The drive to Kastdale was. most interesting and there were novelties to be seen in Spanish and Mexican "" houses which are' any thing-b- ut artistic, though situated as thay are might be called picturesque. Kastdale is beautifully and at present prosperous' under the direction of Bishop Jensbn who seems to possess the elements of character necessary, for colonizing. We enjoyed this place very much, held two meetings, one at 4 pv. in., another at 8 p. m. We left early in the morning, and drove near to a rugged.; mountain on the borders of New Mexico, en route we saw several wolves who seemed President very bold and fleet of foot. Smith was sorry he; was unarmed, for he could easily have killed one or two of them. The drive across the lonely country was charming in several ways, particularly so to the writer as there jwas desert land where one M ould expect to see mirage, ind we were not altogether disappointed, at another tirne we should be very. glad to w.rte about It. We reached Manassa as we supposed in time' for an - FUBLISHKR WOMAN'S EXPONENT, Offict in tliere mankind was ' "love one another. l! .'There nun be some rejoicing- over such victories as' Dewey's and .the heroism of after all Sampson, Schley and others, but must it not :ccessarily be rejoicing. in after grief? and is Uiere real ca'use nil we admire physical bravery on land or sea. .but (UA knows whether tins oe a righteous .conflict and He will one- day And bring all the nations to judgment. hearts now 'witli heads bowed dbwn-an- d sorely stricken we mourn the nation's loss and the "untimely death of heroes whose lives were freely given lor their country's sake and the oppressed of other lands. And the end is not yet. "And the mourners go about the streets." But let us hope that this is not all, and exercise faith h God for our grand army of the Great Republic that He a ill have com-- ' passion upon those," who have gone in obedience to authority, and. preserve "in the hour cf danger the honor of this Western continent that it may indeed he an asylum and a haven of refuge for all nations, as has been declared by ancient and modern slip-presse- M. 1. l lessoiriu-al- - Ivf-rt- Enttrei at tkt toit s Ttfbav-io- slay "their enemies. Uth. semi-inuutn- l. oung-uaie- , si nee been done, T-'ha-s '. ZTTT Tu of.ubsheld i .r ,pral in Denver, y mursaay, june 22, .aim an without doubt ing Monday 27th,. Ted cess.l ""P-elicthe latest,.c and . ;u "U1::.C1IU kind, rn mnuenuai that-ha- s r garnering 01 women ui ever assembled for really 