: HfaS EMSfSUSR B. cX PO NE NT -- WELLS, C.ii. - Editor. SdtfrUt Cmtruir. y m Salt Lake City, Utah, Published rernw: one copy one fc.tr, Ji.oc; one copy six months, deliv50 cu No reductiou made tcr dubs. City papers ered by mail, extra k.r postage one year, 5 eta. A4ertisir rates.-- .Each s; iare. ten lines of nonprj-ei- l it mice one une.Ja.30; per month, ij.oo. A liberal semi-mouta- l, d;s-CJX- re'ii.". orbce, Room 203 Templetan,' South Ternm. m. a. to every 5 p. pla Street. Buisness hoars From 10 Sunday. except day, Address nil bu.it nes3 communications to Exponent PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, Salt Lake City, Utah. ttyi-cLis- s 'ust Qf.ct in Salt tk matter . Salt Lakh , Lii City, UtjA,at - City, May 15 to 26, 1S9S. One w - e n ga g ed inn e wspa pe r - w 0 r k 'cannot help thinking- and feeling-- that the .people in whose interest this class of toilers labor are .very unappreciative. . No matter how earnest and diligent. the efforts of editors and reportcri whose time, thought and energies are literacy absorbed in what can, be done to advocate, instruct and reform, to keep their readers abreast of the times and acquainted with such matters as come within their particular province, it Seems to be one and the same unless financial success is se-- -- - - cured. ve -- y -- j all-wer- -- The 1 e 1 1 my-ma- ny " ' - p - chc-erin- g -- who are always prompt with subscriptions wonder how it can possibly be that the paper is not more prosperous, and those The "pre-er- e ' ' - EDITORS AND PEOPLE WHO READ' ho.-is- ; . ' u'' fvf sTrr r period and iLat'alL may return heloine on the people "along these lines 0 artCTgCiat- - .safely.higher thought, higher education s If this be a righteous war, a struggle for er enlightenment. ,t Those who are fimiii.r w ith the business human liberty, then men who go forth have a right to expect that the Lord will matters of the papers published in Salt Lake-Citthose engaged in over-iuland know what financial embarrassments His work. He is able to care for those who there have been to battle with, and how diffigo, on the sea .and' on the land, "who put cult it has been to keep going. To come down to the little paper, '.the their trust in Him and jfave faith in His '"Woman's Exponent," an.d tell its readers guidance and protection. The first company of Utah Volunteers how it has championed the cause of trie wor men of this intermountain region would take-fa- took their departure May" 15, to join Col. Cerpinly Torrey's regiment at Ft. Russell near Cheytoo much time . and space. Saint women ought to know enne, in charge of Gen. John Q. Cannon. the Latter-dapicked men, who were all exand to realize that the greatest efforts have Eighty-fou- r been and are being made to keep it alive; pected to be excellent riders and good marksmen. 'They went without any parade and surely its record has been for the eleva tion and education of women along all- the of banners or music, no'display of any sort lines of progressive thought and general inyet these brave boys are expected to go into the heat of the battle, into the most dangerformation, and the encouragement of home ous placfs; it was as though the citizens did industries and home culture. not realize the situation; many regrets have As a matter of fact some of the ablest authors an.d writers among the young people been expressed since that they were allowed any ort of patriotic demonstra- began their literary work in the columns cl to go without out vva rt y ca letters that 1 ion , b u t -- w h i le the "Woman1 Exponent;' fervent pra ers were quietly offered have been received from time to time showing fhe interet taken in this ' little paper are up and blesdngs wafted to heaven as the proof tLrect of the importance oi'its mission train pulled out of the depot bearing the to those outside of the Church;, and to the loved ones away. On May 20th the two companies ofartill-sisters and Eiders on missions there is abundant testimony of- its value. Recently ihe .ery, Battery A. and Battery B. that had leen editor received a letter from Amsterdam askrecruiting and drilling at Camp Kent broke-camand marched to the depot bands- of ing that a comnlete n!e of the "Woman's Ttlxno'nent" be furnished for the Exhibition J music, tbgs from all the available pfacesr which will be held at the Hague during the and the National Guard in uniform at.d coming summer of Woman's Industries and crowds'of citizens and school children lined and showingevery dem-- . the streets subjects 'concerning ''the woman's question. This is the fifth call of this kind, though it onstration of respect, ad miration and patriotis the first from a foreign country, and vvUI ism the University and Latter day with their handsome flags and banbe responded to as soon as possible. This number of the paper completes the ners made a most effective display. Captain Richard W. Young and Captain F. J. Oizzt 26th year of its publication, and what advantage it.has been to the women of this werein charge of the Coaipanies. Crfinmiitees of ladies who had been diliregion of country and particularly to the women of ' Zion can never be estimated. gently working in the interest of the VolunHowever, let us all hope that the future teers beibreliand. were at the station and qiaT4xrore-lt4pefuIa- nd that those en- - served coffee, cakes and sandwiches to ofiic- gagedin the various branches and along ers and men, not omiting any; the cars had been handsomely, decorated by the ladies the several lines of. woman's work and progressive thought may see the importance of 'with small flags, streamers and bunting, also lilacs, snowballs and other flowers of the a paper that makes a specialty of recogniz' ing women's organizations and of keeping seasoi. livery thing that could be done to in touch, with the interests of women make it an occasion pleasant to look back generally and encouraging all higher, purer.' upon by the. boys when far away seemed to and better living according to ' higher Taws have been, thought out and accomplished. in the home and in the great world of Thi Guidons given by the Cleofau to each campany were conspicuously in evidence and made an attractive feature in the display On Tuesday, May 24, the last company THE UTAH VOLUNTEERS. of Utah .Volunteers un ier Captain Caine of the Cavalry left Camp Kent, having been The hearts of the mothers, wives, sisters ordered to San Francisco. The day was not daughters and svreethearts,, and of many very fine but yet crowds cf patriotic people fathers, brothers and friends in this fair waited on the to streets cheer and give them State have been stirred to their inmost as .honor on their .way to the they pas-edepths during the last few day s by the de-' on horseback in; uniform, bands were parture from home of the Utah Volunteers, depot who it is confidently expected will soon be playing and banners and flags waving' and called into actual7 service in this cruel war every demonstration wf respect shown them now in operation between" Spain and the and 'the goodbyes farewells and God bless you continuous .and heartfelt. ; The. cars United States,; The leave takings'a.nd farewells have been pathetic to say the least, were beautifully decorated by the committee of ladies and the committee on refreshthough all have tried to be brave and stouthearted when saying their goodbye and ments accompanied the Cayalfyr men to Ogden and served refreshments on the "God bless you," ... It is the first experience of the kind since train.. these mountain vales were settled, though there have been Indian skirmishes in which some have had to engage.yett hese difficultEDITORIAL, NOTES. ies were near home dnd only a few Were called out and that only for a brief time; Errata: In the poem 44 Hispania" pubwhile, with those who leave now time and lished in the last '"Exponent, ' the word place is uncertain. - God grant it may be liberty in the last line should have been blood. " ANSIS W3LLS iAASvX h!ertd it EXPONENT. WOMAN'S . few ho do not trouble about paying, or move horn 'place to place and never pay up are olten aggrieved at this and that, and when newspapers are so amply illustrated many think it an actual hardship to pay ior something not so progressive, or so much in these days of -- sensa tionoL keeping vvuii literature and pictorial illustrations, and there-lor- e a very plain, modest, unassuming paper that comes directly into the home life with-oany flourishes or ostentation is considered ol little or no consequence, and does not please the public. Financial success is not the rule in the line of work followed by women's papers generally, who advocate reform, in fact it is the exception and not the rule. During of the newspapers the last lew years many and magazines published by women have had to suspend nnd others that are still struggling, labor under heavy encumbrances and 1 great responsibilities. The Woman's Journal of Boston perhaps (and indeed we might 'be justified in saying the most popular and most widely circulated ol any woman's paper in America, entered upon its 29th year in January last, and in an editorial note records the fact that in 1870 when it was founded, 72, ooo was raised lrom friends of the movement by the editor and rounder, Lucy StoneMor its x capital. Within the first two years "all that capital wras expended and further financial aid was needed and . was forthcoming. And moreover it is stated Vthat the Woman's A1-- . Journal has never been most every year its friends have had to meet a deficit The recompense is in the live"' advance in public sentiment, the. change of laws, custtmisband opinions, and various other concessions and reforms in the establishment of political equality, munic-ijjand school government and in every way w ut - . . 1 . self-supportin- co-educati- on dl Saints-college- s - , -- -- " - d ' . ; V . 