T hJ.::,)i".-.".4 -- ,.iVw f lrom ny 4.Vvl to Germany. the Rcilef Society meeting A vkky pleasant social was given in the 14th ward Assembly hall in honor of Brother Ezra Stevenson on the evening of the 24th Of March, previous to his departure for New Zealand, this being his second mission to that far off land. Appreciating his faithfulness in the performance of his duties, the members of the ward and his many friends united in the effort to show their great esteem for him. Hirini Whanuga, the M aori chief and family lent their presence for the occasion. The room was decorated with ferns and banners, tastefully the one at the head of the hall bearing the inscription, "Long live our Superintendent,", another at the side reading, "Your on your many friends wish you journey." . An excellent program "was rendered, after which refreshments were served by the young ladies. All felt to say "God bless Brother H?ra Stevenson.". . , God-speed , Utah has been favored of visits from Governors of other states; the Govern or of Utah of whom the people are justly proud, has had an opportunity ' to extend hospitality and welcome to these distinguish ed visitors.aud maintain the hospitable charcredited with in acter Utah has always-beethe past. Governor Adams and wife of Colorado and: Governor JRdchards and wife of Wyoming were in Salt Lake City, at the same time' and it was fully that Governor Stonenberg of Idaho would join A the party here, but he did not come. dinner at the Alta Club for the jGovernors their friends and colleagues, and a luncheon at Col. Clayton's for the ladies of the party and other local ladies was a part of the program of entertainment, a trip to Saltair and a reception at- the Knutsrord were also features of their sojourn. More recently still Governor Hastings of late-wit- h -- -- n . - x - . tiiegreatjjtateLEejmsjl ied by his wife and daughter and District Attorney McCormick wife and daughter.al-s- o Senator Cochran wife and daughter, who had been touring in the West, paid Salt Lake City a brief visit and were shown the and bore a 'good testimony U) the truth of the Gospel. During the trip' all around President M.'A. IIydev who is. near-leighty-twwonderyears of age, kepl-uand seemed equal to the responsibilifully ties resting ujx)n her in her office and calling; in fact she seenud to improve as we traveled from place to place. o CALIFORNIA MISSION. Dca Editor'. Tin-- 10th of February being the anniversary cf the marriage of President and Mrs. Nye, the Relief Society tendered them a dinner at the Mission houe. Highly )eo--piwere seated at- the, tables, which were laden with all the good things one could desire. The guests were waited on by Miss Lilly Boetlefeld, Miss Flossie Sarll, Miss Adle Boedefeld MissHdith Sarll and Miss : e - .Hlo:enciawinsan '. A .' Crunev Uw Mar-ai- et halt ot life M. identification as cussion V. V. C. live dollars lor A dis.a charter member. ways and means .followed and the question was left as unfinished business. The secretary read a letter from the cor0:1 responding secretary of the Woman's Club inviting the appointment or a representative to meet with them in general council for discussing, important questions of general 'interest. Dr. Orielle Curtis nominated Ruth M. Fox and the motion was carried. A letter was read from the acting chair- matuff the U. W. P. C. soliciting donition of one dollar towards establishing traveling Motion" agreeable to invitation libraries was carried. , Mrs. La wler .was' admitted as a, member and beg:i-- the evening's program with a charming pajKT on France. WIrs. Rachel .Miller tead one equally as interesting on Noted Men of France.. Mrs. Lizie Wilcox gave a delightful short talk on Noted Wo- men of France. The program was announcr etl - for nex t tn ee t i n g r t h c- - j i u t es w ere read and with one correction' accepted, and the V. club adjourned for one month. Program for next meeting: Paper on Spain, .;-- Pliebe C. Young; Cuba, Dr. Orielle Curtis; Kmily S.. Portugal, Richards. Poem, Dr. Ivllis R., Shij)p. Quotations from Spanish authors. M. A. J"..Lami!i:kt, Sec. v: i Y t F ' vice-presiden- t, by-law- - . T , - 1 1 . . 1 . TO SISTI'R L. M. HART. Tin: souvenirs presented you This day, c uinot express Our loving appreciation ..Of your works of mhieousness. We've labored with you m iny years, And proved you ever true, When you tnajred to do a work, That you would surely do-. 1 .ve've Uw-imay-ti-m'n To counsels you have given, To Zion's tlauhters to lie pure, And make on earth a heaven. '., You have taught us age to honor, To our dear mothers kind, That on the earth no other, . . Like mother could we find. . 1 . . 1 branch They were kept busy nearly three hours and in a most gracious manner waited ' upon all wlio came. Many investigators hearing of the event came to do honor to Brother and Sister. Nye who are ever ready to help in the cause of truth, one would have thought he Was in Utah to look down the long banqueting table, and see so many well known Utah people, among whom were Brother Lorin F irr of Ogdcn, "Don C. Musser, Sister Mary J. Young and son Briant Young; also Willie Mackintosh of Salt -- Lake and many other former residents of Utah, and ten Llders laboring in San Francisco and vicinity helped to swell the number Sister M. A. Rattenberry, president of the Relief Society, made a speech while the guests' were still seated at the table, in her well known and pleasing style. The other officers, Sisters Sewell, Simpkin, Sarll and WoodwaYd, followed in neat little "speeches full of loving words to Mister Nye, wTrcr labors with them so faithfully to help in the mission work in California. The evening was spent in vocal music ana recuauons by members of the branch, and a most en joyable time .was spent. The Relief Society is progressing and the sisters feel that God is blessing their work. interesting places etc. The Governor and his staff escorted the party to the Tabernacle, the President's office where Ida M. Sakj.l, Sec. they met Presidents Woodruff and CanSan Francisco, March 17, 189S. non of the L. D. S. Church, and to. Fort Douglas where they were welcomed with military honors and music, also a. trip to U. W. P. C. Saltair, Col. Kent and party joining with the Governor and his staff and Attorney General The ladies of the U. W.i P. C. met as Bishop with invited guests from the city, per adjournment aiJitme woman s ex making quite a pleasant party. Col. Kent ponent" office Monday, March 6, 1S9S; kindly furnished musiciaqs from the Fort The president, Dr. R. B, Pratt, being abwhich added much to the enjoyment of the sent the Mrs. R H. Doolan, party while at the pavilion,- and made the occupied the chair. Prayer was offered by trip still more interesting. Mrs. Mary A. rreeze. The roll" call was re sponded toby quotations from Madame De On Sunday evening and meetings were held in 'Fairview Stael. Dr. Orielle Curtis was appointed by vote critic for the. year. though the weather was most unfavorable, unanimousunfinished business the s of Under yet the people came in large numbers. At Fairview we were delighted to meet once the club were read and discussion thereon Mrs. K. B Wells moved that more Sister ' Mary A. Pitchforth who has followed. be alternate' director in presided over the Relief Society there from Miss Laura Hyde its first organization. She is very greatly the State Federation of Utah Woman's beloved; at present she is' very feeble and ClubsMrsv L. S. Dickinson being director. looks frail, but her courage is sublime and t Motion carried. The question of issuing- receipts for memher faith in the work is firm and steadfast. At Fairview we met with ,tvo young men bership Was also presented by Mrs. E. B. from the city who were traveling on busi Wells and left over as unfinished business. ness Elders Melvin D. Wells and Brigham She then drew the club's- - attention to the T. Cannon, the latter I just home recently ' George Washington Association, stating principal that Tis not alone by precept, .You've pointed out the way, But by your own example, Gohsistent day fjy day. Refinement and intelligence, VVe know that you possess, And that you seek for wisdom, In truth and holiness. . Our martyred Prophet taught the Saints That they must knowledge gain, For they could not in ignorance, Eternal life obtain. Atid you're among the faithfu', Who prize the ta'ents given, And thus prepare by faith and prayer, Todwe!l with Saints in heaven. Oftimes have we been welcomed . Into your pleasant home, Where rays of lively sunshine. Upon our hearts'would come. the orphan, You've been kind-untYou've clothed and fed the poor, And for your acts of kindness, God bkss you, evermore. ; -- o -- 