WOMAN'S 'EXPONENT.. 28 YVUlYlA 1 , s rr? vrfrr IS 4 ' fj n. ' WRI.1.&. -- WRLLS LASNON ANN -. C4-- ' J. - Editor,- - 'flSmrnt Cmtnfr . . . - scrai-motithiy- ." Advertising rates: Kch square ten lines of nonpr.rri A liberal disspice one t;tn?, 2.30; per month, $3.00. " count regular adertisers. Tm-piTemr'cton, South KM'onknt ortirp, Room Street, iFJuism-s- hours I'rom 10 a. m. to S p. m. every, 7 day, except Sunday. Address ilj business communication to . e s 'PUULISIIKR WOMAN'S EXPONENT. . Entered at tht lecond-clr.s- s mirier.- l ost Salt Lake Citv, Utah. Office in Suit Me City, Utih, at - SALTl.AKK CITY; Ai'M'ST 15,' V- rnl'icfr,, uuk:,;uu -- UiUia: . ia 'S.Ut Lake City, Utah. one Terms: copy on? yrar,i.oo; one copy six niun.na,. mart-- ; Jor dub. N.J reduction City p ipcrs dehv-cts. 50 ered by raiil.extn for postage one yv;ir,s'cw .'Published'- tZ.?. M any the homes of a free people. VhaOvill be oT to resort the short means war, arms was the after effect uixm these brave and .gallant men is still 1 y: lint what of our buy wlio be stopped, m one. way or the other, 1 ' 'Usidtr ' f.,i,('f(,r th, Cubans? Thu. men who. JilrMih circumstances a blessin died gloriously are "safe b.ut they are only'a. wnr under many -all along from t he play ground to the throne. fe w cb m j a red t o t h ose w h o su r v i y C w i tftir war with England we gained life ever be the same to' them Again?"- To Through a free republic. Through the few perhaps and we trust so to all of independence and Saints;- but our Civil war we freed foiir million slaves. our own people the Latter-dais thoroughly thrashed on to the masses who bravely faced death as Every bully that volunteers. It will be a problem; and the play ground gives new liberty and. self, .to- half a dozen other boys. If there are home problemsof great importance respect in the all her Spanish dynasty financial and moral to be considered in the can overturn be loss it the worth of will islands men and near future. is not worth Life much without ships. Men m general consider this war unis one that wc did not regret avoidable but many women and a few men liberty. My brutal nation, with her ' think it might have been avoided, but wo- thrash that cruel, men were not considered, their opinions, bull fights and inquisitions, long ago. It Js were not counted but, their money, their a miracle to me that she has been tolerated in the heart of Europe. Our preshomes,, their taxes will make them a part so long of the after thought. Their past so far has ent civilization, on the competitive system, been first of all to give their sous, their hus- is, based on the war principle: 'Every man bands to their country, they have done this for himself; starvation and death for the All" talk about peace, nationhindmost nobly and heroically. . Then they gave service such as women can render in many al and international conventions are ,of na ways, through organizations, nurses and special value at this sta2 of our developships; they went into the camps and field ' ment. Justice, liberty, equality for all first, hospitals and aboard the ships and in every and then 'that' peace that passe th all unde': . way possible did efficient duty among the rstanding.'" Julia .Ward Howe: "I consider the pressick and wounded. And what will be the next chapter'in the course of emits they ent war with Spain to have been inevitable. must bear their share of the expense of the Suffering Cuba has long agonized 'under nation. Men sometimes forget that women Spanish misrule. Her sufferings have ken are oronertv owners, that the war taxes so aggravated by the barbarous methods of. will fall heavily upon Women "as" ' well "as warfare adoptell by Spanish commanders as men. Women are not exempt from tax- - to have become intolerable, not to the ation even where there is no representation Cubans alone, but to the verv heart of The Christian world had reason and that is almost every when as only four to be deeply concerned when the Powers of states have equal suffrage; I his burden of taxation among otuers Western Europe declined to interfere for will have to be borne by women, for where the prevention of the cruel outrages which women are not property owners, as in the the Spanish government inflicted upon the family, life of men and women, women Armenians, and which were a stain upon must help to pay theAtaxes by economy the' honor of .Christendom. I thank God and thrift if not by actual labor. The that we are doing something to retrieve this opinions of prominent women in the United disgrace by rising up to help our neighbor States on the war question is being sought in her need." after. by some editors,, and Mary A. Livermore: "Whether the war --w4t i or no: I am ndt jcjainly Aewm have lived ree and foiir score years ought sufficiently. acquainted-with the facts to to be worth something to the public. The brutal misgovernment of judge. Susan B. Anthony said: "There is, there S)rin for centuries has wrought such can be no justifiable cause for w3r save that wretchedness and desolation in Cuba, with founded on the barbarism of one or both of no hope of a change for the better, that it the nations enterirfg into that mode of set- called for the interference of the United tling differences, but Quaker though I am, States, which demanded of Spain the indeI alwayshope and pray for success to the pendence of Cuba. They that are strong most nearly civilized party.aud that, in this ought to bear the infirmities of the weak case, goes. without a'question on the side of and not to please themselves. The ques- United States. But the time is not far dis- tion of Cuban freedom could not be subtant when fighting to settle differences be- mitted to the arbitration of tween two nations will be no less horrible nations. Their attitude towards European Turkey, than is fighting now between two men." with Armenian massacre and Dr. Anna H: Shaw: "I do not consider extermination forbade it. The United the present war justifiable, because war to States .was compelled to deal with Spain be justifiable should be the last resort of a alone. Whether President McKinley could civilized- people. President McKinley have accomplished the desired end without through representatives war,, but for. the interference of Congress, is , made if clearly understood that if Congress problematical. I have thought so, but my would adjourn and end all discussion, has been modified as the war has . which aroused. only hatred of the Spaniards opinion I believe in the ultimate a.bo- - y progressed. for the Americans without relieving the lition of war, I cannot ignore the fact that Cubans, war would have been "averted. ' it has been a powerful factor in the evoluAlice Stone Blackwell, a young womaq, tion of civilization." ' says: 'T think the war was justifiable if it 9ther womett whose opinions on this was the only way of . stopping Spanish have been given to the press are atrocities in Cuba. Whether it was the subject Mrs. John A. Losran. Ellen M. Henrotin,- or I not am not sure and do not only wy J, Ellen Foster, Ella Kuowles Haskell and feel, that my knowledge of international disome not as widely known. It would be plomacy is complete enough to enable" me well ipr the readers of the "Exponent" to to form a valid If the object carefully opinion. consider this question, it is well to - RKMEK SOCIETY CONNER JSNCK. Relief Society Conference of Salt Lake Stake will he held in the Assembly hall iiblbis city, on Saturday, September 4, meetings commencing at 10a. in., and 2 It is confidently hoped p. in.', as usual. that every branch in the. Stake will he represented by its president and a number of the members. ' Bishops and presiding brethren arelordially invited and all others who are interested in' charitable and philanthropic work for the good of humanity. By order of M." Isabella" Iloriie, President.' Tin.1 - . 1 1 - - y - . A. - hu-inanit- THE WAR AND ITS EFFECTS. Theie was never a time in the world's history so full to overflowing. of matters of great importance as the present and especially this year, the world over teems with interesting and even exciting conditions and circ'.'.mstanee.s, and those who live today cannot fail to be impressed with the stirrinj events that cask their shadows all about-usmaking one feel alive to the very centre of his being. To enumerate the remarkable occurrences in detail is the woik of the. daily papers, and what a labor it is, and who can' read what is written without strong emotional1 sensations: "Whither are we drifting?" might well be asked, but who shall answer ? Have we really fallen upon evil times? One might almost think so, and yet there are blessings innumerable vouchsafed us even in these times of war and bloodshed and .' desolation.' The war is over we hear repeated and reechoed on all sides, but its attendant consequences cannot be done away with for a long time and meantime conditions resulting from the war are not easily adjusted. During the period cf a few months ever since the Cuban question forced itself upon .the people .of .the. United States, the most intense thought has been given to this momentous question of Cuba's freedom; the destruction of the Maine precipitated' the urgent call to arms and what has followed here and elsewhere can neer all be told or written. The horrors of war that come in blood and woundsar.ddisea.se as well as death are too, grave and serious to d well upon and one tries to put aside this terrible tragedy of war if it can be done;" but Uo those in the midst of these scenes what must it "be ? And it is our own Amercar boys, the "flower or the land, the pride of - ' -- . , y. , -- liberal-minde- d li-S- pa - ' red-hande- d - - ; . 