WOMAN'S EXPONENT," -- 1 iftsZ send somYoi-tnVislainds to visit, them in" their and I hope that we missionary sisters may be able to visit all the" branches of the society on the islands ill the near future. At present "their are five sisters on the mission, myself, Sister Ella C. Berdno, Sister Tryphena B. GarfF, Sister Elizabeth C. Williams and Sister Jennie Patten Musser. We are striving for a knowledge of the language and endeavoring in our weak way to teach the sisters here principles that will elevate them. Besides our Relief Society r.zz in the Sunday work we each have s School and assist in the' Mutual Improvement and the Primary work. We have our temporal labors to attend to, and feel' thankful for having the privilege of spending a portion of our time in. assisting to roll on We feel that we have this great work. been greatly blessed in so doing. Any word of encouragement or instruction from our leading sisters at home would - beIadlrecived"byus7Wereceive' valuable and 7";r of these The historv V - sects until tbetime of our Savior h very obscure indeed, partly from the. deficiency of ancient records, and partly from the igijorance and hostility of. those who have written concerning them. After the decease of the'apostles arose. the Gnostics, vho claimed ability to restore to mankind the lost knowledge, of the true and Supreme God, and announced the overthrow of that church which Christ and His associates had set up. Thus we find that different .sects then existed as todayr and opinions Were just as varied as now.. E. H. L. And when you tfi-- a do. lar, deposit it with Zion'ts Savings Bank V Trim Company, the old.est and largest savin. bank in Utah, Since the establishment of the bank t we hayo opened more " -- FIVE PEH CENT IN-do- id WlLFOUD WOODHUFF, Presl. M. Cannon, CVliier. ...- Gi-xjug- - his'country-of-25fO(Xv- Nos. -5 Main Street. w was to be expended in founding an American University. It was his desire that the JVIiduiifery highest education of the youth of America should be upon American soil under He wished to found American influences. comDr. . Romania B. education a university where the highest mences a class in midwifery every should be given in the principles underlyimmediately after the The bequest was six months ing true statsraanship. Special made with the most careful directions as to semi annual conference. s to months of three courses t.: carrying out his intentions. who have been in practice. The money, perhaps through neglect was lost, but the idea rem lius a perpetual legSpecial terms given to students sent For pa racy and incentive to the whole people of "by any Relief Society. the United States. It was not only a duty eticulars, please, address Romania R. to the memory of Washington to make his Pratt, Constitution Bldg. Main St., thought a reality, but our highest duty to Salt Lake City. ourselves and rising generations to take adOn the vantage of his wise forethought. 22nd of February exercises of a patriotic R. DR. nature will be held in all the schools of in Ob Utah. On that day when all hearts will be Teaches two classes vearlv ' n n 1 ug 3 ust "s tWa cTairdN turned" to tTilTjeatTM above all others like the lofty mountain after the spring and fall Conference. peak above the valley,, may not the rush of Special opportunities and prices are grateful thought be crystalized into a good given to Societies sending students, deed which will erect an enduring monument and also to those who Have had to the memory of Washington The Utah previous study. committee on the George Washington mem-oriaFor full particulars please comduly organized under the national committee, .request that a collection of municate either personally or by small sums of money be taken up on that letter with Ellis R. Shipp., M. D. day in the public schools. Large sums are not wanted or asked for. The penny or 75 Center Street, Salt Lake City." the nickel .brings with it the interest of the child, and every individual contributing helps to make a broads foundation upon which the university shall rest. We appeal to parents and to teachers to help to make the collection indicate the patriotic spirit of the people of Utah We confidently believe that the response to this appeal will be uniRemoved to 48 and 50 Main St.. and rest our cause in the hands of versal, the citizens ol the State. " Glasses. Pratt THE FIRST SOME OF THE SECTS OF CENTURY. . Epicurus. Among the first we read-oworld arose believed the The lipicuriaus from chance; that the soul was mortal; that pleasure was sufficient to live for. . The Academics denied the possibility of arriving at truth and certainty; held it uncertain whether God existed or not,- or whether the soul was mortal or survived the body. The god of Aristotle was a bei a, regard-- , less of human affairs, such a god people had Jittlej:iTspn to love or fear. Thctfod of theStolcs had a little more of majesty. He was described as a corporeal being and subject to fate. Plato seems to have exceeded all the other He philosophers in wisdom and" reason. be believed the world to governed by an independent, powerful and intelligent God, and he taught men what to fear and what Yet his doctrine to hope for after death. rested on, very slender foundations. - In Egypt arose another sect called the Eclectic. They held Plato in the highest esteem but they modified his doctrine and incorporated what they pleased from other philosophers. Many other sects flourished in Palestine at the birth of our Savior. They were knowTn under the names of Eseenes, Galileans, Herodians, Nazarites, Scribes and Publicans. There was also the Jewish and Samaritan. Yet the Jewish had lost much In the New of its primitive character. Testament we read of the' Pharisees and the Sadducers. The Pharisees disregarded in ternal purity land sought for popular applause. The Sadducees discarded all future reward and punishments. The Essenes, a fanatic vand superstitious tribe, made piety to consist in holy indolence, and thus they severed themselves ' from society. Our Savior and His twelve apostles, the Christian church was founded, as we are aware, at Terusalem, but the ambassadors of Christ traveled over1 a great part of the word. A number of churches founded by mid-wive- f , - ELLIS ., . . tt SHIPPj - ! . l, R.E.THOMAS " . M. B. . Salisbury, SALT LAKE CITY. Chairman. C. M; Allen, Hester Harkness, Vice-Chairma- . n. The Leading Retail " ; ' ..... "' ' E. B. Wells, Secretary. .. Press Representative. Cash. ' . l- TEKEST on any amount from .one UTAH MKMOKIA1. CQMMITTKK. quest-t- o pay - NKAKtY one hundred yearsago the great be- --America n, George Wa sh ingtou x le U:a interesting regularly your is which greatly appreciated by us. paper Your sister in the Gospel, Alice R. Wooixky. We lar to thousandfi, and compute interest four times a ear. WHITE foranv information denned. ADDRESS. . sav- 1 . ' than , lO.OX) : , ings account a. The laws of Utah permit marvh-,women and also children whb are minors to open pavings accounts in their own name, subject to their own onjer. Have If not, onon you fuch an account? one, NOW. I ( . i To live in the presence of great truths, to be led by permanent ideals that is whatkeeps a man patient when the world ignores him, and calm and unspoiled when the world praises him. ,. : : ;. - ELK. onse 4 