X J ' WOMAN'S EXPONENT. brought up,. A motion ws made by rs Mid seconded by K; Iydia D Press be Club U : alie annual executive incoMra'' AiUhafthe SLigaof vvtvu ' Movedby .Mrs. K. WITyde1 'ff.in'OTrah'i ivHl convene1 on the" 24th seconded by Ellis R. Shipp that the presi a .committee to attend toMt1 th of October (inclusive) under dent apiK)irit n tiiP " The piesiflent appointed Mrs. E the auspices" of the Woman's Department carried. The B. Wells and .Mrs. Margaret A. Caine. ;K xposition. of the A letter was read by the correspond rates from the West are more-- reasonable than ever before, and it is desirable that secretary, L. I). Alder, front the editors of women who have means should educate Woman's Work tlianking the club for their which, is splendid icport, als' asking for .meritorious themselves in the Council-idepapers written by club members; aiso read .much more' important, influential and than one might think who is not a letter from the secretary of the State Federation in regaid to annual dues for thoroughly posted on the subject. ANNOUNCEMENT. " JJ.-AVtl- ls ' .... T't "t X.XJH . Cntrtt H'Et IS CI.K.SON Cm.'ut). . 1 in Salt City,. Utah, Punished one copy six months, terms: or.i copy on? yr.tr. J coo; nr'ctabs. NoWuctiou City papvrs delivm.ile 5,0 cts. ered by.mai!, extra fur postage one year, 25 cts. te rtiiip-'ratr- sf square, ten lines of nonp'.reil month, $3.00. A liberal trc i $o; per ok; r.ioe, sp i'U-rt:s. lUt . ' orhre, Room 208 Tempkton, South Tem-piFrom 10 a. rn. to 5. p. m. very, Street.' 1 y, except Sunil.iv. A ive dis-crxitT- er. KPnkst . c P.uisni-ss-hour- Address ill ?i -- s biiiint-s- s con;ii!unications to PUBLISH KR . WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Salt Lake City, Utah. Knttrti at f'J.t t it tfCond-ch- Office in Soil lake City, Utik. as matitt. fi SAI.tI.AXK CJTV OCTOIiTK I 15, l.S. Trans-Mississip- far-reachi- Conference The General held this month commencing on Thursday the 6th inst., and closing its sessions' on Sunday afternoon," October 9, was one of the'niost important conferences in .the hisThe solemn and im tory of the Church. pre.vive spectacle of the voting by the several quorums of the priesthood and the general assembly was calculated to awaken the spiritual emotions of every member of the Church and to make a lasting impression upon all who witnessed it. The sermons and instructions during the couleience have he7n particularly spiritual in their character, although some temporal matters have necessarily been brought to the attention of the people in a forcible way, which cannot but be beneficial in the daily lives of those who are striving "to build' up a great commonwealth, and to establish piinciples of economy, industry and. thrift, as shall prove to those who receive the same their faiyiJjAtiitir-ivork- s; 7Tlie greaTneed of faith in. God has been one of the strong points in all the teaching given, and the need of a living and abiding testimony of the truth of the Gospel as revealed in this last dispensation. The prosperity of the people in these valleys, the abundance of good things of this life enjoyed by those who have settled here in Utah' linger such adverse circumstances, the great work of gathering the Saints from other lands, and many other subjects were treated upon by the speakers, and the future awaiting those who remained faithful to their covenants entered into and obligations resting upon them were plainly set forth to the understanding of all present. The music has been bf the highest class, indeed everything has been done to uplift and encourage the Saints, and one cannot help feeling that those who came to be fed with the thread of life have received each a portion in due season and it has created "a feelingof confidence in the hearts of those who hearkened and heard r that those who preside here upon the earth do indeed have Him who rules and reigns communion over the destinies of the children Of men, .and that they know the mind and will of the Lord from day to day and from time to time concerning ZionV of 'serenity and of peace abides with the Saints the turmoil, strife and up- notwithstanding . . . rising among uie nations ot the earth of which we hear and read continuallv. The Relief Society and the Y. L. M. I. A. are both connected with the National Council, and every officer and also members of the great organization .should try to get a proper understanding of the advantages that occur to the associations through their membership and standing with other wo men the world ovc-r-. , . h A-feeli- ng 1 EDITORIAL NOTES. al -- w-it- ng . THE GENEK AL CONFERENCE. Semi-Annu- pi j- - . There will" be ail entertainment given at the handsome new residence of ..Mr. and Mrs. O.J.Salisbury in this city in the inter est of the woman's department of the George Washington Memorial Fund. Utah was given its proportion, a thousand dollars, and nearly that amount was raised in small donations from the school children. ' A lit tle over a hundred dollars is lacking to make up the thousand and a unique programme has been prepared by the committee who have had the work in charge, which will be more than compensation for the price of the tickets. It will not be a social aflfair, but there will be music and other pleasing features and a talk by Captain Ducat who was in" the battle at Santiago de Cuba. The meetings of the National Woman's . . .1 ueiu mis Keneir oocieiy 1.11 mouui have been fraught ,with much interest and a general good feeling has been manifested in the charitable and philanthropic-worof this oldest organization; and the instruction given by President ZinaD. H. Young and Jier counselors and assistants has been of a liature calculated to bind together and strengthen the work in the ariou-- ; to increase the interest of the Society in the several lines of work necessary to the accomplishment of the purposes when the organization was effected. To elevate and uplift the condition of those who need assistance temporally or spiritually, to provide employment for the idle and to secure the wheat that has been gathered and held in trust as well as add to the quality now while bounteous harvests are. being These garnered. other matters have been discussed by - those" in this centre Stake of Zion and bvresiding those who have come from a distance, until it would seem these topics must T)e. thoroughlv understood. t- - 1 . k locali-tiesan- d de-signe- d and-man- the coming year. It was moved by Mrs Iv. B. Wells and seconded by Ruth M. Fox that the dues be, paid; carried. What, shall we do at our inkial net'ing' Dr. Ellis R. Shipp was then discussed. moved that we" meet at Mrs. Bunnell's hone It was also decided 25 First St. ; carried. that the club have vim open discussion on the late queen of Denmark, the Dreyfus case-anHallowe'en, Dr. Ellis R. Shipp, Helen Y. Kimball and Ruth M. Fox lead' ing in the respective topics.. It was decided that we hold a business meeting, Monday, October 10, at 7'0'clcck p. m., at the "Exponent"' office. A most interesting and instructive paper on the Empress Elizabeth of Austria wss read by Helen V. Kimball, and meeting adjourned to meet at Mrs. Bunnell's, Oct. 31. Dismissed by Lydia D. Alder. Rt Tii .M. Fox, Act. Sec. 1 EMPRESS OF AUSTRIA. KLIZAPKT.Il AMKI.IA KUGKNIK, EMPRESS OF AUSTRIA AND QUKKN OF HUNGARY. The people of Austria and Hungary were overwhelmed with sorrow and grief when the dreadful tidings reached the palace that their beloved empress had been brutally assassinated at Geneva, Switzerland, on The. populace rushed' into Septembcr-10- . the streets, anxiously iuquiringfori all hearts were, filled with sadness a n d a u u i v e sa ' sy m pa t h y was t x pressed for the emperor, "upon whose head such grief Had fallen in the year of his Jubilee." The empress was most beautiful, she has been described as exquisitely lovely with Narcissus fairness, great k eyes, teeth of pearly whiteness and magnificent chestnut hair which fell to her knees; her ethereal jbrm, clouded in diamond-studdegauze, with large emeralds glittering on her hair and bosom. She was highly educated, conversed eloquently, played exquisitely on the zither and organ, sang well and had great talent for painting. Her vanity was in her hair which she had brushed fcur hours every dayj during. which time her reader read to her. ntelli--genc- 1 e, 1 blue-blac- . silk-embroidere- d, d - . THK STORY OFHKR BETROTHAL. A marriage had been arranged 'for the emperor with her eldest sister. . The young monarch . arrived at the castle of his future father-in-lafor the purpose of being 611 eveni"S. p. 30, 1893, the officially betrothed. ' p SS Cl"b11mJet a usuaI in. the He, however, fell "Exponent" madly in love with Princess Elizabeth who office. QalUd to order by President was yet in short dresses, and breaking oft B. Pratt, rs. E. B. Wells made the his engagement with Princess Helen he .opening prayer rRoll call was answered married the, young sister. by sentiments from -SbakwpeareMinufes She disliked Vienna and the Viennese of previous read antfrapproved meeting and she passionately loved the Hungarian. The- business of incorporating the club was he -- Viennese:hacl looked fbr-- far grander -- u. w. p. c. w f'y Ro-man- ia . a 0 . ---- ... 