WOMAN'S KA I'ONi-- p) . 7 ''.' e Editor. h iCatnfia)',' K-ir- titriU Cntrikuttr. "" '." ' " ' 'I "O'nr Society" which TheSammer al WoinanT -- I t N - June until August, t Salt likeCity, Utah. on ?Ar, i.oo;. one copy six mouths, c':v .!! r.s.idr lor dubs. City papyrs deliv-.-ri-- J one year, 15 ct. .u.i i r "in - by lvf'it: A .ice i m-iil- - r t:i: 1' . c; '.' 'i--- i i ir pr " "":! i'.xVuxi' ,'yirrli 1'UcH .: 208 l.oii'YVVom , ifipirton, South Tern-. 'o a. m. to 5 p. m. every' 'JV r :('. t Suiiltv. i.i'1 jS corninurications to ill ah i"..misHKk WOMAN'S EXPONKNT, i y-- , Slt lirtert! .J tht SAD AND SORUOWKri;. Like City, Utah. .: Ofue in Salt lake City, Utah, as U f ' t Sai.tLakk City Auoust 1, of Stakes and the Bishops of the Church: Dear brethren- :- In view of the fact that the management of the Maine Monument lu nil has disclaimed any intentional slight on the part of the national committee towards the Church of Jesus Christ of latter-daSaints by omiting on the .Sth day of May, to call upon the Church to join the .other churches - in the laud in - holding memorial services on the 8th day of May, in honor of the bravo- men who lost their lives in the Maine disaster; and now ask us through its management to appoint a suitable day on which: the members- of may hold Memorial services and t ike up collections for the Maine'Monument Fund, we have decided to designate Sun-- . day, the 24th of July, as the day on which such services shall be held. that the Church of Jesus It is Saints should be kien-- . Christ of Latter-datilled with all such patriotic movements as the erection of this monument" to the -- nri t 'a tYrttttrnirt; dmdrthat at rour fellow citizens may know that our sympathies both in its joys and in its sorrows, are with our country. We therefore ask the Presidents of Stakes and the Bishops of wards throughout '"the Church to make the necesfor holding special sary arrangements Memorial services at the time designated, and at the conclusion thereof to take up a' collection from the people to assist in the erection of a monument to the Maine, martyrs. All money collected should be promptly forwarded by the Bishops to Klders Hebcr J. Grant "and 14. H. Roberts, who have been appointed a committee to take charge of this business. - Address them at 20 26 south, Kast Temple street, Salt Lake City, Utah. Your Brethren, the To Pre-idents- . 1 tli if tiiaw Inc Ka Rim- - ' height And bring a d..ad - v j - -- , our-.desii- i j: y a-- -l ' W'n.roKD WOODRUI I', Caxnox: F. Josiu'h Smith, Gkukc.k-Q- - s .Stansbury of Colorado. who is pleasantly remembered in Utah and known to AVestern readers by her pen name, Kllis Meredith, has woti die fifth prize in the" ;ooG: prize story ramtSetjtion" conducted by the Short Story Publishing' Company, publishers of "thf- Black Cat .magaziuel M Thousands lf nianti?c-riptwere received from every quarter of the glolte. ' rr bii-h'- d jvvn "Xitrht Thoiifhts:' (J if a M ream Df-tna- Coleridge in the AncieutMariner: "He who loveth best." And uo- I raycth Ust man it is conceued, loves most and truest K! rfeaf ot.es therefore should never cea '"- U""- - Ood grant us Sracc to do pur part as women if it be only in prayer, and let us also nrav lor neice. But there is work to be done for the sick and "distressed and all who can should lend a helping hand to the'Red Cross and War Relief Association iri some of the various methods "and ways in which actual help, is being given to those who have not the op. portunity. of .doing - or getting necessary things for their own comfort and relief or to . prevent pain or suffering. It is difficult to understand how women can sit idly' by and not endeavor to aid in someway those who at this particular time need po.Mtive help, and so as well as to watch and pray, there is also work; and to be at wo'k is sometimes panacea of mind or heart. whn wfrrtT--fr PlVij lt nnvr lint tli niPinc ennm rf tlifitti at least can give time and thought and by the needle and in various other ways assist in the Red Cross or Relief work. A few women, are giving of their time, their means, their hearts to this, noble work for those deprived of home and friends and the things they are now needing and to which they have been accustomed when in tlie home circle. The widow's mite is.just-aacceptable "now as when our Savior was upon. the earth, and the beautiful saying Holds good everywhere and at all times, and so one should not hesitate to give a lit- Th' 1 n " - s tions of battles fought and untought on sea and on land. To jmhlish a paper that ccn-- ; taiued no war news at be an ex-- ; to the ception general rule, for we have war new-- the first thing in the and the last thing at night, and onemoniing' dreams of the war waking or sleeping; and yet to like a give anything summary of reliable war dispatches in a little paper only pub-hshed-aintervals of two weeks or more is' out of the question. The news winch; makes one fear and tremble at present is prevailing m those hot mates' where cur soldiers are .and. if the .people ever. need, to exercise p n,vicv ui me levers pre- valeut in the camps of the S(1diers in hot weather. hen one reads that Gen. Softer i . all-woul- s ; ; j t -- ess ; vVar j I 1 hich it is said gives tlie ble.-.MM- g "Prayer ardyn! opens heaven, lets down Of on tf e cons'ecraff d hour in audience with the Deity, 'A j Xowadayme-ha- s daily thmvar and hf news pertaining thereto with-- all its varia-- l the-ickn- climb heaven's for-pai- ; .WOMAN'S WORK IX WAR. fed ' TTTTO er n . , And it the ordeal seems ctue! 1 he father will make it right And the thy precious" jewel Will shine in t e realms of lit lit j Mrs. L. "U'hen thro' fiery trials thy.pat'r.v,iy lie, sha-1e thy Mipj'ly. My grace all sufficient The flames hah Trat hurtthce t:.Iy iU hign Thy dross to consume and thy gold to ufine.'' - e WheuV'd-me- . ! , the-Churc- . r f Little .Beulah-(atesseven years of ;.ge, was a child of promise and of faith in God, exemplified in tin labt hour" by. her kneeling to pray after (though, she knew it not) she was past all human" aid. What a tribute to her mother was this child's dying prayer! ai.d may the beautiful lesson be impressed upon the parents far and wide: "teach the children to pray The funeral services were excellent we are. told, and great consolation was offered to the bereaved patents. We know !iiiiiiuiav- - 1U itt 'i V . t MiuvMcu iuU,i nib nana in an however hard the lesson may bt things .J II I "A good man's prayers y 1 . - YouiiLr in his .sl-a- - . like a fountain for them night and day." Will from tht- ,1 -- -- tl1. ami glory of their, physical' . i . . ... ,. Joanna Bailey: y - . J-- vo:co bfrii'1v tinI Provo through on Brother and Siter(-ateso- t the terrible- accident on me evening 01 July 2 fills all hearts with grief, who know Mi iliniL' ".riini Iii.Imii.iI lt the family such an hour, and it is onlv by .seeking the all. lie. Lord .me can Cud consolation.. has promised amV His word cannot fail of fulfillment: flit. i i vmi H, .iv.'rrnK' MARTYR MK.MORIAL DAY. MAINK fnlh-- 1 1 .. Mure things are wrought by praYt-r-' Than this world, dreams of. When fore let ihy . 189S. ",yt' V' v "vivs Ah, the sweet yAmg "Twill never hloom again And tlie tears I shed for the h?.uitifiiJ dead. They fall like the desolate rain. ro-- '' they can only watch' and pray at home how difficult it is to he reconciled. Tennyson - nonprjeil squire, ten Hrt$Aofliberal dis- month, $3.00. v deed a serious matter and - I"ubli:;he.l-y...rr;is: frv N.i ri'.'.i; t , rts. . 1.1 1 nostnotud on account o( ex-- ' not he held- this anticiisting circumstances that were nof pated at the time .the appointment 'was made at the April" conference ho i sprim The General' confrenee Of th' vociety will be held as usual in October, .of wh'ch due notice will K give::. Zina I). II. Young, General President. IC. B. U'Ki.ir.s, General Secretary. -- . , aiuHKvJtHJ strath full Will ,' . .was 1 from ' ' departmen tle, . The overtures from Spanish governmental powers are." somewhat .encouraging in favor of an armistice but not altogether acceptable, the taking of Manila, the victory of Santiago, Dewey's wonderful-- achievements, and e advantages so far known do not give us peace; arid there is great uncertainty as to the future, and the sorrows and cruelties and barbarisms of war make one shudder at the very and to be thought, m the' midst of such scenes is more than terrible. We had hoped to give here an account of Red .Cress work in the State but could riot get an entire report nor an approximate,, wi know, however, that it has been very creditable and' will give the figures and particulars later. y , all-th- -- . : 