1 ion 'J - ' c ; rV)nMT?KT V "''X " A if ' f tr " . Willard, grew to .maturity in these years of age suasive and convincing. surroundings dnd at twenty-siborn in Dan- -' pressed one as a born leader of people and married Mary Thompson Hill,"fourth of fiveA closer acquaintance ville. Vt. , Frances washe of active forces. witli this brave woman, confirmed these children born to them, two of whom died character and in riafancy before her birth. She seems to views of her whole-souleHer abundant versatility in entertaining and have inherited many of the best gifts' and ' She and of her ancestry. .or numerous parents however audience powers an holding was born in Churchville, near-- Rochester, 01 wiiaicv.tr vuriciy lairasui views. but her parents I hrd met her on two or three occasions N. V., September 28, 1839. removed to Oberlin, Ohio, before she was previously and had grown somewhat familBut even two years of age that the father might puriar with her voice and manner. sue intellectual studies; they lived in Oberbefore I had ever even seen her I had formthe ed my idea of her from the description given lin five years, both parents Improving afforded them me by Dr. Pratt (our honored president.) advantages and opportunities Mr. Willard's She had spoken to me in glowing terms pf of. study and culture; but air and exercise 'and Miss. Willard and had made me feel through health demanded open in May, 1846 to her an admiration one' seldom feels for an he removed with his family settled on a unknown woman. When Miss Willard Jauesville, Wisconsin, and .' forest visited Utah afterwards I called upon her beautiful farm, half prairie and half called with Dr. Pratt who had metrher in the on. the banks of Rock river they Hast and bad. given me my first view of the their abode "Forest Home." woman, and I often say I had fallen in love philosophical a woman- - ofJolty sentiments with her before I ever saw her. Dr. Pratt and myself went to hear Miss and well calculated to be a sort of mentor Willard m the M. E. Church and we were and companion to her children in a place both fascinated, so to speak, with her where they were mostly dependent upon their own resources for society. The father sparkling personality;' then meeting her in near to nature's heart in a vivid fashpresident of the National wis Washington was to the children intellectual Council, I became deeply interested in the ion and life woman herself seeing her every day for an and healthful, enjoying entire freedom' from fashionable restraint, and 'Miss Willard's "entire week, morning, afternoon and eveeducation was in the home from her ning presiding with grace and dignity over early such an august assembly of educated, intel- parents. Her first teacher was a graduate from Yale College who had been a classical ligent women from all parts of the United States and foreign countries also, one ob- tn.or in Oberlin. At the age of seventeen tained a good idea of her real self and her ihe was sent with her "sister Mary to MilFemale College, and later she was knowledge of the world and the vexed waukee and varied questions that came up from time transferred to Northwestern Female College in Evanston, 111., where the parents reto time for consideration. moved in thi autumn of the same year that I beg pardon for personalities but meeting home cirille might not be broken up. Miss Willard since then in Chicago at the the. Miss Willard graduad with Valedictory time of the World's Fair and in Washinghonor from that institution in '1859 and ton in 1895 at the second triennial session afterwards taught sixteen years in six nheNaTiorfaleornidinuthtng-has- v localities beginning 1:1 disTrictschooTs" caused me to think or feel that she was not and her pupils numbering in all about two a royal, loyal", womanly woman, adorned district and public school with purity, modesty and all that ni'ake up thousand. After teaching she taught in Kankakee Academy the sum of loveliness in womanhood. and Pittsburgh Female College, Evanston, She lived unselfishly and 111., and was afterwards preceptress in for the good of others, the uplifting and betterment of humanity;, beloved by all who Genesee Wesleyan Seminary, Lima, N. Y., knew her and who were associated with her and was president of the Ladies' College, in her home and in her public career. Mrs.. and later the Woman's College of the Northwestern University of which she was deari Mary Lowe Dickinson said of her ap- and professor of aesthetics. She was a firm propriately: believer in co education, and dealt with the "It was indeed a prismatic, many-side- d life. And whether we think of her as the unsolved problem in its earlier stages with prairie-child- , as daughter, sister, student, hopefulness and skill. The Chicago fire swept away a large part; teacher, orator, leader, reformer, it was on "every' side a white life, facing the sun .and of the financial aid which had been promised to .the college, and the new. arrangement absorbing and reflecting the 'light." to complications in the government of led Willard, president of the y Frances World's Woman's Temperance Union, (said the Woman's College which rendered it to be the most numerous organization of impossible for Miss Willard to carry out her plans and she resigned in Juna 1874. women,) who died on February 19, 1S9S was of strictly New England parentage, From that time she became stirred to the herXorefathers came and settled in Concord, soul with the temperance crusade hr Ohwr Mass., about fifteen years after the landing and during that winter she heard the divine of the Pilgrims. "Mrs.. Mary A. Liver-mor- e Major Simon Willard of call to her E. founder N. the of wished her to join the crusade and Kent, England, branch, was a man of great force of character and of gave her all possible encouragement. While distinguished public service. Miss Willard's in New York City in 1874 she had a letter great grandfather, Rev. Elijah Willard, from Louisa Sr Rounds of Chicago, saying, was. forty yeafs a pastor "in Dublin, New "It has come to me as I "believe from the Hampshire, and his son, Oliver At her ton Lord that you ought to be president. ; We Willard, was a pioneer, first in Wheeloek, are a little hand without money or experVt., and later in Ogden, Monroe Co., N. ience, but with strong faith. If you will Y., where he died leaving to his widow, come, therewili be no doubt of your electvathermeXeAYis.lIla ion.-' Miss - Willard turned-fro- m most a almost a wilder in attractive offers in her profession and going young family, country propei-nnn- and to make e it- eloquently per In fact she im- Frances-- . the Chicago Woman'.s Christian Xemrf:rancc j x Union. j is said Miss Willard in those" enrly years" of her work did not regard pecuniary compensation and often had no money to pay for noonday lunch, consequently went It j - j - d j without it, and walked .miles because' not Jive cents to. pay. for' .a ride on the" street cars. She said she found that pcrir!" of her life more blessed than any baptized as she was in sufleriug; afterward her l;eM .si;-h- ad j 'i . -- . Miss-Willard- 's mother-was-poetical-inJietnature3u- ' dif-tere- . - self-sac'rificing- ly ,-- E. . life-wor- k. , ; nt began to widen. A fev womeu came to her aitf in establishing a Gospel meeting in lower Farwii: hall for the benefit of the intemperate. J:j way scores and hundreds . of wicked l men were reformed, and her talkswere popular and successful. .Ti.W were more to her than the public add- r- , she had made to grand audiences a ;cw.' years previous; the fact that wicked :.:c:i wept and prayed and'repented was the cor.:. She turned pentionshemostdjsjred1 .awaylfroin. the attraction of cultivated!iJd-ety and scholarly themes and labored ia ' philanthropic. interests entirely. From the day of small things the society... grew under her guidance and management,' and the Chicago Woman's Temperance Union ' built the Woman's Temper.ince Temple, and established the Woman's' Temperance Publication Association, which scatters its pages of temperance literature over the world. After some time she was urged' to accept and was nominated to the presidency of National Temperance Convention, but refused and was then elected the corres ponding secretary which' she accepted, and besides the large, amount of writing or-r r in Chautauqua New England and summer camps. It was in 1876 while engaged in Bibl study and prayer she was led to the couvic tion that she oughtto". sneak for woman 's ballot as a protection to the home from the tyranny of drink, and ui the ensuing autumn in the national convention i:i Newark, N. Y... disregarding the earnest pleadings of conservative friends, she declared her convictions in her first suffrage speech. It was Miss Willard who originated the mottp, "For God and Home and Native Land" first adopted by the Chicago Union, then the Illinois State Union, and "became that of the National, and in 1S91 in Boston, Mass., was adapted to the World's Union by. changing native to every and reading, ' ' ' ' For God and Home and Every Land. The two newspapers Miss Willard assisted in founding, Our Union in New York and the Signal in Illinois, were finally, merged ; into one and called the Union Signal and is now one of the most widely circulated papers in the world. To cover the ground of all the work even in outline done by this remarkable woman would occupy a Jfhoie evening. In i88r Miss Willard made a tour of the Southern States which reconstructed her views on many important questions and did much to remove conservative prejudice and sectional opposition. During 1882 she completed her plan of visiting and organizing in every state and territority in the United States .and of presenting the cause in every town and city that had reached a popula tion ot ten Uousand. She visited the tis Go-v-- . T ' the-firs- Mid-State- s - " . . covered more than 25,000 miies of toil t 