WOMAN'S IN MEMORIAM. I yniA EXPONENT. arch ArchibalcT Jlill thuK Bishop John R. Winder andHvife 'Were in viteir to assemble and dedicate thesame, Tuesdaw Sentember EVELINE CARTER. II ALES. ne can hardlV- nick un a newsnaner of Aft any party, or even a religious "newspaper of any sect withcut encountering such phrases ft as'Our. new territory, ' ; , "TkT.'ixuQed . .provinces," "The "rightful 'spoW Mwcu- Hales t uur conquests." "Uur. newooueiy ana Uie followinn urogram was merer. mntcfii vea s. Her hHhvn,',i; rendered: The colonial choir. under the leadership What do these possessions," etc.irs. iynia n lake Litv, Uian, in inoi-n ?l ...... tI 1 - .i u.' i Vtirmnnf of ff ... ...... Brother nitt.f Richard M.. Do mean? ...u IMr Home sang "Praise phrases " TVilV,they mean that as a l''VC f t eti l Har 'i rl linr fat r'c 'hnnln Ye the Lord." I U ..'k . nation we have Prayer was offered by forgotten our disavowal of tliet'jvvn of Benson,' Rutland Co., Vermont, Patriarch Hill. desire to increase Another song was render-e- any our territory by the V P came into the town preaching the p Plt the choir war with and by Does an it mean that we Spain? essay on wheat way cirinc' f Christ. At that time her father read Methodist a was have and resumed Frances medkeval by the Secretary preacher Hanson. Brother. really c neo-- C'fte'r, standard, with great facility. Elder Edward White sang a ? in and believe fj'iMtc the Bible Docs it military conquests song, and tho e presMr in t t Carter convincing not as long ent then repaired'to the bin and as many as mean that the ideal of Ciesar and the ambiPratt h Christ' was tlx; one he was so lhe fjmrch of Jesus tion of Napoleon have displaced the ideas of wished inspected the same. Bishop .. looking for. John R. Winder, kneeling on the ,steps, Washington and his associates? the time the Saints were gathering at Nau-offered the dedicatory prayer. How can we talk of "Our. new possesIt was a Mr; Carter with his wife, one sou and Ldia Na'uvoo. to to Lydia.grew very 'imposing ceremony, and all seemed to sions?" Do we own the Ladrones by conand was married to Stephen Males feel that iiwas a step in the right direction. quest? Have we a right to replace in Session-- . Thev built 6, I S32, by P. G. The audience to returned the lawn and the Cuba the domination of the Spaniard by did not enjov t emefvei a comfortable home but choir from the Saints out drove mob the domination of the United States? sang"WeHaveThought of Thy it loW, as a for far as as started Utah; then got Counselor B. recitHamilton What is the meaning of this discussion They Mary leavdid of sickness oh not, accunt and vva I ed a selection. "The Curse of the Dram of whether we shall annex the Philippines er two year?, arriving in Ut 'h in the fall of 1S51. Shop." ifodcn Sister Sarah F. be as a or "Do satisfied with a few 1S6S un'il in sang, when Salt Like group, City taking staved Thev ' of the islands? tht-move to Bountiful, where Mrs. Hales lias They Miss Me at Home?" Counselor James .urs. naies R. Miller, Brother R. M. Home, live ' tip to trie lime 01 ner oeaui. These .discussions, and the constant reBishop J. relatlife leaves numerous and a Jived quiet has R. Winder and Bishop J. C. Hamilton each currence of phrases like those quoted above ives an friends to mourn her loss. She died a spoke in reference to the of grain by seem to indicate that we are maddened by storing faithful member of the Church. the Relief Boun-puin the President Elizabeth South Society. the taste of blood, and that the influence .of Fune al services were held afternoon on in house Hill a few well chosen words all Sunday thanked August meeting the war, or of our success in it, has been to those who had assisted in making the under:l, at 2 o'clock. blind us to the principles which we have Com. a success. taking avowed, the principles indeed upon wdiich One hundred and thirty then sat down at our Government rests. gone to her rest. one loug table arranged across the lawn, For myself I have never been abroad In 'he recent death of our aged relative and which was loaded the of with the bounties without feeling, in the presence of the uniriend, Sister Phe.be Beable Rodeback, u ho The young ladies: who acted as formed soldiery on every hahd'j a reminder this life Sep. 17, at II p. hi , t is world lost earth. heaven gained one of its oblest soudV-npure waiters, also the committee on arrangements of the blessed condition of my own land. I its entered as ever a and holy portals. deserve special mention.. After supper there have been more proud and more grateful spirit Beins; an early pioneer she witnessed all the was music and singing. It was an occasion for our having no standiug army and no tr inir scenes and annoying times which harassed be to and which the remembered, unity the Saints during the first settlement of our now long navy than for any possessions that my beautiful State. ard with them she bore those prevailed caused all to return home well country could boast. I have heard hunheart. an and with trials unflinching satisfied with the day's proceedings.' pdience dreds of American citizens express the same Ever quiet, kind and loving, sh was loved a U Francks H. Hanson, Sec. sentiments, and have read columns of coresteemed by all who knew her. She was so unselfish she thought always of others before respondence and editorial and other news- sole object of which was self, and so long as she was able her gentle"," willwriting, the paper ' ' U r r it- - unueu in l aid others' their' STAND BY AMERICAN ing lands were ever ready to 'i. J 10 coiigraiumie me citizens 01 me tf. PRINCIPLES, hour of need and distress. States on being free from militarism. . Yet Her mind, which for her advanced years, was now' we are as eager to have the largest Indianapolis. Ind., Sep. 15, 1S98. unusually bn ht, and until the day of her death she understood ever thing that was happening navy in the world, to increase our standing To me it is a bitter disappointment that army and to become "a military power" as around her, and talked intelligently on all the leading events and tcpics of the times. Do we believe that our gieat Republic had not gotten on far Germany itself.' . . Sott-r .r n Rode' ack-- a mi her husba frft to to do and uenves righteousness enough power irom compel government, of t e Prophet Joseph Smith and olten enter usjusi Can we tailed him at their home in Nauvoo Thev were another nation to do righteousness without the consent of the governed?" also very.. dear friends of Bishop Edward Hunter resorting to bloodshed To my mind there pretend that we believe this, and then set and; before their marriage in Pennsylvania we e is a contradiction in the words "Civilized up a "military government" in what we boih nu mbers of that good man's household and a more emphatic contradiction call our "conquered provinces?" Sister Rodeback passed Irom this earth ,;t the war," in the words "Christian war." It stems that one encounters ridicule home of her daughter. Mrs. Rebecca Cock of Cedar valley, Utah, to join her loved ones on the It seemed six months ago that our counasking these questions. We are told golden shore, and to meet the God whom she try would rally all the moral forces latent that the "Idealism which did very well for had loved and so long and faithfully. She in the people, by a diplomatic use of those a. young nation, for a youthful people .dewas the widow of th late James Rodeback and' forces to rescue - Cuba from tyranny. veloping under pioneer conditions, is not .wa norn in ChesterCo., Pa., June 26, isri. In 1S39 became a member of the Church of Whether it might have done so we can lor seventy millions witlr a navy strong Jesus Christ of Latter-daSaints, and in 1S40 or never know;that it did not is certain. Those , enough to be a balance of power in the 41 removed to Nauvoo where she resided during of us who deplored the war,-a- s well as those Eastern, question." This scornful lejection the troublous times there. With er husband must feel a patriotic pride jot our laeais, one encounters in .nine out 01 and six chi dr-she came to Utah in 1852, being who invoked it, a memb r of the late Uriah Curtis' in the courage and gallantry that our men every ten newspaper paragraphs that she company si ter Rodeba k remained a faithiul 'Latter-dahave manifested in every encounter, vvheth-- . sees, and in nine out of every ten public Saint until the end and has surely received er hears. . by land or sea. We must feel an equal speeches that she to' he promised greatreward in heat-enconfess that the ideals, Are .we, then, h they have pride in the heroism L E. C. which for more than a century we have borne hardships not necessary even in warboasted were destined to secure the ultimate . fare. But the pride we feel in that physical union of all the peoples of the world in a DEDICATION OF A GRANARY AT federation of republics, are fit only for peoiieroism, which could not have been mani MILL CREEK. fested without, an undercurrent of moral ple iust emerging from colonial subjection, .The Relief Society of Mill Creek ward, heroism, must not blind us to the dangers and not at all for people developed into imin its hour of perial strength ? Can only the puny and Salt Lake Co , have completed a sub- that assail our country, just stantial wheat bin with a capacity of fifteen triumph. If ever agnation accompanied a the few rejoice in ideals? And are these ., most precious of all possessions to be surhundred bushels,, at a cost of about two declaration of war with an avowal of abso? hundred dollars. The bin is situated at lute nseliishncss, such declaration was rendered by the numerous and the strong made by the United States through its Bishop Jas. C. Hamilton's. - which - disavowed American, of every good citizen of a repub-- . The members of the Relief Society, their Senate in husbands, the officers of the Young Men's anv intention Of territorial aggression.. Now lie, of every believer in the doctrine of of every man or woman who a"d Young Ladies associations, also Patri- - the war being ended, temporarily at least, - - - . l-- 1 t M 1 1 iv,-- 1 . I- - d , j ; ' . 4 wo-rH.-hn- o,l N'au-vo- o. d 1 Kind-ness,- " - v I l - ed s - a. 1 ' nd-wxr- e-ff d-- - -- by-eve- s-r- y I n y . with-whic- " the-resoluti- on self-governme- nt, n 