IN MKMORIAM. -- - ti '. . V .0 . treasurer by Counselor II: Lyon as T, of Sister CastlcUm Otition' Eliza Barton was .sustained. as execu- " "Whereas Oar beloved sister and Sifter tive .'committee',' to transact all necessary business between stated meetings.. .' .II. J.' Foult,i:r, Sec. pn) tern. r, called from'cur Sister E W. Hawkins, midst by the hand of death, and Whereas, She. was a faithful member and teacher in the Relief Society, performing her part cheerfu'ly as 16n as her health would permit, . therefore be it a kiu ! as loss' Resolved, That we mourn her Relief Sci- hearted a: d generous memUer m our a iiublf woman in our community. g Resolved, That we cheiish in our hearts a remembrance of her many virtues aud strive to emulate her jood example-ResolvedThat a copy of llie-- e resolutions-bplaced upon the record .f the Relief Sonety, a copy given to.the bereaved children and one sent to the "VVonian's Exponent" for publication. n :hmt was .too good Faill;,re' :K!.S0LUTIONS Ol' KESl'ECT. h;s-bee- -- r. ' r. '"but re.V.T-- . vhcn n4ht e.one, and aied all 'ihv sieis- - with the pel. ib-con- s : f tlic j spini id't..'r ' l la, olhct i'i ui tiie.I-vti'.esemcd .;Ult.usta.nd .md t three' months by sin,;;;..: I ere pre-- , ..td;urn- - v. ; CLiub-ieuc- e w iV-- r ' vfi:i:i sr'AKj: F. Di:ivi C, K. A-s- . Doxoligy Sec t. ' . The ihinutys of the Relief Society o'.hkr-- ' ence licit in the 3rd ward of Ogdcn-- Ctv, At" the morning Session i ; Match 10, 189S. those (j resent on the st.ind were President fane S. Richards and her counselors, Sister Harri(t drown and hiter hmuy Shurthu .ma I). II. resident Mster Voung, Liuhtncr and Sister Emily S; Richards' of Salt Lake Cily. Alice M. T. Tan'.nkp.,. F. U'jiitb, Sister Richards was pleased to see so Mary Committee. that we many here this morning and r.eav.er City, Utah, iv3. mk;ht be lucssed and pul into practice the KKS0LUTI0NS ood things that we hear. Remarks were made by Counselors HarResolutions of rep'ct pa sed by the SnowviHe Relief Society. in memory of their .beloved presi- - riet Rrown and Emily Shurthli. Zina ). H. Vountr addressed the fWn. SisferMarv Goodiiile, -- Sister In wise Father dlTi Our Whe reas, Heavtnly ial when she looked over the v t i. t. f i u fi.nt n: r in s 1.. . sccn.m uiiw nris and saw e!ore- her Lices that proviuence vr.m'reca-tiothe'liand of death our beloved president, MSter Imd Kor.e throuijh trials and hardships in Sister Mary R. GoodlihV, be it and of the Snow-vdavs gone by, she felt that the sisters had Resolved, That we die ne mb-to d;e met to be led spiritual food, and. that, the e Relief Society extend our sympathy hour this m bereaved family four worhysiter Lord gave us lessons of experience that we of aiHicio" and bereavement. mii'ht ain spiritual strength; sjioke ot the Resolved, Tr at we strive to emulate her- many that iove tinie w lien the Saints were on the move and noble deeds and cherish in our hearts, ' for her which she so tuly won. til tlnj sickness that was alnonvr' them, and Thnt n mnv of these resolutions be lime the healin-w.cni, Dower was e'iven. to the to the bereaved family, a tony he m- xie'ty and ne sent Prophet Joseph She wanted the. mothers 0 Sed n the records of the S tor teach the daughters purity and love and the publication. to the "Woman's Exponent" ec. A. GooMLirKE, Esthur principles of the Ciospel oi Christ SAKAII A. SHEri lFLD. istcr Emily S. Richards was the next and said. she ie!t very happy to net Sister Sarah A, Shefneld, daughter of Samuel- speaker mu 10 ex- was ety-an- ; d !ov-,in- . ; , e . - ' - -- d"e.-ire- . I unr i - t I I - co-labore- il rs -- ; I - j - . ! j - j ! . i and Mary Willmer was born at Olney, BuckingJan. 12, jomeo tne hamshire, Engla-- d, Latter-dain the Saints of Church of Jesus Christ married was later to,. year 1848, and two years ; 1.1 u a, ti"-enngraieu James SheiJield. In IS73 and located in Bdgham City where they resided for eight years, they then moved k Salt Lake mmosi loo with the sisters, t K... !.,. C!.,. aue Knew iii.u uie iuiii pre.sS tier ieeims. ' loved His people but ielt we were rather slothful in our. duties; spoke to the mothers about reading to their children tha;ttheir things. tL minds miglit s be.id filled with good been we had r ydnnrr sliejctacw Lc;j rt ocm o the instruction tfrvel Heaven thankful to be our should and felt we ly Father for every blessing we enjoy, we have received the Gospel and should' strive with all our hearts to do our duty that we and partakeof all its may have unity of soul blessings, prayed that the Lord would ; 1 y - two" yftars rv in 1SS1 'moved to Kaysville where she resided until the time of her death hav ng died March 15, 18. KanH rj'nrl six ciu areu and a host of loving friend.? to mourn her loss, hhe Saint and for a number was a faithful Latter-daoftms. of years was treasurer cf the Relief Society of her time pbace, which office siie held at the ityHtHf.for' ' , ; i - 1 RESOLUTIONS OF .Kf M ECT. seen fit in Whereas, Our Heavenlv Father has His alwise providence to take from our midst by the hand of death our beloved sister, Sarau A , Sheffield, be it r Resolved. That we the members or die kehe!symSociety of Kaysviile extend our earttek hcu"r uf in sul tins pathy to the bereaved family ! " power. Afternoon - R. S. AND P. A. REPORTS, TWENTY-FIRS- WAKD-R- T - S. sis-- , The directors met and the following ters were unanimously elected and set apart by Bishop- M. S. Wpolley and Counselors ' H. J. Foulger and Jos. Maxwell, in the - : Eliza Ear ton as positions named below: Martha president by Bishop M. S. Woolley; Counselby B. Taylor as first ton as Castle or H. J Foulger; Frances L. by Counselor Jos second Maxwell; Mary A. Tuddenham as secreB tary by Bishop M. S. Woolley; vice-preside- .vice-pTesiae- nt nt - e . - , session.: Opened by singing "We thank Thee O, God for a prophet." presidents were Roll was called, twenty-onAmong the speakers were Sisters present. Hunter, Dance. Newman, West, Munch and trial. Resolved that we strive to emu, ate her many noble deeds and cherish in our hearts that love for her which she so truly ..woo.. J'.be Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions be one placed presented to the bereaved family, and one Relief of the Society record the upon sent to the "Exponent" for publication. Rachel Mansell, Sec. T 1 ... strengthen us today. Flder Nathan Tanner spoke to the .sisters and gave them some good counsel, advised them to call upon the Lord lor Hb healing . v - . y death. lU'.ANClf VI-:s- l'KI-i- ! AKY. 1 Driver. Sister Zina D. Young spoke on our sacred sick and suhering to prayers, visiting-thcomfort them, hoped to see the day when the sisters would have a house dedicated to the. Lord for the sisters tb meet in, spoke oi the 'Savior and what lie suffered for us, advised the sisters to pay their: tithing and never neglect to watch and instruct' their all in .a school and daughters said we were e . 0iJfii"eTi5Father-4OSjhete ihf T nrd to bless us all was - the next Elder George , Larkin by. aremark of speaker, said he was struck Sister Young's, that we should listen to the that we might promptings of the Holy Spirit have power over ourchildreri, encouraged the sisters to be faithful to. the cause of truth. President Jane .S. Richards felt the day ; I'seu.l you the min-- I tttes of. a meeting h.ehl in. the Scandinavian' iS K pur- meeting house on May pose oi Tgani.'.r.g ;uirajivu- rimaiy sso ciatiou o Le known as the West Biancli of Soutli Cottonwood. Primary ..Pic sent m tlm .stand were Brolheis Thomas Wlieeler and John Labrun ;f. tlie bisliopric, also. Ihot hers Charles Hhu and I). B. Jones, Sisters Camilla C. Cobb ami Mary L. Mori is of the Primary Association ot . the Salt Lake Slake presidency, also Sisters. S. A. Brown, M. Curuth and. Labrun, Sister S.. A. Brown presiding. Singing " Prayer by "Come,. o me e Saints. " Brothcr-T- . L. Wheeler. Sinking' "Come all ye sous of Zioiu" Sister Fliabeth II. Lyon war then chc:en to act as secre-- . tary. Brother T. L. Wheeler was then called bjening. remarks which, upon to make a He were very timely and ins'tnictiug. was followul by Brother John Labrun who gave very good instruction to parents and officers who would be called 'to preside. Brother C. Holm was the 'next speaker." lie said for one that he realized the necessity cf a branch of the Primary Association in the west part of South Cottonwood . Accrding to re-j'.us- t . , , for-tk- e As-ociati- on -- " - fv " ward. . Brother B. Jones was the next speaker. He said we had several branch organizations, and was pleas-- d to see a branch of 'the Primary Association organHe ized as ou"r ward was" much too large. was united' with the previous speaker. Sister Camilla Cobb was the next speaker. . STuThpoTce-TC- Ty the '.sisters to be united and realize the of training the children. Said to be prayerful and humble and requested the sisters to unite in faith that the right sisters might be chosen to preside in. this Associa im-i.ormm- -t tion. Sister Mary L. Morris fell that the move being made was one in the right direction and gave much wise counsel. The name of 'Sister Mary Iv: Gilbert was then presented by Sister Camilla Cobb as The privipresident of the new. Primary. to Gilbert lege was then given to Sister choose her 'own counselors by Brother The choice feU upon Sister Wheeler. Sarah EllaJojies for first" counselor and Sis-- f ter AntoiuetteStromness for second. Previous to .the choice of counselors the name of Sister Elizabeth II. Lyon was pre- eta ry for the sen ted by Sister Cobb The above sisters were West Branch. voted in, vSister Cobb urged the .officers to. be and prompt in their attendance at to take a lively interest in the same,ior thfre was no greater vork m the Lhurcli teaching the little ones. Said it was work that would pay and prayed the" Lord to bless' the efforts of the s?sters uncharge. Sister "Mary E.Gilbert expressed hex will-- . West ingness to act as president of the Branch Primary and by the' help of the .... Lord to do her very best. -- - aeci . -- r 