r J. - v 4 f TTv ft ;7Xt& 1 r ;N UJV1A jfV-- U. LI Tic Ballot in the Hands of the Women of Utah should' be a Poire r to better thd Home, the State ufid the Nai. . SALT LAKH CITY, Vol. 27. the Revolution L. W. S. Marthas Snell. Thanksgiving Lo g eief Soci ty Reports. In Daughters of .Uni Aain-- A. .a.j o'-n- 'n. l .... a kin r Interring Party An Celebra'ion. United in Marri?ge. Musings Eighty years-LyJi- a.D Leaves Alder. Bella E. Howell. Shimmering there in the sunshine, Tossed at will by the breeze. ' Earth's bosom, edrcking her gay autumn dress, Spang ing it over with jewels, As lightly her mantfe'tHey pressT" l " Roiling in heaps a together, Then suddenly Hying apart. ' Surprised' by the wandering zephyr, Willi confusion and hurry they start. 1 . again over hill, dale and meadow, These butterflies born of the fall, Go dancing, darting and fluttering, Obeying the wind fairy's call; hen Waving farewell to the summer, As the wind rudely bears them away, Romping, roving and restless, Disdainin; in one place to stay. . les-on- He explained it by saying that Martha was a woman who devoted much time to public affairs and was troubled about many things, and at the time spoken of in the Bible, Martha wished the feast to be a success when she aptK'aled to the Savior for her sister's help, while Mary was a domestic woman and attended to her home duties "but had no public recognition of her labors. But still Mary had chosen the better part and. her reward would not be taken away from her, for wifehood and motherhood was woman's most exalted station and her bright crown would be gained through the trials and sacrifices she made in her home life, for that was woman's kingdom. He also said the time would come when woman would delight in public work and neglect the higher duties of home. Hoping we may all live to .gain the bright crown I remain, Your sister, ; A. . - Snell. Another version of the passage of scripture alluded to was given to me by' our dear, eaves of the autumn, Brilliant with summer's last ray; Iremulous leaves of fhe fall time, Were ou born but to decay? Beau-ifu- made feather beds, Tor farmers iept geese, and every housewife was supposed to replenish her stock of bedding fiom her own farmyard.' Very little money Was paid cut for housekeeping matters, money was expended mostly for books and seluol tuition, s on the melodian and perhaps. extra or some simple musical instrument for the parlor, for there was a. sort of style kept up in these far away country houses, and though often their manners were criide and their minds unsophisticated, yet in good, common, practical sense these- primitive Puritans of a few generations back were not found wanting. It was just a day or two before Thanksgiving and the Denton family were on the qui vive with excitement in expectation of guests who were comiug from a ditauc- and who must be entertained for several days at leas, and thp older daughters were busy, not only with work, but building "castles in the air" in such splendor that their eyes shone 'with visions seen from the towers of these airy fabrics, and floating away into space, even sailing over ary seas.whose waters bore them tranquilly onward to the "island of happy children," where their dreams were all to be realized and their fancies become living realities; and while they were helping with the actual work of cooking and making ready, anticithey chatted as gaily as though their of pations had come to pass and the fulness hope had found fts fruition. While the girls were busy helping in the Virrhen and nantrv. baking in the great her." scarlet and ellow, Tumbling down from the trees, l -- N) 1, and boys, until one' would vonder where thev were all tucked away when night came. However,there were plenty of home part which .shall not be taken away from AUTUMN LEAVES. Falling on Mother UTAH, DECEMBER Editor Woman's Exponent: After reading Dilbhur's "Marthas .and Marys" I wish to say that Brother Levi Hancock told me that the Prophet Joseph Smith explained that passage of scripture in The prophet the School of the Prophets. said that the world misunderstood the passage "Martha, Martha thou art careful and troubled over many things, but one thing is needful and Mary hath chosen that good nniiPKirv r(1KTV:"Autumn t MARTHAS AND MARYS AGAIN. CONTENTS; f. -D- salmeiiMmberVhime " utchvetr-tmmberletia-pies-aiHl-iHiddingr- were pork and beans the turkeys and geese roasted beipre the fire in those days the boys were not idle, for there were reaflogs Smiling you come h the rpring; to be chopped and large" quantities of pine All summer you laugh in the sun; and nuts to be put knots to be brought in, Now. sadly you drop from the branches, into the "settle" reach-- for the long eye" Sighing, "Summer.sweet summer is done feasting nings when the day's work and the Bklla E. Howell evefor was over and all would gather ning pastime around the great, wide nuts and jokes simultaneously. DAUGHTERS OF THE REVOLUTION. Little Hattie, the youngest of the girls who had been paring apples and throwing THANKSGIVING LONG AGO. ORGANIZATION EFFECTED IN THIS CITY. the paring over her head to see what letter ' 'WAY UP IN MAINE." it would make, exclaimed, 'There Hannah , At a meeting of the Wasatch Chapter of see that? Its a perfect R , and you do the Daughters you of the Revolution held It" was a dull, gray, November day away and Elsie have only had S. S. I kno Wednesday, Nov. 16, in room 208Templeton -- P both marry. Smiths,.(if you ever do you'll building, the Wasatch Societyof the State .. town m .Maine, a one will be John Smith, related to was of Utah, try marry) for Revolution, of the Daughters the prospect was "dreary enougE outside, on Pocahontas, and the other some one 'unorganized and the following officers elected: to fame,' wfoile poor, little me, I the old brown house stood awalone known a even Regent, Emmeline B. Wells; first vice not stage the farm, and there was shall marry a Russell: " "Who will trelaU regent, Susa Y. Gates; second vice regent, coach passed that way, only fte nghbors ed to your great grandmother Russell and Clarissa S. Williams; recording secretary, or heavyvehicle almost as old, so don't boast little now and then in a chaise Julia Farnsworth; corresponding secretary perhaps or ears of for those were not the days Miss," said Drucilla. W. Smith; registrar, Phebe Y. Beatie; few a. kept old and only ocomotives, any way, I'll never be an an "Well, slow treasurer, Mary A. H. Cannon; historian, were hei own carriage, and things but maid like Judith and Sarah Ann, whyI Alice S. M. Home, and chaplairT, Maria Y. and .m modern times old man is better than none at all," compared to these Thanks-elvin- g Dougall. r . of quilts or went eyerbody kept not going to wait and make piles The newly elected regent expressed herthere were great preparations and stitch and stitch and knit and darn orself as State houses, being well pleased that the in all the show off what I can do for. and mend, and the voiced . . ganization had been effected and TMin(T fT nlfl-' for it was a general time .01 the ' delectation 01 any waji iy""b u. "-the .v sentiment of every RB. presenUii wishwere the families; anIrneither will I 'keep company1out lik Large a and steady nnH- " so liiV . orrrt ing prosperity to the society rtrt.SOmeiILUC3 old "parlor year in and year . rvj. .... . aiiu vr- - iuuk growth of its membership. houserwas L. W. S., Sec. pro tern. over-anxiou- , 6 - been taught by Joseph the Prophet, and s in that was that Martha was domestic affairs and Mary was so spiritual-minde- d that she cared not for the good to sit at the things of life but preferred Master's feet and listen to His teaching. No doubt Mary also imparted the instruction she thus, received to others wherever and whenever opportunity was given. Editor. "fire-place.tocra- ck :3 1 tio, sh ; . , - oSand old-fashione- d C - - . ! 1 - -- . t . , 