WOMAN'S EXPONENT. BIRTHDAY PARTY. Ml We had the pleasure of hearing these brcthwe may be associated from time to time and Ten speak, giving some excellent instruction have the spirit of our Heavenly Father ; to August S la the motherA.of the.Iatjjur and narrow wa 5;vvr,w Piesident' of the Woman's Press Club,' couraging them to' Imm-aTcof meir cuuureu ana to teach them how to attended the Stake officers Dr. Romania B. Pratt, and the members meeting at 11 a., ' se for the urPr grow up good and. useful men and .women m.antL libleia-- Jpihe fatherly counsel auspi Dr. Pratt ""i cious occasion, great, favori- ... w.wu uti Ainuwuiuv vuu. hc ic- m our DiaKe i resilient . ..w jiwru associates in not Press the mainea with the sisters of Woodruff ward and First Counselor Bvron ScssionsA After only te with her because all of in her places Club but many that night. meeting was closed and we had partaken of head'and of and withal heart, qualities Thursday morniug, August 4, we held dinner at the home of one of our beloved in Her sick manner. the presence We fek de- sisters, we. journeyed home, leaving the a genial meeting in Almy at 10 a. m. a is" balm to the like healing room suffering lighted- with the kind, sisterly feeling that blessings of our Heavenly Father upon'the is a 'boon worth itself in and this possessing. existed among the sisters id the little town branches of the Relief Society of this Stake We enjoyed ourselves very and feeling that we had been blessed of the There were not many attended the part) of Almy. had in a and much adjourned previously as the club speaking to e.eh other and listenLord, that He had. been present with us ..from absent were the .number' city; but ing to the tetunonies of the sisters, relating during our visit. And we pray, that the sufficient number a of brilliant instances where God had poured His' spirit Lord will bless the Relief Society of this there was to make informal down upon them and their families. in times Stake with wisdom, knQwledge and power the conversationalists party enjoyable. The ladies of the club of need; and how welcome we were made that we may do much good here upon the. their president with a beautiful by all, we felt we had their aid and assist- earth in rolling on the great and glorious . presented ' picture, (meda)iou) the subject "Queen ance in our travels. We remained with the work, is the wish of Louise Among Her People," representing sisters until next" morning when we jourYour sister in the Gospel, an Katik Snowiuu,. appropriate gift for the neyed to Evanston to meet with the sisters philanthropy, fervent doctor. Many congratulations and there at 19 a. m,, August 5. We were for returns of the dav. ood wishes happy greeted by the sisters of that ward with J, REFLECTIONS OF. M. IC. K. etc., were showered upon the amiable much kindness and sisterly love, when we. president and gifts of flowers, bouquets of met them we felt as though we had been I .desire to ask a simple question of those roses, carnations and other fragrant iloral acquainted for years, there was such a conin abundance as tributes of genial spirit existing. We also hail the who believe that Joseph Smith was a true Offerings came ; not only believe but have pleasure-o- f esteem and affection having present with us the $rophet-of-Go- d, During the evening a discussion of the second counselor to the president of their a knowledge that his message was an 'immost eminent woman (now living) in the Stake, Charles Kingston. He rendered his portant one, because it teaches that earnest' United States was entered into and many assistance to us by occupying a portion of ness of soul and sincerity of heart is reSpoke of the quired of us to see this subject in its own prominent in good works .were mentioned, the time in our meeting. but finally two who seemed to be the most young people of one religion marrying intoj true light; for the Lord will give His spirit conspicuous and eminent in the largest another; encouraged the sisters and moth- - to those who ardently desire to do His will. field of iiplifting and greatest achievements ers to be very careful whom their daughters Then we can know 'God by the spirit of were decided upon , Susan B. Anthony and keep company with. An- - excellent time God, -- without it we cannot because we are On account of so much contaminated. by the spirit of the was had in that meeting. Clara Barton, the voting was almost a trib ute, Miss Anthony after all .having the larg- there being a meeting for the Stake officers lower world and we are required to cleanse on Saturday, August 6, at 1 a m., we re: our hearts and make them fit temples for er number of votes. Good common sense will mained in Kvanstou that night and went this good spirit. A delicious repast was delicately served to the quests, and the ladies and gentlemen and took supper, which had been so Well teach us this lesson, for the word of God present felt it had been a most delightful prepared, having been invited to go out to through His Apostle Peter is, Be ye pure one ot the sisters to spend the evening. for I am pure; be ye holy for I am holy." evening. After supper had been cleared away we And as He does not look upon sin with the started on our way to the sisters where we least degree of allowance we must be pure WOODRUFF STAKE CONFERENCE. were to spend the evening. On arriving before we approach Him; then we can we did not find the expected guests there, come to Him in a simple, childlike manner VISIT. SISTJ5KS but shortly the sister of the house said if it for this is as he requires us to come. Then was agreeable with us we would wall He will be a father in very deed, yes, to Editor "Exponent:" As you wilL-f- i n Q i n nlow ouxiiearls,CQnten t Dear Sister: Thinking that a few words was the cause of their delay. Of course We the book of Alma, chapter 32, Book of Morgladly accepted the invitation, when we ar- mon, where He compares the word with a concerning our first visit as Stake Presirived there we found the house all dark and seed and says, "Let this seed be planted in dency of the Relief Society in the Woodruff Stake of Zion would be of interest to apparently no one stirring. This sister .your hearts, if ye do not cast it out by your the readers of the "Woman's Exponent " I who accompanied us there said we would unbelief behold it beginneth to swell and Just as she as ye feel these swelling emotions ye begin go in and wake them up. thought I would give a short account. President Lucy Grant, First Counselor opened the door and we were ready, to step to say it must be a good seed for it beginKatie Snowball, Second Counselor Alice in the room was lighted up very brightly neth to enlarge my soul and enlighten my Jackson. We left Randolph Wednesday and the word "surprise" was ringing in understanding, yea it is delicious to me. For a moment we Now does not. this increase your faith? morning, August 3, in company with Sis- our ears from all sides. ter Elizabeth Brough with 0 full determina- - could not think what was going on, but Yea, yet it has not grown up to be a perAnd now behold ye ou 11.011 r in "a few moments when we had gathered fect knowledge. :n trreraio arta-assst&nee Heavenly Father, to fulfill the call which our minds together again we realized this had been made on us. We visit with the had all been planned before, and here we eth forth its own likeness. 'Now you must sisters of the Argyle ward at 10 a. m. the were among our brethren and sisters to par- not laV aside your faith for ye have only exer same day. We found the Association in take of their kindness, and we cansay we cised your faith to plant the seed to know enioyed ourselves inexpressibly well. We if it is good. Now if ye will nourish it good running order and a general good feelwith much care it Hvill get root oy me oretnren entertained ing existing among the sisters of that ward. were . . , . .kindly ... forth Uie fruit. But if ye neg They all felt like pressing forward in the and sisters with their nice singing, reciung up and bringbehold when the sun cometh ice lect the tree good work they were engaged in, and felt and speeches, also were treated with it like giving those-placeover them their, cream and cake. I can say for myself and and scattereth it because it hath no root, faith and prayers. After enjoying the hos iii behalf of my other sisters, that I never withers away and ye cast it out. time in my life. We "Novvrthis was not because the seed was pitality of one of the sisters ot that ward we had a more enjoyable the fruit continued our journey into Woodruff and felt such a good influence around us, and not good, neither is it because is because were called do n thereof is "not desirable, but it occupied a couple of hours of the afternoon the many blessings that felt as thoughwe your ground is barren, and ye will not with the good sisters of that wrard, we also upon us that evening; we cannot have had.the pleasure of having. with us two of were and had been one with them for years, nourish the tree, therefore yeif We went' to the the fruit thereof. And thus ye will not the Stake Presidency, President, John M. as I have stated before. forward with an Baxter and First Counselor Byron Sessions, homes of some of the sisters that evening, nourish the word, looking thereof ye can never also Bishop Peter McKennon of the ward. with the feeling of God bless you all that eye of faith to the fruit - h "M-- , -- a i i.i " d ! j j j j ... . 1 . ' o-- i and-gro- ! w . . d 4 . . , " 