n BE A (ill FU L MO 1 1 1 everv transport in proper condition within a week', and bring-everhcsrhqme HR. . -- y . , z . " ' v'SW: Vntl v 0 nee were us ;1 wnhl v.i.w. UIUV' oc- - "j t if d eyes- - love in her mid-summ- tatters! Storm the War Department with abuse, but with oilers to aid: er .re once as the pink of the rose icti vv: vwv .v. 1 Klizabkth Stuart Phi:us. lialMi. THE CITY PARK. " vrri'honly a mother with love on entwine; lessons , which doubt cannot And out 0f the. How shall I express my gratitude ujon learning that the ground once occupied by? our Fort is now to become a city park And I am sure it could not be put to a bet- I pjk, t I there in her say as I look at her, chair-'H- ml In a about her th it breathes of prayer-never another all the wiifc world there's beautiful mother. So fair and so sweet as my - ter use. It is a sacred spot, especially so to the pioneers who arrived here in 1847, myself being one of them. It was a charming sight. to behold, our home, although built of logs in the form of a fort the doors inside and only a porthole, outside to watch the Indians. A portion was built by the first pioneers'which would be finished by the second which was our company, the Battalion boys had arrived about the same time. We brought grain and implements The first company arrived for farming. months July 24, and our company came two :latcryit was on September. i. We met the first company at Pacifiic springs, (going back) so called because it was the first Pacific ocean. spring which ran toward the Captain Wallace ana a lew 01 nib company arrived on the 12th of September; but in were climbing these mountains the teams in a few greatly exhausted and came the 12thdays at later. Our family arrived on to find a. table 4 p.m. And how happy dinner ready for us to sit down and eat our and in a house once more, after traveling eating out of doors for four months. TTcro ivp found Ellen Kimball and Clara Harriet Young and HPtvtnjtherSister "Young, who came'wIffiTtrErst company and had a home in a log room, a chimney in the corner, a door; and a porthole for a window window, but soon after haa a little cut near the door and felt it was a quiet, outside good resting place, for near by justof water-whicor the Fort was a deep, cold spring was very acceptable; besides there was a crec-- coming from the mountains. Brother Wallace and family, Brother and Pierce and family, Brother Smithies one family were our neighbors, occupying and corner, the northeast, of the Fort, ... many others. out t(Tbe seemed home But the Indians' at the warm springs. They came .occasion-all. Selected.. . SAVE THE MEN. iTizib' th Stuart Phelps thus calls upon .the. blood-retape to . ..untrv takers' " and save the men who are to rehorrors. turn from Porto Rico from transport From her home in Gloucester, August 30, under the title of 'Transport uisgrace, . .... n,ro!.,ct frtiilftiii the .000 United States soldiers, who still remain Rico, to be brought home under the conditions which have prevailed on board solthe transports which have borne, the diers irom Cuba. Mrs. Phelps says: 'An immense current of horror is passing land. We. are through this astonished to save wasting time and vitality enough of lives in the sheer, emotion - hundreds rrr. nmnaers uuuci . " " uu.icu;i u) h m" hnmnn are war this of which the heroes perishing. rescue. to the and Let us stop shrieking get InMere outcries will not help the dying. dead. vestigation will not feed the starved will not heal Blaming the Secretary of War This is not the the heartbroken living. time to investigate, but to act. Five thousand men still remain to be sent home at once by a transport system to whose awful mercies the societies which punish cruelty would not allow, hogs or sheep to be en- -- d .. . . at-Port- -- . trusted. " ' Of . . -- " . s this ?'"' said I. "Don't' you see the trees full of grasshoppers?", said one to me. Sure enough, and they ouly stayed twentyfour hours, for about iuon the next aa towards the lake. they all arose and went All t v left behind 1UI llclk n cjcrlit- he ' - our herbs, catnip, garden ,sage, wormwood, Not on tansy, etc., were utterly one. such as cab-yso but every young vegetable b1foundJ bage, turnips, anu rauisnw we well. But a few days afterwards at the lake the grasshoppers drowned, and nf ,ut ... t.,.,i Miss Clara Barton continues to hold up the humanitarian side of our relations with noble persistence for a; woman to-Cu- - M - - I v.r.r'Wi ba ten. ;rnre and ... . she where will t tinrinnn bne nas guuc iu feed the hungry, clothe the clotheless, care for the sick and soap the soapless with her usual vigor and system and thoroughness wLen and practical good sense. She knows it is a good rule to cut through rules,ofand all she cuts courageously for the good concerned. It is government departmental so much suffering system that has caused where the among the men near Santiago,reach them. Red Cross could not. readily regiment wrote A chaplain .of "You cannot imagine anything homemore 'hideously horrible than our hospital some places, while system piles of .stores at cots, no food, no here' we have no tents, no- and men fading that medicine, nq, stimulants,I'Heacup-an-a-mucasking One doctor cried and We never away all about us. is ''give me something to eat." tfdlimr the colonel about the ma e failed to grant their req .est this his inability to cut the red friends of them; and since we had spoiled, condifons and would tape the 'system' and get the most simtheir hunting- ground our cattle under his hands. We very pleasple remedies for men dying make amends again. and vvhen. It is over a month" now that I have been ant fall weather for a long time, tliree Iving on the ground out of doors, having the snow came it would last only a siege of yellow, fever be gone. through all would passed it and days an ox meanwhile. I am splendidly well now, Now excuse me if I tell you about think I and able to do all the duties in our company, the largest one, animal I thank God, falling to me.'' Woman's journal. and vef the most poor and bony had nothing to do Breckimidge, of Kenv; but now he ever MissSophronisba he wees m six but eat 'and grow fat, andwas the has just been made a Fellow tentucky most of physical science in the was killed for beef. It the in department ate. der and sweet meat I ever Sister University of Chicago. that tell to you not forget I must ...t., WiVf ,r. " - ; - . v oi.innnv vvmrows ;'... 1-- k ' . on'and near the shore. No wonder they had were so many destroyed so much for there of "them, swept into the lake by a strong This shows what von miild see. the Lord can and will do for those who love in truth: for tj;i t'nto cnirit andHifcn. worship He seeketh such M. E. K. 1S98. August . , ! . 1 , k "What is to prevent the same atrocities from happening 011 every ship? They can and must be stopped. . of care take "If Government .cannot the people can. I suggest that. the Kovernors of states, the Red. Cross, the Volunteer Aids, or any organization pos sessing suitable positions, sympathy, energy offer their - services by teleand graph to the President for the definite orovidine for the remain ounrnnt-rli)Os der of our soldiers about to embark. I do not believe, that such' offers would be repulsed, but on the contrary, that .they would be welcome if put into "suitable shape.- - The national disgrace is too deep jl uc ignore. pcupit States will not bear much more. There is There is mercy not a it firm r tn Iosp. to enough, money enough, energy enough its-heroes- ait':z:?i:s v-w- '. kneel.at the foot of His tlirone, as a sinner, to let n:e atone lor soc-c- h that was reck'ess of hurt to another of my beautiful mother. Au(i' wounded-thediearunce more, neighbors we feltto ; as the ise' might be. ' We ,looked uon Sister .... !... th.-;,;,,. v.v., fcnoriallv at JVU..I Jiltsiniw rOirr our meetings, for we held 'prayer meetings occasionally,'! think about 01.ee a week, besides our Suuday meetings at the Bowery. We felt the need of our Heavenly Father's care and also felt that we had much to be thankful for; . 'Did not we feel that our prayers were heard' and answered when the seagulls came arid devoured the crickets ? For they would gorg themselves, then throw yp and eat again, so determined to sweep them behold ,.nr Kni .i. nit laiivi. TToc wntulrrful to I can never forget the sight. The grasshoppers, ,too,' came and went came on many times, but the last time they we Sunday and as we came out of meeting "How-isaw the ground covered with leaves. h,u "nd . mother, of my beautiful mother. turn to the faith rd rut ! i town Vour years have I not delegates of mercy on every transport if necessary charter our own transports but save the men which with tenderness .smile on her Hps, The less and firm governors of states bring order out of this pitiful chaos in a tape to very few days. Cut the blood-re- , - - 1 "Aid f?i v.--. .. k And hair: ':t..4Wi:k,tnever another V ;,;fn1 mother! with , ' - the wide world hold, beautifubmother. so,sweet as my Z'iu and "A dozen men ' of the Volunteer a as she sits in her chair, Eliza R. Snow was Clara D. .Young's comS. Kim- panion, the same as I waS.to Ellen tf 