4. 1 vv 1 , I 'r;v::,vh,,.,: .tr Tf u CI The Ballot Vol. 26. I ul the Hands of the Women of Utah should be a Pou ck to ' tetta the Home, the Slate SALT LAKH CITY, UTAH, FKBRUARY i, iSvs. ...j And they hailed the spot as the land foretold M. Where the lofty tree of their f.iith should grow , C. Woods. Re ief Society in Los Angelos A. S, And pitched their tents on the tk sert mould In the eastward bend of the salt sea's how. jlynesia Emma Jenson. R S. and I A. Re And their faith han. nurtured by sorest b ight. ports. In Memoriam; - Egypt Louide. Cold, danger, famine ,'th'MTiiket-curs- e As a child by a kind, har-Editorial: Woman's Memorial Building. set'tuin nurse s A Poet Evening. Edito lal Notes. on uid the its to Drought day oMight. A fair, neddty grew Poetry; Pilgrims of the West Afethusa. A Oh the barren shores of the Jitmiit sea; Song Lucy A. Clark. And the world's far marts erstwhile t lose drew With Trade's white banner of aunty. PILGRIMS OF THE WEST. For steam crushed out u.'t its "ger.i-s- t ride The vaunted leagues of the trackles plains There are tunes that fit to the player's lyre That had taunted their crawling w.igon trains As airs seem born for the leafstrfnge' trees; And peace drew in with the travel tide. There are themes that thrill to the poet's fire As a ilame leaps high on the desert breeze. And today through the length of the hope thrilled And of all of the themes that the land has known land, ' To mike the soul of a bard aspire , After a half a hundred years Of faith, toil, sacrifice-no- ne are higher The foes of a Duritd past strike hard, Than a tale that'our far west calls her own. O'er a strong bri lged chis.n of intei and fears And join in the joy of a rivalled zest . It had its source in a faith whose test Barred not of of color or creed race, 0 1 rivals those idylls of orient lore a honor To render meed fitting Mohammed's mission, the Buddh's great quest the of the inland west. Pioneers To And the thousand myths of Hellene's shore; A vision won by a boy's prayer, That dawning of peace with its hope thrilled song A wondrous tale by an angel told Is a pa?an hymned to the long past years Of an ancient mound and its plates of gold, To the dead and the living the brave and strong And a new world creed that their leaves should Who conquered the desert the Pioneers bear. And we pledge that day when the honored name Of the State they nurtured through grace dvine And from that stn nge fountain a slender stream Ran out and grevy to a rolling flood, ,By the right of her thousand gins shall shine, A soverei n light of the Nation's fame?; .For thousands thrilled at the Prophet's dream,. "Arethusa " faith with a seal oLblood; And at last to the hosts of his gathered flock 1: A final edict of exile came ORIGLVOF.SOMK OF OUR POPULAR A word that the unknown west should claim SONGS. As the mould of her life's foundation rock. " 1 rose-gard- e . - 11 1 . : : . , and the Nat. on. - """ T iNo. 17. evolved itself." "She must have been a very orderly woman; for rising .quickly she found pajKrr and pencil and in the absolute- dark- ness of the night put the words on paper without seeing what she ' wrote; and this was the biith of "Mine eyes have seen the .glory of Jhe coming ot1 the Lord." None of our national airs are more dramatic in their origin than "The Star Spang- led Banner" which it has always seemed to me should be our national Hymn. At the time of the attack on Fort McIIenry, made by Admiral Cock burn Sep. iS. 1S14, Francis Scott Wey was held a prisoner in a little boat moored to the, commanders vessel; through the whole day awl night .exposed .to the fire from the shore, he watched the Hag on the Fort, and at break of day on the 14th he saw it waving, "our flag was still there." Then taking an old letter from his pocket and using a barrel head for a table, hewrote at fever heat the poem which hecalled "The Defense of Fort McIIenry." It was set to the music of "Anacreon in Heaven," an opera in two In 1832' on a dismal acts by Cherubine. day in February while looking over some German music books, Dr. Samuel F. Smith found a tune which from its simple and natural movement seemed particularly suited to childrens' voices, a subject he was then greatly interested in. He noted it ns ha v.- ing a patriotic. swing and felt inspired on the spot to write a patriotic hymn of his own, which. he did in just halt an hour's I know it the time that 4imc the tune he adapted to his hymn "My Country 'tis of Thee," was the national British anthem "God save the Queen." "God save the King" (or Queen) has, by the way, been the subject of endless ' fe-did-- iinr They left fair homes at'a'stern fate's need And turned their steps to the setting sun creed, Where freedom .sought for a faith-hel- d be won. In the untrod wilderness might Forbade of the haunts of men they drew To the desert's ominous, empty heart, And the halo of marfyr,s and Spartan's part The wastes of the lonely prairies knew. give them a new and greater interest' and bring us into more. sympathetic feeling with For terrors dwelt in the desert's Indians ambuscade, The herded buffalo's tempest-rush- , . The prairie famine of fire's raid; tread And the line of their weary- wagon Haunted with hardships for unused piercings of sun and sleet, Was sown with graves of the wayside dead. Suns waned, and the plodding pilgrims saw The haze of the fair horizon line On the speckless edge of the desert draw " No hint of the promised Zion's sign. The noons spread wide on the trailless sands, The blue nights paced with their golden train of a spaceless plain ,0'er the Sister-vaThat the red dawns circled with widening bands. Yet at last the ridges of view, their ranks to the And out from the edge of their upland sills d curve of a valley drew The . Its sunburned, ample space To a line stretched wide at its western rim ' Radiant, crisping -- a sea's blue brim . Cupped in the colorless prairie-face? I have selected a few from among the many which have sung their way into the hearts of the people; for many of them are The French national anthem, "La known the wide world over. Some of the whichliVringing- full of patriotic authors have won immortal fame through a words and music in a moment of inspiration; while others have frenzy,'. was written and. wo'n for its author literary given a lifetime of thought and suffering to single night The author who was Rouget the compositions that have brought them immortality. de Lisle, a young officer of engineers at fame and honor. in 1792, was asked by Deitrick As an example of the inspiration of the Strasburg martial of the town to write hour we have the "Battle Hymn of the the mayor to be sung on the departure of six Republic", by Julia Ward' Howe, who. I song hundred volunteers to the army of the once heard say, "felt that she was not reRhine. Lisle composed the song that night sponsible for the song, for it was born .in a fervor of feeling, music and words at under the inspiration of the time and hour. " the same time; sometimes the words came This famous hymn was written in .Decsometimes the music; but he wrote ember 1861, in the city of Washington. .first, "In the morning the chant came One night after a day of greal excitement nothing'; echo of a dream and he to the strains to him like the when she had.been-li.stenin- g wrote it down, words and music and carof rnlrtial music all day'S ried togit Deitrick. In an hour the listening soldiers marching by, she went to bed witii knew the son g of. the nation ' the strains of "John Brown's Body" ring- assemblage " was born. and . not could she in her. ears; sleep ing Many nations claim "Yankee Doodle, found herself without effort putting new time of Charles I., it was known in words to the tune: line by line the poem erous - feet-Priv- ation, st snpw-rimme- peak-walle- sage-choke- d, hills-File- d. eye-strain- . , - dr hush-Treach- . . i" CONTENTS: Origin of Some of our Popular Songs - Mrs. And-dnedAh- ' c?r - ,t I W ?.- ed d M. C. WOODS. . ''Old songs are bet; how sweet to hear The strains to home and memory dear " The story of some the authors. of-ou- r old sontrs may ' discussion. It is said by some, in the beginning to have been a Jacobite song referring to James II., "The King over the water." The words "Send him victorious," seem to imply an absent king not the one already' in England but .one far away, to whom 'the singers were loyal in his evil , fortune. It is believed7 to have been written " by Henry Corey, who lived in six reigns and who also wrote ? "Sally in our Alley.'' Mar-sellaise- , ," - - , y . " . , In-th- e . 