JJwmed word picture, bri nginij it inMUl iQm, ' other evening atuon Mrs. X V; K. S by report jTjyeu w'the,; E.B Wells, and. dur- dear old flag with its ' ine the reading the cMrs and stripes was Drought m and. the audience rose en "lasse and sang America, incident ...u.vi, u is a very' pretty . On Friday morning at io a. m. another u-- -- fbe writer believes she may safely say this as much attention as paper attracted quite was perhaps an unexpected any other and surprise to the women on the platform. As i matter of ecourse .nwe women were all ....1 ,r;n;.,f .u .w.aut .m,n, :.. very prouu the Utah women f2Ct it was very apparent not behind the times intellectual There were many high-bred- , women from different parts ol the country . -.- ua, the Council whose personality one recalls with delight, among these we- must mention Miss Larty of Canada whose beau tiful presence bespoke tiie cultivation- ot centuries, and Mrs. Richardson of Boston whose address upou Citizenship and Loyalty must be ranked as one of the very bsst "of the many magnificent speeches of the week in the Council of which we shall tredt in another article more fully. new to . - . - EDITORIAL NOTES. receipt of a postal card souvenir of the visit of the Emperor and Empress of Germany, on which Madame Mountford writes among We are just in from Jerusalem a other items. "Greetings to all friends in Utah." As Christmas is approaching it is well to remind the public that we have for sale at .this office the. book of poems "Musings and Memories"- - by E. B. Wells,' which is a suitable holiday and should be in every library' of the V. L. M. I. A., cloth cover 1.25, dainty binding $1.50, moroco This book is handsomely bound and $2.00. contains a steel engraving of the author. gift-boo- k A ready entitled "Aunt Em's Stories" including "Hephzibah," which was enthusiastic- years when published as a serial ten ago.also' Aunt Esther's Sweetheart," Letters," "Emily HamilChristmas," "He Cometh Not," and "Some Old Love ton's several others equally as founded on facts'. interesting and all President Franklin D. Richards and his ' e, j I i - GENERAL CONFERENCE. RELIEF SOCIETY. "The October conference of the National Woman's v -- l.n r wv.ty was.ueia. in me Assemoiy ; j j : j un-wer- j j - im. t, AVA1V '.CAtAV. . . . . VA LV7 Llll V I till e I 11 1 nail j l 111 Lilt . .1 111 If ill- - I' iqr me V ll-- . " . ren in their resjective wards, felt the sisters did step right Out as though they were Elders in Israel, dwelt most earnestly upon the grain question, said we needed more grauaries and as we had assisted in so many places to help build ward homes we ought to have help to build granaries, quoted Bishop Hunter on the grain question and A TRIBUTE TO AUNT MELISSA. knew he was prompted by the spirit of the Lord when he urged the sisters to take care Dear Aunt Melissa was the eldebt daughter of the wheat, there is no danger of having of Cornelius P. and Permelia Harrow Lott. too much and the time is sure to come Our were born in the state of when it will be needed even if we do have New grandparents York and were both of the old Revbounteous harvests. Advised the sisters to olutionary ancestors who iought in battle hold their meetings at the time appointed, and held positions of trust in the "Governthe angels might be there waiting. Sister ment during its seven years struggle for Richards also spoke upon kindness and forAmerican independence. They were the giving each other, let us try and bear our only ones of either family to join the trials and be thankful we have a place with Church. Grandpa came of a fine old Dutch His people ' c family, and grandma cf the early Puritan Sister Zina said: "They that feared the stock. Grandpa moved to Pennsylvania Lord spoke often one to another and the prior to his marriage, as did also the Dar- c Krr wen snid they. r"tt- fimilv 'Aunt Lord harkene(Land-lieardii- nd shall be mine when I make up my jewels." that state in Luzern Co., on the 9th of Counselor B. W. Smith referred to the February, 1823. bounteous harvest and the great need of People who knew her say she was a laying up grain; she urged the bisters to beautilul, , refined, intelligent gir.; those look well after the sick, afflicted and dying who knew her best loved her most. At when they pass away see that everything the age of nineteen ears she was married is done properly, and teach purity, truthfulto the Prophet Josepu Smith and lived with ness, virtue and industry, don't go outside his wife Emma (whom she dearly loved) in of your income, don't go into debt. It the "Nauvoo Mansion" until after tbe will not belong before we who are advancprophet's martyrdom. She then returned ing in years will rneet our loved ones and to her father's home, shared all, the hardSaints in their varienter into joy. "I have great joy in my ships of the Latter-dalabors in the Temple, and sisters prepare ed travels from state to state, suffering yourselves, to work for your dead, may p.ivations of every name arid nature uncomplainingly.. Being the eldest of a famyou belnspifed to do this." President F. A Hammond represented ily of eleven, children and her mother being San Juan in the absence of his wife, the ot a delicate organization her duties were president. The wheat question he thought" necessarily great, her patience ofteii tried seemed to be the text, he thought it was and her physical cares many, yet she was the proper subject for the time bread is ever gentle, kind and cheeriul under the the staff of life," the sisters in our Stake are most trying circumstances. She came to in doing well with the wheat and when it is Utah with her aparents 1848 and married not available are storing flour; this year the Ira Willis with perfect understanding that earth smiles and responds beautifully to the she would be the prophet's wife; in the hiisbandsman, out of one crop of dry farm- - Great.Beyond. Melissa had born to her seveif chilipg which seeded itself largely bimsdf and i Auntfour son's and three daughters. Her sons had raised 1900 bushels. The speaker dren, two and sons two husband, daughters pre-- v also alluded to the franchise and urged woside. other to the She lei t two men to vote for good men and. women who ceded her wit stand for the home, for virtue and sons, one daughter, a host of grandchildren; sister, two brothers and many loved holinesspraised the sisters of that Stake for one their diligence and good Avorks andjn going relatives and friends who will miss her all to their conferences when sometimes they the timev for she was an exceptional wo- : this city, October 5, 1898, commencing TT xiammouu ispoKe "Woman's Exionent.M said ltouirht to be better sustained,, felt every president and every teacher in 'the society should take it and read it, he enjoyed reading it and ab ways had, knew people plead not being able but he dd not believe there was a woman there who could not afford to take it, only one dollar a year, this, he continued, is the grandest and strongest organization we have ia these valleys, and let us sustain it as we should. Brother John Beck thanked Sister Zina, the president, for inviting him' to speak. In his remarks, after encouraging the sisters in their good work, he said that it seemed to him that the time had come when the daughters of Ee were so that they were doing as much as the sons of Adam, and he thought that the marriage question was one that women should settle. Made some suggestions about the grain and the building of elevators in every Stake of Zion. Sister Orms spoke for Pocatello Stake and the newness of the organization, only a little over two months, knew they had a good people, there were, faithful sisters in the society. Benediction by Singing, Doxology. President Hammond. E.' B. WkluS Sec. 1 Re- - lllllt I :'l . .cwucm T y President Jane S. Richards, organized Relief Society in Omaha on Tuesday, October 25, at the residence of one of the local Elders. There were present also the Presiding Elder of the'..missio Elder R.E. Yeates and Elder Hatch of Logan, Utah, also Bishop Barton and wife of Kays-lllandMrs. Josephine R. West, one of the 'General Board of the Primary Association, and Mrsf E. B Wells who arrived just before the meeting closed. Full particulars will be ' published. wife, NATIONAL WOMAN'S responded. .Minutes of the mornin.r ,..,.. mg ol the April conferer.ee. read and ap proved. President Zina J). II. Vountr snoke a few words ol enter and comfort to the sisters and bore a strong testimony to the truth of the Latter" day work, and "she said we had but just commenced our work in this society, and spoke of the time when the women of the Church were first organized and the progress that ad been made, yet felt that.. we had only made a start. , She spoke ... r mrtner upon humility and overcoming by the power of the testimony of the truth ' til wh.n we sUall be Mq tQ lhe b 0f the redeemed. u President Jane S. Richards urged the sisters to be faithful in attending their meetings and conferences, thought it both V' '. - new book for the holidays will soon be ally received . I Utah woman, Mrs. Susa Young Gates, reid a piper "The Relation of Capital and Labor as Applied to Domestic Service," t- :Now la 'us rejoice." Jane S. Richards Singing "How firm a foundation. Roll tailed, 'nineteen Stakes ! .... " " D.Yonn Grayer by iideuV 