4 WOMAN'S . .... ..r..-V 1 LAI UiU AN 0 'J. WELLS, RMMEUXR ' ANN IH Wkl T; T r. IS CASXON iCamt . VihlJ - rltl I rrm. Mmtmif ThlS . ... v" ttini-cUxi- S 1S9S. .In view of the momentous questions now pending one cannot help wondering if the women of this. State are aware of the great opportunity open before them in having realize-threequal suffrage.. Dp they sponsibility for good or ill that this precious boon has given them" ? They are. undoubtedly half the voting population of the entire State; were they to unite on any proposition they could carry it, there is not a doubt'. As soon as anything goes wrong it is noticable how quick people are ready to say 'the women did it." Therefore it would seem "the women" must study carefully the questions of the day, and particularly the needs of their own locality, and the new conditions that, have come through statehood,, and its relations to the general government under which they live and of which the people profess to be so proud. There are many problems confronting the people today "and they .must be taken seriously. Women have the ballot in. these intermountain states and the wonieu in other parts of the Republic, not so highly favored, expect something of this privi-leg- e granted to a few; something tbat - will help them; a brilliant example of superior wisdom in! dealing with important matters; we in Utah are being watched in the. course we pursue with this great gift bestowed upon us; we are like a light set on a hill, to give light to those around, therefore the women of Utah must take heed to their ways, and should make a record now in this coining campaign that they will be proud of, and that will help womankind every where'tlie world over. There is always counsel to be obtained for those who are at sea upon subjects that seem doubtful, and the scripture tells us, "Where there is no counsel the people fall; but in the multitude of counselors thee is Those who have labored for safety." years to secure the ballot and equal rights for women are not likely to rest satisfied, when their claims to recognition are not conceded, and will by such methods as seem proper ' and available declare their equality 111 matters that pertain to their welfare as citizens. Men have sx) long held supremacy' in the political .world that it is oeihans - .Hfflrnit ;i-h woman .to.al th.m .. kv snare, ami eve,, a very small ,roport,on appears 10 be given i.. i i i well-being- -- j -- j j , ; . u! . will- - I v"v sacrifice to greay things, to liberty, and the higher enlite ment? Let us hope that men may fj better way, that by the light that has co- mto the world a firmer bond of broth u tf 1 iijli.l ti A tint' liUVVi Ilia; . Wfc,iV v.huiimjih.U( aIiU(;Yf" nations as .well as individuals come to the understanding and practice of "the golden rule" our Savior left for all to folioWhen the time shall come which Emersca voices, then indeed happiness may largely be achieved. ;;; just at home; then write your scroll Of honor o'er the sea; And bid the broad Atlantic roll, A ferry of the free." . t Kverything.-ha- had to wait while s the war went on; and now more battleships i 1...M4 io.ue uimi uuu gitruici ueparaiions cade for wars to come instead of looking forward to a reign of peace. Money must cons;, quently be appropriated and the country must be taxed to pay interest on bonds. The outlook, is not a cheerful one except to those who trust implicitly in an overruling "Providence, and look with prophetic intuition into the future knowing He yih reigns on higi will bring' to pass in His own good time all He has promised through 4 - i . His servants. . The Utah Volunteers have made a good record with scarcely an exception. Sose have distinguished themselves nobly ad have been given higlier rank,' and all appreciation and admiration from the folks at home, for at the best it has bee: hard enough." Some tales of the wounded the suffering and hungry are very pathetic. On the 23rd of August when the wife oj Oen. Gordon was leaving Jacksonville for Savannah she says, "A Fernandiua train "arrived aiidicktdieTsmeoiYdedtita" the Pulman cars," no surgeon and no nurses had been-senalong with them, one man died sooaafterthe train started, another was delirious from fever and a third in the last stages of typhoid, developed severe hemorrages. A physician on the train was summoned and passaugers gae up their places in the sleeping cars to' the soldiers, who were weak and some of them nearly famished. Mrs. Gordon obtained from.the buffet all the milk, brandy and ice and set e t prostrated"Wers; PEACE. . 1 s . - gruugingiy, aim. wnere common courtesy ' human life, that nations rise j M -t Must it always be by the dlltV t h -- .7 ftifir I ..,..f,iiH;:: 'y;,' iTJ lTL'l'. . l -- ; 4' i . imiw-r.itiv- ;-.- -- e would suggest at least a semblance of ' i -- - . can--no- WOMAN'S VOTIv AND HOME ,. INDUSTRIES. -- ' u.i.". lives- for their ... w- .. " .1I1 4hw 1, ( ill (VlHi-O. were some there it that Km. - v., .dlini-l- i 1 i . and prosjerity of the community is at stake. One of the most important considerations in the coming campaign is and should be the fostering of and protecting home industries upon which the future of the jKropIe t and the State itself depends. Women afford to ignore this question, it lies Homes and happiness, near their hearts. all that makes life sweet rests upon the development of that which is within our own borders. The Lord has given tlrs wonderful land to the people within to make fertile and bring forth from its soil an abundance for themselves and their children, and they should not trille with such benefits. J5y dint of laborAconomy and thrift some industries have been cstah lished that still heed the fostering care ol the State, others need to be founded to promote still greater prosperity and give more One opportunities for labor and profit. which appeals most direct to the women of Utah is the. silk industry, and too much cannot be said on the subject nor the encouragement of it too strongly urged. Agitate it everywhere until the pcopL awaken to its importance sufficiently to comprehend the bearing it would have upon the pros-- , " perity of the country. Here and there and at different times women have made persistent efforts, and worked against obstacles that seemed insurmountable, and have proven what a united effort could accom-phswith some protection and necessary aid, but now with the ballot in their own hands, and the coast clear, to elect men and women to places of trust who will consider home industries, the paramount issue for Utah, what can be said if they fail? How will they condemn their own course if they ignore this .weighty matter upon which so much depends of labor and help for', the many idle hands, who must have food and raiment and habitations to dwell-inthe City, Ut.ik, at .Salt Lakk City Skptemutr i, .,. ; ... to DeHOrni to their part well that no blame shall attach -them through blundering' at a time when Salt Lake City, Utah. Sjt luiie - :., r (bi' iMrtu-i- l a lew ic.vi i vua. manipulation" of matters" ot pui)iie U nn,l PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, th'i tost Ofict in matter . - i Another dav has dawned on Utah and under different circumstances, and women have been entrusted with sacred rights and privileges in the matter of government, y Rnttrti at .1 . " Weal. I1me.-Jj.50;- .. j -- And still; olheVw. or serious illncssr has l)een ... 111.41. IUI - . to the n ' m mi.v; .'fITl .Ilr -IIIIl'CL r t ihm"v. . .1 . ...... '.""V . .Stile,- Uiai ana uwi thev had the uauot, Editor. r.W.fM' in kt- -. , lo..iw I l,if i:iV i:nv.v Utah. " l j , uou.ici Mr..i.oo:' one copy six month clubs.' City p.ycri deliv-- . 50 cts.' No reduction made lor ered by mill, extra for postage one year, 25 cti. lines of nonpareil . A Jvertisir- - rates: Each square. A liberal dis-- c 00. per month, I3 tpiceone rant regular advertisers. Ttro-pi- t Kxi'ONtNT orhce. Room 203 Templctc n, South t m. m.j-vcra. From 10 5 p. Street. Huines hp'ars ' Sunday. except day. Address all business communications to ,VY, i EXPONENT., "s- - prepared milk punch an iced milk ana "The men be many of them revived. longed to Co. O: 157th. Indiana Infantry, and were in chaige' of Captain SaiisDuo who did everything in his power to aid them. .'While 'the medical department the army fails to provide for our suffering soldiers American women like Mrs. Gordon come to the rescue," : This is oniv one instance but there & done many similar ones and the Relief work by Miss Barton and her Red Cross associa 1 The war is over practically so the word goes forth over the wires, through the press dispatches, and from ocean to. ocean the good news flashes. If only all wars weie over, all fighting and bloodshed and conflicts ended or a bright prospect of such a; time in the near future, then indeed there would be cause for rejoicing; but while "the terrible consequences of war are so there, cannot be much real eladne apparent nmlif will be long before, the country settles down. Z CrZ-- r iu aKam ub loriner quietude and men wli.i took part in the affairs resume day work in life..: '.StavJ vail waive the same nl through wounds or the effects of exposure "'S is something that American women V well be proud of. Our own Lieut. B. tells of Miss Barton's coming arnocg the wounded at Santiago and with Ker offj. hands making the gruel and. beef tea wounded soldiers. giving it to-.the- ., 