l ' i e time.vt ill faie other courtyard was nearer i "The hieroglyphics, figures, etc., found hcu jjo Gubd lives,, cune . amone ,uii lulu? - nv-,T?5- -- , - 'S5dTw2S.5t 'tin Whe7encvcr''s known' the fallhlifteau Hut on life's way,Meep mountains frowning, nent were a cultured and enlightened race, Far .the traveler from a world so fair; "The. whole extent occupied by these remains Whrre o'er the summits bikjhr, unc; anting, of a once gr at civilization was covered m'rtt up 'here. Is the City Golden Mav we with trees.. Two of them wire gigantic D. ALDKR. eiebas over twenty feet in circumference, mem October, iSqS. binding down the ruins and shading buildwith their brandies. Who were the Historians say that ers of this city? RICA PER S CLUB. America was peopled by savages, but such The a class never reared these structures. Extracts from the minutes of the Reaper's fine carving on .stone was the work of an Club meeting held on tlitp 2th of Septemenlightened race who must have been at the "Vvmmn 's Exponent" in the arts and sciences of their day. ber, 1S9S, ' ffi':e: The Indians were asked who made these An interesting piper. on the "Ruins, of nlonuments. etc., and their answer was, was read by Mrs. J. 'Who knows?', At one point on the southCentral Druce. Mie stated that in 1S39 Mr. J. 4. east conu-- of an enclosure is a massive misstructure 120 feet high. pyramidal Stephens was intruded with a social " On the right are also remains of terr.ices, sion to Central America by President Martin Van Buren. He visited the ruins in pyramidal buildings ami a gateway twenty that country, including Copan, Chiapas, feet wide, the latter entering into a quad Mr. Stephens fcund rangular area 250 feet square, two sides ot Yucatan and others, which are pyramids 120 feet high. on the left "bank of the" Copan river in area are numerAt different points an ancient and mysterious city situLying 01: the ated about three hundred miles from the ous remains of sculpture. sea. ground was a remarkable portrait, probably, 'some "king. or chieftan. The expression A Spanish historian of Guatemala stated of a column alone that in 1530 the Cacique of Copan and was noble. Near this stood was It 13 fcet others were engaged iu a revolt, against with its face to the east. high. 4 feet front 3 feet deep and bdilp-tureSpanish rule, and being determined to on all four sidev Originally it was them the Spaniards laid siege to the painted or enameled red, the' city known as Copan, w hich at that time still visible. was one of the largest and most popular in Ata'distance of perhaps 8 feet was another the kingdom. AUer.a desperate battle the stone with Cacique and his auxiliaries being unable to large, elaborately sculptured of its sides. on three resist their foe retreated and-lefCopauto rows of hieroglyphics Following the wall- was still .another of Th'1 place described by this its fate. the same, size and similar in appearance. Spanish writer must have had reference to Turning north on the left was found a sonic other city, as the massive stone structures and columns showed no signs high pyramidal structure. The range of ruinscontinued on this side for about 400 of any such battle having occurred. Francisco Fuentes mentioned that in the feet, then turned at right angles to the left and ran to the river, joining theolber ex year 17.00 the great Circus of Copan still re"At a short distance from tremity of the Wall., at which the survey mained entire. commenced. this stood a wall with a gateway and pasThere was another monument of differ- sage leading to- two finepyramids from it shape, beiTTgtarger at the top than be- winch was suspended a .hammock conta ing two human figures. It appeared to be low, and the carvings on that was in low entirely of one stone and of enormous relief. It alao had hieroglyphics." Near the latter obelisk they found very weight, yet was put in "motion by the remarkable altar, which stood cu four globes slightest movement of the hand." From 1700 uutil 1836 no mention had' cut out of the same stne from which the been made of these rums, .m the latter other portion of the structure was made, year Colonel Galendo under a commission the sculpture on this being in bas relief from the government of Central America It was the only specimen of that kind of visited Copan and other ruins of that carving found at Copan, ail the others were in JjcM relief. of his report very little is known. "This altar was six feet In 1840 Mr. J. Iv. Stephens explored square and 4 feet high, the top being disome of those places especially Copari and vided into inscribed with hieroin order to save trouble with the natives glyphics, which probably recorded the hishe pruchased from them about 6,000 acres tory of great "events In the lives of that On each of the four sides of this of land on which the ruins were situated. people. for of extended altar The remains were carved four figures. Copan City The two s a same river the miles of two name, principal personages were on the west side long and comprised the walls of a temple 62 and facing each other. The serpent was feet long." introduced in sculpture, remindme one of Mr. Stephens said: "Cutting our way the Egyptian methods of honoring their I he head dresses were through dense woods we came to a square nerpes or kings. column fourteen feet high and three feet on curious and complicated, and the figures on each side, sculptured in very bold relief the altar all had breastplates. O tl fll Trntif fmni tllti (11 CW tA t1l tfltl ".. One of the two principal of these held iu was the figure of a mau curiously and richhis- hand an object which seemed to be a was 'face whoe a evidently porly, dressed, sceptre, and each of the others was holdThe sides were covered with hiero- ing something which might "have been a trait. glyphics. Before it and about three feet , weapon of war, but if so', it was the only away was a huge block of stone, sculptured represeniauon ot tiiat kind of weapon found with1 figures-ansupposed to have been an in Copan;. therefore," the supposition is that altar." they were a peaceful people. irrrrnlir' . cm r fr IS 1()H f()T ( lf n tl i .c l especially how one of them was set on a mountain 2,000 feet higli is a problem ini. possible for us to disco er, or even con. jicture. At one point in a ravine leading towards the rive was a gigantic block much larger than any seen in the city," and was probably n its w ty there when the labors of the workmen , were suddenly aPel haps the history of the peo. rrested." pie is engraven on their monuments etc, read them. but who The.se works were strange in desijjn, in sculpture, rich in ornament ar.d difTe'rcut from that of any people, now known. Mr. Stephens made especial inquiry for the stone hamnu ck mentioned by Futntes but failed to find it, although it may still A priest told be there broken and buried. d r ex-celle- nl " Hon-dura- s, of-thi- s . Stephens that he had seen it, and an Indian also stated that it had been entire two generations back. The existence ;of these ruins wa,s. first, made known to the world through the writings ot Mr. Stephens and the drawings . which accompanied them, by Mr. The htter gentleman was with Mr. Stephens in Central America. Sir. d . ' It was more probably a rv,r tion of the temple, and perhaps had beea the scene ot imposing religious ceremonies There" was found among Copan's ruins a small death's head made.from'a fine grt(rn stone (jadeite) and beautifully carved. How large stones were transported over . sub--du- e JC - iecn th. te&.iM on all. Hides. IY-DI- edu-cate- i,,-...- , . stead o .. 1 ' "e v4!, ..JS.K.ij., jtaiwjiyrttvy i -- color-being- Cather-wood- J. A. t - Druce, Sec. MEMORJAM. IN . . . . I ut 36-tabl- ets . j . ssionaries to the Sandwich !sl . T IA J biieibyvilIeT'Portage I md,andhis t Co, Ohio. wifeKda ; Jiorn at so of the Church - experience from the her birth until the day ot her death! She came to Utah in 1850 and was married to Henry Standage in 1S51, with whom she shared in the privations and toils of Utah's early pioneers, and to. whom she bore a family of ten children. In .i'ne year 1880 she emigrated from Utah to Arizona. On her arrival in Mesa, Arizona, with her family sie ioined the Relief Society in Alma ward, and in ib6 she was voted in first counselor in tne Relief society of which she has been a faithful member attendin every duty devolving upon her and always on hand to help to relieve the sick or those in distress; and as stated by her Bishop and earn who spoke at her funeral, Sister Standee was a live member of the Church, wasfaithfu' to every duty and call! g. From age, experience ' and good works she has gone to her rrst as a veteran in the Church of God, leaving a veteran . husband with eight living children, fort'.four grandchildren and four great grandchildren to bear her name in honor and blessing through all generations of time. A long cortege of loving kindred and friends followed her remains to the grave to await a reunion of loved ones in that sweef 'bye and bye. evolution clav of . - . d STANDAGK. Died at Mesa City, Oct. ir, 1S9S, af eran illness of some days, Henrietta Staridage, wife of Henry SUndage one of the Mormon Battalion, and daughtt r of Noah Rogers, one of the first mi- . . coun-try.b- HENRIETTA " "Dearest mottf r tnou hast left us, And thy loss we deeply feel, But 'tis God that hast bereft us, He carr all our sorrows heal. Yet again we hope to meet thee, v. When the S day of life is fled, When in heaven with joy to greet tfiee, Where no farewell tear is shed." Anna Kleinman, Pres. Sophronia A. Stewart, Sec. 