... wanted a - ' "v"i. - seasc. i s--rf- "- ' . .TTi' J- - f' ...'.-"i(ul..V'l-- . ' Q.fcstVlm J' "" rrt,i rirrf"i " .! ; fThe J ' vfrniritLm- of "Sir Arthur Sulli- - t rr?'yS:''n'' mOY" the only" sta line Hr. ;I&tfrjfr puemAyas of'IJcii Bolt or the salt ea . will yt?fj': vvill Thi; you;" Perhaps that is what prompted ttie; he air adapted to the song. by van's beautiful gale. hM Chord,'" is sisters r,l the Relict Society to have a Fair. r Nelson Kareass was iroiu an out t.ennau' Jinked ;a lth sadsong'The memories in the life of tin The day was set for Monday, a week' melody. composer: One night during the last illan advertiseChristmas; so r i ' "Maid of Athens': is a 11 IMUkV, ;y uora ncss of his beloved brother Frederick, when ment was inserted accordingly in the iliorning papers Bvron to the leautiful Theresa Macri. lor three weeks he had watched night and which lead: Latter-daSaint's Social and at day bei !c him, as the enddrcw near he II. i a to be held at 245So.Spring St., l)cc. daughter of the Knglish Athens. Twenty-fou- r song fell into a peaceful sleep. Sitting bv his 20, 1.S07. Delicious lunches served, proin" was written an Fhiglishmin' bedside Sir Arthur chanced to com j across gram rendered, some dancing engaged, in. Greece sought out the "Maid of Athens" and Adelaide Procter's poems" whieh five vcar.s Atiniissiou lice. found her rnarried, tKe mother of a large before had greatly-impleahiniL as he Promptly at 7 o'clock the tloors were of no traces her beauty left and. in lead them over ag.un in the soilness of the opened. The large hall uas very beautifamily, and want abject poverty. night their musical equivalent seemed to fully (leeorated and showed the artistic skill , Samuel Wood worth, a tramp printer, sound in his ears. A stray sheet-opaper of those S. lints and JClders who strove so coming into his house He faithfully to make our fust Fair a success. day, tired and was at hand and he began to write. a out of The hall was trimmed with pepper water and grew abvj; bed as Vnc muvc grew arid thirsty, poured glass drank it eagerly saying to his wife "How detenniiiul to finish the .vmg; "even if it boughs and smilax, Japanese lanterns were refreshing that is, but how. much more reproved worthless in thecdd !i lit of day it suspended around the no;n, a profusion of. freshing would .be a good long draught would have helped to w!:iie away the hour dowers and polen leaves lent their assistance ' 1 has from the old caken bucket in my father's ol watching. One was written "The to present a pleasing appearance. well at home.1 lliswifesuggesttdthat. it Chord," perhaps the m"st successful coiner of the hall wa:i" Ulilietl by the sisters' would be a good subject for a poem and as ccrfahdy one of tt:e uioat be miiful sn;;s of tlie Relief Society for the iale of their ' under thVTiispifation of the moment" he of modern times. Its sale already has ex- - many articles ceeaed two hundred and fifty thousand 'Tuas indeed encouraging and gratifying wrote MTheQld Oaken Bucket to the luders to think, that through the ".The Angel's Whisoer" bv Samuel copies. labors of the missionaries such a promising Mr. Sankey's hung "Ninety and Nine" Lovr, is based on the old superstition in Ireland that when a child smiles in its was named originally by Mr. 'Mo dy "The branch had been built upin this Calforuia The Lost Sheep:" The great Kvangelisth were city. sleep it is listening to the angels. The beautifully arranged tables well filled music is an old Irish air, "Man do ye holding meetings in Kngbud one night when Mr, Moody asked Mr. Sankey if he with fancy and useful articles all of which Kancy Me ?" "Kathleen Mavournten, " usually spoken had any .song on tlie text of "The Good was the work of the Saints in this branch of as having been written by Professor K. Shepherd."-- Mr. Sankey had found in a and donated for the benefit of the Fair, Xicolks Cronch, was in reality the work of paper, while on the train some days pre- showing the interest they manifest in the Mrs. Louise M. Crawford, an English poet. viously, a poem signed anonymous, cut it work here. The evening's exercises were She was the collaborator of Proffessor out and slipped it into his pocket. There ojened by a word of. prayer from Klder Cronch in the issue of several books of are golden moments in the cvar;gelUts Harding, followed by a lew interesting re work, this was one" of them. Something marks from Brother Jacobson, president of songs; she writing the words, he th: music. It is one thing to sit m a theatre in New seemed to say to him over and over, "Sh: this branch. The program included recita Vorlcamid a scene of brilliant glitter and the verses you found on. the train." He tions, musical selections both instrumental fashion and hear the marvelous voice of opened his note book, took '.out the scrap, and vocal, solos, duetts and trios Oif in one corner the game of fsh jxmdPatti rippling on the melody of ''Way and the second thought came, "II nv can-reDown upon de Swanee Ribber" and anothsing a song without a tune?" meanwhile was in progress, the liberal patrpnage it er to travel through the South till one the audience was waiting; he gave one ceived pronounced the game a great success. There was a handsome doll and a cnmpjuiddiiiily njtou the rlpnr; silent waters moment to .silent supplication then struck a In n tist how this narrow little lull chord .on the organ and began lu Mug large oil painting o exhibition. of this stream, little roonu apart fi ... the main hall the river, that He did not know what chords he plaved or in tin olavs so small a Dart on the map of thcVi what iiotes he sang, he was thinking of vouiie ladies dispell d refreshments United States as dees the SwaneeJ could that poor, lone sheep and the Good Shep- most approved manner. President Nye, whom we are always ever have become, all because of a mere herd who searched through the night and glad to see, was with us. Those missionsong, so famous in this wide world, seems, brought it home, and somehow he got were Brothers Harding, "The old I;olks at Home," through the first verse, then he paused and ary Elders presentWest strange. and A they. Toward PraU, sometimes called the "Swanee River" 'was .played some chords waiting to begin the Bachman, delie knew that every heart in that the close of the entertainment the sisters unwritten by Stephen C. Foster and is a second. vast audience was with him and that every cided to auction some of the articles yet great favorite the world over. breath was held in expectation, and the sold. Klder Pratt acted as auctioneer, and written also Home" Old "The Kentucky "Can I remember the notes he sold everything lie could lay his hands came, thought to been to have is said suggested by Foster, same tune as the first verse ?" on without reserve, to the highest .bidder; him on hearing an old negro speak with to sing the mind and began to sing but the sisters thought the- - bids not high his concentrated He Kenlove and longing of his old home in dolls marked at two dollars through the live verses. enoughsoldwhen again, were Foster's of Mr, rSeveral songs for twenty-livwere tucky; cents, so called a death he till as still sat as. audience The room halt and Klder Pratt reluctantly gave up composed on brown paper in the back finished with the last glad shout. of a- little grocery store in New York. his position. "Massa's in de Cold. Cold Ground"isoneof both financially-.':Afid the angel? echoed around the lhrorn-The 'Fair of idea the he his best compositions; got and socially, a good spirit prevailed during Rejoice for the Lord brings back Mis own-He this song in Covington, Kentucky. the wholeeveniug and everybody ieturned Mr. came over all was it When Moody his fact that the heard a slave bewailing that our first attempt at a Fair ancl putting his hand home, feeling from the down he now pulpit that and was deaq was a great success. good old master dear friend shoulder his friend's on said, 'My in out worn service, old slaves and other Thanks to the untiling efforts of Sister . ? I lieyer heard did that where song you get would pass into the hands of less kindly K; Woollacott, president of the Society, said Mr. like anvthine it." "That," Foster wrote both- music and owners and her two counselors, Sisters Rand and ' 'is the I on read to ' you poem Sankey. ' words of his songs. Hedberg. t listen to didn' and train the you A. H. Siia.mos. Lord Arthur Hill had a romantic woo( There is in soub; a sympathy with sounds; ing. His present wife acted in the capacity Marchionthe of companion to his mother, And as the mind is pitched the ear is phased A monument has been raised in South his knew she while and ess of Devonshire, With mehinairs, or mania?, brisk or grave, Corolfna over the .grave of Lucinda Home,, love for her and reciprocated, she felt a Some chord in unison with what we hear who went all through the Civil war with against alnap:yitli'her-mraKl-b7 tMclled " e her husband. I tis said that this is .the and so without saying a word she sudmonument on any woman's grave Read before, the "Treble Clef," Wallace, denly disappeared. With many difficulties r77that of Joan of Arc. he discovered her'whereabouts and induced Ida., Dec. 24, 1.S07. ! he-lo- re - y vice-eonst- yedrs-qfterth- H 1 -- e f i:-i- t . j " . i - -- " -- sand-bottome- d, blue-watere- d , . and-ser-we- nt e -- - , ' .was-succes- - ( 1 . ' . : e his-intere- , st only-battlex-ce- - . ; pt ; - 