WOMAN'S KXl'ONKNT allirrorjlieir emperor, and considered of manner. a thinker, ; ConM-quentl- the young empress was y . bv-th- im-peri- al w 'sample. "So much of a Said a lady of herjrourt: and mendacious nature purely imaginative has b'ee'irpu Wished during the past years of Austria-Hungarconcerning the empress-queeby persons who have never had y opportunity of obtaining authentic information about her, that it may possibly interest readers to learn something of her majesty's 'character and mode of life from one who has enjoyed the privileged form-inone of her immediate circle. '' Elizabeth's intense horror of publicity, her love of seclusion and her exquisitely beautiful and romantic personality have rendered her the victim of misrepresentation that is ludicrous and frequently cruel. Eiizabeih, although regarded as an interesting figure, is not one that is popular in the general sense of the word, hence many of these elaborately spun tissues of falsehood have been of an inconsiderate and painful One of the most unfounded of character. these statements is the one to the effect that her m jesty has succumbed to the herediShe is tary curse of the house of Bavaria. not demented, nor has she ever been so, Broken-hearteeven momentarily. by sorrows which were due to ..no fault, ot hers. Yes; but not even a prey to melancholia so graphically described by imaginative an ? -- d with regard to the same any blindness she did not feel, her delicacy and purity of mind rendered her intolerant with regard to the delinquencies and indiscretions of a mundane's life. She condemned openly, and a mere look of her glorious eyes was sufficient to convey a reproach to those whose consciences reproved them. fastidious and Love as ordinarily understood and no' man has any influence over her; when they attempted to change from courtiers to open admirers they found an impassable barrier between them in her chilliness of mariner. She has been surrounded by all the powers of. passion but has never granted them more than a cool smile of compassionate pity, those who call her heartless prefering animals to human beings; little know the true origin of her. reticence and coldness.. She was . was displeasing to her, been able 'to obtain noble, silent.-brav- e, resolute,-- generous and absolutely truthful in all things. Francis Joseph has good looks, supreme . elegance', chivalry- - h hasten drawn into and a marvelous charm' he has never loved but one woman, and that . wo- the. base of th'e;4$:fV ciJUC (Kald mountfcV.c,u wViWh'ia Seen nfie border of the Viennese woods, whose beauty render the environs of the city most attractive. The public and private buildings include some of the finest of modern architecture. The Court theatre is of white marble and its sculptures.in portraits and allegorical figures, tell the story of the world's drama. Two imperial museum buildings of great extent fact; each other across a square, in the center of which stands Conova's great monument of Maria Theresa, surrounded" by .flowers and shrubbery amid which play the waters of four exquisite marble fountains. In the king's palace the grand sta irway and entrance hall are most beautiful. As you enter the palace there is a grotto of shells with fountain. In the Crown room arc portraits in court costume of the present emperor and empress. The palaces are so beautiful one leaves them with regret. Now that the'em press rests in the solemn, silent vaults of the CapUchin church where so many of the Hapsburgs are restingin silver and in bronze coffins on the stone floor beneath the aiches, her many virtues will become prominent: man is his will-Not one tithe of tho adT ventures ascribed to the Austrian niunan-' are true. Women of all ranks admire him and he . never was able' to withstand the charm of this delightful- homage; his in regard to women rendered him cruef to the one he really loved. Often at first the emjress was angry, too proud to stoop ' to jealousy. - She bitterly suffered when neglected, but found consolation in religion, kind and warmhearted she helped the unfortunate and condoled them as did 'her namesake, Elizabeth of Hungary, centuries ao. In her visits to the slu her empire numerous" families were redeemed from misery and suffering, many foul places were purged to moral and physical clearliness and many young people male and female were saved from crime and ' shame. . The empress was an enthusiastic horsewoman and' she smoked cigarettes and strong cigars, which she said soothed her nerves. It is a pity she could not have enjoyed- the splendor of her surroundings. Jfapsburg, or Ilabsburg (named from-thold castle of Ilabsburg in Aargan, Swtzer-lanHelen V. Kim older name. Hawks Castle,) an ancient Read at the U. W. P. C. and illustrious family to which belongs the reigning sovereign of Austria. The castb which was built by Werner, .Bishop of THE MARTHAS AND MARYS. is now in ruins, only Strassburg, 100129, the walls of the lower remaining. The In L,uke chapter 10, verses 2, we founder of the hou-however, was Albert, find the words, "Martha, Martha, thou" art who is mentioned as the Count of Hapsburg careful and troubled about many things, in 1 153. Under Lim and his son Rudolf I. but chosen the hath better Mary part which the lamily became the most powerful in shall not be taken from her." southern Germany and gained control of a Xow God forbid that I should be irreverconsiderable part of Switzerland. . ent or question the sayings of the Master, The first German emperor of this family but it seems to me He was rather hard on was Rudolf I., who founded the Austrian Martha on that occasion. I can only think house which from 143S to 1S06 held the that the whole is not told and that there is German imperial crown, and since (That more than we see in the Savior's words. time has held that of Austria,, In Spain, Martha was cumbered with much serv- . h - soft-heartedne- ss . " e d ' 41-4- e, . T-usc- auy too honest to. pretend satircal. ; AUhou-- ii rendefs it one of thetnost interesting and beautiful cities of Europe. ..The 'i-J.i.- and Modena Haps- Burgund burg monarchs, but of the Spanish line, The Spanish line have also borne sway. sprung .from Charles V., whose father was a son of .Maximilian I., and whose mother was a daughter of Ferdinand and Isabella. When he abdicated in 1555 he left his Aus trian possessions and the imperial crown of Germany to Ferdinand I., Spain and the Netherlands to his son, Philip II. With Charles II: the Spanish line of the house of Hapsburg became extinct 1700, qnd' the to acquire popularity was due to her loftiness and great nobility of character. Being remarkably gifted by nature and education she was quick to perceive the foibles and weaknesses of those with whom she was brought into contact; Her failure refined, soldier: a keen hunter, a satirist and U cofcur. ttur-jnerth- L first ten or twelve years of her Jrxi"i treated with coldness and disdain public, by the arrogant Austrian the members of the aristocracy and by family arid 4u particular by Archduchess Sophia, the empress mother, who ydwr talented and strongmindeU exercised au enormous influence over her son's mind. She became intensely jealous of her lovely and instigated many of daughter-in-lathe Storks circulated about her, that of the staircase of the palace Schoenbrum being a Her taste was I le is a 53 . Spanish war of succession began, which left Spain to the house of Bourbon In 1 88 1 it was proposed to purchase the Castle of Hapsburg .and present, it to the crown prince of Austria, but the people of Aargan opposed it so violently tbe project was abandoned. Imagme.what .it is to be there where their wealth has been accumu lating for ages. Vienna, the imperial capion the fight bank tal of Austria-Hungarof the Danube, where occurs the only break in the great chain of the Alps and Carpath-iamountains which divide the northwestern from the southwestern part of Central by the Europe.. Henceit was chosen Romans as a place worthy of settlement and' fortification against the tribes north of .the Danube. During the middle ages it De- came a great centre of trade between the acnorth, south, east and west and thus which quired- a - cosmopolitan character . I y, . n; i'f Mry instead of lending a helping hand was sitting at Jesus' feet drinking in His wonderful words; perhaps he was expounding to her the principles of the Gospel not perfectly understood by her, and she in her rapt attention forgot her sister laborers. But Martha was working for Him, she was preparing the feast at which He was to join, but why was she less honored in her duties Doubtless she would than her sister? have liked to hear His wonderful words tod, but" He might have had to depart or retire supperless had. she done so. I have often thought of these words and wondered at them There are many toiling Marthas today who would gladly take the place of the Marys, but by Veason of their multifarious duties have not the time. ; I picture before me a good and worthy sister spending her life and her means in every good act that comes in her way, in fact giving her time and substance in the service of the Master, her "name honored, her very presence felt and a . murmur of blessing following her on every side. I see another sister whose aspirations are as high, whose love of the Master is as great and who would gladly devote fher life to His ministry but who is poor and has to toil for her daily bread, and has but little time to Her toilsare devote to the better part. . . . 