(if ""vy . ....... branches' " , .:,kC'.,.w en is or - sun-nose-d 7" Lfioiuietl to tne lniuaiesol- the room at the time of the murder ami placed it' together on a t runic that was in the room-Abo- t- ',.jt--.?ffi;'y'w;- - - . or. . ' : TZts.K. . Y - .... ;" counselors ... . . - . that had been given ..instructions withi'iuck interest bv aa nresHTT visits oi.Said it the r . t rini'iren were in regam to uie iraimng oi ".I'll the Stake officers were reported by Counsel after the massacre of or Ransom, showing' an. improvement in ah remembered and practiced we. would have three communities and better .boys ai:d Nau-wof the branches of the Society in the Stake, Joseph and Hymm we moved back to and a desire to continue in the good work. gins Counselor hh.i Refill followed in I witnessed the trying' scenes the the same strain as the previAis speakers Saint passed through until they were driv: She spoke in. an interesting and impressive in regard to the training of children, and manner tin the duties of ofHcers and mem I remember a circume:i h.n Nauvoo, bers of the . Relief Society, and closed by gave some very 'good instructions on that stance that incurred during wh it is called ' subject.the batlle.of Nativoo. While at Jhe well praying the blessings of Gcd might be upbister Delia Lyman -- aid she was glad tnat . all.on acannon ball water, drawing a bucket mothers were waking up to a sens' of their President Andrew Kimball gave excellent from the enemies' guns struct the chimney duties aub seeing the necessity of keeping to the sisters, in which he'said' woof the house in which we lived, and so counsel ' and should use their little boys ch.e around them as they much frightened me that I got my fingers men liave a.great-iniluenc' do their little girls; f f they learn many fast in the well windlass and in extracting it for good. After singing, ami .prayer by Bishop John things by roaming' the streets. myself skinned my fingers nearly, the whole Elder Adam Peterson, one of the Von: Taylor, conference adjourned until 2 p. in. length. At ii;io the officers met at the resilience Mens ,M. I A. missionaries, was the next f was among the remnant of the sick ami of President Elizabeth T.ay ton, .. receiving speaker. He said he felt that we could nbt dying Saints on the 'banks of the.'. Missis- instructions from Counselor Delia Curtis, do without the i Relief Society; spoke elosippi after the. expulsion, when they were President Elizabeth Wil-liaLay ton r President quently of the duties of Jjusbar.ds to wives" miraculously fed on. quails that alighted .in Johnson and President Andrew Kimball, and of sons to mothers and sisters.- He felt their midst. When the quails alighted" they that woman was w rthy of much more than At "2 .p. m. conference lit on our laps and everything around. gave her credit for;, to her we were After we had caught enough lo eat they After singing, and prayer by Eishop George imany LexLf r. d eh ta istical and Iinancialrepcrl5 orlhe.le t ter. and. fi n e r parts of. our bccs.- -f Skinner-r flew' towards the were read. The names of the central board l eing. Sp;ke at .some length on obedience Before- this some young men went out into Counto" parents and the priesthood. the woods with their guns to find some and Stake officers were 'presented by sus- The minutes of the ' previous confen-r.eselor Del& Curtis and unanimously while and families to. for eat, their game tained, after .which she read a selection were read and approved, after which the they were gone the quail came and had from the MiUeiuiidi Star. General and Stake officers were unanimouslgone when the got back. They had bad Rebecca y sustained. President F. A. Hammond en- Stake president a luck while thev were out and killed nothing : J 1 ut wx-ek-s bt-tte'- r o. . . , - e " m - d. Irksra-swrmxr- -- xf -- e j .he-Primary- and-had-toco- me r tbeir p-j- . C,U.--t- Jf ,t r, n i.vCWt" rvKrJ,- - v a-,- l- -;,! . nlnntv .,. itc.J. s. REPORTS. R. i closing- remarks, hoped the sisters- would icel blest in comnijr to conference, even if . . I I write to inform you of the reorganiza- SAi.-Ai- ST. JOSE PHSTAKE. " - u ley Conference adjourned for three months; to.be held at Fruitland. . The choir sang "Guide us O Thou- Great Jehovah," and Bishop Jens Xeilson pronounced the bene- diction. Evelyn Adams, . SAN PETE bTAKE. ' :. - Stake-conferenc- of e the Ma-rli-- - -- - . - After opening exercises and reading of minutes Counselor Ransom made a few Verbal reports of the several " re-mark- s,-" ed , . v '' Eph-raim .1 long and so .well, being honorably released on account of her advanced age and feeble-ness- Sec. inutes of the Relief Society conference Conference of Sanpete Stake held- ul Fpr'1,r;--- r 1, iSqS," President M. A. Hyde presiding. Luiuened,al Stun, reb. 20, la)a, President Martha Hammond presiding. Opened with Singing "Conie, come. ye Saints." Open: ' Peterson. President the usual exercises. by Sinine ing'prayer President Martha .'Hammond said she "We thank Thee O God for a prophet. "The hoped the Lord would pour out a goodly following branches were represented: North ward, Fairview,- .Mt. Pleasant, portion of His Spirit upon the sisters that" we might be blessed and built up during" Manti North and South wards, Moroni, our conference and better qualified for our Chester, Ephraim South ward, Mayriild, labors and duties in the future as wives, Fountain Green, Sterling and PYeedom. Relief and workers. Re mothers Society Spring City, Milburn, Indianola, Gunnison .. 'labors different her the and Centerfield were not reported. ported among branches of the society. Opening remarks were made by PresiThe several branches in' the Stake were dent M. A. Hyde Sister Emmeline B. reported as follows: President Kisten Neil-so- n Wells spoke at some length upon the necessaid the Bluff ward Relief Society was sity of 'entertaining a spirit of humility and in good condition, the sisters being on hand obedience? Related her impressions when to donate when necessary and trying to imv she first saw the Prophet Joseph. President J. D. T; McAllister was the prove and advance in all that is good. Norah said President Hammond the memnex t speaker. He said he felt that, we were Mancos the of bers society attended when greatly blest in having the privilege of on but account of the settlement meeting- - together- ;- and -- .that we were possible, with each other before we came being scattered it ,was not. possible for mothers with Families 'of small children . to here to prepare for the life to come. Said attend regularly in the winter season,, and the Relief Society was one of the great for the same reason meetings were not al- - helps of the Church and thanked God for it. Said she felt- blest Exhorted the sisters to. reach out a helping; ways held regularly. and well paid for the sacrifices she 'had hand to. those who were in affliction, and to made to attend the quarterly conference. strive to exert a saving influence over those President Mary M. Jones reported the j who were falling by the wayside. A'dmon-ishecMonticello society as being on th e improve people to be pure "and "' six last the months. virtuous. Dwelt on the. necessity of the during .A; letter was read from the president; of j young people of Zion entering the marriage the P ruitland branch staging that thesocb relation in a proper manner, and invoked Divine blessing ttpoti-thety was.in good .condition, a good .spi nt pre-jr- the sisters. ' "Guide rne Thou-Great sisrers. among vaiimg Jehoringing Minutes of the Relief Society of San Juan. The quarterly conference of the Relief Society of St. Joseph Stake, Arizona, convened at Thatcher, March 11, 1S9S, Counselor Ma'rj L. Ransom presiding in the absence of the president. Elizabeth Lay ton, who was sustained in that position at the late reorganization of the Stake, President Wilmirth East who has filled the office so , , r SAN JUAN. - " '.'', .... v ' tion of the Relief Society of St. John's ward, 'which occurred March 25, 1898. Anna D, Kempe who had served faithfully for four years as president," being a widow and having to work very hard to support .Lei family felt she was unable tu petionsr her duty in. that, position, and therefore tendered her. resignation which wras accepted She is a and she was honorably released. very energetic woman and is well respected by the members of the Relief Society as president, alo by the community at large. President E.L.S. Udall.Stake president 'of the Relief Society being here at the time, a special meeting was called and President Udall together with her counselor, Emily Patterson and the Bishop of the ward, selected the following officers: Margaret Jarvis, president; Anna L. Anderson, first counselor; Eleanor Pitterson, second counselor; R. B. Berry, secretary; Sina Stradling, assistant secretary; Sarah Berry, treasurer. R. E. Berry, Sec. - - y REORGANIZATION'. had ..S-KIl- I Frehident Martha iiammond made a te w ... Annie organ secretary baruuel Patriarcrr Phillips, Ciandge, Presi- Isaac Zundel dent. V . D. Johnson, Bishop , .. . wing wua a recital of such experiences and' testimonies. as would tend to, strengthen the faith of all the Latter-daSaints, praying the Lord to bless us. that we' might have power in the land for good. Benediction was pronounced by Bishop C. B. Boren. Webb, Cor. Sec. aa-un- fini'ies a"d ereat was their t ;IU j I - i j 1 " - the-yo- ung I . ; us-O- ; -- . 