WOM AN'S EXPONENT. tVmvwr ; ' RMStEUNE tVSLLS CAS HON ANN IB - ,B. WELLS, , Editor, 8dittril Ortrifutr. iCmiia), a Salt Lake City, Utah. Published one one Terms: copyyear, $1.00; one copy six months, tor clubs. City papers delivNo reduction cts. made 50 extra lor postage one year, 55 eta. ered by Advertising rates; E,tch squire, ten lines of nonpareil disspace one time, fa.50; per month, $3,00. A liberal count to regular advertisers. auth Tern Exponent office, Room 208 Templeton, m. everym. to a. From 5' 10 hours p. Street. Buiyjess pie semi-monthl- rn-iil- day, except Sund.iy. Address ill business communications to PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, ' V Salt Lake City, Utah. Entered at the Pest Ofict in Salt Lake City, Utah, at tecond-cUmatter , . st ' r ?VL. universities, i vitMiHlpjv-..- ''tf?-.--;01 uncertain Vi , interest-bearinof upon the fluctuations Relief Society "wiiVtase seud statis securities. The nation count- receive sucu could tical and financial report of her respective gifts and give stability .to the income, confer grants and thus insure the highest Stake for the ear ib'97, as soon as possible' to the General Secretary. Mrs. E. B. Well, opportunities to young people of genius. In Salt Lake- City. . Jiranches of democracy still more than in a. monarchy Templeton,' this opportunity should be given, because the Relief Society uot .included in any of the iu a democracy the fruits "of genius more Stakes of Zion wrll also send animal, report" so that the secretary may be able to prepare readily become the property of all. "'PhcflMTirr Memorial Com- - a complete and correct report of the Society U'Khini'ton . q, - f 'inittee desires to raise' a, fund of $250,000 in good time for the April conference. for a building, the administrative home lor a ' An exquisite dinner party was given in National University,. and they wish, every this city on Monday January .31, to about man, woman and child, iu the United States fifty ladies, Intimate friends of the honore.( to hear of Washington's bequest, and to guest ot the occasionf Mrs. Zina D, H. 1iave the opportunity of giving a small sum Young. The party was given by Mes for this memorial. February 22, 189S, has dames Maria Y. Dougall and Phebe Y: been selected as the Offering Day to the Beatie.at the residence of Mrs. Beatie. Mrs. memory of our honoraLfirst president." Jane S. Richards of Ogden was the only ' missing guest. As it was also her birthday as well as Mrs. Young's the supposition was : A POET'S EVENING. she was detained at home by some, recogni-- ' The affair was a delightin .evening of . Friday, January 21, tiou friends of Sis- ful social success"" Mrs.. Young was the " last, a number cf the ter Eliza R. Snow, the .sublime and eminent cipient- - 'of many hearty congratulations and leader among the women of Zioif, kept her expressions of tender affection. As a mother in Israel no woman is more truly birthday anniversary at the home of the beloved and appreciated by the Latter-diywriter. There were about forty of the sisSaints. ters present among whom were the venerable women Zina D. II. Young, M. Isabe-liTHE CLKOFAN. and Smith W. others "Bathsheba Home. and On Tuesday afternoon Jan. 25, at 2. p. These three not so far advanced in life. the club which met at the home", of m. Mothers in Israel were members of the first Mrs.at' H. Lr A. Culmer, '27 C. St., Miss organization of the Relief Society in Nau-voKate Wells read a carefully prepared paper and had always been closely associated on "Sii F'rancis Bacon," treating of his with "Sister Eliza." life, reviewing his more important works The hymn "O My Father" was sung and and quoting extensively from his essays. prayer was offered by Sister M. Isabella An interesting paper on "Sir Walter Scott Home following the "prayer the ladies Raleigh" by .Mrs. F. Marian Dinwoodey joined in singing "Praise to the' man who was read by Mrs Blanche P. Lee. There communed with Jehovah," Sister ina made a brief address and the hostess read was a very good attendance of the members letters of regret from Sisters Jane S. Rich-- , and the afternoon wasa very pleasant one, the topics being very interesting. The ards of Oeden, Sarah M, KinJL-Emiii- anext meeting of the cliilrwnTl)eoirle b; 21 Wpodruff. and others, of. Salt Lake City. at the Ladies Literary club house where the Many of the ladies present read choice Cleofan expects to meet regularly hereafter. selections from her favorite poem of the esteemed and revered poetess; and the time Mrs. Isabel Wing Lake and Df. Caroflew by on "wings ofthe wind" so to lyn Giesel of Chicago, are here in' the interest of the mission work; they are working speak. Simple refreshments were the party was more of a spiritual in the department of Social Purityr of the and poetic nature than one of feasting and National Woman's Christiau. Temperance . merriment. Union and do effective work by the way as Tle memory of the beloved "elect lady" they joiirney Westward. They are both was' fresh atid tender in the minds of all women of education, refinement and of large presentyHer writings, her teachings her experience in the field of humanity, earnest travelsat heme and abroad, her labors and conscientious and are doing. their work among;.the people, and in the Temple were methodically and as practically as it is pos-- , aU remarked uponin the general conversasible to do this sort of reform work. They Sister Eliza lives in the hearts of the have been in Denver and other, parts of tion. Saints and her good works will never die. Colorado recently ascertaining facts and She is immortalized by her poems, and the looking into the ..condition of the public .writer would recommend that the Young morals of the cities and large towns. For Association People's keep copies of her two the past week they have been in Provo . volumes in their libraries. There lecturing and have aroused considerable enof;poems is a large number for sale at the Deseret thusiasm on the question of temperance, News Office, and they are considered valu- purity and Thursday cigarrette able .additions to the literature of the they visited the chief smoking. of policehere and en-- ' Church. The children of Zion should be. quired into conditions in this city and conto taught venerate the memory of one who cerning laws and ordinances Upon the did so much for. them, in visiting, teaching statute books; They will probably remain, and organizing; besides the books written here some time and hold a series of meetfor their use. The Primary ings open to the public. expressly -Book and Tune Book,':' Questions Hymn and Answers and the. Primary Speaker Vols.; I. and ll. Beside the books already IADV IiEJRYSOXIERSETh mentioned Srster"Ette the presidency of the British Womenrs Temfrom Palestine and The Life Correspondence; Association, as her health is tiro oP Apostle Lorenzo Snow, and family perance much impaired for her to perform the history. duties. , . g. of-th- e . w v. A -- ' . Salt Lake City February WOMAN'S 1898. 1, MEMORIAL BUILDING. "" " . " - -- Ti I K G eofge - Wa shington memorial co nr mittee of. Utah held a meeting in the tity. on February rst, at 2 p. m., at the residence of Mrs. 0. J. Salisbury, chairman for Utah appointed by the central committee cf which Mrs. Ellen A . Rfchardson of Boston is .chairman. The meeting was called by by request of Mrs.C, E. Allen, Mrs. Salisbury, who is still in New York City, Mrs. Salisbury went to Washington to, attend the Woman's Congress held there by the Washington Memorial Association on Dec. 14, i5 and 16, 1897, for the purpose of planning a system of campaign in the interest of the memorial or administration building or which the women of the country have undertaken to raise a fund of $250,000, At the meeting. held on February"1, it was considered and voted upon as the sentiment of the meeting that the $1,000 from this state be given by the children in pennies or nickels. Committees' were appointed by- the, chair to wait upon the Governor of the btate andlhe StafeSuper- intendent of schools and also the board of education of Salt Lake City and lay the mat- ter of collections before them for their views and suggestions vice-chairma- n . her-hono- ON-th- will of Washington has stood as a monu-men- t of his sagacity in foreseeing the fact that a state founded on popular intelligence would need facilities for the highest specialization as well as for universal education. His will is unfulfilled; Isit not a reproach to us as a people that the wisdom of one of our greatest men has not been heeded ? " Education in politics and good government was a part of his thought and Ihe need is as greattoday as ever. The safety ' of the home and of individual liberty de- pends upon the proper education of statesThe future of th nation anol of the men race demands the service, of the most carefully trained minds, that by public hygiene and preventive medicine, stalwart bodies .may.be the rule; that theronipiex relation of sex and of capital and labor arising from the introduction of machinery may cease to threaten the welfaref children jet unborn; that a higher type of education for every individual child may be evolved; that material conditions may not stifle the spiritual life of . the people. , ; 'Opportunity 7for research Htivestigatiou which alone can produce these results, is Our slightly cared for iu this country. students flock to Europe for it. Where iu . 1 . ; . v. r. e re-"- old-tim- e v " "-- 7 a . o, , . . "For nearly one hundred years the last . - served-althoug- , - . - . ' " , ' . . " 