WOMAN S relief society. live ill tins age EXPONENT 77t couraged but felt we.xnust depend whei Ifcavnly Fatherwc-for encouragement cutd andr I tfone all. .iJ, when w ! iul tli.it -- : ..sz: he- !WieL Joseph 'has ' ' , co:ei:rj glorious principles tor uur. ku--- ', things and , " hope to', prove .faithful h all. mission oi saving k1i11U UP' u.vlvek : v C o a ii n u ( a 'Society, Our to do some goui but we were told to do it, and it wq-Jsue lanors iaiuuuu) :vnAfternoon session. Conference r.t 2 p. i tit it be right il wc would do our part. . all." iiio.-nmess v "Rentwi to beiient and .Sin 'in'" . r.i presiding. was sometimes difficult, wer have fa:mlies Millard of; Yates Elizabeth Counselor deemer of Prayer by and manyCares; said when she was called who Stake Aid, "We don't have this opportuniJ. W. Smith. .. Singing "Let to be president she fell that her household ' conferences. to come we when WHIM I e Saints indeed." ty often, only cares were all she could see to, but the President Home of Salt take Stake was Onr' Mtvrs a'rc.good, they do w hatever they Lord had blest her and she had gc.ie on thankful to be remembered in the faith and are called upon to db, if there "is any plaii and had not home her affairs, but neglected prayers of the Saints and glad. that her life to draw the skiers out I would like to had accomplished more in her weak way was preserved. These conferences were to know and try it. I would like to know if than she had ever expected. Thought feed us with the bread of life", if we did not any one lias anything to help the' sisters in like was there being industrious,' nothing get food for onr spirits we should die olf, attending who are' dilatory. Sending woour wc show should willingness to do little men missionaries to the heathen has been spoke of the .temporal mission- of storing things as well as great ones, we could not grain given us. by President Young,' the.. done in the world and no doubt has done all tjo the same line of work, neither could Lord sud He' Would jin nothing without good, and I am glad to see our sisters called all our children, but we could be diligent revealing it to His. servants the prophets. lo go. I know one very exemplary girl in what we undertook to do, and do that "If ynti cannot help to store grain you can who will go now in about a week." r to alluded Richards fndi. the save a cans of flour, it has been proven Yates had been blest in her labors and her well. Sister. ' We see com- - health had been better .sine; she had been cations of the approach of famine and felt it will keep twenty years. as zealous in obeying motion all owr the woild, consider the among the si.stcrs. "Last summer we had we had not been She was counsel as we should have been. signs .of the times, read the Bible, the to change onr wheat that had been stored some were there to think young girls Book of .Mormon and the sayings of the twenty years.". Shipped a car load but proud to enter the Relief Socmodern prophet's; 'read what President would .make it up .in- better- wheat, felt who were wdling older sisters, spoke of her Woodruff has said, the Savior's coming is there was much to learn and was thankful iety and help the two granddaughters who were members and Hear, we 'cannot avertlhe indignation of the for these opportunities. Lord, the earth is bringing to pass. President Mary John of Utah Stake, was who could bear a good testimony, men. tioned the fact that the sisters who were :. , phecies. grateful for the privilege of" meeting with Let us say like Joshua of old 'As for me the sisters, are always wining in our aged now were young when they began. Sister Esther Grange of Emery Stake, and my house we will" serve the Lord.' He Stake to do all we are called upon to do. will tight our battles, we shall not be held We have matje carpets, cushions and furnspoke in words of praise of the sisters in guiltlts if we do not keep His command-- ' ishings for the Tabernacle and public their County and of the energy of that ments. 'If ye love not one another ye are buildings. Jennie Brimhall and Inez officers, how anxious they were to carry out ' not mine,' so .said the Savior. KjJ islili . t wo.ypu iig.sjsiers .front - JBrovo,. all the instructions they received, and of v "Cache" Cou nselor "Euna Thatcli'er of StakF have J.)cen called - as- mfcs4onariesf rOthetr j.. their desire to take hold of ".the sil kjnd u.stjr;--said, "We have had7idvice"fn"regard to young people will yet be called, for the this summer and try to accomplish 'some- - . our younger sisters and we feel that there work is increasing." Sister John said she thing creditable, believed they could. has been quite a revival in the work of the was Sister Emilia D. Madsen, corresponding present .when these sisters were set in our do Stake, we Society try to keep tip apart. "How great the work is in which secretary of Box Elder "StaJe, spoke in an earnestness among the- sisters and we we are engaged. The sisters are rather terms of praise and of appreciation of their seek of the Lord to aid us in' all slow in our Stake incoming to meeting but president, Sister Olivia WTiderborg, how we say and do, we tieasure up words of are liberal in donating' Spoke a few jaithful she had always been in performing counsel and instruction; we visit the sisters words'on the silk every duty, and how carefully she had kept industry. "We are tryin the wards and settlements and try to ing to infuse this industry into the Relief the wheat, she was like a sentinel in guard-inkeep up with all" .that is required. it and never allowed any infringment. Society, if the sisters who have a good President Louisa Haight of Cassia Stake, llace for "the work are to commence The sisters had great joy in coming togeth- trying felt great timidity mingled with pleasure. I wbuldj3siiiy-4&tHtrcrrr4hetkedvithisterViderborg she had had the OI would be an inducement to them and in carrying out her wishes, she expressed portunity to come, and represent the Soci would promote an interest in this valuable her iuterest in the silk question and alluded ety in the general conference. Said, "I industry. to the mulberry orchard and felt more have had poor health and we have bad ; Sisv:r Zina D. H. Young talked of silk might be done by a united effort in that loads and. sometimes snow, but I made up and. thought it was a mission and would be direction. ' my mind to come this spring if possible. wealth to the community 'if they would but Stake. Davis .President of Susan Grant We cannot draw near to each other as. we in it. thought they were doing the best they, would like to do we are so scattered, part persevere. Sister'Sarah lickersley of Wayne Stake, could, they were increasing in number, she of our Stake on one side, Cassia, and own felt that they had a good president and the took great pleasure in visiting around the the divide the Goose Creek side. Last sumSociety, in Wayne Stake was in good order Stake and meeting with the sisters in their mer we visited all around, tweb'e hundred and enjoyed their meetings and had own wards and becoming better acquainted, miles through the vales and over the hills. unionthey and a good spirit, felt glad to have felt we could bless and comfort each other I feel my weakness and strive to overcome this opportunity of behig with the sisters in in many directions and build each other up ."my imperfections. "T don't know that there conference. and always felt to bless the sisters who had is anything more to report, that we may be President Thomas Ricks read a ' great, responsibilities;, loved all anddesired united is my prayer." and spoke of what they had done in report to prove faithful. Ban; Mary Bell' Hey wood of Panguitch, nock Stake for charity. "Sister TemperPresident Young spoke impressively of was glad to see so many dear ones whose ance Hinckley as president, it is a young the young ladies coming forward to assist name, were familiar, but could see they've inu HULniuisianaing tue president s head in the Relief Society, wished we could grown old, the dear old faces. We have is white, if they could enroll the young show them the beauty of the work and the between seven and eight hundred bushels of it would be good for them, the blessing that would come to tbem. sisters wheat in our Stakes but some don't believe younger women should come forward and in.- our Sister Emily ' S. Richards added a few saving grain." in help. The Lord with our peowords about' the. young women, ' spoke of the work of the Relief Society and in meetand will ple continue to until' we are more her own experience in in the Sociing her old friends, praved the blessing of obedient to working counsel, and mav we all abide ety when quite young and how .much she the Lord on all our efforts. the faith in and be ready to do His work is had enjoyed it, and also ' Sister Mury Ihgley of Bear Lake SUke. of the Socispoke my Amen." prayer. said, "We have a good amount of wheat ety having a house, thought it could be President Jane S.Richards cf Weber Stake' done if we would take hold in earnest. stored, we have twenty-fou- r branches and on ke the wheat one organized within the 'last question and of fh Conference adjourned until Saturday, week, two counsel given by President annual and Brigham Young April 9, at io a. in. Singing "Lord disconferences aiid and she felt if the Lord would-givtwo district conferences. This is her miss us with Thy blessing." Benediction my first strength she would Mrs carry out that counsel B. attempt m reporting the. Stake. I am grate- E. Wells. by knew there-wersome who became dis' -'' E. B. WRLW, Sec. GLXERAI, I -t- , ' - - iVtrKf ! Mrs.-Youn- levit .n . . Wt-vuiei- u , -- ' . . . "; Si.-te- f.-- ; j i ! . - - j the-pro- j " we - . . v -- ' . the-Spiri- -- g 4 T ' -t- -t r ' . Si-t- . . er She-rejoic- . semi-annu- ed al e e . 