WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 40 their wives who were not of Israel. these conie upon - lor And whrn you 'tret a"i"IoUai,-denn-iour spirits tCT(Jveir in, let us if ... 'i .1. ''. 1. j auu iV wiin o.mnM Dame trui' pure, ret us renew. our covenants yith the , For Utah Day at Co'mjKiny, tins oldest ui'idiarge.t h ivir)'S " Almighty. wiU. hank in Utah. She the Ri6 Grande Western Railway Sister Marks bore her testipiony. Since-.thetiillibhinent of.th-'- bank" Tickets round of make rate trip. $25.00 of a member the we have opened more, than 19,0(1,? hav. was thankful that she was on 'sale September 10th and nth 'only. ' . aeeotints. injrs Church ol God, desired to work for the Tickets good till September 26th. Trains The law of T'tali perinit inaixi,, living and the dead.' ,. t Thrfiiifh on1 nf u. iiv 114. " ii. iva .1 ai t women ami also ehi ldre.11 who an- i:;i!j0rs ij Free reclining chair cars. . V j. r t T cars. to open savings aeeounts' in 1,1 t. t... ..- - sleeping own .. u.c UK sisters .1 aa i i.aKc tou.u 0frice Xo. 10, own theit to name. Tickl;t ordT. Milijeet Have' , . struchons given here today vou Mieh an , Sollth-(I)ooIf ' not. (nK-spoke ol ,er, w s ,!lock Corner.) one NOW. VlSll III .UUIllall tiWKt aim uonuui j itn. We pay FOUR PKIt C.'KNT LV faithfulness of the sisters there. Spoke it TLHLSTron as h It is with some good qualities any amcjiinl. rom onu against the waste ot the sisters in many and compute said to thousands, -tinstances, while others were- - lacking for with 'the senses hev are incomprehensible a times four interest year. needful things. Mentioned the bounteous and inconceivable to such as have- - them W1UTL for 'information desired. ' any harvest and urged the sisters to economize not. Rochefoucauld". , WlLFOKI) WOODKI'FF, i'ret. and not go iuto debt. CHUKOT. M. CaSSOS. CVhii-A pleasant room in the Tribune home is Jaunelte Carrington bore her testimony. Main Street." arranged icr the accomodation of ladies Nn. Desired to live to do her duty. '; 1325. 10th street Sister Hardy felt blessed, tliat we had visiting Washington. is in.direct connection with the rapid tranaged sisters to instruct us, said Sister Kliza sit lines for all parts of the city and suburbs. R. Snow said, "Woe to those sisters who Widiuifery are at ease in Zion." Kvery day we maky I will believe in the right of one man to IvOMAXlA 1)11. a one. be RjiATT com our record, and may it good govern a nation despotically when I find a .Made other eloquent remarks. man born .into 'tl;e world with boots and mences a class in rnidwifery erei-Sister Margaret P. Young bore her testispurs and a nation, born with saddles on six months immediat(dv' after the semi-annuHer par- their backs. Algernon Sidney. .conference. mony that this work was true. Special ents had a beautiful home near Philadelcourses of three mouths to mid- No enjoyment is transitory; the impresthe came when left but Gospel they phia, sion which it leaves is lasting, and what is wives who have been in practice. all and gathered with the Saints, "I knew done with diligence and toil imparts to the Special terms dven to students sent it was true or I would not have done it. I Relief Society. For par? spectator a secret force of which one cannot pray ,the young people will listen and heed, say how far the effects may reach. Goethe, by. any ticulars please address Romania R God's spirit is among a very few, and I Pratt, '.Constitution BhUr. Main St., pray that the young people may observe" Salt Lake Citv. the word of God. Dr. jYlargaret G. Sister Rawlings desired to acknowledge the,. goodness of God to her, "desired to be; Do' not worry your brain, about the man useful iir this Church. Prayed God to Will eoiimiHiKM,' lieu winter class in in the moon, but study the man in your bless our aged sisters that they might live Obstetrics and Nursing, on Monday, own overcoat. lomr to ehe us instructions. Oct. 10th. Anv onMvishinr to com Sister Cornell said if she ever wanted to municate with f)r. Roberts, address grin Lnjnjuunj msxn ruxnn lusJsuJJirw to a had she fast for it. get great blessing To North State Street. . npftni a nnT i mr n i n rn i n c of the wisof prayed-foZion, youth Spoke I). HtHA LKUAU c Telephone fiS dom and God's holy spirit. Sister Wilcken had a testimony to bear, for God had blessed her many times. (In Eflect July 17, 1S08. Prayed that our aged sisters might be spared long to teach and Trains arrirajtn4 3fpart at Salt us. eiriet tniacle ,rt T'misisVi-- cm p-.th- " t OmaT"11'1 " . . ' . - ' ' 1 11 1 dn , . 111 d - tia.-i- . ae-omit.- r . 1 : . doj-l- - ... - . - Glasses. -- y al " Roberts HUH r R.K. THOMAS instruct Closing remarks by rresiuent liorne. thank the sisters for their prayers in my behalf, and I feel that God hears them." Spoke of the visit of herself and aids to the IkTr-CHty--X- ATtEI VE. I th ward to select a counselor to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Sister Morris. There not sisters present, the business was postponed until next Also reported the excursion to mouth. Saltair, said we had not made as much ' as we should, but felt to thank the sisters for attending and helping to make a good' time. Meeting adjourned for two weeks; gave out conference, notice, it will convene in three weeks. Closed by singing Doxology. Benediction Counselor E. X. Webb. IvYdia D. Aldek, Sec. pro tern. being-enoug- h , Opinions, theories and systems- pass by turn over the grindstone of time, which at first gives them brilliancy ;fnd. .sharpness, but finally wears them .out. Rivarol. - p m iate points. 8 53 7 15 Ordcn and intermediate irurrt ChlcHR-o- , Omaha, St, points. Louis, 1 10f Kansas City.. Denver and Or-ieFrisco. Miiford, Satipote, Pro-vEureka, Mammoth, Filver City and intermedlato nolnts fim Mixt-- am 'l-ro- The 3 Leading Retail 1 898, at her October n o th c t - buildmo'. Main Street, with :. Ellis R. Shut. am 5 3 alley ana intermediate For 0rien, Denvef, Kansaspoints. Omaha. St. Lou's, Chicago City... and intermediate points ft l or Ocrden.. Hfif t, Ihilnno Twtianrt and ban I rancisco. 3 l or Mercur. Kureka, Silver City, I rovo, Neohi. anpete, Miiford, 05 am h 25 pm 5 5 45 p ra au am troln fintermeaiaie u Itpointsu No. 0FfFiDtR llCiffl CITY 7 HSONIC Vest Second Irouth street. I'OO j r, C MIL ' .. Telephone No :J50. Kailroad and Steamship Tickets on to al parts of the world, I ullman Palace Car ticket office. reatlr M. n. " 5 Tooele and Terminus............ .7 (3am. Trains south of Juab run dallr except Sunday. tDaily except Sunday. . 1 improved facilities for instruction iii tins important study." For full particulars please address' " h " K) i,;"-- u Jfth,-- ( (00 pm 7 Till YPH ;. boo-i- nm Kan- - City. St. Louis, Ogden and iarkoty... l or San Francisco, Oardn, Cache Ellis. R, Sbipp's School The .winter session of Dn. Ellis R., .Shut's School in obstetrics and will am DEPART. For Chicago, Omaha, Denver, sas RE. THOMAS n tprmlmit frnm Tooele and Garfield Beach Gash House Nui-si- pm o, trajn sCount no one lost to thee who died lovV ; ing thee. Good nature and evenness of temper will give you an easy companion for life; virtue and good sense an agreeable friend; love and constancy a good wife or husband. Spectator. 10 From San I rancisco, Cacho Valley SALT LAKE CITY. " ' Ironi Chlcam Omaha, St Loui Kansas City, Denver. Tark City and oden 3 Srom Helena, IJutte, Portland, San w I rancisco. O'Jea and intermed- Reinovcd to 48 and J50 Maia St.. 1 1 I D. E. H ? ' c w W. IL r liOkLEY, "pen. Pass, and Ticket Ayent General Traffic Manager. BANCROFT Vice-Preside- nt g sae and Gen. Manager - 5 . "WnxinjrinnnnjTrin . ' " J , " ar 