WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 47 still small voice that whispers to us and warns us of danger.' SALT LAKK VfAKK. speaking of the humble, beautiful life of of the president Woodruff, . r, . . or 11 lit . y Mnith said sh KLsad d performed- ants' his simnlicitv iui JiroinernvooanjtJ:lfii-.v-.mqnnftr. though raJIfd to iirh a hiVh . VYTV. m uuay peace aiuiougUawav ircmn a desire that c n either 3, lojo. jm..uu..uii m. suuu me whom he loved. "I saw him the Saints might all be faithful unto death President M. Isabella Home and hef and people talked with him only a few days before as he had been. Annie T. Hyde and Clara C. he went he and said he felt so well, away Sister Agnes Cutlerpresident of the East :n0Ir Mrs. B. W. Smith, of the General ' his that death, a was shock to me. I feel Jordan Relief Mrs. and L. Wilcox W. testified I). Mrs.M. Society, tljat the Board; alone now for I he and were the ones of the Lord was with us, and spoke of only spirit ider of Stake Board; Mrs. Mary A. Freeze, left who received their in endowments the the .M. I. A.; Mrs. of the Y..L'. prophecy of Sister Eliza R.'Snow to her, Qhke president" the of the days Joseph Prophet. We shall that her missisn was to bless the sick and V J Stevenson and .Mrs. K. L. Webb. meet the Prophet Joseph again some . day, the sorrowful. by singing "When first the and may we not be ashamed, faith-full- y having '' President Horne Prayer" by Sister our duties.'1' Sister Smith has been blessed withsaid, "Our conference donous light of truth. performed the spirit of God. We Continued by singing also of her Temple work, and ex- are F L. Webb; spoke engaged- in building up the kingdom, 'praise to the man who communed with pressed a desire to be faithful to the end of being Gave organised for' that purpose. her days. Jehovah." Roll call showing a fair repressome' valuable instruction to the youth. entation o( both city and country wards. Sister Mary A. Freeze said, "May we "Youth is 'the time to lay a good strong confereMinutes of morning session of last the constant exhortations of Presi- foundation to build our'after life uton. My nce read and" accepted, also the quarterly dent 'Wo(xl"rif especially of late, to get the soul rejoices st 4, gifts and blessings of re'nort Salt Lake Stake and the Spirit of the Lord and it. His mind keep insurer's report. The resignation of Sis- - was so pure and without guile. Remember the Gospel. The Gospel is so beautiful and yet so simple. Are we ready to sus- his testimonies to us, how he had been preter Margaret Y. lay lor as stakev secretary i. wm mux iium uw '11,. 10 leau euiis 1.. us, or 110 was read and accepted. served by heeding the whisperings of the we" want ? to steady the Ark Do we love president Home, stated that it was with bun smau voice, 01 ;ne great work, he had our fattier in heaven, and are we willing r:;anv regrets that she accepted the resignataccomplished and . how many had been to serve Him ?" President Horne gave inTaylor. "We would that she brought info the Church through his in- structions ion of regarding the storing of grain ht rise above her sorrows and continue strumentality." Closed by urging the now that God had given us another bounto Jabor with us; we would that our symyounger sisters to identify themselves with teous harvest, urging the sisters to purthe Relief Society, making many excellent chase the pathy could help her. and aid her in her grain while it was cheap, thus remarks. great trial, for we are loathe to gWe her up. being true to the mission given to us by But she lias so desired and she must be the Counselor A. T. Hyde gave instructions President Brigham Young. "Do not think to the sisters saying, "When you attend the war is over because we have a little judge. We have oneor two sisters in our mind for this responsible office, and before conference bring a pencil and paper to note lull, verily it is not over." Urged the Redown anything that would be of benefit for lief Society next conference we hope' to have another presidents to visit with the consented has Alder Sister kindly secretary. your Society, then read off the items at teachers and get out those who are neglect-fu- l " to act as secretary today." Be sure and get the your 'next" meeting of their meetings, that we may have a blinks for your reports then be careful to revival in Relief Society work. Spoke of Oa motion of Counselor Annie T.Hyde a make your averages correctly and evenly the duties of parents and children and vote of thanks was tendered to Sister Marbalance up. Then be sure and have your made other loving remarks to the sisters. garet V. Taylor for her efficient labors wa le secretary of the Stake. spiritual meetings as well as your disburse- Gave instructions to the secretaries and President Home further said: "Sisters in ment meetings." Also spoke of the you&g-p- r treasurers, telling them to meet together sisters belonging to and laboring with and: make out their reports that they might the whirl of earthly pleasures are we Society to lighten the labors of be accurate. Spoke of the nursing class, God and our religion ? Eighteen the Reliefsisters. the older .said those who had signed their names to branches not reported, and now in this inCounselor C. C. Cannon" said, "I realize aid in nursing the sick poor in remuneration complete form our report must go in to the St3ke authorities; It is unfair to those who that we have had much valuable instruction for their education were doing finely. Presi given here today from President Horne and dent Horne pound out her heart in bless are, laboring faithfully to receive no credit I feel that I have need to be more ings upon the sisters, blessing them in their in the report of Relief Society workers. others. To get basket and store and all their belongings We must not let earthly cares interfere wi'iIT diligent m carrying out counsel. the discharge of our duties. Do not treat the Spirit of the Lord and keep it would be and loved ones. Made otner in our Society and our officers with indifferesuch a blessine: to us. Conference : was adiourned for three nce. At our late" excursion to the lake did structive remarks. mouths. Thus closed the Relief Society o 2 m. clock p. net our honored President WcodrufT say we conference. The Spirit of the Loid was Meeting adiournea until meet we all shall were almost as old as the Church, being again. Singing "When poured out in abundance. A spirit of quiet ' .M. Wilcox. W. the first organization formed after the Benediction by Sister and peace pervaded each meeting and testi2 m. Church was established ? Alteruoon session Tonvenea at p. And did he not fying to the truth of the words of the speak- us Thou "Guide O, Ooened bv sineinz ers. Closed by singing "How .firm encourage us in our labors which' our God E. Sister Benediction Sister B. W Great Jehovah." J. foundation." Prayer by Shall we then be slothful serappointed? " Stevenson. Continued by singing "Weep, Smith. vants? Presidents stir up the Society to the remembrance of their duties. I with ween not for me Zion." Minutes of after D. Alder, Act. Sec. Lydia ac read and noon session of last conference you sisters feel sad at the loss our .Church has sustained, yet .not sad for hehas gone cepted. fullo? years and good works. Sister K.J. Stevenson was the first speak IN MEMOR1AM, He was a renewed to sisters the er. earnestly urging great and grand yet every one of the people, JULIA A. GIBBS. like the God and keeping His Prophet Joseph Smith, he was diligence in serving Brother Woodruff to all. When the commandments Sister TuliaA. Gibbs departed this life August proph ne iwo aas. et passed Sister E. L. Webb followed giving much 22, I5C5, alter a snort niness-0- 1 Latter-daaway we were without a leader, a had Saint lived faithful as died she but we soon found that God was at the motherly counsel aud speaking of t he words and loved by all who knew her. She was a mem head. The Twelve lead the Church and and testimonies of our loved leader, rresi-deber of the Relief Society of Portage since its hrst ' Freeze T. Lillie the pover was in Sister Woodruff. organization, holding the office of first counselor their hands then as now." years. She was lull of chanty A made an encouraging address to the young for twenty-onchange was made regarding the presi and a worker that will be missed by the lick a d dents ot branches making verbal reports at sisters and paid a loving tribute to the the poor who had learned to love her. She toe sisters. the of labors six children and a host of grandchildren to aged leaves conferences, inasmuch as many General of the K S. Tavlor mourn her loss. As a socie'y we deeply sym pa- that they could not hear themin testithize. with her family, and feel to commend them M. I. A followed, future the presidents were requested to add Board of the Y; L.latter-da- y who alone can comfort its ad- to our Heavenly Father work,, the of pn the blanks anything they wished io ' great fying them. thereto; duties and &ring before the pertaining vancement could it E. A. H. V conference, then on the efficacy of at in the I ord, yea die dwelt who ri'.aci. for it wras the dead also are length "Blessed in to sit very unpleasant a from henceforth they rest from heir labors and and meeting not hear anything. Presiprayer. dent Horne Sister L. D. Alder was next called upen, th ir works do follow them." urged the sisters to heed the he-agui- tude 1 Vu.--lje.ha- au - iv:;:rsed ( rlors, - - re-mera- 0f.-th- e ri 1 .1 . , . for-getin- gr ' ..ft . . y nt e corn-Paine- -- d; . - 1 , 