woman's 'exponent uLv:, way' to u.r honored' two .press mtiees-- d gueU'V$J: V , . i - .,.-- H ANN A II and always gave Hie ioilor to God. , ...".'." but r he '.loyal to. his God, - v niyseii-eo.noiit.T- . .- ': was also loyal to v:-- jle : ............ . T. KING nKMlvMBKKHl) : A ' very cnio'yaoJe Ullic At 1 1 iucuiumuwin. altenunniof August 15, ni" statements which to persons unaecus- M,is request the stars ana sinpes wneu The quiet, pleasant home of Sis r Sar u.l tonied to the marvelous elasticity oi me waving from Lr.sigu 1'caK was M. Kimball was the pi ice selected forth America'!! press, might seem difficult to rccpioneers first entered Uie valley. .Hewhen As the affair was Midden gathering. One Tfotscc was to. the elleci mat. also, ready to form the Battalion oiua.e. thought of and hastily arranged., buV a MissChra Barton, who is announced to. called upon, and a more loyal, baud never small matter wtis anticipated and made of than those bj present at the woman's suffrage conyen- fought for their country's cause it. Only a few of the intimate Uk:U an Although tTon" atiHostc?!), is a. 'lady of foreign birth under the Mormon Battalion, warm 'admirers of Sister King t but a hrm brliever in woman's rights, and this man was oppressed by the government decalled in, previous engagements" -j a a pronounced. suffragist."- - The other said no man,' I dare 'say, ever heard him. nounce it tor this. Instead his desire was sence from the city preventing the attenthat It is a significant sign of the of his dance of quite a number who would Miss tiling of the woman question, that the tor the preservation and 'upbuilding . have been present. Clara Barton is announced among country. The conversation carried on informally How fitting is it that a monument Ins. speakers of the Boston Suffrage Convention,if wa largely of a religious 'ini sjniitual been erected in his memory and placed in very conservative, us she is known Sisters Zina I). II. Young and net ;:ctually opposed to woman suffrage." the. most prominent place in Salt Lake character, The first thing that interested me was the City, near the place where he stink Ins S.M. Kimball giving many gems of vis. d m, strength, comfort and encoiu. cmeig I could staff in' the ground "aiM said": "Here slab fact that I had lost my nativity. How to the younger participants. not clearly understand how I did it, but the we build the temple of our God." Reminiscences of the days of the propb; our little hearts thrilled as we passed this shock wassoftcned somewhat by .rememberI ing that a Tew days previous a Philadelphia beautitul monument and cast our .'flovvtrs ets, Joseph Smith, Brigham Young, lebtr C. Kimball and others of their associates, ir. I as tokens of love on the" pedestal amid' the reporter complimented me by saying that "presided over a certain meeting ably and cheers of the gazing multitude,, during the connection with memoirs from the life of M.ter King ana tjuoTaiions irom nir in. gracefully, and spoke witn very nine ac recent Pioneer Jubilee. But did our great prophet care for spired writings all contributed to the fora. v cent.", children while he was on earth ? InIn regard to my nationality, I was-.- born iug of a beautiful meinoiial offering to the in the old Huguenot town of Oxford, Mass., deed he did, and he was a great lover .of gifted l.i dy in whose honor the meeting II. S. A. My father ami mother were born them too. Through The kindness of .my was called. A suitable repast was daintily arved by there. My grandfathers ami grandmothers, beloved president I had the pleasure of with two exceptions, were born, lived, reading one of his last addresses to the Missi.s Lizz'e Kimball and Miss Granger, died a.nd were buried there. children. It was delivered to the Sunday (Sister Kinibairsgrauddaughter,)and much There is, once in a while, a monarch who School children in. the new Tabernacle, tn joyed by the comj)any. denies the right of man to place a ciown Salt iyakcCity, July 24, 1877, and it was Although in hef eightieth. year and deli-- ' upon his held. Only the Great Jehovah published in the Deseret News, August 8, cate iiudiealth, physically, Sister Sarah M. can crown and anoint him for his work, and 1877. It impresses one with such beautiKimball's mind and memory are wondehe reaches out, t?kes the crown and places ful sentiments that I should' like ail to rfully acute and active, and her colloquial it upon his head with his own hand. I sushear it, but it is too long to rewrite here. powers such as to ensure a rich- treat and valuible point's of instruction in some lines, pect that this is in effect what woman is doing In the first part of the sermon lie explained is to one no her there in give to them why they were born this far off to any one who the happiness today. Virtually the right to govern herself, as men govern land, then he follows with some beautiful a half hour in her presence, Among and- themselves by He told them to remember those who were thus favored and who cocounsel. But in one' way or anothlaw s of the laud', this counsel, observe it, and carry it out ntributed to the pleasure of the occaon en er, .souiier or later, she is coming to it. throughout their lives. the day above mentioned, were Sisters John And the number of thoughtful and He begins this counsel by instructing Alford, Harriet T. Badger, Lydia DuUder, men who will oppose, will be much them in regard to the first commandments, Persis Y. Richards, Mary Gray aucPL. L. is it when and we smaller than think; really and of the nature of the personages of God Greene Richards. will all an accomplished fact, wonder, as I ajidjesiis CliTit, Then he savs: "Qbev- :leriAtrf7: L. L. Gfcftiri nave ttryrrc. wtartlie qucstrmrever was. your parents and learn the ways of the r : Woman's Journal. U3ra in your youth, and continue therein all the days of your life that you may be I think women capable of a irreat deal II RIG HAM YOUNG. prepared for that higher state of glory that more work than thev have been accustomed awaits the faithful children of our God." to in times past. If overwork sometimes One of the noblest men who has lived He next blessed the children and expressed leads them to disease, it is morally more since the time of Jesus Christ is our his love for them in the following words: wholesome to work into it than to lounge He and "I say to all, God bless you my children. into it. Sir Spencer Wells. leader, Brigham Young. of two the greatest my little ones. I love you, I am a Joseph Smith were Mrs. Meynell, the poet, declines to draw and purest characters that had lived for lover of children and innocence and great purity, a mental'iine between men and women. Had it not been for Brigham and I am a hater of iniquity years. as much just is men and Young it is quite likely-thamany niore of so as the Lord, and perhaps more than I "It not so much a question of women," she says, "as of "individuals. the Saints would have been persecuted anq should be." lacking in obseHis sermon was concluded by the follow-in- g Many women killed; but wheal he gave the Word and led the way westward, many were soon remarks: .".Spend the Sabbath Hav rvation and decidedly dull in perception; while, on the other hand, many men fail ready to take it up and follow their glorious prudently in the love and fear of God. Try in reasoning power, and many and inspired leader. It wus he who was iniu juui wnuie lives tnat code of miserably women excel in it." .yuTi which our relieion Mrs. Meynell is a spired to stop in the Salt Lake valley and morals tearhp Q,,a. suffragist. ' ' ": , under his supervision the energetic'pioneers which we urge ; the upon God people. went to work and the land was made "to bless you. Amen." Lady Htiggius is as gifted an astronomer blossom as the rose." S boxv Nearly should we as children of as was Caroline Herschel or Maria Michel. Nor did he stop here, he aud his people God, love a leader who has built up' a "State fabric with three hundred so much for us; for trulv loved and done It was her profound and Brigham Young knowledge of this science that attracted to cities and settlements, networked with rail- was. a wise.good and honest man. the unassuming '. Irish lady the brilliant roads and the electric telegraphy then it was Kleanok Lady aged ten years astronomer, Sir William Huggins. that his name rang throughout America and Lead at the Fowler, Mill Creek ward Primary Huggins has not, soiight favor for herself echoed in Europe as "the Moses of the annual ' . - but is meeting, June 1, 1898. content to be her. husband's assistant, latter days, ' ' and the Mormon people were and every night she works in their observalikened to the children of Israel in This is a true comparison for tory by his side. To her is due a share of is not enough to have It the honor acheived by Sir William for his he led them from their persecute and took" great qualities-wmust also have the management of them' discovery them into a land of promise, as .Moses did means of the spectroscope, of by ..' the . composition of tlie heavenly bodie-- 189'i -' , u- -- other-wis- to-Ik- ; . -- ' the-littl- e . - " -- e may-hav- stlf-mad- e self-approve- d " . ; right-minde- d s t - 1 . own-grea- t -- t are-wofull- L ; self-acquire- d 7 the-wilderne- e . - v e 