? U WOMAN'S K rn i.i . After supper sisters the rendered some" good '.some of A good spirit preand songs speeches. vailed throughout and we all felt a renewed determination to help each other as well as the poor, and to do all we could to promulgate the Gospel. It would perhaps interest you to know that a great many of the members in the summer go out with the Klders and help them in We have quite a bearing fruit already. few investigators in the branch, some whoare-- " going to be baptized atthn first opportunity; We have very good meetings on Sundays-ana goodly portion of the Holy Spirit Is always present. ' I will close praying that the Spirit of the Lord will always be with us to guide us into the path of purity and right. the-5inging,- -nnd their-iabor3rn- ly sustahied. ( February 19, : T - tion." sided. Counselor Martha B. Taylor to e!i savings aeeounts in - own-order- account?-- one NOW. ' h;t,nk sav- ' minoj their owji Raw If. not, ni. pay; FIVK I'KIt CHXT on any amount from on.:"do!-la- r to thtiysands, and eompute said ' .' interest four tinn-a vear. YVK1TK for any information desired. V s VlI.KOKl)' . -''r--." WtKJOm'i'lVPrest. (;i:oK(U: M. C'anxuN, Mai ti Street. Ca-hier.-No- .-. . lYIidmifepy Glasses I)K. KOMAXIA JJIAIT J5. int!nue.:tdaLiii.Jii "" i Croni- - ibvi fun e very . six months immediately after the semi : amnTal eoiiferenee. Special s of t( three months courses who have been in practice. Special terms iven to students sent For' parby any Kelief Society. ticulars, please address Romania )). Pratt, Constitution Jld. Main St.. Salt Lake Ci'tv. mid-wive- within the proper limits and seek for the . Spirit of God in our gatherings. Counselor II. J. Foulger referred to the past labois of Sister Ann O Burt as presi- - j dent, the difficulties, the sisters met with when first organized, and the means emCONFERENCE RATES ployed by her and Sister Allen in raising a store on the block to benefiOhsL-Qcit- U. VIA Moved that a hearty vote of thanks be tendered her for her 'past labors, and that Rio Grande Western Railway. the blessing of the Almighty might rest up ' I'or the Annua! CjnfT'renee, L. 1). S., atnl. on her. .Womin's Conference, L. I). S., at Salt Lake City, SisA vote of thanks waT also tendered (ii.li to '.Uli, inclusive, the usual half rates and April ters Reynolds and Mulholhud for their arrant Mii'MiH have been put into eJl'ect ,yia the Kio Western Railway. past efficient labors in the Society, all' of Grande he sold on following dates: From T.lCKIrS The Doxology O'den, 1'arkwill which were unanimous. .City, Hinhani, Springville, Silver was sung and meeting closed with benedicCity and intermediate points, from April 5th to ihh, inclusive; tickets litnitetl to' Ajri 15th, 1WS. From tion by Bishop M. S. Woolley. all other points April 4th to Kth, inclusive; tickets limit td to April lfth, 1M)S, except Grand Junction, Meeting at the residence of Sister "Kliza Fruitaand Cisco, at which points tickets are on Barton at 5.30 p. m. Sister Barton through sale only on April 5th, limited to date of sale on illness was unable to attend the meeting at going trip, with final limit April 18th. : the Society hall. j pre- , -- Elder L. John Nuttall offered some .preliminary remarks relative to the object and purpose of the" organization of the Relief etSociety as confempla tHTrbyIhe-ProphJoseph Smitlvand referred to the manner of keeping account! s as to consume as little time as possible when assembled together Said while the distribution in meeting. of donations was an important part, still there were. higher motives and' objects to be We should attained by meeting together. Jiave lectures in the Society and endeavor to use the time profitably, other than a few bearing practically the same testimony oyer and over again. Sister M. Isabella Home, president of the Relief Society Of Salt Lake Stake, made some very excellent, remarks relative to the purpose and organization of the Relief Society, and said that the young as well as the elderly people should associate themselves with the Society.. Bishop M. S. Woolley, said he was pleased to meet with the sisters this afternoon,- and that the Society was a great assistance to the.. Bishops in caring for the poor and encouraged all to go on with the Sister Ann O. Burt tendered her resigna-tion as president and director of the' 21st ward: Relief Society, the same was read by Bishop M.S. Woolley. On. motion the resig- nation was unanimously accepted. On motion Sister Frances L. Castletou was elected a director of the Society. Bishop "M. S. Woolley read the resignation of Sister Annie M. Reynolds asfxhrector and secretary of the Society, which was un- On motion S'ster ahimously accepted. Mary A. Tuddenham was electeda director, Sister jane Mulhoiland tendered hex; ' . A woman's office" RE. THOMAS ness with' women, Removed to 48 and 50 Main DR. ELLIS R. SHIPP, Reaches two classes-yearl- 111 y 'Ob. St SALT LAKE CITY. stetges and Nursing,.bejr!pnin just after the spring and fall Conference ( . are Special opportunities and prices r given to Societies" sending studeD ts7 and also to those who hnve hart previous study. For full particulars please communicate ei ther personally or by ' letter with :, Ellis K. Siiipp, 31. 1) '. WUen ter Strei SalFEalve 0tyv " ' - - . building is to be erected in t.' Louis. The offices will be rented to. business women or to people having busi- 1 . Tnit saving-tAv.- k alo ehihlreiiwhoare n von such an sible-iomagnify- given all- - tht 19er-ttheir office The sisters in return should gather the strength of the Priesthood arid be in harmony with the Bishop and counselors of the ward. Cautioned the sisters in their meetings relative to the gift of tongues and thought we hhould confine ourselves .Minuter of 21st ward Relief Society held in the Society hall Feb. 3,, 1898. Meeting opened by singing "Come let us anew." SingPrayer by Brother Janies Maxwell. in salvalet us the "Now of rejoice day ing anJ woiht-- name, subject to their , - hn'ge.-- t The laws of T'tah jiermit inarrinl . ki:liki- socikty.kkokganizkd. 'oinji.iny, the oliUFurni V . . " Savings Bank Xion'.H 10,-no- -- Sec. R. S.; Kditii Cable, ' Money! in L'tali. 1 -- f . Sinee the of the. we liavc opcni'i'l imin: than' ' ing aeeounts. j ht re" '.- - ? wi h . Sister Ahnie T, Hyde soke relative to the mission and organization of the Society as contemplated by the Prophet Joseph Smith, and solciited the .attendance of the younger and middle aged women at the meetings. Made mention of the fact that Sister Kliza R. Sno was about thirty-eigyears of age when the Society was or- gauized by the prophet. President Joseph K. Taylor said he had - bee n i n v i ted by -- 1 h e - B i shop - to a 1 e n d t h i s meeting as thre was contemplated changes in the Society, and feeling an interest in all He had been the branches was present. called upon on several occasions to adjust differences that existed between the Bishop and officers of some branches of the Relief Societv. .Thought the sisters should be : And when you 'get a do.hir, dejMit it ' the above named persons were unanimous-- non-member- s. 1 jW: the Nottmliam branch Relief Society'! yveroai resignation as tfevior and treasurer; On motion the resignation was unanimously pen these few lines to you thinking perhaps . On motion Sister Helen you would like to know how the ford's accepted. vineyard is getting along here. . Lyon was elected a director. Sister Barber desired me to tell you of a The following names were suggested by social gathering we had at our meeting in Bishon M. S. Woolley: Kliza Barton as this tlie new year, which was held at the president; Martha B.Taylor as first counsel- home of our president. We had a very enor; Frances L. Lastieton as heconu counsele joyable time all the vening. - All the or; Mary A. Tuddenham as secretary; members of the Relief Socitty were present, Helen V. Lyon' as treasurer. On motion also a few 4" i : - ' The, Leading Retail Hon - E.E.THOMAS 