1':.. WOivlAN'h-t'.XPUKhiN"!- 1 ,,m; i us-- ?, ! :,,ur .void the sins and livlliTXOVind us and r.io:-lC- ; ' -'.r-- opie 0ting 1 ' opu of iiie aad,.dvation s is well as to fa diem to 1 ston b t ll'i u hh.thP-i ri1ii i: d if lif.-d,iif.. Uv btv to Viiddrerr "who' worked so uutjrin ly in her I vt f.rnt behalf during htr'illness. mvtr .werrvin .prJM preserved daW C iove. in their J might the hal beset thehi. Testified a great basing to Society 1 chain tijafhin a eom-tiv'Parkes of Idaho, though eouid-t-thtraurr hi our midstShe was well !!the truth of the work. with the Prophet Joseph Sim-thRemembered tho time the Relit f .Sock ty it organized, heard, the pmphet siy a osHTS would be faithful that the atlgeis them. Told theiu thai the of persons, hut A wa:i no .respecter il. would always live near to Him He She had proven would -- rant their desires. words true and prayed that she .might workers of the 'among the faithful always-be ter s : yet them totlic Eternal Father. F.MMA I KAT 11 1 k STON Jam: Sylvia Misenkk, F. , . . - Tin- op xatioxalcouxcii; "WOMKX. - lMillSinKNT SKWAU.'S ADDKI-SS- . e .wo-me- n -- r y hun-,irM- Mc-Kinle- M. weeks. Sing Benediction by Wright, Act. Sec. MARIA CROMI'TON. Sister Maria Crompton, wife of Robert Crom p oii at her home outtn)m--iiravc--aiKriu- dc v. yai men altcTvomen from all over the country, its petition representing the desire of over war if possible. ,000,000 women, to avoid That no one desired to avert the catastrophe more than President McKinley his whole course of conduct showed; that he was orateful to those who attempted to hold the afford time for dippublic mind calm and to lomatic intervention, his response to such It may. well be petitions amply proves. war was declared 1 IN MEMORIAM. ton died went that Hannah in American Pork painfThursday, October r3, 1898, after a long and ben cause ul iilness' of nearly two years, the he. was dropsy superinduced by heart trouble, b born April 8, 1834, at Withyham, Sussex, Engd land, joined the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-York Citv and came to Utah in iy Saints i86'u She was married to Brother Crompton in 1862 and has made her home in American jork ever since. She was the "mother of seven children six of whom survive"her, three sons and three daughters, also a number of grandchildren. in-Ne- Sister Crompton was a teacher in the Relief Society for a number of years, always wiling to do her part in the reat work that devolves upon the sisters in this calling, was faithful m and h- -r meetings as long as she wa able was parejoiced iif the testimony of Jesus. She had tient and long suffering during her illness and unbounded laith in the ordi ance of the hurch refor. the healing of the sick, always obtaining the lief whenever 'to byElders. She was a devoted ife and mother, always working diligently to set a good example for her children and to educate them in the pnn- g -- - " u "" The formation- oL. - deearfttio:r;-th-ttlth- e :' believed that from the day ciicle those who have, tried in whatever it were most fervently they were, to avert constantly grateful for the magnanimity the humanshown by our chief executive, and the hero-jsiity manifested by our generals demonstrated on land and sea by our u . countrymen. ' d Wil-liam- i. ; "The God we adore." Hannah M. Wright. head., d The stirring events of the last six nvonths have been so emphasised on public opidioti that they seem to have occupied the entire' year. The din of war is wont so to deafen the public ear that the quiet activities of a Relief Society. 1:2 the work and There can war p'rid are to it inaudible. Sister Longmore rejoiced end. have been no time when war did not involve hWMo prove faithful to the Lord had be, Sifter Rossiter said the the women of countries engaged in it; for , s(ved tip;)U 'her many blessings and she even before women had any participation in public affairs the wars that drew men from cleared to spend her life in IPs service. roke of the time when she received the their homes increased the importance of all she could for her iir private affairs .as their industrial Gospel, desired to do perforce by the very wasaugmented activity . dead relatives. si,-eJulia Golightly ' wa- trying .to .events which made the greatest drafts upon At no period of stress in our their hearts. overcome her weaknesses that she "might -- ain' the approval of her Heavenly Father. country's history have the public services h fields been Sister Mary P. Silver spoke of the joy of American women in various she had' so conspicuous ' as during- the last six ".he felt in the everlasting-GospelThe services of Miss Helen months. left all for it and the Lord had blest, her Gould in pecuniary gifts, or Clara Barton abundantly." ' with the sign of the Red Cross, of the Sister Kliza Rossiter was thankful for who have shunned no nf imr to the Gospel, knew il was true and hoped danger of climate and no discomfort of end. the to faithful prove of the women war correspondents Sister Alder said she had received many camp, had who, .let it be hoped, have contributed no Father, her from Heavenly blessings yellow pages to the journals of the day, also many trials, yet she tried not to comwe should only conspicuously illustrate the various plain. She often wondered what of ways in which hundreds of thousands do without the Gospel, we should surely contributed "Sisters let us serve women have.on a smaller scale, faint by the wayside. the Lord througti evil and thrpugh good to their country's strength. iron rod" While it was still hoped that war might report and ever" hold on to the National Council responding Encouraged the sisters to trust in the Lord be averted the to the well known desire of President and not think too mucii of their sorrows added to the numerous petitions Lord is on our side all the to remember-th- ing j in the wt.ll known men so forcibly expres-phrase, "A white lite for two" The committee Oji domestic relations under the law, whose- - chairman is M'Us Octavia Il .has for its Bates of Detroit. sp.ecific work such a codification of the laws bearing upon domestic life as will show the contradiction existing among our states and the, manner in which these contradictions work injustice to individuals und evil to Committee, . - for-tw- o ? nu.-n.an- -- Meeting. p.diourned penceriu !x-t-ihv- - . time. rir on itriiit:lUiiininiUee A una Garlin V?V . i C. Min'dlp.y, y v- J of biVfoss !.tnohMvi!y, aditr AvrrVrtftrrf National Council of Women of the United' . . i t. fJ il i uiw in.ty i ue:j uiem y rt.uie uiai an is wc is committed to that doctrine of the and though htr presence will be iudly missed in Stales woshe mav he a link- in the cummon moral standard for the home circle, ittirit tog-ih- i had-bee- b- e- ' - . ,j ' ' - ' THREE NEW COMMITTEES. commitThree most important standing last year to tees have been added during the The our groups of committee workers. committee on social peace and international -t- es arbitration, with - .the The sudden comb di Brazzi at- its head. he call to arms but served to emphasize " anci -need of the committee owjat, should long committee a such active m the drnu- been and ten organized the community. the, year but oie national organ- ization of women has eutend the council - During ranks -t- he Rathbone Sisters the second of the great orders that have come in, the other-oneLadies of the Maccabees being the ; . . The growth through the multiplication of local councils is not les impoitant. The largest formed during "the ear is that at -- Xew Orleans, which already includes in its Sucmembership n local organizations. cessful initiative has been taken in otgauiz-ina local council in Xew York City. Among the organizations that fur the first time send fraternal delegates to our sessions are the Congress of Mothers and the George Washington Memorial "AVsociaiion, During the last year the fraternal relations with Canada, which have from the beginning of council work been fostered in the two countries, have been emphasized. g WOMEN AND WAR. .In these days' we are 'continually hear- ing of the new role which the United States is to play among the nations of the earth We aje told that it will no longer do for the United States to hold itsedf in isolation from the rest of the world: that whether it wishes it or n$t the nation is destined to assume a place which will compel all other nations to reckon with it in the prosecu- tion of any projects they may devise. Those frtwrw4ttHruly4n peace would make either a civil or a foreign war impossible must still rejoice in every good that seems to have resulted from the If by it our country shall recent war. be lifted out of a selfish materialism which has engrossed it into a sense of its perman-ieft- t 'relations'. ip with all the other' nations the earth this" must be counted a But we believe it is its happy des- ,tiny to prove its relationship to the nations of the world and its corsciousness of its kinship, not by becoming a terror because, of its invincible navy, invulnerable ships and unmatched soldiery, but rather because of its sense of human equality, which is the inevitable outcome of a true sense of . great-good- human kinship. Our country has been isolated by its " size and by the satisfaction which it derived .from' contemplating' its own dimensions. Its sense of international relationship will be quickened by a sense.of the insignificance, of size when disconnected from contents Of this new sense of kinship and quality. among the nations,: which indisputably info consciousness by .hs been quickened council Was a forerunthe recent war, the ner. - Throng h theT nternational Council of Women this sense of relationship among the nations has already, assumed. Vrganic . 