II II tke rW PYDnTcirrr v rA - I II U a i i - "X. Vol. I f'"1?. ViahcmeT&.toMicr SALT. LAKE CITY. .27- - CONTENTS: -- the all the "isles of the sea," together . . .mose 01r tt nawan admitted- into this Letter from Miss Anthony. Beautiful Saltair The holy of holies of our American republic. Mary A. J, Lambert. TerrJble'News. Association Gleanings K. !'. of Austria. Uin you, Daughters of 'America, see this U'oman's" Vork. Save the Men- -E tremendous foreign balance of powercom. Wells Stuart Phelps" The City Park- -I. E. K. ing into our government without making a R. S. ports. In Memoriam. iui nit auuii.sioii 01 at least American-borwomen to the franchise? Er itokial: In Memoriam. Organization of Por native-.horn- women to be ruled by the the First Pred 'ency. Conference Notices. Great men of own their natinnnlirv fhfir ntvti Executive Meetings in Events Transpiring. ' civilization is quite humiliating enough: ' ' Omaha.but to live in subjection to the men of You- 'Hold F'okTkv: The Gifts Lydia D. foreign countries, void of the first principles M Beautiful Mother Rosa PearLe. Akier of our free institutions, is surely a degrada- ttotv too dire lor the Daughters of America TIIJ: GIFTS YOU HOLD. to submit to without an earnest protest. . I'M. r iias gone , t mere is no es i ue uai Why clin.ii 'to. earthly baubles, false as fair 'are lortn, ' from universal manhood suffrage, and cape they,' the one and in hold For all you can only antidote for all its ills is your cold dead bands, universal womanhood suffrage.. There can Is that you have given away. . be 110 going backward. All men, of all Why build such towering castles, for they are classes and all nationalities, have the right rrnde of clay, to vote and all women must have it. There- While aK you can hold in your cold dead hands Is that you have given away. ioie, me quesuou now is, vneii snail tne crownintr rmht ol American citizenslun he , Why choose the costly diadem, or wear the raiwcnnenr whom men placed- in the hands--0 . ment giy, . to call the better half of the people? love When all you can hold in your cold dead hands, mat you, tne mugiiters 01 America, Is that you have given Spain 111 ...."it. .wan h u(-'"'i- out-sprea- No,:S. d - - lap-pin- . . 1S9S. - ' ' 'ther ' d n - 15. 8 smoothnss of the, pavilion., the largest of its kind in the world. Saltair, pleasure loving datighteV 'of the sleeping sea of the west!- - A miniature Venice, not of the Adriatic hut of Atnfnri'i dead sea. Reposing upon her mother's bosom like a beautiful bird, breeze-kisseand brilliant with flashing jewels, her wirgs she poises with grace on the crest of the salt an): ed waA- as "it breaks .tippi'i the whitened bench of that mystical sea of the West."- Her resting'plnce is well chosen near the home of the sVitgull, whom she so naively typifies. The musical g of the wavelets caress her plumage, whilst she holds on her' beak the silver thieads of - romance and realitv. Merrily she greets the rising sun and throughout the long., summer days she reclines upon the placid waters, vain of her own beautvJ reflected within, the sapphire depths, until the decline of day when she prepares with : :!. imi cover 01.riuer Madntss mieeeive wiuiui i Em-p,e- .s iza-bet- y the State and IIo,c, UTAH, SEPTEMBER 4ts1 . . 4 . - " ..,.n:.. ,,..,.,,1 when evening shade are gathering Salt- ajr reaches the height of her magnificent sublimity. Bathed in the changing hues of the sunset glory the picture is the realiza VCJ hasten the coming oC this good time is the tion of fairydom. As by the touch of magic ' earnest wish ot appear the loims of youth and beauty, Yours sincerely, irrace ana dignity, gliding ana swaying. to B. SrsAK Anthony the rhythm of music and lauehteri whilst flies upon dancing lights are flitting like-firthe bosom of' the lake and playing with the stars at hide and seek a'- ong the rippling bp:autiful nt last- oeneatli wnves tne silver . , vanis hinpr 0 for Press Club Day at the Lake. Written across the moon the bridge "thrown by t... . 1 - away. .Why seek for earth's renown, 'tis fleeting as a ' day, your cold deid hands, c . Is that you have given away. Mike ghter some burdetl'd heart, as you journey 1 day by day, For closely pressed in your cold dead hands Then give swav Its flowers will bloom in your cold dead hands, With the gifts you have given away. Up in the shining mansions, lasting treasures you'll find some day, And overflowing in y.;ur cold dead hands, o that you have given away '' " Lydia D. Alder. LETTER FROM MISS ANTHONY. . " , - Dear Friends: Will you permit me to address you, who, although not a member of your order,am a daughter of theAmerican devolution as well as a daughter of America, hence doubly entitled to be reckoned ' American ? -- " I trust that your Council will demand V11 this country shall be governeel by American .women as well as American' men. While all foreign-bormen, by due process flaw, may become citizens, arrqed with the franchise, all native- born n full-fledge- d - women are doomed to disfranchisement-Perpetua- l For: minors, perpetual aliens men are sovereigns in their adopted country; native-bor- n women are subjects their own America. Think of what lies before us; in addition to-all. the different nationalities now wield-thei- r we po vver in our shall soon have the sous of ! n -4 enii-Barbar- body-politic- ," ic water,. a typical pathway to heaven. Lake, sinks in slumber drapediir ner manne ui uaiKii ami uuui, u- s oi conscious of the i'ovs and the day tint is dead, and heedless of those that may come on the morrow. And so through the long. summer days she lives a kaleidiscopic life until the chilling touch of King Frost gives her, warning With diirnitv she thnt her reiVn i?. over. enfolds herself in winter's white mantle and statuesque as a frozen goddess she awaits the return of her votaries whom the summer time will bring again to her embrace. Salt and cradled between the snowy peaks and m'rrb chains of mountains. By her thrifty firesides heart-burning- of cottatre and mansion, amidst her abun daut fields and hanging vtneyards.and in the cultured shade of her public parks, gray haired sires love to repeat the story ot tne perilous pioneer days, whose anniversary was so recently celebrated with pride and . pageantry in the heart of the once American desert. thousand souls puisue Here sixty-fiv- e farm, in life in its various vocations, on the ' the bank, the mine and factory. Salt Lake City is no longer a half known little oasis, in the. sagebrush desert, but a flourishing Arcadia with metropolitan attainments. She is proud of her sons and daughters,; homes and finished schools; nrmirl: too of her public buildings- her and parks, her health and pleasure resorts, most and .best of all that combine beauty, health, nleasure and magnitude is Saltair, the.famous bathing resort thirty minutes ride by rail from the centre ot tne cuy. Fastened upon the. bosom of the great Salt. Lake, where saline oreezes Kbb wim -uwuu her-elega- al nt , over the glassy meiry dancers lightly trip of 7FlutdniFhtttproache4valLajr is an idealistic home, nestling anion? the Rockies so mysterious with Indian legends, semi-centenni- NationDaughters of the American ' al Council: - . true love forever, thine actions let it -- e saltair. Lives the love you have given away. en-bor- I . While ajl you can hold in 0 - the - - Mary A. J. Lamkkkt. . ; Silver Lake, Sep. 1, 1898. . "Would that we could have a woman a.woman at the head of surireon-treneral- ; at.. thle Commissary Department; a woman the head of the trained nurses, with power to control each department. Do you think then that ted tape would shut away the needed food for the, well .or the sick?" r Miss Anthony. Miss Anthony says that man' does his is the own part of the work wellthat "1 ...lt..rr 1 ss a total Vi nr m m a L'lllltlOT. Due ; ior me I A - 1 . 