' ' is WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 'V ' m . ... - . . . f A. A i,os O, long time ago when .fairies and " 7am pa, Fla., April 12. The steamship Olivette, which arrived here from Havana brought 250 refugees from, Cuba, also Miss of the Red Cross Society 'Barton, president; ' and her staff. Miss Barton said: "It is the duty of the Red Cross Society to follow-ithe wake army rather than to lead it, and wherever duty call there you will find us. In the present in- brownies were 'flourishing; there was in this a large meeting, and among them was the fairy Opaline who decided to visit the earth, accompanied .by her faithful brownie, Amethyst. The aim of .'her trip was distribute among wnmen a special Amethyst bore gift for each nationality. the casket .containing the precious treasure. On reaching tire earth Amethyst issued. the call for a young woman of each nation,1 to appear before the fairy, and soon' the throne of Opaline was surrounded by a crowd-o- f - of-the n v f t ' . , t . .! - muv-in- Tho laws of I'tah and g- " aciHjiiht.H.- - n.amVi pfniit w ho anj minors rhihln.-- al-- o i:iga aiTfrantt in thir own ordr. Have uhj:rt to ihdr rvn an 'aiTownt? ' If not, C)V. to opjnav name, oja vo'i-Mic- ono FIVK l'FJL CTINT We TKfnCsT'ojfaiiy aiuoTint from or.f IX- - yray ' dol- and compute haid int.-jva ar. fo"irtitnr.i WULTH for auv information duiml. lar to thousand.-'- . -- t - .V V - " : iiXH2i$ Vo )rv; t; f v. i) (iKoRCF. M. GaXNON", Pre-- Ca.-his.- ,v :. -r. JIain.Sti''ft. Xos. ing- " Jflidiuifery Glasses. - com-parejyit- -- VV t " to-su&ir- tUL Ami when you trct .a Jo Jar, tlojxMt it with ZionV "Saving Hank V'.'lYue: and lar.-- ;;n iti-Company, tho uM-' ' bank in Ctah. of th hank Since xhr, Htablthm-nw.r havr; opfiu.'il inorvi. than If,lKH) . stance we simply deemed discretion the. better part of valor. The original. treaty of Geneva provides only for rebel in war. The extensions of the provisions of the treaty womeriT to include other disasters was a special conThe good fairy explained kindly that her cession made to the American Red Cross wish w.is to. bestow upon each a token of upon its accession to the treaty and known IT- - cannot which "she might be proud. ' ' as the American amendment. to all. the. same' gift," said she, "but give '.'The singular coincidence how presents vill appreciate them better, because if itself of both provisions of the treaty being you they would become monoThe alt were uniform words c?dlsd. into action in the same field. more and the speech A few Red Cross has distributed the food sent by tonous," the distribution jgan rccon i was ended and, the people of - America woman to bow before centradus as" h.ug as such actforrwas"admis-- - ZLTiierhtyQ':ng. of the good fairv was. a SpanFsh sible. Now that war is imminent and our the lhroue h( rtrcived the ritt ot hair so in rr Inisland it to the sweep guns prepared so long that without difficulty comes the duty of the Red Cross to retire black and' herself therein asina mantle. from the threatened field and place itself in she couliwfap The Italian came- bowing and was given and the behind wait." guns position and so ardent as to Since arriving here Miss Barton has re- - eyes so .sparkling the eruption of Vesuvius by night.. i- reived from tTi r k iMil)ea u t y 'foTlolvedTarfd upon her A alleaid to its lend the that society requests was bestowed the roundness of the moon, ' viate the suffering on the part of the desti like thebird feathers. tute Cnbarvelement of this city. Miss Bar-- J and a moothuess Xext came hdy and received a the Mayton will have a consultation-witas fair as an Aurora Borealis. or of the city, which will probably result in. complexion Then the German 'girl approached and the her securing speedier relief for the sufferers. kind fairy gave her teeth as perf-c- t as her own aid gifted her .with a. sensible heart, Twci.of Tennyson'3 sisters are living, the deeply disposed to love.. To the Russian she gave a queenly bearing. youngest in her 81st year. Afterward came "the Persian. Opaline The March number of JenessMUUrs put gaiety on her lips, wit and common Monthly pays a warm tribute to the work sense in her head and kindness in her heart. of "Jennie June"Croly among the YVomens' The casket being empty the fairy made Club-Mrs, C roly is at work ti pon a "His- eg ions, rrndy tory of the VVroman's. Club Movement in when a beautiful girl approached blushing America" which is to be published under and taking her by her gossamer tunic said, he auspices of the General Federation. "'.Did you' forget me, dear fairy, that you The sweet,' musical A datk in gave me nothing ?" 1S9S, will charmed the fairy, who turned and ' probably be the day upon which Queen voice "I am Wilhelmina of Holland will formally take said kindly, "And who are you ?" "Oh, said Opaline, "you the oath ot accession to the Dutch throne. the American." No one could have shown more tact in were too near 1 did net see you, and now I have nothing left to give". " : But without managing affairs of Statf during her daughter's minority than the Queen Regent, who a moment's hesitation she ordered Amethyst like hfr sister, the Duchess of Albany, is a to recall those .who vhad been gifted and assembled she said, "lara person of singularly "unpretentious manners when they were and simple tastes. This is -- shown in her guilty of a great forgctftgss but you can !. I have help me to rectify my mistake. daily habits and surroundings. ""Her MajesAmerican sister, and I your ty, for instance, although for more -- formal -each-owill if wilt be pleased you give to oonim u nicatfb"nsshe;'use3' thick whi te w r i t will lie be a It ra portion of your gift. ing tfaper with the crown and royal coat of arms emblazoned in gold and scarl.et and .smalTToss for yon and will "greatly compen sate her lor the disappointment I have blue, uses for everyday familiar letters, ' Veltisall. were very grateful to her name, caused.' pajefmerely stamped withdress also she the good fiiry they could not refuse, and "Emma," and a crown. In is inclined to simplicity, and she follows, in with "the exquisite grace which ordinarily all happyx people possess, thecame one preference to leading the fashion. after another to the" Afnerican girl andgave, one some of her splendid hair, another THITCLEOFAN. some roses frara her complexion, another some of her gaiety and brightness; all Were ' On Tuesday, March 26, the Cleofan engenerous, and in conclusion the American, joyed an Hpitome oi King Lear by Mrs! at first unseen, was by this act of partaking Blanche P. Lee, The character of Cordelia better gifted than any of her comrades. in comparison with Goneril and Regan by And this is the reason why a mong: all the Mrs. Anna S. Young and Mrs. Lee. Charcivilized nations the. American woman and acter of Edmund Edgar by Mrs." Mav wears on her head the crown of heart ty.nd 1 P. Movie. The club adiourtied for on in nwn ronntrv lvfr tiam? k written in -- 'ft nriHi h womisrent-mtMi-a-Ntw-A'rkA -- h " " Dlt. 1 1 .MAN'IA 15. PllATT lnenecs n class in milwifiry ovmt six months immtMli;ibdvcaftr th. semi-annuconlVrenco. Spf'cbil al fouiies of three montlis to ivuU wives who have been .in praetiee. Speeial terms ifiren to students sent Vov by .any Relief Society. jlease address Romania P. I'ratt, Constitution Hlt. Main StT Salt LnV Citv. ar-tieuia- rs ; . -- ttj-thttr- to-ily-ir- gutn ppn 1 -- mid-Septembe- r, . - ; DR: ELLIS R. SHIPP, Teaebes two stetfies ami after the, spring Xui-sin- . -- - f . ye:irlv in Ob. beirinnine; just ami fall Conference Special opportunities and prices are iven to Societies sending students, ami also to those who have had. previous study. For full particulars please communicate either personally or by letter, with 1 Ellis , " d:t'N . To R. Seiipp, M. I) Center Street, Salt Lake City. R.K.THOMAS .Removed to 48 anil 50 Main St.. - SALT LAKE CITY. The Leading Retail f - j 1 ! Ci,ara T.- Fnvt; Cor:Secjro tew, i hr - ,; Eugenie CLEOpnAs; . ... t - 