WOMAN S hart0'r)"6v3i can or American is have a very strbmr appreciation of the humorous' and are always ready for a faugh, being in this respect totally ..unlike the average Asiastic. That the islands of th? great Pacific were never connected with the continents seems to be proven by the fact that very few animals are found upon them. There are no large aninr.is of any kind in Polynesia. It is not known whether rats are indigenous .or were introduced by passing vessels;; they are now almost incredibly 'numerous upon some of these islands. In some quarters the missionaries find it necessary to have some one keep the rats off the table during meals, just as we keep off the flies. Of food supplying plants the 'most important are the bread fruit tree, othe cocoa-nu- t palm, the banana, the taro and a species of yam. Of tlie' bread fruit there are several kinds which ripen at different seasons of the.- year, and so enable the natives to subsist . with" very; little Jabor. The sugar cane is indigenous and is now extensively cultivated on some of the larger islands. Most tropical fruits are grown on some of. the islands. The banana is especially valued for the great amount of fruit it produces. The ground which in the course of a year, would produce 33. pounds of wheat 00 pounds-o- fl potatoesviiIL of bananas. yield 4,000 pounds Perhaps Samoa affords as good a sample bf the Polynesian race as any group of islands iii the Pacific, for the natives here have been brought less in contact with the civilized vorld than, have the people 011 many of the islands, consequently their customs and habits as compared with Europeans and Americans are quite interesting and peculiar. The natives" of Samoa area fine race of as people physically, and as But the natives of Hawaii and Tonga. ' i . . .- labor, and we have a most interesting time, the brethren expressing thenj selves pleased with the meeting and at the Saints having come out in such goodly number. Wednesday 22, we take an 'affectionate leave of the Saints and take the train for Evanston where we are met by the Relief We go to Society' president and others. the president's home for dinner and then to a meeting at 2 p. m.; and each time how it makes our hearts swell with gratitude to our Heavenly Father for His goodness to" His people, for here again Is another cosy meeting house and some good sisters. But our experience has been"'in traveling among the people that, go where you will among the Latter-daSaints, there you will find intelligence. We have a profitable meeting, then go to Almy, the scene direiuijievaiitatiQn .Lsjme Jhree years ago. The saddest reflections pass through my mind on arriving there and going through Ve are tcken to Bishop Boun's the town. wife. It is a home by his whole-soulecomfortable home situated on the side of a hill overlooking the whole place and has the loveliest garden, the soil having all been carted up, placed 011 the rock and banked up and the water to sprinkle with forced up from the valley below. In that garden the loveliest of flowers grow, also the finest vegetables, the Bishop taking pains to ex-- . plain to us the different varieties and also "fouiicT of-th- or-1- . at most-uniqu- e fvon -- . d - rvmrvM vnhto rlpicn is disnha vrd fmri ; the native and his wickeup to the from the minutest of everything to It really is amazing to see the greatest. such workmanship so far up in the mountains, seemingly away from every thing. The people up there seem comfortable and when we realize wdiile traveling &mong-th.community how few, comparatively speaking, owned a home previous to the Gospel reaching them, and how the Lord lovely-castle- d , PredeutCluff"and1iis-genianui7- " with all her aids were on the qui to to make be done each could or.e see what The dinner comfortable. tables happy and the After looked elegant.. program was closed about over the exercises, 5 o'e! ck, we spent a pleasant evening visiting with friends. Sunday 26, we leave Coalville about noon Sisters Guff and Eidredge and two good We go tea brothers accompanying us. nines 10 upion, sccjii imics ui umuauou dug ways. We then again marvel at the perseverance of the people, but as usual when you get. to the valley it is quite a nice, little place. We have a very profitable meeting at 2 o'clock, have a goodly After meeting on our number present. way back we visit Bishop Clark's Fun Hall, of the kind we ever the place " remember seeing, he "having Employ td" an artist to paint the walls .in oil on which' y ' e eh- hpTCsenting-each'ofTisitrrabouquet-whi- cover their bodies from shoulder to knee, no such law exists in Samoa; hence the natives on ordinary occasions confine their' clothing to their vale vale, or waist-cloth- , On Sundays, however, the men wear a a sort of sash in adshirt and the dition to the vale vale. (Continual) A ' at the .nice, little? two ; miles .wesi 01 nciio.-r' Saturday 25, they take us in due time to meeting house that the Saints own in this' far off settlement and the good feeling Echo where President CluiTs carriu c manifested among them when we take into meets us to take u 3 to Coalville. A t d u consideration that it is but a mining camp, we meetvith the old folks in that very not gold mines, however, but that whiph beautifut Stake house of which the Sail's ' .is more essential this kind of weather, coal of Summit Stake' are so justly proud -a. mines; and so few Saints compared to the the Relief Society having clone so 'much :u. number of people. At 7 p. m. we hold wards it; the grounds are also very nice. another meeting where the brethren as well Well it was old folk's day in very d'eul, a as the sistersmeettogether after their day's happier. looking gathering could scarcely be - "lTIehlTToiTnsren EXPONENT nlrnmirfc . fair-skinne- . VISIT TO SUMMIT STAKE. previous ar- rangeinent with President Atwood while attending the Relief Society conference .of the Summit .Stake held at Peoa 7th and 8th ihst we leave on the 7 o'clock train for Ogden, take the Eastern lor Echo where we are met by President M. J. Counselor R. Pack bf the Summit Stake. Our reveries going up the Jovely valley of the Weber Water, as the native would say, were of the most pleasant type. We then proceed to Rock Springs, Wyoming, where we arrive at 3:30 p. m. At the depot we are cordially met by the president of the Relief Society, the Bishop's wife and several Others. Having been escorted to the Bishop's comfortable dwelling and made to feel at home by his genial wife we endeavor to rest ourselves. In the evening quite a number gather there and we have "j a sociable time. The next morning we visit the sown and must admit our surprise at the extent thereof and that so much thrift is At 2 p. m. we- manifested on all sides, on-th- e At-wood-a- ' nd nfnie His holv name. We arrive at Coal ville about dark, having enjoyed our trip very much, the mountain scenery was very We fine. are again entertained at President Guff's hospitable home and also at Brother Eldredge's. Monday 27, we visit the sick and.afilic.ted. We call on one poor sister who has been aillicted with rheumatism for two years, we pray with ,them then comfort and 'bless them and ask the Lord to bless them. We Many times while enjoying the fragrance of those lovely plants in the Autumn evening we felt impressed to say surely 'Where there's a will there's a way," when one sees what can be accomplished if people wid only try. Thrift is visible on every side in that household. Thursday" 23, we call on several sisters in the morning, then at 2 p. m. we hold meeting again in a good, meeting house. We have an interesting time then call on some we appreciated very much. 1 -- : mojeearistcrhcii34nck4o-Juiiston-where -a- we are very kindly waited on for bo-A'isi n g-- si ste W ould how they do appreciate our call that more made it a point to call' on the sick and comfort and bless the afflicted, for then is the time they heed consolation and ia to blessing we are blest. We then repair a Relief Society meeting in the Stake house at 10 o'clock, after which we comfort another afflicted one. In the afternoon we go to ana Hoytsville to ameeting at 5 o'clock to We return have a very good meeting. Coalville and by invitation attend the Y. X. M. L A., which we enjoy very much as jt is very' interestingly conducted. friends Tuesday 28, we take leave of. deaf which-is always affecting, Sisters Atwood and Pack having proven themselves There were several genial ' companions. other settlements we were to visit but the season being so far advanced and conference so near it was deemed wisdom to postpone ! supper at the home of the president's daughter after w;hich we go with Sister Dawson to her cosy home. We calmly settled ourselves to rest thinking we were through for that day, not so, however, for about S o clock there came about fifty of the good Saints of Evanston to surprise us, and it was a surprise indeed. Well we had a most enjoyable time and we all parted feeling to bless each other. Friday 24 we view the town and indeed it is quite a town, then we take the,train for Echo where we hold a meeting at 2 p. m. The Saints, here are but few in number and very much scattered but they are trying to do air the good they can. - - They have a good Bishop and a good Relief SociAfter meeting we go to ety president. Henneferville in a rain storm, where wre hold a meeting at 5:30 and have quite a it until a iutureTrimiWe:leavjeCoa!vihe good turn out considering the weather; at 8 : 20, reach Ogden at 4; 30 and arrive home : : '. they also have a good meeting house: After at 8 p. m. all well. ' of the Echo and his good meeting Bishop - -- . :;-'- " ' -- 