t i .. ' &ft fingers. ' - iX int6-'HfrnicV.l&f- : . . 1 ' . . . i i ukti ikiLikaiiuiiir j o liil iiidii Iiiuijiii- was and were associated esiaoiisiied. there, loving'stitches". Kimball Sister and the positions performed Yes we have a different Christmas now, 'with the Prophet Joseph intimately. Sarah she 'filled ller home was never neglected; M., whose maiden name was Granger, at- she was a model and'this year we have much to be thankful and knew the housekeeper Many little ones tended the Hebrew school in 'Kirtland, with ait of making home attractive; for and to rejoice over. yet there wboe father went to battle have him home Joseph .Smith and others who. were among was no stronger. minded woman in all And the foremost leaders of the Church in early Israel than Sister Kimball. She has mainwith them for the jolly Christmas. days. As a young girl she had excellent $ome whose homes are not .so blest, yei tained. the principle of equality of the sexes opportunities for advancement and cultiva- and contended for it with all the advantages know the war is over and look forward to tion, and the knowledge acquired was a the home coming with joyful anticipation. She did not believe in pertaining thereto. There has been a bountiful harvest, the good ioundation for h lT suuseouent c.irerr half measures.. She stood solidly for the as a .teacher and as a leader among women, Lord has blest His "people wonderfully and lar c,t freedom ()f opinion :.ud of the press, ""Jathcr and mother were Oliver and without the children should be made to realize, this, waiting to see what other people jkxio. .uuit vjiauger ana wen Known jn thought . As a public speaker she. was coir and to comprenena now me .uora nas. pro,-Church history. Of their family only three cise and to the vided for the needs ol liis people and given point, never made long ' them an abundance and to spare, so that grew to man rind womanhood. Fayette speeches, but said what she felt, forcibly on this Christmas day in all the valleys of Granger, the1 eldest, was well known in and always with effect. It was invariably in Utah as a of sort there should be no the.ej.rly days this Western land, pioneer, something to remember. She was'sptcially and of on most his time frontiers. home in and the spent scarcity any certainly not gifted in conversation, was well read, had to went California and is and settled blessed those where thei are traveled much and met many celebrated messengers of Farley still there. of 'sisters residing the Relief relief, Bishops and people;, was at me" time quite familiar in Oliver is the old The dear, fattier, Granger, Society. people who are so inettwniiiUiVashinton'society l u ine doo, or uocinne ana covenants, - much alone in the 'world, more even than taught school in this citv Kim!ir a revelation ection 117. trtthtin inven be the children should I ' richly remembered ' for several years, and under very trying Far in. as West, fond Missouri, circumstances, and while thus engaged of dainties Prophet Joseph at Christmas. They are in July S, 1S38, (Brother Granger was still in teaching she became even more than ever as the children, though they cannot keep Kirtlaud;) and there were many precious convinced of the need of up the delusion of Santa Claus, and if the changed conditions Not for. promises made to him at that time. children were U ugh t to divide with-th- e women engaged in work that came in only to Brother Granger but to Sarah were aged peopleof their own locality, those who with men, and determined to competition made were the that promises by have no grandchildren of their own to come Prophet push the matter to the utmost. And bhe sacred and her to very and bring them delicacies, it would be a very comforting knew there was no other method that could life. her greater blessing to the children than to throughout be so effectual as the elective franchise. After to Nauvoo the Saints those to whom they minister in innocence gathered She was an ardent admirer and champion Miss became Granger and love. So let us learn the Christ lesson. I acquainted' with of Susan B. Anthony and sincejier active Hiram Kimball, who was a resident and It we only give to those who can give to us work as president of the Utah Suffrage land owner'oti as it of town the, Commerce, in return, we are not the true,followers of Association, her in me has been on the Roll was in married then called. were Thev the lowly Nazarene whose birtri we cele- of Honor of the National American Suffrage in Nau dwell but to came Kirtland, Ohio, hrate, (even though we have long since Association as Honorary vo and d where had homL' lovel' the' learned that it was not the day of his births Sister Kimball was a member of the Utah Christmas has been kept on this iMn Kimball figured conspicuously in busi- - Constitutional Convention of 1882, and was particular day that a change all over the Sister Kimball was ambitious in good for some years a member of the Territorial world could scarcely be effected. Committee of the People's Parly. It' Is imto works anxious contribute and especially This year, 1898, Christmas comes on the possible to enumerate all this remarkable Sabbath day. and therefore festivities will towards the Temple which was to be erectwoman has done, but suffice it to say she be observed upon Saturday or Monday, or ed in that city, and her zeal in this respect has been one of the foremost in all proboth as the case may be, but the children was one of the factors in bringing about the gressive work of elevating, nplifting and which Relief the of Society, organization will probably receive fruitful at the has since become such a large and flourish- advancing society and humanity. Christmas Sunday School. After the Relief Society had been organits at was She institution. ing present Already the city has put on its holiday in Stakes and branches in the Masonic Hall iirNauvoo ized throughout Zion l VLtl Li Ui on the 17th day of March, 1S42, and in lact play. Stores, shops and business houses of M. Kimball was chosen by bister bliza K. in held Sister was the meeting preliminary all kinds are in gala dress, and the brighter, Snow, the president, as secretary, June 19, wofew are There house. own Kimball's gayer colors that have been the rage the 1880. October 101892, the society was first of the members men who were living last year or more add to the brilliancy of incorporated and she was elected one of the the decorations. In the midst of all this organization and only one, Bathsheba V. vice presidents, which position she occupied who to the known writer, was'presSmith, display perhaps there is as much delusion at the time of her death. Her loss will be as attaches to Santa Claus. The. home nd ent when the organization was enectea. she was all her Zina D. H. Young and M.' Isabella Home deeply felt by -the fireside is always connected with Christwise in counsel; "and her words were al are the and were afterwards only members, mas so closely that one invariably think? of ways fraught with meaning; her judgment are recall ones can that we the. yule log, or the huge pine knots and was excellent, and. she never Sister Kimball came with her husband on all subjects a word the joys of social or even jovial family interin due season and to failed to give settled and in the to 1850 and valley family course. "The holly round the Christmas 'sound the rising note. been has residence her where' this in city, hearth" has become proverbial, and We shall miss her in all our assemblies, ever since, When the Relief Society was was always inspiring if she 'At Christmas time the open hand, organized in Utah Sister Kimball was chos- her presence ; words. At Scatters bounty o'er sea and land' en to preside in her Own ward,the Fif teenth, was not able to say but a few of the Relief 1857, and our last General Conference It is prod thnt xce have the holidavs this was on the 9th of February, most Society in the Assembly Hall, October 5. what would life be without these seasons of she has beeirf rom that time one of the ex-- , and indefatigable workers in she . was not present being afraid of the able presidents renewal It makes us almost young again the cause had been with us in the; throughout all Zion. Perhaps posure, but she Board of Directors in the to participate in such rejoicings. there was no more judicious economizer of meeting of the ' office the day previous, and means, yet withal liberal in bestowing to ''Exponent' upon the subject PRESIDENT SARAH M. KIMBALL. the needy and unfortunate, than she' has spoke impressively She also attended the officers' been,; ' Her own ward can testify to her in the' lecture hall of the. Latter-da- y and meeting unbounded charity her works, Sister Kimball whose departure from this good Saints Business College on Saturday, betand sick afflicted, the of care life took place' on .Thursday evening, Dec. motherly sense. October 8, and spoke twice, a most unusual wider a in wlio her thin' knew we ter 1, 1898, at ten minutes to six, was a promand thing for her. But we shall hear her voice inent woman in the history of the Church. Every where her works testify of her, no more among us, she has passed on to She was connected, with it as a. .member the younger, generation should not pass by a affords. higher life for which she was eminently of when a. very young girJ and figured in its such, notable examples as her life in fitted, to join theinnumerable company be should life perpetuated name and Her She was history to the time of her death. wo- - Saints who had preceded her, her husband, born in Phelps,' Ontario Co., New York the memory of every young man and father, mother an$l many relatives, whom Zicn. man-iState, Dec, 29, 1 81 8 , but her parents moved - .. i ' k i . ? . . j ; I -- - . 7 C . 0 vice-presiden- t. ! so-lo- ng . pn-iuub- ! leus 4 C n-- v j . co-worke- -- now-Jivin- g. -- : under-cousideratio- , -- n 