WOMAN'S EXPONENT. a. .1. National ' ''V V tnalllcTeic nepresent.' ' Ptb 4 ; me and tlfe organization Mr. Faure reported 'a tiou from AugustBelmont &'Co7, donations amounting to S611. .stone lies foursquare in its place, '. Coid and black and bare of grace, Tae sun shims on the barren square An J wakes no life or beauty there. ' time is neaf when fighting Red Cross have been fully endured, olher ' . The New York Ambulance Red Cru.Auxiliary at the home of Mrs. W; C. Co wles, - steel on stone,jner the b'ow of fitter the granite's grafing groan: is set The mason's cu iiing ha ul to smite and fret;. ('pun the stone - - t " . ' v And deeper as the chisel goes The beauty daily grows and grows, fall Fur lights and shades begin to About the carving on the wall, And - - angel-wings-an- No.GSg Madison avenue, reported yesterday 2,695 4as the total recent collections, mako t,.il r f tA trEigkty thousandtt'dollars was reported . faccsieap d rURA battle-krnj;laF- f' love one another" is n?tjllXr:l-!iut- r 'biirM' states-- , - manship and tny"ecoit'oinics: r ntn to snctid Hit summer in this delight fill suburb.'. Thanking yuu for sending me the 'Exponent" I.' am Frateru.al.ly yours, r 4 7 - LUCINDA' I). ClIANliUvK. i U. W. I C, the aggregate sum collected by the various auxiliaries of the Red Cross at yesterday's The regular meeting of the II... W. P. C. meeting of the Woman's Committee on was held in the "l.xponent" oiiice Tuesday Auxiliaries at the homeof Mrs. Butler Dim-ca- evening, May 31. The president being ab- No. 1 Fifth avenue." Mrs. U. II. Doolan, sent the as serves The General Committee, which, prayer Sirs. Phcbe C. Opeuing presided. a clearing house for all the auxiliaries, reThe secretary called the roll, reYoung. n, Obedient to the chisel's sweep; Flowers and fruits of paradise i'eneath the fretful hammer rise, Until the house of God has grown Mure worthy through that'earven stone. furcwilled Tliou, too, great Mason hast 1 hat all the stones whereof Thou build with hands shall so Thy house not made -In" beauty as in suffering grow. - The heirt to' which Thy tools re laid Shall never lack of sorrow's shade, That from that background there may shine Outlines of beauty most divine. ceived representatives from, sixteen oj the twenty-fou- r already formed, with" a detailed, account of materials and funds on hand. Each auxiliary .will turn over a certain amount of linen, hardware, hospital equipment, cots, etc., that the vinous associations have undertaken to furnish; The new organizations are: -No. 20 West Side Auxiliary, under Mrs.v Charles R. Shaw, No. 130 West sponses being given with original patriotic sentiments. Mrs. IS. Ii. Wells proposal the name of Mrs. Kate B. Anckrbon as a member, and she was unanimously elected. Under unfinished business the Cuifcw Law was disaissed with 110 'definite result. The to resignation of...Mrs.Miller as alternate fvhodes . MrsrBrown was accepted Was appointed in her place: d Mrs. Luella Rhodes read a carefully historical paper on the "Royal 'Family' of Spain and the present Generals." Mrs. M. J. Lambert kept the members on deeply interested in her eloquent paper : " street. h and-Mrs- Clara -- Barton, president of Uie National Red Cross; George Kennan, first arid D. L. Cobb counsel, appeared - pre-pare- . nt 21 MrsrMay-Myrick- v -a No. j , iJrmceion AUuwi. Mis Tames Morgan, Mrs. W . iv. and Mrs. Laurence Hutton. ' 11 T1 , f T y--y . n' T u. Scott 'Current Events," including letters from womeu-s organization concerning the war, son was killed -' on the Maine. Geueial discussion"' oTpaiefs- and a mother's -- .letter-Avhos- e followed. Executive board of the American On motion of Mrs. Schiller the meeting committee National Red Cross Relief Closing prayer by President R. Adjourned. LETTER. of APPRECIATIVE Chamber AN yesterday afternoon in the ILPratt, after which volunteer refreshments Commerce to answer questions concerning were thoroughly enjoyed by all present. . 111., Grove, Downer's the standing of the organization they repAimiK C. Sciiillku, Asst. Sec. 1398. 15, May doors. resent. The meeting was behind closed Doubts heretofore expressed by members Mrs.. E. B. Wells: WOMEN IN ART, of the committee, notably by received had ;tie Dear Sister If you E. Orr, as to the exact status of the Red of my" thought in years materialized expression Bonheur is over seventy-nin- e Rosa P. John to I Secretary wished Cross, were, according have I still as times rvmnv aud She is as active as ever, WIUlUll n-oc old completely-dissrpateojFaure, perched upon, the five hours spends, and her associates. Mr. Orr was not presof your courtesy m samu tion his as Low G. William appeared I always fina ent, but valuaole object in her "Woman's Exponent." historically most the proxy. of interest iu.it, and I enjoy With its help all her most famous studio of A week ago two members of the National something which disclose the iratemal spirit has been achieved, from the "Horse work Red Cross asserted that the members of the reports conIn April 15th social institutions. to the picture whicli she justly Fair" association were ten in number. Miss Barton Lsue was much pleased with tne report siders her magnum opus, "Horses ThreshI whose of over a thirty, quoted it as society Mile. Bonheur Jias Corn." A. Pace "How to Build a Granary the of Julia out " ing in the field, work for same of Los-tomeetings were merely Could we have the Anna Miss Klumpke commissioned on Nothing." actualized in our ecou-omi- c "entirely unhampered by elective commither portrait, and has united spirit to paint oban as unemno tees." This hitherto regarded - we should to be her guest this summer Miss systems,Klumpke the sanctioned by jection was apparently no children in factories, work is being done. This is an the vhile ployed no tramps, ten-nno Relief committee. debt honor conferred by the greatest bill ons of interest bearing exceptional Mr. 'said address "Miss Barton's telling : most "jriltea 1 houses, Jothm2 woman wv- - rf tlm d iu ' ant arubi upuu iarmcia work Cross resources Red of nch Faure, "descriptive artists, Miss Klumpke ffiedcail is T needed in this country of; the-go- od feet. off his Many wept.'' every man the working together lor whicli our Mr. Kennan spoke especially of the busi- but for , aud Lefebvre, and she has Dome ,r:-.all and to fill thp'nnroose abhsh ness machinery of the' Red Crossits careto medals- -a , third Constitution was adopted, welfare. fulness of distribution, economyjof adminishe Salon the sllver medal at nd oromote the general ;,tirP of its record a of tration and completeness rlng Versailles and a gold jncdal from Plnladel-Chdoings. The Historical Society of Albany, and satisfied Krwas anr" The committee entirely mntnA Miss Klumpke to hold an : . The commended the methods and practice bp," ; . to any degree. hpW cileries, and during oration vhv-"wnere iu of the Red Cross as described by Miss Bato Tenh. seems promise of April a collection was week Raskin, rton and the others. The- assertion that realizations of this pnnaple, moueuu! some forty oil paintings and pas civili-Miss Barton had appeared before the Relief MranpH hv their so e tho nrohlem of Tri.r. can Mlss alone Klump.e, which by inCommittee to vindicate the Red Cross is " owner. VT J za.uonannouncenations further of and the. the dignantly scouted, ment that a special staff would be" appointed from 4ts ranks to accompany her on her return journey southward was also denied. a, auu .For herself Miss Barton said: - ; arise in connection with this lecturing in from the climate. , the ; mrfdi benefit at -committee and I have perfectly conflict cannot oe lui,-- ". All actions of the understood each other. before the . . Hazleton Pa. Auxiliary. Xo. 2 2 Westchester Land and Sea Auxiliary, under Mrs. Frank K. Hunter. tinder 23 Staten Island Auxiliary, No. BARTON TELLS OF THE RED CROSS. vice-preside- vice-presiden- t, Seventy-fift- Speaker. - the ."VS. CfirEfwiity,. true' religion, 52,50-contfftiu- aiTci 011 ' - . Vice-Chairma- n - bj a-da- . . n W co-operatt- ve o. i- car-rle- d 4 . g-- . ' . -- : "' ex-Sssf- ul - r.' - -- r '"rtion "The CTrrt, North-Carolin- . - ; r u.ub . 