' -J,ii- ' ' He !i.-a-State. -- viMted-I'cr- WOMAN'S a and Chili . . d was war correspondent of the Chilian to the United States in . .Ik-' He Im visited japan and the north judgL is the author of de he li, ,f Africa and ... t..:e . .i.. .... ed .,1-i.to- (jS.so) and several all. His text books . irt otner doors, fourteen m are used in high schools He is the anl onie of UitTUt eolleKcs. originator and director of the Alliance institution and is at present engaged in teaching Fiench in this c'tv by the natural method. The "Exponent" offers fervent congratulations to the newly wedded pair, wishing, them ton voyage over the sea of life. . k Franco-America- n 0 founded on esteem, Vc;b'cl love Which the fair merits of the mind For there are charms wM h never can decay, Bat time which xives new whiteness to the swan i- - t'ne; Improves their. lustre. MUSINGS AND MEMORIES. ! ,w l;;.;' 7 i'rf weTe'del&d who to ,ln ? TOsl"T ! re-um- .: .1. l '"T l! hmT S 1 H h , , ' f'T'- n ltk "l dmttniL' in corners. Liluokahmi viot,.,i Q t on .Saturday, Nov. 26, en route for Wash- remaining only one dav. The Hawaiians paid her irreat restart inf.-tiiher at the depot and showing her every courtesy possible. Through the kindness of .Nster Emily G. Clulf.Dr. Ellis R. antl the writer were favored with an Shipp introduction and the great pleasure of conversing with her for a short time. The late queen is very affable and interesting, fond Of poetry and literature, has written books and translated from other languages. She is a patron of the Historical Society of She sings pathetically and on Polynesia. the occasion of our interview she sang a favorite ballad "Aloha oe," and played her own accompaniment on the piano. She en-- ' teitaiirs a high regard for our people, and was interested in all we are doing especially in the work of women. She referred to woman's work in general and spoke of having attended the Mothers' Congress in Washington and other conventions of Ex-Qciie- M,e 'l - ' : Okj&s MfcS.MHl herH n,"1- - to support WaS c"tct1 den a',al'as and chUdren, Rtli ty. the Primary Association in the (VcUmi.' . , f. ' I I - In iS-- x l,o r,..,.,l jrd . ward of n,;i,,, became an active member of the !t' llL' V)Clct' here; 0n September 8, 1885, sue was annoniled second conn or tn President Harriet A. Snow. In July 1890, she was elected president of Box Klder Stake after the death of Preside Harriet A. Snow, which position she. held .at the time of her death. Sister Widcrborg was beloved by her sisters, she was a woman, of great integrity, full of the spirit of discernment and charity, a .friend to the poor, the distressed and the sorrowful, she was particularly gifted both Her faith intellectually and spiritually. and trust in God was perfect, and through all her long sufferings she manifested a sweet spirit of pitience and submission to the will of the Lord. She possessed the rare gift of inspiring others with confidence, the poor and distressed' would feel free to come to her personally and never did any one leave her or" empty. hearted, according empty-handeto their need. Of her can be truly said, "She did magnify her holy calling." Lovingly from her colaborers, . Mary Wright, 1st counselor; Zilla Reese, 2nd counselor; Annie Wiscom, recording secretary iKmelia Madsen, corresponding secretary; Fanny Graehl, treasurer; Kugenie S. Pierce, assistant secretary. nn(1 n-- r. , "Musings and Memories", is a 'volume of poems entirely of home production, and is very suitable as a gift for the holidays. The bo'k is sufficiently elegant in appearance for any drawing room or library table. It contains three hundred pages and includes On- - Wednesday November a steel engraving of the author.' It is for 23, the Gardo famous for many brilliant gatherHouse, .sale at the office of the "Woman's Expo-- ' was opened by its present occupants, ncnt.'Templeton Building, opposite Deseret ings, Cloth binding, $1.25; dainty Mr.andMrs A. W.McCune.also famous enXews office. tertainers, to about two hundred invited Those livcover, 51.50; morocco, $2.00. guests, most of them Temple workers. A ing outside Salt Lake City who might wish program had been arranged and opened to purchase the book should address, R. S. REPORTS. with sacred music by the Temple choir Mrs. K. B. Wells, led by Prof. C. J. Thomas. Prayer was Templetou Building, offered by Bishop George H. Taylor, and WAYNK STAKK. Salt Lake City Utah. after some rich music by the- sweet singers The Relief Society conference of Wayne of Israel, President Lorenzo Snow made the Stake was held at Junction, Wayne Co., EDITORIAL NOTES. address in usual his and dignified opening on Sunday arternoon, August 28, 189S. Other brief speeches Present impressive manner. on the stand the Stake officers of 'At the quarterly conference of the Box were made interspersed With musical selecthe society and President W. E. Robiscu, Elder Stake of Zion held on Sunday and tions and a few choice recitations The Counselors .. H. M. Hanson and G. S. Monday, the 13th and 14th of November, guests were invited to the elegant, large also Patriarc4ivLUllafk-burand President Lorenzo Snow being present the d n nglmUjyj3erjL .brethren. other Meeting opened by singofficers oitiRelferSoc eiy of that Stake "Tvatting, the program .being continued the to "Praise man" etc. Prater offered were chosen to fill the vacancy caused by meanwhile. After the numerous company bing President W. E. Robison. Singing the demise of the president, Sister Olivia bad all been served there were a few more Hail to the brightness" etc. Widerborg, and the resignation of her speeches by .brethren and one by President President Jane S. Coleman spoke upon Zina D. H. Young, and as the guests were the counselors. The officer elected were Susgifts and privileges of the Gospel. She anna P. Booth, president; Emelia D. Mad-sedispersing the Doxology was sung and said that mothers should not neglect their Brother Claridge of Arizona, the father and Louisa Peters, counselors; secretary their children in homes, they should-teacand treasurer, names not benedicof Sister the known. McCune, pronounced jet their youth the principles of the Gospel. tion. The guests were profuse in their, ghe had iateiy visited, in company with On Saturday, November 6, President of of the pleasant .appreciation expressions Counselor Sarah S. Forsythe and Sister Ann C. Woodbury- ojFSt. George Stake. time given tnem oy tne ainiaoie nost. and Louisa Brown, six of the local Relief Sociwith her counselors, Emma. Morris .and hostess who seemed solicitous that all ety branches and could report them in good Jane T. Bleak, visited Gunlock Ward and should enjojr themselves, and the affair was condition, awake to. their duties and held a meeting with the Relief Society, a a great success socially and spirit- certainly in attendance at meetings. -- Gave inmanifest. very good spirit was Although structions pertaining to Relief Society work at that time there had been no storms in and the duties of teachers, advised the St. George, Sister Woodbury says the' presidents and grain committees to comwere surprised on their return from Gun- mence gathering up the grain whitest was lock to seethe shrubs in the Temple grounds Sister Olivia Wideiborg, president of the plentiful and fulfill the obligation placed covered with ice, "the spray paving frozen Relief Society of Box Elder Stake, departed upon, us in this direction to save up grain on them, it wTas an unusual sight.'1 this life on the 27th of September, 1898,in for future need. Counselor. Sarah S. Forsythe was thank- -' after a A very pleasant reception was given on Brigham City, Box meeting in conferlingering illness of many months, or in fact ful for the privilege ofstrive Saturday, November 12 by Mrs. W. W. continually to ence, said we should "Riter and Mrs. C. II. Wells at MrsJRiterV years, may The - Olivia Nelsen Widerborg was born on the enjoy the spirit of God that our faithinterresidence, from Iwo- - to five p. m. see to the was She pleased handsome parlors were beautifully decora - 4th of December, 1832, in Maribo on Lol increase. the sisters in the Re-- , manifested est among embraced the She Denmark. ted with autumn Gospel land, leaves, flowers, potted in Copenhagan, February 16, 1855,' was lief Society work and noted the union that plants etc," chrysanthemums in abundance branches where she and delightful music by Elder Niels Hansen. In 18.58 existed in the different by a string baud. Mrs. baptized 1if micrrntpd to Utah and was married had lately visited, in the Stake. Gave good and'. Mrs.Wellsreceiyed .together , Riter November 28, 1 S60, to Elder Carl Wider- - advice to motners on many buujecu pciuun-bor- g Guests , came and wcut during the entire ing to living good lives and practicing our in Salt Lake City. . afternoon and all who wished were served . d - Bas-tian- 1 n 1 1 n h - an-in-creas- e ua-lly- . . IN-MEMORI- AM. Elder-county- , ". s " , . ' - I 