WOMAN'S EXPONENT. awake. But I was just struggling to keep vvc had a Saturday night arid last night chance to catch up, aud are now read) for . work again! . Tt rp.nllvinoreof a oleasureeven tnan meet I had anUcinafca.-Jl... - A.w iviuvm"v. " " - wfhavefnot -- $6' yet kindly' was ve'rj- as, district peoplebeen any of my Waiapiil, it is a they did not get down to conference, But I.aui glad to ray long. way for them. that our next April conference will be held in the disup th'.re. Also I expect to. take trict on niy vay to Auckland,- spending most of the month of May in that and ad- ' joining districts, reaching Auckland; early in June, with conferences appointed from that 0:1 to September and October, so you see I shall be busy. We are now op, our way to the. Mabia, making a final trip for Elder Richards. The. Mabia is Hirini's old home, and we desired to make it We to take him up there early. expect to go on tomorrow to' Napiere.. In all probability- Elder Richards with C. Castletou, clerk of the. mission, and W. . t 'tt leave llf .11!.. . three oilier luuers win Wellington on April 28th on the same boat on which we came out. They will reach home about May, 25th and you may expect a call from them. :: Now mother, do please take care of your-- . self. I am. looking for home mail due in This should leave Auckland tomorrow. Auckland on the 16th. I am quite anxious to hear how matters have gone on at Lome. But we are all in the hands of the Lord, and we u.tfst do the best we can leaving the rest to Him. ; me friendsT Please remember toaUiuy IfPve. to lizzTe"a"ffd""Charlie and all the folks. Send ths over to Mother Burton to 'rcadasj must write her but briefly this time. The News is not furnished the mission, so if you will get the and send me in one bundle each San Francisco mail, I will try and arrangefor the pay of same. With love I am," your son Ezra T. Stkvenson. T . :.vdti?net&s con-venie- . ut - ; . . -- -- Semi-Weekl- y dan workmanship are found in the earhW the ganized the Relief Society; she joined memSociety then and remained an active ber as long as her health would- - permit. . -- for.rr- adoctor the Greeks atid Etruscans, The vere nterpriT Phoenician navigators .;. x Tii'.' ruitirrnf rip lt'sixjiiLiiinnirp TO - -inr iVW I tombs of; ioffpS&fSt i vj-- aXions, niid'tBey 'she was t'frT.VVflwhere vfy efficient in wuVting uporr.the sick, 'ATTY-SHS3TON- -- the-Counc- il 1 Patty Sessions Was born in Bethel, Qx-for- d County, Maine, 1795, was married to David Sessions, June 28, 1812, and settled in the adjoining town of Newry. She was a member of the Methodist church for seventeen years, and was bap. tized into the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints in 1834. She was the mother of eight children and survived them e all but two; she has grandchilone thirty-sevehundred and dren, great grandchildren and twenty-tw- o great great grandchildren, making in all two hundred and fourteen posterity. They sold their property and left their native land in June 1S36, to share in the troubles and persecutions of the '.Saints?" They traveled two thousand miles, camping out all the way, to Caldwell Co f, Missouri, tbey then purchased laud and remained m that place until 1838, when tbey were driven but, they then went to Hancock Co. Illinois. They wentto Nauvoo in an early ,day and assisted in building up the city and also the Temple. She was present at the meeting when the Prophet Joseph Smith or fifty-thre- n 1 x , - . ? -- ne-was g Co-o- p . - , . ar-e- S. - In 1847 she left especially the women. that place for Salt Lake City, driving an ox team across the plains, when: she arrived on Sep. 26, 1847. Soon after she arrived' in Salt Like there was an organization formed which . was Mother of "Health. called Angell was president, Sister Sessions was one of her counselors, and she acted in that capacity as long as the society lasted. Dr. Willard Richards, counselor to Brighani Young, took a great interest in this Council of Health. She was the president of a benevolent society which was organized on June 10, 1854 for the purpose of clothing the Indian . women and children. SociShe acted as a teacher, in the Relief ety from about the first of its organization in the 16th ward until she left there and 933 another independent monarchy was moved to Bountiful in 1S72, she there formed- in" Castile and soon became the most powerful of the Spanish states. The opened her home for the benefit of the Sociof was the last founded. ety and the teachers held their meetings in kingdom A.Arragon D. there was .a division in In 1035 her house for quite awhile. In 1883 she erected a school house for the Castile and Arragon, and they were not benefit of her grandchildren and the poor "united until thec marriage of Ferdinand King John II. of Arragon of the ward who were not able to pay their and Isabella. schooling. She left money enough in the was ereativ nieasea ai mis matcn; consoli-datinso that the dividend will run deeply sensibleof the importance of Parent the monarchies of Spain under one the school continuously ten months in the year and pay all the expenses. pertaining to head. The marriage articles were- signed It. She took a great interest in the school on the 7U1 of Jauuary, 1469, but the cere- as Jong as she was able to take interest in mnnv u'a: nnt nprfortrjrl until tnp Tntli nf October, 1469. So great was the poverty anything. She has donated" very liberally to the of the parties that it was found necessary to building of the Temples, she put eleven borrow money to defray the expenses of .hundred dollars in the Logan Temple and the marriage. I here were hve children born to Ferdinand gave a very great deal to the Salt Lake and St. George Temples. The eldest daughter, IsaShe also donated arid Isabella. very liberally to the Perpetual Emigration bella, was married to Alonzo, the heir to Fund, as much as two hundred dollars' at a the crown of Portugal, in 1400. Prince time. juuu, ueir 10 ine opanisn crown.-marri-ed bhe died a true and failhful Latter-daNIargareLdaughteiit)flimperor Maxmillian. Saint on Dec. 14. iSq2. married Phillip.son of Maxmillian.' 'Jobanna veafsT" 07 BlessetUrethcdead who die in the Lord." Donna Catalina the youngest daughter, Piiebk C. Sessions. ' married Arthur, Prince of Wales, (afterward to his brother, Henry VIII. ) . Prince John married in .April and in October of ROYAL FAMILY'oF SPAIN. the same year was stricken down with fever and died. The prince dying without KK AI) AT THU U. W, V. an heir the l39S. crown of C.AY 31, Castile and Arragon descended to sou the of Isabella of Portugal When we catch our first glimpse of the who was confirmed Mediterranean about 1500 B. by the Cortez of Castile. it is dot C, Thus the three ted with the sails of the Phoenician crowns, Castile, Arragon and Portugal were suspended over one They crossed the Mediterranean head:' This young heir died when about in every direction distributing the manutwo years old. Isabella of Castile died in factures of Asia. and before she died she exacted a The longest voyages that made wre 1506, they to procure tin-- which was in promise confirmed by an oath from Ferdindemand great and (of whom she was for 'Bronze." The near always jealous) that he would not est regions where this metal was found marry' again. The death of was Isabella the Caucasas on the eastern was the signal for risorder which, shore of the and called the Black sea ) To genius authority of Ferdinand were wards the close of the nth unable to suppress. While the queeri's recentury B n the Grecians were jealous and were mains scarcely cold Ferdinand took closed th the usual measuresfor .Egean sea against these navigators. Th announcing the sucPhacmcians pushed out cession and renounced the crown of Castile in intp the Mediterranean and opened the tin mini favor of Joanna and Phillip, and to their of eldest the Henan peninsula son, Charles I. of Spain, on the 0. death of his mother. The reckless extra- Wi UJe feature nf 'hli general T b which aSance and licentiousness of Phillip so Pn are troubled now entering. the queen that she grew morbid ' and finally her malady' became incurable. rmiiip long since ceased to treat her with M,uln8 posts. Articles of Ph-- ni-- uu.ror even decency, and fain would y BIOGRAPHICAL SKETCH. circum- navigated Africa, an undertaking remark, able considering the" age, 604 B. C, 2'ooo years before the Portugese navigator Magellan. The political strifes between 1500 B.C. to 133 B. C, when Spain became a Roman province are too numerous to tuentioa. .N early eight hundred years elapsed v.Leri Alaric held his sword over Rome and threat, ened its destruction if his demands were not granted. Alaric was obliged to force his way into the city, and Rome paid the penalty of not yielding to him. For several years after the Saracen in vasion Spain was broken off into a number of small but independent states. The king, dom of Asturia, or Leon, had been growing .o a r t 111 powrr anu 111 yo x. u x &cmuu King. dom was founded in Sobrave. Thirty-sifounded was the third years afterwards of Christian kingdom, that Navarre, and in - d navi-gator- s, , of . -- " I"0 i 