..V. ".;. i 1J " 'w. V . . I: ;ruen one S. ilie (J lllc cuapic interest to those near and dearV ties of Mrs m. isa- friendship and sisterhood bella Home gave some iHierKtimr remln iscencx'S of early aas ana ot Joseph the. : Prophet. The fimnim 'Mni a McLellan, Vave on the rim Ave and an air from the Bohemian Girl, also an Prof., Wm. Done also play- "Inspiration. of Beethoven. Camilla C. Cobb sang ed some in her sweet way the old song 'Then you'll remember me.". Lnia ga-the poetical to Mrs. Stevenson tribute given lelow and also recited another of her poems , entitled r,My Father." Mrs. Minnie J. Snow sang sweetly in a plaintive fashion "Far Away." Mrs. Wilcox read from Mrs. Wells' poems " The Dear Old Garden. "There were very dainty refreshments elegantly served and. highly enjoyed, and the hostess gave us quite a display of capes of muslin embroidery and other similar articles of Cue needlework. Mrs Stevenson' was thV recipient ofproL fuse and sincere congratulations and pretty presents, tokens of affection and love, also many good wishes and bouquets of violets, carnations and roses. The writer adds her congratulations to the many others wishing her every joy and comfort possible for mor tals in this probation and'eternal happiness hereafter when sorrow and pain are no more and we enter with our dear ones gone ' before upon the life immortal. - - -- . - , 1 e ; - old-fashion- - TO SISTER ELIZABETH STEVENSON. ON HER SIXTIETH BIRTHDAY; FEB. 8, 1S98. Sixty years ! And sti.l so active; Trudging cheerfully about; Making Gospel Truth attractive, By dispelling gloom and doubt. This, today, we witness here, In your presence, sister dear. Exercising laith and meekness, Hopeful ever doubly 'blest; Charity for other's weakness First and greatest, last and best; In your lite all these we rind, Sister well beloved and kind. , i Unnnv W Soul. i been iv,, ZTr , om lold ' hetio nm tuthet I 7 n W ,ri .MX-OUUM1,mc . n, u- nd w.t Ti.,if t,,,. 4 - k V r ii;.,.i iV"-- l V4 ! j . home "l0 lhc" .... is, . pany with two or three negro ballads in a .quaint, characteristic fashion, and Brother Pyper towards the close of the party rendered the hymn by Kliza K. Snow, 4,Q My Father" the guests joining in after the 6rst vere. I'resident Woodruff spoke a congratulating. Mrs. Jennings and her and her household. His words blessing were full of intense feeling and were as a warning voice to all Israel to take heed to counsel and cherish the Gospel as reVealed in the latter days. President George O. Cannon. followed iii a similar strain. ' All present must haye felt "the power and. intense -- spiritual, force of. the remarks. .of these men of God. The repast was delicate and delicious and very gracefully served, the elegant china, glass and silver, the snowy linen, the fragrance of rare and beautiful flowe.rs all gave added charms to the refreshments. Conversation was general and inany were-thesiiir cere and earnest encomiums of praise upon the hostess and her assistants of her own family. Such delightful intercourse helps to clieer life's somber pathway, and not only the guests but the hostess herself will feel the refreshing and uplifting influence of such And company amid such surroundings. when Mrs. Jennings goes abroad as we understand she expects to do .soon, she will rememberwithsatisfactiou the happiness sue gave to others in ner luxurious nome m Zion, and they will recall the visit with pleasure and a fervent blessing and a prayer Upon her way. feu-minute- s -- com-mitte- e - NOTICE. Tin; secretaries of the several branches of the Keliel" Society Oi Salt Lake Stake are urgently requested to send in their reports. The Relief Society conference of this Stake of Zian will be held in the 14th ward Assembly hall on March 19, 1898. Makgarkt " ! T . . Y. Taylor, Sec. 33 S. 1st West St". THE CLEOFAN. On Wednesday afternoon the Cleofan was highly entertained by Mrs". Annette W. Culmer who gave an interesting topic on the life and character of Edmund Spencer,. also a bright and instructive paper on the chief qualities and influences of his poetry was read by Mrs. Cora Eldredge. The club adjourned for one week. Clara T. Felt, Cor. Sec. pro tern. TiiK secretary of each Stake organization of the Relief Society will please send statistical and financial report of her respective Stake for the year 1897, as soon as possible to "the General Secretary, Mrs, E. B. Wells, Branches of Templetou, Salt Lake City. the Relief Society not included in any of the Stakes of Zion will also send annual reports MEETING. LADIES so that the secretary may be able to" prepare a complete and correct report "of the Society Minutes of the Ladies in good time for the April conference 1S9S. meeting held in the 14th ward Assembly M. Jan. 22, 1898, President hall, Saturday who Cannon H. Martha M State Senator Welcome I. Home Singing went to Washington, D. C. by special in-- . best of all presiding. Prayer by meetings." vitation. of the officers of the national Counselor C. good C. Cannon. Singing "Jesus American W. S. A. to attend , the Sem- the Giver." The minutes of the previous icentennial celebration of the Woman's meeting were read and accepted, Seneca in held convention Fdls, Rights President Home in her opening remarks, New York State, 184$, left this city Feb. 14 stated that a very benevolent firm in the and arrived in good time (W doubt) for the city, viz.,Walker Bros., are distributing a' notified been had She session. by opening large amount of flour and coal to the poor. the corresponding secretary, Rachel Foster Said the business of the meeting consisted- -, comthe on was she that appointed Avery, in finding out how many; poor were in each committee the Senate before to mittee speak nnd at the convention. The Woman's ward. Brother Goddard who was present made infor us the Boston of only gives Journal a lew. remarKb. xic uuutcu m wt itpiw ...... mation we Have upon me suujeci, anu f. flir flrf?ncr " Cannon facts until Dr. mustawait further ops. returns to tell her own story orgive us ... President zina D H. Young wished to newspaper comments. W e learned incidentid d b the hoiy Spiritand said .one for left Philadelphia Washidgton ly that she f (h v Gospel was obedience. Said Keuulc . was over, convention after the i . . 11 1 At the elegant residence of Mrs. Priscilla Jennings on Thursday. February 10, there was a delightful gathering of old friends and acquaintances. The company was in cordial sympathy not only in feeling but upon the topics of the day, and it reminded the writerery much ot social gatherings in the. past at some of the familiar haunts 'which Mrs. Emily H. Woodmansee in one of her sweet poems says "Where the old Mrs. Jennings has been . friends meet." famous for many years for entertaining and on this last occasion, those who' were, favored to be present found her the same dignified; genial hostess as ever. Ashas- been said previously by an able newspaper man in the daily papers, the sweet, peaceful spirit that prevailed gave the special charm that all seemed to realize. yThe presence of Presidents Woodruff; George Q. Cannon and Lorenzo Snow gave an inspiration to the. party and added greatly to the spiritual ' enjoyment. -- reason It was indeed "A feast of and a flow of soul'. . -- . AN INTERESTING PARTY. , ammraoiy auapieu lor entertaining, halls and lious large and con! . ..... wuu r , amcr rooms' aoors. io neciea l ie decora- tiuns were simply superb and one could not help feeling the enthusiasm that comes from flags, stars and stripes, banners and martial mubic, officers in uniform and all the paraphernalia of military costumes. Some ot the ladies of the committee were .in the costume of 1776 with powdered hair, feathers, high combs and rare .old laces, and under the canopy of very beautiful silk flags 'shone with social brilliancy, making a" very pietty effect. In fact all the arrangements ceeiued perfect in every detail. The tables where refreshments were served were very inviting and the ladies who did the honors were charmingly attired and performed theduties.gracefullyJ In. fact nil weu t ofLm exr il ya n dey e ryo .ed eel a red J t the most brilliant event of the season. The music was par excellence, and there seemed nothing wanting to make the whole affair The .delightful to all participants. are now assured of the financial success of the entertainment. ru EDITORIAL NOTES; Greene Richards. T t.. .uwuse - k- ? t i honrk r!,i "n um wawi :. ii,c Bucket." Miss Dwver fnvorr.1 ll.i. mm: " The entertain- 9. .was a- ..Y.. great ..success. . was given at .Major aim .Mrs i;ovney s meiu ... . .,o r, i . - L.,..., vr " cmcuamineni on :aturuav evening ren. m m . Your afTectionatelfriend, L. L. ( ( SEMI-MONTHL- j Y Semi-Monthl- ! I ! ! i ' : . l j i - . y . 