W OM AN s EXPO iVK A 'l 71 T?V jsiww flmlmohef4n the highest sense of the terra, II firmly believe she "Hfula not .7 1 PWf: .yl Continued from pare b:oiI.V rt uvv r' W' three . . .. ti ntfl ef eise a little sleigli was brought into the mai' record read iromthe.huto V could reason with his father, and promised s presiderit'ortW R'elief Counselor to the we uuvi un.ah.uM ujui uie Mirjers were iuu Relief of the the members ward and soon spinning over the beautiful snow. to stand by his sister whatever happened. ... .iir,. tn exDress our deep and earnest Poor little Ruth had been very nervous Ruth was on the look out for the face' of the household so bereaved, ami we cvnuhy forloss all through the sermon, and she fairby of such an exemplary member of her lover, and ere long she spied him on imient the sure siiMinlin broke down during the singing and never horseback Utntv r to'hr-- 'from n MiJiutivi 5 eel her rewanl rt r r society although Jonathan detected him and wondered what tried, a note.' When meeting was out and it meant, he too was riding and was near they started homeward she shook so MAHy RICHES EACAR. the sleigh, and was annoyed. Calling to imKssiblc not to observe it, and wdierrtdie the girls he 'said, "Which of you is lid reached the house had to be put to bed, her t " o'clock Sunday,t)ctober 2, lSc,6,at Apache, estee ned sister, Harwood brother, the doctor, was called, and this ArioriaCo., the spirit of our waving to?" Ruth was breathwas ' forty-fnyears, Jfarv B Riches Eagar, aged less and all "the others answered in chorus, was his opportunity. He soon found out that she was quite as "We don't know him even, it must lc you "Although her demise has cast a gloom over our a mcmun c he wants." was SO Momentarily he turned his .much in love as the young man, and made Jt j,.ty u whlCIl Sliethe handatuvc of our Heavenly horse and galloped after him. frel to acknowledge up his mind let what would come he would m officer as an served had Sister E4gar Fither Ruth saw the maneuver and realized that help them, The house was full of visitors, for many ward this of (Union) ' Relief Society the but they .wire all kinsfolk, and it helped something was going to .transpire. vears. She was first sustained as secretary Jan. til u June 14, Jonathan coming up to the young man more than hindered because his father was isSo, and acted in that capacity ickased was honorably bade him "good morning" and inq'uired ISV at wich date.she occupied, and he had not been told how ill fron' acting as secretary and at once chosen anil what was wanted. Ruth was. She served as sWtained as second counselor. ,'. In his conversation with his sister he . "Why to speak to your sister Ruth, can emmseior until Ju y 1896, at which date she was " said, "Its very evident that Edwin will aain chosen and sustained as secretary, which I see her in the meeting house"? oS'ice sh held till the time of her death. "Not unless you have my father's per- have to leave here, he is a brilliant fellow, Sifter Eigar died as she had lived a true Latter mission, I was not 'aware that you knew can ptt good recommendations from college could be said in any day Saint, and that is all thathusband-anfriends and would succeed anywhere; but eleven her." And without. waiting longer Edwin one's praise.. She leaves a Harwood turned back to the house and he will not go without you, now I will enchildren to mourn her loss. to the deavor to get father's consent to the mar(juracietyfeels..!o tender its sympathy 'inquired for Judge Denhurriedly up riding be. thev may family and relatives wherever ton and was admitted without delay, as no riage and I will go away with you and see Pres. Charlotte Jensen one knew him and supposed he had come you settled." Maggie Jensen, Asst Sec. Ruth protested against leaving her mother, He no sooner saw the Judge on business. ' --- JANE WH.KIK IiLOOl than he told his errand quickly. The faththough she had often fancied beforeasked him if he. hand that she could leave every one for her er calm and UV are again called to part with one of our loved Ruth, where had he seen her and lover. faithful fellow laborers in the Relief Society, SisHattie was called in and wac so delight.why had he come in such an imperious ter Jane Wilkie Blood. Sister Blood was born in Southampton, Hampfashion so early in the morning, half a ed that she could scarcely be pursuaded to with In she 1S54 shire, England, May 2, 1845. To all of these keep quiet. dozen questions in one. her parents came to Utah. They arrived m Salt the "And the wedding will be a reality after young man answered hurriedly, adding Lake City on October 3, 1S54, and.sh- - was marhis father had forbidden him to enter the all, and it must be today, and let me tell ' ried to .William Blood in 1S60. Sister Blood was called to ac' as a teacher in house again or speak to his mother if he Judith ind Sarah Ann, and they will be and .186S, the Kaysville Relief Society May 14, persisted in keeping the company of one of jealous.". cheerfully filled this place, always being wil Ing. the Denton "No, no, little sister, you are not to tell iamily; A short to do whatever she was called ur . The Judge coolly listened to every word, any one yet, I will see the Rev. Josnh time after she was chosen treasurer in the the poor and when young Harwood had finished Cummiugs, and Beh Warner, and will She was aUays reidy s and needy and was alwa at her post of duty said, "I am sorry for you, but you are manage it all this very dai after dinner." .She was blessed wi h a strong will power and And the doctor's ingenuity and tact young and strong, strike out for yourself, never shrank from any task that lay before her. with your education you can face the served him well, he arranged all the details In 1S79 sne vvas called to preside over the and then sprung the question to his father On Ju'y 17, 1SS2, she was Prima world alone, until your father relents." in B the ton Lay chosen first counse'or to Sarah "Alone never.' Ruth loves me and I when he was in the very gayest spirits after Relief Society, which office she filled until she demurred nt -- ovUUnsrry her with your consent' ; passed an ay. ' rT by the strong will "I cannot give it sir, she is the. very ap- first he .was She was the mother 'of. five' sons 'and five daughters and they all survive ner ple of my eye, and you have been winning of his son. ana Sister Blood was a friend to the Indians, Meantime Ben Warner and the minister, her without my knowledge it appears, and She took often gave them food and clothing. 'now When your father reluses, you expect, (who were dining at the house) getting great pleasure in" teaching the. young people the been deceived, it couragefrom the success of young HarGospel. For thirty years she was a member of me to yield after having wood made bold,to. ask for the girls, Judith the Kaysville choir, also a teacher in the Sunday is too much !" and the Judge strong and bewas Her motto School for many years. duty as he had always been grew and Sarah Ann, and the Judge was more household fore pleasure, and she attended to her than willing to consent. pale and trembled. duties, never complaining. We have no doubt "I can give my daughters to you withA momentjl.arwood waited thinking the but Sist-- r B ood has gone to continue her labors in the spirit world. would give way, but meantime the out any misgivings, both sterling men of Judge. On September 7, after an illness of five months doctor drove up, who had been out good family, but this rash young Harwood young and she passed away, leaving her. ten children tellto see his patients and his father looked to who comes to me and demands Ruth, a husband to mourn her loss, being full of faith to him the moment he entered the porch where ing me he will have her with or without the end. SARAH B. LAYTON. . the conversation had taken place, and said, ray. consent, I shall not say yes.I The but he doctor takes all the responsibility. simply "Lije settle with this man I cannot, leave the matter in his hands." must not see your sister Ruth. " Anew leafiet "Clara Barton on Equal "Oh, that's all right Judge, he has great When the Judge had closed the door EdSuffrage," is now ready and may be had at win burst out impetuously, and the doctor courage." the Headquarters, 3 Park' St., Boston at 15 saw at once :how matters stood and prom"Far too much just like his family, I want none of them," and the good minister cents per hundred. ised to befriend him. near kill the Judge to give seeing the Judge grow angry said, "But will for "It pretty voted women Tuesday November 8, the question is who is to perform the cereI suspectfor you. best do butJ'U my four in, iu officers , Congressmen and State in fact I saw you mony for me ? I. have promised Ben Warnthe of sort, ed something full had states. In Wyoming they have uin w mcjf sister together on one occasion. I er, ana tne aocior jaas aswcu will and my Colorado in stiff age for twenty-nin- e years you. per accidental Ruth and Edwin, now Judge In thVWht it mieht have been an was for five, in Utah and Idaho for two. ve-to as well as aware form the ceremony gi I although however, Idaho where the women took part in a meeting, and she my wife ?" you' met at the lakes list summer, national election for the first time the dis. "To be plain with you, T don't care to like, herself of late." t,oc nr,t hppn and interest patches say they showed great ' man showed such 1 have any band in thisbusiness; who ever the was fact young The voted iu large numbers but not "on partidoctor's sympamy, heard of a sober Puritan family getting san lines. ' ' '. Everywhere women show a spirit that he won the matches on ThanksWo fplt finw cruel it would be to separ-- ' nA mlrEeTTeudency to" vote for the best m an , a quarrel giving instead 'of conducting themselves of because those ate people young irrespective of party. if : J. : -- htVJftvs'i-!.- , ::i,er ' - kn-cwu- ! . u He-vi- t- Soci-thi- j ;; I j , r - w ? - - - - -- it-wa- e " 1 -- " self-possesse- d . . same-society- . iiniie-dini:err--and-tho- : ugh4e over-rule- d I self-relia- nt . - -- 1 me -- . . s 