' r litenry -. ' "r,the signincanceoi.sucu an auspicious puij-.- , ,lVCacnr along the broad hues of higher, t.. -: ,J1:il:CAC.-':'1,;?".- ! artistic. cuarming ..women, .in llectual. i. brilliant.' sentimonMi . iJ UilU were L the- - many celeb Mrs. Mary S. Gist ami Mrs. Kate. Tan- - ...!' 4 V.. J, ita women from dif I'm w r fn a l ? rc nsn5 . . u..w. t....h..w. "" v.. w and .capab, hues, the. human ut,,,; ,i(,s Sl)lil; contact w.th each other ,, a force m and the-- uh .no o Ijntty m 1W- i, e '" ,, Jinx uestlay evening rSuVt ' ami who sucii exalts Irtaste arid tact, one iVhmittec both wonders lion- it was ,.Mb!e for- so many with such marked individuality to read m" oA"er -- eVehrateTns ind .miiate so happily as ?V. ily niu!1 llollse fame stands ; Jy cmcrtaitlillk. It u,s ltflll cv. Hun" olrmT lllams Uion or coheres . a L m uh unmade her r .rmifmi .... x.. i t to ,v'f '..... uuenecmai wo- - ', anthropic enterprise for industrial women. dre : ot nngiuan.. rue: meeting to compare notes, methods of .Mrs. biclney Webb of England is. also - The Mothers' Congress which, was held and of discipline must very effectually vcr' ..Aousatoi'g these ;Jles MrsVebb's Jn the Asssnibly Hall in this W'l city commenc sjx'ech was 'How to do away with the ing June 30, and closing July ,2, was a enif lusize the movement and bring women to a understanding 01 eacn oilier, anu sweating system." Many young women complete success, and being the first of its work in this direction, Corinne M. Brown kind in the West demonstrated the'fact that. th lines of work along which all may ar-- , te and harmonious' and women still rive at a younger representing workT Western women are alive to the best interbe life. It must of human surely uplifting ing girls clubs of very large numbers, the ests and welfaie of the nation of which they the in in world motive moving a power history of which was unique and the young ire an important part. Eater we hop' to women an inspiration in their, presence, give a condensed account of the proceedinrmy ways and teaching the purer Miss Burkhardt, Miss Mathews,. Mrs. Keui-leof love. .Saints, ings, but our people, the Latter-day- . We are glad the proceedings are to 'be Miss Haas Miss Harrington. have ever been alive upon the question of The authors most notable and best known motherhood, and through the Council 'of "published in book form, for in no other way could an adequate idea be obtained of the were Miss Agnes Repplier, Mrs. Ruth Health and the Relief Society and other orMuch seed work entire good iiecomplished Stuart, Mrs. Kate Tannatt Woods gan izatiolis of a later date have been inculwill that whom 4cen the writer has known for ninny cating the knowledge and insisting upon has eventually spring jown beair rich 'am blossom' and' the .'fruit, years, and who is now sojourning for a the holiness of this, condition, and its mani-- ' up. time in this city, and who knew the- celebrcTulTrist" upon' the- waters will return in and responsibilities. of America women The brated time.. Dr. Oliver Wendell Holmes, Ralph may good th-decade Mrs. Clara B. Colby, editor of the Wo-- , into next forth Waldo Emerson look confidently and all those famous confor greater and better results than hereto- temporary celebrities. Some time soon we man's Tribune, Washington, D. C, has Darkness is fleeing away will giye our readers a sketch of her life been duly accredited to the war Departfore achieved. and the light of truth is bursting forth to J and work, and here we'must mention Miss ment as a correspondent for her paper. It Alice French (Octave Thanet)and Heleii M. is the first and only woman's paper to illumine the world. such a pas, and only five or. six woIt is utterly impossible to "tell it all," or Winslow, editor of The Club .Woman, the War even to mention the names of the grand '"official organ of clubs. When one comes to. men in all have been thus" favored: women who were present at the Biennial, -- newspaper women they were there from all corresoondents have, admission to the rnmns and to. the field, but" have to report at head names that carry with them so much meanparts of the country, a very Sue representation. In the world of art Mrs. Candace quarters and have their passes countering to those who know the individual women, aid therefore we can only say a word Wheeler, the most famous woman, and signed by the Geueral in command. Their Miss Anna Caulfiekl deserve special menor two of them and the great welcome expasses enable them to be included in artion. In education Mrs. Mary K. Mumford, rangements for transportation, etc., they tended to the Federation entire by the Denver people; we give in another part of this Mrs.. Harriet Heller,, and Mrs. Ellen M. Richardson and Mrs. Calvin S. Brice, in movements are subject to such restrictions paper the address of welcome of the eloas the commanding officers may impose quent Governor of Colorado which speaks the National University; of Mrs. Richardfrom time to time. in plain terms of their hospitality and magson we desiie.to .write later on. In Parlianificent generosity, and as the Governor of mentary authority Mrs. H. R.Shuttuck and Mrs. Margaret Blaine Salisbuiy invited over in the state so was the Mayor of Denver, and 'Ellen. Spencer Mussey, and looking the members of the George Washington in like manner the people of the city and 'the list one stands appalled at the long Memorial Association, to meet in her elegant. 1 in women of of names the retrion roundabout, distinguished 10 near .mis. rjien A ..v..-.. n 'im. a . i ne Richardson of Boston, president of the sociuanners, nags, nowers, piaius aim literature, art, science, reform and indus vines, with which Broadway theatre was trial' progress. ety, speak of the work from its ideal side, work creditable did sentidecorated were all suggestive of the The Utah delegation and also to present to Mrs. Richardson a Utah and ments patriotic and that was and made a good representation of the Utah work. " Mrs. Richsummary Anions" the organ- - came in for her share of honor, one memapparent on all sides. ardson gave us many facts, also many of her in the General directors of izatious that kept open house with all due ber of the board own beautiful thoughts upon the; Univer' B. Antoinette Kinney, sity side, and the great success already atFederation, Mrs. ceremony and courtesy and appropriate B. was Assoalso Mrs. Martha placed on tained and lief ardent hopes and aspirations Royle paraphernalia was the Equal Suffrage ciation, Press Association, Daughters .of the the Roll of honor of the G. F. ,W. C.,a dis for the future. Mrs. Labian read the relie Mrs.. Revolution , Dnmiditprs of the- American tinction which Roy rightly deserves, port, which was most encouraging. The n will certainly dignify. 'work appeals directly to the nation's honor she devolution and Colonial Dames, and served a position which It was a great source of satisfaction to the and to each loyal individual man, woman "tea, lemonade, wafers, candies etc. The elegant homes of several citizens were writer that a Southern woman was elected and child. Mrs... Richardson enters heart nrpidpnt of the Federation. Mrs. Rebecca and soul into' the work. opened for receptions where beautiful received and refreshments were served B. Lowe of Georgia, and we believe and On Friday, July 8,. 'Mrs. Sol. Siegel enterliberal in her Uv other women will be en nail v as "nrettv and fel 'assured tained in her lovely home a lunch pafty of f work in rkefW views and vns-oartv magnanimous Garden gracefulthen iouneen lauies to meet uer guesi, hss whole-soulegiven by the Press in charming private and prove herself a genuine, Grace Carew Sheldon of Buffalo, N. Y. groimds with fine music and tables ..under leader for all sections of this free country. The. whole place was a bower of fragrance the trees most a the enjoyflowrers, among and beauty, from the clematis at the doorway " NOTES. able place to meet friends, .EDITORIAL acquaintances through the entire suite of rooms opened or strangers,-peoplfrom north, south, east and west, really it wTas all to much to beMiss Sarah E." Hunt of Boston, were unique, sw7eei peas in uaiiuy ounenes of the one was D R.', lieve and one can the of can half only say "the tied with colored ribbon lay at each place,' never be told," even though one tries to visitors' to our city from' the Biennial and also a card with the name, 1 flower of ,. remember." There were Trolley rides, ex gave a little talk informally to a few ladies diminutive size anda line which indicated oae cursions to erardens and oarks. the . dong in this office Friday at ternoon, juiy 1. xvnrk r fKo icnucx :uuu,Cui. US meainugaim A a cApiccu . u us anu v. ima guuu gave Us riae around the Loop ail 4nis center of the table a large quaint rauch more and three meetings a day, Why and mttch hoIesbnKdjdce to bowl of e most beautiful sweet peas and -v' ea , auu uuu, rewe bne.is.an as , Utah, to of it think indicated that tjgues one, b . . perfeet fl only Q m , : ana has a cnarmmg meer how delightful it all was. it q( triotism prevailed even " Ve shall never be able to tell what j much to the listener s interest. .i . c Knv 1 - ,mt ; . th-vdid- f 1 - T - ; - I :. 1 Se 1 . 1 1 1 IT . - -- 4 b-ti- er monr-coniple- soul-les-s-- r. r, M4e-Ene- ry - fold-dutics-obligat- e . le-cei- ve . -- - - ar-ra- y 1 . T 1 T i. 1 1 -iCrrHi-ctiec-trnu i . large-hearte- d wo-cie- j n . i i d - e vice-preside- nt : rl j , j1,vr i -F- , -- . ; . , 1 . 