WOMAN'S KXPONENT. , MoilfiV ! "Welcome often hear tl.e sisters testif)- - of .niracfe; Margaret O; Brown.- Sintfintf u nen wc tunic of all crood meetings." R'adintf of 4; and things 01 tne past. t t of omitted..1'hercTi oilr toccirs-ranno? Mtvi Ave viiil;!f)!v ....... t v.L:; :;?t.S r ii ili'i .;.intf.o ihi i'-- ' s ... ., .villi . :fal d v;!csires.to.dp gutf, of thoscTpJeve have - y ..v tluM.Mi-t ad dune of healings and other things ! not cViWv, " "out tah. in . ,kird those things 'that occurred years ago' IjliH niefViifc Sinn; tin; 'otablihm. nt of of the carriage ".Ahc thought about so many Said she would like to talk longer but did 2MCa inL'K ae'ou!it.s. people dyin;; ..by' accidents- lately, not Wish to trespass on the time. oflirother Lyman had fold her that her time our Tlie ,!;lu-- of Utah Sister Kli.abeth Stevenson spoke' ir niM L'lnd to was She 'w? very nntmimMtt; eniniN-wiiiiiofi aiM) are we ' liiiVi wi; whose sisters teachings dear, aged ti o'lt ti savings accounts m 'if on have Sister Zina and Sister Kimball with . name, uljrct lp their oyn onji-rsaid that jjav'(! soTiiethiiK'' us and hoed , fl d r would ho k 0f the prophet turn- i od j iif!i an It meeouuti .,,; u;i These meetings would "strengthen us. or woman." She had visited HI!'' N'W. key iug.the were organized that we might speak one to Sevier' and Tooele Stakes and felt thankful c' j.ay lTVi: Ii:i: (i:xt LV. another and rot be afraid, this is tire work for the good sisters in those places. Bore a TLKKST on anc amount iwui ,'. Inr thotisumls. and com tt of God, we are his children, we are here to strong testimony and said" many good un-- . lutcrc.--t four tune.- - a vear. and be to" bodies clean, our pure keep things. WKITK ftjranv information .desired spotted from the world. We need to get Go'biel com- said the. that Home Sister spiritual food, live our religion and keep Wiu t)in) iooiirFi l'Mt. prehends everything that is. good and true, the commandments of God. M. CaMii,-!in our (ii:oij.:;i: We, we have C.x.v...v, religion. everything Sister Brown often thought what blesshave women anion", us who Jo not wish to Main St n et. ings we enjoyed and that these meetings attend spiritual meetings. The women of were a great blessing to the .sisters, spoke . As Tor those should be at of her labors in the Temple and said her are all right in inruxrLruxru innn rr ruin f mnnruiaar ana heart was full of joy and thankfulness for outside organizations they we shmild not desire to their plate. n 11 nnir 5 her many blessings niinnT inr of 'the Church. Nh HA Lh A Hhh J NHUK Sister Smith wis glad to see Sister spread out beyond the pale i Sister benediction and by Mary Young and Stater Kimball and hoped that P. Singing, Silver. Sister Home might recover entirely from (In lilt-c- July 17, famshenor her her accident. Said neither Tra'r.s arrlro anJ depart at Salt LaVo City Minutes of Ladies' Sun-dameeting ily ever went on pleasure excursions on us follows: daily held in the 14th ward. Assembly hall, July V" r Aiinirz. Fror-St. Ixu! M. Cl!c:i;d. Home I. President Omaha, 16, 189S, presiding. we Sister Pixtou thought might serve l'ark City iin:i t.'ity, louver, n 3 10 pm and ' the Lord one day in the week, we might Singing ?'Come, come ye Saints." Prayer U lena. Hutt Vrvu Saa l'ortland. C. Cannon. Clara Singing "'Mid Odeu and JnltTmod-!at- f prepare our food on Saturday and do less by 8 S5 am of confusion." President scenes Home7 po'.nU a .should We .vjt good cooking on Sunday. , Fruiu Sm Oacho Valley laid before .the sisters the advisability of. L'tli n and iiitoriii tll.ito points. 7 t p m example for our chiiduu and neighbors. I ri :u vhlcnco, omnho, bt IxjuIs. l;iti-aSister Kimball had. once counseled the sis the Society getting up an excursion to t'itv. Oftiror and O'dea 3 13 a :a Froia Frisco. Mllford. Sanpete. Mr. Meakin was Saltan". present and preters to take time to read, and .she had folKur.'iva, ilarntiiotii. Silver 6 liminary arrangements were made tor the City and lowed the advice and had taken much pleaspm Mixi-from Icrinliius, irain affair. and Church .works.. 00 ure TucH.'loaud Garfield Beaoh i pra pipers The minutes of the previous meeting Sister Imtaa Wright bore her testimony DEPAKT. - and said that it was the first time that she were read and approved. Tor Chic.ii'o, Ornaha, Denvnr, had spoken here. iy. SU luis, Oo'dou and 7 00 an President Home said she was re..'infr i'ark City... Tor Sun Francisco. Oifden, Cache Sister Steel thought it was time for her stronger and better every day, lei' hat it Valir-- and intfrmr-diatpoints. 8 C5 am to sKak. She never enjoyed other meetFi r Ojrdtn, IVnvt-f- , Kansas City. was one of the miracles, of these latter days. Oa,ali.i. M. IsOuU, Chicago, and ings as much as these, we always have a We could enjoy more of these miracles if we 5 23 points pa reason she was the .to this liked Portland ?ydpr. Isutto, Hidona, good spirit, lived for them, for our' religion contained 3 an i5 Fr.in.'isto u','i pa come. We should do the Lord's business everything both for this life aui the Fit Mrrcnr, Kurcka. Silrfr Hty, l'ruro, .Ncphi. anpete, Mi Tori, first then we will be blest of the Mothers'' Congress, Spoke 'ni juifrrct'uiawj poima i ju a m i.iimh tMixi-Stater Ann Hardy said s'x had' never said there was much thaMyas said that was tra n f..r Oartield JJeach. 7 4j a m 'lH. f and U'criaiuuiJ.... of the organization of the ' i raiuf Mjutii of Juab run ffaITyITpt" Spoke eloquent. from .Mexico, she always came here to Church, quoted aj saying "of the Prophet ll)uily Sunday. meeting when she could. She came to this Joseph, also of the Savior in which women ir ni'nr valley in early days, ;had seen the varied bore a very prominent part. Many of the had the people gone through! sayings of the prophet reminded her of the changes t st Sexotid South streoL Kci,U'0 Na J. Bore a faithful testimony. Tt'.ephoii.; Savior's. an.J so amshlp Tickets oa sale Kaiimad D." II. Young said it was now Sister Zina toail parts o' t!u world. Sister Julia Sampson te; titled God heard 1'uliiiian I'alace i ar ticket ofBoa since these years thirty meetings and answered nearly I). K. HURLEY, even as He had prayers, were organized by President Young. We Gen. l'ais. aud Tiekut Aerent. Exhorted' all to be faithful and . F. W. FCCLE.s. come he.re to get spiritual food; we are one; promised. Gonoral TraE3o Manaarer. humble. Vr. li. BANCUUl we have the Holy Ghost with us and we T, and Can. MAnnwr President Home said she to to heaven. wished, are learning Our imappreciate children know when we attend to our press upon the' people to lift up their hearts tnjxrnrLruiruxrmrinnjtnjii duties. We should pray to have our. metric in thanksgiving to God for., the victory of ories strengthened and that we may never our soldiers, said it is an unknown thin in be ungrateful for the blessings we enjoy. history, also that God would preserve our sons who had gone forth to battle. We have to. make "sacrifices. She had Felt had that God was in the conflict. meeting the few. present-whSister Julia C. Howe spoke of a lecture braved the storm to get here. Removed to 48 and 50 Main St, Kimballwas Sarah Sister glad to. be she had attended two weeks ago today in Said it was love that prompted us the Logan Temple, in which the here subject to blessher and the sisters. The first was the gathering of the Tews. SALT LAKE CITY. grand organization of women was intro".Remarks were made by Sisters Mary L duced by he Prophet Joseph Sihitlv-thMorris, Barnes and Bassett. ' re' blessing that have come to women marks were made by President Closing great The Home who " have been through him; "eventually.' thev said she would like every Society preidf-n- t will give credit where credit is due."' Spoke to act as a committee so that.our ... . I ., r t f a! 01 me uigu.m.aiiuus uiyvumtu, 01 imcretia might be a success. , Monday excursion August 1 ' Mott, the present Motliers' Congress and was decided as the upon day. their work. "Have we liVed up to our adMeeting for two weeks Sinir adjourned . vantages? I do not often get to meeting, Benediction nig, Doxqlogy. by E.T. Webb. yhen I do I go hungry to beNkl. We Zina H. Bull, Sec. , .7 n - ft : y , - i j tf-stif- y - . , - .- -. t r : r.?.': t - i r 1 - - j f t 1 i ? 'QVaT. tarvC? , i - j - - j ln-rm- - w art-u- j MM . . j I 1 - . ' j I . j I the-head- Z-io- n j rn 1 1 1 ww w V w www w w w& t Semi-monthl- y y. j . i . , - s I'rp-v- o, iaU'ruK-dlatotvoInts..- .. CO ' in-readi- Kan-fa- s o itilcrta.--Kjtt- IY-- r here-afte- r. ! " . . . en-joye- d o - . . e 'Leading Retail I . ... I , . : t - -- Oash case 