o 1 WOMAN'S fur the "Exponent." ' Outtothe jyeit Ileyond, A VISION. hum' .. ; g'' ,rvad 0uia ' ' -- - 'Hut ho Vnd t!. deair Or do ? spread--- , .....sua's red noonday rays: I like the , . . !, out for thine. Breathless 1 fyisr-a- w ich his s ' , For have seen the Lord the Lord I . ! ! as. movements, ! cross; a H Oakland, Cal., June see i vnr At nn UTAH VOLUNTKFRS. the light on apace, When he turns to retrace his footsteps, and the Savior's face Aye! this is the' Lord, who mine eyes have seen ! flies And " adored, Heed-- a ever-gf the officer in close pursuit. The guard told the officer to halt but he thought he was the law, but before you could wink he was taken to the guard house and locked up for the night. Whilst one of the ! . .. ! . But never more w i!e oa the And now I know ,se i of time, Will my heart forget the vision; bu sing of its ! nNV spWmf Iy t rone. s, -- . gaze on the heaven?, as with speed he moves along, Away to the mountain northward, whose peaks stand the c ouds among. Tis not uf earth, cry such glory is not s uelt " . Spell bound known, ! . 1 . - him the good, change underclothing and no shoes, absolutely destitute, but tl reflected ill.it; scintillates like flashing-gemhave supplied every want and . I feel .sure .. by the night. San Francisco will be remembered" when In clouds it gathers 'round this house, 'fur the other things are forgotten. Lord has entered th re; There are many funny things happen out rapture thrills my being through O, Savior at camp. One of the boys commuted a hear my prayer misdemeanor and a policeman took after O'er . wjelnied with weakness, tnv hands reach him, but the soldier ran into a tent with ' be. ' is the light, 'The brilliance of the scene, bick d by the sombre banks of night, Rebts my eyes, then quickens m pulse, 'tis such a g'orious sight. Suddenly a form appear , a glorious one l.see, A crown of dazzling sp'e dor, on his head appears to ' badges I " and -h,- ed . While brighter yet it grows ..... ; Agratvul.balm it proves to me, that quiets my wearied brain; of joy, or Forgetful of all tint disturbs my heart, .which As for baths, Mir. lo(jk I like-hurnish- ' i they were washed. will tvtn'pmhof tllC'V ... breeze, the flutter; of sorrow, or pain, rest. When slowly a light appears, o thoughtful gaze, off" when otic people of San Francisco and Oakland Moro i. full had made arrangements to mmnlv--.sight; And the heavens ah ve wit' blaze, faraway"1 SfJ1lier with a badge, his name and countrv go'y is dark-eyeand state engraved upon it, to be Night! placed In the angel's hand his a buckskin and worn uPn gleauii. string around 'trumpet shining the ned;, their theie were flannel hold;. bandages And o'er his face expression change-th- en and tvcrv comfort with 're bags tiling that soldiers need, where they have no wondrous to behold. mother or wife near. 'I list to hear the ul suiind, waited for so joy ' K very body has been very busy here and lung, are it hard at feed to this army of men as Aiin uncing Christ's icturn to earth, c' anted by it is a they arrive, very big undertaking, the heavenly throng; so and of the many Hut to mine eyes he's 'ost to view companies came with descending out even a of null's wings? , to me, as it murmurs seems Asletrpyhreeze.it ' y anions the trees;' Window p tne,soothes Whose bougl;st:atessing my my frei with ease. I - A cloud of" glory o'er it re s s . ' and men . cluing their own washing A whole month's wash would consist .of one shirt, one towel and three pairs of socks with the heels rubbed bo'ys' ! ' . irs in every passing .'T porrtnd;benp;and'i!5.th mr. Anil oli, those 'a- - s- " And Le "' . J ' ' whose heart with you chant the lovetV joy, rapture in , ' sing"?, Iifi though' " , and the alloy. the trees, do you Oh breeze as you stir anions tdl us of a prayer? Or ('o yon a!t me Mgu ui wc, uuui. aunnt.ii, with the twelve thousand men here, royally. Tliev h.1V he(Mi rf tlr. nitv ic fir rfV"! -Uncle Sam iron kl terhi i t ftlifo-t')'" firward to those they expect to get. They seem to think they are on a picnic a blanket,. and lie except when they. roll in -. miuA..ui me gi.ii;io j ins eye upon yn iLue sanu.J ir. astcea a ot mend mine it He me beam-"., had auallumium badge; he said "No, what Ad through my bcing'su.chjjiusic swells, ihimr !s ' lt!or softly, "So you can with radiance gleams, , be identified if should happen." is'w!y back he turns ' his lay, to where. the The tears cameanything into his eyes and he said. Temple stands; "Oh they ran identify me, but When o'er the spire he pans nothing will thinks of one happen to me." Then he inauired about 'not mule by earth y hand,. the and .1 told " ' r we've town. . uf theworlJ, the grand, Ray World, to ' ' .'.f life and joy; a of the depths of human woe, the gold f.ji' teVrV ! -- think un- - hou-Ii - I bounds' to us Hit- - mine eyes htli-Jthe Lord, I have not flight in vain, Nor called forming clouds were dark ' upon his holy name. I sense such love lit fore IV! never known how insignificant that h ems;.' So called by us, who walk life's way, anil only see in dreams. to-tfi- e setting sun. wind's soft murmuring song, is home Only tiaon the ambient air; 'VhaV n..;sing I sit and ponder lo g, on the fate 0f;;ii things fair. ' Jrer ; of peacf as s in vales 11 o-n- X -- KXl'0..VEN7. 14, 1S98. Fditor Exponent: "Perhaps some of your readers would like to hear from the brave soldier boys who so gallantly offered their services to their country and who arrived several weeks ago; I went across the bay to see those boys - groaned upon the . yielded up his precious life, our souls to ' cleanse from dross. Myheirtbeat oa so painfully, yet joyful is its com-mni- i 1 ' was drillingO in double rnnVIr firm th Captain fell info a gopher hole and as each man came on he tell till fifty, were, puled there, hvery day there is something funny and I am glad they do have a good happens ' You would hardly expect it on time. $13 00 per month salary, but they don't have to treat either a lady-- or a gentleman. If a soldier goes out with a lady she pays for everything and is lionored to do it. Ten soldiers got on the car when I did and a wealthy girl paid their fare, and that is the If the war don't do way it is all the time. another thing, it has made us all more aild has brought, patriotic and closer us all together. I am proud of the and I am proud of the Utah volunteers boys and of the people who provided for them so liberally that it has been commentI only hope ed upon a number of times. an have will they opportunity to distinguish themselves at Manila. They are the only artillery company; that came and the only cavalry company so that they a hit, let us hope so. My heart sail them to. '.as. out theyaway, let us goes hope they may all return safe. i v J. v whom the papers said were the finest equip Forndwlknow my Savior lives, whom I, have ped, the most'highly educated and the best specimens emanhood that loved b long. . had volunteered for Uncle Sam. Oft have pondered on the theme, and longed : The city of tents was located on the Bay his fa;eto see, District race track, adjoining Golden Gate Who paid the price for fal enman," to dwell with and in full Tie w of the ocean, where ptf-k .God eternally. they had the full benefit of the cold fogs Havesoa.'in to picture in my mind, his form, his that greeted them every day and their softdovi;;.; eye, : Utah artillery had ; est bed was sand. ' I prayed that one I loved, might saved decidedly the best of any of the regiments, - nor die for they had a whole block to themselves ' too, I've wept that now on earth, I could not with cannon in the center and tents around touch his garment's hem the edge, whilst the others were .packed Neuje. Nor plead as- did the one of old, the tide of death closely." to stem.-v..' The Utah boys with their vvar accouMiss Clara Barton with a staff of twenty Or tfjat his trements sailed for Manila: this morning hand some boon might granf.my heart so thousands turned "out to cheer them and Red Cross assistants reached Cuba early madly craved; from Key West-o- n And thm wish them a pleasant voyage arid a safe re- this week. my grief to see go out, the life he could of Texas. : ' have saved turn. The California people, have7 treated the steamer State : self-denyin- alto-geth- er -- : : - . : -- . ... IV " g, e may-mak- . b- . - --" - She-saile- ! ' ' es d 