WOMAN'S EXPONENT. H tle.war problem; ""US from the Lift' -- in are b n vi foff VbW'W:& .oil; . .. l'?&3M'Kiu' l f jf taiie.lupuu to bear our share of the burden. - wreat t? Vu'il,cxin'iiiTevsv of najibnal imp6rtancx,vii make qlieiio:i ouelves aopminted with historical facts. - KDlTORIAlJ NOTES. e observe in of-Ul- ""conference ber of a thispaPer utritlon notes of 'Relief Society' StalTe in ale s ttolast numwhereJ5 rr Hid wic TiiK frr Hu ' date. Qne of our widowed sisters who has to support herself-i- making by hand neat sun. "bonnets, very pretty :vik1 serviceable and is anxious to dispose of them, they are suitable for school children or for smaller ones, playing out doors and for the girls and women rusticating in the mountains or in the or for outdoor' . country elsewhere or fruit gathering. , The sister lives at 233 B. St. at Brother L. A. Wil- rect s ' flowcr-gatdemn- . son's. -- ... .' g .. J. Stevenson visited the Sisters' Society conference at Morgan Stake Siter K.. Relief and President , Louie Felt of the Primary was present at the Primary conference, also Both conferences were .Sister Slevensoli. well attended and the spirit and feeling is reported as being excellent, the people re-icing" a s elsewhere throughout the State in having an abundant harvest of grain. v ji It was our good pleasure to attend the Sisters' Relief Society conference of Malad .Stake oil the 13th and 14th of this month. Meetings were held at West Portage, commencing with the Relief Society, Saturday at 10 a. m., Mrs. Eucinda Hoskins presid- at 2 p. m.f and at o'clock, the Relief Society conference adjourned for three months. The subjects dwelt upon were industry, silk raising included, economy in the household, saving grain, reading the Book of Doctrine and Covenants in their meetings, annual meeting of each Society iu the Stake where yearly reports are given, necessity of keeping correct records, and many other important matters. The Young Ladies' conference which opened Saturday evening was presided over by President Elvira A. Harrison and a short but good program rendered, after which subjects Suitable to the young peoPresident O. C. ple were spoken upon. Hoskins was present at both the conferences alsu his counselors, and spoke briefly and The followencouragingly to the sisters. ing morning at 10 a. m. the Y. X. conference had other exercises rendered by the .young sisters in a very creditable manner. ing. Another meeting the close, perhaps 5 5 - The Primary conference was held in the afternoon after the sacrament had been administered. President Emma H. Halford presiding,, assisted in the rendering of the program by President Philene Hall of the in West Portage. The children acquitted themselves admirably and observed excellent order. They sang Beautiful Zion: recitation by littleJohn R. -Giblssinging, Hold fast the Iron Red, by Tillie McCrary, Naomi Gibbs, Rhoda Anthony and Margaret Gibbs; ' reading 'from Editorial Juvenile" Instructor, Thoughts, Leona Zundell; recitation, little. XaFayette Young, Keep on Trying; ques- local association nritf . ,V-- i:'"" -- ; ()f TfKfn1i Smith 'VI o e,.:4.. -I- wa$all that could three little iiirtskiwvUw.Tts:; ' heaveil we hallow Thv nrnne Vtr It wtt n beautiful sight and well rendered; song, 0, my Father, by Matilda McCrary, Annie J. and Kitea Harris, Annie Hall, Eeona Zundell, Reba Heatou and Ruby Merrill, 'and accompanied on the organ,; recitation; Who Made the Stars? little Azell McCrary; song, Annie J. Hall and Eliza Harris. About forty children took part in the exer- 'A' ..-".- r.. J joT :.,.. if. Ud- icd - , inure, the V of lmportance sustaining the Exponent when they learn that the Woman's Department of the. great Exposilion'at Hague has solicited a complete file of the papers to be sent them from its publication in iSyj; but feeling what that woulj mean to prepare all the volumes and send them such a distance, we prepared two books, one containing the entire volumes of 25 and 26 ' from June 1896 to June "189S also one cises, ... book containing, a few miscellaneous numThe women "of the State arc doubtless bers from each of the 26 volumes. These aware that there are important political were bound in soft leather with gilt letmatters pending, in which they are equally tering and sent by mail to Dr. Aletta H. interested with men and that ome attention Jacobs who has charge of this department. should be given to the vital points at issue; We also forwarded one copy of our poems Dr. Jacobs as agitation increases, questions present, "Musings and Memories," iu themselves that one had supposed would response says.she feels they should have never have been considered, and yet they had the complete set of the papers and cannot be thrust aside when once broached. that we must prepare them for ' the The Primaries come first and it is there'the World's Exposition in Paris in 1900. We mischief is usually concocted, if women hope the sisters will, not feel after .this would attend the Primaries in goodlynum-ber- s that the "Exponent" is of little or no conthere would not be so' favorable an op. sequence. Iortunity for accomplishing evil designs. It is the dutv of those who can tro to be IN' MEMO RI AM." present at the. Primaries and see to it that MANSON J ESSE WOODWARD. good men and women are sent as delegates to the Conventions. At Kansas City, Mo., on thexeveninjr of iS -- v.)JJ I -- . - Jti'y r" Manson Jes.se Woodward, after a long illness entered into rest, aged seventy-seveyears' . 111 I J .4 tx.tl r . irwli 0't"A i sitiOht: Iw.rt l IlL Hl'illll CICI V i, i.UIIJ njll.ll h.un Worcester Co., Mass. Impressive funera services were held .at the house Wednesday 20 burial in Mount Vernon, at Atchison, Kansas' iScyS, Among the schools, academies and colleges perhaps the one in the city that' de- serves special notice is me leaner day Saints College. It is an institution under the direction of the Church as the name imTenderly folded in mother earth's breast, plies and deserves the patronage of the peoAll Jiat is mor'al is now laid to lest; ple iu whose interest it was founded and is Long Puff, ring thro' day, watching t"ro' night Ne'er more can trouble the worn spirit's flight. maintained, hooking over the Catalogue - life's fitful dream, from the border-lanOut be to it seems fortie year thoroughly equipInto life infinite where peace reigns supreme. ped for its purposes in every department of Faith points away from the sod, school work. .. .Willard Done D. B., Ph. B., To foul's. release with a merciful God. President, stands high among men of learnL. M. H. ing and in the community, and the other teachers are well qualified for the departments to which they are assigned. ' The FOREIGN LETTER. jBtjard-uf-T- r tistees-of- -t he col lege and the- Church Board of Ivducation for this Stake Malaela, Samoa, July 8, 189$. are all responsible men of merit and good Editor Woman's Exponent: ability and know how to conduct educational affairs for the youth of the people and So little you hear of Samoa and so many of the land. Elders have been here proclaiming the GosThe Relief Society of this Stake had an pel and our mission has been organized outing at Saltair on Monday, August r, eleven years, during that time there have President been one hundred and nine missionaries, so and a very enjoyable time. Woodruff and President George Q. Cannon we are now a thoroughly organized mission. honored the sisters of this charitable organ The manners and customs of this people are ization by their presence and also President different from ours, and the mode in which Angus M. Cannon and Counselors JosXE.-Taylo- we are compelled to proclaim the Gospel so and C. W. Penrose and others,. departing from the usual method, I thought eletter might be of interest to you and the Sifter Zina D. H. Younsr was one '' ' party and many other noble and venerable .readers of the Exponent. Myxjtiusband and I left Mauti Sep. 9, women of the Church, Sister M. I. Heme foYva mission to Samoa. We de president, and her aids, as well as all the 1897,. nrpsidents of the wards in the city and parted frouivSau Francisco Sep. 10, 1S97, in making! on the steamerxMariposa, all our IClders go coifnty rendered efficient-aiine exercises secOnd class. - Tne. accommodations on .the the Stake party were' such as could be seen principally, Mariposa are not very good on account of dancing, and recitations by' John P.Meakhi, the second class apartments having been He gave transformed from steerage" rooms, but the who could be heard fairly well. Sheridan's Ride, Sunshine and Drake's' same class on, some of the other vessels is President Woodruff verr much improved. Sep. 23, we an-- , Address to the Flag. favored the ladies, with remarks upbn the chored at Honolulu where we raetV Elders wrho escorted us to the Society which were greatly appreciated. Hill and Ahlstrom, Those who in any way assisted may feel Mission house where we had dinner, chatcompensated in the results of the under- ted about Zion and our voyage. Honolulu with taking socially and financially and to those is truly a picturesque city adorned At 2 p. m. we who' helped on the program- the heartfelt lawns, flowers and palms." Our voyage ..was thanks of the President herself and the en- - again raised anchor, n T w i d (lower-decke- d r of-th- 4 - ' a-suc- cess. . ,: - 