WOMAN'S EXPDNFN -- V s ft t i i a ' . .Vol. U. V. She Silk Industry. t C Ruth I M. Fox, Helen V. he Empress of Austria The Marthas and Marys Dilbhur. f Kimbal. ' Dedication Society Reports In Memoriam of a Granary at Mill Creek Frances II. Hanson. Stand hy American Principles May Wright y Ladies Meeting Lydia D. Re-lie- Se-Wall- Semi-Monthl- Notes and News. A'der, Act. Sec. Editorial: nouncement. Poetry: Po:ceio' better fat Home, the Siaie and '"Only a Girl" A. E. N. R. Evolution ONl.y An- Red Ruby Lamont. A GIRL. UV MRS. A. E N. K. the door carefully, muflle the tread, Drop the white curtains 'round the white bed; Close let not a breatli Awaken her slumber, hark ! there's a tread, Nearer and nearer approaching the bed; Manly his bea'ing yei noble his mien; Low! he bends the fair sleepers between; 1 "I must have been dreaming," she said with' surprise, I thought that a cold hand of iron touched my heart, "While hard, cruel words like a. poisonous dart, Pierced my soul to-thcore; I sprang for my babe ! wrre.the wordi heard said, Elmer! that voice was like thine; 1 spare me ! once waimly clasped mine, called me more precious than ruby or' . f pearl, And yet, it was when I was only a girl ! If a girl i, thus dear, then the mother and wife To every true man is as dear as his life !" She clasped her cold hands o'er her hot throbbing brow The blood had all rushed to that citadel now; Then her words, quick and scath ng, burned into the soul ! . As you ." " Emotion swayed reason beyord her control "Its only a girl !" O man in thy strength, Know that God measures souls their not their length; " by : depth , over miles of fair earth, 10 proud ship of worth; . A man may hold kingdoms, and nations control; What is that to the birth of one beautiful soul ?" The germ in your strong arms, unfolded with care, May, like Harriet Hosmer or Rosa Bonheur, Move th - world by With This Uo'y of Holies this migjmcst dower? D.re to scoff at the sex in which lies this power ? Ah, where were the Monarchthe Puke and the Earl, Had not each a mother-on- ce "only a tirl !" And whence came thy being, and all the proud, van I & 15, Xos. 1S9S. 10. in every house that has" a boy ten years old to gather the leaves, thiswould give the sum 'of $i,6So,ooo yearly. I trust this statement will appeal so strongly to all that they will not allow' this golden opportunity to pass unheeded and thus prevrt employment to hundreds of You marshalled in battle ? man yes every oi;r sons and daughters. We have quality r.e magnet that .ed them througn storm anil what we want is nuantilv to encourage ' S through .strife, capital to establish mills. Was a mother, a sifter, a swtfieart. or wife, President Young predicted tha.t this Each closely eithrined in his heart like a pearl; would yet become one ;f the greatest in- And yet eacli fair image was "only a dustries of the country, and the experience girl!" It was only a girl that Deity chose of the present year has proven the truth of To incarnate the Christ; the story in prose his words. down the like stars Not otdy so, but once engaged in good,, bweeps through ages through the nighf, earnest it becomes fascinating, as I have To illumine the world with its God given light. learned from my own experience, having It was onjy frail woman that wept at the tomb, and produced in my own house thirty-seveAnd talked with the when Jesus.had gone; a half pounds of cocoons this season, which Ajyl woman that bore the glad tidings to man netted us $9.30 in bounty alone. ThatChrist, the Beloved, had risen again. There were only two ' of us to do the. Go to the reeking' battlefields of yore housework and the additional labor of atAnd read the records writ in human gore, tending the worms was without hired he!p. Of wonnn's valor, mercy, courage, love, I wish to add a caution about building And poin' me to one name that's carved above Build out 'so scaffolding against a wall. The name f woman i such ('eeds as these, that you can pass around, and be sure to And I will pray to heaven on bended knees, commence to hatch the eggs not later than That every child henceforth may be a boy; the last week in April.Our bounty to s'ix That every father's heart may leap with jov. "families in Springville this season was But ere in sc")rn you breath "only a girl !" 40.00. lest aside cast the For further information apply to Mrs. Look, you greater pearl. Selected. Margaret A. Caine, secretary of the Silk Commission, also the pamphlet of the commission. These are reliable guides. All THE' SILK INDUSTRY. books and eggs are gratis. Kvery countyr one hundred raising pounds of cocoons is Sl'KINGVIlXE I.iJTTK K. entitled to a person to teach them how .to t Ages have demonstrated that immense reel silk. KUZAjIIvTII- Packakd. wealth has bt;en produced by sericulture. The Chinese and Japanese date back thou irrr sauds-oyears the existence of this wonder A few words in regard to the silk indus ful industry Which has furnished the most costly and ornamental clothing the try of this country might be of interest to world has ever worn, tven royalty itself your readers. During the early, part of adornits costliest ows its richness of attire, this year Miss Horrocks of halt Lake City, ment to a worm 'so lbrbidding to some of under the direction of the Utah S.ilk Lorn- our more refined ladies, as to become, repul- mission, taught fifteen married and twenty- sive to the sight, to- say nothing of the one unmarried lauies wrno iook a course in touch. And yet this worm is the producer reeling the silk upon the half dozen Japanese reels recently purchased from Japan. of all the silk in the world. a moment the The most of them were delighted with the single Only imagine for its from' removal work and made rapid progress, destruction of this insect, familoss to a the attire Last spring there were twenty-siearth forever, and what of the World this would be. No more silk lies engaged in silk culture in the county. The product so far reported amounts to dresses, no ribbons, silk necktie or Countless millions of wealth three hundred and sixty-fou- r pounds of These when reeled will make would be cut off and the occupation of cocoons. millions of workers. Now I hope to arouse about ninety pounds of reeled silk. A good reelercan reel'this silk at the rate an interest in every reader of he "Exponents for this great industry, by submitting of half a pound per day. Withiu the last year we have had about ninety yards of figures and facts. Presuming upon the number of forty silk woven; it was not of the best quality thousand families in Utah and that each owing to thedack of experienced weavers, we family raises only t wenty pounds of cocoons,-Th- we are pleased to say, however, that bounty alone on this would be $5.00 to hive now secured the services of a skillful each family, which means $200,0 o to the weaver, and we hope in the near future td State in bounty alohe;but let us carry fhese have some silk that we. can put before th. figures further. Twenty pounds of cocoons market. There are a great many mulberry trees Id produce four pdunds of reeled silk, set-- , which at four dollars a pound means in St: George, and in most of the Dixie family; ,.1. $840,000 to tlements there are a great ji.ianyJjLeYmaRe to , each $2 .00 In But if each family should rapfd growth for shade trees. the State. 7 which can be done St. George Miss 1 IIprrocks": estimated; pre duce forty pounds, . ls i - f - x pocket-handkerchie- f. . The streamlet may wind Yet bear on its bosom ". UTAH, OCTOBER - the frail floweret with womanly care, ! Breathlessly gazing, his lips part in prayer No! there's a chill in ihe a bient air, Each word falls distinctly and painfully slow. Curdling anil freezing the blood in its flow; "Its only a girl?" a hush as of death For a moment suspended each listenei 's breath ; n the pause the pale sleeper uplifted her eyes angels CITY. 1 Lifts 'Its only a girl !' And Eimer! Oh i . an-e- with death; ! - n A pale mother's sleeping, aye give her rest, Seethe. fresh rosebud uponjier white breast. She has struggled with pain, she has wrestled Her's is the victory ." ... thrNaueii. . 1 The General Conferen.e. Editoria Notts. Tape-Se'ec- ted That hand a SAU JA 2 CONTENTS: Act. Sec! v T 4 " . 1 - r 1" ft " 1 " . - their art. or lull it to rest poesy's magic, and balm of the blest. ThemissionTof motherhoodT Man do you dare -- ith sneers stain of e w-o- u 1 1 