WOMAN'S EXPONENT, 44 of theChure!i nA Sketches of President Woodruff's life selor in the presidency have beeu written by some of our ablest. ..awUiiVPwr-smal- l Liiiwi, .paper .it is imio.ssi-, - precious life that hun.ji'iil atidtfiAfc:' ... . ... 1.11 caic-inursing coiua iiccompiisu. ble to dojustice. to the. remarKauie V i.'M-pyXPre.siden rfx.-.-';-- " I.S t st .V,V ff ;' j mtlU), ptSiS'nud private if one .whose. days have alter w r'wfr in mim'slmi incidents ami ana an. vSxt.Sitit Like City, tW& l WJ without 4 charpain, sinking into a child, pareutly .......... replete in experiences of an eventfirl it:;.u ,: one c.ojjv on? yew, ji.w. oc vuyj . from which he never woke slumber deliv-like ij uua lor clubs. City p ipers acter. ts. S t rte by m i.l, cxtr lor po!t;;e one ytir, c$ ct. is , of Puritan but entered into that world of spirits 4' - Woodruff President ! A Ivrrti r.ttrs: Rich sju.irc, trn lines of and was born which he so often spoke while here, and descent of di?-- . English A literal lineage 3 v f sp. :o.'i3 Sjo; per month, Hartford where he anticipated so much joy and cnt r.'j-i- irr f. Room. 20 3 Teror.letorfi South Tem- March 1, 1807, inofCounecticutt innow in meeting with those famous and called Lot. in Co., Farmington, thejown hoars From io a, rn. to 5 p. m. every ple siren. H were among the first worthy men renowned, in the Church, with forefathers '' his Avon; Sur.d y, so many 'years in i'y, :AC'pl settlers in Hartford county. He inclined whom he had 'labored Ad itcs til ta.ir.cvs communications to the interests of Zion and carry, to be religious from his boyhood but did promoting PUJJUSHliK WOMAN'S EXPONENT, to the nations of the earth. not become connected with any of the mg the Gospel Salt Lake Cirv, Utah. chinches until he heard the Gospel of the There is every reason to believe his ncep. tion would be a glorious and magnificent Enttrtl Jf tht .' it 0:e in Sif Iaif Cty, Ut ih, at Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-daSaints he heard one. On 29, 1833, Elders Zera Pulsipher and Elijah Cheeny INTKKKSTING INSTRUCTIONS. 1S9S. as the by Salt L ick Citv Ski'TEmijtk 15, Joseph proclaimed Gojiel preach President Woodrtiff in a signed but u'n- Smith and also read from the Book of Mordated document wrote this concerning mon, he was convinced of the truth and T.NiEMORIAM. two days afterwards was baptized and conHe shortly "Concerning My Death and Burial I firmed by Klder Pulsipher. l'KUMl.KNT VIIJ'OKI WUODKUFF. wish to say that at my death I wish the after went to Kirtlaud and became acquaintshall s d td "Who Mjwesh go surely reap; ed with the Prophet Joseph. On the first historian of the Church to publish a brief old it s rowtth The yr.ir town rich account of my life," labors and travels, as an of May the same year he went up to.Mis Atvt ifc.'a. l.UCit .tndvare its sands of gold." souri with Zion's Camp. January i he Elder and an Apostle in the Church of Christ of Latter-daSaints. I wish How true this is of the life just gout- out started on his first mission without purse r Jesus washed clean and clothed hi clean in this world, the life of that.great, good and scrip to preach the Gospel and traveled in my. body white linen, according to the order of the reverend man, 'resident Wilford Woodruff. Arkansas, Tennessee and Kentucky. This deTrue is it that the last years of his life were was the commencement of his missionary Holy Priesthood, and put into a plain, life. From that time he devoted himself cent coffin, made of native wood, with full of golden deed-- , that will shine1" I do not wish any black ever deeds of love, of mercy and of that the greater part of his time to carrying the plenty of room. His Gospel to the nations in our own and fore- made use of about my coffin, or about the abundant chanty that never faileth. While away proclaiming., the vehicle that conveys my body tolhe grave. ign lands. name will go down to remotest ages, beGospel he received word that he had been I do not wish my family or friends to wear cause of his great kindness, his gentle tenderness and his love 'of simplicity in all chosen by revelation to'ffll a vacancy in the any badge of mourning for me at my funeral or afterwards, for if I am true and faiththings that help to make life sweet and Council of the Twelve Apostles, and that beautiful. lie was in all places and at all he was to go to Far West, Missouri, and ful unto death there will be . no necessity I have no times essentially a peacemaker, and the prepare to take a mission to England. April for any one to mourn for me. Savior said, "Blessed are the peacemakers, 26, 1S39, Wilford Woodruff and George A. directions to give concerning the services of were ordained members of the my funeral, any further . than it would for they shall be called the children of God." Smith All the virtues that, are most dear and Quorum of the Twelve Apostles. In Eng- be pleasing to me for as many of the Presisacred in the home and in the friendships land in connection with Heber C. Kimball dency and Twelve Apostles who may be and relations of human life among one's he performed a wonderful mission which is present to speak as may "be thought wisdom. associates and fellow men characterized the definitely recounted in the history of the Their speech will be to the living. If the ' life of President Woodruff. In this respect Church. Afterwards he filled several other laws and customs of the spirit world will he was greatly honored of the Lord; he had missions, and August 2S, 1844, was sent permit, I should wish to attend my funeral from Nauvou "to ineside Over the British myself; but I shall be governed by the able in a man raised to an exalted position mission, and returned early in 1846 just as counsel V receive: in the spirit world...' I among his brethren in the Church, land it the first companyof Saints were leaving for wish a plain marble slab put at the head of . drew the affections' of the people tohitn to the West. my grave, with my name and age, and that I a degree unsurpassed in the history of men died in the faith of the Gospel of Christ Of President Woodruff as a pioneer the in our day. It has been truly said of.him people are familiar, he was the first and in the fellowship of the Saints. oue)f that he was without guile, honest, straight- company and assisted in various ways to (Signed) Wilford Woodruff, forward, industrious, and in fact he was found this now flourishing State, not only President of the Council of the Twelve possessed of all the best qualities that make in colonizing and exploring, but in agriculApostles." .... men worthy of honor in the world and betural and horticultural pursuits and was A W'illTE FUNERAL. fore all men. He was not only as Presi- prominent in public places in the city. and dent George f). Cannon described himv a territory and became President Woodruffs funeral ma v- - with very eminent in Ecnatural man, but naturally aLatter-daySainclesiastical positions. President ' Woodruff all propriety be designated a white funeral. "For the Gosjxd he was" willing to endure all labored some years as president of the St. 1 ne services were held in the Tabernacle things and all hardships and to promulgate George Temple, was afterwards made presiin Salt Lake City, which had been beautkl its truths he traveled by land and by sea dent of the Quorum of the Twelve fully and most artistically draped in white, thousands and tens of thousands of miles, and at the. death of PresidentApostles and prepared for the solemn occasion. The and encountered untold suffering, dangers Taylor succeeded him as President John of the appearance of the building was such as to ; and exposure. Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-daSaints. impress with a reverential feeling every one Our readers are most of them familiar President Woodruff was a most who had., the privilege of attending the with the excellent traits of their venerable worker, never rest in r p.-- f ceremonies. 'The floral decorations werev and dearly beloved President who has just when, he could toil no longer. "His journal profuse xand magnificent and everything left us to join the innumerable company of an.dcorrespondence were faithfully kept up harmonized "with the! Saints in the worlds pii. high, but it seems to the spirit of peace that and must necessarily be of brooded over very last, theentire arrangements, and only proper to let the whole world know the greatestjnterest to his and family of the pervaded how grandly lie stands out from and above immense value as a assembly and remained to matter of soothe the feelings of all, for the entire peohistory the men of Ins time. His departure was so President Wilford Woodruff's, death took ple were bereaved of their great prophet sudden even after the advanced years of his place in the of San Francisco where he and City leader, and though butwardly all were long and useful life, that his shadow still way spending a few weeks from the resting .calm; our yet many hearts bo w'ed'inrkf with lingers on pathway and it is difficult to laoors ot his oihee and calling, and love and sorrow realize that we shall see him no moie in our aiuuuub at the inevitable Parting which' he was enjoying to the utmost. one so midst in the assemblies of the Saints. fondlv cherished and helov was ; with him and also his first cou 1S An Presi- -- j Woman's Exponent : . . . . w .V A i ', t'rn;-i7- ' .i m-i-lt- ? .". 1 hn mlyCAJfKur.tuny .... nonp.-jri- , satis-factio- ! n KaI-ijnk- :..-.- -. -- . y Dec-embe-r . him-sel- f. - ; -- y - . -- . -- .. t. - - y inde-fatigabl- -- H-wif- e e- w-i-th elegant life-size- d painting of 