WOMAN'S KI'ONKNT. AO and it will be a blessing to ourselves and others to wh Din we mirtister. each branches of the Relief Society over there hem oi our meetings, and "the .1 - u".y a . ouK tl.c ' -- ,vm huAffiiWSnlMIorm an. ltneresuui: mm' tvjd vVwenBrixeit "feft inec to understand the Gosiel that she might be able to instruct her dear sisters, in loreign lands, she thought e cry sker should be interested in Relief Society work. President Kimina S. Ta lor felt thankful for our aged sisters, and that she had been Spoke privileged to associate with them. of hecau.se. of the trials she passed thiough the opposition of her family it) joining the Church, but there was nothing oil earth to - tempt her to deny her religion, wondered ho A' main would fall by the wayside, she could see that many were deputing from the truth but prayed that all present would be preserved faithful. Sister M. A. Hardy expressed her gratitude, was glad she remained faithful, had a strong testimony to bear. Sister Annie T. Hyde had a testimony of the woik of.God, always been associated with Sister Young and other goxl and noble sisters, it had been a trial .to her to assist in the work of the society, but', she was thankful she had accepted the position she now held and knew it had benefited her. Sister M. O. Brown thought it was easier for some to remain faithful, than others. The Gospel principles seemed familiar when she first heard them, felt it was beautiful, every family ought to be interested. Another sister gave her experience and related incidents of a visit to relatives in '. Canada. Counselor Stevenson said the Lord had opened the way ar.d she had got sere Gave good adgenealogy of her family. vice to all present, exhorting them to be liit-din- present to announce an entertainment to be given in the Assembly Hall on Friday moU s (fi it'.: t'tri momts WtnLAtruth : the Gospel and the Counselor, Stevenson' said it is one of the goouness oi uou. Sister Derrick related instances of the commandments given to the Saints to meet our fulfillment of prophecy in her behalf. Sis. together often, and. we should teach children the principles of the uospei ana ter Paul said she had been blessed in the orebare them for life: also .spoke urgently Temple and had many promises fulGHed. Sister Lydia D. Alder said the trials 0f of thevork in the Temple, which was a life are hard to pass through but God will the. dead. blessing to the living-ati-d Sisters Leaker and Wright, Nellie Taylor bear us up. Several other sisters bore testand Julia Wool fry spoke of 'the goodness of imonies of God's goodness to them and the G(xl and the blessings of the Gospel and power that had been made manifest in heal. testimony of the truth, and President Home ing them, as welt as giving them, spiritual about blessings. read a letter ftom "Brother .President Home said she .would advise teaching singing o the Relief Society and their feet and testiasked for the vote of those Who would join the sisters to all rise-onot did sisters said the a clas in singing; but fy of God, Je;iis Christ said He would feel they could at present. She also wished testify to our Heavenly Father of thos-- who to visjt Dr. Robert's would testify of Him before man Said sae some of always had attended her meetings for she nursing class. weeks for two by needed spiritual food. Meeting adjourned' singing "We thank Thee O, God for a Meeting adjourned for two weeks. Sing, Alder. Sister L.D. 'Benediction by ing "Lord dismiss us with Thy blessing." prophet.'. Sec. Act. I). Benediction by Counselor Webb. Lvdia Aldkk, . Julia S. Woollky, Sec. Minutes of Nov. 12, 1S9S, Counselor Stevenson presiding in the absence of President Home. Singing "Lord we come be-.- " It is quite possible to go through an endfore Thee now." Prayer by Sister Clara less of experiences, to suffer deeply Cannon. Singing "0, ye mountains high." and variety enjoy keenly, to see all the countries of "Sister Cmnon said she wished each Rethe world, to hear what great men have to lief Society to give in a sentiment, they say and to live to a good old age with a vvere to be recorded in a book and given to full of starring occurrences, and yet Sister Home for a birthday present, and past have very little to add to the wisdom, or would be held in the Assemthat knowledge, or interest of mankind. It is bly hall next Saturday in honor of her not a man's actual experience, but that birthday. which he has from it that determines Minutes read and approved. Counselor its value to gained himself and, through him, to Stevenson said she thought we were blest society. beyond those of our sisters who are living in our surroundiug cities and towns, we were privileged to" hear the apostles and Money!- people of God almost every time we went to meeting.. And when you pet a dollar, deposit it with Zion's Savings" Hank & .Tru.ot President Home arrived. Sister Jane Company, the oldest and largest having James and another sister bore faithful testihank in Utah. monies. Since. the establishment of the. hank Sister Zina H. Bull sent in her resignas we have opened more than 1D.000 accounts. tion, stating that it was impossible for her Xho lw of Utah pmntl A vr to continue her labors thn n k s- women and also children who are minors was. tendered her and Sister Julia S. Wool- to open savings accounts in their own "ley was sustained as secretary to fill the ; name, subject to their own order. Have vou such an account? place made vacant by her resignation If not. open - one Sister Home said she felt that this peo- NOW. e pay FOUR PER CENT INpie were her people, and where they go she on any amount from one doi TEREST wanted to go. She knew Joseph Smith was a .; lar to thousands, and compute said prophet of God, the greatest that ever lived interest four times a year. except Jesus Christ. Said there were so WRITE for any information desirod. many false spirits abroad that each one vviLFORD Woodruff, Prest. must have a testimony in her own heart to M. Cannon, Cashier George resist their power, we must watch that we Nos. KJ-- 5 Main Street. be not led astray. Said our Stake secretary of the Relief Society had resigned and Sis- ter Augusta W. Grant had been selected to take her place. She was unanimously sus tained 111 that ohiee. Sister Julia Howe said we had received the priesthood in connection with our husRemoved to 48 and 50 Main St.. bands and had had the Holy Ghost conferred upon us. She thought economy .should SALT LAKE CITY be a part of our religion and use what God blesses us with for building up the kingdom of God. .Exhorted all to sustain The each other, redeem our dead and increase in faith, and not do as those "who are rirh i grow faithless." ' Let us for especially those "j , Ba-se- tt n " ; .the-sister- , . ' faithful. Adjourned for two Singing, Doxology. Benediction weeks. by Sister Alder. Save Your . Minutes, of Oct. 29, 1S9S, 'President M. I. Home presiding. Singing "0, say what is truth." Prayer by Counselor Webb. Singing "Who are these arrayed in white?" : The president alluded to the organization that led to these meetings and believed President Young was inspired of the Lord. -- realizeuHrraTiftTpreserved His children aud those who trusted 111 Him from the world and its turmoil. We must acknowledge His hand in all things and seek for wisdom, These are knowledge and discernment the days of proving and days of temptation. Let us set an example worthy of imitation, be firm, steadfast and watchful that Satan us canmay not deceive us. Those-arounnot take the spirit of God from us if we are in possession of it by obedience. Now that winter is coming she wanted the presidents to look after the poor and see what tney '. need. " Counselor B. W. Smith spoke upon the necessity of being true and faithful, and to teach our children to be honest and virtuous so they can resist temptation. Sister Smith had selected an article to read in the meeting, Sister Hyde read it, it was a description of the deplorable condition of the morals of the world, and how incompetent religious denominations were to cope with the existing evils. A prophecy was next read of the Prophet Joseph Smith's in regard to war. Counsdor W.bb said. "We cannot be to humble .and charitable, we must set a Road ble positions- Sinter Ifnuij ci-exampkand be careful of little things. no" comfort sick the aud exercise toll lane Tam visit, . . . -- - d ; ' ; , ! - ear-inir- -- mat-rio- j j j j -- j j ! R.E. THOMAS - : ! Leading Retail I ; ZiTS. t..t:n n "'L'f . Uas h HouseI 1 Xli 1 V JCLi' I I "HTT It : "X TX T A O 'liJJSU.ia.O. 