.r--.,..-- .w KXONFM OMAN S T j W2 if; jg"' v'5-.- beliroivu out of .court until the logic, jWf ,,uj exjarjcnce has proven wnettKJ uie inTvi of man's .'SjMvr.vr, invention . xJr ; "woman p.isi were trie . legislation or of divine . authority. Salt Lake Gity, June it meeting of the. American Cross Relief Committee- was at the Chamber of Commerce :Jity. Bishop Potter presided t . a. run 1111 I ill' TWti'iimfMwlntmn of Mr. Wardwcll the following appeal was issued: j An impJt'" National Red recently Irel-in New York j June I ; j m I WOMAN IS. HUMAN. ' ' . j I "Woman'.s cl tibia ml her interest lie questions have been a revelation to di- in-pub- - i . Ked Cross Relief Com': Nation of the Amen-camitter, ncriV :;nd rtheau pices 'Nition.it Fed Cross, has !o its obsecH the of i:nd.s for providi g nedical and coNcti.-.- i Jhv j many, Woman is found to be jieither vine nor Satanic, neither a slave nor an angel, simply human. She is neither the soulless creature of Homer or Milton, nor the burlesque divinity of Cervantes,- but a being dowered with common, sense and an exalted purpose. livery attainment but increases her moral and intellectual force - -- -- n . medical .supp ie, othin- - and such mcessary aMSmce as nursing-- u , food, c Red may be required! .by th- Am- ic th Nationa Cross, u on a of the United Stat s Government in or er to unify all endeavors to that end during " the pres nt n ar. - - 1 Am- c . , j fo-- . e, of .the .annual meeting of the : 22nd ward Relief Society, on which occasion the' Scxriet" hall which had recently been erected fter 'the afternoon scrvicesia dedicated, the ward hall all repaired to the eitf Society, hall. Brother Win. Gardner and congregation sang the. hymn Tlik house ver dedicate to Thee,' Bishop Solomon the offered dedicatory, prayer, then about oil' hundred people partook of a bounteous repast. The tables were beautifully decor, ated with uVuvers, under, the supervision of Sister .Klizabeth Solomon and aids. Nellie Druce Pugsley sang in her own sweet wa .,0 .M v Vl(1r 's 'Brrthrr,m. Gardner sang the beautiful hymn "Hnghtlv . II. 1' D.eams our rauier s . mercy . nil. went away satisfied with the enjoyable time spent. Pachkl WmrrLK, President. Makia L. NiCBKKEk,; Sec. pro tern. . 1 1 mas-ctib'n'- was the 'anniversary x do hums of the Geneva .Conference from whicn every .N.i.ionu Red Cross Society de American Xatumd Red nny be Cos, !irec ted to nnniJe sue reliefof asfriend or hv all ui boat recognition incidental , who calamities nny uif r from the to wa' pestilence or famine The Red Cross here, and throughout the civilized world, by a u tde and varie experience in international recent wars, n d enizes by treaty the sufTe in if e for sa red obiijai oi s ol h lofulncss wherever foun !, lias so perfected its orani.ation that if becomes-threcognized and legitimate of in- channel fore nttibutions from all d'a-s- e diudtuls and every variety of auxiliary associa- Uiu'e without damage to the sublime clnracter She may break some of niolhcr and wife. of the chains of prejudice and conventionality, but she will not lose licr womanhood, hear. not that equality will make her 'man and. woman 'created he them,' and no belated act of justice on the part of man can change the ordinance of God. Trotid as we are of thc'public's past the higher and purer influence of woman in public affairs should give a future still more radiant and fair. Mrs. Stanton said that if Hon. . ' Fur the Miriam had been in charge of the children systematizing the p'irpoe of ofproperly the general public and 'of of Israel that they would have reached benevob nt impulse for tthcient Re Cross directions giving proper Canaan in lorty days instead of wandering icits the Co peration of so iitee Com the work, like Gypsies for forty years. " Perhaps- had individuals and auxiliary associitio s throughout woman been placed in our national constithe country, confideut tl;at4 through such means Ihe v'xious" Anids'.ind'artrcles col7 e'e ted' can ' niost tution it would not" have taken" one7 hunsafely and most directly reach their ultimate desdred years aild. the first sons, of a generation to eliminate slavery. Had the single tination. word 'sex' been inserted in the fifteenth To this appeal .twenty-fivnames I believe that our nation .amendment, those of a newly organized would be a generation in adva.nce of its present position on the problems of moial committee; front them Bishop Potter, .Morton. Mr. Ward well, Drs. and municipal reform. Thomas, Lesser and Siirady were appointed OK WOMAN. INSPIRATION to second the offer already made to the United States of the services of the Red The nation owes a debt of gratitude to Cross in the war with Spain. Interviews women's clubs. They have been an in were then had at Washington, with the spiration to its members, they have been prcidVnt the Secretaries of War tl,, Yt,v centers iroui wtTtctrradiate electri of moral and political reform. hey have va,... T1. f , broadened their own horizon and that of was accepted, subject to such regulations as They have organized the enejgy the medical officers of the Government shall- and intellect of woman "and directed them In accordance with Mr. into every field of good, upon which fajls presenbe. wishes, a meeting was held on the smile of God or man. May 14, of representatives from the "Men have clubs for sport, pleasure and Saturday American Red Cross Reliei Committee and If we omit the Woman's the'Natioual Relief dissipation. Association. Trie folMorning. Whist club, which is as wasteful lowing general, plan of national organizaas any club man can invent, women's clubs tion was agreed upon: ' are universities, colleges, training Schools, whe e post graduate degrees are taken in First -- Oe society to be known as the National and art literature. Red Cross Relief Commssion. citizenship, ."Woman's sphere is no linger confined SecondState...societies to he organized and known by their State titles. to the washtub, ihe .kitchen- or the parlor. for the "lier spuere is now the grand whirling purpose to which- they.areto tobe bedesignated applied-namits globe with all '"responsibilities and its the edCross ot i.tt;VVOrkof the The glories, growth of woman's clubs is the greatest movement of this generation, American National Red Cross fo have its own culiar p fields work, as designated and as representatives of that beueficient its constitution 'y influence we greet you today. treaties ,e Relief Commatee'to haie itfpartt "The faith Jlome had in her cular field, as set forth in the call for. relief. virgins, Colorado has in her miiUiers, wives aiubdaughters; to them we gladly trust the Auxiliaries to the Red Cross work are sacred f;res of civilization, the palladium ol rapidly forming. these Among auxiliaries our liberties, and judging by the preponderare tlie Ladies Auxiliary of the lie-liGeneral ance of flowers and feathers at church serCommittee; the committees from the vice, our religion also. daughters of the American Revolution; "In.the name of the women we love we the college ana university committees snrl t.ivuiuc- )uu lu u biaie wriere the word as the .."Columbia- TT 6 tb 1 4 1 t " j - j j A j Lehi, June 20, 1 the .over Relief Society of Lehi. numbering fifty, got up a surprise party in honor. of' our president, Rebecca Stanlriiig, wnich Brother Imts was a complete success. Gaeff with his usual generosity let us have the Opera House free, and about one hundred and .twenty-fiv- e people all seated at the tables adorned, with the most dainty viands awaited with expectancy the arrival of Sister Standring, and on her entrance arose and saluted herr- - After supper - were-appende- ex-Govern- or " another surprise awaited her in Jt he form of an excellent crayon portrait of herself, presented by Sister Margaret Gaddie, the prime mover niuic affair, in a very neat speech. ' ,run, . - I ti "'g manner, expressing herself as verj' un worthy of the honor bestowed upon her.buL desiring to show, her appreciation by proving herself worthy of the esteem in which ' the-race- Mc-Kinle- . Third-eontribu- tions y's she was held. Remarks were then made by Brothers A. J. Evans, A. R. Anderson, Wm Clark and others of the brethren and sisters, interspersed t. with singing by a quartette led by Brother Isaac Fore, which was a very pleasing feature of the The speakers all eulogized the labors of Sister' Standriug and many prayers ascended to our Heavenly Father that she might be spared many years to comfort and bless those with whom she is enter-.tainmen- t. asso-ciate'o- - the-wor- - - " ef - - J' marriage j Tu.. i 11c "tU . tue Ambulance Red Cross , etv.- - V ' - ely, f ,rvw :: 1S9S. On Sunday May 31,. the teachers of - e' NOTABLE-GATHERING- n..,i VJUUOO. . UUSS Eoiiinmt.ovwii 1 1 ' M. A. Roberts. Mrs.yWalworth, director general of . the Woman's National War Relief Association, is in Washington attending to the interests of that association. She has been in conference with the presidents of the associations and also with the surgeon-generof the army and navy. She spent one day at Camp Alger" visiting the division fieW and regimental hospitals. She reports that conditions are improved at Camp AlgeV and that the sick men- look comfortable under their musquito nets, which relieve them from the torment of the troublesome a - flies. - - - . - r - . 