it stabbed her to the heart. The cm t prcsafell, goLup again and ws carm incr TERRIBLE NEWS. -- Xi i avsas-- ' Vienna, Sep. io. l lie news sinativri of the queen reached hvre shortly .before1 6 o'clock Jt spread like Jightning, The streets. w;?re suddenly filled with iiiuTti- tudes of people, many of- them became impassable for vehicles. Extra editions were issued by all the Viennese considered the repapers. Wciner port incredible until the .Abend Post appeared con firming thetate-ment- s of the'other papeis. All the papers accompanied the announcement with warm tributes to the empress. They were eagerly snatched from. the hands of the sellers and were read aloud to groups "of citizens.-An indescribable grief over-- The performance at powers the people. the court theatres and the jubilee exhibition ' have been.cancelled. . Francis Joseph received the Emperor news at Schoenbruhn. His majesty's journey to attend the maneuvres at Zips, Hungary, was of course abandoned. All the theatres here and in the are closed. The extra edition of- the Wiener Abend Post appeared with black borders. It expresses the "universal sorrow felt at the loss, of our noble empress, . whose life was one long chain of philan"She had gone abroad thropy," adding: in order to obtain fresh strength, but only to Income a victim of a wicked and mad at - . semi-offici- al . . ' . proviu,-cial'town- s tion was given, concerning education," the PrJu..-- . liomr. and spiritual matters. a snori nine in -rue a rItemed . .... , a?ui kiared MC lu-- r .i.l'JSQUe -- oj-u- ie -- ry'Vt '.'" EXPONENT WOMAN S 12 ! but seeing the emjpres- had - :jot- rccover-nr'tfTin- g " t iitj0" Home of this .Stab Zion, her counselors and ails, have fr.en M. I. vxntfe rivate where she expired. The murderer is a man named Luchoni". ' rf tending meetings, 111 uie several wards lie was born in Paris of Italian parents. giving instruction and encouragement abeen stop ccording The Empress of Austria had needs and circumstances 0f several 'the society. They report society affairs ping at the Hotel Beaurivage 'for wound the first at was It thought. days. generally very prosperous, although during was not serious but she died- in a few the hot weather the meetings ha:c, b ' minutes.so 'well attended. to-tb- - - . . The stretcher upon which the empress On Tuesday, Septejnber 6, the Cannon was carried to tUe hotel was nastily improward held its reuglar meeting, President vised with oars and sail doth. Doctors and Sarah J. Cannon presiding. Meeting con. priests were immediately summoned and a vened in the school house adjacent to the telegram was sent to Emperor Francis for convenience dwellings although the Joseph. a new handsome has ward meeting house All efforts to revive her majesty were unand in the furnishing of which the building availing and she expired at three q'clocjc. There The wound was just over the left breast. Relief Society materially assisted. of sisters number a was very good present,' There was hardly any bleeding. A priest was of them young women, which i.s secured in time to administer extreme unction many very gratifying. The' minutes were very ANOTHER ACCOUNT. interesting indeed, the speakers were Pres- ident Sarah J. ""Cannon, Sisters Caruline Another Switzerland, Sep. io. . Ihrne, Smoot, Rebecca Williams, Mary E. ' The account of the assassination of the Empress Martha T. Cannon and E. B. Wells. S!irp of Austria says: Society seems to be making progress' "After having been stabbed from behind, in active work. After the great close of the the empress --rose and walked on board the meeting delicate refreshments were served steamer where she fell fainting: The cap- and a pleasant social hour indulged in. tain did not wish to put out from the quay, Such comerse among the sisters sweetens but did so at the request of the empress Jhe daily Jife.and. promotes. tiniotir tack." 4:andher-suite- ; '' ' apprehennon' concludes with" a'n"expression""6r j. that she was seriously hurt. "sincere sympathy with the emperor, upon WOMAN'S WORK. "The steamer was put back before leav whose beloved head such grief has fallen in ing the open lake and the empress uncon the year of his jubilee." Disseminate the Lest that is. Motto: scious was carried to the hotel on a stretcher." thought and known by club women. THE SISTERS OF THE KMPKKSS. semi-offici- - . al . there-being-n- '.'.-"- o It - "The assassinationof the Empress Eliza- beth of Austria has created an immense ASSOCIATION GLEANINGS. sensation in the French" capital where the sympathy of the people is all the greater The P.elief Spcietv conference ofSummit because it is remembered that her sister, the Duchess d' Alencon, perished in the terrible Stake was held Tuesday, September 6,. at Henneier, Mrs; Mary J. At wood presiding. Charity Bazaar fire last year. "Her other sister, the former queen of A meeting was also held at Coalville. Naples, has resided in Paris since the death Dr. E. S. Barney ofthis city was present,, "Ofller husband and the murdered empress "also Bishop Atwood of Kamas. was a frequent visitor there and familiar to The Relief Society of Oneida held conParisians. Sympathetic crowds gathered ference at Franklin, Idaho, Tuesday, Sepnear the Austrian embassy soon after the tember Sister E. Stevenson of this 13. J. sad news began to spread through the city." city was present and reports an enjoyable time and excellent meetings, also a meeting at Preston after conference had adjourned. THE EMPRESS OF AUSTRIA. The Relief 0? Sanpete Stake met Geneva, Switzerland, Sep. io. The in conference Society at Manti on Friday, SeptemEmpress of Austria was assassinated at the ber), in the Council House Counselor Hotel Beaurivage this afternoon by an anAbbie Shoemaker presided in the absence archist who was arrested. ' He stabbed her of the president, Mary A. T. Hyde, who majesty with a stiletto did not reach there after attending PresiThe Empress of Austria was born Dec. dent Woodruffs funeral in time for the 24, 1837. She was a daughter of Duke Maxmillian of Bavaria, and was married to morning session, but was present, in the afternoon as also was her counselor, Alvira Francis Joseph, emperor of Austria and S. Cox, and. Mrs.- E. B.; WellsoLSalt Lake king of Hungary, April 24, 1854. They City.1 The meetingvas itffuUeresting one had three children, the Archduchess Gissola, and the of storing grain (after the subjects who is married to Prince Euitpold of abundant harvest this yearVand of establish. Bavaria; the Archduke Rudolph- - who marsilk culture as aTemunerative home inried Princess Stephanie of Belgium, and ing were ably treated upon by the sisters. who. was (seemingly) assassinated in 18S9, dustry and the Archduchess-MarillG Y- rValena, who I. A. of Sanoete Stake married the Archduke Franz Salvator of held its conference on Saturday, September Austria Tuscany. The late empress was an in the Council House, Miss Christine jo, enthusiastic horsewoman. , Willardsou Meetings at 10 a., It appears that her majesty was walking m. and 2 p.presiding. the hall filled with young from her hotel to the landing place of the women was am., delightful picture and the resteamer at about 1 o'clock when an Italian from branch ports associations in the Stake anarchist suddenly appeared, and approach were very gratifying: Much-gooinstruc- . -- -- a -- - - ' We have arranged to publish a monthly magazine to be known as the "Woman's Work-- " The literature in the paper written by our club women throughout the country, is a ground work for a storehouse of valuable information. By preserving and circulating these carefully prepared papers we can. - -- form a companionshiDforcur -- club-r-aml- compile a literary magazine of interest and instruction for those of our sex who are unable to join in our work as well as those who take active part therein. The"Woraan's Work"wil! in no way interfere with our wageearners who now report the news of clubs' and their federations, it will give an impetus to' our various club organs and weekly papers already established, it will broaden the work for the field is a large one. We will publish papers and periodicals verbatim over the lull name of the author, (unless otherwise requested.) We hope you will with the editors by sending monthly some contribution that you may deem a credit to your members and of value to clubs in general An early reply will greatly facilitate our work, we wish to. get out our first issue in September, and distribute several thousand copies complimentary,; rely ing on the, merits of the periodical to secure subscribers. The subscription will be one d ollar per annu m . We trust to have a paper from your club for the initiative number. Thanking" you in advance for any interest will give us you ' in this work. co-opera- te EVKLYN FlTZPATRlCK, y Ellen J Downs, Editors and Proprietors. N0.425 South Court St., Montgomery, Ala, 