4 JK-f-j- " Z- ' -if 77r ,V.. the Ihnds of Vol. 26. the Women of Utah should be a Po-v- er to better the Home, SALT LAKIv CITY, UTAH, JANUARY. CONTENTS: Emma Jenson. A Visi' to Summit SuIa:Jcn nierDaughtf rs of .Eve Wr D. Lawlrr.-t'-. Sec. Em a Broun W I'. C M. J Lamb-rt- , I).cy Baker. Madame Mountfod. A Won M ry H. Dalton. R. S. Utah Historical S- ciety' In Memoriam. ItVJCr.tM.VJlCNSUX. Poi.yxnsiv, or the region of many is- lands, is the name usually given, with more or less limitation, to the numerous groups of islands and some few single islands scatEditorial: The New Year 1898. A .I'tauu. tered throughout the great Pacificocean ful Marriage. . Edit rial No es. between the eastern shores of Asia and the western chores of America. In i'ts widest Truths'" Uarfjp Eleanor 'Wright. significance. the ternr Polynesia embraces, A.Tvvilight ReverieEthel B. Ferguson. Fret N t besidesThe grulip'of smaller islands in the : Thvsdf-Ln- ia. Pacific, the various islands large and small of the Indian Archipelago in one direction and Australia,. Tasmania etc., in another. TRUTHS' WARFARE. Including these and all adjacent islands the Hold fast to truth: the world has ned whole region is sometimes called.. Oceania Of rhamr ions in the race," and ometimes Australasia. Uut in more .Whose hei'rts'are strong with faith ?nd hope times modern the term Polynesia is applied ' Tnen !ct us on apace. those groups of. islands lying east of only to the 1S0 parallel of Longitude because the : IT'i'urtThe' standard to r: ThhabitTfuts of all' these "grmips-seerr- iT tcr: beAnd .nay its colors bright ' of the same g branch to the human long Strike with alarm the approaching foe very much alike in color,character-istics- , And shed its beaming light.,. , etc manners, customs, - : ; fami-ly7bein- language New Zealand should also Kthnographically Across their path, arrresting them The principal be clashed with Polynesia. 'Till they the motto see groups of Polynesia are, however, on the That has been ours in sad defeat Sandwich Islands, Tonga, or the Friendly And ot in victory. Islands, the Marquesas group and many In golden letters it appears other scattered islands that are not grouped EmUazontd on the blue, together under any particular name. A symbol of its heavenly-birt..Most of these islands and especially the AniToTthe sun's brighhug. largest are volcanic In their origin, and some a7ecol:aTine: The7TT5lcanieislandssomeo- The standard bears the stamp divine which have peaks varying in height from Oi anchor, shield and dove; one to fourteen thousand feet are often disThe words placed under this device tinguished as the high islands; they consist Are Hope, and Faith, and Love. of basalt and the igneous formation. The Sweet symbols of the better' parr , islands'of coralline formation are low and To man's unfolding given; generally small. They are destitute of any considerable elevation. Though various in When error falls to rise no more form the high islands have many characterThey catch a glimpse, of Heaven. istics in common. Many of thein are surPress on ye champions, fail not those rounded by a barrier reef ranging in disTo advocate the cause . tance fiom a few hundred yards to thirty Of freedom for humanity miles from the shore. Such reefs rise near " -To purge the unjust laws. rt 11 fm . their presence of feathery foam is indicated by a ring Salvation is the watchword now around the island. There is, however, alTo those whose souls are bound most uniformly some deep open passage by Ey chains of error, olding them which a ship may cross the reef and find a Like loadstones to the ground. sheltered harbor between the reef and the island. The Tuamotu Islands which lie calladjacent to the Society Islands are also With of spirit, shield of faith ed the Low. Archipelago, because they are And God's whole armor on; .J' nearly all low atolls or lagoon islands. Salvation's he'met brow Atoll is a name given by the Ualdive Tne field would soon be won. above" islandersjo circular coral reefs rising the sea and. enclosing a lagoon. These cirSo onward still with flag aloft; cular reefs are covered with a luxuriant Fear not to meet the foe, vegetation in some places, thus, forming The Victo'y shall be ours at last. small motns or islands some, of which are And error fall with woe. several miles long but seldom over a' quarter Eleanor Wright. The lagoon within of a mile in width. Potomac Series. basin of may be but a small pool, or a great in miles length or placid sea thirty or forty breadth. Upon the inner circle of the reef the Mrs. Annie L. Diggs has been appoint- and around the margin of the lagoon isfrom ed State librarian for Kansas.: She will favorite home of the native, sheltered have charge of the State law library, one the storms of the great sea without, with f the largest in the West, as well as the the great basin within engirdled with its strong barriers fringed with cocoanut palms general . " . h . . . he-watcx- -and -' 1 su-or-d . on-the library. . and appears the very symbol of fruitfulness and repose. Various theories have been advanced hi regard to the formation of the coralline is lands. pral isjhe weftk of the polyps of which there are many. different species, each forming different varieties of coral. The substance of coral is carbonate of lime. It is not formed by any design of the little creature that build it, but is the stony frames' of these polyps that have their brief life and die clinging where they were b ru, and thus age after age by slow accretions their dea'd frames build the submarine forests that are rooted. iiL unfathomed depths and wear their coronal of verdure above the llood. It has been proven by tests that the coral reefs reach down into a deeper sea than the plummet can sound.. Ahit the coral polyps, it is believed, cannot live at a greater depth than and twenty feet; hence the theory most popular rega rdt ng era 4 sla the ocean was once very shallow and that it has slowly increased in depth, the earth sinking down; meantime the polyps-eve- r building; keep their structures towering still near the surface. Another theory is that these islands are partly volcanic, partly coraline; that the subterranean fires have lighted great mountains near the surface of the deep, and upon the summits of these coral polyps Inve begun to build their strange and mighty structures'. The inh abitants of t he Pacific Isla n d s those of the are clearly of two distinct more easterly islands, or Polynesia, have long, straight hair very glossy, and bright copper skin, "like the American aborigines." Aud on the islands which dot the the sea from Fiji to the eastern part of Java the natives are of quite a different type, having large frames, black skin and crisp hair, with more of the general characteristics of the Negro. Again upon other islands are found a population which is a mixture of the two races referred to." of the origin of the two races nothing is know historically; but amonjnhlTTiraTiyhOT one which traces the Polynesians or copper colored back to America, and the darker race to Asia and Africa is certainly the most consistent and js gaining ground among a certain school of ethnographical students. The dialects of the copper colored race are sufficiently alike to indicate a common origin. The darker race speak a totally different language. The perfection to which the languages of the Polynesians have been brought is a marvel. Savage like as they were and still are to a certain extent, their dialects are remarkably rich, pleasing and expressive, adjusted to express the nicest distinctions in ideas- - These dialects are rules and spoken according to the strictest ' the most perfect grammatical principles. In intellectual capacity the Polynesian is in many respects the equal of the European. In depth, of thought and profundity of" research he is far inferior. But in wit, quick, ness of perception tenacity of memory, invalgenuity, thirst for knowledge when its ue is perceived, eloquence etc., the Europ. -- Re--po- the-breeze--, 15 & 16. ' 1 rtn-iTRY- No. 1-- 15,1898. POLYNESIA. iVynesia Ik; Stale a,:d the Nat.o,. -- . one.-hundre- Hdi-Uiat-ai- 1 . ra-ces-; . 