' ' . .. jr,-ir- ''woman's,; i&enw. . ft tf!V? f hndts Iul lWinK vcnwig title and ooanng our to 1 !!! h? mother hllsworth s company; $w was known "I'estimoniL'S.aiul speaking one to another we ' inai iinic s Disier Uooj worto, and traveled a can 1e His. It is a simple tiling to do but hi widow uith iotir children, only one of whom sun1 means' much.", Said she felt sorry for any vives her, viz., Mrs. Ann Ashby, wife of Hnj. Ash-b- oy y woman who spoke .ag.mist the revelations of God. Singing "Our God we "raise to ( of Woods Cross, Utah, who was nn "invalid at that time Deceased was left a widow four times ' life her ' and has suflVr'eM great oss in her during Thee." . the mother of thirteen children of family, being Sister JClizabeth Langtou said she knew whom four only are liv njj, i.. Mrs. Frances the Spirit of the Lord' was in this meeting Clark, Crowle, Knliu!;Mrs. Ann Ashby, Wood's Utah; Mr William Chester and Mrs. Alice in great abundance,- she" had been greatly Soda Springs, Idaho. Dt censed his CambelJ, blessed by the Lord, had been enabled to enjoyed particularly e,ood health for ten years unsend money to her lnisbaud who was on a til her last sickness, and Ins kept her own house .mission and also to gather a great amount d ing most of her. own work, until her eyesight to fail and some 5f'ht: grandchildren lived of genealogy. -- Said she had been forty bean with her until about two years ago, when she reyears in the Church, and felt greatly blest moved to the house of her daughter, Mrs Cam-bell, in being'able to say this. where she died. She experienced a circumstance which was, no Sister Kmraa Nunn said she and her little miracu! us, in connection with the dedicagirl, had both been, very sick .but had been doubt, tion f the Temple at Salt. Lake. It was a healed by the power oi God. Had prom-- , cherished wish of hef's th;d sf e live t5 see might ised the Lord she would .spea'k of-- His goodthe completion, that building, and as the time drew near her eyesight began to get so poor that ness to her this afternoon. she' was unable to see with the aid of glasses. Sister Mc Master bore her testimony, felt She attended the sei vices, however, and when-shif she went away without doing this she arrived at the Temple er eesiht was so far vv o 11 d J)e.con d ei saw llobjec-s around .jejatoredohat nnd,pi)kei3UierReiieL and after she returned to her daughter's' Society work and how she enjoyed it. She her, home Wood's at Cross she was able lo read a knew it was the work of God. a and thread needle without the aid of newspaper Sister Sarah Phelps made some beautiful glasses. This blessing lasted only for a short time, r ut her wish that she might see the'Temple remarks, also spoke in tongues. Sister Derrick spoke of her recent be- was gratified . She was president of the Relief Society of Soda reavement in the death of herjiusband, and ward lor fifteen years, when she was Told how Springs alluded to his many virtues. hono ably released on account of her old.a e in She leaves many grandchildren, suddenly he was taken, that he was almost June 1896. and one little great great "changed" in" "the t winTi rigTqf an "eye ; bore" a great grandchildren, grandchild, the daughter of t Cyrus and F.mma strong testimony. Page, of Hount ful Utah, 'besides a large number A sister in the congregation said she was of friends both in and out of the Church to ' thankful that we had a place like mourn her loss, for she was a friend to all. " hnce rjf the laws of God. A number 67 the sisters bore testimonies, and all felt to 're joice. in the great work of the last days; President C. R. Hakes exhorted the ! , Saints to awake and make against a spirit of evil and iniqiiity stronger and harder until we should have helped to redeem the inhabitants of the earth.. Many good seeds were sown in the. hearts of those present, and all felt blest incoming ttogetherin this meeting. Adjourned fo hree months. Benediction by President Hakes.'. F. Sec. the-warfa- C-os- - - . re -- 1;A ROWAN STAKK. On February 11, 1898, the sisters of the " several branches comprising the Parowan Stake Relief Society held their seventieth quarterly conference in. the ward Tabernacle, of Cedar City. The weather being unfavorable the attendance was not so large as it otherwise might have been. The five kc wards jnpriiijg-the-Staorganizations were lepresented as progressing favorably. The work.of gathering grain for the time of need is being systematically carried on by the sisters, the Stake having 1,480. bushels and 30 pounds on hand at the present time. : The instruct his during our meeting were principally, exhorting:, parents, .mothers esu. pecially, to. train their children, in their youth in the principles of the --work we as Latter-daSaints are engaged nv for the impressions made in childhood are never forgotten. We should impress upon our Com: little ones the necessity of prayer and teach them to have faith in the Lord. 'The subjects of intemperance and the word of wisR. S. AND P. A. RKPORTS. dom were also spoken upon. As is customary at our conferences. Stake ST. JOHN'S STAKK. President U. T. Jones with his counselors, Francis Webster and Henry Leigh, and Minutes of the St. Johns SrakePriiuary con several other brethren were .in attendance ference held Feb. 28," iSg.S, President Kmma and ot them addressed iJr Coiernnrrprtid i ng. flensing wr pray- - The by request a number congregation, their good counsel being er was offered by our younj; brother, Oscar Freeman. Sister Coleman made same good, duly appreciated by all present. The business attended to during the con and appropriate opening remarks, after ference was the reading of reports and suswhich program was rendered containing, of local officers. Sister Ann 11, , sisting of songs, music, recitations Webster' was sustained as first Cv'imselor to paper read by the editor, Ethel Farr. Short reports were given by presidents or Stake: President Mary 'Ami' Lunt, thereby filling the vacancy caused by the death of representatives of the different wards, every Sister Sage T. Jones. Sister Webster acted ward in the Stake being; represented. The statistical report was lead and the officers in the capacity of president of the Cedar Relief Society from 1S86 to 1897, when she 7 sustained. Sister Cornelia Home Clayton of Provo, was honorably released, her successor behig Ann A. Thorley with Mary A. ArmUtah, then addressed the" congregation strong and Lucy M. Jones first; and second in a very interesting manner, giving, good counselors. and timely instruction ar.d sang the chilDuring the past year quite a number of dren a song. President D. K. Udall spoke for a short the sisters belonging to the Cedar Society time, followed by Celia, Hamblin. After have been called away by the haud of death singing, benediction was pronounced by and their presence and their words of counsel are alike missed. In January two young Revel Jarvis. ' members, Margaret Unthank and Margaret Sarah II. Ckushv, Sec. proton. Froyd, both faithful good workers, in our 7 7 7. MARICOPA STAKK. Society every ready to assist and .for a number of years acting as teachers;" depart- Minutes of Relief Society conference held ed from. x us, also Sister Amanda Rollo, at the Society h;sll Dec. 16, 1897, President another good,, faithful member soon followMabel Ann Hakes presiding assisted by her ed. Death is inevitable, hence the necessity counselors, Lizzie A 7 McDonald and Sarah of . for ourselves alone but by. livingnot M. Johnson, President C. R Hakes and whenever we have the opportuniother sisters Meeting was opened by . the ty, if only by a kind word. Statistical and financial usual exercises. Conference . was- - adjourned to meet at Dec. the 16," 1897, Paragoouah in three months. Xk year ending reportTor was read and accepted. All thewards were ' J. P. Mackelpkang, Cor Sec. a represented showing .good spirit prevail"NOTTINGHAM,- - ENGLAND. ing in our midstand the Saints generally -alive to topics 'dwelt up-, At the request of our president, Sister on were-trifostering, ofliome .industries, of-o- e 1 she-disiuetl- ' . ' this where we could meet together and sing and pray and comfort one another. President Horne felt the meeting, had been very enjoyable. Gave out the notice weeks from toe ay. of Stake conference-twSinging Adjourned for four weeks. benewe "This Gcd is the God ado;e." o diction by Counselor K. Webb. Z I NA- -I IN MEMORIAM. SISTER AGNES M'ARTHUR WHITE. Sister 'McArthur Vrhite, daughter of James and Elizabeth McA thur, was born May 13, 184?, was .baptized. into the Church of Jesus Christ 'of Latter-daSaints November 1S57 and emigrated to Utah in 1859. She was married to Stephen' "White in Salt Lake City on November 1, 1859, and lived in Mill Creek ward until the spring of 186S w en she moved to WiUard where she resided until her death on Feb uary 4, 1S9S. Sister White was a teachc in ihs Relief Society of Wrillard and a counselor in the North District in the Primary Association, a'so a teacher Latter-dafaithfu Sunday School. She was a Saintand was doved and respected by all who knew her. She eaves a kind husband and eight children", four sons and four daughters to mourn her loss. 7 y y RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. fit to Whereas, Our Heavenb Fa her hasbeseen it of our one midst take from our sisters, RESOLVED.That we the officers and members of the Relief Society of Willard and . of the Primary Association of North District do extend our heartfelt sympathy to the bereaved family in this their and that we ever cherish her hour ' memoryRi Solved, Tha' a copy of these resolutions be placed on the records of the Relief Society, one presented to V e bereaved family and one sent to of-sorro- '"" . the "Woman's Exponent" for publication. Bethiah F. Wells, Sec: HANNAH CHAPMAN RAYMOND 7 Died at Soda Springs, Idaho, Feb. 15, 1S98, 0 paralysis, Hannah Chapman Raynond. Deceased was born at Crowle, England, March 2, 1S13, and would have been eighty-fiv- e years old had she Jived -- -and of Jesus Christ of' Latter-da- y emigrated to Utah in r856,-coming-acr- -- y rt - 7177.":". . . t -- : -- -- y Saints in England the- and-our,- , " . ! , . . doin- g-good . N thejr-duties.Th- e e storing-grai- n etc.,- ata rore-stric- t obscrv- - .Sarah -- Barber;-and also.thewv--sif--fh?- - X 