WOMAN'S - ; - ' Wailing as the da Ji'ui close ; nmy leart bowed down with care, ,st"l thought jiiat Father loves me, A d dotu iiear my fervent prayer. ( .nt'e words in softest accent, Vhipered in my listening ear: '. t:) not for thy hoy though aliNenf, Dry that secret burring tear; and loves thee'! hy Creator knows 'Lift thy oul and.ro not fear. r Guarding e'er with u een.p-u- aou tain.v ami- - 1 -- .Shut. : HOTKLMHTROPOU. . i , ' - t , .1, ;. cldK vcp gor.;es, :upe:idous ro( precipices, nul in winter is v,vAwj:ii Lungs nv vv"'f;;t&V'xi4 ' crri5t into view, with headlaiulv, mountains 'and hills and the blue Water.; unil the" Summit is garden. reached, where the view-is- ; 'mo" A beautiful 'Avalon, upon the h y of that name, is of San Clemente, Santa Barbara Island, San the fashionable tesoit oi Southern. Califor- - Nicholas, the lofty range of the Sierra Madre, ni:i. lie Metrupoie the principal hotel,' all forming a beautiful patiorama. I tlieie are cottages and city of tents, which obbought .a curiosity, the Serebrafula, to conven-l'roand ine .alorts tained by deej va suuudings, and is the lii.iiij jaei'.r lences of the hotels. .. C. K. lolder's slkcjl the Romans tookjheir idea of the Ro"south Catalina ard Isles of Summer." man lamp from. .It i. rare aud very old. "The di co very within the' present decade I ' began this letter then laid it aside. of sonic papers in a public library of Ma'd- - Have written it at' intervals and a H)rtion ri( . p:nn, winch proved to be an account blew away. I' will send what js left of it ot the VovaL'e with best wishes. r, of luan liixlrinifz Cibrilhi, :i IlKIJlN V. I M It A LI.. na'vigatcr in the service of Spain. "The caravels of Cabrillo La Victoria and San Salvador, discovered the islands in AN'KMINKXT VISITOR. September, 1542; and as they cruised in the vicinity lor seveial months there Miss vSarah Iv; Hunt of PosK-ufirst the quaint vesr every reaon to believe-tha-t of the Daughters of the Revolusels louud shelter in the harbor of Avalon and the land locked bay of Catalina on the tion geu.eral society, and regent of the south ooast, and that the, explorers held, Massachusetts .Stat'. society, visited our city communication with the natives wdio at during the Mothers' Congress; Miss Hunt that time had towns or villages in the is a leading woman and Mrs. Weils was mouth of almost every canon ot the island. fortunate in arranging a. meeting between chapter of the D. R. ''Cabrillo named the islands of San her and The "Ixponent" office, was beautifully Clemehte after his' sln'ps, and probably landed at Avalon where it is known was a .decorated with roses. Miss Hunt talked in large and populous Indian village on the a simple, charming manner, enthusing hei Miss Hunt said: interested listeners. site of Hotel Metropole. , ears later Philip III. of Spain "The North and the South in the Revolu. "Sixty ordered the viceroy of New Spain, Oaspar tion went to war together and fought for side by side, and we are Vufiiga, Conde de Monterey, to equip an one common cause their children. Pet ween the North and the .expedition, whica sailed iiom Acapullo under the command of Sebastian Vicaino, South, the ICast and the Wet there is that bond that cannot be broken, this is, the May 5, 1602. About the first of December the caravels came to ancl'or in the harbor grandest part of our work. The I). R. has of Avalon and Vizcaino called the inland-Sant- a large field. Just now there is a chance to Catalina. He describes the natives show what we can do in instilling patriotas a line- looking race dressed in well cured ism. The Massachusetts State society is a large memberskins, the town as having large dwellings very Successful, we have an.1 numerous raucherios, their canoes were ship. Our best work is in repairing and Paul Revere, Bunker Hill 1 tb tnpn were expett fishermen. preserving the Hint onr greatest They showed Vizcaino some damask cloth strength is in our State society. which they said came from a wreck, sup"Do not feel disappointed; Mrs. Wells, posed to be that of the ship San Augustin if mothers feel that they Nare so busy that which sailed in 1595 under Captaiu Sebasthey cannot attend to joiuingxkeep a brave tian Rodriguez Cermenon, to make discoveries on the California coast and was heart aud never give up even a poor ground. We desire Mrs. Wells to be State Regent never heard from. "When Cabrillo discovered Southern of your society. Be Democratic so thatxall Calilorniairhad a large population; today eligible. persons may come in. If there ar of men who fought in the 352 years later this is represented by a any daughters Revolution find them and admit them free pitiful handful of natives who are scat- of fees into the D. R. The General Soei-ettered about the foothills or the missions; will present them ..with a cold badjre. by graveyards despoiled and by the quaint We want to especially honor them. stone implements plowed up by the modern "Our Massachsuttes State society found ranchers." who was the daughter We went out in the glas.ibottomed boat, an old lady aged 104, of the Revolution and we took the waters are so clear that objects at a of a. soldier disgreat pride in presenting her with a gold depth of fifty or more feet can be seen tinctly. You gaze down into the depths .badge. If any of you ladies come to New York and" most wonderful are the sights. Among the moving beds of "kelp with long green be sure you call at our headquarters. and bronze fronds reaching upward,, floats Xhursclays we have tea.1' MissIIunt has a the charming presence and won the hearts of ing with the tide were the gold fish,differthe members of the Wasatch chapter. man would call our attention to the" After the goodbyes were said Mrs. Wells-askeent fish and tell us where to look. See that "How many of the roses will you delicate greendiued keip fish, then a black and the reply came, "As ray, there an eel, sea serpent, an octopus, take with you?" sea snails, starfishes, sea urchins and a tiny many as you will give me, and as many as Then with the blue fish, and in the shallow waters the my hands can hold." and pleasant and good wishes for a delightful rocks were covered with there were most beautiful shells altogether trip through the Yellowstone whither she is going, Miss Hunt carried away a great a beautiful and fairy like spectacle. l; We hxd the drive, or island coach ride in bunch of the" lovely roses. ..; H. A.M. which the six in hand takes the rider up semi-tropi- c i -- - - - - ' . . . I C ; . vice-preside- , Avalon, Santa Catalina' Island, Cal.' S, 1S9S. Pratt, President, and ladi es of tin- Press Club: I bend .you my most cordial aud affectionate greetings; my sincere wishes lor a" pleas nit and restful summer. I will tell you as briefly as 1 can in a letter what' I have' been doing since I eft I'til:'. Two weeks were given to Sail Fian-eiscand vicinity, with frtqticnt calls at Camp Menitt. The boys were quite well n credit to their state, but disannonited that they were left as home guards when they expected to sail soon for the Philippines; but they need not be impatient they niav have their chance for active service and destruction. While it looks now as if the end were not far 111 the future, I am one who believes the war will be long, I have never felt quite sure it would end in a few. wewks. My sojourn was- pleasant as I have there, while much time was devoted to sight seeing. The last of June we cam; to Los Angeles, "City ofjhe Angels,' the garden of Kdeii as one friend remarked, aiict truly with Pasadena, Riverside and Santa ,Monica it is the garden spot, of California, though not so beautiful as. when f visited ihe ,place four years ago owing to the drouth. As usual we had an earthquake, light said the people, but it wakened me from a sound sleep and vay bed rocked three times and it was noisy. A friend at Redoude said there was a wall ot kelp several feet high in front of their so there must have been quite a cottage, disturbance somewhere. We visited the ostrich farm, not nearly so interesting as the one at the birds are Phoenix, Arizona, ' not ,:) large. vJjie of the most lovely halting places of J iay journey was at Avalcn, on Santa Cata-bnIsland. The train took lis to San Pedro harbor, 'we embarked on the steamer fralern and were-sooplowing the blue waters of Santa Catalina channel, the 'island about twenty miles distant. The trip across is a delightful experience, we were that a tpld, e person must be extremely to suffer with sea sickness, but a large majority were sensitive. The sky is clear, the water, blue, the air balmy, the flying ashes dart from the waves xaud fly an eighth f a mile: Something over two hours sail aud the Santa magic island . is reached. Dr. J o . t . r rcar-TrTjiH- .u.,f V. Trrcih m Sheltering him so far away, Though where shot and shell doth shower, He the missiles flight can stay, trust. the t.od of Battles! ;;Vt-. Live thou near Him day by day. Juh mile. 1 j I - 9s- - the mountains and over .the summits to.I.il- ctrv tle4IaoT. rewinds, up the niihiuvuuy.uvumisiMsi; 1 - t K. s. ;rcal;":l.J,hh h fe4r-:;"-' Kllis CaLau;:a 18 KXl'C)NEN.T. is a -- seu-sitiy- ' - : nt , the-Wasatc- h - -- a - 1 . v ' ' -- . . -- d , sea-aneinon- e, ; - T " 