if ia I' r ' " m- - v I m Balhtinlke Haniitcflthc :i jfc. Wo mat 'of Utah' v " ii - II I shonUtcji IWcr bdkr to the Home, vSAIr LAKH CITY, - UTAH, AUGUST 27 CONTENTS: ' i I i I I ii Sua-a.- . Thg Vol. infix and her devoted followers dur-th- e Critnetm war; and the American Sanitary ComniisMon during our own Civil War, we mi-- ht say, took the initiative; although they were not really the originators. There exited at that' time an instinctive leelin that hospital and ambulance nurses and doctors .should ever stand on mutual ground and remain as sicred as the white lia of tfuceHo all nations. ' in h;dy, During the battle J)r. Henry Durrant and his friend, Gustave Movner, were eye witnesses of the horrors of the battle field, and with these benevolent and the idea first found definite shape; but it was not until February 1863, that Dr. Durrant presented the subject to the society at Geneva, Switzerland; "suggesting that In times of peace, societies be formed for ihe much needed re lief of the wounded when war should again break-outThis resulted in appointing a committee to consider and examine into the merits of the case, then after much consideration and discussion" an international conference was called for the next October, which in "turn resulted in the calling of an international congress for the following year. At this conference the original articles of the Geneva convention were adopted which in .substance were as follows: For the neutrality of ambulances and military hospitals as long as they contain any sick. 2 For tint of their stall. That the neutrality of these" persons 3 shall continue after occupation of their hospitals 1))' the enemy, so they may stay or depart as they choose. That' if they, depart they can take 4 Xi-htin- Sped d PriThe Red Cross -- Ellis R. Shipp. We M oilier:? Andersoi. mary Meeting May alu 15, th State and the. Nm;ou. No. 6. 1S9S. Ikulen, Belgium, 'Denmark, Spain, Holland, France. Hesse, Italy, Portugal, Prussia ' and' Wirtemburg. .w t Tlie plan adopted arranged for an international committee to propagate the movement,. and that each nation should on. its own accord arrange for a national Red Cross Society. It was also agrevd that an EMTokial: Relief Society Confe ence. The international conference of all nations inter-- ' F. Notes. Hdi'orial War a d its fleets. ested should be held every four years to M. F. Human-ivconsider amendments, and as circumstances Poktky: ii lorrors of War R. and conditions demanded enlarge and imTo Frances for Cuba Mary IJaird Finch. prove upon the original idea. y;!V.fd Martha Shepard I.ippuicutt In ib6S the first quadrennial' was held in Geneva, amendments were made extending HORRORS OF WAR. its benefits to maritime warfare, also reserving the right to suspend these advantages even not tome of the glories of war, Nay, till the end of the war where it is known Of the glitter an1 fame, for my soul doth abhor that these privileges have been abused, and Such birbarous methoJs of righthii (?) a ro:: at least until the contrary is proven. Oh tell me,' ye prophets and sages, how long This is the foundation urxjn which the' Ere he mtions sha learn by devices of peace, Their differences to settle that bloodshed may great Red Cross of today is erected Changes in detail have occasionally been made cease ? and signed by the nations concerned; but My cou:.trv, my country, proud land of the free, only two of much importance have been Though thy cau-- e may te jut a?id thine aim made' The first, proposed by Russia, pro- liberty vides 'that all persons abusing the privileges Velwhat can atone for the blood of thy sons, of the Red Cross in times of war be treated And cf thy daughters, can- victories as spies and summarily dealt with." The .won?.' other is known as the civil branch, or the ..If thus 'thou. dost call it, when on ocean and plain. American amendment, and was introduced By thy hand thy brothers lie mangled and sUin. by our own Clara Barton, whoscjllustrious name is intimately' associated with the Red If this be ca!ed glory, then never again Cross movement. It seems that it took a May war and its triumph-- my fair country stain, unselfish nature to" woman's Miy the 'emblem of freedom so proudly afloat, devise such a code of reasoning as we find Waft peacetoUhe nations both near and r.emote, iu this amendment; which provides fonthe - red, "vwhite and blue inspire faith in May extension of tiiis relief- work of the Red mankind,. Cross in all national calamities such as Till war and oppression are left far behind. floods, fire, famine, pestilence and all My country, my country, e'en so shall it be, of sufficient gravity and magnitude Behold the bright stainjTTtTynfeTTrrvr to be considered of national importance. Will give to the light to promulgate a plan, cept in case of ambulances which they may But it was not until within a very recent remove entire.Aye a plan to redeem and fraternize man; that this usually wide awake nation Thus the flags of ad nations united I see, That a "sick soldier in a house shall be period 5 was aroused by the appeals of suffering. Which swells the glad chorus, we are free, we counted a protection to it and entitles, its humanity; notwithstanding these appeals - are free occupants to the exemption to the quarterwere repeatedly represented by her own unreof from war the and of R. M. F. part ing troops daunted daughter,Clara Barton,who has perJuly, 189S; quisitions. sistently and unflinchingly plodded ever 6 That wounded men shall when cured onward as only those can who work for the be sent back to their own country on condi benefit of others, her great aim being to tion of their not bearing arms for the rest THE. RED CROSS. palliate the woes and relieve the ills of all of the war. suffering huma.nity, and today she stands ' The Heaven born thoughi-thagave it birth, 7 That hospitals and ambulances shall as the leading Red Cross character of the Encircles now the sea and earth, of to their addition own the in flag carry world. ...Its. human hand wkh potent stroke , , nation a distinctive and uniform flag bearing, During the Civil war her services were of The. echoes of the world awoke, a red cross on a white grouud, and that incalculable value to the government in as-- ; l iil every heart is touched by human woe their staff shall wear an arm badge of the sistiug the Sanitary Commission, especially, And thrils responsive, be it friend or foe. same colors, in the medicaT department; and how her S --That the details shall be left to their Iu studying the history, objects and gentle heart must have been touched "by commanders. In speaking y the suffering she witnessed present status of this truly benevolent orof that war she says: "It had no ray of Out of compliment to the Swiss govern ganization one's feelings are naturally allured to the realms of the divine;' for at ment, which called the first congress, their this fraternal light," meaning the Red Cross. "The great commissions rose and 'every turn we feel the' inspiration of the national flag was adopted with the colors divine love which gave birth to the, first reversed; their flag being red with a white performed a work of relief hitherto un' .S ' cross. known, but from lack of military recognigrand inspiration. The true love of humanity, the desire to alleviate suffering, sorrow, It is quite," humiliating to our national tion their best efforts comparatively failed, conceit and the much boasted humanity and for lack, of permanent organizations pain, disease and'dtvath whenever and wherever it might be'ioand.is the main spring of of America that she ..was one of the last to their future possibilities were lost to the the Red Cross organization. Truly "Those adopt the provisions of the Red Cross, world." Clara Barton's One of Tvho love most are most like God, for God greatest acheive-mentwhile Spain was one of thefirst twelve naand no doubt a labor attended with is love." The tender sympathies of woman tions represented at the Geneva convention. the greatest anxiety, was the war she waged has had- much to dor with the inception America was even behind Turkey and Per of this grand idea. The efforts of Florence sia." The honored t wel ve are Switzerland , with her own nation, wherein for fifteen I L. tir'eeue Richards. Foreign Fetter Sevfrne Snou Wiibcck. A Visit to Hear Lake L)dia I). In Mem Alder. U. W. P .C Aimee Schyier. Ladies Meeting. oria.tn-- Semi-monthl- y - y " 1 1 . -- ; of-Solfcri- . s . 1 ; ' it- far-reachin- g, ... - dis-aster- s - " & - . . ! . " t . : ; ! . - . j I ! ; ; ' ' ' : , s, . 