WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 4) the preat events, which are according to siens of the times now. fast apjwHrag. .;. Earthquakes m divers places, ana heavine bevond its Ixmuds, and now -- -- ' 111 .11 ,i V.i-J"..i...- Vl i .irii'HtiiM'i -.-- -j of'Mrrn. csiivmH. 1 all these things fill men and women wim fear, according to the scriptures; only the spirit of. God in the hearts and His power made manifest through His priesthood Will exhelp even those who are' trying to live emplary liyes to' stand the trials that seem just upon the inhabitants of the world.. 1 .JL-liste- tlieth -- : . Elizabeth Parkinson felt happy:, Sister W time of rejoicing . 11 w imams tuore a faitU..i lsier Kcoecca limi! testimony to the worn 01 me Lord, 'exhort ing me osiers 10 uc prayenui and ' place their trust in the Lord. Sister E B. Wells of Salt Lake City felt happy to. meet with the 'brethren and sisters here in the Relief Society confcrenct Said ''The sisters of the of Malad Stake. Relief Society are advancing in knowledge. We must be active workers if we wish the Lord to assist us, and unless w e are obedient -- frJpW H-th- V. Ward then gave in good reports of fc' Portage and Washakie a sociations. of 1898. C, sometime in the spring The Omaha meetings will opca on vljontinuc until me 29111, ton, D. e Mississippi and ... International . : . Exposition. , The readers of the "Exponent", w'ili that' the .National Council of Women is the great organization of which nhe 'National Woman's Relief Society and the Y. L. M.N. I. A.- form a part. It is of great National organizations and hundreds of thousands of women. Rapidly the days are approaching when represents in Zion and Jerusalem will there be The president, of each of the organizations only com-pose- - The November election is not far off and it is certainly one of the most important elections in the history of Utah.The elective franchise given to the women of the State ought to mean something more than a mere plaything to be used or thrown aside, it should siana lor sacreu privileges, 101 iuc betterment of all classes, for reforms' in all places, fur better conditions in all industrial pursuits and the establishment, fostering and maintenance of such industries as shall the give employment to all And women and children as well as men. in connection with this the .silk industry which comes nearest to the home, and nearest to the hearts of the women of this State raubt not be forgotten. By all means the women voters should acquaint themselves with this subject and if they would they would soon discern that the State through its officers in its several departments should understand that the women's vote Wilt be given to' the men and vomen who will help, lift- the burden of taxation, ana to those who will introduce such measures as will bring work for the idle and means into the home, and whatever benefits the homes of the people benefits the State. According to the words o( Brighain Young, the late president and founder of Utah, there is no industry so well calculated to bring wealth to Utah as the silk industry, and there is We every facility here for its production. as a people are aware that there is heavy indebtedness to be met, why not establish iius muubiry 10 asMbi 111 paying 011 me debts? There are plenty of idle hands that should be given work. Think of this subject, there have been object lessons given you. The silk curtains made here for the exhibition at the World's Fair in 1S93 now on exhibition in Omaha, are said by connoisseurs to be fit to grace a PariC salon. The Octoler first number of the "Exponent" will contain a number of articles on the silk industry, its past, present and future in Utah, from those practically en gaged in the work and from those who have had experience in looking alter its interests connected vith the association, and have made a point of studying the subject thor- iAiia cujncs win uc iucu iur dis.uuuij. tribution. ;. wage-earner- s, - 'EXECUTIVE MEETINGS IN OMAHA. NATIONAL COUNCIL OR WOMEN. The circulars for the Executive Meetings to be held in Omaha have, been received, and a program mapped out shows the scope of the plan of work to be done or to be at- uc iuc is iixecuuve iciipicu. -- meeting before the Triennial of the National Council which will be held in Washing- - ton . d in forming the Council is the Council proper. Many imiortant mat- "to those over us we cannot gain an ters pertaining, to women and to humanity exaltation placed in the kingdom of our F;ithir." are to be discussed at these sessions, some Spoke on the subject of silk culture and of of them are of vital interest to our "some of the teachings of the Prophet Jobtph tive associations, and it would be very deto the Relief Society in Nauvoo Said the sirable to have as large a number from children should assist their mothers, felt each society connected with the Council as that the sisters were truly blest here ia could possibly attend. meet with having the (1.) The first question open for discusthem, gave much good instruction on sion is "Shall the next Triennial which is many different subjects. to be convened in 1S99 sit in two houses?" President Lucinda Hoskins adjourned (2.) Shall the National Council of Wothe conference until 2 p. m. Singing, men of the United States, unite in recoin-- . Benediction by John Thornton, Constitumending an amendment Afternoon session opened by the choir tion of the International Council of WoPrayer singing "O ye mountains high." men, the object of which shall be to secure by Bishop Enoch Harris. Singing "We a more direct representation of the work thank Thee O, God for a prophet." and interests of the organizations belonging President Lucinda Hoskins gave counsel to the National Council in the International to the Relief Society in regard to their Council? duties, urged them to be persevering, take Both these matters are of great i m rxjrta-nccare of the poor, comfort the sick and heed "and so are the Resolutions which have been the commandments of our Father in heaven. noticed in the preliminary, program. One She had visited a number -- of branches introduced by Mrs. Kate Waller Barrett is: around the Stake and found the sisters all "Resolved, That there be a standing comto do their duty. mittee formed in the National Council of striving The Woodruff branch was then reported Women of the United States to consider the by Counselor Margaret Davis as being in case of dependent and delinquent children." This is to be discussed fifteen minutes. good working order. Sister Elvira Harrison The next one by Mrs. Anita Oliphant, reported the St. John's branch. "The sisters are always willing to do. anything they are thirty minutes: called upon to do by those placed over "Resolved, That the National Council of them." , Women strenuously opposes the plan purSister E. B. Wells said that by being orsued by many' institutions of ganized in the Relief Society we become breaking up families and separating mother --be t te each a i iitetrridrTirrr-tolo- ve removing responsibili- - other better with the love the Gospel ties Irom those who ought to bear them Spoke of the necessity of storing and puttine additional burdens imnn thp brings. said this work was established by grain, charitably disposed in a community; that the direct counsel of the Prophet Brighara the National Council thinks it best to keep Young. Wc should have grain on hand mother and child together whenever possifor a time of need. "Teach your children ble; and when it is found that the environthe law of tithing, strive to live in all the ments cannot be elevated, the Council believes that children should be placed in ways of the Lord and pay an honest tithing ourselves." Spoke on many interesting families and not institutions. " subjects. Sister Eliza A. Hall bore testimony to the remarks made by the. brethren and sisR, S, REPORTS. ters and to the divinity of the Gospel. President O. C. Hoskins, Counselor J; MA LAD STAKE. M. and Counselor ; Wm. H The Relief Society quarterly 'conference Gibbs.McCrary, made encouraging remarks, exhortof the Malad Stake of Zion convened at the sisters to be ing in performing Portage August 13, 1898. President Luch-d- a all their dutiesln the diligent Kelief Society. Hoskins presiding. On the stand were The conference adjourned for three Stake President 0. C. Hoskins and Counmonths. Meeting closed by singing "May selors J. M. McCrary and Wm. H. bibbs Benewe w'ho know the joyful sound." also Mrs. E. B. Wells of Salt Lake diction pronounced by J. Mansfield. City Meeting opened by'singing "God moves in Another branch in our Relief Society was a mysterious way." Prayer was offered Counselor J. M, McCrary. Continued by organized in Malad Stake on July io, 1S9S. by It is also a new ward in this Stake, the singing "Up.awake ye defenders of Zion " name is Pleasant View, Oneida Co., Idaho.. Roll called, minutes of last conference read The following are names of officers: Lucy and accepted. Sister E. B. Wells of the General Board E Wright, president; Sarah W- Jones and Emeline E. Thomas, counselors; Jane being present, asked to hear reports from M. Evans, secretary; Caroline Jones, the presidents of the different hmnow treasurer; President Jane H. Harris, President Eliza ( Eliza A. Hall, See. vice-preside- safety. j nt c, re-spe- Stake-presidenc- -- Dox-olog- to-th- y. e f -- .. e child-carin- g tccjtierc r--acju -- , - . . 