and pbnvcrsation. ' I d i prayerful the Lord would krSiet4(r rVarttxC hv Counselor' Adams. She also bore testimony to the A Id rich ,work. truth ' of the hatter-daby the president in society was Sister Eliza Rust, president good order. of Cainsville Society, reported mil. They of their benefit the for lot cultivate an acre society, she also stated the, young sisters uere members and were united with Uiem and acted as assistant teachers. Sister Thisbe Hanks bore a faithful testimony to the truth of the Gospel, spoke the power of the priesthood in administering to the sick and upon the gift of and exhorted the young to be" faithful. he had President W. E. Robison y . KXPONhNT. WOMAN'S 70 " cn Ji .it mucl need to tram their children in; the right way, nothing gave her more pleasure than to gather her little ones around her and instruct them in the things of God.; God knows our very thoughts and if we are faithful' lie will It is a bless us according to our needs. great mission to be a mothershe felt grate ful for every. dear little one intrusted to hercare and desired great- - wisdom to guiae 'Motors "so" ;y testimonies are engaged true. u -- that the work we '" in is Counselor Rhoda C. Himnan said Gut U pleased, with us when we lay asid- - ur labors and attend our meetings. We are blest' "abundantly and have many opx)r-tnnititf- s todav we did not have a ffur v,- -. ago. We should improve our time and progress in wisdom and knowedge. Our mission is to look after the poor and afflict', ed, hoped we wuld always be found doing our duty. - ' a desire to d6 them aright. Sister Annie" Layne said she knew the The congregation then sang "The spirit The "Lord is spirit of God was with. us of God like a fire is burning." blessing the people in .this Stake of Zion Counselor Jane Hiuman said: "Mothers Felt gratearid we should not complain. have great responsibilities, carry the spirit ful that her children were all in the Church. the remarks of the sisters and the Sister Martha Quintou said although and instructions you have received here to homes". Let us show by our works spirit of the meeting, would .have ' teen their numbers were few they could realize yon r pleased if more of the brethren had been the promise of the Savior, that when a few that we love God and .keep His command, Me was gratified to know that meet in His name 'His spirit will, be with ments." present. Elder Niels Hanson said he had the sisters were energetic in saving grain, them. Knew she had been healed by the greatly .edified in meetingwith the sisters, of God and felt grateful for the kindappreciated their lalors and' spoke very enpower couragingly of the same, wished them sucness of the sisters during her illness. Said knew they were trying to perforin thtir cess and prayed God to bless them. if we would attend our meetings we would duties as mothers and they could not be enSister Elizabeth Jeffry of Loa bore testilc built up and return to our homes re- gaged in a greater work. , Felt grateful he mony to the lovely truths of the Gospel, freshed .and be better prepared to attend, to had heard and embraced the true Gospel of said we should practice the spirit of love the cares and duties of life. Go before our Chrit, that his children could be brought and charity and sustain the Relief Society Heavenly Father and He will lighten our up under the right influence. Prayed Gd to bless works. the our sisters with good by burdens. strength to perConference adjourned for six months. Sister Eliza Leavitt had received a testi- - form their duties. President "Woolf had been 'delighted with Singing "Redeemer of Israel." Benedic mony to the truth of the work, felt to do tion by G. S. JJastian. the conference. Said: "Sisters make an I her duty. effort to attend your meetings and the Lord Anna Cou;man, Sec. Elder Charles Quintou addressed the Doi not be backSaid there never has been a time will open up the way. CANADA. AI.BKKTA, in the history of the Church-whethe ward- in arising to bear your testimonies, it will strengthen you. Teach "your children The Relief Society of Alberta Stake held Saints have been more blessed than at the to honor the priesthood, if we teach them present time, we are blessed with inspired its annual conference at the Leavitt meetknew the sisters were inspired 3nd correct principles they will not depart from ing house October "S, 1S9S, 'President Mary leaders, them. Teach them faith practically, when L. Woolf presiding. Singing "Glorious spoke by the spirit of God. Whatever we are called upon to do, it is our duty to rethey are sick have them kneel with you things of thee are sxken." Prayer by and pray together for the recovery of those Klder Niels Hanson. Singing "Come let spond. He had laid aside his labors to at tend the conference and felt blessed in so. afflicted." us anew." ' Roll was called showing thirCounselor Jane Hiuman then presented teen officers present each resjonding with a doing. President Mary L. Woolf made a few the names of the General and Stake officers, sentiment. Minutes of the forenoon ses- . Felt grateful for the all were unanimously sustained. closing remarks. PremVlfnf Annn Hit- sweet influence that had been in our midst. proved. the good time we had had together and President Woolf said the object in hold.Meeting was adjourned until 2 p. m. Singthanked the sisters for their kindness to her ing our conferences in other wards was to ing" Where the oice of friendship's heard." --mothe rv give all the sisters a chanc t" nttfMuV -- Betted May Lula Ibey bore her testimony. 1 here is a She Afternoon session, President Mary L. great mission lor mothers, she had been faith realized it more every day. She wished Woolf presiding. taught practically from her Singing "Guide us 0 had been healed youth, the sisters to be punctual and enjoy the Thou Great Jehovah." by faith and adPrayer by Elder ministration. Spoke of the words uttered spirit of God that will be given when in Franciv Broadbent. Singing "O my our late by President Wilford Woodruff at We should look Father." the line of our duties. Minutes of afternoon session nf conference. We do not apprecomfort Hle April those afflicted previous conference read and approved. after the poor and and downcast. We should also visit those Iat? th.e da' we live in; the coming of the If desired all the presidents nearer our door than we realize. who are coming into our midst and make of the several ranches of the society to" kSavlor Desired to be energetic them " welcome. ubscribe for the Exponent, ' " urged' the lM us liYQ ithfully and ; be nreDared for and perform the, labors required of her. sisters to sustain it, said it was a. valuable the blessings that await us, pray for the President Anna Baker, of Leavitt had paper. and cultivate the gift Spo,ke of the building that the spirit of discernment " been, unabk to attend her duties being alsociety wanted to erect in Salt Lake Citv of faith. .' most constantly at the bedside of her for the purpose of holding the Relief SociMeeting vtts 'adjourned for. three months. ' mother, asked for the faith and prayers of ety, conferences. She wished the sisters to Singing "I long to breathe the mountain the sisters in her mother's behalf. Benedictiou by Brother Charles ,assist those who preside and donate liberCounselor Sarah Broadbent of Leavitt Quintou. ally for the purpose. ".the society as being in a prosperous ; President Sarah Daines said: Mary L. Ibky, Act. Sec. "We are blesscondition. She knew the listers were engaged in a grand and noble work, if we ed with the spirit of God and desired to do could all understand our duties and all in their power to roll on the great work. them we should be a power in the IN MEMORIAM. President Elizabeth Webb reported the Imd. .Mothers are looked to as an example Mountain View society. ELEANOR PATTERSON. Although in. a for their children, they should set worthy scattered condition the sisters were united' examples.' We should teach; our children On Saturday, August 20, 1898, Sister Eleanor and faithful in performing their labors. to reverence the priesthood of God and His Patterson departed this life in her home at St. Counselor Elizabeth Leavitt of Leavitt house of worship and show respect to the Johns, Ar'zona. She. was thirty-fou- r years and felt to do her duty as a worker in the Re- - aged. J' eleven old. She had born to her sbudrls, Reported the Cardston ward, the Jour of days whom are still living, and one boy, which lief Society.. sisters were all faithful in their labors. scvc " 'nins old at her death. Her health Counselor Eva Hanson of Etna society Said .We IllUSt h.ivf rlinritvr irArx ra has vv c been such since its birth that she has not been uvuu, said- - they were in a very scattered condiare all God's children, we jshould able to the heavenly gift she had so much for enjoy pray tion and it was difficult for the sisters to atthose who are downcast and: afflicted. desired, and fact she had been a sufferer for in ' tend their meetings, but if they would be about V .previous? ...,CounseloL :E.Davidson-6- f Mt Mew said it She was . b-e- . I con-ferenc- e. n ; . .'- --r. -- : ic-t&n-l nsdor-Jmttrinma- ;y--Cou : Tr; -- - 4 y air' re-port- ed - per-for- m , - ; ' two-years- a consistent Latter-da- y Saint, a true 