77 Vol. ... MrM. rC- - ihUotin the Hands A. of the Women 26, . Goes I5y If. II. Hennttt. Mary A. Free ze. Hisp nia Lyc'ia Poetry: The Flag THE FLAG GOES BY. HatsoT! Along tbestrtet therlTcohies """" A blare of bugles, a ruMle of drums, A flash of color beneath the sky; Hats off! The flag h passing by ! steel-tippe- d - s and grim and great, Fought to make and to save the State. Weary marches and sinking ships; Cheers of victory .on dying lips; Days'of plenty and years of peace; March of a strong land's swift increase; land-fight- ts - As the keen and vivid iihtning He pierced. proud error's shield, Aggressive, bold defiant He compelled the foe. to yield, Or lake the awful thunder PeaJingJoud from height to height, 4 He swayed the fate of nations, And stood fearkss in hU might. Yet this brave and gifted leader Was tender in his love, In his care for v. ife and children lie was gentle as a dove, ' In his character was mingled The stern, the fierce, the kind, Defiant when beset by wrong, Yet graceful and lefined. Equal justice, rLht aid law, Stately honor and everend awe; 1 Sign of a nation great and strong, '! o ward her people from foreign wrong; Pride and glory and honor, all' , Live in the colors to stand or fall, . off!; ; is passing by! The .flag ..... . . !. " Voyth's Companion,. MARTIN LUTHER. - T This wonderful Reformer : I've chosen for my theme, t AlthVi'h name has echoed down the stream And Of time, while bards and orators Have sung arid spoke his praise, With eloquence enchanting, . And with sweet, harmonious lays. re-echo- Most surely was the part he played In the history of our race, All planned by an Almighty power, E'en the very time and place, That he should do his brave, bold deeds, ni4aQ..helpLtheJ2Qy:was given A InrpW. nnhle mother. X JLVVJTo teach of God and heaven. - - Patriotism Mary TiSS' HEXit-ouL- O - has-offere- extent an is to a certain s in- . i1 1 1 the-Son- . .. sif 1 d self-sac- ri brave." America, dear America! even now the clouds are dark and threatening, but you will triumph. Von r noble sons and daughters are willing to undergo any trials lor you. And our FaTtiertTrir this continent as an inheritance to his children will smile upon you in maintaining everlasting freedom. Our aim is high. It is to imbue our sons and daughters with the love "of liberty- and unity which are the greatest blessings vouchsafed a nation. Our object is to study the divine, institutions of our country. To make ourselves familiar with the history of our country and with the lives of our great men and women. In fact our object is to be in close touch with everything American, and to inculcate in the minds and hearts of cur children such a love for country that never will a foreign nation he abletow'ithstand Jhe "bravery and huuianity Qf the sons .and daughters of this fair land, America; . . . - . Freeze. d-tl Government: SiQO,0oo for the war. SOCIKTY. herent fjuality. Yet it can lx. cultivated and should le anions the. American peopk Our children should tarly tx. imbued with a reverence and love for the divir.e constitution of our country given, as we believe it was, to the fouiuU-rby our Heavenly Father. The name of this society, Daughters of the Revolution, suggests a variety of thoughts. The ,I)avJh.rs,, from the time of the landing of the Filgrim Fathers have occupied a j rdiTiTn eii F pi Jce Tn th e t ni d t n g if p of this rreat conutrv. While they were not in nlliugpositions of prominence encouraged : .. . ii was eonuueive uieir pnei iiume mnuence of making the greatest patriots and statesmen. We know that to a mother's influence is attributed the greatness of her sons, and noble. America are great-auOur mothers have always been ficing; and devoted in their patriotism to The struggles, their beloved country. hardships and privations they have endured can never be known in this world. Vet they have always been satisfied aud happy m the knowledge that it was all for America, "The laud of the free, and the home of the He knew not fear but fear of God, Which garnished all his life, Where'er that led him there he walked, However fierce the strife, Though mighty powers rebuked him, Defiant, grand and bold, He scorned them, taking for his shield, . The Scriptures had of old. And from that flame he kindled Has grown a brilliant fire, Blazing aloft unto the heavens, While all the world admire. The good will ever "honor him And on the scroll of fame, In letters bright will ever glisten Martin Luther's name. A. UHJKCTS AND AIMS Ul THJ . 41 st-ee- No. 23. DAUGHTERS OF THE REVOLUTION. . Hats off! t there comes Along the A blare of bug'es, a ruffle of drums; And loyal hearts are beating high: 'Hats Amid a world of chaos . Where al: wis tiark and dim; As a brilliant, fiery meteor He shot forth, and to him, All generations owe Their love and homage true, For to him the precious liberty We have is largely due. With al his powers he battled 'Gainst the false and for the true. His deep religious nature And the evil . he iiad known, . Made him separa e from his fellows, And seek the covenant lone. While here his soul found respite Ffom the burden of his sin, As he learned the.Sarior's mission Th tt salvation he might win. The burning words he uttered, Came not from lips alone, But from the.1 our recesses, And from reasons lofty throne. So they touc'iecTthe hearth of other? Wi h convincing mighty power, And the niarca of tuth swept onward Gaining converts hour by hour. E'en angels seemed to aid him As they soared on wings of love, Bearing with them Lu.her's message, Inspired from above. And when the Church assaidhim, He bravely stood his ground, True to God and conscience, Though tiemons hovered lound. tc Blue and crimson and white it shines, Over the ordered ;ines. Hats ofl! The colors before us fly: But more than the fla.j is passing by. Sea-figh- Poirer to better the Home, the Slate and the NatJcnl . H. If. UHNNLTT.. I5V of Utah should be a . Gov. Wtl's's Proclamation"."" The War with Spain. Utah PUiiotism. ' Mtlba's Concert. Editorial Notes. XJ - . Editorial: Martin Luther D. Alder. V SALT IjAKI; CITY, UTAH, MAY r, iSoS." CONTENTS: Daughters of the' Revolution Chrissa L. S. Williams Frances Elizabeth Viilaal F. R. Wells. M.s. Henrotin's Letter. Ladies' Semi, DT monthly Meeting-- L. Alder, Act. Sec. R. S. Reports. In Memo iam. Ma y R. Goodlife. Esther Goodlrfe. C ara Dirton 111 Tampa Florida. A Testimonial vm. .. jit'Vi T I " Clarissa l. b. Williams. FRANCES ELIZABETH WIJ.LARD. read at thk utaii woman's press CLUB APRIL 30, 1898. - r . me in my mjud's eye I have picture of Miss Wrillard as I saw her day after day in the President's place at the National Council of Women in Washington in the month of February 1 8g it The pic-tur- e is a beautiful one, of a woman who Before knew exactly how to conduct a meeting of thousands lof women congregated together Her very presence for mutual helpfulness. jdea of her' rare qualities in Sut)jectsTjSher .dealing with people "iswell .eJiDthj; ' : 