1' .V ,xa ..Vitt- - .. tut. u'ixf:;,t tTv.-i-MThehourhen dy is dyingand ,he Ii;. . . ' I ... , bright, n i i pvir (ornis and facei ,far away, are 'pictured " The old house is de erted now, its. inmates all have lied. the.churchyard', sleepin, numbered i'h.the tleadrr-- Some have gone to foreign lands, 'mid "strangers they are cast, Ion i often wonder if they think of happy da s Some are in . .. past. futures When we built our castles in the air, of fair and bright, and the castjes all But time; brought changes, " vanished from our sight The fire is dying, day has fled strange shapes no more' I see, Jheiat within my memory locked, holds all its charms for me. T calls silently from uncertain The future dim, -- " afar, With faith and love for a motto, and hope for FiiiEL " B. Ferguson. DAUGHTERS OF EVE. In the oldest of all historiesthe Bible-wo- man stands out prominently in the procession of characters and Sarah, Ruth,. m- Esther, Delilah and the Marys' hre the that move the world. The!, women of the their present time are only as "yet making and history. The mother of Washington the heroines of Lexington will be better remembered in the centuries to come than they are now. It was a woman that put heart into the weary soldiers with the It was a grandest war song ever written. woman's taste in bunting that gave us the tor glorious stars and stripes, and it .was sweetwomen, mothers; wives, sisters and hearts that those same soldiers sang, and I believe that intelligence singing died. arnationsof-aU-the-varied-piisaio- ns -- -- ; and a sense of freedom and equality with men does not unfit a woman for the, cares oi home and children; rather that contact with the world of thought and action widens her sympathies and strengthens her judgment. s And her influence with her sons and daugii-tersathan they grow up is ten fold greater mother. She may that of the .be less confiding, less clinging, but more knowing- ,- Let us educate our daughters old-fashion- ed cherish 4Leir only to love, honor and Husbands, but to have other aims in lite - not .. woman's soul and mind must st "Love is immeasurably abov e ail ambition - s nou-ucees.scs- jIPACtiltivatej in the tire; I And in tne hirooding calm hear, sweet tones of harp and lyre,my mother's fa;e the same Before me come sweet, tender smile, when we. partThat cheered my drooping spirits, ed for awhile. at nie in childish glee, My httle sister laughs again l.once My brothers, friends '"rnore"return to me.' l lived when The little, humble toltagel.uhere. hut a boy, old held n AH trouble was a dream to me, li'e's , a. d. .. and-jlioojmate- .:.. in-tere- ' . more precious than wealth, more noble than name. lie knows not life who knows not that; he hath not" Itlt the . slightest faculty cf the soul who hath not enjoyed it;'! while the new woman asks, "Is love alone worth living for worth dying for?" It is the' only satisfying' good we can grasp among the shifting shadows of our brief existence. In'its various phases and dlTer-en- t workings is it after all the brightest . radiance known in the struggling darkness of our lives? And does love always satisfy ? Men find their pay for living in various ways. Hope may lie to them, but they always believe her, nevertheless. The better things to come of which .she tells all i men become i ud.eed the substance of the "thing desired; that is expectation is The pay for joy and inspiration. this day's toil is the .reward" which is expected tomorrow. That reward may never come but tlje hope remains, and so long as that remains, and so long as that lives it pays them to live that they may make money and command the power that money brings. If a truth it is that "man's love is of his life a thing apart," why should it be "woTo what an man's whole existence?" jenonnous'toil and sacrifice the love and pursuit of money urge a great multitude of men until they become so absorbed in the the exciting struggle as to almost forget or at to things that were once so dear tothem; words or least forget to give expression acts that mean so much to our own, given us to be good to. Oftentimes they, love life in redearly, yet live a stingy, miserly when gard to theifTichest inward treasures,of this a few words or deeds expressive love would mdfke them both so much hapAnd some women are so weak, so pier. -fietpless, so facrificingequiriiig. arm to lean upon. It is and steady strong or woman to go very iifticult for either mannever takes heed on believing In a love that for the object loved.' The greatest heroism I have ever found in human nature has who been in the lives of women. The mancreatrisks his life to rescue some drowning enure is not so brave as many a wife who dures neglect, indifference and even disloysworn to be her proalty from one who has tector; and sits through long, lonely in at home, looks alluring temptation sinil-iiig a the eyes and turns away, carrying face to the world. The physical pam, the lonely hours that the woman make half the life of the average Would drive the average man to the; insane middle age. How asylum before he reached if much we might make of our family hie of we only would, of our social intercourse, words our friendships. How many kind make we could speak, how '.many hearts glad' v vV; I), Lawikk. -- . eve-ning- heart-hunge- r, : u. v. r. d reach out and be an inspiration to her litis-bauLearn something of his affairs, yourself in his 'work. What you Aliusb.nui. soon ceases to care very much' about a wife .who is mentally his inferior. Thackeray says, fancy pa.ss befo.re.me, the scenes of other c!.is, old-fashione- 'iff2o&J n A - my '' whom a. crt)ss 'urd saddened he for a week. ;Marnag-nf:c- d not ne.cessanly be a iailurc. .i:n .i IIIr t,:..i. !!. rn VEJt 1 !! II l UIKMUUII II IS tllliltlllL hut it is so fine in its perfection 'itainment; i . uiui conitfnsatcs lor many l one-.succes- s die shadows slowly lengthen, in the tender. g'aare, !:i0lr 1 . ; . riding light. coa,s of , fire' fantastic figures meet U'"- glowing In f yieldtug, T thouRiitlul silence, on trie ournmg tin. j.;,7.'m;i i . is YH . xroii duvk logins t(T- -i. lAA.Yr tiYiid, s Tinr ladies of the. U.'W. l'ratt's Dr. R. B. P. C. met at parlors Dec. 30, i897,"the Pratt presiding. Mrs Mary A. Freeze opened the evening's pro-- , Iresident Dr. R; 11. gram with prayer. Roll call was responded Minutes of to with maxims of Confucius. the Thanksgiving meeting were read and approved. Mrs E; 11 Wells moved that each member, furnish a date, cup and saucer and spoon for club use;carried..... ... Mrs. Klla Hyde, gave a very creiitable pajKT on the subject of Confucius, followed by remarks by the menVbers thereupon. A paper by Mrs. M. A. Freeze on Martin Luther met. with high appieciatiou. An historic paper on Polynesia by Mrs. Emma Jensou was replete with interest It was suppleand valuable instruction. mented with questions and remarks by the members and followed by "Hawaii" by' Mrs- - Mary J. Lambert. Dr. R. li. Pratt gave a very complete paper on Mongolians,; teeming with interest, and information. Mrs. Emma jensou vas admitted as a member. Adjourned for 'one mouth. Benediction by Mrs. MariaJFrancis. Exotic plants and oriental lights added attraction to the evening. A dainty lunch was served in harmony with the entertainment while quaint and precious ornaments, valuable table ware,-- mother of pearl of other' articles representative in Oriental customs were exhibited, giving all a most delightful evening. M. J. Lamiiivkt, Sec. . PROGRAM I'OR JAN. 3I, 1S9S. Sentiments from Gcethe. Music by Prof. of A briel sketch McClellan. Ruth-MFox. by Xotable Cobb. song by Camilla C' men of.Germany by Rebecca II. Doolan. Ger-man- y Ger-ma- n in (German Mrs. Belle V. Bun "licTL Xotable women ot Uermany by nat-tiDarker.- Music mandolin, and guitar, Mrs. Bunnell and Master Mark Bunnell. The club will meet by invitation at Mrs. Bunnell's, 126 1st Street. itum pn.tvww- AVVV - e - ' Miss Susan de Foricst.Day has applied for a sailing master's license and will probably, ieceive it. She owns the steam yacht of the Scythian, on which she lives most l' in time, aud she is said to' be well up acquirements, to say nothing of her undoubted practical experience. Alicense was refused the other day to Lady Bruden-e- l Bruce in England on the gr.enind that a woman could not, legally be a "master," The even of a yacht belonging to herself. difference of opinion in America is well ' shown in the words of the late Secretary Tribune says: Folger. The New York to the local "Secretary Folger's directions stand out in pleas- - y inspectors on this point obstinate conservatism ing contrast to the which has just been exhibited in England. His orders were, 'Let the local inspectors, thought of her sex, putting behind them all without antagonism and without partiality make diligent inquiry as to her character, and. the proofs she carefully examine her that her offrs and if they are satisfied habits of life capacity, her experience, her and character warrant a belief that she can and re- be safely entrusted with the duties K;i;tic nf a master of a steam vessel, to , let them grant her a license according Ex. Section 4,439 tech-nicn- . . -- . ; ' 