WOMAN'S "EXPONENT, 'emrieraiihis " ' Fifty Years," "A Chissie Towj" and "A 4Iiti tv-uMt- f' NationaPCouvention in Detroit, Michigan to celebraVe the first de in October cade of temperance work rejoicing- over complete, organisations of the Woman's Temperance Uiuon in the 48 - -- V"--.'Vs- ' Are sHepjOir Ittihc unst.; Children of thy bae ingratitude shudder to read ' ' : t:;e t.r!; , fiisrt.d-.hlp'alluring th IJctraycii of s :. (juiltlc to destitution, thou hast been. and Haughty I'r i: ajfJthoj, but hvthe dut thtJu jlultJie, An ul jet t v.i pity for tyrants everywhere. o heaven,so clanging loud Thy nr.s j.; IV'- reaelu thy cor. .ict chains, ' Now thy doom And Cuba Mint be free! Deep.Kro.ins to Go ', ascend ftom ken l.ui'H. Brave Cuba thou This poor ih ilt be fr 1 Thy murmuring winds low sound the dying's Young ."Journalist," the last as written in as oife of conjunction with Lady Somer.-vtuKre the committee of the Temper Congress at the Columbian Exposition h: rendered a of the United' States. most helpful work to humanity. During Miss Willard took charge of the work the .last few failed so since her yean when the White Cross movement was admuch from overwork she has lived jnuch of de of this Union as a the ftature the time w ith Lady Somerset in her beautiopted velojed more- rapidly than any part of the ful and magnificent home iir England, a work thousands and tens of thousands of 'congeniality between these t'v.o women lias signatures were obtained for the better held them fast in a sublime and sacred, . legal protection of women and gills and friendship. deterpresented to Congress; through these "Lady Somerset says in her article in the mined efforts legislative action was secured North American Rcvieic: "Wc do not forOn get in in almost every state and territory. England that' to "no other- philanbecame. Miss Willard deepihe Pacific Coast thropist did we ever give so warm a welro in. ly impressed by the misery consequent upon-th- come. The great meeting at K.xeter Hall Th.y gravis tlie mourner's sigh,' while. opium habit and succeeded in' sending that was held in her honor was.pipbably the I'lood n.l trar- be.kpre:ul the land. Mrs. Mary A.- - .Leavitt. out as a missionary 'most representative gathering that has ever Hut s t.nner u.'th wave across woto the Sandwich Islands, Australia, Japan, assembled to grcetany great man or The sea, where ll it the stars and stripes, was she are we Africa and Europe, man on that historic platform, and China, India, to break the for A mighty arm U friends ng of hosts her laid at laurels absent eight glad to. know. that we tyra'nt's lu d, feet while vet the homage could bring a Lo! o'er. tliV wor! the shout rings 'wildly out, . and. winning Uieinjcthe -The British Woman's Temperance: Union: smile tol:er. face a n d 3v outs of "praise euuld . rejoice! f jrJu W.s free J had been previously organized and Mrs. still rejoice her heart. Frances Willard felt that a womaa owed And hhall the .Maine' forgotten be.'though iri the Margaret Lucas, the. sister of John Bright mud 'he lies ? (and afterwards first president of the it to all other women to live as bravely, as World's Christian Temperance Union) was helpfully and as grandly as she could. Sent to l;er doom by treacherous foes, .who came MinK. B. Wki.ls. in f iendly ue ? present at the National Convention at was Her crew asleep, a night most dark, no tears or neapolis, .Minn.', in iSS6Her reception ' rising in pity rise; magnificent thel. convention HISPANIA. The signal came,md the Battle S ip.upward dashgroups to honor her first the crusaders, es toward the skies. then the New England States, then. the. blood The is staled doom HISPANIA tliy and Western The will waves hush the martyrs dniek and end Middle States, after these the their quivering pain; Pacific Coast and last the Southern, while Of innocence cries for vengeance. ... and Blood from waved Death closes o'er aud deep they lie, to never' rise English , and American flags the platform and all joined in singing "God Tea s mark thy pathway for centuries, again, thou Woinust. so sown Dominion hast The And as thou A d sisters pray, and mothers weep for those save the. Queen." among the (lead, man's Christian Temperance Union in CanReap.tears and blood fJr thy portion. ada has been another powerful organization The noble Inca?, trusting, unsuspecting, though And fathers too whose hair is gray their hope nations are united in forever fled. j long among the dead, and now thirty-fivAnd widow's hearts with anguish break, and orthe World's Christian Temperance Uniou,-an- Cry for thy downfall. the wearers of the white ribbon num- - Romantic' thou in love, thy troubadours singing phans cry in vain; their tender passion For the Sacrifice, whosailed away on the fated, ber three hundred thousand half of the Maine. of the light guitar, where silver . residents of the United States. To the tune . .1.. r. t mourner weeps thy doom Hispani.it for thee no Miss Willard was reelected prcs;deatnLtne fter iSto. but Love's soft light from shining lustrous eyes reward forever t die, the of V" On history's jnge thy name goes out, thy debt a lover's kiss; in xS87 she was elected president of liberty to satisfy. But under their smilin?, base treachery World's Christian Union and has been rethe Besides death betrays, Lydia D. Alder. elected biennially ever since. Lurks, that to the v. s'o menIn blackened crime or torture, cruel and missionary aud other work we must must tion the monster Polygott petition against Hispaniola as thy sins are great, so mghty traffic "Miss M. Louisi- Gii.LMORU.is said to be thy fall, legalizing the alcohol and opium neck no have served in the post office longer than which has been translated into many lanThy yoke, burdens thy subjects willing onv rt!ier woman. She has beeii clerk at " and activelonger, guages and hundreds of dialects the ladies' window in Chicago since QcL But in multitudes,the,y rise agai st thee, ly circulated in Great Britain, Switzerland, unInsurrection at home, wars abroadthy con ia 8 1867. She received the appointment Seaudinavia, India, L,niua, japan, der Gen. F. T. Sherman, the successor of the balance trembles, Australia, Sandwich Islands, Chili, Canadaa lule over her brother, Col. Robert A. Gillmore, who and the United States, and signed by power is broken, and strangers Thy .oc rirmvned scku after he became post- The president of the thee. million women. aster. During her thirty British Woman's Temperance Union, Lady now be avenged shall thou Montezuma O, of J,he she has never been absent a day except for with race subjects a of Henry Somerset, is vice .president princely ' Thou, monarch three months when disabled,, by a serious fabulous beyond World's Christian Temperance: Union and wealth of for True, possessors accident." has been a close friend of Miss Willard'sWildid murder and pillage. they Compare, It has been said of Miss many years. ' known debt must now be paid, Dost see The an appeal.'for financial assistance the most In widely blood crimson e lard that she was "the P from their graves, Association says: York America New Kindergarten in woman ? beloved wounds best and Oozing, dripping from ugly 'New York has the most There are othor countries m which Miss. TiifiSr cifvhtless eves, and ghastly hands in the civilized world; many and population Willard has traveled besides England one. to invoke her vengeance?f, heavenward, uuAr,.ti. in its streets are Raised j.. " treasuresrAmerica where her name is a familiar where j thetr; scIlool acCommodation of Where are their riches, GerDenmark, traversed Ireland, She has Gone vitul and it is more poorly supplied Austria, their diadem, their princely many, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine than any other of our To Spain! Where with kindergartens Greece, Asia, Eurooeiand in Turkey works of art ? cities. The need is press-i- n knowlAmerican m rich herself greatf made and whose treachery those and Egypt, Gone, go e, stolen by contribfor sufficient money even to support the z has She countries. these of edge is the spectacle of a world, fifteen free kindergartens under the charge Is, ha in friends uted 'thousands ; of articles to perpdicals, kingly death to Ingrates, dealing of the New York Kindergarten Association. and the Union Sigand magazines journals they sup. must be expended annually chief. At whose ' banquetV Centuries ha e Nearly $27,000 nal owes much to her pen as editor in to keep the present schools open.'.' remains. still Her books are "Nineteen Beautiful Years. Passed away but the b'ot limits. : and Helps in Temperance Work, have' een born, and acting their Generation the "Woman in Pulpit, to sub-division- Kr-nKti- ' ; . s ! . . - - I ! re-.- d - . ' and-stri- c 1 - . . e - . lree-3u- t'-- ee d years-r-maki- , raji. -- i . ' ! e . d - - ed ' 11 . . - ' . - . years'-servic- ! - -- . them-Risin- . over-crowde- - - ' . ; : " "How Win," - . . . d e 