WOMAN'S EXPONENT. iiKi ' t., ,q t thfrort-- z elected Pjince Amcdeo Save Your Mono'y! ! z't'--i'ittt':: xnjjrdjy. and. r mnrri blood d ttf-js- washed. - .' ... s ella Tli.' Great Overland Poute, tin Pidon Pacific.- Alphon In December In 77 Alphonso so- ) was declared king. mauied- Mercedes, a daughter ol the Duke and Duchess ol" Mdntpmsier, thus tulfilling ol a pail- of the .scheme, .of: Louis. Phillip France. 'Mercedes was a beautiful woman, an "aiielic disposition, and the hrst and only love of Alphonso." was. scarcely over when Mercedes .began to The dnopand fade and died in 1S7S. io the. Spanish iKOple insisted upon ;fheir mar-- . throne so the following year Alphiso ried Marie Christina, the daughter of the Aich Duke Perdinand. In after a son Alphonso died and six months Dittle Alphonso was not only '; was lioril : ,,.,..1,1 m J born a king but came into the the presence of his Ministers of Mate, Labi- net ofticcrs," members ot tne regency ana circu-- , Privy council. A rumor had been, Uted that a bogus heir would be placed upon the, throne, and that was the reason that woevery consideration of privacy due to a man at such a time had to yield to the op political situation. Marie Christina is regent during the minority of AlAccording to the laws of "Spain phonso, the king attains his majority at the age of; fifteen. The little king is twelve now, 'what v iuiv. vov-- i Will' OC ICll ivji iiiui .! . - tranKrtaRriilrcad, is a strictly "urHo-dito- " ruin" its and oiler uneijualed tion line put vice KiuH' bear in mind thu following un- uireg tin: I'nhm Pucilic diluted facts: That byhour? time io all eastern vou will f is to points, therefore the, time, you ne lino Ptah Thi; tatfroni earned. inoru-only .villi dhdn'g ear ktvm'.' The only with hu'Tel Muoking and library cars, through Pullman" palace and touri.-- t sleeping c;u,.free ro'dinin chair ra: with no change to Miouri river and Chicago and only otic change to New. Vork. rates to all points apply via the. An the iovi-srniou Pacific why not visi it in pre fore .nee to anv other iir.-'.- ' Detailed information of every kind i elating to railroad ati'd fur- portatiun will be promptly ami cheerfully C . II. lav, deneral itun to nih d - - line-equippe- d The;-ho'i-ymoon . ed . - de-mau- . "r.Z: A ... Queeii Wilhelmiua of the Netherlands,, is engaged to Prince'Bernhaid of Sax-Weima- r. an!; pi. ' na'ne. sijije.'i u Ujciruwinitx: I? an account vou ; ' av. ulu- j i Have . '.J M-ic- NOW - 1 We pay ITVi; PKll ( i.;. 'I'l'IIKS'l' on any amount fiv..i .,. .j lar I ti) intf'-iesi- j and thou.-and- -. d.!- - eon:;.-:: .1 r; fijtir times a year. ' WHITP firany. inforination desired. ; WotuHt'cri', I'; Wiu-'oii- M. . NoJ,j c S;ilt Main j, 1 Main :)-- ." Cannon, r;,( street. I ; , THE WOMEN'S MEETING IN DfcNVER EXCUllSlO.W women who. intend goiu The to I tr the Fcderati()ii meeting should by all tiie Rio (iraiKte Western iiicans-n-This line in addition to being a ihune institution with headquarters, sin p, etc., in Salt Lake City, presents countless in the wav of scencrv, train D-nv- itail-wa- e delightful trip can be '.without additFmfal 'cost h uij! suTvice, etc. X. V., has republished a remarkable speech ' by. her father, Gerntt Smith, urging the Cuba. It was delivered July 4, 1873, but reads as if written today. It A- - y. cd tlie Pio Grande Western in connection with it her the standard gauge lines of the Uio ColoradoMidland or Denver seems as if the veritable spirit of prophecy had rested upon the famous New York " - Grande - H. P. via (ilenwiod, Lcadville, the Royal Gorge or Ianitou. in one 'direction, P. and the narrow gatij. c.lii.e .if the D. G. by way of the .Marshall Pa-- s and the Pluck Canon. in the other. The rou n4 trip ratrviH auv combination of the thice 'Ah-...tinct scenic routes of the JL G. W.TLy. has. June lken fixed at O.0O. "Tickets on philanthropist. .!v" Mrs. Ida II. Harper is 410 w in Washington, D. C, with her daughter resting after the. completion' of Miss Anthony's biography. She writes: "I shall spend most of the summer reading proof. Our book will be ready for the public Sep. 1, but the war j ale lUth.aiid 20th. It is expected a large num-hc- r of the eastern women in attendance at the meeting will take advantage of an ex . .1 Lake v ltv vu tl;e may delay its publication." ial . tjniu t n : Mrs. lilizabeth Smith Miller of Geneva, Mrs. Julia Ward Howe, on one occasion,, presented herself at a club of which she is a member with her bonnet wrong side in front. ' After some hesitation lest Mrs. Howejshould feel hurt, a sister member informed her of the mistake. a blow to my vanity !" .said Mrs. Howe with an amused smile. thought I was receiving an unusual amount of attention as I came down town on the car, but attributed it solely to my own attractions." T . Rio Grande Western. " w 1... w - J'l ' f -- r r Removed lo 48 and 50 Jliiia SI SATjT LAKE CITY. Lady Aberdeen has received a letter from St. Petersburg, saying that Russian women are developing a Iivel5interesrin"clus7a largely to the growth of the woman's dub idea in Kngland and America. Until recently no move in this direction has been possible, as Russian . laws forbade the formation of women's clubs, and it is only: after strenuous efforts and repeated appeals to the empress-thaUhembargo has been removed Ynwtliprp liic Kf,0' ir wwto Mtu csiaoiisnea in St. Petersburg the "Russian Women's Mutual Help Society," The president is Dr. Anna Shanbanoff, a woman of much The club contain ability and. energy. ..doctors of ,7h. r and aUthors' S ' mj-j- The Leading Retail " . . - . re-elect- ed . , . .. 01 ings accounts' of. I 'tali permit The law wom'-- and al-- o ehihoen whoar. ."itr.of'i. eeoii!:ts in t ir (fvtf U) u)c-U-' Va in.s "J Ludy Henry Somerset was president of the Pritish Woman's Temper-auc- e Association at the recent annual meeting, by a large majority. ix-opl- .' .111 ao'e-nmejit i1 NOTKS AND XIvWS """ ' IT ,;yd Dp.uie.I .!iH'f' ' SPECIAL e med-foT-theTratioi- ( (:t.lh ds recent is vcrv much Ulslikeu She legan by losing the lriendship of her and then lost their sympathy, now she is about to lose their respict. She is said to follow the advice of her mother, the Arch Duchess Klizabeth of Austria, when She surrounds herajiyr 'difficulty arises. self with cardinals and bishops who are the masters at the Court. She almost remains, in retirement when there are 'requests for her presence. The queen was. not present a few weeks ago at the patriotic "Gran Comda," the'receipts of' which were des,i'he subset ipiton. i Spanish people do not know her,, consequently can have no sympathy for her. Don Carlos has never been so near the throne as now, his partisans grow daily more numerous and powerful. Jf Jthe queen caunot keep her people together and the little king has to abdicate, will it be a War abroad Monarchy or a Republic? and revolution at home such is the condition of Spain now. A movement against tliej queen regent has been started and serious complications will, probably arise before loiig. It .is said from, a reliable source that a. majority of the Spanish people Would like and - Cuba and Jq J)e:rid Qfthe. Pliillipines that they ought to be given to the Americans without war; however, that will be left for those who come later. ' ' We will glance, over the interval since elapsed, during, the first half of which the nation wasted itself on schemes of mad ambition, and the latter half has himk almost' into a state of oblivion, In glancing over this period we must confess that the reign of Ferdinand and Isabella was the most gloriqusin the annals of Spain. LUEUV M. RlIODl'S. ''""."' T.h( -t- steaiaP-!ii...ti;au.-.i. ( - ; ( it MoT t .15. - havi we ' yo.a jou'j?5 Since tno -U-Uj- ' j - 1 t.t -- ash Xlouse- ; " J S Ktro "'tellect-.u-,- Mile. Marguerite Bottard has just been added to the small group of women whoii -- . ! 'i-.-t- y trance, has honored with the . Cross Legion of Honor. I oi the "of the is nurses in the asylum known in Paris as the-;!-Salpetriere, where she.has labored for fifty-- . the-eldes- t 