WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 4S r ' riL J f f V wv W AI On the i.;th of Jia Save Your Money ACE WOODWARD after a linrinp and nnr beloved sifter passed the iA sw kt none u kcrre ;,purae jtjqrpXhecajVC, CJii rhi rj T , the . was t4n; daughter of Neverson Woodward Sister Va!U r and hs wjiV, Klranor Cam. She ' Grant was Urn in Krie Co. iVnn., on the 17th of Novni mic tnouier treu )r. IMI. - Her in 1S56 with her Utah to came e S quite ycunj.. uncle and his fami y, in lather, brother and Abraham O. Srr.oot's conip.iny. She was bap- . tized in the winter of during the Reforrrn-.tionOn March 27, IS57, she was married to Elder George AVowdward and came with him to Youn-Vca- U She in Dixie at carded and spun a 'five pound bunch of cotton yarn and took to the fair in Salt ' City in IS63, probably the first raised in Utah. When the Relief Society, was organized in 2nd ward, she was appointed a counselor to the president, Margaret Moody. She was called to. labor in the ordinances of the St. George Temple,' March 1, 1S77, a position she has occupied ever since up to the time.of her death." For many years she has occupied the responsible position of treasurer of the Relief Society of tin's Stake and has filled it" with honor and ability. In her death we realize that w e have lost a staunch friend, a faithful Saint, and one whose usefulness and integrity cannot be gainis relieved from said. Vet we rtjoice'that-s'when our turn and that only hope suflerin, well be. as comes we may prepared. oi tit-ar- t; , . 1 jyg-UJA- -- ru K S'in'cc; -- than it was is the actual This jiraetieal ytrday. ell'ecl of (he fast mail trains inaugurated by the - hr is r North-Wtu-- on' day neuter Chicago Union and- m to-da- Pacific- . y 18-61. Leaves Denver. Arrived Omaha. ke p m today. Ii'.'m 7:oo ;i m tomorrow. S.l' p m tomorrow. Arrives Oiieago, To the Chicago. Union Pari hV and Northwestern belongs the credit of inaugurating the new fa.--t train service between Dtnver and Chicago. This "new train i a triumph of naxlcrn railroading. It eo,'ii-t- s of six magnificent cars: HulTet, smoking and li!rary car, with barber shop. etc. Two splendid palace sleeping cars. Kecimmg chair car. Dining car, meals a la carte, ikigg-agcar. h This is the only train between Denver and Chicago having the luxurious Buffet, Smoking; and Library Cars. duty to chronicle the sudden ing of a happy, busy and useful life, that of our dearly loved sister and friend, Mollie Judd. On the Sth of July, 1S9S, after, an illness as sudden, short and profound as it was unexpected, she passed to the grjpat Beyond and the haunts that once knew her now know her no more. The hearts w hich were made j;Iad by f.er loving and dutiful ministrations jirc now sad and desolate, missing the accustomed presence, notwithstanding all are trying to say "Thy will be done." The existing cause of death was angina pectoris, and a condition of superinduced by of the heart. fatty degeneration Mollie was the daughter- of Wilson and Eliza Brace Lund who emigrated from England to America in IS42, and married in Nauvoo during the same year. In 1S50 they joined the Saints in Utah The subject of this sketch was born in Salt Lake City, Dec. 7, 1S60, and removed with her parents to St. George the same year. Daring her girlhood she was a teacher in the public schools. On June 2r, 1SS4, she was married to Elder Thomas Judd in the St. Geo'ge Temple. and seemingly untimely end- over-exertio- West'lvMiisd, "The Colorado .Special" leaves a m. arrives Ornaha 11:.V p m. to I:. p m. tomorrow. and Denver day, ))t. a,, 1),im) n' "' The laws of Utah permit inarvi.,' women and also children who are ininoN to ope"n savings accounts in their oWr name, subject to their own order. jayj If not, you such ah 'account a- NOW. on rWe pay FOUR I'LIt ('KSTf KHKrfT on any amount fro'01 one lar to thousands, and compute' interest four times a year. WI ITU for any information desired. Nos. L. dul- -' jj WiLroui) Woodruff. lVe?t Gkorcjk M. Cannon, Cadder Main Street. '-. To the Ladies: We have much pleasure in invii-in- r vou to attend our fall millinery opening whieh will take place September 20th and 27th. We earnestly solicit the favor of a trial. Ladies coming for Conference will-finit one of the special Dr. Margaret C. Roberts attractions. Co-oWoman's Committee, Will commence 'her winter elass in M: Francis, Manager. Obstetrics and Nursing, on Monday, o3 Y. First South. Salt Lake City. 10th. Any one to p. . of her sisters she moved about from place to place seeking refuge from the stern rigor of the laws which bad been formed purposely for. such as she was, even going as far as England On a protracted visit. Of late years she has lived in St. George Tilling up. the measure of each day in usefulness, striving to do good in any and every available way. For six ears she has presided over the Y. L. M. I. A. of St. George, and that has made wonderful progress during that time. She was also second counselor in the Stake ' Relief Society, and a teacher in the Primary Association and in the Sunday School. Funeral services were held on Monday, July 10, at 10 a. m. in the Tabernacle. The decorations were tasteful and appropriate. Everybody who possibly could came out to do honor to the occasion. An impressive feature was" the Y L. M. I. A. who attended en masse dressed in white and with beautiful bouquets which they laid upon the newly made grave, making of it a mound of ., lovely bloom The music was nicely rendered and all passed off peacefully and revere; tly, much to the satisfaction of all present, and especially to the comfort of the mourners. V Sister Mo'lie leaves a husband, a young son "an aged mother brothers sisters an many relatives and friends to mourn her her rest be weet and the spirit of death..May God comfort the bereaved, than whom few feel more so ' than her loving friends and associates x Julia A; Pace, Cor Sec. Ann C Woodbury, Pres. Emma Morris, Counselor. X St. George Stake R. S. d " d . (et, wishing with' Dr. Roberts," address eorii-nnmica- te North State Street. 75 arm isxruuuwru trurn ruxnn tinruinnsirunsin - Telephone' o"48 nrrtnn D. RE. THOMAS nrT 1 rti i 1 n r rt i n n n i n 3 NtKALHUAU c (In Effect Julj 17, C lfc98. Trains arrive and depart at Salt Lake City p woiijf as ioiiows: c ARRIVg. Removed to 48 and 50 Main St ?TroniKansas rnicajro. DJaHTst ? LouK City, "Denver. Park City 3 anl()iU-From Helena, Ilntto, Portland. San 10pm rrancisca Odon and lntermed- AM am late Doints From San Francisco. Cache Valley OsrAcn and intermediate 7 15 p m iroru hicago, Omaha, BL points. Louis, Kansas City, Denver and 0?den J 10 a m From Frisco. Mllford, Sanpete. Pro- Mammoth. Silver jo.lt Eureka, Intermediate points.... 6 20 p n Mixed train, from Terminus, Tooele and Garfield Beaoh i 00 p m p n ? I q3 -- SALT LAKE CITY. - C The Leading Retail Oash House, DEPART. For Chicago, Omaha, Denver, Kansas City. St Louia. Oyden and Park City l or 8an Francisco, Ofrden. Cache OR-den- .K. THOMAS Dr. Ellis . H.; SonMs -r flbu,'rn,J5 at Selvool ni her pr ls obstetrics and r Ko. n forjtruction this important study. ; For full pai, tieulars please address 8L.-W- ro 1 H. Siini. M. I) . LOO OfFlCiDEH MASONIC Uteciri.i Nu . . ill, Southstretjt. M). Te'ephone Kaiiroad and Steamship Tickets on sae to a.ii parts o tlie world. Pulimad Palace t. ar ticket office. - building, Main Street; with greatly proved facilities I''U , TICKET '.CUT October 11 tir olliee Constitution begin am am . OR-den- I Shipp's School The: winter session of Dj 7 00 and intermediate points.-- 05 For valley Denrup, Kansas Omaha. HL Ix)us, Chicag-- Cit. and intermediate points...'. 8 25 p m For Portland Hutttvllelena, and .San Francisco 3 45 p m lorI Mercur. Kareka, Silver City,. rovo. Nephi. Sanpete, Milford, rLsco &nl intermediate points 7 30 am tMixed train for Gartield Beach, iooele and Terminus.............. 7 45 a m Trains south of Juab run dally except Sunday. : ' 1 Daily except Sunday. . . t trim-me- Chieagifcli):iM n 1 than ' Our French patterns arc moru beautiful than ever, and besides, we have a rreat variety of lovelv hats, ranging in price from $3.00 to $S.00. - . MARY LUND JUDI). It becomes our painful and .sorrowful J the 'establishment of ; . . rrt-Mden- t airMtla'n:Uavn we Ji a ve opened more ingB acilrtintH. . - (Jhici'jo "The Chicago Speciar' he oldest VoxnYiAty, ,.HK'w - I)-nv:- ! ; ECCEl:en- I . D. E. DUKLEV, T,Ck6fc n TGneral Traffic Manaep Vice-Preside- nt g - and Gen. Manazer niinnnnnrnirtnjuTjinijw . ? 3. - 