Vi. 7 -- ' - i of Stake ' nresid cuts of- - the organization: various kinds, and therefore those who .believe these things are w niching carefully Meeting opened by singing "Huw firm the signs of. the times and are praying foundation..'' Prayer by President P. 11. i ME LINE 3. WELLS, Hi JOT; all 1 Hamnioud of San" Ju.in Stake. Singin enrnrsfiv Hint the Lord will ' MdiStrtal Ctntrtf AS NTH WBILS CAS N OS t,!. iCt). things according to. His divine 'will and to "Praise to the man" etc President Zina I). II. Young made a in Salt Lale City, Utah, further Hi-- , purposes in the earth. Published Terms: one copy one year, x.oo; one months, address ef loving welcome to the sisters, It is ardently to be. desired that the Lat50 cts. No redaction made x clubs. City pap'.r referred to the first organization of the S ter thy Saints lollo-.- the counsel of the serby miil, extra. fr postage one year, 55 cts. and stated that many prophecies utter-- i! Advert isir';j rates: Each squire, ten lines of nonr retV vants of the Lord in all these matter-- and' tlis-one A liberal me. 2.50; per month, j 00. sp ice then had already come to pais, which fau surely the counsel given at the recent con' coixnt to regular advertisers. ference oueht to be a cuide to those who lts courage to believe that o.hyr predict 3 South Room 20 Templeton, EvroNKNT office, Ire anxious to keep th? commandments of' would be literally fulfilled. She felt pro--- J Street. Buisness hours Worn 10 a, m. to 5 p. rn. every .r i... .1 .....I.. .1 ,.r shoul that know God. Saints The ui they jivu, leuuuueu Hie uiejiauguieis ut ':... day', except Sunday. refrain from aU evil and gregatiou. that example was better ,th;;:s Address ill business communications to and desires; but if called-tT'UBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, go to battle for precept; we had been blest abuudaijtly their country they would undoubtedly be both spiritually and temporally, she thougi.t Salt Lakk City, Utah. stripes as if Zion was to be the joy of thf; whole Entered' at the Post Ofict in Sjt l ake City Utjk, m as ready to stand by.the stars and ' world the sisters must have turt iu it, f r a ' any men in the United States. The matter . have never been accused of cowgreat patt of the world were feuiales. ardice, and they have proved, in times past .would like to hear the reports of those ir; va Salt Lakk City April 15, 1S9S .that the, call of their ci).uritryliQuId de a.dfstaucc....... The secretary called the--' roll of Slakes obeyed .whatever micht be the circumstanc THE. APRIL CONFERENCE. and twenty-severesponded. Minutes t.f es, as in the call 'when the Xauvoo battalion emergency-whe- n . jkvas fitted. out: CIiiiTrcir T he GeneTaT Con Jane S. Richards. was glad we traveling from Xauvoo across the closed on and commenced which April 6, could assemble in peace and loye and jne!i-country five hundred men left their familits session oh April 10, Sunday afternoon, ies homeless," to This event tate on things spiritual when there was s go to Mexico. was oik 'of the best, .if not the very best has passed into history. Put for the s ike of much stir in the world and talk of war and Tlie conference ever held in ' thi vaile humanity it is to be hoped that peace will so many changes taking place around us, to. God of was .all manifest, specially Spirit yet we had no confusion and could rejoice .spread her white wings over, the .country who were present and the teachings and inin the Gospel and try to serve the ;Lonl. and that under the shadow of her struction given were received with joy and Cuba mav find leiuee from war. and,wings blood'She oft e udmle feoTi T wTe w ere i v fiTglTToTT" gladness by the assembled multitudes. famine and disease and alLthe attend- ' tain the promises made to those who weie shed, the Saints Were fed with the oreid of atit evils that follow a relentless and blood- - true and faithful and " sought to keep the : . life. 1' commandments riven to the Saints. 'Ex thirstv foe The music and singing was of the .most Vet no man. knout th what shall be the horted mothers to be full of love and chariexalted character, uplifting to the soul and' of these uprisings, and the, exty and kindness, referred to happiness in. in harmony with the entire spirit that pre, consequence citement that at the present time the home, what a beautiful thing it was to vailed throughout these sacred gatherings,-fo- and will not prevails be settled look back upon, and for herself it was a by arbiseemingly it was indeed like a continued Sabbath tration or armistice. great pleasure to recall her home with her The testimonies of prophets and apotles lather and motlMr. Speaking of kind words were powerful and impressive and must of" she recalled when she was coming-ouKDITORIAL XOTKS. carry conviction of truth and earnestness to Nauvoo there was. a brother Who used to the . hearts of those, who listened, to the speak kind words to her, when she was words of divine inspiration.. lias arrived Mad ami: Mountfokd at very sick and felt as if she had more than 'resident Wood ruU. at the advanced age: "Jrrnsn 1eTnirnc75-at-r- et uariereda.L htimdd-betvis-ii'iirL great coin fort in of ninety-onthe mesthe Howard in Hotel. She her great years standing says to her. Sister Richards urged the sisters to and to s March the he has that writer, congregation beaiing "testimony day sage 24, pray for and sustain the president of the after day and time after time was a wonder- not forgotten Zion and desires to be rememRelief Society,' Sister Zina I). H. Young, ful manifestation of spiritual power, in that bered to all inquiring friends. "who needs your faith and who has 1101 been he not only was able to make the people The Welsh prize singers gave their con- very well of late, and may we as sisters be hear in tlrjt great edifice, but his ideas werev able to do all that will be for our salvation.is more cleirly and forcibly presented than cert iu ' the large Tabernacle early in the judgiug from current opinions the my prayer." eyer, if that were possible." The last after- month, affair w as a greal musical success. It seems Sister B.V. Smith after some preliminary noon of the Sabbath. day was so rich in in to be quite popular to give concerts, lectures, remarks said we had cdme litre to keep our spirational teaching applicable to the times and condition of the people, thai one could and such like entertainments in the great second estate it we can keep every command"Mormon" Tabernacle. ment, observe the laws and regulations of not but feel vividly the presence of heavenour holy religion, we should be kind and ly Icings, even though they may net good and j&ticTpurage each other, setting Mme. M hi.b.v and her grand opera y have leen seen by mortal ees. Certainly the love arrived in the city last night and will good- examples and putting-awathe power of the Holy Ghost was perceptmoth ible to thousands of witnesses. appear in the large Tabernacle tonight. The of riches and lay up treasures where Tabernacle choir will also take part in the and rust doth not ccirupt. Sister Smith concert to be given. .Mme. Melba is an stated her time was mostly spent in the "NO MAN KNOWUTII. Australian and takesher, stage name from Templer she did not go out much to speak the city of Melbourne where she was born. to the sisters but met a great many in the In the midst of the excitement that pre- Her bird-likvoice has made her famous the Temple constantly and she loved them. ' ' We know this work is vails not onl jr in the United States and the world over. Of her true, we must try or history personality thereof elsewhere but and attend to our prayers3, be patient and Cougress throughout very little seems to be known by' local peob-loue cannot many foreign countries, - just, set cut minds to do something worthy. ple in Salt Lake Git. W futurenear to hovv.uncertain.the feeling We used to have. Brother Joseph to teach the world of mankind.' At oue moment us, he said on one occasion Jre would not be war seems imminent and perhaps inevitable GENERAL RELIEF SOCIETY witlii-u- s long, and inuhis prayer at that time toa then there seems lull and a tendency CONFERENCE. his voice shook." She would be glad to see ,, wards peace negotiations, and before quiet every Society have a house of its own, dedican .settle more news comes of commotion The General .Conference of the Relief cated on purpose, the brethren ought to asand turmoil and more outrages in Cubaf Society was held in the Salt Lake Assembly sist us, we have, helped them so much, we and it would indeed seem "the world is Hall, Tuesday, 5, 1898. Meeting Lhould have unison in all these things. "It ipnl not if 16 turned. a. rn. commenced at dowrn," Zina Mrs. D. H. .would be well if our children could realize turning upside quite Any one. withjLproplietic --nature" must'' be Young presiding. Her counselors, Jane S. what we have passed through for the forcibly reminded of predictions concerning J Richards and Iiathsheba W. Smith were and jthe Gospel" will be more to us than riches", that we may obtain what we desire, " place in the last days, and also calamities cf treasurer, lit. .Isabella Horne and a number .'that we may have homes to receive those -- WOMAN'S bXPONENl .. . over-rule- , semi-monthl- s y, x copy-si- r'ehv-ere- d ( , . ' i Tern-pi- e . wicked-thought- h tecon-i-cliU- 1 s "Mor-mon"peopl- e , . n aLa-liru- e the.OcU)be-rCQiifereucere.ad..au- ol-grea- d .apprtvt-4.--Presiden- t rt:rci7ci-ortritr- " - - 1 - Cer-tainl- v - . . -- r t e ' ' " -- - com--pan- s - - , . - e , p ; . ! Gos-;pe- l, ' 