Bishop Atwood proposed that the it i. .. 1. as we say ;n meuicme, snc iuok u.. uviwju : .irc 1 'rl Tin been .an all h rt-v- -, ,. ! and it was carried iinanim'jusly. . disas- presence in the following Sister Margaret Salmon of Coalville, Vs Over- .ters: Forest fires of Michigan in 1SS1. Overflow unanimously sustained to till the .vacant flow of the Mississiopi in 1882. position.' Sister Salmon not being of the Oho in iSSt The Ohio and .Miss- - j of this honor was unable on such nbtifitj short in 1885- issippi flood in 1SS3. Texas famine her counselors to choose notice and w Charleston earthquake in i85. Mt. Ver- next Stake the until conference to" given non, 111., cvdone in 18S7: .Yellow iever jj find suitable and congenial sisters to 'help epidemic in Honda m ibS5. jonusiuwn famine in her in her new duties. Sister 'Olive Ret( The Rus-i.flood in i.SSy. was proposed and unanimously sustained to cy2. Tlie perv-ading of her own, and was 'elected president in This decisive movement was followed by the first gleam of hope from the National Capital, for in. the same year President Authur gave the Red Cross favor-abl- e mention' in, his message', to Congress. Soon after the numerous jetitions and documents she had presented to Congress and that had for yeas been laying in the State department, were brought to light and submitted to congressional consideration, and finally on March 16, .4882, it was honored by that influential body, only eighteen years after Spain had given her recognition. Hut 'not until a very recent period since the beginning of the present .war neither the United States nor Spain had endorsed more than the ton original articles of the Geneva convention, the amendments of uS6S had not all been formally accepted. The Swiss Govcruinent has since its first organization been the' tender nurse of the j 1 Red Cross, and during the war was brought about the formal provisional adoption of these amendments by both countries. In the beginning of the present war the Swiss ministers at Madrid and Washington suggested to 'each other thatthe principles of tlie Red Cross jn their entirety be formally adopted. And it is a peculiarcoiuci-denc- e that both the Spanish and American announced to the nations on Mav 0.' 1S0S. s Swiss ministers at Washington that they would each adhere to the Red Cross princi. -- Franco-Prussian j I j ! j . ! j j j ! 1 m Pomeruy, (Iowa,) The hurricane and tidal clone in 1892. wave. of the Sea Islands of South- Carolina The relief of tlie persecuted in iSoj-9Armenians in 1896. Caring for the suffering Cubans in 1898, and at present the results of' warfare claim the atAmerican-Spanistention of the Red Cross forces, not only abroad but at home, and all honor to our Red Cross'sisiers herein I'tah who ha'e labored so assiduously and efficiently in this great common cause, and in this great age which may be justly called the age of heart. In days of old might not right was king, and Hercules was po'wtriul because of muscle. Next came the aLre of intellect when the' tape measure was placed around.) the brain, when we had one Shakespeare as a model of greatness. But the greatest age when the holy im- - j is that of human love pulses emanating fiom the" heart sway' the multitudes and encompass the whole world, And as a beginning of this great epoch let-us bow in reverence to the Red Cross. Ku.is R. Shut. V. P. C: July-30Read before the U; 1S9S. 1.S91-9- . j the position of Stake secretary and ' treasurer. During the meeting some of the children rendered interesting exetcbes anu suitable and instructive remarks were made by Sisters Felt and Anderson and also by President fill j f j 4. h Clull. : ! j . After the meeting Sisters bVlt and Amler-- ' son. wercjaken by Brother and Sister ClufF to their' beautiful ..home in Coalville afid were right well entertained by their hospit- able hosts. Coalville is a' delightful place in the summer.cool breezes and cold nights, the change from Salt Lake was truly de lightful and sleep was so refreshing. May An dickson, General Secretary Primary Association. j TO FRANCES WiLLARl). j We mourn that she ; , . , SPECIAL PRIMARY MEETING." plan is now in full force with the conflicting nations, and it is hoped that both will hold sacred this beautiful ensign of alleviation, the Red Cross f?ag. I Since writing the above the World has learned more of treacherous Spain and is surpnseu wun ner crueuy ana aisregaru 01 a religious and most sacred compact. During that terrific battle in the present month at Santiago de Cuba while the whole world was trenibling with agonizing suspense while the friends of those fighting heroes were soothed somewhat with the thoughts that their loved ones -- would at least have the protection of the Red Cross-j- ust think even beneath its fluttering folds' physicians were shot down while engaged" in caring for the wounded and dying. And soldiers while, crawling painfully, seeking places of succor and shelter had the fleeting rays of life extinguished by Spanish bullets. Till mnv we rrvJ shrimp nnrm cnMi . uuvu iulm i H LI Li." a Shame upon nation that can so inanity.! its sacred soon forget obligations ! But let us close our eyes to these atrocities and rather dwell upon the beneficent work of the Red Cross in the last quarter of a century. It is certainly one 01 the greatest triumphs of civilization- and the financial outlook is During the Franco-Russiastupendous. Gwmau-Red nr-thCrosiTcollected and 1 -- - - - j n -- e imwu ; luj.ivi-- n UU11U.IS, W illie the French and English spent two million more,audthe bwiss Red Cross at the evacuation of Strasburgfed and sheltered thirty thousand French "refugees. During The' Franco-Russia- n warthe-Re- d Cross' was at j A special meeting of the.Primary. Stake officers was held in WanshipjSummit Stake Saturday July 15,, President Louie B. Felt and Counselor May Anderson of the Ge3er-- j al Board were present. The meetlT,;T appointed by President Claff of Summit Stake for the purpose of organizing the Stake board of the Primary Association, Sister Louisa Roundy having decided to resign her position as Stake president. After opening- the meeting in the usual manner Sister Roundy stated why she wkhed to be released from her office; it was not because she was tired of 'her work or wished to shirk her duty, she loved her work with the children and believed the children loved her, but felt that it bein rr necessary to be away from Summit consid erable of her time, that the work Would not receive the attention it needed, that it would be better, to step out and let some one who was more free attend to- the many duties of the office. Sister Roundy has' held the position of Stake president in the Primary association for eighteen years and during thai time missed but four conferences, and those on account ot sickness. President CluiT.Bishon Atwood of Kama and Sister. Rcundy's counselors all tes- limonv 7, 7C ter Roundy had discharged hVr though she d many difficulties and obstacles to meet, and that Summit Stake could vvote to accept Sister RounoVs resignation-with honor, credit and all the praise that any one holding position could deserve left us, To dwell on earth no mure The whole world's heart is erievin?, And all her death deplore. So faitnfu', sweet, courageous, Our leader e'er hat.i been, In elevating mankind, Discouraging all sin. . ' .. ples, Thus we find this grand humanitarian his Dut though we keenly mi s her, Let us remember 'til!, left us, That dear because it. was God's will. w e may not see the reason, Why she was called aw ay, But our dear Father willed hot Death's a; gelto delay. Miss'-Willar- ' He knew her work was wed done, And she had earned her rest, Safe in ti e arms of Jesus, Her spirit will be blest. And though we cannot see her, Her spirit e'er will be Abiding near to lead us, That w e God's ways may see. - : Her life and thoughts will still live. To help inspire mankind; Th on'y the frail body That we no more shall find. Oh ! sweet, unselfish woman, Our memory will be true. And hold in mind the Christ life, That in thy spirit grew. - Z,Zf"Z"? , d-o- - ' )h!Tet us follow onward And do as she would bid, Until of crimes and sinningj The earth at last is rid; ' And souls on earth are living, As God woid will them to, Each doing unto others, As He would have them do. Martha Morrrstowri. N, J. SHErARD Lippincott. ,7 