J woman kxiunk'm 7 inward craving for' a fuUer expression of its Sometimes when aione sue intensity. if she -- , U; W'lC. and ,i, . effort to "tncu-i- t cost.her any in his wishes. e.h the Judge ac- - . the eoun, moved-int- elections and served i "did not tr" the bench, and .was known deci- wid.for his just and equable "Vsncchliy in criminal cases. He wasotd.no w with chil;;t to feel very son' had seen over forty, and his eldest urv and more, but Jonathan was hud filled lawyer, and Samuel his own town, and ,1 public offices in e-e- ape ffij f " hod ..t". was :i '1.':,,.. h':J iisiij. j v dnrtor oL'ettintrt a home: though the ,uinidoctored svith herbs folks p:2I?,v lull were rather afraid of A ' The girls had all been edu- for young in the .usual branches or seventy years ago, and. two ofc C- ul taken- teaching as a profession, vhile Ilattiergued with her mother, these things in his he-'dolo- rs. wo-rvxt- y 1 S the - - "pondered JuJije " heart." was falling night a heavy snow the early morning' (for these New candlErrbnders always had breakfast by elit) the fences weie not to be seen. Ruth and looked and Hattie lilted the blind snow still "at" the 'prospect, and-thB-f- ore dis-naye- d e k"'Vel! Ruth we'll have t.he wedding' any11 be here and I'll see to way, Ben Warner - the rest." the Rev. Josiah Ruth added, but in her heart, knew she kept a dainty, little secret no one but hersjlf and her lover, and the katydids lovers or whippoorwills who sang to the "And Cum-ernes- " so will . met, O, so seldom' 11V the" pine come woods, and she k ne w Edwin couldn't. as she oa a day like this, and she sighed said, "What a day for a wedding !" when thev Ruth this isn't. Thanksgiving, isn't your wedding day, there's time. I mean to be married in yet. Annt Lottie" will look out for "Why and it for us W, ' that." . At the breakfast table was all centred in' the snow-stor- the conversation - " "How jolly!" all at once came from the to girls and boys, and the Judge." went up mother's room to tell Ruth who had taken - e morning cup of tea. Ruth was and her father urged her to go, telling her he would take tier place by her mother. "for "Wrap vourselves up well, "he said, d its a cold, day,"'' snd Ruth left the' room after kissing her ma, who as soon as she had gone remarked, "Some-thin- up the very-grav- heavy-hearte- g Ruth.." "Nonsense," the Judge replied, "she's' the most sensible child we have, no nonsense about her, takes care of the fowls and looks after the house money, and is as saving ahd practical as her great grandmother 'was; whom she resembles.'1 "Nevertheless mark my words there's of something troubling her, I've notice"d..it late and since Hattie came home she has ails -- been positively " But the absent-minded- ." .. . T"itllr t'irAH t ' sic Until whichremark all tlie girls stared, (Ruth was with 'her mother again as usual; but VIVI Wii I'llliW 'UiVt nv. uv- - . j and "Hattie provokingly queried, "JJecause ' leau ?' ' she hasn't a 'I don't know," jestingly the doctor re- plied, "she's the odd one of the family, she may be the lucky one and astonish us all her engagement," and by announcing Judith whose wise sayings were always appreciated added, "There's many a true word spoken in jest." And there the matter rested. " Little they thought what a shock was coming to the family serenity. Meantime: the great sled with its jolly crowd swung out of the lane, and as the quiet tall young men and women drove by the .scattered farm houses and on into the great village, the fclks turned out with hallo's and greetings glad to have the monotony of the day broken into, as well as To one who has the roads made passable. never known this sort of thing it nfay seem superfluous to tell such1 trifles, but if lie had lived in the northern states he could not but be reminded what a blessing it is to have these good iiatured old "farmers hitch . upA their teams with big, heavy sleds and turn out on the cold frosty mornings and let people know the whole world is not dead., as one., might almost fancy in the dead of winter, when the white robe of snow and ice has covered all nature with its white mantle ot drapery ana turned me rivers and fountains into marble. Before nightfall the house was lull of guests and every nook and corner; outside trie dining room, had a bed of some sort, where the weary travelers might rest the night before Thanksgiving. How jolly they all were except Ruthie, who was so disappointed, for she had promised to be in the pine woods at the trysting-plac- e before at sunset and that the evening . ..1... ;. .a. lie musi Know It. n, sur. was quite impossible, restte3s7 though!; mrd he was thouirhtiess fellow he. might venture to the t house, and then her heart stood sun wneu she reflected, and a thousand times over and over she regretted that, she had But she to clandestine meetings consoled herself by thinking she had hiver written to him, never accepted presents, had not even promised anything only that sometime if her father's consent could be bride. Often she gained she would be his had decided to tell her mother, yet she had knew-whaher never had the courage, she you mother would say, ."It can never be, connever will must give it up, your father sent " And so she had ,waited until now, growhoping, longing, fearing-- dreading, untold ing paler and thinner, suffering"had deEdwin agony of soul. Of late inexorable Judge, clared he would face the consider to time more and she had plead for so how it could be settled, knowing only famifeud between the little of And ; how lies of Dentons and Harwopds. should she,the n nnes were never mentioned, met .Edwin at in her father! house, and she and it was a yacht party up in the lakes, both; she love at first sight with them that much would not have dared tell even scoffed before her older sisters who always yearnihg for at the ideaand so timid andwith her the about sympathy she carried with tier tender passion, feeding the flame, -- cared not if all the world forsook her conic but see him once more, and when the tune came she trembled Jest they should be seen together, even by the birds that flew over their heads, lest the relentless parents 'should separate .them forever. She would even wait until she was as old as Judith or older if only Kdwin would he as circumBut he was rash-anspect as BeirWarner. impetuous and threatened to go to sea or to join the army or go to the north pole, or any where away from IWrrytown if she would not either consent to a privatr marriage or face her father's anger. The evening before Thanksgiving was one long remembered in that household. Such muie, such songs and stories, with glad voices and smiling faces! The Judge was in his jolliest humor and the sweet mother glancing from one to another of her, livery happy group and not one missing. preparation for the morrow's feasting had been made, tmd for the eleven o'clock sei in the village meetinghouse three miles away. Indeed 'the older girls were to sing in the anthem and wear green ribbons (a village custom) and though they' had guests they must attend meeting, it was a part of their country life. At twelve o'clock prayers were said and a fervent prayer offerer! that all might enjoy the full thanksgiving of hearts made glad, ' on the morrow. (Continued on page seven.) v-i- EiGlllV . .. TO MRS . have Judge wouldn't listen nor I. HOR Mi. The whispering winds of eighty summers, Have kissed thy cheek horn Youth to Age; And blown the rose's fragrance o'er thee, As ye us hke le.ive-- have turned ti pae O, biissuil dreams of youthful su.uiner, Ye idle winds so ight and gay, When le.ies are flut ering in the sunshine Throughout the long and happy day. Xyjoums winds hnvc-y-r tVd 'orever? ? Away forever from our fond recall Chil Au umn winds sob by the window, As the tinted leaves begin to fall. Ye birds of summer that sin in gladness, When the balmy breeze goes sighing by; Long too, ou've gone beyond remembrance With the leaves that in the pathway lie. d ' The years have crowned thee dear, with glorv, Though eighty snows have changed thy hair, From glossy dark to tinted whiteness fair. Thy face e'en no w is grand and And 'round thy, life a halo lingers, Like Indian summer's crimson hue, And purple fruitage rich wit ripeness, Life's goldeu crown thus rests on you. A life well lived through all the journey; The wisdom gathered by the way, Bestows the Indian summer's glory, And adds the halo, we love today. Honor to thy many virtues J prophetically They speak to ages yet unborn; In lasting faithxwith truth and justic. , Home Thy record's made, dear Sister -- ; e , Lydia D. Alder. November 20, 1898. -- i RS. - ever-consente- the-terribl- M YE ce s 1- "It'll be a dull Thanksgiving," .the distjudge remarked, "no visitors from a ance, roads all blocked, we mmt get out the oxen boys, call Jake, David,, and tell him to yoke up Dick and Jerry and put on a yoke of young steers, may be you girls would like to go on the big sled and help to break the road. in ne ulliiiir nt iii'f mm 1 AVe alLof us complain of the shortness ot than we time, and yet have much more know what to do with. We are Always and act-- , complaining that our days are few, td them ; there would be no end as ing though 