1 f W O Al A N 'h EX FUN K N Y. 79 t vith of sympathetic feeling to the death TxiXDiap; he bad trujx, been a :iient f IN MEMORIAM. ; ; . ' ness of two weeks. er baptire-aitbpu- t kncrwlv: ' . Low-staff- , : . ' mother 'bcins? a - ", Tames with her husband set 14, 1S52, on the vessel Amazon fur Salt Lake.CityyJtme 4, Thev crossed the plains with ox teams and arrived in Salt Like City, October 4. of the same year. They., have redded in the'Oth ward from that time, her husband being the leader, of that choir since the fall of 1S64, and Sister Poulton being an active singer for mariy years in the same. She was a fiithful worker in the Relief Society, being a teacher which labor she performed for many years, as long as her health would permit. She held this position untL the day of her depart - spoke for Sevier to do what Stake thought all were trying be right and ministering to they knew to had a good, energetic, the need)'-- ' They capable president. "President Zina D. H. Young spoke of President Young, the mission given her by and entreated the to establish silk culture, and raise bisters to' put out mulberry trees indiffercocoons. She thought we were too half ent about these things and did not what the Lord had placed on the the brethren through daughters of Zion. 'Realized Alice Hayes. carried heavy loads and so did the sisters, Juncti ;n, Nov. 17, IS9S. Sbter Zina remembered how Brother Joseph ELIZAI5ETH EDMONDS GAILEY. looked when he plead with the sisters to be It is with sorrow we record the death of anothfaithful to the society and not commit the were words his faith ul sister, Mrs. Elizabeth. Ed:nonds Gailey. er sia of ingratitude, thought was born July 24, 1S54, at She Sufiolk sweeter than honey in the honey comb. Co , England. "Do teach the daughters of Zion to do what S ie was afilic;ed for a long time with consumpis rMit, to have confidence in their fathers, tion. 'Her wh le Jife was spent in the work of in "teach the Before her marriage much of her time was .God. to how them and get strength taken up with the Y. L. M. I. A. in Salt Lake hour of trial, and to draw near to the Lord, She was a member of he ward choir and City. it is their only safety.' a very useful member in the Relief Society. She was married to John Gailey May. ny IS86, Brother Huff of St. George, read an arti since that time has been a teacher in the and cle on silk which he had prepared for publiKaysville Relief Society and faithfully performed cation, after which President Young spoke that "duty whenever her health would permit, aldesire to see it ways being cheerlnl and happy. upon silk again, her great She leaves a husband and three living children established and for young women to take mourn her loss. It was hard for her to part to hold of it, and closed her remarks by sayher loved ones, she clung to life to the very with ing she was thoroughly committed to the la t. She has gone to rest untiHesurrection siall silk industry. unite them no more to part. 'Tis hard to part President Jane S. -- Richards spoke of the with those we love, but parting comes to all. see CELIA HALL RAYMOND. young women, how glad she was to Wasatch .some in the conference, to hear Celia Hall Raymond died at her home October reported by Sister Annie Duke who said 22, 1S98, of dropsy affer an Illness of nearly three .she only knew about the Young Ladies months. Celia, only daughter of Bradley and Elizabeth Association when she was called to preside She-fel'Hall, "v as torn at Liberty, bullivan Co, New over the Relief Society cf the Stake. York," April 20, 1S25, and was reared in a quiet that young mothers needed just the inhome in a country place b.- a kind and gentle struction they could get in the Relief Soci mother, having lpsl her father at an early age. to She was married to Grandison Raymond of the ety, knew it would be good lor them same place, August 12, 1049. onoruy mereauer come and hear the experienced mothers heandrtT erTnisoanii'WeTe m fluenced togo"AVesT like Sktpr Zin i find such women as they to investigate the principles of the Gospel. While had heard today. She rejoiced in. days at St. Louis they became satisfied of, the truth and were baptized January, 1850. In the spring gone by. when she could listen to women moved to Council Bluffs, lo a, and that who were wiser and loved to hear them in a year f ora that time went back to their o'd their meetings, Sister Eliza and Mother home on a visit to settle up their affairs preparaWhitney and those who were older, there tory to gathering with the Saints. ,n the summer of 1852 they" removed to Salt should be younger women in the society, Lake valley with iher two small children, the Siswe need tbtir help and they need us- oungest being but ten days old when the journey ter Richards spoke of the house for, conferwas commenced. They landed in Salt Lake City ences and use of the General Society, Said and after remaining here for some time moved to Bountiful where they made 'their permanent if a little was given in from all the settleShe was the mother of ten children, home ments it would soon accumulate, we could survive her. whom of seven have a place and have it dedicated, and it Sister Ravmond was a faithful worker in the " was just what was needed. Relief Society as teacher, i which capacity she bored for mauy years. She was most generou-i- n President M. I Home spoke about the to the poor in a private as well as a pubgiving free of Roberts nursing class taught by Dr. lic way, and in her home circle her kind, forgiving still was character cannot be too highly opand expense, and said that there portunity for. other students; .spoke of the praised Funeral services were held on Monday at growth of the society,, new Wards had been o'clock i" the meeting house. The speakers organized, we had need- of a three days we:e Brothers John Ellison, VVilliam eezl y, R. meeting, it would not be too long for all to Ebenezer Williams T. F. Rouche, Join ' Barnes and John Thornley.. have an opportunity to repor c, Sarah B Layton v , Singing' Lord dismiss us with Thy blessing." Conference adjourned until April $9JDismissed with prayer by President OBITUARY. Maria Crosby ; fmthfuUcfiiy: ZythM Poulton aiht"She was married to Elder October She sail Sister Edna was born in the 15th ward, Salt Lake City, June 2, 1S71. Her parents were David and Esth-- r La Baron. Her mother dying when she was about four years old' Edna came to live with an older sister, Sister Ella Merrill, who is the president of our Relief Society, and whose husband, Brother John Merrill, is our Bishop. Under the loving care of Brother and Sister Merrill she grew to womanhood, and on Bep. 17, 1S91. was married to Ed in E. Sprague. She leaves four children, two boys and two girls, the ' younges' a baby two weeks old. While we miss the dear sister who has "gone before'' and sympathize with those who are bee can but bow in humble, silent subreft, jet mission to our Father's decree, and pray for His grace to strengthen us in all we are called to pass . con-sid- "bring Another of our' dear sisters has been called to leave us, Sister Edna Spragu ot this place, She diai Oct. 13, 1S9S, after an ill(Junction.) ierv interesting manner of the good work of their labors, reof the'society, felt proud in th'e Oospel and felt to press on. - J tf.K; .."spu.4r.tr p: join ward. "SMer was bprn at Straford on Avon, February 4, 1S20. She received he Goprl in pulv .xh'MhQQd ure e " ' ' wheat committee. She ever proved a faithful wife and loving mother. She was blessed with twelve children, seven sons a d five daughters, four of whom have She leaves six sons and two passed away r and thirty-foulivhu grandchildren to daughters loss. On of her sons has recently remourn her turned from fiUing a fai hful mission. Her life was m eventful one, she enduring all the hardshipi.incident to'early days. Her health had been failing for some time. .After undergoing an operation twelve months ago she seemed to rally, but three mont1 s previous to her demise she was taken with another severe attack, but her faith was .strong, in the Lor ' and His ordinances, she being desirous of receiving with her husband a'l the . blessings that can be 'obtained in the House of the Lord. The brethren, and the sisters of the Rebel Society rallied around her and exercised such taith and unremitting kindness, and through t e administration of the Gospel she was once more restored, the physiciars having give her up. Ihrough the nWcy of the Lord she was able to go to the Salt Lake Temple and there with er husband received all theJjIessings that can be obtained in the house of t'e Lord. Her work being completed it pleased the Lord to call her l ome, and she passed pearefu ly away. The funeral services were held in the 6th ward hall on the 8th inst. Many timely reassem marks were made by President Joseph E. Taylor, Bishop James C. Watson, Brother Green and The coffin was beautifully covered with others flowers from loving friends,and to those who were there it seemed that Sifter Poulton was not dead but sleeping. . 1 - , , RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. . " " - . t - yea-.the- ng 1 - 1 . . 4 - . Susan Grant. E. B Wktxs, Secretary. . CAROLINE HARRIS POULTON. 61 Died at her. residence on Sunday, November Poul-toof James 1898, Caroline Harris Poulton,wife -d lingenngjliness, w ich after a severe-aDeceased she bore with patience and fortitude. n, No one who is not a good listener 'can possibly become a good conversationalist. Resolved ' on our society records, also a copy sent to the "Woman's hxponent" for publication Isabella West, Pres. 7 ELlZAP.ETIlW.CoNDIfejSeC. y 1 self-denyi- Resolved, That as our heavenly Father in His wisdom has seen fit to call home our sister to a better life, w the officers and members of thr 6th ward Relief Society express our sincere sympathy to the bereaved husband and family in their loss, feeling, also, that they have been greatly blessed with her wise and faithfu' counsel and example. Be it further LADLES' SEMI-MONTHL- . MEETING. Y "Minutes of Oct. 14, 1898, Counselor E. Stevenson presidmg. Singing "Come hither all ye weary souls' Prayer by Sister J. C. Howe. Singing 'Gloriouf: things Minutes read and apare sung of Zicn." j. " proved. Sister Stevenson made opening remarks, exhorted the sisters not to follow the fash- ions of the world and gave good counsel.. Sisters H. M. Wright, Ellen Barton and another sister, also Sister Black, each bore good testimonies of the truth and regarding :; experiences in their own lives. '" - , : Sister Mary A Freeze spoke of the good' instruction she had, received from Sister Sister Elizaf; Eliza, Sister Zina and others. had told the sisters not to pray to the Lord to have their trials removed, but ask Him to give them faith to live above them. Sister Brixen had just returned from a trip to the old country, her native land. When she was away she thought of her sisters here at home in Zitrrrr- - She visited two 1 -- : ; - 