I - - Thcli allot m the Hands of. the. ; Vol. - n- - - - Women-o- Utah f sMJ t SALT r.AKIJ CITY. ':" CON'ihN'Ia:. Alder Reap The Castle Mountains! ydia Utah Woman's Press A. Druce. !'. v r j nub-j rK Romania Bunnell Pratt. General Relief E. B. Wells, Sec. A Tribute Society Conference P. M. harnsworth. U. W. P. to Aunt Melissa J. Ladies' Semi R. Shipp, Act.' Sec. llis 1). a a,. - - Jer - to letter' the Vo,,,e, the' State and the Nation. UTAh.NOVKMBKR we momentarily expect to find, although tliev seem to ever evade us. Up the mountain, through the canons, dawn into the valleys, ahvays failing to find the best road, but being hopeful we freely converse, scarcely realizing how long the way we have to go. In Memoriam. National Here we are on the hurl-xfnnthlv Meeting. Women Meet at Luncheon, well and aptly named, as we are Council of Women. thorough- ly bumped m riding over the many undula-tioriisit to Umaha Fditorial: Ulnciai Notice. .still searching for the best roads and , tditori.il Notes. which ever one we take we siiih that we Poetry: Autumn ixma winsiow nckart. js bad not taken the other: but as no break the War Over Letitia Williams. downs- are ir. evidence we boldly defy fate and ride on to victory or deatli. These are the Castle mountains' this AUTUMN. beautiful chain now full in view challenges Dismal, doleful katydid our admiration, and one could well believe Sad is thy song this autumn night, that just beyond those towering peaks lies It speaks of death to the budding rose. the famous Robbers Roost, where the rob It tells of the swallow's homeward flight bers securely rethe up a a steep precipice, Vts every bud will droop and die, and at the opening on top one man can And every bird will southward fly. guard the haunts invested by the - i -- r-F- 1 s . . - The bees that in the forest rove, Ha e gathered in their winter's store,"" And soon will hide themselves away, Where we shall hear their songs no mor- eHappy, busy little bee, Sadl do we part with thee. The meadow brook must speed away And join the river deep and wide, The squirrels must cease their merry play, And in the giant oak tree hide r f: Turning ,a mountain that rises suddenly a seeming city rises full in view. i he mountains are appropriately named lor they indeed resemble castles such as we read of in the old Fuedal times, whoseem- bankments rise almost pernendicularlv. and we can fancy the moat niu-- t be there and where, the drawbiidge being raised, they aie almost lr.pregnanle to all enemies. Golden shadows of liht reflect below them Frisking squirrel and babbling brook, showing of their grand designs to peHec- AVa give-iboth a last, long look tion, .and the traveler imagines that cities lie just over tftere... None Waving trees with golden garb, of their inhabitants are visible, but then Softly sigh of dreary days, they may have slept sojoug that they have And beyond the hill crest high forgotten to wake. Ages of silence have See the veil of gathering haze pasbeoVJiiaUiD wJsinlejxu pted by the en- aTkt-fti gine bell and the rattling of wheels. In Tis sweet summer's funeral knell. mediation we gaze on these vast and wonderful piles of rocks and their solemn Summertime with beauty rare, of long ago. silence guards well their Decked with flowers rich and gay, Were they once cities with high domes Strewing sunshine everywhere, Wh ihey appear so pointing heavenward r Oh ! why canst thou stay ? njt real that one does, not readily recall the An echo through the mountain rings, And wandering thoughts that turning backward sorrowfully this answer brings: scan the past whose history these mute What we priz so sentinels guard so well . Some are high q uckly fades, All we love musi and rugged, others square with sudden someday die, Even thou must leave us soon, defiles, others look like turrets where the And soar above yon azure sky, bells were wont to wildly, ring for joy and There summertime with garlands fair gladness, or to toll for loss or pain in .sadA crown will ma e. which thou shalt wear. ness. Nina Uinslow Eckart. Pretty Huntington so well laid out comes into view: as we descend the mountains. And such a warm welcome we receive, THE CASTLE MOUNTAINS: ana such true hearts we meet, making our sojourn both pleasant and profitable. But The day is a clear and a beautiful one, all friends must part and so we leave these just as heralded by the earty dawn whose pleasant associations and return to. loving rosy tints are painted on the sombre gray welcomes in Price, a growing and prosperthat envelopes the earth lik 2 the folds of a ous town where only a dozen, years, ago mantle. Soon we are bestirring ourselves scarcely a house stood, yet now the water rows making preparations for a drive over flows on either side of the streets and long , Huntington in Emery ' Co. Fresh of shade trees adorn them. Plow pleasant ! On a freezes come the memory of friends we met here stealing down from hush falls oh witb exhilarating effect as we present- - Sabbath morn when a holy for Lastle V Mart OUt On nnr Gate, we "leave A11 are cn ihf U'eafV ;,nirimr .whom eerfui and' of our companions companionable, earnestly en- - parting with one we in fWi: thoughtful conversation, some- - we miss. There by kindest invitation llc?es bantering about r the good roads which are to spend this lovely day. : o -H- ' ' & ,898, 15, NOS. LI & 12. The iron monster comes screeching along, waiting a" moment while .we enter then away for only a short ride. 'Twenty minutes at Helper. ' What a lovely spot! After crossing the bleak and dreary summit it seems like a veritable oasis in a desert, yet amid the grandest scenery. Lawns tastefully-laiout as green as in the spring- 7 time, houses freshly painted with electric wires attached, a large hotel, everything in a bustle, escaping steam from the iron horse," loading and unloading freight, then onward again to visit at Castle Gate. We are met at the depot by the Bishop and one of his counselors also the Bishop's wife, all bidding us welcome. A glad touch of hands and we have been long acquainted. Here the well known Castle Gate coal is mined in large qualities by these sturdy Welsh .people who dwell in these clean looking red houses with white painted window and door frames, groujed here and there in the little valley. Karly and late these miners toil taking out the treasures from these everlasting hills, which have been hidden from time immemorial. Meeting with the Sabbath School we are charmed with the interest manifested, and feel proud of the superintendent who so pleasantly invites us to visit at his home. Meeting in the afternoon, the Lord's Supper so reverently administered amid the glorious strains of melpdy from the Welsh choir. Kveii'as the surrounding mountains soar high in triumph then descend in d , ; ! i hu-milit- many-magnifice- ut ell, eara-mournfurb- - ; -- ' j j j ' men. In the evening how the lurid flames burst out from the coke furnace,' gilding the nearest mountains with deepest crimson. At their ieet the Castle river booms over hugh holders of rock, dashing the spray on its uueeasing journey to the sea. The wind rises and shrieking blows over the mountains, carrying the furnace flames high' in the air. Truly the scene is magnificent, but wild bevond comoare and cue could fancy it a vieA' of Hades. Still the wind rises; the reflections of the roaring flames seem to bet out fury against the rugged mountains which seem to restrain their The storm bursts; the blazing advances. wind rushing and sobbing, then roaring as though destruction were near. The rain descends, the wind more . sullenly blows, and though the rain subsides the wind holds high carnival through the jiight. Qnce more we viw the scene so grand, yet breathing a sense of solemn awe. . On the rnorrow good bye again and farewell to these good and noble friends, and may we meet again. The rushing train slows up, we. step aboard, then hence to the L city by the Great .Salt Lake. :, ... travtl on o't r i'e's rough journey, As we ; How oft we cross U:e street Good Dye At morn clasp hands whose touch is gladness, At eve to part with many a sigh. ! j J j i ) j j y, so sang thiscjioirin this love hspot so far away it seems from the haunts of j the-mountain- ' i But this is life, Good Bye, Good Bye, Ye first we've met, e'er yet we part, To meet is joy, the parting's pain, "'y''r"An"d."prWses;eak'y' on theheart. 