WOMAN'S ...; r-- . l iXHEVS' ' it.. - - ' ' feActtt. f y,v the ureauuu the glad news tells And the chime of itlls c. A ii wafts Irom WiOie iu. uui . ';t. shouts of acclamation rise From tvery head and tonm, of our men Of the'deeds.of valor they've do: e. An J the noble-or. - " '. f ; 4 j j r9 up)ir ! ' ! ! j j j mistakes As figures do not make '" But counteth all things' plain, hi blue, So we find but few of our boys Were numbered with the slain. ! I ! DC CTllMlCll UlUltT tllC 1 j ' ; '' Expressions have been fret, claim. That from die first no land cou'd Such wondrous victory, Success at ended every move, say, And not by cha ut Providence did intervene And lead them on their way. I Hut bearVith me and will dare A protest to main ain, And think it far too soori to count The number of the slain. As there are still, and yet may be More added to the dead, Such is the news' thai greets our eats As the papers o'er are read. . ! that-laud- . - j 15 ! ! ' in-hon- or p-e- ms - . ! brain-chtkhand-al- -- - i . bit-terly-res- nt 1 ce.-tle- - wet.-- . And from the facts as cl dmed above . ' Wheels on their ''"'way., to. llL'nvcrJto jihe Gener&ftt ry car ..progress Idled :.. . '..:.. . t. i with new ideas. The isles of the sea can, uiiieivvise ...11' wnue onus oi iiiein enieriaiueu ' ' ' ' not escape the keen eye of adventure and. '.passage. In July your president received a letter to they 1)0 must crane into broader walks of The interesting article 011 the club froni Second Helen was a report of actual experiences V. Kimball dated July 8, Alvalon, Catalina Polynesia and eye witness of pictures of the isles of Island, California, Hotel Metropole. How ... :r t... 1.1 11 i..t. the Pacific oe an as Keen by the reader's ,i..t:...ir..( :i wLiigimui it wuuiu oe 11 me emo couigi husband 111 his great trip around the world. take an outing to Catalina Island and look This and other papers was illustrated by through, the glass bottomed 1oat at the specimens and trophies from the island and beauties and wonders 0! the sea, the far oil Indies gathered while 'in those. On July 30, the regular club day, we had a most instructive paper on the origin, lands; In January, in the very pleasant room in work and purpose of the Red Cross Society, which we are now assembled a motion was and one on Modern Warfare. made and carried that the club join the Augusts was made a most auspicious Clubs.' of We then and long to be remembered day to your presi- General Federation took a trip in our mind's eye to Germany' dent by the members tendering her a most WlgllW.IV lO and looked over her picturesqe country' and Deeixd into the lives of many of the "Nota ble men and women" of ' That nl:ht a deep laid- and mysterious conspiracy was completed which ended in something of a tempest, but loving friends tried and true held steadfast 011 their way and on Feb. 26 a large company assembled "atDr.sK. R. Shipp's residence where an ovation was given Mrs. K. B. . Wells as.-of the coming surprise. It was out of her sweet book' of styled ".Musings and Memories." The crooning expression of our appreciation of her book was the presentation of our book to her. In this bonk each leaf reOh! piteous sight on those cots laidlow flected personally the love and good wishes' Those once brave, stalwart forms, of a friend, in original or selected prose or. Who faced the da gers day and night poetry, with somewhere on the leaf a quoThrough scorching het and storms. tation from her book and also adorned with Seventy hours 'tis. said they fought, beautiful hand painted flowers, expressing A mo t unceasingly, the feelings and tastes of the giver of the With purely true, ueseifish aim leaf There are nearly one hundred leaves In the cause of liberty. in the. book, making an unique and costly Oh do not sbou r aloud toosoon .memento of the birtfrof her Nor count the victory won; of the seventieth year of her lite. Til! each mother's boy is in her arms In Maich the club had die rare honor to That de th don't c aim its own; entertain the world renowned author, F. For there are weapons worse by far Marion Crawford, at a reception they gave ew men down. MtrHi ?2, at the residence- of Hon: Spencer And aggravate their sufferings more Clawson the Bee Hive House, Miss Cta re, As fever, chills and wounds. ., the young . and pretty hostess, making Letiha Williams. everything pleasant and beautiful ' for the October 14. 1898. occasion. On March 6 the club met instead of Fepanobruary's, when we enjoyed a word, entertained rama of France and were highly UTAH WOMAN'S PRESS CLUB. with short histories of some of her famous ; men and women. president's .farewell address. '" March 31 our program consisted of an inIt seems only a short time ago that I had teresting paper on Portugal and an eloquent the honor conferred upon me ' of being, plea for "Cuba Libre." elected president of the U. W. P. club In April, the month of sunshine and In retrospective resume many excellent showers "so full of sweet variety," the life articles of poetry and prose rise on my horo and arduous labors of our spirit friend Miss and scope, shimmering with brilliant gems of Frances K. Willard was ably presented as occurred thought which have gladdened the hearts discussed or new light added to an im- Also tMinHcnf and enriched the minds of our members. v thp members. LU IUV. iuiuuj life of the In November our hospitable uiember, pressive paper recounting the Mrs.Claretice .M. Bradley, entertained us at brave Zola and a scathing, prophetic poem ;, her pleasant home where we listened to styledHispania. May 31 we heard of the Royal Family Thanksgiving stories of ye olden times and oblivion a pretty Spain is fast going into original one by Mrs. K. B. Wells, of Spain. for her loss of power the evening winding up In a blaze of glory,.; and we cannot weep, Witheating golden pumpkin pie and sipping the is' the gain of every released subject. ' Spain. nec'tar of the. orient, delicious coffee. ' - out a pang we say "an revqir" beautiful month 01 In December we wandered far in ol month June, The thought seems as journeying over to oldold China,. taking a roses and every sweet, perfume, Desert of bird's eye view" of these ancient and barren of club .history' as the to reSahara so far as I can find, and come progressive people vvithyquelipaudrqueef mode- of life member we had no. meeting that month, religious and moral; who went to. the concert in any Innovation of modern ways buradjourned and But a receptioif commit. and ideas. But the fiat has Tabernacle. the and forth gone - turth vhr tet Iilft hi lridh'; from th( Vice-Preside- the meo that fell They have. counted up On each conflicting side;' to light Aral as results are brought National pride hey smile with -- -- y i .. ' KXrUNKNT.- ist . so happy surprise. The most 'kindly solicitude vas expressed for her .welfare as. she silently wends her way down the shady side of life, having just left behind her the A beautiful medahon 5;th milestone. picture of Queen Louise among her people, logeuier witu many most oeauuiui uowers were presented to her, which strongly impressed her that life is stilt sweet amidst the love of friends and lively flowers, and that there is much time left to smooth the pillow of sorrow and. pain and to comfort the hearts of the unfortunate. No club meeting was held this, month an adjournment having been decided upou Un- -' til September 30. The club members had decided o take an ' crrulc nf Qiltoir it: Aiioiittt fill t Neptune willed differently and wi went in September, the very last day of the season. There are often two good rpportunities. the first and the last, we at least had a good one, a perlect day. The few 'members who were in town went and lunched together rearl. civc-- r.lffmtiri" nf licnrin. - ' aiulJia'il.fhp " a poetic phantasy called "Beaupful Saltair," written for the club by our secretary, Mrs. M. A. Lambert. On September 30, was rendered an extremely interesting paper on the sad life fittitirr , trv - f " word-bejewelle- d, !ThirtrintPrde3th7f-Kii)pFess-IClj7he- thf Austria. Her hie is a most striking illustration that neither wealth nor position can of itself give happiness. Tonight, October 31, 1H9S, I wish to ex- press in my farewell to you my heartfelt thanks for the universal kindness and helpfulness shown me. during the year- - past by every member of the club, and I thank you most cordially for the pleasure and education which as president I have been the happy recipient. . Romania Bunnell' -- Pratt. Margaret Black of Glasgow, Scotland, is a member of the city board of education. '.'Current politics affect the lives and homes of women at various points, from the cellar furnace to the sons and brothers However closely a woman, in uniform. may entrench herself in her home and proclaim her indifference to politics, the burdens, penalties and results of politics will in some way find her out. Law and government are politics crystallized into power. The quality rof city and state laws and. the character of national policy are determined The by the elections and the men elected. mecn-anismainspring of the whole complicated of American politics and government Mrs. m is the ballot;" :;--- , 