. , ,vw. r j ...... ; AiliT1 ' H'11- -1 Society Wrc President. Zina .1). H kelson magnamiousi B. of. W. the sisters f;r their Smith. Voun-- and Counselor hall at the diipus.il -noble enterprise at such time as. woniid' T; President Home ,iid she was lad to set suitable to them, and for this great favor .so ni.inv sisters .resent in response to the a.,u T,n':'-i,.,;Th mKine w'jiild oe Society iv of .the Stake board of the Relief all the little different than tisml, as a matter of tender him a vote of th inks, which inter's, heartily endorse. "Now business of great 'importance was to be con "Dr. Margaret. Roberts has very sisters, this hall will be free of charge sidered. a cor? v we.sboul'4 desire to "hold evening i.ereu . to i.. ."-- -' - r n encrtjUsi ' we wuzld only have to pay for sisters in the art ot nursing the sicx anions the lights. As it is so central, and easily us free cf charge. We have counseletl toreached from air the cars it will be apprecigether ami estimate that about four Asters It is in the Temp!eto;i and is from each cf the wards of this Stake would ated by all. We think if ti:e reached by the elevator.' make a g.;od sieti cia.s. President Home here, introduced Dr. Relief Society presidents and those of the the Young Ladies Mutual tvouM consult Roberts who said: "I pray that I may sisters- as make this matter clear to you, I feel that together they couli get such then after they th Relief bociety is comg a goou v.ui, would make g;od ::ur-eso many who. have ac:ed had received their eduction we would yet I liave-reedevoCe some of their tjme to good nursing that this thought entered my c heart, to aid those who could nursing 'the poor when sick in their respect-ivgood nurses. I am pleased," that the wards, or if the sf:ters in one ward should be out nursing, then s.vre could be Relief Society board feel as I do about this vvo".!- M called - from eanstiier ard, matter;.it.is pleasing to see "and .feel alike uuf-trs WuJ ,aTC Oiw.wa WltU, OUr expnecteti to leave where they were left. th.- sick could te ac.. ttntU tfrrf ueu so Img. 1 tUiUfv 'l,Ci; have we the in a this be hi to out us matter, lead right to should seems This step direction. 'The- Relie: bxie;y iias oeen trained nurses with us today who earn $25 to a week and we have- good, bright young sorely taxed in the yeas that are past obtain 'nurses when the demand for them. i lies, many of them educated at our cob a inirersities. who could become was so urgent, and now Dr. Robert s otter, A. nurse should, know to instruct this class is Highly appreciated. just as competent. 'We s:end thousand.! of dollars annually to as much as wives and mothers, and I feel that no wominjhould become a mother unsend missionaries abroad to preach the Gosto do mistil she knows cow to take care of her baby, pel, now this is an, opportunity cinnarv. work at home among the poor as l am willing to devote my time to this well as those blessed with, this world's class and do my very best work, but I want to .get the. you to understand that the girls will neithgoods-- , and sister-- , do not try be. .willing to er be doctors nor surgeons, but 'they can pay for all you do in this life, do as Jesus taught, lay up treasure's m be proficient in everything .that can be heaven i Where moth nor rust cannot enter, learned outside of a hospital. The ages ot nor thieves break through and steal.' Look those you select can range from eighteen to be strictly honest and at our organization-- ; we are organized from fortv, but; conbe truthful, these are' two grand requisites youth to old age, yet some camiot it so and for a nurse, I also think a nurse should be trolled, will be subject to no law; will be until evil is swept from the earth. sweet looking and sympathetic, so that the r cpi'i" Some of our sisT5rTiTTrTOtrVtrrfaiii-- J he room. I think when we gettnrougn sionaries now, sct'apart for that wor: and, as I read in the paoer, were appointed to with this class they will say that they have their field oi labor as tne brethren are,.DUi some faith, for' that is much required thev cannot baptize nor lay on haiios for around the sick. I, commence this work the'giftof the Holy Ghost, but neither can under the auspices of the Stake board of our brethren who do not hold that order of the Relief Society, so you will know who preach 'the, Gospel is behind me. Lately I have read .in the priesthood; but they can We- linvr our own ' vurnals that 2,oco nurses have graduated for or do' good "at- vocation; with honor. After these sis agency and can choose either to t evil, and they cannot be coutrolled any ters are chosen we will meet together amd more than our Heavenly Father could tSdz upon the days and the hour that heavens above, wouId suit the majority." v control His children hi the -out cast were when one third rebelled and pres:dent zina lJrirYouTig-said--s- he learn should we from hispresence. But, movement looking to eildorte(i neii do good. ouvicij the betterment. of the poor 'and sulieriDgt instructed in Nauvoo the Prophet Joseph "I have done this work all my , life from own to was us that our mission o;ir seiyes, girlhood:, T want" these'sisters to have wis- the to be should help ready but we always dom and faiththen refreshings will come clinieS . poor and the weak of every color and to you sisters ahub education too,. We need we are we considering this in Now subject to be humble and faithful and Have prayer- have the approbation and 'God blessing"of ful hearts. I never forget 'whue I our brethren both those of the First Presidlive and it thrills through me yet, when I The Stake. the of the and Presidency ency saw the Pmphet. Joseph .turnhjs hand course of study will consist: of say three, saying I cow turn the key for women,' one public lecture for and. I lessons a. week,-antestify that' it. has been so. If a those all and mothers the benefit, of young mothers we. have, obedience Ttve will have of the some of desi rare rous who learning obedient children, those who come here to take-car- e to also" how life and of health, laws lay up stores of knowledge; our mission is a of the children that God has entrusted holy one, by coming to these meetings we to their care. Bishop Taylor of the 14th learn to kno w the Holy Spirit, and if as a Ward has kindly offered a room in the wing , woman our work is well done it will be of this building for these lectures, but a as acceptable as a' man's. No one on committee was formed to call upon Prof. just earth respects a woman more than the Jrioly KeKoiijbfl "Frfeythuod do, but letmsbe caiefurtrxairw'e up, 'do' not take with a View of seeuring .tlie newly-fitte- d privileges .unto ourselves that beautiful decture room for the purpose. ProL ' ler 1 ; .- (ill ' v - i Ikncwili in-this- , -- . Icng to Kszy tire. Mothers .ook. to yout children and remember that they learn, more in nine weeks before they getd:ere.tbau they do in nine yearsafterwards do .not be ever- - ixiosi will blcs bat improve the day and j " us. "V r. CUTt touch what did not be.-- " never to more than I would handle IKliuUsT 10. ..Ui-.iJti- . the-Lor- un-les- .i d and daughters."' Counselor B. W. Smith said ft I h. heartilv endorsed this movement; the sisters will rally to' the Vail and be a rav of sunshine in the hume of the' sick, will be sought for and I pray Ood Zion's ses-sionsrwh- en mothC-r- s - . L. gui-nursin- blessing on the class." President .HoTue said; "Now 'we have the authority oi Sisters- i oung and would like to hear from the ward pr . , . - s, . not-pay- x :f-- ? ; - ; the'y-mus- t ' "- 0--- " -- country wards responded, heartily endorse h the movement and promised aid and Support inthe matter. in-gettin- . Sl-atcl- - oresii . Dr. Roberts said she felt atikd that the. sisters. m r,es to do good; , , ,I beli caiiiC they war.t.d tne day wii: come wnen you wu; oe pro t el.e . to wear the cao and apron ot tne vv The course will Society, corps of nurses. .take from six to eight months." Said tnat she desired the work to be under the supervision ot the Stake board cf the Relief Society whom she wished to meet with' her Joe Stit 1 1 1 : - and tne sisters cm It was voted that the president make their selection or the sisters the coming week and that the Dr. Roberts and the Stake board of the Relief Society' at the Templeton on Saturday, Four May 2, at 2 p. o. to organize. students from each ward will be admitted: The meeting was adjourned, Stake c.nfbr-encannounced to be' held in. the Assembly .3 - Si-,a;- e imr new," and C by Sister Lydia D Alder. pronounced ' Lydia - j D.Alir, vec. pro tern. BIOGRAPHICAL SKETCH. j i j j I - "1 i - - 1 j v ; to.. iis ; i . j : i -- ' ' . " ' . " Eliza Wakeheid Hawkins",' daughter of John and Annabella Park Wake5eld, was born in Fainord, Glocestefshire, o England, Feb. riy 1827. She married Wm. Hawkins when' she was eighteen years of age, removed with him to Australia and remained there two or" three "years. She was baptized into the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-daSaints in Sidney, Australia, in March i55o7anTl"started 'for Utah in 1S57, arriving in Beaver, January 1S5S. Although they had no posterity of their, own their home was. never without ch ildren ." several. orpha ns being made welcome and regarding- them 'as parents'. These orphans and their children who are very numerous, deeply mourn their loss and will ever cher0 ish a loving remembrance of them. the 'of Sister-- Hawkins 'became Relief Society when it was 5rst organized in Beaver, and labored faithfully as a teach: er. She also failed the position of counselor several years, to President R. W; Tyler-foShe""w4s ready to respond .to every call, do- hating iiberallv and was. ever anxious to re- ve sufferihgdieing of a sympathetic nature nisrht on the. 26th'. ot Her soirit toott-itbeen a great sufJanuary, 189S Slie-haferer for a long time, and the summons to y -- - -- - -- . v r 1 s d w;io spirit world the had left her seyen' years pfeviouscame as a welcome message to her. :;; -join in, trie, - J v,v . 