VV.OivlAKLs KE ' 3ILMUK1AM. 1W SOLUTION S OF K ' bV Ehlier rl Uihaieam; Yr:8t I): White and LS'ftfCT. . . I.. 'U'iiprkas the Great and Sup 'erne Ruler of the urivery e lias in His infinite wisdom 'removed from us one f. ur worthy and esteemed fellow labor ers I'.mma Brown, and Whrkkas, The long and intmi te relation he d with her in the faithfur discharge of her duties in this Relief Societ v makes it miinnrli' Lr fining , that we record our appreciation of fore be it her. I here uiey were Ciiy:C( 10 a I ol ' bc-amt- a "and triends of this organization, and her service, contributiun and counsel will be' held 'in grateful 1 remembrance. Rksolvki), Th it with derp sympathy with the bereavtd Relatives o)f the deceased we express so great a lo-- 'o u all may our hope t.m-evefor good h,y Him Who d.tth a l be ovtr-ru'ethings, well. Ri soLVnn, That a copy of these res lutions be placed upon the records cf this organization, a copy published in thr local' j a. er and in the "Won s man's, Exponent." Annie Wkight, Sec. Whereas, Oar ILav'enly Fat! er j - j world. Sister Christina passed through many trying . scenes in an early day for the Gospel she had embraced, brut she was ever firm and true, living her it gave her. I where-thefune- e HAMILTON. and Elizabeth Agnes HEmilton.d ughter of John Nova Scotia,Sep Hamtilon was born in Shelburn, a to Bhilidelphia. ere tf from moved 20, 1818; in where she married Richad Curfew ce of her son, August 1S47; she died at the reside Co. Utah, Beaver VaUey, James Curfew to were brought remains Oct. 26 1807. The were services funeral B ;a ver City for burial and Feun-sylvati- " ' e . I ! r y g ' y to- - ' n She had been very handsome in her youth and she retained her uadJ.oQks with a grace and dignity that year-- . rested we upon her in She was not prominent in society but her home qualities endeared Tier to her chi dren, re atives and friends. he principles ol the Gospel wa-- . her constant theme.- - She asya firm believer in gilts and blessings being conferred on those who seek earnestly for them. She was a faithful member of the Relief Society as long as siie was to attend, and many of the faithful testimonies she' bore are recorded in the Societ) 's record books. She will be held in faithfu remembrance by those who are left to continue the work. She was tenderly cared for by her daughter and a I was done for her that love and affection cou'd do. Being intimately acquainted with her (laugh ter, Sister Mary McAllister, we can speak of htr untiring devotion to her mother. The remains were.brcught to her j.randdaugh in ter's, Sister Mary M. ralWilliams, who resideswerr services Mill Creek ward, held. Many loving friends assembled to paylheir last respects to one with whom they loved to associate in the past. Brother Jo eph E. Taylor of the Stake presidency, Elder John Henry Smith cf Salt Lake City, the Bishopric of the ward and some of the local .brethren each spoke of the goodne-- s and faithfu ness of our dear departed and encouragesister and gave words ment to those present. After-thclose of the services the cortege form ed which conveyed the loved one to the city peace. cemetrey where she was laid to rest inPres. Elizabeth Hill, Franxes H. Hanson, Sec. Mill Creek Ward Relief Society. ';'.. j t the hand of e'ea'h our beloved sister and J laborer, Sister Agnts Hamilton, be it Resolved, Ti at we die members of the. Beaver Relief So iety extnd our synpvtl.y to. the be- reaven children and grandchildren in this sad hour of trial and bereavement. . . her many emulate strive to w That ResoLVEI), noble deeds and che is( in our hear s that love for her hich s)ie so truly won. Resolved, That a copy of these resolut ons he sent to the bereaved fami y, a copy be plac- d on tlie Society record and one be. si nt to the "Wo- man's Exponent" for publication, Jane W. Bicklky. Pres. Alice M. Tanner, Src. zv inn. 1 her-dtclinin- j e in His alwise proiidence has ?een fit to take from our midst . 1 I i Sister Christina Graeme Mclntyre, daughter of James and Mary Brady Graeme, dir-- d Nov. 28, 597, at the residence of her (laughter,- Sister Jennette Kelley, Ameiican Fork, Utah, where she had gone on a visit. Her home wa in Mil in Creek ward, Salt Lake county She was ho-Oct. 1S13 at Craigh Lee Wood, Renfesshire Scotland. She was baptized into the Church of Jesus Saints in 1843 and emigrated Christ of atter-dato Utah in 1S63. She was .the. mother of nine children and had forty two grandchi dren and thirty-ningreat grandc ildren. Some of this large posterity have gone before to the spirit reli.ion for the consolation I UllSOLUTlOXS OF RKSl'ECT. CHRISTINA GRAEME MCINTVRE. AGNES Jittl-bab- n until tht? Persian founding; invasion which covers, a period of a little, more than two years, is' divided into three parts lalk-- the Old. Middle and New.KinpiTes. Inning the lirst thousancl the 'pyramids are to Ilivc leen built, Abraham i.itne from Caanar, the shepherd kings, Mipposecl to have '.K-eArabians, overrutJic country usurped the throne, established a .govcrunient and re-- , ligion which taught the wors'.ip of the true Ood'. During this time Joseph was made chief minister and Jacob was given the land of Goshen... In time the kingdom was divided into many puits ami Thebes became a JiuiKficd gates, the capital, Hie city costly palaces, and wonderful works such as the lake Moeris and the Labarinth abound, The shepherd kings have been driven out amlaThebau ruler is on the thione.the people aie'united and l!gi't lor another one thousand years enjoyed great prosperity, rising' to the height of its glory. Thotmes III.; called the Kgyptiau Alexander the erected the. magnificent temple Great,at T Seti, built the gnat hall of Karuac. Rames.es II. was a great builder. He it was who made iht lives of the Hebrew's bitter. witli.LariiJjiborJU He founded a inscribed tlie library, "'Dispensary of the; " Soul, .and gathered aiou:ui 'him many men of learning, making his t'tiie the golden age of early mi and literature. .Thus closed the sveond thousand years Then began t lie decline (f.the Kmpini. It was unable to keep Jibe great conquests in. Ovid and other countries, the tributaries-- ' uprosy and the country was conquered by the lithiopians and the Assyrians, and fin-- ' ally' under Cambyses, the Persian king", For a Persianprovince, 525 B. C. 1 n Melissa Murdoch, Pres. . - . k from the n I d . uij.-jsu- evt-Vead- Resolved, That the sujk'en retroval of such of the Jhepttal ..then reached a high it of ,Mt;mplris - life from ourmid.n leaves a vacancy and a shado-that will.be deeply realized by all the nicminrs &W. SHlIllr' UW.;2rC statr ' Ol cviliatii.M! The history of the country lowed to tlieir List resting n.ttery by a large cortege - rei embran?e. . Bihop George 4Mu'mfortf, afrer r i o faithful aid that she exercised hi our organization by service, contribution and counsel will be held in grateful I ji.ii l C- - and frien s. Sistef Hamilton w;rs the mpther of six children, three sors and thn e daugh'ers, and hail thirty-twvr ndchildren. A son and a d tighter and ten grandchildren preceded hvr.to the spirit world .She embraced- the Compel' in her native own. emigrated from Philadelphia to U'.ah a- d s tiled in Beavtr in iSCi. S e a number of the u lieu i: was first organized in the . Re'ief Society atier place. M:e was a for a numbtr of a d will-rito assist in years and w, s any ard every cal ; and altho' the had re ideii the List few years of her life with her. hi' re in various places, .she 'requetitly viited her daughter uho sM resided here,- but was called away by th h ind of death five months previous to her liio'i er's demise, hi all of her visits si e was gladly welcomed In lur sifters t f the Relief Society where she had labored o faithfully, h r name-beinalways retimed on the roll. She. assed through trvir:g cirumsUnresMut never lier comp ained that her lot was hard. Wh-husband was calh d to part with a ph:ral wife who lefti-:nfant a few days .old she. took the and cared Lr it as her own, and that" child, now a yo.ng man, f:e s her loss as an own mother. . Rksolvkd, That the willing and ' . uie piact;m relatives -- . EXPONhW i - . be-ca- KGVPT me -- fgyiL- historv-oUrvtwv. rlosimMhe in . Jgvnt f the Reapers Club it may prove interesting with the Persians for independence, they often gained it but as often were overcome to many of us to take a retrospective-glanc. i r over the work that has claimed our atten- - again, ana lor over two uunaiea yeajs t nere tionTor so man" weeks, with the object of h 5Iot bcen a mUv2 ruler, in Hie land of thus l"liillui theprophecy of refreshing our memories on its principal M 11 be no more a prince hi and items of interest. for its look And land of the hgypt. We have learned that with the migration of its. conquer-mus- t of. the sons of Noah from. Bactria, Egypt ..subsequent history with that . have been one of the first countries ors In 336 B.C. Alexander the Great, king of settled. Theic isno knowledge extant of an earlier civilization and we refer to the Macedonia, conquered the Persians and Pearl of Great Price where it is staled marched against .Thebes, destroying the that Egyptus,; the daughter of Ham, dis- magnificent city, and selling the inhabitants to covered and settled the country, her eldest the number of thirty thousand into slavery. son governing under the title of Pharaoh, He also founded the city' of Alexandria Then too, which for many centuries afterwards" was meaning one of royal blood. Herodotus the Greek historian, styled the the first commercial cityt of he world. At ''Father of History" who wrote 450 B. C., his death aiid the division of his kingdom vasxa. traveler as. well as a writer and among his generals, Ptolemy a half brother, came under his observa- - was given Egypt, and now commenced the gives u much-tha- t was thirteen lion. Jjureven 111 ms.aay mere was nine reign of the Ptolemies, to bedearned of the builders of the, wonder- successive rulers of that name, their ful temples, palaces and monuments lying government extending over a period of years and ending with iu rums on erery siae, sneni vvunebsebs oi- about three thousand the death of the famous Cleopatra, who a magnmceni past; aim mc suawgc-juciuthe throne with her brother was glyphics and picture , writing "chiselled andss occupyingof the last During the the, Ptolemies. drawn on every hand in pride and that future ages might, read, and reign of the first of these monarchy Egypt was the center of learning for the world. envv, were as silent as the hand that form and science ed them. He spoke of the manners and Great libraries were founded rites and cere-- - and literature flourished. nKtniTK .vnf their relkious t? of Ach-- . Uhe battle was (Tough Inid-lL. J r :r " i J iuv- - "iF " lO . Tji is lost in obscurity and we have fabulous eron 111 wlitch Octavius deieatea Aiiuiony Egpy.t became a Roman accounts of its being governed by gods, but and Cleopatra-an- d 6,,S all historians agree that Menes, or Mizriani, '.province.. 1 wo hu!ijrcd years later, ' f - t. 1 si. e 1 -- ' " ' " i : -. boast-fulne- V-- m L ' . j " : . a - 