UU JUUIKl j JANETTE M'MURKIN DAVIS With loving remembrance we record the dc mise of Sister Janette. McMurrin Davis, who departed this life March 24, 1S97, at Clifton, Oneida, Idaho. She was born in Glasj;o-- Scotland, Dec. 33, 1854, and was the daug ter of Joseph and Margaret McMurrin, late of Salt' Lake City. She came to LJta in 1S06 and was married to Riley Davis in 1872. She has been' a resident of this place a' number of years artd has been' a faith'ul woman, holding the position of second counselor in the Relief Society at two different times; she also held the position of president at the time of her death. W3 . v Total . , , ........ .7 ...... 529 ,35 I .Of the above receipts we received from " -- the proceeds of a fair' we held .under the atrspices of the Relief Society, 393.05. Our society, is in a favorable condition for dojng good work, for the coming year, all being as well as it appears now. '" - Eliza Hales, Sec. makian, Cassia co.t idaiio. Although the Relief Society of Cassia Stake has not been heard of through the for some time.never- Whereas, Our Heavenly Father has seen fit columns of alwise in his providence to call from our midst theless they have been' alive to their duties. our beloved sister, be it At a conference just held at Oakley, as Resolved, That we the members of the Clifton also at the one held tjiree months previous Relief Society. recognize in the death of our and honored president the great loss of an ly, the verbal reports of the various repreable and efficient officer, and a very devoted sentatives showed the members to be mani Saint and colaborer in the cause of truth increased interest and diligence. A Resolved,' that we condole and deeply sympa- festing number of. the brandies "hold alternately thize with the bereaved husband and. family in the with the monthly testimony meetings what loss of a kind and and cherish we her That we term a literary meetincr. the exercises fn I memory Resolved, of as emulation. ever worthy regard her virtues which' call for more or less readiner and She' was a dear loving wife, companion and study on the part of the members. mother in the highest and truest sense that morThe statistical and financial reports read tals are permitted to enjoy. Her sweet voice and at the last conference show a slow but influence were a charm to those who associated steady increase in both members and means, with her. It was only necessary to be slightly There is not acquainted with her , to love her. Her genial also in the storage of wheat. much call for charitable work, some of the qualities will be rememebred by all of her friend?, and they can but mourn her loss and sympathize, wards report no poor among them. She truly rests in with her bereaved family. President Louisa Haitrht presided at the sickness and sorrow, pain and peace, freed from conference. Sheand hercounselors.il. E. death; she is in the society, of parents and children that have gone before to await the morning Tuttle and Ann Wilson, though all in poor of a glorious resurrection of the just, when she health, felt to praise the Lord forjHis goodwill again mingle with the Saints and help to and encourage the sisters in their work build up the holy city arid temple of our God in ness, In which it will be the happy lot of all the pure in of charity and mutual, improvement. adconnection with others the meeting associated. heart to Though we deeply mourn her loss we rejoice dressed by Sister Avery of. Castle Valley, that her spirit U liberated from its frail tenement, also by Brother Moroni Pickett of the Stake and we will cherish her memory, for her good Tohn L. Smith of deeds will live in the remembrance of all who have nresidencv and Bishop " . . '.. at heart the welfare of Zion, and especially the Oakley. RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. your-pape- r be-Ipv- ed affectionate-wifeandjnoLb- . er. ; . w-a- -sis- ters-who-ajeiiniting in associations for the vation of womankind Resolved; That these resolutions be entered in the Re iet Society record; also that a copy be presented to the bereaved family and one sent to the "Woman's Exponent" for publication Mourn not for your wife dear brother, You will meet her if you're true To the cause of truth and virtue, And your onward course pursue. Children mourn not for your mother, For her home is now with God, y But strive to follow in her footsteps, And ho d fast the "iron rod." Louisa Pick kit, Rec. Sec. ' ele- - s Feb. 20, 1898. PROVO FOURTH ' TMU- The annual meeting of the board of managers of the Provo Fourth ward Relief ' Society was held in the Society house on Saturday February 3,. 1S9S, at 10 a. m., Soci- ety, convened in the ' ;irgiii "City .meeting house Feb. 3, 1898. Meeting was called to order by Sifter. Emma Hin'ton. President Sariah Workman and her counselors, Emma Hintun and Mary Spepdlove were present; also Counselor Charles Burk. After the usual exercises of singing and prayer the roll was caUed showing an attendance of twenty-one- ; the secretary read the annual report showing an average attendance of eighteen. The treasurer then read her' report showing a little. increase of property in the past year. We have on hand some little means necessary for burying our dead, for we live in some very ,trying circumWe have no store to depend on, stances. and it is impossible to get what we want at the right time. Brother Charles Burk was the first speaker; lie said he felt grateful to the sisters for the good they had done in the past, and knew that the spirit of the Lord was with them. President Workman and several other sisters also spoke. Sai.1 they felt grateful for the many blessings we have enjoyed. We live in a little far off comer, but we tr' to live. for the hope that is within us; but when one looks around and reads the newspapers it makes one "think that peace is taken from the earth. And yet we are supposed to be preparing for the coming .of our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ; for we Saints believe thai not only the Latter-dain His near advent but the have faith whole Christian world seems to feel more or less the spirit of the .'times, and that great events are about to transpire and we hope not to be iound asleep, and if we are awake we may be found among those who have oil in their vessels and their lamps trimmed and burning. -- -- y ... Emily A. Stkatto;-- See. , ' LA WARD, annual '.artiaeCV "Relief IE. OAIIU, HAWAIIAN ISLANDS.. Dear Sister: You ,will please find inclosed our Relief Society report for the past year, and think- ing that the readers- of the "Exponent"' hearing from this President M. M. Watson presiding. In the would be interested absence of the secretary Anna B. Selck was part of the Lord's vineyard, I take pleasure in writing to you as nearly as possible what chosen secretary pro tern. Minutes of Jan. 28, 1S97, were read and we are doing. I am pleased to say that the work; is proaccepted, showing one hundred, and five officers and members enrolled,, and twenty-eigh- t gressing nicely, and I think our association Then bow to God and ask for comfort, We And that blessing you will gain; meetings held. The treasurer's report will compare favorably with othe ' His in For your mother's keeping, forahe yarending February 1, 1898,' was find among the Hawaiian sisters many And is free from earthly pain. then read, showing donations teceiyed in faithful and energetic' workers. They take Elizabeth N.i Henderson, cash, provisions and merchandise as follows: great interest in learning of things' pertainPresident. , I Receipts $157.25; disbursments $124.25; ing to the Gospel and have known some Amelia J. Dixon, balance on hand $33.00; wheat 30 bushels. of them to walk from three to eight miles to Christina Anderson, Counselors. President M. M. Watson- said she was attend meeting. Many of;. them are very well pleased with the report and had en- - .thoughtful in caring for the Elders who are providing joyed her labors among tne sick ana neeay traveling on the adjacent islands, washto their atand to food for them attending in the .ward, and felt to encourage all R. S. REPORTS. '''-".' tend the meetings during the present year. 'ing. branchAt present there are twenty-eigh- t PARK CITY It was moved and seconded that the old with the exception of es, and as a rule meetings are held to like would sisters We hold officers meeting the Believing our Sarah K. Cluff resigned. The officers that weekly. 1 his know what their sisters are doing in Relief comprise the board are as follows: Margaret second Saturday .of each month. day I the forof apmissionaries State, the this r Watson, resident: Marv M. Boyden, is the special fast day part Society work in follows: as Delia 1 Booth, second laboring here. The officers meeting is held pend our annual report first the Mary Boshard, secretary; at our Mission house, and we instruct - On hand at last report . .,...$13.65 Soci- B Selck, assistant secretary; Mary native sisters in regard to the Relief Anna . ... .515.70 s'; Total receipts for 1897 M Boyden, treasurer; Jane B. Snyder, ety work. We have a short program in So'phina Gee and Harriet E Beanr trustees, which we take-- up the principles of the Total....... were adopted and Gospel. Every two weeks visitors are sent new the for Plans year : t Disbursements . out to encourage the members to attend .. .,$434 45 the meeting adjourned subject to call. To Church buildings.... ... . Anna B. Selck, Asst.' Sec. , their meetings, and once in six weeks I "17-3" To the poor : - - . , - ' hrd vice-presiden- vice-presiden- t; . 5 re-elect- ed t; 