cf Allah sL UiL, V Power to better' the Home, the State SALT LAKE CITV, Vol.- IT -- UTAH, AUGUST i,. At Ien.tii with, )w, : tely motion, tran;;vr a r drew mo;e near, And Lvah t s lifted, sjt.ulled hf-v. ll dai k t nr-- ' with feP.r. e opened irm- 1o e:.! d her. The p.t'l diew aside from his brow, ' AuM-Io! the f;o- of her father . Stmh-h.)ung!y over her now. What ghjriuu-- , d idi no ' illumines 'I he a ." t lac-sop dii i and worti ! Waal luster.those heavy yis brightens, Lig:.t sundiine abJve a lark storm "Pap i !" rieil the s.veet voice, and lifting Erail iiain-L- hk- - the w s of a bird, CO NT K NTS: -- Cla a Lar-tu-i- 's 'lH;rt- - Mrs-Gate- s -- Maine . - ' roETHV: .Ar"-- The Sable Messenger -- Li: Dalton. U'isperi-'Er- is 'Godhy-,d--a- THE SABLE MESSENGER. mother, I fear this dark st anger," She panted in tremulous tone, "I know not the way is there danger ? mother, alone?" Close, close to the heart of the mother Her tender arms folded her child. And, torn with unspeakble sorrow, She pleaded in agony wi d -u0h, spare me this trial, pray thee t Oh, break noi a mother's Return by the way which thou camet; And alone, oh i;i mercy depart." There were tears in the eyes of the moth; r, And sobbing outside on the stair, And sympathy saddened each Who waited ' ' expectantly there. But sternly unmoved stood the stranger, At; still as a statue of Fate; He stirred not a fold of his mantle But icily "wait " whispered The moon hid her face in a cloud-vai- l The tremulous stars ceased to shine, The wind with its eerie low moaning Swept mournfully through ihe dark pine. 411 sond faltered low into si ence ;Fond nature seemed holding her breath The thought sped from bosom to bosom, 'T low dreadful how cruel is death !" ! ! ! o-he- ; . n - much sickness there, with gie P. need of - Crto-i- a xi nch --Te-itc:i in k and-icc Moyner has been repaired' and will he readv to leave Jacksonville .Monday, for KeyAVest. Advices just received from Key Ve:- indicate that the Red Cross, will reach Santia- go Tuesday next with, the much needed supplies atul .surgeons. ,? -- ( ' ! 11 -- - u I)Ahr- n - I XT X R X A T i 0 X A 1 CO U XCI L O F ' MRS. G ATKS' LhTTi.K. - - A conference of the i'rovo, My Dear Aunt Em: July fS.S. 19, After the "convention closed in Denver on June 27th I remained in Denvei, as you J know, as the gue.t of Apostle John W. visit with Taylor. I had a inost.deli-:l!ti'uBrotherTaylor and his '.kind, gentle wife, receiving many attentions also from the Elders in that mission; I must mention the kindness of Elders Ensign and Graham, also Ihe unlading courtesy 01 iUder U inle, uol forgetting the thouglitfuluos of Brother Pack and the exceeding sweetness 'of Elder Clive's-magIn short all the violin. The United States was represented by Elders were as good to me as it I had hc:n Mrs. May Wright Sewa'l, who went over their own mother, and I' shall not smu forreto preside over the conference in the enget my visit nor the pleasant hici:d,-hipttl newed 7forced absence of Lady Aberdeen. Mrs. sisters of the the called Apostle Taylor Alice Wheeler Pierce and Miss Octavia Williams Bates who went as delegates, and Relief Society together in Denver and we spent an hour or so at Sister Taylor's talkthe Countess di Brazza, who sat in the conference as the proxy of the president of the ing upon the duties and privileges of this lady from National Council o Women of ,the United organization. Sister Lowcry, "Boston, is the president of the organization States. Kx. there. ;She is of a very mild and yet strong character with perfect manners and a willi.s CLARA BARTOX'vS REPORT. very anxing, helpful disposition. She ious for more light, and assistance in her. New York, July 16. A telegram re- - duties, and J recommended her to lake ceived today by the executive committee of the "Exponent"' and communicate with the Red Cross from .Miss Clara Barton dated "you. There are thirt sisters iti this branch, IT ay a Del Hste, July 15, is as follows: who are very earnest and faithful members. The next, branch visited was Colorado Santiago has surrendered.. I came from the front yesterday in ,a pouring rain, Springs which lias just been organized since" 'i. Fever is-- suspected here. Siboney is burned, last February. There are only four fami- Dr. Lesser and Mrs. Lesser and all their lies in this branch and all the wgmen Sister Lenora to the Relief Society. nurses are 111 the fever hospital two miles distant. I saw them today and all are doing" Adams is the president with Sister Dena well. Four army surgeons of the St. Paul Myers as first and Alice Johnson as second are with us, there being no other provision counselors and. Susie Johnson as secretary I gave them some instrucand. treasurer. for them. We are feeding the refugees of Sibony, tion as to the duties of officers, mode of con. 'and manv thousands at Ivurmisea, by rail. ducting meetings and blessed them as the : . ' W'oMKX. International Coun- omen convened m "Lmdon July 5 cil (A and 6, to make preparations for the quin- . ' " j j ! qtienuial v.'.ion o the Cyimcil which will he held in Ludo:i" in TTie summer of 1S99.. The conference was open only to mem-- ' Lets of tlie lvxecutive Committee and, the Committee on Arrangements. The first day., 'was occupied by a business session of the Hxecutive Committee: the secondwas de- voted by the Committee of Arran gem en ts to discussing the proposition relating to the Quinquennial already submitted by the difthe ferent National . . Councils-composin- s Oh, musf-go- fond-hear- ',ed. health, thoroughly o; Red , A telegram has been ree'dwd from Cross Agent Kiui 'at j; who Col. states that Maus, ur:;e';i-ichief, has just returned from Mi..iig- and reports m.in:un,";o.v s!e whispered, ' et ic 40 1 ' . ; And shuddered, and dreaded to go. ;er-fe- ' - Da-e- . And prang to his arms .it the word There v. ere sihs from the lone hearted mother, Careiti ,' me pVr, loveiy clay; Tl:err were irar from the sister and brother, For J.ea'i iiid vanished away; ' Hut the smile of her joy softly linger d Around the'cold,' beautifid face, That seemed to her dear ones remaining A token ofhtae! ly grace. - The moment when Leah must go. Afar to some beautiful country Beyond die wide horizon's rim, (So far and so lovely one ever Returned from it-- boundaries dim;) Her father had years ago journeyed, Left wife and sweet little ones all -But here is a messenger from him. His dearly loved Leah to cal . Thy father has sent for thee, Leah,"' The messenger whimpering said, " And stood with his long s ble mantle ,. Enveloping even his head. Twas rumored that never a mortal look in die face such as he, Let eyesight be blasted or even He cease of the living to be, How black was that lorrg shrouding m ntle ! How hollow that voice and how low! And Leah clung close t her mother, r o. ! in-- , i Gua"n-tanam- ! R.'SHpp There was grief in the heart of th-- ' mother-A suwow unspeakably deep, And the loving young iister and brother Stole out of the ch imber to weep. Each friend that stood byfe!t the shadow, The e Id, creeping shadow of woe, As in trembling and tears they awaited '. ie.-o,- r . " miles travel Commander. McCiiM of 11:1 ..iLIcLcid' called yesterday for u ns, medifc cines and clothing ; the refugees in the woods in the country suit. uu.!i!;f; Xothinj; is know:; of ats dv of aid of any kind from any c.tl'ei: source. State oi Texas has led hi! llv: uviindul at the front, and is helping them iionie. All members of ihe Red. Ctoss are in d Martyr Memorial Day. R". V. NS Sad and Sorrowful. Notice Worn ins Work in War. Pioneer Pa k. Editori'' al JS'ute-s- Kpitokial vv'ci.il ' :.. - r .0. is, -- d-.a- f 1C1 r Letter.' The Mothers' n.'. .'Hip Metropo'c Idfannaa Sordid rlYy.. An Kmincnt Visitor A. M. Hc.Ven'V-. Kimball. Meeting, hi Membriam. Relief Soci R. S. Reports. Notes and News: ety '.ranches. K ' well is feeding them at Cam by army wa-oiatul 2ci, Oxt mules, 15 -- t-- Interr. .tional Council of Women. 1S9S. an! the KauonT: ; aud-Tor- -- ' -- .- ' "a- - - I i I be-lon- j . g ; " : -- j ; 