WOMAN'S ' EXPONENT, r i i 1: 1 CANTEEN'S WORK. ! My hoy 'pc. vxcrT: 10 rhff-- t my boy and is it thus, thy mother, tns? come hack, U M ... go .prowling about, as if there could in doing wrong by breaking a law. ! vtlf;uul her ? ulio were e'er ihy mother's pride. O. Ood it surely cannot be .so debased; My boy cannot be Vor he as; ever pure anil brave An never drank or smoked or swore, vVhcn just a few short months go. His country, he eft me; 17, D.c, a' ins 'he would bravely fight Ycr Cod and for hurminity. Tl-dm? ken youth, is it mv boy ? My boy. v. ho was so pure and true, surely, surely cannot be, him thus My country e'er would send Rie' to his mother's arms again. ' He, for hi- - country vent to fight, And would she tempt him go astray And let canteens destroy his syul, When her protection I should trust,-An- d nive my boy into her (are? Could s e betray my confi lence. And not luok after my 'dear boy, 'Wain from my care I let him go - .To h iur and to,setveher name ? When mother's gave their sons to i trr Pure, innocent anil free from shame, Would she ailow temptations stand In places where our youth would go? Would she not try t save their souls, When human lives they offered her, o hel their country win her cause ? How could such degradation be. If she protected as she shoyld ? And oh what misery may come From her allowing care'ess ways To those whose mothers are not near, To shield their boys from Satan's wiles. ' What sorrow, for the a'ter years, One lost soul, H a home, may "bring-Fa- - worse than many dear lives lost In honoring their country's name; but only gone They are To wait. for us at heaven's gate; Rut the lost soul, what misery 'Twill cause the mother's heart to feel, .What disappointed hopes and grief ' li brings lo every one that loved. How could a country ask for men And send back drunkards in their p'ace? O, Father comfort mother's hearts .... That have been broken as mire is, He was my only, dear, sweet c ild,. Now worse than childless I shall be. Would for his country's sake he'd died, ... And onward sped his soul to God, To wait till I should be called home, And meet him in the spirit land. Rut now it breaks my heart to think ; His soul forever may be !o-Oh Fath-f- , pray reclaim him yet, His heart, I know, cannot be tad, 'Tis only vile temptation's rule That drags his soul down in the mire, Oh strengthen, shield him with thy arm, Thv ever has the power to save. Oh hear his mother's earnest prayer And save my boy from moral de3th. u ! ! 1 v.t-rv- e i v- -U " -- I ! . , no-los- t, ,$ ! t. ! " ! ! Martha Shepard T. Uocrestown, N AVE LiPPtNCOTT. MOTHERS. that we shall be the m().stsuUabJej:onip:iiiipns that out; jctit Hire u WhcTcrwthe mothers of such" chnclre2 ' -- j... j ourselv.es to the end Is it possible that any tired as to go to bed and tp sjeep while her "even instructing chiki t .,, ' i. I , I'll ii ic nnh wa u' mil kuows not are in our presence, m order to prove when he should be. safely tucked in pelves capable mothers. At least, much bed ere she retired to her rest? .There is a that may be neassary for us to say to some mothers have vf getting their them, or ivquire of themneed not be of-way to come cmiuien home, when they do not fered in the form of reproof or instruction, know whereto look for them or are unabl We may often play, sing, talk, read and to go m search of them. laugh with our littje ones, and find delightThe mother prays that the good angel ful and healthful 'ahiusemeut in these. attendant upon her child may direct him things, for ourselves as well, as for them home, and in short time the child is And some amusement is necessary for all. iv . . . ; iL-.minu- our-wher- . J ' j ... ; . m No class of beings in the world need more to keep what God loves, "cheerful hearts and glad countenances," than du we motliers. L. L. Grkicni: Riciiakps. with her. She cannot scold him then. She is too thankful to her Father to allow 'herself to find fault with His child rind- her own. Instead of approaches she gives, the child her confidence. Tells him how she has been praying for him to be reminded by Ins guardian angel that he ought to be at home. "Tells him,' tearfully perhaps,' of the anxiety she has felt for him and asks him pathetically if he will not try in future not to make her feel so worried and unhappy. He promises solemnly that he will try-tmake her feel happy instead of miserable. .He oYes try for a long time after that-tkeep his promise," and succeeds wonderfully well. But after a while he forgets or is too strongly tempted, and he stays out too late A GOOD LKTTIil V. Dear Sister Wells: lMease.fmd enclosed one dollar subscription for the present volume ol the "Exponent," always a welcome visitor, to .me it contains many rich gems of sublime thought and inspiration; I delight to read and know what the sisters of this and other lands are doing, their methods and manner of conducting their meetings, also the testimonies of the handmaids ol the Lord in this dispensation, truly the progiessiveness of the' wqrk of our Heavenly Father in this direction is marvelous in our eyes, and we can ood man see, truly say with Sister o -- s again. This time the mother goes and hunts him up. Finding him in the company of several others who ought like her own son to be home, she does not humiliate and antagonize him by telling him before his what an ungrateful, naughty boy htf is getting to be; or giie the rebellious "enemy of his soul" an occasion to nab. htm and cause him to .fling' back vicious words at .her, for commanding him to "Take himself home at once !" She stands by a moment, watching the game if. it is continued, or listens if any one speaks; then tells the group what o'clock it is, and asks her son to say good night to his comrades and go home with her. He hesitates but a moment, and then cheerfully com- play--fello- ws 'Oli blest was the day when the prophet and " seer , Who stands at the head of this la.t lion, from above the of Father Wne, by Inspired Formed the daughters of Zion's great organization Its purpose indeed, is to comfot and feed The honest and poor in distress and in need, O.i the daughters of Zian, the friends of the poor Are examples of faith, hope and charity pure." I am very much pleased with Sisterdlan-- ' , pliesavitli-his-niothers-fefttir- sh Onthe di.-pei- .s I nah So participant i in the Mothers' Congress of way home the mother and son counsel together; deeper impressions are fixed upon Motherhood, a very important and needful the boy's mind than formerly; he makes education. more binding promises .than before, to be In reading the lines of the Sable Messenstill longer and more conscientiously kept. ger in the present issue, by Sister Lu Dal-toA few such lessons suffice to keep the it brought forcibly tho' sadly to boy at least within the purview of the mind an incident in my own experience. . I had a daughter taken from me aged mother's knowledge, until he reaches' a stage of self control, or self responsibility, eighteen and a half years, after a long sickwhich relieves her in' a measure of the ness we talked of many things concerning greater responsibility she has hitherto felt the spirit World, she was a brave, noble the weight of too keenly for her own com-- 6 girl and the kind, Encouraging words she fort. WeTnothers get paid for watching spoke to me are too sacred to be drawn forth our boys and praying for them, if we get from the sacred recesses of a mother's heart. But she said to me, "Mother there is one paid fgr anything we undertake in life.' Is there another subject upon which we thing I don't like to die for and that is I will have no mother there." I referred her can exchange ideas, opinions and experiences with so much interest and profit as to Sister Eliza's hymn and also reminded the rearing of our children? What if we her that her father had gone before her do have (what our mothers" had not) the when she was a little child and would no benefits of the Kindergarten, Sunday School, doubt l)e waiting to embrace her with outstretched arms; this filled her. soul with Primary and Mutual Improvement Asso' ciation ? Our children should still pass a peace. There is no death, it is only a change to portion of their time, perhaps a half of it, other than when they are asleep, at home a brighter, holier sphere where we meet the and imloved ones gone before, truly-lifwith their mothers. And we mothers, if love does not prompt mortality, has been- brought to life through us to see to it that 'the time our children the Gospel revealed to Joseph Smith in this spend with us is as pleasantly and usefully dispensation. Maky Baxter. .spent as any other portion of their lives, a sense of duty should urge us on to exerting Spanish Fork, August 17, 1898. " n, e ' II."-- ' .Where are the boys when the Curfew ngs? Some of the children ,who should bed a few moments after the sounding yin steal out of somewhere and curfew, -- e, - 