'woman's Exponent. I r '" tir tipw YMmmemfable. V . lu u .i No act could have state. IU-d- rn ot vaouijnir..(:e.:,rtiie leaderj in the welfare of lm .I.1.. . :,-';,irf- a tnrtTC. . belie! 'They slewed their .1... oit - it is. the uui w PJnlrMhat take the responsibility of ' I !he State 11 - 1 Mtl i ' . - to iudustiy, of assisting the isolated ddendent to united action which shall alsult to the good of all. The personnel of appointed by Governor he commission of the act ot the U'ells to carry out the idea inien-io'legislature were a guarantee that the of the bill would be faithfully adhered hia D. H Young, Mrs. C. W. o Mrs. i.',n,.tf Mrs. M. A. Caine and two others; one in Spriugville, one in St. George and remem-- " should be forever held in grateful of Utah for the conbrance by the people scientious way in which they have executed It is gratifying to note the their trust. m the silk culture great increase of interest since the silk in Utah from year to year rouracinff n "bill was passed. , The increase of one hun- dollars in bounties this last year means a great increase in production. May another year bring still greater increase. dred womenLof..the State generairy will give as much time and labor to raising cocoons, as the women of the Silk Commis administra--tivsion have given to the necessary work connected with" the distribution of in a eggs and testing the cocoons, the silk industry will be on the road to permanent establishment, It is interesting to go back in history over the story of the growth of the product- -- - If the- - e few-year- s ion of silk fabrics. The process of rearing the, worms, reeling the thread and weaving the cloth is said to have been discovered in China, 2600 B. C. The secret of silk culture, .was guarded most jealously by the Chinesev .' It was death to reveal the process to a foreign er, and so perfectly was the will of the government in this matter carried out, that it. was not until 555 A. D., that the world east of China precious art. had any knowledge of the At that time two Mesbian worrii-tfggs-conce- itks-bKmght-stlk -fflO- aled the Emperor Justinian at Silk culture immediately Constantinople. became established in Europe. France has become the greatest silk pro- - ducing country because there the government has done most to foster and protect the industry. At one time silk workers were exempt from taxation and every inducement was Offered to engage, in the production of cocoons. The wisdom of this national policy in France has been proved by the result. At the present 'time in France silk is manufactured at the value of one hundredand twenty million francs ania their staves to nually, and from 800,000 to 1,000,000 oper-atorsar- e It is hardly too much employed. that the silk industry in France makes the difference in be y 'tween prosperity and the want of it. Efforts in. America to establish silk cuU hire have been numerous but spasmodic. Georgia was established as a silkcolony.but the vicissitudes of those early colonists are to say that-countr- sufficient Project. explanation of the failure of the Before the war of the Revolution many of the colonists were successfully silk culture, . but when-th- e war en-Kagel- in be- gan the industry was entirely From 1825 to 1844 there was a al of interest in silk culture suspended. great revivthroughout the uujr, uul one 01 inose me.x.unuAUis: .citemeats to .which nations are;subjeet, tem- -- , iwrmly suppressed" the industrv. Stocksof iiiirilu.ri v r,,t hWc readied a" noitu onlv hiM,n,H !,v tb, i..t;.v Jrdl.ind craze-i- f- - 'HJesed ail fner tiiht ,m"w-- l walk in ' . . 0---- , ' "- 0 1 RED V AlXKN. e following from a Chicago paper illustrates the too fiequem course ol events in vJunteer . ar in splendid shape, But they luld him in with a niece of tape, He started to Upward and ever upward His radiant beacons ' mount, Anil the heart of the world is quickened by the ' , infinite-su- . His form they proceeded to drape In a winding sheet that t ey made of tape, Red tape. . Let not the symbol.of mourning be crape; Let the door knob simply be wrapped with tape Red tape, . . Miss Chanler,, of New York, has received vi Nichsreat praise from Lieutenant Colontaff of the olas Seun, chief of the operating from Porto army who has just returned Rico. He says the Red Cross nurse worked untiring zeal ministernight and day withwounded soldiers. Miss ing to the sick and Mrs. Julia Ward Howe. Chanler is a niece of -- " .. .. The Fount of the Infinite Father, so gentle and 'rue and kind, Patiently., stiivmi. .andriving Hi use If- to the - darkened finite Mind. !'or ages before man's knowledge, I M;e from the lo ly sod, . . A white, wan face uplifted in a broktn prayer to God; So tht prayer hath touched the heart of Him who is Joy and Lo e and Light. And the sweet response lilts the lowly heart up up f om the depths of Night. . Still on in t'.c dim prospective, in the solemn march of time, W'e read he story of Light and Love stru gling up to a height sublime. Eternity looms before us: shall Humanity's dream -' Come true ? our Though here in the shadows of earth-lif- e t .u.ii an strength grows laiut, Through sorrow aud sin aud darkness the crushed soul mo ns romp wut, Vet Truth never s eeps. on the Tower, Cod's forces of love march on, And we shout our joy to ne great wide world as Though our hearts may be chilled in the nightshades, wnere the savijrs of. men have stood, Ever battling- with souls undaunted, for the Up- ... ward trend of G. d, 'Tis sweet to know that the irid east for the famished heart holds more Than even the glorious, purpled morn hath promised to hold in store. And so I walk in a fairy dream with my spirit all aglow, And joy In the light of a day that will come with the shadows all laid lo w. For the Father's hand is upon the helm and the heart of man will yield, And evil shall cease for the soul jof Christ shall gar er the whitened- field. - Ruby Lamont. - And many and many a narrow escape He had because he was hampered with tape, Red tape. He sickened. They laid his wasted shape On a nice, soft cot that w is. madeof tape, Red tape. He died. it fount, n the next blactc shade has gone Red tape. He fought w ith canister and grape As wellashe could. Thev were tied with tape, Red tape. He lived on what he cjuM rake and scrape For his regular grub was tied with tape, : Red tape. ; . behold the "hand I Ah, yes! For the trend of the Soul mou ts on with death ess Life in vie . ! TPE. service. - hi the dreary tread of ages of God. . CORINNE " holds a rod, t - ths teirs and groans ami strife, In the turbulent pulse f the cosmos, itf the panting toil of life. In the chaos all but formless, in the cloud that ' . n, ' " In the villas of ages vanished, "in What has alreadv been done in silk women-continuall- new-bor- 1 culture in Utah is a promise that, great things can le accomplished in the future. The time should b. near at hand when all L-e- ' skies of May, And my are light as Zephyr, for my hope is blight as morn, And the glow of the day shall brighten iii the' light that is yet unborn. ' . jK-opl- the silk required in the Various cloth manufactories' in Utah should be"" supplied at home. The thousands of dollars then earned will help, to educate our children, build comfortable houses, improve our roads and eventually prove one of the foundation stones uxm which the prosperity of the State shall rest. " . every woman who raises a few pounds of. cocoons in her little home feel that she is a factor in a great enterprise whicbthe State is undertaking for the good of us all. As she watches the wonderful mystery of the assimilation of the fibers of the mulberry leaves and the spinning of the golden web, may she feel that this wonderful process of nature is to be made use of for community life. --The perfect adaptability of Gdd's plan of nature to the needs of man, to my mind, has never been more clearly indicated than in the development of the silk industry. May. the State continue to re foster it and patriotic spond to the efforts of the State. r at h:tn --grdty of a . e t the g(rden. ' day, 'As full of calm, fresh' sunshine 'as the cloudless f turned ironi me idea o vxwiLvmv u v Uro culture. The people of Utah are quite familiar with the history of sericulture in this State. I here has been a constant attempt an the of the leaders of .the to guide them to industries of all kinds which shall make them useful and: prosperous. Silk culture ;is an important industry to which Utah is well adapted by its climatic conditions. and thirst after , tue fortunes aud everv . . . . i r p-ir- liumr - Circleville, Utah, Sep. 6, 1898. If New York had woman suffrage the chances are that the ticket .would be, Theodore Roosevelt and., Helen Gould. Miss Helen Gould is goincr about . Camp Wikoff finding sick soldiers who have no home and no friends and sending them up to Terrytown. where she has provided a temporary hospital of her own. . 