,nt . IcZ" '... OT-nVo6(Vvater " " ' m town. .It is not much trouble to raise the trees' ivhenyou can ' ', keep then watered. There, are many men looking toward the silk 'industry as a source of revenue and with- that end in view they expect to plant mulberries by the acre, and in talking with influential men on this subject they ex-adpress a desire to knovyAvhat to do to 'Of course the right vance it the most. kind of mulberry tree is the first consideration. There has been an increased interest in the work since we have used the Jap reels, and also since we have had silk woven. Of course we have had many difficulties to contend with, but in beginning on a small scale and getting the silk into cloth. it showed the people that we meant business and they can see what can he ac ' Expert complished with a little .capital. reelers must be the first consideration in factories. Now we have quite a "quantity of reeled silk on hand and a large number of good reelers. All they want is encouragement. They ask:. "What will we do with the silk when we get it reeled?" If we had the necessary means to buy the reeled silk from those who have produced it; it would encourage them to push the work. There is not much encouragement to work unless they can get such pay as they can There are not many use," for they need it.' who can afford to reel it and lay it away. A young lady from one of the settlements sent me three quarters of a pound of reeled silk, very beautiful, and wanted t ) sell it. We have such chances as. this one often. We give this industry all the. encouragement- we can and intend to while life lasts,' or until we see it the blessing and pride of this country. "acM stand the different braneho of this indusas try ; such as dyeing, cleansing etc., and soon as the demand is sufficient we hope, machinery will br obtained to make the. work lighter And now we do hope that those men and women who are elected to represent its' both in Washington. and in the State, whatever their political belief, will appreciate the efforts that have been made in this direction and will give us aid, not only by their influence but will seek to have us helped in a financial way. Let each one,-- no matter what his or her political belief, seek to get good men and women in office, who will work to build up this important branch of work and other home industries in the State. Let me urt;e the mothers and daughters to see that every mulberry tree in the State Even now is utilized in "producing silk. we can produce a quantity and quality that is surprising. Speaking ot the latter, I "wish every one could see the difference in I had the the imported silk and our own. privilege recently of seeing pieces of .the imported and the homemade silk Compared, and really the imported hardly looked like silk in comparison to our own homemade. Let' ijs be more united in our efforts to develop this industry for it will be the little that each one does that will make up the whole. ... -- ng . . Ann C. . Woodbui.y. THE SILK INDUSTRY. silk culture past and present in SANTETE. , So much has been said on this subject e n rcucskd-t- o write I thought , " ' '. L; Still if I can add grt ' , ' experi- - ' V .L tl.antl.at of. hi eastern states The ease superinduced by the continuous 1 dis. e! weather does not exist in our dry climate and in fact the only obstacle in the way of complete success is the present lack of suf. ficient mulberry trees which can be easily remedied wlui'rever water is available. There should be no lack of energy in this direc. tion' as an Initial step in ' accomplishing great results. But in this as in every other undertaking patience and perseverance are necessary to success. The silk worm comes during the summer vacation of the schools, thus giving the children time and opportunity to pick the leaves and assist in caring for the.worms. If they are familiar with them from infancy as I was they do not feel the aversion, toward them that many- of our. young ladies manifest at present. Also give the little ones to understand that diligence on their part will be when the silk is sold. In the year 1S76 Sister E. a silk association in Manti for Sanpete county, and for several years a considerable amount of silk was produced in Manti by Sister Maria Weibye and myself, also in Ephraim by a Sister Peterson and, .in Gunnison by Sister Helena Madsen, All these sisters are deserving of much credit for their pioneer labors in behalf of silk culture. Sister Elizabeth Higgs has also been indefatigable in her labors as silk agent, canvassing the town and urging upon the sisters the immediate necessity of planting mulberry trees. In one season I made sufficient silk for a dress but it was unfortunately spoiled in the weaving, Two years ago my gransea-so- n - - ddaughter raised sufficient cocoons to obtain She also sold them to Mrs. 2.25 bounty. Margaret A. Caihe for the Omaha Exposition. She is a teacher in the public schools but she thinks she can raise silk during her summer vacation. I hope that many more may feel impressed to. go and has received more attention than yoTTnglatlies do likewise. I feel that there is a great for some years previous, and with judicious future for this State if our people will only protection and encouragement there is no be wise in their day and generation, and by good reason why it should not become a wise legislation and individual effort care- source of wealth and independence to the fully utilize. the elements vvithin our reacTi, people of these mountain valleys. which will tend to make us a prosperous Owing to advanced age and infirmities. I and independent people. am unable to take an active part in the ' Let us our new legislature that hope further development of this' .important in- will this important subject the attendustry, but if my experience in the past in tion give it deserves during the coming session. tins line will be of any benefit to the young. Let our sisters realize that the silk induser generation I shall feel that I am not livtry will open a new field of occupation for ing in vain. of From my early childhood I have been their children, which 'will be the means many comforts to the homes of those perfectly familiar with this business'. - In adding who are in straightened circumstances if my native state (Connecticut) the scanty income which the farmers' were enabled to they avail themselves of the opportunities offered. Let our young ladies see to it that wring froni'the worn out soil was largely of their their supplemented by the proceeds of a' small own adornment shall be the work hands and not the products of Babylon. cocoonery which nearly every family , main- :;And above all let us realize the purpose rained - in their own house. An unused, for which we have come to this promised vacant, airy chamber furnishing the necesland, and strive diligently to become the sary accomodation for the worms with very us ' mue expense, ana very much. more profit people the Lord designs - DC than where large sums have been invested " in building expensive structures for REBfiCCA WAREHAM. this . purpose. So far as my experience goes ENCOURAGING SILK CULTURE. both in New England and Illinois, large cocooneries have invariably resulted in loss One of the first acts of the legislature of and failure. Utah after Statehood had been declared, was In the year 1873 I again engaged in silk Ihe passing of a bill to encourageil cub: sericulture "What more can I add to what has already one word of encouragement' to lead' our young people to see the value of this industry I cheerfully do so. How many times I have been asked the question, ."Does it pay to raise silk?" and I always answer, "Yes, it certainly does." Hut there are some tilings to be remembered. First of all we must have mulberry trees, it is just as necessary that we should .have trees to raise silk, as it is that we should have land to raise grain; and, by the way, this fall or next spring will be a good time ' to plant trees, and let every one make it a special point to plant several and in this way a greajt deal would be done Jo wards advancing the cause of the silk industry. The Pioneer. Nursery Company will be glad to furnish mulberry trees from five to fifteen feet high at prices from ten to thirty cents each. After our trees havegrown large enough, which will be about three years, let each one get right to work. Get just enough eggs so that the worms can be well fed and cared for, and in a short time you will be rewarded by seeing them spin you a nice lot of beautiful cocoens. The next step is the reeling; this has been a d rabbit i n the and how past, rainy., divs have ' Since Utah has become a state the thaC-wh- been said and written ?" Maria Zundell. - f ... I ' - . t. at tl.c expcnscof.lbc State. ,v.Cvv(.rtv.Ove cents been provided by law and qugiit to arou an interest in silk culfue. We have people in this State who under- " ; mUtel rki nowwaW JP. iWi:U arc-- e which has oil each pound of cocoons raised, - culture at my home in Manti as an j a. Commission-v- Ar ' in trving to get some one to. reel my there was enough to feed the worms to V nr.ike a thousand 'tKAinds of cocoons, and.' silk and there will be a great increase in year every -i- r-' " the. .number set out,, qwi'ng to "the"- increase - EXPONENT WOMAN S , " '".' , . 1 - . A self-sustaini- 1 lV- .... ng , - 