kxpoment; WOMAN'S IN MF.MORIAM. pluck of the fruit of the tree of lifer -- But if ,J?..wm'nourish'the word, yea nourish the SUSANNAH VANCE. W ,n iA At f S.I (f)X.., i-i- Died of appendicitis at Mesa City, July bister Susannah "rdter hree days illness, o1 James Vance Sr , and daughter M.' .a'imK Mary Rhodes Benson. -- : r : " -"- - because m IK-r of your diligence and faith and your ' patience with tlie word in nourishing it that it may' talferbofui you, behold by and by ye shall pluck the fruit thereof which is most precious, which is sweet above all that is sweet ami which is white above all that is white, yea and pure above all that is pure; and ye shall feast upon this fruit even until ye are filled that ye hunger not, neither shall ye thirst Then my brethren ye shall reap the reward of your faith, your diligence, your patience and long suffering waiting for the tree 'to bring forth fruit unto you."' This closes the chapter written by Alma, who was the son of Alma and atone time a bad boy until an angel appeared to him saying, "If you will., destroy yourself seek not to destroy the church of God." This put a stop to his wilful career as it did" St. Paul's, he then sought righteousness and aho talight it to others. We read in chapter 6o ot the same book the words of Moroni, the Captain of the army: "Behold I am I seek not Moroni your chief captain. power, but to pull it down; I seek not for the hoibr of the;worl,d, but the glory of my God and the freedom of my country." Now is not this the same spirit which prompts the war today ? And behold how Please read this long that war lasted. will find Book of Mormon the chapter, 'we a benefit at this time. It was not kept in vain, it is the lesson we greatly need at the This sacred relic is not present time. properly appreciated by our people at the present time, and I think' the reason is that we accepted the Gospel because it was the teaching of Christ, exactly as He taught it when He was in His mortal state, it being the same which purified and sanctified His disciples until they could do the same things that He did both jn healing the sick and raising the dead. Accordingly if a people must be found to arise and meet tbitch a racier wbeirI I e jjim fnrt1y comes to reign King of kings and Lord of lords, it must be through the S3tue rule of action which purified and sanctified them or we will not be the same character that they are. And you know He said, "Kx-ceye are one ye are not mine." How important then that we give, strict heed to His words that we may be one with those whom He briugswith Him, and who will live one thousand years without knowing of sickness or death or the sorrows of this life. I for one greatly desire ,to live again with Him in the Millenium. I shall take my long sleep, but hope to hear the trumpet of God when it sounds to awake all who are worthy to come forth and arise to meet them at this great and '. glorious event. But let us read the Book of Mormon as a friend of mine told me to read it, askiiig God our Father every, time he took to is this or it truth fiction?" read, "Is While reading he got a testimony for him-- ' self that it was correctly written, exactly as things transpired at that time. Now this is easy and the best way is it not ? And is now the time we' need this intelligence, and it seems to be kept expressly for this ' Let us improve the time, for generation. this life is short at best July 22, 1898. hf- - pt it-u- p It, , cm to Th-- v organize a Relief Society in the Pueblo, branch 4of the Colorado mission of the o.uu Uiurcn ot Jesus nnsioi j.auei-uSister Gates met in the morning wuq in Sundav School and spoke one hour to the At leaders and members on their duties. the capacity of a 2 p. uu.we faith meeting and listened to the testimo-nie- s of the Siints. Klders Knsign and Graham rendered some good music. Apostle Taylor announced a meeting for the sisters at 6 p. ni., for the purpose of organizing a Relief Society. The meeting was called to order by Sis-te- r Susa Y. Gates. Singing. Prayer Sister Kmma Simmons. Singing. the duties Gates spoke at some length-upoof the president and other officers and members of the Relief Society. The officers were put before the meeting as follows: Sister Elizabeth Hart, president; Sisters Amanda Coleman and .Kmma Simmons, counselors; Sister Klhfc Branch, 'secretary; Sister Johnson, treasurer. They were all sustained in linn n.j)cu They were set apart by. 'Apostle Taylor, Iilders II. S Knsign and F. C. Graham. There were present of the sisters Klixa-betHart, Amanda Coleman, Kmma Simmons Klla Branch, Sister Johnson, Delia Cumraings, Klizabeth Cummiugs, Frozey Cummings, Sister F. Branch, Sister and Sister Porter. There were present Klders from Utah Apostle Taylor, Klders H. S. ICnsign, Fr C. Graham, Ray 'Fairbanks, Zeb Colton, BavH F. mith. Ixeal Klders, J. I. Hart, W. O. Ciimmings, II . K. Cummings and j t er by-Sist- - v labored in that calling until faithtul member attending to every duty devolving upon her, and always on and to help to relieve the sick or those in distress."' Sister Vance came up 'with her husband last year and attended me j uuuee, anu seerneu 10 enjoy me Visit very .. j.-siiiuii- much. . lovingO Kinoreo nm ru m j.- ... ilUJ; roiiuneu ner remains 10 ine jjrave 10 await a reunion of loved one ' in sweet bye and bye. arsre -- 1 1 h 1 cortege - 1 1 1 .Mesa t.ity,. Prayer by Klder I). F. Smith. Singing. Apostle Taylor then introduced Sister Gates as the speaker. She. occupied the time in'speaking upon the belief and life of the Katter-daSaints. Apostle Taylor then spoke at some length upon the progress of the work of the Lord in this part of the vineyard, and prophecied that the time was near at hand when there would be branches of the Church from Pueblo to Jackson Cq., Mo., and that manv in the room would live to see the roads lined with people on their way to the Temple in Jackson County. He also gave some gocd counsel. Benediction by Elder F. C. Gra-- ' ' ham. - rf - Kf.tA BRANCH, Sec! He who lends money to the poor is often better than he who gives them alms. " To do well is to be well. Persevere in the thought, "I. shall be better- tomorrow " and it wdl help you to become so". It has been said that no rasn ever died without his - own consent. Never get your own consent t0 'mResolve to live; resolve to' be' well. You yourself must make the effort-yomust work out your own salvation' Charles Kingsley. - u -- "9. t Aiuut f 193. 16, U'e feel it our duty, painful though it be, to make mention of the death of Sister Sarah Laker Cook, wife of Alonzo Cook, which occured at t er home in S wan Creek, Utah, July 5, after an illness of eleven da s. The immediate cause of her death-wapronounced hemorrage of the brain. Her .sufferings were very great, but during her sickness as through her entire life she exe cised the most extraordinary faith in the power of the Priesthood. Since fie- - early childhood she has y been a consistent, conscientious a Saint s l ter-da- She has held several prominent positions in the Young- Ladies Association and other- organizations in the ward where "she' has resided, and "at the time of her death was a prominent teacher in the Sabbath School and Religion Class besides holding the posi ion of counselor to Stake President Annie Laker of Primary Association of Bear Lake. Her greatest pleasure in life was to labor among the children whom she devotedly loved. Kh as b nnc seven children four of whom survive her, .and they with the sorrowing husband and parents are made to feel of the words, - te . the-trut- Death ride son every passi g breeze, And lurks in every flower. There wei-- over forty carriages in the funeral, procession and the floral offerings were profuse and beautiful, it .was especially fitting that the the neighboring towns came Primary children with their flowers and in the most perfect order marched silently and sadly and placed them on the coffin of her ho had known and lovfd them in life. May we all so live that when the death summons comes our welcome will be as Campbel so beautifully says, Soon may this fluttering spark of vital flame Forsake its anguid, n elancholy frame ! -Soon may these eyes their trembling lustre close welcome the dreamless night of long repose ! Soon may this n spirit seek the bourne Where lulled to slumber,'grief forgets to mourn " e . : . a d y " V i SARAH LAKER COOK. . d S In g i n g . rdcr-byrelideiTrTriC- - Hknkieita Stakimge, Counselor, Melissa Ulnsakek, Secretary. D. Simmons'. w-n- 01 Annie Klf.inman, President, . .- y t'-a- ll The rneeitng was then given into the hands of Sister Hart who spoke at some length. Benediction by Counselor 'Coleman. to At 7:30 p. m -- meeting rn JSS2, the period of their migralio to Arizona. Qn her arrival i Arizona with her famil she joined the Relief Society and at her deatli Was preident of the teachers m lh-- r Alma ward. "She was a f J. Wat; husband, Janus Vance, in 1855, with whom ,hl shared in tne pri ations and toii-- of Utah's, early pioneers, and to whom she bore a family of pvch e chiUlien, ami lived to see one sen return M W4i nil ijvwumutu un iiiiv wUUlJlt'j Gll and grandson are .still injiuj the mission 'field arid by her Bi hop and each who spo e at her funeral, Sister Vance wa a live member of' the Church, was faithful-tevery duty and railing. From age, experience and good works she, has gone to nerrestasa veteran in the Ctiurch of God, leaving a veteran husband with four king children anil very many grandchildren to Lear her name in honor and b essin through generations ot time. " As a worker in the St. eorge Temple she us among the fir.t called afer-it- s dedication, and s e faithful . Sum-mere- Dcce.v near Independence,. Jiclcaon the Church at so early a period Mo. Bjrn in Co., she passed through every pnncind evolutin, Chu ch experience from the time of her birth Un. ui t e nay 01 ncr ueam. S(iecime0 rjt ah m iS.io, was married to her i n . Va'-wil- of-;- ,' ' a again-met-i- TV, . woe-wor- St. Charles, Idaho. . Lurline. . BERTHA PETERSON SWENSON. :On Sunday, June 26, 1898, Sister Bertha Peter- son Swenson departed this life. 