71 uasIAa (SK?. j ( .Wn. V, " V V i r- -, ... , II m- Po'iticsA .Muj:- k. z. Kepon. n Incident-Id- a. Tribute - Rich'ard - a P. . S. Home. U. AssV. Sec. The Life and Works Anthony. General .Relief Society M.-Fo- of Susan 11 E." B Conference Ladies' VV. Well?, Sec. In Memonam. - Meeting.' Editorial: A Christmas Thought. Thoughts. President Sarah M. Krrball. Christmas Again. Edito.ial Notes. Musings nd Memories. I'oetrv: A Lover's Sentiment L. L. Greene Richards. Old Father Time Selected. Semi-Monthl- y FOR .. LOVER'S SENTIMENT. A fhTER M.I.HORNE ON HER EIGHTIETH BIRTH" DAY, NOV. 20, IS9S. 'Tisnot ' too much" that reverence should be ' shown, Where such integrity as thine is known, t Love, the ''fulfilling of the law" is here. out all fear." inspire, no and no Which knpws unjust desire. guile Lovers and sweethearts in the balmy days , . Of young, sweet love, repeat each other's prai e; And so will we; there is no higher theme Than holy love, pure as an infant's dream Oar "Sweetheart" of today has proven true hrough eighty years; in Kirtland and Nauyoo She with the prophet and his people fared, . . And all the trials of the Saints has shared. So speak herWorthiness whoever may, . can us none tribute of a pay! Jo high rich and with Sweethearts lovers thoughts subThat perfect love" which 'casteth The love which faith and confidence " lime, Oft set dear names to music or to rhyme; And so ill we in joyous measures tell Of our great love for Mary Isabelle 'Tis not ''too much," that honor should be L. I . late grand victory in our war with Spain was due to American individualism more-thato anything else. . Freedom of. the press does not mean license. It does not mean that a knight of the quill lias a right, to vent his spleen on private individuals, or give him the right to invade the sanctity of t he home. Public j)eople who have charge of public affairs are proper subjects of press praise or. criticism and the press acts as guards on the tower, to watch over the wel. fare of the people and the nation. Kept within its own sphere the press is the exponent of right, the champion of liberty and the promulgator of intelligence, and its freedom should be maintained by every intelligent being, society and nation.". 'Women as Bread Winners." Dr. Ellis R. Shipp.. "Since time immemorial when Ruth went into the fields to follow the reapers and pick up the heads of golden graiti, have some women been bread winners'. Today we find many notable instances, women who. win bread not only for themselves, but fam- ilies, etc., and various are the occupations. In early 'times, before suffrage, that bright star of civilization shed its beneficent rays upon the world, women were obliged in order to gain a livelihood to resort to the most menial toil. Hood's ' "Song of the PRESS CLUB Greene Richards. ENTERTAINMENT.; The Utah Woman's Press Club were deMrs. Arthur lightfully entertained at, residence Brown's commodious on Friday afternoon, Dec. 9. The literary feature of this charming social function'' was the toasts given at table, though the luncheon was a delicious affair in itself The hostess gave the subject and a applicable from and Miss Alcoa's "Song of the But .how Tub," give vivid pictures. changed! and this change ha been wrought by noble women! Through the heroic efforts of such workers as our own Susan B. Anthony and others like unto her, woman is found in the professions and in places of trust with competent salaries. Would that this reformation were universal. "The Club Woman," J. A. Farns worth, Shirt,'-- ' ''barati ti. Carmtchael. ymlTsIIri rnortaT Poetess," Lydia Alder. . Ruth M. Fox. Reporter," Annie Woman "The Bradley: M. " . "In tracing the evolution of the newspapei -- - : ' v ; v-- ...: l' ;y. essential ;r--?u- to "The freedom of the press is religious liberty and in the ' e of freedom" of. speech and thought. ' It was said by higS 'uibpnty Hat rte civic and .out-com- 15, and the Nairn. , No 1898. 14. Planting seeds of knowledge pure, ThFouh earth to ripen through heave 1 ..endure?.; - The natural instinct of woman, which is much keener than that possessed by man, seems to peculiarly fit her for the work, and the public have found the woman reporter as '.Inquisitive,, fierce and fasting, . Restless, predatory, hasting, as any one could possibly be. Let us spread her a welcome wherever she goes." Reading of ' Sarah E. Cannichael's poem "The Origin of Gold," by Mrs. Aider. Singing by the club "Auld Lang Syne." POLITICS. Politics ! Polices ! !, Party ! Party ! Party politics, till one's soul is sick of the words The partiand all their paltry meanings sans of every party plow the whole field of history, past, present and to come, for roots of laudation of their .party. According to them every blessing which ever did, does now, or ever will, descend like rain on the just and the unjust, from a famine in India or the sinking of a hostile fleet, to sixe teen chickens at one hatch, is directly to the wisdom, forethought and philanthropy of Our Party; and all the ills of a cyclone or a labor strike to old Brindle dead in the lucern patch, or a sliver under your thumb nail, was just as surely caused by the ignorance, greed and general mismanagement of Your Party. When one party puts a name rtt its head that bristles with as many serpents of men-- . ace as thieaoToOredusa, and you talk ot" scratching it off, what an outcry is raised ! . ! about "going against the party." When two equally good and efficient men are named on different tickets for one office, and you choose to take into consideration "Fanny- Burney Mad. D'Arblay," Ella W. Hyde. "WomenEngaged in Journalism in Utah ; ; 0 V life-fro- " ' i. .jui, trac-abl- we find the development of th woman re wo-- '' porter has kept pace with the strides of men iQ every other department of life. quotation "Once I lived apart, now I live with all.". some well known author.1 Prayer by Mrs. since and the "sphere" of a few Dookm. club, Onlywoman years was" Woman's Song; "America" by the Worldf" ' the reporter Annie M. Bradley accompanist. "Essentialof Fancies Women," "Fads and Ladies TOASTS. ly Feminine' "Society," and "My report of A concise and Toilet! " Long and various theBut "Benjamin Frdnklin." so narwe have read. omprehensive sketch of Franklin was given foolish gosbip row a sphere could not long satisfy those, by L. M. Rhodes. She is "Utah Woman's Press Club, its Origin, whose energies were Undaunted; universe of the Its Present Its Emmeliue B. now a thief and a pirate Future," ' V with many fashions and addresses, who ' Weils. . seen and "Utah's Pioneer Women,f: Phebe C. writes the adventures her eye has as bright : her ear has heard in many styles, Young. her worthy ' "The Freedom of the Press," Dr. R. B. and keen as were ever penned by find her with, brother in the profession. We Pratt."- l. . ix" Sifiing Better up to Best;." . - ,".- J: Without halting; without rest, n . done, e Joiclty4Tke-tmierdeaF-hnorGd-oa- J SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, DECEMBER 27- - .prt.ss Club Entertainment. Loving Ruth I the Women of UUh Should be a Power to better the Home, the State CONTENTS: wump. - - o Vol. Y- y O'W.F N II A - " some difference we will say in physical "strength or financial circumctauces, to favor the less fortunate, you raise another hullabaloo about "damaging the party !" -I say "To Blazes with party" if it makes slaves of the voters. In the present campaign scarcely a wor Since man's name appears ou any ticket. woman's citizenship is part of the State Constitution, and since women are human, they ought to participate in the privileges as well as penalties of humanity. Canvassers have been very active in calling at the,; homes of the voters to inquire if they were duly registered, and to recommend either self or self's party to your kind considera: tion. .;;.:.'-.:'?;- .'. ' : ' You perhaps take the liberty to ask if there was no woman in that or any other party who could be trusted to fill "that or any other office. Some professed to be as much at a loss as the questioner, and some indulged in wild guesses! After carefully sifting the busheTof chaff t ; ' An energy that searches through, From Chaos to the dawning morning Into all our human plight, The soul's pilgrimage of flight; . V;--- - : -- ; " youifindLat theib smut, which says "A woman's name weajs, 