r-- - W.OMAN'S - EXPONENT, low:.- - ' OLD FATHER TiMf Wfififah. '.sins so ioui 1tttJtV.t7.7r Jt7l r3J which I might have yide'd'By your kind ' . 1. 1. I.. . . uiui.sanu counsels 1 wasiauguL mai icn-t- i ' which'is due to seniors and' superiors. . J Jcftu77rf .. v whirh Miss AlltllOUV o d man, has been the central figure. It pictures the Old Time is a good be not gay, What though his step struggle to obtain ine ngni ior wuiuau iu f as ecan, along as ,well for the afllicted, de crepit and inspeak in public; first in behalf of the slave, He trudges Respect . n.'!thpniial snail." then in the" interest of. temperance, and at firm and sorrow-striden was awakened H e trudges aio"K With his scythe in his hand, in my mind by your worthy example, last for her own freedom. for laws to secure to early of sand, :. e herself the control of her own property, her And his as well as your wistHn struct tons. If aught in my life has caused you regret wages, her person and her children. Then AJ his single lock glossy and gray. . or suffering, I trust you will extend pardon follows the long continued baltle for equal Full many jo she bears, will ever remain solicit educational advantages and equal industrial that therefore; you he tmngs, Full many griefs for my welfare, and still advise, coun-- ! opportunities, and last md longest of all for tous of or load cares, the Yt t thinketh he naught and the citizen's right to the franchise, sel and admonish, as your mother-lovwho wots shares, nor his wallet, Contained in The work consists of "two large volumes, wisdom, may dictate. But indifferent smiles fnv tliM rhnW;t blfinr nf OUT Heaven- - copiously illustrated with over fifty portraUs On the world and .iU wiles, Father be. liberally showered upon you; of Miss Anthony and her colaborer?, enly of kings. fate the or lot On the beggar's gravings of her different homes, old Quaker may 111s iimy opim juui of letpanion;may yourearthly joys daily increase; meeting house, and a large numler The years in their flight he measures ters and autographs of distinguished men may your happiness be greatly multiplied As round his dial they climb; and women. The facts and dates of each in the love and loyal homage of your scarce value his treasures, Hut we, ala and great grandchilchapter have received Miss Anthony 's We're thinking now of. the seasons pleasures approval; and this is the only authendren; may your favor with the Lord and His When cares we lay by, can Ik wrilU u, When we banish each sigh Holy Priesthood and Saints prove an anchor tic biography of her that ever of hope to your soul in all your remaining as the letters and documents will not be acFor the song and dance of Christmas time cessible to other historians. This work folon the earth; may a happy reunion bedays old and hoary! Hail, then.Uecember, th ugh the vail with loved ones gone before, lows consecutively the history of one of the yond The early Fresh fagots pile on the bright fire, and chosen ones of our Father's household greatest woman reformers child-- : And listen awhile to the comical story, be your reward when you have done with chapters describe her ancestry, home, he year's departure let us crown with glory, hood and life in a Quaker boarding school, this mortal life, is the earnest desire of By the embers bright glow, the last told in her own quaint letters and Your loving son, We'll defy frost and snow, S. Horn. Later chapters depict her experidiaries. Richard While the whistling wind ioins in the choir. ence as a teacher related in her own charactSelected. eristic letters, the moving to Rochester by U. V. P. c. canal in 1845; evolution from schoolroom into pupil life'.then follow: Early Laws for A LOVING" TRIBUTE. C. P. W. The regular meeting of the U. of the Bloomer Costume; History Women; was held in the lExponent" office Nov.30, Canvass of the State of New York in Sleigh; TO MY MOTHER ON' CACHING HKR Work with Letters from Gary 1898, the new president, Ella W. Hyde, in KIGHTIETH YEAR NOV., l8qS. offered prayer. rison, Greeley, May, Gerritt, Smith etc.; the chair. Mrs. E. 13. Wells The Roll call was answered by miscellaneous Dear MotherCampaigning with the Garnsonians; Pills-burMinutes of annual meeting sentiments. Mobs; Letters from Phillips, Curtis. Stan-toThrough the blessings of a kind, loving read and approved. Lucretia Mott, .Elizabeth Cady are,. yourhave Father, whose children.-w- e a happy 'the Fosters and Others; The Marriage The new president theu made been permitted to remain in mortality to the for ladies thanking the Divorce Question; The War and the and the ripe age of four score years. Eighty little speech, honor conferred and expressing a desire for Woman's Lnyal League; Reconstruction and of world this in care, of years probation the future advancement of the club. Under Fight over Fourteenth Amendment; Kansorrow and trouble have proven your integunfinished business the matter of incorporsas and George Francis Train; Publishing all to be to womanhood and equal over. rity Celebra-nr- i laid catrie up and was again Revolution; Fiftieth Birthday the ating ' emergencies. Pnpm hv Phoebe Cary; The McUnder head of new business a note was . Born in a foreign land, fostered under an of the General Farland RichardsonCasejVi under the read from the secretary tbe FeeTatioTTOkingnembers-io-subscribe-forTnIII7Ar1risT-in of andfpeace emblems Fedexa-tion early royal liberty Amendment; Beecher-Tilto- n the Biennial report of the General Fourteenth have your naeiity proven womanhood, you Ruth M. Fox was nominaTrial-ThWoman's Fourth of July in 1876; for 1898. to your country and its constitutions uuder Wells and seconded by Lucy Ten Year? on the Lyceum Platform; A Tr' e to ted by E.forB. director the most trying. .ordeals of. life. to the State Federain Europe; Appealing to Congress A. Clark Year not have of convictions your right you Years; Suffrage Amendfor Thirty-Thre- e tion; carried. J swerved from' the truth as it came to your Miss Julia Farnsworth then gave a very ment Campaign in Eight States; Practical heart through the light of the Gospel of the on the vs Theoretical' Religion; Pronounced Opininteresting and ; instructive paper A conLord Jesus --Christ.,. '..S ..... Years' Exfollowed by discussion- Vital Thirty Questions: on ' ions Phillipines, sufferDrivings, mobbings, the trials and on Current Events was perience with Political, Convntions and and cise paper pithy life have ings incident to exile and pioneer A pretty ties; Gathering of the Anthony Clans jn given by Mrs. L. M. Rhodes. Phebe divine pa failed to weaken your trust .in a C. entitled "Life" by Final Triumphs, HonorsTnbutes, poem original firm remain to l8g7; caused but have work, you Young finished the program. to the last. Cameron Brown kindly invited etc I. Mrs. sincereWe hail you as our mother, and the club to meet at her of member every ly hope that the remaining years of your at 2 should always keep a corner of our We St., South E. Temple home, 201, and free, that we. may make stay with us will be your happiest, best minds open December on 9. o'clock xmeeting was read, room for the opinions of our friends. Let ones on earth. ' next for The program As one to whom you have given birth in benediction by DrE. R. Shipp us have heart and mind hospitality. after and homin the' flesh. I must respectfully bow to meet at therooms ot club the adjourned filial age to my Dother, and tender a son's Miss Olive Schreiner positively refuses to Constitution Building, R. H. Shipp, pr; love and gratitude. To you and your kind, 10 a young icpuuu See an interviewer. December meeting. the for farm motherly affection and interest in me in my . who approached her on her African M. Fox, Asst. Sec, , . , Ruth ... . , young days I owe much of the little good she said: modern interview. that is within me. I heartily condemn the B. SUSAN OF WORK those of Ever solicitous for the welfare A person is ensnared into a ng ni anu THE LIFE AND which ANTHONY. whom God has intrusted to you, and wishsuperficial colloquy upon a subject reflecdemands dep thought and mature ing' all your children, to follow paths of or a woman has a message honor and righteousness, you have carefulBY IDA HUSTED HARPER. If tion it cannot ; be uttered forcefully m ly guarded us against the wiles and snares issue to Susan of 'Interviews ; The life and work, ;.'.;0f theungodlyl s one of theseinterViews, woman of onf. recital than the the Admonished, and advised by you when is far mbre even the are abominations whichaccemuate be woman that though the tempter's wiles and 7 fascinations were experience, at the expense of the principle. the of century. ". most interesting personality wrapped about me, I was saved from' fol ; 1 4 T 1 . ,..,..' 4. A K . ivifTTVin in . , i e i ' time-piec- , I . I j e . I j children,-- ! per-son- grandchildren al . " I Anti-Slaver- - . y n m ... e ....... f j . r 7 . fi X . ' . I -- " - aSn per-onali- ty 7-- : 