WOMAN'S KXPONKNT. "has ever boasted that our country was a op'UPVji refuge of the GoVt:niuien ThJ , . 1 . CeSS W0U1U . v Wiat, IS ... - , . " iucimujjvu.v anti-deinocrali- c, :., . . 1 Kx. - MKKTING. LADIHS SK Nil MONTHLY -- Meeting Minutes of Ladies ward held in the 14th Assembly hall, AugK. J.' Stevenson Counselor ust 27, 1898, presiding. Opened by, singing 'For the strength of the hills we bless thee." Prayer by Counselor K. L. Webb. Continued ,by singing "Welcome best of all good meetings." Sister Stevenson stated that President Home would not be able to meet with us today and asked the sisters to ex ercise faith that Sister Home might be strengthened, and her heart made to rejoice. Minutes read and approved. Counselor K. J. Stevenson gave valuable instruction aud spoke of the accidental Our death of Sister Home's grandson. sympathies go out to those who are afflicted and bereaved. Sister K. Barrow thought we should live by every word that proceedeth from the word of God, and made other good remarks. Sister Julia C. Howe said: "The love of the Lord should be written in our heaits. I think we have been negligent in not teaching our children the ten commandments. Do we instruct our children what these sins are ? Parents should teach their children all the virtues liiI. then send them to the Primary for further instruction. We must teacii our children by the fireside. Sisters pray for those whu are bereft in the death of young Brother Home, it Is a shock to our dear Sister Home. May "the v m pr i ti Jave-XiLthe-irOrU-b- e-i y tetl-ti-th- tr hearts-o- -- vice-preside- ret " ' . NOTES AND NEWS. vf V-,;' and . bank in Utah; Since the establishment oft;,,.. .r. we have opened more than 1:mw,o ings accounts. The laws of Ulah permit women and a No children wlioaiuv.rtt., iuui04 in accounts their 0 to'open savings name, subject to tlieir own ord.-av e ou such an aecouuty If r:e' ' (,. t one NOW. W'e pay FOUR PiHL CKNt 'i TKKKST on any amount from fire iV-Iar to thousands, and Cornp: !e interest four times a year. WKlTIv for any information desired. WlLl'OIiU WoODliL'FF. lVe?t. ' , nt (Jiioiuii: M. Cannon, cvhiei Main Street. No- -. arm uxrtruxruuTJ mnn ruirLn t inrinjxruoraap Rea. nrnnn oiinnT mr nin nni 1 c untburionuni Lint rtAiLtiUAU Clara Barton will be ready to meet SurgeoSternlerg or anybody else who wishes to lay responsibility for, sufferIt is r.ot likely that ing on the Red Cross. that official will be eager to hear the truth all told by th?t' straightforward lady. The Red Cross took the lion's share of the responsibility of relieving suffering so long c 5 n-General- that Surgeon-Genera- (to poJnt.. Trum San Cache Valley Ut'tlen aud iiit'rm"dlato pnlnti. FroM ( hicajro. Omaha,' St. Louis, Kfiti-a- 13 p m 8 L5 a ra T 15 p ta i D am fl 0 pm 4 00 pra 7 0) in DZPART. l or Ch'caco, Oraahv L)nrer. Kansas Citv. fet. Louis, Vgdea aud TarkCi7. San for f Francisco. Oden, Cache Valley and intermediate points. S CS am For UK;en, Denver, Kansa-- City. Omahru st Caica'j and 8 25 lntrrmMliato p)lrits pm For ujrden. llutte. lleleua, Portland S U uii'l an Francisco pu Fer .Mercu l.ur ka. SHror Cjty. 1'rovo. Ncnhi. sanDPte, Milford, Frisco and intertaediato point 7 30 an Ulixed train for Cariicid fieaeh. 7 1) an Trxle and Terminus Trains soatii of Juab run daily except . cumin. 1Iaily except Sunday, K.Te secjn i ?outb strtswU Iiallruad and Steamship Tickets on. to all parts o the world. I'uliiuau i'aUce t ar ticket offis. Denver is one day nearer Chicago Ud;W than it was y.v,teray. 'Thin is the actual practical effect of the Uitl mail train.-- inuu-ura!,vv tie. . 'A.l. iu-- h ana tunion iiui ( 'anne.ln''!f liriif llrroJd, lib. s. IS'js. - . , o, '0 N-. U'tfi t'itv, lenveraiiil s From Frisco, MUford, Sanpeti, Fro-rKur?ka, Marnrotii. Silver City and intermediate rolnts.... Mixd tram from Terrainua, Tooele and Oarflel l .lleaoh THli lA(vLE - ' Ih-k'ii- few-days- 1 . and H(.'ili) From IJiittw, Port!anl, Sao KraneNco. UtJen and iutcruied-lat- e . . ARRIVE. from flitcaco. Ornafia,. St. L6ul Kansas t'ity, leuver. l'ark City 3 ment is ridiculous. as the Rel Cross has had entrance to the military camps sincejune 9 they must hare the responsibility for any suffering witli the War Department. The Red Cross isn't afraid but who is going to ."investigate" the merciful acts of a volunteer organiza tion managed by a disfranchised female citizen ? Boston Transcript. A small dish ot powdered charcoal keo. on one of the upptr. shelves of the refrigerator is an excellent thing to absorb odors. . It should be changed every SWIFT 17, lJ-'J- Trains arrtre'anJ depart at Salt Lalce CItj Sternberg's announceHe says that inasmuch l Kflect Jul 2tily as follows: Wt-s- t epliofie N'a .'J. it'-- I). K. liUKLBV. Cen, Pass, aud Ticket Agent W. ECCLES. S. . J W. General Traffic Managrer. IL BANCROFT. Vice-I'rebide- nt aud Gen. Manazer 3 The Chicago Specia leaves Denver, Arrives Ornaha, Arrives Chicago, 4:."W 7;U0 orrururruxriruTxinjxru R.K. THOMAS p m today. a m tomorrow. p m tomorrow. To the Chicago, Union Pacific and North- Removed to 48 and 50 Mill SI.. western belongs the credit of inaugurating the new fast - train Chicago. service- between Denver, and SALT LAKE CITY. ; LydiaD. Aldkr, Sec. pro teriv rJk-'--- . nt our children, and if we do not teach them aright we will be held accountable." - ': tWnv;-lhe'onici- .Mh&Jhtt ' Demorest's Monthly Magazine, died' recent h in New York City, after a long illness. Mrs. Demorest had been actively engaged for many years in philanthropic and temperance work and in publishing the magazine and other literary and fashionable ierio(li-cals.- She was born in ''Saratoga in 1824, was the president of the Wcman's Christian Temperance Union of New York City; and.trustee of the Woman's Temple of Chicago;' one of the charter members of Sorcsis; and a memaud Mrs. Demo ber of many other societies. rest leaves four children Mrs. lenna Demorest Gano, Henry C. Demorest. William C. Demorest and Mrs. Evelyn-Demo-- f Sister M. W. Wilcox said: "May we be enabled to comprehend the dealings of God with us, honor the priesthood, exercise, faith in the Gospel, pray for our children when they are going away from us, and I believe God will respect us for it!" Sister Barnes, Sister Martin and Sister Rawlings each bote a faithful testimony. The congregation sang ofd IVotTwiJt me hear when I pray.", Sisfer Jane James made a few remarks. Sister E. Webb spoke of the evil of allowing our children to.be out at night. Sister Stevenson- made a few closing remarks and meeting adjourned for two weeks. Singing Doxology. Benediction by Sister Margaret P. Young. A"d when Mrs. Ellen Louise Demorcst, loundcr ot vice-preside- '.. S'e.mi-monthl- Save Your Money! tfVfttfaft' anti that are polluting our Christian phrases 't. .... i iuai "KemeinDer uie uamc, Speech. of sentiment" revenge. diiect appeal to the "The 'rights of the conquering nations," that direct confession of allegiance to Ceasarism let these phrases and all their numerous synonyms be compelled to go. May Wright Skwall. moiiarchial, ions Montauki .'Miss Wheekr several times actcd.as chaplain in reading- the pray. the " bodies were Coih' T totlie watery grave. to Lihis new train is u of modern It consists oftriumph six marmin,vt rail-roadm- g. bullet, smoking and Tibrcirv ."t " etc. shop, ;.Two splendid palace Jleep Reclining, chair car. Dining car, meals a la carte. Baggage ear, es rhis Miss Annie Wheeler, daughter of Gener-a- l train between Denver "and Chicago the luxurious having who had, been nursing the sick Wheeler, at Santiago,, and has now come up to :..,....Buffet, Smoking and Library Cars. Montauk, has become especially endeared to the men for her adaptability under all. V Westbound, "The Colorado Special" leavn circumstances. Qn the Voyage frum Santi- - The Leading Retail " ' -r- -r- r-- -. MM ' 