EXPONENT. WOMAN'S 5i no ofl pbti.e, ;vJfe!.VX'--ood' hereafter' when In the 1 '.."(lie , judges all flesh, can it be possible L, "SSaent Lord in-th- ' . - y v -- "Exponent." shall be glad if auy sister or brother will throw a little light on; the Savior's words, winch I acknowledge I am unable to understand. I DlLBHUK. - -- or-whe- n Statistical and financial report read and Mary Hawks presented the accepted. general Ixxird of Relief Society officers: unanimously. All were sustained, and also the officers of Counselor Ann Cluff said f" We all know this Stake. this society cannot be carried on without Bishop L. L. Hatch heartily endorsed means, we should have charity not only all that had been said. President Fox and with our means, but with one another. Counselor Mary Hawks encouraged all to Teachers should enter into .their duties love one another and be united, unity.is With all their heart and soul, be determined to do right and all the good possible; restrength. Conference adjourned for three months. member that charity covers a multitu e of voiue listen i a piopuci vuiic. sins. I ask the Lord to help us all." oingiU Benediction by James Herd. President 'Atwood said: "I am very well Ann !; Hatch, pleased with our conference,' 1 thought as the presidents were reporting and they said 'SUMMIT STAKE. there was 110 poor to need help, what a. There are a few that are conference of blessed people. l Minutes of sick aud when you go. to visit ihera go. Summit Stake, Relief Society held at President Mary J. clothed with the spirit of your calling and Tuesdcy, Sep-6- ,' At wood presiding. Meeting commenced at they will be pleased and com fqrted with your visit. Gil e what you have to give 10:20 by singing "Prayer is the Soul's sinVour and ask God to bless the suffering. cere desire." Prayer by Brother Pascot. offers are 'like bread cast upon the waters, Singing "Come listen to a prophet's voice." On the stand were Counselors Ann Cluff after many days they will return,' in blessWe should be betand Ruth M. Pack, Dr. E. S. Barney of ings upon your heads. Salt Lake City, and Stake President W. W. ter acquainted with each other and be Cluff. The minutes of the previous con thankful for our homes and surroundings." Sister Barney spoke for some time, touch- ference were read and accepted. Stake re- Verbal reports werejvejihy. port read. e&ident-Atnr-Harder, Karaas; President ing the teachers she sid: "Don't ever say Elizabeth Lusty, Coalville; President you are begging. You are soliciting means Louisa' Wickle, Kcho; Counselor Sarah E. to carry out one of God's requirements to What have we Sargent. Hoytsville; Counselor Hannah assist th poor and needy. that is our own? Not a thing, all belongs Richen, Hen nefer. 'Ruth.-MCounselor Pack then addressed to the Lord, jou are only stewards and the sisters, advising them to build good should be liberal. If we were livine in tbe Said: " We united order this would all be done away granaries and lay up wheat. have an abundant harvest this year and the with, for we would all be equal. Tithes grain is good, work in the time thereof then and offerings bring forth the blessings of your duties will be easy. Get the spirit of heaven." God, have your lamps trimmed and burnPresident W. W. Cluff announced the ing, thatyou may be prepared for. whatever time of our beloved President Wilford is before you. It is a grand thing to be a Woodruff's funeral and made a few reLatter day Saint. We have to do our of if work in this dispensation to prepare for the marks, saung the sisters are not proud themselves the brethren are proud of them. future, ask the Lord for His holy spirit to "Their are, excellent and you should give you strength to perform every duty." be proudreports of your perfect organization in the President Atwood introduced -- Dr. E. S. Relief ' I always admired Sister Society. Barney who spoke upon a variety of. suband push. I have been jects and said:. "My only desire is to do Barney's energy with her a long time and algood to others. If you wish to be edified-yo- u acquainted ways found her full of energy. The teachmust giveyour strict attention and be ers who feel like they a4re begging don't united, that you may draw out the speaker have the spirit of their mission, upon them. according to your desires. I am pleased to You go forth to solicit means to carry on meet with you and with one of your officers that part of the work of the Lord, and you Sister Ruth Pack, whom I was acquainted should all be earnest in your labors. This with over fifty years ago in Nauvoo e and conference now adjourns to' meet in You have good crossing the plains. the first Tuesday in May, 1899." officers in your Stake organization Benediction Singing "Hail' Emanuel." listen; to their counsels. ' Lay uo all the by Kdraoud T' 7 wheat you can, it will keep if. well Kldredge. protect- Sec- . . I ON K I DA STAKE 1 - Minutes of the Oneida Stake Relief Society quarterly conference held in the Franklin meeting house, Sep. 13, iSgS. On the stand were Morning Session: Stake President Elizabeth Fox, Counselor Mary Hawks and Sister Elizabeth J. Stevenson of Salt Lake City. Meeting opened Great Jeho-vaThou "Guide usO, by singing " Prnver bv Sister Phebe McNeil: singing "We thank Thee O, God for ja prophet!" The minutes of the" previous conlerence were read and approved. President Fox was pleased to see so many present, as the St ike had been divided recently there would not be so many wards represented 4s heretoforej there being. e instead but twelve wards lelt in of twenty-sevePresident Phebe McNeil reported the Fairview ward; Julia Ropen, Preston; L. B. Benson, Whitney; Annie Challis, Franklin. All are in a flourishing condition both, spiritually and financially. Counselor Mary Hawks said: "It takes energy to push any great cause along. We have cause to be proud of the noble women at the head ol these organizations. There are also women of the" world doing noble deeds. We should watch our youth, many allurements surround them,- infidelity abounds on the earth." Sister K. J. Stevenson felt pleased to be present. Said we had already heard many truths, considered it a privilege in hearing the minutes of the first organization of the Relief Society of 'the Church. It is quite proper for the youug ladies to join these We should teach pur associations. daughters to be good housewives; industrious workers and not mortgage our homes for the vanities of the world. We shall be tried all we can stand. BeneSinging "0, Jesus, the Giver." diction bv Counselor Marv TTnwL-Afternopn Session: Singing "Come 0, Thou king of Kings." Prayer, by James Challis. Singing "Prayer is the soul's sin. semi-annua- h .''''' Hen-nefe- r, -- -l- the-Stak- n. - -- ' I ef Fox was pleased with Sister Stevenson' touched upon the subof ject of storing grain;- said in the midst President Woodcounsel there is safety. ruff has said the vials of wrath were being We must take care of our poured out. Our sishealth and attend our meetings. ters are being called on missions, great rev. sponsibilities will rest upon our young people.. Advised the s'sters to take the . R. S. REPORTS. ; e grain. . - BV-tlig nf !!hm'f travels thioiiL'h the Stake before its division, considered it important to gather grain in the' season thereof. The Lord has blest us. with bounteous we should make every effort to store our - . - -- Our 5L&k?izxTJwe will be able to viit every ward." Spoke that she will have less glory than her more favored " sister ? I see a patient, untiring mother with only small means toiling from morning to' night for her husband and children with little or no encouragement, (by the way, husbands might often lift a great weight of care by. saying, a cheering word oi praise, they do ' not think how dear such trifles are to the weary and careworn wife,) but still .she toils on. There are thousands of . Marthas bearing many heartaches that are not able to take the place of the Marys, and. whose inmost soul cries out, "Bless me also, even v me V Lorntill i" - The Master knew Marha well, for we are told "He loved Martha and her sister," so she must have been thoroughly under-Stoo- d Then why the rebuke? by Him. Surely, surely there is a crown of glory for the Marthas also ! ' . hadme bread nmde fVomiloiuttai IJnd kepi fourteen years, it was sweeiJ goou.i I sealed it up m tinman .aadAfem- .When you talk or read to K you pray, don't hide yocr .gallon, bDok ordown m your hands free behind a but lilt up your head so that your voice may iro out clear and distinct to the hl. ers. that they may all say amen. May the" Lord help us to understand our positions is my desire in the name of. Jesus Christ, .The morning session closed by singing Benediction' by President W. W. Cluff. Afternoon session called to order at 2 o'clock by President Atwood. After the opening exercise, roll was called and six branches represented. Counselor Ann Cluff then presented the officers of the Central Board who were sustained unanimously. The Summit Stake Relief Society officers weie presented and sustained; .the ward presidents with their counselors as thev now stand were presented and. sustained ed - Jl3gpuher-meIiicaLtudie,-and-sddre- sS' -- Coal-vill- c com-pete- -- nt . MaryX. Wooi.stknhui.me, . - 