3 WOMAN'S . - " '4 at . Mohammedans overrun the covin try the famous library ,at '. Alexandria; In 2 7 it was conquered by the" Turks, in 798 it was invaded by Napoleon, in 1801 the British expelled the Trench and the country fell into the. hands of the Turks under whose government it has remained to the pfreent day. .. We learu of their religion that they be lieved in one- God, and all powerful; that His representatives were worshiped in the sun and moon,;.:i the form of animals, cats, dogs and crocodiles and many others. That they believed in the t immortality of the soul and a final with a heaven hereafter whose degree of glory would correspond with our work i here. In the catacombs built in the chain of mountains' bordering the Nile are immense tombs; the ;er rooms are with pictures and statuary showing the people in their daily occupation, and here we gather fragments of their history ; proving that they vere skilled in agriculture, mechanical arts and domestic work. Linen found in the tombs at 'Memphis, isr comparable in touch to silk, equaling our finest cambric. Dyeing and coloring was well understood. Indeed their secret of in colors painting has never been equaled. does not fade them, and it is said that, Time among many ruins the colors are well ; 1 1 , j self-creativ- e i j iudg-men- ' ! , orna-mente- M. d . i ; : ; ! f ! ! . - ' pre-served- ;. ;.; ? Their literature contains much that is elevating, showing a high standard of morals. From the Book of the Dead, we quote the soul's defense before the God Osisis, the sun: "1 have not been idle; I have not ' j j been intoxicated; I have not told secrets; I have not told falsehoods; I have, not defrauded; I have not slandered; I have not caused tears;. I have given food to the hungry, drink to the thirsty, and clothes to The papyrus or reed plant the naked." with parchment; the dried skins of animals, ll . '- ! Memphis was an immense temple palace of rooms '"with beautiful three thousand courts.and colonades, built of white stone finely finished and covered with carvings. 'Kgypt today pays tribute to the Sultan of Turkey, but has an hereditary governor who is called the Khedive. It is the most advanced and progressive of any of the countries of Africa, having government The ; population i schools and railroads. very mixed consisting of Arabs, Copts des- cended from the ancient Kgyptians, Mobutumedans, Turks, Negroes and slaves. The majority of the people are ignorant and - superstitions. The discoveries being, made by the Egyptologists of today are constantly un-- ; folding to; us the history of its ancient- peo-pie. Prof. Tetrio, the greatest of modern workers, has recently made excavations near Thebes which he says will place the civilization one thousand years earlier than has been recorded, and making it antedelu-- j viar. time. Since the finding of the Rcs-- r setta stone by one of Napoleon's survey ors and its interpretation by the eminent French scholar Champolleon, a key has - tory. bunk' in Sinn vi" The tf 7vir sni.. !;n i.h thuu move, wonu'ti and of I'tuh - . alo rliildrrn account- to open ,avin' - in their nw, . F1VH pay who ;m- in n. op- f U I'KU Ha--yo- ;. .T.NT tin tiny amount fi!n on.-Jato tllou;ul'l-:- . ainl cornpntv TlililOsl' jntiT' -- t four t u !);!. WKITK for any infonnat Wii.ini.'o ( Xo-- . J -;- IK 'K'Ci: Main Sin t. - - in M. r yvar.. ' d'ir'-d.- ' thi;ri,i V( , n.:in-i,,- in"ir7wn ordt.-rir'iir.!?' .If not. nan.c. subject Mich an , ,.' . luws- V larjjr.r.--t . huvc upuied urtv-int."- u-- it Hank A ' - - lu- I'tuh. ' 'AN'NTtN, I t . '::s!i, ; " j ! .MidajifeFy Glasses. j j ii. IvOMAXIA I)J:. nu'iict.'.s PiLVIT'Com- - d;iss iri midwlfory ;i ovrv six months imnhuliabdy nhv.v - jinnrial (onfVr'Mice, Spocia til H.tmsesmon lbs to nVuV wives who have bfcii in pract ifr." thV-sem- r'' f- - - i Special terms driven to students .sent bv aav Kelief" Smdetv. Kov please adiress Ivomania . Pratt, Constitution Illdir'. Main St.. Salt Labe Citv. iar-ticular- s f SIP'S . Louidk. SCHOO oFDn. Eua SfffPP's School in Obstetrics ami Tdtir-WintrrTlllii VK. Xursinir will bejrin Uth, 1897, at her residence, 75 Center' street, with greatly improved facilities for instruction in this important study. For full particulars please Oi.-tob- o: SONG Lovingly dedicated to the memory of Clara Leon- ard A who departed this life August j, jS. with the summons,. He led the dear one by the hand, messenger came . address Ellis Safely over the dark rolling river, Safely on to a beautiful land. Their architecture massive and enduring The has beeii the wonder of the world. Egyptian granite is so hard that it can .scarcely be cut with the best steel made today, yet anciently it was chiselledor cut or picture writing, without I think it is .this appears unaccountable. for to one read the works of impossible ahy Profs. Smith and Seiss and remain unconvinced of its divine origin. AtJFhebes the great temple of Karnac connected with that of Luxor two miles xiway by an avenue of Saving ... Z' lo Jar. dt a ynrgt't .'un puny, tin: oUKi and been given to thei hieroglyphic cyphers, clearing many dark pages of Egyptian his- flowers. oba-lisk- L n w li U wir,miMUi:..l-'- iMnryf wltU .Zimi'h ; -- d, several inches deep showing a beautiful finish. Among the greatest pieces of architecture are the. pyramids, the. great The Karnac, t,abarinth and lake Moeris. great pyramid oT Cheops is 4S0 ft. high and Prof. Seiss calls it a covers 13J acres. great temple built in the land of Kgypt to the Lord, and brings forth many arguments that are unanswerable iii regard to its wonderful scientific and astronomical characters, showing that its builders had more than human knowledge. Unlike the other s ruins found such as palaces, temples, and monuments, the pyramids are left And . . Dark-skinne- -' -- I. Your J'y sphinxes it is said words cannot describe.. 11 con-- I The great hall is 340 170 Ret. tains over one hundred columns 70 feet. high and, quoting from Ferguson's history of architecture, "The mass of its central piers, illuminated by a flood of light from above and the smaller pillars of its wings gradually lading into obscurity , tire so ar-- ' ranged and lighted as to convey an idea .of infinite space; while the beauty and mas- siveness of its forms and the brilliancy of their colored decorations, all combine to stamp this as one of the greatest of man's The Labirinth at architectual works. YairpreTTareTHute ing. The earliest books consisted of pic tures similar to those used by our Indians today. The people were divided into class- es, the' priests being the most learned and powerful. In disposition they were mild and ..social and very religious, their religion entering into every day life. tall and well proportioned people who were fond of amusement and "great lovers of L . ZT, . the 1 iy)NHiVT. CHORUS. Where the sweet angels tenderly whispered ' . Welcome home, to a haven of rest, Welcome home to the beautiful mansions, he home of the pure and. theblest. CHORUS. lie St.. SALT LAKE CITY. . 'Neath a bower of flowers, With children, the pride of her heart; They unfolded the lessons of Heaven, Each modestly taking a part. sweet-scente- . R.K.THOMA! Removed to 48 and 50 The great books of Heaven Were 'opened, Her record was spotless and white, They entered the beautiful City Of God, clothed in beauty and light. R. Suipp d TJie CHORUS. They crowned her with jewels they gathered From the truths which she taught upon earth Sang the songs of the blessed Redeemer, Rejoiced at her coming and worth. Leading Retail Gash. House CHORUS. Tune: "I Know Not How Soon God May Call Me." ' ' - : Lucy A. CLARicr R.K.THOMAi 