WOMAN'S KXPONKNT. " ., ami other notable I'llltlllL' air Amesbm y, 1! 1 )OOK. d our . I . . . i . V Bannock Stake was Jeiku ted h'i 1 eioquenuju.v.i.. lent ml' in U -- - I refers more about tins intd- .vim' everv vrar '.v.ite's a' LrSn - ,1k-jm-nta- " d.-n- ! anWnSi-with hef.Hn.lous m,1,l . Cannoi, t aW,!.m-.c-- . tl:, kneciic- !( at the National Council m Washington m 85,.' and. .she brought a letter of introduc-tiuto President (ieore O. Cannon. Mrs. Barrett is National Superintendent' of the h'loreiice Crittenden Homes, and is deeply interested ' in the work; lslie is a very fasci nating woman in conversation, decidedly clever and brilliant, lias traveled extensively andvkuows many celebrities "in our own and foreign lands; has .visited.' Japan, the Holy Land and even Africa as well as nearly all the Kuropean countries, including Spain: has been presented at four Kuropean courts. We had 'an exceedingly interesting visit with her during her short sojourn and regretted very much, "she could not remain in the' city longer. On Thursday July 7, we had the pleasure ofii short visit and chat at our home .vith n 1 !:..'! i - tion wh:ch v,asanttinK tribute to the An 0lij,. of UlLMuilH.. . ....... ,. , 'u(Vl!n!ljl;; .... 111.11 VUIIH"-by the author himself in a very pleasing manner, and a collection ?vas taken In sist in erecting n suitable monument to the memory of the martyrs who found an untimely grave in the briny deep, which was a decidedly new departure from the e- tab lished custom r f the Latter day Saints who from a do not solicit me-oimgregatiou. a As there was large congregation it is hoped that a considerably hrge sum was raised here and if aio elsewhere in 'he State Utah will have cf :;tributcd a good lraie to im-i:V-- Mrs. Rate Waller lUriett, of Valuing- ton, I). C, imd a brief visit to our city, ar- ' riving on the. 25th of July; we had uiet her ;y lave" I..;, I'.,-.- - ; , - . a.. ... t la i m,!:- -,., runaway and six or e.v; ol them were bruised Ik it that v.a.sah. ,It ihvy .had eep preserved by an over a !.c:i ,hey - 1 -- I twveM ahvay 1. ever l:a yMA - lM,ilcni . President hunly G. Chili . i'tCOUIU VI lilt- - . uaniwii M-lr- their industry, energy and faithfulnes Counselor Kate L. Pax man of Juau ' an ga-,fs . spoke of the' nice comfortable houses t!;ey had in Nephi, and when they met in tl;: halls it seemed to. her they were as a temple, 'and said what excellent t:njt.s as-saert- - they had together among the sisters, a No what support the presiding brethren ia . the Stake g.ivc them and how united they wire. Piesident Lydia Rich. of Morgan St.. in representing aid, "We have-goothis laudable enterprise. and we have faith, it has been very .:fut-The Primary Associations of Salt Lake tve m cases 01 sickness, augeis are .w;ia We hud d Stake under the auspices ;f the olliccrs f and we !iel their influence. the Stake board and committee had an theria 'in Morgan and we, fasted and prayed to Saltair on Tuesday July iw, which and the destroyer's influence was sta'cd, was a very pleasant affair. 1'ievalenls Wilnot another case broke out, the blessing u! ford Woodrulf and George (J. Cannon and"! the hoid has attended us all the day lo:g. PiesidvUt Melissa Murdock of Charleston Mrs. Mary S. (list oi Washington, D. C, wife, also Counselors Jos. h. Taylor and and Penrose C. Prof, W. and wife wife, Relief St ciety. spoke for Wasatch Slake, whom we have known through the N. W. wife and and some others Maeser G. Karl referred to' the death of Stake. Preside::! She is in many re1'. A. foi some years. The of committee the were Ivmma Brown and stated that it was ex- guests party. spects a remarkable woman, .has been table and decorated .had the. the, beautifully would be ap- in good works at the headquarters peeled that auuther-presiden- t and was daintily arranged partaken where many enterprises are originated, and repast pointed soon, thought all was going rai f .air as a such' salt relish the with gives, Very well with the sisters in the Stake. has known much of public affairs in the iiMich a were exercises After theie lew by 'President Jane S. Richards said inAVeber capital of the United States, is a newspaper suited" the to and remarks time children the cliari-t Stake the sisters were trying to do well, correspondent and engaged in many Woodmade were and Presidents by place to live peacably and love one another, they ible societies. She was a delegate from the ruff The children and Cannon. acquitted had a good time at a late conference in thr National l'ress Association to the Biennial "the themselves the well, Hag drill, dancing ward- where she lived and they bad many at Denver, came on here and spoke at the small wee the two ones, by Highland lling good meetings and blessings, she enjoyed Mothers' Congress and was greatly delightrecitation and little Miss Pentose the by in heard and ed with what she saw while' working for the, needy and. considered the all The were 'of intellectJmes good. is singing our city. It the.'j' labors and duties of the Society were spirit gratifyiugHo have . the ot direction children under Brother us free are who come ual people ual help, made many encouraging remarks among America and felt" we were from prejudice and can see the right side of liassett was good and patrioticgreatly blessed of the and The' Star Spangled Banner wavs Lord. th'ngs. thrills an audience and more especially in a Counselor Annie K. Webster of Parowan On Friday, ..May 15, we had the pleasure time like the present when ihe a m people reahzed the greatness ot the work of attending the Reliet Society conference already enthused. Much credit is due Siake, of Utah Stake held in Provo. accompanied those who had the training of the little ones and. that it was necessary we should be ex The president, and to all who in any way contributed to emplary in our labors and try to impress it by Mrs. Sarah J. Cannon. upon the mothers to teach correct princiMrs. Mary John, and her counselors, Mrs. make the affair so and suece.-:u-l. pleasant in the home, to reckon with themselves Marilla M. Daniels and Mrs. Deborah BilSuccess to the Primary and those who are. ples "night comes, go over the lings, were on the stand also Mrs. Carol B. laboring in its interest, seeking to'traiu" the when events of the day, referred to her own child The children of this 4'ratt, the very efficient secretary. people in the paths of vir- ..hood and early traiuing. minutes of the previous conference held at tue, truth and honesty. ' President Zina Voutig spoke orrthe silk A comPleasant Grove were excellent. inittee of ladies had. prepared an elaborate industry, told the sisters not to leave a OFFICERS MKKTING. stone unturned in the silk business, set out lunch in the basement of the old tabernacle fhe cuttings of the mulberry trees, this. ana. a hundred or more women partook of officers1 The of the general conmeeting would help the children of the future: there the bounteous repast waited upon by sweet ference was held in the Assembly hall in was no country. in the world better adapted young maidens, the affair was very enjoy- - this President' city April 9, 1S9S, Zina D. to silk raising than this, sericulture would-giv.able. President David John was present H. Young presiding.in the afternoon and made a few remarks, the. women and children something to Meeting opened with '"O, singing my Father." Prayer do, it is au industry we can excel in and encouraging the Society in its good work. was offered ' Dr. K. U. Pratt. by Sinking give a great many employment, if we seek Representatives were present from most of the settlements in the county and gave "We thank Thee 0, God for a prophetr" good gifts they will be given to us, 'the gilt' The president said,. ''We are all of wisdom if we pray for it. Sister Rhoda good reports. 'happy and gratified to be able to meet Hinman's- - mother, Mother Chase was set together-tThe Maine Memorial services in the see each others faces, and especially' are we apart by the to administer PropheJoseph Tabernacle'm this city, Sunday July 24, glad to see those-frodistance whom we to the sick and was one l .were very impressive. The music by the seldom see, and I thank pf the first in this my Her.venlv dispeu sationio attend to this ordinance; onr choir of hundreds of voices and the prayer i dUia uuu.e sc many blesincrs sisters should carry home from this conferoffered by President Angus M. Cannon I would like toenjoy hear from SisterRhoda' ence the good word like a laurel or a sheaf were in keeping with the spirit of the occa- Hinman tronr Canada." of grain, to bless others with the teachings, Th speakers, Senator sion recognized. '.Sister. H in man said, ,MWq have the "Frank J. Cannon and Representative Win. Spirit with us. ;1 remember vhPu ht-Holy '. we' must love each other and blebs' each .other also, we have a great mission, let s H. "King, were both familiar with the sub-je- J JiCiSQciety was firs;t this organiztd; work is have the spirit of kindness. "I was glad to of the destruction of the Maine mcreasmg irom rvortli to South and from hear from those who are and of the condition of Cuba and with hast to West."building houses, Sister1 Hinman .made we need houses 7?V SrmifkV miHtv and of our own, we ought, to ,a interesting 'remarks.. " v.v&3 ...,.uC .oiuer have a three days' conference so that ad . k--- sl.-:c:- d . .s - . 1 . , 1, ex-eursio- n - " - jj j j ) fore-mu- J st i - . - j ' . - 4, ( e . , . ct Ill-fate- d " tliwrtn,,;. -- 