WOMAN'S 3' EXPONENT. He could not get it by dreaius-- , the Lord. or vis ons or Urim and Thumuiiiur-tfC-caufiirJSiS&ai !,n,b drift Pd r UN know how P reside iiT Woodr ff fetlst)OiV-- : Ub Uiere 111 Anzolia 7fl,V'-.A0nJL'ft of twel ve childreivmno the world: The ' mother the after v ni n lliingsOf 1111 r n riu. ru;ining wii iiiii ii.iv incit tv iujiiil' kood are ai and , loiter c i, nin.,t c. fni iii. anient the Sister- Jianks spoke of the advantage children of God all have their agency,! He She never does not take it away from tliem,- neither .. the.se meetings were to her. How grievous is the sin liked to hear any one spoken ill of. Re- do his servants. n5cth' sxtnson was a faithful, consis.ent and always attending to cited a very nice piece o poetry about among us of Sabbath breaking, running after pleasure and. the vain tliings,.o.f the one. A in the season thereof. She bas been a any against speaking i htr u t its (irst I am thankful that my heart was n the Rtit'f Society ever since Sister Lydia I). Alder spoke of her ah- - world. in frrifii tlwM lw-- tK' On had leen off opened- - to receive the Gospel when it 'came Li.tiMi ,rran:t;on ill rwuvv. of account tM'ia on . .,ntil she resigned to uie i.ov. a Vef! ...... traveling in the interest ct tne svorK; rp)Kc to me, and it is the pleasure i.i. ii.r neai.t. waa .amIni m.l voice which was so sleepy. of the different 'organizations which she had How comforting by our InlU t o sleep in Jesus, death is sweet attended. During her travels she was sur- testifies that we are approved ofHis spirit in heaven God pours out arvl h is no sting. prised and made glad to see the abundance Father to us, upon all the worldbnt it all belongs 01 Hie wheat neias, everiuu' God hath gathered home her spirit, All the great in- all trying to and is frorn His hand. were Saints the and God hath taken what He gave, .. gresMiig and are for Frrnd and sister sweetly slumber, live their religion. She was gone three ventions are from and by Hini, Saints. Sisters, your In the quiet, peaceful grave. weeks and had a very enjoyable time.. the benefit o" His God decircle. own ! Said as they, drove through the abundant labor is among your the resurrection morning- ' with His Gosind and shall d! appear as one, fields Brother Grant made the re-- i sires us to be satisfied harvest what robe f bright adoYnmg President Woodruff labor among His people." Spoke of lister wished he maik that ' on. Will the righteous then put fill his heart Januette Morris who often spoke in our r could see this,, that it would meetings.. "But her v'oice is silent now, Rt.SOLUTlONS OF RESITCT. with joy. . to receive her re-- , has she and a Beyond gone tuoceeded t(r Hive; Hvde c;c..r Ins AtmipT Wn rts, The hand of Divine Providence was a good woman, and I alShe ward. ner to of, a recent scene, from Bingham tlwir of sister trip ''description ovtHl our eloved that she was a congenial spirit of tesufym our desirous are the la S poral ors.e Society." Said it. was a ways-felt in organizing and expressing them were and we miss her." ''But life hereafter will beof most mid tdn'. rewt former memory .f.ii,r sympatny with the earnest married outsiders, glorious for her. Let us heed the whisperhad who be women therefore s young of her earthly citty; commit our loved ones in-- . ings'of-thSpirit, their and faith of full were but these ivomen and thank Him for all blessi rv,.. vl'h hnw with humble sub were generous in allowing them to His care husbands we do not Alluded to our fast meetings, and their rsiV.ntothewillol the Most High, ings." h meetings, attending every.privilege taken and every other thing that s mourn for our sister who has been the of the paying of the Savior, offerings, tithing reminded was fr calls upon, us to do. "Let us be Lord the active of an loss together." yoked the j ''Be ye not unevenlywas a Rl've(l, That' we lament marvel aaiong the willing workers, that our names endeavors uimost whose Home perfect Sister member Sjciety, Tliought a be in His book of remembrance." were exerted for its welfare, and prosperity; wav she was buoyed up to stand the may the Sister Butterwortli said she often felt that to her 'rHid arvl companion woo w.io irt did. It she proved co- that her to of emulation traveling Whose-lifwas a standard would not be afraid to have her record she those sustain to was willing that the Lord read from the house tops. "Related a dream of this who service. in his heartfelt time sympathy the That their to Rolved, spent been a comfort to her, had their bewhich some related Wilcox and Society be extended to her family in Sisters Barton reavement. and bore endure to the end. circumstances interesting very was thanklul that Mary Baxtrk, President, Sister Hannah-Wrig- ht ' testimonies. B'rRTHA Nielsos, very strong was chosen to be a savior of ber fathshe O. M. Sister made Counselors, were by ChkISTANia CiiRtSTF.NSPN, Remarks er's household; Bore a, strong testimony Maogir King, Secretary. Brown. of the truth of the Gospel. President Mary A. Hyde said.. she loved Sister Waterfall said she was thankful a was this of priviSaints, 'MEETING." the communion she should stand at .the. head of her that LADIES her years many lege that was promised We have set out to gain the same the family. of testimonies many ao Felt be faithful. the.. Ladies of the people 01 prize. May we rfllsior3--faiikftiA;rp;-n .'11 i hearts the , tec,ti- tpiirhing LqH 1 AsseTndily-hallijictnrmhrrk who our missionaries meeting held in the "14th ward towards the world truth, of the Gospel. . Saturday, July 30, 1898, President were out in the world. Gave an instance mony to the C. Cannon desired to bear Sister Clara M. I. Home presiding. Singing "Lord we one of our young men was taken of how of God to come before Thee now.'' Prayer by Clara care of who was sick. She then spoke in her testimony to the goodenss the only one of her father's house to her, Cannon. Singing "How fm a foundanot was interpreted. We can pray for. and tongues but it embrace the Gospel. at. tion." was.then the of meeting The business weak. in the Benedicencourage our friends who are President Home knew the benefit of tended to. Singing, Doxology. the faith, not murmur, for that will grieve these" meetings It was here where our tion bv Sister Julia C. Howe. the fed. Spirit. May we keep our eyes upon , Zina H. Bull, Sec. spirits were refreshed and we were God mark of our high calling. Spoke of how easily was the Spirit of The sisters sang "Glorious , things are meeting Semi grieved. monthly Ladies Many times it was driven away of Minutes , Howsung of Zion." from us by fretting and worrying. 14th ward .Assembly hall, Augthe in held Sister Julia Jones bore her testimony. M. I. Home presidever, God Ifnew our weaknesses and would President 1898, ust n, God had blessed her in her old that be merciful to us if we tried to overcome Knew Arise U, by singing Meeting opened them. Spoke of the difficulties the people ing. Sister Julia C. age Desired to be faithful to the end. by. Zion." Prayer glorious. Sister M. E. Taylor felt built up to hear had to overcome who settled Utah, and Continued by singing' "Let those Howe Hoped secre her sisters bear their testimonies; compared those days to the ones we enjoy be Saints indeed." would who end. Sister Alder ;was she would be faithful to the now, Said our young people knew nothnot beingpresent tary President Home said she received a note, ing of these, trials. God had said He would tn not in this capacity. Minutes acit was sent to her come "up to Bingham. ; have a tried people, therefore we should of last meeting read and approved. of our sisters were married to some Said wnu knowledge His hand in all things. Spoke Pres dent Home spoke oi tliose outsiders. A young mother had lost her of the war mid Irnpw the hand of the Lord said Jesus that Said, before they went up there, she was in 'it. Did not feel like prolonging her in these li meetings. babvijust Olir i It'll IIIKLU1V.1 her husband 'remarks .as there .was. business of. impor- - nose He came desired a Mormon funeralbut when offwould not allow it, but had a Gentile tance to transact concerning our excursion j t rem spoke jewels Some of them allowed their wives iciate on Monday next:: who ower the to Referred , , ,w to go to meeting and to the Relief Society, bister E. J. Stevenson said sue uau in fell eed stray come "Mothers have we went fpt 1 to ,nw Wood- but some are bitter. thinking of the remarks of President our children? ruff at the time of the Temple excursion to some done our duty in rearing only In an" them aright? instructed we Have said once wherein-hMcient'lsrael e Brigham City, cient Israel the Lord commanded the peoof destruction had gone forth. Thought grew and put away this had been literally fulfilled. V Spoke on' fell the word of ple to purify themselves, Uthing and referred to a piece in tn iiAU.MkLiiva e'i wa bom June .u'hurji-Milt'Sur-- 1 - : i 1 i 1 . r , A r11 v t 1 fXZ?&Ttf?& 11 ! , ; - - Latter-,i,t,mussumi- ng w t 1 ' . . - ' . still-smal- l ! ! ! . I O, - : J . o-i- ! house-hlViive- e d . and-alfcctiouat- e ji-- -- i ! , b- - . of-th- de-sire-d - SEMI-MONTHL- Y we-ha- d Semi-monthl- -- y ' . , .. - ,n . 1 -- 1 -- .TILL uu -- He-also 4 Krounvwo tange I I . f . : -- j on the subject of tithing, wherein it paying tithing was letter .than a ff1 V ; 