WOMAN'S "natural amagpearcd jjUuff-ver- y Vwmthe V -- iintrv ' V"' helovW.----'- . 1 1 1 .11 e ( stars and sliTfc St the picture rlliritior m 11 c! rv ti o t 1 lhe white drapery fastooued about oriraii wu3 iu graceful folds and curves; the figures each side of the organ were arid large bunches of sagebrush and powers further up tops of pine trees;rei5re- intine lhe vaIIey WCre fuFZe Jnd brUSh' a realistic idea of Utah when he unique and entered the valley. who lay there sleeping left were sheaves of On" the right and more floral offerings,, a wheat and oats and The stands were Meat bank in pure white. tied with ribbon r draped in white cashmere at each end and at the top also the posts and The jolds of of each a lovely bouquet. '"cashmete- tied by silk cords and tassels and and flowers were other appropriate draping the coffin was almost beyond description; floral tapestry white and over it was laid a remembrance of the -i- nscribed "In loving children and grandchildren of Phebe Carter Woodruff nd Mary Jackson Woodruff." Oa top of the casket a bank of carnations a floral and lilies with the word "Father," from the Relief Society was placed at the head, a large circle of cut roses from the with the motto in pure Y. M. MT. A. white blossoms, "The glory of God is intelligence," a beautiful floral harp from the choir, a basket of roses and asters from the dePrimary Association and many other associations and signs by devoted friends, bodies of citizens. The entire effect of these floral tributes was simplicity, harmony and :' purity. The services commenced at 10:30 by an j,l of this great' RELIEF SOCIETY CONFERENCE.. ;.. was tr"" proprietyto motherearth fo await the mortirng " of'' Relief .; fuc" General ' the first resurrection when " aizani Society, will beheld in the Assembly 'lalb .come... Jort drtjt&l a .ira.aW&tlt Lake CiVv Wednesday, October 5, body, eternal and imperishable. 1898, meetings commencing "at 10. a; m, It is desirable that May the grace of God soften tile aflliction and 2 p. m. as" usual. cl ana VZ.... Stake- organization of the Society 10 me; i...: iovimrt ones tDereit. in contem plating his glorious life and exalted character should be represented by the president or may they find such consolation as shall an authorized representative. All members lead them to follow his eminent example of the Society and oi the Church are most of truth and righteousness, and thus to be cordially invited.. The meetings of the conprepared to dwell with him in. the great ference 'are open .to all interested in charihereafter, throughout the endless ages of table or philanthropic work. thea-Ui- e moryody sax-reveJ.3- k-erci- heV-wilL , . ' 1 ' 1 eternity.' - ''Lives of great men all remind us' We Can make our ...lives sublime, And, departing, leave behind us, Footprints on t1 e sands of time." ,K. K.'Wki.ls, Secretary PRESIDENCY-- . . To the,Officers and Members of the Church Saints: of Jesus Christ of Latter-daA special meeting of the Council of this mornthe Apostles was held of considering ing, for the important business of a financial character, at which were present Lorenzo Snow, Franklin D. Richards, George Q. Cannon, Joseph F. Smith, Brigham Young, Francis M. Lyman, John Henry Smith, George Teasdale, Heber J. Grant, John W.Taylor, Marnner W. Merrill, Anthon ii. Lund, y Cowkand.-Atot- n . Semi-Annu- - -- 4 'Prayer. al . .' " , .... GRKAT KYKNTS TRANSPIRING. The many eventsof national interest that have crowded into this last summer make' one almost stand aghast at the very thought, ami significance ...results and completely women ac-- , men and to even overwhelming Some customed to grasp great questions. of these events are not only important to this nation but are stirring the whole world. One very unlocked for proposition is that from the Czar of Russia, an invitation to all countries that have representatives 111 St. Petersburg to take ,a,t ... the di sicn' of methods to secure peace that would be desirable to all peoples, and to check the "progressive development of armaments." Surely the burdens and horrors of war are terrible to all. The late war with Spain has awakened a wide spread sentiment in favor of universal peace and the settlement of all differences great and small by arbiIt does tration or, some pacific measures. seem strange that the 'proposal for a cessation from all hostilities and wars should come from Russia. The whole wojldlUsjiii Ill and hnrv-- ; for food results. rnrt-some quarters the fact is attributed to the influence of the good andgreat Queen Vic toria, the Czar.however, is only the nephew" of the Princess of Wales and the husband of the queen's granddaughter. This is, of course purely speculative; Other influences may be exerting themselves in favor of a peace movement, in fact a sentiment of that kind has been widely promulgated by the. International Universal Peace Society, which has been holding conferences abroad , in Europe for some years past. The many terrible oceurreuce-on-la- ud and on sea besides the war which has ocof our. cupied more especially the attention own country to the exclusion of other matters, speak to the world in unmistakable terms, of the fulfillment of prophecy in the. last dispensation. of the fulness of times. The recent storm that has been so disastrous in the destruction of life on the coast of Barbadoes and by which it is believed should ;50, 000 people are rendered homeless, awaken thought among our women at least to the importance of being prepared Jor famine. Now when the harvest has been the most bountiful for years is surely the time to secure grain and store it up against the day of need of which we have talked so much and which is certainly coming: It is well to be wise virgins and prepared for the n-contemplating-their -whe- far-ieachi- 0!: e Woodruff. During the deliberations the for necessity of appointing a trustee-in-trus- t the Church became apparent in order that its business might be properly transacted, and while thus deliberating several of the brethren expressed themselves to the effect that the present was a most opportune time to organize the First Presidency, and so unanimous was this sentiment that a motion was made to that effect and carried. Snow was then nominated and sustained as President of the Church of Saints, with the" Jesus Christ o Latter-da- h H, Young, President. S. Richards, . Rati isi ikk a W. Smith, Counselors. ORGANIZATION OF THK FIRST Matthias. F. 1). Jane y . Zina " . . - -- ; i Lor-enz- o -- .rvy twrereiW.te. c&29r"' tor of a march composed for the occasion by Prof. J.' J- - Daynes, and its effect was most solemn and impressive. The General Authorities of the Church were seated in their order in the priesthood, the opening hymn was given out by President ). Cannon, "Thou dost not weep George to weep alone." Apostle F. D. Richards n fervent and eloquent prayer. fgprM Elder Geonre D. Pyper and the choir then Snow then selected, with the approval that Thou Father "O the sang my hymn of the Council, George Q. Cannon as his dwellest." first, and Joseph F. Smith as his second President Joseph F-- . Smith was the first counselor. President Snow was then trust for the Church.' speaker,- - and Mrs. Maggie C. Hull then sustained as trustee-isang "The Beautiful City," assisted by the The Council also sustained Franklin D. Tabernacle choir. Then President Lorenzo Richards as President of the Twelve AposSnow, Apostle F. D. Richards and Presitles. These several actions by the Council dent George Q.Cannon each made remarks, . were all unanimous. after which the choir sang President WoodGeo. F. Gibbs, Secretary. : a in moves ruff's favorite hymn, "God Salt Lake City, Utah, Sep 13, 1898; mysterious way," and the closing prayer was offered by Apostle Brigham Young. ' CONFERENCE NOTICE. The funeral cortege was very long and Conferimposing, bands of music, mounted men The Sixty-nintfollow-in? and the National Guard in uniform ence of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y thp 'train nf rarriscrpS' thousands of peO- Saints will convene in the Tabernacle pie stood on either side of the way to show on Thursday morning, October 6, 1S98, at of their respect for this distinguished man 10 o'clock a. in. Officers and members the tnpn with VimVIc nnrnvered.-th- e little the Church are invited to be present.; children who loved and honored him united Lorenzo Snow, with the and young George Q. Cannon, throng of people old who followed the procession to its final JCs. F. Smith, " ."' First Presidency; resting place. The Dead March in Saul and other funeral dirges were played and the bands all discoursed sweet music by the ' business meeting of the National The cona way and at the cemetery , where great Relief Society will be held in the Woman's The course of people were already waiting. Lake Assembly Hall in this city on Salt the Harmony .Glee Club sang exquisitely October 3, at 2 p. m. A punctual selection 'Not Dead but Sleepeth," and Monday, of members is very desirable. attendance Apostle F, M.Lyman offered the dedicatory E. B. Wells, Secretary. organ rendition . And EX P 0 N K NTT between-the'nation- s n ' 