f Vt. -- . T xw ' v c; n DCCU RRF NFF a. : V- uktjrr ar 1 f. . imirtiicoad. .seanis.. nor m pacing. 4 information, until uey reached the Casas Grandes river where they WHa're called upon to record a', terrible found the horses the rascals had been riding calamity that- ban befallen our littl' colony and packing, including the large horse. in the sudden and .dread (nl denf of cur beThe officers stationed guards at every point loved .sister, Anes A. McDonald, wife of and had every house searched in and around Patriarch Alexander F. McDonald, who was the city of Casas Grainh-s- . We taniestly ruthlessly murdered by Mexicans on the pray that the officers will succeedjn captur23rd of February last. ing tlie assassins. 'and to of a settlers had gone Quite number Colouia Juarez, a distance of forty miles, to Sister Agnes was born in Glasgow, LanShe was attend the quarterly. conference. the post mistress of our colony and also arkshire, Scotland,. Sep. 3, 1S38, her parkept a small'store, and it is supposed this ents were Alexander and Janette Ajjd. She was what induced the wretches to commit emigrated to Utah in 1S64, crossed the She was a great deal of plains in ox teams and settled in Salt Like the horrible deed. the time the only occupant of the house, City. In 366 she became the wife of though her son- James lived just across the Alexander F. McDonald who is well known street and other neighbors lived near. throughout tJ tali, Arizona and Old Mexico. From the' appearance of things the She then moved to Provo,- thence to - St. wretches must have been watching her unGeorge, Utah, thence to Mesa City, Arizona, Mex til she retired, when crushing the window and t'lenc.-e- ' to C0W1, in with an ax Jheyjeaped in , jmd from the w here sh e re sided u n til ibj 3 , when she position she was found in it is supposed on came to this place where as in former places work hearing the crash she sprang" for the gun she has lied, she has (which she always kept hanging by the and gained, the good will of all who knew bed) when the villians seizing her, threw her. On January 5. 1S96, she was chosen her back uj on the bed and cruelly choked president of the Relief Society, which posiher to. death, then placed a pillow over her tion 4ie has ably filled, showing her sterlface and proceeded to go through everying worth and .qualifications to fill the thing in the house and store room, taking position. Her funeral services were held at 10 a. bolts of cloth, ready made shirts, overalls,jumpers etc., and finding the box in which m. Friday Feb. 25". The speakers were she kept the cash, it being locked they took Patriarch Henry Lunt, James Jensen, In this position she was Bishop George W. Hardy, IL L. Johnsoil it with them. and L. T. Whetten," who gave good instrucfound the next morning by her daughter inlaw who called her name repeatedly, and tion and words of eucouragment. Her rereceived no answer. She went a little way mains were then placed on a bier and borne from the house to the cellar .where' they kept by eight, brothers holding the priesthood, vegetables, then returned and called again; followed by.a procession of carriage, wagreceiving ,no answer she tried the door, it ons and horsemen.' .The sawmills, shinglemills and all kirxls yielded. On looking in she sa w everything in confusion in the entry. She then passed of labor were. suspended and a goodly numinto the bedroom where, the contents of ber of brethren and ' sisters came from Stszcr lV Himv cits.: .(nmci would be geiiexia:thpis;sfi were called upon to" render to "Turtlier of the work, was felt by the, find stimulated by--'' this' was made in. the siwhrner of 1895. During that year a solid fouudatio;; was laid, and during the following year the walls u ere put up, tne rcof cornnh:tt-and a beautnul concrete-- iioor laid in and last year the wheat was from the. old building, the gri.t mil; and other places where the' Society had been under the necessity of storing it, to the new granary, approximating one thousand bushels, where it is. safe from the ravages cf mice, rats and all 'other marauders, .as the building is absolutely vermin prooC In commemoration ot this notable eve in the history-othe Beaver Relief Society 'a complimentary picnic and social party was .'extended to all who had in any manner con tributed to the enterprise, as also those who mm th'-interes- rmn- ts . - 'sccure-theif'punisli-m- ! th-gran- ent. " 1 . . ' ; Jtez, done-a--grea- t - ' iifg - -Feb. . " . . , . the edifice, on lo- in tr:r " hall. Assembly The exercise:; commenced at r r a. m. bv singing and prayer, which was followed by extended program of speeches, recitations, songs etc., lasting until'2 p. m. when a bountiful supply of edi!)Ies was passed around to the assembled guests.- - The re-- ' freshmeits consisted of numerous courses of delicious sandwiches, pics, cake etc.. which amply testified to the culinary.' achievements of After the fea.v of good things had been disposed of program of exercises was continued untij p. m., when the benediction was pronoiLfic-eand the people dispersed with manyexpressions of appreciation at the succifsful termination ot the efforts.-ofthe proirXters; of the, social event of the season. -- - - ary, trans-ferre- ' -- pre',-sidin- m the-ctwfcs- . d . Mary F. White, Sec- 1 e- - miscuously over the floor and glass all over spect and sympathy ta our belbvt. sister the room. She then summoned up all her and for her devoted husband and children: courage and went to the bed,- where she the former being absent on ery important found the poor unfortunate woman with her business in El Paso, .Texas, was not able to feet hanging from the bed and the cover get here in: time for the funeral. Piiebe I. Aixred, (Cor.) thrownoverher body, and the pillow over To face. was her Colonia, Chihuahua, Mexico Feb. 26. say that poor Ettie paralyzed for the moment would be poorly expressing, it. She then ran. and. gave the alarm.; The most active of the villians is sup-- . A NEW GRANARY AND HALL. ' posed to be a Mexican who a shorty time ago had been working for them, for he knew Editor Exp07irJ: well the situation of the house and surA substantial and commodious granary roundings, and just where-sh- e kept everything. It seems that the deed was commited has recently been erected by the Beaver Rein the early part of the night, as they seemed: lief Society, which will enable them to conto have taken their time in ransacking'' the tinue the good work of gathering and storhouse and then rode leisurely away. ing; grain for many years to come without Brother' Peas who was hauling lumber" being cramped for storage room, (which has and was camping about three miles north of" been the case with themfor several years.) here, heard a disturbance among his animals The building is of a -- beautiful magnesium and looking up to learn the cause saw ; four rock and is about fifty feet long by twenty horsemen riding by. It being very dark he ("wide and a sixteen foot ceiling, and is di ..could not tell who they were, but supposed vided into two rooms. One portion has settlers-frowere the Colonies. In been fitted up as a granary 24 by 25 inside they the1 morning on looking for his harness he measurements, and the other portion, which, missed a very valuable large horse, but is not yet completed, is designed "to be emfound the hobbles in the road where- - they bellished with a fine porch, and will make seemed, to ha ve ben dropped. an excellent .apartment for a store? or found the in settlers of business purposes.-- : other Morning pursuit dreadiful the murderers and learning of the The 'work .of the building was projected deed Brother Peas" very naturally concluded in the early part of the year 1895, at a time that they were the thieves and he too joined when' money was scarce and the Society-wain the pursuit. They tracked the rascals by jrmcdcally without any available funds. the tracks" made by the large horse, t CanJtice in the Lord that He would open " - - - , s On Monday afternoon the 14th of Feb., we received a.call from Madame Mountford, "the noted Palestine lecturer.. She had just arrived that morning from New York. of 1S97 this talented During the early-pa- rt some three months in Utah, lady spent While there she lectured in all the principal, cities and towns of the State, and became From Utah quite. attached to the people. she went.on to California, returning to Salt Lake in July to attend the pioneer jubilee celebration. In January of this year on her. return from the Pacific coast she again visited Salt Lake City and on Sunday January 9, spoke at the afternoon services held in the Tabernacle, concluding her remarks' by bidding the people a fond farewell to her home in Jerusalem. She paid a high tribute to the Latter-daSaints and their venerable president, ' Woodruff. Being so favorably impressed with our people 'and feeling so much at home in their' midst she has taken the trouble to hunt up the missionaries on her way as she journeys' along. She expects to spend a few months , y Wil-for- d - in England before continuing her journey. Madame Mountford is a" lady of culture and refinement She commands a dignified yet easy and natural presence. In conversation she is very entertaining. Her ideas are liberal and she has a good "word for jiIIil uatioualitiesanrT peoples with whom" she comes m cont3ct"in!her"extensive" travrls-; 7 