11 ' fl""t aVSays attended, the - YouW-ylriW- nh-- meeting of sy w j-a- that u htr to justthenKht Ur,. . Saints . She realized that God had been "Be it my only w1S,lom b. r,. " "a care watch .Singing , had ever had and her ,. Vn,! , r : j rv Ti i ,ii aim uunvi, 1 ueen rerainciet 4uunrne- nau iesmem like felt never had drawing She her. over To bravely batt'e through. ot the hie and day of a saying of Sister Eliza R. Snow tli i' Snoke from TT.'m: 'I'i'tv t ti I May you have strength sutfident, "a picnic- where 'a good meeting was works'of Elder Enistus Snow. He lived at To help yintta tl;e end, each one brought something different 'thai her father's home for some time, had enIs the prayer most humbly offered, was gexxl..'. It was so with' the testiuionu; joyed the Gospel then very much as also For you, our worthy friend. Said when this buiuii:v;-woulnow. Said she dfd not care to be 'the one this afternoon. Nancy Allrkd.. not hold all who came, we woiiltj' to say she had never 'had a trial. lilo'orniirtor', Ida1 o. - Sis'ter Cottrell said she thought' we should gladly adjouhi to the Assembly hall. for two weeks. k Adjourned of trials when we were permitted not SOCIETY ENTERTAINMEXT RKEIEF "Satan's empire long has ilourisKd." to come here and attend these meetings and Benediction by Dr. E. S. iiarney.' the sweet spirit which was here. Ox Feb. 22 an entertainment was given enjoy She had been reading about, some of the in the Sth ward under the auspices of the ancient Minutes of the. "Ladies'" ! martyrs who had been so cruelly Relief .Society in honor of the president, for their religion," and could not meeting heli' in the 14th ward Assembb. Catharine K. Palmer, to which all the aduU persecuted help thinking what a blessed people we' hall Saturday, March 5, i;oS, Preside:Thei members of the ward were invited. M. I, Home presiding. Singing 'Jesus th' were that ve could enjoy our religion to was an "excellent .program under the direc. Giver." Prayer by Sister Maria W. extent ;vn did; bore a strong testimony. 'The Bishop theSister tion of J. M. Chamberlain. Barrow .said there was rjot a day Singing "Where the voice of and his counselors were present, also .severheard." Minutes of the previ';;:. when she did not thank God for the blessal who were once members of ' the ward. ings she enjoyed and wondered how any meeting were read and accepted. Refreshments were served and a very rs-- 4. i Presiden t Homereq nested- - tlu-si- it sl J2uuldj ;ouecn I i mew as spe u t. abltf joy rh nrnnhecies oi uotd lioxnore united in their votes, she would like of the Drochets i j Arry A. Piggott, Sec. '! being so rapidly fulfilled. Prayed the Lord to see every hand raised when a vote .w to bless our aged sisters, that they might be taken. poke strongly on fault rinding. MEETING. LADIES spared to us for many years yet to instruct ,j especially with our brethren and the arithor-and encourage us. .fities, said the Lord was not pleased with us Sister Rawlings said she had been very wheu this was the case and urged the sisMint;tks of the Ladies meeting held in the 14th w?ard Assembly ill but was healed by the. power of faith, for ters to unite their forces to quell r.his. r that there was nothing would give 'us the-hall Saturday. Feb. 19, 1S9S, President. M. which she wT?s very grateful. A sister "to I. Home presiding. Sir.ging "O say what congregation also bore her testimony joy. that Knowing we had served the Lord would, and that ther would oe a til ice in is truth." Prayer by Counselor E. Webb. the power of healing. clear ourour Father's kingdom for us." Fault End Sister Barnes felt chankful for Singing "How will' the Saints rejoice to tell." Minutes of the previous meeting aged sisters, Sister Home and others, who ing was not serving the Lord, neither comfort to us. 'it bring us peace- - or had been such a blessing-anit wa the read ani accented. President Home quoted the saying of the Spoke of her native country Scotland, said humble and the meek who had the Sr.;r:t Savior that "If ye are not one ye are not she loved it, yet she was glad to leavee it to of. the Lord. She- regretted- that some of She thought the baints should all' come to. Zion. Singing "The Spirit of God our young people were married outside the mine." .. be'ufiited in everything they attempt to do like a fire' is burning." Temple. Knew this was a day of d a had had felt we as .well as warning, 'spoke "stronglv or. Sister Annie and said we all had a portion of the Spirit Hyde' teslibeautiful of God, that we brought it with us when treat in listening to the signs of the times. we of knew monies the and it Sister Holling knew by."them:nutes tliat was this that we left the Lord's presence; sisters,, were,j "this. wewith She do must have had a hnttfftt thought any good thing and it strengthened by prompted us to hef-wc was. t'treLDrd u.sed of the to h it dtr r?r,V'fr-- 'wit time, and telt the older she grew the stron- -Spirit ' grxd or not. Said it took bravery to be a beins: poured out upon the sisters,- and al- - er was her desire to serve the Lord. Latter-daDr. E. S. Barney said she had been, Saint for we h.d much to over- Juded to the "signs of the times, felt there r a II is eventful The time before us. was we commandin when but very come, years kept learning obedience, that if we be should said in careful what on mothers either heaven or lived we no ments they good thing right were entitled to the promptearth would be witheld from us. She felt before their children, that their faith ings of the Holy Spirit. Asked how many had had their Patriarchal blessings and we were indeed a blessed people. In a little 'might hot be weakened but strengthened. company recently where President Woodruff Prayed that we might not make much of urge,d those who did not have them to get was present she "heard him say that we our trials but put our trust in God. . them; said that they would be a source of Latter-daDr. E. S. Barney said she thought, we comfort.' 6pokeonthe should strive to do the works of signs of the times, fall should learn to sift ourselves and throw out also on young people being married right. by the waySaints, that we would not side. A sister from Cache Valley said she felt Spoke on humility and the Urged those present to do those the chaff. forof the. times. to talked the Said Saints. we must not works and very plainly signs impressed to bear her testimony. She was O. God He or said she it felt Annie our would Sister Brpwn forget us. When get glad to see Sister Zina D. H.- - Young here, was necessary to d6 the works of God; and we get discouraged just throw off the humor nd felt to say God bless her. Said many and rest and then with the help of the Lord times had she knew we should feel like brothers and sisput her hands upon her'heaS ' ters to one another. The Gospel .was .every-- , we would go on and blessed her, also had heard her speak in ' a and bore Silver Sister felt said she to that her, strong testimony Mary glad thing "tongues many times. , she was a Latter dav Saint.and she was also felt that this was all she lived for. Singing "You are called to labor." Sis- Sister Lydja D. Alder referred to the ter- glad and proud that we had a sister like ter Margaret P. Young said she nevp.r re- rible things happening in ' the world of Sister Home to help and advise us. Said membered of doubting the truth of the Goswhicfi we read, also of the sign's of .the times. .we never knew her to tell us anything that pel, She had alwavs been r tpir'npr in Xh'e could not we ourselves She felt help asking was, not jTue, and spoke on. JWiefLSocietvandov her labor j -j be stand we able to Will the the question wisdom, knew there' was peace for those Sister Mary A.Hardy felt thankful for the test ?" We could only trust in God when who practiced it.women whom we had in our midst, good Sister Hannah Wright thought it was Sisters we were in trouble it was then He was the Young and Home, tc comfort and nearest to us. Spoke of the condition of the good to devote a little of our time to meetadvise us. - We knew" the ' Lord' was not world today, said that people scarcely had ings, said the more time we gave to the pleased with us when we indulged in faultany faith in one another and very little in Lord the better it was for ns, there was no finding and evil speaking against the Lord's God; they feared greatly something but did enjoyment Hie serving the Lord. She had anointed. , heard, Brother Woodruff say, "How very uQt know what; knew this wTas one of the President Zina D. H. Young said that few of the millions that are in the world while signs of the times. around on the faces of her Sister Carlhurst bore her testimony to haveembraced the Gospel and how few of sisters looking she was reminded of the Savior's the truth of tithing, and told tow by paythe Saints are really living their religion." that those words, who feared the Lord met She felt pleased and gratetul,to.see so many often ing her tithing she was greatly blest. and spoke-onto another, Sister Margaret P. Young said she en- - here.' Said' sometimes she wished thf rinc . .. . a Ana together ineyiwm temme when I come to joyed these meetings and the sweet spirit s - il Go i'V; i ';;....:. . came-i- . , ; . J T -- . t- - i , - ' A KA li-k- - e ' d . . . Sin-jir- . sp-a- . Semi-mont'i- -- . - tVil-cox- frien-ship'- s 1 I ;- SEMI-MONTHL- i Y ! - Semi-monthl- . y S-i- M in-tli- -- ' - ,1 pL-asur- j -- - i - - j , j uvht 'rr - Hstrr-Hrjrne-t- hat - y fifty-fou- ' y ' . v again-refreshed.- . ' '' - . 'tifr.srdDU . - . ; " e . Aj-.- -j -- ' . astlMrik3)f"it: . : 