WUM7YN S EXPON fcM- - r her with the love of agister, drawn towards calling god bless her in her noble ' worjaU;-J I have a It was"! so that the president took me warmly by Spirit suggested in therr labors. url vuiv Tuteie:itiiig to :x..r.iir.u. thus tkc iio tHe.baniUixluH ! i -- ;iunu gmyvs ub nU RiaThe r tonch.s' of the Chureli aie of Very lecent origin and in great con trast t" the 'old, well a :ab;: died organiza tions which I h u e amended in niy life. At Pueblo AposthTay r joined Also or- wo held ihtee pubiitv m- clings. ? us-an- Vt.T.rs froi:i.; jr,Tr:fr,i1 o! CI - tlr- vsa.'. l i;e- i kji Hun. "Frank , J. Cannonand wife, for i.fr Teat kimlve- - jj;u consiaeTation lowar me uhireat Washington. I shall never for.eet it and.my soin is lull oi biessin- - for iliem and all theirs, that (jod will n hem for their manifestations of lou at; el .'"' t i . . the and and : :il 'i , - . MotHI'R'S COXGRKSS. Dear Sister Wells: -e '. Am.-rica- u-s- " d 1 u-'- - on t dit I- - . . -- j ' i -- v i : Cityslating that they are organizing a tlvtlr - -- -. Hannah 'forgot to say that I Sokkn.s, have had a came nome- - a io.iu iupmij iou 0f i n- - couragenf?nt asking also for.jnfonnati'.:, ;n :ny line of work, and it finishes with the "Vou must be with us again." w ids: the Hast I alsi the privilege of" visiting Chicago While (n my soj'unn-i- had for a and-respe- ' : ' s as re-sid- es Mothers' Congress, sa" you will be right in- it when you get home." I thanked her very heartily lor her kind feeling and the warm-hearteway she had treated me, and was silent for the balance. When it. was found that it was not possible to hold that special conference, I obligated myself by promise to many delegates to. send them after I returned all the information I could in writing concerning my I have now done so, in as work. much as " I have sent to eleven- states m America long, long letters of explanations, accom panied by my little book "What- Women Should Know." I have done it on the .three were also regular attendants. missionary plan, thankful if I can in this II. S. .,' way be instrumental in the hands of God to brinjr some '.hht to t?mP uus t 1311 u;.u.... ..v."- The Adams Express company has aniiavc. it. nounced that it will carry packages of goods I say in hoimr of that blessed woman, the from relatives to the soldiers in any of the U president of the N,!micamps in the South, or to the .naval forTheodore W. Birnev, that she is a vm warding points, at 25 per cent 'below the of .race, luimility airl ' sym plica ty One is usual express rates, d, . .s-- -- nt pleasant impression. Our Kldeis 'laboring there are types of intelligent men full ot ambi'icii and energy, but the most beautiful ornamentation I found iu these was the unmistakable stamp of It was so gratifying to me to humility. silt.m!y.4;oiicc,'the interest, love, grace which these dear brethren manifested toward their .little flock when they I should per 'met to worship. Ihe Lord. haps not say little flock, for. I think the average attendance on Sundays. was fiftv or sixty, and I think that is very good when we consider that it is a new mission, so to speak. They have a beautiful hall where they-hol- d their meetings which would do honor to any society be they ever so aristo- cratic, but the best of it was that they had the most perfect order and cleanliness mani- fest, on all occasions. I attended several of the meetings of the 4iute-kr- ah of the Relief iSodctysTknV there, held in private houses among the sisters who belong to the Societv. It num-herabout fourteen members, I believe, who as a rule are all. present except in case of sickness. Their president, a very esti- mable woman, is a Sister Smith who a fe w a resident of Nephi here in years "back-wUtah, but o;i account of circumstances at 'present in Chicago. She is well qualified .for the'position she occupies, inand telligent, modest and has the respect of those who preside iu the branch. Their secretary, Sister Kricksen, is a very .efficient secretary, punctual and orderly, and in short it was a group of sisters in whose 'company I enjoyed myself Their methods of meeting very much. were of the same order that we have here.-ahome with two exceptions (and these ex-ceptions were very pleasant features) namely, the members" were, regular attendants and of the Llders of the mission two. or . d f ll- . . : ttlT -- ! . t1 dear-brethre- . 1 the-cre- me with the wor:: "This is iu appreciaI am' tion of what vou -- aid yesterday. delegate from Arkansas." . I would not have you think that I am speaking of these things in' a boasting spirit, oh no, far from it but it is in honor of the noble women, and with the fulness of my soul's gratitude to my Heavenly Father. I have no honor for ivself, it is all His. ' It was so intensely desired that. I should have held a special conference, they called it, iu my line of w(;rk, and it was tried-harevery day during the week to get that brought about by ill those who were so enthusiastic the president as much as any one but the program was so extensive and time so very crowded, thnt it was not pos ible to get the time for it, and when I said oodbye the beloved president said warmly tome: "T am so si rry we 'could not get to hold that conference, but you'must be with us aain,- - we must hear-- more from -you." And she added, 'M am so glad we have just received a telegram today from Salt Lake l p'lVa-.sa- - i I .. uitur t ! i . 1 d-s- , 4,1 period of live weeks. It was a very had there iirmauy ways, experience but what I especially wish to refer to there '"is the organization, or branch of our Church organization there. I did not expect to find such a llouhshing ' little branch there 'as Y diil. so I received very unexpectedly a 'very o festivities of the are over, byth in "Mothcis oi national capacity and state as far as our own ' dear Uta'h coe.eincd and I have been privileged to le .in active participant in the one and a 'silent ok-e- vet in the other I feel impres-.eto write a i w wols of fr tuo.-.c-, who may be interested in the 'move to. advance moiherhood. As far as our Utah Congios of Mothers is concerned. I was a silent observer and of iufoimed enough to .express . course, "am niy viuwis; liutiit the Xau aial Congress of Mothers I Hid" tkc h'.nor heing an active participant, and as sti'.h can speak facts. The only conclusion 1 can come to;' according .to my silent obset vafions) is that too few of our Utah people ;re ac'iiainted with the effort that lias been made here in regard to educating women for. motherhood. In general terms' this manner of education has been in operation here in I tall from the beits existence, through the Relief ginning-of Society and later the Young Ladies Association, but later still a special work for motherhood has been in the education-oopettttttrti,t and of n iiielt-- I g;ivejny4f It is now of leing the originator,' between nine and ten years since I started this special work here in Utah for the sole purpose of better qualifying women for motherhood, and one of- the consequences was that was invited to attend the National Congress oh Mothers, at Washington, I). C, this spiiug as. delegate to represent my .work. I went there to represent about fifteen hundred women ot Utah and bring their greeting to the Congress. About a year ago blanks were sent to me from headquarters at Washington, which would unquestionably give an understanding of the nature of my work. In brief, I will say. thut I went to that blessed Congiess at .Washington, and the privileges I enjoyed, the honor and respect conferred upon me was something "that I never dreamed would ever be my lot. I. -- went with comfort and hope iu jjiy soul, having been S"t apart, for the mission and thej.)lessings promised were literally ful- tilled; The first day of Congress I gave It Was my report like the other delegate:' listened to with great interest which was proven from the enthusiasm manifested through applause. It wvs the only Work! to. mi a pi us uauire reporu ci aim seeme-vacant place. J gave my. report verbally, which was- very mueli appealed, so much Now that the Cong own i raost beautiful letter fpmi the president, Jie National Congress of Mothers siixe i ATI'S. I p. S. v .the will tt;eVue ,,lM:.., this important asMmiblage of rn. .11 ii.f. t in'!! ii '.i tuat are so dear to me. i i t ..t. .,. tii trite I went ad;,:mm;i;t nf the hum m race. fkaven-Ithere tasting and ptaying, and my I had no l;a'tlii;r b!e- - 'd. me, I know. I Knew n. pa pel I fu'vi' o my sul'ject as ;w as appreciated by the audience I kn w mamlestea. .lter t!ie liiiii the enlliu-- : o- ivrwtt-M. iicies were a,i.... the uheis) of cmigr.JtiilaTilt Up to i::e aecMiion, asking for interviews tlou and One oi tile" me with me at the r am go ladv.fiom.Xe .v Y rk wrote me I ing right heme ar.d organize such v. oik. would give anything .if I omld get you .start us out with wmr al'.ng with m.-tcounsel and ad i.e. I'kase let me have an interview with ; mi after this meeting''." from the phtfnr n and When I came the meeting was el'sed it seemed th.it evenone w.mte! to shake. in v hand and be intro duced to "the- delegate from Utah," and to tell me who they were. The next, morning ing when I came and took my seat a beautiful bouquet of il vers was handed over to lovingly, ( i I! . ndfirdsyftoat thcb. 'i-f- Sf'SA VUTNG f.HH - "V1 f'wciit to tiic meeting with my soul lull to gratiti; k- - that I woiild be privileged wo present d ;ani'.nl the Relief S c:eiN We have great iea son W rejoice in' great blessing niel.d out to the Saints lor the rapid 'sp'itad and increase of I tm-v- t work ol God 'you yourself visit these faithful some day be af.'.e io earnest s"isters of t lie Colorado mission. . !. - was m-- . ct . - 