WOMAN'S - EXPONENT..t Bif,stijl niy heart ! ye fluttering cease, And calmly wait, the dawn, of peace ! Rude winds have roughly swept thy st ings In minor chords it wailing sings. "Our hearts d ire for thee more than we can OVATION TO re WK.I.LS. Long lif ' e i Moaning it falls on the listening ear; Floats high then low o'er the water drear; But clearer it sounds when the wind's aU.1 roar Blows the music, near from the far off.-hor- e. Arise my soul and spread thy weary wings!. For hope, a lu laby sweetly sings; Like a light, it beckon:; o'er the tormy sea, ..... And whispers so sofdy 'Come to m;-- , come to me. 1 If all days were sunny, the .sunsets all fair, Then never another's woe would we share; If heartaches an crosses we'never had borne, Had never our bosoms been pierced with a thorn, Then never the love that the M ister his given, Would grow in our lives to draw .u to heaven; If never a wandeer far o'er the sea's foam, Then never we'd know of the pleasures of home.. -- "Come to me,come to me"is sti whispered low O cling to thy ord though many tears flow; Still hoping ar d striving whatever betide, Till the fair shore is reached where tH,e angels abide., 1 I . Lvdia Aldek. D. j an KAKElVfcLL TO. THE F. of Zion we bid thee adieu, ; calling for men brave and true) l the and show them the Go-pe- .- . JReyea'ed by the Father in this .- ........ Latter-day- Never were the finer instincts' Of true poetic natures mure richly feasted "than on the""evening of February 2( 1S9S, when an ovation was gi veil to .Sister lvmmeline B. Wells in honor of the publication of her poetical .vritings, "Musings and Memories." Over a hundred ladies all friends, "tried, and true,"" of the gifted-lady- , met at the residence of Dr Ellis R. Shipp, 75 Center St., After cordial greetings and Lvngratu- j'lations the hostess was given the honor of chairman. The program w:t composed al most entirely from Mrs, Well poems and opened with the Ladies .singing "Our Mountain Home so Dear." Our veteran Mother in Israel, Sister M. Isabella Home, then drew us near, to the throne of God with sacred invocation. The chairman then'called the name o'f.each lady, who responded with a" "sentiment from the little book whose birth .wt were celebrating. Miss Olea Shipp sang "True Friendship" in her sweet contralto, after which Mrs. Lydia I). Alder gave an elaborate and entertaining review of the book, which was listened to with enrapt attention. Mrs, Maggie Haslet t and Mrs. Pearl Fernstrom, nee Russell, sang in their sweetest voices and Miss Ellis R. Shipp read 'The Happy Maiden." How often have we felt our hearts thrilled by childrens' voices singing "Little Children Love the Savior," but never did the w ords sound sweeter than at this time when it. was sung by ten little girls in white dresses, white flowers in their hair and The senticreamy roses in their hands. ment of loving, gratitude of thousands of childish hearts was expressed when they . . FaitHheiMributeroftmrnhtitttthor-j-- CHORUS. . true joy and an eternal I appiness.'r . R. H. P. At the cloe ot the literary exercises all repaired dining room to partake of delicious refreshments amid the cheerful hum of voices, the'ierfume of fragrant dowers and sweet strains of music floating through the rooms, enlivening the hours and exhilarating the soul. Tiue iftx.tr y is the divine music of the inner soul To feel its instinctive nower. to 'listen to' its silent whisperings, and more than all, to be able to expre-sits euphoni-oiu- s eloijuence is to be wafted, (so to speak) from our materialistic beings into the realms of the infinite. Those who peruse "Musings and Memories""must surely feel tlr.s mental exaltation. we learn frcjn How many useful-lessothese truthful touches of nature "The Spirit of Consolation," Sorrow and Syju-- . pathy," "Eaith and Fidelity," the rambles through woodland and glen, and in "The Dear OKI Gaid-n,- " the voice from the. mountain and the plaintive, weird music of the sea all reach the inmost soul and lure us back to heaven. The grandest thoughts of human souls are thus; immortalized and live again within the heart of ages yet unborn. And methinks in that blest home where Father dwells, angelic hearts will sing these songs of praisethese gems of inspiration that come to mortals here be- low"as beams of heavenly light from His exalted presence. e to-th- s ns j lausR. Snii'i . . THE CEEOKAN. i Ox 1 ue.sday afternoon the Cleofan enjoysweet .and. kisses in turn Jap, receiving ed u. topicyon the Fairy Queen, by Mrs. smiles through dewy tears, The Epithalamium Clara M. Clawson. ' The name of Dr. R. was then Pratt B., Mrs.' was given' by. Mary J. Clawson. Spen"called, who in a few well chosen words pre- - cer as ar Philosophic Poet, by Mrs. Margie sented to Mrs. Wells in behalf of many D. Jennings. All were given in .a clear friends, a beautiful book which was a poem .and concise manner. The club adjourned in itself it being unique in that it was en- - for one week. tirely original, each page representing inMarch 1, 1898. dividual work, of nearly a hundred ladies. On Tuesday afternoon the Cleofan enfrom Richard IIL Mrs. E. B. Wells: Your book of poems, joyed character-reading- s beautia is now for a long looked treasure, by Mrs. Susie I). R. Wells, Mrs. Annie ; ful tangible fact and its perusal gives us Young, Mrs. Margie D. Jennings and Mrs; Mrs. Susie D. R. sweet pleasure, prolit and consolation. Clara M. Clawson. It is a shining leaf in your- - "laurel Wells gave the story of the play in a most wreath" of lame with which you stand interesting manner. The club adjourned: annion your seventieth birthday for one week. March 8, 1S98. versary. the with Your sheaf of years, bound On Tuesday afternoon the Cleofan engolden cord of love, sympathy and helpfulMiss M. J. Iivans'x ness towards your many friends is fraught joyed a discussion of faction in the with histories both sweet and sad, but paper "The school a ;moral Susie D. R. Wells. borne with; such .fortitude, energy arid full riation,"' by Mrs. on the fruition of noble works as is encompassed Miss. May gave a charming' talk,the pubKindergarten system. . Repoitsfor rarely in the hves of mortals. Kmeline Miss lic sctiools were given by May your remaining days be less arduWells, Miss'Kate WjIIs, Mrs. Evelyn Y. ous but even more full of desires accomDavis and Mrs. Blanche P, Lee. The club plished; and .may the sun of. peace, and rned for one vveekt v; y- y as adjou ever fame and brighter grow prosperity March 15, 189.8. the sunset of you wend your way toward V - ' Clara T. Felt, Cor. Sec. pro tan. life.' This book of flowers and. sentiments ' which I have the honor to present to you, amendment a submit to bill suffrage The reflects in every, leaf the love and affection Feb. 15, in the Upper House and taste of an individual friend. May it in was defeated of the To vva Assembly, 50 t0 47- days to come be a sweet reminder of our j ! : ' Farewell to thee, farewell to tee, We sadly, yet proudly say farewell to thee. j ! So noble thy mission, thy calling divine, The powers and blessings of heaven are thine,. To wield for His glory and in His great name. Perform mighty wonders and Israel redeem. '. CHORUS j j j . : Though oft we shall miss thee we bid thee God speed, And pray that the nation thy message may heed, May angels go with thee thy footsteps to guide, Until thou returnest with us to abide. t en-crown- . cuoRns. ' ed -- If sometimes thy pathway is lonely and drear, iMay fair visions of home like sunshine appear, Though sinner pursue thee and scoffers de ide, Remember we love thee what e'er may betide. .. R.-M.F- . ' of Italy has made execution of a herself responsible for plan to build an observatory at the summit of Monte Rosa, at a height of 4,560 metres. The work on it has already been begun. The queen, who, as is well known,, is an enthusiastic mountaineer, is in the habit of spending several weeks each year at the summit of Monte Rosav The observatory will be higher-thathat on Mount Blanc, ()UEEN - ' : . Margherita the-- , . n and the highest in Europe. ybe" about $50,000. - The cost will -- r p y-rT-r- . -- . -j " ; , e.x- ! -- Song written in honor of Brother Ezra Stevenhis farewell party. - J;.MMI-UNK,!'.- . ! -- way, darken aii jiour. MEMORIES The sea o( life U ragi- g, wild surges roll Dark sorrow wave engulfs my oul, But softly borne o'tr the water's foam Hear-thwistful sigh " Tis not thy home." - son and sung at Thou blest son The nations are To bring them ' H - " 1 - , -- h- - -- . 