1 IV , - : r,aie JWdred of .hex; Jj&u&l finally mfcls: be tiiax a- -, u':iy and' ,sor:gsbare ever beautiful and bonny; "Annie Laurie" was ever and always W ill be a favorite,' 'It was a love.poein addressed by William D allas to the eldest daughter, of Sir Rube it Lain ie of "Max-- elfm; but ol unfortunately' this sweet poOn so lull Melicate flattery lail' d to touch Miss Annie's HorhmdeM had the same aw'to a sone: called 4,Ynker Ihulel," the French claim it as, an. old vintage 'soil;, the .Hungarians as a as the ancient native air, the music t f the native sword dance. In June t;55", the regimental surgeon under thought he'd play a joke' on the ragged, tattered Continentals, Jjy palming off this song. of the time ot Cromwell, on the colonial soldiers as the latest martial music; the tune at once caught the popular fancy; but later the' tables were turned ami the joke was on the other side, when the Couti ncutal-banatf played 'Yankee Doodle siirLord Cornwall!- marched out, after lendcnug his army, Ins sword and 'English colonies todhe "Yankees." I ti 79S when' Congress in session at Philadelphia was debating what atliiulo t aiime in the struggle between France and England, party feeling was intense and the heat with cnthuW-tivery air was at w;hite " ' A p ttf lot ism" youngmaii ".' who wasa" singei at "the Theatre in Philadelphia came; 'to his" ft lend Joseph I lopkin.son and begged him to write a patriotic song adapted to the, then, very popular music of the "President's March," saying he knew it would save the day. The following afternoon the song "Hail Columbia" was ready and was ar-- . ranged by. a member of the orchestra to the ' nunc known thru as the President's March." It was duly and well advertised, the house was packed and the song was enIt has cored amid the wildest'en'.husiasni. since been adopted by common consent as, the national anthem of America. 1 Bi.-.caya- ns Brad-doc- . w k - heart, -1 .Mie'htur beeam- Mrs. Fergns-.viThe music to which it .is now sung is the Scottl 'composition of Lady wrute only the second and Robert third, stanzas of "Auid 'Lang, yr.v," thutigh heTetoucheddlKm all, .there w'ere The 'air to which it three earlier .veridoiH. is sung. is air old LowJaral mindy, and was by Mr. George Tnompon. Id ' Comoi'- thro' tlir R.se" is aimiher S.vteh soig retouchtd b Pnrns; il 'e! is to the fof.!ing of the little nver loo, vh-i- i it to e.:ct a toll of the custom of met'ou !ie slep- kiss J rt: 111 the lasses f .rM?w initr in rrrmsiti" over.- For fiitv ears the' authoWp cf "Oid Robin Grav"wasa secret Ihnittd to the fa ir.il y ihe one who wrote" it. Lady Anna Lu d'y, she wrote ballads to wile away we.ry and lonely hours. Robin was. a herdsman on ' her lather's-estate"Kory:Q'; Moreil was written by Samuel Lover as a, protest against the coarseness ot the ordinary Irish song, full of hurra's and whack fol de rois.' At a social gathering preyed his disgust and Was asked taunt"Rory ingly if lie could do better. the taunt. an O'More" was the sw;er..to cf soegs, old Pe:hap: in the w and new, none is more popular than that Among the war songs none U a greater favorite than'' Marching Through Georgia. " sweet and plaintive air "Robin Adair." Robin in v, hose honor the words It is often culled, and appropriately I think? The-reaIt was were written, was a native of County Wick-low- , the "American .Marseillaise." Ireland, and a descendant of the Des written, in 186.5. by Henry C. Work, of Chicago, a printer and remarkable song moud Fitz Gcialds, the mighty Geraldirk-sHis father was made a Knight Baronet after writer- he often composed his songs at the W hile the battle of Bone"l Rbiu or case as he set up type; and it he had access Rol:ert) was. to music type, the music also, the piece r medicine in Dublin " stndvinn rot in some scrape and having litlle-- f seldom needing more than one or two alterations. money and few friends, he thought the best. "Marching- Through Georgia' was written thus. way out of it was to go away; so he set out Girl I Behind foot for London. The roads were in a 011 Left Without doubt; "The Me" is of Irish origin. Neither author nor terrible condition and he had not gore far date are certain but it is supposed to have, when he came upon a. carriage which, had been overturned. The owner and occupant It is the tune playbeen written in 1758. r ed by every weighing anchor, of the vehicle, a fashionable young lady, and regiments leaving a towit where they was slightly hurt and greatly alarmed. have been stationed always give this gaL Adair at once offered his services, attended lant parting to the ladies. It is said to be the ladyTs hurt, helped to right the'earriage the most popular air among all soldiers and and was invited by the lady to take a seat sailors, init, as her protector. - Arriving in L But the marching song of the Nation is don she presented him with a fee of a hun- "John Brown's Body," and it has a pecu- dred guineas and invited him to come after liar history. When in 1859 John Brown to the house.. Robin Adair was wise and wasriiauged in CharUstown, Virginia, the energetic; he studied assiduously and soon with' the assistance of his patroness acquired bovs ."ot , Boston paraded the streets sing ing a monotonous chant, the burden of a good practice at the best end of town He as frequently at dances given by ths which was "Go tell John Anderson John Brown's dead." A year or so later Thane uung lauy anu otiiers anuj one nignt at a Miller heard the melody of "John Brown's party found that his partner was the second daughter of the Earl of Albermarle," Lady Body" in a colored chinch in Charleston, South Caroliuaaricr introduced it at a Y. Caroline Keppel. It was a case of mutual M. C. Association Convention at Albany, love at first sight. Her kinsfolk were New York. James E.; Greenwich, an stupitled with amazement and she Was organist of .Charleston Mass., fitted this soon sent abroad to be cured of her follv, air to. the first stanza of the present song. but without avail, and She fell very ill. It became a popular favorite and Charles S. About 1750 when at Bath for her health, Walter she wrote the verses now so.' popular and. Hall wrote additional verses. Kittedge was drafted into the army in. adapted them to the ah of "Eileen Aroon,1 ' wdiich doubtless Robin had often ' sung to &fizand-while pre front he wrote the words and in usic in a fewr her. At last the separation from AdniranH Hundreds.of thousands of copies f .'the ihiportumties of her relatives caused minutes. : become so. ill that the doctors des- of this song have been sold. j'-h- . Ihi-ru- s -- d . " - d se-k'ci:-- ( - 1 tbe-hd- ".Shortly alter, their marnage Adair cf Militar appointed Inspector .H':sj)itals, and later made Surgeo!i Genera:. Kings' Sergeant and vSurgeon of Chel.Ti Good fortune did not. spoil him I ispital. ,: and he worked hard at his profession. so Mim.,' trer.ted the Duke of Git makehim fully that tlie king offered to -Rirouet, Init he deciineil the honor. Ado;,. and admired by all who knew him he ht. died lameu'.: j to the age of eigh'ty an Lacy Caroline died rath- -; 'ni(ist..dee)ly. early and her husband, except, when b. to put on a con:; liged on state occo-iocostume'; wore mourning for his love till !u 5nir'(l wln. Iltr J" died in ,.i";v Their only son, the ttimil; vaAilt. ' Rieht Hon. Sir RoUrt Adair, had a Or.' hant career i'.s a onumaiiii aim ei.eu ' Ge-ter- - n j ! t;-- "The Lat R'ife (f Summer" one of .v.-y- -- " -b x 1 m , e l . - . ... ! 1 "Nancy Lee," of world wide popularity ; I ! : 1 . . -i- -- . 1t y". ' i j , T who-receive- man-of-wa- . 1 , . who-.wrot- - om-ltal- was aim .of-Irelan- ' hele-raug- vmgs. h . he-e- Civorite peerlej-Tatti's the most popular of Thomas Moore's Iri-meloiies. I he air; which" is a very old one, ;' formerly kuqw.11 as the. "Groves of Blarney is found in the collection of the music two hundred years old. "Home Sweet Home," written by J. .ha Howard Payne an American and a hem- it 'exile" and wanderer; brought the prima donya who first sung it a rich husband, the publisher of the song ten thousand dIn lars and the author fame only. Charles Kemble bought from Payne a mini-'ber ol plays and among them one entitioi In exdui.e "Ciarh the Maid of Milan." poverty in an attic in Paris, Payne reeeivui .the order to change the play into an t peia; lie did so an wrote for it this song, which was an instant success. ""' "Listen to the Mocking Bird" was Written for an old colored man named IHek Milburn, who was blind and who used t wander about the streets of PhiladcbprnTwhistling like a mccking bird. It at , once , caught the public ear and paid its puDiisn--1 ne ers one iiunareu,'.1tnousand uonars. autlior was Septimus Winner under his pen name of Alice Hawthorne. "Rock Me to Sleep Mother" was anotli ei song which brought little to its author five dollars for the pcem. Published by the Saturday Evening Pot brought the publishers many thousand dollars and was claimed by a dozen persons, but the real writer w;as Klizabeth Aktrs The song was written hi (now Allen.) ; 4 ":. . s c 1 al t was the work of an hour, words and music, Frederick AYeatherly while waiting for a dilatory pupil wrote the song,; words and music. Its popularity was dimmed for. a time from the fact that the sailors of thi "Prineess Alice" were singing the song when the ship went down. "Then You'll Remember Me" by Rolfe, was Written as a solo .in the ."Bohemian Girl," first presented in 1844. Mrs. Emma Willard, an American teach-- , er and author, while on a ship coming from Europe wrote "Rocked in the Cradle of the Deep." The air to which it is now sung vvas composed by Joseph P. Knight, an Englishman. 4-Of the songs which reach the heart none are more popular than 'Ben Bolt" .revived by Du .Maurier in his novel entitled "Trilby," Dr.' Thomas Dunn English wrote the song for. the Wa' York U?iion at the ; : 