.yT , ry rr; - I V V The Ballot in the Hands Vol. 26. . , of the Women 0 Frances E Willard. Washington Convention. A. J. The Woman's Signal. U W. P. C.r-Ann Lambert. Appreciation Da iel Tyler. Dillwonh Bringhurst. The Cleofan -- Clara T. y Felt. Ladies' Meetirg Zina II Memoriam. R. In S Reports. Some of Bui, the Sects of the First Century F. II. L Address. Editorial: The Present Indications Eighty Year or More. Social and Delightful. An Interesting Party, Editorial Notes. M. Semi-monthl- My Silent Prayer N. Washington's Thoughts of Expectancy Hvacinth- Fac'efthe Future, gleam, Till Right .ha1I be Might in the counsels of .duty, And the ser.ice of man be life's gltfry supreme. Not with id nor with gems, ' But with everrens vtrna', And the flags that the 'nations in brotherhood " Fpan, Crown, drown him the chief of the heroes eternal, Whose honor was gai ed by his service to man ! ' - . O Spirit of I iberty, sweet .we thy number! The winds to thy banners th;ir tributes shall ! know4ts sweet and mellow ring, In sleepless nights, and happier days When e'er its inspiration swells, tel s The low bowed head, the I long its notes to hear, When discontent its shadow flings; Then time to think, to pray sincere, 'Brings back my song whose echo rings; Then darkness flees and clouds sweep by, d I bask beneath a sky !t. , I Hezkkiah Buttf.rwortjc. ! . wo-"iuan- .' e , The thirtieth annual convention 'of the FRANCES K. WILLARD. s Miss Frances K. Wii.lard who died Feb. 19, 1S98, was the greatest TemperShe had wonderance leader of the age. ful powerin many directions which eminent-ly-Trtnlifierreror- Glad victory gives to weary souls; A foretaste ti of bliss which thri U, Past golden gates and jasper wallsr All things together work for good, . If Father's love is understood 'Tis proved beyond, jf unknown here, Or een by faith, a glimpse at best My silent song, my heart shall cheer, While here I wait my promised rest! To sin? aloud, that same glad song 'Mid His redeemed, triumphant throng! ! - N. WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY. Arise .tis the day of our Washington's glory, The garlands uplift for our liberties won; Forever let Time tell the patriot's story, Whose sword swept for Freedom the fields o- Not with gold nor with gems, But with evergreens vernal, And the banners of stars that the continent span Crown, crown we the chief of the heroes eter. a', Who lifted his sword for the birthright of man -He gave us a nation; to make it immortal, He laid down for Freedom the sword that he ( - th drew, And his faith leads us on through the uplifting portal Of the glories of peace and our destines new. : Not with gold, nor with gems, -.. But with evergreens vernal, ' And the flags that the nations of liberty span, heroes eternal Crown, crown him the chief of the ho laid down hiss word ibrthejjfrthnghtf .' "" man. al possessed that exquisite tact-t- he designate finesse. Miss Willard has twice visited Salt Lake and is well known to many of the people of Utah. The sketch of her life given here is from a Chicago paper. 'Miss Willard was born in Church ville, near Rochester, New York, Sep. 28, 1839. She was the daughter of Joiiah F. and Mary Thompson Hill Willard, both of New England stock. Her girlhood was spent in Churchville. Oberlin, 0., and Janesville, Wis. From Janesville the family moved to Kvanston, which has since been known as Miss Willard the Willards' home suburb. was a graduate of North Western university and took the degree of A. M. from SyraShe was for four years cuse university. North-- ' professor of natural science at the Western Female college, one year preceptor at the Genesee, Wesleyan seminary, Uma, N. Y., two years traveled abroad studying continental languages and the fine arts; in col1 87 1 became president of the Woman's in Nortb lege and professor of aesthetics Western university; in 1874 corresponding secretary of the W. C. T. U., in 1877 was associated with Mr. Moody in evangelistic work in Boston, in 1878 was president of the W. C. T. U. in Illinois and editor of the Chicago Daily Post, and in 1878 was mad i president of the National W. C. T. U "Tn 1887 Miss Willard was elected presi dent of the Woman's Council of the United iStes; formed from thfederatedsoci- . ! , , National American W. opened. in the Columbia Theatre at Washington, D. C, on the morning of Monday, 14. Miss Anthony occupied the chair. In her introductory addicss she described the first woman's rights convention at Seneca Falls Ufxh'umed-rouu- d A sinaif-m- ri fifty years ago. table, stood on the stage of the theatre, draped with an American Ibg. Miss Anthony said: "On this table the original declaration of equal rights was written, at the house of the McClintocks. The five women who wrote it were all Quakers except Mrs. Stanton. They did not dare to sign their names but They published the call anonymously. worked around the table and hunted up the nineteen grievances It is worth noticing that the demands vhich raised such a hue and cry of ridicule fifty years ago are nearly alFconceded today." The roll call showed representatives from State societies. twenty-fou- r S.-A- . song-otr-inoods-rrn- -- 1 WASHINGTON CONVKNTION. Hfe - 19 was elected to the genera! conference of the Methodist Kpiscopal church. In "18S9 she was Chosen to the w imenical conference of the same church the Rock River conference, but her name was. thrown out .by "the. board of control because she was a She was the crigin.itor of the petition against the alcohoj and opium trade, started on a tour around the world, and .to be presented to all govenrnents.. She was from the first one of the directors of the Woman's Temperance Publishing association of the board of directors wf the and also-onNational .Temperance hospital of the Temperance temple. "Miss Willard wis sometimes called Besides "America's uncrowned queen."the multifarious duties connected with the presidency of the world's and national tem- peiance organizations, books, magazines. articles, tracts and editorials followed in quick, succession from her busy brain. Kven during her year and a half of enforced 4rest' her vitalized touch continued to be felt in every department of the W.C.T:U. work." Selected. sun-kisse- -- This-precKHJS is ! tear-dro- p . ituthy beauty, - My "voiceless song, my hymn of praise;. ' - . A song no mortal sense hath heard, And yet its tones my soul can thrill-- Far more than music it hath stirred ! When sense of blessing on me falls And memory oft the past recalls. If undeserved, I yet must sing, ' oft-time- sere- e No's, MARCH 1, 1S9S. 15 & bring While rolls the Potomac" here Washington slumbers, And his natal day comes with the angels of ' spring. .We follow thy counsel, O hero eternal, To highest achievements the schoolleads the van, And, crowning thy brow with the evergreen Ver ". nal, We pledge thee our all to t'e service of man often s;ng a silent song, : Poicerlo belter, the 'one, the State. and the NaUon. 'Till o'er the dead heroes the peace star sh.V - MY SILENT SONG I Lead, : Hezekiah Butterworth. Birthday the New Year Nellie. For the Exponent. be a SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, PKBRUARY CONTENTS: Poetry: Utah should .J Wlll- -, Ft.-b-. Miss Marie Corelli, who has recently been obliged to undergo a severe operation, wishes it to be widely known that the surgeon to whose skill she owes her life is a lady. Bravo brave and dainty little woThe nonsensical notion man of genius. that women will not trust womeiijn medicine' and surgery is abundaiitlydisproved in by the hundreds of operations performed the New Hospital forWomen, which "is officered entirely by" female medical prac tioners. But of course no record is kept of the women who consult lady doctors in private practice, and it is a capital advertisement when it is made known that an eminent woman has been willing to trust a difficult operation on herself to a lady surgeon; Mrs: aui Scharheb llr;D. was . ! -- yf.Z'Vr ' 