73 Ylc n , ' . . e Hiram-"TsLimb- - . 'MUSINGS AND MEMORIES." "Musings and. Memories" is a volume of poems entirely of home production, and is very suitable as a gift for he holidays. The book is sufficiently elegant in appearance for any drawing room or library table. It contains three hundred pages and a steel enIt is for sale at the graving of the author. J office of the "Woman's Exponent." Tem-pletq- n Builiding, opposite Deseret News Cloth binding, $1.25; dainty cover, $1.50; morocco, $2.00. Those living outside Salt Like City who might wish to purchase the book should address Mrs. E. B. Wells, Templeton Building, Salt Lake City, Utah. office. . ; .:. EDITORIAL NOTES. The "Exponent" acknowledges the gift of a picture group of beautiful women, the . 4AveTlelH!hted : r:M cau : :ryiU": "daughter, her sons all "nave. .families but they were just as tenderly attached to their mother. There are quite a number pf grandchildren. The relatives and friends of Sister Kimball Fathered about nine on Sunday morn ing at her residence totalce a last look, as he lav Deact' u v sleemnir in ner oeauiiiui white robes within the white casket and a holy 'calm, upon her face as if in vision When the farewells were over the casket mementoes of floral with loviiiL' , mvrrpd t offerings was borne to the chapel, followed hv the family and friends and the Relief Society of which she was the honored and The. Fifteenth ward beloved nresident. hall where the funeral servces were con ducted was exquisitely draped in white and flowers, and potted plants were artistically. arranged, (her express wish was that there should be no black.) Bishopjohn Morgan presided at the funeral services, the musical exercises-werby, the ward choir; which includes Sister Maggie' Hull, one of the sweetest singers in all Israel. The speakers were first Sister Zina D. H. Young, who had known Sister Kimball since the days of Kirtland; she was much affected while speaking, but paid an eloquent tribute of love and tenderness to her departed friend and companion. Bishop R. T. Burton spoke of her many virtues and of her magnificent capabilities, her motherly attention to all who needed assistance, whether of the household of faith or not, and of the great blessing she had been to all in the ward. Apostle H. J. Grant and President Angus M. Cannon each spoke in glowing terms of praise of her lifelong labors. President M. Isabella Home made the closing speech, which Was a loving tribute to her memory and eulogistic of her leng life and work among the Saints. Apostle John Henry Smith offered the benediction. A long train of carriages followed the remains to the cemetery, where the body was deposited beside her mother, Sister Lydia all, usband Elder DJGrangeJV-he-rv- h having been buried at sea on his way as a missionary to lhe Sandwich Islands, more than thirty years ago. ' Counselor Rodney Badger dedicated the grave, and the last sa& rites were over 4vheu the coffin was covered with the fresh earth and also profusely jvvith beautiful flowers. ' " WOMAN'S EXPONENT. t. - ' . with the gift Id .tself, ,but know u.K persona ly and t he in .vidual n tint chines out from the eyes, it is uouoi itewe recall we eaze and dar. and tiia mohv invi.K- trait fa each one s char- acter. and incidents in each one's life that are admirable. The likeness, too, is very good and the picture altogether does credit to They are certainly faces that denote intelligence and intense spiritual power. Every Stake board in Zion who can afford one should purchase one of them to hang where the children can become acquainted and familiar with the founders of the Primary work. Among the handsome displays far Christmas the new book store of George Q. Cannon Sons and Company has certainly' one of. the very finest, and perhaps equal in quality of goods in their line to any establishment .'in the city, if it does not excel. The goods are all in style and the prices are on an average with the quality. In fact th'ey .do keep an excellent line of stationery and materials in that line. This year they. have fancy china ware, rare vases and such ornaments as are suitable for Xnias gifts and a fine assortment of pictures, principally medallion, subjects new in style. The "Exponent" can safely recommend their goods and also the attention one receives in being The new store itself is very. served. attractive and fitted up in excellent taste, and everything seems in keeping within and without. i . - - the-associatio- . " . :. ..... ""vuc I f :ad; the wheat T.l' lityamJ rJ. .stored is cf ROod condition . Th UWi Ut.V - v tiiat lUcy tniKt make themselves useful in life. "Jt is three years since we were visited in our Stake although last year we had Sister Gates, who came in the interest of the Y. L. M. I A President Annie R. Duke of Wasatch Stake said she had only been elected a short time, their former president, Sister Kinma Brown, having passed away she had been called to the position of president and hoped to fill the place with credit, but felt she knew very little as yet, but would try to do all .in her power. She had visited around the Stake since her appointment. Cassia Stake was reported by Sister Rol. lins; the president was a very capable In traveling around they had to go man. over a mountain to get to the other side where one pari of the sisters lived. Their Dresident had never vet missed attending one conference since they were organized. 1111 v.utftvft4vi4 -- vo-- . They were trying to do their part well. President Emma J. Beunett said, "We make, our visit among the sisters a pleasure trip, vl e have twenty branches, we travel with tire authorities of the Stake and we airways have a good time, our sisters are and united as well as energetic. We want to do our share and assist the General Society, we have been talking of a Stake dili-ge- nt granary." Star Valley was reported by Sister Sarah Ann Burton. "We have a good band of GENERAL CONFERENCE. sisters, we do not have the best of grain, but we have a mill now, which is a great NATIONAL WOMAN'S RKLIHF SOCIETY. blessing to the people. We are just begin-..Afternoon session, President Zina D." H. ning in our. Stake to save grain, we have Young presiding, Prof. C. J. Thomas lead- - many early frosts but we intend to perseing the singing by the lemple choir. vere and do our part in whatever is under We are Meeting opened with "Now let us rejoice.'' taken by the General Society. in blest having an abundance of strawberPrayer by Elder C. J. Thomas. Singing ries and small fruits. We have nine Wards, "Oh Golden Day." very beautifully rendit takes three days to visit those fartherest ered by Maggie C. Hull and members' of ' off. the Temple choir. Sister Maggie Hull sang "Glory to God reported Kanab Stake, referred to the lack of mem on High," the Temple choir joining. bers attending meetings and said that in ' . wi, j una . triiiuSdV KJl AJCttl f to other reports she found it to be Stake nude an excellent listening report of the work a In .. -Pre- sident-Artemissiarttigmtdler -- ,. general complaint. regard to laying said wheat theirs was not a grain proup but she had urged the sisducing locality, : a .1 as mere iers luasmucn was an appearance " uwuumm uaivwi iui cur 10 jay up what wheat they could; felt although they were a small Stake they were diligent and proving themselves faithful over a few things. President Ann C. Woodbury of the St. George Stake, told the long distance they had to travel by team to visit the branches of the society in their Stake, some places were four hundred miles awav and it was quite 2n arddous undertaking to go all the way around. "We are just getting a good start in the silk inastry. We were to have had timber for a mill and the boys-wergoing to start off with their teams to haulit when we received word the mill was burned. Still we have every prospect of success this year, all have plenty to do Our children have not applied themselves to industrial pursuits in the past as they should, we must insist upon industrious habits in our children and the silk industry is one pursuit that will be helpful in this respect, and there is a. good prospect of sue - i- - - cess' ;. - , A done in the society in that locality, and the good spirit prevailing in their midst. She felt the importance of the organization and the great blessing it had been to the wo- men of Zion, earnestly urged the sisters to train their sons and daughters in the ways of the Lord and exhorted all to good works. President Elizabeth Fox of Oneida Stake was very much pleased with the instruction given by the leading sisters, spoke particularly of their efforts in storing grain, in Franklin they had over a thousand. bushels and a small granary, but had concluded it was best to put their wheat into the "grist mill and the mill pays them interest on the grain. Sister Fox spoke of the change made in their Stake so that it had not so many branches, some wards having been taken into the new Stake recently organized. She also urged the sisters to take the "Exponent" and to read it. expressed her own appreciation of its helpfulness; thought it wrong not to support our o wn paper. President Mary Pitchforthof Juab Stake referred-tthe good singing and realized how .much it added to the spirit; of, the, In their meeting. Stakfe they always had good singing and interspersed it between the speeches at theif conferences. Referred o v .v. ;"iry. tu : five branches ot tne society have . ; ' 