7 ... - t . i . . iirUie patiroi progress au&ruui. wer,.migutv OTr-ionyear'uAri another, as we are ! eatioual to her. aim sua tmn J I ,i IWu nt lwauui j . .;r::s . , , .... ; , the sick. Snid. have charity for each others weaknesses a .llx.Utr,.y-a.t-,iifortnit', ' ' f'Ml'IKP UTl'Xll VvirV --- - r t . , word of wisdiv.n and tlie blessings promised its hws, an 1 siid'we do goxl to tlnse who despitefully use you. to those who observed ' Lord to help us to do His will. should teach the young people sthe evil r Asked the Sister 'Home hoped the sisters of th.--' effects of not observing iU would remember and make .happv HIder Brigham Your.g of the Onmcilof Society the holidays, and begin-the 'Apostles; said he hoped he was not In- ; the poor during anew in good works. Gnve notice i the ' truding, had not given trie workings of im.the secretaries to have their reports in hy an was but his felt.it ' study, Society February, and meeting; adjourned for three portant factor in the Church, and hat the -- months. Singing "When shall we all mi.: t SALT LXXli STAKE, sisters wielded an influence, the mother's again." Benediction by Dr. K. Barney. be 'a fountain of "knowledge, should mind Y. Taylor, Sec. . MINUTES of the (quarterly conference of Margarkt a great responsibility resting upon the felt the Silt Lake .Stake Relief Society held in mothers and sisters in the Church in trying EAST MILL CREEK. the Fourteenth ward assembly hall Dec. iM, to Said evils. of its many ntirify society Minutes of the Primary conference held 097, President M. I. Home presiding with the' sisters were as staunch and faithful as . Oct. 50, 1S97, President K. IC. her counselors A. T. Taylor and C. C." Can.was The of the brethren. onslaught non. , Present on the stand were Fldcr any Singing "Our Father in heaven." is so power and what Zion of the on youth Prayer by Counselor F, M. Xeff. Singii; ' Young of the council of the ful as the Relief Society! in staying Brigham "Oh come children come." Roll was called Apostles; Klder Angus M. Cannon presiis among us ? The that wickedness of the last conference were' dent of the Salt Lake Stake; Sisters Zina are of the Lord and and the minutes the by spirit prompted lL4L-YLnmread and accepted. The program was car-re- d of the general board: B. V. g do a great deal of good in saving tne can out as folio- s: II .iSjnithJSRichaub th:' There among people.Song by Dorcas Debenhaui and Geiiie j. Stevenson, J. C. Howe and L. D. Alder. sisters, the brethren Inve the- .world, the XtiT. .The alphabet.' in rhyme was given Meeting was opened by singing "Our God flesh and the devil to He' had " we raise to Thee. Prayer was offered by .met with some of the organizations in his by Hazel and Iiene Tagg and Frva T'ishci .Iillie Capsou read a revelation given tu C. C. Cannon. Singing "0 awake my were doing- a good work. and travek ' they in Portage Co. Ohio. Chbe Minutes of . preSmith Joseph slumbering minstrel." ortravels his "Gave an interesting account vious conference read and accepted. Roll Young, Lena' Ranck. and Pauline Fisher the south. in Ouestio::s called, forty Le wards. represented. M. Cannon said he sang "The Primary Throng." President Angus of the Go-p- el and Answers on the restoration President Home said she felt happy to Brother amen to could say everything we should seek first" were given by Junius Fisher, Laurence see so many toA-the-r r We did-ri- ot our want ?aid; tha kingdom of God and all other tilings oYonnghadFisher,. Joseph Oliver, Udgar Debenh'rra he Said will of the Lord. but the will wn "Bk- - 'td are ye when ye would be added. and Leon Lhlredire. A. dialogue was renthese attended tnat the good spirit Said the adver- - enjoyed seek after righteousness." dered by Elaine XeiT and Ivveline Fisher. meetings and feU to advance the cause of of Faith were given by Julia blessed the sisters in their good enZion, obstacles' in to the way and trying Woodell. A recitation was given by Millie thrw deavors. who were, trying to do their duty. Questions and Answers on the SUfer Home felt thankful to have the King'. Said to ask our Heavenly father what our "Church" were given by Caleb Fisher and with- us this morning. brethren Meeting 'duties were and do them, lray w'itlmiif Johnie Oliver, - A dialogue was given by "Do o'clock. two till Singing adjourned Recitations were Annie and Phillis King. ceasing, ta ice care of our children and try what is Benediction Klder Cannon. right." and help them in the straight and narrow given by Mary Fisher and Forest Fagg. " Sister Morris" then spoke a few moments. path. S.tid, 'I see many things in Zion Afternoon Session: Opened by singthat make me sad, but Zion will, b purihed ing. "All hail the glorious day." Prayer by She said she was pleased to meet with us H n g4 ng th the chiUrcn.. .. vw hgx Mater .u. tf sa v- - tmlatitf-totiotrmnfs'n.'V Said the Gospel was; so plain and what is truth." Reports were given oi dome Gave a short history of Joseph Smith and "beautiful it .should. stimulate us to do good of the city Wards, all were in good condirelated some very interesting incidents con' and lift up all who come under its influence. tion. nected, with his early life. let-u" not-geof all women, "We are blet Sister Howe spoke to us a short time. Sister Zina Young said it was joy for her - on of well the to meet with the sisters. She had recently Said she was very much' pleased to meet weary doing." SpokeChurch works being read in the Society, traveled six hundred miles, her daughter w ith us and pleased with our program She said they were good food for any Latter-da- y Zina Card sent her love to all the sisters. felt that the children responded with inspir-'-atioAll kinds of clubs were being Joseph Smith the prophet had turned the Saint. .and faith, and told how the Laman-ite- s organized, why cannot we reform in our key for women, and she felt the same spirit came to be cursed. Said we were a call do who and attend? on those not Society today as she had then. Said how humble blessed people and that we should appreciin conferto Lord bless the our us' w e should be and put aside all pride and Prayed ate our great blessings. Advised all to ence and hoped we would all be fed with selfishness. She felt the power of the Lord pray without ceasing, and related an incithe. bread of life. was among the sisters; asked the Lord to dent of a little boy who was healed through B. V. Smith asked for the faith Sister perfect us and bring us into His presence. ' faith. Spoke of obedience, saiU it was the of the. and prayers sisters', was pleased with Sister Home spoke on storing 'wheat '.and first law of heaven, and told the children to the aeports. Said her time was taken up said she had urged the sistejs when Wheat love one another and to' pray for each other, in the Temple, it was a great work and was cheap to buy it, now it. was going to up. pray for her and to remember her. PrayPresident Young had said he would like to There was room in the 14th ward granary ed God to bless us all. see twenty temples built, some in Mexico for a thousand bushels of wheat to be stored. . Irene Fisher was then voted in secretary and Arizona, for the Savior would not come The vvheat should be 'under the sisters' of Hast Mill Creek. Primary conference was while there was so much wickedness on tlra jurisdiction and be purchased by the sisters. then for one year. Singing earth. Prayed for the Lord to bless the s Said to lay aside selfishness and build up "Lord adjourned dismiss us with "Thy blessing." in their labors. the kingdom of God. Benediction by Counselor Capson. ... Counselor A. T. Hyde felt her weakness S. Sister J. Richards of Ogden, .said this E. E. Fish he. and asked for the prayers of the sisters. She house vas like coming to an old homer-he- re felt that the presidents vere:jnterested in her children had been blessed and their work, and that the Lord blessed His those of her loved ones who.. 'had In 1873 Ann Arbor (Mich,) district conpassed daughters. The Prophet Joseph had an inaway their funerals had been held here, and ference of the M. E. Church gave Mrs. terest and care over the women wrhen he she felt the hall h ad a sacred in her Frances D. York a local preacher's license, place appointed his wife Emma president of the memory. Said to teach our children to the first given to a woman in the State ol Society. Our Society should be educationhonor and respect the memory of great men ' Michigan. al, advised reading and speaking in the and women. She felt the counsel L"of Sister Tu E Mayflower pamphlet issued by th e Society and said we have everything, in our Home about the wheat: was timely, the New York Mail and Express price fifty ' organization to elevate women. fever for parting with the wheat in her part cents, contains and ' personal history Counselor C. C. Cannon rejoiced in meet- of the country was great, but she4 had adrecords of many prominent famiing with the Society, said it had been edu- - vised them, to keep it, wheat held a " precious lies. Brother L. J. Niittall said' there is evcry- tliintr in our S' etv- th it is ueces-ar- v r irwou of the sisters thi: advancement He said if we find any tiling good and .truth. Jul we can uu'te it with ours. Conference adjourned for three mouths. if.:iedietiii by Bishop Singing, Poxnlogy. Hans Jensen. ir ' -- ; j ; . . 1 . Fisher-presiding- si-te- rs - - oy.-rcom- . -- - - -- " The-Article- , of-thos- e : - " - -i -- . s t n " -- sis-ter- - : , gen-eologic- ' ' . al 