WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ft ' I vv-- o a n w MAX'S XPONE-N- EMM RUNE 3. WELLS, AM.VUi- - l'MLLS T Editor. Lake City, Utah. one 3y copy six months, $i.aa; for .N clubs. cts. murfr ril!icucn 50 u;ty papers dcuv-erc- fl by mail, extra for pos,f:ig? one year, as cts.- A ivcrtidojf rates: Rac-- square, fen, lines of rionpr reil per month, J 00. A liberal dis- puce Gin .a, Publish'!, m Salt emi-mottrM- y, one ir, i . Sirre. Bu'snes-- ; AcMresa ill btuu&ess 1898. . Salt Lake City, Utah. EniertI st th Post Cfct Salt I. ait City, Ut.ih, i very respectfully " Woodruff. Wili-ok- Geo. Q. Cann'o.v4 Jos. F. Smith, First .Presidency of the Church of Jesus" Chirsr of - ' be-affixe- communication to PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, - . right,' ..welreniain. r-S- i-t V- ; Latter-da- y Saints. UTAH PATRIOTISM. and-cause- ' . . witness whereof I have hereunto set the great seal of the my hand Dou,e in Salt State of Utah to Lake City this 25th day of April, A. D. scS day, except .Sunday.' assisTlk-:V-'- "In Temp'eton, South Tfm-pi- e hoirj from 10 a. m.no 5 p. m. every EvponkaT orttce, Room - States' ular advertisers. ount 're pvrv " portion should be mechanics. "Officers to be hereafter 'designated will be sent immediately to various central points within the.State for the' purpose of, recruit" The recruits will be ing the volunteers. rendezvoused at Salt Lake City as soon as possible before May 5, 1S9S, when hey y.vill be. mustered into the service of the United yC). C4X.VO.V , ' ' ' "Hkuer "By the Governor. "J. T. As , . of any honest-mindeperson of the sterling patriotism. which exists in Utah. Theyare loyal to the heart's core and their ready to the call to arms has abundant! proven it beyond contradiction. The heroism too of the mothers, wive; and sisters in the encouragement givene-thougthey were deeply pathetic in tenderness and heartfelt emotion, shows thir love of country and sympathy with andoppressed of other nations. It has been a part of the religion of ths .uphold the .nati'r:'.?. honor, notwithstanding all that has been said and published to the contrary. Tbey love the flag because, it is the emblem of a free republic and they hold sacred the Constitution of the United States. War is a terrible thing, but whea it Incomes necessary to protect the life, of any -irom --a ocsaage. nation or I than death, who can say 'it is not justifiable? w ouia mere were some oeuer way, some protection that, could be obtained by arbiWould that men could accept the tration olive branch when offered, or a tlag of truce but such is not the case at the present time with Spain. President McKinley was, it Js very evi.. dent, unwilling to declare war and it not until the war had actually begun thatr he consented to any war measures. Americans on the sea and on the land have clearly evidenced their bravery and loyalty. as citizens cf a free nation and the greatest Republic on ihireai Lh. What more do than has been done, and is being dene daily and hourly" for the unfortunate Cubans to raise them from tyranny and bondage for all time to come ? But 0, let us hope and pray that war shall cease, that the Lord will turn the hearts of ' those who bear rule in Spain to surrender Cuba and give her poor ' oppressed people freedom. Surely the women whose sons, husbands and fathers have gone forth to battle, will intercede with One who rules s and and who holds the, destinies of men and of nations in His hands and He will lend a listening ear to- the prayers of a broken heart and contrite spirit. Let us hoDe the wrorld is not so wicked that nations will be slaiudn a day, but if so and the cries of the innocent have reached unto heaven for vengeance, then' indeed must we beseech the Lord forlstrength to endure the terrible ordeal. d re-spon- se M. Wells." . Hammond, "Secretary of State." h th-.-i- Salt Lakh City ic.o3. !May r, THE WAR WITH SPAIN, GOV, WELLS'S PROCLAMATION. LETTER ON THE SUBJECT. midnight It was after the Governor last night - Apiil-25and Secretary of Office of the First Presidency of the when .Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-daStale Hammond sighed a proclamation for Saints. , volunteers. ' It took upwards of four hours was document before the consultation of Salt Lake City Utah, completed. There were quite a number April 2i, 1893. whom,, the at conference, among presenl wr re Adjutant General John Q. Cannon, Hon.. Heber M. Wells, Governor of the ToTsTThaTTerV SrBufToTirNephinrrCtaTtoTi-an- d State of Utah: The proclamation is W. H. Penrose. as folio wr-Dear Governor We have read with much interest your proclamation to the peo"By the Governor of the State of Utah-"call, in reple of our State, :i which-yoPROCLAMATION. sponse, to the proclamation of the President the United States, for the enlistrrent of "Whereas, The President of the United of men to furnish Utah's quota of the States' has issued a proclamation calling Up- 500 on the various states for 125,000 volunteers 125,000 volunteers called for by the to herve in the army of the United States, President to serve in the army of the United the same to be apportioned among the States for twotyears. The people Whom we represent are lovers several states and territories and the District of Columbia, according to population of eace, and would do anything in their ojwerconsistent with honor and the patriytarsOtic duty fa rU discharged, and "Whereas in pursuance of said procla- country, to avert war and its dreadful train Because of this feeling mation the secretary of war has designated of consequences. admire-thcourse which the quota from, the State of Utah to be one we have been led to been'" has" taksn by President McKinley troop of cavalry, special mounted service tnroughout thi Spanish imbrogilo, and We and two 'light batteries of artillery; that his efforts to preserve '"Now, therefore, I, Heber M. Wells, have hoped Governor of the State of Utah, to supply peace between the two countries would re the said quota from this state, dor hereby sult in success. But war has been declared and we have call for volunteers to the approximate number of 500 men to enlist in the army of the it to meet. Our citizens are called upon to United States for the term of two yea-- un- enlist, and Utah is asked to furnish cavalry less sooner discharged. It is the wish of and batteries of artillery approximating 500 the President that the National Guard shall men.. We trust that the citizens of Utah who be used as far as their numbers will permit, Saints will be found ready to and they are therefore especially invited to are Latter-daenlist., This being the first calLfor volun- respond with alacrity to this call which is made upon our State. There was a time in teers, however, and there being a possibiliwe were called urxn as a ty of others, this invitation is not to be the past wher construed as expressing the desire that the religious organization, to make a far greater than this, under circumstances fjat infantry arm of the service beXweakened by sacrifice transferor discharge. The proportion of were exceedingly painful. Then there was of cavalry and artillery in the organized militia no hesitation; but upwards of men of suitable the formed a .battalion age being , small there will be abundant oppor- -- ) y - - ' ; - -- vTuytrnrrryhrve -- e - -- s y one-thir- d volunteered to tunity for civitiatrvoluuteers, and tothenr of 5007-lef- t the invitation is extended with equal cor- take part in the Mexican war. In like r Latte:-day'.Safntst- o -- -r- A.-ori ! ' v-- oa-&ty-m- an - ill-fate- d over-rule- - the-amp-- a-nd MELBA'S CONCERT. manner there should be no hesitation now;, The world renowned Mme. Melba has "The general requirements for enlistment and we sincerely trust that your recruiting .fficers will find our as ready visited Salt Lake City and given her conare as follows: Men should be intelligent, active and muscular, free from disease and now;to enlist ,and march to the defense of cert in the Tabernacle. There were some of good character and habits, and between their country as "their fathers were in the disappointments because of the" failure to Candidates will be days to which v;e refer. the ages of 21 and 45. appear in numbers assigned them of Mme. -Yon Canteren, Signor Garloone, Signor Trusting that you will be eminently sucsubject to the medical examination pre' cessful Viviani and Mr. Van Hoose. The SyminNraising Utah's quota of volun scribed by the army regulations. All of the recruits for the cavalry land a .gret teers, and praying that the Almighty will phony orchestra under the leadership of majority of those for the artillery must be protect our nation in the hour of trial and Signor Bamboni was exquisitely grand, diality. . co-reliion- sts -- . . ; ; . -- 