WOMAN'S EXPONENT. p rJ-.n.tl- t ..,AfA the Cortez to authorize lier t nsa person of disordered intel- . " I'illHl I 2v; of Austria was feeble in body and almost an mma. ills lirst wife was Louise, vi Louis ai v and bisjsewnd ;y-ni:Uie last ot the AnstrEU--- j .1 Shortly after the prince was elevated to the throne, he and his father were induced" to Bayonne, Ferdinand find-t- he September, m selves ' for' 3 of hhUcU Joanna; nt VnnnlMti . Tbe.v nnsonAn; in the Sr iritis government v" ,Vt.: ,wir for n son to succeed him as .ne COnUlIlOIl Of Snun mi,?r surrendered, the crown to Kapoku and he after Isabella's earlier. that it was shortly sovereigns Was so great The brought ngw to the transferred it to his brother Joseph. his of of ruin. For verge daughter nearly three centuries Supreme Council of Seville declared war jcath'he it of had the held the foremost Navarre,) queen rank in Europe as against France and Napoleon. England sler (Leanora a been realized, now Queen it began to decline recognized Ferdinand as .king and sent an military nation; Yls wish had nearly in in a son of March oth delivered influence and Germaine was, glory. army to aid the Spanish. After many a few hours. Cnarles II. live:d was infant childless and bequeathed only bloody battles the French were driven from roo, hut the his morbiand be throne to to Ferdinand began impatient the country. In 1S13 Ferdinand VII. was Phillip V., Duke of Aujou. so declined V. that was , the his health rapidly Phillip He married the d-an grandson of Charles II. restored to- - the throne. were his He that numlxhedj was the second son of notorious Christina who boie him two days it was evident his life of Louis at the month the the Infanta Maria Louise. Dauphin of France and Mary He passed the last died Anne of and of Duke Bavara. the of He assumed the title of Having no sons Ferdinand revoked the Alva, country seat of King Spain by virtue of the will of Salic law which excluded females, and esin January, 15Charles his of His throne was contested by tablished a regular succession to the throne II. grandfather, (FerdinBv the death of the throne the House of Austria in favor of Arch Duke of Spain, females as well as males. and) Charles I. took possession On the Charles, Phillip was the first of the Pour-bonof Spain by the title of Charles V. Ferdinand died in 1833 and "bequeathed who nasty occupied the throne of his crown to his daughter Isabella. death of his paternal grandfather (MaxiHis Gerof elected and this occasion was the was of wars the he Spain, Emperor Don Carlos brother contested the legitama-c- y milian) of the 01 nanes v. succession. was tne Under Spanjsh Phillip of the throne, and this led to a long and reign many.andmarried first to advance to. Marie Princess Louise disastrous war. Isabella II. was only three twice, higher the nation continued ' Gabrielle of to second Savov . wife was years old when-sh- e his tafce everything hieher and he seemed was proclaimed queen. Elisabeth Faruese was of he to Parma. obliged before him, untirin 1552 Don Carlos and his son refused to take the Phillip beThe came a victim, to melancholia and abdicated oath of allegiance and a civil war broke out flee before Duke Maurice of Saxony. season of the most brilliant results is not 111 favor of his son Louis. Louis died a few-- l which raged for seven years. Don Carlos months of after small pox, and Phillip was reduced to the last extremity fled to France that of the greatest national prosperity, the to take the reins of government. for refuge and renounced his claim to the' boasted reign was dearly purchased by the obliged In 173 decline of industry and the loss of liberty, Phillip invaded Naples and took j throneof Spain. Isabella's mother Christina, Charles V. celebrated his own obsequies, possession of that kingdom and gave it to and Esparten the "Duke of Victory," were his domestics marched in funeral procession his son Don Carlos. appointed regents during her minority. At with black tapers, he followed in his Phillip V. was succeeded by his son the age of thirteen she was proclaimed of shroud and was laid in his coffin with great Ferdinand VI., surnamed the "Wise." He age and at sixteen was married to her cousMarried IsoleiamtT. ;The length of the ceremony or ascended the. throne in 1746. Ferdinand in, Don Francisco de Assis. "mind the impression which this left oh his did not share his ambitious against her. will to a man said to be unfit .so aiiected nun tnat ne resigned. His crown desire for conquest in Italy, and withdrew' for the conjugal state, the private character and retired to a monastery and died in from war, recalling all his armies so quickof Isabella has been exposed to much cen155S. ly from Italy that all the northern part fell sure and scandal. Phillip II. was the son of Charles V. and into the hands of the,Austrians, who treatEver since Isabella ascended the throne Isabella of Portugal, he was an accomed the people with the greatest inhumanity disorder and dissatisfaction seem to be a and to mathematician and them to harness and even characteristic of Spain, and in 1845 Don plished linguist attempted connoisseur in architecture and fine arts. their heavy aitillery. the thirteen Carlos made another attempt to gain the During In 1554 he married Mary Tudor, Queen of years of his reign he was one of the most throne of Spaiu for his son, Charles Louis, and ruled who VIII. of monarchs of the and humane Isabella with her England, daughter "Prince of. Asturia." Henry just Catherine of Arragon. After Mary died he over Spain. He promoted the welfare of royal daughter set out for Barcelona but made an attempt to gain the hand of Elizahis country, reorganized the navy, enwas hooted and insulted through the streets. beth but was unsuccessful, and finally mar- - couraged and established 'manufactures, 1 ne cause 01 mis was mai sne waniea a -ricdisabellaofTfance. His lile was no- - and by his judiciafaiid politieal-eondu- ctr bill passed which would place the chie of suffer his on throne wicked and the toriously Naples. licentious, placed his brother municipal .appointments in the hands of of Theresa were was married the" crown and deprive the inhabitants of Magdalene ings terrible, his body entirely Ferdinand covered with ulcers: his death must have Portugal. in died He of the towns of any control over their func1759 been a ereat relief to him and all around She carried her measure but Ferdinand left no heir so the throne tionaries. him. descended to. his brother, Charles IV.. of there was such an uproar she was obliged In 1598 on the death of his father Phillip Naples, and Charles III. of Spain. Charles to yield. In 1841 quite a dispute arose between Christina and Esparten, each one III. came to the throne, he was married to was a very good man, for promoting educaEsparten was Margaret of Austria, his second wife was tion, reforming and expelling the Jesuits in wanted to be sole regent. continued at the head of the elected and Isabella of France. His reign of twenty-thre- e 1767. Before this time. England became years was chiefly noted for the cruel alarmed at the naval preparations of Spain government, until the 14th" of July, 1856, then- Gen. O'Donnell was appointed presiexpulsion of the Moors from all Darts of and declared war in 1762, and took Havana dent. O'Donnell did not reign long; he Spain where they hid sought refuge during in Cuba and Manilla in the East Indies. was obliged to resign mi the 13th of Octothe last reign. In 1609, 600,000 individuals After several years peace was declared and were forcibly driven from their homes and Havana was restored. ber, and a new ministry was formed under On the 28th of November landed on the shores of Africa, there to be Charles III. died in 1788, and. was sue-- " Gen. Narvaez. the queen gave birth to a son who as heir treated even worse by the most cruel and ceeded by his second son Charles Anthony, perfidious of the human family. Prince of Asturia (the eldest son was in. to the kingdom took the title of Prince of Charles Asturia. The insugentsand royalists were Phillip IV., son of Phillip III. and Isa- capable of inheriting the crown.) bella of France, always fighting and in 1868' Isabella was began to reign in 1621. In IV. was married to Maria Louise Theresa dethroned and with the king and her four 1615 he married Elizabeth of France, his of Parma. Charles was governed entirely children took refuge in France. A new' second wife was Marie Anne of Austria, by Manuel Godey, the lover of his wife and He ascended the throne when but sevenThe second president took the field, Marshall Serrano; an instrument of Napoleon's. teen, he was extravagant and dissipated, revival of the country commenced, trade there was much dissatisfaction and all kinds of parties formed, and an unforeseen difffajs regn was most unfortunate, he was at aud commerce began to show signs, of rethe rebellion of Cuba. It be- -' war with France, Holland, Sweden and turning activity. During this .reign war iculty arose, England. In 1640 Portugal freed herself broke out with Great Britain, resulting in gan at Maugauillo on the 10th of October froa Spanish yoke. Since the days of disaster to Spain, v In 71804 another war Manuel Cespedes was chief of the Cuban In 1808 forces and asked for recognition for the Roderick the Goth; a more disastrous reign arose and resulted the same. than his had not darkened the annals of Charles abdicated in favor of his son new Republic of Cuba, this rebellion Spain. Ferdinand VII. but two days afterwards mained throughout 1869. Then the Spanish Charles II., son of Phillip IV. and Marie privately protested began to look around for a king. 1 Si?-"io5h"o- 506.-- i .r.; ; u-o- c married-Germain- e, ; . " -- half-siste- r. nd -- d - - -- 1 -- -- -- - . ; . ; . . !s step-motber- - . 