WOMAN'S ' J!:; u'iiviuld.-wak- tt .choice of ele vxrtt n - had accomplished the past year. Through their energy and r the assistance of the brethren they have built a fine brick build-inon the ueyv town site. Counselor Sarah S. Forsyth was gratified to have so many of the brethren meet with us, for where the Priesthood are there the Spirit of the I,ord h in greater abundance. We should try to put in practice the good Ex-- , teachings we hear from time to time. horted all to keep the word of wisdom and set a good example to the young people.' Bishop M. W. Mansfield was proud of the Relief Society , in' Thurber, they , were e'uergetic in their' iabors. Said the instruc-.- ; lions given had come, from the proper spirit, and said that we should apply the word of wisdom so that our bodies might be healthy ' and strong. ' v . " ' g ' . -- ' Patriarch -- KIIJBJaxkb" "to meet with, the sisters and partake of the He had good spirit in their conference: the Church and labored had never tired of working. for the "Lord. God's blessing must be upon the Relief . fifty-fivevyears.v- in Society, because it was organized by His Prophet. . p., m. SingBenediction by Father." "0", My ing since it was. first iHmztc, a'ndra- teat hers was ever zealous and ac ive in its alfirs, till failing strength prevented tier. She was a subscribt r of the ''Kxponent" and much ' reading; its paes until physical wea nes prevented. She was ever 'earnest hi teaching her children the principles of the Gospel, a d on her death bed she bore an inipresMve testimony to its truth, and fervently urged th.-to f low her in obeying- its requirement, and to lay hold o i its promises. Her ental laculties were clear up to her last sleep, which mergec! into death. Carry Smith, Sc. r::id ward U.S - ' F.I.IZA 2 E. Hanks. Bishop-WAfternoon session: After the ..usual owning exercises the statistical, report was read, President Jane- S. Coleman explained the expense fund, Counselor Mary E. Hanks presented the officers of the Relief Society, .Sisters Leah Blackburn, Sarah A: Robison, Eliza BrinkerhofT, Mary E. Gordon, Mary testi-- " Bujlard and Maria' Jakemau all bore mony and exhorted the sisters .to perform their duties. Counselor Saiah S. Forsyth made timelv remarks. been Bishop W. E. Hanks said he had . " : u, - s 1 fifty-tw- o . . RESOLUTIONS OI our objeet JtESPECT. We acknowledge her lo s and fai hfu! performance of all duties, therefore be it Resolved, That we sympathize with her family in their great loss. He it further and Resolved, That these rolutions be recorded in the Relief Society record, a copy presented to the family and another sent to the "Woman's Ex. ponent" lor publication. Verse by Hannah Erower: Whereas-- fri'-nd- , s Sister Barne t thou hast left us. Gone to join that lovtly choir, Of thy kindred gone before thee, Far beyond the world of care. ' Phi v, jnx.v LYDIA we l RNIIA.M, that which C Honsox. Eliza be pfatice ourselves, We have got to Committee. in our lives, we have a great misELIZA EMMA THOMAS. sion to perform. -Counselor M. E. Hants saia- - we. uuuui 'With loving remembrance we record the death live without the blessings of the Lord, we of Hister Eiiza Emma Thomas, who departed this the life March. 3, 1 898, at Richmond, Cache Co. She shculd make' progress in the Church, ' of us that was the daughter of Samue! and Phebe Adams, Lord does not require anything was born in Round-"- , Northamptonshire, Kngland, we are not able to accompnsn. joined the Church in 'he same place, came to remade -Coleman, (Jiah in 1S6S and was married to Martin Thomas President. Jane-- S, family came marks that were encouraging and appreciat- January 9, lS;i, in Ogden,andUtah. TheThomas held Sister Richmond soon alter to ed by those present. in for the Relief of teacher the Society position PfltnnrHi E. H. Blackburn said he could a number of years, doing a great amount of good look back and remember when the Relief and always willing to help the sick and destitute. not in.the condition it is today, She leaves a husband, eight children, six grand' Sxxietylwas children and a host of frien .'s to mourn her los. said death was brought into the world for a RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. wise purpose, and closed with blessings for " the sisters. r Whereas. We acknowledge her loss, and readi' ' Conference adjourned for six months. ness at all times to give a hoping hand,- theremeet again' fore ,t.e it Singing " When shall we all Resolved, That we sympathize with her family Benediction by Elder George Stringam. friends. Be it further and Cou-man- , Sec. Annie 0. Resolved, That these resolutions be recorded edified by the mslrUcltas-giTcis to teach the young people ex-ampla- ' -- 1 ry - " L : T - . in the Relief Society record, a copy sent to the husband and another sent to the bereaved '"Woman's Exponent" for publication. inMemoriam. - , LAURA FITZGERALD NEBEKEK. In this city 01 Monday Feb. 7th last, a .faithful mother in Israel,Sister Laura Fitzgerald Nebeker, of Pennsydeparted this life.. She was aanative, faithful consistent and of Utah a lvania; pioneer Saint. Few persons combine intense Latter-dadespirituality and' practical ideas of life to the the Gospel and its gree she did. Her faith in in matters of prinand promises was unswerving,; I In such ciple she was most uncompromising:; matters her acxjtiauitancesahyaysXnew ,fiere to " y . -- 11 These verses were composed upon the death of Sister Thomas by Hannah Brower: - Gently sleeping is our. mother Ehza I homas ioved and lair. Taken from this scene of action, t "io her Heavenly Parents care. '"."Mother thou wertkirid gentle, Tender, patient, good and true. Thou hast won the hearts 6f many, And a crown thou hast in view. viie eriry earin oeiOA-- , Hut thou art gone to join t he ransomed, thy ro'jes are pare as show. Mother we expect. to meet thee When we do the wor i egun, And we hope thy kind fxamp e, Will beconi' a beacon sun. ., Julia Kliza j . , .. -- Pet-tv- , C. Ho n so.v, Commit! ee; MARYR. GOODLIFFK With loving remembrance we r cord the death of our aged and respected sifter, Flia Car'nnage Harnett, who deputed this life Feb ir, iSqS, at thu age of seventyeight years. She was. at the hone of her daughter, F.mn i Wright, uho lives near Ogden. She was., born in, Staffordshire, in was married to John W- Harnett iS?ot England in Hirmingnani, .'England, in iv fr, joined the Church soon after and came uith her huband and family to America in i51 They stopped in u for were I'bi'adelphia tiv.ears, nere the always made uelcome. They came to Richmond, Cache Co., in 1S63 where they spent the remainder of their lives. Har hushacd died i iST. When the Relief Socictv"was organized in iS5S Sister D.irnttt as chosen and set apart as second counselor 10 the president, which oHice he faithShe was the fully filled a number of years. mother of e even c ildren, ten girls and one boy, She had fi'ty-on- e eight (A whom are dead. great grandchildren and grandchildren, I he funeral services one great great grandchild. over th remains were held in the Richmond meeting l ouse Feb. 15, . - v CAKNNAC.K HAHNPTT,' 4 Conference adjourned until 1 ened er : f., a memoer ot me , the-Thurb- 2S0 toy su b- - see that our records are kept in gorjdcTm dition. Spoke in. very appreciative terms Relief Society board of what ' EXPONENT... ; Robbins Goodlifie, daughter of Kdmond and Agnes McAllister and beloved wife of Hishop Arnold Goodliifc of Snow-villwas born in Manchester, liiigland, Junc iy, 1H40, aiiddied in Snowville. March 8, iSyS.nged years, eight months V and twelve days. Aunt Mary as she was called by all, from the hoary headed to life lisping toddler" was baptized a member of the Church of 1 Jttsus Christ .of .. Latter-dawas eight years old., crossed the plaitis Vith 'the Mik) Andrus company and arrived in Salt Lake City Utah in 1855. While en- route ior Utah- - Aunt Mary was stricken with the fatal disease of cholera, at Mormon Grove. There the great faith in the Gospel and its ordinances which has ever since been emblematic of her life showed itself. Although her eyes were glazed and setVm death, when asked if she had faith and wanted to live she nodded her head in the affirmative, u.s administered to and instantly healed under the hands of Elder Israel Barlow (now deceased) of Bountiful. Her father died in St Louis, her dear mother followed shortly after their arrival in Salt Lake and thus she was left alone-- no home, no frietid but God to dry the orphan's tear arid suppress the heart broken moan. She passed through the hard times and disticss which the Saints ' famine of endured in this early day, and to add to her taubles felti ntoTtiellanils of a woman whrr treated her most unkindly. She became acquainted with, and on August 16, 1857. became the wife of Arnold Goodliffe. They took part in the move of 1858, and after the return of the Saints settled in Kaysville. At the time of the settlement of Cache Valley she and her husband went with a company and helped to settle Franklin. While the Fort was building, one side being open, the brethren were all away in the mountains except an old man by the name of Garner, forty Indians headed by 'Weber Tom" rode into the Fort and threatened to kill every woman and child: Brother-Gafnknew "Weber Tom" and with Aunt Mary made a parley with them,' told them they had better have some dinner first, and to the great joy of both, the Indians agreed to this. Aunt Mary' rallied the fainting, Trightened and screaming sisters, and they with Brother Garner gathered all the bread and buttermilklhey could muster. White the Indianswere enjoying the repast the brethren returned, and thus the massacre was averted. It went all over the valley that Aunt Mary had whipped forty Indians with bread and buttermilk,, thus proving the wisdom and divinity of the counsel of our beloved President Young, "Feed, don't fight the Indian." . , ; Aunt Mary afterwards moved to Ikgau, her husband having been called there r by Elder Ezra T. Benson. When A postle C. i C. 'Rich moved to Bear Lake valley Sister--Mary e, filty-scvc- -- u y I ; er . - ; ad ;t " A 