WOMAN'S EXPONENT. V sY-- i A -- i , - IM: it. if':. V'. V-'- , vd . . vt-i- i , I.: l, A r : :'!!'!. i' i.s. if. " i - A'! i. 1'- - -- ; i.rj; jcr f'.. t.' !o:ti iiirs I'm sowing seed broadcast, casting bread upon hi: water.-- , pjrehance the bread of life tint hviy feed spiritually th()se in direst need of comfort, whose liyes may be darkened by sorrow and adversity. The motto of the N.W.R.S. is "Charity never faileth," and this spirit should permeate throughout the organiz;iUou; for it is the spirit of the blessd Savior who left to the world the Golden Rule which if applied would make us;4Lbettei and truer followers of Him who said: "If you love me feed my Oiiy, Uut. uuti t.uo; i."j)' v months, I f liu.'v IV r: uruv-r-Th- y .i:ye onf ur, 5 cts. ' reil ;i, ir. !rn inc.. of nonp' disoo. A haorul month, (j 2o;3 'Imp!''tn, rum io a. in. to "S.ns'h p. in. 5 Tfro-r!- t evt-ry- - to ill ' PlWUMiKK WOMAN'S KXI'ONKNT, VT Ei-Ure- 3t th, t tKK (fl TV. UTAlf. it Of.cf m Si.'t I ale ity, Utah, as C sheep. ttcon.t'i i.us inMiit . .altLakk City, Junk i a 15, last - ' - j j i " i.SS. THINGS OK INTEREST. - i:-s- 1 pub-lUae-- Ui . - "juielf'Huielc .u ceessh h . "i'FbehrtovTs all wo men to be ali ve to the general good and to know in what way beM. to serve each other ami all mankind. 1 The newspapers of women throughout the land aie indeed, niosl helpful in each locality where thc are published es;eeially, and 'Utah and Salt Lake City should not be behind in this respect. - Utah was the first western territory or state to establish a paper except Oregon, and has done much in .the way of political freedom for women, and her wjmeii have not been bewo-mail- 's hind other sUlesjinjHi muuuu.Mauuing me narusuips ana privations of pioneer, life in a new country. The women of. Utah have acquitted themselves creditably in this respcct.and have shown a con r.igedmost mi surpassed in the obstacles they have had to surmount. In philanthropic work they are second to ucne; their largest and most nourishing -kind.,"" the National Woman's Relief Society ,is known far and wide, at home iuoiir own country, and abroad in other lands, as one of the most successful anaeiiterpriing organizations of women enwork forJheJjeUer-- gaged iu'piiiianthi-opi" Vv e fear the member. iiUiMHtimtrtrtv; do not in many instances, appreciate the of and' the 'benefits to be derived greatness irom this important Society. Sucb great societies ueed printed instructions regularly, hUch as come through, an organ of their own, and should take a pride in aumuimng such a periodical for reliable iufotmatia:i and- historical references in ttf matters pertaining-tthe and advance of the Society as a growth whole wherever the locality may be, that all may. be aware of conditions and heeds and th'tf-by interchange of ideas through the paper a well as in various -- e re-gir- .other wavs d bnutuV A call for a nuiss meeting; to organize permanent State Society of the National fud The daily events now transpiring are Red Cross has been issued, and it is fair to the so much so that one watches of interest, expect that Utah wid bring into the held come in, valiant workers, who will do credit to the bulletins hourly as the dispatches the and an ever restless feeling pervades State and be second to none JiLthe .union in anti men ask active and practical assistance for atmosphere about and around, sympathy in be each other whnt the iiextTiiove will . suffering humanity. of drama occurrences. the The Relief Society conference which had is Although Utah remote from seaports or been talked of for June has been postponed river navigation, yet the same general feeling prevails in regard to naval expeditions until sometime during the - first part of the month, of August next, on account of. the or warfare, and now that the Utah volunteers are really launched upon the Pacific, general confusion prevailing Jhrouhout. irccausc-othe growing sympathy of sentiment will.be.-- . the ca;.fLr:A-oluii;eerforthe war With Spain. come more strongly intensified. .They are. all son;c mother's boys "a nd "one" grows to Due notice will- be given' previous to the understand more fully the tie of kinship conference when the date is decided upon. that binds together those of many faiths We have had the pleasure recently in and creeds. with Sifter Minnie J. Snow of The work of relief that is being done by company the sisters of- the San Luis Stake" visiting women to alleviate suffering caused, by the ot Zion in Colorado, atid attending the commotion causemeut upon the call to of the National Woman's Relief arms, proves how ready woman is to lend Societyfand also Uk-yJy. M. I. A. and" her best energies to any good cause when several ward of the Society, "and emergencies, or even opportunity occurs. were It is a beautiful thing in the human charac- and everywhere hospitably entertained cordially welcomed.Further partial- ter this desire to succor the needy and bind iars or meetings must be up the broken heart and nurse the wounded. in body. Many young woninijJirt;;ul0tIt Prest. jane S. Richards, first anxious to strve those vvho are wounded or ailing from to President Zina I) ..II Young of th Nationof the ills to which men are liable from any al Woman's Relief Society. attejided'the conexposure and change of climate, and so forth. ference of the Relief Society '"of Wasatch As yet there has not been so much in" this Stake on June 3, accompanied by- - Sister way to.be done, it has not yet come 'and umiiy Kichards, and officiated in the reGod grant it may not; but it is of the Stake board, which was organization to know there are brave hearts gratifying and true as rendered nece.ary because of the demise of well as kind that will not shrink when there the late riresident. Sitpr liNtinvH Ur.-.- i nud is need lor prompt and active service in" the one of her counselors, Sister Sarah" H. Cum-- , hospital or on the field Full particulars of the conference Our own ybung Utah women are as mings. ' will be given at a later date. brave as the bravest, and have manifested w "AV- -meir interest bere at home in doing all in ue our , t neir powcr to.. cheer and encourage" thV" -- reauers mat very recently new branches of luuteers as they took their leave of home the National Woman's Relief Societv have anu ineuds, and i,ave ministered in kind :been organized in Denver and Colorado attentions to the troops from other. Springs, and that Apostle John W... Taylor-expectwho places were passing to organize one in Grand through en mute .dor the Junction m the same state coast. soou. very ;We received word today of a branch organized-iuI il-an Diego, Califjrnia. 'just Biennial federation of Clubs We shall publish; to be of particulars these new branches on the 21st very soon. ., will bs.a great opporlnnitv for West- The class '.of trained nurses er uomen, Sunder ;Dr,' many Utah ladies are ex- - ;Margaret C. Roberts are nUli take ia'M Proceed- - heir studio. The classdiligently pufsmrig mt ZMg,uF" numbers 'a tpoUt; !""':-.- Ut:!h qmte a strong State Fed hundred women of suitable andhasb eenablyreprest,ncdhithe rom twenty to forty. They Sieet ure hall of the L. IX S" college, Temple-b-u- l-t ' ma.iy.more can be present at budding Monday, Tuesday nnd its sessions 0lv that it isnearer ' from ten to twelve a The president, Mrs. Martha 11. home m; 'arid rare. a of a new volume, This is the fust the "lCxji;iK nt" having entered upon, its honeLet us ardentlv .vcar. j j .that it may be a more prosperous one than the h st. few have been, ant that the wo. men of Utah in whose interest it is Hi women of the be. more zealous in Mistaininj Cnuiv.li, may their. own oliieial uigau, and. that it may continue to he a source of encouragement to the organizations of women throughout this and other lands. In times such as are now upoirus, when history is being made so rapidly and ..one momentous event- alter another follow in ally hdplul. K.l;!ttlu of-th- e EDITORIAL NOT KS. UTA1UWOMKN AND NKWSPAKRS.- . -- t,t.V-ladies are members Hoard of K nw tian i niverMiy, ana .Mrs W V. Kiter 3irs. .rtnur iuowii, wile f Utah;4 Mrs Annie. M HraJ. ley, editor of the Review ami Dr.- t'ritlle Curtis. Mrs. Luelh M. Rhodes, Mr: L. Lawler and several others will Knvr nn It is conGdently expected- lint a. the 20th. number of Kasteni women will pav Sa'.t Lakea visit when the bVderatiou is "over, and committees have been appointed tn see alter their entertainment, a Lake party and public reception, also a recital in 'the "Taber naclenie being talked ot and will .proo-bl- y be tendered the ladies. r hap's" blessing I -- ike Mr:i. K . Toim McVicker, UtfeVV'i-.- ' ?dvds "ami comforting others, (i';ive - t i.-- (M-:)M,-Si',- - '!: I..' p' !' i 1, t i: ! I ..rt . t M j vr-.s- r, Our sisters hereaiuliuIYliciCLattLtaitcd. ' the 'lvxjK)nent ; zmlZiUi-fh- Editor. - . hall 4 il i'U n ' ; r A :N -- semi-tragi- c t4l-a- thL'-ICas- f, " f s - con-Terenc- e . 'bra-.iche- s - tjjeUarid-arentlTii- gd vice-nreside- nt . . " : f.u 7 : auie-tointo- rm ; ni-t- aa i 's ; ! -- -- :. - ;iathi ; 1 Wed--nea- y Jenninj,, getting on Vm w in 