WOMAN'S EXPONENT. "vlhv to - niicrnvir-c.Wr- : . -- R'qiiqi Naety, und dwell .'at some lengtfj orf il's of love and as a mvaW' prayer by Brother J. the binding . imr -- us rejoice." Opting President Hyde was pleased F. Dorius. with the reports of the various wards. Kn- cauraged the storing of grain, and all good works pertaining to the Relief Society. Sister Annie Hyde was pleased to have-another opportunity of meeting with thesisters of Sanpete, and urged the necessity of a spirit of love' and charity. Sayl that the Spirit of the Lord would, not dwell-where there was strife and contention. Ex- horted the mothers to train their children in Vif ca to become faithful vmw ' "J tlif'V J should D Latter-daAlso referred to the Saints. Prophet Joseph. .. President M. A. Hyde spoke words of comfort ahdblessiug to President Peterson and the sisters in the gift of tongues, which was interpreted by Sister WelLs. . President Peterson said "We are living in an interesting age' of the world, but the is signs of the times indicate that the end near." Also made some remarks on the life of the Prophet Elijah. Klder Andrew Jensen was the next and respeaker. He dwelt upon the duties the sponsibilities of mothers in training in children when the fathers were absent the mission field. Spoke of the danger of allowing scoffers and- unbelievers to -associate Vvitli DU f "children,- and; related a ei rcum-stan- ce of this kind which had come under Eulogized the good his observation. work of the Relief Society. '"Mrs. Annie M. Brown, of Brattleboro, has been appointed by Attorney General .States Attor- Griggs as clerk of the United lie S lepui iiiicnt iu Most of the depositions and other mont. in legal testimony taken stenograplncalty Brattleboro and viciuity for some time past she is has been taken by Mrs. Brown, and ' regarded as fully competent' uviu said we should improve in . - u-n- v y -- - . , . c;cr " - " ' m i1 a . Paid tribute to tioii which has been laid. the sterling virtues and gooil works of bister Elizi R. Snow and others of the aged so and faithful sisters who have labored the Relief Society long. Considered the in the organization of women we ' greatest had world. Was pleased to state that branches of the Relief Society in Chicago, She California, Holland and Scandinavia. the spoke of the necessity of encouraging silk. industry. . we raise to Thee. God "Our Singing Benediction by J. F. Dorius. -- - - 12. SATURDAY MORNING, MARCI1 the sacred Opening hvinn "Softly beams her President M, A. , Hyde expressedladies so many young pleasure at ,t seeing A the nieet- . tr attend tiipm " ti presenc, anum r.v r0i?of 9nr etv. Warned them . moJ ' are amy- - i thp land .tnai against the,evils as a virtue and told them to guard their , .... " s PISSselorbbie.Sho,Tker to. also pleased to see the girls. and to greater faith and humility, he uSd them to teach their childrenfaitK especially principles of the Gospel, child en Said mothers should warn their beset the that against the temptations "e'r shaker. Hyde was the next Annie she She referred to the pleasure before in visi ing experienced the day that the Primary. Said it was nccessiry ht-rMv- rd f jrcsarraw,. anil v , Uni itithls au w... cvrt- liteun 1' - ! subject charity RkSolvfo. That a c'onv f these . solutions be lie would no ,0f binding Satan, as ntfd !o tlie bereaved family, on placed on longer he records of th- Relief Society and one sent to have any influence over the Latter-dar publication. S.dnls. Said there was no dividing line the "Woman's Kxponent'T --vI'lIlLLl $ECKSTKOM letweculheRelief Society and the Young Maiiv A. Jonks, Ladies, that they 'were mother and daiigli- Christrna Holm, Committee. , ttrk Related some incidents which had ov ' cured on President Woodruff's birthday," KSTItHR ANN ROLI SOK. called It is with the deepest regret that notably a. .vision which he had "seen similar bif l0 that 'John the Revelator concerning upon to record the t'eath of our beloveil sister, Esther "Ann RoHson, who died at her home in tie judgments of the last days, American Pork. Feb. 15, 1S9S. Sister Rol son was. Stake Counselor A. L. Cox thanked the born at S ivannah, Andrews Co , Missouri, May young ladles for resmnding to the' invita her 1, 1851, parents were Joseph and Hannah tion to;be present; also thanked the various Pulley. She became the wife of Frank Rolfson by whom she had four children, three of whom surRelief Society presidents lor their promptvive her, two sons and one daughter. Sister ness in responding to every call from the Kobson was a member of the Relief Society for and faith the Stake presidency. Compared many years, and at our last election was chosen and proved .belief of the Latter day Sints with that of one of the board of directors,, ' 8 he was of the always on hand worthy position. the different Christian churches, and by work was do of and whatever share her to willing way of illustration referred to a funeral assigned htr. She was true and faithful to her which she had attended where a Presbyter- convictions and loyal to V e cause she had esExhorted.' the poused, instructing her children in the truth of ian minister had officiated. Gospel; her family are indeed a sisters to renewed. diligence in subscribing the everlasting for hhe was a devoted wife and credit to her. for the 'Exponent," that it "may have ; the mother, and although suffering intensely from necessary support to continue its publication. mat ureau oiscase cancer, Mie never niurinuicu Sister Wells also expressed her pleasure but always had a word of counsel and encourag-men- t for her children, and in her intense sufferSaid at meeting with the- young ladies. unbounded faith in the administration for had ing they could not fail to be .benefited, and said the sickdrom which she always r ceived a ber.eht. that a' spirit had manifested itself in Her loss will be keen y felt by her beloved t crmio InmUiipc n ninnt' hp VOllH J teOI)Ie that daughter uho was untiring in her devotion to her f Society was thie with the, family of Sister Rolfson in their an was u mat aiiugeujci wiuug great loss and trust they will have that comfort tion, but impression and that the experience of the and assistance that can only be found by bowing older sisters was of .great value to the in submission to'the will of our Heavenly Father. FLLKTHF.aiA I). ROIUNSON, younger generation, and that the Relief Ellkn Dark att, other the all of head the at was 'Emma Society Fkatherstone, Comm't'ee. associations. Explained some of the difficulties surrounding the publication of the UTAH HiSTORlCAL SOCIETY.. "Exponent" unless it was liberally patiir her of some Gave" ronized. experiences dwelt upon and The following constitute the officers aud early Relief Society work, the necessity of the Relief Society owning board, of control of 'the Utah Historical crain. Said that jt Society: nrnrxntvJ nnd storincr Franklin D.' Richards, president; T r o was very necessary that the sisters pray lor Isabella Cameron Rrovvn, Kreat re Jerrold R. Letcher, recording secretary; ,., .mmil?n rr ennm t H:;in..,,....l sponsibilities. President Hyde blessed the congregation tary; Jewis S. Hills, treasurer; Antoinette with a mother's blessing, and urged the B. Kinney, librarian, and Joseph Geoghe-gau- . Electa Bullock, C. C. (Voodwin, R. C. "young sisters to be diligent in the things of Shurtliff, II. W. Lavvience. the Gospel. Lund, L. Pmcuipnt Pftpnn said he had been more G. W. Thatcher, Joseph T. Kingsbury and interested in the teachings of the sisters than John T. Came The1 standing committees are: ever, hoped they would xome again soon. MembershirR. W.Youug, John Henry-SmithSaid the sisters bad built up the kingdom of Emma J. McVicker, H, G. Whit- is much as the brethren, and the aswives a great .ney.and Angus M. cannon. the missionaries were performing W. Livvrence. and MpnTK-llfxv MUV4 work as the missionaries themselves. Felt tMJ 'VMw tirv that he could talk for hours if time would John,E. Dooly, Hebcr J. Grant, Robert C. Lund and G. W. Thatcher. permit. Conference adjourned for three months. Printing and RublishingJohn T. Caine, C. C. Goodwin, John Q. Cannon, Alfales Benediction by President reierson. Soi'liu Jensen, Act. Sec. Young and B. F. Cummings Jr. Library ana Museum iai m. u'rig nam, Spencer Clawson, Emmeline B. Wells, IN MEMORIAM. George Q. Coray and Chris Uiehl. Grounds, Buildings and Property-r-Heb- er U AKTH X PETE R S ON H OLM; I?'Wells7"RrtN7Baslcm. A. O. Smoot, of daughter Peterson Holm, Martha Sister . Klias A. Smith and Charles R. Savage. was born March Peter and Mari Ane Christesen, She and AddressHistorical Papers lectures, emigrated to 21, 1849, in Hvtter, Denmark. Holm Andrew to T.. es married Kingsbury, Harry C. Hill, Joseph Utah in 1873, and was at Lake Ellen B. Wi Hard Done and C. at Salt Lake City Nov ir, 1873 and lived Ferguson, of her death, time Shore where she resided at the in the Relief W. Penrose. March 0, 1S98. She waa teacherLatter-daX F. Whitney, Aquilla Memorials Samt Society of Lake Shore, a faithfulall who knew her. and was toved and respected by five childrenfour Nebeker, Eurithe K. La Barthe, Joseph Sh leaves a kind husband and Geoghegan and Alexander C. Bishop. loss. her mourn to son daughters and one Special1 Committee on Historical Jubilee ' RESOLUTIONS OF .RESPECT. . Relics, etc John Q. Cannon, Heber M. iriic" AtrktrPtfp R. Kinnev. Sneucer Heavenly Father has seen fit to Whereas, Our be it Clawson, Edward F. Colborn, Elien. B. take from our midst one of our. sisters, members and Resolved. That we the officers do extend our Ferguson and H. G. Whitney. .of theReliefSQcieJy of LakeShore ; prt-s- t - j j j we-ar- e " hfi-rsel- f . . - -t- he-Relief. . . - -- ' 1 . 1 vice-presiden- Sister-ZiiiaJn- t; gas " , . , - f 7 : y 0 . - 