t.li WOMAN S ' . , , J i n fi uer.ee I'-- ' 'i r? m a iters" pe rt a i n i n g lake City, Utah. one copy six months, Onus; or..? copy one year-- t.oo; clubs. No reduction .m.t'ie lor City papers, delivacts. ered by rra.l, extra for-- obtage one year, 5 ct. rlvertisir'j: rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil p ire one tune' f i. 50; per month,' f 3.00. A liberal advertisers. reg-ilaTeno-n!- e Kxponknt office, Koorn 208 Templeton, South Streec. Musness hours From 10 a. m. to 3 p. m. every day, except Sund iy. Address ill business communications to in S:Jt y. ' -- f dis-cJ'i- at r PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, Salt Lake City, Utah. ,.tft.t J ' l' ht - ttCtilJ'ClMt rrt.tnit SaLTLAKR st 'lf.it in Sxtt l ake City, Utah, ai . OtY. ' tronrtinn wel mrp:i:'l hers', of the. two scml-mo.uihl- the NoVEMHI-.- I K 15, 189S. orgaiizationrtne Nu .R. S. and the Y. L. N. M I. A.,' that are affiliated 'with the National Council i think it of little consequence and are lyJrdly sulfici-entlinterested to make themselves f.uni liar with the standing of the National Council, but if they could appreciate ns those do who kno.v concerning the matter, they would rejoice that such opportunities' of enlargement had opened for the women of these associations, whose work has been for years given njng the lines of uplifting and activity in all .and awakening that tends to the betterment of the condi: tions of life in the hoaie, in society, inihe state and in the. world at large "Woman's hour has struck" there is no It is every where apdenying.Jhat truth parent and the time is hastening on when tliA women of this region will be able to prove the great intellectual and moral as well is spiritual strength that has come to them through the forces operating in their behalf to fulfill the prophecies that have been made in years gone by with regard to this chosen land. It is the intention of the writer at the earliest possible opportunity to try to set forth in an article devoted to the purpose and merits of the National Council, its bearing upon women, society, reform and all the great agencies that move the world. ThcUtah women who went toattend the N C.W. executive session were Sisters Jane S. Richards, K. B. Wells,' Maria Y. Dougall, Minnie J. Snow,Susa Young Gates, Josephine R. West and Margaret A. Caine. The first business session opened Monday morning October 2, at, 10 a. m., at which time after preliminaries, roll call, minutes and financial statements,, questions of im portance were considered and discussed. "Shairthe next triennial which is to 1. be convened in 1899, sit in two houses?" "Shall the National Council of Wo2. men of the United States unite in recommending an amendment to the constitiitioji "ofllieI TTternalionaTUounci I ofWomen , the object of which shall be to secure a more; direct representation of the work and interests of the separate organizations belonging to a national council in the International OFFICIAL NOTICK. annual business meeting At the of the National Woman's Relief Society held in the Assembly. Hall in this city on .Monday,"- October 3, at 2 p. m., after considerable discussion of the financial question how to provide'- ways and means for expenses, Mrs. Zina Young Card suggested that a day be sel apart for a gathering of the Society and that each member pay on that particular clay ten cents, and mentioned one or two important dates; it was finally decided to hold this gathering March 17, and the following motion was made by Mrs. Julina L. Smith and seconded by Mrs. Klizabeth J. Stevenson and others. Mrs. J.L. Smith's motion was that the 17th day of March in each year (commemorating the day of the first organization of the Society in. 1842) be set apart for a gathering of the local Society in each ward in such way as the respective society decides, and as seems suitable to its circumstances; that each member pay into the treasury ten cents on that da to assist in defraying the necessary expenses of the General Board in the ie--i not J'orkoJLtbeSDei;ty-by the president and carried unanimously by the members present at the meeting. On the following day at the regular l meeting of the board of directors a majority of the members being present in person, the motion made at the general meeting on the day previous by Mrs. Julina L. Smith who offered the motion repeated it for the approval of the Board. Mrs. Zina I). II. Young, president of the Board, stated the motion, which Jiad been seconded by several members and it was carried unan imously. Zina D. H. Young, (Signed) v President. R-gul.- -- 3-- 1 ttm-wasT- hemi-anntia- jnr . . all were invited. We noticed Mr.and Mrs. Dougall and daughter, Mrs. Minnie' J. Snow, Mrs. Susa Young Gates and others. It was held in the parlors of the Church and was a very brilliant social affaii. The decorations were pink and white ro.ses and chrysanthemums, refreshments dainty ices and cakes. Everything was in elegant style aud excellent taste, there was nu yet many brilliant costumes were worn and jewels flashed here and there conspicuously. Tuesday morning at 9.30 executive session, discussion after business on the resolution considering the care of dependent and defective children, and whether there should, be a standing committee for that purpose, also a resolution opposing the plan purutd by many institutions that breaking .up families by removing the child- - from the home and putting additional burdens upon the, community is not the best method, but if not possible on account of environment etc. to keep mother and child together.ptece children in families instead of public inst. over-dressin- g itutions. resolutions brought 'out many thoughts and several able women spoke with much tender feeling, and it seemed to be the opinion of the majority th3t the si d ereci as settledlhat there-- be Hjuest a standing committee on this subject. The afttrnoon ,was taken by the luncheon g.ven by the Local Jewish Council, of which will be found in another ' . column of this issue. The eveniug session was given to fraternal delegates with five minutes response from each and reports of ten minutes fronr organizations affiliated withhe Council, alter which there were addresses of thirty minutes on Total Abstinence, Purity aud Woman Suffrage and Society's Duty to the Scarlet Won a i. This subject was dealt with by Mrs. Kate WallerBarrett, whom our readers will remember paid us a visit last year, and who is orie of the most magnetic and. fascinating women who has ever graced a public platform, and is intensely in. earnest upon this subject. H er "speech from first to last, Was a lofty and sublime appeal to air women to lift the fallen whenever and wherever possible and not forget the These - ton-ter- -co 1 1 an-accou- Council?" - ' pi 1 i and International Exposition which most of the Utah people attended, , - - Trans-Mississipp- . Trars-Mississip- with five minutes response. Mrs. Jan.-- " S. Kiqhards presented in a very tt modest and. pleasant manner abritf grett' . R.S.,anc told ot some of ing from the the work of the Society. Mrs. Maria Y. Dougall in a liappy and characteristic manner spoke for. the young ladies in a fr choice words, rhythmically arranged and dearly. delivered. Utah may well be proud of he women, both in appearance and the manner of presenting subjects before an audience. A reception was given the same evening by the Woman's Department of the cil,- . ;ught On these questions those who represent' d the two organizations affiliated with the Council had the opportunity to speak. Mrs. Jane S. Richards, proxie for the president of the' National Woman's Relief Societv and Mrs. E. B. Wells, the delegate, also Mrs. Maria Y. Dougall, proxie for the president of the Y. L. N. M. I. A., and Mrs. Minnie J. Snow, the delegate At 3 p. m. Monday fternoon was the' " Kmmklini: B AVklls, formal opening of the Council. Prayer by the Rev. Gerard Andrews and Secretary. an address of welcome by M rs Sa wyer, president of the Woman's Department of the .VISIT TO OMAHA. International Hx posiwhich "was one of the best and most tion; a classical addresses we have ever heard, and NATIONAL COUNCIL OF WOMEN. the reading of it was like It is known perhaps to most of our read- Response by Mrs. .May perfect music. right Sewall ers that mie Utah. women' went to Omaha theof National .president Council, who to attend the executive sessions of the souuded the of the deptjiscf the-National Ccut.eii of the Women" of the Council idea inkeynote such a lofty and practical United States. It is not, however, widely manner as. to awaken woevery thoughtful known how important body Jhe;Nalional man to and call fbr theunlimited ? activity vCouricib4.cohsisiTig oT "great National reserve force in carrying forward the purAssociations, each of which wields' a large poses of this magnificent organization. In, I N.-W- y inter-mountai- n T of orcsidents and d fare of this great nation. . ., ; Wanyof iub:::,hJ td ' ! I blessedSavior's example when He said, "Go and sin no more," aud to insist upon one standard of morality-fo- r both sexes. Wednesday, October 29, 9 30 a. m.; was occupied by ten minutes reports from organizations in the'Coiincii: The first Ciyer was by Mrs. Minnie J." Snow, delegate of the Y.L.N.M.I.A., who presented the work cm the highest inteHectualatici spiritual plane, and gave to the themeei own lofty 1- - 