W OM A N 'S w.- ", - ' - V. ' ' ; I ' 2-- 5 .! coiiierence wm rcieiy talker! or lor June lias Ix c2xi-.Lrat"until sometime, ihtrinff, thn . ........ month oi August next,- on account of the vumuMUii picvaxmig ighout'; tue West as well as the hast,. oi the call fcr volunteers for the war with Spain, Due notice will be iven previous to the conference when the date is decided upon. a EX PQ N K N T . iiii.Kfiit.-- under new business President lelt it the mothers and srrandnHJtliersraYrd; o . J of. the sonsbe Council.; would not our that called .arnc4y', meeting .. .... ,.,, .V"'1 :r liiinl'rv'rmrtMuo i!..,..r,i witv iw luui .t. hi ,.... viv.ijv.iU4 in....4i)i nnjiiiuij, tit, ,mu n liiey discussion followed. The Curfew b.w was would be presei ved, testified that God did discussed and o'n motion of Lydia D. Alder hear and answer prayers and felt that Presi-- , was laid over lor furtner consideration; j uynt McKiuley was very wise in hiking the ' seconded by Mrs. IC. B- Wells and carried. ; course he had. A very. .nleasinj and interestine paper on Youmr Sister Armeda of- tearhim' I o snoke wTt It l i Prances Elizabeth Willard was read by our children to be instead of Mrs. E. B. Wells. One on Kmile Zola byj the reverse, knew thefe was much responsi- Tin: ladies of this city arc working dili- TTf'Tftl kTi ?ii Inll wn listen. tn v.Mt1 Jiilitv 'ivtii:.r hiuhi t1. titl-.i-rcA poem by LyUia I) Alder V deep interest. $itcr Maria Nebeker said that God had l? VL r .......... ....... - n nurn vmn i! Hicmnt'i" promised to be a husband to. the widow, sooii as possible to organize permanently a excelmade this she had seen literally-fulfilledsome President Pratt in her Red Gross Society to become auxiliary to timely. situaown case. Spoke of the war and said God lent remarks on the Spanish-Cubathe National Red Cross Society. The tion and the causes given in history leading had promised to fight our battles, felt if our P. is Mrs. and tem Riter, J. president pro to the present trouble, referring particularly young men were called out they would be there is a secretary, corresponding secre- to Spanili tyranny and cruelty. Kdith R. looked alter as. they were in olden times. a and until act treasurer to tary .appointedrr the hands of the Lord, Lovsey was excused from giving a paper on Said we were all-i.. i r. a..so ..n is enecieo, and prayed He would look down in mercy periuaiieui organiauun j AJf j Auslin ptKt pllfrc:ltL. 0f yjlind ' exeeuue cuniuiiuee wao aie aaiuuu.eu iu us. .. The program was presented for next meet upon caH1 to their aid such other assi' tints as are Dr. E. S. Barney spoke of a meeting she ing, minutes read, corrected and approved, necessary for the work in hand! attended of sisters and after the meetand piayer' ofiered by Klla W. Hyde, P.' C. for May 31, ing many of them came up to her for a Program of U. W. Tin; committee of. ladies having in Patriotic original sentiments on blessing, and how the Spirit, of the Lord charge the entertainment given- - for- - the 1S9S. the-wabenefit of the Utah volunteers have issued war. Short talk on- Alfred Austin, Kdith was poured out upon her, also spoke on Spoke of patriarchal blessings, urged the following card of thanks: "To "all Lovsey,- The Red Cross, Annie W. Can- . wno s(j generously assisted ootn oy worK: non. Royal family. of Spain and the pres-.- the sisters to have them and said theie'was Lueila Rhodes.' Current virtue in them. Spoke oi faith, said we and donations, among those who should be eut generals, s should cultivate it more than we did and the letters scut from prominently, mentioned are the following: events, including organizations concerning the war, made, many instructive remarks. The Hon. Meber J. Grant, for the use oC Sister Annie T. Hyde felt, impressed to the Salt Lake Theater, and to the attaches; and a mother's letter whose son was killed, read the 9SU1 section of the Doctrine and also to Mr. Mulvcy for the kind offer of the on the Maine, Mary J., Lambert. M. A. J. Lamb'kkt, Sec. Covenants, felt it was applicable to the presGrand Opera House for the same purpose; ent time and thought. President McKiuley to i t fircf-Twtnfni- ? 1 .- -- - h,-iu- aj he-caus- e 1 1 7r 1 rejrttl, i f i I I , j . j - I - I ; "'' s' peace-maker- - 1 I . a- T - . . , n . '. n . - - , wo-men'- . . - the Union Light and Power company; the several bauds for their music; tiie Kuignts ot rytlnas oanu, iieiu s 'band, Weihe's orchestra, the Grand orches-- . .to soul-inspirin- -- had unknowingly carried out this plan. MEETING. Felt that every mother who prayed earnestLADIES ly to the Lord that her son would be preserved from harm if he were pressed into Minutes of the Ladies meeting held in the 14th ward Assembly service,- would have her prayer ensweredr- Sister Clara C. Cannon bore a strong Singing hall, Saturday, April 16, 1S9S. "Oh say what is truth." Prayer by Sister testimony, felt impressed that our sons Margaret P. Young. Singing "0, my would not be called upon for active service, we neul not fear for the Lord was with us J. Stevenson preFather." Counselor sided. The minutes of the previous meet- and would continue to bless us, felt to rejoice through it all and prayed the Lord ing were unavoidably omitted. Sister Stevenson expressed her regret at would .bless every mother and give her g SEMI-MONTHL- Y ' Semi-monthl- tra; to the Salt Lake Opera company, Orpheus club, and Christensen's band; to the Misses Hmma Lunt and Lucile Jennings; to the press for their generous assistance; the Icserct News, Tribune and Herald; Ackerman Printing company; Utah Lithov graphing company; Reporter Printing r J I AWstprn Rill Postimro comcanv: ' New y - , . com-mn- 1 ThlitericeiMrcskleii Ioriie;uLgedLpace Salt Lake Street. Railway company; Lounselor ivlrzabetn weno knew we; the sister to pray that all things might' be merchants who gate so liberally, Walker were greatly blessed that we could meet for good iu.Jhese troubloustimes, Bros. Dry Goods company,' Z. C. M. .1.; F. our young men were called out to here in peace when all is strife and war Auerbach & Bro.; Spencer Clawson; H. thatif from harm outside, felt our sons would be preserved, war they Dinwoodev Furniture "company; Lace we for the Lord's care was over us. Testified . though l Thomas; ilie' fReferred !0rlir latte fffence House, Cohn Bros; 1 i. a good one w here that there was a mighty power in prayer, had ncyer.before Syndicate; Evans the lorist; L. F.Hammel so mucn made many beautiful remarks and urged gooa instruction was given. Domestic Laundry; for advertisiirjto the Sister Carrington prayed that the sons of the sisters to be faithful in their Relief and the sold the who ladies badges; young Zion might be preserved in these trying Society labors, it would benefit them. ' boys who assisted with the decorations.. times. A sister in the congregation who was a Mrs. William Rigby of the Seventh ward Sister Hannah Wright felt it" was good stranger said she would feel condemned if of this city having heard of7 the .work by forus to meet together, ' knew we would she did not express her feelings. Although the ladies committee handed in $5.00 for have a good'meeting, spoke upon the war a stranger in. our midst she could feel the the cause. If an' who.ybave so cries and expressed her fears, but said the same sweet spirit that always attends such aid in this patriotic movement Lord had promised that "there should be meetings. should- - have been overlooked in makjag Counselor Stevenson felt .we had had a in Zion." this public acknowledgement, we trust they peace Sister Brixen spoke of her enjoyment 'of very enjoyable and beneficial ' time, made will pardon the committee and realize that the felt very thankful for this sorue closing remarks, and meeting adconference, behalf their work has been appreciated and felt that if our young men were called journed for two weeks by singing "Satan's and one we thank of the Ladies committee, out to war the ones who kept the word of empire long has flourished," and benedicall who so noolyr respondeawisdom would be preserved. Said she was tion by Sister E. S. Taylor. Zina H. Bull, Sec. going away to gather her genealogy, prayed that she might be blessed in going .and U. W. P. C. .Minutes ot the Ladies' bore a strong testimony. z1 ward Asse'mbly Sister Mary Ann Hardy spoke of reading meeting held in the 14th met acThe ladies of the U. a grand ball May 14, 1S98, President Home presidand what Voice of in Warning, the, to cording adjournment April "Lord we come good teach-ing- , ing. Opened by singing the "Woman's Exponent" office, President book it was and the amount of before Thee now." Prayer by Counselor ' in was there B. jt. Pratt Opening Romania, presiding. C. Cannon. Singing "Happy souls Sister Julia C. Howe lelt very tlianklul Clara R. Shiop. Roll call re- nmver ,bv Dr. Ellis in tbe Gospel, who pray." The secretary being absent" Lp7h tr, hv ' mmftions from noted; for the privileges- she enjoyedand Sister Lydia D. Alder was called to act in the knew quoted very great, AmericarTwomen theyvere that capacity. 'The; minutes of the previous XTToder-iinfinishebusiness President Pratt Bible in reganUo war wherein it said that meetiny Present were read and approved. .the wicked. Said ) ifor(To rot a Pain l,d lwn ah- - "the wicked should-sla- y on the stand of the general board of the Re- rather for than, war, peace pointed delegate to the Council of Woman's we siiould pray to-4h- t- -J e . over-rule- d migui-ue-Pic.lm- " at - v ' . - kindly-rendere- d . .In - , 1. --Semi-monthly WP.C. 30,-189- " 8, ! ! w ! - " r. 