WOMAN'S s. AND P. A. REPORTS . ,.., ' KXlONRNY and in nil other tending their meltings . t llltl.C VlfiTXfVf rr.' ..,...,1.1 .. vM.,.i,t rMv.'v"i fh,, ,vra ..! cms luvrv-wuuw l.T .1..... . I T ivixii. y.UATCii i -- . OJufereuce H 61 Wasatch Stake convened in the Stake house at Heber on June" 2, iSyS, at 10:30 a.. Mi5luUsofameetniglicldiiahe j.. ifeulcnl Ijtiilsay staivu that in conse- - m. "Down by i Meeting 6jened i. ,vnrd meeting mmsc nUence of the nt's ,Wh tht Relief verdant 'side."Prayer was at Wardboro w..s disorganized but the river's ofco'.'.l.letini; K Relief Society organs. Society 1 resent Brother Joseph Muidock.. The . . Showed offered, by the ward, May. 12, ibA M Isa- - Ultir meai s wcre t,):ltinued sang" "God. moves in a mysterious nnVu- - stand were Stake I 're sident the .necessity (lf thc havillL, goodf choir,n -i 1,1 vli. .".vimnlllL'- MM,,, r.OI X wav jvui t h t our mav.te irranaiu-substantial oraili -- bei" ........ officers present. On the stand were f tii,. Tticiif.nV saved for a time of needtJwc are instructed teen Alexander. ol the Stake presi also Christian.-!!, 3T"i it can Sister Sarah. tlrat linn J and. James to.savtLilour, itJ:i-lCvi- iJane S. Richards of Ogden; jlv-nrSSranKimball, Harriet A: be kept in good conditi u jroven for many years, dencyr'Presidcnt ol the National wofirst and Mary K, Gray of the' F.fteeuth gave much valuable instruction.' and asked man's Relief Society; Sister Emily S. Richthe all. the of Lord blessing upon " m' ards of Salt Lake City, and presidents' of President order to called by was to ( thin President James H. Hart felt, thankful the various branches of the Society in the been set had who Margaret Nightingale, live in a day when w man occupied the Stake; there were also present President for a high and lofty position God designed Abiam Hatch and counselors; Bishops Duke for the her. We must all la!) r together gam and Hicken of Heber, and Bishop Mur-docT of Charleston, besides many other accomplishment of His purposes, there is sisthe no exaltation except there is union, , Diuuiv.1 members of the Church. , President iMargaicu .uuu-Ll- c ters who are appointed to 'preside-ovethe prominent A report was given fro i each of the folthe of meeting. different organizations are called of God and lowing, branches in the Stake. Heber East, explained the object said Home lobelia Stake President M. should be respected in those positions. We Heber West, Midway, Wallsburg, Charles instructhe arc dependent upon our Heavenly Father ton, Woodland and Center; each of these forthe benefit of those present at Smith given for all the wisdom ve receive, and all was reporteoVas being in good condition. tion. f the Prophet Joseph at Relief Society - the -- organization ...of the the reports Sister Sarah Alexye. receive here and expect to things Following Nauvoo would be read. hcieafter, through the holy priesthood ander spoke for a short tir.lcv then Presifollowed. then The enrollment of members we receive nearly every blessing; it should dent Jane S. Richards of Ogden addressed" for chose President Margaret Nightingale be honoced and respected. She said she was pleased to the meeting.en and hi her counselors Catherine Keller "Sweet is the work my God my see so many'present and to hear such good Hymn wiai in was susiameu whom of Bu'ht each c.Meyting adjourned until. 2 o'clock. reports from the various wauls and hojK;d King." Mower Ellen members. of the office by vote E. C. Kutch. the same spirit would accompany, her reBenediction Bishop by and Mary as secretary was nominated called to order at 2 p. m. by marks that the previous speaker, had poswas Meeting sustained treasurer,' both being Howell-a- s President Julia Lindsay. Singing. "Now. sessed.- She referred to the humility of our ; ia that officii we ll Prayer "by Savior as he Wtut among tiie poor, ana our to their set then were apart Thc--e officers work of the redemption of "An angel from grand Elder Singing Quinton. the offices in. the following order by Sacrament was then adminis- dead, encouraged the sisters. in their good Tohn Bond and James on high." M0 God Works and instructed them in regard to choir the which sang tered, during Catherine Keller and Ellen the Eternal Father." The statistical and their duties in this .important Society. Christiansen: President Abram Hatch spoke for a short Butstl counselors; Ellen Mower, secretary; financial report for thp year ending Dec. time expressing his appreciation of the good Mary Ho wells, treasurer. read by tjie secretary. was 1897 3r, and encouragAfter the business was finished instruc M. Hart said it required a reports that had been given L. Counselor tions were given by the following speakers. the sisters to continue in the good work. ing address a' to congreof deal energy Coungreat President Sarah M. Kimball, Stake Sister Emily S. Richards, of Salt Lake, knowla lor felt grateful M. like.this, gation selor, Annie T. Hyde, Stake President of this work, we have followed with a few appropriate remarks, the of divinity edge James Isabella Home; of the Bishopric, also instructing the sisters in regard to their faithfulness. to us stimulate to duties in the Societv and advising them. nM riuichann and Tohn Bond; and President everything 10 negjeci us tor was lolly it Said great " Margaret Nightingale. have the proper . Meeting was ciosea uy oerishinc: things of the earth,. their- time that each might for the titirm . we raise to Thee." Benediction by iJrotner attention. never attended our sacrament meetings .had be would who those The choir sang "Let James Christiansen. withinfluence sacred the of and partaken Saints indeed." Benediction was offered Sarah A. Prick, Act. Sec. An important out receiving strength. are by Bishop N. C. Murdoch of Charleston, who those is to mission STAKE. help of our LAKE BEAR part after, which meeting was adjourned until 2 woman's be, may whoever .they need in m. Minutes of the Relief Society conference is being extended, she .is making p. a r. 1 f . ,t., n.rlm . frplinrrr, WflS Called QaQ sphere f XXI ICl HWli y, helcim bt. Uiiarles sunuay, in many branches of eduadvancement rapid at p. m., the choir sang and. Meetingcalled to order at n a. m. by cation Said that every branch should be to orderwas '2 offered by Brother Robert Luid-sayAfter singing, make not prayer President Julia Lindsay. does who reported and a president The choir sang"Come all ye Saints." H. President James offered of the was branch Society by prayer her have to effort ' an Kmilv S. Richards said she had ;utpr confeieuces Hart. Singing "We hank Thee 0, God at these represented twice a year Uever refused to speak' when called- - upon for a nrooket." Roll called, Stake officers is not" worthy of that position. 01 age. Rebranchvarious Pork since she was twenty .years of the officers Thomas the present fivej ' ' Cook reported Saints Latter-daSister the of ferred to the unity es five. . Relief Society. aids to and to the good influence at these meetings, the of President Lindsay addressed the sisters. one Bagley,. of children and Sister Mary next speaker. spoke of the proper, training She. said the Relief Society presidency had the was the Stake presidency, it. a the sisters to go to the Lord for advised to been able to visit but few of "the branches great privilege said she esteemed in all things, alluded to some of guidance been has this season, but intended to do so in the She the Gcspel this day when benefits derived from the sisters going the our to and near future. blessings, grateful Felt very estored with air its gifts to the perfect trials to endure on missions and referred His mercy for Father Heavenly many have we may Church. hough of God. the Spirit us, sometimes she found that she comforted by ve are President Jane Sljtichards was pleased de- benefits was not as grateful as she should be. the and such interest at some length upon The verbal report? were as follows: St. ri?ed from attending our meetings and to see so many present taken in these meetings, advised the being sisters. uiarles by President Uallaway; with our their wheat and - sisters to be careful with ton by President Peterson; Montpelier by Lindsay spoke very impressivesave it case there should come a famine, to the sisters; President Hoganson; Bennington was reof importance inSn some instruction in regard to conduct- a had gave who ofGod uponPresident Lindsay Julia ported by anKoked the blessing and the Relief Society meetings and prayed in the ing .it fbund and read Visited approved, the Society all. recently minutes were for the . blessing cf the Lord to rest upon con- and s go.d condition. TrlCltlttO" flirt f..1i Lord i 4Unlr Reigneth" choir sang "The President natcn ieit iu immiv Jane President . was Dingle T??"-reported by was fnr tv.pir nresence and instructions at adjourueu frrence n. exhorted the sisters to .Plainer-nraveresident I Spaiks who-alsnaiu, the conference, exhorted the sisters to teach by j. teach by example, it is better than precept. at-- Wyoiing people IHouHWiaithM iti lent. .uuw ridt - by-singin- - , )t- sirs ; s i.-nt- UK- - - r- ; -- " -i: vice-preside- nt ( " k 1 1 j-- -v - . A r re-ce- - ne - " - - -- - sing-with- one-accor- w-th- d;"- . siub - - ' "f" iy --k y T . ' , y -- or-ftT- ip that-surround- s ; iSlelt -- 1L-Th- e "- - -c o r . r-r . 1 - yb . 