mM , A ui.u ' Vol. ii ii 77 the Hands i AM ni i 26.. ; ir . of the I lib: v CONTENTS: Strong TestimonyJane Occurrence Phebe J. A Ired. Williams. Mary F. White. Madame Mountfo d. An'Evenin? with "Musings and Memories" E lis R. Shipp. The Oeofan. The California Mission -I- da M, SarlL ILW.'P. C. Relief Society Ladies' Semi., Abby A. Pigott. monthly Meeting. In Memoriam. R. S. and P; and Hal '' A. Reports. ' Editorial: T' e War Cry. ; .. Hut God has taught us A Sad A New Granary i II ' I 11 11 II I Vomen of Utah should be a Power to better the Home, the State SALT LA K Ii CITY, UTAH, MARCH A u ii 11 ;. . betur, surer it APRIL 15 V, ii llrf i t l : i I TP and the Nai.vii. Nos. 20 iSgS. & 21 . complied with its principles. ways; I remember how the .remarks of the if we ohcy His ouiers and comni;inds, 1 IK therwi Elders would impress themselves upon my us how to win His cause, God ne'er fo sakts, if mm ill just believe, mind, wh'.-refering to the restoration of Have faith and trust and work along with Him, the Gospel and its gifts and blessings. And then in time His cause is sure to win,. What faith tni" men have, I thought. They If we'll but ke p our shou der to the wheel, promise me every blessing my heart has desired for so many years past if I " will, go With )itience work until God sees the time down into the waters of baptism and reIbir. come, when we sha victory proclaim. ceive 1 remission ol my sins. I'ut'never loseour a i t and cease to work; They then Fcr that would but delay the happy day, promise me the Holy Ghot by the laying When e can shout and make the whole air ing,' on of hands, which shall le my instructor and comforter thnutgh life. These trreat Glo y to (iod, our righteous cause is won. tt-ac- h n 1 F. Marion Craw- Editorial Notes. and Daughter N. Never DePoetry: Sister S. Martha Lippincott. Moanings L I). spair To Sister Thee R. M. F to Farewell Alder, L. M. Halt Nancv A'lred ford. - ! . and glorious jwrni.-- deserve my strict attention. This w t s the fut time in my life I Moo(wi,. J. had ever leen jn'inil the Mine blessings: and privileges thai were enjoyed by the Former-daA STRONG: TESTIMONY. Saints, and I assure you my I almost ftared the heart leajK'd for joy I promises too great to true; but totlay I Editor Woman's Exponent:. have a testitnony which I have received in the "Woman's from God in consequence of my throwing After reading tlie of goodness of our Heavenly aside my pride and oleying the sacred prinleather manifested towards the women of ciples of Ihe Everlasting Gospel. The Utah, it causes my heart to long lor the power of the Priesthood manifested under time to come when I can be with them and the hands of His authorized servants upon enjoy the same blessings. The Saints here my little children has been sufficient to conin England enjoy man blessings for which vince the whole world, if they would but they aire very thankful, but- - they k"noy lay aside their prejudice and seek the Spirit there are blessings in Zion that they cannot of the Lord to guide them into the only ' have here. true path of life and salvation. for I remember of being so low in sickness I belonged to the Church ofinEnglandweak on one occasion that the doctor had my thirty years, and endeavored I did not given me up to die, but the Elders came in way to follow out its teachings. have a strong enough foundation for my and laid hands upon me, and before their faith, and hence it was too weak to bring hands were tken off my head all swelling rjain-JefNot me. me iov and haoniness. I remember liowI. disnnreared-and-t- j j used to ponder over in my mind the time of sniany weeks ago my husband met with a our beloved Savior and His Apostles, and serious accident while at work in the coal wonder to myself why we were .not privi- pit, some of his bones being squeezed out of leged to enjoy the same blessings that they place. People who saw him and underenjoyed in those days. How strange Is it stood what he had passed through expossible the Savior woujd bestow, upon His pressed themselves as believing him to be children in those days all these promised in such a condition that he would never be blessings and then neglect us who are just able to work any more. Aeain the power' as devoted as they were ? These thoughts of the Lord was manifested. Just as soon often passed through my mind and caused as he was brought home the Llders laid me to entertain the idea that the church I their hands Upon him and anointed him had belonVed to for so long was not identi with oil; in a week he was back at work cal with the Church Jesus established while again. I joined the Church of Jesus Christ of here UDon the earth. Latter-dafeel Saints in the year 1880, and dur- In consequence of this I began to time all the blessings promised me unsettled and wondered why such should Hng-th- at I then began to read and by the Elders whom I hrst .met nave oeen be the case. pray, that I might learn something more of granted, the true church of Christ, and for over tvvd May, the blessings of the Lord shine upin on the women .of Utah, , and make them years I went "from church to church search of the one that most resembled the bright and shining lights is the prayer of Your sister in the Gospel,, one established by the Savior. I continued ' ' ' Jank Williams. doing this until I became almost discouraged ProviLancashire; England, Feb. 28, 1898.--' but am thankful to say the hand of dence was over me, and I was led to a famSaints who invited me to goal in England and Wales now ily of-- Latter-daEvery inan to led attend their meetings. This has a Discharged Prisoners' Aid Society a arid in vestigation of what they taught, working in connection with it. all for reason short time T learned the great The Real Trouble. When her Majes-tthe different sects of Christianity being void the Oueen was at Balmoral some time and blessings" that characterof I learned of ago she visited an aged cottager, and on ized the .Primitive church. 1 nope, oe no the great apostacy that had swept over the leaviner said. "You will now, afraid of me, and I shall expect you earth, and how the Lord in consequence of longer me a visit." "Ah ma'am," the old this had taken from the midst of His people to pay "its not yersel' I'm mcnu the everlasting Gospel and all the gifts and woman replied, : those who ered at; it's tliem gran' servants 1" blessings which were enjoyed MAKTHA SHKPARI) LlrPINCOTT.' - For the Exponent. ' . SISTER AND DAUGHTER. y Within the compass of these magic words, What thoughts will crowd, and stir within the heart ! Sweeter in tone tharr instrument or birds, Although their tones oft bid rich echoes tart. For there is music m a sister's name," "And in her acts affection is enshrine( Beloved at home, is all such ask of fame, Where every wish and dream is intert Aided ! Projects and loves and secrets not a few, Are-- i terchanged, yet sacred as is meet; No friend though o il.no change how fresh or new, Within the heart f';nds welcome half so sweet. In infant years and childhood ever near. Sisters yet daughter , claiming mother love, -- YVh a n life so dear,. M Or ho so looked for in the wor d above ? tes-atHer- ak r,-w- hat Kx-ponen- t" he 1 For mother, sister in that dorious sphere, Preserve thou sacred ties which Love doth weld, And heaven wou d be no heaven, I sadly fear, If deathless circles ne'er the loved ones held ! Part of our life we grow together here, Sisters and daughters, mother one, yet three, And through eternal ages, it is surely clear, ! ' Wherever on'e is, the rest will wish to be God has implanted in the depths profound, That germ divine which links each soul to Him, And loving makes us worthy to be crowned, Amid that glorv Ages cannot dim ! ! N. 1 1 t X ! - . y NEVER DESPAIR. Wokk o:i e'en though the way be dark and drear And eavy clouds around us gathering, Cause us to doubt success and fear despair, Have faith, God holds in trut a. better day, And surely, sunshine, i -- eyond the c ouds; --They soon, will break and let the sunshine through; A glorious vision then we'll surely see, When neace and comfort all the world wil' find; And rum no more shalf rule God's beauteous land. )h ! how we'll sing our halleluiah then, Andvmake the glad world witn tne gooa new;, . fin1 Each one despairing weakens other's hope, And makes harder still to win the cause, a good cause up, Until the battle we dan win and shout, Fight on and neWgive A -- of God. glcious victory for thecause sword or I would not have you fjghnvith 1 hat'i; a harbarou ? wav of oldea times; f: K gun, . . y . ; v the-"gif- ts . ' 