WOMAN'S "way felfCrhcrc.'4)rinir m high' winds or tropical lotrHi -- .' f vein w Djc hazy.Mue distance'. v't!-5u?- a As we came neaier we could-- reLv th;. outline of tlic bland., next the'Vtately .palms, "dotted here- and" there with white .smoke curling heaven ward from the ovens ol food, the. little 'village among the palms, and last' the dusky natives in their curious dress and to the bad harbor at Apia canoes. )ing there is no wharf, so we were met on (leek Wood who took us ashore hi a by President . small-boatAfter landing in Apia the president had a small boy drive us three miles along the coast to Fagalii, the mission, Chauu-e- y headquarters. Theie we met Klders Spilsbury, William A. Moody, William I). Foster Cluff and Fdwin McDermott, Smart. Jn the evening when President Wood leturned we met in testimony and sacrament meeting, a usual welcome accorded to all the Kiders on their arrival. 'The mission headquarters is a neat little five roomed frame house surrounded by lawns, dotted here and there with ferns, cactus, .roses and various flowers adapted to the climate. Although no mistress personally cdorns the home, yet the id.eas of a mistress are seen in all its arrangements. Samoa, as Stevens jn says, is theparadi.se of the South Pacific. . The natives are not in- dustrious. v.. inn nine Nature produces their food with ........ .... ii. ... .1... i., un i t . juicix pan, iui; .. xusi-vuu.1 . ..... , tt. . ,...- , liic uuw umaiuullluuiCUiA,, iiuw u yvoin. 1 - able attention as it must be irrigated and weeded. - The new woman has. not yet come to Samoa. She is of little consequence here save in courting. When married she gathers the food liom the hush, makes the cigar-ett- s (or the men, as Miioking is universal; her name is M'gnilicant, "Faletua," the back part ot the house. In an article in the February number of the "Kxponeut" entitled Polynesia," de South scribing the customs of some Sea islanders,-thcustom of ava drinking is reieireu lo as lonows: of-th-e "Alter the atives have drunk i th, ir till of awa (ava) they .simply fall over from' their seus on Uie mats on winch ihcy havv been sit ing while drinking, ami cv on. the effects of the drug, until which it w ould be impossible lor them to stand up for a monu-nt." Since the arrival of .our Klders eleven years agp there has been no such custom. One of our first missionaries, Iilder'K. J. Wood, who is now on" his second mission as president, never heard of such a thing. In . preparing the ava instead of its being masticated by the virgins, it is pounded fine on smooth .rocks for the purpose, put in a wooden bowl where it is then strained, after which it is served to the chiefs by the " virgins with great ceremony. In the same article the writer says:- ' Speaking about storms in the tropics my husband relates an experience he had in bamoa, Wnile crossing a lava bed bout twelve miles i extent together with a traveling companion, a regular tropica rain storm came. upon tlitm; aird such a storm conveys the "serine ci "pouritu" more than raining to the average American. Seeing the storm approach jm husband i . speaking to his companion expressed the regret they had taken no overcoats along, "'Over'cuat," .responded his companion, jusL took at ine, and u you like you can fol ow niy exarap e." To his surhim-prise his companion immediately-undressesen ana put ms cioiues m ms itue and satchel. My husband hesitated but hnaliv did likewise ii d tne result was mat wnen me storm abated they both had dry clothing to put on." , . -' ; For fear the readers may think this is the- - -- me. class in sewing and crochet t work pthcy vf the the-subj- ect Hihrplv state.iris't'he-ilrs- - tt;i. ,V?xl- - yr', areltervsnhs, .yet all reformations" -- traveling t 7. - - ---- i its kind in Samoa that our presort 1 small nope an .evolution beginnings. ever. heard of; although we have rams trial we nave them carry, blizwilf be carried on until fully convey the seii.se of pouring and ou iu its zards accompanying them to make it more ing that glorious severe, yet such an act would not for one true meaning. Your sister on .Samoa, moment be countenanced, in the Samoan (Mrs.)Skvi:knk Snow Witukck. mission., contrary wise uij iau.i.i verv. very particular about their person ... ar.d dross, remarkably neat considering the I have A VISIT TO UlvAR IwVKK. class of people they labor among. no wish to criticise the writer.but simply to state facts is the reason why I "have menJuly 2: Night on the train; speeding tioned these things. along through the darkness with an occasional stop; lights flashing here auththert; Conditions make differences in the methwhile uearing stations the shrill screech of od of proclaiming the Gospel, For instance, the Savior's command to His apostles that the engine, thtu away into the darkness they should go forth and preach without again. In the palace cars brilliant with light and purse or', scrip is impossible in some .countries on account of laws forbidding it. grandeur wearied hunsuuity lounges on the Holding outdoor meetings in Samoa is not cushioned chairs; family groups presenting necessary as in America, for there is always pictures of ease and rest. Young mothers a house that the earnest Jilder may have embracing their sleeping infants charm the for the simple asking for it; Although eye with their grace and beauty. Change Samoa has been termed bai baric which cark at Cache Junction with the accompan-inwarrants ignorance on the part of the inhurry and bustle; parting, with those of who go to Cache Valley, goodbye to the stigator, Simoau civilization has some the characteristics of an ideal community. darling babies, then away again into the fouu.1 is who night. Seldom indeed a 'young man cannot read or write, and from a nairative Some passengers sleep while others point of view knows Genesis to Revelation . lounge at their ease. Away the train with considerate clearness, yet doctnuany rsjKeds station after station left behind, views are rather shallow- Trie method j m the many shining lights of Tocatello of proclaiming the Gospel in Sauna is jeft to gleam out in the darkness. Ohauge cars tne good judgment of every I;ider. Tracts lor Montpelier, then on .again' as before. are distributed and house to house visits Soon faint glimmerings of lights appear are made. When a chief or man of author over the eastern mountains, that herald the is he ity. embraces the Gospel generally the approach of day later the sun sends" golden-rayin that village. beginner of the Church of gladness over the land. The mouna with the assistance of tains are. lower here than our own Wasatch He builds house in which the Elder meetings are held on towers, and the winding stream is spanned and Sunday generally one during flic week. by many bridges. The house also-i- the home of the Klder. How beautiful and dainty is the scene in A school is commenced with great numthe early morning light The landscape bers for the first few days. ' All novelties changes as we near Soda Springs, the laniavelHr'ir fcdlmvjr ground assuming a brown and copper guage is a coveted gemcmlvmToa School appearance, and the mountains also dwindles down to a very few; generally their garb. the children who stay embrace the Gospel change On we again, reaching Montpelier. and many times have been the means of at S a. m. speed The fresh faces of the travelers the Church. bringing their parents-infof the day before are weary and faded now Four churches are established-oSamoa. but the heavy eyes visibly brighten as we, firs-':is the ..Lutheran reach our journey's end. Faiti, which, came carriWaiting e becau.-it came from ages carry us over to Bloomington and our church; the Toga, r is Toga, the Wesleyan church; ''the Catholic; Kinsioii. and last and fewer in number is the Church How glad we are to meet after all blocd of Jesus Christ of Latter-daSaints. Mitch is thicker than water, and these are our bitterness is manifested towards us by the boys; how kind kindred. How of villages as one by one the sheep and gracious the manly! "We hope your girls over which they are shepherds stay among us will be pleasant, we are hear the voice cf the Good Shepherd and glad to see you." How royal the welcome! follow Him, thereby lessening their flecks, Now to visit, renew old friendships, form and increasing the fold of '.Christ. Out of. new ones and talk of the days gone forever.the population of 30,000 on Samoa First of all a visit to the graves qf our upwards of 1 660 have embraced the Gospel. loved uncle and aunt high up on the westThere are at present twenty-seveKlders ern hillside, overlooking the valley of busand three sisters laboring on the isiauds of tle and life and the home's of their sons and Samoa. A great field is open dahghters . whom they, have left to carry on in .teachiug-thc- . people the art of dress, their life work. Now all is peace, they as they art; very careless about their person! have been fai thful uuto deathrthese sturdy A taste must be cultivated for neatness; pioneers of Bear Lake Valley and their bpencer says that ornamentation precedes .name is honored among the sons of men. dress. This does .not seem, to be verified 'After life's fitful fever they sleep well." with the Samoaus, usefulness seems to be How T loved auntie! I think of , her their paramount consideration in clothimr goodness as I gaze on the cold, gray stone As to their homes they could be very much that jnarks her resting place. What a kindimproved iu neatness and convenience. ly, warm heart she , possessed; her. counsels This can only be, done by rearing their chil- - 'rise to mind now, speak no ill, uren ana instilling into them new and child return good'INay entirely i for evil." ideas concerning home life. I have had a -- banner-Civilizati- - - 'the KMers travel, as lncuieni is Hi' ' EXPONENT. . ! g un-their - ; -- s ! col-ore- d 1 11 ! y the-teacher- s . man-mad- e - n for-pu-r sisters . . v ' " : - 1 . 