M'.o k J-fM-- Y- - Tr . fa , Women of Utah. should be a Po:ccr4o better the Home, 'the State c; SALT LA Kit CITY, Vol. 27. CONTENTS: The Women R solve. Brig' am Suflrage. man "s Ah ! may the Fortress wa Is Of Ceuta be broken down,' While tyranny deeper falls Till none shall bow to the era ah. May shackle and chain and cell Yield forth to Liberty, And our Children live to tell -, ..America kteps the Key! Harton for WoYoung Elean'or "Clara Hannah' T. King Remembered Fowler. U'e Mothers L. L.- Greene Richards L L. Greene Vood-ruf- f t'axter. LetterMary ReflectStake Conference Katie Snowhal . R. S. In Memoriam. K. Report. ions of M.E Ladies A Good . Richard.-:- Semi-monthl- Meeting. y . and wienie Editokial: Woman's Vote War-and ' les. Birthday Thoughts About Par y. In-Ru- ' st . Peace. -- : UTAlI, SICPTKMBKR Al.'GUSTA JoVCfc CkOCHERON. Sdt Lake City, August, . Ceuta Augusta Joyce C'ocheron. TheConteen's Work Martha Shepard L'ppinott. iSS,- - Poetry: CEUTA. THE HLOT OF THE ! ARTJi. Wken the nation answered Spain -- another story For thy Sword O, Liberty Where the tropic.heat down pours, And the sea sends up its moan Forever against the shores Grim tow'ring cliffs of s'one, 'Neath the Fortress guns and walls And the flag that proudly waves-H- ear ! thehuman cry that calls From countless living graves ! For the hearts that dared to beat With the dreams of liberty, For the lips that dared repeat The story of the free, For the hand; that dared to raise The banner that led men on -- ftro keth a bla ztr And hope and life were gone Give tears for the famine-slai- n And those who fighting fe'I; Love's eyes pitied their pain And gave them love's farewell; The green earth 'neath their feet, The wide sky over head O death like that were swett And restful in their bed.' .But walled alive in the rock And b jund erect with chains, While hate their doom doth mock As long as life remains; Then the hands reach up no more For the water and the bread-For- ever is sea'ed the door Above the Patriot dead. For this did the mothers bear Fair daughters and brave sons ? O, Freedom ! wheresoe'er Old Spain's long record runs, The soul that dared adore Visions of Liberty, Hath won the.hope, no more, And died in shame for Thee" is - ! . -- ! ! . " Does America forget The cruel Kastile's fall, And howbrave LaFayette From the broken, burning wall Brought forth the great iron key, Proud France's blood stained one; To our great VYashifrgtoa? The Woman's Suffrage Association of Utah county held a meeting August 30, in Provo. About forty or fifty ladies were in attendance, four towns outside of Provo being represented, and regrets were received from Springvillc ladies, who were unable to be present on account of the funeral of Mrs. Ceo. Gilford. The following resolutions were adopted: Whereas, An informal understanding has been sought to be effected between the two political parlies eliminating women, from the state and county tickets at the next election; and Whereas women have been named as a weakness upon the ticket and charged with lacking executive ability and being the enemy of women refusing to vote for them, therefore b'o it Resolved, That we the suffragists of Utah county, in convention assembled, in view of these publications and utterances of the press, repudiate the sentiments "attributed to women and proteitagainst the . To her cry at last for peace, There's something more than the''Maine" Or the Island's blest release; Not cor quest, and not g'ory, No matter how great they be - There THE WOMEN RESOLVK. . measures proposed. Resol vdr . a mop plete and just recognition and representaTIiat-vve-dennT- ifl tion in some measure adequate tolhe number of votes which we cast. heretofore in 'consequence of women relying upon the honor of their parties for proper and just recognition and representation, have desisted from active work for the advancement of women, outside of political parties, and whereas we have been charged with being- the enemy of our own sex, we hereby pledge ourselves to refute such charges by active work and public, expression, believing that' eternal vigilance is the price of liberty; and be it Resolved,-Tha- - further .. Resolved, That we are ready to meet the official records of women holding office now provided the records of men elected at the same time be as closely scanned and placed parallel. CLARA BARTON FOR WOMAN'S SUFFRAGE. 1, aniln NaiUvi. No! 1S9S. 7. At the Annual Festival of the New England W'oman Suffrage Association, in Music Hall, Boston, May iSSS, 'Miss Barton, then, as now, president of the Red . Cross, said in part: Mrs President, Gentlemen and Ladies: It was. a surprise to nie that my opinions either way should be held of sufficient importance to be mentioned.. What difference could "it make to others what I approved or disapproved, believed or dislelieved in ? But as I reflected upon it, it did occur to me that pefhaps it ought to be of sufficient importance to myself to induce me to take the opportunity which otTers at this to make my record a trifle more clear if possible, and this will require very little time. I believe f I must hae been born believing in the full right of woman to all the privileges and positions which nature and justice accord to her in common with other human beings. Perfectly equal There was never' human righti' rights. any question in my mind in regard to this. I did not purchase my freedom with a price; I Avas born free, and when as a younger woman I heaid the subject discussed, it seemed simply ridiculous that any sensible, rational person should question it. And when later the phase of woman's right to" suffrage came up, it was to me only a part of the whole, just as natural, just as right, and just as cer'ain to take place. And whenever I .have been urged, as a petitioner, to ask lor this privilege tor woman a kind of dazed, bewildered feeling hus come over me. I ask ill is piivilege? f w4Knt-slratiWho possessed the right to confer it ? Who had greater right than woman herself? Was it man, and if so where did he get it ? Who conferred it upon him ? He depended upon woman for his being, his very exist More fitting , ence, nurture and rearing. hat she should have conferred itsupon him. Was it governments?- What were they but the voice of the people ? What gave them their power? Was it divinely conferred ? Alas no; or they would have been better, 'urer, more just and stable. v Was it force of arms-warWho" furnished the warriors ? Who but the mothers? Who reared the sons and taught that liberty and their country were worth their blood ? Who gave them up, wept their fall, nursed them in suffering and mourned them dead ? Women have always, as Was it labor ? a rule", worked 'harder than men. Was it capital ? Woman has furnished ' her share Up to the present, hour. . Who what then can give her the right, and ? basis? Who can withhold it Any attempt on my part to elaborate upon the arguments so ably and fully made by the honored and veteran thinkers and orators about me men and women who have taught the world in the science of the j principles they proclaim, would be simply piesum ption, and JjuLioLGne ciroinLstancei I should not occupy the little tnoiueiU -- mo-men- t, . kl - ! -- ? . o-v- . Clara Barton appealed to the veterans to vote for woman's suffrage, rrany years age as follows: 'When you were weak and I was strong, Now you are strong and J toiled for you. ' I am weak. Because of my work for you I ask your aid 1 askT the ballot for my self and my sex. ' As I stood by ' you, I A : pray you stand by me and mine: 11 