AT TT l' l- Y - - WOMAN S - U allot in the Hands of the Women of Utah should be a JVu'cr to belter the J tome the Slate and the NaUon. t Vol. 26. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, MAY 15 TO 26, 1S9S. 'Circassian maids will sink in the shade CONTENTS: With IJeseret's fair daughters h sight;' -- The War a Minor Question - Elizabeth Cady Thc their love for .her laws, well deserve of Stanton. A Mothers' Congress. Mothers' Con'. applause, Woman's Council on War 1 gress in Washington. hey would die in defending the Scwall. Anna Garlin May Wright Spencer on And then 'tis thy boast, thou can-- t muster a host the War. U. W. P. G. Ladies Semi monthly Of such boys so and brave, ho never know fear,nnd when danger is near," Meeting. Biographical Sketch Alice: M. 1 TanWould fight till they died thee to save. ner. In Memoriatn. R. S. and P. Our Savior - Zion's Converr. Literary Club Thou art honored above all the world, we can tL-ht-. true-hearte- y. ' Election. . v 4 Editorial: Editors, and People who Editorial Notes: Utah Volunteers. . Ode to Deseret E. Jennie Ames Packard. Poetry: Song d H, Read-Th- e prove, For here dwell the wisest and best, Who commune with-thLord and receive ol His """7 word, And an Ensign have raised in the West. - W. Greeting - . And to thy peaceful home, Zion's children will Come, ODE TO DESEKET. . Thou'rt beautiful, sweet, our mountain retreat, There's magic in every thing- here;" Tho' the raging storm how), and the angry sky - - scowl And all nature in terrojappear. Tho' the wind whistle shrill, and each valley and hill, Echo back to the wild music's strain, YeHt chords with the heart, and doh comfort impart For.it touches a sensitive vein. There's a voice in the wind, which awakes in the mind Reflections naught else could have stirred, We commune with the soul, while we try to And all nations s'ia!l hear of thy fame, Highly honored art thou, to thy mandates we'll '. bow, And our hearts shall exult in thy name. E. B. W. Great Salt Lake City, Dec. 1S50. . THE .WAR A MINOR QUESTION. Mrs, Stanton was invited by Miss Anthony to send to the woman's suffrage conference held recently in Rochester, N. Y., a letter on "Women and the War." trol And hush into silence each word. 'Tis a heavenly spell, no bosom can tell, That accords with the element's strife, And the loud, piercing shriek of the tempest most bleak, Alone can awake it to life. 1S9S. Dear Miss Anthony: You ask' me to send a letter as to woman's position in regardyto the war. Many with whom I talk feel aggrieved that they have no voice jn. declaring war with Spain, The vast or in protesting against it. majority of men are in the same position. Why care for a voice in an event that may happen once in a lifetime, more than in Here thy tall mountains rise, and seem touching those of far greater importance continually the skies, before us? Why groan over the horrors of ! war when the tragedies of peace are forever Truly wpnderfuli grand and sub'ime We admire to behold, so majestic and bold Our boys in blue well fed and before us? Thou art lovely our own happy clime. clothed in camp and hospital, are better off than our boys in rags, in mines, loveliness Thy ravines and thy streams.where true v in factories, in prison houses and in bare, seems dingy dwellings called homes where the Fairer mirrored than ever before; As we view with delight by the moon's gentle family meet at scanty meals after working ten hours, to talk over their hopeless situlight, ation in the despair of poverty. Are enough to make mortals adore. A friend of mine visited the bleaching Then thy clear silvery lake, would unconsciously department in one of our New England '"' , wake factories, where naked. boys oiled froni head Admiration most pure in the breast, to foot are used to tramp pieces of shirting sun its day's work hath done in a large vat. The chemicals necessary When the for bleaching are so strong as to eat the skin And its banners reflect from the West. unless well oiled. In" time they affect the so emblem that of an Tis complete, rapture eyes and lungs. There these boys in resweet j lays tramp, tramp all day, but not to music That still lingers awhile round the heart, In with the love of country. When we bid an adieu, to friends constant and norinspired England they "have machinery for such '.'true, work, but in the land of the Puritank boys V Compelled for a season to part. are cheaper than machinery.. On a platform, of one idea mothers cannot Let the great and the wise, talk of Italy's skies, discuss these vrongs3 We may talk of the And sing of her gay orange bowers, fair,.- - more -- salubrious thine, cruelties of Cuba now on any platform, but not of the outrages of rich manufacturers in air. the State of M issachusetts. . More fragrant and brilliant thy flowers. ' . ! " over-worke- d - . . . ... ' far-setti- ng . " . . - . re- plied as follows: New York, April 27, con- - She . -- . ' " No. 24. Under the present compete live system existence is a continual war, the lavs is each one for himself, starvation and death, for the hindmost My message today to our is coadjutors that we have a higher duty1 than.lhe demand for suffrage; we must now at the end of fifty years of aitliful service, broadeiioi'r platform and consider the next step in progress, to which the signs 'of the times clearly point namely, a new principle in industrial economies. We see, that thc right of suffrage avails nothing for the masses, in completion with the wealthy classes and, worse still, with each other. Women all over" the country are working earnestly in many fragmentary reforms, each believing that her own if achieved would usher in a new With woman day of peace and plenty. suffrage, temperance, social purity, rigid Sunday laws and physical culture, could any or all be successful, we should see no We change in the condition of the masses need all these reforms and many more to mke existence endurable. What is life today to the prisoner in Vis lonely cell ? to the feeble hands that keep time to the machinery in all our marts of trade ? to those who have no abiding place, no title to one foot of land on this green earth ? Such are the fruits of com petition. Our next experiment is to be made on the broad principle of cooperation. At the end of fifty years whose achievements we celebrate here today, let us reason together as to the wisdom of laying some new planks to our; plat- ' iblllL idea will remodel some The codes and constitutions, creeds and catechisms, social customs and eonventional-isras.th- e curriculum of schools and colleges; it will give'a new sense of Justice, Liberty and Equality in all the relations of life. Those who have eyes to see recognize the fact that the period for all these fragmentAgitation of the broader ary is ended. question of philosophical socialism is now in order. The next step in progress has long been foreshadowed by our seers and Fourier to prophets from Mazzini and Thomas Paine and Henry George; and is now being agitated by able thinkers and writers in all of the civilized coun- ! . tries. - v- - .- - "The few have no right to the luxuries of life, while the many are denied the necessities." This motto is the natural outgrowth of the one so familiar on our platform and in our official paper "Equal rights for all" under our present competitive' system. "All men. are born free with equal The right to life, liberty and happiness." is the natural outgrowth of this sentiment vital principle of Christian religion! 'Love thy neighbor as thyself." In. broad liberal be principles the Suffrage Association should the leader of thought for women, and not narrow its platform- from year to year to one idea, rejecting all relative ideas as side ' - issues. of a ne w thought '"Progress is the victory TT over old superstition - - . - Elizabeth Cady StantonEx. . 