WOMAN'S LXPONEWY; . WI Willi V .'. Kit: LI I HI- - IV "u 111 be rail elretiMy - LxF - - ,.m. 11 . hv..y May yui trust in the hand of .flush. bv 1 C i ;mhg to ' .1 . , niir vupun an 280 j.2;. .T e, o. Cud felt it- ;c srrii" . 2 a;;u inou.ers Will) call' leslliy tty ; the things o: the kingdom .'and instil good principles mlo tin- bearts of the children, they are valuable withers. It is our calling to .fulfill any mission placed ' upqn us, to impress upon the minds of our sons that the Priesthood emanates from heaven. IClder Henry f,. liinman said he was inety.' Sister Eugenia S. Pierce was then set terested in everything pertaining to id's apart to act as assistant secretary by Prcsi- - work, that was the reason he was there. aud Keeley. Singing "Our Urged all to seek the rich .gift of wisdom, dents Glaw.-o-u Benediction by. take time to read god hooks and adorn our God we raise to Thce'i" Adjourned for three minds which sheds faith, that bright lustre, Bishop A. Jansbn. to all around. Our children are our herimonths. "" Emilia I). Madsu.v Cor. Sec. tage in the world to come," they will profit by the lustre in our minds and we can ac.". ALBERTA, CANADA. quire this by complying with .the requirements of the G or pi. 1, seek for the gifts that Thk Relief Society met in conference in will be most beneficial. Spoke of the the Cardston Assembly Hall,- Stake PresiMillenium, said much dermis updent Mary L. Woolf presiding. Opened by glorious on the course we take in this life, and praysinging ''Come all ye sons of Zion." Pray-e- r ed God to bless all and in an e-- pecial man-- , by Elder Marsden. Singing 'Redeemer ner our beloved Sister Young.' of Israel.". " Roll was called, each member-respondinlDierZmaYT"CaFd," "president of the Y. with a' sentiment on frith, minforth in the read h. M. L A., urged all to step utes of the previous conference-wer' dignity and niagnitude- of our calliug and ' " : and approved. fill the place, and not- disappoint the ProPresident Mary J. Woblf made opening phet Joseph who turned the key and openremarks. She felt grateful that our worthy, ed Said let us wide the door for women. was D. H. Zina present, Young, president, live so that our names will live after we are her of. the beholding had we that' privilege . gone, and gain the riches of eternity; the dear face once more, and felt it, a blessing deeds of kindness are remembered , and not and partake of the holy the wealth we ; to come to meeting Prayed God to possess. we which and us influence that is with' bless her aged mother that she might come us assist to homes should seek for in our ' again. that thankful Felt "with our many labors. President Mary Woolf. made a few closing in good and growing we were progressing remarks urging the sisters to take the "Wowould God of works and prayed the Spirit man's Exponent," andSprayed the Lord to permeate every heart today. bless and" aid the sisters in their labors a it felt pnviCounselor Rhoda Hinman The officers of the Relief Society over all ' we said and lege to bear her testimony the. wory were sustained, also the Stake our were it as though should live every day officers. Conference adjourned by singing of reading necess:ty last. She showed the mountains high." Benediction by our minds with "0 ye - said:-"Mother- - s 7 . , .... ;,J i true religion then the d'ccUcd an' Of humble, sim;ru ure she y t irn res-e- d al .wIkj vl he.' 'character aiul the alien e of her life. i ... I i . j U-aui- y . . - - . -- . 1 W 4; iv'3friv Elder J. Anderson. Mary L. Woolf, Pres. - w-ha- Fullmer, idow f the late J. S. Fullmer died at the residence ot her- daughter in v NU Wvprnhnr 2S rSo?. Sh- was forn in t Nas ville. Tenn.ir; 1S15 and married John b I in 1S56 and went with her. husb.nd to Vu-voin 1840, and was baptized in o the Church of year.. Jesus Christ of Latter-- v Saints tie he of rest the with S' e endurtd the persecutions Saints and was intiu ately a qu .inted with the rother Hyrum and Prophet Joseph ' and his with the rest 01 her mourned their n artyrdom h her hu band wi brethren an sisters. She came and children to Salt Lake Ci y n Oct. 6 1848, . and passed through ail the hardships and j nv,-ions i fa pioneer worn n of Utah She was pat ent .through ai ai d kept lier She leaves covenants faithfully lo.the last. sev-- n children and numerous grandch b:re and to mourn her departure. She by has gone to her rest ,belo edand respected a waits crown a and g.onous all wbo knew her, her in the monnng ot the resurrt etion. Her loving daughter J. V. CunTis Mrs Marv An . o e d t . zrcat-grandchildr- en . SARAH A. STROCK. died her heme in F rest Sarah A. Strock She Dale F.iday, Oc tober 29, 1S97. at 3 o cD.ock 1838 in was born on the 14th day of June, A .came to Utah Franklin county, Pennsylvania aftd 1866 and until Lake City in 1S62; resided in Salt coun- ! to Fort Hrriman, Sa t Lake Soci, yfand was the first president of the Relief connectbeen always ety of ihat place. She has m the various ward, in Relief Society ed with the . which she has resided years After living at Herriman for three hved and Ci y Lake Salt returned to she removed ther until about six years ago when '. .t'-l- . re-liiy- u; - nie her Tlfi he p.t it y ai.nl " ve - . - , ijff Society of Ki Foukst Dali:. UTAH HISTORICAL SOCIETY Tin: organization of the State Historical -- Society of Utah, which has beeii under way hince the midsummer Jubilee, was effected first Tuesday Jan. 1898. at a meeting-helThe meeting occured in the counting room of the Utah National Bank, and assembled in response to. a call from the temporary The chairman, Mr. Jerrold R. Letcher. of the - society- - were adopted and the articles of incorioration signed, .after which the officers were chosen as follows: Franklin D. Richards, president; Isabella Jerrold R. Cameron Brown, Letcher, recording secretary;' James T. Hammond, corresponding secretary; Lewis S. Hills, treasurer; Antoinette B. Kinney,, ' .. librarian. v lixecutive comittee George W. Thatch- er Lotian: Tosenh Geoghcijan, Salt Lake; d by-law- s vice-presiden- "Lewis IN MEM0R1AM. VIT'1' Va truly unjirt- tenuous I,,. It has jj!ea.seJ Anii;h,!y Go! to lake hum this sp ere of action o ir beloved. aid res; ttted member and tc e arv uf this Society, Site Sar.Ji H. Sirock, and , Whkkkas, In her demise we have lost a de.u S iut i; whom, friend vand faithful Latter-da- s was love., fharity and syn'pathy for tho e in need inl while t re. ret our deprivation of the. support ot her ind m nable rourajje, het ch erf IsympUhy and p'easarv association ant fully realizing that i is God'a will'that we should separated from her for a short timv. Therefore be if . KicsoLVED, Tnat.we coudo'e with her bereaved husband in this his great loss, "wh we f el assured has the sympathy of all the .members ef this the Forest IUle ward. And be it further Klsolvkd,- That these res lutions b placed upon H e r cords of the Society. e good books aud storing while in knowledge, and spoke o.'her trials Nauvoo and of her aoeiation-m- lh dent Zina D. H. Young, said it made us surrounded appreciate the peace we are . with at the present time. de- Him-nathat in felt Tntm rv,,,,cw for blesspending on our Heavenly Father and felt grateings we were sure of them, ful for the bounteous harvest, felt that Lord had through fasting and prayer 'the rewarded us with a good harvest which blie would enable us to gc out of debtexhorted us all to be cheerful in our home with our loved ones and felt, it was an era for women that would help us to keep our children pace with the timesnd teach wisely. -Father." i ne congregauou auft she President Zina D. H. Young felt that had been edified in listening to the remarks made and felt they vvere words of inspiration. Referred to Joseph Smith's counsel at the organization of the Relief Society, , said that the sisters did not realize the mag nitude of the work then begun, and that he had now turned the key for women. Urged all to be good and kind and bear their trials Him for strength patiently, trust in God, asknever be guilty of in faith and humility and a the sin of ingiatitude.. This; land isthe blessed land and God's Spirit is with; to us all, it is people here. He is merciful where evil is ni,;rpn here not around us than it is in sooie places, praybe ed God to preserve us, that the land may and closed kept pure and never be polluted, -- KUSOLUTIONS OK KKSI'F.CT. g . 2A '.V be iaur ask it .iiav. bks,t in every good work and deed, I in the name of Jesus.- Amen, Counselor Charles Kelley referred to deaths within the last six months, in Israel and the Relief Society may God bless you in your labors of love, and may you in very truth be a Relief Soci- - ;-- t; "7HTTfirOglluir05ephBr Salt Lake; Klecta Bullock, Kingsbury, Provo; JohiiT. Caiue, Salt Lake; Robert CLuud, St. George; Charles C. Goodwin. Salt 'Lake; Henry V. Lawrence,- Salt Lake. The objects for which the society is are: "The encouragement of his torical research and inquiry, by the explor- ation and investigation ot aboriginal monu-menand remains; the collection of such material as may , serve to illustrate the of Utah growth, development aud resources and the intermountain region; the preservation of manuscripts, papers, documents and tracts of value, especially narratives of the adventures of the early explorers and and maintenance . 'pioneers; the establishment of a public library and museum; the cultivation of science, literature and the liberal stated interarts; the holding of meetings at vals for the interchange of views and critic' ... isms. .... - or-rnniz- ed - ts THK CHARTKR MEMBERS. a- - sed Bar-raCharles Adams, Parowan; Caleb R. Robert K.Baskin, Charles W. Bennett, Alexander C. Bishop, ' Nat M. Brigham, Isabella Cameron Brown, Salt Lake; Llecta tt John T. Caine, Angus M. Cannon, John Q. Cannon Spencer Clawson Edward F. Colborn, George Q. Lhris Cdfay, Benjamin Lllen Diehl, John E. Dooly. Williard Done, Bullock, "Provo; 