... 2W totS&mZS . t,'., o.,kArUtri . ..WOMAN . . 3. WELLS, iCa-n- ii, y, and-sweete- I Ek POTEST office. Room 208 Templeton, South Tem. Biiisness hours From 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. every ple Str(-tday, except Sunday. Address 11 business communications tu ' . PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, -- luve-peac- e Salt Lakk City, Utah. it Prof;s a , yr-.tr- Entered ' the Post Office in Suit Lake City, Utah,, as Mrs. W. C. Jennings, Mrs. Arthur Brown. .Mrs. John Q. Cannon, Mrs. Cornelius Schettler, Mrs. Philo T. Farnswortu ar.d Miss Julia Farnsworth, Mrs. A. W. Mc. Cune and Miss Fay McCune, Prof. Mar shall and wife, Mrs. Evelyn Y." Davis, Miss Enieline and Miss Lyde Wells, Mrs: - A. B. Hyde and Miss Laura Hyde MrsT R. K. Thomas, Mrs. M. Salmon of Omaha, Mrs'. K. Verranof Michigan Mrs. S.' Clay- matter. iecond-clas- s Salt Lakk City March April 15 F. MARION CRAWFORD, 1, 1S9S. The distinguished author and' lecturer, RELIEF conference of lTiiEwillgeneral be held on the.KeJiejLSa.--ciet- y Tuesday, April '5, Lake Salt the Assembly Hall in iSo8,.m this city, meetings commencing at 10 a. m.' and 2 p. m. as usual. It is very desirable that there should be representation from each Stake organization of the Society, either the president or one of her counselors should attend or authorize some one to act All members of the Society for the board, are cordially invited, also the Y. L. M. I. A. and Primary.Presidents, Bishops' and - brethren will be, most welcome. There will be an officers' meeting on Saturday, xpril 9, at the same place, commencing at 10 a. m. and all officers of the are urgently requested" to attend. Society ' . Zina'D. H. Young . '.-.- President. . Jane S. Richards, -- ; -- -- . -- has-studied y . Batiishhba W. Smith, Counselors. THE F. Marion Crawford,' recently paid Utah a visit speaking in Provo, Salt "Lake and . Ogden. Mr. Crawford is an American though born in Rome, where his father (Thomas Crawford) was at the time studying sculpton of this city., and many others. ture. He has. had a cosmopolitan education at Harvard and at Cam- EDITORIAL NOTES: bridge, England, and Heidleburg, Germany, has traveled very extensively and at one time edited a newspaper in Allahabad, India; he On Saturday afternoon a meeting was' has. lived much in foreign parts, principally j held in Spring City,. Sister Mary Frantzcn in Italy and Sicily. He is a man of broad . presiding. Bishop Allred vas' present and' views and has a decided originality that is made some remarks after the sisters had all very charming. He is very tall and of magspoken, expressing great interest in the Renetic presence, has a rich, clear voice "and lief Society and the Latter-dawork as ' a eloquent eyes, his diction is perfect, one whole.' never loses a word, nor even an accent. Madame Mountford who visited Utah With- - most of .his books the people of Salt Lake City are familiar; and unlike most during the last year and gave her original authors he was evidently willing to talk of entertainments in several places and sp;ke in the large Tabernacle in this city on the his stories. "His lecture in this city was under the. Sunday before her departure for the' East, ' after visiting Toronto, Canada.. New York auspices of the Ladies Literary club and was given in the M. E Chuich on Thiid City and London, sailed from Marseilles on South St. Mr. Crawford was introduced to the steamer "Midnight Sun," going via the audience by Rev. Henry, who had Sicily, Athens, Constantinople, the Holy No word has known nim in New York City. The audi- 'Land, Egypt and Malta. ence was large, the hall being crowded to been received of her plans while absent that its utmost capacity. The subject wTas Leo we are aware of; she is registered, as an XIII. and the Vatican. Evidently the eminent lecturer along with several divines and professors.' speaker was in love with his theme; it was apparent throughout the evening, for he President Zina D, H. Young and spoke nearly two hours. He described the Sister Emily S. Richards of this city went Pope graphically, both the outward and the to Ogden and attended the Relief Society inner man; one who heard him could easily conference of Weber Stake held on Thurssee the picture and imagine the voice and day, March 10, in that city, Sister Jane S. manner of the man he portrayed. A scholar, Richards There was a goodly a poet, a statesman, brilliant in intellectual attendancepresiding. from various parts of the county attainments, cultured and polished , in all and an excellent spirit manifest,' The' that gives tone and finish to the gentleman work in that Stake seems ng to be and scholar, and yet simple in tastes and and the deepest interest is apparhabits in the "details of life. Mr. Crawford ent fh all the gatherings. compared Pope Leo with: Lincoln and Gladstone and contrasted him and his The Relief Society conference of Sanpete labors in the Church with Pope Pius TX. Stake was held in Ephraim on Friday, The Utah Woman's Press Club gave a March nth and on Saturday morning,:' reception to Mr. Crawford at the Bee Hive "March 12, President Mary' A. Hyde presidHousethe - residence of ; Hon. Spencer ing. Visitors from this city were Sisters Clawson from 3 to 6 p. m. on" Tuesday; E." B. Wells and Annie T. Hyde. President March 22. The parlors were' prettily arCanute Peterson attended the three sessions ranged for the occasion and Miss Claire of the conference and President J. T. D. Clawson in her. sweet, amiable way made McAllister was present at the morning sesthe ladies of the club more than welcome sion on Friday. There were sisters from Dr. R. B. Pratt, E. 3. Wells and. Susa y! most of the settlements in the. country, notGates took charge of the introductions ' and withstanding the cold, stormy weather. presented the callers to Mr. Crawford, the At Ephraim we attended a meefing of the guest of honor, who was most gracious and Primarv Association a m ivprp rrmrH P"Tatl- affable, conversing with ease and freedom fled with the interesting program and beau- to each one present with a dignified con- 4tiful children assembled. The vomiir girls geniality that won praise and admira- - j in charge seemed" to love their w&rk and to - CONFERENCE. SOCIETY , v.-,y7g- ' in. Salt Lake C;ty, Utah. Published Trms: one eopy one Ji.oo; one copy sjx monihs, No clubs. City papers delivior made reduction cts. 50 ered by mail, extra forpostage one yeas, .25 c'.a. Advertising rates: Each square; ten .lines of nonpr.reil spice one time, 32.30; per month, $3.00, A liberaldiscount to regular advertisers. sernl-munthl- !;a r . ;,n hand to tyre rind mauaire these I ANNta IVBLLS CjtHNON , music, tar, and some fine selections on. the piano ),'i r ra fvf imnh Miss Carol Cannon sang m ,her best affairs economically. would style, "Because," and Lulu Ov... Spain would' show wisdom if she with rich pathos .renconsent to me measures proposed by die; in her childlike way American government, for surely she will dered three choice songs,-- Florentine r: Dream" nr.i by Benjamin Goddard ' "The Ik4 made to v ield ignominisously if 'war is ' The guests u- -c "The Garden' of Sleep. entered upon. Those .who desire an amicable settlement of affairs continue hopeful about a hundred and fifty in number a:.. and perhaps the cry of war may pass by included Col. Kent and wife, Lieut. Gurne v, this time without involving nations as ' Mrs. Cabantss, Mrs. Tayman of lhe Fort and Mrs. Patterson of Cleveland, a guest at now seems not unlikely; but "eventually the prophecies concerning these things the Fort, President Angus M. Cann ,n, for. M. Hughes Can! must be fulfilled however much people' Elder C. W. Penrose, Mrs. F. Neldcn, who mayregret the necessity of non State Senator, Mrs W. Robert Walk-- r Mrs. John McVicker, war. ii BMMIIL1XE . AVAR CRY. -- , For some time past a war cry has been in the air all over this country andf in to war and other lands has seemed inmany evitable. The telegraphic news has been conflicting yet on the whole it has sound- ed threatening, to put the matter mildly. The. explosion of the Maine has formed the topic for weeks, and now that the Court of Inquiry has rendered its verdict, .there seems little change in the general commotion. Preparations for war in the army, and navy are going forward and lhe outlook is not a happy one to say. the " least. At last President McKinley has spoken; his message on the subject including the findings of the court, were presented to the Congress of the United States Monday, was received with intense March interest. Congress took deliberate and dignified action the message was referred to ' Committees. in aspect and. The times are war-likmany "wise men of Gotham" anticipate war in the near future." The City of Havana is reported to be a veritable volWar ships and torpedo boats seem cano. be to and engaging the attention if one listens to the war talk in public places, one might'easily assume that peace was indeed. taken from the earth.' However, one fact isra'pparent, there is much suffering and destitution. America " ' 2S,-an- d e of-me- n, . . rapidly-progressi- - -- - , 