WOMAN'S ;X l'ONKM -- V. tr :iuu juu i ' hv j:mma - j:xso:K - ''... . i.. . - Vri- toofli n 1 flesh of her opponent she is like the terrier, loth to let eo her enp until me enemy is If partly reauceq to sausage meat man in Samoa .finds her husband untrue to her she does not seek revenge on him par-- , ticularly, but oil his (Victim, whose nose the wronged wife bites off if she can get the opportunity; consequently noseless women j not ' e . ., 1 - - list however, be attributed not merely to the. force of. the wind, but also in a great measure to the torrents of rain. The fact is the heavy rain soon' saps the .foundation of the large posts upon which the security of the building' depends. Gradually the wind sways the superstructure to and fro, and at htrstm'isitatkns-i- n 1 - every ' gust opens and widens the earth around the sockets of the posts, until the entire fabric loses its equilibrium and coming down with a crash, all its posts and beams, however tough and thick are snapped like so many carrots." During a hurricane in Vavan many years ago thirty. four out 0 thirty-ninWesleyan chapels were blown down, though these buildings were the very best and .strongest constructed by the peo. All the islands are subject to earthpie. quakes which are both frequent and violent. Speaking about rain storms in the tropics my husband relates an experience ne iiaa in Sa"moa. while crossing a lava bed about e ,, ,;,,, rain traveling companion, a regular tropical storm came upon them ; and such a storm conveys the sense of "pouring" more than Seeing raining to the average American are frequently, met With 111 Samoa. in husband speakapproach my For a cheap and easy living Tonga per- the storm ' ing to his companion expressed the regret haps stands ahead of any. group of islands in that they had taken no overcoats along. tii pre could "Overcoats," responded his companion; v s u rjsis i ior moil ius uu w ux t ux mi look at me, and if you like you can on "just exertion without for any them, provides follow my example." To his surprise his their parr, except to pick the fruit and eat. immediately undressed himself And this naturally makes the natives of the companion -- in Jicf muemsnQ44 - ... 1.... .1 t. .. f.. 1.uum uiu uptawa uui" nuaiiy. did likewise, "and ihe. result was that .when the storm abated they both had dry- - clothes to . put on. . 1 1 . ; K. S. AND. P. A. . . f is supposed to about one dav in a week. The absence of running streams or rivers is one of the characteristics of the Friendly Islands. There are only two very inMir- ikeant the exceptions throughout w1lole group. .. Thoe occur at Vavan 'and hna. horsoft water the inhabitants depend entirely upon what, is .collected from the "clouds, either in tanks or clay pits called, by the natives lebas. The rainy months' are December, January and February. The entire year average temperature during-this ;6, Fahrenheit. During the hot months from December to March the thermometer frequently ranges at 90 and even 96 in the shade. The islands are subject to hurricanes which seem to recur, with periodical regularity and always in the rainy season, from December to March. "The lull force of the c clone ' falls upon" one or other of the three groups, at intervals of about seven years," writes the 'Rev. Thomas West. l'The hurricane gives but few indications of its approach. The wind rises suddenly, accompanied by heavy rain and its duration, strength and progress" in any given locality depends upon its being nearer to, or more remote from the center of the .wind circle. No tongue or pen can possibly convey an adequate idea of these visitations. Heaven 'and earth appear to be on the move; and as for the sea, the grandeur is altogether indescribable. The rush of the irresistable tempest; the cracking and fall of trees on all sides; branches hurled through the air; cocoanuts torn from the trees and flung in all directions with the velocity of a cmnon Ball; a deluge of rain, unusual darkness andthe crash of falling houses; all of these at tendauts upon a hurricane make up one of the most dismal and terrific pictures in The destruction of natural Dhenomena. dwelling houses and other buildings usually -- . irvs-ciounn- , 'ie average l,iiaij work more than . Tin: opportunities of obtaiuijiir a liveli- hood in native style on Samoa, are very nood.. It requires next to no effort at' all to obtain tne necessary load. Taro or kah with' but little grows very help in the shape of cultivation ane this is the staple article of vfood on the group. Breadfruit is picked from the tree? as it ripens for several months' .during the year, and cocoanut is always to be had. Its llesh is used by the natives in ' the preparation of many of their "rare When the breadfruit 'is out of dishes." season and" the people have neglected to plant taro. they are iometimes. compelled to subsist for months together on bananas. At different times in past' 'years when the islands have been visited by hurricanes which' have blown down (he breadfruit and cocoa-nu- t and often pulled up or blown down the trees themselves, the people have been reduced to "a point of starvation", until they could plant and reap bananas, or until the next crop of breadfruit would ripen. The gjoup of Manua are an exception to this, here the people always keep a year's supply on hand and by this precaution have always escaped, famine. Neither fermented nor distilled liquors were used by the Pacific Islanders' before the appearance of the whites'on their shores but they drank an infusion of the roots of the awa plant, and that is still the favorite drink on Samoa: The awa root is first chewed by a certain elass-o- young maidens, pure virgins, of which there ire one or more in each village, after which the masticated morsels are placed in a wooden bo.vl and water poured upon them. The infusion is then strained through a liiesh of the awa (cyperas) fibers and is then ready for drinking. Its effects are narcotic and stupifying and effects the legs more particularly, for ffrilttUvU-.ar-gtlrnnt- thajr f of awa : i rlau t... 'it u uu inu men struts oyer lrum it...:. iuey simpiy mats on which thejr have been sitting while drinking, and sleep out the effects of the drug, until which it would be impossible for them even to stand up for a moment. Speaking of. the chewing of the awa root by the Samoa woman it may be mentioned ' that they are able to put their mouths to sundry other kinds of peculiar usage. ' Thus the Samoa mother always feeds her baby from her own mouth to that of her child. When she has to fill a lamp wiih coal oil she generally fills her mouth with the oil and then emits it into the. vessel; she fills a If a feminine bottle in the same way. quarrel is going on the almost per fect teeth with which nearly every native is blessed are brought into terrible requisition, and 1 - ake- ' g SANl'lVrfi REPORTS. STAKK. MiNL'TKS of the Sanpete Stake Relief Society conference held at Manti, Dec. is," 1 Opened by singing "Lord we come 897. A I.VW 14V II A 1 U 1 L1 M 1 . I. IVIlil.lll. Singing "Where the voice of frieiid.Hhij) heard." President M. A. Hyde spoke-othe of the times and the of the signs gathering" Jews; warned the mothers to have a watch circ over their children. The different Societies were represented as follows: Gunnison, Pres. Helena ; Fountain Green, Sec. Christina Guy-maFairview, Counselor. Caroline Peter-sou- ; Fayette, Pres. Kliza Bartholomew; 1, ST . . Mad-sen- n; ..ni. 1HI, itam, ward, Pres. 1... uy i'.-uer- ; it, T il 1 J,.j)iraniiorin Penedicta IIaiisen;Manti North ward; Pres. R, Wareham; Manti South ward, Pres. Ksther Anderson; -- Nlpro-ni, Pres. Annie' Hardy; Mayfield, Pres. Matilda Olsen; Milburn", Sec. Nelly Graham . President M. A. Hyde said if the sisters, would have faith and would arise and speak and bear testimony, the Lord would bless them and give them a testimony. Said there were many things that would come to try us, but if we have a testimony we will overcome them. Bishop Jensen was pleased to see that the sisters were interested in the poor of the ward.. Counselor A. L. Cox made a few closing remarks. Singing "Noy let us reBenediction by Brother Aaron joice." Hardy. Aftkknoon Session:" Singing "Guide us O Thou Great Jehovah." prayer, by , - j . . jGod for . 0 0 Reading and adop tion of the previous minutes. '. I he remaining, reports 'were given: Spring City, Counselor Nancy Acord; Sterling, lUizabeth Thompson; Butler Field, Counselor Martha Sorenson Brother. L. J. Nuttall spoke of the small percentage of sisters attending the meeting; thought the sisters were not doing them Said it was not only for the selves justice. poor, out ior me saving 01 souis. lie looked upon the Society as a school and we cannot be saved in our ignorance. Gave instructions to the secretaries and said he looked upon the wheat question as one of the most important things in the Society; it came from the highest authority. He said if the Saints do all. they can the famine the Lord will avert their calamities from their door. Said are we becoming mixed up with the world or are we preparing to save our own souls and help others to save theirs ? Asked the peace and blessing 01 the Lord to be with us." President M. A. Hyde gave the sisters a mother's blessing; she then spoke in tongues and Sister Elizabeth Casto inter- . "preted. Add. endorsed and IV McAllister Brother J. D. testified to the truthfulness, of the remarks that had been made and encouraged the taking of notes. Said to follow those who were to lead and it would be well with us. Brother J. B. Maiben hoped we might be a prophet." , , to--'ave- rt ' . 