nR'UvnxG song.. f Indicated . o'f Ly iLc iiailev,s.:.turn of auU-u- r W-T- .lo..-Mu-Uimi- f; abr': a sixmonths' i her health, sence on ncoutit sung at the n May W. C.T.U. meeting, How close, to our hearts is our white ribbon leader. Our dear Mrs. Holey, so kind and so true; How much in our Union we lovingly need her, How J4I idly today we gree t her anew. We hail her with pleasure, we think God in Heaven, That He has returned her in health to us now; Our heart's adoration to Hhn hould be given; In praise and thanksgiving before Him we bow. CHORUS. Our dearly loved leader, our white ribbon leader, We greet you today with voice and with song. We mourn with the nations the death of our Frar.ces, -- 53 EXPONENT. WOMAN'S -- IVar ."Mr:rMcKinlevj we" beet, 'the rmvi'es: w T vfuc" -'' tigxestiA.--rC'- 1 conkSiOf r ' arta Warn? which houor. may btfA&Sa tamed, our nation nas maue 110 gress than have the men belonging to it. It has long since ceased to be regarded possible that a man may find the defense of his'onor in slaymg his enemy, howeyei of. fensive and unjustifiable thu conduct of that it enemy" may have been. We think tha is equally impossible that the honor of our nation can be maintained by the destitution of a sister nation. We think it inipsible the death of 260 brave and innocent men who found death in the disaster of the Maine can be atoned for" by the death oi any number of Spaniards, or of any num. ber of their own countrymen who should ' meet and slay one another on the field of battle. ; ! j ! j ; ; ; ' - - so And the white ribbon sisters weal love CHORUS. Then let us, oh, let us be fait And prove oiirseb .. ful my sisters, East Winthrop,' May 3iS. ,: ' thirty-on- e of sixteen oi those organizations) resolu-tha- t passed unanimously the following tious, and ordered them forwarded to yu, Honorable Gentlemen, as the persons just now charged with the duty of representing our Mate in me .Nauoimi umauuiuii. Resolved. That the women of.this Coun cil here present view, with deep concern the present situation tf onr country in respect (repenting Smnish-Cuba- all airs. n our Rhode Island me nil ers of Congress to remember tnat the strength of self control, the dignity of patience and the calm of balaneed.judgment alone give j ! . ct'r K-- g lathig nowerJoi o l:' , ' - 1- 1 ; 1 . I j : ,cea Q -- op-portuni- ty evil-doe- r WOMEN'S COUNCIL ON WAR. to The following letter was addressed ago by. President McKiuley several weeksseventeen Mrs. May Wright Se wall and National other officers of the Woman's Council of the United States: . Hon. William McKinley, ; United States, President of the Washington, D. C. that your friends My Dear to from all parts of the country are sending their opinions on the you expressions of are desirous of present crisis, and thatofyou the people of the knowing the opinion repre-umpUnited States, it seems to us, who Sir-Lea- rning ct organization of women in States, only just to ourselvess moment and to society at large to ask a attention to our view. ' We, WHO uenevc iii elea is large who" also believe that peace wita ment in righteousness, have watched .of he admirition and gratitude the bearing durChief Magistrate of our great Republic recent weeks so - full- of fjitaUon ing these : all" wc ur.our nt menace. ttt uwi with-ou- t war will be avoided if it can be done impairing our national honor. the-Unite- . - . m dis-tricts- of . . .has-starte- - 1 . ex-....i.,J'- ! . - vidual; and we beg them a so to remember uf nnivcrsal hrotherho(xl ha tIiat tilc ethi-tsupreme right of way dn all social aiid cal questions, and therefore, t liat the uni- expression dorsal peace, which is sacred considered should b, of that gospel, in all the -i- ons of the command to .-De first pure and just 'then peaceable- should no be ignoredr when Cuba's sufienngs and the loss of o own brave men Mir all hearts to righteous el proS . ex-cuti- ve nhilanthf0I)ists we ty cankstly deSire to ' the end of nil crue of the and utour; but as human Iii,rS ' ofl.ee our of moth,r.SeX,' pledged by Virtue to full regard for the s,creness oi nu.nan , ,.s. tlK methods of war, we lifl,.m, We harthe -iplead that all possible means for a be ex- nTtemperate'inaintence of the attitude! ending of such cnte ty and hnus'tul before recourse is had to the sword, of neace.: at this time by our own Govern- wielded in any cause, even . much to advance a reverence which, when crcjnarnl confusion. to in and of doctrine peace inspire for the social degradation, family bereavement and it. to the practice nations courage other financial loss to both the avenger and the an have President McKinley, You, whose deeds are thus avenged. to become, not merely the defendAnna Gaki.in Spkncek, er of the rights and the honor of your own President of the Local Council of the Wodefender as country, but the protector and men of Rhode Island. well of the sublime principle of peace, for Mrs. K.K. "Hill, Miss K. I. Nichols Secretaries, the world. As it is in the name of more than- one million of women that we who represent Miss jANii Addams of Chicago, in the and Ethics , has them send this expression of gratitude April International Journal of of peace this petition for the maintenance an article entitled "Ethical Survivals in we hope that it may meet with considerafeeble Municipal Corruption." own its have it that and may tion; A new law requires all public school share among: the influences that shall hold New York State to; supply public you firm in the midst of agitation. schools with flags, which must be displayed I have the honor to remain schools during school hours on or near the Very sincerely yours, house. May Wright Sewaix. Woof Council for Cuba President of the National Barton Claka States. car-- ; men of the United agaiti with ah army of women. They clothing for the ry food for the starving, sick and sUccorfor ANNA GARLIN SPENCER ON THE ' naked, medicine for the WAR. the. dying. Surely such soldiers as Red Cross women deserve to be voters Providence, R I., May 2, 1898. SoROSis celebrated its thirtieth birthday and last week. The subject discussed was To the Honorable Nelson W. Aldrich, " Miss Helen Messrs. Westraore, Bull and Capron, "The Woman with Power. W. P A., who Rhode M :Winslow of the N. E. Senators and .Representatives from United was present, spoke of Lucy Stone as an Island; in the Congress of the. urAmnti with oower. and the States: communication is allusion Called out warm applause. Respected Sirs This mfi.t-vilLjd- Jennie Ames Packard. ' .; members. Council of this of session At an Women held April 4. the delegates present That we . 1 b. l me jwuh v....w.- - ...... formatory associations and institutions of the State and of the city of 1'rovulence which are managed by women, or in which women arc prominent asofiieers and voting to v. 1 f he-Loca- -- j the- - Mibnus-ivdybo;- ' . r;l,( lnYirT hnvc honor to represent is a federation of or- America's queen, though uncrowned until now;of women, each of which is de- adstill ganiations work the laborers Though God ta esthe voted to some .vork on behalf of charity, ances, education, religion or reform, ande. all of As we to His will d adveency-of-thwhich are united-tirthe- ir ood truer and woman' Manhood is nobler doctrines oi Social Peace and International E'en childhood is safer because of her lite; was due ' rl itration Air hearts loved her fondly, a'll homage We feel that so sron as a man is elected her, the Presidency of the United States he is As nobly she led in our temperance btrife. the representative merely of the ,0 thalc CHORUS. but that he is no 'Uie'epresentatiCe of the party thai en- chieftain, national our Our promoted comrade, to defeat him. We feel also that Our beloved leader, advanced to a throne. fmau exalted position of the of Master, Uie oddest and the power- PresWent Oh, let us'be douu t e work Remember we ne'er ca again piss this way; of modern Republics is no less the of no thought jsittr, representative of the women of his country, We'll folio v our light, ith one ca day. ro the he is the representative ot tne men 01 till we, too, sha'l reply to thm and the We aU:o fed that the si,e ot And there with the ransomed,. the pure Hs country our " I! its numerous population,' itsholy, , stnbilit of its ,ovemWith Christ and the angels forever to dwell, mem all unite in giving you, who are its We'll t reel F.arices Willard and dea- Mrs.Ba.ley, wel- nuuL a 'Vi tuu to W.i ypiir' .. otCouncil eanstituericy, ..namely., of Rhvde IlnU,,, which is addasd ti, 