WOMAN S vKXi'OiNfc'M Judith sitting as s1 In 11 ch m'fl V" and IJen Warner uo, "vUUw-?k'- to l f "'molli'eTs Tooirf wficTt "all blushes and j ."can t piuck. up courage-1okiuuvi: wclined to cry, she sat down at her in0ib-.sfie is too Sarah Ann, for nii'I as whi'per; feet and without waiting.opeued tliMi,.M"r-the to a man for question.' proper'" dare'op "Ma don't you think we ought to hav', is in love with, minister our aU same the hut wedding this Thanksgiving ?' Jud o, , , Whit-old Deacon be he'll her, and getting Isen W arner liaye keepm for to him." ing r,jeak about seventeen years, why 'can't ii,. .""Hattie you're ""too saucy for anything, married? I want to invite Almira twtoU Ann blushing-lSarali stop your nonsense," home' with me next vacation and have tH? protested. soutii chamber fixed up Cine, everyth- i"Ot I know what you alf think, but I am renovated,, and IJettie says eVerybuJy tired of waiting for you girls to Ret married. see our minister isin love with Sarah An Kvery thing is ready for you, and there's a V "Why Hattie, think of his children ' dowry, too, to go along with the house Judge. "No pa, that isn't all, but if I can have a twins too, and his wife not a year dead do of linen and what's goods, and there's-chestand let you know what you're saying mydtkr1 to hinder a wedding this Thanksgiving. wedding, I don't care if its my own it. We are happy as we are, don't tunnht I've been thinking of the south chamber, the old maids go on teaching if they likethe house upside down with new ideas, you' Klsie says they do good in the out of I'm just longing to decorate it my way." the baby remember." "Now Hattie that is going too far, 'little way places helping to civilize jeople. Hut only ""A very much at self help, wearing " baby now na girls should be seen and not heard,' said they're not doing much I have seen a few things "since I to their lives out teaching other people's chileven Aunt Lottie the thinks be its too Augusta, improving "That's' all right, but I'll not be puYafT dren when they might on a todiave such hard house full." own?" their some of pa race by. having I know more than you think, that way. Aunt Lottie shouldn't be fillintr it "Vour whether a doubtful "Isn't that I haven't been to high school just to learn question ?MtheN Judge sugyour head with rubbish, she has .too . much grammar and Kuclid, I looked into a few would be an improvement t gested, not really knowing wdiat to say to i'lime ana kxj mucn monev. ant t imtc , other things." are slow in Berrytown I know.but her buys "And picked up some slang," interposed his saucy little daughter. "Of course its according to whom they are sending her money all rfght since the Judith, "which we can't tolerate. I intend Colonel's death," the Judge replied. to speak to mother about your uncommon marry." Lottie' was Judge Denton's sister and had "Evidently you've been. studying physiknowledge of things." married a rich man and lived high, kept m "And Miss Judith I intend to do some- ology," said Klsie. "And several other 'ologies, and the .an. establishment . that fairly frightened her thing for ou and the other grown girls in this family and get you married off." philosophy of marriage, and looking at the relatives away, and in her husband's lit", "How dreadiul!" .all four echoed at matter from a financial standpoint, pa can 'time paid little attention to her brother and once., j$ut Jonathan me eiuesi son, a marry without a fee, so we needn't consider his family (he- had been in the habit of calling on her when his busiuess look him to lawyer, coming in suddenly heard that side of the question." witli dismay the exclamation, and with a "Joking aside, this is altogether carrying Augusta twice a year or oftener) but aYttr look of inquiry turned to his sister Hattie, things too far. its not becoming," protested. her husband's death having no daughttn,. the prime favorite of all the family, for an Judith, "and we're wasting our precious had entreated him to let her have one out time with all this nonsense, and the baking of the seven, and when the Judge and his explanation. ' Well its all because I want to get them will be spoiled." wife talked the matter over they decided to "And your reputation as good house- let Hattie go to Augusta to school ar.d stay.'' married, its diigh time they were everywives, eh Judith!" provokingly put in with .her aunt meantime, and she had made body says so." Hattie. "Well pa we'll have a wedding good use of her eyes and ears, for her aunt's "Kverybody says so," all the girls repeated "Whose gossip are you repeating this Thanksgiving if I have to suggest it house was the resort of fj.shiouable peochild?" myself to one of the many bachelors' who ple, many of them women who had betn "'Widow Mills told Bcttie- and she told frequent this house; and if one of you girls abroad, and had- imbibed ideas not altme, and said 'Hattie you marry while don't marry why I'll run away to Vermont ogether inkeepihg with Puritanism, and you're young and fresh and pretty, and and jget married, as I'm not of age yet, so Hattie had come home determined on don't teach "school until vou're as cress as it you wqnt to preserve the family, hotior n rinac&t ic--re vol u t ioi t; S heTTaiHrrirrcd . 1. ana s ana re nave crow two sticks, immaculate, get married." it to Ruth, her sister next older, who fully you gray feet and-- -" The Judge was puzzled. He knew it agreed with her and had noticed of late her Hut Hattie was cut short in her explanawas time the girls were married, he was mother's failing health, and dreaded the tion, for in walked her father and all was getting old, and the two older ones had time when unexpectedly there might be a quiet directly, you might have heard a pin been teaching twenty years.and he believed funeral in the family, and 'she knew if in marriage, had settled in life when drop. young mother went father would not be long. She much-nois"Girls you were making so I himself and he "was often sort of chaffed had been her mother's "stay and staff" and thought you must be having a real good about his seven unmarried daughters, and always took care of her in the sweetest way,.. time, but you look as demure as so many always replied that they were all in love mag!e her the daintiest caps and washed her : kittens. " with their father, which was true in a way,-fo- pretty lares. Mrs. Denton was always and "Well pa we were, at least I was having where! had not seen his like they ever the lady, and the girls were all proud any some fun at the expense of my staid, proper Hut really it was a serious matter, aycl. no of their mother, who had been a sort of belle sisters, they're as dignified 'as Quakers, and one had ventured to broach the subject be- - in her da5r and had many sweethearts,andin I've been telling them a few things and lore, out Hattie had been the pet of all the her own mind she often wondered why her shocking their sensitive pride terribly." family and took liberties that no other memgirls had not been sought after, but gener"Suppose you tell me Hattie what its ber of the household would have done upon ally came to the conclusion it was bethat all about.' V she had any accourtd-acome home cause they were isolated and had come away "Its about getting married. andT dovt from Augusraaud had beenjust with up in that, out of the way place, just as the mind saying there are too many of us .for crowds of girls who .were out mingling from the conolder girls were beginning to go into you to keep, and as for Jonathan and Sam- trol 4of parental authority, and talked freely Judge Denton left his city practice uel they are too old for any nice girls now, to eachL other. as school she in do, made girls Portland when summoned to the death and the house is too small any way for so bold to lay hold of both horns of the dilembed of his father and promised him to keep many of us, and we haven't a. married one. ma at oncer, much to the discomfiture of her me old home, and in fact he had met in all tire family," and Hattie stopped to sisters who had been ko disciolineH Jn th;r up : with heavy losses- - through trusting his catch her breath. "with a sedate father and a mother who da' friends and was grown distrustful; and Iud.rf Dfntnn he 1fMn?l v r ttwuio-- tin was so engross-e- with domestic duties that thought to settle down cn the old fafnTand were passing sentence 1n a court room in- - she hadn't time to the girls; this was bold on to the marry land which had been "his quirea, aaaressing ntmseit to tlie goodly one of her frequent excuses to .those who lather's pride "and highest ambition, would company ' of young women, "What do you alluded to the matter" in her ' as be presence more satisfactory after all than battling propose ? neighbors will in. New England pry into for a Hattie not in the least abashed, though family affairs, even, if place among thecmany of his personal are. you miles awav. fiends who were the others winced perceptibly, replied ,1 The for officer"': MrsJudge withdrew not knowing what Denton had taken striying it hard at first, for she thing m tins have an "idea "the house would be .weddings, and then we more wings to wouldn't have to add-anIts time we had a the old mansion. deany way, and what could be more and lightful, we've all got white dresses and black dresses and vull sorts of finery, Judith'and Klsie have been teaching and .bearding round here and there until every Vercountry .village about in .Maine and mont wants a change." "Is that all, have youfinished ?" said the most-usefu- l a -- . ! : wed-din- g iK-e- n - " .' y . ! ' - ; . ' s j , j : over-grow- n nu J ! -- j j I 1 1 . . - . mii-lledged- , - " -- -- . . - - mak-in- g . t 1 1 . e " r s . com-pan- y. -- ... - .7:. . - 