ROMAN'S KXiNhNT.. Vcr .U.'j WOMAN'S R.(SiEUXR ASStn B. Lxi ON EN. J C-- RdiU'r. - WELLS, IYBLLS CASNQX i), in Sail jkke City, Utah, Pn)!;shel. Term.;;. oni copy one ye.tr, $l.oo; one copy six months, 50 ch. No reduction made tor clubs. City papers delivered by miil, rxtrd (or postage one ye.tr, 55 eta. A Ivertisipj' rates: Ivich square, ten lines of nonpareil dissp.ice one time, i J.50; per month, $300. A liberal count tu regular advertisers. , emi-taonth- lf, 7" E x 10 N tUt onjce,"Roo m "20 E Te m pie t otfpS orrth Tr ra -- p'e Street. Iluisness hours d.iy, except Sunday. Address all business communications to PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, From 10 a. m. to 5 p. tn. every Entered at the Pest Ofict in Salt Lake City, Utih, as matter second-clas- s THE NEW YEAR 1,"" a 15 1898. 1898. Wirhope and trust-i- t is not too late-fo- rthe "Exponent" to send a New Year's Greeting to all its patrons and readers, and to wish a prosperous as well "as a happy new year to all who may chance to see or become interested in its welfare and well-beinAnd most truly do we wish that this year now fairly begun may be full of. of good to Utah and to the Joy. And promise '' .(. Tli.l. country 01(' wmcn uian is a parr. g. ' A. . That' prosperity may increase and health and happiness abound and everything that will tend to the best interests of the people in these m untain vales, is most sincerely to be hoped for. Surely the hand of the Lord has been wisely manifest in the past and the blessings that tend to build up-- a gn at commonwealth have been vouchsafed in rich abundance, the industry and diligence of the laborer has been well rewarded and thcic i" cftijKiratively speaking.' This people did not come into these valleys with the expectation of great wealth, on the contrary they came from religious motives, and that they might have a safe abiding place for themselves and those who desired to gather with them to build up Ziour and endeavor to keep the commandments of Gdd. And year after year their numbers and ..possessions hae increased; they have extended their borders and built up towns and cities, temples and institutions of learning, and made the waste places beautiful, and the land a delight to all, and the Lord has b:en their shield and guide and protector, and in worshiping TTirn lioc Kftn tVioJr coTctu Men and women alike are free and equal under the laws of the new state, and for our Father this blessing we should-thanin heaven, that there is no oppression, and 'that we. enjoy privileges for 'which others have been striving in older states for half a century in vain. Throughout Utah at the present time there is no-- real povertyr-th- e cry of the is not Wherever there are any heard, poor who are needy from any cause whatever, there is also plenty of food and raiment if their wants are made kno.wn. The system of looking after the poor established by the leaders of this people according to the order of the Church is such as recommends .itself ' to all who have examined into its .practical methods and application, for it reaches all cases.. We have great reason to rejoice that we 5 . havenot sufiwedfrom-f- o J 1 K . Kixt-lan- d - 1 " faun-lia- 1 1 1 1 . m, - -- and-ever- 'There's a bli s beyond all that the minstrel has '. . told, When two that are linked in one heavenly tie, With heart never changing and brow never cold. Love on thro' all ills and love on till they die. One hour of a passion so sacred is worth Whole ages of heartless and wandering bliss; And oh if there be an Elysium on earth, " It'is thL it is this." - truth.-Madam- 1 very handsome couple. The young man is the son. of the City Councilman, F. S. Feru-stroand the, girl is the daughter of the late Robert Russell and his wife, ..My ra Young Russell. Miss Pearl Russell is the granddaughter of the late- Joseph Young, President of the Seventies. A few relatives and friends assembled , at the residence of the bride's mother where a fine and delicious dinner was served and congratulations were tendered the happy young people. The bridegroom expects to leiLVp on a mission to Scandinavia on the 22nd inst. The "Exponent" tenders hearty and sincere congratulations good wish for future happiness. k " addressed .the conference in the, jfiHur-rbciv- e . The silk industry was' Cue of the brinem; subjects dwelt upon by several of the stx-iers. Sister B. J. Simons gave some mu-resting reminiscences,. of tUe days of and the Prophet Joseph, witlwhoui " she had been personally acquainted, Ma da mi: Lviha Mamrkofp Von r;N. k i. v. sr I K M o i n T o r D visited Salt Lake City for a few; days during the prev'nt niontlj and while here called on some of' the friends with whom she had beconie",c- qu.ainted during her sojourn here before going to California. Tlie Madame is favor. abl impressed with Utah and its pcn-l- -' especially those who came here from religious motives; she'had frequent opportunities of defending our people while in California and did not hesitate to tell the Mountford is a. most remarkable woman; her wonderful personality is jar. ttcularly striking; in conversation she is things. "She" brilliant versatile and scholarly. .Therefore it behooves us all to serve Him makes friends immediately with those to and keep His laws and commandments, that whom she is attracted. Madame Mountford we may be partakers of the promises He has addressed the large, congregation in the Tabernacle on Su nday alteryoon J.mu ,ry to establish righteousness an peace, 8, the substance of her remarks, are given and the salvation of the living and of the in another r part of this paper. She is dead. The millenium cannot come until with the Scriptures as also with 'the there is a people ready for it, and that we land of Palestine and the regions round may be instrumental in bringing about the about .where, the Savior ami. His Apostles' time when peace shall reign instead of war traveled and preached the truths of the GosJ. and wickedness and bloodshed, all who love pel. Madame Mountford bade good bye to ana nouness not snouiu omy pray purity Salt Lake City and" her friends here .on but work most earnestly. Tuesday eeniiig and left for Toronto where she will remain a short time, then go. on to Ne.v York and will probably sail A BEAUTIFUL MARRIAGE. for Europe in April, from whence bhe will Mr; Henry F. Fkrnstrom- - and Miss return to her home in Jerusalem. She Pearl Russell were married on Thursday, does not expect to visit America again in Jan. 4, 1898 at one p. m. in the Salt Lake this century. Temple by Bishop John R. Winder. Both . Tin: new 'Club House of the Ladies , or scourges of Various kinds as'rnany states J and for these and many other things,! ve" should be exceedingly grateful. Hut in many things as a people there is great room for improvement nevertheless, and for this we should "strive that we may grow better as well as wiser, for while knowledge of various kinds is on the" increase let us not forget 'the wise old saying "Knowledge There puffeth up but "wisdom edificth." maf be great danger" unless special care is taken t'lat. the learning ortKe7worldvnh- out htmnhty and faith in God will lead astray, and men will trust to science and to the skill and ingenuity of their fellow-meinstead of acknowledging God "who .is the gieat Author of. all and by whose, power and divine inspiration all things are revealed He alone whether they be new or old. holds the keys of life and death and the Scriptures say He is angry with none save those who" will not acknowledge Him in all . -- ' v. n Salt Lake Citv, Utah. Salt Lakr City. January -- 1 1 bers and invited guests on Friday, January 7, 1S9S twenty-onyears .from its organization. It was a glad day. for the Club, and indeed all club women should rejoice when such material, progress is made, for these things all help and give a permanent significance' to woman's advancement. There is ever an inspiration in the home and there will doubtless be fn the honie-othe club;- much can be done in various ways that it was exceedingly difficult to do when the club was not so well located. Mrs. e - manner, Mrs. Arthur Brown gave the report of the building committee, after which-shpresented the House and grounds to the club in a very graceful speech. Mrs. Nelden thanked the committee in behalf, of the club in an appropriate way. Mrs. Gilchrist read a paper on the history of the club in the past. Mrs. Vpllmer sang two German ballads, and Mrs Rovle, who is styled the ."Mother of the Club," read a paper entitled "The Life of the Club." Georgia Snow Carlton who opened her home for the first meeting of the club made, e -- r impromptu remarks and Mrs. Plum-mesang "Winken, Blinken and Nod," Mrs. Inglehart read some- - poems of Paul Lawrence Dunbar (negro dialect) in the dialect, which every, one enjoyed. Several n collection , 0I " of valnp wprp a few EDITORIAL,; NOTES. We had the pleasure of - attending the Relief Society conference of Utah, Stake held at Provo on Friday Jan. 131898, Mrs. Mary ohn.nresidine.Althonfrh tliP i vlnahi Knrlrc fmm fro weather" was severe there was a good at- - piano from Mrs. Bamberger, dancing floor tendance-somof the sisters having come '.finish from Mr. Nelden. beautiful vase and frrvm ou. Jcf'i nro, flip r. nnn r nk hnn m ic; n t ins. iv. nnrt iiwtii a" viijwiiv-- v"x- - ra 'uuoc ncic vciv vruod. 'arnar nns imm : :eautL:was of yue; s - 1 i h-c-- q .; 1 - t--i- . 