WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 11 CM AMI Y FOR CUB '"rsHatfKci" On . v . . Ihi . She might rt?i-.ii-v n rrnl 4: ii lwr respects are as Lad or .worm for. tarr-- - t? of restraint than the former were, for undue by, making her his counselor, But, to' mnirit.-ii"in restriction. Fathers are no lnm'er looked thf hnme the nn'vr nrnrvr t i up iu a, ieauers, or even as counselors in government, and once more to impress up. many homes; and .mothers who- - fail by on of her faithful boy, the weighword and example in doing their part to inlesson which she has so often repeated to ty stil into their children's minds and hearts him, of looking to his parental head lor due respect for their lathers, will also fail the solution of all such important and diffiin retaining" the respect which as mothers cult questions, she says. "I must not they should .havea right to expect from their answer this, my son; I'll tell.yo.u what we ' children. will do to get the correct, answer. We will The children certainly have rights also, txjth of us pray unitedly that your father which should be as carefully' guarded by may be inspired to give you the. right conn-- , the parents as their own. And one of sel in regafd to this matter. And we must these sacred rights is the right to be wisely be satisfied with what he' shall say about it. disciplined, and taught during infancy and Give him his own time to consider the subchildhood the beautiful home lesions which ject, and make up your, mind that what lie every mother should delight in .teachiug," decides will be the best for you, now and those lessons of the heart rather than of always, and it will never fail you." If ll;e mother had hilt before hand that such a the head. First of all to know God as being truly declaration would ' be lessening her influence our Father'in Heaven. Yes, first to know with her son bv pointing liitn to higher God. I believe the baby, may u'ith its authority than her own, the feeling floes very first awakening to understanding, not remain afterwards. She h?s doneherI draw from its mother's breast the spirit of duty both to her child and his father, an faith and love and trust With its daily her reward is in the satisfaction she feels nourishment. The spirit of prayer, which over it. And when a few days later the father's with infant breath may be wafted to the Heavenly Presence and recognized, even decision is given, and proves to be the same before the lips can lisp the first syllable. that her own must have been, and their Thus the education commenced before birth boy, though greatly disappointed," says (if begun aright) goes on without cessa- manfully, "That settles it !" and with a heroism "which- the parents had scarcely tion. The next lesson after prayer, I beliere, dared hope for in their boy", he throws olf should be unselfishness. With these two the old Midea"as scon as possible, rnd with,, lessons firmly established iu the child's out giving any. one trouble over it, interheart and anind, all the other matters per- ests himself in whatever the rest of the taining to the highest home education will household a;e interested in, that mother follow in their courses easily and naturally. feels a thousand times repaid for any sacriIt is perfectly natural for an unselfish per- fice she has ever made for that boy. But son to be polite. The Golden Rule, "To there are mothers and boys who do not have do to others as you would be done unto," such happy terminations to some of their And yet knotty questions. is all there is to true politeness. iu do etch life. We mothers sometimes have much to politeness has so much to the To be able to lay self aside and study grieve over iu our children that might be is so in interest of others, finding joy doing, avoided, if every household would form it- indeed one, of the highest attainments to sMf into a "Mutual Improvement Associa- which mortals can hope to reacii And yet tion." for the purpose of home education ,it really is among the first ana most .im- In such ari organization the tiniest tot that portant lessons which can be placed before could speak as well as the parents, grandthe child. parents, older children, hired help, and If there is anything in the world that a every resident in the home would be learnmother- might be justified in allowing hering daily lessons of usefulness and happiness self to be a little selfish over, it is the love superior in some respects to any lesson that v and confidence of her children. Yet even may be learned at school. L. iu Greene Richards. in this she must be particularly guarded, or she will make mistakes which will bring regrets instead of pleasure. Iu taking all Mrs. Stanton's Letter. It is our the parental care, and responsibilities which on both legitimately belong to her (and they form duty to kindle the fires of liberty no mean portion) a mother must be very continents and on all the islands of the sea. exact in the measurements of many im- I know that war makes great suffering, 'what we call peace under the portant items, which will be submitted for and so does her consideration, lest she trespass upon" competitive system.for the mass of mankind; the rights of that superior adviser, that My sympathies go out to our boys in rags lawful head of the household, the father of in'our mines, factories, jails and prisons, and to the despairing mothers who can her children. clothes nor a sure A son, perhaps in all the freshness and give them neitrretsfod, mothabiding place-Leglory of early manhood,, comes to his the fight go on until every tyrant er with a question of more than usual im learns that by divine right every man and set- -' to have is which he impatient portance the title deed to enougli of this tied at once. He takes her in his arms, as woman has home from grown green earth for a permanent she used to do by him before-he-ha-d which no person can eject them. When taller, heavier and stronger than herself.. and constitutions, creeds and The thought of the changed condition the laws both codes do this, the State and Church will brings a happy,' grateful feeling toneceshave a new value. We see the signs on all mother and son. Then he urges the sides of the new day- dawning when the sity of an immediate decision being, made. system will give place to the Kisses her and pleads again that she will competitive of new gospel no longer hesitate, but answer the question - .: f i n w d -- , . . Our fathers' fl.ig to thee ..We lend, oh Cuba free i ttvc's loyal sign; We give our brave and best, From freedom's mountain crrst To bring thee peace and rest, Oh ! Cuba mine. ! . We send our sons and sires To liht sweet freedom's fires On thy fair sea. These comrades b!ue and gray Clasp hands upon the way, United, each shall say - "Rise, Cuba free!" t- - r I.N CM. . the-min- n Woman's Tribune. . I r ri . ir . .... IjAIKU iHAKJ . old extremes, in relation toV these man . 'nuny a shore. new-Uoj- - the sea bravest sons, With freedom's booming guns To "save the starving ones Forevermore. Antilles, fiirest Jenrl, flag unfyrl Thy With 'silver j tar Star that shall light the waves, Above our brothers' graves Who hold the flag that saves The tide of war. Spain's yellow ensign must He trailed in Cuban dust For child and man, Forgot their woes and pains From iron heel uf Spain, Renu mbering the Maine In freedom's van. We-ofle- 1 r At . -- WE MOTHERS. The Mothers' Congress held in this (Salt Lake) city recently, awakened no small amount of interest among our ladies, both young and aged. I3ut so many other things crowding quick and fast upon us. fermrthatrthc i in terest aroused may wane before any great .amount of good shall have been effected by out growths from the Congress. However, a subject of such great importance as more enlightened motherhood, should not be dropped nor lost sight of, but continuously agitated by converts to its cause, until every one comes to understand that it is a matter that concerns each individual, all communities and the whole world. . That great man Oliver Wendell Holmes, who was ever a staunch friend of woman, is credited with being the originator of the announcement that a child's education should be commenced a hundred years before its birth. That is all , very well for. those people who shall live a few generations after us; but whatever our own early education may have consisted in, either before or after we were born, what we are really most concerned about today is and ought to bej)ur own and our children's ad- vancement and development in the most essential and saving elements of present . ' ' . . and eternal" progression. This high education, wThich, if wre mothers are to impart or even to assist in imparting to the children, must first become the governing principles of our own lives. Family government in these days has become, to a great extent, democratic rather than patriarchal, as in ancient times. The . . - , . " - . co-operati- "t - 