. r . , rx tv w.-.-v- ....... ...1 t. . '. ... ...... .., r:"' --. the time, but which will come, in useful uite a little sum was in the future, also realized in cash', store pay, tithing pay ami factory pay, all of which will assist in the good work. Now as to the labor accomplished: HOW TO BUILD A GR ANARY ON NOTHING. .Ti.ii: St. George Relief Society was in a quandary.. Conference hail closed and for ' . the .thousandth time the subject of the storBut ing of grain had been discussed. time the Spirit hail seemed more urgent than ever before. With an omuious hanging over our very heads; with tales of sulfering and starvation of the most appaling nature in various parts of our little earth being, brought to us daily; with Lite frosts nipping the tender buds of our fruit trees right at home, the theme refused to be folded away in its accustomed napkin to await the regular quarterly resurrection'. There it hovered, outlined in bold relief against a background of foretold want and misery and refused to be downed. ..But what was to le done? An inventoiy of the resources of the Society revealed half somn finished. i1n7(n tintrh . work nnilf others in course of construction; a few pairs ofpaitly linished stockings and socks, a limited quantity of carpet rags, and a very small amount of credit at the various industrial and- manufacturing- concerns of the . country. 'But we've got to have a' granary, said the officers. "There is no getting 'around it. It haunts us night and .day,, and we .cannot afford to have cur health ruined by insomnia," so they puttheir heads to The result was ' a committee. gether. Wh.it that committee was about was" for a time a secret. But it finally leaked out that, we were. to have a "Bee."- It was not to be a rag bee or a quilting, but a wBee" to which all our husbands and brothers and sorts were to be," invited. They were not "to sip tea and knit socks for Sam, Dick and Harry, but were to bring themselves, their wagons "and teams, gather the material and Masonry . . . . . . - . 5. 00. 12. GO. ' are interested in their Mutual Improve::;.: Associations. W e rejoice that wr. arc possession 'of a.' religion that will make happy people. The District Court is in session at :! time,- and as usual divorces are being cY;V It is alarming, I thin ,: for and granted. that so many divorces seem to !e nerdr:: I hope that our young people will, ait i believe they do, appreciate the plain conn -they are getting; truly the ax is being !..; if tJif- - mot of the tree.- I believe nnc and iinnlm a1iv so much oettv ness arises in so many families couimf through lack of confidence irr" one another nrViTr f1??c lirtr nf rnnhrLrc' would trace it back sometimes we would f. it was because of undue liberty before ; .;. riage; and therefore lack of confideur;-onanother. leads to disrespect and d; au sptct to hate, hence the only see out is to get divorced, and often - - - Total work on granary - - - - , . - anticipate any trouble in. getting grain to put into it. We trust that the end and aim of this communication may speeilily be icuhzcd i;i leaning of some other struggling Society making an efiort m this necessary direction. granary. Ailay was set, and such a response At men a n least one hundred and seventy-fivboys, with twenty 4ive good teams and wagons made lively times in the vicinity of There being a great many the Lyceum. more than could be utibzed on the granary a brigade, was organized to clear up the streets . and renovate erodings, etc. , and another to devote themselves to fixing up the Tabernacle grounds. Such a spirit of unity and good feeling as prevailed an "ng them is seldom witnessed. Every oie seemed desirous of doing somebody ,else a good turn, and seemed the happier when- ever- a silent circumstance or acciaenc rena- ered assistance necessary. During' this time the laiies of the popu lace were not idle,' as the fallowing very As one of the' tempting menu will testify. committee remarked. "We seated one hun dred and fifty men at dinner, and fed the five thousand in the evening." "And did you gather up ten basketsfull after the feast?" I asked. "I really believe did," was the reply. Chickens roasted and boiled, Jft'nu: sixteen; baked beans, sixteen pans; tomaloaves; toes, ten quarts; bread, forty-sithree cans; butter, twenty pounds; salmon, rice puddings, eggs fried, thirty dozen; three seven; beef, large joints; ham, three pounds; picklarge dishes; potatoes,-thirtles, eight quarts; milk, eight quarts; sugar,. twenty-five- , pounds; pies, one hundred and ! e Julia A. Pace, St. George Stake. A RAMBLING j : . e is Cor. Sec. LETTER. beginning tbwane and the at-Willo- x : - T e way-rhe- -- 1 umpig-o- u t of-- 1 quarts; tarts ad infinitum. rFalld liimi W th"e':iibt?Te.raT were gi ven in which cdul not be used, at y lie fry i n g; - pan- -i nre. Are we profiting by the many s'err.: we hear ? - A woman who was born i:i Church but had married into an a family, said to me one day that she 'could see little dilference in church goirg people or in their children who attended School, and those who did not; she fa: ,4 see any difference in those who pray- those that were, taught to pray, and tlr .; Her children, she "said, wep: who did not. just as good, as anyoody's, and they did r. . pray. I told her that we who attends;! meetings and prayed did not profess to he perfect., that the Church was a school and some of us are very dull and slow to learn it is true, and profit very little by jitter.'!; ng meetings perhaps; but there are two natures in mankind, hunjan and divine: "To err v.'.. , human; .to forgive divine." The pray cultivate the divine nature, they .an forgive. I said to her "You, are not ha ppy when you treasure up "some trine wc.cn you imagine is so bad that a neighbor cr neighbor's child has done or said. You may sometimes forgive one who believes as von do hut one who is trvinrr to b'e a Saint you cannot forgive; you do not seek the spirit of forgiveness." She said, "Well I am satisfied, I would not have my children blessed . nor baptized, because 1 will not allow religion to interfere when their father does not believe in it. He is a. good pro vider and that is all I want." "Well '' i aid. "we will not en'iov this life always anaSwe must prepare for an eternity. want my.children to go to Sabbath School, also to be baptized and confirmed, that they' may be able toultivate, if they are dili gent, the higher nature, this is the ODiect I believe,; of all rehgiousmeetmgs whether of individuals, associations,Sabbath. Schoiji meetings or meetings of wrorshipd2ey are for the cultivation of our higher natures If the partakers of all these benefits are. nc any better for them it is not the fault o f the Church nor the teachers in lie Church, but those who are idle." . That" we may still work for the building, desire of up of the kingdom ' - t . is-th- e . --the- " C farmers are commencing to prepare for seed time. The school land is, in themarket, nnrl relatives; nrp rnrrtincr mir Tripn hereto make their homes and fortunes in The boom-,er- s this land of "Uncle Sam." land is all that seems to be lying idle now; perhaps when all the rest is improved' this will sell to someone who needs a home. We had a good attendance at our Relief Society conference, which was held at Idaho Falls on the nth' of last month.- - The house wras comfortably filled, especially in the afternoon, although it, was blowing a very keen wind from the south. The new meeting house is a very nice" edifice and does credit to the ward. I hope we will be Creek. We received as successful some good instructions from the presidency of the Stake, also from Sister Bennett and counselors, our lady presidency of the Stake XGrandma., of Bingham,, ..Our young people are looking Willow CreekBingham, Idaho. Torward to a treat, their conference coming on the i6th of this month. We are very proud of this Association. Our officers both "Empress Acousta Victoria, of Ger of the Stake and of the warcLare efficient in- - many found 144 German servant' girls last : - Winter . iea-lous- loads In addition to the above thirty-fiv- e of shale were hauled into the Tabernacle cross-hiii- S yard, nearly as many more at street and a number of loads pf rock for the new school building in course of construction.' All this, with the good work of the street crossing committee would foot up a grand total, could we arrive at the exact figures. n tertai nmen UwaslenderecLlhe gen A tleraen;' their wives and sweethearts, in the evening in the theatre. A nice program was rendered, tempting, refreshments served after which the remainder of the. time was " spent pleasantly in dancing.. Dear Aunt Km and the readers of the "Exponent" pardon this long contribution. I have given, the particulars thus in detail - some in- - the- - hope that others having similiar desires, but adeficien, cy of the wherewithal, to go forth and do likewise, with this example of successful eilort before them. Our granary7 will have a capacity of two thousand bushels, and we expect to have it ready to receive the wheat at harvest time.. Our success has made us bold, and we will be pardoned lor asserting, that we do net , w-- 57-50- . ; i DuiKl a .$1.15,00- - Rock hauling, 06 perches Clay, to loads. . . Sand - war-clou- d, 4 about.. r t glad to see' the young pec-pl- growing Up to servants' cross for having fwim-ene -- ; of the Gospel, which they do when they Berlin" iamiiry:-- - Unty-on- e years was touna- u lived-forty- -- 4 or.ai.iien C7 " -- 