TIIt)UGHTS'v BMMRLINE 'J. WELLS, M4UUt C9lrWr. UN NIK WRLLi CAN HON (C Utah, .Published , in Salt Lake City. six months, one one copy one year, $i.oo; copy dehv- $o ct. No reduction made for clubs. City papers err d by ma.il, extra for postage ane year, 25 eta. Advertising rntes: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil disp ice one time $2.$o; per month, $3 00. A liberal advertiicrs. count semi-month!- V .Woman's Having been asked "Does the ballot purify politics?" in .responding my LVtor. - - .,- ft " ;, lnis; 'enthusissli are the? Dear old Santa Claus ! What gladness W orings to many tnousancis ot nomes, and alas for those bereft of children or where 'so none ever came to bless and kindle new But the children life in human hearts. Santa' Claus belongs especially to them' : they watch for him carefully, continuously getting up at unseasonable hours to try and surprise him and to see which way becomes; whether over the roof with his reindeers and sled and down the chimney, or ... through the window, or' stealing in softly when the door is open and biding until all are asleep in the house to make his raid as What fantastic visions the Brownies do. the little folks conjure, up of the visits of Santa Claus.. Christmas is the day of all days for the little folks, no other day in the year is so attractive, not even the 4th 0! July with its flags, barriers, music, parades and booming of cannon; nor yet the child's own birthday when he is "cock of the walk," so to speak. Is it because of the delusion of Santa Clans that fires the child's imagination ? partly so it must be. Ajd those of older growth, they, too, are with delusions and fancies. And il this only happened one day in the year one might be more excusable. This? is the day "of love in every household, ot peace on earth and good will to all mankind, and every one who feels the importance of the sweet charity the Savior taught and practised should himself exercise that sweet spirit of sublime and heavenly grace which reflects as much upon the The scripture says giver as the receiver. "It is more blessed to give than to receive," and it is a divine truth, as many can testify. undertakes for the betterment of humanity To know how to. give acceptably is an her very purity of motive and exalted views nrt in itself and one which many people do bring about an uplifting .wherever her in- not understand; to give ostentatiously is alfluence spreads. It is the soul-typin woan even though the giver man, that sacrifice of self, that obedience to ways have offense, the best of motives. It is true the Savjpr's golden rule, "Do to others as may a wide door for gifts that Christmas ye would they should do to you," that is to loved ones asopens well as for charity, but ever helpful. It is that element which made of her last at the cross and first at the sepul nevertheless, careless giving especially feel charity, sometimes makes the recipient chrer alWhen the franchise has been extended he would rather starve. We are all, or over more space, and embraces more people most all, too neglectful of the little courteand peoples, or more nations, then we may sies and proprieties of life; we excuse ourbe able to see what a powerful factor for the selves because there is so much to be done, amelioration and purification of society it and we say this is an age of hurry and buswill become; and, therefore, in conclusion tle. But when one looks around and fhds let me exhort every woman in the states those who do things of this sort beautifully, that have equal suffrage, not to grow indif- in such a way that there is no possible ferent to the power she has in her own pos- chance of criticism, then we wonder whaHs well. session, the ballot; and because tvoyears-o- the reason that others could not do as more have not worked a miracle toss A gift is not so much in itself as in the manner of giving. aside the weapon of defense and of authorChildren should be taught to give in the ity given her; but with an effort worthy the most profound patriotism use her utmost spirit of love and sweetness, and then there endeavors to induce Congress through its would be greater pleasure and more satislegislation to carry the sixteenth amend-- " faction in small things. As a people we ment, which has been so long pending be- have grown so selfish ourselves with the fore that Honorable Body. prosperity the Lord has blessed us with, There is no other vitalizing force that can that we feel unless we can give largely we perrneate every-hoand appeahto every must not give at all. Yet when we look individual citizen as the ballot can. thereback and recall the early days in this valley fore it must be the mightiest lever to and the few little comforts we had for the uplift and to regenerate the world. children at Christmas time and compare it with the present, its loads of toys and beautiful as well as useful things it seems inCHRISTMAS AGAIN. credible. And are we happier or better, or are the children any more satisfied ? We '?e 'Coras Christmas again with all its think not. The molasses candy, ginger ..delightful accompaniments and memories bread and dough-nut- s Santa Claus brought t;,w .uaJ 1U Mi llie vear tor tne children like then were! as acceptable asthe best sweet- I hmTfTIOC , . f : ituu aoove "rm,u.?r!M legends, - meats and Hiler's n,WrJ'T iait3 wax aolls thaL ail tsanta Ohhc ' frr- can ,u"j Pen and shut their eyes instead of the whom they long and v every pray, iag babies made by their own ma andait, inclination would be to say "Yes.conditions had I being fair," but the experience havewhat accomplish proves it will take years to ' However, the the best women desire. moral and spiritual element with endowed' must which woman is naturally ' realm of produce a salutary effect ' in the ; ; ...... . politics. ....... no nafind If we go back. to history vye tion v& ever wrecked so lor.g as women wielded a powerful influence. Woman is to be redeemed from the curse, and that is the true interpretation of the phrase "The nineteenth century is woman's era" the work has begun and is fast going forward. One of the most potent forces in this revolution of things is the ballot. Women have honorbehind them is not usurped-thithe sentiment and the accumulation of force, if we may be permitted the use of the' term, that the age has brought with it which comes from a source unknown to any except the wise, who see as poets and prophets, do- things that are not perceptible to the natural eye, and hear voices that are not The plan of reheard by the multitude. demption is as real and as Jrue as was the creation. Woman is one of the strongest forces in the spiritual worjd of thought and of action. Who does not know that when awakened by trials, accidents of fortune or misfortune woman turns to God, and seeks strength from the heavenly fountain of inspiration through prayer and devotion, and necessa rily by the sincerity of her purpose in all she de-cided- ly , KaI'unknt office, Room 208 Templeton, South Temm. every ple Streei. Buisness hours From 10 a. m. to 5 p. day, except Sunday. Address ill business communications to rUHLISHKR WOMAN'S EXPONENT, Salt Lake City, Utah. Rnitrtl at J'lkt tit Of.ce n Salt lake City, Utah, as matter. itconi-ciu- i . s Salt Lakk City December 15, 189S. CHRISTMAS THOUGHT. A The agents of the "Exponent" in all the several wards and Stakes of Zion, and also individual subscribers indebted for the &U old paper are urgently requested to settle accounts at the earliest date possible. This becomes. an absolute necessity on account of the change that takes place in the management of the Deseret Evening News. The "Exponent" will not be sent to any subscriber alter January 1S99 unless prepaid. All delinquents will as soon as possible receive written notices of bills due in addition to the printed matter. I In consideration of the value of tbe"Ex-onen- t ' to the Relief Society, and because ' of the work it has done in the cause of frage as well as the general educational help, it has given the women of this country, it seems scarcely possible that women should be so careless of their own interest as to let the paper languish for want of support, yet. the fact remains, and ill- it is im nobble to snyw ha t- h .do in the matter. With the Relief Society of 30,000 women if one tenth of the number would take the paper and pay cash down it could be carried safely, yet that has been looked for, hoped for, and waited for in vain What the "Ex- .. ponent" has done to keep the society in various Stakes and in different parts of the world in touch with each other is of more value 'than, the few hundred. dollars it would take to maintain it independently. Appeal after appeal has been made through the columns of the paper and by those who are its faithful supporters in public and in private, and yet the failure to come forward with financial aid. At one dollar per ear it seems incredible that sisters who have the cause of Zion at heart and who know as many hundreds do know, the generous help the "Exponent" has given in ways almost innumerable, should not immediately raise the necessary funds, through Urge numbers of subscription. Beside the great need the Relief Society has for an organ of its o wn the silk industry needs it .quite as .much and both should have its support through the liberal patronage of the women inter-mounta- -t n-- c-w- dk: in w ' s , ol Zion. ... - There are two things in which we should thoroughly train -- ourselves to be slow in aking offence, and to; be slower in givin it. -- , t i fasti-nate- d - e -- . r me TT-lf- h a r- -. '? 3 . M 