Vr 1 t ia , -" . - '0 ? ' -- J v - i 'iV ' ' Vol; hi m w i i . ir - i 1 VT' 7V0 77 the Hands, i of the Women of Utalshould be a Power to better the Home, the State arid the NaVonV SALT LAKK CITY, UTAH,' JULY 27, i i.us ,Addres. The Red Cross. Relief c0ciliy Hall (iathtriiv- - Noub Nellie. nioriam. jr,,n kiAl: The Kt'-rna- . l M. A. Kobe ts. Volun-Uer- s about the War. A Edito-ri,i- ! Biennial in Denver. Th 'ughts "to pu,RV,! A Utah Ladies b'emi monthly Meeting. R. S and 1. A. Reports. San Luis. Notes. Visit L.Nebtker. Dedicated-Ma- ria dividuality Nan Wilkerson Wood. Charlotte Perkins S Feminine Vision -- Lydii !) Alder. et-so- n , AT THE MENNIAI. lT.DEK.VriON OF .CLUBS IN DKNVI R. being wins'his way alone by choice; d power, Each imM unfold his temper, wo th a Amid the grind of circumstance and time Great netds ambitions." purposes, plans, Tress forward the! de: winds imperative, And clamoring on the threshold ot the heart, Kach "Livingston found in the mountains -- of Central Africa a tribe who placed over the loorway of every hut a skni that meant 'she ruleth here.' Savage instinctlind impulse grasped a principle of equality' and- justice that it has taken ages of Christian-civilizatinti tn flitmvcr. Over the uatewav of Colorado stands the sentiment 'she ruleth here.' Are meirof the West more chivalrous or more just than their Kastern brothers ? JL'Is it a coincidence, or is there an element of truth in the boat of Switzerland, Montenegro and other mountain lands, that altiliberty has a clearer vision in higher tudes ? Certain it is that it is the mountain 4. & Hints the mountains 'vouder with its beams of glory as in the' days of old when man-waking.. iNovv ana men we meet a man 'whose' spirit gropes through the .murky atmosphere of personal appetite. A member of this'class went home last night, nrotested against cold. nota-- . mul at suoner " ..: r.v . ..i. r 1. toes and beeisteat; .nis wne .uy had just returned from her club, asked him . 1 t ' measured the 11 inverse bya good meal. $ie had 'spent the afternoon at a woman's Mnlw1irii;;infrthe weiirhtv problcui.and potentialities of the human race, and cold steak-werbut an potatoes and a poor Go into our homes. .. local issue. and you will find,; certainly, uo;more examples of .heavy bread, of neglected duties and husbands, of ragged and unwashed children, than in states which women's No clubs and suffrage have not invaded. fair, just man can look into jthe eyes of the mother who bore him, or the wiie who and guides the destiny of his own sons, which deny her any club or political right is, hisv ' '"Seifishness will pipe its lament, and when the politicians lealize that equal suffor frage doubles the number of candidates of office without increasing the number offices,, they will anathematize the expansion of the ballot with as much vigor as Lord North cursed the memory of Columbus for discovering a land that had cost him so much in trouble, treasure and defeat. :.; and in "If Mrs. Browning were living Colorado she would have no occasion to write of 'women sobbing out of sight men made the laws,- - for the influence jf j je 'in-"signific- states Colorado, Utah, Idaho and Wyoming only whose statutes recognize that the Creator made no mistake when he placed and free out bold, force to push Crcatejhe man and - woman side by side hr Eden. a. hew must ie.vin.is way; wberewe Jirod Westward the course of justice," as well as bear who for those wait Where kingdoms j empire takes its way. The natural heart of royalty confederation It is fitting that this great of women's clubs should meet in Colorado. Ccmpafiions'true are those who keep Our pace, While you are not a suffrage association And yet encroach not on our liberty; The human sou' so hungers to be free and may not care to vote, the ultimate of be the No tic can hold it back. And so it is, your intellectual aspirations must . elimination of sex from the statutes of Our kinsmen of; become but memories;' to And should we'stand eyes meeting old time eyes, equality. Colorado has added a soprano Theknovt-iedgsure would fi ish from soul to soul, the symphony of political liberty, and we offer our laws, our homes, schools, instituknow thee not Wilkkkson Wood , tions as object lessons to those who would doubt the results of equality before the hw. THJLiiXERNAL-EEMiNiN..(GreaLa pplaiise.) ' - v . ! - . ! 1 3 s ... INDIVIDUALITY. Nos. 1S9S. litKr.mitt GOV. ADAMS' ADDRESS. CONTENTS: ;. '& 15, 1 be-cau- se ....-NA- ' men's clubs, can mould almost E. The following lines give an idea of Mrs. Stet- son's manner of treating the eternal f minine as it is now brought belore us: "You women of today who fear so much The women of the future, showing how The dangers of herxourse are such and such, What are you new? "Mothers and wives and housekeepers.forsootTY! Great names, you cry, full scope to 'rule ar.d please, Room for wise age and energetic youth, - Hut are you these? . you,then,like those of yore, with power and pride, with grace and'i ase ? you ;eep servants only; what is morej - - You don't keep these.' say you;wives,blessed indeed are Who hold of love the everlasting keys 'Wivt-- i ? they-- - . Alas the day ! their husbands' hearts You don't keep these. "And mothers ? Pitying heaven iMark the cry From ! Mothers on their Keepi;jn; ! knees!' " at-fair- the children born as children die ! . You don't keep these. "And the wailing babies come and go, And homes are waste, and husbands' hearts fly e s- 1 what-itrivilhbe-- -- . -- WOMANLY WOMEN. our streets even counting- our 'Upon Arizona Kids, you will T:ii n..rc til yoif-- thing you areT- are - to-kno- -:' men and short-haire- d not see as. many women as in Boston. Our women trom tne , 1. r- -: nave nui M.ry0A uivtnv. tVipir oatronaere eoods and nr. tv, long-haire- d . ... 1, aressmaKci 4- - 1.1 tail Dry - "Women may develope the arts of a statesman, but they can never 1e politicians. When their personal ambition Js at issue our constithey cannot dissemble.5 Since school t' tution women have voted in all is one department of in which politics and venality XTTt.4- liar "Eoveruinent have never louna loagmenv. vvu "" influence has been in our school life is e-a hint everrdirection-wnerof morals and the public, good are coucerueu. When the Israelites were broken withwocorruption and dissension God give a man to judge tliem; ueDoran ruicu mem for forty years, and the Bible adds 'then ' I have never been clear they had a rest. whether the rest came as, a result of her But rule, or because her reign was ended. in our land comejest or come dissension," Deborah is to reign The women's liberashalow-of-thtion movement which under the into Rocky mountains has crystalized is- - not a transient legal enfranchisement, but few of impulse; we stand at its cradle, will reach. us will live to see the limits it Liberty when unchained at Runnyinede, made the circuit of the globe. So with the equality, it is not a summer ripple upontide, i.'fiAni. Knf ft'.,strcjticr. swelling elec-"tha- - Why, ;;P.!f Thereisji WOMEN AS STATESMEN. -- cradle-death-beds- v,- - new legislation. "Woman .suffrage needs' not the defense of results; it is not a question of expediYet no. evil ency but of abstract justice. has comi from the experiment. My testiI received no mony may be biased, for. had women' votes some one else would have had the pleasure of greeting you this morning, criticism come no iust ri.. . . . DUl W iv. tKprp. be women of in public to the participation that dream fond the from no awaking force the union of '.the. vigor, physical moral higherand courage of man with-th- e will weave woman of and spiritual qualities has for our children a fairer destiny than ' . yet come to the race. own. testimony. "While here gather ycur is a woschools of. The state superintendent conman and no office in the state house is ducted with more ability. Half the county of the same superintendents of Colorado areare women, sex, nearly all of the teachers with the pubyet we challenge, comparison Union. lic school system of any state in the -- 4,'Housekeepers?Do Keep hou ;e NEEDS NO DEFENSE. SUri-RAG- CHARLOTTE TEKKINS STETSON. dictate-a- ny 1 1 1. - in ;: e 