27J ShiU ) Maine, lington, who went' down asked and was shown Mrs. Henrotin's letter if she thought it Spoke for all tlie mothers of America. Mrs; Shillington could not read any further than the line, "On us war. will fall the heaviest, for we must give, our Mrs. , sons." ' ' "I've already given one of mine," she said, "ray Harry. But with one boy buried in the mud of Havana Harbor, and another on board a United States cruiser that may sunk in case of war, I have be the first no appeal to make to the President for peace. I am a mother.and I have suffered as to-b- en--titl- 1- - A. 1 , .X-- t 1A mrl tl r A T tltrtt" t Vl ed r C-- feel grateful "to. them Tor "tHq, MEETING. SEMI-MO- ? Minutes of the Ladies Semi-monthl- y meeting held in the 1.4th ward Assembly Hall April 2, 1898, President M. I. Home' presiding! Singing "Arise O glorious Zion." Prayer by LycKa D. Alder.. Singing "Now let us rejoice." President Home announced... that Sister Zir.a Bull, cur seere- tary, had another appointment and called on Sister Lydia D. Alder to act as secretary. Minutes of the last meeting were read and ' accepted. President Home said it was refreshing to meet with sisters who were striving to serve God. We should look at the signs of God the times and read the prophecies. has set His hand ta gather His servants together. He called Joseph the prophet, through whom the. Gospel was restored to the earth. God kept this country for the Saints, that they might be isolated while His judgments pas1-- over the world. "My heart flows with gratitude to our Father more and more every cay. President Can-- " non said the Lord might delay His coming if we were not ready. Are we ready ? Are we prepared? if so the day of rejoicing is I examine my heart to see near at hand. if I am humble, if I am waiting for . His coming. These days are the same as in the .days of Noah, marrying and giving in mar- - j riage even unto the day that the Lord sent Are we living as becomes the deluge. Saints ? Do we pray often ? To we ap- predate the blessings He has bestowed upon lis?- Do we uphold the authorities? God set them there. Do we love one another? We need unity and God will pour out His War seems inevitable blessings upon us. in our land today. It has to come whether we want it or not. Things are moving more swiftly than even lean realize. Faith seems to be waning among the Saints, let us ask God's blessing in what we do. Those that overcome will sit down in our . , j j learned the lesson, for the officers of the Maine have written to me that my Harry never swerved from the strict line of his duty. He never shrank from what was right, and neither will I, and I can give my other boy to my country, if need be, as I did my oldest. "Charlie sailed on the government cruiser Alliance today. His last letter to me said that now he had but one thought, and that was revenge. You see, he is only a boy of seventeen a ndJhejdealh-Q-f his brother filled him with hatred for those who caused it. I Father's kingdom, It is not IhlTTrTissio-rruf-th- e Latter-daSaints to shed blood. When do not feel about it as he doe?. I do not feel any spirit of revenge. I only want to see the call was made for the five hundred for the honor of the country vindicated, so that the Mormon Battalion. President Young said my boy who is a sailor on board a United if they responded not one should be slain, Urged the States ship, can walk the streets of a for- - nor should they shed blood." sisters to Have their patriarchal blessings, eign city ana leel mat tue oiue unnortn mai he wears is respected, and that if he dies she read .her's only a few days ago that was and it his government will demand atonement and given by Patriarch Ilyrum Smith, " that-his something more than the iron was such a blessing .to her. Sister Waterfall said she prized the teachguns or the plating on the side of the vessel' that can be left buried in the muddy ing she received at these meetings, spoke bottom of a harbor and forgotten. of her patriarchal blessing and bore her tes"I have, no criticism to make on the wo- timony to thextruth of the Gospel. Sister Lydia I.AIder spoke on' the words men who have joined in Mrs, Henrotin's ' petition. They wan t to be spared the loss 'VThey also serve who only stand and wait," of their, loved, ones, and I pray God that and bore her testfrnjs Sister Robinson' also bore a strong testithey may be. But He should- let them suf.. fer as I have suffered; if it is for the sake of mony and desired to be faitnful. Sister Carrington bore testimony tothe the dead and dying in; Cuba; if it is for the Lord and thanked liisi' for the sake of our country and her flag, and for .work of the ' , the sake of the boys who were killed on the Gospel. Sister Bullock felt overjoyed to feel the Maine, I can only say to. them as I have : id to myself a hundred and a thousand spirit of this meeting, felt to praise God for times a day, 'It had to be; it had to be. all .His blessings, testified to the answering of prayers and told of a dream she had There was no other way which comforted her. Singing 'Guide us . y j which they taught me the scriptures. The Gospel is more precious to me now than ever, tl world and its pleasures will all pass away, but the love of God endureth for' ever. . Charity covereth a multitude of sins, thinketh no evil, but is altogether lovely." Sister Rogers said she had always wanted do to come to the 14th ward meetings. feel I the not live here, but good influence I feel to bless the young in this meeting. sister who spoke of her affliction and. trusted her heavenly Father." Bore her testimony to the truth of the Gospel, desired to be faithful 'and prepared, spoke of the Temple duties and thought we had better .be ready before the call came. Sister L. L. Greene Richards also sp:k If we have th- -' of the wedding garments. Spirit of the Lord, we will have our wed- . Spoke of the Spirit ding garments ready. of God in the Temple and said it is possibi to have the Spirit of the. Lord that we will in .our temjcral make no mistakes,-eve, Jus never to Asked the blessing of the make mistakes. Lord on all the sisters. Sister Eliza Reddington said she had attended these meetings for years but had never before risen, but desired to be faithful. Sister Fletcher said she wenc to the hospital for- treatment, arid some brethren blessed her said she should be calm and the" angel should overlook the operation, said she had these blessings for her good. She wanted to serve the. 'Iord and keep His commandments and desired the faith of the sisters. Since she went i;to she was better, her arm was better. Her prajers had been answered, she desiredalso.to . serve God and that her children might President Home said God would bless :.U who had testified- this afternoon. Announced the Relief Society conference on Tuesday 5, in the Assembly hall at to a. m. and 2 p. m., also the conference on Wednesday fi. Adjourned for "two weeks. . Sin mrr Doxology. Benediction Sister Julia Howe. , - j j ; winner in . . e perhaps not many of the mothers who have, suffjoined in Mrs. Henrotin's appeal have ered, but I do not shrink at the mention of . war. "We must think of our own, and heaven knows no one could have thought more of her bov thin I did of.the one vho died' on the Maine: but there are mothers in Cuba' who must le thought ofmothers who ha ve seen their little ones starve to death by their sides. Their homes have been destroyed and families sundered and men, women arid children allowed to die like cattle. I have to think of those things. Of course I know the money interests of the country are .to a full share of consideration, but I believe too, in honor. I believe it, and 1 "j. LADIES of Hsjxy Shillings motherwith the n j aTair-.This.wouldena- ble - the-Templ- -- Lydia D. R. S. REPORT. Alder, e Act. Sec. - e WAYNE STAKE. - The Relief Society conference' was held Feb 2S, 1S9S, in the Thurber Relief Society hall. Meeting called to order by Counselor Marj' E. Hanks. Singing "Prayer .is. the souls 'sincere desire. Prayer by Patriarch E. H. Blackburn. Singing "O Lord of hosts we now envoke.". Minutes ofpre-viou- s conference read and accepted. Counselor Mary E. Hanks said she was pleased to meet with the brethren and .sis-iers in Relief Society conference, had enjoyed a spiritual feast at 'the. Stake conference and her heart burned with love for the Gospel. Desired to see the young people step forward in the Church and prayed God to, bless the sisters in their labors. Loa, Thurber and Grover branches .were represented by their respective presidents. Teasdale, Camsville, Aldrich and Giles were O Thou Great Jehovah." also reported by their representatives; all Two or three sisters boreiheir testimony were doing good work and .were energetic and'Sister JVC. Howe said, ''May the Spir- in their labors. it of God never leave us to ourselves. re V Stake President ane rS? Coleman was have listened to the'testi monies of the young pleased with the reports given and felt to the aged and.the middle-aged!On the 6th thank the Lord for the everlasting Gospel.; of April forty-nin- e years ago, I entered the Bore te$timonyto the gift, of healing and waters of baptisms - ,fy parents were was desiroiisilGt and; lived, up to the' knowieelge; thsf' baeL ' j la their Jaborsf loveV- ;At: our meetings ; - "' - " . , 1 , Miss Sarah H, Hunt of Salem, State of the regent of the Massachusetts-SocietDaughters of the Revolution,7 has officially tendered to Gov. Wolcott the services of the association in any way in which women can help, either by nursing, raising money or caring for the familiesdfysoldiers and sailors jn active service. ' ' y ; " - . ' . j - -- 