WOMAN'S 7 KXH-)NKi- Sarah Ann with propriety, as becomes-thday, antlby aud' broughlfward his.i4s!er to see 'and George, the houstfull. ana hear hV::J;-r:jV- 't Vale and yet' blushing came demure little "The company netnl not know everybrother the lathing, they will be the guests of honor to Ruth escorted by hergrent dashwi.sh the brides happiness and drink 'their wyerwho gave her to the handsome, even health, let them believe the whole matter ing man that none of the guests knew his The minister turned from understood, as in fact it seems to have been." by sight. wt-- over before the 'Hut what will mother say ?" the Judge bride and the ceremony 'time to compreastonished company had interposed, ''she will never consent to such, out of the way doings, and the first wedding hend the situation. Instead of gaiety and merriment a solemn in the family." and they "Leave mother to me and to Hattie who silence fell upon the gathering, flames ofthe has been trying to get somebody married sat and watched the flickering great pine fire, and scarce a word was spokever since she came home." made. "I'll have nothing to do with this inde- en and. no inquiries the The doctor was only talkative "one cent haste, the house turned topsy turvy.to aud even he was inclined-- , to reticence; no please this madcap Harwood, its all his domen would never think explanations were given and it was" diffings, icult tcT understand whether the Whole affair of such haste." "Hut Warner here and the minister have was a leality or.a huge joke. both leen trying to ask you and had not Morning, however, brought changes; the the courage, now that Harwood has opened minister and his bride .were missing from the ball who knows what may happen? We the family table, having gone to the parsonmay all. marry soon, Hattie wants tointro- - age, Judith and Ben to the Warner home, duce- all sorts of notions, and a and Juth and the doctor liau nown. name triple wedding is rather novel in a staid howevcr, was equal to the occasion and Yankee home." . kept up the conversation at breakfast with "Yes Lije an unheard of thing, and for a very good race, though she wa.s not so my part I'm ashamed of it, even if there well pleased with the culmination of affairs are eleven in family I've always btren proud as she had anticipated when she determined and glad to have my children with me, and on getting somebody married. Her father's as for the girls I don't care to spare one of frowns and her mother's pale face were a them, the house i"s big enough and I'm constant reproach for years afterwards not anxious to be left alone at my time of although no real blame could attach to her. Her brilliancy attracted the attention of life, notjeven with mother. By George, I don't like this way of doing business, and the numerous relatives,, tho' much of her that Harwood, I can't have him here with gaiety was assumed for the time being. A his airs and impudence aud his own father distant cousiii, one of the turned him out, my daughter marry one of Russell family, was so enamored of her wit that family !" and the Judge broke down and beauty that he followed her up with tender love letters, and ltc--r on they celecompletely. However, the buoyancy of the brides and brated their nuptials in Augusta with all briuegrooins elect, and particularly of flat-ti- e the elegant paraphernalia the city afforded. Dr.'- Denton and Mr. aud Mrs. Harwood who Hi tied from room to room with the help, and hrightened all the place with the settled in Western New York, and many evergreens and pine and ornamentation such years elapsed before they visited the old as could be improvised at a moment's notice, home in Berrytown. Judge Denton and besides consulting with her older sisters his amiable wife had parsed away and. the about their finery, and it was surpiising house was lonely enough with the bachelor a way- - brotliertjaiilueTrTonathan w hatTiidith nndKarah-n had gone to Port for special occasions. land to practice law, David had married business-f"And the special occasion," Hattie told and set Mp-ihimself in the them, "was a wedding of course, for you county adjoiningr Drucilla had been to widowed never go and'feturned home with two balls, and these things are only suitable for evening ball dresses or a weland Hannah and Elsie had And so she e both teased married Smiths, as Hattie predicted, them, but poorr-littlding." Ruth was kit to herself and sleptim-de- r and gone to homes of their own. the soothing inllueucepMier Ruth never regretted, her. marriage but refused always longed for her mother and the dear assurances, and to go down, in fagWhe gave no thought ones;, but one often realizes the hand about whapihelThould wear any more than of destiny in separations that in themselves the liljes c t the field, which she so much re- were regretful, and so it was with the s sembled, when at last she rose reluctantlv who from force of circumstances drifted and was daintily attired in one of Hattie's westward, and when a new Gospel was in their party dresses. preached locality being alone as it After dinner when the guests and part of were, without ties of relationship to oppose, the family were assembled in the quaint, the .way. was open for them thout so old, d irk parlor with huge fire of pine much oppositioiwas they must "otherwise knots, in walked the minister and Judith have encountered, and Ruth and Edwin and Ben Warner; and the doctor who was were among the early converts to the , r the in the affair explained to and although the doctor was a free the visitors that there was a surprise for thinker and never accepted baptism, yet he them, and he was quite sure they would all was a friend to the people, and eventually And. then without further cere- the Harwood family which was also enjoy it. a large mony the Judge gave his eldest daughter to one had the privilege of doing vicarious Ben Warner, and: the minister in a few work for those who had rejected them and words united them for life. Congratulacast them off to face the world alone and tions followed, but the doctor interrupted thus the Thanksgiving: dav of 4 dknnn,, them and announced quickly that the min ment became in turn a remembrancccwMch ister was so elated over marrying other peo- proved a more lasting Thanksgiving than ple that he wjshedao be. m feasting and social enjoyment. ButAhe e j'jmpany s ' . .sober-minde- . earth. time-honore- A n-ha- d ... hW-'- "' ' s '. Save Your Money!.. And when you got a dollar, with Ziun's Saving.-- , Hunk A: frut ('omp'arnvthe oluYst ami largt - tavinj hank in Utah. Since ihy establishment o t ht lank nc hive opened more than 1!,h' accounts. th-pot-- .v-ioH Utah permit married children whoare minurs .savitfg' accounts in their own The lawn of ..women and also . to ojMjri name, Mibject'to voir ' . Mich their own order. an account? IJavc If not. oii.-- a one NOW. U'e pay FOUR. PKIl CF.XT on any amount from one do- to thousands, and compute intent four times 'a vear. WKITK for any information desired. llar i'lct. WlLFOKD WCH)l)UlrP. Xos. -." I. (JKonr.i; Main Street. IS Cannon, Cashi.-r- ' On y 73 Hours ' SALT LAKE to NEW YORK. a recent change in schedule the Overland Limited ol the Union Pacific and North-wester- n in connection with the 11." and X. Y.C & 11, 11 K., now makes the unp iralleled L S & M. t-- or orph- an-children, good-brother'- s , Den-ton- ' wi , . ftS? U. B. W. d ' wrote over-rule- s d new-fangle- t And in this case as in many other instan. 'ces, what seemed a great calamity was a blessing, in disguise., though they knew it not, but in the years that followed many were the thanksgivings "qjfered to Him who the tlesfinies vVf those rules and w ho are to take part jn Hiswdrk upon the . - when he 'pok'f trnW 'ilcilttivt'u batlifw poet York. Train leaves Salt Lake 7:00 a. 7: 15 a; daily, arrives a. jn. and (jrand Central 8:10 m'.',-Ogde- m. Chi-catr- a. m., depot, New York City, second and third days ies)ectively. Only one change of cis and twelve hotirs quickest time. .Kor urchase of ticketS.and reser- 5 jo-:S- vation of berthsycill at the MOld Stand," 2 1 Maih Street, or address 11. M; Clay, (Weral Agent. -' ' ; R,ETHOMAi Removed to 48 and 50 Main St.. new-faith- prime-move- SALT LAKE CITY. The v - f' 1 q C Leading Retail a s b H oti s e . . . 