WOMAN'S7 EXPONENT. first settlers there, settling where Blooming-toward now stands. While, yet in camp there with only a bowery overhead and their wagon ho'xos .for houses, while tho men folks were away Retting' logs for dwelling In' the houses a fire broke out in camp. excitement of such an occurrence some of the sisters forgot their sleeping babes in Brother Goodlifie's wagoibox. When the, cry was made for the babes Aunt Mary with a courage born of God, sprang into the "now burning boxes, handed out the babies, then threw out several cans of. powder which were already so hot that her hands were blistered. Brother GoodttfTe and wife lost all they possessed. After a stay of four years in Bear Lake Here Aunt ftiey. mcved to Malad City. Mary labored as a teacher in the Relief In 1876 her Society from its organization. husband was called to the office of Bishop to preside over Curlew valley where the fam- ilv then moved to. and where the town of' Snowville (named m- honor of Apostle Here Aunt Lorenzo Snow) now stands. Mary was called to the presidency of the Relief Society at its organization in 1878, which office she filled with honor and dignity up to the time of her death, and as one of the speakers at the funeral remarked, "Her place will be hard to fill." Aunt Mary's home has always been a welcome retreat not' only to her friends but e even to her enemies (of the Gospel) has dwelt, as hundreds can testify. ' funeral services were held in the The school, house .April 14th, 'the. procession forming at her house two and a half blocks away, the Relief Society at the head, the remains of Aunt Mary being lovingly and reverently borne by her six' nephews followed by the family and friends. 'The speakers were one and all eulogistic in their praises of Aunt Mary's virtues, good deeds and of her undying faith in and unwavering obe-- . and other parts of the city are others who have not been so systematically helped; . It is in aid of these and many other refugees from 'the islands 4hat Miss Barton is inter- n . ested. " where--ever-sh- A KEPCESEN- - 1ESS. been in the field of Cuban relief several weeks, acting uncje'r the civil constitutional clause of its treaty, which empowers it by conse-nof the nations, to work in the relief of suffering by great national calamities, irrespective, of war. "The original treaty of Geneva provides only for relief iii war. The extension of the provisions of the treaty to include other great disasters, was a special concession made to the American' Red'Cross, upon its accession to the treaty, and is known as the recon-centrados- And when you gut a tlo.lar, deiosU it with ZioiCa Saving Bank & TriiHt Company, the oldest and largest savings hank in Utah. Since the establishment of the bank we have opened more than ID, 000 'sav' ings accounts. one NOW. t American Amendment. "The singular coincidence now presents itself of both provisions of the treaty being called into action in the same field! The Red Cross has distributed the food sent by the people of America to the suffering long as such action was admissible. Now that war is imminent and our guns prepare to sweep the island, it becomes the duty of the Red Cross to retire from the threatening field and place itself in position, behind the guns and wait. When men fall by the sword it will faithfully and fearlessly fulfill its mission of relief in war, caring for all, friend and foe alike. . The laws of Utah permit married women and also children who are minors to oiHiii savings accounts in their own name, nuhject to their own order. Have If not, ojmui you fcuch an account? "The American National Red Cross ias pay FIVE PER CENT on any amount .from one U'c lar to thousands, and compute interest Jourtimes a year. IN-TERE- ST dolmi id WRITE for any information desired. WlLFOKli-WOOimUF- CiKokgk M. Nos. -5 Main Street. IVIiduiifeFy . IVcst. Cashier. Cannon, Glasses. as Romania JL Pratt commences ;i class in midwifery every six months immediately after the semi - annual conference. Special s to months of courses three who have been in practice. Special terms given to students sent by .any Relief Society. For par"Let it be well understood by all Ameriticulars please address Romania B. cans that their Red Cross has not left the Constitution Bldg. Main St., field, any more than have the great waiting Pratt, monitors in the harbor of Key .West. It Salt Lake Citv. Dr. mid-wive- -- has withdrawn to its proper position, and waits its call to duty. The Red Cross in military service never precedes, but follows the army and obeys implicitly the orders of the general in command. - Our commanders liieliceToThTrGortn will all understand this, and it is to avoid Lord for a wise purpose had denied her, confusion in the minds of the people that I children, but she. was most truly a Mother make these explanations. " . in Israel. Truly could she say "I have . Ex. fought my way through, I have' finished the woik Thou didst give me to do," and TESTIMONIAL. will from her Lord receive the glad words, "Well and faithfully done, enter into my On Monday April n, the sisters of the rest and sit down on my throne." Relief Society of the 22nd ward met in their IiSTHKR GOODLIFFK. Society hall for the purpose of presenting Sister Olive Kimball with a token of the CLARA BARTON IN TAMPA, love and respect in which they held her, FLORIDA. previous to her departure to Arizona with her husband, Elder Andrew Kimball, to On the eventful 9th of April when "Contake charge of the mission there. sul General Lee and the many imperilled After meeting had been opened in the Americans took leave, usual manner, Sister Rachel Whipple, presiwith her assistants and corps of dent of the Society, made some very en-- . trained nurses, also left that city for Tampa," couragiug remarks, blessing them on their Florida, and here will be their headquaters mission and wishing them God speed. Sis-- '' until called elsewhereby "war alarms." . ter Emma Brown then presented them with Commodious taken furnished .have a gold pen and souvenir silver spoon with They on tire near Plant Avenue, bay, the Temple engraved inside the bowl. apartments and look afterjheir own needs, having for Elder Andrew Kimball gave a very gratithe time being a comparative rest from the fying description of his mission which he .work of relief of the suffering to which they had just commenced. Sister Jennie- Hyde have devoted themselves. Miss Barton has, paid a loving tribute of affection towards in conference with Mayor them. Sister Elizabeth Nebeker spoe however, been ' Mr. Manrara and of Edward Gillette this feelingly of the duty they were undertaking, ' city, regarding the feeding of aieh needy. wishing them every success, after which an Cubans as are not supplied at the Manrara impromptu program was rendered Mrs. kitchen. For months this Mr. Manrara, a Nellie Druce Pugsley rendered several musiwealthy Cuban citizen, has provided meals cal pieces in her own beautiful, Style, after for his unemployed 'countrymen and their which the sisters enjoyed a sumptuous re- families. iu.,Ybor.City, a&ihfourthward xi past, making a veryenjoyabie- time.-reside1-called is 8 to ;. where Tampa Com. ,000 of-Havan- ' . STATEMENT MADI? BY HER TO i TATIVK OK THE LOCAL . - wavo iUU1 WUUUJ . Clara-Barton- DR. ELLIS R. SHIPP, Teaches two classes yearly in Ob. ste tries and NureinTbtnnirignst- after the spring and fall Conference Special opportunities and prices are given to Societies sending students, and also to those who have had previous study. For full particulars please communicate either personally or by letter with - Ellis ' 75 R. Siiipp, M. D Center Street, Salt Lake City. RE. THOMAS Removed to 48 and 50 Main St.. SALT LAKE CITY. - . " - The Leading Retail Cash. House, v -- -- R. K-THO-M AS 