exponent woman's ;;v..i,4,r.-,t5- - K- because the other public, s.rvio;. ;vote for a woman ."i vice, be taken ens the nartv ticket, because j .1 iu--- w"u r " Aicrr t'eil usee to the nauicf mico nf'-'it 'Mrv trti t smjrrl. and the th'f r.M ni;t-screen the faces of the men voters who will siich desirable.ends have been some Until woman? for a not vote areo.nnlisbed let no man boast ovemucu vi ' If it is true let us begin down at a b c, . and as lor one smaii uuii and organize little Civil Government classes ' lnVmrtv '.T.M.Itr 10. will Deiong ir...,. aud'study the Declaration of Independence, the' Constitution of the United States, and to become an office seeker; the condition of society and of the country the temptation if I honor and choose to vote lor brank at the time these documents were framed. and T because he had the courage to Cannon on the brush As we advance we might up draW back from that protection which p?o and Law-thLaw Common Salic give sfec-- ' "onlv the favored few," no party ial attention to such jxjints as Marriage tects II I lash can be laid on me for doing so. of Inheritance, Minors, Laws, Guardianship scratch the name of some, candito choose and many Widow's Incumbrance, The date whose private character is i m moral, no be is obtained. to where siKits light vhining me. nay. If I choose to vote As side studies we might look into some of one can say I reserve the right to do so. the procedures of the Courts of Common for a .woman, be a Rather than party hack, I will be Pleas and learn by eye and ear witness how to the end of the chapter, the laws materialize in practice; and if, after written down A Mu6vumi completing the course in these branches of education, we still decline to vote.for wo-- ' our case is hopeless; and our masters - men, AN INCIDKNT should pierce our ears with awls against the doorposts, that we may remain their serMrs. S: "Will you perform an errand vants, forever. for me ?" If it is not true that we prefer in. all Mrs. H: "With pleasure, anything that cases to vote for men, if the clean sweep of ' in lies . my power." women's names from all the tickets is only I wish you Mrs. Sr "Well then, a selfish grab of our brothers at the "honin the city to call on Mrs. Wells and ors and emoluments" of public duty, we while ask her to pleafe discontinue the "Exshould express cur displeasure in plain, unto me." equivocal terms, and see that itdoes not ponent" I looked at the invalid (for she had been time. another happen one for many months) in surprise, as I One canvasser whom I aked concerning in the to be an earnest-work- er this matter said. ' All those men offered knew her a staunch advocate of themselves lor those places and women did woman's cause, .and the "Ii)xponent." I think that is the way it happened. not. she said, "it "I see you are People must ask for what they want in this is true I will surprised," miss the little wocTTf-n- , i . t ...,,.-- t"j? , a least disrespect to the ) Avhile One evening sitting reading an jnte esting article in tne juvenne,.thtt gentlera nuestion. called lor my- husband tn' -n n tfnrli.r m . t,;,, " .vuvwi,, Hiui ,n" luc rntinrU, ti!ie -i- , U-ac- h ai --- , c I . "1 1 the Juvenile,, as he noticed I had been reading m it; mue maga. its. uc u. " ne. bat I an. not takmK tt now. can't af. ford tt. My ch.ldre.i are readinK a nice coimnueu siory m an xvubiern paper we are taking. They can hardly wait lor the time - i , ! l , Afr..c ,.. t for it to come" 0 Oh ! let us 'as mothers in Israel choose good reading for our children, that we may do nothing that .will in any way tarnish their characters; and remember the beauti- ful poem which says, j "BuiU well the temple ye. mothers of men; For know ye are builders for glory or shame, Know ye are building for weakness or miht,. Know ye are building for darkness or liht."' i j " " IDA. :. . world." "Is that not branding us a nation of office seekers?" I aslced. .."Well, yes, that's about the size of it," he replied. Fellow citizens, is this true? Are we a nation of office seekers ?. Is there no other and better way of distributing public trusts than placing them in the keeping of men or women who importune for them ? Is our political maxim "To the victor belong the spoils--? WherehtrrHsatriotisTn? TfealT greatly man's friend, but I cannot meet the payment since my illness and I don't wish to add to the great burden the editor already carries. I fully realize she has much to contend with." As I gazed upon her pale and much wasted face I thought with regret how careless on this little matter many of us were that are well and able to do. As I -reitectt-a- n incyien l mui came unnei my notice a few years back came to mv mind. After having left the "Exponent" office I met a lady who asked to be directed there, and then asked if she would be able to find Mrs. Wells in as she was anxious to get a copy of the paper, for she dearly loved to read it. In much surprise I ventured to ask her why she did not become a regular subscriber, for it was easy to be seen she was a ladv of means. '1 was a subscriber at one time," she replied, "but now the children are growing up it seems they must have other reading. Such, as the "Exponent" and the Juvenile are too dry for them, they must take the New York Ledger." She then mentioned other periodicals equally as trashy, with a heavy sigh "You ending see my expenses are very hea vy . " I replied Lthcught they were, burin my owa mind I communed thus: "Horrors! can it be possible thatJthere are many mothers; in Israel in this dire condition ?" Since then. I regret to say, I have found many just such case.?. Years may come and go, I don't think I shall ever completely efface from my memory the vision of the mother time-servin- g 1 If-protecti-on -- REPORT. TUKBLO, COLOKAUO. . . Editor Exponent: 0 Thinking you would like to hear how we are progressing here in Pueblo, I thought I Since we would send you a few lines. were organized in July by Apostle John W. Taylor and Sister Susa Young Gates we have had splendid meetings. Our meetings are held every first Thursday in the month and the number has never fallen v the first meeting, but we are constantly adding one or two to our number. The sisters have been liberal with their donations and the teachers say it is a pleasure to visit among them. We gave the Sunday School, numbering fifty, a Twenty Fourth of Tulv celebration andsejitItQ-IItaJiibralthe books we needed, and still we have a nice sum in the treasury. I am sorry to say that our beloved president, Elizabeth Hart, has been very sick, and for some four weeks We did not know whether she would, ever come to another meeting or not. .Her husband did not leave her night or day for nearly five weeks, thinking that she might die at any time; but she is now recovering, which we are all - be-l- j j ; or nnlv clponinrr ? j Oh, that we could be patriots without being partisans, and that principles of pure right, not policy, could be the mainspring of our actions, private and public Would we could hear more about the general weal of our whole country, and less about the East and the West; more about developing the grand resources, and less about "Corners and Giant Trusts;" more about prosperous rural communities, and less about millionaires. Would that the poor might receive such aid and favor as would lift them out of their misery, rather than be given additional burdens of taxation and the necessity of paying "protected" prices for the necessaries of life. Would that "protection" .would protect the weak as well as the strong, the consumer as well as the producer. be the great beneficence we are told, then give us plenty of it, that our crying needs may be satisfied. Why should not timber, water, coal etc. , as well as land belong to the general government as trustee in trust for the public ? They are all matters of general and urgent necessity, and monopQlyjjy the few against the many Mioum De maae impossible. ' Why shonW not railroads, banks and all she R. S. L " thankful for. We had a very nice visit from Sister Susa Young Gates in July, and she gave us some good counsel. We have just started to make quilts. .With this letter the the "Exponent." president is sending-fo' Your sister in the Gospel, Eila Branch, Sec' r by-sayin- -- Zky t At the state'convention of the Daughters of the American Revolution at Norfolk, Va.fl Mrs. Herbert Doyle Brackett of Alexandria, reported that $41,000 of the amount required for the building which propose, to erect in Washington was now in hand. It was decided that further contribution to the building fund would be asked at each chapter. The building is to be the national headquarters for the society, and will be known as Continental Hall. T . . the-Daughter- s " o ' 