' thetuoit-.t- ' - .( Editorial) writes so justly and sensibly that I. am sorry to find signed by her pen. the following observations; Mks. Rkntoul Ksujr generally womrtiie Vine Vaf older stage itraf who To take. a ..very - illustrious' ex&Sple;: suitable to' them 1C- take parts beautv.of ; Queen Victoria has ' uyw muhuuij;,--- ior m. mon kind, but if Mrs. Ksler has. ever seen Come ludicrous Mrs. was Sterling when she was. Her Majesty (as'I have done many times) stance, than sixty No, no Age she must know that nothing can be farther nearer seventy ludicrous V. in a woman not is inevitably the the-trut. ! ! than' describing public from as appearances of this aged woman, ele- . "li.Ji-crous- ." The remarkable dignity, the that are diffused around the pervated "A woman's triumph in any practical call- son of grace the Queen old, short, stout, plain ing must always 1 pend, in a measure, on she be are the most striking testiher youth wheie she plays a public, part: thoughto the power of a life spent in a noble, Let youth mony Does she act Does she sing ? to give beauty of its own kind, and an wane and her chances go with it. Were way ludiaspect than which nothing can be. less positions- ecclesiastical and legal open to crous, to an old woman. The only person Aver-- ' her, the result would be the same. whom" I have ever asked to speak on a Wowill go age abilily, with very good looks, man Suffrage platform solely on the ground bad a with appearance far; great abilities, of her looks was Mrs. Margaret Bright will in the case of a womau effect little in who must have b?en well on toLucas, woman to is so human It the open. regard wards sixty when I employed this argument from a spectacular point of view, that age in as a reason why she should speak at sufher wears some aspect of the ludicrous. An Mrs. Lucas declared that old woman in. the pulpit, on the platform, frage meetings her "That she was no speaker," and I said-tin legal wig and gown, would evoke laughdoes not matter; just stand up a little while . ter. It is inevitable." and la them look at you," for I saw that the beauty of high thoughts in her mind So far from being inevitable that a womany years of life had so stamped man whose youth has waned shall be re- through her face and her whole person with dignity at all not is it as ludicrous, happily garded and sweetness that her mere presence would true. It is the case that in the abstract the have value in pleading such a cause. Again, of term a as is used woman" old 'an phrase we, have been in my home for the last week contempt, and against this use every wo- or two in continual admiration of the beautiman who respects her sex should wage unful countenance of Miss Frances Power ceasing war. No one in my presence ever Cobb at the age of seventy, as shotvn' in a uses the term "an old woman" as a phrase which she has kindly given to' of scorn without being remonstrated with; photograph The first woman whom I and when made to perceive what it really is my daughter. (when I was" perhaps fourteen) ever heard that they are saying that age and womanspeak on a public platform was the late hood combined are contemptible moit perClara Lucas Balfour, who was probably sons admit that the phrase is not to be then between sixty and seventy, and who justified, and will generally promise not to looked the embodiment of wisdom and diguse it again in that sense; but here is Mrs. as she sat beside a table and, quietly inEsler actually endeavoring to justify an at- nity terested an audience of several hundreds in tempt to regard as despicable the union of a very large hall for over an hour. At the these two honorable facts, and declaring on at Chicago, every hall her own acxx)uTTThiitgtrvheacombined-wit- h Woman's Congress as crovdswhLU was crammed witii eager ludicrous is womanhood inevitably announced that Susan B. Anthony exist so long as idea should an such That seventy-one,- " Was going to speak. women are regarded from the sexual point agedwas over fifty when she was of view is natural an old woman from the Elizabeth Fry to her chief work did she inevitably' harem point of view is worse than useless. called redicule ? Was "the Mother of the But we European women have minds and excite Salvation Army" laughable in the pulpit? souls; and amongst us so much admirable power and honor to work is done by women who have entirely Nay but age added each It is by no- means true then that passed that. phase of life, that to continue on the to use the phrases about age in women be- age ina woman, even when seen and cus- platform itself, evokes laughter, or. that it longing to less enlightened times is inevitably ludicrous for a woman to have ' toms is a mistake. passed her youth; to say this kind of thing to have been left to men who Write Besides, the assertion that Mrs. Esler ought issue. commits herself to is nothing less than sporting papers practically absolutely untrue. Aged woStatements of this kind take on a sort of men do not "inevitably" receive ridicule. There is a beauty that goes with youth, but personal interest when one has just had (as there is a beauty that comes with age, and I have) a forty-thirbirthday. One does succeed not know exactly what is theage at which if both men and women too seldom it is because Mrs. Esler counts the inevitably ludicrous in attaining the latter beauty, been narrow life and age to set in. but assuredly I have no ex-- ; the case has in either cramped, or the expression has been dis- pectations or intentions of either forsaking figured by the continued indulgence of evil the platform or being ridiculous at present ! tempers or mean thoughts. Age in itself The professions .that she chooses to name is venerable, and every are the two in which youth is particularly person feels it to be so. When it implies long precious on the stage the actress loses experience in wisdom and long practice in position as soon as she gets too old to repregoodness it will never be contemptible nor sent youthful heroines, since youth is the will it look so. Many and many a woman period of the ordinary stage romance; ' and who in her youth had no pretensions to on the concert platform, the voice that is loses something, after a time, girlish beauty becomes a handsome old lady of continued either virtue use the of her by; by diminished freshness; yet is it not the develor cares or her case that Ellen Terry and Adelina Patti, intellect, by motherly have that to both her both women over fifty, are even there the they opment given - o . it-w- ! - ! - . for-Sunda- d .' right-minde- d -- I all-importa- nt mostrpu veaox,mfiirjciass ..otorkers. Nor; 4o: .This is not to deny the power of youth, Like Ibsen's hero in "The however. Master Builder," middle-agepeople mi'st half and "hear-fearfully always respectfully the younger generatiou knocking at the door." We must all recognize thejm. d , porta nee of the adhesion to any work of those whose powers are fresh and unworn, and whose share of life will probably stretch through the coming years long after the grass grows green over the graves where the holders of the place and power of today will be silent and impotent for further service. There is a charm in the springtime of life that. we all feel and own. Especially is this true of public work. Tenderly do we regard the ' young people who seem ready to lend their growing, strength to the causes and efforts that we have carried on for long years to catch up the banner that we feel must drop from our wearied grasp," and who do not fear to at once take their course, though it be up the Hill Difficulty, to our cherished goal, notwithstanding the attractions of the flowery meads in which they might linger and play a little longer. Prophetic hope, sympathy for toil and danger that we know too well and see them brightly and unconsciously facing, joy in the beauty of their unworn freshness all this we their elders must feel. As Mrs. Browning says . Great men who foreknew Their heirs in art, for art's sake have been. glad, And bent their old white heads as, though- - uncrowned, Fanatic ol their pure ideals still, Rather than of their laurels, which were gained With some less stalwart effort .onhe will. So, dear girls, beautiful in your youthful bloom, who care for any work or Who are laboring to obtain excellence and do credit to your own and your sex's abilities in any direction, your effort is gladly appreciated, without its being admitted that your grandmothers are "necessarily ludicrous," or that you wilLbecome so as soon as your youth is past. True it is that in many occupations young people have the preference in ob-- . tainin'g employment; they are stronger in body, more tractable in mind, and likely to become more and more useful for years onward, instead of pretty soon wearing out and growing a burden on an employer's kindness and consideration. But this painful fact applies to men as well as to women and has nothing to do with the loss of attractiveness in looks, nor does it generally occur in the case of intellectual or highly skilled employments, but only in those in which experience gives little or no increase of capacity. For instance, in onr own' domestic experience, few of us would care to engage a new housemaid over forty, because of the thoughts above mentionedfbut we should not hesitate to take a well recommended cook of that age and a good deal more, because her probably increased experience would counter-balanc- e any such disadvantages. The moral is for young people to try to select and rise in occupations in which brains and experience are more alualetba uscularotvement,riv ; . 