WuM AN S KXj ONENT . form, and', ns is wejl known, organic nnd essential ' ' iCtivitv fomr-Sl- calMtthe ie "Welcome;" COM Save Your , 'ANY, V-'- " j ihisJo.tA " w1i" '."ion's V ' " ' dollar, savings Hunk u A fHi'iv-(?omjianv- the oldest and I'urfMt aviru t ' Since the e?tablUhment of th- jar,j we have opened. more than It,f) v,a.. -- cordial welcome to all. Mis. Rosewater then said: "During the last fe'w years w,omin has .steadily moved on. She has. advanced from the seclmion The club is largely Rsjwnsi- of the past.hie for this." What Clubbing has Dune for Woinvn" was responded to" by Mrs.- ,- H. F. Smith, Club of Omaha. president of "Club She .spoke lowly a'd distinctly. biug punishes." slj'e said "punches past olTencxs. We see our shortcomings in tie light of present study and regret times wasted in youth.' Clubbing injures physic--all- y MEET AT LUNCHEON; 1JKIM.IANT of tin: afternoon, J Mrs. ItelUTPol.K ' wOlK firlnt IMIIIl 111 Ulili - accounts. The laws of Utah pemit m:irri-women and also children who are minors to oped faving accounts in their own name, Mibjevt to their own order. lnc If not. o,on vou fci;ch an accoimty ing The .luncheon and' reception tendered by the local Council of Jewish Women to the vUitin delegates of the National Council of Women at th-- Metropolitan club m .'.ne NOW. Oct. 25, was a most brilliant entertainment. We pay FOUR PHIt CHXT It is seldom that one cit. has the pleasure '.ST on any amount from ouu doTJ'J of entertaining so many distinguished wollar to tho.iands, and Vompnte JJ men as are sojourning in the G ate City. intercut four times a year. The spicious pall tfhich was well adapted W1UTK for any infojanattja desired. " for the purpos. of entertaining on a grand WlLFOlU) WOOIJULTF, PtVft. unless taken in homeopathic scale, was magnificent with mvr'uds of (Ii x)i:tij: M. .Canno.v, Cahi r fl tiiitKt for electric lights tmd wcrs, and exquisite To be serious it brings intTur Main Street. Xos. confections in costuming, scintillating witii our enjoyment here today the leaders in the gems, vied with natural flowers in the world's progress and thought;" ansx uuxnnrumj mnn nnnn mnnnnnsu ot Nineteenth who "The Wonder the Cenluiy: although adorning of thes; women, rn mm c nrnnii n to Anther" Fairestadvanced Great Work 01 the the they dive deep, into reforms UKkbUNdtlUKILIHtiiAUU elevate humanity and raise the stand ird ot was responded to by Mrs. May Wright citizenship, do not despise the witchery of Sewall, and "Lib. raibm in "Religion" by (In Effect Julj 17, lfc98. the vlitter of iewels aiul Rev. Mary Gerard Andrews. "If we grow ni.natL-X'rfume of dowers. we must, grow into the intellectually Trains trrlre and depart at Salt LaV Cltj ; For a short time the receiving matrons, thought of the spirit," soil Mrs. Andrew?., flauy as lollowsr ARRITE. Mrs Belle A. Polack.Mrs Simon Adamsky, "in the spirit of love. In spite of our dif-- ' from ( 'hicRiM. ()maha. ?L Louis, Kati.as City, Denver, l'ark Cltj and Mrs. Moritz Meyer, stood in the hall. ftrences there is a large spirit 01 love and .3 10 p to atnl Dilcn From about of it was Sao it Hutte. there Portland. and the Helena, tins is nothing Only to'suggest good fellowship spi FraucUfo. UJtsa und Intermed.1 hall, as it had been emxnvertd with ex- liberal religion in our club." 8 H a ra iate points From Cache imSan Valley otics su that it might e.iMly have been lanclco, Mss Susan B. Anthony was presented to (;rdt7) and intvrmMlatti points. 7 15 p ra Ttvru t'hlcapo, Omaha, fc't Ixuls. agined a bower in some tropica isle. respond- to the toast "Woman is mnn's Kansas City. Di U?or and (Vlen I 1) i m 1'aSMiig thence to the "'long dining room the Equal in Intellect, in Character His Su'From Frisco, Mllford, Sanpete. Fro-tKureUa. Jlamu.otii. Silver She Needs no Eulogy. She guests perceived that the floral decorations perior. and Intorm6dlat"nolnts.... 0 20 p m City had been .managed with artistic restraint. Speaks for Herself." from lermlnua. iJlixfd Miss Anthony was j Tooele train and Garfield Beach i 00 p za The tables were arranged in a geometrical heartily greeted as she arose to speak' and DIP ART. S. design and beautifully decorated with a'rich said: "The, other half of genus homo is Kan- For Omaha, Uenrer, Chicago, p of white and For yellow chrysanthedisplay making its appearance in the world. 5 pas Citv. St Louia, Otfden and 7 00 a ra Park City... mums. At the head of the banquet board the last quarter if a century I have been 5 For San Francisco. Oden, Cache the five guests of honor tat. Mrs. Polack, trying to impress upon the other half that Valley and Into rtncdlate points. 3 05 a m . r,4j , Ocnvi-fFor Kansas en, Op City. president ot the local Council of Jewish she has the inherent right to be equal to Omaha, St. IxHi's. .'hicajro and intortnediatc points S3 pta.CC Women, in the center- - On her right was the original half at the ballot box. 'I hope For ( 'prion. Itiitte. Helena, Portland seated Mrs. Hannah G. .Solomon of Chica. 43 pra C hii'I San to see the fruition of my; labors.' ..w For Mercur. Sllrrr Kun'ka, City, 5 Mrs. Leo Franklin responded to "Casgo, on her left Mrs. May Wright Sewall of i'rovo, .N't)lu. sanpefe, Mllford, 5 Miss Susan B, Anthony sat tles in the Air," and Mrs. Hannah SoloIndianapolis. tllixtd train for (iRrfiiMtl liiRC.h. next to Mrs. Solomon, and Mrs. Draper mon ".Why"7 Omaha Needs a Jewish 7 45 a m Tele and Terminus H houth Trains of run Smiih was seated next to Mrs. Sewall. Juab except dally Council." funaar. The out 1 Daily who occupied except Sunday. guests AnB. about the board were: Susan spaces of Chicago thony." Mrs.. Hannah Solomon ; o ' Ko. '.00 st Second South strcot Mrs. 01 mou ni ivansas ;uo., Mrs. i e.epiiono THLC SW1KT Rosenwasser of Clevel md, Mrs. Iesner of Kailroa.l and Stuamshlp TlckeU on ia the world. toall partioI'alaee Champaign. 111., Mrs. Foster, Mrs. Kate Puhiaan ar ticket office. AS D. E..UUK LEV, Barrett of Washington, I). C, Mrs. Kmme-lini f rt Cen. Pass, and Ticket Agent B Wells, Mrs. M. Y. 8. W. ECCLES. Dougall of Salt General Traffic Manazer. p Lake City, Mrs. Henry Ilirsch of.Des Denver i one day nearer Chicago y W. IL BANCIiOFT, 5 than Moines. Mrs Charles Mayer, Miss Mayer it Gen. 3 Man and U This the actual praetieal yesterday. of Lincoln, Mrs. Oberfelder of Sidney, Mrs. elTeet of the fast mail trains inaugurated hv and Union Hirshland of Des Moines, Mrs. Upals, Mrs. Fib. Tiuija Ifcmhl, S, .sw. Simon, Mrs. Ryder of Kansas City,. Mrs. Sewall of Indianapolis. Mrs Barbe of Chicago, Mrs. Thershein, Mrs. Schulmati.Mrs. Fuhrman of Seattle, Mrs. Hollister of DeLeaves Denver, 4::50 j. m todav. troit, Ms. Richards of Champiaign, Mrs. Arrives Omaha, ' T:!) a in tomorrow. Removed to 48 and 50 Main St.. Mrs. Anna of Mrs; Shaw Moog, Philadelphia, Arrives Chicago, b:4.) p m tomorrow. Frances Beauchamp of Lexington, Ky , Kirs. To the Chicago, Union Pacific and North- Louise B: Robbinsof Adriatf,Mich.,Mrs. L. vesiern oejongs trie credit or inaugurating the SALT LAKE CITY. S Lieberman, Mrs. Simon of Kansas City, new last train service between Denver and Miss Octave Williams Bates of Detroit, Mrs. Chicago. Ne w berry Adams of Dubuque. , This new train is a triumph of modern 'railroading. It consists of six- magnilicent GREETINGS TO THE GUESTS. and library., ear, with barber The etc. Two shop. splendid palace sleeping ear In opening the exercises Keclunnchair car.- Dinir- i- car, meals a la Mrs. Clara Rosewater, toast mistress, greet- carte, liaajre car. . - ; ed the Quests, saying: "At no time in the This is the crrly train between Do 'nver and history of Omaha have so many brilliant Chicago having the'luxiirious and talented women been with us. I thereBuffet, Smoking and Library Cars. fore think it fitting that the session of the Westbound, "The". Colorado special" leuvos TT Council of Jewish Women close with n-- I ,:,;" m' - j J 1 ir 1 1 1 do-es- ." 1 mnn - l -- - o, 1 . l- Francii-co...- of-tow-n . : V iiy, e to-da- Vice-Preside- . Pacific.--(.'tiinnj- . - - nt a.2-- r o r The Chicago Specia R.K THOMAS " . - . - cars-HutTetsmoki- post-prandi- Leading Retail al - . ' ptessionofgoodwUlandira.ernalfeeling.v:1 -- Casll House Tjr TITTTi n 