r maiv ot tne laces nere sue .nw?: ill bwtei of the Lordwd felt very grateful for her -- sneverf meeting held in, the ,14th ward Assembly since chililhood.' Urged the hall Feb. 5, iSgS, President Home .presidito neglect their prayers night or morning, ng.1 Singing "Now let us rejoice in the for then their, hearts would tie-- ; kept: warm " Prayer by' Counselor E. within them and they would love one day of salvation those who would be "another, and they .would then have the Webb. Singing "Let Minutes of previous indeed." Spirit of the Lord. Said she could scarce-l- y Saints read and approved. realize that this Gospel had gonev meeting Home President hoped the sisters would throughout the world: We could only do testify of the goodness of God, those who our duty today, we could not do it for in it was like feeding a little baby testified of God He would bring up before Him. Spoke of improvjust a teaspoonful of nourishment at a time. had one we She thought we did not realize near all the ing our talents, if we only make the most of. it, this was the blessings of the Gospel, and felt to thank should word 01 the Lord; There wa not one of God that He inspired President... Brigham the sisters if she. had the Spirit of the Lord, Young' to "organize these meetings and and attempted to speak, no matter how litprayed God to bless us all tle she said, buMhat some one. would be ' Sister E. S. Taylor spoke of the com it. Said she hoped that all benefited mencement of the new year and of the niaiiyrj would Yeelby free that w might have a good good resolutions that had been made, also time together. said whonever and fault on finding spoke Sister Margaret O. Brown felt it was we felt like doing so we should go to the Lord in humility and pray for them and for good for us tc meet together if only to C I Sheen joyed so much nri ii o tilt Upraise-the-Lor-d. . f ; t i n J President Home speak and knew finding, especially aoout tne rriesiuoou m hearing a world of had knowledge to impart by authority, that it would lead to apostacy v she which we were always benefited. Said her Thought "it was a noble work to look after the poor and to administer to them, and that heart was full of rejoicing for the blessings it would keep our hearts warm. God had of the Lord and thought we should always to live so that we might feel this wTay. inspired these benovelant men to help the try Said many of the dead for whom she had poor, that it was His work. Said that she officiated had" appeared to her in dreams and had heard a Bishop say that notwithstand she knew they were' pleased for what she ing the hard times that now existed never before had they been so well prepared to had done. Sister Ford said her heart was full of re- look after their poor, and felt this was an evidence that God was our help and leather joiciug, and spoke of administering to the in time of need, even as He had promised poor; said those who gave to the poor loaned to the Lord and felt to say God bless He would be. men who had so generously given to Sister E. J. Stevenson said as she was those also prayed God would bless all not here last meeting she . wished us all a the poor, this afternoon. a prosperous. New Year. Spoke J who were here and happv . : A sister in the congregation bore her 1.1 in ot a meeting sne auenucu ucsi tuuunu-fu-4; l and spoke of the goodness of and said she had never in all her life testimony to her. She loved her brothers and attended such a meeting.- - The Spirit of God sistersTthe- the Lord was poured out to a great degree. one another we had the Spirit of the Lord. Said she felt a great anxiety for our young Sister E. J. Stevenson felt it was not. children but still felt they would be cared TTrnrurl thnA u.lir hnr right to let the precious moments go to Kilt f. .,.1 Imparl waste, referred to the hymn just sung "Let one talent to make the most of it. those who would be Saints indeed," said Brother GoddardVas very much pleased never before had it struck her so forcibly, by the remarks of the sisters. Spoke of the thought there, wras a sermon in it and urged signs ot the times ana 01 ..laying up wneat all to. read it- Said she felt much edified by and flour, and said that Brother George Q. the remarks of President Home, expressed Cannon in their Sunday School meeting her for the anxiety people and said had urged the brethren to preach the word she heard Brother Ayoung ndrewr Jensen say that of wisdom, especially to the young people. the Scandinavians were forming an assoa in moves "God mysterious Sang ciation to look after the young girls of their Sister Sarah Phelps said she felt there nationality, thought this was a very worthy were great things before us. She knew' that Prayed' object. that the spirit of repentance would be us to remember what we Had heard help this poured out upon the rising generation. afternoon and referred to a prophecy of Spoke in tongues, which was interpreted by Brother Heber C. Kimball wTherein he said' "Sister Zina." that the: time would come when we could we had a not pick up a paper which "would not be had President Home thought if were a filled with terrible things which would there even very good meeting, good many temporal things to attend to. make our hearts sick. Thought "the time in world fcr the was There peo, had indeed come. : every help miswere their there live to religion; Sister Armeda S. Young spoke of the ple sionaries both abroad and at home, and class work of Sister Sorenson'and the great many kinds of meetings for people to know amount of good she was doing, the object what Was right. Thought mothers did not was tne same as President Young advocated, teach their children young enough to pray to study our bodies and make good mothers. Sister Carrie Kester urged the sisters to. were tried of the people being they being attend these classes, y Sister Phelps felt the on the of the Lord was pouring out His Spirit signs proven, spoke strongly upon His ' times and prayed that we might be faithful daughters, and thought it was the young andtrue to our covenants aud to God. men that needed to be labored with instead Meeting adjourned for two weeks by of the girls. Sister Butterworth testified to the goodsinging "The time is far spent." Benedic- ness of the Lord to her in raising- her little Zina H. Bull, Sec. 7 grand son from almost death. He was , many blessings. . , Sister Carlhurst. bore her testimony and spoke very feelingly in regard to the protection of young girls who were compelled to work out. for their living, and urged the : : . to-morro- ' -- . 1 1 1 11 a 11 1 x 1 . - , wa" the-Lor- d w-ou- ld v - , be the case.- - ' - two weeks. Singing Benediction by Counselor C. Adjourned "for Doxology. v. vannon. Zina H. Bull, - Sec. IN MEMORIAM. . -- y .hired girls to throw over them a mother's walch care. President Home had enjoyed the beautiful testimonies of the sisters... She thought, every one who hired help should have a watch care over them; and knew there was a great deal of iniquity abroad, but hoped the time Would come when such would not On the evening of Nov. 4, .1897, Sister ' Kapala Pahupu departed this life in the sixtieth year of her age. She died suddenly without any apparent sufleriug.,. Deceased was a very faithful sister; at the time of her death was a teacher in the Iosepa Relief Society, also an officer m the Y. L. M. I. A.. She was president of- the Hilo Relief Society on the Sandwichlslands until 18S8, when she resigned her position to emigrate to Utah, having lost both husband and child on the islands and being made her home with she alone her sister, ... Mrs. Maria MaKaula md her husband, from her arrival to the time of her death. They assisted her in performing her Temple work at Logan just previous to coming with the first colony to Iosepa Aug. - 28, 1889. Sister Kapala was in every way fully settlement of one so iaithiul and true is really the only regret, we can feel. She was strong and healthy up to the last and seemed to enjoy attending a little garden of her own in which she raised fine vegetables, strawberries, melons and: fruit- - and also flowers; and she delighted to gather some of the first and choicest and bring them as a love offering to those she liked best. Many a pleasant little surprise of this kind she has brought us in the early summer mornings. ' She was the most graceful swimmer I ever saw.' .' ' She attended all of the meetings. punctually and was a logical and dignified speaker, never missing the opportunity of bearing her testimony or speaking on the principles of the Gospel, yet was withal modest and retiring. All who knew her loved her for her worth, she was indeed one of earth's noblest women. She ever labored faithfully both temporally and spiritually and had her nice linen burial robes .all ready and looked when laid out just like one in a graceful sleep. She was a fine needlewoman and was one of the ,most diligent in working upon the pioneer quilt the Iosepa Relief Society presented , to President Woodruff during his illness this last summer. Emily G. Cluff, Pres. , -- Ellen Halemanu, Sec. The more we live for self the less we shall find the value of existence; the more we live for others and out of self, the great- er will be the joy' and satisfaction of livtag: . 