WOMAN'S 11. ., - r i ' . 'Uoberis deserves theYrreatest "v':''r"v . Kfrtivnl!-tf wrirl- - cli f i home again to their loved ones, duel mny I eace 300:1 s'nri-aWonfi her of death d .. sop-!KJu..- themselves- - heroic .trnll..V tre proving KXl'ONKN'l. Y" .ur ' who gave us 2 reception haka (dance) when, the band fell to the rear,fthe dancing com- falling back.radually till the txacc in u-lnt- o : -- '.V building was rtaiclred. d natulan-- . f This part I Felt so as s(xh as necessary, for us we could politely do it we left Hirini tolrq- ceive that attention and we broke, ranks and fell upon the necks of the twenty-eigh- t (ucrifictng as well as patriotic the - , ' ... r tii our dav as well as ... tU-Un M lU wION ARIES ' ' 'tnkirp- tin of militarv tuu-hi ' . ....... r i., duties lv young women ui. weaiia, culture Levin , Ne w Zealand, ind refinement is proof of the fact. Miss April n, 189S.. Market Long, daughter of Secretary My Dear Mother tun ate uui vm y van x,,Hv-j:- r ii'cmuitu. others from John Hopkins swelletl and the number to thirty-five- , Hffewcare in this Nick 'o the' woods pany of Baltimore, MUs Ma!el Austin, I just can assure, you we did have, a good with a little time for writing home mail, Austin of daughter of ' time. .Miss. Dorothy Reid aiid Miss Mabel and first that goes to mother and 'Mother B. Our arrival rather broke into the conduct Sims have two weeks ago reported to the the rest I will write to as I can.but to these of coirkrence and' the afternoon was given naval hospital at Brooklyn to nurse wound-et- l two. I jnust say a word you know. L here is so much to say that I hardly up .o welcome speeches, regular meetiugH diers wjio were sent up from Sampon the Silence,' being resumed again at 7 p. m., followed Many others know where to begin, but first I am wel'l, son's each day, Tuesday farid wfee names are not. as.' widely known are we having arrived at Wellington Sunday, by tin ee meetings ' On Thursday the .chief: y April 3, at n o'clock a. m., all fine and Weduesday. said to be engaged in the work. gtod to get ashore.' Our voyage from Suva the village,' aj outsider, invited ..us issue of last the the .Since "Exponent' Fiji was not quite so pleasant as "from main for a holiday and feast at his' expense. ' 7 who men have figured conspictvo eminent Honolulu, having met a nasty gale for wo We could, of course, not do less than acuously in the world's history have. departed days, but after that it was pleasant again cept after hisjeind treatment of us in assist-- 5 his On the of at home and our hearts were made u)Wi May, thn life. glad on Saturday iiig'to entertain our conference, we beiiig the Honorable Wm. when the Kast Cape of New Zealand came on his gn nine'. Some of the boys got up a in Ilawarderi, Right He is known every in sight. That meant that our sea matched game of baseball, and ,w lien Klder K.'idiIone jdiecL voyage A old wliere' as the "Grand man of was Hearing an end aud that soon we could Richards and I ' walked out a little later man.' the century, sound in judgment', eminent in be activelv" emrap-ethey insisted u'jwn my acting as umpire. in the worlc'for vhirh a ritmnt tirmnrmvi;."! ic n ctotpc. we have come jforth. It was interesting", Well, so long as it" was a niali, with the heroic courage of conviction too, to see the glad smile on Hirini's tion I accepted, and had the thanks of the Inward countenance as he looked at the land so winning side, that few men have possessed. The biz dinner occurred at s:o p. m;. Bellamy died in Springfield, Mass. later in familiar, so dear to his memory. 'Although the mouth. His literary works have attract- - he now looks upon Salt Lake City as his and I can just tell you it was a spredd. ed great attention during the last few years, home, his Zion, still there must naturall Aoout two nunared sat down to taDies masses of the with good things. Roast beef, pork the, loaded especially among people, be a strong emotional sensation as he looks as tue subjects treated upon touched trie upon the land of. his fathers and Jiis.hirth and mutton, fish, fowl and potatoes, first hearts of struggling humanity as no others and the exeriences of a long life". Then course; theu-iplupud(ljn,ajul pastry He was. of his friends whom he was to meet. have done perhaps in later times. No wonder a smile lit up his dear old literally a man of the j)eopIe. KIders Richaids, Hirini and yours truly, But I find that the sea trip occupied .the places of honor at a table with Eastern papers tell us that Clara Barton countenance. excitement of meeting have been the chief and a friend. The. decorations a few and the has returned North, and quite a tax 011 him, and we . will have to were the whole tops of trees, ferns arid days in Washington consulting with officihusband his strength and ask the, Lord to large bouquets; and the guests did full justals of the State Department, she went to bless him for the labors and travels before ice to the viaiids prepared. After supper New York to confer with members of the him. and evening prayers the tables were cleared Prnci? lViaf Pnniiiiltdm re cm rr n rr lir handI On our arrival at Wellington was out and a dance indulged in by the Maories.," Red Cross work in the field during military ed a letter from Elder Richards stating that In this not participate, as the misd woik "aTTdTravaHptnlto conference had commenced that morning at. sion statutes rule the Elders out of such in hand is the fitting out of UvTHiospital-re- , udrarapa, and for. us to proceed intimacy with the opposite sex. We could lief ships; . The proposition is to use the Topawai, The music was sit and tetjkon. there as soon as convenient: iefrrguuday-4tn- l fuuds of the National Red Cross Relief Comfl ml was ATaori"bandr--no trains were running, only excursion fnrnkhpd bv the is of which Potter chairman, mittee, Bishop boats and bicyles, so we had to content ourreally good. Some of our Elders varied to fit, up two ships, one for the Atlantic In the the amusements with a sort of an orchestral selves by waiting till morning. and the other for the Pacific, with the we got our trunks program, there being a violin, mandolin, meantime, however,' Philippines as the objective point. They, through the Custom House, but, not .with- clairouet, two harmonicas and a piano. will operate under the Naval articles of the Elder Richards and I left early going to; out some difficulty, as one brother very Geneva treaty, Each ship will" have 'a hos-- . providently inclined, had three pairs of new, the room above, which was thelilders' : well be will dnd and staff suppital ' surgical shoes in his trunk, which had never been quarters, attending to other and "more lm'- tor to needful tare plied with everything worn aud of which I knew nothing. These portant matters. uouzi:y, just as uroiner; and relieve suffering and distress. of two also Richards was getting into bed, the call Tor were. held, of course, packages, The temoorarv orcranization ot the Keel underclothing on which we had; to pay. "after the ball supper" 'was xnacle, 'and I; not having undressed' was deputized to Cross Society has done excellent service some duty. the president." Thus it was past 2 Next mornimr at 7:1 we had all our duiing the few weeks since the ladies met ni- 'when I retired, and some of us' and commenced in a practical, way to wrork baggage, transferred and were; on our way to where turn in till 4 or 3 o'clock, and we were; benefit of the Utah .Volunteers; hun- the 4,hui tau- - (annual conference,)' noon. I had: out again at 5:30 getting horses up;' and' dreds of fever bandages have been made, al- we arrived at a little before and- land ve were met ready for those who came so comforts for hundreds containing the wired President Richards the dispersing commenced." Many "of most essential articles for use in mending or at the train "with' sufficient conveyances Brother W. C. Castleton took the early trains and the 'place for daily use(when no 'women are about) to take us all over. ' for :me, .buggy began to look lcmesome But.we have had" serve in sewing on buttons, etc. Serving was there with a the three mile a glorious, goodtiiiie; have had some most' lunches to the companies on their departure and I very much enjoyed him. rind; excellent meetings,' and I can say for myhas been one of the most notable features of drive, Ub the Maori fra! with; About a fourth of self I enjoyed itimmensely. But!we':were: the work and one that appealed direct to the what a royal reception Between meetings and at night we found a brass baud, inner man; something invigorating at the. sl mile from the fra us which formed' in very busy. aiid; 'for arranging appointments," planning last moment before starting upon that weari- aiaoriV waiting:and to : were we requested answering questions instructing the Elders,' some journey will be remembered by the mafchine order . and fallidn which we did, two so that we never got to sleep' till 1 :36,-;- a.hd;.'. dismount have who gone mountain boys patriotic of us. Thus out at 5:30 or 6 in the morning.' Also I from the .midst of plenty to serve their and two, there being eight ' had little" sleep the two' nights before' reacH wrere " uuu.i we ebcuitc each country, and for freedom's sake. And (God save'the Queen.) ijng there' and when we left on Friday 'hold-- ' mother and evrv true woman prays God to Queen's own flag,' k party jing a meeting vdth! .Kufbpeans lh:Cartertola7 we were t met bless bur: dear, boys and bring them safe j A; littlefurther an , in-forme- r ; n. - t,r. - . rT-r-:r''"- -- ' " '.t'-'fcienSfcd- - ... . all'to-cndur- e. I medi-calKi'- 1 . 1 Min-ikh- Ex-Govern- 3, ' ; . s-- ! ' to-'r- e -- - IttiT-ittir- f rton-rumiing-pos- l-, . f , - - after-stayin- m g t we-di- : - . ' ; ' " ; ' rep--rese- nt -- did-no- t , for-th- e ; that-'way, ; the-Maori- es : one-hors- e . " ! ' : I f -- , 