v. WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 17a The .nineteen Primaries' of this Stake are "' all adding theFr mite yearly to the building of the Manti Templef fcVrjjre'glalTrng uheat'mio making carpet (of which, we have been reliably informed, it will Uku 1, 100 yards to cover one .floor of that ;r:yid hwt;ej, others making --- 4 qui I ts, -- cou n le'rpaiies, t id ieV,: - laces, etc , and and (ii.iHft-- tj help roll on his important work. There have been, seveu fairs "" the last yearr amtyt h?rLTliTe"i xriLUiiiidscTipt papers edited by the Pi imaries, 'weekly. There are 2,114 chi!dm'enroiit.(ria the Piimaries of this Stake; liio meetings have been held according to our lust yearly statistics, with an averaie attendance of not cuite one halt ot was collected and there is $l3d.0o the unmbeis" Sjjlj;2 last'year, $2oT. disbu icd, . on hand. v Qaite a number of concerts Jjave beeu given, by the .children to delighted audiences, tlrerpre- hiding sisters and tire children unitedly working .for the financial independence of. the Primaries, while the.jh.ost. talented and. warm hearted of .our young people render able and willing aid in training the wee amateurs for their perform-- . 0-- 1 - ; ' uncos v ; ---- j. : e. . -- . ; ' IIecena Madsen, Lucy Berglund, Hannau Wickman, Stake Presidency of r Primaries. GuunisoD, Sanpete Co., April 12, 187. , themoirdeTplume ''Hindoo Lady," a series of forcible and strik-iu- g lish lady, which was published in the Tinm letters on the miseries entailed on hen sex April 0th, forcibly shows the hardship, of -- her.' case, but otV all other Hindoo in India, by the barbarous customs ot infant fiftieth year of our Queen's acmarriage and enforced widowhood. Last year wives. The most renowned ' throne, she the her husband tried 4o get her to live with him, cession .to and on her refusing instituted a suit i'ov the .says, is the jubilee yeariu which every town , lest'tution ol conjugal rights in the Bombay ;aud every village in her dominions, is to in ihe ' best way it can, High Court. The case was tried in the first.. j show its loyalty bstaiice.by-'rJusticPinhey, wheu.it. ha v- - and wish the Mother Queenji Jong happy life to rule over, us for many years with , in ijeen proved mat :tne nusmuu was loo her, was utterly ignorant aud peace and prospeiity. rAt such an unusual poor uneducated in" fact a mere coolie and was occasion will the mother listen to an earnest moreover consumptive, the Judge expressel appeahf rom her millions id' Indian daughters1, the opinion that it would be a barbarous, cruel and grant them a lew simple words of and revolting thing to compel her to live change into the books on .Hindoo law, that v.itK such a man. Tle further held that marriages performed before the respective-ageof twenty in boys and fifteen in girls, suclf a suit could not lie undei Hindoo Jaw,, aud dismissed it. The h usband appealed, and "shall not be cousidered legal in the eyes of the case was argued before the Chief Justice the law if brought before the court? Those learned Judges, and Mr7 Bayley. while expressing their entire sympathy wifcj). Rukmibhai, felt compelled to rule that-M- r. Justice. Pinhey was wrong in law and "What a picturesque little cottage.! A verit- remanded the case Jo the Lower Court for able Swiss chalet." trial on its me'rits. It has now been reheard "A Swiss shall he, do you call it? To my Rukmibhai's mind. 'it's more like, an Irish shan't he." before Mr. Justice Farran. counsel could only repeat that his 'client had to the "I see," said an opposing-"counsenever consented to the marriage, and never A. Storr3. "you hate tdmeet the Tearded the man as her husband, that the late Emery husband was poor, iguorautjind unhealthy, truth iu this matter." 'l never do meet it," and that if ordered to return to him she was the prompt reply; "the --truth' and I al" would be forced to disobey, and Was preways travel in the same direction. The court pared to take the consequences. "Mamma," said a sma lid oy, " ho w do y 0 u had no option save to pa.--s an order that she should ' join her husband" within a mouth. spell ,kuee? " Johnny." Silence Should she fail to. do so, she would be liable for several minutes, while the letters were ikuim a," how do The case Has going down l aho ridu sly. to six months' imprisonment.-spell 'growT' my son." More lav excited much sympathy among, the Anglo-Indian cdminuuity.Ihe Lnghsh newspapers borious scratching, after which the boy looks are publishing articles and letters on the up smilingly, remarking: '.Mow i ve got it, ne, yro, neyro. subject., Timet, April 11th, says that, a com"Major," said a friend to him one day, "if mittee hasNQ.een formed in Bombay under one was to challenge you to fight a dueb the presidencyXof Professor Wordsworth to sonicdo?" "It would all depend on what would take action" withxa view to ihe removaLof whether he you vas a gentleman or not," said the the anomaly whichipplies coercive English major. "If he. wa.s a gentleman,' I'd certainly provisions to enforce the Hiudoo law. The "fight him." "But how would you judge as to committee is busily engaged in raising funds, that?" : "That wouldn't be hard to tell, "if he and seems determined to thresh out the case he wouldn't want to light me was a that unless gentleman, again before the Appeal Court. I had insulted him; and I wouldn't insult tribunal uphold" the ruling of the Court of him if he was a srentlenian." lirst instance, iris to he hoped that the funcU-wilsuflice to carry the case to and t'ox)itaiu an authoritative decision from the Privy Women constitute two thirds of our church Council. shown by the Brit-members and only one fifth of Our criminals. ish Press and public is fully appreciated here,, Yet there are- still people who say that but it would appear that the exact positiou woman suffrage would strengthen the politiof affairs is not clearly understood athome. cal power of vice' and crime. If the "existing order is not set aside, Ruk mibhai will be liable not onlv- - to trial bv Light is thrown ou by. the remark of the Springfield Republican, meiit in a civil jgoaHor disobedience .to thft .woman ..ran marlcet. well, she ought Vt. j. order oFa iJivir Court. ; That imprisonment .10 ue Tl.:,. iiiia ilxm enougn lo vote. mieiiigeni over, her troubles will not be necessarily at the New York World thinks, "is probably an end, for if her husband again re(uests based on the assumption that the selection ot her to live with him, and she agaiu refuses pork chops is a similar process to the selecfresh a cause of action will arise, and the tion of It cau be further repoliticians." whole miserable business may be repeated marked that, if better results were not seover and over again after the expiration of cured iii the selection of pork chops for the not-on- ly . l - war-danc- ; . " Prom the average attendance, given abbve, the inference seems justifiable that there is a lack of appreciation on the part of the 'parents,-as it is a well established .fact that children Nvill attend their meetings if not kept at home. The presidents ami counselors of Primaries are laying yp treasures in heaven, and in the' hearts of the children. W hile m Indianola we were permitted to Witness a novel entertainment. Our Lamanite brethren and sisters there had arranged to o give a picnic- i if the evening to their iriends, Indians from the Bannock Xation. wdio were there visiting and attending the Sanpete Stake Quarterly ontereneedield at. lLphraim,and who in turn decided "to entertain tbehi with a specimen of their About a dozeii of the warriors, sat 'down on the lloor, surrounding a small drum, on which they, beat excellent time with inutiied sticks to a kind of chant, in w h i ch t h e wa r c h i e flvas t heTead e E One, onTy was dressed in full war dres.-r- , tomahawk and all. Two or three ot them would jump up,, at different times, as" if they had waited to be in- spired by the music, to which they, in perfect" time, would jump on both feet at a time, swingeing their bodies from one side to the other, every little while lifting 'their, tomahawks up over. their heads, f those w ho had no tomahawk used a drum Kick) and giving vent to .the' ominous "Ugh" in a manner that made us shudder, while we thanked our Eather.in Heaven that they were our friends and not" our enemies. Two venerable duels, whose'inajestic bearing and noble looks showed that they could by no nieans be considered dethroned monarchy wero proud but passive spectators of this singular feast. , The kind ..'Bishop' of Indianola, Brother J. Spencer, presided, and upon his invitatiou'we were present, He seemed perfectly at home among both the visiting and resident Laman-ites- , who in their turn seemed to think that his words were their law: Next morniug the ' Bannock visitors w'ere driven to the station by " 'the Indianola Indian, with their own teams. U stcaifiy-i- ii creasing in interest. That work is its own sweet reward, to say nothing about the harvest to come from the seeds of truth and love now sown so faithfully by the sisters who are and ' have been laboring in the good cause. z - e ; . Jl fmeofTlndia;-undcr- . . n - - -- - The case, of Rukmibhai, the native lady whose wrongs amused so general a feeling in England and India, is again exalting attention. :It apars that ltukiiiibhar was married, according to Hindoo Uaug.e, at the 11, to a youth some years her, senior. agii-oShe uniained at her parent house, was carefullyand grew up, according to all -educated, accounts, into a refined ami cultivated lady. Some eighteen ruuiiths ago she published in the ' ; point. - tinu1. . Should 'that opinion, be adverse tu Rukmibhai, it la to be . lioped that- the force of English and Anglo-Indiaopinion will the Government to alter the law. Among the native' community, however, hard-- , ly a single voice except that of Mr. M.ulabaii a Parsee gentleman, has beeu raised in her favor, and the so. called reformers who. agitute loudly for representative institutions, etc.,' say. uv wonl for the alteration of the cruehlaw which the Bombay Court has been reluctant: ; ly compelled to enforcer THE HINDOO MARRIAGE LAW. his children were d to our religion eailier in a '.and higher decree .than previous to tliat - "K-n-e-- c; - ''G-r-o-- . k-n-e- w, .The - l The-sympath- X Ithatifa ' - " . . each term of imprisonment; It is therefore in the highest degree desirable that the Court of ultimate appeal should have an y of expressing its opinion ou the legal oppor-tunit- than in the election of breakfast-tabl- e cians for office, there politi- vvould be trouble in a laige number of the happy families of this country. Ex. 