t f T:7l V V I" 1 of the Women of Zion, and the Rights of the' Wonien of all Nqfims. The Rights v Vol. . 16. TO TH E-- B ELOVE DM EMORY 0 F ornaments and laid them on tle' different tables. Alice felt very joyful with the thought that, her party-ha- d really, reverted into a charity-hal- l, and might be the means of gladdening a few lonely hearts. The tables1 were heaped, rs, with garlands and bouquetjFbf most exquisite-floweand Alice was told to distribute them When hymns of glad and glorious praise proclaim us blest and free, union saved sA last from error's tyranny ln peace-anbe her sleep and sweet her joy, when waking she shall see . The lessonrsown in earthly paths bloom in eternity, , ' d ELIZA-R- . SNOW. SMITH. -- Would that my miise might fitting numbers wake, Meni'ry sweet echoes for a loved one's sake; But oh I too feeble and too sad my.'vqiee, Her's spoke but to make music and rejoice ' Supreme o'er sorrow and life's varied wrongs, Her soul learned lessons that she wrought in songs, And taught her sister's how, through griefs and pains. . The Father made all their trials end in gains. the its to and born Like one state, purple nor not her soul did elate. thrill, praise Pomp with sovereign care, But, calm and watchful, as ' In other's sorrows her spirit came to share. Beside a Frophetyes, beside a king, . She well might stand and bards her praises sing. Yet if her soul a foretaste ever knew , Of future gnndeur, glorious to vieV, - Her-lip-s ne'er spoke the secret in. their pride " For lovelcfwelcome, or the base deride; Nay, all her treasury of hope and faith she kept Within her woman's heart, where sorrows gently slept, Covered them with rev'rent care, and then went forth to . ' Augusta Joyce Crocheron. .. South Bountiful. Dec. 21,1887. - " as she chose. In every heart, however proud, , A CHRISTMAS FLOWER. 4- t seek , Less" blessed than she with fortitude ' weak. . i i " . the sorrowful and '. - . voices who've most of sorrow. the sweetest have . v . '" :. V" known, Soger's bore balm to woonded hearts e'en by its simplest ; tone, And thousands live to bless her voice, yet none have ever neard E'en in reproof, a lone unmeet for love's word. Go, search the lines by mightier pens, her soul soared high as theirs, Yet her humility was sweet as childrens' at their prayers. . Those 5 -- - nd-sorrow's -- - And well might pride and luxury their arrant faces hide, She wore the fabrics that she wrought, their rich array beside, Nor costly gifts, nor radiant gems her queenly form might . , deck, Their passing worth and soulless light her spirit's joy would check; She waited for those richer gems, celestial beings win, Who've overcome the tests of earth and tasted not of sin. . 3 ' f I do not miss her loving smile, it lingersiirrne yet, And raem'ry of her tender voice this heart can ne'er forget, So many, many were the years its music breathed to me I close my eyes and hear again, as last beside her knee She gave me kiss and blessing, her parting farewell gift; A holy spell was in the room, and. seemed almost to lift The veil that wraps this earthly sense from dull and real ... ' 1 things, And almost severs link by link the ties by whichut clings. It did not seem like death, although the scene was new and strange, ! ' -- ,. - A sacred calm was over all, sweet as the blessed change. The emblems that she would, have praised, bloomed like smile through tears," a Missed? r , ... , .': ; '. n ' ;. Yes, we miss her as though none had thought the time could come Those queenly eyes could lose their light, that voice could e'er be dumb, I think we air with reverent faith believed she would be here When Zion's flag should proudly fly o'er all our vales'so - dear, - was all astir. The busy throng, with arms heavily laden, were passing to and iro; gay greetings were heard from every side, mingled, occasionally, with tHe piteous cry of the beggar, or the entreaty of the etreet, wender- - From the windows of shops and dwellings the --lights shone until a late hour. The bright laugh, the merry voice, the tramp of feet, the jingling bells; the rolling wheels, the sounds of music, the occa- fiionat whistle from the boats flying along the river, all mingled in a dreamy, muffled sound, like the approach of a huge army towards the city. It was the heralding of Santa Claus with his hosts of assistants, about to biseige the homes all over tin Christian world, and for one day, at least, overturn and upset all the : ' domestic arrangements. Thiseventful night was to be celebrated, at leftst at one fashionable house, by a grand ball, the day being1 the anniversary, as well : as Christina?, of the birth of the lair daughter of. this home. - And fair she was; almost without Perfect in Jorm jiu d feature, the an eq u al. embodiment of grace and womanliness, and with all, a disposition and nature so.spirituelle, humble and irresistible, that she alike charmed and delighted all who met her; to see her once but led to the desire to know her, and to know was to love, almost adore her. She stood, to night, in front of a table strewn with flowers, delicately and tastily arranged, in a quandary which to wear, all were so beautiful. "I am sure, ' said her fond mother, as your dress is so simple and plain, that this bouquet of various colored roses (lifting the flowers sent by the suitor she most favored) would become vou most. lovelier than any- thing on white; do wear them, Alice," said her 1 thipk these-gerainu- ms sister. "It would be better not to offend anyone to night, and as I cannot wear them "all, I pre fer only this white camelia, which my little invalid friend sent me this morning; surely no one could take offense at that; and let all these flowers be arranged on the table near my stand-- ; and in? place for they shall be sent to brighten the dreary rooms of the -.- "v. poor."" bhe did not yield, notwithstanding her mother's entreaties, but in her pretty white Costume, with the one camelia for ornament, all the lovelier for her plainness, entered the brilliantly decorated ball room.. 'In the sweetest manner and gentlest way she received the many friends who had assembled to greet her' and, favoring "no one especially, but all heartily, passed pleasantly away the hours. She loved society dearly, still could not help but grieve to see so much display of wealth for the mere pleasure of an hour. She announced to her lady friends her intention of sending her flow ers to the sick and poor for Christmas cheering, and thev all were charmed with the idea, and stripped "their robes of the beautiful, costly to-nig- ht, w a kindly - -- . And loving words from noble hearts, that loved her all her . years. And she like one who lay asleep conscious of guardian care Not as though death, but bliss, had loosed the spirit horer- ing there,,.. It was Christmas Evo; and the city U chord, which yields to a; delicate touch at Christmas time, if .only a player can be found who understands the instrument, and Alice understood exactly the. human heart; she had made it her study, and could cause it to yield tvars- and laughter, joy and sympathy with the easiest, lightest words. She had a faculty for rendering people happy, and felt lb night that she , had caused her wealthy , irieu ds as great joy by taking from them, as on the morrow she would cause her poorer ones by giving to - -- No. 14. LAKE CITY, ijTAil, DECEMBER 15, 1887. them. .. and cold. Alice The morninfreame.LJ . U - bright , started early on her rounds from house to house, smiles and bestowing her gifts, pleasant words ou her needy friends.. What a sweet, gracious Santa Claus she was ! No wonder the people loved her. At last she had finisli ed TaTTbii Tto heplace7t he home of ie r poor little boy who "had sent the camelia. As she reached the door she worldtrecL how he came by such a beautiful flower, for surely he bad non,e such among his pretty collection ol window plants. She found her little friend (for such she al- ways called him), bolstered up: in a chair, and looking brighter and better than he evftr had before since she had known him. Always for many years he had been compelled to lie on his bed,-oin the large rolling chair, in which, sometimes oh a fair day, his widowed mother would take him out. It was on one of these occasions that"AlieGfirst"Taw""themrand"wasso moved to pily by the languid appeal of. his large , brown eyes, and the tired look of his mother, that she ventured to address them, and found oOt their condition; their name "was Warner, and they lived not" far away inapoor, But tidy row of tenement houses, and had no means of support but the earnings of the "mother, who went out sewing, and so had to leave her boy alone the whole day Iong,whiIe-shtoiled for their bread. "And how came your boy to be so sick?" ' said Alice. . "He fell over a little stool when only two years old, and hurt his hip; at first, when his father wa3 alive, we had a doctor for him, and believed he might be cured, but his father died, and I had no means with which to retain the physician, and he has grown up weak and helpless, as you see; sometimes better, sometimes worse, and in such pain that I could almost pray to have him die; but then my loneliness comes over me and I feel as though he must live and some day, perhaps, the Lord will help me, so that he may be healed." And this was their story, which so moved Alice that she then and there pronounced herself their friend, and aided them in many ways, byxobtaining wcrk for the mother, and helping the little invalid to learn to read and write and cut out pretty papers, for which she found a rale, and thus he became'a help to his mother, and felt less the. weight qf his dependence. On this Christmas morning a great change seemed to pervade; the house; the boy wa3 bo bright and cheerful, aad the mother gang as -- her-swe- et r e . : 