WOMAN'S EXPONENT. that it is the prudent man, Whom lie despises, to Prest. Daltou said he was pleased to see so ' Sister E. Collins bore testimony whom at last he comes when his rashness and much interest manifested, on this occasion. to. the truth of this work in which we are en"There is" a power in the Belief Society; thoughtlessness and criminal" liberality and gengaged. She made some good remarks to en-- , us in spiritual affairs, and helps erosity have left him no oil with which to. fill his courage us to keep God's commandments. of half the world, the bishop' in many ways; but :our greatest- empty lamp. The improvident Sister Annie Laker, Stake President- of the whom the plodding other half .supports, may read U to mold and fashion .the minds of the July Primary Association, encouraged the sisters to success of all great men in life is ;with profit to both halves what the author of young',-T- he the time,, and not. put off till improve I x .! i . l , - i : .1 ... U. ' I ...i L i; John Halifax has to say " About Money and due, in a great measure, to the teaching of - their vvnat couiul iwuoue fcuuuiuj live mothers. The Gospel has brought together the nearer to God every day. so that we inight feVj " Other Things. "' Upon the subjectof Genius, her common-sens- e best .men and women m the worl d women that we 'are helping - to roll on God's great "' with strong minds, who have given: to their sons which has naturally but little sympathy with the work. ;.: unwholesome and uncomfortable aberrations of. the strength of character that they bear." ' ,. Sister E. M..Pugmire said,." We have had a ' '.Meeting adjourned until ,2 "p.m. by singing, genius,, is peculiarly strong; and almost for the instructions. It is- the "Glorious things are "sung of Zion' Prayer great many good first time in print the characters of the last most practical part that will do us good, not what ' emphatic genius of the ' Victorian Age, and of his by ' B is h op Da tronf- we hear." godd instructions to-t- he Afternoon session:'- After singing, prayer almost equally gifted wife, are discussed in the secretaries iu regard to making out rewas ...oflercd by'Coun. W. Christeuson. Con. light of common-sense- . and Disappointed negtinued by singing, "Spirit of faith, come ports. lected, she did her wifely duty in a literal way, Sister E. F. Budge bore her testimony to. the ':.down.'but she seasoned it with 'incessant complaints, truth' ot this work in which we are engaged. "' The reports of the different Primary Associaand the cruel use of sarcasm. lie lived a. life exSister Sarah Holmes said she did jiot feel a3 ' tions were then given6 by their respective presifull but within with unimpeachable ternally rancor, though she could add one word to what - had dents counselors:or and malice, and cruel selfishness toward her. been said. She borelestimouy to the truth of Coun.S. T. Boice reported the Mauassa P. A.; the And for the first time all their unfortunate troubles, same, and exhorted the sisters to pray for Prest. Annettie Christeuson, the Ephraim of which the world has heard too much, are those who are imprison and in exile. Primary, and Prest. Christiena Mortison the not io his genius, but to hfs bad qualities Bishop William Rich spoke on the duties Richfield all which of in were a Primary, and to her morbid sensitiveness; either of which gopd of mothers to their children. Said,-- "We all ana a conuiuon, Jively interest being taken by have an influence either for have been the cause of equal incompatibiligood or evil; we the children. Ll. i : In will the of bedrid accountable ''idiots" "and "dolts" and 'brain-" ty we use our any The names of the presiding .sisters- of "the" . less asses" his indigestion showed him in the , ... ' y Stake, and also of. the different ward societies world at large. In the avalanche of talk of late Prest. Julia P. Lindsay knew the remarks aud Primary Associations were niesented by upon genius, its rights and its immunitiesits had been" dictated by the Spirit of the lird. uiu secretary ami unanimously sustained by errorsniKi e remarks - have all been - good - and the conference. vagaries and their Miss Mulock's honest opinions, so can. results, Prest. John Morgan said, "I have timely and calculated to do us good." enjoyed to the trary opinion generally expressed, are very this conference very much. Meeting was adjourned until 2 p.m. by sing-- 1 am pleased to refreshing ing,. "Sweet hour of prayer." ' Benediction by V see these organizations growing id our midst, From her chair of Common-Sens- e Elder D. Osborne- the Professor ior iney win result m much good. We should confesses to have lived for sixty years, and to look upon our children as an lleTlfilrrp frrm iha Afternoon session: "Meeting opened by sing- have written and taught .for forty. To the two ,Lord; they are the most priceless boon that mm an my powers ot- Heart and God can give us. We should generations who have listened to her wisdom and them at tonirue. keep Prayer was offered bv Bishnn A. home among the;. Latter-daprofited by her teaching this present lecture.whiclr Saints. .Purity Wrisht. "PraisR Sindnl' Tk ' - JvptliP r,nrd." w .v v. i. UJ O O she delivers as a Christmas remembrance.will cerand innocence are brighter apparel than all the sacrament was administered, which the during fine clothes that tainly bring what she hopes for it a laugh, which choir sang a sacramental-hymn- . they can earn by working out is good; a tear, which is sometimes Sister Lindsay occupied the time in the after- better; and a where they are exposed to all kinds of influences.' SerioUS thought or twn wliJrk God will hnld lid ommiint.lkl., Jc C n -o '' ui ail..-auuiiiauic jur tur cnuaren. BtgmngoMMmmmonson, different ,;,'" Harpers Magazine. : . - 1 '.. - 1 .. -.-- She-aveisom- e1 . - - - ,- - d, : fbr-the-a- -- -- y - - - ttieir-excuse- srits -- aid'-JiTh- - J -- . r . - y K ... - 1 7t T? ff V V T M BAN ..." I A 1 1 : 7 IV 4 Y T1 f c ti Si x)ur brea.l should be light and wholesome, tu.ungut we neanny. -- LUIS STAKE. The conference of the RelleTSoc-ietof this Stake was held in the Munn'n iMarch 20th, 1887, Mrs. Martha 10. Smith prePresent on the1 stand were Mrs. siding. mnr,hn,;, Pre.t. Martha E. Smith said, "rhave. been Aw-u-pw-- a that hearty welcome to the sisters who uinvea irom the Southern States. Extendi hai latelv Said her health had been poor for some time, and she had not been able to visit the sisters as much as .he would liked to have done Asked the Marfarnf. Hnbpll nf Q A. Boice, of Oxford, Idaho, Prest. John Mor us all. utnn vo gan, me rresi.ient : ot nt, Conlerence brethren for and sifters. leading " i Choir ncr ''fr.noL r After the usmil onpnimf "nn;,,,,, xf i:.. : and prayer, minutes of nrpvioiM were read and approved. S. T. B. Sec. Opening remarks by iu. ii. xioice: "i esteem it a great priviBEAR LAKE STAKE. lege to bear my testimony to the truth of this work.-.- We should put our" trust in and Minutes of the Relief honor the holy Priesthood." Said herGod, Society annual mother the" east .side of Bear had a g impse of the Gospel; River held long before it was" a Montpeher,. Marcfr revealed to Joseph Smith, and she had ho.m Gth, 1887, 1 . Sino-iDf.Lmd,ay waiting for it; when it came to her she was readv William J by to receive if. Bislu,p grayer Ricl C(mdnuW Sister Margaret Haskell: "I am f Prions .conf ence IZul pleaded to see vou. mv bn th ii ihv remarks Prest. J. P. Lind-sa- y good.ud ueiice here. I can say with truth that , u.. expressed her thankfnln this is the kingdom of God. and T hope tbaf privilege of bei,n. 7" .abCia. may nave tlie calm.r , to rest upon them that, spinrortlieir t he rpnnrta tl pie atoned j teach the principles of the io each other and to their children, that Gospel it may have an n CheS f "1C predion upon their hearts." ,v" repre-ea "the 1rtF Ur!' Mana'l -a r,reSpC;Ct',re MSnUSn' R 17, 1,0k? "le tabulations which t ur'c'r ana Cou,M,lriaHllo;;;:ft,10f i UP-8 le L'1ttef-'laSaints. Said, t IH each spuko a short '' b. , " to ,l,e truth, of the auv0J au.1 .other, places, but all will j. be well the-Stake.- Olc-d- i -and thrrir bMvZ oid ' con-fenence- t - r - Sfl? Jn J'' .1 :,-- B-we- re J lt' X 'v l"-i'l'-'- ;,i Z jjj a e Wthtl f,. y "rH r;'t',ivo our ""'"1 if , ? , tneoriPoke-of-thelawf neonle andofthetribulationswhiciareUmL lous which have 4.41.0 3 w.c,in uut vjuu win come irom liis His own due fimp nnd hid-iu- g .M.r place, them from bondage." Bro. D. Osborne endorsed the remarks of Sister Lindsay; knew they had been dictated by the Spirit of the Lord. ; was Meeting adjourned by singing, "Let Ziou in her beauty rise." Benediction by Bro. James Collins.; Jane Osborne, Sec. ' :- - , . iTT non - oiauu sun iu iniS j Church; they will either b:irkxr;.rH nr ward. She spoke of the dividing line which is now taking place. "Xo one can stand firm rch without a testimony to tho tmtU of the same. God has nallpd II a MM f frnrri liabylon, that we might not be partakers of her sins and of her nlHcrno- - npltho. cr,rt,,u , partake of her ways and her fashions. We should make our own fashions, and not follow CACHE STAKE. The Conference of the Y. L. M. I. A. of tTaenttakecon vened in t h Tin-r- a rt --T- h at 10:30 a.m., Saturday, May 7th, 1887, Prest. Carrie M, G,Smith presiding. Meeting opened with singing, "Hearts and Homes." Prayer .was offered E. Smith. Singing "God by-Siste- is Love. r -- President Smith stated that she desired those giving reports to state the successes or failures with which they hd met incarrying out the programme assigned. Verbal reports of all the associations in the county were given. According to the reports the associations were in a prosperous condition . ( " ' 