called away to labor in another sphret She afterwards Mark Trecce, who was a wjdovyer with a family cf - married small children, and Sister Emma, never having been. blest; "wiili children of her own, took the motherless children to a mnthrr- to ihenv indeed. About llttl.ll auu jjhj thirteen vears atro she moved with" her. husband to Co vethc Relief ville, where she resided till her death.When set was apartas Society of this ward was organized she and she. which' nobly ulfilled honorably position president, till sickness compelled her to resign, ror many years sne has been a sufferer; but she bore Jier afflictions with and waited patiently for the time to come when she would haye the' privilege of joining those dear ones who have gone before where, free from pain and sorrow in the mansions of the blessed, her spirit would be free.JOf Sister Emma it may truly be s lid, blessed are the dead that die in tho Lord. She has kept thc faith, she has fought the good fight, and her reward is sure. Her memory and her acts of kindness will long live in the hearts of her numerous friends. Sainf, and She died as she had lived, a faithful Latter-da- y ' . ; in full fyopes of a glorious resurrection. and all tli ft dancincr. to .cnjortKcinselvfcS well. "Counselors ur.ut t . Tl'jtra nnrl nlr took . . -" in the success 01 me .emcria nV;U1 nctivc .i'l'llcn' 1 X 1 jart - ; - " I,-- Sylvia Owen., bec ... loll-yo- something that certainly la lrnrtsf. -frivolous to talk - ' kvvjij-- u IU'S, I IliJUii it j; -- - HONOR TO BISHOP MADSEN. I must hn people" of this place Resembled at our hoiue on the 2ord ult., the surBishop's "birthday, to give hrai a friendly prise. We had gone out to see the cane field, Abjut Hxty of the good and 'when we carae back they were all awaiting the Bishop. The weather wWlovcly; the gar--- 1 leu '. and porch afforded shady room for the happy, friendly company. A table, at which thirty people could sit at a time, was filled with a bounteous picnic, and fin elegant reclining. , chair, the gift of those assembled, to the Bishop, was placed nt the head of the tabic. Bro. John E. Metcalf, First Counselor to the Bishop, presided, and : in a niconttIcspeecb told the Bishop, in'behTifothpsTpitsent.'bow" happy they were to meet; arid this was the way they felt to express their good feelings for him, and their appreciation of his labors among - them and for them. .The Bishop was entirely-ignoraof anything going on, until he turned to drive in through the gate;. when it dawned upon his mind what ijg meant; and he asked .mo if I didn't know this, and I told hirn that I did; but it was not customary to "tell." - ' ip. : M. NOTICE. . Ihe Stake ,' II. here she was one of the faithful, Who walked in the fear of the Lord; Her death, like the! righteous, was peaceful, VVith them she'll inherit reward. r are hereby oilicially notified to prepare Stake reports, carefully, upon printed blanks, and forward them as early as the loth' of September, that a complete and satifactory report may be made to the general conference in semi-annua- October. -- l , Direct the reports to Miss Mary E. Cook, 323 E. Tnird South Street, Salt Lake City, V- Utah MISCELLANEOUS. Moral courage is the rarest of qualities, aiid oftiu maligned. Life is too short tobe spentin minding other . people's business . Faith steps in to our aid when our boasted knowledge and reason fail. It is the reply, rather than the statement that makes the quarrel. E. P. D vj, Uneducated men may escape intellectual degradation; uneducated women cannot. Sid- -- 7i cy Smith What men want in is not talent, it is purpose ; other words, not the power to achieve, but the will to labor.!? uhver Lyiton. If the poet be correct in his morals, his verse will partake of the same purity; the penis the the of and what mind, his conceptions tongue are, such will be his productions. Cercanks. OBITUARIES. Diei at Coveviile, Cache Go., Utah, on May the 19th, 1887, of paralysis, Emma BloomCUJ; She was Lorn at Bnngary Suffolk, England, March iSth, 1827. U'as baptized into the Church by John BloomfielJ, Nov. 3rJ, iS.-af-ter which she emigrated tp Utah, and sealed at Frankla In October, 1861, she was married to h:uc W.ile and lived in the order of celestial marriage t;li her husband' was Casli Rouse. IT "R . : ! She's gone to the bright habitation, hfire truth's mar aid in the song of salvation W . To remain,-- , tyrcd-worthie- s , JAME3 D-AVir) , Till Christ on the earth comes to reign. Jane R. Biggs. . CO., $s . TINNERS, CAS.WATER & STEAM FITTERS Agent for RUMSEYS celebrated LIFT and FOR JB PUMPo. Pumpg Repaired on short nottc. Orders from -- I NT MEMORY OF MARY JANE CREER. the country promptly responded to. . Mary Jane Creer, daughter of Willard Orson and Emma Creer, was born Jan. 22nd, 1876 in Spanish Fork City, and died June nth, 1887. WAiliui, Di7U Whereas, It has pleased our' Heavenly Father to call from our midst bur much loved sister and asssociate, Mary ' ' Resolved, That we, the officers and members of the Primary Association of Spanish Fork, do truly sympathize with her parents in their sad bereavement; for we realize that our much loved sister was an amiable and exemplary child. ''She was a regular attendant at our Primary meetings, and was always punctual in whatever she promised to do, and was much beloved by all her associates; she has left a record worthy of imitation. Resolved, .Thai a copy of this resolution be presented to her parents, one sent to the Woman's Exponent, and one kept upon our Primary record, Mary Jane was called away From Sunday School and Primary, lAnd we miss the gentle face From its long accustomed, place. Happy child! She learned in youth Principles of life and truth; all the good she gained while here, Will aid her in a brighter sphere.' Her spirit mingles with the blest, Her body In the grave will rest Until the resurrection piorn' Long promised, on the world shall dawn. JAH23, Sox 336. SILT LAII ESTABLISHED OCTOBER, RESOLUTION'S OF RESrECT. Jane Creer. oflicors of Y. L. M. I. A. The Leading Retail VVhile ' nt ' SALT LAKE CITY. , " 'EMPORIUM EAGLE forti-titud- e, j -- THO 1 n , CITT. 18CJ. if w - 1 ' t SALT LAKE CITY, Utahi IMPORTERS AND JOBBERS OF Goods, Notions, Groceries Dry : HEAVY AND SHELF HAKDWARE, GLASS AND QUEENSWARE, ' ELEGANT CUT GLASS, . AGRICULTURAL TOOLS AND CLOTH AND CLOTHING, ' PURE DRUGS AND CHEMICALS, Hannah Corkabv. Caroline Pace, ) Mary J. Morrison, j Counselors-Hanna- CARPETS h AND WALL PAPERS, ALL GRADES AND NEWEST DESIGNS. ; Jex, Sec. . DIED. Elizabeth Barber, aged 78 years and two months at the house of her Saml. Pike, on the 1st of August. Her remains were buried in Logan Cemetery on Wednesday 3rd, inst. She embraced, the Gospel in the early days of the Church at: Birmingham, England and enrgrated in 1870. She endured much suffering from rheumatism -- and dropsy for many years with fortitude and patience. She was a mild, wise great woman ' and left five children to mourn her loss. EMMA PlKE- ' Logan City, Utah, Aug. 5th, l787, son-in-la- Pratt. Otfce and lleddence at the Deseret Hospital, Ward, Salt Lake City. The Warm Springs car the Hospital, which can also be reached passes by Telephone 269 We more complete Stock thaa any house In the west. JEST" ?ef ntetr.th 1 MENTS, Eliza 'g. Jex, Prcst. Dr. Romania B. . carry-- a larger-an- d 0. ELDREDCE. Supt. Special to the Ladies. H. AT TEASDEL'S and pioductions Will be found the latest styles in - LACES, .RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, V RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES, And an elegant assortmenf of X)E1T a-- OO IDS : Special department tor Ladiea' Misses'- - and Shoes. 112i 114,, 110, 118 In-arj- t't East Tetnplt Stre 