The Rights Vol. of the Women of Zion, and the Rights of the Women of , - THE WOODS. Sunshine! bright, welcome sight,, i: Driving care away; Perfume the air On this balmy day. rare-fills- , y: Mr. President, , Hours gay, pass away, .Then the lunch we spread, , Under trees, with spreading leaves, , Luncheon relished, all are nourished, Lively jest goes round; 2.1 Merry laughter follows after, Makes the woods resound, Shady bowers, restful hours, Fill our hearts with love In heartfelt praise, our voices raise To One who dwells above, 4 ! Zephyrs sighing, day is dying, Footsteps homeward roam. In this way we passed a day Near our mountain home. Soda Springs, April 27, 1886. For -- Branching overhead. and Professors character. Fellow-$tu-- ', Independence of character does not consist in a disposition to quarrel and contend on . , .J. at,t issue ueiweeu us auu our. every point neighbors. "Noise and fury" no more signify independence, than the smoke and thunder of dents: -- ' Merry shout, ringing out ; In the forest shade; Dlossomsrare, gathered there, And bright garlands made. live after the world's opinion; it is easy, in solitude, to live after our own; but the great man is he, who, in the midst of the crowd, keeps, with perfect sweetness, the independence 01 his DESK RET UNIVERSITY". , ADDRESS OF CHANCELLOR O. F. WHITNEY. Birdies sing, echoes ring, "Rippling waters-plaVV ith children four we leave the door, And to the woods we stray. " : May L. Marler. LIFE'S SCHOOL. sat in the school of sorrow, I he Master was teaching there, And' my eyes were dim with weeping, - And my heart was full of care, Instead of. looking upward """ And seeing His face divine, So full of the tenderest pity ' For weary hearts like mine' I - No. 2. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, JUNE 15, 1887. 1C. A DAY- IN ' all Nations. . At last, in my heavy sorrow, I looked front the cross r above, Arid I saw the Master watching W ith a glance of tender love. He turned to the cross before me, I thought I heard Him say, "My child, thou must bear thy burdeu, And learn thy task V I may not tell the reason, ' lis enough for thee to know That I, the Master, am teaching, And give thee this cup ofwoe.M So I stooped to that heavy sorrow, One look at that face divine Had given me power to trust Him, And say, "Thy will, not mine." ' ' And then I learned my lesson, Taught by the Master alone He only knows the tears I shed : For He has shed His own. . But from them comes a brightness Straight from the home above, . Where the school life will be ended, AndJhe cross will show the lovcSekcied. 1 Uni- versity, in the University of life, the school of human experience. l am not vain enough to suppose, in addres-ocsing you for a short time on this interesting casion, that I shall say anything new and startling. To beoriginal, in the sense of creating something new, in an age like ours, and iua world where history has so often' repeated it- I self as to make each generation- - almost a pla giarism of its predecessors, is to be more, than it is to "one man' picked out of be an anomaly and a marvel in the the eyes of mankind his readers to carry advised once An, editor with them a pencil .and tablets, and be ready to jot down any new idea that came into their minds. Another editor, observed sarcastically, that some of them might carry the pencil a thousand "years, and not wear on the original point. All that ordinary mortals can hope, at this late day,I presume, is to pluck the fruit from trees of others' plan ting, and by the various methods of cookery known to this generation to make our if I may use the: figure o'ssible. offering as acceptable as There is an original it v, however, which I be lieve it is the privilege of all men to exercise; -- and not only their privilege, but their bounden duty, it is to be 'original m the sense or being independent, honest, conscientious, in all that we say and do; in other words, to be original In the sense of being true to ourselves. bays bhakespeare: . r . armies are contending. Silence and rest may be quite as independent, and are often far more The great man, the man of independence, thinks, speaks and acts for himself. He will - never be found doing a thing,orsaying a thingr because it b popular. He will dare to simply be himself,though the whole world oppose him. ten-thousan- " He neither coincides in order to win favor, nor opposes for opposition's sake. ' He will side With the many, or with the few, according as his conscience dictates. He '3 broad and liberal in his. views, and tolerant of the views of others. r r t f i 10 ueiena tne weaK against tne lie win aare strong, and will, never be found trampling on the defenseless. No man is great, no man is ".' a : : To thine own self be true, And it must follow, as the night the day, Thou canst not then be false to any man. One of the greatest rieed3 of humanity, in all ages, is men and women of originality; of truth t u lness, sincerity, gen u ine raoti ves and in dependence of character; men and women who tfiink for themselves, and dare to act according to their thinking. As the present age is no ex ception, and I am speaking to some of the men and women of the present and , the future, it "will not be out of place for me to continue on . the subject 1 have begun. At first thought, it may seem a simple matter, a very easy task, to be true to one's self; that is, to be one's self, and not another; to defend and serve self, when-- necessary; and to deny . J.-- i .1 t ! J!.i.i 10 sen, wnen wisuom auu uuiy listen nictate; to and obey the "still small voice" of con science, the voice of God in the human heart. no matter now with silver tongue how darkly dangera may threaten; may plead,or to stand as a light-houson the storm-beate- n coast, unmoved by wind or wave, sending the I n 1' " .t light 01 a neroic example over the tempestuous waters, as a beacon 01 hope and 01 warning: to ' ": - , 1- scir-intere- - , st e . 'others..... 1 1 - ; ' " , . - ; Let those who will, think it simple and easy. Simple it may be for simplest things are, as a rule, the greatest--b- ut to put such thinp-- ia has in all ages, the Hercupractice required, e lean efforts and courage of earth's souls'. ,giant Says Emerson: "It is' easy, in the world, to g lion-lik- 1 . . . brave, no man fis free, who feels or acts otherwise- , , "They are slaves who fear to speak For the fallen and the weak; They are slaves who will not choose . Ha'red, scoffing and abuse, Rather than in silence shrink From the truth the needs must think,-They are slaves who dare not be . " trive I only thought of the burden, The cross that before me lay, So hard and heavy tb carry ' That it darkened, the light of day. So I could not learn my lesson, And say, "Thyill be done, " And the Master came not near me As the weary hours rolled on. if .not in this we are all students :r . - IrT fhe 7 right f wi thT wa"Of Ihre :; t Mifc- - Conscience makes co wards of all who fear to follow her; and bigotry, intolerance -- that worst of tyrants binds its votaries, 'far more than: itsvictira But let us consider the subject in some of its lighter phases. It is always a sign of weakness, in real life, to be an imitator; to be a mirror, a8 it were, of other men's manners, or the echo of other men's words and ideas. Such things be- long to childhood or. to the mimic stage. God intended man to be original, to act his own part in life's drama, to speak hi3 own lines,and no one else's. Even the actor, whose profession is to imitate, to "hold the mirror up to nature" and the perfection of whose art is "the highest imitation of nature;" even he must be original, or he will never achieve greatness. There is an imitation which even imitators must avoid (ex- cept it be in burlesque, and that is the imita tion of each other's style of acting. Variety is necessary. One Edwin Booth is enough. One Sara Bernhardt is sufficient. We do not Teoeehm-duplicatedrin-every-supe- ' rnu i merary around them. The same 4iolds;good in literatjirerTurning dawn the collar and drinking wine out of a skull goblet do not make a Lord Byron, by any means. It may make a laugh, but, it will be at the expense of the simpleton" who causey it. "The poet is born, hot made," and every poet sent into the world must sing his own song", and not another's, or the world will belittle better for his singing. Affectation of any kind is disgusting. It is falsehood; it is theft; it is sinning against nawho ture. The young man, American-born- , to goes England a Yankee, aud comes back a Cockney, exchanging his native nasal twang " r " . , . 