93 WOMAN'S; EXPONENT. make this, pleasant and .interesting,, we purpose before-ou- r. next conference. having a fair . of this work in our introduction Previous to the has been to assist the meetings, their only work missionaries, donate to the Temple, thhingetc There are few. poor among, them. Owing to the delightfulness of the climate, but little clothing is will yield their susrequired, and when the earth tenance (poi) they 'are never in "want. Hence, it "has been thought wise to call on them to assist of-'cu- ri wh ' Libbie Noall, President, Lucy M. King, Nellie Bbesley, Counselors. PRIMARY MEETING AND FAIR. beards meeting of the P. A. of South Cottonwood in company with Sister 'E. C. Clawson, on -- Thursday, Nov. 10th, at 11 o'clock a.m., Mrs. Elizabeth Davis presiding. There was quite a good attendance of the children, and a programme had been prepared for the occasion, consisting of choice selections of recitations and' songs, which were well rendered. The hp hpid in dn- tricts during the winter season, as the distances- - in the ward house; so previous 10 ine cnange this special meeting and Fair was held to encourage the little ones. After the programme was finished, Prestr-Davi- s asked some questionsr that were promptly Answprpd hv the children r and- - Sisters E. C. Clawson. ErB. Wells. M. Rawlins amLE Davis each spoke a few minutes, encouraging the children in the good work in which they were engaged, and impressing upon them the necessity of obedience, honesty, truthfulness, perseverance and every virtue that would prepare them for usefulness in the kingdom of God upon the earth. After the close of the meeting excellent were served in the adjoining hall, where preparations had been made for the Fair. The Primary children had been assisted bythe Young- - Ladies' Association in getting articles for the Fair, and it was a very good showing. There were on exhibition by the little boys, vegetables of several kinds, all very large and of good quality; also little articles made by ingenious and skillful hands, chairs,-tablewheelbarrow, and other useful things, pencil drawings and so on; needle work in abundance of almost every variety, plain sewing and fancy work, embroidery,' lace work crochet, plain and fancy knitting, wool flowers, nair flowers, a miniature house cut ana covered with quite picturesque,.by the girls. A young Brother Tipton had made quite a and was showing a unique little 1 microscope, .. 1 ,1 .1 MJ musquito under it, wnicn amused tne cnnureu, ' s, ' - ar,A nnAn 1 1 1 lflr,o tinrna and teeth assuming such large proportions. re&mbl of-thos- : " INTERESTING ",: . A large frame contained the, photo's of fifty-fiv- e Maori es; a brief Tiescription, of the picture is given here, and below, also, a description of a Maori village' a photograph of which was exhibited at the Fair, and last llie Kauri tree, which gives emp'oyment to mpny people in digging for the gum, which is "one of the chief . exports of the country. Editor Exponent: Dear Sister Wells: "In the middle of the, frame is TISIT. a," Since President' Anna Ivins returned from the city she requested ms ti) send you a short' .sketch of our trip around the St. 'George Stake: September 29th Sisters Mary B. Eyring, Ann 0. AVoodbiiry of Pidief Society, .Mary G. Whitehead of Mutuals, and Julia H. Ivirii of; - the Primaries' Jeft for Jlu3 Sjinta Clara. At 3 o'clock niet with the Relief Society and Yo.ung Ladies togethcrand afterwards met with the Primary; had a very good time, and hope a profitable one to all. "We spent the uight'willi -- . THE MAORI PHOTO P. .. Prest.Ihaia " o-many 1 :: : Hopn, a distinguished Maori chief, and first among theMaoris- - to receive the holy Priesthood, and President of the first branch, Te Sister Ensign. Ore Ore. lie died firm in the Gospel, April The 30th we traveled on to Gunlock.- - At 3 27, 188G. On his left is his wife, Erihapata; o'clock .met with Pnmary; Sister Ella Leavitt. in the centre of the bottom is Piripi TeMaari, smaltchildren.she THiie"r6rncT Rakai Wb kairi Tri.be and - resigned, as she, had could not attend; SistemLizzieLIunt was put President of the Kohunni Branch; on his left Second Counselor to Sister Emma Holt. in Ihana is Sister Horiana llopn, daughter of -AIet with Relief Society; had a very good raeet- Hopn, i n Lai --d ress; i n cen tre 0 Ls econd row is -Paratane Tu tr ami : A poro Kumeroa lnr'. October 1st' traveled on toTine Valley, and First and Arapata TeMaari Second Counselors of he Waitapu Branch, and the others are met with the Primary, Sister Ellen Jones prebrothers and sisters in the Gospel, whose genersiding. On the 2nd met in the afternoon; the ous heart3 and hospitable acts are not to be exBishop administered the sacrament, and turned to ithe sifters. In the evening Ihe meeting-overcelled on mother earth. Sister Lucy Gardner met with the Mutual "THE MAORI VILLAGE ...... ' .resigned, and Sister Emma Burgess chosen Ci)tinselor to Sister Julia Cox. -- We "Is TaranakL the largest native village in had a day long to be remembered. New Zealand and the home of Ti Witi, the 3rd went on to Ilamblin; bad dinner at Sister 'great Maori Prophet, who claims to be equal Canfields, and traveled on to Hebron. At 4 with Christ, and was visited in March, 1885, o'clock held- meeting; very few people are iu by Elder Amasa Aid rich and myself, as the this place, owing to the water being gone. They hrst two Mormon Elders to present to him the have very nice brick houses, but are discouronly true Gospel. . On that occasion we made aged at keeping lip such a long flume; they a trip of 600 miles in six weeks, mostly on foot, think of moving to the water. A good feeling and slept seven nights 011 cold ...mother eartli,-anprevailed. We traveled on to Bishop Terry's we. Were blest of the Lord, and trust the Ranch, and stayed all night, where we were seed we in our humble way endeavored to hospitably entertained. pant will yet'springrtliTdnichJ!mU The 4tI.Lwe jra vel?' I io"T?nacca. Hercwer- The fern3 are a few of the100 kinds to be divided, part going to Bishop Lee's and the others to President Wails worth's.. This settlefound in Maoriland, or New Zealand. Fern ment has had a good deal of sickness in the Alley is one of the lovliest places ii the world. shape of measles and whooping cough. 5th "THE KAURI TREE. met with Primary in the. fbrenoon. and with Society and Young Ladies in the "Stateliestof all the forest giants of New 7,?a- - the Relief. had a very good time. aisf-- is the Kauri ' Tree, t with -- its crown., of. afternoon; The Otliivelravelfd on to Biu. Teiry's Ranch powerful brauches twinediut o a "dark,. den e in the morning. The 7th f.urid snow ou the green roof, and attains to the height of 140 to ground; had a very cold drive to Hamblinjheld 150. feet, and even 200 feet Its trunk and meeting in the afternoon; had a very good time; -branches produce an abudance of resin or very few people in this settlement. 8th went Kauri gum, and which is. found in the earth on to Pinto; snow most of the way; held meetfrom the surface to twelve feet deep, and affords Harrison's, owing to the ing at "President-Janeemployment for some 10,000 to 12,000 people meeting house being umler repair. Met with in the neighborhood and north of Auckland, Bro. D. II. Cannon, who encouraged us very and used which is sent away by the ship-loamuch in our labors. Traveled on to Harmony; for varnish, etc.,"as well as many beautiful snow near 3 feet deep on the side of the road. ornaments, watch chains, brooches, eardrops, On the 9th mt with theSibbath School; sisters etc. Everything in the New Zealand forest is talked to the children. In the afternoon met evergreen, and it is lovely ami grand. with the R. S. and Y L; had a very good "Very respectfully, titiie. 10th traveled on to Toquerviile met "Eurini Ruiiii Reweti, with Relief Society and Young Ladies; also the " "Edwin Lewis Davis." Primary There is a bright Jot of children here, and Sister Adelaide-Savag- e The children and young people certainly detakes, great interest in them. 11th went on to Rockville. serve great praise for the very interesting arti12th met with the Primary inthe. forenoon; cles produced and made, as also for the here is a very interesting Primary, and shows arrangement of the whole Fair, which prethe energy of Sister Lizzie Smith. In the sented an attractive appearance. .We ought afternoon met with Relief Society. The young not 'to omit mentioning the cooking, bread, ladies of this place are "all married; Vome from cakes in great variety, fruits, jellies and preSpringdale and Sbonesbury met us here; these serves, in fact there seemed to be a collection ornasettlements have hada good deal of sickness. of the useful and beautituJ, plain and Thf.ap .'Ht.tlft Fairs miist be a stimulus i 13th traveled on to Grafton and held meeting. Where fllllOlW This'settlement is small; most of the people were inrlncfrxr anrl imnriVPmf'nt. any people have' they such encouragement fof out; we had an excellent meeting; they have a -- -- e " edso mew hat a " man's : ng as-Secou- d We had the pleasure of attending a special sea-weed,- " ich3tu n g al sea-weedwhi- these different objects; and since tur last conference they have donated four hundred and cents ($486.25,) dollars and twenty-fiv- e cighty-si- x to these purposes. We will be pleased to receive such instructions as you see fit to give us with regard to our labors here for we realise "our inexperience in the duties resting upon us; but we are very desirous of fulfilling" ourmissions, honpeople. We will also be orably among pleased to receive blanks for our next conference report, that we may better know what is required of us. You will also favor us by statingxthe price ji b-i- - in per hundred of having blanks printed. The. price of printing here necessitates us making ourxown, and if advisable we will send home to have them printed. Ever praying for the welfare of bur sisters in Zion who are unitedly laboring for the "upbuilding of God's Kingdom upon the earth. We have the honor to be, Your sister in the Gospel, all, for it is well known the. Primary tion takes in all the- - little folks without any in.idc of rich or poor, who will distinction come andjbu haiglit under the direction who preside. ' There were a number- cities ifrom New. Zealand on exhibition, brought by Bro. E L. Davis, quantities of ferns, some artistically arranged and framed, and shells of various sorts and sizes; the most peculiar was one to . - d . . -- d, . . 1 ,- -. : 