WOMAN'S .EXPOM ENT. Juiiol u I u , a Week ago t da v, Tife arm y t urned out; the navy'saiut.vd, the Hole population of 'emed to bL ma-j- ed t he island upon tririsilbre ' to their gooddjyWjovied' 'to";tiiy Queen;-was an scene.'' !I lu-ilcul- w,"is broke in thes si?e be-lor- .;at-iuiiHM-(, restaurateur, Spirit of the Lord with; u coati'nuall) ;. we are iu His hands, and He is'oar Only defeisc we real :.' luitniui. Sister i- by the Secretary, the financial I . . I . J. " report' Jo-ept- i - - ,i . .stir-Genera- . l ..in-th- - . u-;- - . reft-ire- i -- aLrc.---anC3 -- ' .. ;TT.-i7-.- rrr n-- f , , nir?f "it 1 . . sia fesmen f present, that "as soon as England give.- us any troub'e about wanting her money, wv will come ttft-trfE E Upland e over he'V ' " I l V, i he ilawana:! wuiit Jmthiiig -- tMiovith'ijer. it3 was' so troairnent by .delighted. with luriv -- (Japlait Ii. G. Howiett that 'no sooner had its inembvrs finished' their toilets ?hanthey sallied 'bought a handsoine gold watch, had 'his initials and. an npropriate nicriptloir cngi;a7ed upon ir, and prcseiitwl it to tlie iaptain as ''an evidenee of their esteem and of-th- Au-brali- a,- The Cltroui'tr. 'Tatitude. U Y.L. E L A. A. EEPOtLTc:. it i fer with the guilty. She exhorted the sisters to '. i . i l' l siet, lto ue as, angei.i oi mercy in me visit ine : ! ' i .. . . t ..-- ; J1ickja!iaiiubiir wiio tf Salt Lake, sorrow-Siste- Conference .opened with siniMlljr and prayer by i'atriareh ZehedeeXohrin. Ulster aiinerva ftnovv said; I feel pleasure . t., K. in these associations. hikI I i i fcv UUU with you, for' we are ail. helping to roiliyforth Father's work, and I do not know of :u.vthm.r that, is more inij.ortaut than to Itfdp build up Hi kingdom. .We should be faithful iiM.rJil.in that we are called geut every duty noun to penorm, me nand,.ot Uod n niuving amon r the nations of the earth, and God mil carry us through this .persecution if we ar- fiithfnl ainl rely upon Him, and; no matter what we endure, our reward will be the riches of. eter-- . 1 - - nity. r Sister Hyde of San iete. said she hndr as a hstenei; never felt more like endnrin.f .. & f the end lhajr We must be zealous iu cause the oi:Lnrist and serve the Lord with all our hearts. The speaker felt that her hearers were en the Lord's aide, and that it is our own fault if we do not .have the Spirit of the Lord, thiough not living up to our privileges. fci'ster Taylor from Salt Lake City siioke of our testimony, that' this is the work of God, aud alluded to the perfect character of our organizations, like which there 14 nothing iu the W(rld. Wc mu-- t be in subjection tothe will of God, for darkness is hoverbi nvc-- in. Though we may feel, that we are driven to the wall, yet wo know that God rules, and we cau t rust II i m r Pel h a is u 1 ofnT 17" imi faitlrthat we shouhf have. Do we remember that we have the promise that we cau come to Him and ask for things and take mi ilpninl The Relief Sciety has a great and important mission to perform, and each ot us inuu try to wo r our own salvatio u . To.lJi e ne i k r the "Gospel, was dearer thau ever it to-da- r 1 1 1 1 to-da- y r her pleasure m "meeting with the sisters ot.'Mesa; she had enioved the meeting very much, aud felt that the Spirit of the Lord wa.sjn our niifUc h bflieved thete- was a troo'd beoole ') iu all their here,j for she had felt this spirit i highly of the beauty of meetings. our country, and said sue had enjoyed tier visit very much. .. Conference wasjheii adjourned for three months. S. M. Pome no y. Crismon, ixpre-se- d - She-spok- . . UTAH STAKE. Relief, So- The quarterly conference . i cjety of this ;take'.wa's held 3Lrcii -- 5tii, 187, at. the residence of our President, E. G- - Ic- Doaaid, comiiiiicing at 1 .p.m., Prest. E G. The meeting opened McDonald presiding. with '.singing and - prayer, aiterJ.Av;hieh the tuinuie-- of the conference were read f -- lowinn tnmbleand are-bow- ed JIAIIICOI'A fcTAKE. of-dkei T lioberU-o- 2 p. m. . 4 . through the inllueuce of that spirit. , e i . - m - e Goshen, was iinnres.sed-nthe to .sisters with the Mirit of inohh, v speak and uttered -- coinmriing' wJrds to tlio sisters u-t-- ismall salary. lair siiawiugconsidenug the Hawaiian people m.iKii- d.,preuy nuru iimcs. are very fond of the atom, that is," the iiemark. were then made by a number of Ah," indued,-iwould, have made you wee!) to sisters, who expressed their firm belief in the have tocen tlic spectacle of an adored Queen leaving thati auniit isle of sthe ea, wheiLthe rryiiOhyMkrJasting (iup.. l as revealed the Prophet Smith, and their sugar cane "through goiguus jMi.u.T,4,iu tau snhe-icUesires ever to be dutii-.faithful to their the rustic in evening breeze. Grandest 'juutry fcoihe of the brethren who were i, resent Were Fact; F: Oil carta, Mrour exports .i i ' tnen to ., were 3 i -- .000,000 hist Year requested, speak: Gharlcs Allen "i he liad been tdro. w.li (Quarter..-- i, or the army, phased rwilii the. and exercises, bear Lemuel oamuei .ow,ein, k; a Lin e party aud. wjli- accompany h;r Majesty y, Kugiand, that the Spirit of the' Lord had dictated the abd wiirihc'n take his diwio.. Italy. The remarKs ttiat had been made. He fdt that tin. lidief Society was a nower in the midt. of thi. yiun huly iau artit jHexcr j,uuUaLubilii.y, peoj)le,.au(lexh(rted all to and it'is uneierstood that she ::hai! be placed prepare .'themselves events ior ine were near that at our doors atoneof the leading art scho.jlr iu Italy, so lro. Ileber had f.- -f said. "A that her talents may be' properly developed. anu we must be true to. our religion, if we de - Iliw- -I xwikitcyr John-- ' O. Dominis, to tith of the miiitury force, was sired to stand." The speaker and the word of iug and the 'wisdom, emit the only gentleman who was not seen in the U) those who blessings these promised, obeyed corridor. .of ihe Palace Hotel. The 'voyage . . . i anu gave many good instructions. had 'riot., been a. Imnpy one h,f. him, and he laws, Hro. George Lewis .felt to endorse what had had accordingly retired. He E the Imsbaud of been said, and felt that woman's influence was her Royal Highness, the Princess Liliuokalauj, a power ju theiand, and should be exercised the heir apparent to the throne. He isabout fo'r gootl. In oidcr to do this we should is fiver .Years" iddor7mm keep 4a. vears of-" J tne ot God our in that we" hearts, spirit General fXnninis, the fuiure may the Queen- seelc eternal Hie above every earthlv obiect. Prince consort to the expectant Hawaiian Prest. E. G. McDonald then addressed the aud is about 55 year of Queen," is meetiii''. She had felt to reioice in the te.--ii i avc. monies that had been borne j by the brethren The Hawaiian.-- ' seem to be jubilant over, and j aud felt that there was a spirit of sisters, their success in raising, moiwy iu England, and. good created by tluse meetings. We should tav that their credit in that country, is .irood for us3 all influence we have against selliiiL' . any amount. our homes to those who arejaot .oT(mr Faiths Vhen it was hinged that waan of our irjlieritimt;rwe.. ti.t . r vtA V. J f T.f""we'"' are"' "neglectful tt.. rlt.J i. : j fj shall receive a chastening from the lianls of even unto tiie farthing, there was a our enemies, and the i n ii'oceut will have to su f-n .tv ' 1runi Hie. nf . if-r- e - Ihe statistical and finanehil nomr; who it k.:dhged, ni i he still .hunt lor who can make icj cream amt'digcsiibid pastry oa r their error and loss of tne Relief Society were then need not fear cacii have Hi. SiMrit. f.r wipresented ' .the': Conference, and were' rwill feel thut come what - may we will be t'leu unanimouslyi' .., .it ulil-aiu- "Indeed' it are slothful will Who 183 -- was. v Prest. Smoot occupied the remainder of tlm afternoon in speaking f; and iiislructiii" the sisters, very little ot which can bo given I11 these minutes. He lione'd. first of all. wh if. I'm did say would cheer them on their way. and spoke men oi inj actnm ot Lonres-rii- i taking the franchise from the wfuneu of Utah. This however, he felt would be oulv n son, for the Lord,lias pointed out our destinies, if we do our part. The Lord chastens whom' He Jove;, every won and H . us that we may become easy and pliable toj handle like clay in the. hands of thr. ...mr and that He may be able to bring us back into llis presence, and w no instance have His peo-- . pie been flow to 'acknowledge the justice of 4 U-- r dau-ditc- Mt r -- ) Utah Stake Conference oi the Relief SoEre-- t. John ciety, held March 4th7 16.7, . with the usual His acts. Ve, as a peojIe, iiave become filled presiding. Conference opened The minutes with vanity and pride, and many here -..f Jt,uAn-- mv - rnraver.. J CAeicisco vij were as wilLreuiember how were humble we were wheu we read,; of the previous meeting first these came to and lived upou-'rogtci.v valleys uiso the reports 101 previous the and When pride takes possession of greens. '" ' The President re uiested' the presidents of and approved. be we us chastised and humbled, and the verbal to must ' the' Society give thankful to various branches of P.v.f (i r,.rv,T,.dd clouds hanging oyer us indicate that which was done with few exceptions, niHf-"Ct..i j..t,-,-rrtif slip Tt". li.prl the in reports,which Sister John expressed herself as perhaps the Lord is not wclEtdtWifltit-- " toiivenhiice of the place of meeting, but it after Let m ask ourselves, have we forgot iu meeting with the sisters aud cuuld not be avoided, .'hool being kept iu our feeiiu-- ' well he believed the Lord? Have we tauLdit.our. rdiildrMn.j "iNttnhi-- to such good reports Society Hall. She prayed that the spirit of tnlTfoilies of Jabylon? President Youu the sisters are faithful in their dt,tios;ai,d "love that have I focd--- Uie-1 rght: le witlru3lhanviriiiigli in his. day warned all to retrench in their exhorted them to continue faithful, that they a joyful time time thereyas a reform, of God. together. The preside! its'- of t h e hflrent brauehes jn may claim the blessing lr did seek it last but hot "We mu.t long. -- Much responsibility Ke7KHnaDahleIs-sah-thsfTStake gave iu the reports of their respective the Lord earnestly for His Spirit, for we need rests on the mothers, that they fail not to teach their daughters the truths of the Go.-peand to be chan oeeiciics) siiowing an increased exertion on, uiv and t0 he humble and prayerful, to God. wo all pii.rt of most of the. member to clojheir part, There I enough means exworship and inasmuch as able one to another; aud be alive to their - evinced otherwhile pended unnecessarily among the Latter-daduties, u their Saints to build a temple tviry year, inhere "responding slackness aud neglect of is trouble over us let us a.?k ourselves, why is it? fluiie.ihus it is, but those who perform the Ebor will receive the reward, while those :t r to-da- y b- -- - ' i ' u-:i- s to-da- y t u- -i J to-da- -- m - j -- l, y verily 