WOMAN'S EXPONENT. IS or at least too snug to be healthful and if worn i o iiwA it ia f dvppnt. as s me 6v. i.v. Kiimmrt the back." Oh nonsenst! Does any fnr n innmftllt that' Eve was 8UD- ported ly bones and steels? And tha', outrage UUOU with the day. i human form and dishonor to find's handiwork'' and ourselves the L bustle! Mnw rniHi nufel.-- frown and demons laugh to iUa r1iin(htor of Zi()I)! With that thing on to inoek at and deform the shape tl:if find ii:iy. made! Then t h :itHy,' ign orant fashion, nangn Did Goifgive" us a seat of intelligence to cover But we. are up? "Let your light shine!" ashamed of the little light we do possess! Ashamed of the small intelligence we do enjoy and ho must annualize ourselves by concealing me only iiJU'iugewi p.ui, vi .i.jmv Am I cynical? Are my words too strong to be polite? Too harsh to brar out the friendly, HiJnb- fM,l tiff "a vnn nlease the unbiased candor professed in the opening of this article? N! hvrry word is prompted Dy love and sincerity! But it makes my heart ache to see the blind devotedness ot my sisters to so "unworthy an; idol! 1 am grieved as I think upon the errors that lead so many women astray. I feel a desire, with an inten- .All eity which 1 cannot luiiy express, to point out - to show clearly to theirjninds a better-pat- h, and hearts thatahere is a better, a ongnter a path wherein are and a nobler germs ot much more happiness and greatness .i nrnnnsif.inn'-whicth'pv will not- believe. r"i And I. feel like a "lone watcher on the tower, whose feeble voice cannot be heard by the idumberinir multitude. Oh, that God would grant us power to so live as to merit a higher denting on earth, and -- soecure a corresponding destinv in heaven! Who can say that our intellectual acquirements are equal' to man's? And will wo not he correspondingly inferior in the hereafter,un-le- s we make a courageous attack upon our present system and overcome folly and ignorance with wisdom and intelligence? And what woman with one 6park of nobleness or ambition in her heart would be content to contemplate eternal inferiority to her sex! Where lies this trouble?There has been a cry for equal opportunities and equal rights. Those who have rights have also dudes, and "there's the rub!" I claim that the trouble lies with, the women : themselves. their aims are no higher than just where they stand. How many a good, intelligent, patient woman who has devoted her highest efforts to emancipate her sex from political and mental slavery has had her courage dampened and her hands tied by the indifference, inappreciation and incapacity of them for, whose good she was earnestly working! I claim that Fashion is to blame! Of course, neatness, cleanliness, purity, inward as well as outward, are a positive duty. Even a culture of the ideal beauties of life are not only proper, but necessary the; highest art and beauty may be studied to advantage but not that which emulates pride ami deforms and injures us and makes us haughty and takes so much of our time that our minds' become dwarfed and narrow, and u n progressive; not that false beauty that renders our hearts selfish and unfruitful in the higher aims of life and indifferen t to the accomplishment of good and the best ends for which mir beings were intended! This rage for fashion is and has Wn for many years a life pursuit, a constant culture, a positive worship, on whose shrine has been sacrificed many a noble life. A wafted from the atheist shores France worship to those of America and welcomed with joy and adoration by our own sisters, whose aims should have risen to higher realms .with the revelations of bod that the bride of Christ fnrmitv nf-'th- 1 . ""T 1 -- life-pat- h CT t To-day -- . to-day- ,' ? A . A. iuT. Ruby Lamont. Utah, June 27; 1887. As might be expected from the similarity in race jjenmarit-ia-iuc-u- iu wuhh; where the example;. set by England ana owe-de- n in extending locaHranchises to women is as likely to be imitated. Mr. Frederick Bajer, our reaaers are tureau avmc, umugut, ward in the Danish Folkething a proposal that women should have tne municipal -- ' - worsmp a (satisfied uv.w - . doubt that this will be the case; The Woman's Union has already neiu aiu uuiu.ug this question,, and ings for the discussion of there seems a very healthy state of activity m their organisation, which is oonstantly increasing the number of its' members. Engluhwom -an'8 Review. , DENMARK. i --- hali-hearte- Ko ... ui TflE MUNICIPAL FRANCHISE IN i i ' it i wrJll uwu Ha i -i Kir AArn mil nnt v MUU Glen wood, e .... .,' kA IUO tax-naviu- tr franchise iu Copenhagen. , Thi3 was passed by ajortty, but the motion was lost in the upmwciuio per xiouse, anti iurmer aunuu iuuol friends of The hp. no.stnoned till next Session. tka movement in Denmark are now deliberat ing what form the motion shall nssume. CoDen- franchise in TU lw nf v tniinirinfll J. Ai I hagen is very restricted, no man'voting who on 1.000 kronors. or income-taJnpa VVU nnt U wx't mv g J 55.' "and the proposal" to extend the right to.. women was part ot a larger measure, in wnicn there were many clauses. One of these was to g extend the vote to men who are citizens of only 800 kronors value, who aie at present excluded. This proposal was so demo cratic as immediately to win the hearts of the majority of the Folkething. Auother clause was t.n mhkfi the methods of voting easier. On the 16th of March it became known that the Minister of the Interior was well; disposed to thfl admission of women to the franchise. Dro- vided it was restricted, as the Icelandic Act of 1882 had "been, to unmarried and widowed women in an independent position in their own households. On the 21st March the Folke-thin- g passed the municipal vote for women by 51 supporters against 15 opponents- Then, however, it was discovered that the Minister, although he did not object to the part of the Bill which had reference to women, did not approve of the whole; and "moreover," he added, "it was in his opinion disadvantageous to make a local law applying only to Copenhagen, but it would be wiser to make it law applicable to the whole of Denmark," giving in support of his views the example that had been set in Iceland, where the same question had been first raised locally (in the little town of Akueyri) with want of success, but had afterwards been carried when applied to the whole island. When the Bill came forward in the Lands-thin- g on March 29th, it was opposed by Professor Matzen, who urged the House not'to mix up the general question of municipal rights with that of women's suffrage, which was no part of it, but whiph might be dealt with in some general reform. His advice was taken, and the women s municipal franchise was outvoted by 38 votes against 14. Had" the votes of the two Houses been taken together, an examination of the numbers shows that the Bill would have triumphed. There was no time to take the question bark tn th FnllrofMn,, r O' . 1 .1 i.uc cession was ciosea on April 1st. The point for discussion now is. whethpr tha measure shall be introduced next Session in the same shape, or be extended so as to include all the widowed or unmarried women in Denmark who have hitherto been shut out by sex alone from voting, but possess other every qualification. If confined as before to Copenhagen, only a very small number of women would be enfranchised, as those who pay taxes on an irr comeoM.OOO kronors (55), who alone would be included, are only 3,800. On the other if the scheme is to embrace the whole of hand, Denmark, it must, to be successful, be actively supported by women themselves. We cannot -- X VJ x ANNIVERSARY MEETING. -- The Twenty-firs- Ward Y. L.H. I. A. held, t a very successful anniversary meeting May 25tb, President-HattieIngiiiore-presidin- gTlie- ... m ich' consisted of songs, recitations, an essay, and an historical sketph on the life of Sister Eliza R- - Snow Smith, was most - L creditably rendered, ball, Elmina S. Taylor Bathsheba Smith and Dr. Ellen B. Ferguson being present. The remainder of the evening was spent in listning to the words of counsel and instruction jwhich Sisters-Presend- ia Kim- - . their lips. , Bishop Allen expressed his pleasure with all fell from he had seen and heard, and closed by asking the blessing of God to rest upon all present. Meeting adjourned lor one year M. E. Sciiull, Secretay. rate-payin- . - BARGAIN IN MUSIC. This Favorite Album of Songs and Ballads, pieces of choice and popu- containing tbirty-twlar music, full sheet music size, with complete words and music and piano accompaniment is " finely printed upon heavy paper, with a very a The following are the titles of the songs ard ballads contained in the Favorite Album: As I'd Nothing Else to Do; The Deir Old Songs of Home; Mother, Watch the Little feet; Oh, You Pretty Blue-eye- d Witch; Blue Eyes; Katy's Letter; The Passing Bell; I Saw Esau KissiDg Kate; Won't You . Tell Me Why, Robin; The Old Garden Gate; Down below the Waving Lindens; Faded Leave8;All Among the Summer Roses; Touch the Harp Gently, my Pretty Louise; I Really Don't .Think I Shall Marry; Dreaming of Home; The old Cottage Clock: A.cross the Sea; A Year Ago; Bachelor's Hall; Ruth and I; Good Night; One Happy Year Ago; Jennie in the Orchard; The Old Barn Gate; Jack's Farewell; Polly; Whisper in the Twilight. This is a very fine collection of real vocal gems, and gotten up in very handsome style. Published in the usual way and bought at a music store, these 32 pieces would cost you $11.20. We bought a job lot of this'music at a great sacri-ficand as the holidays are past, we desire to close out our stock at once. Will send you the entire collection, well wrapped and postpaid, for only 40 cts. Send immediately. Address, The Empire News Co Syracuse, N. Y. attractive cover e, The Queen of Holland, presented a remarkable gift to the King on his seventieth birthday. The ladies in waiting carried in an immense bouquet, which they placed before His Majesty. The King was greatly surprised when suddenly the top of the bouquet opened, and the head of his infant daughter peeped out ot the flowers. . ' Miss' Lucy Lar com seldom makes plana for anything; when she says to herself that she will write something, she is pretty sure not to do it; and she seldom knows where she is going till she starts. Her usual summer resorts are Centre Harbor and (in August and September) the higher White Mountain regions. She is not now engaged upon any connected work, but will probably write some verses or sketches or both before the summer is over. -- 