' r WOMAN' RETRIBUTION. -- PONENT. J)on't wait, the end is approaching. 'He years will soon'be told- The olden homes,- of peace and pride, . Aip left without protection now, And grief is felt on every side, While sorrow clouds the mother's brow; The precious one she loved so welT Is banished from her fond embrace, And weeping children often tell How much they miss a father's face. . - The silver cord will be loosened, Broken the golden bowl. ' - . : Strike with a dumb, despair, While you strain, your eyes with weeping ' Over the lifeless clay, ' In vain for one, word of greeting From lips, now closed for aye.' . " - One meek Apostle of the Lamb, In bondage with the murderer cast, Will soon surmount the tyrant's sham, And gaze withpleasure on the past. r Upon hi head" there shall be set A crown ofglory, bright and fair, For Christ will mark His jewels yet, And.with His hand shall place them "there is the free born will, How God-lik- e Which purest liberty cfoth show And shackles forged by human skill Can never. bind or bring it low. The noble souls, so tried and true, Eternal liberty shall own, And with the firm and faithful lew, JJShallkneel before the Father's throne. ' --- - Our lovely, peaceful mountain home, Is blighted by the despot's sway, While fiends incarnate, fearless roam, To make her noble sons their prey; sickly babe's or mother's tear Falls heedless on their hardened hearts; . They know no pity, love nor fear rheirs yet shall bea bitter part: A day ofretribution yet Upon their hardened hearts will fall; For them a judgment will be set, And soon upon the rocks they'll call To hide them from the face of Hinr Who comes in glory, power and might, To smite the wicked in their sin, And put His enemies to flight. A HUMBLE TESTIMONY. It seems dhe time; has fully come" when thedaughters of Zion are called upon to raie their voices and declare unto the nation and the world the testimonies which God has given them of His work in these last days. J believe that a sense of duty, prompted by the Holy Spirit, is resting upon many 'of our faithful sisters, to not only speak in their meetings, and bear testimony to the truth-o- f the Gospel, but to write and send it abroad in the world, that till mankind may fully understand that they with their husbands in bringing are uhit-.the about glorious plan of salvation. in the Exponent the humble When testimonies Of my dear, sisters, I know what they say is true, for the same spirit has revealed the same to me. 1 claim no rtriiise or honor for having submitted to the law of celestial or pluralinarnage. .1 could not do otherwise, for the simple reason that, through faith in God,, and prayer, I received a testimony that it was true; and this was the testimony: "Thatjt will exalt the human family to a joy and glory that they cannot attain to in any other way' r Soon after receiving. this testimony I was shown in plainness that I was called upon to . .. i.'.-.1 J i oruer. 1t miormeu myj uusuauu enter into mat 'of this fact; he said he had no ideawho it would be that he would ask to come into our family; he was afraid of hurting my "feelings, and wa3 also fearful that he could not do right. He was afraid of his own weakness. One month had not passed since this time until we found ourselves living in this order of marriage with a young woman that neither of us had seen since "she was about seven years of Surprised as I Was, I can truly testify age. thfvfc Iad - . JEANETTE PATON. 1 . . DON'T WAIT. L. M. HEWLING3. Dori't Wait until I'm gone, dearest, Before you tribute pay, Till the spirit has departed, And left but lifeless'clay; Do not wait till all is over, And then, with mournful lay, In a voiceof trembling sorrow, Regret the long delay. . - Do not tarry, but remember That time is on the wing; "That long since it brought me over The budding days of Spring, Through blossoming of Summer, With Autumn's fruit and sheayes Where the naked branches quiver, And sigh o'er withered leaves. - Where the heavy frosts of Winter Turn the green and gpld to gray, And crown the heads once radiant With wreathes of silver spray, Scattering snowflakes thickly Round temples that were fair, And broad furrows deeply planting, On fleshly tablets rare. . " O'er stateliest form recrossing, Till it must bend and bow, Weaving lines of finest tracing P'er once fair cheek' and brow. Ah! vainly we pause to question, Ask swifter Speed, or stay, Time will ne'er heed love's entreating To hasten or delay. Silently bearing us onward, Nearing the bound 'ry line A world is too poor to' purchase E'en one moment of time. member of the family; do not allow your daughters to speak reproachfully, af the sister-wiveand God will bless you, and His Spirit will be with you always, which will cause your burden to seein light unto you, for God has t said that lie" would have a tried people; for 7 how.will he know that they love Him above all other, things? We should, acknowledge His hand in our trials as well as in our joys. --We niust learn to overcome all things that try us here; if wo do not, we will have them to overcome when we find ourselves in another .sphere. I was once sorely tried, and I said to myself, "I feel as though I could not go one step further Somein thiworldrU4!-lHJon'l:care-if-I4i- 4 thing instantly whispered, "If you cannot overcome in this world, how do you expect to in the next?" which caused me to stop and think that I had better learn more patience and try again. But how merciful is our Heavenly father; if we could only be so merciful to each other, and always be willing to forgive we must learn to forgive even our worst enemies, to say nothing about those with whom. we expect to spend all the endless days of eternity. The Lord has said, "Vengeance is mine, and I will repay." lWV should leave all things in His hands; even all our troubles, if we go to Him in the hour of need, He is able will to make us strong, and if we desire give us wisdom, that we will be euabled by oux own, actions to escape much trouble. Sisters, above al thi ngs, trust in God; have faith, and cultivate and exercise patience, and we will overcome, which is the desire of, Your sister in the truth, s, ' Don't wait till the lightning message ' ""- Speeds through the startled air, To wing forth the cry of anguish, . 131 was the happiest announcement that ever came to ray ears. Yet it ..was not I that it could poor, weak, frail human being that sure --happiness u pon such an occasion; bu t that same anirit which had given me the testimony also gave me. joy and happiness; which the. 1 uuhk. world knows not of. lejswm) no! but, on the. contrary, husband? l ean say, I loved him more,for I felt that he had a true heart, that he was willing to obey God's laws, and I 'said, "By "the help of my Heavenly Father I will help you to live according to the law of God." The woman he marriedno one Latter-rl- v can say aught against her; she is a true Saint., and manv times have I felt to thank my Heavenly Father for such a worthy, good "woman, ana l nave ineu w ma, ua and hope that I may always be found worthy of the Spirit of of the constant companionship God, for I know that He lives, and that His hand has been over me from my earliest recolwho lections, and that He will help all those r..if tliPi'r trust in Him. and I feel to say to all those who arejiving in this holy order of marfor you riage, "Lift up your heads and rejoice, in areserving a good Master, who will repay and will rejoice His own due time, and you sufifclent for be will you, and your happiness exceed all you ever anticipated." Let women, who belong to the same family, husbands; pray for one another; sustain youreach senior teach your children to respect ua un, . -- it,-H- e 1 Then a. Jan. .18, 1887. NOTES AND REWS. Miss Anthony has become the sole proprie- - tor of "The History of Woman Suffrage." Henry B. Stanton, the husband of Elizabeth Cady Stanton, died this week at an advanced age, - V"X ' f Miss Rose Elizabeth Cleveland has written a , s, which is called narrative poem of "The Dilemma of the Nineteenth Century," and treats on the woman question. , 400-line- Dress reform is taken up with much earnest n ess by the Scandinavian progressive women. In Christiana, it is alre ady taken up in practice by independent individuals. Eye witnesses have declared that the Norwegian reformed dress lias the great advantage of escaping the spirit of mockery, because its character is of the greatest simplicity. Jn StockAssociation, and it has holm is a offered a premium for hygienic boots and shoes for women. Lectures about women's dress, ths need of reform, and how to reform, are frequently given by intelligent women and by humanitarian men physicians in the Scandinavian countries. Ex. Dress-Refor- . m . Anew Portia, who defended, however, not her lover's friend, but her own father, has ap- peared at Montpelier, France. A farmer living near that town had been tried and condemned for breach of trust. He took an appeal, which was granted, and on the day apfor his hearing ho walked into court pointed r 1. i. accompanied by his oaugnter, a tan, nd intelligent 'young woman, about .... twentysix years old To. the surprise of the her father's judges, the young woman opened the defence case in a masterly manner, argued with the skill of a practical lawyer, and finally of acquittal. gained for her client a verdict She then walked triumphantly out of the court, hanging on Jier father's arm. Ex. ... 1 .113 gooa-lookin- g, 