WOMAN'S 40 EXPONENT. R.K. THOMAS Nine bodies of an ancient tribe of men have been discovered' in a cave in Caton, New ' York. D, K. Greene. of V GG, Moorsido Lane, ... A church organ constructed entirely B win ton, near MancbesterrEDgland,; paper 'u on exhibition at Milan. It was the : invention of a priest. ; July 1st, 1887. The Queen of Roumania honored Queen Great trouble awaits the people here if it Victoria's Jubilee by translating Victoria's in xloes not rain boou. Several mills have already journal into Roumanian, and publishing it S AIT LAKE CITY. edition. , a will others and work of cheap for want water, stopped have to ero long. Everything and everybody Princess Victoria, wife of the German Crown ' licro are watered bv reservoirs. Prince, presented the commencement prizes at All I eee and learn convinces mo more and the Norwood School for the Blind, in London, The more, that the Lord will cut short His work in 8. July righteousness, and I want to help Him all I " can. I tried my lungs in the open .a if at a Queen Victoria ha3 taken to carrying a place called Moses' Gate. We are going to walking stick, not for vanity, but because she hold an out door meeting thi3 evening at Eccles, needs its support. It is not like the pretty from here. about three miles jeweled affair which Eugenie used to manage AFectionate regards to all who know and so gracefully in her days of pride, but a plain, care for me. stick "meant for use. black; crutch-heade- d brother, as ever, , Mrs. Hannah Stone, the oldest resident of Daniel K. Greene. Worcester, Mass., who? died recently, wasjborn at Dorchester, August 31, 1787. She married ; ANOTHER A RT CRAZE. Samuel Stone in 1805, and lived at Eden, Sc CO., for the next fifteen years.- - She was left a Vt., Is The latest art work among ladies widow in 1820, with six small children. Her TINNERS, CAS, WATER & STEAM FITTERS known as the "French Graze'1 for decorating fifth the to are descendants, generation, living china, glassware, etc. It v something entirely in Vermont. A?ent,for RUM3EVS celebrated LIFTand FORCE tieu"and isT)6th profitable and fascinating. It PUMPc Pumps Repaired oa sbort notice. Orders from is very popular in New York, Boston and other A man in LaFayette, Ind., was recently the country promptly responded to. Bax 353. CUT LAX I CIT7. Eastern cities. To Jadies desiring to learn the granted a divorce from his wife on the ground MTAdlrisi. BA7ID will send an elegant china placque (18 Art, we that the was an inveterate smoker and user tofor a model, inches,) handsomely decorated, of tobacco. The Woman's Standard thinks ESTABLISHED OCTOBER, 1868. debox with of a colored 100 material, gether that "if the' wives of all men who are addicted And send it abroad unto all tongues and nations, That mortals mij;ht learn of God's holy ways. 1 - EAGLE': EMPORIUM 7' ' ". Leading Retail Cash House THOMAS --Yo- ur TAME3 ZD-ASTI- O -- -- signs assorted in flowers, animals, soldiers, landscapes, etc., complete, with full instructions, upon receipt of only $1.00. The placque alone i3 worth more than the amount charged. lo every lady ordering tui3 outtit who encloses the address of five other ladies interested in Art matters, to whom we can mail our new catalogue uf Art Goods we will enclose extra and without charge, a beautiful 30 inch, goliK tinted placque. Address, The Empire News Co., Syracuse, N. Y. LAND. Miss Rose Elizabeth Cleveland has recently become associated with the historian, Mrs. Martha J. Lamb, in the editorial work of the Magazine oj American ilmoryr - "Miss Cleveland has a fondness and aptitude for this stylo of writing, and will, without doubt, enter upon her work in this specific field of literature with that freshness, and zeal that has a peculiar charm, and the earnestness and determination that ensures success. She feels deeply whatever she writes.and that alwayshelps inosewno reau, tne spirit in which one writes, tells forcibly in the subject matter rehearsed or discussed, and iu history the manner of telling equally with the facts, impresses the reader. We sincerely congratulate Miss Cleveland, and feel sure that the work she has undertaken is in good hands, and will be well done. Miss Cleveland's name in the Magazine work will be associated with that of some of the most JearncdmenandigreatesUavritcrsf American Literature of tho age, men whose uauivj uavc uciu lur iuuiT years iamuiar to the . iiuunc. his giamyiug io kuow mat there are n-lt- li Ka nliilUir BARGAIN IN MUSIC. This Favorite Album of Songs and Ballads, pieces of choice and popucontaining thirty-twlar music, full sheet music size, with complete words and music and piano accompaniment is finely printed upon heavy paper, with a very .. A i T take such work, and they deserve the praise and the esteem of their conteniparary country-women- . Ed. ' . - cover the titles- Ihe ollowing-are of the songs and ballads contained in the Favorite Album: As I'd Nothing Else to Do; .The Dear Old Songs of Home; Mother, Watch the Little feet; Oh, You Pretty Blue-eyeLetter; The Passing Witch; Blue Eyes; Saw Eau Kissing Kate; Won't You Bell; I Tell Me Why, Robin; The Old Garden Gate; Down below the AVaving- - Lindens; Faded Leaves; All Among the Summer Roses; Touch the Harp Gently,' my Pretty Louise; I Really Oberlin College h.dd its mencement this yea. fiftv-fourt- h IMPORTERS AND JOBBERS OF ry Goods, Notions, Groceries -i- HEAVY AND SHELF HARDWARE, GLASS AND QUEENSWARE, ' Kats ELEGANT CUT GLASS, AGRICULTURAL TOOLS AND IMPLEMENTS, ' AND CLOTHING, rURE DRUGS AND CHEMICALS, -- (CLOTH Don't Think 1 Shall Marry; Dreaming of Home; The old Cottage Clock; Across the Sea; A Year Ago; Bachelor's Hall; Ruth and 1; CARPETS AND WALL PAPERS, ALL Good Night; One Happy Year Ago; Jennie in GRADES AND NEWEST DESIGNS. the Orchard; The Old Barn Gate; Jack's Farewell; Polly; Whisper in the Twilight. This is SST We carry a. hrgsr and more complete averyikie collection of real vocal gems, and gotten up in very handsome style. Published Stock than any bouse In the weat. iu the usual way and bought a"t a music store, these 32 pieces would cost you "811.20. We H. ELDREDCE. a lot of this music at a great. sacrifbought Job ice, and as the holidays are past, we desire to closauUur stock-- a once:--Wil- l send vou the entire collection, well wrapped and postpaid,-fo- r 8. Supt. Special to the Ladies. only 40 cts. Send immediately. ' Address, TheEmpire News -Co- .,-Syracuse,- AT TP.A RFIRT q Will be found the latest and styles in Dr. Romania B. Pratt, and Residence at the Deseret Hospital, Seventeeath Ward, Salt Lake City. Com- JJ JLQ SALT- - LAKE CITY, Utah. d Office NOTES "AND NEWS. Co o -- attractive X.nKKAliYVUKK-OF-MISS-CLEV- E- XTTATYIOn to its use should seek to be released from matrimonial bonds on that account, the courts would be in permanent session, and lawyers would become immensely wealthy." The Warm Springs car passes the Hospital, which 7 vy icicpnone rso. 269. .uisu ' piodnctlons RUCHES, EMBRODERIE3, FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES, IMAGES, And an elegant assortmenf of IDIRIT O-OOD- S; Special department for Ladies' Misses' and Shoes. 112, 114, 116, 118 Eatt Tempi 8tr in-ant- - 's 