WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 148 Ytt C -- - A H M'v: P Y l EMMEL1NE B. WELLS, "Published . in His own and their valor,but prove their integrity ...  ' . . due time He will make bare His arm in their de- - ... Lake City. Utah. March i, Lake City, ffrKP. v. ' ' ; . i . L .. .1 uanuj 4u uicjc tic umuy uiuiuauons, mat wise men. should discern. 1 The . Edmunds-: . 1 at this writine. ticker liilj, . . . . . . . . lies Harmless upon the . still .resident's table, awaitin his signature. There is mnch querying and argu ing 'over the matter of his signature,but the "Mormons" are making no great demonstrations for or against this cruel bill; they trust in the same God that delivered Daniel fromthe lions, and know He is as able now to work a miracle in behalf of His people as He was then. Should the Edmunds-Tucke- r a law, and be en forced in this Territory, bringing the people who settled this desert into greater bondage than they are already suffering, it will ignominiously fail of accomplishing what the fifty millions of people have been asking for, because God is at the helm, and it is His;work they are fighting, and casting men into prison and depriving them of votes or of office, does not, and cannot destroy, an eternal Saints know principle, such as the Latter-dacelestial marriage to be. There is so much transpiring every day of pub- lie interest that it is next to- impossible .to record even an item of each occurrence unless one makes daily mention as events pass in hurried, succes sion. Within the last two weeks there have been almost daily dreadful railroad casualiti.es with great loss of human life and the destruction of much valuable property, murders and most accidents have been happening here and fdgh-tlfuthere causing great sorrow and much fear, and the recent tremendous earthquake in Southern Europe with its fearful afxl tragical consequences com pletes one of the' most unparalleled chapters of horjo'rs possible" to conceive of. The loss of, human life and property and the hopelessness of many who have' had;to suffer homeless;, destitute and, as it were, without succor, has called out- of the humane many noble endeavors on EDITORIAL NOTES, and for to and philanthropic aid, assist, provide from the. victims of this save The officers of the Primary Associations of this of convulsion nature. and heartrending appalling Stake will hold a meeting next Saturday Match We realize to some extent the fulfillment of pre 5th, at the residence of Mrs. Ellen C. Clawson, dictions by our modern prophets and leaders in First Street, at one p.m. A full attendance these sickening details of horrors. Some of our desirable. The semi annual reports from all the leaders who have now past off this stage of action Primaries in the Stake are wanted by that time. have told .the Lutter-daSaints, they would yet Send them to the Stake Secretary, Miss Bessie erow sick to read the horrors daily recorded in the Dean, No. 77," Peach Street, 19th Ward, that a renublications of the times and turn from them be- port maybe prepared for the coming conference. Those who cause they were too The conference of the Relief Society of this look over the columns of the daily dispatches now Stake will be held in the 14th Ward Assembly know this is fast coming to "pass. And things Rooms on Thursday March 17, 18S7, commencing seem to grow worse instead of better, There are at ro a.m. and 2 p.m. A. punctual attendance ot serious indications, of trouble among gjeat rfations, .and labor and social; organized bodies arelasjjrjf representative officers is earnestly desired and all those interested in this benevolent work are' cor. creasing in power and strength. c dially invited to be present. From these strongly organized forces there is much to be feared, because of their hatredof siP On Friday, March 18, the Y. L. M. I. A. oflhis influence," .rank :' wealth and Stake will hold its conference and the meetings periority of social distinction and their utter abhorence of conwill commence at the same hours, viz., 10 a.m. and would-bdistrol. These levelers of rank and 2 p.m. It is time lor written semi annual reports, tributors of the wealth of nations:and of peoples, yet it is quite as important that .presidents and in mad their would nothiiu; others should attend as though they were expected stop at not there were and strong course, to make verbal reports. IMs encouraging to see well as - cautious resistance brave as a full .attendance:--analways adds interest to the ' made to the "innovations oLsuch radicals who Ail interested i the improvement and meetings have no idea of consistency or justice, and large 'advancemerit'of the young people should make a fortunes and hard earned means would be thus point of attending these conferences and encour scattered to the fonr Winds, regardless of human age those who labor so efficiently in these organi . zations.' suffering, and who would be benefitted? Not the Such a poor, save in. rare instances, temporarily The Conference of the Primary Associations ot state of things means confusion, generally, and this Stake will be held in the Assembly Hall on the breaking down of the barriers that encompass of Saturday March 19, and the several Presidents about those who are the makers and founders of the respective associations in this Stake it is hoped cities and manufacturies that giveplace and emwill make an effort, to attend and have some reployment and protection to those who would despresentation from each of the associations. These troy all the vital forces that make a nation's conferences ought to be a matter of interest to all strength and power. as well as'-t- the presiding officers. ".It is a beautiBut God is in the tempest, the whirlwind and ful sitht to see so many children brought together the earthquake, and He suffers the elements to acSaints and hear their exercises, and all Latter-daof their work swift complish destruction, for He desire the spiritual interest of the youth of Zion. has said, "And after the testimony of my servants," It is hoped there will be a Targe attendance from etc., "and by the, voice of thunderings, and by the all parts of the country. -voice- Bill-beco- l i 8S7. 1 and Editor. Lnl--e Salt ad oppressed mav suffer "them to be afflicted City, UIhV- Terms: $2.00; one copy six months, 51,00. Ten in Salt semi-monthl- rr 1 U M one copy one yAr, ! copies for the price of nine. lines of nonpareil ten rates: Each square, Advertising A liberal discount S3.00. one $2.50; time, per month, space, to regular advertisers Exponent office, No. 25 E South Temple Street, second 10 gate east of Deseret News Office, , Business Jiours from- n.m to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. "." Address all business communications to WOMAN'S EXPONENT, PUBLISHER Salt . ... t i i. 'ii lie will not torsade nts cnosen peopie, inoug.n " pv me . -- COMMENTS. -- it-i- s : memorable times in the history of Saints, Important Utah, and of the --Latter-day questions are about being decided by,this nation lhat will have their jeffe.ct upon the country and the people at large, as well as the direct bearing they have upon the interests of a few whose belief and Draetices have iven rise" to such na momentous issues. A few years hence-thtotion will have cause regret. that such bitter prejudices so far influenced the rulers of this These-ar- e . -- -- pe-ruli- ar e w." some of the most essential . V v .v. v. M - - barriers in the bulwark i a this glorious heritage bequeathed by the forefathers of their country, Making a test oath to be administered to. every man and treating him as though he were a criminal is indeed an outrage. Heretofore one was supposed to be innocent until he was proven guilty, but now the case is reversed and men in .Utah must take certain oaths made and defined for them or they must be excluded from the right of citizenship. Women who have voted lor seventeen years are deprived altogether without any consideration ornghtof appeal, but.as sure as" this law goes into effect, so sure have the lawmakers struck another blow, that will sap the foundations of the tree of liberty and human rights, for although the nation has not as yet recognized the rights of women to participate in its governmental affairs (save through their husbands, fathers, brothers and sons) yet the day is not far distant when they will be glad to call them fo their aid to save the Constitution that they are now wounding in its vital parts. It does not matter, some think, what indignities are heaped upon the "Mormons" .they deserve it all, and harsh measures must be used to bring them into lme and make them respect the laws made specially for thir 'condemnation. Is it not r .1 i il i . .1 senir cv lucnirinai oneortne mcy iiau fundamental laws of the land when a law had to be made expresslv to Dunishlhemi ih nfnrrpmfnt nf that "1 what then? And how does that harmonize with the principles of justice and equity ? Has punishing people for their religion ever accomplished the object sought to be attained? History records no such fact. Neither will-th- e history now being made in this country. The purposes of the Almighty will'tiot be thwarted, though all the governments combine against Him. He holds the destinies of both men and nations in His hand and : . 1 1 1 "nor-oroK- en 1 And-whe- ; -t- utter-wretchednes- he-part -- s , - of freedom and religious liberty and establish so liM?rMio an f i KnrKiT nnrlormitlinnr ill A rvtx r whole foundation on which rests the strength and durabilty of a free and grand government that has been the pride and boast of the patriots of Amer-ca, for "lo these many years." 7 t i une wne loves nis country cannot.1neip over the narrowness of soul exhibited by men who sit in high places and look down with scorn .and treat as minions those who were born free and 1 y n y 4 . soul-sickenin- g. -- ". . e . t d . . . y quakes, arid great. hail storms, arid by the voice of minesand-pestilences-allthese-4hings-have-been foretold. These idgments are not acknowl edged to be a part of "the great programme of the Almighty, save by the Latter-daSaints, neither do the people understand that the nations are, as it were, tottering on the brink of a social precipice, that may at almost. any moment give way from some spasmodic cause and overwhelm those wto fancy themselves in perfect securityand under the protection of the greatest and grandest of human governments. That "such an issue is at SISTERW.TAYLOR... -- y Sister Sophia Whitaker Taylor, Wife of President John Taylor, expired at her residence in the Fourteenth Ward, on Sunday; Feb. 27, 1887. The deceased was born at Blakedown,Trear Kidderminster, Worcestershire, England,April 2ist,i825, her and was consequently nearing the close of 62nd year. At the time the late President Young, other members of thePresidnt Taylor-an- d in the misQuorum of the Twelve Apostles were -- - ! 