II WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Yes, let us not De atraid tto do so. nor speaktne principle; tne lord has given it for against the good of the human family. We are coworkers with our brethren in the kingdom 'of - 127 M we 8hou d not mourn for them, for, Blessed are the dead that die in the Lord.' bister King has gone triumphant and. victorious and has left behind her a record' tangible and labors." After many interestherjife :pf Emilia D. Mad.sen felt thankful to be ing remarks, the meeting was given into the counted one with pie Latter-daSaints. "What .hands of the listers. such a heavenly, a beautiful spirit is here .Sister Harriet Woodbury spoke in the gift shells-ou- r bosoms warm feeling and fills the of tongues; and the interpretation was given atmosphere.' When 'we look at these Bisters by Sister Zina. who have testified bo strongly to the truth and Sister Sinah Bishop, J)oro testimony that the beauty. of celestial marriage, how can we. help; interpretation given had been dictated by the but believe them? They are growing old, Spirit and made many excellent Lord, but there is a light in theic-ey- es, and a remarks. Bound in their .voices, when tbey Sister Dyer spoke a few words in speak as tongues, we that have are done, and "the interpretation was given by Sister they compelled to look " ,J o up to them with reverence and respect." Bishop. " Bro. George' Cook said, "I have felt the ' Sisters Emily Stevenson, Grix and Morten- in midst. We are called upon son bore laithtul tpatimonipa"Ritora- U,.on your good spirit ourselves to keep unspotted from the world." Watmough and Brown each spoitc. bearing Bro. Daniel .Zundle: "There is a Vrood spirit Sistestimony and exhorting to faithfulness. We here. labor do to ter Marv Silver made a "few rnmnrlrj may present nKmn our, trying v mui uu'; u I Sister King, and recited one of her poems. very best, but when we lay down these bodies, v uu wtt..wvtt,--noisier u. u. lticnards, alter a lew timely reijm icunze mai'H is but very little we have done to. inherit the marks,' asked. that the sisters would unite their &falth and oflfer up a prayer for our afflicted sis- great blessings that are before us." Wixom "I Bro.said, .have, heard instructions here; God is with you. If- - the Richards to be mouth in prayer, and the sisters world could realrze the prospects that are be--- all joined in the amen. fore this people, they would rush in here by Sister Zina-thespoke a few 'words, and the tnousanas, Dy minions. I Deiieve we cannot meeting was adjourned for two weeks. Closed feel exactly the same as a woman. She is the with singing Doxology. and benediction was with man in this great pronounced by Sister M. Snow. helpmate and worK. ine man is not witnout the woraan4 nor the woman without the man." LEAVES FROM MY JOURNAL. Sister Minnie J. Snow: "This is .a time of trying scenes, when we look back and realize M. J. TANNER. what has transpired within the last three years. I feel an interest in the progress of this work. I am led to believe that more trying times are Dear Exponent: to come yet." 10:50. The country grows pleasanter. Fields Sister Hardy: "These older sisters who have are green, and land is being, plowed; trees are addressed us are faded; their faces are wrinkled, oeginning 10 leai out, and low mountains or but there is something beautiful about them; hills form a background. The sun shines for the first time since I left home. Thinsrs are they are worthy examples, and we ought to follow them. The testimony of the older sis not as forward as in Utah, and I miss the irriters who have lived in plural marriage seems 2 gation ditches. , ; to have more effect upon the young people than Strong City, 11:15. Another wooden town; a sermon from the brethren." wooden houses, wooden fences, and a. general Prest Harriet Snow showed jsome beautiful wooden look. There is considerable timber in de green 'bomemade silk, sold at the same price as this section of the country, but we cannot the imported, and recommended the Relief termine just what kind it is. Emporia, ll:oo. Quite a lanre city; street Society throughout to sustain this home indus(t We have had a and I try. cars, omnibus and hacks, the first I have seen good conference, Houses of frame and Jeel thankful forthe interest manifested. We since leavinghome. need temporal food often, so do we also need brick. Depot house of white sandstone. Pleas spiritual. I like to liear the sisters bear their ant streets and fine stores and dwelling houses- testimonies to the principle of plural marriage. Looks, as we pass through, as if it might com I have lived in it for forty years. pare favorably with Salt Lake City, but it does I don't know what our enemies will do with us. not cover so large au area, innaoitanis given We are the daughters of God; let us live, then , at 4.500. It lacks one of the elements that m becomes His daughters. constitutes the beauty of Salt Lake City, and May God bless all our Bisters, in all their efforts, and may we that is. orchards and shade trees. There are meet again in three months. If we are humble some orchards in the suburbs, but not in bloom. we shall receive knowledge and wisdom to There are quite a number of churches which would denote a Christian population. guide us." Singing. Benediction by Father Box. ,i Passing through the country we see. large ' corn fields fromlast year, the stalks still standAnnie Wixom, Sec. pro tem. in?. It looks stranze.to see so much level country. One fancies it must be cloudy, and the mountains will be there when the clouds MEETING. clear away. Another wooden Osage City, 1:15 p.m. SYNOPSIS OF, MINUJE3. town. It looks so strange te see all the houses adobies and very little meeting held Oct. 16th 1886, of. frame, No more is asleep, but 'I rouse her Coun. D. H. Young presiding. After the brick. Mrs. II up to look at the negroes a house full of reading of minutes of previous meeting, them. Black faces of all sizes peering out of minutes of the P. A. of the 21st, 20th and 15th on the wards, and Y. L. A. of the 21st, 2nd, and 3rd the door3 and, windows, and standing norch. wards were read; and Sister Zina then addressed "Twenty minutes for the meeting. Said, "This is the day that the Topeka, 2:45 ; p.m. of Kansas It day the prophets foretold," and thought we dinner. Topeka is the capitol All inhabitants. would have grace to stand if we lived near to is a city of thirty thousand the Lord. Referred tenderly to the decease of is bustle and confusion, but very little of the can be seen from the depot. Sister Hannah tT.King, and said, "Our older, " cityLawrence is a pretty town on the Arkansas sisters are gradually passing away, one by one, God." - - y to-da- y; - of-th- e - . ' Afc- -- n co-labor- er - - - River. Nice houses, with lawns and yards nicely laid out. Wo are passing through a timber country. New clearings are being and farms the are full of stumps. We made, travel for some time through woods. Kan sas Ci ty7 5 p.m . H e re we ehan ge 'en rs. It is a lovely city. The houses, are built on the hillside in terraces, one row above another. The effect is very fine, hut I should not fancy the climbing."- We cannot' see all the city, but, the depot is very large and .filled with cars. Here wo meet Bro. John Morgan, and Bro. Nelson leaves; us to go with him south. They go to Chattenooga; after visiting New Orleans. ' Three of' the1 other brethren go with them. Here we cross the Missouri River. - Muscatine, 7 a.m., Friday, April 17th, 188 . It seems to. be a great lumber emporium and a large city. Here we strike the Mississippi River, the father of waters. We passed a hard night; the cars are not so comfortable as the ones we left, and we got but little sleep. We have our seats, and made ourselves as comfortable, as possible, when the river meets our view. I remembered the days, .when I lived on its banks, and the happy hours I had -spent searching pebble on 'its shore. it was when we crossed it in our exodus from Nauvoo. My heart thrills as I watch it, and I forget that I am weary or hun-- .' . ; . gry. There is a steamboat passing. to flock 7:45. Cross river the Davenport, Island, and soon fose eight of it. Wo pass through Moline, and see the large factory We are in where thlrMolme plmvsareTnade is level and wet. and the country Illinois now, It stormed hard last night, and is cloudy now. Very little land is plowed, and no wheat up yet. The country is covered with water and mud. I think tho country rauat be pleasant Ve pass bills and when the weather is fair. woods, farms and vineyards. .'At Peru we ran over a cow and killed it. We are traveling along the Illinois River, and ncaring Chicago. We go to .the dressing room and wash and comb preparatory to changing cars. Jolliet. Here the States' Prison is situated. It is a fine looking city. We pass a beautiful cemetery, and immense stone quarries and The ground is green, but groves of timber. the trees are bare yet. The' whole country is . covered with rain and. mud. transbeen We have duly Chicago, .3 p.m. ferred from our landing place to another depot, and have, to wait there three hours for the Some of Irain, It is raining hard. go out to sec a little of the city, but the ladies remain inside.-- We have seen nothing as yet, for we entered the .city between two rows of freight cars,, and see nothing but the top3 of stone buildings and masts of boats bristling above.the cars. We enter a covered depot, and are emerged in covered carriages, and see very little but a mass of high stone Sister Harrison and I go into, the walls. restaurant and get a warm djnner. We leave Chicago atv 5:15 on the Chicago and Atlantic. We have a special car. It is still raining, and all we can see Is mud and ... - -- -Th- e-last-Jimelsaw -- . ? . the-breth- ' r . water. To be Continued. SEMI-MONTHL- Y Semi-monthl- y ren PRIMARY PARTY. T The Third Ward, St. George, Dec 2.9th, 1886(?ave an interesting party. Having .an invitation, I attended the happy children s by the President, Sister nartv. (?iven-the- m Marp-areMathie. who had provided everything o for their comfort and amusement. Overeeven- children, boys and eirls, were present. The party was called to.order by the President. Tht-- child choir saner. "Happv Children," ac- cCTnpanied on the organ by. Sister Warren. The cliQir very Prayer by vSister Mathie. Home." at "Love beautifully rendered, t - tv-fiv- e ? 