. t . f ttT t - v x-- - "t ; MT" i of the Wnmn nf Rights c . 15' POEM. resoundl Happy thoughts Bless the day, the happy day! Christ's swoet birth forever may Brighten hearts of chastened hoping Into love and joy, we pray! to-d- ay Ne'er forget we in our joyance Them whom persecution doom Unto suffering for obeyance To their God, 4n a living tomb. us pray Brethren, sisters,-leThat our faithful brethren may ' 4Ji y ' ' . :r-'-Quic- "Thy Father's Drink the cup of brightest gladness, By God's Spirit all this day. glories" soon.'shall shine k around Thee throngs have" gone to rest; for shelter seek in vain; The crowded inn holds not another gu"st, And deafened ears are turned, to cries of pain.- , ''Forjnyriads watch Thee now, mine own belov'd, Their fate eternal upon thee is laid; Then stand thou firm, nor from Thy path be mov'd, A few short hours the sacrifice is madel " - one-errone- ous - . "Thy will be done, not mine! Forgive the weakness, 'My Father! must I die?" the Virgin cries, While tears of anguish mark her fair young cheek; 'None careth. for mine heavy agonies; Oh! giye,.me aid O Father kind and wise, that in my grief Petitioned Thee, in lowly, earnest meekness To send; e'en now, Thine aid for my relief. the humblest roof I seek!" "I go, I go, to meet a doom of suffering, . ; Oh, well I know mine hour hath come to die! Great God', receive in heaven my lonely offering To save mankind, my Father, here am I. "None careth for thee, dear one? O, my love, My Virgin Bride, mine Angel, say not so! For aid I've sought in vain; but, as a dove, Shall Peace soon bless thee; seeking it I go.". "I have not sinned; my heart is pure; the wicked 'Gainst me find no complaint. Alone I tread The O, my Father! by Thy Spirit forth Pour Thy strength upon my suffering head! And faithful Joseph soon returns to say: "No other shelter than a stable's roof Can here be found, this night; content thee, pray, And from this one, dear heart, stand not aloo JShe leans upon his arm, and sweetly tells, In looks, her gratitude for even this; And from her heart' a prayer of pure love swells, As on her feels a husband's kiss." cheek she , . "And am I thus forsaken, 0, my God! " While torment holds that pureed. youmfuLforrxu "And so, "'tis finished! " As that high head bowed, And death released H.im from earth's blasu'ng storm! -- He dies, and we are saved! Ah, who can tell And through the weary, wakeful, lengthened night, Our Savior's mother strives with nature's chain, As only mothers know; that heavy fight For life, and its belov'd reward through The gratitude we owe to that pure life! And pray we e'er that we may serve Him well, And that, untarnished, we may win earth's strife. pain.. : J But all hours pass, the blackest and the bright; And- - those hours passed for her, and morning found A nestling babe, that, born with dawning light, Caused heav'n and earth with brightest praise to sound. For through that Savior glorious things are giv'n, To Wm that overcometh in the strife-P- ure rest eternal in God's highest heaven, And chastest joys amid eternal life! - - Ruby Lamont. And who but mothers know the happy thought Of her, the favored of all women blest? Nay, mothers, even we, who have not brought - The world a Savior, know .not how she pressed -- . Her darling in her arms. Whose innocence was L The gentle one, proof 'gainst all earth's wiles Oh, none can tell how gazed she on that son, As, charmed, she lingered on his baby smiles.;""""; And never mourned her tender heart, for ruth Her little boy did never stray from right; Truth, justice, righteoueness attend His youth, And these, with knowledge, make His manhood bright. . And ever and anon the tempter's, darts Are hurled with vengeance at that head in vain; And well He knows the of human And well griefs hearts, He feels life's keenest, heaviest pain. '' The hour had come; the dreadful, awful time; So great that darkness covers all the earth! Yet who can read the solemn depths sublime, r v That burst from dying Ups of suffering Worth: - WHAT TO DO WITH YOUR EXPONENT. y ' The Exponent is not the voice of its editor and the writers of its columns alone, but it is the voice of every woman who professes to be a Latter-da- y Saint, and if is the duty of every one of these to help send this voice abroad, and there is no sister so poor or so illiterate as to be unable to do her part. We see from the quotation made from ihe missionary's letter that the Exponent can find its way into many homes where our Elders are not admitted. This fact ought to stimulate us to follow the I have given above, and let this paper accomplish all the good that it can. Perhaps I have said enough, at least I hope I have said enough on this subject,that at least tome sister may act upon the advice I have given with regard to the disposition of this valuable paper. 0 so.' wine-pres- s. "For cold the winds do pierce thy gentle form, And thy dear head is bowed lb sickening pain; Ceme, loved one, shelter from the raging storm At least 'twill give and from the threatening rain." very few cents, we can do so much towards enlightening the world as to our real condition, by sending our Exponent abroad,-i- t doe3 not pay to either sell them foi wrapping paper, as many do, nor to destroy them. If we are live Latter-da- y Saints we will be "on the alert for every opportunity to promote the Latter-dawork, and wiliiiot overlook these, what many may call small matters, but which, when looked upon in the right light, are very great ones.. I consider that if we can say or do anything'to idea entertained against-u- s dispel as a people, we have done a great thing. We, the women of Latter-daIsrael, are the suatainers of and the promoters great law ordained of God for the saving of the women of this nation' as well as those of other nation's, and we shouLd not be slow in our endeavors to publish this fact to their ears. The ignorance that prevails among the rwomen injhe east with regard to the women of Utah, and the erroneous ideas they have of, our real condition, is astonishing, and it is our duty to dispel these fai8e ideas as far as it lies in our power to do y Bear up, my Son, for yet a little while; Amid temptations, faithful have I found thee, Be faithful still and win Thy Father's smile !Tis night. Judea's A wandering pair No. 16. our Exponents, they are better than tracts, lany times, when I call upon a familv, and am refused the privilege of bearing my testimony, I say, " Would you like a paper published by the sisters of our ChurcM-Thesay, "Oh, yes; by all means give me one. I did nt know, your "women knew anything of literature. Why I thought your' women "knew nothing but "drudgery, I thought the Mormon women had no voice, were not allowed to speak," etc.; Printed matter is now carried very cheaply through the mails, and when at the cost of so Ascending lone the mount, the SuffreT cries, "If it be possible, my Father great, " Then let this cup pass by!". His heart replies to the prayer, hast not long to wait! t aiianx. - r : JANUARY 10, 1887. Upon their children, heaven s vengeful flood. - ; : - .-tyjmr.i'O Beersheba to Dan unite to call Upon their heads the curse of holy bloods ' Alas! and still they clamor for the fall, " ... t jr. r,..., v iuuiLS tiiujLtu.jiu, iii Alas! for thee, Judea! Can thy ears Still close to moaning cries of pain and grief? Thy hardened heart resisteth still those tears Of God-lik- e manhood, pleading heav'n's relief! -- - v But God-lik- e strength dwells in that holv breast; No wiles succeed, all righteous laws He givesf ' Succeeding ages by His laws are blest, In Him alone a world's salvation lives. s . THAT SAD YET BEAUTIFUL STORY. -- Christmas dawnsagain in gladness, Quick the years of earth roll round; Banished now the thoughts of sadness, - j"ITY, UTAH, , A CHRISTMAS . - 7f 2L' j . ' : ..; ad-vi- ce " - Mc. A WOMAN'S QUESTIONING. Editor Woman's Exponent: we have fallen on very want to know if this is the Don't you think curious times? I land of the free and the home of the brave, or is it only a boast? Is this the land where all are declared to be free to worship God according to the dictates of their consciences? Also, where" no laws should be enacted that should . hinder a man (or a woman I suppose) from1 seeking happiness as best suited them, providing they did not tread on any body else's toes? Sisters, save your Exponent. Do not waste or destroy them." After you have read thenT valuable service by you can put them to much sending them to your friends in the east, or elsewhere, or if you happen to have no relatives or friends with whom you correspond, procure the country that has invited immigrafrom some one of our missionaries abroad the Is this and name of an inquiring friend, and furnish her tion to help develop its vast resources, all men equal before the law, or have I with this beam of Jight irora Utan. i ou nave do had a beautiful dream that these things were so, no ideawhatan amount of good. you can only to awake and find it only a dream, a in this way until you have once tried it. without substance? A missionary brother writes, "Send me all phantom, a shadow, de-clar- ed , . " . 