11 t to'match it, and it is easier to suppress the first desire than all that follow it, and one i.s apt to go beyond her raeaDS if the makWuch a beginning. Make what you hayejook asnice as you can, and don't envy your. .neighbors what they have if it is better than yours. We oiirjht to be able to create a public sentiment in favor of THE COMING OF THE SON OF MAN, A trump, shall sound both long and loud, And all the earth shall quake. Ere Jesus Christ, the Son of God, Shall come arid dwell upon the sod At Zion's centre Stake. - And ere that great and glorious day Great signs are to be given; Jhe sun. shall hide its rays of light, And. day shall be as dark as nighty And stars shall fall from heaven. eco n 0 ra v. ' e cono my p 1 i v i n g - w i t h i n we may enter the ability-i-s e road of assured jBrosperity.' It We are not only amply paid ourselves by saved, not wharfs made, vyhich constitutes national as well as individual wealth. Never be practicing economy, but just see how much ashamed of economy; etudy it. practice it, make better the heads of the family will feel, and how much happier and more contented tuey a duty and a pleasure of it. We are taught are when they see everyone striving to help that it is a sin to waste, therefore let urememherself and to help one another, and if we ber,-- when our 'meals are over, to "save what is Never learn to economize in small things we are sure left, and make sure of it in some-waLU ill lUILTU throw a piece of bread away, as stale bread Ulip. J ITT w. u. makes very nice puddings, and may be "made use of in several ways. Study howyou can use up the scraps and "bits , to make dishes A LEAF FROM MY JOURNAL. nourishing and palatable. A great many have the knack of usingVrk.m up in a very appetizing way. Ofcourse the leavings from dishes, During my stay in India, I was invited one domestic to animals. afternoon in the month kettles, etc., can betgiven by a gentleYou may Hay these are trifles, but one's life is man friend, to visit a convent and witness thea made" up of seconds, and many cents make a imposing ceremony or rather celebration ef dollar. means the body of Christ. Cvr)U3Chriti household with all economical be should We The celebration consisted of a large procession I furniture the f scratched, gets of priests, nuns and a mixed assemblage of belongings. varnish it; if the carpets get soiled, wash and men women and children of the Roman Cathothink when don't and color them, things begin lic persuasion. 71 to look shabby that they must be replaced by Jit was headed by a Bishop of the Catholic new ones, but study how you" can make them Church, and who is in that denomination a look nice and last as long as possible. As far very high, and sacred dignitary Tie was as you can use ornaments,' laces, tidies, rugs, dressed in a rich sacerdotal robe of gold and look make home to and pleasant mats, etc.; try silk; under him, carril by twelve acolytes,, and attractive. In this way it may be nice was a beautiful silken canopy with gold and with very little expense. - There is no truer silver fringe, and before him On a small elaboreconomy than a little good taste. What you ately designed platiorm was the model of a is nice. no and real There neat it have have, beautiful temple of pure gold, of about two comfort in extravagance or display of style or feet in height and must have weighed between life-lonben e- pride, but economy is a virtue of forty anil fifty pounds, for it seemed to be very laborious work for the two priests who in hand and and hand, go economy Industry carried it. Inside this temple was supposed to idleaess creates mischief. Never spend an idle bo the body of Christ. moment, and ycu are not apt to be led into by Numberless native converts were in attend-- , and forbidden paths. Remember, sister, you ance dressed very neatly, swaying large and may some day be a wife and mother, and will make or mar a future household. Every girl handsome fan3 over the bishop and priest; and others with large trays of refreshments as the should be taught the business of housekeeping eather was extremly-ho- tin all its departments (whether "rich or poorT The procession and ceremonies were confined and it can be well acquired only by each one within the grounds of taking an, active part in the household duties." which were beautiful, very extensive and .most tastefully With the united efforts and industry of a whole out. laid the procession was formed, the After family it is sure to become , prosperous and convent bell rang out a chant which was a sign happy; and on thel other hand, if each one is to move. The priests set up a kind of a wail extravagant and.wastefuLancLselfishxicstroy- Latin. Then- - the bishop would take up in within her all thatxomes reach, regarding he refrain, and after proceeding for a short less of time or expend are apt to, sooner or he would stop, and the vast multilater, be brought down to poverty and misery. distance, And suppose the means does hold out, what tude fell upon their knees. Then the priests clustered around the temple and bowed down a bad example to set for those that are growing to it. up and learning the ways of the world. Wes It seemed to me they were offering their should let our light so shine that ofhers can adoration to the precious metal instead of to profit by our example, and always be willing any Deity. This farce lasted about four hours. to impart to others that which we have acquired I felt thankful to ray Heavenly Father that I through study or invention, as we are iu duty was Saint, that privileged to be a Latter-dabound to help others all we can. If you know for the Lord how to do housework or fancy work never ;:I knew better than worship idpls, think you are too busy to teach others, for in has said, "Thou shalt worship no other Cxod. II. F. McCilne. so doing you enable others to economize as well Nephi. as yourself. - What a-- nice scene-- is 4hVhouseholdworkJL The mother assisted by her daughters, all ihings - in - order, in Berlin, Germany, bears the nothing going to wate,lworkjl(me jAjdoor-plat- e well and systematically, a place for everything names 0 f tFree docfTrsTr" One" i3 DrpTi bu rtius,"-- a' and everything in its place, a time for work, staff physician; the second is his wife, the first woman demist in Berlin, aud a graduate a time for books and a time for everything; each one takes an interest -- in the houseof the Philadelphia School of Dentistry; the hold, consequently they love to stay at thiid is the sister of the first; Frausiska Tibur-tiu- s, a graduate of Zurich, aud who, with Miss. home, love one another's society, always happy and contented, and think there is no place like Lemus, has charge of a dispensary for poor home. women. There are twelve women practicing Let no one think household economy mean dentistry in Germany, who were students of " or anything to be ashamed of, neither suppose American colleges. - ' is that which is - S ' Tf of-May pole.--- - The tides shall leap their present bounds; So great is the commotion The hearts of men on earth shall fail, And woe to those whose hoisted sail Is sailing on the ocean, A second angel trump shajl sound, And through the heavens.flying, The angel shall be heard to say, : ' "Tis God Almighty's judgment day" All men shall hear him crying. . t appear Midst heaven's liquid space, And men shall see it with their eyes, While yet it tarries in the skies, Ere Christ shall show His face. g And then the great and glorious day Hath come, the pure in heart " Shall be caught from earth to up greet The Son of Man, whom they shall mee- ts The wicked shall depart. , "ThenXnrisTshaTrdwell To the Millennium's end; To Him who for our sins hath died, Whom men on earth hath crucified, All knees on earth shall bend. Who shall be ready in that day To have their sentence passed. By H im whose ever searching eye Into our secret thoughts can pry? The first may then be last. Be merciful, O God and kind, We are Thy children all; And in that great and glorious day, Our sentence, be it what it may, vengeance lightly fall. the-conven- t, -- 'v. , ! . Oakley, Idaho, April 30, i887. 11 1 y. And in that day God's wrath shall fall, So great His indignation; Strange pestilence shall infest the land, And evil doers shall not stand God's vengeance and vexation. A wondrous sign shall then li y ca r ef our means and saving a little, The moon as crimson blood shall turn, .Woe to the fields of corn; ; 3 hail shall beat and spoil Descending The growing crops upon the soil, ...... And men shall weep find .mourn. And in the earth, deep underneath, Shrill be a rumbling sound, ., As distant thunder heard to roll, ... And earth shall shake frompolela Above and under ground. : needed to practice if. When we can" see how much it embraces, we can nlninlv spo that there" Hanamnle field for exerci-of the most enlightened education. Book learning is also needed; there is every day" occasion for its. use, and the more readily artistic knowledge is applied in domestic affairs, the more readily the work' is done, and th e more pleasure, is given to'the participants tbere- - that no A. A. .7 Tanner. - - HOUSE HOLIECONOMY. Household economy is a subject that every famiiy ought to understand, whethv rich or poor, economy is a great blessing, especially 10 mose wdo are in a measure restricted in the. comforts of life. All people should study to proviue ior memseives according to their means or station in life. Never go in debt for one dollar unless you can see your way clearly through. It is no disgrace to wear poor clothes; better that than good ones not paid for. Never purchase any- thillfT toft Pfisflv tn fnrpooni,nl .tnfK U ' t,... longings, as it will only create a desire for more y . 