WOMAN'S EXPONENT. A PLEASANT ; W&Mli: Editok Expo.s'ent f- w3 l- tlESPn Aongs,ritatiiisete. the assembly to ;teu oeloe , On the 13th December last, 1880, the s ofi the JldiffSodctv-ofUSi.ow- r Arizona," gave a" party in honor of our brh.ved President, Harriet Whipple; before her deMexico with her husband. parture to ea surprise T tothe a''ed It three oftheir sons being uent at. thee'de time' When atidx in the evening the brethren and sisters drove up to the door, they came nut to seethinking irvvas "their :klm, as they were looking for them, but on seeino many vehicles- Bro. Whipple. 'What is thernifeter? U any one sick-- or him?' .when one of the iters' "remarked, ':If V('u think any of this crowd are sick you are off'' Bro. Whipple then, being over eighty years l,i shook diands with mid age, all, the ladies to alight from the wag.ms to'the'porcf -- Still not Comprehending what was up until' all tfere seated in the house, when the assembly was called to order by Bidiop Hans Hansen, and prayer was off-rethen "TroT iVhiople never was so surprised in his life, and he felt lull or true joy and gratitude to think his friends were so kind as to re member them in thnr old age. Said 'he Lewr felt better in bis life, and felt that jh.: Hpirft of "the Lord was here, but was too overjoy d to much". He hoped the 'party bled say would never forget the occasion, as he was so pleased and grateful for their kiudne-- s he never would forget it, and he blessed all that took part in the affair. Bro. David W. Savage then read the following lines composed f r the occasion by Sister. Mary Ann McNeil, she not being able to attend, as she was sick: sds-r- 175 At and without charge, a beautiful 30 inch, goldv ' tinted plaeipje. Addie,, The Kin pi re News t'n.vSvraeuse, be-- an repair to their h .mes, out Bro. Whipple put it to vote . .that they should htay lug-r- , unt il, being even, taey all returned home feeling, vtr well paid lor their trouble m making two hearts happv. :' Mary A N - . , aied d. arose-ami-saia-ft- e a.-se-nj . .;... "" , A TRIBUTE OF RESPECT, Accept dear SisterJlarri What we have planned ' t hlpp! Vtc iiuii t roiuciiibi-- hemHr.m through the we present to thee, in some fa'ure day a comfort be. Not that our nanl s are required of thee rth or et thee free, To vindicate thy May-i- t stani'?, . , but prai-- be?'.Oived From thy great In gratitude for what we all have owed; For counsel, wisdom and intelligence Thy tongue aad faith amongst us did dispense; For this we thank thee, and for this ve claim To tell thy worth and venerate thy name. Not that we've earned what we so much desire, But that, like you, to fame we may aspire; And while we for the present grieve to part, Your name's engraven on each beating heart, And we ask the Lord your journey to bless, That you may never be found in distress, And that you with your aged and nobjsire May live as long as life is a desire; y And we hope 'that in your home, Or where'er you may chance to roan, Your duty to God you will ever do, And the Lord will guide and protect you through. e "selorsrT -- Our V. L. M. I. .A., witii l rfeident, and bisters J?..tii would-enjo- y TTZ ... ..1.1 l.! t. V W s; TMury 1'ttonsor and '1 ; - . yt-r- reor-nudze- - - s. I al-va- ht-i- ; -- r . Y. In Kngland, single 'women and widows have had full municipal sullrageior eighteen years. ! detriment, and with great advantage." In Iowa the avei-airWUL'CS 4iid women school teachers are twenty-seve- n dollars, while e men teachers receive Allen doll-tr-- thirty-tw- franchisemcnt thus costs, each forty-livdollars ..per year. , -- fem.v I e teacher - e R E S 0 L U T IONS O F P's- - - Ji E S P ECT ON T1IK DEATH. OP SISTKl. HAWLKV, Wh( reas, Our Hcdrvenfy I'.ithcr in His infinite wisdom has teen fit to remove from our midst by the hand of death ourbeioved sister, Jennie Hawley, Whereas, Our bister, by4 her kind, synijoathetic nature, and faidifulness lo tiie cause'of truth, ha3 won the hearts of all those who kne'w her wvrtli,' therefore, be it Resolved, That we", the members, of the Me a Relief 'Society, do hereby tender.our lu've an e:,teeni to the mem ory of our departed sijter.'and we realize that .in Jar we have lost a true friend and a faithful in the ever- ; i themselves, as they had. met to She prayed .the Lord to hi ess al l the sisters in their endeavors to do rightSome few remarks were made by several of the brethren present,' then the tables .vere inspread with the good thiDgs of the laud, cluding home brewed beer, with stufftolturkey-anWhile at supper their ous Chicken. came" home from 'St. Johns, making it more The even- fialiifactory for the venerable pair. please her. - d ANOTHER AliT CRAZE. 1 lasting UospfJ. i lut we extend our heartfelt sympathy lo tlie bereaved husband and family of the deceased, and A ej to txprebs an earnest hope that the Holy Comfditer will ira- part to them consolation and cou'fort in I'., is hour of their ' deep sorrow. Resolved, That a copy of .these Resolutions lie sent to he family of, the deceased, a copy to the Exi'oN i jsT for publication, and also placed on the Society records. .Resolved? latest art work among ladies ia knovn as the '.Trench Craze" for decorating china, glassware etc. It is something entinhj It new, and is both profitable and fascinating. is very popular in.flfew York, Boston and other Eastern cities. Toladies diritjgjto learn th 18-- J Art; weviilend an legafetchina-j)laepie- -f Ml. KAN OK MOKJJIS, inches,) handsomely decorated, for a model, to 2A xina, Ann 1 akks,-.-prher with a box of material, 100 colored de .Sakau M. Pomlrov, si.'us assorted in flowers, animals, soldier, Comiiiittee. landscapes, etc., complete; with full instructions, upon receipt of only 81.00. The placque kEMEMDRANCE OL- LOVE. alone is worth more than the amount charged who outfit encloses To every lady ordering this The following is a sh- rt sketch of the life of my skier, the address of five other ladies interested in Art matters, to whom we can mail our new whose maiden name was Christina Swenson, since she first embraced the Gospel: catalogue of Art Goods, we will enclose extra tThe a - . -- - - ; - ' er to her. 4 Mwi ho lister .Mary Uair, Alien, her Counselors, is doing a' gool work lor the. improvem nt of the- young Our Primary Ass iciation was on thy Ui.h of last' May, with Sister Kmma Cofid4v President, and Sisters Jane It. Higgs and- Minerva "Alien Counselors; Miss: Lottie Caroline Cornish, Spickman, Secretary; Mi-Treasurer. .Our Primary meetings are well attended, a rid the chili ren , bless the m, are y sjwiHin g 'to." t a ke t pa r tsf nnd d o anyis that of them. thing required We held a Primary exhibition on the 22nd of February, for th purpose of assisting to gather tire poor. Our programme consisted of also two- dialngues-au- i tong.s ..recitations comic )ieces, one entitled, "Have Vou Heard !and tlr.uthei'"-''harPosta hCarlfr After paying expenses we had a balance of $9.75 left, which .was turned for the purpose before mentioned Our worthy Bishop has kindly, promised to e one acre of land lor-tboys of the AssociaH to u plant iu"T)otatoes, each Primary one to furnish an equal share' of potatoes, to plant them and see atrer thjm,'and tpe pr)- cec-dto so towards buying musical insfruments so we can have a Primary band. This wilfen- courage the children, and will also teach them to be useful. Praying for those who have Jhe welfare of Zion at heart, and who are diligently working lor the spread, of trufci on the earth, and all tnat is good and noble, we remain. in the Gospel, Your sisters and E.M.r.i Cor.Nisu, Jam: R. Blggs, Bet.--y e ..Album:' As IM Noihiitg Eire to Do; The Dear Old Songs of Houn; Miithe'r, Watch the Little iivt; Oh, You PreUy IMuereyed Witeii; Blue Eyes; Katy ' Lei tv t Passng Bell; I Saw,-EaKissing Kate; Won't "Vou Tell Me Why, liobin; Tue Old Ganh-- Gate; the. .:VaYing:Linde.n.; - Fadi -. Down, below Leaves; All Among the Summer Ro.-eToucli the Harp Gently, my Pretty Louise; I Really Don't Think I Shall Marry;" Dreaming of ' HumeThe old Cottage Clock ; A eross t tft5 Sf a ; A Year Ago; Bachelor' Hall; Ruth and I; Good Night; One Happy Year A go'; Jennie in the Orchard; The- Old Bam Gat.- - Jack's well; P. illy; Whupertn 'tile Twillgrirhis is Hue collection of real vocal a gem, and in hautlsome Axlx. published very gottui up in the usual way and bought at a' music etore, these o2 pieces would cost you 811.20. We bought a job lot oi -- this, untsic at a.fjrtud sacrifice, um as the holidays are pa-- t, we desire to "close. oiiLour stock at once. Will send you tlie entire col lection,' welP wrapped and postpaid' for only Tu ets. Send immediately. Address, The Emjare News Co., Syracuse-N-' . 7 MlNTItVA Said she did not thin the sisters thought so "much ot her, and was overcome with joy and gratit:ide, jscuinuehuthaj 4 -U Fa-voril- rzf rs black dress. Sister Whipple aose and thanked the sisters kindnessaud respect shoivu n s Gouu. Mary Adair then presented to Sister Whipple,. in behalf of the Society, a new for their Y. Bi-'- i he far-awa- - imv!m . .... o cwjumns of our valuable paper, we thought, perhaps, it tUv jtems irom'our. little settlement might not be amiss. We are trying, to the 'best of W ability, to do our duty and help roll on the Wurlv of: God. " Oar p, .Juim C. Larsen, is a- nm:i of G'" ami is never tired of for ihe in terest ot his ward, and lor the' btfildim' un of vio.'i s kingdom. . Wediave a .good" Relit f Society, :with Sifter rlfzaijetii 1 ittonsor-ii- s I resident,' and Sisters Susannah Larsen and Carrie Kingsfor.i Conn- " Hhe-New!- Andthis little gift over r .. - This Favorite AlbunT of S;;ii- -i :ind Palhuls, pieces of choice and popu-la- r containing thirty-twfull music sheet izet.vith Coinplete music, words and music and piano accompaniment is linely printed upon heavy paper, with a very attractive- cover." The,, following are the titles ot the songs and ballads ' contained-ithe ' '.Emxoit Ex ro next: As 1 . BARGAIN IN .MUSIC. ITEMS. FROM CpVEVILLE. who-it-wa- sr - nn McNkil, See. was-quit- - .- - 1 - , 