WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 74 not to mention the effect their To fast offering do not supply them; selves, has had upon Zion. silti sfaCtOI -V, fniitimii'S ...... fonon while sometimes in the same. Stake conduct j v vui u u v in 7inn ;' the ihi are THE . ENCOUHAGEMENT OF MARRIAGE? though undoubtedly somewhat Iron) aid clothing th; (iesiiiute is uiai.uj.-ivel- there are other wards where there Presidents if by the enforced absence, poor. any, dependent lew, in a t:iu" mission, Tb2 Lord has informed ns that ma Its Tabors'and associations of so many rho :e. ol tjen o Slakes should make arrangements in is ordaiUvjd of God un'o man. pertormaif I'ave named of the last brethren and slskw ,wijo s mi.atny' and .divine with the .human of' marriage, in some insiitntiou Interest The an active duty tak.-fast offering former )er wards to transfer their wo read, Is fall mi icy are b autiiuiiy harmomz'.d. in "to which of communities some iu its vcll ire. We notice, with pleus- - rl':iidSifV Bishop-ocontiguous the the love the to pour, relief number w within urc, tire constantly Increasing ward which has more re- ,of God ai.d of our leilovvs is clean) - of own offerings leged that there is a growing tendency fast its scbobhv. teachers and f ch.jlar.s and. than borders lor more is It praiseworthy L'niou ii)aijifet,in this direction among us. The cau3e ported by the oilier of the be abie to say will supply. In this way all the peo-of is to i relief-society the care evident doubtless, traceaide to the Inpresiding the ymm by. Ward iu need ple can have'an tqual opportunity in of wealth amd the discrease local authorities in our ettlements to " I here are none orMir to Uje'poor. thati to doing tlleir duty shelter." of raiment the of o"ie food, as inclination' of youjig meu to take have a Sun lay School of dollars in baud, OFLinKiaUTY. I.ESSONS the burdens of a wife and 'established.. .We poit thyusands niE first institution upon them ' of ti..;;poor arcuu-supplief.'om the simAs are also gratified to .Tearn that Wiiiie the family. Experience has abundantly toproved we may naturally, of iu most of the "foreign missions days, early plicity those a vaT that those who jie atiiUtive Tuesi; socUties have done this tendency will increase of the Church Sunday Schools and the aud alb other dutiesrequired by the expect that us, of among good Associations atiKjUiit men and as may be restrained from Improvement. young does God His blessing. wherever members bavo ben ol great service iff Lord receive areto youug ladies uu- organized being marriage offering themselves tho-iu the wards obss who deote al tne I'iles'J-ioo!in t.hr-iii.-.nr frxvn Great Uritaiu, In sfjiiiethinf- lilro iu: . . i. v ' practicable. j with . singleness of purpose to His i ' iu cirin'--' tor t:.e destitute and in supand In New Zealand, as home a comfoitabie :s Europe, they .enjoy needed. of this weie who have work-- If in the SaDdvvieh Islands, as also in the pling the wants oftbose of 1 under their parents' roof . Extraya- the condition to notice these labors In one has of in need tun o.en help. ouiy o branches scattered throughout m every eucourElders in the various settlements-wnto . . : th mission ia. the United States, these . . ,i Live .. I. ,. tne part of the girls will also have the ol nave biessing spent ears of their lives upon effect . . institutions are found contribution . to deter young men from marry-ir- .. affairs au-home their tx.Ttheir an missions. Tnougn their influence in ihstructimr and :,Mvey ui) :n taea). ('rih should be taken bv everv hu.mav have been left to the care ol their furinbiir t uv.X racier of the children tbin torHh .betv.di ..of uffn-iinof Influence to counteract this disperson wivx-and children, they'are. not :ii i'::itv Saints. of the Latter-da- y and 'to set before the rising tendency. their from their poverty by tinguished The Mutual Improvement societies c.vi'.i: the advantages which lol- ok sreuerailou Tin: the poju. tetiovv-servau- ti who have remained at are also accomplishing great good No low marriages. i v connecA frtrrcTvrri t er sea c u i a p p t oaf h u g , home.-:-throughout our settlements.-Ican aud maintain prosper us to community to look arouad We have ou'y tion with theui and trie Sunday Schools, it i.i proper that each liis.joj and Lis t ike the uecessai) satisfy ourselves also, that those who a high s andard of morality where we desire to remind our brethren and (ouus lors iu contributing to God's tnere is a large peiceatage of unmar sisters who are endued iu the praise- - steps to proprrly care for the poor are generous iavored of the Lord. Tnis ried young meu and joueg women. are live in their .vaids. Tne) shuuld work iu tall the Kelief Societies to their aid in vvas the experience of ancient Israel, We snouid depio're the increase' ot tutions, that the original design 1 ieucer Yet- - ia- - re- such a class among us, atul.aU. honor-- , roua is o I and it is our-exp- ei tn i $ - i a bur . :Tii oraniziarSunriay;: Scnools- and there is able means should be used to prevent us to donations be was, the poor should .Societies among voluntary supplied aud the gard The young of both that- the. children and youth of tne punH of 'poverty and destitution too much carelessness, no t withstand - its existence.be should sexes that it is nor con taught God has givatiy ihir all the precious yromises Saints should be made wise iu the should be aveited". in to happiness, should marriage to The necessary fi faitu of and Saints our ritids nected therewith. their of the Gospel blessed us in the uits principles of -- revdalioiis-ot wealth. In in th " be of-t- ne which possession tne flocks our and remiuded be in in obligationand be developed herds, gantensy u us ant eco nomi- ind trio s, this iidbita-tioncountry s res'ts upon them. Our children; also, us comfurta!le and Gjd. This the ollicers and te.tcheis ami means to sustaiu ourselves, stonier Oe taught this duly, that it may- cal married couple can soon surround should keep constantly in .mind. The without be we almost should should alAa3 remember the become a fixed habit with them to themselves with all the conveniences used and books as words of the Apostle James:" 'Ture punctually attend to these nutters and cornfort3 essential to life and hapexception, the revelations of God eacu will modern and iu anc.ent contained religion aud undefiled btiore God and Taose who have strictly observed piness.in The satisfaction la' the have alter years other the to with can enjoyment the to the fathervisit these t!ieT'atner testify ls.this, requirements Scripture, together worKSOt theChurch. iue teaching.?, less and widows iu their allliction, and great pleasure and many rewards they of the fruits of their Joint industry and thrift will amply repay them for any inwhile direct, brief and simple, suoukl to keeu himself unspotted from tne have received from their observance be sucu as will increase the faith, de- world." This law of liberality appears to be conveniences or privation' tbey may While it ias always been . the one ot the safeguards which tae Lord have been subjected to in the cd'in-forearlyts velop the veneration ami love, andof outhtae the married, life. The out draw has adopted to avert Irom-h- is intelligence people days of their policy of (3ur people :o eucourage thus accumulated will b; doubly ful hearers toward the divine princiand to repress idltuess iu every the evil consequences which follow to xptct all persons to the possession of wealth. He has told swtetebed unto them by the recollecand torm, ples of which by Goi's grace, we nave been made .he custodians. All at- - con'.iibute, accortling to their ability, us that the riches of the earth are His tion of their exertions in common to constituted xeujpts, However sngu;, w sreuwi it,v to taeir own support ; si ill there are to give ; but Htrnas warned us "to be procure tuem. No rightly these institutions. and to change them uKtn .ca-e- s where the aged and the ware of pride, lest we oecome as the and educated young woman will reluse so that they will not accomplish the or tne uniortunate, canuot, with I' ephit.es of old. We knew the rum it an offer of marriage from a worthy, in ends sought for in their creation, the utmost exirtiou and economy, oo-ta- wrought for them, and we should dustrious young man for do other reaThe he is notable to surround should be discountenanced, through their own labors suffi- spare no precaution to prevent wealth son than thatwith tne of the comforts which aud at rlrst her Gospel us teacnings a to i. sustaiu would themselvts. cient It disastrous fleet upoa spirit having should hold undivided control iu an he a great evil among us to encourage Many can endure poverty and be hum- she may think she ought to have. our ministrations connected with this any class iu living upou ble and live near tne Lord who cannot Young men, who hae a ciue snare of cause. In the theological aud other of tne community.. No system bear riches. Thy become lifted up in tne qualities which women esteem iu classes all discussions should be of begging should be permittee!. and become covetous, and for a husband, need not be afraid that girls avoided as much as"" possible on sub- Tho-.- able to woik snould be f ur- - pride their God. Thos&, however, who of that kind will reluse them, because get jects which GodTiu His wisdom has not Aiished employment. Persons who are remember constantly the teacnings of tney may not be well endowed with world's goods. yet fully revealed. We kuowtbere are pioperly rlipused wiil oe glad to ob- the Lord ouceruiL'g the earth and Us thisThey willcheer- .... . Mni I... 1, .. r. t w more to ho take appear persons many tain it in preterecce to being ted with innaoitants, and who contribute ot the i tVi-rli.Mcrlir. in lit.iitl (il!i'.sitiniii the-brt- ad w v h oi charity m h ic h e Lor s to l d gi uieans whicn are mysterious aud cauuot very be encouraged to labor accordi g to assist the poor and helpsCarry forward the love and supporting and guiding well, in our present slate of know! their strength. This podcy, if wisely the work ot God.exercise a check upon band of their husbands. edge be answered, than they do upon pursued will prev ut pauperism, de- themselves and give Satan less power AGAINST ISCCRKING DEBT. those subjects whicu are plain; ami velop self exertion and coiilideiiCe.and to had them astray. Under tne presWe feel ltd to caution the Latter- simple and essential to preseut pro- produce It is a- cause ent system of liflairs, tnose who ac- bii n taasra.iiist . inrn'.incr t t.w hurl gress. .But me; Lord has rev 'tabid of itav a w hin&that-otg-gam u iv u eartn-i c a at great bo reaoltrttrsii pso much that we can understand is unknown throughout our ply themselves and their famines with haoit ot incurring debt and taking and that we ought to Kara in oder to .'Inere is no i.eel f..r any luxuries and advantages that are de- upon themselves obligations which frebe useful iu tne'labors devolving upou one, however burden them heavier than they eblitute, to publicly nied their neighiiors, are in danger of quently us here, that we net-- not enter into solicit alms. '."Hut" wnile this is the becoming separated tiom the "bulk of can bear, and lead totherlo. s of tbeir discussions on subjects whica in no case, the stusitive and those who the distinct nomesaud other p'Ssessions, We know-- it peoi.de and way affect our happucss here or etershrink from asking aid, who conceal, class. But the day forming is the fashion of the age io use credit come will when a nal salvation heiealter. In ourtneo-logicin some iustaucest tueir poverty, more perfect order will be introduced. to the utmost jimrt, and it is cus om-a- ry and suould t.e cur.eluily looked after oy the Then it will be said classes, quorum for nations, states, counties and there are no poor Other assemblies, tnercfore, tiee deKeiiei Societies uudi-- the 'du'ectiou of and no rich i3 Zion that is," we snail to borrow mouey, issue bonds cities batable questions need uot be dis- tne Bishops ol tne warcis.so that there not be divided load themselves- - with taxes and thus classinto but shall s, cussed or oe dwelt, upou to occupy tne may be no inrin ioual m auy of our all an extent that large numbers such to thing of this charactime of' the members, to 4.neaLXCiusiun wards suffering for tae wantol food or ter possess ever of the people are prevented from ownou- comfort and hapfor of more profitable topics. ueeesaiy Iu the. auy other article necessary to sustain But until men, if we .wish our ing land or even the houses which they piness. Sunda the 'Associations, Primary or preserve lite. 1 Ce coiuiiiuuiiy whose fami.ies and ourselves to remaiu Latte- occflpy. Thus the masses become tenschools andthe Mutual Improvement hearts ate open to theories ol ants and have to pay rent for land, and r-day we 'distress, be must Associations, sinking saould receive a wno are ready, to administer of the careful toSaints, deceitful-uesshelter..- lhisisag eat evil aud one s tne guard against large share ot attention. Singing ex- sui'stauc-.- ' winch the Lurd gives them v that we, as a people and as individuals, of riches. a be can made gnat atli action to relieve their teilow ercises should may creatures, carelully shun. Our business and also a valuauie addition to tne ed- abAas depend upon, the lavortd tiie THE DUTIES OF be done, as much as possible, THE SAINTS. shguld ucation of tne young. "The iuterest Lotd, for he loves those wno are kind the4 principle on for that that is now taken among u& ja vocal to'their tjpaying fdlow-mep- , and who admin-i- s The great labor which devolves upon wbicii we purchase our and needs and instrumental music is a maikeu er to tiieir whuse nearts us, as- mejmbeis of the Church, h to should be brought within the limit of ot tne feature times, and Hits taste are tender, and w ho readily respond to build up Zi u. God has founded Zion, our'resourc- s. ine disposition to finds increasing opportunities tor its applications tf ,this we character snould which aud to extend lbs bene speculate and to take chances upon development iu the facilities which are ai: made upon them, r win) autici-pa'- e fits andddessmgsseek unto all mankind. It ventures of ohe kind and another now being turuisiied to all w ho desire them eb to the be giving our should ty freely constant care to do ould be repressed. There are many its cultivation.' Instead of having a . nothing tiat will weaken Its influent people who have been rendered home- select Jew act as choirs in these or pover or retard its growth ia the less in our Territory by the neglect of EAST OFFEKIXGS. institutions to do the sinking for the This we should constantly im- this precaution. To raise funds to in eartn. of ail .. should whole, the voices In some, of our wale's there is not in- - Lanuun iu also, upon our ci iidren,that vest in seme scheme which has appress be unite-. care taKeu in the collection proper may grow up filled witn an abid-io- s; peared promising they have mortgaged in giving utterance to the. fcelincs of last oCeiiiigs ct the people. Tfie theylove for the workTjf God. "their'ncarts in hymns and songs. This liistt ihursday their homes, only too often, to bedis- in ine mouth has been too Ti.ere has been much will increase the pieaure of tae meeti- set neglect appointed and to lind themselres withspart iu the Church as a riav of on this point. Many have .pursued 'a out ngs-, and make all f t tl that they have a place; of shelter for themselves en J piajer mat dav shouid short-sighteselfish policy ; and nave and theirfamiiies. an equal interest in worship aud re- lawi.s All this is wrong. be stnctl observed. Fast offeriugs worked to that which believed If joicing. the for such unwisdom fell bt. suouhl thy ptnalty brought witn a liberal hand was their own individual one the acts and whose to advantage the upon through of THE RELIEF SOCIETIES. each ward, that he without Bishop regard' to the effect their ac- influence it is brought about, the con may be p:t pared to supply those vho tion would have upon the work of God The mission of the livlief Societies would not be so deplorable ; as organized among us, is truiy grand aiedepeudeut upon the .vard forsus- - Their eyes have not been single to His sequences but very frequently lamilies suiter ivMut. wards require and There is no iimit to erau.e glory. Such a disposition has proved arsd the bad results ' are widely aid from the Church to help a snare to those who nave indulged in felt. , their labors and usefulness while suf- - sustain their We, therefore, repeat our puor, because their own it; they have wrought Injury to them- - counsel to the Latter-da- y Saints, and waul exist in I - i - ottrrmid-t- . ne.';dy--b-fecdiij;in- ed v a.e Vm-rgt'ti- c Hi-ho- ps -- -- p.-o- r !,, - i d. m-ed- we-depa- - - e 'us.-isti-ug Con-tiaent- - Di-.io- f . . : " : I f ; s . . n well-airane- d f- - -- -- - - -- tr-r- ca - bit-wai- -- . - - iu-jgi- viug - lu-elus- tiy iu-ht- , ui, in e - e - K-- n-- 1 atHi self-iespe- ct. asurot ' all-sho- .n n-- n te uid - e-- set-licmen- ts . a al s i - - - - sti-tut- e. . - ol-Hi- t d, . I " 