WOMAN'S EXPONENT. BARGAIN IN MUSIC. the girls to attend their meetings and seek to Ad- .do right, that they might stand faithful. vised them to fast often, for this was a. key that would open the heavens unto them. She took it for granted that all kept the word of wisdom, for by so' doing they would 'find wisdom and great treasures" of' knowledge, - even - hidden-treasure- s. Prest. Smith expressed her gratification with the renorts, and laid out a p'rogra mine of work. which she desired all the associations todo within the .next two months- - Exhorted the young Jadie3 to seek for, a knowledge of. the themselves truth, th,at they might know-fwhether any doctrine be of 'God, "or of the ' opposite power. bister Margaret Young said, "We have heard some ; good instructions this morning, and we impress it on our minds, that our knowlThe uppermost edge may., be increased. -in our. minds should be the principles thought of the Gospel, and1 dress and- - such matters secondary; certainly we should be clean in person and home, for cleanliness is next to Qo This Favorite Album of Songs and Ballads. pieces of choice and popucontaining thirty-twmusic ske with complete lar music, full sheet words and muiic and piano accompaniment is -finely printed . upon heavy paper, with a very aitrantivra nnvnr Tlio fnl Intc? ti cr tiro iVia fitla Prest. Smith said she was pleased with the oi the songs ard ballads contained in the r& manner in which the exercises had been rendered, and with the remarks, of the sisters. She The Dear Old Songs of Home; Mother, Watch felt like Sster Molen, that the young ladies' the Little feet; Oh, You Pretty Blue-eyewere getting ahead of the older ones, and she Witch; Blue Eyes; Katj's Letter; The Passing Kissinc Kate: Won't You it. Advised all to work for -- Bell: I Saw-Esfelt to rejoice-ev- er Tell Me Why, Robin; The OUl Garden Gate; the good of each other, that we might therethe Waving Lindens; .Faded by build up the kingdom of God. "Let us Down-beloseek other. to us Let love each edify Leaves; All Among the Summer. Roses; Touch Prest. Smith then read the names of the ..and. glorify eachpl her.' Think any the Harp Gently, my Pretty Louise; I Really are too young to cIq good- The Spirit of Dnn'f. Think T Shnll Miirrv? Dren min hf young ladies who had prepared the greatest number of references on the subjects assigned. the Lord can work through a young perHome; The oJdCottage Clock; Across the Sea;, wellas E. as Welchman of Newton, having preson Sarah through .an older, one, A Year Ago: Bachelor Hall: Ruth and I: Good Night; One Happy Year Ago; Jennie in pared 381 on Repentance and 163 on What if each lives a worthy life." Spoke of our bethe Lord calls His Church, had been appointed ing deprived of the right to vo'te, and thought the Orchard; The Old Barn Gate; Jack's Fare-i- t to give these exercises in the afternoon. a gross injustice. .Desired the oung ladies, well; Polly; Whisper in the Twilight. This is in any of their meetings, where they quote a very fine collection of real vocal gems, and Singing, "Truth is Mighty." Meeting adgotten' up in very handsome style. Published journed until 2 p.m. Benediction : by. Sister from another, to give the author due credit. Jane : thou glorious - day- - of in the usual way., and bought at a music store,, Singing; 2 At p.m meeting opened with singing, "How .. promise." Meeting adjourned until 7:30 p.m. these 32 pieces would wat you $11.20.' We ' firm a foundation." bought a job lot of this music at a great sacrifPrayer by Sister II. Earn es. Benediction by Sister Adeline Barber. Singing. The minutes of the previous confer- Evening session of conference: Meeting ice, and as the holidays are past, we desire to ence were accepted as read, after, which JDoull. opened with singing, "The SpiritsjUry." Prayer close out our stock ed once. Will send you the Ida F. Langton read the letter from Sister E. by Bishop Wm. Hyde. Singing. The Terrientire collection, well wrapped "and postpaid, S. Taylor, Territorial President of the Y. L. tory and Stake officers of the Y. L. M. I. A. for only 40 cts. Send immediately. M. I. A., stating why she was not with us, and were "sustained, a slight chauge being made in ' Address, The Empire News Co., Syracuse, '. the latter. Circumstances necessitating the n. y. sending the following expressions to the conference: , absence of the First Counselor," Sister Zina Y. "Please extend my regrets to Sister Smith Williams, at present, Sister Retta Ormsby was and the young ladies assembled, and may the sustained as acting counselor. . NOTES AND NEWS. God be of he on the exercise with you, and everything ''Free Agency By request Spirit which is done be for the best good of the assoof Man," which was given in the afternoon, Mrs. Polk, widow of President Polk, keeps and is was on for Characan the of the advancement "What work read; her health and memory at the age of four score again essay ciations in which we are engaged. Sister E. R. Snow ter in an Individual?" was read by a member and more. of Hyde Park. requested me to convey to the congregation her blessing, aud say that she feels Sister Sarah Thatcher, President of Logan The aldermen of Brooklyn have appointed M. satisfied Y. wiih L. I. A., said, "The Scriptures faiteen women as police matrons, with salaries the circumstances which 2nd Ward perfectly surround the Saints, and she knows that the tell us, 'Ask, and ye shall receive,'" and she of SC00 each. outcome will be glorious," asked an interest in the faith and prayers of The en tertain men t of Queen Kapiolani cost The programme was rendered as follows: those present, for she felt 'very weak, but felt" A member of Logan, 3rd Wardread an essay like standing by her motto, which was, f'Do .Boston about ;$18-,00A large part of 'this on "Household .kconomvjan, essay on ''What our best, and by so doing vou will in time do was for junketing. are a few things that contribute to make useful etter. Desired that we ail strive to nrove members of society?" was read by a member of faithful, to the end, "for the race is not to the Maggie Mitchell often cooks the dinner at her Long Branch house, and let3 the servants . Newton; a song by two members of Hyrum swift, but to those who endure to the end." stand 2nd "Ward; references from Doctrine and by and look at her. A song was rendered by a member of Logan Covenants on '"What the Lord calls His '2nd AVard; Correspondence by two members of Mis3 Marietta Holley (Josiah Allen's Wife) Church," were given by Sarah E. Welchman; Logan 1st Ward was then read, after which a received $11,000 for the of her manuscript two members of theSmi t hfield Associati in sang sketch of the life of the Empress Josephine "Soman tha book, view at, Saratoga." ' was given by a member of Smithficld; a mema song: an essav on "J? ree "Acefncv O J of Man. tj, war read by a member of Richmond; Sarah E. ber of Logan 6thJWa,rd-an- g a snng. Miss Ada Leigh,-wh- o successfully founded a Sis-Welchman then read the. references from the Sister Retta Ormsby said by request .of , home for American girls in Paris, is soliciting Bible on V'Repentance," This completed the ter Smith she arose to express her willingness to establish a similar home for you n men. . to accept the position to which she had been ; programme for the afternoon. Sister Jane E.'Molen, President of the Primcalled. Said if she could have the faith and The grave of Wendell Philiips was covered Associations thi3 she of reall made was some ary with flowers on Memorial Day. Colored men Stake, willing to accept it. prayers of i Sister Freeze said her heart was touched with marks; gave some good instructions to the ra this tender remp.m- b ranee. young ladies, and complimented them on their- - pity by the cruel fate of the Empress Josephine, prograss and thought what a blessing it would have Thirty-thre- e Sister Freeze, President of the Y. L. M. I. A. been if she had lived in the Gospel women voted at the Belmont dispensation, of Salt, Lake Stake, said she was pleased when her husband 'could have taken another (Mass.) Twenty. two women attended the and interested with the exercises. "If we which was the largest and caucus, gain wife without their separation. Said although most orderly ever held in Belmont. a glory we must work and earn it. We must we as sisters had been disfranchised we enyet act for ourselves and not depend on .others." joy the a,nduldiadvis&iither3 rihtopeak, Mrs. Elizabeth Cady Stanton, in a "recent The remarks, of Sister Molen reminded her of in to . plural marriage, for we are not visit to regard some remarks she heard President Paris, met some of -the most distinJoseph F. bound by the oath like our brethren. Smith makeon one occasion-to 'Prest. Smith advised the young ladies not to guished, suffragists of France- at & reception theyoungT ladies, which were to the effect that he (and he marry those who were unwilling that they should given at the residence of her son, Theodore ' Stanton. believed that other men would do the same) least a of at their time for their portion spend would do more for his s weetheart, his mother or own improvement, and in benefitting others. Columbia College, on its centennial day, his wife than for any other person, showing She expressed her gratitude to those who had conferred honorary degrees upon three women. what influence the young ladies had over the assisted in making the conference "so enjoyable, B. Edwards Amelia and Alice E. opposite sex. Advised the young girls not to especially to Sister Hendrickson for the able doctors as of Freeman, and Maria letters, marry those who were not upright and seeking manner in which she had conducted the singing Mitchell as doctor of laws. to live up to the principles of the Gospel, for and the practices to learn the song3. the Lord-hadesined-tha- t the mnn should ho A returned missionary from India says that Singiug. Benediction by B'ro. W. II. Ap- the leader, and therefore we should seek those perly. during ten years she never saw a Hindu child whom we can look Armenia Parry Cor. Sec. up to for counsel. Entreated receive a cares3 from its mother. Girl babies , or o d au. w not-tha- -- t - - , - E.-Mole- m me, -- . : ed 5 0. " i - 7 - . J ' m . . town-meetin- g. . -- d 