WOMAN 'S EXPONENT.- - 151 "Teach your children to pray, and if r? love n.wl" 0d W,shes ach other Will sometimes bring,, jjiem go astray ir hearts. , maue upon a child s mind h the- - impression May G()1 help the old .folk?, and permit Jawing; there is a great deal in being ..obedient them to meet together oftenjony. worst wish,-- . to those that are placed over us. We are all ' ; Respectfully,, . up our Father's kingdom on trying to build " the eiirthr 1 "feel that I can see the hand of Lord over; us and .over the world, and if we are faithful the Lord will take us safe th rough; items from Vermillion: ' we have got to sacri flee, everyth ing fo r the' Gospel, ami 'Wis worth every thing.I know7 ElJiTOU LxfONENT: , . of that the principle plural marriage is true-Seeing a:requesrin the "ExroNEN-- mr the I heard Joseph teach it; he sealed me to my 'sisters ofr the different wards a oil husband. Let it be tlfe feeling of your heart organizations own ie to ou r paper, I t hough t I wou hi --writethat God is at the hel m.When - we are old a lew items about our small ward here in and look back on a "wel 1 spent ife, wh at a joy it will be. Be careful about breaking your Although - few in number, the majority ot covenants; teach your children to' have faith in : the ordinances of the Church, and not have .the people are trying to live" their 'religion as well as they know: how. Our Sabbath School e wan t to ve n ear the Lord "every doctors.. .. . . i i day; w;e want union, power andtreiK'tb 'and 1,1 , ,ueting3 are, pretty vell attended. Our ls prospering,and the sixers all " i?(!ciet' a firm and , decided mind, that we will serve i , 'WfcI m tbe GosPel and willing and ready Godlet.what will come. May we. labor faith- do to whatever called upon by our worthy ful and diligent, that we may all meet beyond, . President; Rebecca Nebeker. Our Y. M. and . ' the veil." Y. L. Mutual Improvement and Primary Asso- Prest. Smith: "I never was in a meeting " ciatiuns are progressing nicely uuoer the man " whe re so many pom ts were" touclied upon for We agement of their respective : benefit. attending, ;4iave a few that seem; to be a presidents. little slow as 40 these meetings; 1 know this is an organization the of the times, but the majority are a signs' of the kingdom of God. In regard to prayer, God fearing community. We have every rea-sothere - are many prayers offered at the same to rejoice and be good Latter-daSaints. time; some may think that the Lord cannot We been called to pass through many have not hear them all, but through the system He has the trials that some: of our brethren and of ' organized, He can hear and answer prayers. sisters have, but now; the enemy is in our Some of the sisters spoke about making good how path; many homes will be made desolate bread; it is very essential, also, to make good is hard to say. butterr"I- - would like fo speak aboutthe Before closing I will say, myself and a few ions; I think if the presidents of. the different others, on the first day of this month, met at branches, and the leading women,Would meet the residence of our President to surprise not together and make their owii fashions and onlylier,;but-he- r worthy husband, enry-Nebeker, follow. them, it would bo better than to follow it being the sixty-nintanniversary the Gentile fashions. I have suggested this liia of a bounteous of After birth. partaking for the benefit of my sisters, ana exercise your repast, we spent the afternoon in social. chat. inn uenco g a bou t th is desired effect. Ever praying for the welfare of Zi'on, and Hay the Lord bless you. Amen. that we may all be prepared to Say to our Prest. Grant: "I feel that our time has been Father ra heaven, "Ihy will- be done in all well spent7Bnd hope we wilHreastireruprwhat f things, I remain,. we have'heard. This matter ot dress we must Your sister in the Gospel, meditate upon, and I hope we will be willing Violet I vie, Sec R. S. to4a "" Vermillion, Sevier Co., Feb. lo, 188. IS en tile-- fash ions-- We-adjourn for three moflths, to meet'at Farming-ton.- " blT -- . -- " r , - 1 Yer-millio- - . . " - . Knnsas!;-.-Shejead- .... " ' Georgia n n a B r u eo' Ki rby r wi fc" of ; R. O. Kirhy, leather manufacturer, died at her homo in". Santa Cruz, California; Jan 27th, 1887. Shewas in early times a member of the celebrated' Brook fa a and inu n i ty li nAftissa : prominently connected with the" movement, ,She Vas.the author of "Brookfarm Papers," "Years of Experience," and also a contributor to magazine's She 1ra'fresicieittherc for oveT th iilyar-s;-".";-"- -- rni-co- m anti-slaver- y 'and-newspapers. : n. -- 1 1 vote of 25 to 13p:issed ihe.JlT.u Feb. 1.6,', of-9vote 2, by a. to 22. Three eluers for 0 the way. Sooner or later every other State will; follow Ex.'- ' NOTES ABO U It WOMEN. Miss Anna of an appointment to of Education. ' "' hn receivetT the honor -- t lie Phi iatielphia Board " ... .Mrs. Richard H. Dana and Mrs. Annie Thorpe, daughters of the '.poet. LongfcIIovv,' .: ,tend soon to build a double 'house in Camlfridge in-.- lfolhei5iw" Tc4dcnc-- . .,' . ;,l;,:' .- Ltake-grea.tlsatisfaction.i- n ' -- n - . Miss Mary Johnston (Marie tDeeca) was recently presented, by a :grouj'"rrf her admirers in Paris with a robe in cloth of silver, former-- J ly the property of Queeii Lou isa of-Pruse- ia. y -- - -H- h m-bring- -- - - - - . v-ai-devl 1 wi ' .. Singiug, "Lord,, dismiss us with thy in 2 Benediction by Bro.'Kandal. ' '- - - Sec. ,: ' .. The Old Folks' Party 7 was held in the ward . meeting house, in. Bloomington, Idaho, 10th, this being the sixth meeting of the kind. They are gotten up every year at the request of our honored Bishop, .Win.. Hul me, under ect management of President Green-balg- h and her Counselors. Tables were spread to accomodate about one hundred persons, who seemed to enjoy and do wnple justice to the viands which were spread before ihem. This ' year We rwcre honorerlby-th- e Presidency of the" ' take; the Presidency of the Relief Society was also represented by the Counselors acd Treasurer of the Stake. on-Feb- the-dir- -- . red a nd removed -- - CRAZE. latest art work "among ladies knowTi as the 'Trench- Craze" for .decorating china; glassware, "etc. It is something entirely It new. and is both profitable and fascinating. other is very popular in New York.Bostori and Eastern cities. To ladies desiring to learn the Art, we will send an elegant china placque (18 The : After ther tabierivere-el- ea ANOTHER-Af- lT blcss- - OLD FOLKS' PARTY, Editor Woman's Extonent: - i- toinches,) handsomely decorated, for a model, degether with a box of material, 100 colored signs assorted in flowers, animals, soldiers, land scancs 'etc.. complete, with full instruc tions, unon reeeiotof only $1.00. The placque alone is worth more than the amount charged. To every lady ordering this outfit who encloses the address of five other ladies interested in Art matters, to whom we .can mail. our new PfltrtWi-ifi-nArt Goods, we will enclose extra and without charge, a beautiful 30 inch, gold- tinted placque. Address, The" Empire Kews Co.ryracuse, N. Y. - r- - ordcrr and mpptincr nnriu'd bv simrino: and prayer, after which r songs, 'recitations, and speeches were made by some of the brethren ". and sisters present, who spoke in an encouraging and instructive manner. At lamplight there was an intermission of twenty minutes," when all that desired were ' conveyed to their homes. Then dancbg was continued until about ten t'ciock, when all retired to their homes, with conf-ttenceda- NOTES AND NEWS. Mrs. Richard Jesse is dead at Margate, Emily leiiuy-- 0 "Errand. Her maiden name was r.r,A in 1 Kp married toI . son, . ana. t?new as , &a6t 1 Arthur Henry Hallam, wnose oeain nvmy Alfred Tennyson to write "In Memoriam. o " Irs. Henry Wood, author of "East Lynn," and about twenty other novels, and editor of Her maiden name was the Argosy, is . Ellen Price. Her first novel .published in England in 180, 'gained the $"00,,prize7ofFered '. the Scottish Temperance League. . df-ad- Mi&rH'araccrIminrWhp-f- a a sister of Nathaniel iIawth'orno'.s wife ami of Miss Elizabeth Peabody. She wrote a life 0 her husband, and a little book on "Christianity in the Kitchen," as well as articles for various She' was .warmly interesied in .periodicals Toution. ; which The Municipal Woman Suffrage Bill, a few days ago by a passed the Kansas Senate . . The impress Augusta presents every woman servant in Prussia who completes her fortieth,, year of unbroken service in one family, with a gold cross and diploma, bearing the imperial autograph ignature. During the past eight years'she has thus honored one thousand, one :r servants. hundred and fifty-i: x MrsTMay Wright Sewall , in the Indianapolis Saturday Herald, ably and caustically reviews Mrs. E. Lynn Linton's .argument against the higher education, and. says: "If one is "seeking the causes of the numerical decrease, and the physical degeneration of American famine, let him not look to the fractional one per cent of college bred women, but to the eighty-eigh- t , cigarette-smokinper cent of min. The dwarfing, devitalizing effects of tobacco, being renioved, it will be time enough to consider towIiat: 'degru-- the higlu r education is reducing the numbers and enfeebling the stock, oftheAnglo-Saxotobacco-chewing- g . ca--pac- ity n -- Someti mes the "heav ies t wheat of all" may 1 ipiiag11 pjfrojm seed s d ropped i n a n acci d en t a wav. the.BishopL-caUed-tliereLhttiuAad-sM - Mrs. Mary Nash Agnew, the wife of Dr. C R. Agnew;-n.h"joculist, and Miss Grace H. Dodge, have been appointed commissioners of common schools in New York City, to hold office for three years from January 1st, 1887. WJ-iat-a- personal holiness! The accidental is a shadow of the intentional." Influence is the exhalation .J of character. W-- MPTculur. . In the service of God the alteration of an jardinance 4)LJPhrit jnay matter of indifference, and yet in that altera- the taking away of the very vitals of the ordinance, and the- total destruc- ' tion of its meaning. Spurycon. tion there may be, - ' ' 