The flights Vol. of the Women of Zion, and the Rights of the Women of all .Xations, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, 16. ODE TO THE PIONEERS. JULY, THE ' TWENTY-FOURT- 1847 AND H, "' CONTRASTED. -- "Hark! What sound now breaks upon the hat is that object coming there? Look! 'tis Lo coming on Without dismay It dares, e'en now, to press "its way Into the heart of this," my realm, " And mine with fear to overwhelm. . I will defend my kingdom; and . Why this intrusion, I'll demand. ' I here. I am halt queen, Strange being, And such as you I've never seen; Nay,, tell me why. you thus intrude, To mar my peace and solitude?. " W ! Great crowds of people thronging come-- , With din of wheels and beat of drum. The very air is loaded now With voices glad, that tell of how . The hearts are gay; yes, gathered there Are men so brave and women fair, And children pure in innocence, ' With youths and m3ids of excellence; All iii good will they are attired, A sight by kings to be admired. 837, , air? ,. ! far-oftla- Our God and yours now bids us take This desert wild, and of it make A place where Sa nts of His may dwell-- , And in all virtues here excel. Queen Nature, .with your help God knows That we, to blossom as the rose, Can make this wilderness. And now He bids that you before us bow." "Alas! alas !" said Nature low, in my heart I feel 'tis so. "ere My God above has sent His sons, That here, before the Savior comesj There may be gathered souls of worth, By whom He'll purify the earth;" And Nature, now bereft of tears. Cried, "Welcome, welcome! Pioneers." And all her subjects forward came, 7 With cheer and gift of help'7 the same. The Birds sang out a welcome sweet, And Trees reached out their arms ta greet; ,The Great Salt Lake leaped forth in joy, -And said their peace shed ne'er alloy; The Mountain tops then spoke and said, Their help lie in their snowy head; The Rills and Rivulets did dance, And Rivers smiled so at the chance Nf spreading wide their waters pure Thus making life to plants secure. And said the Beast of hill and plain, "Our lives we'll give to yours sustain; " And, yes, the Trout said, of his kind How much was used they'd never mind. Then last of all the Soil cried out, "I'll do my best your seeds to sprout, And with the help of Sun so bright ' This spot will be an Eden quite' .. " "" hen that brave band of pioneers Did onward move 'mid many cheers; Adown the mountain side they came Sang praises to His holy name. Right down into the vale they went, And there they pitched their humble tentV Beside the inland sea; they praised Their God in fervent prayer, then raised. Their country's flag upon the sod, Where white man's foot had never trod. . Amid the song and praise sent forth The twilight closed that Twenty-fourtT h, Hark! What sound now breaks upon the air? Look What is that object over there? - Ten thousand voices sing in praise were not congenial to each other, his wife left his house a few weeks after they were married, presumably to visit friends7 but delayed long, and finally refused to. return home. , The husband was very indignant, and wrote some tracts on "The Doctrine and Discipline of Divorce," which were a great offense to honest minds. "After various negotiations, of which there is neither room nor need to go into particulars, his wi e returned to him, and they lived together till her death, nine years after. About this time intense application to his studies, finmhinftd with nfltnrallr wpnlr pvps. rH!icarl tnta hlnulnaoa fTn n (inn A ati ct ilint champion for the parliamentary party even after the execution of Charles I, and wrote with great asperity against the King's book of Now Nature stands aloof and smiles; She looks around for miles and miles, And sees the changes which were made, Since God her country did invade. She smiles through fields of waving grain, Where once was but a barren plain; She smiles through beds of flowers rare, -And fruits with which none can' compare;" " She smiles, and with a rain of tears, 1 The efforts of those forty years 2 Would bless. And God's caress is felt Through nature's welcome smilesand melt His goodness would a heart of stone His mercy thus is daily shown. . .1 '.I tnree l.ll utile cniiaren Linton, now ouna, witn on his hands, was sadly in need of a helpmate, and soon after his wife's death, in 1652, he married Catharine, the . daughter of Captain Woodcock.of Hackney. She died in childbirth within twelve months, and that he loved her, we cairsee7fromlhe sonnet with which he honored her memory. He speaks of herashis"late deceased saint, appearing to him in a dream, her semblance being such: IM, " Yes, truly now that desert drear Docsbkssom as the rose; and here The Saints of God do ever flow; That in His grace they all may grow, -- " . a tiona. prayera-aad-incd- it ' And on this day of Jubilee, May words and thoughts and actions be As pure and holy as were those Of them to whom each one now shows Such deep respect, and may there be 'Tween one and all such unity. Amid such thanks and praise sent forth May midnight close this Twenty-fourt- hliyedHefmi and solace ot good old age, it (jod vouchsafe it to me, the honest libertv of free speech." In For reasons not very clear, except that they Where ten their thanks to God did raise; Ten thousands meet in temples rare - Where those few prayed in openir; In lovely homes their timeis spent Where those few dwelt within a tent. Yes, ease and pleasure is the lot Of thousands now who know not what Those few endured; their only joy The only hope that did them buoy Was in the thought that they God's will Had done His word they did fulfil. . . -- - Nature,' said the leader bold, "By God, our Father, we were told , To come unto Jhis a And give to "you helping hand. Lo! the throng's vast and swelling yet; For what grand purpose have they met? From all the country up and down, To every city, village, town, -- ' Queen 1 " and ''Lycidas," poems containing merit sufficient to have alone immortalized his name. After his mother's death, in 1637, he travelled in Italy and France, settling in London, on his return, and undertaking the education of his two nephews; and if we judge by his ''Tractate on Edu cation," we cau. readily suppose he was wi ll calculated Tor hi3 profession. It was not merely a disinclination for the church Milton felt, but a decided antipathy, I judge; for on the outbreak of the'differences between the King and Parliament, Milton espoused the cause of the popular side, and published some pamphlets against the Bishops, showing great animosity against the hierarchy, anej he bravely avowed on one occasion, "I .Pensero-o- . Contentment Ineach eye does beam, And from each heart good wishes teem; As round an aged few the crovd Does congregate. How pleased, how proud? How thankful to their God they are? When thinking1 how from lands afarThey came this day just forty years, And pitched their tents (these pioneers) Upon this very spot, where now m bo w . Ten. thousand people-to-4h- e , No. 13. DECEMBER 1, 188: " h. Louisa Ftckett. A SKETCH OF THE LIFE OF -- MILXON. Milton, the illustrious blind poet of England, the, as many believe, divinely inspired author of "Paradise Lost," was born Dec. Oth, 1608, in Bread St., London, and was educated first at StvPaurs School, and afterwards at Christ's College, Cambridge, where he took his degrees in arts. . The' end in view, of his education, was the bar or church; but he had no inclination for either calling; and after taking his degrees, he returned to Horton, Buckinghamshire, where his father, who had retired from business with a good fortune, was then living. It was here the poet wrote, "Comus," "L'AUegro," "II I' . 1 1 1 as yet once more I trust to have Full sight of her irrheaven, without restraint." And that she . 1 . , . , came rested all in white, pure as her mind: Her face was veiled; yet to my fancied sight, Love, sweetness, goodness, in her person shined So clear, as in no. face with more delight; But, oh I as tc embrace me she inclined I woke ske fled and day brought back my night." ; Can Petrarch's Bonnets show more tender or ' delicate affection? Milton used' every-eff- ort to prevent the Restoration, but after the death of Cromwell and the Restoration .of Charles II, he had every reason to fear retributive vengeance, so he kept concealed for some time; hut finally, through the favor of Sir VilliamDevenant, his brother poet, he obtained a pardon. It was soon after this he lost his second wife. He a third time, a Miss Elizabeth married Minshull, of good family in Cheshire. She proved to be a bad stepmother, and caused great unhappiness in the familyf In the time of the plague Milton removed with his family to Buckinghamshire and devoted himself with - 