of the Gospel cannot expect peace and the smiles of an allwise providence. The ot ha plural marriage ay well be principle called the higher law, it is so high that very few try to reach it; but those that do live by its' precepts they can .obtain a spirit that will give them.niQre-nobility-character and moral about Talk "courage. courage in Mormon where will find it if they do not women, you We it? . think that the present possess persecution has pretty well tried what Ol pies i . tr , . WWum, reported ;;'fr her lot; had - ' having made S200 sweet potatoes that weighed city nine pounds. Henry Morton had somcin the lair that weighed from" seven tonight. On the afternoon of the" 23rd the fair was closed, the house called to order to join in the celebration of the Prophet Joseph Smith's There were several - present that birthday. knew him personally, among whom were Moses Uuny Henry Morton, Susan Martinau and others, who testified of the divine mission of Joseph Smith, the great Latter-daProphet. Patriarch McBride had a copy of tHe last ad dress ever delivered by h,nnr when he add reused the Nauvoo Legion from the house top. This speech was read in a. distinct and audible" voice by M. J. Ransom; an eloquent address-bWin. Packer; remarks by W. East. Benediction by Patriarch McBrider" ; ing, in some instances, pf eight- - children, and their picnic, and remain at the meeting house the whole day, attending Sunday School and meeting. The ward meetings are well attended. On the whole we are trying to keep pace .vith . of " re-igio- us kind of mettle they are made of. We think 'they have stood it, as well as the men; they have so far, and we have yet to learn of the first one proving recreaut to their covenants and their religious obligations when even the penitentiary' s tared them in the face. Yes the sisters have need to rejoice, and 'be' glad-a- t the stand they have taken for the cause of '. : , God. , Qn3heveni We know that religious convictions are as Dramatic of Pima presented the hHt,nriral strong in women as in men of at least we think drama, entitled, "Foundling, of the Forest," the present religious crusade has developed which did great credit to the association. those traits in them. Speaking after the manNew Year's day the holidays closed with a ner of Gentile love of the sexes we claim no sumptuous dinner, given by bur genial friend, kin to it; our love, is of a pure and high kind. President "Lay ton and wife, served in elegant - As plurar marriage it is to raise men and syle,T. wtich""co'aUnor-b- e eicIMooTer'Bet women to a higher plane of knowledge and in.' tlements. -- Peace prevails telligence, when it is carried out with a pure throughout the settlements on; nature as the Author of it designed it should the Gila. There have been no depredations be. Our enemies want to make us believe : committed by the Indians since the hostile that it is plural marriage they are making so Chief and his band were captured and sent to much ado about. We know better; it is a Florida. - Therfi is rreaf. inrliiriftmpnf. rn fipftWs voYin covert attack upon the liberty of conscience and to wrest from U3 the few constitutional Mike 'miidwinters to come to the" Gila; come rights we have left us; we can see through their along, come along; don't be alarmed, Uucle Sam is rich enough to give us all a farm. nefarious doings and that without any telescoThe people are improving. " There are quite pic aid. We would not not care so much about them or be so much annoyed if they a number of new brick houses in course of would hold sacred - the privacy of our bederection, besides a commodious meeting house rooms at midnight. How can "they expect to i up to the square. ha3 God reserved some of the fat their valleys of get impudent inquisitivenes3 gratified by prowling, spying and sneaking around by Ephraim for His people, and it is only a matter night when all decent people ought to be in of time to make this one of the most desirable bed; places on the continent. "We told them it would have been better for them if their mothers or wives had given them carpet rags to sew than for them to be in NOTES FROM COLORADO. our house at midnight." We think they will begin to learn soon that it don't pay to be "reckoning without their host" all the time. Editor Exponent: We know in whom we can trust, we have We had a very eniovable time here on .trusted Him in the past and we can .for the Christmas. The sisters of the Relief Society present and future too. He can control all contributed freely for the purpose of trimming -things well for those that" put their "trust in a Christmas tree, and furnishing other amuse Him. It may be thought because we have ments for the children. There was a fine disbeen persecuted and driven time and again, of presents on the tree for both old and that we shall tamely submit to. every indignity play . I . . ....".U l.n U.,young. They were distributed on Christmas T.n n nra iinnu us: uuu wiiu liic lup.v mav ntpnsn t . ' t j j i Eve, when Santa Claus made his appearance. help of Israel's God we will show them, we in- -' We had a very pleasant party on Christmas tend to maintain our integrity against all odds. nio-htin which a number of our outside Let us pray to the Lord that hejwifl preserve They say they would fripnds narticinated. i i to us our rights and the inestimable rather attend our dances, where good order is blessings to worship Him a3 we see fit. I will maintained, than to attend those gotten up by close this article with a verse from a poem of themselvevwh'icb generally end in a drunken M. J. Tanner's. V : Christian re brawl. 'None of the , y -- . -- y : -- , - r--- . The weather has teen unusually fine this winter, scarcely enough snow to cver the ground. This is a remarkably healthful place; there has been but one severe case of sickness among our people this winter; the dreaded diphtheria has never made its appearance here. Weyxtjie sisters of the Relief Society feel to sympathize with those who are being persecuted for the Gospel's sake. It is written, "It must needs be that offeuses pome, but. woe uuto them by whom they come." Now is the time of sitting, when all that can be shaken will be shaken. The Church must be cleansed and : c .. i . . i p .i com.i ior ine cam is prepared ine jmriuuu, amii(t. ing of the Sou of Man. We should ever be on our guard, prepared and ready to defend bur holy religion. The dav is not. far distant when every one will have to stand for himself and know of a surety of the truth" of the , ine young can no longer depend upon their parents', testimony, but must obtain one for themselves.The evil one is ever on the alert to lead us astray into forbidden paths. - cess of our" valuable paper, and for the wel fare of Zion generally, I remain, , Your sister in the Gospel, Moselle Hall. Mancos, La Plata Co. Col., Jan. 7, 1887. A CRI ME AGAINST LIBERT Y. a . , .-.''... -''-- - 1 1 . . - . 1 - God-give- n . so-calle- "Then raise up your voices fair daughters of Zion, " Stand forth in the pride of your honor and worth; There's a power above us whose hand we rely on. More potentthan priaces and kings of the earth.'! . - Your sister in the cause of truth, I A Plural Wife. ITEMS FROM PIMA, A. T. EDrTOR Woman's Exponent: The festivities of the holidays being over,x have had a variety of entertainments, commencing with the ladies' fair, which opened at 10 o'clock, Dec 22nd, with quite a variety of useful and ornamental articles fox sale. The Young Ladies' department was. a credit to them; the P. A., was also well represented. A widow, and member of the Relief Society, we . d 'He7rherre no a'few organization. Methodists, but they have to infidelity, incline friends Most of our Gentile and are not inclined to persecute us, though we are, as yet, a small' minority, and our influence, politically is not felt'. , There are some few that are. investigating our principles, and we hope they will see the truth. The Saints here are few in number, but are trying to live their religion to the best nf their knowledge. The various braizations are in good work doing well, inc. order.. The Relief Society ligionsre irq3resehfed ; .considering: its numbers, ine loung Men's and Young Ladies' Associations meet conjointly once a weeK, ana tne meetings are uuiu iusuuu-tiv-e and profitable to all who attend. Our condition. A3 Sunday School is in a very good the Saintsxlive so far apart, there are somemothers whd take their whole family, consist- The IJ. S. House of Representatives, on the 12th iust, passed an anti Mormon bill which "proposes to abolish woman suffrage in Utah. It annuls all lerritoriar Jaws providing for the identification of tbe votes of electors at any electionand all laws conferring on the Territorial courts the power to determine divorce cases. Polygamy is defined as a mar riage between one person of one ex,and more than one person of another sex, and is declared a felony. The financial corpora tion known as the Church of Latter-daSaints and the Perpetual Emigration Fund Company are dissolved, and the attorney-genera- l is di rected to wind them up by process of court. All laws for the organization of the militia of the Territory and the creation of the Nouvoo Legion are annulled, Polygamists are, as be- ( y f)rd rnnrlA inplirriMp fn vnfp nnrl ft ffaf. nath i prescribed to all persons desiring tS vote, that they will obey the laws of the United States, and especially the laws in respect to tne crimes defined in this and the, original Edmunds act. The bill provides for the immediate appointment, by the President, of all judges and selectmen of the county and prjxbate courtsnd: ; by the Govern or of a 11 jua ti cesof t hepeaceT sheriffs, constables, and other county and dis- trict officers. "V, 1 The bill, as amended ... by the adoption of the substitute, has now been transmitted to the Senate for the action of that body. For nineteen years women nave voted in Utah as generally as men: they have com manded the sympathy and the respect of the community, and no considerable number of residents of the Territory, except the Federal are in favor tor their 'disfran- chisement. In a Democratic House "of lie" presentatives, by. the united action of .both parties, the political rights of many thousand American citizens are to be stricken down, solely because they are women, and because they actually use their right of suffrage All the women disfranchised by tffe bill are inno. cent of the crime of polygamy, for all poly. - office-holder- s, , .. 