WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 126 meetings regularly and at the appointed time. Have, if possible, one or m6re representatives present at our conferences and officer's meetings. The programme CQmmittee will find suitable lessons to brinir before' the members from the I3ible, Book of Mormon and Doctrine and Coven- ants. Use a portion of your money made at en tertainments, and sq forth to purchase bdoks for your library. .Send the money with list of books you have, and those you want, to , Esther C. Parkinson, and she will complete the" list and .order the books for you. By ordering a number " they can be purchased cheaper. . May the. Lord bless you in your desires to do right, is the prayer of, Your sisters in the Gospel, . Esther P.arkiso.y, Ruth if. Hatch. - : C, Of the Presidency of the Oneida Stake of Zion. II. 8., Y. L.M. 1. A. & P. UTAH A KEPORT3. STAKE. rrestj John said . Prest. A. 0. Sraootsaid, 'T cordially respond to the call of Sister John. I am pleased to meet with you again in a conference capacity. The adversary is abroad in the land, and it is time the line of demarcation was being drawn between crood and evil. Evil communications -- will. corrupt us and ourfamilies2!lSpokeYery strongly against round uanciug, as pemg ex pressly forbidden by the First Presidency of the Lhurch. and asked the co operation pi mothers and heads of families in discountenanc ing it and putting it down; also spoke of the threatened evil ol Having saloons opened in our midst. Exhorted mothers to watch over "We the vouth committed to their care. should watch in the days of our temptation. God will purily H13 people. He whips us in to line. 1 trust the inspiration of the Gospel will lead us aright, and may the peace of God ' . -- -- leave this existence we may leave a good re- cord behind us." ..... Mary Anderson, Prest. of 3rd Ward: "Ifeel almost proud jpf our sisters who take an active part in our ward, although "we, should not. feel proud, still it is a great encouragement. I -- think thefamiHes in times .as the exile-have-ju- a3 st brethren in prison. hard" We don't need to fear our enemies; they can do us no more harm than the Lord will permit." Sister Bigler represented the 2nd Ward. Sister Keller, Prest. of Mantua: "I think we are doing a little good, but we need to do still better. This is a time when we need to live near our God." Sister Watkiiis, Prest. of 4th Ward: "The Lord is overruling all things for our good. When We' do good and. show "kindness to the blessings in return that poor, we alway-rc- ap - are oi more .worm tnan money. be. with us. Amen. core; a to ot the truth celestial mar Prest. David John endorsed the remarks of strong testimony Prest. S moot. Said, "The subjects mentioned riage; felt thankful to have, passed through former persecutions, and hoped to faithfully Reviewed the are of creat importance. pass through the present. liquor question a'nd other subjects. Said, "Let Coun. Olivia Widerborg: "I am not a verv us care tor our poor and feed and clothe them; comfort those who mourn, ana if any are sick proud woman, but I am. proud of my religion," the.. principle of celestial 4and not jtwould h-e- Spokewarraly on feel to praise my Heavenly right and proper that the sacrament be taken marriage. Said, "I Father for my experience in thia.,order; it haa to them." Spoke of the class distinction that Was rearing its head among the people. "The learned me to strive to root out selfishness- - We Lord will not permit it. We must be humble. would not be perfected if we had tlq triah." We are baptized by one baptism; we must love Heported the Scandinavian Society. Bishop Hansen, ot the 4th Ward: "Those and esteem our brethren as ourselves; not by 'words alone, but by works also, anil in minis-terin- g present are enjoying the influence of the Holy to their necessities. It seems to me in spirit, and their hearts are uplifted. There are but few of the human family who have ,theiaee of all our persecutions we have no thi3 time to spare in dances. Let U3 meet often in privilege. The life beyoud is of far more .houses of prayer, and ask God to preserve us worth than the pleasures of this world. The cele.-tim arriage is i n tended as jfrom the power .of our enemies. Let us put pri nciple of the greatest exaltation, but we cannot under iaway our vanity and turn to the Lord, for stand all thiugs inoneday. There is nothing we do there are worse days in store for us yet. Everything that can be shaken will be that gives more comtort than to do good to others in need. If we have done good here on shaken. We will all be tested. We are passing through a crisis that will prove us. No earth, that will follow us; anything else we . power can crush us but our own weakness. All must leave behind. -will result in blessings. these clouds, Sister Perry, Prest. of Three Mile Creek: .My will bless God us that and prayer is, give us "My sisters, I am pleased to meet with you; r ' His Holy Spirit. my health is poor; 1 came to get a blessing." Saint3 to a the life of the Latter-day- . Anna K. S moot made a few remarks in rehigh school, "where they may gain intelligence. gard to the Primary Association. Prest. Mary John felt that the Spirit of the What good we have learned will follow usinto 'Lord had been with us. Said, " We will now eternity, there is nothing that looks more beautiful-tme than to see two wives of one adjourn for three months." Singing, "The into this house together. The time is far spent," etc. Benediction by Prest. husband coming ' ...... i .i iiinave 'to prepare young ana the middle-ageSmoot. " wTomen ot Caroline Daniels, Sec- - - themselves to be able beto teach-th- e the world. Let us kind and helpful to those in trouble. Let us do all in our power BOX ELDER STAKE. to share their trials and comfort themr After singing and benediction, adjourned The Thirty-thirQuarterly Conference of till 2 p.m. the Relief Society of Box Elder Stake 14th of December, 1886, in the Afternoon session: After the usual opening Tfn Cifv tabernacle- at Briodiam &istpr rrmt J f Q HUlUl exercises, Sister Hubbard, Pre3t. of Willard, Snow presiding. After the opening exercises, addressed the meeting: a(l feel to ask the help Ho "Pcf i. uuun au;3c iiuu sum, I- ieei o the Lord, for of myself I am nothing. How thankful we have the privilege to meet once could we change one principle of our holy retnore in a conference 'capacity. I trust we ligion. Our Father has blessed us with so fl !may have the Spirit of the Lord to guide us in many thiugs. No evil will befall the faithful; transacting business pertaining to our duties." ail will be for our good. We who have emThe Secretary being absent, Sister Annie braced the principle of plural marriage have was jWixQm appointed Secretary pro. tern. reason to be humble, as families.. Let us do Minutes of previous conference were read and to others as we would that they should do unto accepted. us. The Gospel never looked more beautiful Susannah P. Boothe, Prest. of 1st Ward, to me than it does now." isaid'L realize we have to 'make an effort in Sifter Harper, of Calls Fort:-- " We' all have meeting together, as well as in other respects. our weaknesses to combat witn. opose u We are living in atime that Ave need all the the principle of nlural marriaare. Said, "Let . teachings we can gather. Let us remember us be united with each other, that we may be our brethren and sisters who cannot be with us ' strong; disunited we are weak. This is a day We can do a great deal of good in cheering for both men and women to prove" themselves.those who are besides doiii We should be verv careful to pray tor our sisgood to the poor. It behooves each and every ters as well as our brethren. I want to live so one of u3to lift up, our prayers early and late as to meet the smiles of my Heavenly Father,, in behalf of the youth of Zion; Sister H. Hunsaker, Prest. of Honey vine. try to "lead them along, but not drive them. T hope we "This kingdom will roll on, whether we follow will not be weary, in well doing, that when we or not. Shall wo enter into plural marriage - , - " , "Minutes of quarterly. conference of the Re- lief Society, of Utah Stake, held Nov..-26t- h; - 188G,- - Prest.- Mary " John presidmgwithher Counselors. Novisitors.presen t. Con ference "openedlAyith the usual exercises of singing and prayer.oAs there were no written reports to be read, the'presidents of the various branches of the Relief Society throughout the county were called upon to give verbal reports. -- ' shewaspleased-to:7me- et with us again, and "although, owing to bad weather, we are few in numbers, the Lord has promised to meet with us, and hence we will claim a blessing. This is a trying time for us. Sometimes there seems to be a dark cloud hanging over us, but then we can see a rift in the clouds and the sun : appears, shining;, Our enemies are on the alert to overthrow us; let us be humble and prayerful. I pray the Lord to bless us, that we may bo worthy of His smiles," etc. .' - -- able-toattend-jneeti- ng3, ; ; al ui-.les- s- - The presidents then gave in their reports, after which Coun. Mariila M. Daniels crave a - great deal of good instruction to the sisters, tiaid, "Straight is the gate and narrow the way that leads to eternal life, but all that work for it will gain it. We do not wish to falter and faitit now, but press on to the end," etc. Sister Moody, from Arizona, made a few remarks, and bore her testimony to the truth of this work, v1 She was followed by Bishop Myron Tanner, who said he was pleased to hear the sisters bear their testimonies to the truth of this work. "There i3 joy in these times; the hand of God is over us for good. We cannot see the cause of these things, but the hand of oppression laid on the parents is doing more to convince our children of the truth than anything else could have done. They are riveting the truths of Mormonism on them," The speaker here recounted some of the. persecutions of Missouri, and .told how he witnessed the mob strike his father on the head, and the effect it had. on him..- The speaker was affected to tears in relating the occurrence, but said, "We are called upon to pass through these ordeals to purify us. Do not let us give way to anger in regard to these things, but bear the cross with humble hearts. Conference adjourned until 2 p.m. Singing. Benediction. Afternoon session opened with singing and Sister Emily G. Cluff, the first speaker, the duties of mothers in regard to of spoke C their children. Thought the mother's iufluence over them wvas" more than the father's. Exhorted the older sisters to speak in Society meetings; as it encouraged the younger sisters, - and gave them confidence in . themselves to -'r:r - . speak. ; , ; . - r--- I - - x-r d d ' he -- : down-hearte- d, - 