TT was thrown from her horse and re and ceived severe injuries. She fell on her head, a blood vessel burst.' causipg partial paralysis. She was at once cpnveyed to the Hospital at for Mussiden, and a London, physician was sent who attended her till herdecease,' which took She remained place on the 3rd of September. ' unconscious from the time of the accident. Mr. Barclay was in this country, andj received the shocking news of his wlfe'sdeath while in Denver, Colorado. He immediately started for New York, and took passage on the steamship Jjrittante, which sailed oh the 21st instant lor Liverpool.'1 "Mrs. Lilian Alice Barclay was the daughter of the late Mr. A. H. Novelli, merchant of Hyde Park. London, and was married to Mr. Barclay in a,, T VOMA N'S. 1 Exponent Editor. EM.VEL.VE H. WELLS, I'nhlMiw! Terms In Salt Lake City, Utah semi-monthl- Associations held their conference, and the Y..L. A Our visit there was a in l, a ofiprnnon. very interesting one, and we found the sistetswho labor there in Societies orSunday Schoolsalive to to their duties and the responsibilities resting upon them id; this important period of tinte. . T T - v copies for the prlcu of nine.. ratt-s- : Each F'jimrc, one time, Kr nKmtlv?space, ' A,lv-r.rtWn- i 0 regular iidvettiM. J. - - tea Jines of nonpareil A - liberal dfccou'nt ' ru. w . second Exponent oOlce, No. Ltf K.,ii&uth'TcnTp!e Street, 10 8.m t News obice,: Business hour from gate east otDcw-rey fc v m. exci pt bwi oA p cry day, . .Address all business cbmnJuiik-iitions- ' t. l'UIfLLSIIEIL WOMAN'S EX.PONENT, Salt LAKt riTV.' Utah.' Salt Lake October i, jbbj. Citv, A'DELIGHTFUL MEETING. The meeting of the sisters, held in the 14th' Ward, on Saturday, September 3rd, was one of unusual interest. The gathering was large. ; After the opening exercises, President M. I. Home gave the time .to the sisters to occupy as they might feel led by the Holy Spirit. Counselor E. Ho war tT was addressing the congregation from the stand, when surprise and joy suddeuly filled everv heart and lighted- up each countenancef This happy effe'et was occasioned by the enteiing, unannounced, of Zion's venerable, honored and beloved Priestess and Poet ess, bister Lviiza K.bnow Smith. This being her first appearance in public since her recovery from the very. severe illness which lately endured, it was no wonder that the hearts of her sis'ers should overflow with unspeakable p'eastire and gratitude at again beholding her in their mid t. Sister Howard closed her remarks, and. by spiraiionthe leader; of the singing started th -; favunte hymn, ; Mrs. Barclay Was a gentle, refined "and accomplished ladyv She was pleased vi'ih her visit to America ard particularly with her stay in Utah. She appreciated everything .connected with the valsettlement.and improvements-- '' made leys, and wondered at the t'ntiring industry and, patient endurance of hardships, women must have experienced in traveling as, they did acrqss the weary desert plains, and undergoing all the p rivations incident to the establishment of anew colony so far from civilization. She manifested a deep .imtrest in these matters in her conversation, and her confidence in the sincerity ofthe people, and their devotion to the r elision y had. embraced was so real, as to convince all who formed her ac 'O, my Father, Thou that dwellcst -In.the.ihigh and glorious place." quaintance that she was one among a thousand of the society wemtn of the day. Such women are Every one sang", and every one wept fears of unlike rare jewels in the midst of the circle in which utterable praise, love and thanksgiving. r they move, and their influence a blessing to all closed. .and Sister Eliza arose and . .. who come within their reach. addressed the delighted congregation at some Mrs. Barclay will be missed, and deeply length in her own clear and distinct voice, and mourned' by husband, relatives and friendsand ca'm, dignified manner. ean never be forgotten ;she'was a woman who drew ' The ubslance of her remarks were, that Zion all hearts towards her.and haying once been known Must be puiified; that the work of cleqnsing will would be distinctly remembered ever afterward not cease until this end is accomp'ished. As indiWe most sincerely sympathize with the bereaved viduals' we must so live that faith may be inhusband and relatives, for we realize what a comcreased withiq us, drawing nearet and nearer to fort and blessing her companionship must have our God day by. day. ' We must not allow ourbeen to those around her, and to her husband, selves to entertain the least hard feelinc towards what a heavy los,s he has sustained. any one, not even our enemies, andlthose who persecute us. FoTTowing President E. R. Snow Smith's reEDITORIAL NOTES. marks, many of the sisters bore testimony of the truth of the Gospel, the goodness, mercy and We have on hand reports from several Stake" of conferences and meetings, that will appear in power cf God, and also of the healing,prophetic and marvelously consoling, gifts with which the " due time. We have Juab, Box Elder, San Juan and others. We have given rather. lengthy prophetess Eliza is endowed. The meeting rwas certainly one 1 to be ever, minutes cf the sisters' conference in Salt Lake, cherished with loving gratitude in the meTffories of s on account of President Eliza R. Snow Smith be -ithose who were so favored as to be present. ng- present, and speaking at each meeting, after her long absence from among the people, because L. G. R. of her delicate health. 1 - OCTOnKKri;. year, 158;, is likely to be the largest conference for many years, one ever if not the most known. Thousands of people from different parts of Utah and adjacent States and Territories are ..expected, and every- preparation is beingmade and business people to ofier induce- TheOctober .Conference cf-th-is -- ; - The'Home Dramatic ments to purchasers. Com- - naiw.mfan..tfvl malrp ilu Thpnf rr- a 'n!f ncahf ft s Art. " lur aniuemenij um inc.-- acvcih Luiiiumtcts pointed to secu7eaccommodations for those' who have not friends in the city, will ensure increased comfort to those who come from ii distance. The meeting of old friends long separated, is one cf the happy features at conference tinve., Salt Lake-hamissed this the last few ears, and if conference dues come twice a year regularly, its haviag been held in other localities of late, makes it an event now seemingly of. more importance, than - formerly. JThere will, no doubt, be a spiritual fast for all those who attend, and this is atime when there seems to be a greater need of the Spirit and power of the Gospel, on account of the varied difficulties under which this people are at preset. t - . laboring. MRS. J. W. BARCLAY rrct wc intlvtf the sTutdeTT result of an accident, of Mrs. J. W. death, a most honorable'and interesting woman, Barclay, and a good and staunch friend of the 'Mormon people. She visited Salt Lake City with her hus band in 1885, and met many of the people here. Mr. J. W. Barclay, her husband.js" a member of Parliament from Forfarshire, Scotland, and his written intellhrentlv and ablv on the ''Mormon" question in popular journals, and has also published a little work seeing forth-hi- s views-an-d opinions touching the subjects considered so unpopular in the great world outside who look upqn the matter with so much dislike and prejudice. Mr. Findlay, who accompanied Mr. ard Mrs. Barclay here, and spent a sho't time in this city with them (guests Of John Young), said once or twice to the writer that' Mr. Barclay ought not to receive all the praiseand credit of writing the very excellent articles in defense of this people, for he knew that Mrs.. Barclay had a large shire in the work, and was in parf the author, She was indeed a very large-heaitand noble-mindethe esteem, and admiration of woman, and Tier while here on a brief visit. those who met She excelled in conversation, and to hear her converse was a privilege; yet she Was hot one to do all the talking, making hefself the centre, but drew others out, and listened with interest and profound respect even to Mormon women.' At the.time of Mrs. Barclay's death she waspajisgJ- a visit to a Kussian lady at Mussiden, Dordagne, France, not far from Bordeaux, in company with her brother, Mr. Philip Novelli, and her sister, Mn. Williams. While out riding oa the 21st of the. ed w-o- d -- -- in-thes- e -- . Th--Rinori- nr 1 - . . . . - v We very gratefully -- acknowledge the gift of some beautiful and delicate ferns, gathered in the woods of New Zealand by one of the missionaries ' -- uro. uavis, ot bouth Cottonwood. They are a most charming variety, and one with a fertile imagination might weave a pretty sketch of the natural scenery of the country just from such hand- some and artistic specimens as those which Sister Elizabeth Davis brought to this office recently i Huugnune may not nave the means or the op- pui tunny to travel, it is always pleasant to be re- tmucicu u une s nienas with little tokens from other countries far away. Many thanks for the re ' membrance. We had the pleasure of attending the sisters' Conference of Juab Stake in company with Sister .E.S. Taylor. The meetings were held in the Nephi meeting house, on Friday and Saturday, the 23rd and 24th of September,and were very enjoyable and very well attended, great interest being manifested in each organization. The first day, Friday, was occupied by the Re'ief Society exclusively, and Saturday morning the Primary - REUNION OF THE PRATT FAMILY. About 200 members, relatives and friends of the families of the late'vpostles .Parley P. and Orson Pratt assembled at the residence of Sister Marion R. Pratt in the 19th Ward, September 19th, in honor of the 76th anniversary of the late Apostle Orson Pratt. There were present representatives from the families of four brothers, viz.: Anson, William D., Parley P.. and Orson Pratt. Among the invited guests were Prest. D. H. Wells, Prest. A. M. Cannon, Patriarch John Smith, Elders A. M. Musser, William Willis, Joseph Bull, Sen., Bishop Frederick Kesler, Sisters E. R. Snow4 Smith, Presendia L. Kimball, Zina D.H.Young,1 Susan S'nively Young, and many others. The spacious lawnwas unounded with double width sheeting, and a large canvas formed an awning over the seats and. platform. The stars. and stripes were waving to the breeze, denoting liberty and freedom. A large American flag fes- tooned the platform, upon which sat an organ, and oa each side stood large poplar trees, from which 