WOMAN'S EXPONENT. supply each table, and their corps of young ladies attentivecourteous and obliging to those at table, with willing hearts and smiling: faces. Bless their. willingness tomake the aged happy, and bless the older sisters who took their part in the heat of the "day to .add to the comfort of the aged in their en- -joymentrWhen all parties were supplied at the table with plenty to eat and drink, an invitation was extended to those 70 to 80 and 90 to go into the Pavilion. The singers gave joy to the hearts of all with their soul inspiring music like the rip pling streams of rivulets. Thanks to their kind exertions to brighten and smooth the rugged paths of .declining years. The Pavilion's stand waThonoredwith the noble, generous and true "men of God,who ever seek the happiness of those in advanced years, from whose lips fell words of inspiration,' that gave new impetus to age, and cheered the tottering step and strengthened the feeble limbsv May blessings rest upon theirlabors of love, and as they have honored their predeces sors so may they be honored. . -- A' variety of presents were given to the oldest ones, such as easy chairs, hats, canes, dress patr terns, collars, brooches and other articles. May the donors never want inbasket or in store May the blessings of safety rest upon the train that tarried those precious ones. Maythat engine re tain its propelling force and perform its mission to carry souls in safety. While seated in the train going north,cake and lemonade was passed around. Returning, candy, lemonade and cake was passed around in plenty for all, and, in fact, there was nothing wanjingjoakjejhe excursionists happy, and their enjoyment complete. Thanks to the Old Folk's Committee, the Governor of Utah, and all who took part in making the old folks feel well and happy. And; may there . be many returns of the days of such jubilees to our worthies who have borne the heat and burden of the day our aged fathers and mothers. A partaker of Salt Lake City and Ogden's do nated bounties. Synopsis. She used to say she "liked" me, because I never "treated her as a child. 1 could not have done so, had I desired; she was more than a child, even in her childhood. It was an intelligent spirit out upon the world through the dear,beauti ful eyes now closed in death. She was as good as she was beautiful." Amiable in disposition, affectionate, with a heart full of sympathy.for the sorrows of others, and a spirit for those she loved, she of sublime was gifted with a magnetic charm, a power of attraction, that drew all souls in her direction. Naturally confiding, to those for whom she cherished friendship or. affection though, silent and secretive when need be, and to many reticent at all times she inspired and drew forth the confidence of others. Her soul was sensitive and refined. She was a ; natural lover of the good, the true and the beauti-ful- r Fond of music, poetry ,and painting, and talented withal, she became their ardent devotee, and, from the treasury of heir heart and mind, brought forth gems ot melody and beauty. Her voice in song was like the music of murmuring waters, sinking or swelling in its deep tenderness, like the rise and fall of.a gentle billow.. She was a child of faith, a daughter of religion. Her aspirations were spiritual. Her dreams were from the flaming forge of insparks of prophecy ' 21 Let us hope she gained that experience th cream of which comes by suffering the education for which" she left her eternal home, to learn, in life's mortal school, lessons not to be. learned ' elsewhere. Farewell, Louie That all is well with thee, no one will doubt who knew vthee. God called thee home; thy soul is in His keeping; thy future in the hands of Him who "doeth all things well!" May we meet before the Father's throne,. to renew, in realms of rest and happiness, the'tender ties that bound us together here, and linked in chain imperishable our immortal spirits, ere Time's5 billow rolled uoon the ocean nf EtprnitvJ J nr mir little lives were launched forth like bubbles that gleam and burst upon the bosom of the wave. A brother's hand lays this brief tribute upon O. F. W. thy bier. , - that-looke- self-sacrifi- ce d . . ! , , V ; MASS CONVENTION, eAia UKK THEATRE. - ' ; In accordance with the call from the Terri tnrial Central Committee the fifirnna Vt Ik? county assembled en masse in the theatre, at 12 m. The building was well filled. Col'. J. R. Winder Chairman of the Ter." Cen. Com. called the assembly to order, and nominated 1 spiration. Hon. James Sharp as Chairman. Mr. Sharp Her's was the poet's temperament; her's likewas elected with applause. He thanked the wise the poet's dual doom the power to feel inaudience, and stated that sovereign statehood tensely, joy or sorrow, pleasure or pain. was the object of the movement. Hon. F. S. There are souls so sensitive, so refined, so deli-- . Richards moved that a secretary ,two vice presicately organized, that to them an unkind word is dents and an assistant secretary be elected. equal to a blow; the prick of a pin almost equivaThe following gentlemen were nqminated and Such souls seldom linger lent to a dagger-thrus- t. sustainedbv vote of the meeting. Jndrr "R long in mortality; the tension is too great; though . oraun, oecreiary, Mayor Armstrong, the delicate strings,' while they last, upon these Vice First President, Hon. C. D. Brinton human harps, oft fill the 'world with immortal Second Vice President, H. G. Whitney, Assistharmony. Save .God give" added strength, they ant Secretary. Prayer was offered by Bishop cannot long endure the rough sweep of the- world's 0. F. .Whitney. The iand played, Hail and shattered harsh hand; tuneless they perish, Columbia: H. G. Whitney read the Call for to that that the Convention, and Hon. John T. Caine, with spiritual life, passing efarly higher dewhich fitted seen! best and some they spherefor that a com appropriate remarks, moved ' seven ct be mittee annomted signed. hv fUMVt VUUll bJ 11 It is always sad when a young life dies. The select names to be placed before "J the Con vention death of the aged is as the setting sun, the day's er delegates. The Chairman named as Com. -and and toil heat being over, weary nature sighing 'on Norn.: Hon. John 1Y Caine. Col. TV J. for rest ; or, as the falling of the tree which has Webber, J udge Adam Spiers, Dr. H. J. Faust borne its last fruit, put forth its final blossom, and A. E. Hyde, j. iioiman. u. &. Ulawson-an- d After the Committee lad retired, speeches whose withered, sapless trunk is already crumbwere called for, and the following ling to decay. But when a youthful spirit takes gentlemen its flight, it seems more like the sun's eclipse, ere responded tdlhe call by briefly addressing the assembly: Hon. F. S. Richards, Le Grande reaching the zenith of its years; or like the prema Young, 0. F Whitney, J. F. Wells, J. H. ture blighting of the Mree, just budding forth in Moyle, R. W.Sloan and Andrew .Tenonn. strength and beauty. Hon. F. S. Richards said the object of the This is the mortal view. But a higher than man convention had been fully, stated. His heart is the Judge. We can not doubt His wisdom, was in the measure, and his soul was full of question His mercy, or sit in judgment upon His patriotic pride in the oldest and most populous justice. Nor, Till we rise above the clouds that Territory coming forward' and asking recognioverhang us here, and reach the summit of the tion in the Union! For more than 37 years bright hereafter, can we see clearly the mysteries the parent government had partially borne the now hidden from our iview. Some time we shall expenses of the Territorial government. :It. ' know all. was tneir sincere desire and moral duty to step forward and assume their own responsibilities. Then be content, poor heart "But not God's plans, like lillies, pure and white unfold, The Territory was now able to tale her own close-shleaves apart, We mustfnot tear the part. Several tinie3 had she asked for admis- Time will reveal the calyxes of gold." sion,,but never were her prospects as bright as tadayThe-chang- e would brin Louieylelns believehad'finishecrhenifehaor and responsibilities. These will be conditions fulfilledher mortal mission. She suffered much, such a3 the- - youth receives on attaining his .. and had much of joy,in"the few,brief years allotted The additional responsibilities would majority. her; and perchance, by reason of , her sensitive na- -' be more than compnsated for by the powers to and was able feel, capacity ture,Jher power Statehood was to Territorial 7 and advantages. limited in a what to'acquire, period, many might" as mature mannood to irrewa3 government ' to obtain. Time and years long linger experience sponsible childhood. Utah had outgrown her are not synonyms. condition of infancy, and wa3 prepared to take her part in the national government the great"A thought est government on earth.- - Every additional A slumbering thought is capable of. years, state gave greater power and prestige to the And curdles a long life into one hour.'' nation. The end of the nation's growth was "We live in deeds, npt years; in thoughts, not breaths; not yet; it would be as much greater as was the la feelings, not in figures on a dial." nation greater today than 100 years ago. There . . - t , - -- 5 - SOME DAY. Someday I shall be dead; Some day this tired head, With all the anxious thoughts it now doth know, Shall be laid low. This body, ill, Shall lie at length, and still, Under the clover and the wind-swe- -- pain-racke- d, . grass, pt Nor hear you pass. ' That were indeed strange sleep: When even you might weep And come and go even you unheard of me ' As bird or beet Nay, sweetheart, nay! believe There is no cause to grieve; One so wayworn, so sore opprest, Is glad to rest. . ' - Perchance when that release Hath wrought its spell of peace, O'er this unquiet heart long vex'd with woe Hearts-eas- e may grow. to-da-y. Who loves me will not weep When that I lie asleep, But rather joy to think such sorrow may Have end some day. . . ut Helen Hufrr. . LOUIE. I loved her as a love a sister such indeed she seemed and in her eyes I was almost as a brother. t I had known her from childhood, and in our hearts there dwelt a mutual sympathy. There was, an affinity between us, enabling each to realize the other's feelings, and. though a rulf of vpars di vided us, it was spanned by an arch of congenial ana wuugm emotion. brother-mig- ht I 