........... " ' - The Rights of the Women of Zion, and the Rights of the framed Vol. 15. SALT LAKE CITY," UTAH, MARCH 15, 188 For the Exponent. Woman's joys how well ye tell them; woman's griefs, how well ye know! , Woman's wrongs, how ye repel them, by the light of truth ye throw. Childhood's sweetness how beneath your artist pens its UNDER THE. APPLE, TREES. My love, this" orchard shade is full Of breathing thoughts of hee; 'Keath every overreaching bough Thyface I almo st see. : ' Twas here we met and" sweetly talked, 'Twas here we came and gladly walked,1 . In the shadeVf these apple trees v ; bright hues shine; Humanjife and human loving ' , Thy welcome presence liveth near, ' Just only out of reach; I catch, inaudible,' but clear, The spirit of thy speech; I stand beside thee once again, Apart from sorrow, fear or pain, , As I lean on this apple tree. ' " - I who never can attain to thine high place, How coulci I so poor, unworthy, lacking all thy glorious . graceV Think to meet thee and to win thee for a friend by might of love, In a sphere where I shallorily find how far thou art above? know, whatever may betide In this world dim and low, Our souls shall yet be satisfied " With Jove like a river's flow; And so good night, my love, till when Elsewhere or here we meet again. Good night, ye dear apple trees. ht - Words could tell thee aught but that on earth my love j was truly thine. " A GOLDEN WEDDING. . . . . " e glory lies. . There are in the United States 2,647,157 women who earn their own living. Of this number 2,242,2526 classed in the Glenwcod, Utah, March 6,. 1887. How these words awaken a train of thoughts, and stir the emotions oLthe soul, "t ltty years MRS. HEMANS AND MRS. BROWNING. ago" the wedding ;.bells rang, and the solemnwords, "until death doth part,", were proDear friends, for so I hold ye here, in high and holy nounceci. HOW orignt me juiure seemeu w thought, those young hearts! and yet were they only How do I love to soar afar "to heav'n on your bright "for this life? For a time, perhaps, they joined wings! thought so; but when the glorious principles Mine own fall dull and heavily.but your sweet songs have of .truth were unfolded to their honest hearts, ' brought ' a second time they stood before the altar. 0, Unto a faltering, struggling heart a glimpse of lovelier how beautiful the words sounded! "for time things, and all eternity." How dare I say I love ye, when I fear from your high But I wished to tell you of a pleasant, social places party we had in celebrating a golden wedding Ye mitrht smile, as half in scorn, at a mortal's vanity. in our little town of Glen wood, the first,:! be-- " Still I love y eJloejeJrulyJ Jh an king, heaven..for. your. J lieve, that ever occur redjiere. 1887: tFe family On the 26th of February. graces, Sent id gladden earth with flowers, breathing heavenjs and friends. of. Brother and Sister Powell, more own purity. familiarly known as Grandpa and Grandma I'owell. . we were mvitea 10 supper u, u p.m., Flow'rs immortal have ye' scattered, planted deep in fertile. at the residence of Brother E. Payne's. As ' .? soil; . we entered the room, what a beautiful Bight Error deep have ye combated," truth and love reward your met our eyes, not only were the tables groaning toil; with delicacies, but a towering wedding-cakTruth and Love have been .your watchword, wreathed in was placed in the centre of the table, the top flow'rsof chastest dyes; decorated with wax orange blossoms, and a In your a names round a there your paths encircled springs gladness; motto, "God bless the aged pair," ' WORKING WOMEN. Ruby Lamont. LUELLE - s -- Then, dear friend, I thall be satisfied, for well I know that heaven . Is more merciful and kind, more full of love than earth can be; And though-- 1 never may be great, the light which God hath given if ay", light my path enough to find the heav'n that shelters thee. ; hand-shaking- e Still, let me go on dreaming though the dream may. be illusive, That in heaven I shall meet theeand shall clasp thine hand in mine, 7 love-ligAnd the in mine eyes shall beam so hright that ' no delusive I - and good wishes were" offered the bride and groom. Dancing was inl dulged in until ten o'clock, when the large wedding cake was brought in, placed upon a stand in the centre of the hall, and the aged pair seated beside it. After .remarks by Bro. A. Heppler, who spoke of their many good works and faithfulness, which had endeared them to all present, a company of young ladies sang, "Will you love me when I'm old?" The cake was then distributed to about one hundred and sixty-fivpersons. While passing it, "Dear heart, we're growing old," was sung, and as we watched the tears glisten ia the eyes , of the aged pair, we , feft that their thoughts were of long, long ago. as Dancing-wagain : resumed, and the young and old danced together. Every face bespoke joy and happiness; care and the Edmunds-Tucke- r Bill were forgotten, for God's people know in whom they trust. At 12 p.m. we dis--. persed, feeling that it was a time long to be remembered. T LOUISANNA HePPLER. Many " Yellow could I? , p - dieamed. know the angels hovered near This Eden bower of rest, And smiled, and lowly bent to hear" The holy thoughts expressed, And treasured them, my king, my love, To- place on record lrightrabever As we talked 'neath these apple trees. , gratefuiaV-knowledgments- - I . - . Dear Felicia, child of sorrow, child of hve'and purity! 7 How in days of girlish dreaming was my soul enwrapped in thee. Type of all things sweet and tender, bright and pure thy high verse seemed. r Still meeting ee in heaven with the glad my spirit . The whispering leaves to me repeat The precious words you said; The hops we cherished, pure and sweet, Their olden radiance, shed And happy' memories wake and smile, As here I rest a little while' ' In the arms of this apple tree. -- . gold -- How entrancing is your story, how divinely is it told! Joy it were to sit a listener, lowly, meekly at your feet, Rut for one short hour, in breathing from your lips thg music sweet. , ' J' . how ye make it all divine! ' No. 30. around them. . Soon the bride and groom arrived, somewhat surprised. After hearty congratulations, we weTe seated, the stalwart, healthy sons aud daughters placed near and around them, How their hearts must have rejoiced to think thry, all were faithful to the everlasting Gospel. The whinnered "Father, the eldest "daughter, "we have mother,1'-b- y made ; you a- few presents," mentioning them one by one, "and litre is a small wedding cake sent you by a young sister." The and "God. bless you all!" caused a tear of love to fill each eye. After supper it was announced that we should adjourn to the laxge.Co-oHall, where all the adults, young men and maidens of the town were gathered to do honor to the occasion. How ye soar on wings of glory, how ye play on harps of ' Thy footstep seemetV still to fall ,, Upon my listening e$rs That same dear voice my name to call, I almost, almost hear. O throbbing heart, one moment stiH Cease, hreeze, my eager ears to fill By rustling these apple trees. . of all Nations. following, occupations: laborers,mainIy agricul-- " tural, mill operatives, seamstresses, domestic servants, and teachers with the exception of the last the most menial and worst paid of em- ployments. In any of these industries it would be a low estimate to say that the Bupply of workwomen is ten times greater than the demand. This statement will be amply corroborated by the experience of any establishment which employs women in large numbers, or by the personal experience of any one who seeks the services of a workwoman in any of these capacities. Thus we find a social condition, which, while obliging nearly 3,000,000 women to depend up- on their own exertions for a livelihood, offers them, a field of labor so circumscribed as to afford employment for not more than one tenth of the number. Enormous overcrowd- mg, nerce competition, auu a consequent un due pressure upon wages must necessarily fol-- t low 'such a state oi things. The five .industries mentioned contain the following number of women: laborers,' 600,080; mill operatives, 152,163; domestic servants, 334.025; teachers, 154,- -' 938,91 Those classed as laborers are chiefly 375 in the Southern States, and include, of found, course, a large number of negro women, although the sight of white women working in . J -- 