WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 22 CwactiKlo -tRichards. After singing, prayer was offered, in uc muu their power and sometime and the minutes of xcnt nn frnpr. more loval or more patriotic peo by Prest. L. W. Shurtliff, believed .that time The speaker demand. here renresented They nlft than those his the previous conference were read and accepted. welcomed bo would Utah bad come, and that ehculd demand equal rights acd equal responsiPrest. Jane S. . Richards said she was very had Her States. people of sisterhood euuum anu a number intothe bilities with their lellow citizens, should be much pleased to see so goodlyGod was and char be a would that qualification, constitution here of every neccessary bring both a ask it would be present, for she felt the Spirit If door. they to found atlthe ail. to all who ter of equal liberty and would be richly given to them. be will Banit "The-Staknock opened Spangled civen' if they The band played, to the sought for it through faith and prayer." Was next responded H. Esq., Moyla, Jemes ' Sister Zina D. If. Young UC( born in Utah s vales, an delighted to have Le Grande Young was then called for and call Harriet Snow,Preident of K. fc. Boi privilege and Sister said he was heartily in accord with the present American'citizen. There was nohonor.--ThCf L,iaer tO. wnu - us ni'anij.ttijw movement." Ever since he had been old enougb- updnwhich he looked with greater us tfith fied to have Sister Herriek again after results of the labors of those who founded to understand the difference between a Terri hoi Inner flhsPntffi from our midst, and trusted the latter desired so great that she was now en- had he Statehood were and Utah great, tory that all would accept and appreciate the good, condition, and he knew that w the sentiment f if led to statehood. There were elements ot counsel these sisters may impart. cf the great maiorityof the people, many of disunion here as well.as elsewhere, but these whom nad Deen anxiously wisniugmur ijuo jooi. were such as were natural, to humanity. Utah for all good, and to live only for the upyears ago the people, of had within her borders the. resources to make forty years. Thirty-ninbuilding of His Kingdom here on earth. If her one of the greatest of the States in the Union. wa Utah, then called Deseret, lrameaa constituto he- filled with His Snirit meh uv w v had tiM J tion and asked admission. This was before a Now, on the approach, of the nation's natal bur prayers would be surely answered. territorial . government was formed, . and the day,. there was the opportunity to move forPrest. L. W. Shurtliff felt to rejoice in meetthe liberty commemorated on that day. ward feeling then was as patriotic as it could pbpsibly ing witE"he sisters always, and was truly proud be The first thing the Pioneers did inMav the people uuite in celebrating the birth and. good works which they are dicated their true feelings. They came to this of this the greattst and freest of the nations of. of the great gT Referred to some interConstantly-achievinland then in a foreign state, and raised the the earth. remarks which he heard Apostlo F. D. stars arid stripes. The constitution they then Robert W. Sloan was called for and said he esting Richards make in regard to the sisters visiting adopted was worthy of support knew of nothing that could be urged against those who are cold and indifferent a? punctually, O. 1 Whitney - was - then called, and wa- - statehood for Utah. He did not believe there who are sick, for by so doing untold greeted with cheers and applause. He said the was anything of that nature. He was heart as those would be accomplished. Prayed God's call was totally unexpected, for he was not a and soul in the movement, and would support good '. , blessings to rest upon all. political speaker. He realized, however, that it with all his power. Here was the foundation Sister Zina D. .Young asked jm interest in ; he would be jcreant to his position as an of a State - that - would be the peer of any American citizen, if he faijed to respond. He that 'now bore A great the faith and prayers of all present. Spoke of.', that title. 'was no orator, but he could at times speak his commonwealth had been built up by those who the Prophet Joseph Smith and some of his and glorious teachings to the sisters in mind and place before his hearers his sentiments came to Utah in days, for the good of grand early tne eanyscenes oi tne unurcn. oaia, as on the things that lay next his heart. One of who should benefit by generation, therpresent .Government : us hisfavorite themesywasthe"beautyrand glpryx)f it. He wanted thT ean rights"6 recog' with freedom the on and the institutions of America. He loved 'them nized in the Constitutidn. fverjTnTan perfect pure He believed Utah the of with his whole heart. He was a descendant of would be Gave a pleasGospel." admitted, but whether she was or holy principles those-whoGod raised up to found some of ing account of her. attendance at the reunion of would . know they were right, not, her this government, and he was in hearty unison and that people President HeberC Kimball's family. Felt the right would win. ultimately with any movement inspired of 'God to secure Andrew Jenson, Esq.-- , said his feelings were that these days are the best we have yet seen in" this great government raised up to in our rights on earthrand if we could banish from our accord with the movement. He had been benefit the human race. It would be a slander born in a midst the spirit of we would then foreign land, and when, in his boy on the Almighty to $ay there was any intention " know perfect happiness, and more nearly behe read of the great republic of America, hood, His heart to limit these blessings to any in come as the Son of Man. Prayed that the it filled his heart with joy. . Many of the peohandful of people or any one nation. Princiteachers might continually be filled with the ple of Utah had come from the Scandinavian are foundation their in eternal, ples having Spirit of God, and speak words of wisdom to nations; but they were not Scandinavians toHim, who is the father, inspirer and the probut American citizens, honest and true. all whom they might visit. tector of. the good, and pure and patriotic day, Elder D. H. Peery said the time was when They expected to remain American citizens This flb nation's of are everywhere. he firmly believed the reaphings nd teachers principles e-could and to sustain American-institutio- ns. leaven desti ofjLhis Church were all wrong, but. through not be silent in thi3 great movement, clay which -- we- call mother earth. the faith and Every of his wife, all himself to support it. movement for liberty, every shackle stricken .ideas these were Hon. J ohn T. Caine, of the committee on changed- Knew the hearts off was a step in the purpose of the Almighty of as a rule, are purer and nearer womankind, submitted the following report: nominations, for the emancipation of the human family. God than are those of men. 'Through' our The Com. on nom. submitted the following James Russell Lowell, an American poet and union list of .named', of Delegates to the Constitutiononly will all malice be overcome, and statesman, had. voiced the speaker's sentiments, our prayers would we attain unbounded and the sentiments of every patriot. Says he: al Convention to be held in . the City Hall on through Thursday, J une 30, to represent Salt Lake success." Spoke of the great danger of our "Is tnie freedom but to break sops and daughters marrying those not of our Uounty. Fetters for our own dear sake? faith. "If we are indifferent to and rebellious James Sharp, WmT Riter, John T. Caina with leathern hearts forget. And, Samuel P. Teasdel, Franklin S. Richards, Le against those things which we know God has That we owe mankind a debt? Grand Young, Elias A. Smith, Richard Howe, revealed, He will surely bring us low and humNol True freedom is to share L. S. Hills, John Clark, Samuel Bennion, An' ble us to do His will." All the bains our brothers wear, Sister Harriet Snow, Stake President of Box drew Jenson, Francis .Armstrong, Feramorz And with heart and hand to be Elder County Relief Society, was pleased to Little, Junius F. Wells, John R. Winder. Earnest to make others free. meet her sisters in this county, but felt her inaYour committee also suggest the following alternates to act in the event of a failure of bility in speaking to them. Desired to" be ' "They are slaves who fear to speak, any of the principals. humble, meek and pure before God, so as to For the fallen and the weak; , JamesH. Moyle,John C.Cutler.O. F. Whit- discern the whisperings of the still small voice, They are slaves who will not choose and thus be enabled to overcome fear and Hatred, scoffing and abuse, ney, Thomas W. Jennings. On motion, the report of the committee Rather than in silence shrink was the many trials we are called to pass through. From the truth they needs must think; adopted, there being but one vote inthe nega-a- ll Prayed for the spirit of peace and union to be were elected. They are slaves who dare notbe with all the societies in every ... county and ward In the right, with two orthlree." The c1rosing, in thi3 land. was offered by President a Pyer Sister Sarah Herrick was au, uannon. "The speaker invoked the blessing of the "Al very thankful to The be h. then associated crave movements all assembly for with again the thrpp. upon mighty bettering could not half appreciate the of the condition, of the human family. May for the new State of Utah, and dispersed. society and symGod defend the right and overrule this action of brethren pathy pur andsisters until we are for our good and His own glory! deprived for a time of the same. Desired to Junius F. Wells, Esq., came forward in R. 8.. Y. L. M. 1. A. & P. A. REPORTS. , live righteously before the Lord, and thereby answer to calls from the audience. He felt gain His approval and blessings. WEBER STAKE. Elder Maycock felt that an individual interdeeply the importance of the step being taken for the emancipation of the est should be taken in the different people of The quarterly conference of the Relief SoorganizaUtah. In times past the applications tions of this Church, and a of the ciety of the Weber Stake of Zion of love and spirit was held in be peoplefor admission, made on five occasions cultivated in charity our midst Prayed the Ogden Tabernacle, Thursday, June .were passed by. But the people had 16th, bods blessings to rest all the 'sisters in grown 1887,uuder the direction of President Jane S upon len abundance, and to give them renewed V to-da- y. . to-da- y, r , He-hadbee- - r e e vv w tn-da- v . ' to-da- y. to-da- y. -- . w cbied fault-findin- g -- -- nedo-leamrtbebolel- -H- umo and-pledg- ed long-sufferin- g -- . ; -- , to-d- ay . i 