WOMAN'S EXPONENT 134 -- belongs to the female species, but she should be distinguished from the female species of lower orders of animals by the proper desig nation. A female may be a cow, a cat, a dog or a lioness; a -- woman is neither: hence the pross ignorance iranlied in the popular miaa- o.bet us have done witn plication of the word of our. beautiful language, such, debasing use and call people and things by their proper naoies: it is quite the most important dusi ness that mothers and teachers can engage in. The next generation will be ashamed of some of our solecisms, even it we are oblivious or The ; Woman 8 our linguistic shortcomings. v -- . . World.,- - i. A. REPORTS.- - & P. A LUSA, 80CORO CO., N. M. " Editor Exponent: Thinking, perhaps, a few lines from this ' as one. isolated place might be received with welcome 1 We have many blessings bestowed upon us thought 1 would drop you a letter. . .We are fe in number but are trying to through fasting and prayer; felt to acknowledge , live our religion.. Our Relief society was or- - the hand of the lmd in all thTngsaYdTpyayed 7 trsLn'ireA . .Tun. 7th 1M4. wif.h Sister Rlirahfith for wisdom and faith to do right. H. Swapp as President, and Sisters Maitha By request of the President Sister Bingham Williams and Martha C. Swapp as Counselors. then presented Julia A. Child a3 a second Sister Williams - being called to Old Mexico counselor to bister -- Russell. She was unani Sister Gertrude Reynolds was called to fill her mously sustained. Sister Marian Mitchell thought the selection place. We are trying to do all the good we Ift.tlp. harm thnncrh rmr means arp. I ofa cou nselor was a fan nnrl-n.ray ed limited and we are in a scattered condition. be dictated the President might earnestly that Our meetings are generally pretty well atchoose Lord to the the proper one to fill that by v tended and a good spirit prevails. place. We have been called upon to part with on'e A quotation from a poet was forced upon of our members, Sister Eveline Lee, whoHe-parte- d her mind to the effect that "We will not only this life the 2nd of this month. She be held accountable for every idle wordjbut was a latthtul member and .Latter-dabaint also for every idle silence." We are idle and bure a strong testimony to the truth of sometimes when we should speak and this-is-- th thi3 work. She leaves" a husband and thee case especially in our meetings. We should small children and a host of friends to mourn rise and of God's "goodness to us. May her loss. The Exponent is a wejcome visitor the Lordspeak bless us both in meetings and at and we look artxionslr for its cominc home. , Ever praying for the welfare of Zion, I Sister E. V. Thompson thought the previwill close. ous speaker had opened a good subject for all. Your sisters in the Gospel, We should watch our children and families "V Elizabeth H. Swapp, Prest. and when we see them doiug something that Emeline R. Baldwin, Sec. is not right we should rebuke them, and not remain silent when we see that we should Y. L. M. I. A., RIVERDALE. speak. We can do so in a mild and gentle The Young Ladies' conference" convened at way, thought there were times when even the Ri? ersdale, Dec. 2nd 1886. President Russell best of us needed rebuke. We should all try to The usual with sustain our Presidents and thought the counpresiding. meeting opened exercises of singing, and prayer. The proselor a good one, and felt to sustain her in her gramme was as follows: A Song by Annie labors Stratton and Lizzie Stimpson; the Young Sister McDonald bore her testimony to the Ladies', Instructor.our manuscript paper, by truth of this work; was well pleased with the the editor, Julia Child, Essay, entitled "Watch. choice of a counselor and thought the Presiand rray, by iSellie Child; bong by Jes3ie dent had been dictated by the Lord to choose her. Prayed that we might all be united as Bingham. President Russell stated that onp. imnnrtant. one. Sister H. A. Child felt as though the Lord had object of the meeting was to select a second counselor in the place of our former one, who dictated the choicef a counselor; wa3 thankful had lately been united in matrimony and had that she had a daughter hat was worthy to ask an interest in hold the position, and was willing to do all changed her abode. Felt-tthe faith and prayers of all. present that she in her power to help the young people along; might be dictated by the Spirit of the Lord to wished to give them all the chance while choose the right one, and one that would be young, to prepare themselves to hold responsiacceptable to all. Had fasted "and prayed ble positions. Said that God had'blessed her considerable that the Lord would make known In her family, and felt a desire to see all her to her one, whom she should choose, and brothers and sisters do right, and prayed that that her been had answered the of the Lord thought would bless all with prayers Spirit and that the Lord had blessed' this obedience, felt to counsel all in righteousness.. Did not wish to do anything of Bro. Olmstead, Bro. Dye, Bro .George knowledge. herself but felt to DUt hertnist in th srA- - Thompson each made interesting remarks. f. wa tho for. ihisreason he-fel II nf Sister Sarepta Child bore her testimony to the Lord 4o select the one on whom she had cen- - the work we are engaged in; thought the ... t terea ner mma; saia we will all receive great counselor that had been chosen was the nVht she had always set a good blessings through fasting and prayer. one as example for Counselor By bee felt thankful-fo- r the priviothers.' , lege of meeting with the sisters, and syd we Sister Bingham made1 a few remarks conhad the Spirit of the LJrd in our midst. If cerning our religion. We must obey all the we wm continue to last ana tne laws of God. and especially the smaller ones Uordwill pray wise-pne;8b.e-ha- y . o her-wit- t-t- hnt-i -s- '. h d - the-Lor- . R. S., Y. L. M. and climb the ladder by degrees and not expect to leap over all the smaller reauiremenfo and then hope to live in the highest ordinances and enjoy the highest blessings. Gave many exhorted all to obey the good instructions-ancommands of God. She- was - then blessed miu iuc gnu ui wuguco, vjiowrr X1...A. Uulld in part,.Coun. Bybee giving the interpretation r j ji giving tne remamuer. i to iuvu iuiiucu auu wuu. f j was Parker unanimously sustained as First Counselor to Prest. Russell. 'Polly Child was sustained as Secretary for the association. frnm tKo XPc,:,! After a -fpw rlnsin Oor remarks " ICBlUCIll and singing the conference was adjourned for six months. The benediction was pronounced by Mary Dye. Eliza W. .Child, Cor. Sec. continue to bless us with His Spirit and to strengthen us. "Gave God the praise for all blessings and for His Holy Spirit; and felt as though we were all anxious to hear, the word of the Lord spoken unto m. Desired that we might be firm and faithful to the end. . , Sister Edna Stimpson "said "she was weak d of herself and without the Spirit of she was unable to accomplish anything.. Had., received many - blessings from the Lord for which she felt thankful. Hadprayed that our President might be inspired of the Lord, to chose a counselor. Sister Martha Bingham said that she desired to live so as to merit the blessings of God. If we neglect praying to God for His Holy Spirit to guide U3 we will be apt to fall. The Lord desires us to be faithful and to doaway with all little evil thoughts and practices; and we must try to be pure and honest and strive to overcome all our weaknesses, and be united in all things. Desired that the Spirit of the Lord would enable us to see eye to eye and be -- WOxMAN'S VOICE. i nave many times wisnea x could write to the Woman's Expo." pur valuable periodical t i i i x j auu nave uceu auviocu iu UO 80, Cut when I think of the good and able correspond- no vo - ickn no no Kuan ir tVa (ln..l. HO' on fa wo UUr II VUW v, VliUIUU uu?v ivvu iu and three and a half long, myself only years feel do I not that I ought to place myself amongst them, and perhaps take up the room of those who could write so much better than I can. I am not in a position to subscribe for 1 the ExroNENT-but-- as it comes to the house whereii live I generally see it, and an article in the last, " What to do with your Exponent," induced me to write a few. lines to endorse what was there written with regard to sending them to friends at a distance, r ' It is true the sisters do not know what good they might do by sending copies of the paper to their friends. I was living in England when I received the Gospel, and I have not forgotten the feeling of pleasure which thrilled in mv: bosom when hv airre r.hanne I met with the"WoMAMs Exponent. No matterhow busy I was the work was immediately laid down and not taken up again until every word of the paper was read. If it came near meal time, no food was eaten until it was disposed of, and I can testify the same of myt sisters with whom I was acquainted. They are glad of anything referring to the Gospel, but this little paper is a special favorite. I trust the hint will be taken and that no one will ever destroy the Woman's Exponent. Mary Y. Corby. ii V It is true that we live in a great and a momentous age, an age that" is pregnant with great events. We often think, as Latter-daSaints ought to, are we preparing ourselves for these events as they transpire? heme are ana some are not. Tis true there are a great many things to try and test the Saints at the present time what kind of mettle we are made of we realize this each one for herself to a great ex- y tent. We know if we prove refractory we shall have to be thrown back into the mill again and be ground over to make us more pliable to the master workman's hands as we have heard Brother Heber C: Kimball speak about many times. We talk a great deal about persecution; well we think we all have as much of it as we well can bear with fortiy tude andresignation to the will of our Father. It's a legscy the Master left us. ; He said all those who live Godly in Christ Jesus must suffer persecution for so they did to him. Some think and say, too, are we always to be persecuted and afflicted because we do and dare believe in and practice plural marriage, and are trying to govern ourselves under all circumstances according to the laws given by the Lord of heaven and earth. All.these that do not live according to the princi. Hea-venl- 