WOMAN'S EXPONENT. making out reports. Invoked the "blessin" and peace of heaven upon all. Coun. James H. Hart said, ''Such admonition and instruction as we have heard must certainly make impressions; upon' "our to to-a- y minds." 'Spoke'- of the- - blessings; wc as a peo-pl- e enjoy; also.tosome extent on intemperance. cannot enter the kingdom of "drunkard "A heaven. Le't us do the work which we have to He who wai ts to in all commanded is be a slothful ser-things wno "Ue Knoweth vant. the Father s will and doeth it. not shall be. beaten with man v " Said he stripes.' always "enjoyed" the ladies' as a kind and good spirit "pTevailsT conference, Conference adjourned for six months. Sinn ing, "Nearer Home.". Closing ;prayer offered f. by rest. Win. liutlge. - oavith-singlenessifJiea- rt. " . r . - . Julia P. Lindsay, Trest., Elizabeth Pug mi ue, Sec, N. E. Hunt, Cor. Sec.'pro tern. LEAVES FROM MY JOURNAL. 143 and: bleached bythe elements until they look juite picturesque.' We stop, for dinner, ami 15 ro. i rice gets us some tea. The men of our drink party water, but we old ladies feel as we must have a little tea to refresh us though alter being broken of our rest so much, and the continued racket and of the train is jar. very wearisome to our nerves. It is not but is still cloudy We see ice' and snow by the bank of a creek. The country is wild and mountainous. '2:40, we pass Chatau-iue- , the Take of which is frozen over. The ' sun is shining We "expected to change Jamestown, &;. cars here for Niara. but thev tell us if mi stop to see the Falls we will have, to stay all night there, so -- we go on .to'Ne.w York The country is still- mountainous, aiukthe hills are nearly, covered with snow. We see" but little 'stovk, and very few children. .1' p.m. They have given us ."a special car, and we pickup .our. things atid move again. -- We feel more at' home and less. open to criticism. We are pass-inthrough Jt'he oil regions of Pennsylvania. We have got through ; Sunday, April 19. -- a ho t he r n ight I th ink is the one we have, spent.. We stop at Jersey City..- Our jou rney is done, and we are well' satisfied to leave the cars. Bro.'Hart meets us in the waiting room; he is the emigration agent,, and has come to show us the way to our stopping-place- .. Mrs, Nelson and I walk a around little, and try to look out of , the window to see what things look like in our new 'quarters. When .ve come back the company have gone, vanished like a dream, and we are left alone. Shut in by iron gates, we cannot see out, nor look after our friends to see which way they have gone. It makes us feel rather queer, but the man at the ticket office tells us there will be a boat there in fifteen miuutes.-W- e meet a young man of our company who has waited for, us, which is somewhat soothing nerves. The boat i.cym.ei. presently, and the crates are onened. We 20 on board and cross the river. Mr. Hart is waiting for us,;vhe rain-mg'no- ---- --- f g J.' TANNER. -- " Continued. Saturday, April 18th. We met some, mis sionaries at Chicago who had come by. the U - P. R. among whom is a Mrs. Nelson. She" and I took a bed in the sleeper, but we prefer our seats in the other car among our friende; we felt so isolated. We knew that everything was so completed, organized and protected, that we must be perfectly safe, yet we could not , help feeling nervous. We are in Ohio this morning. It still rains--, and everything looks so dreary water standing over the ground for miles. We pass through a great deal of timbered country, such tall, straightlrees and very little underbrush. We pass some pretty farms, but see no one stirring, and no sign of spring. The land - so hill v that irrigation would be quite out of th: of us in the question. There are forty-ninR-- , i.- e have most of the time; then we attend our votion night and morning. .Rishop Price de- offered prayer this morning. ' -, Akron, 8:35. A flue city, with pretty residences in the suburbs. We can judge but very little of the main city, as we go in between two rows of cars, aud we can only catch a glimpse down some of the"streets. The majority of the Houses that we see are frame, but we pass some We' large,, .substantial looking brick houses. Bass immensfi vards of tile for draining the land, and the countrv looks as though it was needed. Now we pass miles of rail fence; we. uever see sucn in utan. At Kent we were requested to go in another car, a3 they wish to leave the one we are m. We gather up our things and rush into the and un"other jjar, which we find rather dirty comfortable, but what roubles us most is that we are mixed with other people. Our traveling outfits, of blankets, lunch and satchels marks us as travelers and all eye3 are turoed-uno- n us: we feel indiernant, for we are ticketed first class to New York, with promise of special cars, which we have had most or tne time so far. Brothers Smith and Price try: to make us a3. comfortable as possible-bhenango, 11:35. We have been, so confused and broken up that we have not yet breakfasted. Poor Sister Harrison wants her tea, no-- eh an making. any,, and none of us feiniEeningnur-lunchakets- .. imThe clouds are breaking, and the country proves. Ever since leaving Chicago I have felt as if we were We see a traveling westlittle pine timber; so many stumps indicate that ' People have to clear the land for their farms. We see long lines of fence made by turning 8tumps on one side, leaving their sprangling roots to form a barrack; they have been washed " " . . ' huteee ee-o- f - tie-ma- - PRIVATE CORRESPONDENCE. - , M. white race, bnt thoy all show the negro blood. A couple, whom we judge to be newly married, have seated themselves at our table; the gen n is fine looking, and the hidy js perfectly -lovclyvith her paints - and - frizzes, and - her melting black eyes , and elegant morning toilet of delicate-pink- . She seems very much in love with her escort, who is very kind aud polite to her. Thty saved their comments for their neighbors for an after breakfast relish. Our breakfast is served, and we get through it some way to our satisfaction. We are offered out and go toothpicks at ther door, as we pass ... - , to' our room. 1 1. rmt-uncomfortabl- e - . Htrtkesn Grand 'Central CiNciNNAiTi, Ohio, Jail. 18, 1887. Mi "Helkn Map. Whitney: . .'Dear FiyiD: I was away- from home when theqiamphlet you sent came to hand, and it was put aside with miscellaneous papers, and I only came across and read it last Sunday. i i i i. l. pi 1enjoyed reading the speeches made by so many oi the Mormon ladiC3. Ihis Mormon (i iK'stion has jre.it interest for. me, aud I should like to come out and study" it fully,, impartially. I do not pretend to say I believe in Mormonisni, but do not disbelieve in it. I know, or at least feel Mire, that plurality of wives would benefit many most of the homes of liiy acpiaintancesaud as it was the practice of the olden times, when Abraham, Isaac, Jacob and the other "men of God" lived, and when men held direct communication with God, I do not ee how Christians can say it is so dreadfully wick;d in the sight of G d. It seems to - me it would be more sensible to confine the argument to theexpediency, the moral right of the matter. Intemperance is it injures the. person-whwicked, wrong, becau-drinks, brms poverty, sorrow and often death, to those de)endent on him. But such results need hot necessarily follow polygamy. -- e T and I take Hotel. Mrs. N a room together, and a meal card. We are taken on an elevator up three stories; our room is 454.. We are alone now, and have no idea where anyone else is, but it seems very comfortable to be in a quiet room once more, away from the noise and jar of the train; still it seems continually rumbling in our ears. We have a pleasant 00m,-- nicely furnished. In one corner is a marble bowl, furnished with hot and cold water; in another a ejoset to hang our dresses in. We want to clean up and go , down, to breakfast, but our trunks have not we wasn ana hniili arifl do the hpst come, we can, and find, by the notice on the, door, that breakfast is not yet over. We get on the elevator, which is furnished with mirrors on three sides and ' cushioned seat3. We tell the waiter we wish to go to the dining room, and to go. A he let3 us off and tells us which-waus at .very black specimen .of humanity meets the door; we show him our meal card, and he hands us over to another negro' waiter, who seats us at a round table, and hands us a bill of fare. We tell him what we ..will have, and while he is gone for it we have leisure to . -- ,, Jf- - All J lt JVII UIU 111 i. I fil IJ 1UO IO, 1 llUl in X3 cannot look upon right, sin with the least degree of allowance, but who can decide for another what sin is. Now, I do not wish to deceive you, and have you think that I profess to believe in Mormon-ism- . I am, a.s we Methodist say, only "open Were I to come out there' and to conviction." be fully convinced against you, I should not. be slow in saying so. But I can honestly, truthfully say, that so far as! have read of the sub ject, for and against, I believe you are more than half (to say-thleast) right, and that Mormonism will, not be obliterated. Jbor yourseli, Mrs, Wens, !iiiza Koxie tonow, Mrs.X'rocherou, the Pratt women, and many others, whose names do not just now come to my mind, we, my husband and I, feel the I raiht almost say affection, greatest and you will always have our best wishes. Yours truly, , ' - Emily Scott. wrong is wrong. v.God e re-pec- t, ANNUAL MEETING OF' Y. L. M. I. A. aiVENTEENTH WAKD. The annual meetiugpf the Y. L. M. I. A; of the 17tli Ward was held at the residence of. and lace curtains large room hung with mirrors, Coun. Mrs. F. S. Richards, on Jan. 21st, 1887. at fhewindows, round tables, large enough for Nearly all the members of the- - Association four persons, which ure multiplied indefinitely were present; a jso a large number of visitors. a.swe glance at the mirrors. : wnom were seen uie oeiovea iaces 01 Waiters are didin2aT)out attending the araou'' i rs-itite th --and- Zi na J. Hr S different tables;' some" are of pure negro" bioovi, JC.Howe presided over Young. President but most of the younger ones are mixed, and with usual her the meeting dignified and ladyof consanguinity; represent all shades or degrees like manner. all draped in black, with white bosoms, aprons, After the usual opening exercises, an historineckties and cuffs. Their hair is closely shaved, and. financial report of the Association for cal look-iand I certainly never saw so many good the past year was read by the Secretary, aud colored men. Some of them are whiter the accepted by the Association. "These reports than many dark complexioned people of eitt oranges and make observations. We see a El -Saii - ' " " . n . ; 