WOMAN'S EXPONENT. LITTLE HOUSEKEEPERS. In the large cities of the Union benevolent ladies have established what are called "kitchen wardens. " That means a school where little to keep house. They are the girls are taught he ver-y- poor - people, rnoiftly daughters :of-tforeigners: Their mothers from over the sea houses even to had frequently not live in, and so they knew nothing about our kind of neat Yankee housekeeping. . . any-dece- , nt The ladies gather up the dirty, ragged, hungry little girls trom the streets and tene- - ment rooms - where they - live so wretchedly, They are first bathed; scrubbed from head to 1001, cumueu, anu. ujcu uiyen fcuuje IOOO. iilter that they come every day.io the housekeepinrr school. They are given luncheon. The change that takes place in them is wonderful. They become neat, orderly and ladylike. They soon begin to try to tidy up their wretched homes, and in many instanc.es whole families become happier and more prosperous; just because the little daughter goes to the kitchen garden. At the close of their school for the summer,' the girls have an exhibition showing what they -- have miniature tables, have learned. tinv dishes and little beds and mattresses all the furniture and belongings of a house, and s with these they. practice till they are J' workers and housekeepers. When they have finished the course of in struction, the child reaarfi given diplomasand are regular graduatesIt isayery oLsefuLsort of learning they have, too. A class graduated in Chicago notjong ago, whose exhibition the newspaper men went to see. The class con little girls, ranging in sisted of twenty-fou- r age from "12 to 15, and representing almost Iheir long white every European country. muslin fluted pinafores,caps, and prim little ties gave them an appearance that was very re singly freshing. They entered the room-i- n file to a military march, carrying miniature tables and boxes. In the latter were linen; cutlery and small table furniture. Brought to - -- They , first-clas- halt,entellie through a catechism like this: "How often should a room be swept?" "Thoroughly, once a week," answered a wee bit of a pwede with a voice bigger than her' ... self;: : s "What kind of a broom ; ' ,. is best for the cor ners and "edges of a room?" . 'Whisk broom," sang out a maid with yellow pigtails, who seemed to be having her throat " sawed ehm. by the well laundried tie under her. is a dust "Why duster?'' .' rag better than a feather '".v - "Because the feathers scatter the dust instead . v! ef gathering it" : After. this part of the programme the girls took out their little table cloths, the piano struck up a series of popular - tunes,, and the board was spread beautifully. Before the beds were made the class had an oral recitation, one question being: "What three things are necessary for nice bed making?" The answer being:,,, "Jeyel mattress, smooth clothes and square, corners. . Tnen the mattresses were whipped into shape, (he pillows, knocked into form, and in an incredibly short time every; bed was flat and smooth, and the children retired under a murmur of applause. On their return they carried trays, with which tb eywen t t h rough a series of pretty maneuvers.""" Dishes were washed, and after the brooms were used for place was '"tidied-up,- " an exercise in calisthenics. The visitors apdeplauded the neat and pretty girls and were ' r...'" lighted, . ; It takes two years to learn all the things in "are the course. Cooking and laundry work part of it, md the girls learn to bake bread . t 119 and cake and iron muslin ami laces that are as beautiful as the prettiest picture. As soon as they, get .their diploma? there are always ladies waiting to hire them to w7k. Iheir teacher keeps a list of these, d they, go directly from the. .kitchen garden into good places.; They know alt the branches of bouse- - til of the right thickness. Make each' bar about three inches long, and spread with- - a layer of jelly or jam; place on thii another layer of the cream, then a layer of the filling and then one of the M,eam,Ir&3S well , to- ge t h e r , a u ds e t to dry. If d es i red, this cand y may be cut into squares. In either case trim so keeping, they can be cooks, lauudresSj the edges smoothly with a sharp knife, so that or nurses, dining room girls." They they may not have a ragged look. also learn plain sewing. In making cocanut creams use, if possible, They get better than wages ordinary houseworking girls can, fresh cocoanut;,if not, the best brand of desicbecausethey know their .business sol perfectly. cated. If freh cocoanut is used, prepare it the But that is-- ways the way. They, keep house day before using. While mixing the French so nicely that it is like poetry to look at them it uiiw nan mc Liuaiu, mm uciuic uiaMii and their homes. ' sugar, stir in the cbcoanut,then add more sugar, No girl can get a diploma unless she--' under-stand- s and mould until the cream is. stiff enough to reading and .writing and arithmetic. It make into ballsor cakes. If you like, some of would be a good plan for rich girls-t-o attend the creams. may-b- e colored pink, and then such schools, too. Ex. rolled in grated cocoanut before set to dry. iucaunie vci pretty "iUimiu uauuita. vjuuicu maple sugar added to the French cream, and CANDIES AND CREAMS. moulded into squares, also make a toothsome A cream made of confectioner's sugar is the candy. A nut candy, which is. a great favorite with bans of uncooked candies. Take a good sized most children, is inadc by .choppinir several bowl, and break into it the white of one, two kinds of nuts, say almonds, wafnuts, and but-tor- n or more egg?, and add to it an exactly. equal 1 ctlr u ts? i no . ot cold confec-water lheh stir in quantity the nuts. Then add enough' sugar to mould turner's sugar " slowlyuntil you have it stiff into Make into, large squares or bars, shape. enough to be moulded into shape by the fin and wrap in waxed paper to keep fresh. Fruit to taste with any essence liked .candy, which is not as rich as tho nut candy, gers, flavor best. Vanilla is always safe. Mould the paste into balk about the size.of a large mar seeded figs, and a very small quantity of citron, , lozenge-shapesor and la) upon a platter - chopped together, make a very nice fruit mix- ble, r waxed paper to tiry. vUre w witu tno r reuuu urtiim. xuuive inFlavor a part of the French cream made to" balls;put or use first a bar of the cream, then a with peppermint or wiuter-greeessence to layer of the fruit, as in the jelly candies. If mould iuto set to and taste, lozenges, you you wish to color any of your candy brown,add dry, will have three varieties of candy finished. melted chocolate. "Mould 8omel)ilieTriarii flavored with vanilla Of boiled' candies, perhaps none is liked so into balls about the size of a twenty-cen- t well aa molasses candvJ and molasses taffv. It piece, v have .ready some English walnutscracked flip fnllnwinor rpfinp i' fnlbuvpd PYftPtTv" Riirmpss so as to divide nicely in halves, and press half is- promised every time. Two cups of sugar, of the nut on ear.h side of the ball of cream. four cups molasses.Use the same sized cup to Set to dry, and they will be ready to eat in a measure both molasses and sugar. Two small few hours. 01 uuuer, two Chocolate creams are a favorite kind of of glycerine. Put into a kettle, and boil fast candy. To make, mould - small bits of cone shape, and set to dry. Melt some baker's At the end of the time for boiliuir, put a few chocolate in a bowl set over a boiling drops in cold water. If it hanleus and is brit- trer When the creams are dry, take them one !o rprhnvfi frnm fbf fifovfl. ITaVft road V be by one on a hair pin or fork, and roll in the fore the candy stops boiling pans thoroughly melted chocolate until thoroughly coat edr Set buttered, and just before pouring iuto ahe pans stir in one tea spoonful of cream of tartar: aside to dry. Should the chocolate cool be After putting into pans, pour-- a few drops of fore you have finished, place over the tie again, or oeuer still, : stana ii wnue using in lemon or vanilla on top. When cool enough, a panot hot water. pull "until' white, and make into sticks. Half Another delicious variety may be made by this quantity will make enougn tor a small working into the cream the juice and grated "family. rind bf "anorange.Should the juice make the Taffy is made by boiling hard one cup of French'cream too thin, add more sugar before molasses, one cup of sugar, and a small of butter.- - After boiling twenty moulding into shape. Make iiito balls the size of a hickory nut. Lemon creams may be made minutes, test by dropping a little in cold water. in the same" way, by substituting lemon juice If it is brittle, pour into buttered pansand mark into squares with the back of a case . and rind for orange. knife.3 Another kind of sweet is easily made by re j I K ML J J LUU Oli IMI . J. V II. I ailllT. .J J til "" moving the seeds from the nicest and freshest 11 of dates, and inserting in place of the seed a nuts by taking off the shell3 ami the brown covers them. Then "boil two jcups of long narrow jroll of the French cream, and skin that Yme of brown, sugar, a piece of butter closing the date over it. Fig cream3 may be molasses, made in the same. way,i or. by , cutting the figs the size of a small egg, and a table spoonful of i? viiiesrar. Boil until nearly brittle, place the into four or hve iengtn-wissirips, ana inseri-inf- f them in a niece of the cream moulded in peanuts in a buttered pan, pour the candy over them, and cut into squares or bara. an oblong shape, and then cut- open and closed H ntte the most powerful rival or over the fig. Most melting: candies im.y also be made by taffy, is made bv using a coffee cup of brown half a cup, of water, and a using fruit jellies and jam (especially currant sugar, .vinegar; also a piece of butter the size of and plum jelly and berry jam) or Pour-int- o reserves. Cut the fruit into jmiall squares or a hickory nut., Boil twenty minutes. buttered pans., and cut intoTiarrow strips. of the. oblongs, and inclose it in - a coating Chocolate caramels are as popular with cream; or make squares of the cream, and butter-scotcup children as taffy and gro nress a small souare of "the jelly against it be make" them, use a cup of . fore drvin?. A tempting candy is made by with little ones. To molasses, a cup of brown sugar, a cup of milk, making the cream into cakes about l of butter. Add to and a small thick (which may be done with a rolling-piof glycerine, on a marble slab, or naking it into a flat the insredienta a table spoonful as in molasses candy. Let the mixture boil ball, laying it on a platter, and pattingit un chatn-bermaid- al s, - . n 7 ; -- -- laoie-spoujjiu- wuiv-spuvuiui- a is tea-ket- tea-ket- " table-spoonf- M I LJ IMM. i. e - desert-spoon-ful- pine-appl- of e A-- half-an-inc- h n h n table-spOonfu- ul 