85 ' to see i ropneis, npusucs Jim . t t , tv r r TJ . - III - - III j n.ivp iss ii i if ( wiLii'iiJcijj iyi ijMr life. This has been a'gieat pkaAure.to me anJ a great satisfaction to "my own spirit. ' Saints, And I desire to say to the Latter-da- y remember that we are senthercon that a mission; that we. have been oorn in inenesn iu this last di pensatio.n of the fulness of times. We have been called to labor in the vineyard of the Lord, called. to preacn'the Gospel, called to warn the nations of the earth, and many if them have been warned. Wc have traveled by land and by alforeign nationsalso sea;' have visited-manmost every part of our own nation, and some of us aredruwing our missions to a close. Saints should, . I hive a desire that the Latter-daVheir religion, and endeaver to do what try to live is right; that they should have faith in God, and in. the revelations of GodV and in the principles which have been revealed to the Saints for vbe , salvation of the human family. n the a have We great many organizations-ih id' a!- of God. and have nnd r.hnrrh Kingdom v .V t j ,most from i he beginning. . They- are so' organized that all menaftd women, whether young orjold, ix . i i. ftt In We shnnfrf trr tn im- f, f i ill , our talents and our opportunities prove while we are here ir on thy earth. I realize that, this world is not our abiding place. We have an our dives. We are" this every-day--of exidinice-o- f called to bury Apostles, Elders, and children, all of Avhich fathers, mothers,"wives 'have, no lease of life. We shows us that-wshould therefore improve our time 1 have Saints my felt to give the Latter-da- y faith and prayers in all their labors and exertions to build up the kingdom of God. I try to build it Ti7TcTThe best of my ability' in accordance with the light and truth and knowledge which God has given inc. This is the fust time that T have endeavored to speak in public for a good while. I riave not been laboring in tne mmst ot congregations like mis. l have just passed through a week of sickness, which laid me prostrate.' I feel the effects of it in my lungs, and in my system, yet I feel all light in my spirit. T felt as thought desired to look upon the faces ot'the Latterd iy Saints', and hear. the testimonies ot my biethrcn. I hey have heard my testimony in years past. I have the same tesli" mony to bear to day. I bear record before God, angels and men, that the fulness of the everlasting Gospel has been revealed in these last days through the Prophets of God ; and that Joseph Smith was raised up by the power of Gud as a Prophet, Seer and Revelator. He laid the foundation of this C h li r r hanitls inTxkw-4- n its ncrfrrtlrm. y il is a t the present time. He brought forth the record as contained in the Book of Moimon, in fulfilment of the:. predictions of the P.rophets of God; also the Book of Doctrine and Covenants, which contains those grand and solemn revelations, and those principlesof eternal truth, so precious to the Lat- c t ncsc wiiua die nuc. oaiuia. iciuy should study them; lay them up in our hearts, and practice them in our lives. This is the kingdom of God, and the Church ol Jesus Christ, The Lord Almjghty has set His hand to carry out the great programme of the last dispensation and ful- uc ui nine, ii uiis u.iu uui uccn nuc uiaii today would have been in a probability a desert as we found it in 1817, when first we came here. God has been watching over this people, and will continue to, so long as we cuntinue to do our duty. So long as we humble ourselves before the Lord, so long as we Iceep His commandments, so long will the hand of God be over the Latter-daSainU;,Zion will arise ; Zion will be clothed upon by the power of God. The Lord is watching over her; the. heavens have been watching o.er this people, and have been from the beginning. We have the blessings of Go i with us. They are manifest in our temporal and spiritual affairs. v . I 1 r a I Vf-- I" ' V -- . we-shoul- d -- y . v - -- our-time- our-Prophe- ts, e to-da- " 1 in the beginning of my remarks, I realize that the voices of those we were accus- As.1 said JQ. Snow,aud by the Secretary, Mary approved. Prest. Harriet Snow made a lew '.remarks, and tie statistical atid financial reports from branches .were read bythe Secre23 (liffl-reii-t tomed to hear iruthe past are hushed in death., We shall hear them no more. The rest of us will fol. ' ' ' ,j tary low in their train. We.shall all pass away in our " "J'v J IJICV1-. , ti'll-- ' in the Oj turn, and we have a long etemity hefore us uuu JUili ililVC Oil uuiiivo miiiiuvp, ami x J jiiui world to come. Those that" have passed away for cared , four little ones, suppose you-li.ivf- C have closed their work here and are laboring tothat Hiey have proper attention in your. absence. day on the other side of the vail. You have met together to, be strengthened and You have had laid .before you, during this Concomforted. Sister Eliza R. Snow Smith is betference some things pertaining to the redemption you her love and blessing.- I ter, .audshe-seof our dead, and some things in regard to the have been plealed to hear your reports. The building of temples. "These, brethren and sisters, Lord said, 'Speak often one to another.' If ,ate imp rtant works. They, are works which we those who stay away could know what they do for others that they cannot do for themselves? lose, a great many more would strive to attend Thi- - is what Jesus Christ djd when he laid down Ve are meeting. Keep up gathering wheat. I lis life for'our redempdon, because we could not is doing a great and gooii work; it not alone in redeem ourselves. We "have fathers and mothers looking after the poor, but in saving souls. We w a. we have and the in ;rld, and kindred spirit must take care the "Lamanites do not excel us; work to' perform in their behaif. As an individuab , you heard their report; they have 58 member I have had great interest in this work of redeemenrolled and 40 average attendance; this speaks have so brethren and sisters.' and the dead, my "well for. them. Our children are our main care; ing This is a labor, we must continue as far as we have the .allurements are just terrible; whei ,we was This taught by the .slacken in prayer and corumeucJ fault-finding- ., principle opportunity. Apostle Paul. He asks, "If the dead rise not at thpn wp. firrt in daniriir. Otir souls need food Ivvl "all," why" are Tihey therihaptizedTo7 the dead ?" when the fulfilment of prophecy goes on before This is a workrlhat rests upon the Do what you can in this respect, our eyes daily. We need strength and we TT:.L-..ll.. " L v s i i o . rv 11 u u a i reue v e 1 uy m e e 11 ug iug e l 11 er A"''I)., so that when you pass to the other side of the vail v . 1 your fathers, mothers, relatives and friends will nas preaictea, we are living in a testing tim; it is labor contiuually, but thereby we lay up bless you for what' you' have done, and inasmuch treasures in heaveu; wre may be tried in our as you have been instruments in the hands of God in procuring their redemption you will be recogfeelings,, but I hope not iu our faith. The nized as Saviors upon Mount Zion in fulfillment of kindness and fove of God iu organizing these v associations is evervthiuir to me. above all the - : "J -- -- Latter-day-Saint- s. 1m. 1 1 1 " a. 1 1 prophecy. I hope that our institutions those that have been referred to in our Epistle the Relief Societies, Sunday Schools, Mutual Improvement Associations, etc., will continue to do good. They have done a great deal of good, and stid have the power to do more. These institutions belong to the organizations of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-daSaints. The brethren and sisters should continue to .labor in them in behalf of the rising generation of this people. The Mutual im- provement Associations are good schools in which to prepare, our young men for the vineyard pf Christ. So also are the the various quorums of the Priesthood, and we should all labor to the best of our ability to fulfill the duties devolving ' y; upon us. I feel the effect of my sickness; I feel it upon do and not think' it necessary to con, my lungs, tinue my remarks. I am glad to see you, and bless you, and I pray that God may pour out -- His Spirit upon1 you, that we may magnify our . . . . aTTTng, doour duty, keep the commandments of God, so that when we get through our work we may be satisfied with our history. I feel to bless this congregation, as far as I have the right and privilege to bless, in the name of the Lord lesus' Christ. The Latter-daSaints have been trying uu men iu uuiy, dui mere is room for all to imlet us walk uprightly and labor "for the prove; truth, and for the inspiration of Almighty God to .assist us in all we endeavor to accomplish I pray pur Heavenly Father to uphold and sustain you, to bless you and your families, to bless you as husbands and wives and children and as Latter-da- y Saints, or any other capacity in which we called to act. This is my prayer. in the name of ' d say-Go- . w y Jesus Christ, amen. . Ck - ' REPORTS. - ' ; . BOX ELDER STAKE. The quarterly conference c,,y r Box EMer Stake tct unsiog. V, Muute. e I''"'. coaled Sept-mbe- r, singmg, prayer f.t at (ff JO ot previoL3 conference read - ci T l- 1 1 1 . Sisters H u nsaker, J en;en and Watkin3 each spoke oneny and encouragingly."" Jbxercises closed by singing, and the benediction was pronounced by Sister Hubbard. Afternoon session: Opened by singing. Prayer by Couu.-- Susannah P. Booth.01 Singing. r 11 r:.A wuuucuacu report reau loy iuary. Hi onow., ", I n :i: iiaasen spoke ot the evil conse- :T--- jmnia. t - 1 i. 1 . 1 neneeirrjjpcming--0Trrenemie- 3. MVVe should patronize and sustain our own brethren and si?ters." Sister Peery said, "I would not sacrifice my y position with my sisters for all the wealth of the "world; we are the salt of the earth; we need to be on our guard, lest the adversary throw doubt in our hearts.. Let us remember our prayers the first thing I do in the is morning to ask my Heavenly Father to lead me through the day." Sister Zina D, H. Young:. "It is through obedience and humility that we gain the bless-- ' ' ot the Lord. When I hear of any of our ings brethren or sifters departing from the truth ,1 feel bad; I do not feel that sorrow when one-o- f my brethren or sisttrs die and are clothed in'their robes; we have to be tried to know which side T c vca ho Hn iLHuciuu ii iu. o ose 1n n n n --sn if "r wr n ravp.a morning and night we should never apostatize. Mothers need the atsistance of the Lord; never let your children be' exposed to danger; it is' for us to stand for the kingdom of God;the platform of faith and obedience is for the mothers to rest on." Showed how men who had re- -. ceived visions aud great testimonies had after air apostatized, hence how careful we should be. ":Fear not, but follow our file leaders has. been my motto always; let not fear fill your to-da- . . 1 Y. U M. 1. A. & P. A. ."P wi . Smith said, 'This .work is not perfect 'without" We cau work tor the liv- these oiganizitions. ' ... J xl . J ! iug, ana we can go anu worK ior tne ueaa. May God bless you and comfort your hearts; and may He bless us all, that we may continue faithful unto the end and receive a fulness of the rewartf in store for the faithful, is my prayer in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen." Sister Harper said, "I hope, my sisters, we may all have the spirit of our religion, that we may withstand the trials and temptations of I ICS., . 1 1 1 1 1 rJ 1 