Ono of the beloved and honored, leading Jadies of our people, once told me I had.no in- fluencs among ray inters- because or my piam attire. Myarnwcr was, "But I have a. clear conscience, which, to me, 13 preferable." Later, the mother and grandmother of. some of our faeliion-Iovinyoung ladies, asKeirme why I did not talk to the girls about their 'dress. To this I answered, pride and vanity-i"We often hear the remark that, 'example a betand if my example has no ter than precept;' . ..1,1 weight with the young. ladies, neitne.r woum "anything I ciuld Kay touch their understandings. ... All I can do is to pray for them." With heartfelt sympathy and love, I am, Your Sister in the Gospel of peace, v relict of the.civil war, if that is a proper way interesting inci- . of speaking, and related-manbeauti-- dents. She .'fill." She" liadAdaueTovery usher pi cture.and I thmk shows saw a lovelier face. She-killed-hers- elrm fnevr a fit .Jh&old takes lady is made of the sterner stuff that it she to face the buffeting of the world, but takes :tl3 through the grows pathetic as she room; her house and shows us books and pictures and little articles that show taste and refinement.- - Her lovely child has but she gone, and her grief is a dead grief, holds in her home a living grief, a burdenof of daily" and hourly endurance, in the person an invalid son. He looks about forty, and has been for fifteen years confiued tojiis room. He L. Gheene Riciiards. doctors have desays it is rheumatism, and the Be that stroyed him with strong medicines.. ' -His limbs are 3 it may, he is a pitiful object. LEAVES FROM MY JOURNAL: distorted and covered with knots where his which' joints should be, and running sores', from SI." J. TANNER. rock look like work out nieces of bone which or gravel. He is rotting and dying inch by Continued.. inch, and his mother nopes tie may not out ' and Anna .Sister 1883. G, Paukboro, May iiveher, for none " but, a mother Would care for I feel weary "after 011 r trip to Philadelphia yes him as she"doesT He" is a very' intelligent man"; terday. Wc rest iu the raorniog, and after but has grown cynical with his long suffering. dinner go out for a walk. She takes me over He is well versed in the Bible, as well as in some old historic ground, and shows me where. statistics and the topic3 of the' day.' He has an old lort stood during me revolution, mere.. read much oiTL)tah,and is better versed in her was a military post here, and all this part of statistics than am. He ignores all religion, tho country is full of interest as connected and says that the Bible is much changed in the with the war. There is a great interest taken last huudred ycarsl He has an edition that is in relics of the revolution and the period prevery old a hundred years or more and lie feelwith a am it. I shown, constantly ceding has notbingto do but compare it chapter by ing almost amounting to reverence, old landchapter with the latest edition. He thinks the connected and articles other furniture marks, Mormon leaders are knaves and the people v;ith a long past period. My father was raised dupe3 in a gigantic scheme of fraud, We talk in New Jersey, iuid I supposo many of the until a late hour, and Heave him with a laughname are in this part of tho country. Sister injunction to decide whether! am the more Anna has a friend whose married daughter's ing " , knave or fool. is name is Mounts. , I wonder if there any. Paulsboro, Thursday, May 7. I had thought connection in the name. We call on the lady, but it rains to return tp Williamsburg who is very pleasant, and speak to her about so hard that I stay indoors. I am enjoying my the name, but she tells us her spells visit, and getting fat on sweet potatoes and his name Mounce, but there are many of the shad. Dame down in tho eastern part of the state. Paulsboro,' Friday, .'May 8. It rained this Wo walk on down a green lane, through a fine . I re, morning, and I am staying another-daylooKing iarm anu past a Eemicireie 01 ever-ceived a letter from home, sweet home! It is greens, where we find a neat cottage surrounded It over- the first I have" heard since leaving, aud I am by green lawns and flower-gardelooks the Deleware River, and is one of the glad to know that all is well. In the afternoon the weather clears up, and Henry and his most romantic little nooks I have seen. Anna daughter take me to see the tall lighthouse.. It goes to find the lady of the house, who is at a little distance, assisting, or being assisted by a is made of iron, and is a hundred feet high. We ascend the spiral staircase to the top, where small boy in clearing off the grounds.- - I run we have a fine view of the country, which looks down on the bank of the river, which is covered with white sand and pebbles, and so clean, from lovely after the beautiful rain. We go down the washing of the tide, that one can sit down . to the river, walking along the beach, and go home by way of the "rifle pits." another relic without soiling their clothes. I feel as though I could spend hours here, watching the river of the revolution. He showed me where the and the boats as they float lazily about, dragpits were made and entrenchments thrown up ging their nets for shad, and picking up the by the soldiers. The hollows are still deep, pebbles that glisten in the sandl A steamboat though overgrown with trees and bushes, and are sacredly kept for their historical interest. goes puffing past, and stops at the landing a little way up the river. It seems like a dream, We spend the evening with Mrs. Flowers. and I almost imagine myself a child again. Saturday, May 9, 1885. On board the 'train But I am warned that I mu3t not linger too for NewlYork; weather pleasant. Sister Anna long, for Anna is waiting' for me, and, with came with me to Philadelphia. We came up on the boat, aud had four hours to wait, and my handkerchief full of pebbles, I reluctantly turn my face toward the house. . improved it by taking in the sights. We visited ana Mrs. introduced to L Dick, who' is a what she. called the new public building; it is widow lady, and liveshere entirely alone. She the largest and finest building I ever saw'. It is a very sweet looking lady of about is built of gray granite, and covers a block. It seventy. Her children have married and gone out in the is so high that it fairly made me dizzy looking-tworld, and her chief company and protector is the top. An arched doorway leads through a large black New Foundland doir. She showed the centre from one side to the otherrandcar-- " us the family portraits on the walls, android riages drive through. through and us something of her quiet life until it was time found ourselves in a hollow squarewith windows to go, and with a feeling of regret we turned and doors facing us in every direction. People from the place whose charra3 held such a fas were passing back and forth, and stalls were cination over my heart. If ever I write a roset up for. selling confectionary and mance my heroine shall have just such a fancy notions. From there we ' to went the ' United home. states sat down in a vestibule and After supper Anna and I go to spend the waited MmtYe the for to show us through He guide evening with Mrs. Flowers. The old lady is a came out with another company and presently g , 'her-daught- cr's 1 . . " - J :;f0ri son-inda- ns. , o We-passe- d Ua AirPTt. nrncesses. 01 -- raa-nhine- rv I . , "Hoist the gates as high as the sky, And let King George and his men pass by." I stop in due time at - Jersey City, and cross ,, w throuch the house and makll.2 of bullion such as money. Fir-- t we saw piles wc see shipped from the smelters; this is melted and run into small bars, called ingots; these are rolled, in long bar?, the proper thickness for coin, and as wide as a silver dollar. This process was done by machinery, propelled by ' an engine of a hundred and fifty horse power. horse fhrr en trine of seventy-five- , the power.'which is, I think, used for stamping in coin. The strips of silver are placed, whWh rut? out the coin:i it is then taken VUIUV-- l , , t -- to ano'ther room in wheelbarrows, where it is comes put in a machine which stamps it, and it now it is out money; before that it only silver, has a denominational value, and is ready Tor circulation. We saw the coins of all centuries, and almost 'of all, ages; some of it was strange delooking money, and would be impossible to scribe. We visited a life insurance building, and called at the old "Independence Hall." Wre had not- time to co through it, but went in the portrait gallery, and in the room where the Declaration, of Independence wa3 sigu'ed. There were portraits of many of the leading men - of the " day of both parties ; kings, queens generals, orators and stitesmen. I would have liked more tim? to look at them. The old bell wa3 gone from its accustomed place, having bien taken to the New Orleans Expositiou. : Auna saw me safely on the train, and as I bade her goodbye I felt sad to think that I might never see her any more. The country is green now and fruit in blossom. At the. railroad crossings there, are gates to keep people off the track; instead of swinging sideways they are raised horizontally and bring to mind the nursery rhyme: , to-day- ,ia in tnkinrr ug the ferry to New York. Here I am beset by cabfiies, all calling, "This way, lady," "Where shall I take you, lady?" "Take a cab; lady." I tell them I want the street car; they say there is no street car at this crossing. There a crowd I am a little bewildered; they take ad- va.il' racft. nri.hP.S;i tnatinn nnrl insist ah mp f o ir ing a cab; I a,k the fare; $3.50 and ferry; I sayno, I will find the car, for ,1 knew there was one. He thenturned to a boy and told him to shoAV the lady a horse car, , after which I am beset with boys, all wanting to carry my satchel aud shotv me the way. They " T fH-tall knOW T ..... era frt Vi D Jim - little "(rrcon v t car at last, which is only a few steps after I get clear ot the crowd. 1 go to Grand St. ferry; fare, five cents; cros3 on the boat, fare, two cents; take another street car, five cents, making twelve cents, which is something less than a cab would have been. I get to my cousin's house without further trouble, find them well, and pleased to see me safe back. A Mrs. F. v. JL C. Floyd, of South Boston, has in- vented a "Waterproof Bonnet," manufactured of rubber gossamer fabrics, for which she has received a patent in the United States, and has applications pending in other countries. he material is now manufactured in many fancy designs and in every colorrmaking a "uhouuh ui me oonneis ana nats now om'i It3 great, advantage is indestructibility by rain', the terror of ladies who wear valuable bonnets. They will, therefore, welcome an article impervious to moi3ture,and yet handsome enough to wear at church, theatre, or elsewhere, either in pleasant or stormy weather. It is not heavy, .and is very becoming, adies can hereafter dispense with the annoying umbrella and those Mho have examined Mrs. hloyd'a bonnet are very enthusiastic in it Y raise. . , , . 