EXPONENT. WDM AN 166 day by day hoping, jf ever so little, that we are helping in ,our Father's .vinyard, and,; like you, dear sister, proving a comfort to many atllicted ones. . Our prayer is that you may long be spared to continue your good work. Yours most si ncere ly, Mrs. Jennib Whipple;' sider before speaking and auswerln ir aupst.i we cannot be too carefu h wo nm- branche-wer' ' wisdom, iip all our ways. We who have been . dents. in the Relief Sopip'tv .n f;vinterested - ,i -. . ' "vexpressed herself much pleased y.mat of been one has the greatest educational with thl good attendance, and was thankful it e ever imvu enjoyeu; i am sure I "that we were permitteaozmeec unaer sucn jiMvuegea -if there can; was a "people on eve'r fayorablfcircti instances, and also pleased witli. the facelthinc, of the earth who are practical as well the gootl reports. . . as spiritual, they may be found in the UrAioV Sister jSarah Driggs made a few encouraging "Society. The time, has cotne when women are remarK. J and imiesome suggestions m regaru remembered, and 1 believe in the fa tu re they' to conducting Uncorking meetings their good and rks will be remembered The statistical and linancialeport was then more than in the past Things are not so rnrl ' "" 'read. f " Ul j Co u n. Frances White- said her prayers were Gosj)ei, theSpirit of the Lord, our trials will continually offered for the unity of the Saints. not be so heavy as we antieipatef We shall Sj)oke of the good the Society" of ot. Johns endure unto the end if ' vve keep that Snirif had done in aiding the poor, and urged all to and it is to thosewho endure jthat. the reward be . diligent in keeping the commandments of is given." '. God. Singing, ''Zudli stands with lulls surrounded." Sister Mary J. Minnerly felt that although Benedicti'UL Adjourned until 2 p.m. we have many difficulties to labor unde, we Afternoon session: bister E. b. Taylor had are continually being blest and prospered. De sired the faith and prayers of the sisters in arrived, and was with us. After the oneninir the Secretary read the condensed re her-- behalf and j spoke upon the necessity of exercises, port, also the report of the Stake treasury. children attending the Primary. ,. Sister Harriet Hunsaker of lioneyvillePrest. Emma S. Smith exhortod all to be "Wc are living in a-- great-day- ; many have de- duties. Sug faithiuLin sired to live in this dispensation. I feel grate- gested that each Society have one of their iul that we have passed through so many members appointed to take charge of the busi scenes, iind are rtill nQmbered among the Lat ness, in ordfr to lighten the burden of the Saints. It is well for us to look to our president,- "Mothers should teach their, child ren the principles of truth, and honesty, and selves, and see if we are standing on the right foundation. should seek to guard them against infidelity.- Sister M. A. Hubbard: "We have great rea-- : Conference adjourned for three months. son to rejoice if we possess the Spirit of the Singing. Benediction by Bro. L. H. Hatch.' Lord while passing through every scene; 1 re Della Eish, Secretary. joice in the principles of the Gospel. We have everything to encourage us. Let us alBOX ELDER STAKE. ways feel subject to (he Priesthood, cherisH and Condensed report of the quarterly conference. .' sustain, them. Box of Elder the Relief of Stake, Society ' 10 o'clock on tho 8th of which convened-a- t world, there neve? was more inquiring con March, in the Tabernacle, Brigham City, cerning this people than at the present time." 11 iho Sister. Harriet A. Snow presiding. Editor SnAL'o n mnnotir tr, in rawi v. 1 trk L of the Woman's Exponent, Mrs. Emmtiine laws tested. Said,-'.'Ithose who feel weak will bear theirtes.tim.ou v. itwill stren cthen J3Jt Ysli. vaiojLjJ Board aud representatives from the various them. We should uphold and sustain the branches of the R. S. of tra Stake. After Priesthood. I believe it is every one's privil singing, prayer was off bred bv' Couu. Susannah ege to" have that Spirit within that will direct Booth. them through all nlaces and show them the -T, PrestrHr-ArSno- w re-made some opening " truth. Some say, 'I have a strong testimony, marks. but. cannot give it " She believed it necessary Sister Annie Wixom wa3 nominated Secreto testify for the good of others. I can testify that I have lived in the principle of plural tary pro tern.. 'Roll called. Minutes of prertad vious conference were and accepted; also marriage many years, and enjoy the associa the reports from the different branches. tion and blessing attending it. No condition is Prest, H.; A.' Snow: "I feel thankful' to be more conducive to the cultivation Oi human of my sisters present; here, and seeA character4, to the putting av. ay of 'selfishness we ..wan i;beveryrj)articular ; in our duties, and disciplining one's self. To love a sister-wif- e that our associations may be in perfect order. is indeed noble. We shall enjoy the We cannot vote any more, but One loss. is one of the Lord, and our trials will be sancti-little g?iii) we can advocate the principle of fied for our good if we go through thenrwith-ou- t celestial marriage. Knowledge will give us murmuring andcomplaining, but if we confidence in ourselves; we can acquire this by always murmur, the Spirit0 of the Lord will keeping the commandments of thr Lord in leave Us." Encouraged the sisters to bear private and in public. The daughters of Zion "their testimony to the' world, to write for the he-have a work to perform, and if we are faithful always said from the : Exponent. r r ir T r to our privileges we will be a power in Zion" a ia pretty well instructed in law and government help to the brethren. That we' may-gro- before we is and kuowledge ray prayer. grace I believe it is just as through. get Sister E. B. Wells: sisters and necessary that women should understand princibrethren, I am happy to be here with you. I ple, and be able to answer any question properhave enjoyed the reading of the minutes and ly, as it is that our, brethren should, who go out, Through these organizations, that to preach the Gospel. Tho- e who come here of reports. .have beenestablished in bur midst, we become late, generally .expect us to be nearly perfect; acquainted with each other's condition. No if we are. not, we certainly are striving toJ)e-M' matter where "you are, if you ar,e zealonlrin. is that we may gain the victory. prayer good works, and energetic in the performance Pre.st E..S.' Taylor: "I - think there is one will receive wisdom and knowledgeof duties, you good thing accomplished by this persecution, to the seiitiments s-Referred that of drawing theSaiots together; no matter, expressed on Our senators question, and spoke in reby as long a3 we have the love of the Gospel we gard to our present circumstances, and of havare unitea;. they may put our ureiuicu. the ing confidence in each other, and not judnricr prison,-bua? long as "it tends to purge out each other hastily; said these' davs reminded of Zion L think we do not need to hypocrite ,her of the days of'Nauvoo. "We" must not fear our enemies, but more false brethren and to pride say all a e think; it is better to stop and cou- - false si .tere. Some say we reports of ten Singing again.Y-erbagiven by their respective presi Mann. l e . i . -- Prest-fSmith- - . , Matron of Deseret Hospital. TO THE Y. L. M. I. A., IUSnyiLLE"ijISTKlCT, CLIFTON, IDAHO. .. J- - 111 - My Dkak Yqu.no Fkienes: How glad I am to meet you all once more at our meeting. ' How blest we are, and how happy we should be! We have kiud parents; i who supply all our temporal wants4 brothers and 'sisters, friends and relatives, with whom we associate daily, and here we are privileged to meet once a week, to exchange our thoughts and ideas, to be a mutual benefit; Each one can gain some knowledge from the experience all have had since our last meeting. There is no need to fear and tremble, when . r- .' ' , -- Zjve "arise ' - ge denee in ourselves by speaking at every meeting we attend, and by study and research during the time we have between our meetings. - The practice of reading is - a great help to speaking. In your reading, be in earnest, always getting a' perfect understanding read. Telling or writing in our own language what we have read is an excellent way to impress it upon our minds ready for use at some future .time. Besides these blessings, we-- should, rejoice in the knowledge that we have been privileged to .and come upon the earth at this favored-timerr that we have been counted "worthy to he numbered among the Saiitts of God; we should also rejoice to know that we have .come through the royal lineage of the new and everlasting coven-- . ant, heirs to all the blessings and privileges' . -- ter-da- y - . . , f FelmihlliereTo. Now, we are all over the age of aceounta- bility;God holds each one of us accountable for our actions. Each one has to" form r makeher o w u character; bo i that depends upon each one of us individually. We are forming a character day by da). The acts of each diy form, as it were, a stone of the main structure. How careful we should bs to" ' have them good. As we pass through life, we wield an influence either good or bad, and this influence bears upon our neighbor in a certain degree, hence we are not only responsible for our actions, but the influence we "may carry with us. Now is the time we are building vthe foundation of our character, and it is necessary for .us to know that we have a permanent one, one that will stand through the trials and tempta. tions of a Love should fill each heart; kindness should --- of-the- ir the-dischar- 'to - ... . ' " , " : so-ma- . " T sweet-Spiri- t . -- life-time- "I-hav- e dictate every action of our lift; mercy should be on our right hand and charity on our left. The love of God and our fellow beings should abound in our, bosoms, all the day long. We should be slow to anger and quick to forgive. We should never hold hatred against any one, and above all, let virtue and chastity be our crowning pride. 1 "My-belove- d . - y R. 8., Y. L. M. 1. A. &-- P, A. REPORTS EASTERN ARIZONA STAKE. ' The quarterly conference of the Belief Society of this Stake was -- held at, Snowflake, Friday 'March 11th, 1887, commencing at 2 p.m., Mrs. Emma S. Smith presiding. "After singing, prayer was offered by Bro. . t ! O.car '' arc-giv- en 