of teaching: the youth of Zion, how .to be practimany other professfonal woman, duty was always a first consideration with her, and one of her earliest teachings which I can remember was, "It is better to suffer wrong than to do wrong." She accepted plural marriage early inher : life with submission and thankfulness, and taught her children with earnestness to Like men, he "needs encouragement,rand enthusiastic, as well as practical support from the community in which he is so preservinglylaboring to pro note a public interest in musical culture. Bro. Stephens sometimes feels he has - to almost force his labors uoon the people, although personally'he is treated in the kindliest manner, but to make" his labors effective of the best results andhis own strength and endurance lasting, to accomplish a noble work ia'this department of culture, he should, most cer- tainly, receive the hearty cooperation of those who desire to see the youth of this people elevated" to the highest rank in all that will tend to build vup and glorify Zion. To teach children is not the easiest task, and there are but few musical men who hare the adaptability. or the patience to undertake, or at any rate, continue as Bro. Stephens has done.. In this particulajhetandslmost alone, and shonld be fully appreciated. An old as aptly apsaying "poets are born not made,"-wilply to musicians and teachers for although much may be acquired yet one must havejnatural gifts to succeed to any marked extent. Those whVareTnti-- " mately acquainted with Bro.Stephens will probably agree in saying,thaT he was born with a wonderful talent for music, and he certainly possesses a rare faculty of adaptability for teaching. Men of his type incline to melancholy if not given encourage ment and support, and when one considers how .fcwJh,ere cjwhojhave the ability and the disposition to do so magnificent a work, it seems' in credible that people should not enthusiastically appreciate the undertaking. cal musicians. respect and revere that sacred principle. never heard one doubting word pass her in lips regard Jo thetruthof this work to jvhich she was devoted. She was a careful economical and industrious and- although' her children have been for some time all' married, yet her fingers were ever busy knitting and sti tching" for her grandchildren (thirteen of them) whom she dearly and impartially loved, indeed on the day she died she took care of the youogest of them for two hpurs and she was stitching on tflittle dress' about twenty minutes before she expired.' Her 'husband was sitting by her; she had lain aside her work and was reading the evening paper when she fell forward at his feet and showed no sign of. lifexafter. Her face wore a pleasant peaceful expression.-- Her life was one of unassuming merit and fruitful with quiet" acts of kindness. Although we miss her gentle presence, her words of loving advice and her sweet and blessed influence, yet we sre reconciled and would not recall her, for we know all is well with her and she is free from the suffering and cares which we are Jeft to contend with.- - In her life.we her children, have a noble example to emulate. house-keepe- r, NEW HALL OPENED- - will-- , answer these questions by giving my , C . -- The pictures1 of Lucy Smith, the Prophet Joseph's mother, ordered from New York, have, lor some unknown reason, been delayed, but will, no doubt, soon arrive, and at our earliest possible convenience will be distributed to the subscribers of the Woman's Exponent. -- free by the "Old Folk's Committee," in the Salt Lake Theatre Christmas week, was a most enjoyable affair, and well patronized - by the aged, the widows and orphans,-an- d it was indeed a pleasing and agreeable sight. The real enjoyment depicted on the countenances of the assembled multitude must have been highly gratifying to those who had taken so much pains to interest and amuse those who have more of the sober realities and fewer enjoyments than those in more prosperous cir cumstances, or who are not so far advanced in years. 1 -- , 1 I would like to write you a few lines concerning my dear mother,Sister Ann Jenkins, who passed suddenly and peacefully away on the evening of the 13th of Nov., 1886. I desired to do so sooner, but sickness and other causes have prevented. She was a faithful mother in Israel, and as such I think worthy of mention in our Exponent which she highly valued and diligently read and from whose columns she derived much pleasure. She, like many other faithful women in Zion,passed through many trials and scenes of suffering,whfch are known to none but God and their own hearts. She was well known as an exceeedingly patient 1 1 I y - Editor Woman's Exponent: D The upper hall of the Eighteenth- Ward Inde a i pendent school house, the new and handsome We were good and kind mothers to one building which has been in course of erection lor the past two years, was opened Dec. 27 with. another's children; we could, go out and enjoy ourselves and leave our children in the other's a social party. A happy and congenial multitude care. Our children grew up with the same thronged the interior, most of them being memfor each other as though there were but love bers 0 f the ward. A mong the guests we re A pos-tl- e one mother." We studied each other's comfort F,. D. Richards and President Angus M. Can'and happfnessand few, indeed, were the hard . Un . r i a tit t l 11M g. n si .1 it t r m non, both of whom, during a lull in the dancing, remarks. The and excellent made some timely quarreled; they were united, and they have were ward the of warmly praised for the people ever loved each other. All' who became mera: of so iu erection the taste and displayed energy bers of the family observed the above rules. beautiful and convenient a hall, designed for lecAs soon as our. children could utter a prayer, tures andjmtertainments, etc., in connection with when old enough, they., took their part in the Latter-day a the building,.viz: the principal object of family devotion, bjth the. boys and the girls. its with The primitive Saint school. We also taught our children the gospel of our past ad- .with the contrasted was and scenes crudities, van'ced educational facilities of ihe present, and Mark, St. Luke and St. John, and we teach in them to contend earnestly for the faith once the changes in Society and the countrygeneral-dwelt were Utah delivered to the Saints; not many faiths, many upon. ly since the early days of times delivered, but the one. The young were counseled to avoid excess of gaiin Bnt I forget myself; 1 must not let my mind ety and the pursuit of pleasure, and indulge out run into doctrine in this article; I undertook dancing and recreation moderately, not only to tell you my experience in the Patriarchal of deference to the trials their parents a!id friends family relation; and when I tell mine, I tell were undergoing at the present, but for their own Saints. the experience of all true Latter-dasouls' gfod, and to turn their thoughts to relet it is an uoc.irme loujc. i nat pexiama iu of life, principally, ligion and the soberer things this fife affects the hereafter entertainments as a using- parties and kindred When the family became large, each wife woa fholr means 01r resil aimJ ictiwuu", ...njrhad a home provided for herself and children. proper utility and significance. I have a comfortable and happy home. I am had. what to words few a added the mother of five ..children and twenty-tw- o Bishop Whitney com the. of in building been'said, speaking praise grandchildren, and 1 rejoice in all the revealed mittee the dondrs to the school iuna,anci rerenng .principles of life and salvation, of the new So you see, dear reader, that the wives that to the objects in view in the completion resumed then was "choose the better part," like Mary of old, hall and building. Dancing assem the when reasonable that peace of mind that the world can a have hour, and kept up to neither give, nor take away. They have no bly dispersed.. A vocal quartette was finely ren Deanie Miss desire to quarrel; they have confidence in their Caine, dered during the evening by Mrs Vilate C. Young, Messrs. H. G. Whitney husbands, and the husbands are true to their and J. D. Spencer, accompanied on the organ by wives, and their wives to them, in. the marriage 18th relation. If they are not true to their covenants C. S. Burton. Toronto and Thomassen's forfeit their Ward band, supplied the ball music in excellent that they make in the Lord, they in the Church. Those wives and their standing stvle. and 1 nomas uooaman was Viuiuywir who are cut off from the Church for ungodly Everything passed off happily and the party was conduct are employed by officials to do wicked; voted unanimously a very pleasant anair Deseret and vile acts, and they have been known to News. - A TRIBUTE OF LOVE. 1 house after "marriage, there were two ot" us, and we agreed to have family prayer, each one taking her part; we also asked a blessing upon our food. This was In the absence of our husband. Wo prayed night .and morning vocally and in secret.: We prayed for each other, for our husband, our children, brothers and sisters in the Church, and lor all mankind. We asked our Heavenly Father to preserve us'through the day, to bless our labors, to preserve us from sickness, give us our daily bread, and enlighten bur minds by His Holy Spirit, and to trive us irrace to enable us to overcome all . a.. .t u. evu a!mouguuj, jealousies, iiaireu aim manco. We are all weak of ourselves, but through the Savior's redeeming grace, and through charity, that" covers the imperfections of others, w ! Oh b fa f niliirp In ducin ino Aiirtil irj ' and live in peace in the marriage relation. We each had a, child; the sister wife a daughter, and I a son. We had a double cradle made to hold the two children; one lay at the head and one at the foot. One of us would take our sewing and care for the children, while the other would do the housework, alternating the work according as we saw fit. This made the work liirht and ea3v for both of us. W e lived 1. ; Iary Ann Lambert. :.,r- it.;. wards, as far as we have learned, have been specially mindful of the poor, the aged and the If you will accept them I , ft - ." I have given my views very freely 611 marriage, substaatiatbg it by Bible proof, quoting scripture irora the old aua newjlesta-ment- . But the enquirer often asks the question, "How can you women whose husbands have other wives endure it? i should think you would quarrel and be jealous of your husbands." "w"T. - - The several wards of this city, and the country The theatrical entertainment given ; -- l EDITORIAL NOTES. SEQUEL TO MY LAST. -- 