WO M AIM'S EXPONENT. 172 virtue. Measure and relaxation which in themselves may be not only harmless to mind and .body, are often rendered evil irvtheextreme, because of their surroundings' and associations. The thoughtless and inexperienced are frequently oblivious to the harm thus attending something in which there isno essential wrong," and are led to' look with allowance, if not actual approval, upon things that wo ild shock them under other circumstances. of the- - Saints The indiscriminate-commingli- ng with persons not of their faith whose habits, history and purposes are bad or unknown to them, is fraught with evil and to be strongly deprecated. To expose our youth iq the contaminating influ- as often conence of vilemen, and women-sucgregate in places of public arhusement,where they are thrown together in social intercourse, is more than folly; it fis wickedness. It is proper that strangers should be treated with courtesy and but intimacy with them is not desirable, and our young people should be cautioned and guarded against casuaT acquaintanceship and the society of persons whose intentions and influence may be of the Very worst character. Excursion parties should be conducted by persons of standing and wisdom and under regula- 4o nTthaTwi 11 preclude the evils, that frequently attend such gatherings. When arranged for purposes of speculation, the promoters are often too heedless of consequences in their anxiety for profits, and will mix together the worst of characters and the good and unsophisticated,, with results that can but be lamentable. Sunday excursions to lake or canon, m.oonlight trips and. late bathing trains should be emphatically discouraged. The society of persons who place themselves under the baleful influence of intoxicants should be he avoided Order- - should be- - maintained midst of merrimentrIndecorous language and conduct should be frowned down. All excess is detrimental. Temperance should govern in everything. Amusement is not the purpose of life, it should be indulged in only by way of variety When people accustom themselves to constant or rounds of pleasure, the true objects of human existejere comes irksome and detestable. Children should not be permitted to attend public gatherings with. persons accpmparryirig lu guard th"gm from accident and from the contamination of the ungodly. The responsibility for the evils attending violations of these instructions will rest upon parents, guardians and the local Priesthood in the various wards and 7 settlements. Persons who habjtually desecrate the Lord's day cannot be held inellowshipnd the members of the Church wlio neglect public worship and the partaking Sacrament and do not remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy, will become weak in the faith and spiritually sickly and will lose the Spirit and favnr of God, and ultimately forfeit their standing in the Church and their exaltation with the obedient and faithful. ! Woman S EM ME LIS E B. bXPONENT. Etiitor. IV EL LS, -- ... in Salt Lake City Utah Terms: Published one copy one ye ir, 52.00; one copy six months, 51.00. Ten ' copies for the price of nine. Advertising, rates: v Each square, ten lines of nonpareil A liberal discount space, one time, S2.50; per month, $3.00. ' o regular adversers. , Exponent office,. No. 2." E South Tempty. Street, fecond-gateast of Deseret ."News Office. Business hours Iron? 10 a.m o 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. .Address all business, communications to PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, " T semi-monthl- ; Salt Lake Salt Lake City, e : City. Utah. April h; 1887. re-aspe- EXTRACTS. FROM THE EPISTLE OF THE FIRST 'PRESIDENCY READ AT THE CONFERENCE IN PRO VO, APRIL 8th, 1887. The disfranchisement of all the women voters, without cause and without even the allegation of crime against tnem, is an arbitrary exercise of despotic power without parallel in republican history. No reasonable excuse .can be offered for such an invasion of political rights exercised without hin- drance for seventeen years ;and the vain pretence of the enemies of the Latter:day Saints that, they wish to rescue the women of Utah from bondage has by this outrage- upon freedom been effectually silenced forever. Taken with other portions of the law it betrays an attempt to pave the way for the domination of the majority by the minority, because the former is composed of members of an unnonular Churrri. Tt - - vhnfilrf lip tli nurnAc. MI Vd. j l wjVv Latter-dav of eood citizens and faithful Saints in maintain the liberties which are dear to every citizen, by allJegal and consistent means within their power. AncL wnlemany jof themenancL women who, with Divine assistance, opened this region to human occupation and fitted it for civilized existence, are arbitmrijjtepj onaTaTOapatBni inTits government, it becomes the duty as well as the privilege of those who can doso under the operation aLjiciustlvfrTrnTT ing laws, to stand up- manfully and use all dili gence and vigilance' in the retention and prevalence of the' local rule of the local majority. In thus sustaining the right and assisting in the prevention of wrong, they will have the blessings of a just God and the approval of an enlightened conscience. A redeeming feature of the new law is the exemption of wives who are viewed as legal from testifying against their husbands in cases arising under the Edmunds act. This and the decision of the Supreme ., Court of the United States condemning the segregation system, by which the ex treme penalties imposed by law; were unlawfully mutiplie3 upon "Mormon" defendants, are cutting rebukes to the Utah Courts and District Attorney, for their excesses and malice in pursuing persons acting ur(er the strongest religious convictions. I he relief thus afforded to many subjects of judicial persecution would doubtless be considerably extended, if other extremerulings of the Utah Courts were reviewed by the highest tribunal of the land. As the summer months are approaching, when open air recreations will become common,we deem it necessary to warn the Saihts,and epecialiy our in-t- W oft-repeat- ed -- - of-th- e -- pneties that often attend such public entertainments. In the inordinate desire to make money, attractions are clevised to draw crowds of people together where the usual restraints that regulate good society are greatly relaxed, to the detriment: of pure morality, and the breaking down of those safeguards which should protect sobriety and - tne singmg was excellent, me .nymns and anthems being well chosen and timely. The burden of the spirit, which rested upon the, speakers, seemed to r ue me- linui iaiit.c ui mc pcupie exercising the powers they hold with the heavens, and so ordering their lives that those powers may be steadily and surely Increased. Fasting' and prayer, the attending of fast, meetings and strict observance -- nf ihp Wnrd nf Wisdom Tnd repeatedly urged as certain means"by which the' most satisfactory results are to be obtained. One very interesting feature was a meeting of the Deseret Sunday School, Unionr held on the eve ning of the 9th, at which valuable reports pertaining to Sunday School matters On the were given. following .evening "A. held their, meeting; which .was the M. I. greatly enlivened - and enlightened by an epistle from President Wilford Woodruff. . The reports. of the different Stake organizations were also' very encouraging. The morning of the 8th (the third, and last, day,) was chiefly occupied by Apostle Lorenzo Snow in a highly interesting and characteristic discourse. And, very appropriately, the .1 r irsr rresiaency reaaing 01 concluded the conference; ,v andin-structio- ns . " , 1 T 1 " . : ; L. G. ; Richards. QUESTIONS OF THE HOUR. . - youngpeopler against was delightful; peace and good order prevailed- - Editor. Woman's Exponent: It is a long time since I have written you. My silence is not due to a dearth of subjects upon which to write, nor for the lack of time, neither from any laziness of feeling, but from a disposition to remain silent for a while and note passing events. One change follows so quickly ' upon the heels-- of another now-a-daas to almost bewilder the beholder, while the writer of current history is often' compelled to brine to an abrupt termination ys the description of the scene of yesterday, because of the all absorbing topic of In fact, very few are capable of jceeping paceL5yithLth.es,e,,fagt, occurring events and "something more than ordinarily startling must happen to at all excite our jtoerr-nHfijrpTise- 7 lam often led to ask myself what is the tendency of all this happening? for happening it really is in the main, and not the result of the exercise of calm and dispassionate judgment. All classes of society gre seriously disturbed, and the waves of their agitation sometimes run mountains. high threatening destruction on every hand. The political world rent asunder as'it social life presents a deplorable spectacle; wh-ilbids fair to be torn into rags and tatters. We look in vain for a calm sea upon which floats the religious world for their continual antagonisms too plainly denote tliat peace is not there". The isolation that we enjoyed (I mean the Lat- y Saints) for so many years is a thing of the past, for the agitators of Society, both religious and political as well as social, are among us stir-in- g up strife, and are maddened beyond description because we will not take issue with them up- 'on any one of their 'favorite questions; for. there is a fixed determination on their part to drag us down to their level and compel us to bow at their to-da- y. is-- , e ter-da- EDITORIAL NOTES... Dr. Elvira S.' Barney exhibited in this office a Tape Worm, 31 feet in length, taken this week from a young man about 17 years old. She makes "this one of her specialties. This is an item worth knowing when many have suffered for years without knowing any means for relief, as did this young man for five years. She says she will ho'-- rs a fter guarMtee. a removaL.wiihin.-2- 4 comtreatment. . , mencing . . CONFERENCE ITEMS. The late General Conference, -- u held at Provo was attended City largely by an earnest and attentive Latter-daof the eagerly portion Saints. All things seemed to favor the enjoyment of those who were privileged to be there. The weather y ' " shrine. The political elemeht,fearful of our strength be" cause of our unity, have beenengaged n.yjtemi ancallystealing our .'political weapons for years stealmg is the" word and I speak advisedly when I use it; but the very acme of meanness and cbwardice was pastStejH reached by them when they took from woman her only weapon, the franchise.. Years ago woman was brought within the political arena throughtheir clamor and had presented to her this weapon, new and bright;. and now, because they' have watched ii tii u iu ace uci usc-it- -as incy-uiciat- cu, . 