A WOMAN'S EXPONENT.. away from the soi-lcommitted defds of iin we'would feel ft greater angutih, but we part fromyou wun me gnowieogc mat you u.ui.1, passeu away jnuc, iwcjjr of calmnes3 in putting you e iTit llfp Had von TUno u "v?' j Alice Smith Mehuii.i,. , OUR . TWENTY-FOURT- H. to The other day is ours. alone, Hie Day when first a band of weary, v . ' . , America." ' ' - . " to backward 'Tis well y in the Gaze, and trace the links the to leads us that chain Great Present: Tlie Theme is w ide, and Deep, and yast, and we can'only Point you to a few, but you can Read from out that mighty book, That holds the Past, the Present and to-da- . Swiftly 4hey turn them from their Happy homes; and eyen now the foe rush In impatience for the prey Now from afar they turn to take a ,. Iast long look when from the Temple Dome burst forth fierce fire and smoke ' Ascending up to heaven; and stricken Do they gaze on this another sacrifice. We cannot follow in their footsteps over "The trackless deserts, nor pause beside the Graves of those laid down to rest by the Lone wayside. They foundlhe Hearea Sought, their feet were firmly planted There, the desert places changed to Smiling fields of grain, of fruits and flowers. Far to tfce East to West the North and South, Thousands have borne to nations far The Gospel truths, and thousands Iuv Been added to the Fold." ' The Future. And it were well for all To read and study faithfully. r In a deep forest, 'neath the blue Vault of heaven, behold on bended Knee a boy, fair haired and young, With hand uplifted pleading unto God, to knor the better way, " Eren the way of life eternal, out Of the mists and darkness that O'enpread the land. Tras thus he prayed: "Father, Thou Hast said, If any lack for wisdom Let him ask of me who giveth liberally And upbraideth not, and it shall be I crave that promise now." Given him. The answer came; two heavenly Beings stood before him, and God the Father, poining to the Son, . Said, "Hear ye Him." s ut . ' 1 " - ' Footsore Pilgrim pioneers were gladdened By the sight of Utah's vales, the chambers Of the Mountains of the Lord Forty long year! ago, our own dear r " . .' , To his view, the path he sought made pla n. Again behold a little band still la the forest wilds, met to reorganize Christ's Church on earth. See kow From there the word of God went forlh Unto the starving multitudes, famishing For the pure bread of life. Read from. The pages of this past,. how the spirit of- -Elijah rested upon them and as an Eagle's wings they came flocking from Afar, to listen to the Prophet's voice, A Prophet taught of God, rh,e Father, and The Son, of Peter, James and John, Moroni And Elijah. What wonder that his Words mre precious were than gold That rapidly he grew in wisdom and in Knowledge far, far beyond his years. - -- r s ' Br.holJ, as fruit of Gospel seed, fair towns And cities into being spring as if by migic, And love and joy and deep thanksgiving Dwell therein. And still the work Rolls on, although each step has been Opposed by Satan's hosts, and loud, Deep threats of violence are heard, And mobs aro$e driving the Saints from Landsjtheir sires had died to gain. : But hark! what means that bitter wail of Anguish, that sudden thrill of pain That makes the stoutest heart stand Still? And as did Jesus cry, "My God, My God, hast thou forsaken us I" Turn thouo.Carthage Jail and then Oebold our Patriarch and Prophet sUin; Sealing their testimony with their blood. Did great work die with them? No! This is the fortieth year for ion In the wilderness. Mark it, ye wise Men of the Nation; think of the Doom of Pharaoh and hi hosts, who Dared to fight against Jehovah's Power, and wisdom learn, that Ye may save this nation from a Fate as dark as that which humbled , In the dust proud Egypt And, her Kings. Think of it, ye Saints, for it" is 'Nar the time when s.Israel Will be numbered, and Chriit Will clatm his own, the Pure in heart. llov. -- Then was a heavenly vision opened LETTER FROM SANDWICH ISLANDS. - Editor E xpon ent: fund, tithing, aud the erecting of a new tabernacle in the Capital city, Honolulu; and more will be received before'our next conference. On the 18th "ef last' month' we held. a joint meeting at this place, a go"odly number from other branches being present, to reporLtheir labors and receive instructions from the servants of God. To show with what interest and faitli they gathered to the meeting, I have but to say that some of ..the old sisters, who were not suppUed with horses, walked nearly all the way from Honolulu to the place, a distance of 32 miles. Yet they felt to rejoice in traveling in "the interest of the work of God. In order to extend the work of exhortation to . "all. the branches of the Society on the other islands', we sent out missionary sisters "to pert form that labor. After the close of the meeting we invited the officers of this Society, the victors and the old sisters td take supper at the mission house in haole (white) ttyle. It propably being, the first supper of the. kind that many of them had ever attended; it called . forth much gratitude on their part and much amusement on ours, as I presume it was the first time that some of them had ever tried to eat. with a knife and fork. Spread before them of the mission"' oh the large diningroom-tablhouse, vvas a young boiled pig, a largo roast of beef, soup, Dutch cheese, buns, fried cakey, pies, and white and brown bread. There was no poi, their staff of life, as at present there is- -a famine for that article. Had this been spread on a mat on the floor; with no knives and forks, leaving the fingers to convey both meat and soup to the mouth, all would have felt at home, but seated around a table and supplied with the necessary implements of a feast, placed many of them., in an awkward position, and when our attention was drawn away, many a finger slipped into the meat and soup dishe?, and many a fried cake was concealed in tho pocket, to provide for future need, this being an ancient custom of the natives. After sup per they returned with new energy for the work" ok the Lml, and "full of good spirit," as they eay. On the .9th inst, a Hawaiian fe.st was given in celebration of the organization of this Society, in which a good time wa3 enjoyed. A d liberaLdonation &ejaectingrhtftXwili-forbe- ar lengthening my letter at present. The! Societies are at present in a Jively condition, and are doing as good a3 canba expected of them. The Hawaiian sisters havegood ability in many things. Their making of quilts, straw-hats- , mats, etc., is very praiseworthy. We are striving to fulfill our mission honorably here among this people, and to" this end put our dependence in our Heavenly Father, and we trust the prayers of our sisters in, Zion will avail u much, while we are all laboring to the same great and rand end. i our sister in the Gospel, Libuie No ALL. Laie, Oahu, July 15, 1887. " e . -- te , . ; ... The Gospel truths they, taught found riace in many hearts, the Twelve Stepped forth to belr the Kingdom" on,- -mantle resting on our Jhijham Young. Nauvoo, Queen of the West, had . Reared her temple grand, and there-- . ' More Keys aivd powers werd given-W- hile .;' smiling plenty filled the lami,- And still the work rolls on. Again there comes "a cry from baffled . Foemcn, who Jiad said if we but Slay the Leaders,- then the work will cease, Listen now unto the Mandate, oh, ye Heavens and spirits of our Pilgrim fathers: into the wilderne-- or lier ilDeny your God! Go-oFor we will wipe you out with sword and fire !M Did they then falter? No, for Brigham's Voice was heard, "Unto your tents, oh, Israel, we'll seek that home. . 'Mid the rocky wilds, and savjg; tribo'j Denied us here in free " s ; days to be July has given to us Remembered with deep love and jo And gratitude by all true hearts; Tho first, this mighty Nation's natal day, The glorious Fourth, which millions sing the songs of Liber ty Join to celebrate,-an-d Twenty-fourt- h " 43 -- foll.-.wp- The Lord has said He remembereth the lilts' of the sea, and while we find great consolation in His words, we do not wish to be i forgot ten in Zion, who are probably by our not aware of the good work being done by the native sisters of these islands Hoping, there fore, that a few items in regard to the Relief Society of this mission may be of interest to Learn from the earliest days to inure your the subscribe I readers, following, principles against the perils of ridicule ; you your many will in mind the charbear that you trusting can no more exercise your reason if you live acter and class of' people among whom we la in the constant dread of laughter than you bor. caa enjoy your life if yon are in constant terOn this island, Oahu, there are four large. ror of death. branches of the Relief Society, among whom I The first step in debt is like the firct step in have been laboring since our last April Con falsehood, almost involving the necessity of ference, endeavoring, as much as my know proceeding in the Sirao course, debt following ledge of the language would permit, to exhort them to obedience in observing the coun- - dfbt as lie follows li.Vr Hayden, tbo painter, dated his decline from the day on wnich he sel given by the servants of the Lord, and in first borrowad money. Samuel Smilc3becoming live laborers in the building up of Etlucation should be regarded as capital inHis Kingdom here upon the eaith. They arc be and can stirred vested for tho future, from which a profit may an excitable people easily into as and soon sink and life be to derived' in subsequent life. It pays an anenergy, just indolence cud evil if left to themselves. Sinco nual income without expense for insurance, reour conference the four Societies of this island pairs cr taxes. A good education ia a mora have donated $124 for the Temple, mission Mann. tasting resource than riches.--ro- ra . - - . 