85 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. e grave beflowers was lowered into the new-madside the little sister and brother who had gone - . small Primary Fair, with a creditable display from the children. , Meeting was held the, same evening at Orange-villean- d Sisters Young and Larsen assisted the in Bishop reorganizing ' the Young Ladies' AssoI ciation. , At Huntington Sister Young spent-ththe Sabbath School and spoke to the children. At seven o'clock the same evening the -- meetings-Sister Relief Society-hel- d oung-found at Huntington Sister Lucy Morley Allen, the daughter of Patriarch Isaac. Morley ; she was baptized November, 1830, 6n the same day as Z Sister Stanton, who died reeently. On Monday, the 24th, Sister Young and six of the. sisters who had been visiting the Stake-i- n company with her, .accompanied her as far as Price. Sister Young was reliably informed that in all Emery Stake there was but one saloon, and that was at the railroad station at Price, and yet there are in that county something over 26,000 in- ; before, and the singers, Prof. Beesley, Judge Geo D. Pyper, Miss Thomas and Miss Beesley, sung in pathetic voice the beautiful hymn, " for an Elder in Israel to decide in his mind what to the Saints of God. This is he is going to And I will say this, that the way I feel there are times 111 a man's life when he cannot neip sy to-da- y. day, Since I have entered this Tabernacle, and looked upon this congregation, my mind has The Rev. M,. Thrall read from the New Testaverted to my life from the time I became a memment some of the choicest selections of the words ber of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-daof our Savior, and made brief comments, after S aintsand ihlsien irejid ers inmvbos cm some ve r v hlcF Bishop" Whitney (who is a relative of the solemn reflections. Fifty-fou- r years ago this last bereaved mother) kpoke for a short time. Counspring I traveled a thousand miles with the selor D. H. Wells dedicated the grave, and offered Prophet Joseph, andliis brother Hyrum, Brothers a solemn atid touching prayer., Mr. Thrall made Kimball, George A. Brigham Young, Heber brief closing remarks, and earth was heaped upon Smith, and. a ureat many other men some 205,in the. little one laid away, but as the pillow of all mostly Elders in Israel for the redemption ; .flowers which lies at his head says, 'He of our brethren to assist them in the midst of for the sorrowing father and mother there persecution. Our Prophets and Patriarchs, many is consolation only in the words of our Savior and of them, have passed away. They are on the the healing efficacy of time. Those other side of the vail. Since we came into these lines, that are always new to the sorely tried, came of. last valleys forty years ago the twenty-fourt- h to my mind on that occasion: T Ynuncr Tiik' rlrnve- -President habitants.. c into this vallev, in J J "Come, ye disconsolate, where'erye languish, my carriage, and he was sick at the time eleven During her visit, Sister Young met with a numCome, at the shrine of Godiervent'y kneel; ber of old acquaintances, and some who were sisk of the Apostles have passed away. They are in tell here wounded anguish, hearts, your Here bring your the 'spirit world mingling withf the Gods, where and afflicted and sought "to 'administer comfort Earth hatk no sorrow 'that heaven canjiot he.al,.. arid "consolation On the 25th,' Stster Young iucsc uc ic- iney caii jjicau iln wicii uicuncu. when flections that rest upon my mind-a- s I occupy this turned her face homeward, bidding good-byto There is" comfort for the bereaved parents in their purity the goorl sisters and people of Emery Co. She stand where I have met day after day and year the precious little ones are taken whatever doubt Have I no after year with these noble men.- President John and innocence,, and stopped a day or two at Springville, theri to with to them; they Pro vo," where she hadhTreasure of attending7 Taylor, who was our last President and Apostle, that there is a shining escort go them to alone ; has also taken his departure. The last time I was the lecture of Elder John Nicholson to the youth do not go out into the darkness - there is no "dark valley or shadow of death." The (n this house I met here with him. His work is of Zioa. She speaks highly of the lecture, and finished. He has gone into the spirit world, where last words uttered by the little sufferer were, believesit will do great good to the young people. we shall all go very soon. Sometimes, in my re "Good bye, mama,good bye ;" then one final strug flections, Lfeel somewhat lonesome when I think gle for breath and all was over. WILFORD WOODRUFF PRESIDENT these matters over. I feel as if I had lived two "Weep not for those.whom the vail of thejtcrr?b o r, t h r e e. ge n e ra t io n s 5ince the days of Kirtland In life's happy morning hid from our eyes , on Delivered the following: discourse and Nauvoo. or since tlte establishment of this Ere sin threw a blight o'er the spirit's ytfting bloom, Oct. 1885, in the 9, Sunday, skies.?' Tabernacle, for the was born Church and Kingdom with which I have been as- Or earth had profaned what ' Salt Lake "City: sociated for so many years. I realize myself that Little Percival was looking forward with intense I. shall not dwell a great while upon the earth. I pleasure to the birthday of his Grandpa Wells, on My brethren and sisters and friends: Byway do not expec to dwell a great whi e longer with which occasion each of the grandchildren were to of introduction I desire to say that I feel to thank Saints. I have lived to the age of the Latter-da- y represent a flower, the whole to form a Bouquet of God and all my friends for the blessing I enjoy at Ts, and when I contemplate the four score-yeathis time for the privilege, once more, of enterBeauty; Percival waslo be a Chrysanthemum, and multitude that has passed away siiicerwe entered was reciting his verse the morning before he died, ing this Tabernacle and beholding the faces of the these valleys of the mountains, I can only expect he had himself composed two lines. But he has Latter-daSaints. And I feel a good deal as to take my turn with the rest. But I will say this, joined a still larger gathering of little ones in the Mark Antony did when he went to bury Csesar, . t r r .u r t 1 i icjuii,c ui jtouj ru lu.uic- uuapti KsVif ahnvp where there" will he no viiimi, ' ... icjiJlvc Ti "I come tu bury Cesar, ' i ' I ot tne in work the in uoa; rejoice principles or more pain, and death and sorrow cannot enter him." I come to see the Latter day Saints, but eternal life, light and truth, which have been rethere forevermore. 7 cot to preach to them. - You have plenty of Apos- Saints. vealed to the Latter-daties and Elders to preach the word of the Lord. We have been called as a people to pass through . unto you. But I have long desired to again enter VISIT TO EMERY STAKE. a great deal of affliction in our day.and time. But this Tabernacle of the Lord and see the Latter-da- y this eternal truth remains on earth and in heaven Saints. It has been some three years,. ! think, Sister Zina D. H.. Young left .the city by the D. that the God of Israel has set His hand to establish since I have met with the Saints of God in this and R. G. train,7 October 18th, for the South His Church and Kingdom upon the earth, and to I and arrived at Price at 6 p.m., where Bishop "bouser fuTfiTlhe revelations contained within the-H-oly I not would felt to be that it Confereote. o tne at doing Frantzen met her at the depot, and 7 clock Bible, the Old and New Testament, as well as a harm Renation and of our the of a nion mighty attended any great same evening she meeting other records which have been given concerning sixty millions of people for two or three old men, lief Society in the ward meeting house. The the last dispensation and fulness of times. or eighty years of age, to come into seventy-fiv- e house was well filled. We are all of us, brethren and sisters, depend- Latter-da- y the look and at ' The next this Tabernacle Saints to over drove Huntington, morning Father fnr all nitr nl iinrn Clnr nur and at the faces of their wives and children. I and journeyed on to Ferron,where a meeting of the both temporal and spiritual. Indeed, do not know that I have a wife or child here. If blessiugs, sisters was held, and the Y. ,L. M. I. A. was reorWillie l LUUitiiipian. yui pivgicos, um ttuvnutc I have they will be able to how old I have ganized. which we live, ment, and the signs of the timr-s.ius Some we met. last tried have since of of conference the 20th the grown of On the morning Latter-day I feel that we, as Saints, should try to to keep the law to such an extent that we have al the Relief Society was held at Ferron, Mrs. Annie fully realize and comprehend our responsibility most forgotten bow our wives and children look. I U. Larsen,Presidentof Emery Stake R.S., presidbefore God, before each other, before the heavens God bless the Marshal and to of minutes the feel, however, the say, receive will We probably ing. and before the earth. officers of the government as far as they can exerI have for a long time had a desire to mingle at 10 a.m., the Y. L- conference, and at 3 p.m. the cise mercy, charity and humanity toward the Latterwith the Latter-da- y Saints, and to take part in in fulfilling their duty as officers of Saints -day in connection and was conference held, Primary their institutions the Sabbath Schools, the Muthe government. I feel thankful to day for this with it a Fair, the articles mostly made by the tual Improvement Associations, and with the vari privilege, and I feel at peace with all mankind, I children, though the young ladies had contributed ous UIgd.Illd.llUUS Ul UHS JJUl 1UI SCVCIdl some. There were some nice hair flowers, am at peace with all my friends. As to my enemies, in I other portions of the years have been laboring I do not know that I have any. Jf I have, I hope crochet-worperforated card work, pincushions been have and deprived of the privilege country, that we may be at peace upon the principles of and other fancy work, besides handsome patchof meeting with the Saints so fair as this portion, the Gospel of Christ, of righteousness and of work quilts, and several kinds of vegetables raised of the Territory is concerned. bv the little hovs. The next meeting: was at truth. I have desired from my youth up to become. acNow, with regard to preaching to you, my Muddy, at 7 o'clock p.ra , and Sisters Young and is I a subject have brethren and sisters, that Larsen assisted the brethren in reorganizing the quainted with the truth as contained in the Gosper of Jesus" Christ. Frm my youth up I have had a Relief Soeiety at that place. preached this thought very little about. j r desire to live and find the people of God on the years, and have learned Went to Molen next day, where meeting was Gospel for some earth. I have lived to see that day. I have live eld at one o'clock. A very full meeting and a by experience a great while ago that it is no use -r- - --- "Rest on the hillside, rest." ' : 33rd-Visite- e - old-fashion- ed . y -Y- " only-sleeps,- d . . " . . - " -- -- -- e - -- . y 1 -- . : w : m y . felt-aout-ci)m- - k, - - - . fifty-fou- ing 1 