WOMAN'S EXPONENT. There is still another class of useful men and women I. will mention, who exercise their brains to invent all the several branches of mechanism, some one thing and some another. .These in- tendingyour conventlbnof July igth, the anniver- of rights put forth sary of the spirited declaration some of the noblest and most thirty years ago by ' ' enlightened women of America Woman's rights have made rapid' strides since Jhat day n juster legislation in. widened spheres of improvement, an(j in the gradual, but certain recognition by large numbers of cHizens of the justice and policyof extending the elective franchise1 to women. Itjs now very generally conceded that the time is rapidly approaching when women will vote. The friends of the movement have faith in the result, and its enemies generally admit it. Courage and work will hasten the day. The worst difficulties have aIrdv"bTeTT"Overcome ventors, if successful, are not only benefactors to the age in which they live,"but in many instances to succeeding generations, and thus their names are held in Honorable Yeriiembrance. But to mention each and every class separately would occupy too much time. There is an endless varietyof ways in which to be useful both to ourselves and others, but which is the best or most successful way for each depends more or less on surrounding arrive at some- circumstancesand yet-vemay-- ThcTnemenHras4general--conlusions- thft-oBut perhaps you will say I have particularly al- abuse, passed the stage of ridicule, and evert luded to men. Thai in line; ineireem-to-tak- ei and has" entered that of intelligent discussion, its You precedence in all these things, and yet there have worst adversaries treating it with respect. are so familiar with al lthe arguments in favor of been women who have filled projnjnnjpgsjtigjis with as much dignity and credit to themselves as this great reform, that I will not attempt to state themTbut I wish to 'say, that as'Sn observer of men. Women have ruled over nations, and have honored in their' stations, and Jiave conferred, public events, it is my deliberate judgment that Jeen .as great benefits upon their subjects, and given your time is near at hand. "There are vastly more satisfaction (andin someJnstances-moje- ) quite men and women in the United States now, who as: men, and women have made themselves believe that women should have the right to vote, " of great use to the world, or the age in which they than there were in : 1848 who believed the slave lived. But I will try to come dovn to the subject should be freed. This is a government of opinions, as relates to myself. I have spent considerable and the growing opinion will be irresistible. time, and I hope some of it in preparing to make "Respectfully yours, A. A. Sargent." myself useful to others, but as ye, comparatively, I do not seem to have accomplished much, still I This letter was written in 1878, but Senator Sarhave not been indolent; my time has been almost liberal same advocated these since ever has gent entirely occupied, and. I reflect a great deal how( views. He would not, we are confident, have to make the best use of it possible. voted to have, the suffrage taken from the women There are a multitude of little trifles performed of Utah, for he believed in the progress of women, every day, that seem nothing, and yet each of riot in hindrances put in the way. these are of use; their worth should be estimated -. Such men should be remembered with gratitude ; . their numbers, not by their magnitudeby they have enriched the world by living in it, and I cannot satisfy myself on this subject, but will their deeds will live after them. sum up my ideas thus: The one who helps most to do good to others, lives most truly a life of use fulness. HOW TO BECOME USEFUL IN LIFE. ' ;r Emma Wells. as-mu- ch- . . How very many different ways there are of being useful, but to become most so, I can scarcely determine. There is a great diversity of opinions upon this j5ubject. !tMany very talanted persons, who possess superio- rselves, almost exclusively, to the pursuit of science, perhaps some particular branch, arid then most generally give the world the benefit of their investhen tigations. Perhaps it has been a the whole world is the gainer, consequently we --.may lives of true usefulsay such have really-le- d ' ness. ; There is another class who aim to be great statesmen and politicians, and exert all the energies they possess to attain a complete and thorough knowledge of how best to govern and control the affairs of state. This class, if they really desire the interests of the people and seek to make the condition of their fellow men better, must assuredly rank among the useful of mankind. Then again there is the philanthropist, who, perhaps, denies himself thatwhich would be pleasant and agreeable to him, that he may materially benefit others. He tries by every means in his power, to improve the social condition of his fellow men, and to elevate them in the scale of being. He seeks to raise, up those who are bowed down, to alleviate the sufferings toameliorate..the condition-o- f the captive, and in shortwe must acknowledge that his life is to all within his reach, useful and January, 1874. intelligeni;eLiind-iinteUect,jdevote-jtherrxL- r- life-wor- k; -- .'": x r beneficial. ;' Others again live only to be useful in the service of the Lord, caring little for the usages of society; seek not the pride of the world, or the perish they able things which pertain thereto, but labor to save the souls of the children of men to teach the ; principles of salvation according to their peculiar ideas or religious beliefs. Theytbo, may be accounted useful. '"'.. IMPROVEMENT. First weTnust remember to do iinto all people , as we would they should do unto us. Love our enemies, and do good to -- them, that despitefully use us. Some of the sayings of our enemies are too true to a great extent. One of their general remarks is that the greater portion of our young people can not tell why they are Latter'day Saints. This should not be, for the time will soon ,cpme,: when all those who do not know this to be the true Church of Christ, will cease to be members of this Church, and thus become like seed sown on stony ground, which thrived for awhile and then died out. First we should live each day so as to enjoy the Spirit of the Lord, to guide and direct us. Secondly, we should study the scriptures, more especially the Old and Nejv Testaments, so we will be thoroughly posted on the principles of the Gospel, and able, at any lime, to defend the same. Unless we do so every time an opportunity presents itself, we will be condemned for neglect of duty ; and it would have been better had we never been connected with the Church. A few years hence our parents wiifhave passed from this stage of action, and we in their, place will have to take hold of this Kingdom vyith its mighty labors and problems and roll it on, And also the time .isvnot far distant when we will be the only people who will sustain the constitution of the government under which we live, which guarantees to every person the right to worship God according tolthe dictates of their own consciences, and freedom, liberty and equal rights to all; of which the present rulers of that government are striving and, to a great extent, depriving us. And thus unawares fullfilling the prophecies predictedwby Joseph Smith as well as many pro. " phets of old.-"- Now in. view of the great work and mighty .problems., which this kingdom and the government under which we live comprise, each young person should ask himself the .question: am I better fitted for this great work than my parents 6r the rulers of the day? Worl sperity alone will not fit us, nor mere book learning endow us for the great labor that; awaits us; but a faithful performance of every duty and a gradual advancement upon all" true principles connected with the government upon thd earth. This Gospel will fit usjor.this great labor. We have no time to idle away, until we have Tally posted ourselves" iwith the principles of-- . the Gospel.--elHo4e-- d on e rsora a ny duties, There We should attend! Sabbath School jiegnjailvand every other meeting we possibly caff, especially the Imprqvement Association, ancT feel willing to perform our parts in the programme. I should be pleased to note a greater interest among the young in these meetings, a greater dethink the officers,-mor- e, sire to improve themselves. especially should attend and feel (deeply interested in this great work. We should also'read all the good books, we can. Wm.Wallace: "l am -We can then say with-Si- r sure to converse with none but wise men, but abroad it is impossible for me to avoid the society of fools." And as Sir John Herschel, calling good books the best sdeiety in every period of history;-"We- re I to pray for a taste which should stand me instead under every variety of circumstances and be a source of happiness and cheerfulness through life and shield against the ills, however things , might go amiss, and the world fro ,vn upon me, it ' would be a faste for reading; good books." By 'doing this you are placed in the best society, the wisestjTwittiest, lenderest, bravest and the purest characters that have adorned humanity. One can- ""hofwonder that Tenelan said: t;If the crowns of all the kingdoms of the empire were laid at my Tee t in exchange for my books and my love for reading, I would spurn them all;" or that the Historian, Gibbon, wrote: "A taste for books is the glory and pleasure of my life. I woujd not, exehange it for the glory of. the Indies' All these words of wise readers show that they who rightly cultivate the reading habit, can not only have the best society and friends always at hand," but at length can saywithrall modesty if hereads right and remembers. well, My mind to me a kingdom is. May we evei?be found faithful to the cause of truth, is the prayer and desire of a brother. R. F. Barr. Nephi, March 26, 1 887. cx-perform. is-so-- mu ; f -- 53 " -- . f - . . . . BIOGRAPHY OF MRS. MARY ANN YOUNG. V Mrs. Mary Ann Young, wife of President Jkigham Young, was the daughter of James W. Angell and Phebe Morton Angell. Her father was born in Sinithfield, Rhode Island, Oct. 15th, 1776, and her mother in or near Utica, New York, March 28th, 1786. Their daughter Mary Ann, some items of whose history we arc about to give, was born June 8th, 1803, at Seneca, Ontario Co., New York. -- Both parents were of a religious nature, and - the teachings and early training or Mrs. Young were calculated to' develop the most sublime' and"detiGJQaLtendencie great reader, particularly of the Scriptures, and was a man of good understanding. Her mother too, was very fond of reading raud explaining i the Scriptures to her children, and especially the wSrds of the Savior. Mrs. ,Youug says, when she first commenced attending Sunday School, the first text she learned to repeat was, " When thou prayest, pray not as the Pharisee and hypocrit, but enter into thy closet and shut thy door." This text was very strongly impressed upon her mind, and the feeling it 