77 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Woman 'S- bXPONENT. - .. WELLS, EMMZLlMi.B, mair;etr firm, sieadfast and immoveable in those eternal principles "Hippn 'which ' the Gospel is fo und e (1. ' .Editor. - - -- ' -- ' r ' And thus, while passing,through difficulties and suiTering for the truth's sake, the Saints. have 'reason to rejoice in it all, knowing that the triumph is sure, and the reward cannot fail. in rf.ilt Lnke City, Utah Terms: oncpy Bix montiis, 31,00. Ten. serai-montM- one ciWoueye.tr, ?2.pO; ', '"..'J V.'" copies for the price of uine.' ' Advertising- rates:- - Each square, ten lines of noiiparci SlOO liberal discount cpace, one time, J..OO; per month, advertisers.to regular Exponent ofliec, No. 25 E., South Temple Street, second 10 u.m pate ea-- t of Deseret Nows (Mlice, Business ijours froip ;,"" to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. -- - s THE MlNORl '1" Y R E P O R T. It is a little satisfaction to"!; now that there e? among 'the Utah Commission, two' men whose opinions on the subject of more legislation for Utah Address'all business communications to FUBLISIIKR WOMAN'S EXPONENT, ' Sa i.f Lakk City. Utah. differ essentially fioni the majority, and who seem to have some conscientious "convictions, and are not in favor cf more severe laws or enforcement of laws than what are already in force. The mi- -' nori'y report to which we refer contains some quotations from Madison and Jefferson that bear, strongly upon the question treated upon and every true lover of justice would do 'well to bear them in, " Lake City, Salt .OCTOHKR 15, IS87.V OCTOBER. October is the month that see'ms All woven willi midsummer dreams; She brings for us the golden d:ys " That fill the air with smoky haze; She brings for us the lisping breeze, ' And wake the gossips in the trees, "Who whisper, in the vacant nest "r Forsaken by its feathered guest. t to ing, Now half the birds-forg"Arid half 'of them have taken wing, their pathway shail bg lost ' Beneath the gossamer of frost; the gay leaves fly Now one the yellow sky; Zigzag across v They rustle here and flutter there, Until the bougli hangs chill and bare. What oy for us what happiness' Shall cheer the" day, the night shall bless? the very last 'Tis Hallow-e'en- , Shall keep for us remembrance fast. V hen every child shall duck the head To find the precious pippin red . . . .mi nckJ.iefe.rt n'c.c. abomade is ..to ihe .Suprime Court of the United Stales and the quotation- made is. in unmistakable language." The Supreme Court of the United States has declared that ' La v.' s a r ena d e for ihe goveir.mt.nt: of actions ' " and they.cannot interfere w ith mere religious Conbelief, they may With practices;. gress cannot pass a law for the" government of, I lie Tei rit 0 rje s ay h : ch s h a p '0 h bi t h e ft ee exercise of '"religion. 1 he to the'eonstitu- tion expressly forbids such legislation. Religious freedom is guaranteed ever) where throughout the United States so far as Congressional interference ' is concerned. S Otto, 145.3 or Madison the says .sententiously "Religion, : duty we owe to the Creator, is not within the vince of civil goverr.men-t.' Jellerson says: "Believing that religion is a mat-- . ter which lies solely between man and his God; and that he owes account to none other for his Frank Dempster Sherman in St. Nicholas for October. faith or his worship; that the legislative powers of the govt.rnm.ent reach actions only and OCTOBER CONFERNNCE, not opinions, I contemplate with solemn reverence that act of the whole American people which deconference held this month in The clares that their legislature, should make no law Salt Lake City, was replete with interest throughrespecting an. establishment of religion qf protheTabernacle was out. The first morning; S Jefferson's hibiting the free exercise thereof." -mf-ei itc ed'f n n rm d t r e o and crowd edytt -- ". r7 g aydve Work; it 3 a fie r noon; and on S u lTdXyTufifcb'eTi s wen fa Upon the passage of the Act of March, 3, 1887, to obtain seats, while many stood in the similar views were expressed by .distinguished, aisles and doorways during, the service. A great senators fiom Vermont and Kansas. deal of emotion was evinced when President Acting, upon these fiuidamentaF canons, andlh W ilford W ood ru ff-- me'-- nJLh us ip re viousJ a cc o ela n c e -- 4 h w ithet s of Congress,-thto the commencement of the afternoon services. has fi om time to time, commission Never upon any Sabbath day in the Tabernacle in official reports and otherw.ise7assuri d the eswas there such an expression made of mon people that the government of the United' this as teem and reverence twhen aged man' States had no design to coerce them concerning and servant of God appeared in the midst ' of their church membership or their religious opinthe people, after an absence of nearly three ions; andthat all that was required, and all that a to been have must It could rielitfully be rtquiiecl, 'was that they testimony years. him that he cou'd not fail to apprecishould come within the laws and abandon the ate, of the genuine love and esteem of the practice of polygamy. For example, in the comhim mission's first annual report, of November 17, day Saints. God grant many such opporhe tunities of meeting with the Saints, and may 1882, it said: "the legislation of Congress .as we live to accomplish all that he desires to do for the understand it is not enacted against the religion of his have no and and the enemies dead, living any portion of liie people of this territory. The him in hinder of the to the law under which we are acting is directed against power performance the crime of polygamy." great work to which he has been called. . It is something. to rejoice in, under the circum-These gentlemen gi ve'their ideas concerning plustances, that at such a multitudinous gathering's ral marriage and its effects, which are entirely disthat of Sunday, the 9th of October, that so many proved by facts as they exist hoe, but as it is not of the quorum of the Apostles could be present, expected that those outside the principles of the nd that the people might enjoy the. privilege of faith of the Church can comprehend this higher looking uppn their faces, and of hearing them order of marriage as the Latter day Saints do, it speak and bear testimony. It" was a good day for is not strange that they should agree with other Israel, and no doubt many hundreds w ent away writers upon the subject. Still men spending so not only edified and instructed and comforted, but much time in the midst of this peop'e, if they happier in spirit and feeling at liaing been perwere frefrom prejudice and disposed to investigate mitted to behold again those who have borne in a carefully would be likely, to arrive at different congreat measure the responsibility of the establishclusions than such as they express in the following ing of this kingdom, and from lime to time perseparagraph: cution, affliction, hardship and privation, yet re- "In a larger view, polygamy is adjudged by the - ! . 1 first-amendmen- . i 1 1 t by-.r- e ; . - . " ! -- ' semi-annu- al , - 1 1 "' : . . le way-unab- ca antLj 1 e-- a ff - , Published enlighteried nations to be a manifold evil. It'is the parent of caprice, cruelty and "IfcenseT Irentrvatcs the- male and degrades the female. Socially, politically and physically, it is. corrupting and deteiioraling. Despotic in the family, it is the prototype of despotism in the gov ernment. It Jargely accounts for he. differing characteristic of the Asiatic and European ; fat the indolence and feebleness of the one, and the energy and enterprise of the other. Inferiority is its badge. In the armed contests of rival civilizations alike in ancient Greece and moderj) India, it succumbecbto the superiority of monogamy. It is at variance with the. divine economy if that, originally God created Uut one man and one woman, Adam and Eve, each as the only partner most e J J 'r 11 wt1 net- - if -- t li f ri li r T ruiJlllir Incl o i o rrn sequence, it is irfecpncilable' t the idea of the marriage covenant as practiced and revered by the masterful Teuton, Celt and- Anglo Saxon. In the matter of abolishing '"polygamy" byen. bill forcing at all hazards the Edmunds-Tucke- r and The all jW'ith penalties theteunto appertpains nor officers of the law have, the aining-, Congress in- never considered the cruelties thus women and children (leav- dieted upon - X w, , r - r r r 1 1 ----- K n -- - Tki I 1 do not consider that the .plural wife, loves and devotedly as the first her husband ivifp thai thp rhilrhen nrf rnmnlMplv rnlibpd nf it m ,fi liA fat hp r.ns far as it is ihp mrpnt-i- l t irnt in tnr n.v.vfr nr i.onress tn an srr. t an u e possible that these men think seriously of the ly f- -r I 4 many who have died in consequence? Or do a matter to enter the sacred they deem eif so small "' i t i precincts ot a loving nome, ana rena asunaer tne most holy ties of husband and wife, who have solemnly covenanted before God and angels, not only for time, but for all eternity? There is, however, n boundary over which they cannot pass, and where they can have no jurisdiction, nor can they sit in judgment there on their fellow beings. The questions propounded to Judge Zane by Hon. John A. McClernand .of the Utah Commis-.siowho, with A. B. Carlton made ihe Minority Report to. the Secretary of the Interior at Wash- jngton, u. l,., are to tne point, ana me answers " - V , n, c. i i . areppmveranuuriei: Whether, in your opinion, the existing laws, diligently and strictly enforced, .may l relied on to w oik the cessation ist. of-po- gamy as a practice? . I. .1 1ITT .1. ... ;'..'!..'. in ine com2u.vv neuiewiny case uriginaiing mission of the crime of polygamy since the date act has come under you of the Edmunds-Tucke- r ? judicial' notice 3d. Whether, in your opinion, the alternative provisions of that act extending the electoral franchise to those complying with their conditions, and denying it to those not complying with them, or who are otherwise disqualified, have materially prompted the present movement for a constitutional inhibition of polygamy. Your Obedient Servant, (Sigjied.) " ' ' John A. McClernand. the first question propounded within,' I , Toanswer yes. To the second question, I answer no. To the third question, 1 answer yes. " 1 ; -- - . - C (Signed.) S. Zane. EDITORIAL NOTES. Our readers will readily understand that as we. published the Epistle of President Voodruff and Council, that there is little room for Relief Society Reports or other general matter. The Juab Slake minutes of RT S., Y. L. M. I. A. and P. A., and also'Box Elder, Summit, and Tooele Stakes are on liand, and will have place-i- n the coming issues of the paper. 