 76 educa ihnt t hp.hicr taken anion'' for room tion; yet there is great As the taste tor what may g increases, be called not be negk'cted. should manual labor  The edification of the mind and the 'go hand the body should LihAH educat ion of . k.xiln m;1 tt ou in nana, a jkuhui oiam Manual Joined with a skillful band. labor should e 'mgnuieir amua, The and always be made honorable. tendency, which Is too common ina these days, for young men t) get aud then smattering of education for unsuited tneraselves think mechanical or other laborious pursuits is one that should hot be allowedis to grow, anions us. Of coarse it ncces.ary as socjety is howasorganized, thev are t,.t tna tnnffiifnft. But attention.should receive termed, if. a matter of m ike should " everyone nrtii.. tn he. n nroducer. an I not a consumer alone. Our cbi dr m should hft taunt to sustain tnernselves by 1. i !' . A .. .... ni t i ,i j . . u y ouu oam, ineir o wii iiiuuii onlvto do this, but .to help sustain nthers. and trlat to do this by honest tail ivniii! of the most honorable means which God has furnished to his us in . book-learnin- A , . . I l . Ttl( Sllb th..i.irfh lectof the proper education of the youth of Zion is one of the greatest imnnrtunr.n. President Britmam Young during his lifetime established schools, in Provo and Logan, where the principles of the Gospel have been taught in connection "with other branches of education, and more recently similar schools have been commenced, aud conducted .with - marked sueeesi; in Salt Lake, Beaver : and Fillmore Citiesr " The good results arising from teachreceived in the Provo and Logau ings A ioHuniiiiii oru vert; !l nri)l relit il nil . pleasing to all who have tne interests we regret . of the young at heart, and that such institutions are so limited In number. Tnrough the- - indefatigable labors of Professors Karl G, Maeser, J. Z. Stew art and their associates, these schools have done, and are now doing, a great work In educational advancement, by instilling a knowledge of the- princi ples ol the Uospifi oi me; ana salvation into the minds of our children, upon whose shoulders the Kingdom of God must rest in the near future. We trust it will not bo long before schools of this kind will be established in every city and village where the Latter-da- y Saints reside." In the meantime, however, the Saints should not fail to arail themselves of the privileges that are now offered them in the Provo, Logan, Beaver, Fillmore, , 'and Salt Lake Academies. , -- - . T11K "CHURCH SUITS." 0 WOMAN'S EXPO NENT. it miglit have died from old the seed of Israel through the means lookedwaslike the entwined ten to top fathers, as well a"-tntr. nr nnv Trprsotittl property, sae of the record of their called oak'' itw?wilJ vine with a lovely the Elders:" of as the eachby preaching tor its absolute needs scarlet flowers thickd with on the the green leaves. amung succeeding year. The Church ly interspersed THE ALI1EKT A COLONY. ' Unnfi ha been the owner of wc learn f mm naHinv many ' property, the "gifts and bequests of;an trying to hide ture; lieie. she seemed Recent letters from President-Charleof her 'blemishes and deformi!ies the in charge of our colony in propazation O.. Card, over them this purpose of aiding in the.our children by of a gratithrong Can ad a contain information thus them ol the Gospel effort now Savior making nt, beautiful which soil The upon being fying nature. than originally. Jesus Christ. .THe is said to be very pro- even more attractive made by our government to dissolve thev are located thi sublime follow wc but could the grain and vegetables Oh, or wind up tnese associations, and ductive, and enveloping and by excellent of are example m a munificent ther.frailties quality, escheat their property, is the first of produced mantle of of'ot-ierand nutristock-ithe kind in the history of our people, range forThe s abundam are We ainntrthe traveling for charity. colony is preparing Miss-ourand is believed to be wi hout histori- tious. river the the of 4t banks fkecy families and the composing cal precedent in this country. When winter, ana the summer of the sky clouds houses their will have completed. with tioou cases watch tmse we say m, fl jwers and folia go are rewill readily They have opened a tine vein of coal trees, tne deep interest, the Saintsalone every tint true to lor the witniu three miles of their settlement,, flected in the wati-nelieve tdat it is not a rapidly changing picmaking suits, but whicn is bn Lees Creek, Alberta, life, property involved in these to behold. ture beautiful a'soj.or the principles and rights that Canada. The treatment accorded the Saints We arrived at Kansas City at 5 45p.m. are at stake. been nas and otlicials were met by Mr. Heudershot the people, and by there, considerate aud kind, and the pro'si:ei;tlemaii!v ai d C(nteous ag.ut of OUR SKTTLEMENTS IN AKIZ0N.V. pects for improvements ana prosperity the D.and. R.- G. line well .known to The intelligence which reaches us are good. Brother Card would be glad many of Utan' t)tlers lor owe for to have any of the Saints, contemplataiteutiou from. our settlements in Arizona is aud we note with pleasure ing a change of location, to join him, a brief or longer period iu thb remark-abl- v that the people of the settlements at in that land, and we will gladly ap growing city. After u,.thorouirh of a liotral supply of aqua St. Johns and Woodruff have conquered prove efforts. in that direction. application r ,.H et savouis. aud We mav oe len. nereaner, ito cau 'some ot the difliculties with which partaking free- the? had to contend, and which made some of the brethren to go tr;cre with lv of tne contentsof tlieJancti basketr their position very trying. Indeed, their families, to aid. him in developing we felt more comfortable botn physicthe news from all the Stakes there is the resources of that goodly land. ally and spiritually. My iuauly coma" sti oli tq see the gratifying. panions then took CONCLUSION. ;' the in city they had this, largest ights IN IDAHO. We cannot refrain from expressing ever seen,-- , At 9 0 we again lis u me o ur our own feelings of tUanklul- - journey, and thanks to the kiudnfss of In Idaho, though our people pay to you that-wHeuilers-.o- t we are ensconced iu live in such an age,"and ness taxs and support the schools, every- mat uoa .... 'II!.. Mr. t y. us nas upon car, each having a nesioweu uis Is the denied parlor anthgatit, one of our faith privilege and in.whrvii we pass has chair Priestbood fine reclining permitted of acting in tne capacity of a school llolv We work. His take to a in one nlgnt. great part with, verycorntortable trustee or teacher, and i'0 areassociaieu jfuiyaiTieSaljl.iiUi morniiiLniitilz our belief can take the test oattr that are tDaukiui-inat-wbut rather cloudy, with a fe.v rain- has been prescribed by the Legislature. with this people called ; that we live in a Gay when drops falling, which, served to enhance The Mtuation of the people there is and and Apostles nave been raised the oeau'y of the scene the Prophets one that excites great sympathy. They are practically denied the rights of up in the Church of Christ; and that flowers .look so brigut and clear show-iu- g up the varied tints so beautif uiiy. American citizens tiirough the infa- God has stretched forth His band to miks We traveled for many mous test oatb law which was enacted fulfil His great and marvelous purbeen whicn have of tiie banks by the poses predicted Spring the along IHs very trying by Legislature. Mis-ouland in that to their patience and bears heavily up- the mouths of the holy prophets since River on them. But the day must come the world began. WTe testify in the "where the Saints suffered so many when they will be relieved from the name of our Lord and Master, .Jesus, trials and persecutions. I think the that this is the great work of which rnot poetic imdginatiou coukl not de- Operation of this infamous law. the prophets"have spokeq, that God is pict a, more romantic picture. The the founder of it, and that it will stand pure Clear water af tinier moving, IN COLORADO. forever, and accomplish all that has silently and placidly beneath - the In San Luis Valley, Colorado, the oeen predicted concerning it: Zion is spreading branches of the oak,, efforts of our people to open and cul established and will be redeemed. And at other points it forms' cascade's and tivate farms, and to surround them it is our continual desire unto God that miniature Niairaria's as it dashes over selves with the necessaries and com- Jlis people may be faithful in keeping rocks or falkn trees with musical forts of lile, are meeting with gratify- His commandments and doing His echoes that are heard even above the ing success. This is the more note- will, so that they may be accounted harsher noUs of the swiftiy moving worthy because of the factthat the worthy to stand, aud their cnildren train. Flowers too, nature's fairest great bulk of settlers there have after them, and Inherit the great bless- gems are peeking through the luxuri moved from a warm climate and have ings which He has to bestow upon ant gtass that covers tne moiftened not had experience in battling with the faithful. The day is. not far dis- banks occasionally a stray sunbeam the difficulties that have to be met in tant when our Lord and Savior will be causes tne ttie leaves to the buUdingjipjof new settlements in revealed from the heavens, and we sparkle like ciewuropajoa of diaraouds. The myriads an untried soil and climate. Like the should live In constant expectation of oldtiine grapevine s To ps "are h tie Sai lits 4 y o mingr those-- w ho- - res idei thi great event, andee"k u reyvb ere-v- vc ee many for meil in Colorado have always received' fair power that we can exerci.--e trees fallen, by age covered with sweet treatment .and" encouragement and and obtaia, to prepare ourselves, our. moss and lichen, nature here seeking' kind consideration from their neigh- households and, as lar as we have in- to hide deformities an example that, bors and the officials of the State. fluence, the inhabitants of the earth, even her higher species would do well for His glorious appealing. to imitate, IN MEXICO. Your Brother, WijjreiiQY7travelinztiirouglithe . Our settlements in Mexico are proWiLFoni) Woodruff, fertile region of Arkausas timber aud In are of behalf and the Council of the vegetation seems to grow almost spon-- ; gressing favorably gradually beinaustrengthened, both atI)iaz and Twelve Apostles. taue'ously , corn and cotton em to be: Juarez. At the places named and in trie piincipal products. Whole groves the Sierra Madre Mountains near the oftijiber are" burned down to make latter, we have nearly one hundred and room for cornrieli:s, trees are cut down JOURNEYING EASTWARD. lifty thousand acres af grazing, timoer and left to decay by tbe change of time. and agricultural lauds. I cannot but experience regret ihat : Dear Sister Wells Tbe country is well adapted to this superfi iity cannot be ulilizedfor of good as the grasses-arAU nightof the first of those who live in sage brusr; and sandy the July last the thunder roared and lightquality and great variety, . regions. climate is uniiorm, tae temperature ning flashed but no rain fell. At o'clock we reach Memphis seldom reaching higher than So degrees July 2nd. The sun rose hrio-hr- nnri wh"re the whole train passed across or lower than an approach to the clear we and soon felt his rays the Mississippi River on the ferry boat freezing point. Th.' facilities for which rendered the close piercing cars to South Mempn?sfa large old fashioned oppresmakiag comfortable homes there are sively warm, but we endeavored to forinhabi ed bv negroes. We city excellent, the land, water and timber get personal, discomfort in admiration weremostly switched saround "from the main A fine steam saw, shingle of thebeautiful passing panorama seen oeinggood. to the ''Union" a transaction and lath mill, and a planer and from the car window. We seem to be depot which time occupied are in moulder, operation, affording parsing through one vast grove of tim- but gave us an about .am hour's see to material within unity easy, reach of oppori building ber with occasional clearing to maW of the How strange Juarez. city. space for fields of corn yvhich seems to something to see the colored element The treatment of our people by the ue ine predominatprincipal product of this region. ing. Scarcely a white face can be seen, national and state officials in Mexico .haYe.passed trough Topeka and when they see it, it is only and her citizens generally, has been othr thnvin? little towns.An ,(,T. as . overseers or surjerintendents cordial and hospitable. By word and corsion train nas at a' beau- .for just seems the manual stopped labor act they have encouraged colonization tiful park, which to be all done by the negroes We again in tne .Kepunnc- rue settlements In young in holiday attire, their resume, our Cnihuahua afford abundance of room many peopleand Journey and are being sports ringing laughter carried for several hundred families and tfv of, swiftly., tbe liehtness of their hearts Tennessee,. Iq theacross tbe weState ft could live there in peace, and by ordin- We see them saw evening ary habits of industry would soon make were4 anithenbut for a moment, a it demonstration of Southern character; usplunge onward ih the a man promptly put off tnetrain themselves prosperous and happy. midst of a dense foresl of stately trees ing abusive The Mexican Mission wa9 ooened in of to conductor. the every species, and all aires from the Tbe man in language was under the inawiv, vuuim m;tv ims quite a- - tny sapling to the sturdy veteianof fluence of question larat; lunuwing oi nauve Saints.mainly many winters. All annoyed so interesting and many of tne liquor ard inhid located in and about the national capfact the repassengers autiful-rna- ny of them entwined pose of all on the ital. The Book of Mormon, Voice of with was disturbed train beautiful ivy. In manv WnMM for he went from one car to anotner naming, and numerous tne muuer nas oten burnt out utic have been published in thepamphk-tSpani-- h shouting and slaergeiing about, so that mane room tor nmu his ejection 'was "a source ot reiief to language and are being distributed ac- io wvv,o xciu nuitii are aimot invariaall and we afterward-obtain- ed cording to ancient predictions. Thus bly some covered with this beautiful flower- rest. the truth is being spread abroad amon ing yine. One very large tree which Ellis R. S. U.i'fo ii uhtotnrir'ImQ i.T. u i j tS- - TCal HIV nn'Mfrf " sociations. I'ursuant to the duty thus Imposed upon the Attorney General, on t le SOtn day of July, 188', proceedings were begun in said court by the Uuited States against the Perpetual Emigrating Fund Company aad Its trustees, and the Church of Jfsus Christ of Latter-daSaiuts and its. alleged trustees for the purpose of disposing of the property of the one and winding up theaffairsofthe other: asking in these suits to escheat to the United States large amounts ot rroperty alleged to be tveld by these two defendants. At the time of this writing no thins has been done in these cases further than to appear and the complaints. What the result "of these cases will be, we, of course cannot now It is proper, however, that we should speak upon this important proceeding and let the s Saints knuw how stand. T.ie Perpetual Emigrating Fund as y an-,sw- ei the-case- all of you wellknow, Company, was conceived and organized for one purpose, namely.to aid the poorbut our people, in their humble efforts of to gather with their brethren. It has been tor this, charitable purpose, the object of the generous bom.tv of the Latter-da- y Saints, but at no 'time in y - cnfiir-ipn- t bell-shape- ihr 'v s -- T-i- mi .. s i r " - - while-sojournin- , i e t 1 u u-- e -- Latter-day-Sain- ts -- iaue d ivy-cut- q'--W Congress, at its last session as you are aware, passed a law entitled "An Act td'ameud an Act entitled an Act to amend Section DiVi of the Revised Statutes of the United States, in reference to bigamy, and for other pur poses;.': etc. Under: the loth and 17th sections of rnta in w t if i'rt rT n a i t,m irr nr Fund Company and the Church ,of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints are respectively declared dissolved, and in this Aot it is made the duty of tbe Attorney General of the United States to cause proceedings to be taken in the Supreme Court of the Territory of Utah to wind np the affairs of said as- v-r- u " by-n- at . f stock-raisin- g, . . - fr s - . 