V J WOMAN'S EXPONENT. .38 THE ZION OF THE LAST DAYS. - ' rise, Her light begins to shine, Ere lon; her King 'will rend the skiei, "Let Zion in her, beaut . . , Majestic and divine." , J tV; For Zion's sake will : not Jioldjny. peace, and for Jerusalem's sake I will not rest," until the righteousness thereof go forth as biighthcss, and the 'salvation thereof as a lamp that burnetii. Isaiah, 62 Ch. i vr. A .. 2: And the Gentjles shallsee thy righteousness, ana an Kings my giory; anu muu muh dc tamu by a new name, which' the mouth of the Lord shall name. 3: Thou shalt also be a crown of glory in the hand of the Lord, and a, royal diadem in the hand of thy God, . .10: Go through, go through the gates ; prepare ye the. way of the people ; cast 'up, cast up the highway; gather out the stones; lift u a standard ' for the people. ' 11: Beh61d, the Lord hath proclaimed unto the tnd of the world; say ye to the daughters of Zion; Behold thy salvation cometh; behold His reward ... Is with Ilira and His work before Him. ed 12: And tliey shall call them ike holy people.. of the Lord: and thou shalt be called, Sought out, A city not forsaken." Zion means the pure in heart; Doctrine and Covenants Sec. 115, 4 vr. The Savior said, "For . 1. - t I M. t .1 J inns snaili. my inurcn De cancu in uie lasi uays, even the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da1 1 1 1 y Saints." Z " Arise and shine forth, that thy light may be a standard for the " nations. , 6: And that the gathering together upon the land of Zion, and upon her stakes may be tor a defence, and for a refuse from the storm, and frnm wrnth when noared out without whole mixture upon the earth." If the people of the world could only realize that God has set s Kingdom on the earth for the last time, that He has endowed His servants with power from on high to preach His Gospel, and by His own voice has proclaimed the tiuth of His work, which He will bring to pass, His strange work. and it shall be a marvel and a And- th jyvonder in the eyes- - of the - nations shflll and the poor of the earth rejoice in the of Not One Israel. many rich will receive Holy the Gospel; they cannot humble themselves as a little child to accept the offers of salvation. The ' s Gospel plan aspffered by our Savior on the earth was on this wise "Except ye as a little child, ye cannot enter into the Kingdom of heaven." We must be humble and torsake all our sins, and be born ot the water and the spirit, and enter into the newness of life. When we comply with the Gospel requirements we put on Christ and follow Hirii in the regeneration. As Christ was immersed in water by John, so. must we be buried with Him in Baptismj Jesus gave John the authority to baptise Him, and said, "Suffer it to tic so now" to fulfill all righteousness. By His own voice He has continued the priesthood upon His Elders to preach His Gospel to the ends of the earth. The Lord calls upon all men everywhere to repent and accept His Gospel, as He proclaimed it when He was on the earth. He has said He will establish His Zion "And the ransomed of the Lord shall return, and come to Zion with songs and everlasting joy upon their heads: theyshall obtain Jjoy -sorrow and sighing shall fiee away." Isaiah speaks plainly of the Zion of the last clays. The people will gather to Zion and she will become the joy of the whole earth. "And they will say, let us not go up to Zion to battle for her inhabitants are terrible," and they will be the only people that will not be at war one with another. For Jhere will 5: Verily I say unto you all. - . . -- 1 up-Hi- - when-He-wa- be-.co- nd . Maughan; Sei;retaf:MariaBaxterr Treasurer. A number -- of the brethren were present, who gave encouragement and instruction to all, specially requesting every member to sustain the new organization giving it their confidence and suonort. Many crood instructions were given upon almost every duty of life, aud our increasing responsibilities :as wives, mothers : and women. E. S. Crowtiier, Ass't Sec - -- . . BEAR LAKE STAKE. Conl Minutes of the Eighteenth ference of the Relief Society of the Bear Lake Stake, held in St. Charles, 'Saturday, 10 a.m., July 9th, 1887, Prest. Julia P. Lindsay presiding. Singing. 'Prayer by Elder Win. M, Alired. Singing. Roll called, and minutes and reports read and approved. Prest. Lindsey made opening remarks, and said shq had not been able to visit all the branches of the Relief Society through the Stake.- "It is essential for the presidents "to attend these conferences, in order to report their Semi-annua- y days. - . - - , -- :- . "M. A. M. PRATT Salt Lake City, July 21st. r; A HAPPY TIME. The-redeem- 1 who had well and faithfully worked together, A new organization was effected, with' Elizabeth Salisbury as Presideut; Elizabeth Maughan and Eliza Owen, Counselors; Sarah Owen be wars and rumors of wars and every calamity will befall the peopleall over the land, but if they will give heed to the oflcr of salvation by our Savior, to come unto Him through the door that He has opened, by His holy priesthood through -- Jlis servants, the Zion of these last days will be1 a place of refuse and safety; for all who receive the Gospel and are faithful to the end. Wrelead2nd Thessalonians, "when the Lord shall be revealed from heaven with I lis mighty angels in 'flaming-firtalcing vengeance on them that know not God, and that obey not the Gospel of our Lord Jesus' Christ." We read also in 1st Thessalonians f,Des- Prove all things j jjhold pise not prophesying-fast that which is good." . w All ye persecutors ho are unbelieving and doubt the Word of God, come forward and prove the doctrine of Latter-daSaints by Scripture, and do not reject that which will save you and seal your happiness; be wise unto salvation, and be numbered with, the people of Zion of those last , - branches." The followingbrauches wer8 then represented: St. Charles, Conn. .if. A. rirgin;JBloomiugton,-Pres- t. Sarah reenhalgh; Paris 1st Ward, Coun.' Elizabeth Collins; Paris 2nd Ward, Prest, if. A. Shepherd; Ovid, Prest- - Martha " Carlson; Liberty, Prest, Margaret Morgan; Montpelier, Prest. Petra Hoganson; Georgetown, Sister Hetty Dunn; Preston, Prest. Martha Dalryinple; Fish Haven, Prest. Erancea Howell; Garden City, Prest. Ann E. Cook. Prest. Julia P. Lindsey was pleased the sisters were endeavoring to do right; thought more should be donated to tabernacles; the R." S. donations had gone in with the Bishops' re ports, and the sisters "had not received credit for it, but it would be arranged differently in the future. Gaye very valuable instructions to the. sisters, and closed, hoping that all might progress in the kingdom of God. Coun. Elizabeth Collins made excellent remarks, and finished by saying, 'Tf we are left without the Spirit of God, which is the ppim of light and intelligence, how soon we fall into darkness and depart from the ways of truth. We all have trials to endure. All that can ba We should watch shaken, will be shaken. ourselves lest we yield to the" powers of tho On Thursday, July 21st, the Primary Association of Sugar House Ward held an annual meeting in the school house, Mrs. McGee presiding". The exercises of the children were varied and well rendered, and brief remarks. encouraging, to the children, were "made after wards by Sisters Ellen C. Clawson, Camilla 0. Cobb, Lydia Ann and E. B. Wells, and also by Sister Harriet C Young, whorwas followed by 13i&hop Diiggs, whOad, a couple of days before, been released from the Utah Penitentiary, where he had served a six mouths' term of imprisonuient,becau3c he would not renounce his wives. Ills remarks were very interesting, and rather touching on account of the sympathy At aroused for those who are suffering and in exile for conscience' sake. The, Bishop gave excellent advice to the children and encouraged the officers by manifesting an appre- " ciation of their labors. One particular fact we noticed in this Primary was the equal number of boys, as it is usually much more difficult to d raw ou t the boys to meetings of this kind than s the girls. We heartily congratulate Sister McGee and the other officers' on their success with of Sugar House Ward. Brest. Mcl Gee made, some very appropriate remarks, and after singing and the was adjourned. After the meeting was dismissed, several long tables were set in the hall, all assembled, and children and grown people partook of the bounteous repast that had been prepared for the occasion. The supper included fruits of it-i- the-Prima- ry evil one." nK-ctiii- . Prest. Nancy E, Pugmire, of the Y. L. M. I, A., spoke on the importance of sending in correct reports, and doing that which we do in a btisiuess like manner, aud gave good, instruction. Singing, and benediction by Elder Hugh I'iudley. several kinds, delicious ice cream ..and raspberries. It was a very pleasant and interesting gathering, and will no doubt, be long remembered by the little people. . Sunday, 2 p.m. Conference assembled. Singing. Prayer by Prest. Geo. Osmond. Singing. Sacrament administered While it was being passed the choir sang, "0 God, the Eternal ; Father," etc. Prest. Jane Sparks reported the Dinglo R. . R. S, Y. L. M. 1. A. it P. A. REPORTp. S. 3VCLLSVII.LE. -- On Saturday, the IGih of July, a district conference: was held in Wellsvillf, Cache Co. I here were present, Stake JR. S. President, A. larbrr,-:niClark and others uung,Si,t(r Ihe societies-o- f llyrum, Meudnn and WeUs-vili- e were represented as doing well by the olhcers from those places. The late; President of Wellsviile. Sister AUuoa haying filled with honor her earthly mission, has been called away to a higher sphere; leaving her place vacant, and the Society disbanded. Votes of thanks and expressions of good will were given to all iU released officer -- Prest., J. P. Lindsey expressed herself a3 been, much benefited and intp.rpRtpd during Mn- ference. "We should seek the Lord in humili ty and prayer. It is a comfort to know that wo as a band of sisters are upheld by those who are placed oyer us brethren holding the is holy priesthood. It not because wc desire to step forward in public, but because it is our duty to do so. The longer X live the more I sense the great responsibility resting upon the mothers in Israel. It is our duty toxteach our children to pray, that when they grow to be men and women they will be able to engage in prayer at the family altar." Desired that tho R. S. should do all they could toward storing : 