11 El II ii i J"i & si n ni a z' . I The Rights of the Women :of Zibn, arid the Rights of the Women " Villi. lil SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH ' . - -- - - of all Xations. MAY 10, '1887.' No. 24. THOU ART LOVELYfTHOU ART . Few women have the courage, to stand b It rains this May Friday, their convictions, because they are sneered at but I have promised to meet Bro. Henry and T1L!1- - 1.1.1 !. ridiculed .,,J,'Unu ...Ml meoirnic-iu those who know should better by Thou art lovely, thou art fair, auu .win rnuaueipnia. Ridicule and sneers do not make their cousin's son, Eddie Kimball, escorts mo to eausQ. My 31 aid of sunny, golden hair, lesa right, but it lessens those who sneer initio Jersey Gity, and puis me safely on the car. I Eye of azure 'neath its curl, of those who eyes desire to see ' and equal rights .Lips" of coral, teeth of pearl I akejny bearings and mark the route, for I am fair play to all. Men who speak disrespectfully "going to be very brave and come back alone. of women lower themselves Sure, the soul that his its shrine very much in our As I travel on out into the great world alone I, In that face and form divine estimation.' The greatest and best men who feel a little nervous, but I trust to Providence If such things did e'er agree ever lived had women for their mothers' ' and let the future take care of itself. I enioy Must a soul of beauty be. Mothers mold the characters of thft rhildrpn mvsfilf lnntinrr nr. iho mnntrv nnl finnllv finrl They should mold their sons to respect women myself at the waiting room at Philadelphia Radiant as a vesper star, and give them theiV rights. Not. until women ready to be called for.. . Gazing fondly from afar, take this course wil they be respected and 1 look around and see a good many people To mine eyes thou dost appear as the equal of men, recognized wonder or if they and I sitting about, walking of a brightcriphere. Being M. E. Teas dale. all know where they aro.coinpj, or if some of them are waitiner to be called for. and if every . Though I ne'er may call thee mine7 xepni, Marcn Z4tn, lea. still o'er mc Lovely star, shine; body knows I am a stranger and a little green. I draw myself up and try to put on a look of Though I ne'er may see thee more, Stilt tby memory I'll adore. importance, just as though waiting at depots LEAVES FROM MY JOURNAL. was an every day occurrence." Presently 1 ieb Thou art lovely, thou art fair, T an elderly gentleman walking about as though M. J. TANNER. Maid sunny, golden hair; he was looxing for somebody. As he passes And thy silvery voice shall seem " me I look for his right hand. He holds tho -". Continued, As the music of a dream. f proverbial blue cotton umbrellain it, and I seo '1885. w. We went over to that the thumb is gone; I know he lost-i- in tho Monday, April 27; New York and calleU at the hotel to see civil war. I look at him and he looks at mc. Bro. Hart' We visited several places of interI venture to ask if he is looking for some one. EQUALITY OF SEX. which were some est, among large stores. We He assures me ho is. I tell him ray name i.s saw so many beautiful thinsrs that I ouite Tanner: that is his name. I follow him out. All mankind are the children of our Healonged for a full purse or an unlimited bank he takes my satchel' and we board a street car, One Father. sex cannot to. the venly say other, account. We called at the A. T. Stewart the rain still falling. After a few minutes ride "He is not your Father; He does not love you building; the present proprietors af3 Denning we stop and enter a restaurant. Here I am as much as us." God has prepared a Co. It is a magnificent & way his wiferwlio building of Liron introduced to . all His can return to His and marble, anoTcovers, we are told, CJtwo and a are some sort or relations, whereby offspring we take dinner, presence, by obedience to the laws He has laid half acres of ground. It is eight stories high, and as it is still over two hours before the boat down. and has not a partition wall on the whole leaves we wait there, for it rains too hard for Men and women are equal in their sphere. All the floors are supported by iron us to see anything of the'eity. 'One cannot get along without the other; neither building. In the center is a circular dome, reach- -' pillars. Finally we start out again, he with my can one sav to the other "We hava rm nf mc to ine roor, wnicn is covered witn O"-"satchel in one hand and thembrella-iii4,hf- v: class not. without the woman, nor the rtelpTToiight the .building. At every floor other, I holding to his arm and trying to take woman without the man in the Lord." care of my dress. After a Bhort walk, during i a railing of molding "oriarving, and all is Men have no more righF to tyrannize over white. The building covers an entire block, which I see very little but people and houses, "their wives j than wives have to tyrannize or the front entrance being on Broadway. It is we are on board the steamer, "Jersey Blue" domineer over their husbands. There is no lighted by windows on all sides, and there aro floating down the broad waters of tho Delewaro ; need for bossing on either side, if each will do several doors to enter by. The buildiog .,.y:- -.River,' his or her duty, and not intefere with the Brother Henry tries to show mo all points and we are told there are no other "the of other. rights stores in New York just like it. We did not of interest, but the weather is too cloudy and The man stands at thd head of the family to go all through, as they were preparing to close, foggy to sec things clearly at a distance. A -in love and kindness. so I cannot give a fuller description. The foreign vessel passes us drawn by a "tug." It fovern iji righteousness does not give him the right to exercounters, seats and goods were, being draped to carries the flag of the Hawaiian 5lerchant with cise unrighteous dominion over his family. The keep oil the dust. We" saw costly ornaments the U. S. colors floating in front. There are wife is under no obligation to honor or obey her and beautiful statuary, and laces which, no a great many people on deck. I have never husband if he does not obey the laws of God. doubt, bore fabulous prices. We were informed seen a ship before, and it amuses me to see the Woman's sphere of usefulness is as great, and that they would send goods at retail prices to great big boat moving lazily along after the her influence as widely felt as man's. She was any address in the United btates free of express. saucy little boat called a "tug," which went placed upon the earth with man to be his com It was getting late and we took a street car to puff, puff, as if swelling with an overdue sense ma ueipmaie auu ma equal. one the ferry. After crossing on the boat we took of its importance. Here a noted battle was puiuu, was not taken from his feet to be trampled upon another car, which brcho?liom&i-JbLer- e fought ini the Revolutionary -- War, and there by him, nor from his head to rule over him, we found a cousin waiting to see us, Mis3 Alice was another point of interest. I try to stand hut from his side to be equal with him; near his Newman of Red Bank,; N. J. We were pleased out under the, awning where I can see better, heart to jbe loved and cherished by him." to meet, and soon became sociable, running a but it is so cold I am glad to go jn the cabin Women have rights that should be respected, talking match until about twelve o'clock. We and look through the windows. but we need not bVsurprised Jf they are not talked of Utah1oJIormom 'After a ride of twelve miles, we land at J respected by all the "lords of creation" when in facFofabout everything that could be talked, lingsport. It has nearly stopped raining, and we, walk up to the house, about half a mile. the ladies of creation are so careless and on in that leDgth of time. We quoted Scrip ent - about their, rights and privileges. If ture, history and "philosophy, and wound up It is a very pleasant road, bordered with cedar with a desire for a better acquaintance, and an trees, with fields on each side, and an occasional women had more respect for themselves, understood and maintained their rights, they would invitation to visit her at Red Bank. I also house. We are greeted with a warm welcome be entitled to more respect and would receive made out quite a list of genealogies. by his wife and daughters; two fat dogs and it. Women are ignorant of their rights and Tuesday, April 28th. Cousin Alice went, rfive spotted cats. "They hasten to get us some home thi3 morning, promising to come again supper, and as I am very tired I retire early. anythingabout privileges. Many do not think Paulsboro, Saturday, May 2nd 1885. It is the matter, and others are ' affraid to express before I leave. Mrs. K. is very sick, and I their views for fear of ridicule, aad a third feel quite out of sorts. So much talking and not raining, but is cold and windy. We have are somewhat exhaustive. Towards fresh shad and sweet potatoes for breakfast, class talk, to suit the occasion. Such people sight-seein- g officers in cannot be relied upon; you never know now to night it begins storming, and storms hard all and eat off a table which served the the Revolutianary War. It i3 a black walnut : understand them. night. FAIR. 1st,-1885- n-nf- -- A tj, " . . s ' : t to-da- y " . the-nronrietora- I ouMania I A? . . - nd A A w - . , . ; 1 1 . : 