inn 1VV WOMAN'S EXPONENT. - . - WOMAN Exi S- ' ' - - ' - , -- .: - - ... . " 9 -- - " ' as the test of his love for Him.that he shouldJeed nhe sheep of God, and- - give untctthemihe bread truest lessons, that require great patience and the OXENT. humility, d andfirTaevotiQntolhefaith-tbey-haye-espouse- -- ; of life. rrr,a sublime perfect law of liberty, for it consecration of one's time and talents in' the 'great' , The Gospel is the design of the Almighty that His children and glorious work now being accomplished. After shall be tree; for this the Amerrcan government all it seems so little one can do even in a lifetime,; was founded, on a land of. liberty, preparatory to but when there is a union of effort more good .can law. - A " i be effected. 7ushering in let us not be.vjeary in well doing, or perfect liberty not only, casts "down tyrants from faint by the wayside, because of trials to their'thrpnes and bursts the fetters of the slave, but also delivers the mind from captivity, opens or temptations to be overcome; or allow ourselves .v. rrA nnrrennc Hienpllinar Hnrlrncs ' uu to be remiss in any of the duties assigned to us, ilJW Jpu whether at home or in a public capacity, but press despair and ushering fprth the prisoner of doubt forward to obtain the victory and blessing promised, and sin inta the life and light of GospeL freed cup. to the taitntui. u we seeK tor wisaom angni iu j ne American patriots suuu uui ouiy iur per ; . no balf-heartedn- v but es "v-r-v-- -; '. is-4h- Editor. 'EMMRUSE fi. WE LIJ, Published serai raontbly, in Salt Lake trity, UtAti Terms: one copy one ye r1J2.'0; one 'copy, sixmoiitns, 51.00. Ten copies for the price of nine: Each square, ten lines of 'nonpareil A.lvjTtishiL' rate A liberal discount pace, one time, .50; per month, 83.00. to regular advertisers. Exponent office. No. 2.VE., South Templo Street, isecond sate east of 'Deseret News Office. Business hours iron? 10 a.m to 5 p.m. everyday, except Sunday. Address all business communications to ' FUBtKIIER WOMAN'f EXPONENT, -- be-bp'n- . Salt Lark City Utah. December EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. of Novemberthere have be&flsever'dl changes in the condition of affairs here in Utah as regards Church property. It has been a subject for thought and reflection, and can . .11 ,Lmose: wno posnot du .1De cmmentea upon dv an . During the-inon- th - . - 1 sess "an.inkling of. the.sense of justice-an- right;. "It is comparatively easy to submit toTnjustice when there.is a prospect before one that the wrong will be righted, but in the case of taking the accu- 1 mn n mn iinnr v meant, tnp narn parninir"5 nf tnp iiivtmiivu .."'W-s a as tne tree Lorci work', ana onenng.to given appropriating it to public uses, it seems too dread-- , ful to be true. Even the newspapers that have denounced "Mormons" in strong terms, take this view, that Congress should, at an early day, look into this important matter In this matter of taking Church property, women are as much interested as men are, and feel it quite as deeply. . They have paid tithing and given donations after the pattern of ' the ancient Saints, and theyhave taught their children .....-..-.- . 7 STAKE-LIBRAR- - . " museTOefttrf-e4arate41eulate44otrengt- power is increasing, and nought can stay the pro jjicaa ui uic ttuin. ui uuu caiduubiicu iu uiese last days, never to be thrown down or given to another -- thefattributes of the sousithefcdmmijttee have selected such books as will promote good and not evil, truth and not error, and although' some persons may maintain that reading is not an amusement, yet it can easily be proven that there are many books that amuse, while they also impress useful and important lessons upon the mind. We heartily endorse this movement,, and hope the .sisters generally will use their influence to make it all that is desirable in an institution of this -V . kind. ; people. When one hears of the many great calamities that transpire from time to time, accidents by land and by sea, the human lives that aire thus destroyed, the many suicides and murders, it is almost too much for the soul to contemplate, and it is no wonder that the Prophet asked the Lord to shut up the vision, when He showed him what would come to. pass in the last days. In many instances" the Lord has miraculously preserved the lives of SYNOPSIS OF SERMON. His Saints in their journey ings to arid fro; an un- -' seen hand has led them and preserved them from On Sunday November 20, 1887, in the Taberdangers in perilous places. For this blessing, and nacle the congregation was addressed by , many .others, the Saints should be exceedingly BISHOP O. F. WHITkEY. grateful to their Heavenly Father, and as He has guided His people in 'the past, and preserved them He realized to some extent the' responsibility of when their enemies came, upon them, so will He speakingjto this people in the name of the Lord: lead them in the future out of the darkness into The preaching of the Gospef and exemplifying its and the and difficulties will trials He light, sanctify principles in our lives is the most important thing to their good, and if they are despoiled of their we have ta do. It is the highest ministry and and goods property' unjustly, and they rebel not greatest honor that can be given to men in the agapst His commandments, He will multiply His flesh. Christ, ' in speaking to Peter, the man blessings upon them even more abundantly than whom he had chosen, to stand at the head of the before.- The Saints are learning some difficul work on earth which He had established, made - v s - 1 J T selves, their immediate relatives, and for the pres ent moment. The great soul is as a mighty warrior, battling for human good and human rights. Upon his helmet crest is written, not "Me'and mine," hut "God and 'my fellowman." Christ was such a warrior; not his own will but the will of his Father was his foremost thought; the welfare of the human family. This is why the angels sang above His cradle, "Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace, good will toward men.": : In Him was made good the promise of the Lord to Abraham: . "In thee and thy seed shall .. . . . . . , 1 t . 1 t, rTQEast Young Men's and Young "Ladies' Associations should take hold and assist in extending the influence for good which this worthy institution has in view. Not only in one, but in many ways may they do this by contributing books, getting out certificates of membership, which cost but 50 cts. for three months, duringwhich time books may be taken out each week, or the time extended another and read all day without cost week. They may-gto them. .. It is to be hoped that the public generally will take an interest in striving to build up the Reading Room, and. make it one of the best read ing rooms, and such a place as will be a credit to ' the community. It is certainly a praiseworthy, benevolent enter prise, for many young people who have no comfortable place' to spend their evenings, are, through . various influences, brought into evil company, and thus, perhaps, ruined for a lifetime, and their ; hopes of an exaltation hereafter wrecked also. Here now is a field. opened for instruction and " ys 1 , . i:-No- - has promised in the Scriptures special blessings to be poured out upon His people. The government of the United States cannot lay any claim to the property the Lord has blest and increased in the hands of His servants. But the same spirit ani- indies me ucdiis ,ui iucii ui me wui iu mjw-a-ua.t V r 11 ! as iu inc lengjuus jjcibccuuuus ouine past, we hear 6f Elders who are preaching the Gospel being maltreated, whipped and abused, meetings broken up, and innocent-peop- le persecuted because they entertain "Mormon" Elders; but so it has ever been when the true Gospel has been upon the earth, and notwithstanding all this the Y. , On Monday, Nov. 28th, 1387, the Salt. Lake Li . brary. opened in the "Old Contributor building," an Mltm-StTTZ. :M: jn.t northf rhe room has been quite comfortably fixed up, and is now, opened from 10 a.m. to I p.m., and from 2 p.m. to 9 pm, and the 1 J. 1 d " 1 but liberty for mankind and ppsten sona! liberty, . I ' J . h n)niir. email nnisiivea..3JiLL txr inem- iauureuiriur .L order our daily lives and conversation according to the GospeL plan, it will be- - given, for the Savior-said- , "If any lack wisdom let him ak of God, who giveth to all liberally and upbraideth not." It is this wisdom that we all need to carry us safely over and through the dangerous and narrow places that the Saints of God at the present time have to pass, and which, without divine help and assist ance, could not be done with safety. 1887. i, v 1 ' - - e t in nis blood oF veins flowed that preciousbloocf, iMt Israel, with which God has "sprinkled many na- tions lor tneir saivauon. vvouiu u uc 'uumucn to suppose that in the yehs good and a great man, inspired and raised up as benefactcr to his race, there was. to be found some of this blood of Israel with which all nations were tn "he blessed?" Let that be as it mav. it is certain that all such men are the Lord's instu-mentand that all men of every nation are and have ever been carrying out His purposes and fulfilling His great designs, whether they were otitira r( ' tt rr nnt Wa irp trlrl wp mtltt jrtnninl. edge the" hand of the Lord in all things. We hear much boasting nowadays concerning blood and lineage, and some Latter-daSaints seem prouder if they can trace their families back to some Norman noble, or robber Baron, "of-ever- y s, ' y t.,i. - t 1 r ii appear to be of their own membership in the Church of Christ,or of the blood of Israel in their TUara ..nine !t. nn'rla1 --t C 4.11. C lfU1.. blood" and "first families," etc., even among the of God, the Latter-da- y Saints.: people' Are we" not all of one blood, the blood of Abraham? Are we not all members of the one "first family" of the earth; the family of "bur father Adam?-An- d above and beyond all, are we not the sons and daughters of God; we and all the rest of mankind? "Blood will tell" its quality, give it whatever name you may. True nobility, real greatness, is not to sit upon a throng, to wear a high head and a haughty mien, nor does it consist in purple and ' " ... - ll. au U 11 LUU" U.11J XlLy sists in rags and dirt. If will prove itself in hum-- , ble and faithful deeds. The highest in verv deed will be the humblest. The King of kings thought A .. C T T ' rrv r rr uimtc wdau me ieei oi nis numoie&i for "He came not to be ministered unto, disciple ; but to minister." "He who would be great among you " said He "let him be your minister." To minister is to serve. "If ye are the children of Abraham," the Son of God satd to the Jews, "Ye will do the works of Abraham." What works? Works of faith and humility, being willing to acknowledge the'hand of the Lord in all things, and live by every word that proceedeth from His mouth. Had they done this, they never would have put to death the Son of God, they never would have taken Jthe dead letter and with it condemned the living oracle; they would have sacrificed their preconceived no- c? . V, A. T 1 1 1 i. . , -- 