WOMAN'S EXPONENT. SONNET. 147 of eyes thejvorId?;If wc arc, we can approach our Elder Broker, and He will save us if we follow Hun luto llis fold. The Porler If death shonld touch this weary heart to:night, -the door, and He eommandeth us to openeth: enter, not 11ms leaving some great work but half fulfilled; -in, any other wav. 'which 'wh Aurtv, m,,f wheels I life's were st illed," busy 7 ' f all .shall be aceoiinled thieve-aiKrobbers. We '.. Ended ,ejveh task, each aspiration quite, are called sinners abovo all others, and are These tired eyes shut forever from the light," and to pursued night day punishes rofcriminal What then? On some eternal, shore" They actSj.; s.iy that the prophets of old Would heart and soul take up their task once more, had God's sanction, for lie said, practiced and e ;1 Assume their toil with all their might?. 1 came not to call", the righteous butlsinners God- knows! ..This vision cannot soar to repentance." Th hist v f . Beyond the limitations of His will, all to repent, every where, and -- be, baptized-f- ur when life's What matter, thrilling dream is o'er, the remission of, sins and be buried in Though other hands our half scored measure fill? baptism that we m ay arise to newn ess f Christ, What matter who-thjyitb topmost score, and lay a foundation of good works.' I If at the. good outrivals ill? Selected will quote from the 47 th verse of the above' named chapter: "Whosoever cometh to ' nlc MY. HERO. and heareth my Mayings, and -- doeth them, I will shew you to whom he is like. ' BY HELEN KEITH. "He is like a man which built a house, and What signifies the outward sli6w?-digge'd deep; and on a" rock: una wnen lire uoou arose, the stream beat What Signifies his wealth or phce? When wc the heart have learned to know, vehemently upon that house and :: could : not do.. we shake it, for it was founded upon a rock. care for form or face? What And what care we for name or creed "But lie and iloeth not, is like That buried ages may unroll,a man that, .without a foundation, built a house "If under all we clearly read : upon the earth, against" which the stream did record of a dauntless soul? beat vehemently, and immediately , it fell, and the ruin of that house was great.". If loyal to ln's sense of right, "' The Church of Christ was built upon revela- If prompt and sure at duty's call,' lion, and this was the rock that the Savior He walks, as walking in God's sight, told Peter tie would build His Church upon, His aim the manliest aim of all; ''and the gates of hell shall not prevail against If helpful as the suubright day, it", Paul also testifies that lie was convinced of If pitiful of other's woes, the He follows in the Master's way Gospel by revelation and not by man, and And bears a blessing where he goes; says: "But though we or, an angel from heaven, preach any other gospel unto you than' that : If, gaining much, he' loses all, which we have preached unto you; Letiiim bo While summer go coldly by, accursed," and repeats itiin the -- following -Hc.pr.ovrs-h- i fall,'' courage-hyji- h verse. John, iu his second epistle, testifies to Resolved to win the day or die; the same: "If you and With hope alive, in God his trust, receive him not into bring not this doctrine, I Ie keep a spirit kind and true, bid God him neither speed, for he your house, And rises bravely from the dust that biddeth him God speed is a partaker of his battle. To HY HARRIAT '2nd Peter: " When the Son .of man liall ' come in His glory; and. all the hojy angles with him, then shall ho sit upon 'the"' throne of , His glory;, and before Him shall be gathered. all nations." iind 1 1 Ai'sh ill Lcoiia r iii.ni Kom nn" ' K. PITCHARD. : .to-nig- ht l wave-kisse- from the "gfoafe; and He shall set the sheep on ins rignt nand, out ttie goats on thelett. ot, Matthew; chapter 25.- - Then the Savior tells the righteous what, fhev havt flonn In. ... Ilim J nnA .V. O j those o utlie J ei t lianjlijajjjieyj) ad n o tdo ne to 'llim, That inasmuch as hey haJdoneit, is Dr, had not done it to tho least brethren, had not done it to Him. Will not the Elders of the Church of this last lispensation,T be among this number, that went hungry, thirsty, naked, sick, in prison and a stranger arnontr sttauwrs. to nreach the Gosnal' of the Son of God, without purse or scrip, at " His 7 Who will reward-..theand set bidding? them at Ilia right hand? I say, my brethren, ysbGcoinforteii Ty These the "Savior's words: "Gome. ye blessed of my Father, inherit the kingdom .prepared lor you irom the roundation . of the world." And you, also, my sisters,, who 111-- . uo suiitr wnn your nusoanus lor tno are caueu Gospel's sake, will share this blessing with them at the right hand of the King of kings, n r A uoa lml nn fnr flmv irjh nrn ouoln,! Ii d old-tim- -- earth-boun- d - 1 ' 1 of-H- notch-shal- e " . . , ; laifl-thetbuhdati- , . that-hearet- . ; . - h - The tli-i- through; weary fight Miiscvif-deeil- If, working on through pain and loss, His earnest soul be not cast down, He beareth" patiently his cross While winning steadily his crown; The man's a hero! and e The meed of love, w hich is his due, No idle praise! but while we live The wreath of bay! the knot of bluef we-giv- -- :;... - " Selected. ill: -- SPIRITUAL ARGUMENT. hf-ave- All Christians profess to believe in the words of our Savior and the apostles, and also the Old Testament prophets. I would like to call attention to their teachings as delivered by the Holy Ghost, the spirit of trirth, for our' guidance and edification. The words of the Lord to His disciples, St. Luke, vi, 20: "And he lifted uplli3 eyes on His disciples and said, Blessed are ye poor, for yours is the kingdom of God. at 21. "Blessed are hunger now, for ye shall be filled. Blessed are ye that weep now, for ye shall laugh. 22. "Blessed are ye when men shall, hate you, and when they shall separate you. from VOU. anU t lPir nnmnanir r uiiu chft -rPUrOACil, vvujuuu r . and j r- - I snail cast outTyour name a3 CVii fiii ihKnn nf' man's sake. 23. "Keioice ve: in that day, and" leap for "f joy, tor, beuold, your rewara is great m for in like manner did their, fathers unto the prophets. 26. "Woe! unto vou when all men shall speak well of yourfor so did their fathers unto the false prophets." Now, do not all sects and parties raise a hue Saints, and cry of evil against the Latter-dathat we are poor, ignorant, and despised in the ye-th- 1 k. 1 1 i w ; y t 1 1 . 13-th- u.-- er bufXlmtTdrshM for he says, J'Uonne unto me, an ye.euus ui mu earth, and be ye saved." J3ut the day of the Lord will come as a thief in the night, in the. which the heavens jOiall pass away with a' great noise, and the laments shall melt with fervent heat; .the earth, also, and the works that are therein, shall be burned up." "DerishT . . f nd body under' the same head? Read what the "For this cause shall a man next verse-saysleave his father andmother, and shall be joined unto his wife, and they two shall be one flesh. : . 11 J ; fle-sU-a- Si - 1 1 savs: "For wo , afo mernltiirs of of. Uia. bones." His body, - of- -I lis Could not wives become members of the man's uuto must give heed to, or we cannot be saved in Anions: all the the kingdom of heaven. i d bel ie fferen t ve masses th af ways, ho w sh a the true Church of Christ? Can wo we find it iuhoug the sects? No; they deny revela tion. John the Kcvelator wasjtpld, John i, 19: "Write the thing? which thou hast seen, and the things which' are and the things which shall be hereafter." xiii, '0: "And I saw another angel fly- in ' the, midst of having the everlasting on the Gospel to preach unto them: that d well t "earth, and to everv nationr and Kindred, and tonirue, and people." This was the same Gospel that Christ told John and the rest of His disciples to go and nrpjifh after His resurrection. This was to take place just before the Jail of Babylon, which we read in the 8th verse following, hpnr rp.nder. if vou wish to make further' rp.h o f the true Gosnel. read the last chapters of St. 31aUhewaud St. Mark. The "He that breakethone of the least of these commandments, aud teach men so. shall be called the" least in the kingdom of heaven. raul ia very piain m ist vor. uou- cerning the gifts in the Church, which all may read and be informed on and euineaas ine Now inlerpretation. SpTintures have no private - , , , acee pted ti mernawis.anfcuxiiiy. u i atv tiori. The Jbord is not wimg ium any 1 the holy Melchisedec Priesthood has powei to bind aud to loose. How much did oii'r good Congressmen understand; the passage of scripture they quoted upon the Edmunds Bill, "And they twain shall become one llesh."., Paul to the Epheians,5th chapter, ami members of Christ's - there-eoi-ne-any-- - gether.det no .man put asumier. .. " 1 . n . ... - , ' ing Christ and the Church." In the former chapter it reads, 4th verse; . : -- snirit.. ftvftn 5Lt vr. "Thp.rp !j nnA lnnlv iind mho i j. are called in one hope of your calling; -5. "One Lord, one hiith, one baptism. G. "One God aud Father all, who is aTbove ' '- tf all; and through all and in you all. 8. "Wherefore He saith, When lie ascended : up on high, He led eaptivity captive; and gave. unto men. 11. "And He gave some, apostles;- and some, prophets;: ami som. evangelists; and some. paj-- ; ; tors and teachers; 12. "For the perfecting of the saints, for the work of the ministry, for the edifying of tho body of Christ: 13. "Till we all come in the unity of the faith, and of the knowledge of the Son of God,. unto a perfect man, unto the measure of the stature of the fuluess of Christ: 11. "That we henceforth bo no more children, tossed to and fro, and carried about with every wind of doctrine, by the sleight of men, and lie-iwait to cunning craftiness, whereby they . rfis - '. deceive." has not4it any time returned and The Savior chanxetP'ihw order of things therefore, the Latter-daSaints are true believers in the word of God and in the reyelations of our ' j y LcJnLand-Savi- or One-- of 'thet-eflcl5in'mpr- ments reads thus: "Thou shale not bear false witness againstlTIy1neighT)or." .. There is not a day passes but that false witness is borne against this people. Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor' house, nor his wife, nor anything that is thy neighbors, etc How is it with our liberal neighbors; do they not civet what it 13 our right to poises;? OfFencaa mmi como, but woe! unto them by whom they come. M. A, M. J. XIA.TT . 