WOMAN'S EXPON ENT. 176 She in Sweden, on the wns-bo- rn iothqf-Jnl- y, 1834, company with .myself emigrated to Copenhagen, Denmark cm the 1st of April, 1859. At that time neither Saints, but w us had heard anything about the Latter-da- y .soon heard it,and ton' the 3othT of .April, the same year, w were baptized, and "on the 1st day of May we were both confirmed into me cnurcn 01 jesus v,nrhi 01 wun-urt- y Saints.' She was baptized. by Elder Olson, and confirmed con- -' by Elder Johnson, and emigrated to Utah in 1863, in m.irrifil to Elder H-- . Funk in Salt : , n7t inn with mveflf' Lake City, in November; 1863, with whom she lived until her death. Moved from Salt Lake to Richmond, Cache Co., in 1864, where she resided for some time, then moved to Weston in 18135 or 1866, but as the Indians were tr.ouble- some there at that lime, they moved back to Richmond ' When thrKelief Society was first organized there, she Jaeing one of the first members, was chosen for a teacher, and after a short, time was apjxjinted as President ove the ieu teachers, which duty she faithfully performed until 18 her husband was called to act as Bishop orer Newton Ward' and she was again" appointed- as a teacher,' the office o ""... which she held until the day of her death. such as and in wife faithful mother and a was She Israel, 1 think she is worthy to bc mentioned in our little paper, the She', like many other faithful women, passed through many trials and sufferings, which were unknown to any one save God and herself. She was well known as an exceedingly good woman, tier duty wa always the first consideration, and one of her teachings was, "If is Letter to suffer wrong than to do wrong." She lived in plural marriage the most of herjife, and honored -- it as an exaltation for her in eternal life. - I never heard a doubting word pass her lips, either as regards plural marthis work. She was always happy riage o.r the truth-oand contented with her lot, as well as a careful, economicAl She was always hard at and industrious .housekeeper! work, though not to store up for hesself, but always divided v.ith others who she thought needed it worse than she did Her hands and heart were always ready to do good, both in sickness and other troubles. t I ought not to mourn for my dear sister's departure; she has gone through torlhe restthat remains for the faithfutrr She has gone to her dearest children, whom with joy she wid clasp to her bosom again, all but one, who is left to struggl8 on alone. Slietias suffered and borne all her sorrow with patience; her troubles and trials, have all passed away; she in' . , . - I IP OS EMLE I, SALT LAKE CITY. Tim ' Leading Retail CasMHo u s e. . - " : KJCTHOMAS d -- . . fresh' license be CrrcuTt ing taken from the action of Judge King, early in the year 1842 he Was torn from his house, Fn the presence of. his family, by an infuriated, howling mob, dragged up on the Temple Lot in Far West, and there sold as a slave to the highest bidder, for a term of six months, John Ragland being the purchaser, and Patrick Lynch, anotjier noted mobber, being the auctioneer. "Remember, this 'was in a" free country, and the person not a citizen of the United States, but a British subject. Prior to this, the said Patrick Lynch was clerk in Jacob Slollins' store in Gallatin, Daviess Co., where a fight occurred, otherwise mentioned in Church history. With his wife, infant child and eldest daughter, he re-- , paired - to r the Tanh" ofhis purchaser, Jntheborderso Davic'ss Co., serving out, the allotted time in labor thereon, at the expiration of which he leased a piece of land three miles east of Richmond, J.qivay.Co. and built a log house thereon, and early in the spring of the year 1843, gathered endurance;iier, his fam ily again togethrer;- - where, on the5th of Septeniber has.woalu&JarJg reward is 'obtained, her joy so, farewell, dear 1844 he passed away from the last seven, years an I sister, would not recall thee, for we know thou art happy eventful life, at the early age f thirty-seve- n years, leaving in the. heaven of rest; Vnou hast done all the work that thou his wife. and six small children, the youngest then not one couULdo, henceforth thou wilt dwell with the good and tlxe year old, Sister Hawley, the Subject of this notice, being ' ! -- ble!,t. -The "fourth in age". Dearest sister, I had to lose thee.and I cannot tell you Long after he had slept in his grave, the , sceneof Lis I I tell 1iow feel, but can here how 'I loved you; you were sale was alluded to in the presence of an old Missouri so to to'all around not but me, good and.kinJ, always only pioneernamed Nimrod Duncan, who- - had witnessed it, ; and Mr. Duncan remarked, "I am an oid man, one foot, you, and an honor in the places where you lived. Often were you left so lonely, busy working all the time, but' the .as it were, in the grave; when I first set foot here, where .Lord our God did love you, and I knotf you have been a the City of RichmQnd now stands, it was a forest; the faithful wife and loving mother, and a sisier good and kind, woodman's axe had not then' entered. "1 have seen many not to talk about another, nor with their doings fault to ups and downs in life, but that,"alluding"to ths sale referred ' : find. To,"-- was the most "disgraceful scene that I ever wjtnessed To all good sisters I will say, "Here is one to represent under the government of the United States, and that, too us if we will follow in her way." Now, the unpleasant when the civil law was said to be in full force." There was world, farewell; I must tarry for no polygamy then. The sacred marriage principle of time, may love and Saints was then not known, nor heard of. the Latter-da- y peace forever dwell, and Tlod be with us? sisters dear, that are left yet to labor for a while. No causa whatever could be assigned for the brutal, fiendish C0M" ' act. of the mob, nor, for their bemg permitted to cc ntinue them for three successive years after the expulsion of the OBITUARIES. bodyot the Church, save that the man was aMormoii,'' and that the administrators of the law, many of them then, at DIED, Grantsvillf, Tooele Co., January 20, 1837, as now, were but fiends at heart themselves. Rachel C, the beloved wife of Santuel Wooll,ey, and Left by the wayside, a stranger in a s'trarige land; daughter of Andrew and Janet Cahoon. She leavts destitute, with her helpless family (no one to rely upon four children "and a host ,of loving friends save her God and the promise of her dying husband, that to mourn her. loss. Her pleasant words, accompanied his children should not want for bread;, the widowed with a bright smile, won for her "true friends wherever her mother struggled on. lot was cast. She was cheerful "under all circumstances, Seventeen years passed by. Sister Hawley, now grown " and lived and died a faithful Latter-daSaint. to womanhood, never having heard a word in defense of" line. iTbeJinj -li;iier.buLjaised4na school of prejudice Gospelin House, Saturday, January 22nd. The speakers were with her mother, sister and brother against it, Bishop Samuel Woolley, John Woolley, Apostle' John W. with one accord set out tor Utah, 1,300 miles away, arriving Taylor and Prest. A. M. Cannon. They all spoke very jn Salt Lake City on the 15th of September, 186 1. - Here, highly of the deceased. Apossle Taylor said that she haj' C. the .bn lleber of January, 1863, she Kimball, 3rd by led an exemplary life; "that her life had been nothing but was married to Charles W. Hawley, residing in Salt Lake good from beginning to end. Advised all to follow in and vicinity up to December, 1833, when she came City ' her footsteps. Vith her family to" this Territory, Arizona. Emma S. Jacuks. She leaves her husband and four daughters, the youngest in her 14th year, besides her kindred and friends to many DlEpj at Zeno,, Maricopa Co., Arizona, at 7 p.m., on mourn her loss. She died loved and respected by all who Wednesday', March 2nd, 1887, Ann Jane, wife of Charles knew her. .. . CoM f EE. THOMAS L. Ilawley, agedjorty-nin- e years, two months and four days. .Sister Hawley, daughter of Isaac and Mary Russell, was horn near Kirlland. Ohio, oh the 26th of Dec. 1837, while her father was in' England proclaiming the Gospel. On. re turning in April, 1838, with Ileber C. "Kimball and Orson Hyde from England.her father with his family removed to Far estTCaTdwell Co., Missouri, the then gathering place of the Saints. Scenes prior and subsequent to the expulsion of the Saints from ."Missouri, through which sue passed'Vith her father's family, cannot be enumerated in', the short space allotted to an obituary notice; suffice it to say,' her father's house, nightly as it were, was assailed by a mob, the roof torn partly off, chimney torn down,, windows srn ished in, horses maimed, wagons chopped to pieces, cattle shot down; haystacks burned, his life threatened " numerous times, his children "dragged from their beds at the dead hour of night, by order of John" Ragland, a re puted hor.se thief, and chief of the mob, he swearing that he would shoot them unless their father would promise to' - leave' tEe place. This Ire - would not do. The house was Mien emptied of all its contents, the ruffians swearing they would burn it down. The children, Sisters Hawley be ing one of them jJLthdt time, asleep, were carried from. their beds-anplaced for the mob to "shoot, but Trovidence did not permit them to be murdered' Next he was cast into prison, becatise he would not vio late his conscience, as in the present day, at the order o and ZDJbJVXn-T-lZZ- Sc CO., TINNERS, CAS, WATER & STEAM FITTERS -- gent fr UUMSEY'S celebrated LIFT and FOilv. E PUMIVJ. Pumps Repaired on short notice. Orders iron the country promptly responded to. .. . . B 4-- A (rilirtzs. 11U2Z. SALT LAZZ CITT. Box 308. ESTABLISHED OCTOBER, ; 1868. ; SALT - - A.TJL t Ui LAKE 1 . CITY, Utah. IMPORTERS AND JOBBERS OF - Notions, Groceries .Dry Goods, ,- - " ; HEAVY AND SHELF HARDWARE, , GLASS AND QUEENSVARE, ELEGANT CUT GLASS, AGRICULTURAL TOOLS AND IMPLE- -' : MENTS, " CLOTH AND CLOTHING, PURE DRUGS AND CHEMICAL, -- CARPETS AND WALL PAPERS, ALL GRADES AND NEWEST DESIGNS. - PST We carry a larger and more complete Stock than any house In the west. . H. . 8. ELDREDCE. Supt. '., I ' . Special to the Ladies. -- w y alL-this..- . AT TEASDEL'S. latest styles and -- Will be found the -- -- ,.'": ' in " .'." pioductions RUCHES. EMBRODERIES, FANS, GLOVES, "PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES,. LACES, . - . ''"'? And an elegant assortmenf of iDElT vSpecial G-OODS- ..; . departmeijt for Ladies' Misses' and Shoes. 112, 114, 116, 118 In-ant'- East Temple Sire 8 . 