, EXPONENT. .WOMAN'S 110 f Spirit, there being apparently no end to the prom- - proper is in the formofa' pad, containing a leaf ises he felt to make her, She not only has the for each day in the yearwith appropriate of her earthly associates, but the ap-- 1 tions on each. A portion of each leaf is left proval of the opint 01 Loa, wnicn cannot err. puianK ior memoranua, su dnaugcu wiai me mern-Shwas one of the noble and great ones of the $orandum can be turned to at any lime. The pad earth. Jt was the lot of the deceased to be hon- - rtsts on a portable' stand, and when placed on the ored both of God and man This is not always & desk or writing table, the entire surface of the date the case with the'eodd and pure. She notbnly 4 leaf, furnishing dateand memoranda, isibroueht held public position and trust, but she wisely, just- - n before the eye. ly and kindly used the powers with which she was thus entrusted. She is not dead, but lives. May INTERE STING PARTY. God help us to emulate the example of our sister who has left us for a holier shere. . On the evening of Friday, October 21st, Church. AFOSTI.E HEBER J. GRANT, 1887, a most delightful surprise party was tenof Said nothing that could be expressed would add '4 dered- to Mrs. Jane 8. Richards.' President w APOSTLE JOHN W TAYLOR Relief Weber of Stake in- - h the in of record of the the Eliza. no of Sister Zion, He knew to society wns thankful to hear' the eulogies thathad been bchool House, Ugden City. The Ward fourth who was more of eiernal dividual worthy blessings. whom he had known the u deceased, on passed Instead of mourning we may rejoice . that one so movers in the matter were Sister Emily Shurt-lit- f, from his in ancy, although riot closely acquainted Counselor to the President ot the Stake, and pure has gone home to reap a glorious with her. She had finished, her work, and would good reward. Itis a day of rejoiding to her. He had aud Sisters Mariauna Stratford, Maria Cham Sisof works The her reward, accordingly been intimately acquainted with the departed from bers and Jlrzabeth Parkinson, Presidency of after can We all. us before Smith are pattern ter his early youth, and had been the recipient of the Fourth Ward Relief Society. Sh- -. embraced the everlasting them with profit. It wai succefcsfuli i every respect., Sister hands. her marks of kindness at Language many the Liven the to by entitled is and and Richards promise her Gospel family had no inkling of it to express was inadequate to enable who forsake earthly until they reached the school house, where a Redeemer in relation to those himself" as he wished. He set great store upon As His sake. for George of invited guests awaited them. relatives and interests the good examp'es of the fakhful, which were large company., so his of father the called Sister country, Richards, though very much opposed to Washington is more potent than precepts.- - There was no exam- !ao be nr lii HQ a tf an ti in ini kunl i ..... hni certain in a desigsense,to our sifter entitled, IJ Eliza that which ever Sister set was pie except by rU; ve . nated the m ther 'of this peop'e. Her career , , jf obliged to yield to the very sincere manner aud ,, ,f, uc u cnarac 01 cou,u promauiy intent paid to charfflig Lalure Qf makes the e nd e a r ng title" appropriate as applied career with I herr her lowed.The speaker contemplated tt'ouldxontinue-to-iiveJnheJiear- ts t6her.She she had gone:tCL join pleasure An . mhsic, and memories of the Saints. the ranks of the faithful and true, her work in this recitations and speecht-songs, occupied the ' ELDER MILO ANDRUS life having been fully accomplished. time, except while the guests were converging for Eliza CANNON wiih PRESIDENT Sister been laud 45 said hehad acquainted feasting at the. table. would that a seen had never speck Apostle Richards gave an entertaining and years. He explained some of the last wishes of the deceased. misstep in her life. He bore testimony to She had desired that no one should be around her ff iustiuetive speech, full of helpful counsel to the goqdness and virtues she had exhibited during in her last moments who was unable to control his fi the sisters. The following address, accompanied by a her sojourn on earth. This occasion was not a or her emotions. She wished that no mournfng tasteful little memento, was presented to Sister subject of mourning. Thousands will call her should be expressed. The emblems with which U mother in Israel and enjoy her society forever. the stand were decorated were in accordance with Richards: . When she meets the acts she performed on the her choice. She maintained to the last that woman "The object of our meeting togother this even-in- g earth, she will be able to confront the record withly serenity and dignity that had characterized her is, as has been aunouueed, a social gather-ingo- f out hesitation ; therefore all js well. In all the entire career. She still lives in the organizations brethren and sisters, a reunion of friends, tribuhtions and hardships suffered by the Saints she was instrumental in establishing among, her while our main object is to fchow our appreciaon the deserts'and elsewhere," the speaker had sisters, andn the good which she had produced. tion of, and our sincere love for our worthy never observed a symptom of a murmur from the One of her beautiful traits was her humility, ex-- 1 and highly esteemed President, Sister Jane 8. deceased. Such a statement could be made in re hibited in her submission to the instructions of her Richards. . lation to but few. brethren whose prerogative it was to direct her Dear Sister, we shall not attempt this even-inla bors to enumerate all your many virtues, nor to ELDER A. O. SMOOT. The choir sang the beautiful song composed by elaborate upon your noble example; your TTfe" Words of eulogy would fail to add AnythingJo the deceased: , and labors are. well known to us all, and are the chaiacteristics of Sister Smith. She has "been recorded in heaven where each will be re"Bury me quietly when I die," known in the Church almost from the beginning, warded according to the deeds done in the body Patriarch John Smith. Benediction nrnll Irnnufn tr tVl A nrpcunt rvnnrntiA.. irwt While not working for earthly honors, or the in 'line around the cas- The congregation passed I relationF to What miht say in my acquaintance praise of manstill it is comforting sometimes ket and viewed the face of the dead. to kuov that one's labors are aDDreciated by remain toJie TheT:oTtegewhiehfall0wed-4li- e testified in various ways to the excellence and lhoseWTtii whomvaiasocTaterJrftDdt-is- of the late President Brigham our desire on this occasion to tell in a few power of truth. Sh has done this not only by private cemetery formed under the direction of Bishop Young-wawords that we do precept, but also by example, which speaks in appreciate your labors as a John R. Winder. Members of the High Council louder tones. It is but little use to repeat-thinend and a leader in our midst. of the Salt Lake Stake of Zion acted as pallbear-- , neipiug Women works. of her Let us endeavor ofTwealth and culture all through to so good story ers. the caslcet were following Immediately the civilized world are devUing tjieir best Aposlive that we will meet her with Joseph, Hyrum Lorenzo Snow tle and other 'derelatives of the and David Patten the martyrs who have sacri-nee- d energies to the solution of the problem of social ceased, then the widows of the late President improvement; but does it their lives for the truth's sake." have for its basis the Young and other ir.timate associates of the deof Jesus Gospel Christ, the development of the ' ELDER JOHN NICHOLSON ceased; following these were members of the Reinner life of feeling and of soul from which which Sister Smith springs all that is highest and holiest in manSociety, said, in substance, that the whole being of the lief had presided, the general assemblage bringing departed had been devoted to the legitimate purup kind? No; religion is of no import with thera. the rear. . the In this- the women of Zion stand as leaders Creator. Her works were the pro-- : pose of At the grave Apostle Heber J. Grant offered ' duct of a proper and active use of a bright intellect, atnmg women. All honor, then, to the noble women of Zion! a keen moral susceptibility, and a sympathetic the dedicatory prayer, and President Angus M. Cannon thanked the people for showing their renature. Many of her mental productions are left among whom stands prominently our worthy for the in deceased' by turning out in such President As an organizer you have achieved to" us clothed all the beauty that chaste language spect and poetic imagery c uld give them. Her whole large numbers, The mortal remains of one of much; as a leader your example has ever been the noblest and purest women were laid in their I to inspire nobler and loftier' sentiments in the lif , being of an elevated character, was from belast resting-place- , hearts of your sisters. Your counsels have to await the trump of the resginning to cloe, a beautiful poem. ever been fraught with that wisdom that urrection.r - BISHOP O. F. WHITNEY ' emanates from on high. You have sowed the seeds of love and union, truth and justice said he would not attempt to say a hundredth part EDITORIAL NOTES. wherever you have labored. A of whar he felt It f 11 to his lot, onwtwo oc-- . higher, better of casions, during the last illnes of our sister, to lay womanhood has type been your aim; onward We take in acknowledging thP Tr;n and upward ha3 been hands upon her head and bless her in the name of a novel pleasure your motto. Your whole and handy little calendar, for 1888 from! life has been responsive to the melody the of the Lord. He could not but mark the flow of the Pope Mfg. Co, Boston, Mass. The calendar angels sang "Peace on earth and good will to sion." Had known Sister Eliza. for many years. .JSheVas second to' none of the prominent women-othis last dispensation. She nobly filled-thmissiorUo whi h she was appointed in the early fal-- '. rise of the Church. She never wavered nor tered but her faith was onward arid upward to ' But a th ev?e ry climax of human excelle nee. " short lime hence and but few will remain who were famili tr with theProphet Joseph Smith, but th. iriumnh nf. this work is aDDroachintr. What h wnrk of nurifi- TT IJJ "... J' t (J I li1" cation 'and preparation for the consummation o the designs of God in relation to His people and f quota-confiden- ce e . . e. I V- " . '. , the-speake- r 11 i ,J i - t. - ahd-was-g'ad- -that elegant-banquet-was-spread,-- arid s " . . ' . . g . : . - -- s e ; . . . - 