13 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. dicious and discreet management of the' affairs-oboth at home and the kingdom have to abroad. Queen Victoria has proven beyond dispute that a woman may occupy the highest position in state or kingdom,-anyet be a "most excellent h t h e r, a n d n eve r lose t at swe e t ness and grace o f , mo character which is the inherent gift of womanhood, and which men are so afraid will be lost when women are allowed to vote and hold positions of emolument and trust. f its-fam- s. Released from care and earthly loads, lie sits in council with the Gods, , While those He left on earth behold The things which he so oft foretold. ( - "The Great Contest!" This is the telling title of a new pamphlet, recently issued from the Deseret News Office, by Robert W, Sloan, who spent the past winter, and in fact was in Washing. ton' during the . whole ,of the last session ot Congress, and had excellent opportunities to observe the way in which the Mormoa question was treated free upon by men who represent the people of this Republic at National Headquarters: The write gives to the reader in a concise Manner the princi. pal features in the ca.se,, a nd a great many facts thai are worth knowing. No one can peruse this little work carefully withont getting a pretty good1 idea of the whole Mormon situation, as it relates . - to the political interests oLiliepeopleofJhisTerri-tory. The author shows tip Mr. Tucker in aglowinclv unfavorable and light. There never was a speech fuller of inconsistencies than thnt of the eentleman just named, and. yet he poses before the nation as a fearless champion of human rights, and talks in the most pathetic man ' ner possible about the home the Christian home -and the on e wi fe, w h o po ssesses th e whole heart of her husband, and so on. Mr. Sloan has made some good and strong points in referring to the speeches made on the bill, and the book, taken as a whole, is:a valuable, acquisition to the libraries of the home and the people. The price of the book is within the reach of all, and it is a good one for reference. For sale at the Deseret News Office and all the. principal book stores in the city Price 25 cents. Now held in sacred love and praise By all the Saints of Latter-day- large and notable representation. The master of ceremonies was the eldest son, William H. Kinv ball, and the opening exercise was "Auld Lang Syne" by Held's band. The music was inspira tional, and the selection most appropriate. Prayer was offered by Elder David Candland an adopted son of the veteran apostle' in whose honor the family convened. The choir under the direction of Horace G. Whitney with Prof. Evan Stephens at the "organ rendered that grandly . significant hymn, "O ye mountains high," the effect was thrill ing and tender.! Introductory remarks o.f a most touchingly pathetic character were made by Bishop -- JosephiJ Kimball, Jollowedbyajquartettesun by the Kimball boys, with clear manly voices in the very best of time and tune; Prof.' Stevens accompanying themon the organ. Bishop O. F. Whitney then read a brief sketch of the life of' his grandfather.which he had written for the occa sion, giving the most remarkable incidents in the life of this great man. whose memory is so fondly Saints. The article revered, by the Latter-daon Prest. Kimball read by.Bishop Whitney will be published in the Contributor for June. The Bishop is engaged in writing the life of Heber C. Kimball work.--Afte- r in- an -- elaboratethe renderingof the hymn, "Praise to the man who communed with Jehovah? the benediction , was ' pronounced by Elder Wm. B. Barton. This completed the morning exercises after which there was an intermission of about three hours, "and delicious re- freshments were served under the trees, on the grounds, and amusements indulged in and thoroughly enjoyed. About three o'clock the family and guests as sembled again in the hall to finish the programme which had been begun in the morning. First was a duel by Helen K. Bourne and Florence Whitney, The gifted, and prophetic seer Looks down upon his children here, And loves to see "them leal and true, And carrying out his counsels, too- . - The staff of innocence and youth, And dauntless advocate of truth: Things seen through his prophetic glass Were always sure to come to piss. ' Among the first to open doors And raise the flagon British shores, What precious seed he scattered there In answer to the contrite prayer. Though never blest to see him here, His righteous memory I revere; . And oft his journal I have read, And tears of admiration shed . . y . While musing on his generous love Itt .dra wing human, hearts above, Arid pointing out the narrow road That, leads them back to heaven and God. -- ' Liketiger merging from his cave, Or lion in. his manhood brave, His keen reproof to age and youth Was shnrpcned. by unvarnished truth. . -- . granddaughters of Heber C. Kimball; Miss Viola Pratt sang "I stood on the bridge at mid night;" and Elder Andrew Kimball gave a reci tation. The assembly was then addressed by President Angus M. Cannon, who made some very happy: comparisons calculated to encourage and benefit the descendants of the illustrious KIMBALL REUNION.. " Heber C. Kimball. . During the afternoon by request the eltfesLson. The first generalgatbeTih'g of the family of the and daughter and the youngest son and daughter late President Heber C. Kimball was held at Full- A T! introduced to the assem Hf Prest. Kimball-we- re T., from the stand. The eldest were Wm. H. bly day being the anniversary of the birth of Presi Kimball and. Helen Mar Whitney childrerhjof dent Kimball 86 years before. A committee of Heber Ct and Vilate ' Murray Kimball the Kimb.all boys issued invitations to the family and the were L. Leonard and youngest and friend's and arranged a programme for the oc Abbie Kimball of C. Heber and children, casion. There were several- hundred assembled i M ary Sm thers Kimball. Th e re a re now iv ing and in of7the';merabersof-th- e of this large plural family 25 sons' and 11 daughters, timate friends. In the- Hall at the back of the -36 in all. Such gathermgsare commendaMeand. stand were hung portraits Heber L. Kimball exceedingly interesting. They are productive of and his wives,Vilate Murray and Anna Gheen, great good, promoting .harmony and .increasing also a portrait of President Brigham Young, his love and affection among the members from g companion and frierd. The two men to generation. There were a very large were like brothers, arid for several years labored together in't'he missionary field, both members of number of grandchildren and great grandchildren the quorum of the Twelve Apostles and were present. It was a scene and a time long to be remembered by all who .were there, not only mem afterwards associated together for many years up to the time ot Elder H. C. Kimball's death in bers of the family but invited guests. The good the presidency of the Church. In days gone by feeling and spirit that pervaded the meeting and '. friendso staunch so true and tried, Unwavering by the Prophet's side. When persecuted hearts "were wrung A And still the same to Brigham Young. -- ' And in Missouri's darkest hour, ' A king in majesty and power; When demons wrecked the fair Nauvoo We know the scenes he waded through". The celebration now begun Should be a universal one; And Kimball hearts with grateful tears Repeat it throtgh succeeding years. JANETTE PATON. , . T 11 " - -- LEALOUSY- T J - . - 1 family-connecti-ons - life-lon- gen-eiatio- their names were almost invariably coupled to-- , gether by their relatives and. friends, as Brigham-anHeber,. one seldom being mentioned without the other. :Be,sides these portraits' there were those of Heber P. Kimball, David P., Brigham W., Jerimiah H. of his sons that are dead and of his grandson also deceased, and one of his sons Charles S. who was absent from homeandl;ouTd not attend. On the stand vere seated nineteen of his living sons, all large men; also his eldest daughter,Helen Mar Whitney, and her son Bishop Orson F. Whitney. Of his widows present we noticed Presindia L., Ruth R., Mary Ellen., Har riet S., Christine G., and Amanda G. Kimball There were seyeral of his children both sons and daughters who were not present, still there was a fine-looki- ng d n the association together was sufficient to prove the love and unity that exists in large families, as well as small ones, and coming from several parts of the Territory,some not having seen each-othefor several years, it must be a source of joy and grati fication to meet as they did there in social enjoy ment. It is hoped that this first gathering of the. Kimballs'wni belrie lnitiative for many more and that the increase of his posterity will continue to grow and spread forth while time shall last. These lines were written for the reunion: r Let Kimball families everywhere With joyful hearts and hands prepare"1 To spend in friendship and goodwill A holiday at Fuller's Hill, ' In memory of his honored name, The hero of prophetic fame, To fully describe this passion would require a juiiuaumi.di ciuLiuanuii wuiL.11 1 siiau not auempr. in this short article; but simply offer a few reflec- wuub 111 rcjauun 10 it. It is claimed by some of the lords of creation and perhaps not without some - justification that woman is not naturally a philosopher, being governed more by intuition than by the slower mV"w .ui ivowuiuj; liuui A.UUSC IU CJ1CCI, UUt I believe it has never been denied that her conclusions, though reached much more quickly are often as correct as man's, especially upon those matters in which she herself is interested. In all the works of the great Creator we, behold a most beautiful harmony; hence, man's gifts zua endowments ire strictly in keeping with his organ ism; while his follies and weaknesses are decided ly masculineAnd wherever seen manifesting them selves are easily recognized as belonging to the genus homo. To say that a weakly woman ex hibits feminine traits of character is positively incorrect for the lack of true manhood' either in a physical or mental sense certainly has no relation so cowardlyr. toniejwmanhoodjnd I will not be as to attempt to palm oft upon man anything that woman exhibits that seems at all unwomanly. Woman from thevery earliest period has occu-- . pied a distinct position from man. The degree of elevation to which she has attained has been determined by the intelligence of the kge in which she has lived. An age of barbarism has in varia bly been an age of slavery for her; while an aee of enlightenment has invariably placed her bv the side of man as an help-mefor him. .And I take -- 7 et . 