WOMAN'S EXPONENT. tions and ideas and accepted the new revelation of God's wi'll, instead 6f pinning their faith to the they are Americans ; but they are freedom's bas.:. tards., they are not her sons ... Let our motto be peace, and good will to alL men, and our lives, be spent in the promotion of the principles of the Gospel, the plan of salvation, ' the perfect law of liberty. ::.:;... 101 as wanton cruelty to animals or smaller children, physical suffering is the mos.. suitable penalty. Others may be deterred from evil by the prospect of being deprived of some much-priz- ed pleasure, or expected dainty; while for those of fine and sensitive oln and who have peen well brcught up, the vita irawai tor a time of the parent's approval will be all sufficient. But no mother should upon" any account hold forth a threat which she is not firmly resolved, if nttprmnst nprpssnrv.j to r.irrvj nut tr the Concerning this subject, however, the thought that presses one most strongly is that the correction should be administered from a right motive and be absolutely just. The only ground on which punishment should be1mposed upon any, child is the hope that the -- penalty-may prpve a de- terentv 1 0 punisn trom a leeung ot personal is simple revenge and fatal to justice; besides which it shows a very bad example. Charlie inadvertently knocks the table at which we are writing, and spills the ink; in sudden box his ears. "Presently Charlie's little anjrpr brother-a- s unintentionally upsets the. blocks with which he is building, and is sent away crying with a hearty slap. We condemn Charlie s behavior ""asunkind; but from whom did he copy it? Againr when administering correction in the beat of irritation, how are we to guard against being influ enced, by mood! a precaution which is essential. An inoffensive action can not becorne punishable because the mother has had a bad night with baby, duu icc-iAny uiuj u in an tx vy uiJ; UCCU Ud.Il wrong-doin- g, "dead writings of Moses and the' Prophets; only to be properly interpreted by the Spirit which they; of the earth, earthy; their rejected. They were minds were materialized, and in their overweening" , desire for aempbraldeliverance jind possession of" eartMyJ.hi ngs, Jh eyloTexlooke offered them, the spiritual AN AUNTIE'S NOTIONS ABOUT CHIL- greater deliverance iife. of eternal riches the the Gospel, freedom of DREN. faith are various, adapted to all of tests The REWARDS AND PUNISHMENTS. natures an conditions. The test appliecMo one man to the days of the Savior was to "sell all he Hevcould not stand -- had and give to the poor," Doubtless the best and" highest "motive which t worof instead his idolized foT he Wealth, the test, can impel .either chi d or ja.dult. to obedience is a far was test Abraham's 'greater; sense of duty and love to the person whose wishes shiping God. been to have would him; nothing are to be respected. But experience teaches us old and silver in his touched 'he was. tendefesrpotuhererair that, owing to the fraiHyolMiuman nature, these tested. Ihe nil be noblest feelings are often not sufficiently developed, strength ot a chainisthe wall the that weakest its of link, and lack iht necessary power to effect the desired strength is weakest "is the wall against" which the end; in which case we. have the divine authority will be' directed, for adopting a system of rewards ard punishments battering, ram of temptation his offer to" Abraham" was required up laws. only for the enforcement have must the struggle It has seemed to me that the chief evil to be son, and hard though it his in sacrifice the made heart, though been, he guarded against in giving rewards is the tendenthe act him to consummate of was not required cy to degenerate into bribery. A child is told to the of father the and became test the stood He ""d6athTng"v;hicri in itself is simple enough, such faithful.- He was a brave man, not one who did as, Go to bed, or come and be' washed, and-h- e not feel for many men are called brave because so'j.says objects. "Eo, and I'll give you who - no sense of danger man 6V a but have if the and mother the nurse, they in t, feltandufferedrand-yet,4ike-Chrisgroaning upon juvenilecomplies, and forward his" agony of trial, went Her tact; whereas she has not only' in all proba performed the will of God. Such men are the bravest of the bility involved herself in the providing of a simisouls. of men giant, lar bribe upon all future occasions, but worse still, brave; they are w i come have d vi uii ujuui v w vj The Latter-damy w. Saints, though they many vm'4 VH has committed the grave error of offering to the to and often made are suffer, wrongfully, child a. premium for disobedience) for had the child through a Gentile lineage, have been taught they of sequence temporary, peevishness in the paare the children of Abraham. What is the test? promptly andunmurmuringly done as he was told, rent, or merely from a spirit of retaliation ! he would have had no reward. I once knew two Thatthey do the works of Abraham; live by every Furthermore, in order to judge fairly of the merword of God, keep his commandments and conlittle boys who were suffering. from the same illits of a case, one must' take time to weih fess His hand in all things ; willing to lay their all ness. The one took all necessary medicine and thoroughly the probable motives of the child's nourishment without objection, and received no upon the altar and sacrifice earth for heaven, the conduct, to consider whether it arose from ignor temporal for the spiritual," time for eternity. prize; his brother made a point of refusing un or It is hard to discourage a people who will do less offered some substantial inducement to obed- i- ance or wilfulness, from mere to wish for from a the annoy; feeling underlying this; who see in all things the ha.nd of the Lord euce, and consequently grew rich upon the bribes and the the not amount of damage or his own Who action, over them for their good and he thus obtained. Was not this unjust and de glory. trouble resulting should be the gauge of the pen"I know that my Redeemer can say moralizing?. alty. Throwing stones, if forbidden, is equally and that He will stand at the latter-daupon Some people get their children in the habit of wrong, whether or not a broken window is the the earth; and though, aftermy skin, worms denever going to bed without a sweetmeat or bis consequence ; and the- latter disaster, though cuit asan incentive to willingnesi;and at any stroy this body, yet in my flesh shall I see God." cau s i n g vex a t i 0 n a n d expense, does not actually The Saints have passed through worse scenes time the accustomed goodie is not forthcoming, aggravate the fault. A furs accident should than the present; they have been robbed and the wailing that follows is both loud and long. never be visited with severer reproof than an ad "driven and oppressed, and many have suffered had also brought up her little One mother monition to greater carefulness in future. A pen even death for the Gospel's sake ; and their chil sonto always expect pennies fir the smallest ser alty for any offense should, moreover, never be vice he performed on her behalf and as a result dren, if they are the true issue of such noble inflicted if there is a chance that verbal remon- fathers and, mothers, will prove their integrity in I have often beard the most unseemly-bargainin... - J w like manner. Only the chaff will be blown "away, " ... when he has been asked to do anything, as to how uo, lllltlUl j first hearing impartially the xulpi it's own much she would pay fim for it! Thus one can the wheat will remain; the children of the . . . , i r world "willrorback"" into the world, but" the not hejp.seeing the fallacy of giving rewards as a .sraiemem as 10 ine reason ior nis conduct; it may easilybe seen whether he is offering empty exchildren of Abraham will endure, like him, faithregular thing,to be expected, and taken as a right, cuses, or any real palliation of his fault. ful unto the end. rather than as an occasional encouragement. and a But in order that this plan . may work well, and It matters not whether we be rich or poor, bond "proof .that an effort to be good is not unnoticed. unerring justice be done, the child must from his Of course any special arrangement for enabling or free; in sorrow or in joy; if we know that God earliest years be trained to absolute candor and a child to earn a little by industry lives, and we are engaged in His cause, and aie truthfulness. true to our professions, all that happens will be for pocket money comes under a different head; Jennie Chafpell. as does also a particular prize for some unusual our best good.. effort the mastery of an extraordinary task, qt When the Saints were stripped of all their earththe conquering of an objectionable habit. But ly possessions, and driven outof Missouri, Heber ITEMS FROM ENGLAND. ' C. Kimball, an Apostle, wrote to the Church in now to speak of punishments. Our Poet Laureate . says: ' "' England: "Be of good cheer,brethren and sisters; Editor Exponent: "He that only. rules bjr terror the Church was never in as good a condition as Our Jubilee festirities are, rjow drawing to a Doeth grievous wrong." now; they have lost all their earthly goods and are close with the year, and soon they will be con now ready to go forth and preach the Gospel to a And the parent whose "sole notion of discipline . sidered things of the past. Weiiave seen, this ' dying world." is to hold the rod, figuratively speaking, perpetuallast twelve months, many magnificent 'eights A people who hold such views cannot be disly over his children's heads, is certainly unfit for and pageants, that will foe handed down to pos- couraged; not even by death. hisresponsbilities. I do not now intend to dwell tenty VVe have heard " the nattering remarks It was Governor Lilburn W. Boggs, an Ameri-ca- n upon the question of whether corporeal punishof respect, and beheld the many beautiful is who Jssued the edict "to exterminate the is or a unit is as but not, advisable; rule, ment, gifts presented to our beloved Queen, from al 'Mormons' or drive them from the State." God. deniable that the form of punishment must vary most every nation upon the earth, and no Engbe thanked that the Saints are not of such a the of .different with children on tne dispositions lish heart can feel other than proud of these stripe of Americans as, this man, who could thus rob a whom it is to be inflicted,' and the character of tokens of esteem towards the illustrioHS it forth. Therefore I am .Sovereign whom the King of kings has spared helpless and ipnocent people; expelling 15,000 the offense which caljed Americans from their homes, in a land of liberty, inclined to think that for boy of coarse, heavy, so long to govern" her people. for the sake of their religion. Such men for the and material commission of such nature, may say Bright as the year ha3 been in many re- 1 , . -- " ; an-"noya- nce : . a-- e -- - so-an- d weak-minde- d y," prides-herself,-possibl- i v- v y 11 . thoug-htlesnes-s with-Job- , liv-et- h y. - 1 g v . . -- ' : . ..- . . . " ; . 