WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 4t, -- iuc.w fc-- m A-z- ,.... r jcdis.pi our settlement : rl,9nf.rc' 3 r0' . thV viu. n . invariably learned this lessor, and that, too, gener- - we cannot guardjodclosely the morals of our u'Tnvun children. Have we the courage to say to them. ' " . ' . . ''Vnit V"-"rv. . ..:(. uu w.a excursion to parry.-othat dance, because certain . individuals will be . . it tnere whose character is questionable?" Can we say to them that they must not indulge in pleasure seeking, on the Sabbatn,day, that they cannot be iut at nights, and many other things of equal im portance? And. when we have said this can we U i i f i.i u,u uiuiijr uic giuunu we nave taicen aitnougn our children should - quote , President So and So, or Bishop So and So's children, or the children of any other dignitaries as being allowed these" in dulgen'ces? Can we say to the son of our friend and neighbor to whom our 'daughter is betrothed,"It is now teri' o'cldck and Josephine must go to bed ?" Can we teach our daughters that rambles: in the darkness of night or loiterings at the gate with feet upon the damp ground are both danger- ous tne nrst, to good morals, .the second to health? : .iiuij6ai ui me lollies andmanv nf th. w . . crimes of modern U1C 9 P T in, Tvatchiner and iruardTrft oS.imsi uieir cviis, ana it will require the utmost vigilance on our part to preserve the purity .U oi our a T.i.:. wJ 1. -- -. 1 W r . - '" ' ? . 1 4 -- . r ' - rr" Aunt us pro-miscuo- Iutii. - HIGHER EDUCATION FOR WOMEN. .. I recollect, some years ago, remonstrating with , read, the other day, the synopsis of a discourse delivered by the noted Dr. J. P. Newman, in his church in Washington. He is giving a series ot lectures on the education of women. which he dignifias by. the title of sermons, and lauds the sanctity of the Sabbath day to them, which, in a measure, doubtless gives them the air at least of sacredness. The length to which these lectures, to adopt his title, discourses, have been drawn out will be seen from the following: "I have sought," said Dr. Newman, "a logical connection in these discourses. First, 'Woman in history;' second 'Woman's mission;' and tonight we shall consider 'Woman's educaton for that mission.' Next Sabbath evening we will talk of Woman's, power, in that mission,' and the following week of Woman's power for "that mis- , sion. ', This comes as nearly working a subject into distinctions withont a ditlerence as welL can be imagined. While it gives evidence of a plenti-tud- e ot resource it also shows a lamentable absence of topics. Not that too much can be said on the proper education of women; but that it can be drawn into atmospheric thinness by confining it in such limits. The changes in the title of subjects give evidence of power to play with words, to make verbal changes, but to leave the great text ever the same. But these remarks are not to the point. understands education fft the sense that is now commonly accepted,and he looks but for the; 1 a " - . a girl twenty-si- x years of age because of her constant practice of sitting up with her lover until onspnng ot Abraham. if a very, late hour. Said she, "Why, Aunt Ruth, children , are not taught in their youth by their can't you trust me?" I replied "No, mothers to revere add follow the counsels of their I cannot trust you." She felt emphatically, herself insulted at fathers it will be hard indeed for the father ever the time, but thesequel proved I was right, for to control them. And when I undertake to con she has cause to regret to this day that she trusfed . trol a child who wants to it me be shall herself too far. Mothers, you will be doing your conquer death tr him hpfnrp vipid. daughters a kindness to limit your trust in them in minds let be sanctified before the Mothers, your this one particular, and exercise that surveillance this for is the Lord, commencement, the true and motherly authority thalTare the true safefoundation of a proper education in your children; guards of virtue and maidenly purity, and they will the beginning point to form a disposition in your esteem you all the more highly in after years. " Such a thing as lost virtue among the daughters of offspring that will bring to you satisfaction, com fort, honor and glory." I would recommend every the Jews is a rare occurrence indeed, and their jaccomplish ue-to mother to read this entire discourse, for it is full virtue-is an unceasinvigirancecoupled among the women which, in times gone by long- ofTich instruction upon this point, and is in per with a wise and proper exercise of parental 2,000 years ago it was the Holy Spirit alone feet harmony with the revelations of God given authority. T For while Jewish parental kindness is could accomplish, while I can understand that through the Prophet Joseph; proverbial its authority is almost absolute, and' is education with some, like the quack's pill, is the Think for a moment. The little tabernacle that in perfect keeping with the law of God both cure for all sorts, I do not understand, how the in into this instrumental been have and modern. Mosaic bringing you wise can view it in that light.. For those who look world is quickened by a spirit that came ,from God - Our boys, also! Do we not too early in lift upon it so, thereTIs much to unlearn. The power and esteemed by Him as of such intrinsic value, place them at too great a distance from us? For of speech is not the gift of inspiration, and we arc unaccomalone or come to allowed as not to still like children in many respects very easily example: Had we kept up the practice of kissing is who a attended by guardian angel, them good night until they were well along in their panied,)ut pleased, and more especially when our most an unseen will, although observer, certainly teens, we would have detected and corrected their is appealed to. 1 do not take exception to Dr. Newman's position in the main, but the question testify to the treatment it receives at your hands. early habit of smoking,"in hundreds of instances, With this view, then, shall we spend our entire before the habit had become a confirmed one. that presses itself upon me always is this; when time in the decoration of our children's bodies, We might elaborate upon this subject to considerwomen shall have been accorded equal rights with the their or in pandering to serve to men at least in matters that relate to education appetites, neglecting able length, but this one example-wil- l of which attributes of those when women become educated as the most san deity show how necessary it is for us to keep our childdevelopment to their latent cultivation of ourselves their entire give ren close to us ; possess only require proper guine advocate of education Jiopes for them, what life all that strength and .vigor which constitute then? There is not a question tthat the admiraconfidence and never lose it, then our reward will true manhood and womanhood ?v To whom belong be all we can desire. True, some may be forward tion of many for education is but another phase the principles of honor, integrity, virtue and truth? and cut themselves loose from parentarrestraint of the insanity that inspires in some faith in a cure- be manifest the in all pill. All this if undertaken should be com-- . To God. And these can only and authority, but the consciousness of having menccd and carried on for results. The very "last flesh through the spirit which came from God, done our duty will' relieve us from those regrets and least result should be the desire for education . and He will hold us responsible for this great that always follow neglect. trust. We hail with pleasure the elevating and corr for itself alone. Education power, virtue, tears, smiles, the Gospel of Jesus Christ, are all for purrecting influences of the Improvement Associa We must remember, also, that our children be -Sabbath Schools and the Primaries, but poses. When any of these become the great aim long to the Church with , which we ourselves are tions, the instead of a means only to a higher end, lheir exercised from infancy identified, and that we owe a duty to the Church a mother's influence, wisely worth and their purpose become valueless and the than them all. Realiz in regard to them, and wehould preserve them to maturity, is more potent results attained, will never justify the labor receive ing this fact, let-u- s Rouble - our diligence having for the Church's use.- secure thim. Paul said he was not therein will come to us also if we have done our in view, also, the many evils that exist among us, "ashamed of the Gospel of Christ, notbecause it dutv.. while their dishonor will coverus.with their. and the avenues that are kept open night and day was a means, if., "for it is the powerjof God unto of Zion from the shame if we have neglected our duty. One great to allure and decoy the youth salvation." Without it the end could not be weakness that I have noticed in manyjiiothers is path of virtue and honor. therefore it was all imporlant,not for itself, Qne more word upon the subject of promiscuous in their want of firmness. To kindly say no, when but through it salvation might belhad. Surely edu' gatherings and I will stop. If the same strictness no should be said, and maintain that position de cation in he worldly senseof jhc, day cannot be -to a in this regard were observed now as in the early spite tears and entreaties, will give strength of greater import than the Gospel of "Christ, even "days of the Church, how many would be under "mother inlfie government of "condemnation? In the month of October, 1837, .though professed disciples of Christ and the Vond estimate. For the want of this firmness e d feeders of his alleged sheep, may see fit I mistake not) thirty-onpersons were and she (if her to children, is a mother a slave, many to place it before the Gospel as a saving factor. from the Church in.Ktrtland for joining finds in after life that she has lost all control over If the religion of Christ is but a means we can in a dance with the outsiders, and each one had to them. I think it wise to early teach our children give no more credit and accord no more power to make public acknowledgement of their wrong bethe principle of sacrifice, for this is one of the Dr. education. Though the great Word-Smit- h fore they were restored to fellowship. Yet some and exaltation. salvation our to essentials great do to so. Newman indirectly attempt our young people complain of the arbitrary rule Those who have been truly great on earth have of , . T - of the Priesthood whrn they condemn these associations. ' v late, President, Brigham r All n m .u SpcaKing upon the responsibilities of luuiig, uses the following forcible language (see mothers, Journal of Discourses, No. c. Vol. i): "I will tell you the truth as you will find it in eternity. If your cnnaren do not receive impressions of true piety, virtue, .tenderness and every principle of .l I . i I r1 r (1 Acnnl ,... t Vl jruu iuAy ue assurea mat tneir vwoti, sins will not be required at the hands of the father, but of the mother. Lay it to heart, ye mothers, for it will invariably be so. If you sutler your children to grow up wild and uncor rected, when they come into the hands of their fathers, and .will 'not follow their counsels, let them be disowned and have no portion in the in .heritance; let them be disfranchised, be'banished from Israel, and not numbered in the books of the onspring.-Ou- 189 Dr.-Newm- -- 1 -d- 1! self-estee- . ; . . lL4he-honor.lhey . ob-taine- d, self-appoint- ed disfel-lowshipe- an 