WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 156 EDITORIAL NOTES. dictated, whether man or woman. The writer is -- well the: elective acquainted with the exercise of, .. 1XT .LI. 10 announce that of women uc auie. the iu U. franchise in the, hands of Utah, vyt ai c .U.l.J the picucu l. in of women the interested as mother of the Prophet Lucy Smith, picture many knowing, perhaps," in been has received the other woman as for the suffrage person just Joseph, (yesterday, the 14th any inct rjnH rAnic will Ka cnf "ic ennn o v --Territory, having been for quite a number of years for Utah of the National Woman's ble. Persons entitled to them, living near, had better call for them, as it will save rolling and Suffrage Association, and practically interested and in affairs of that kind, and the advancement perhaps creasing them.'- enfranchisement of . women' everywhere. And We have received, by courtesy of the respective having been one of the three women named in a members of Congress who made them, several inpetition presented to the courts here against teresting and excellent speeches. Senator H. VV. women voting, and trying ''to compel the assessor Blair of New Hampshire, on Woman's Suffrage, and register of voters to erase and strike, from December 8 , 1886, presenting logical and, one the list of voters the names of EmmelineJB. Wells, would think, conclusive arguments in r of the Maria M. Blythe and A. G. Paddock, and also cwomen. Senator of enfranchisement Joseph E. the names of all women whose names thereon ap same on the of Georgia, subject, taking jBrown pear on the aforesaid list." etc. This case was "tnV the of and view' opposite matjer, presenting decided in favor of women and the names of reasons and all those that a beautiful flowery women were continued upon the voters' lists and and thoroughly cultivated Southern gentle-ma- n women were allowed to. vote at any and all elec is accustomed to use in faVor of woman's tions in this Territory until the passage of the delicacy and incapacity for public duties. If Edmund-Tuckbill. At the municipal election every womam had a husband like Senator Brown, in Brigham City,Monday, the 17th, two ladies pre- this question would never haveteen perhaps sented-votand were rejected. The case will , . ' . j 11 raised, out .women as weu as men nave 10 ngnt doubtless be carried through the courts, at any of life, and therefore they need the prorate it ought; to be, and ascertain. whether even, the battle tection" of the ballot and courage to stand, and Congress can take the suffrage from any class of such practical education as will prepare them to citizens who have legally held it, and who have aerena .ineir ngnis, pomicauy, ana siana equal. not been accused of any misuse of the privilege with man as well as educationally. " The stirring To deprive women who have been voters of the and timely speech of the Delegate from Utah, of ballot is just as wrong as it would be. to deprive which mention has been made before in our men,at least we see no reason why such is not the columns, and. the minority report in favor of the case, and to submit to the indignity without pro testing and defending the position would not be resolution asking for' a constitutional amendment consistent with the courage and independence providing for woman's suffrage. This minority manifested by the women of Utah in the past. If report is signed by members of the Judiciary r ii nr n t tt T T1 tt Congress can take the ballot from the women of committee 01 me nousc, jl. x. layiur, w. r. Caswell." ahcL also A. A. Rannev this Territory It can take it from the women of TT pnhurn. L. B. .r . ' jt one no how not is there and of, the Committee who presoon who, althaugh telling Wyoming, they pared the report, adds his name below and says, might attempt it.- "I concur "in the opinion of the minority, that the - The women-wh- o assembled in -- convention in .resolution ought to be adopted." Washington,, during the month of February, made a vigorous and forcible protest against the action of Congress in the matter, a'nd also presented a HENRY WARD BEECHEK PASSES memorial to the President of the United States, AWAY. urging him to veto that particular clause.of the Bill whichdisfranch!sed"women voters, which we New York, March 8, 9:45 a.m. Beecher is publish in full in this issue. dead. . The restoration of the dower, about which so DEATH-BEDETAILS. and pretended friends of all many women have said so much, is a positive injustice New York, March 7, midnight. A message fo the women of Utah, and cannot be too severely just received from Brooklyn says that a very de cided change for the worse has taken place in the deprecated, as it prevents any provision being made for plural wives and children, and would condition of Beecher, and that the members of place women, who have entered into the most ' his family are gathered about fris bedside.' sacred covenants of marriage, from the strongest Many telegrams were received "during the day, on a so but none of them have" been opened. far as it is level, religious convictions, Mr. Beecher is steadily failing, 10 o. clock p.m. .possible for them to do it, with that unfortunate class of women in the world wh6m men dishonor but we do not think he will die . , and then cast off at their pleasure. W. S. Searle, M. D. . Woman 'S Exponent EMMELIhE . Published seml-montbl- D. .. Editor. WELL.S, in Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms r. . one copy one year," $2.00; onq copy six months, 51.00. Ten ' : . copies for the price of nine.' Advertisine rates: Each sauare, ten lines of nonpareil nari. one tima. 82.50: Mr month. J3.00. A liberal discount n werilar advertisers. second Exponent office, No. 25 E., South Temple Street, a.m iu iron bours Business Office. Newi gate east of Deseret b 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. -Address all business communications to -pTJBLISnER WOMAN'S EXPONENT,, : Salt Lake City. Utah. March Salt Lake City, 15, 1887. uis-cuss- in lilt 1 bllltUIJ'j Ulb 4 , fa-vo- re-fin- ed Since it has been understood that the Edmunds-Tucke- r bill had become a law by default, the ' President of the United States withholding- - his signature, the situation in Utah thus brought about nas iurnisnea a topic ior conversation, and argument, in many places and among friends and foes. A municipal election following so soon after in one of the principal VI nt " COMMENTS. - vice-Preside- JUUU UJJJUHUiiUJi for expresssion of sentiment at the polls. It seemed to be the opinion of prominent men opposed in their views to the veritable citizens of the "Saints could not Territory, that the Latter-da- y possibly take the test oath, which was formulated for them by members of the Utah Commission. The sequel shows that a large number of them could, and therefore the real design of the clique, who manipulate things here and makejrepresen. -- Saints to the Con tations against the Latter-dagress of the United States, are again thwarted in their design to gain possession of air the local offices m tne J erritory, at least. .It may be that y er es . 1 1 . " 1 1 . cruel law, but it has been so modified that those who labored and clamored for its passage are It has certainly been greatly disappointed. robbed of some of its worst and most objectionable features. The municipal election in Brigham City on Monday, the 7th inst., was very satisfactory to the people who have settled and built up the counjry. To have put their city into the hands of a minority, who are; at bitter enmity with the majority of its citizens, would have been deplorable indeed. It is a thriving, industrial town, and the people have exerted themselves to make it beautiful aswell, and they have kept down elements that are calculated to destroy and lead away the young, but since the liberal element has shown itself there, liquor saloons have been started, and the influence of these has already made itself apparent, and it is in this and other such ways, It is true, beyond contradiction, whatever the that the young people "of Utah arc to be civilized world. may think, that "Mormon" women know by those would-b- e reformers who are determined, what they want better than these regenerators So they to crush out and kill-M or "either men or women, can tell them, and as - for ' monism. suffrage and rights, they know what they are en The,, women j)f Utah who have exercised the titled tOj and will and can defend their own posiprivilege of the elective franchise for seventeen tion. "As for the pri nciple of plural marriage, they years are, through the passage of this bill, excluded have steadily maintained their convictions, in refrom the polls, and without any excuse whatever, gard to it, and all the persecution brought to bear simply because they are women, not for any real will not shake the confidence . they have in its di reason for no com plaint has ever' be en mad e vine authority, nor can it take away the belief from the in manner which against they havejisedjhiii bedo n ecrTegisIaTed .any. onewhat e ve . . t mem uesiuwcu tne upon rigm, by Legislature of against its practice. Hindering women from votthe Territory, except that the liberals have said ing will not help to abolish the principle, for they they voted as they were, told, and voted with their will have no promise to make and no oath to take this and call a husbands, misuse of the ballot. they and consequently can talk all they like, and there The ballot is understood to be a free expression of will be no restraint; thus "it is that in everything one's political opinion, and in Utah, where for almost that the enemies of this people seek to acmany years the ballot has been a secret one, there complish, they thwart their own purposes, and by could be no reason for any one voting in any and bye they will be caught in the meshes of the other way, except as the person's oNvn net they have set to catch the Latter-daintelligence Saints -- D law-make- rs -- so-call- -- have-stated, -- . -- , -- r--may T - 1 a. . - - S y to-nig- At 10:30 the house was. closed for the .night. A meeting of parishoners of PlymoutlTChurch was held in the lecture room commencing at 8 p. m. I he room was crowded with male ana lemaie members of the congregation and not a few friends from other churches, and there was scarcely a dry eye,, to be seen from the beginning to the end of the proceedings. Mr. Tilney presided and Rev. Dr. Hallidie opened the meeting, with a -- thattheir moving beloved pastor might not even be allowed to seem to suffer, bufthat he mustspeedily-attaii- r unto that rest prepared for him. - After singing a hymn, Jackson offered prayer and the chairman then read a portion of Scripture commencing: "Finally, beloved, be strong in the Lord and in the power of His might, which is able to keepTtw, ' from failing," etc. It seemed as if those words were a message to him who was leaving them, because it seemed as though he were a born warrior. In all the past . ed prayer,-in-which-he-decid- . 