WOMAN'S EXPONENT i. r - , " and Romans used to, recline at their banquets, s still prethe. habit of lying at" publie-diunervails. Boston Bulletin. V '!' The Prince? t ; Marie Augustin Despeissis, of London, is a new departure in the way of women in veil tons., Khft'hiu nat.p.ntel a device for creatins: a regu lar and even draught through the'tubes or Hues of steam boiTerdTw'lHch u saiJTovurl welt " ' The Lake Champlain steamer, Water Lily, has- - o . - ' : r ill Prof. Shaler says the actual moving of the the is groaud in the case of earthquakes slight; -- Charleston shocks, for instance,0 probably swinging the earth t and fro within thspace of an inch. . Attention to .good masonry in building would secure immunity from shocks in most cases. -- Lady Wilde, the mother ofOscar, and the author of Irish revolutionary poems which she wrote in 1848 oyer" the name of Spefanza, is living in London it i3saT(lihl)lcfe""wanT7'b--caus- e her Irish tenants have not paid a cent of .rent in six years; yet she will, not consent to a single eviction on her estate. ' Mme. Dieulafoy, who received the Cross of the Legion of Honor from the French government for the help she gave her husband in his explorations among the ruins of Susa, has a She found' long taste for masculine attire. skirts inconvenient at Susa, and adopted clothes better suited "to the work. The other night she shocked Paris by appearing at the theatre in masculine dress, with the Cross of the Legion of Honor on her breast. The papers are now recalling instances of other celebrated French Joan 0 f A re- to G wrgeSa m - w ho-- 1 wmea-fron- i discarded the usual dress of her sex. But Mme. Dieulafoy probably will not make a practice of appearing thus attired, since a French Jaw, passed in 1857, empowers the police to arrest any woman who dresses like a man, unless she is armed-wita physician's: certificate to show ' that she does it for the good of her health. 1 - " R.K. THOMAS e, EAfrL EfPflfflf; ti. s. to-da- SALT LAKE CITY. y k, ' ' Retail The Leading ease - a woman pilot in the person .of Mrs. Louise Daniels, "wife of Captain Daniels, of that steamer. Mrs. Daniels, who is a prepossessing woman of forty-twyears,- lias j ust received her license to act as pilot on Lake Champlain' ' " wrters. , . life-leas- in having her flmifrhiftra tauiHht 'dresdinakincr h'ji3 determined thafthey shall make some of their own gowns as an example to poor, but proud, gentle" women.' I) f of Wales and and brightwith real "halcyon days" here there, l our daugnierd, uuw juuu a will feel that your example has given them and the world. must.needs aclarger knowledge its errors. The promise for the 'Volden age" for women is fair, but its realization will never breached lun til home .training. and its gir s undergoes the needed reformation, shall and women secure a physical poise whichunder-?akin'all to their, (rive judgment and. stability devolves of Upon the women but, when filled wiUr glory and a mighty ta-Dr. honor, it teems with rich possibilities. Elizabeth Chap in. - ,- Oasli BARGAIN IN MUSIC. This Favorite Album of Songs and. Ballads, pieces of choice and popucontaining thirty-twmusic size; with complete lar music, full sheet words and music and piano accompaniment is finely printed upon heavy paper, with a very attractive cover. The, following are the titles of the songs and ballads contained in the Favorite Album: As I'd Nothing Else to Do; The Dear Old Songs of Home; Mother, Watch the Little feet; Oh, You Pretty Blue-eyeWitch; Blue Eyes; Katv's Letter; The Passing Bell; I Saw EVau Kissing Kate; Won't You Tell Me Why, Robin; The OhlGarden Gate; Down below the' Waving "Lindens; Faded Leaves; All "Among the Summer Koses; Touch the Harp Geritly, my Pretty Lt)uise; XReally o E.K.TH . -- TINNERS, CAS, WATER d y Agent for UUMSEYVi celebr ite PUMPS. Pumps Ilepalre-- t resr-i-ne-ir- rejude J the country promptly Addrsss. K -- EA7I3 ll'Ill. Z in. . B:x 33S ZLL7 LAZE CIT7. ESTABLISHED -- -- LlFTun i I ; Don't Think T Shall Marry; Dreaming of Home; The old Cottage Clock; Across the Sea; A Year Ago; Bachelor's Hall; Ruth and I; Good Night; Quo Happy Year Ago; Jennie in the Orchard; The Old Barn Gate; Jack's Farewell; Polly; Whisper in the Tvv&ght. .This 13 a very fine collection of real vocal gems, and gotten up in very handsome style. Published in the usual way and bought at a music store, these 32 pieces would cost you $11.20. We bought a job lot of this music at a great sacrifice, and as the holidays are past, we desire to close out our stock at once. Will send "you the entire collection, well wrapped and postpaid, for only 40 cts. fii Ami N. Y. FITTERS & STEAM OCTOBER, 1868. ( IfL J SALT LAKE CITY, UtahIMPORTERS Send immediately. 0.,, byraenser' pi fc Ncw3 Dr y G00d s , - AND JOBBERS OF No t i 0 n s i Groceries HEAVY AND SHELF HARDWARE, GLASS AND QUEENS WARE, ELEGANT CUT GLASS, CLOTHING FOR HOT AND COLD WEATHER. v AGRICULTURAL A good illustration of the changes of temperature to Jwhich ihe body may: be subjected in a brief interval, may", be found on any warm day of summer when a TOOLS AND IMPLE iENTS, ; " MISCELLANEOUS. Sorrows are to life what shades are to a picture it is only by them the light is revealed. The newspaper should become a fountain of truth and moral influence," and should take its stand upon some high and good principle, and assert it boldly in the face of all opposition. strong north or easterly wind is blowing. On such a an individual day sitting in the full blaze of the sun, and well sheltered from ' the wind, may feel positively "hot;" while anotherequally well projected from the wind, but sheltered also from the sun, may feel but comfortably warm; a third exposed to the full blast of the wind, to the rapid over the body of passage a colder air, may reasonably complain of being chilled Now it so, happens that the disorders- that depend upon what is known as catching cold "for the most - depend part upon the sudden changes of temperature. '.'These dkorrW says an authority, "are induced 1. Godwin. by the removal of heat to --an usual extent from the external of internal surface of th he same writer from the tomb sweeter than body. recognizes three factors in. the cause of a probable "cold"is -a a there low temperature, air in remembrance of the dead, to song; and I which we turn eveii of the Jion, us-- moisture; and think that common experience teaches iw of these factors-t- hat these we would not exchange for the colds are most living; when the 'frequent is cold and weather of bursts the of pleasure windy and wet revelry. Now, against these evils of sudden change woolen underO mothers, do not fold the hands across garments, afford a trustworthy, protection. They isolate your empty lap, and say at fifty, "The story is the body. They prevent it from being influenced by the told.-- ' changes of temperature that are active around. home has been so that abrupt Their outside iuterests have fallen properties are such that they become the poorest exaway from you ' find the broken thread, or take one' ponents of those changes. Linen and on mr up a new may the other cotton, hand, as good conductors of heat, aresusceptible to modifications of temperature. They render the body injuriously-aucoura,wuh the condition of the surrounding atmosphere and would encourage it to take part in all the changes , PAPERS, ALL GRADES AND NEWEST DESIGNS., We carry a hrgtfr and more complete Stock than any house In the weni. StsTL Will bo found the latest styles in pioductions LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIE8, FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, m and you will soon find yourselves among the world' creators.- - The summer sunshine went with the children, but your autumn be loii" AND WALL AT TEA mDR US and W-'Irpin- If CARPETS Supt. Special to the Ladies. ms' all-aborbi- CLOTH AND CLOTHING, PURE DRUGS AND CHEMICALS H. S. ELDREDGE. Threlsavoice from-the-ehar- . RIBBONS, COLLARS, And an elegant assoftmenf of ,t X) IRj IF TIES, v Gr OO ID S . Special department for Ladies' st's Shoes. Mitwea 112, 114, 110, 113 KfiU Temple and lu- klre 