75 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Be content with modto sWd-deb- t. erate gains, and be not misled by illu- sory hopes of acquiring wealth. Remember the saying of the wise man: rich "But he. that hasteth be innocent." Let our.chil shall dren also be taught habits of economy, and not" to indulge in tastes which they cannot gratify without'runuing in ... debt. .that of brotherly and sisterly affection nd love-- throughout the South m S'atc-r- , as other communities as well as our own. we are informed by President .John But vye export considerable wool even Backbiting and Would' have- no txistence amonj.' Morgan, ha been much better of late after all our factoriesarc well supus; out peace aodlove and good will than it ha been at same other plied. If this could be manufactured would reign in all our hearts and hab- i'ne Elders are listened to withperiods, mote at home, it wouht add greatly to the ' itations aud settlements. 'We would patience and do not meet with 'so much wealth of our community, not only m be the happiest pegule on the face of of the spirit of mobucracy and un- the profits which would accrue from the the earth, and the;, blessing .and peace reasoning hate. Additions ae being o.e oi il: iuc eu.jyiu.y macniuery, "ulfurnish of Heaven-woul- d rest "upon us and made to the Church, aiid;,l'!iose wriolmeui which to many it would upon all that belongs to us. of our citizens Besides the manufac fcihigi ate from that tvgion have gener If there lie unhappiness-auheartin ban Luis Valley, Cplo ture of woolen cloths, there is con- ally .settled ZION SHALL NOT BE IIKMOVED. ' burnings and quarreliugs aud hatreds rado. iderable home-mad- e hosiery1 of excel- The Elders in the North Western It nt oualitv which is placed on the Wchave been Javoretl, as no other among us, they exist because we do people have, with wise counsels. nut observe the religion which we pro- Statcs under, tne direction of President market. fess. They are not its fruits, Where WV. M.. Palmer, pursue their labors Their extent and variety are immeasThe range of articles which are cover urable. They every department these evils exist toere is a crying ne- with undiminished iyal and vVitfi mod- manufactured ia this Terr try Is of humau life. .So far as wo have obcessity for repentance. ,11 any feel in- erate success in, bringing people into grydualiy increasing; and from the; served them, prosperity and happiness jured, by the words or. acts of their the Church., ihese tie! is of labor fueling whicn now prevails we Judge have been the results. Whatever brethren or sisters, the Gopel points have luruished opportunities fur num-uer- s that many more branches will soon be 'difficulties' we may: have to contend out and. furnishes the wav bv which of our young meu to gain experi added to'those operation. are due, if not wsoliy, at this injury mav be repaired. Instead ence in missiouaiy enorisr, ana m;s:e The manufacturealreadjrjn; with of soaps of various least in great part, to of of talKing about this to others they who have this privilege .return homev grades has now become a- settled and should go to the uerson or nersons in the most of instances,' better quali- paj'ing business. A fine quality of hats not the Is this and experience .tjhem. testimony of all the faithful Saints who have done the wrong and' make fied to assist the local .authorities is also made. Boots, and shoes and who have watched the progress of their feelings known. If satisfaction where they reside in the labors of the clothing, glass, white lead, lead events "among u?. Had we observed is then made, that ought to end the ministry. . native brushes, pipe; .paints, In Great Britain, the Elders meet paper, these counsels, how many of the evils matter: but if not, it can be reported starch, printing typei from- which we now suffer- - would to the proper officers of the Church for with cousiUerable opposition in places, pearl barley and oatmeal are all manunever have been .'known among us! them to take the necessary steps to principally, however, from apostates, factured ia the Territory, aud iBany of. it of .them has- .brought its terminate the difficulties. In this way l'liey hud mat field a tuuca more Our neglect these articles in . sufficient quantities ..... one tn an it was in foiuief year a. iojiu p ply the lecal dem anil Jjidl o ex d mis Jiiiem. i i Lilt; r; ii tin a n j mo si ties ji n d Jllsn u ionc a njbi; pr e it. But shall we- not proiit by the ex- vented and confidence be maintained. Tne hearts ot. tne people seej to nave port to some extent. It is an encour-agin- become tfarcfeaed, and great .iidiger-euc- e feature in the most of these en perience of the past and act more wiseTAHTAKLNG. OF THE SACRAMENT. ly m the future? As the Lord has said prevails in regard to "religion. terprises that those engaged in them v e lew u Irom i'tesident G j rge are seeking to' Enlarge their facilities (Doctrine and Covenants,- sec. 90, ver. As Latter-da- y Siints, it 4s our gen- - SUil vvuo Teasdate. tne ureaides at with the view to increase tneir producpresent' eral custom to partake of the over time the tion. have a large number: of tnai " "But" Minion, Europeau a If week. once" '"yourfiiai I,"thc sacrament; mo the Elders ws who enter who children J zealously of our growing. Lord, will contend with Zion, and plead the Lord, teachings Willi utr strong ones, and chasteu her until in remetnbrauce of whom we observe ttieiaoorsof the ministry tiiid abuna-an- t shouiti be furnished with opportunicause lor rejoicing in the succe.--s. ties to acquire skill in mechanism the overcomes and is clean before me: for this sacred ordinance, be regarded, no she Hhall not be removed out o her place, one who has wnich their attemts manufactures, and other pursuits trespassed can be perI, the Lord, have .spoken it." tue German and Swiss which are necessary for the comfort Tnroughout mitted to shreiu it until he has made Mission Fredover Eider of man It is not only incumbentTipon-pare- nts by presided . reconcTITaTTon : com We should begin to understand that inshtTexpres's no erick Scnoenfcid, and tac Scandinale to seek for avenues of God's ways are infinitely superior to maudment of the Lord Jesus that over vian Eider S. for Msion their by o children, pieoickd employment ie shall be permitted to partake of our ways, and.- - thai liis counsels, blood unworthily. A C. Eiygare, the" Elders are Uooring but it should be kept in fview by the though they may seem to call for His flsh and also vvuu commendaole zeai and vsim leading menof the Church in all our sacrifice, are always the best and the more perfect-- system to prevent the .An idle man's brain, it safest for us to adopt and carry out. existence, of improper feelings and gratif) iLgmeresults. Auefiit is being settlements. is at made to devil's workshop, and the the is time said, present preach and sisters Thousands among us can testify to the wrongs among brethren v uere Ektcla JaCOO no community Goepel.in Ttlik.ey, prosper and maincan do If the be not Saints caij truth oi this from individual experiimagined. k hiarh of morality that E. a Tanner limtze J.M. and tain standard Spon, their duty, difliculties do not remain nave ecce. i nese mousanas snouia com evea are for its does furnish iaboriag.-aano', and been, employment unsettled beyond the Lord's day when bine and create a public opinion in fa the land of Palestine i.asbeen visited, members. Ear better to work for low vor of obedience to the counsel of they assemble to eat ana arms in reand ia the late company of emigrants wages than not to work at all. But heaven that will have its proper effect membrance of Him. vvnica reacneu tins Uity irom. Europe, with proper care, and by putting in upon our children and the mexperr TEMPLE WORK. nine persona were garnered who haa use the experience that many indiv?d-ua- ls enceu among us. in tvery st Ulement possess, there tne ia that' received Gospei Notwithstanding the difficulties that land, TJ1J2 GLOKY WILX BE THE LORD'S. a to be no want of remunerative emhallowed land the Saints have had to contend with of us as of home for the rising generation, the we also should learn this great late, they have pursued their labors in our Tiedeeuier. earthly soil of vvnica ployment who may come in from for others and and the every direction uitn unaoateq zeai. nis sacred feet trod. truth, that God will have all not always be kept abroad. It may ana nonor lor tne establishment of This is particularly noticable in their Ou tne Saudwicn Islands the Elder3 in mmd, yet it is a, fact, that "any perwish The at the attendance His Church and Kingdom on the Temples. are laooriuglaif.niuiiy under the Uitee centage of idle persons in a commuearth. Man cannot claim it In this or to avail themselves ot the opportum- William King, aud nity is a direct loss to the whole. lfnl any other age of the world. Nothing ties for a'tendiug to the ordinances for uone to improve is ur.fortuuate, also, for a thPir riPrpnd frnn everything dud tne power of God could have tae to of teat and the conaition when peopie young communi'y, brought for h the fullness of the Gos has, if anything, increased, and those save tnem irom the destruction which and are enterprising compelled pel, organized the Churcif, gathered employed in tnese sacred bu'idings- threatens tiie extinction of race.. to leave it and go elsewhere to find His people to Zion m fulfilment of have their tune fully occupied in per- .Tae mainLate is still at plantation emplovmector room for the exercise- revelation and performed trje-w- or k formiug tneir duties there. It, is. evl ivuo nave, la-and theEiuers oflhe talent of which they Teel themtained, Latter-day Saints wmch has been accomplished. There' dent that the 4iud-- w h o are-- s nil iao r i n! 1 tie i e seives r cd psessed- - Settlements that we are lore, as gaiter-aa- y saints, eater m are into the tMs situation win languisn ana managuiv.nt obliged to acknowledge tne hand of through this Temple work. Wnen we of thatwithpirit L'0 to decay, while others that furnish in a wav us lit Oem to property we reflect that have two buildings of r God in all the blessings we enjoy., as possible the native Saints. facilities for employment will become this ctiaracteralready completed, much, Tne ot the E.ders mere is di thr.fty and prosperous. The combiTHE CONDUCT OF OUll LIVES. attention furnishing abundant .facilities for reeled at to tne .Navigator nation oi capital by means of present to go there to It should be. the aim nf all thp mm. oallbtainwhot h e:choose 4 i;ratiiinwo ulik jiLiiianyJiistaaces, en- o r d i nan ces of God's jjianuwkere-tomejaytuiriiaga oers oi me unuicu to carry out prac nauve two able settlements to stait Dranches of Eiders the fium Saudwicn for thems.lves and for lsiauus a tically in their lives the principles of houe manufacture and conduct them suc- -. ia weie succesiul baptizing In whose salvation thev take thoe the Gospel. In no way can we better so of aud number natives schemes, howorganizing cessfully. Chimerical deep an interest, a'ud that we have large be them should not into Islands Tnese v.uuiiui,c- tuc woiiu vi lueii. tiULLl LUilU another ever, branches. encouraged, as lemple at Mantinearing com uae. not been visited by any of tae their failure destioys confidence in showing in our acts and dealings and one in Sait Lake City, and one with another and with pletion, makes it more difficult to obtain aid white is it but thai Elders, probable see. finished. we to before which hope mankind the elevating effect they some on tne Saudwicn for worthy enterprises which, might be long, our hearts are tilled with glad Islandsoi our inEiders cave upon us. we make high profesnear the future make a made successful. Where may ness and we cannot refrain from prais ' sions, and there should be such a high ing our has failed among us, it has not .; . there. visit His unto His Gcd for goodness standard of purity of life among us as we been because the principle is defect-- . receive which letters The, notwithto correspond with these professions. people in permitting them, Zealand where Presi- ive, but because of mismanagement, I K standing the opposition and many dif- froin..New lilho ininiifL-urphim run W r WU11V11 HJ I t CtTU nri VU "Crinn OUUU1U Pax in a a. presides, sometimes from ignorance and careWilliam dent nave had to contend ficulties they this, an be taught that the nam3 of with, to erectsuch us brin gratifying intelli-genc- e' lessness, aud sometimes, perhaps,from structures and to con'inueti Saint is so holy that they only who dedicate conuuiou and selfishness. the concerniug them, according to the patare pure in heart can iaim it Our countrvabounds in useful eleot tLere. Tne woik these sacred piogress He has tern given lor If our religion does not lead us to uses. Elders are very successful among the ment. We have a fertile soil, when love our God and our fellow man and JSo right feeling Latter-da- y Saint Maories. 'Many of the wjiite brethren properly cultivatt d, and anandadmirable to deal justly and uprightly with all vegetain acquiring the lan- climate. Grains, fruits, upon, this subject without have succeeded men, then our profession of it is vain, can think. well as all kinds of stock, can as of wtucn is to that bles, race, guage cognate for thrilled with joy heavenly being The Apostle says; here, and as superior in what God has done for us in our eener- - that of the Sandwich Islands, and two of be raisedas can be found anywhere on Ezra T. Kicaards and quality s "If a man say, I love God, and hateth his ation, furnishing us, as He has done, should be taken to enthe ne (.'are a are now is lia": lor lie that loveth not with every earth, Jr , uroiner, facility to prepare us, our Sondra weSanders, varieties. Our his brother, whom he hath seen, h'owcan he best the raise in are very informed, translating posterity and our ancestors for tnat gaged, love boa whom he hatn not seeur' and poultry, asf cattle, sheep, eternal world which lies beyond tne tae Book of Mormon into the Maori horses, and and as our well In Australia the Eiders are trains, be offruits, We can best exemplify our love for present life. The Latter-da- y Saints language. the should very a is but it much harder also vegetables, Wv our God by living Our religion. It is are. in truth, a his laboring, favored people, be vain to profess a love for God while and praise to God should ascend from field than among the natives of &ew best kinds, and no pains should Our systhem to pure. keep spared speaking evil of or doing wrong to His every heart and habitation in our land Zealand.i tem of irrigation does not admit . children. "The sacred covenants we for the great mercy' and goodness HOME MANUFACTURES. of the cultivation of la'ge areas of nave made with Him strictly impose which lie has shown unto us. He has bind. Our farms are moderate in ex uponl us the duties we owe toi one jnade us promises of the most precious Frequent reference has been made ia tent. This being the case, they sboald auumer; anu me great omee oi religion character, ana ne nas luinueu mem up past teaching's and in former Epistles be cultivated in the most approved would be the to the subject of home manufactures. is to teaxn us how to those to the present time. and the whole business conduties so as to produceperform the irreatest most ungrateiu! and unworthy people It has been, and we feel it slili ouht style, a farm" should be connected happiness for ourselves and for "our that ever lived if, after receiving,such to be, a 'heme of inexhaustible, inter- ducted with to bring the best manner m a fellow-beingWhen the obligations wonderful manifestations of His good est to Zion; yet there remains an imAs facilities lor education resul's. of our religion are observed, no words ness, we siacEenea in our tuiigence or mense amount to be done Jn developwill be a there undoubtedly are spoken increase, s fufnr.-hinor i cts are committted that failed in our obedience and devotion ing our resources and facile the id manage- would injure a neighbor. If the Lat- to Him and His great cause. ities for the employment of the people, marked improvement, of busi these: branches all meet of ter day Saints lived as they should do, It is pleasing to note the progress ness. MISSIONS. FOREIGN and as the r which is being made in some direcreligion teaches PRACTICAL EDUCATION. them to do, would be there have tions. Our woolen manufactures are Elders the treatment which The no feeling in any breast but received in preaching the Gospel gaining credit for their excellence in Jt is gratifying to notice the interest -- - . evil-speaki- - . t to--ge- nt : :. d i ' to-d- ay our-disngar- - d - tlil-ilcu- U . .. . 1 - ill L. I . o verlly-'l.jsayTun't- up-amon- - ir ex-rt!oi- prof-Pab- - d - nt-e- d the-glor- f It-i- s le Oo -- - co-o- w - i 1 IT v 1 VJ l 1 T I L LI :i : te " -- them,-Elder- " -- , - - . s. 1 a i . m . .,. p- ' 