67 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. TO MOTHER. Two years have rolled round, And a part of another, ' : Sinee-I-la-- rt the most curious, patterns; then the'r styld of table etiqutteinust correspond; the con versa tion must be of the.superstitious orderghosts; witches, haunted houses and gnomes, being interwoven, and all colore deep with mystery, that not even a grabr.te from Smith College , -- saw-4he-fa- ce ! Of you, darling mother; Now longing to see you, The fates still decree Another six months must be. l that ; - - :. ; -- sacred places f wouuered to " to theni, but socommou that they- or in& seeynegatner up iragrnetus tumble-down tHiieTin past, and spend so much churches and ruins of old houses, but most of all to traverse woods- and fields and closed the railroads came, or discontinued. Tli a lift 1a rcrl - cuIdnraveint;rTAV.otild-theyr- y Would talte away the charm. Often, when by-path- s, schoolhouse under the hill, where I taught the last one spent. in: dear New England, just to test my capacity for teaching, sioce adollar and a half a week was then con-- , siderd a good salary, ami many of the young teachersy "boarded round," and the very fact one-summe- . r, hearing of these little'r1iicidents, 1 nsed to think 1 should have an inexhaustible stock of material for future use; but as yet I have used comparatively little in any way of the fund I collected. Nor have I digested it' either; it still remaiiit in its cnioTlorm as IgayiejdlL. Ol2!gILIlgLiJir4g feet terror to a bashful girl of fifteen, but I here aaiuleaiicr tlii-rea little. It is pleasant aud granfyingto re visit the scenes of cue's made up my mind, and though I trembled like childhood, or to go,, over historic ground, and a frightened bird," patsed;' much to my dis ; to call upon famous or celebrated people; in appointment the school house was gone, and a. any and allof these there is a charm that is small brick one had been built on tmi other "more easily understood than expressed. But side of the country road. They offered to show it to nie;T cared net for it, it was not the picture when one associates constantly the ideal and T lonlrail T wnrttixl h rrrirlt with.' anrt. the real, and sees more than the actual surroundings, it is almost like revelation. I thiuk( sceusiou, as it were, upon the rather self confiI know what it is to be practical, but if there dent y6ung teacher vher essayed to tell me how is'no pottry in the running brook, and no idea diflieuit she found it to. "con form to the habits of the quiet country life among the hills, and conveyed to the mind, except its utility, how very commonplace it would beAriit. when, a no wonder I thought it absurd,, when it seemed 2 to me such a restful place, where there was no child I' was told again and agaiu that the brook that I loved so much to listen to, that seemed whirl or bustle, or excitement, and one might wander "fancy free" over the hills and through which I ocU me alear c)mpauiour aud-wi- th the meadows, lay in and day out, aside from JPjMallCy casionally,' coiivrsed, wajTiot 100I TiTTursTSuTl no questions "asked, nolU ffir sell paiute J it," and compared, to the large rivers it was of little value, it served; no particular cult problems to solve, no newspapers even to and you purpose, except to beautify the "landscape, and read except the prosy cou ntry journal, the boys now .and then caught a few speckled know beforehand all the jokes," aud the only. trout in its waters, that the dandelions and iriteresiiu it would be the regulation poem, by some old maid, who wrote for mere pastime.. long grasses and cowslips were very homely. If tne school house was gone, the old low Still, notwithstanding all the depreciation of brown farm house: where I boarded that summy play matei,,somehow or other I loved this little winding, rippling brook, and it was to me mer, was still standing, and when we drove up the slanting road, I i'aifcied I could see the an ideal picture in my mind, with all the set tings and colorings of an idealistic vision. It kindly, .pleasant races ot the farmer and ins good wife, and the sanded floor, and the green: wound through and out of a hemlock grove, bushes in the fireplace, and the snow-whitone of the most romantic spots that I have ever seen. Here in mygirlbood I rambled up linen, and all the plain household furniture, as it was so many years ago. I insisted upon and down hour after hour, reveling in dream " "land and drinking in the external beauty aud stopping, and found all were strangers, but and willing to show me over . th e quietude of this, to me, perfect bower of grace very gen ial, old place. an d beauty. ;.:i';.L.jJ:2Li.;ljji The farmer and his wife were dead, and all h i ng c ve 7 Not ng ba ck- - to me. th e. peeu liar. those I had been associated" with theie weru aroma of the hemlock. I remember it distinct I went into the room where I used to from all other perfumes; more intensely fragrant gone. sleep, remembering so well all its former ap-- . i ha u flowers, and more its of capable diffusing pearance, the white dimity curtains, tied with odor. The sighing of the pines; poetical as it blue ribbon, and the scent of the lilacs aud may seem, and is, for I, too, realize and roses coming thro' the open window, and the weird refrain' theysingr- dear old southernwood, and here I had enjoyed but the hemlock woods, in point of, beauty and the quiet after school hours; and in the early exclusive fascination, are still mOre charming. morning, when on my way to the school room, ' I am proud to confess my partiality for New the troops of children, merry, laughing little England hem lock. I f I cou Id choose a rtting girls and boys, would meet me half-wdown and ones friends where loved my place, might the road with fresh flowers, and I was so happy, come and tenderly linger, remembering how I and life seemed so and joyous, aud no loved them, it would be such a place as I knew shadow fell across bright my pathway now after all in childhood; beneath the sweeping boughs of these I long years, soliloquized, where are all where the vines hemlock, tangled fragrant grow these laughing, merry little folks; .Grown to thick and luxuriant, and mosses and ferns, sober men and women, many dead and forgot soft as velvet tapestry, with here and there a ten in the places that once knew them. Each blossom peeping from under the snow-hithad gone his separate way and filled a place mas3 of dark evergreen, or a few scarlet berries peculiarly bis. own. Our ways are scattered, that' cluster together,jnaking"a. beautiful con-- , and our work diversified. We meet occasion- - ' trast to the dark green, and all the while the on the great highway wth those we knew brook sings on and on a ceaseless strain, and ally in childhood, but.even then our duties may lie ' the zephyjs whisper melodiously low and sweet, : far apart. or the evening breeze sighs and moans and I traveled thirty miles from Boston on the groans 'mid the overhanging boughs, or the train to find a dear school friend of my girl- night wind whistles shrill and sharp, then hood days. I had no idea how she would re softens to the mournful refrain of a hymn to ceive me (as she knew I was a Alormon), but the dear ones departed." I risked it for the old love of school days I had But I digress; I did not mean to speak of cherished. My heart beat fast as I went up the ' death, or graves, or burial places, but of the steps and rang the bell. I asked for Mrs. ; in a moment she came. places which have made such perfect pictures L I rose: she for me in memory's gallery. Wherever I went, gave me one searching look, and I said, "I Ol it mattered not who was with me, I was jn ljjive uuiuc iiulu i. w ocoyuu.. ' ouu f.n, uiai puti uut alone much in as as though both her hands, and each repeated the other's reality no human life' was near me, I found not one j name, and my dear friend said, "It is like one whose feelings were like mine. These were not risen from the deadl" Aunt Eir. : Although fate has denied me One glimpse of your face, Jha.ve ne'er found the one .That coul.J fill mother's place. In joy or in sorrow, , In sickness or health, A mother's dear love Is more precious than wealth. . . -- - , , ' I Although for the present We divided' .must be, :?z7z: My thoughts ever tenderly Dwelling on thee, Will cherish your kind words And acts A the past, And hopefully trust In a mee.:ing, at last. V, . ' ' " ' May God choicest blessings Forever rest on you, May health, peace and. happiness Never go from you; May sorrow and trouble K ep far from your home, And may you be prospered. Through all time to come, When 'the cold snows of winter Have melte J a idgone, And the trees and the plants Their green robes have put on, Then my hopes, like the flowers, Will spring up anew, T For I trust in the spring , I'll again meet with you. ; May L. Soda Springs, Oct. 21, 1886. lJI . . j , -- Marler. REMINISCENCES. e stood beside the rippling hrook, The soft wind whispered to me as of yore, And all the landscape wore the conscious look -xjt navmg k !iua me mmy years-befor-e. All things familiar seemed, and yet how strange, To think in me how passing great the change." self-Sam- Going over old places, that have once. been familiar, awakens in the mind many recollections that have slept, as it were, in forge! fulness. Seeing an old friend, one we had known in the past, but who had almost faded out of memory, what a train of kindred associations it calls up. We are all of U3, perhaps, more or less suscep-tibi- e to these impressions and remembrances, yet they differ, no doubt, in strength and force, and in degrees of intensity in eiifterent individuals. Thepresent age is one in which the .fashion, ona might say the rage, for the antique prevails; yet more in tangible forms than sentiment. The young people of modern society glory in old paintings; not always for1 the painting itself, but the simple .fact that it is old. Old china, old household furniture, even the spinning wheels, either for 'wool or flax, on which the ancient dames, their'ancestresses, did "a good day's work" of a given Dumber of skeins, forty rounds to a knot on the reel and sixteen knots :to the skein exact; these old wheels. are bronzed and decorated with rib-- ; bona. Immense pots and kettles, in which tbtir great grandmothers made soap, or eider apple-saucor pumpkiu butter, or perhaps the more delicious maple sugar, these, too, are now considered ornamental; once they were necessities in domestic labors. While visiting in the Eastern States, not long ago, I had a very good opportunity to see and to hear milch of this uronUbri'iheold." Tea parties, where the costumes were worn, trimmed with the oldest laces of e, ". oldest-fashione- d - . -- "I - e :: s-- 1 -- bri . : appro-ciat&4- and-thrilliu- he - g y e 1 soul-thoug- ht .- -i 