WOMAN'S EXPONENT. At - M - m. , ' "" rublUhcl the Saints. A plain slab may be placed over on the body, and a stone at thr head and feet; headstone to be given an account of mv name, age and birth, as shall suit' the feelings of my family. Should I die in Jackson County, Mo.Jet the above directions be carried out as far as practicable Respectfully, your brother, Salt Lalo City, Utah. Terms: copy six months, f 1.00. Ten scmi-monlbiyi- n oue copy one ye.ir, $2.00; 0110 ' conies for tho price of nine. riitw:' ten lines of nonpareil Bich Ad eUisin0' A liberal discount 3.00. snncu. one time. 52.50: icr month. o rermlftr advertisers. Exponent office, No. . E.,Soutik Tempi Street, second rate cast of Deserct' News OQicc. Business hiourj frora 10 a.m o 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. Address all .business communication! to John Taylor. rU'BLloIIKK WOMAN'S Salt Salt Lake. City, - EXPONENT, Lake City. Utah. August "Thou dost not weep,' to weep alone ; " The first speaker was Apostle Lorenzo Snow, who in his opening remarksrpuotedjirom -"... ., Epistle to Timolhy: the time I and For am now ready to be offered, I have fought a good o'l my departure is at hand. fighf,'l have finished my course, I have kept the PRESIDENT JOHN TAYLOR. days. HOLINESS TO THE LORD. . REST IN- PEACE". V - The Tabernacle was tastefully draped in black in honor of the illustrious dead, heavy black crape being used for theorg.in and stands. In front of the organ was an excellent of the late President, Choice and lovely flowers were arranged in vase3 and bouquets upon the stands, and on the Sacrament table in the centre was a large and elegant shield of flowers with the in. steel-engravi- ng scription CHAMPION OF LIBERTY in colors contrasting harmoniously with the whole. It was iodeed a beautiful peace of artistic flower weaving. A lanre sheaf ofwheatfally ripe was near with the appropriate word s, . WELL DONE, GOOD AND FAITHFUL SERVANT. The stand of the First Presidency was - I 1L Young: A POPULAR IGNIS-FATUU- S. Modem Christianity is exceedingly popular, and the reason is that it oromises evervbodv a rom- -- r -- V faith. plele salvation both in this life and thatwhich is it and and tender His remarks were to come, for absolutely no exertion rnor sacrifice comforting, tie had the that felt thaUfce was noticable on their part, only a mere profession of faith or keenly been broken; and that the bereavement was deep- - belief in Christ. No wonder it is popular." A ' natural propensity.in the human family for obtain- ly feir by "the brethren who7iad been so closely associated with the one now departed. nig me gvcaicai auiuuui iui uic icasi pussiuic outhis in address Franklin DrRichirds Apostle lay, is a notable fact; and how remarkably well of life the labors and reviewed some portions of docs so easy a way of securing the greatest boon sin and Pres7aJor expressing grearinterest which poor, fallen humanity is 'offered, chime in his ia to terms alluded and cere affection, glowing with this common .tendency ! and were, it true, so an a as a author and talents and speaker, gifts general would it be in its application, that the very his and the exhorted and especially young, leader, devils would be saved even against their will, for sons and daughters, to imitate his noble and' wise do they not believe that Jesus is the Christ? Yet, examples and give heed to his instructions. however lovely, and grand, andbeautiful it may Apostle Heber J. Grant made biief but eloquent appear, it is contrary to the teachings of the Great the sons and daught remarks, and.also exrorted Author of salvation, and also to the whole tenor ers of Pres. Taylor to imitate his example and be of the New Testament writings. as courageous n advocating and defending the iiuc, ii is saia nidi wuusucver UCUCVCS un me cause of God as 'their father had been, that they Lord Jesus Christ shall be saved. But what conmight meet him aain an live wiih him eternally. stitutes belief or faith in Christ is the all importPresident D. H." Wells s.dd he agreed with the ant question. James unequivocally states that Psalmist, who. had said, I shall be satisfied when falth'without works is dead, and scorns the idea He referred to the light I arise in His likeness." of works being separate from faith. To those who and redemption brought into the world through consider works an obnoxious adjunct, we enquire, the Lord Jesus Christ,, far the benefit of the whole what does James mean by asking: "What doth human family; spoke of the illustrious character it nrnfitlf n man sav he hath faith and hav nn and example of Pres. Taylor and his unflinching " works He distinctly means and exhorted his his the to truth, family, integrity -o4nform-tnem that faith and works are insepar- - -do to Israel all and brethren, able, and in a sense interchangeable terms. Again President A. O. Smoot said he had be?n ac he says: "Show roe 'thy faith without thy .works, quainted with Pres. Taylor nearly forty nine and I will show thee my faith by my works," inyears, knew him first as a distinguished and suc dicating that he who had no works had no faith, cessful' missionary, then la the troubles of Misand consequen,tly.cbuld not be'rsavedIf:is by souri as an Apostle of Jesus Christ, afterwards as works that a man is justified, and not by faith a journalist and an editor, always faithful, always only; for as the body without the spirit is dead, so -unflinchingt-Tiever uaderany circumstances mur faith without works is dead;" and how much dead muring or complaining. Like the other brethren faith it takes to save anybody, James does not who preceded1 him he also said he had come to condescend to say. mourn with those who mourned, and yet, in real Strange it is, that people should have such ity, there was occasion to rejoice as we I as mourn. aversion to "working out their salvation with fear Patriarch Lorenzo D. Young followed with a and trembling;" and stranger still that they should few consoling words, evidently much affected. claim to be saved merely because Christ died on Patriarch Joseph Bates Noble made some ex Calvary. Did not the Savior explicitly say: "Excellent remarks, referring back to the early days cept ye repent, ye shall all likewise perish;" "ex and experiences in the Church. cept a man be born of water and of the spirit, he President Angus M. Cannon delivered the clos cannot enter the Kingdom of God;" and "he that ' ing address, ctescnuing graphically his view of endures to the end, the same shall be saved?" Of the reception, given to President Taylor, when what avail then is belief alone? Refuge is taken the portals of heaven opened and he met with his behind the unscriptural assertion that by Christ's who had gone before him, Joseph death man's eternal salvation was finished; and Jlyrum, Joseph, the Patriarch, and father .of the that if we even think of doing anything to secure Prophet, Don Carlos, Samuel, Heber, Brlghara, we .rob Jesus of His glory. Accordinz to it, Willard, David' Patten, Jedediah," George A. and the fallacy of this is transparent. James others. His love and affection for his uncle Was Why should the Paul, of have faith, need Apostle great in choice and expressive vividly portrayed to fear lesf he should'become a and he earnestly exhorted the Church fo castaway? Why should he need to work out his own salvation with faith, righteousness and good works. fear and trembling, if he believed it secured and The choir rendered the anthem, wrought out already? - What an amount of labor ; V "Jerusalem, my glorious home." and anxiety would have been spared him, had He Patriarch John Smith closed the solemn servilived in this "enlightened age," this age of pro ces with prayer. gressive theology!". No need of baptism, no need . - 1 save-him?- -t- -- unoc- cupied. In the next were seated Lorenzo Snow, Franklin D. Richards and Heber J. Grant, of. the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles, and Counselor D. II. Wells, Patriarch John Smith, and Prest. A. M. Cannon, of the Salt Lake Stake, also Patri archs Lorenzo D. Young and Joseph B. Nobl- -. On the third stand of the Seven Presidents of Seventies were Jacob Gates, Horace S. Eldredge Seymour B. Young and Abram H. Cannon. The members of Prest. Taylor's family occupied the seats immediately in front of the stand. Prest. Angus M. Cannon conducted the services, first reading the following le'.ter of Prest. Taylor's, giving instructions regarding the manner irTwhich his funeral should be conducted: Salt-Lak- e - . jt. rre siden - 1 The funeral of President Taylor was held in the Tabernacle in this city, on Friday July 29th, com mencing at 12 m. There was an immense congregation, and hundreds outside were unable to obtain seats, and many stood during the services. The casket containing the body was placed in front of the stand in an elevated position, so Jhat could be seen by the multitudes assembled on the The coffin was pf Utah pice solemn occasion. and highly polished. It was ornamented with silver trimmings and inscribed on the breastplate: Aged The footplate was engraved: A - 15, 1887. dwellesL' my Father, thou 'that The grave and surrounding ground was dedicated in prayer by Elder. Richard Ballantyne. This concluded the impressive ceremonies of the remarkable quiet and a feeling of awe day.-prevailed throughout all. the exercises, and the manifestations of love, respect and esteem from the assembled multitudes, told plainly how Zion mourned her honored chieftain and leader. Resurrection Day," the congregation, joining with the choir in singing, the solemn peal of the organ together with the subdued voices filled the large building wiih a sublime and subdued melody. Prayer was offered by Bishop Mijlen Atwood.: 7The choirsang, FUNERAL SERVICES. DIED JULY 25, 1SS7. 73 years, 8 months and 24 "P The first hymn sung, was the one entitled, "The pq-jar- 2-- The funeral cortege then formed and proceeded to the cemetary. The pall .bearers were twelve sons of the Presidents Six bands of music played alternately during the time the procession wended its way to the last resting place of the deceased. At the grave a selected choir sang that glorious hymn, The services, such as prevail at the ime among the Editor. EMM&LISE D. WELLS, - , Exponent U T- City, November 17th, 1873. Dear .Brother Being asked to give a written account of the way I wish to be buried, I v present the following; 1 have no desire for any particular formula; but I should wish my body to be washed clean; to be clothed in clean white linen garments and robes, with shoes, apron, cap. etc., to be laid in a coffin sufficiently large to contain my body without pressure. Should I die here, let me be buried in my own lot in the graveyard. Let the coffin be neat and comely, but plain and strong; made of cedar, or redwood, or of our own mountain pine; if of the latter, colored or stained, and tilaced in in nut r strong box, with a light cot.ton or woolen mattress or bed, and convenient pillow for the head. -- ' co-labor- . Ian-guag- ; : e, 