WOMAN'S. EXPONENT. 66 ancient wrd;women jdavedjm important ccjuc8,.shiiJ,-thafestal forced -- her- to sulWt to unequal and unjust f place,- and in Co fi el fa and? Volu injn and Hortensia not only in social life, but part active were nen wo in a been has there never period laws, yet that .had wubyinfluence on the destinies of their '' ' in biiHiuss pursuits also. which the natural equality of woman Das not and Augusta was for a while absolute eiu- -' day, fit ij her east ward, we find; ..conditGoi wng been prV ss Tn atftju t ttierla Tv()men mutm inferior, andlluit in Uri- of ion ' Tlie ruder nations, of Western superiority ut. times admitted. Europe honthe historic pe- of dawn the from b.tuls. ,.ml "rl -of. the :xI f we htfk iot traces ored women from the earliest times,;aud Tacitus riod, they were held "iu a condition but little istence of Jiuiiianfty to seignti fie .sources, we relates how the German Warriors declared ' above men slavery. and women bones of told the' that ate "r .. Semiramis, queen that "in all great questions we consult our have been exhumed from cave sepiHch res, where coarser virtues of a savage of Assyria, carried her nation to a pitch of women," In the they have reposed side by side since their the age women also excelled; on more than one oc' burial, '"thousands of years ago, when they were greatness it had never befocg attainedand casion the Roman historians record'.'the bravery tremendous achievements of her .reign are nut , the mamthe contemporaries of the of barbarianjierohies, and after the Cimbrian in thel proud inscription which she over-statemoth, and other quaternary, animals now ex' men were conquered, their wives fought with posed tor ;her own torn b: tinct; and that, in many cases, t hekeletohs 0 furious a valor that it won a grim tribute of ".Nature has given me the body, of awoman, in diflerenee little z was there very tat" drniralion even fromTheir enemies. i m M iye - and ioy action.-- , have made, me the equal of pi jdzeejuTeiJ A review of the condition of .women inJJhe,. the most Valiant of men. 1 have governed L times. alancient world ought not to close without some, across a vast geological period ITiEmpTre of Ninus, which extends over , It is leaping mention of the Amazons, those warrior, maiden most all Asia; before me, none of the Assyrians of tnis.eoiin.try; to speak of the : who, whether t hey formed a" nation by them have brought to their I the had seen sea; to is it as possible .only lipproximately. yet so iar distant that selvTjst.as was claimed by some writers, or were knowledge four great .guess at the age in which thev livvd and .only the braver spirits,, among a people that-licno one before this had reached their borders. -flourished, and as thev were, no doubt in a n o.w eTInHeu pfeFu a ey. bY. ilfeiFsex.Cer-tainlylia- d I have It urn eel thcolIr.es of rivers to water m ost. civil ized d we Hers On this areal existence. Alonumcnts to ' continent, we may' fairly speok of them as sterile lauds, which I have rendered fertile. P and pierced roads their prowess. existeT until a recent period, among the ancient peoples of the world. ;The have constructed f'ortres.ses, have driven and medalswhich arc yet preserved iu rnu seremains that have- been 'discovered in their through impracticable rocks;-i d their deeds. The. first ll ins bear test i mo,uy-- 1 torn bs a I mounds a so" sh ow" th .1 1 among t his : my - w a r- ch a r i o ts yv e r - a t h s - w h i e h t h Amazon of whom there is any mention was race of small beings the women were about the' beasts themselves" could not climb. And amid so many toils I have yet fouud time for my plea Ilippolyta, wltti appeared in the. rnythologic same size as the" men, and that rank" rather lage ami' ventured to d battle jvith thejnighty. than sex was regardedia the bestowing, of fu ner-a- l sures and my friends. honors. EvenuinonjkusejiiatiQnsj)f JheKaLwh(re iHerc'iFes himself. During the : siegeof"Tny, ... wilh If we turn to the Bible record and read its worn to were most oppressed, the virtues and Pentheseka, queen of the Amazons, came ' . her warriors to aid the Trojans. dramatic account of the creation of mankind, the intellect, which- have in no age been conAt a later period, and within the his.'soric-timefined to one 'sex, rendered some women illus we ."hall find that inthe beginning joint dothe trious. On the flowery plains of India, the Thalestris, ''queen of .the country minion was given to man and woman (Gen: 1. Amazons lying beyond the Thermodoon." had Tai mahal still records ihe graces of Nour-mahathat Eve was the last and crowning:' an interview with Alexander the Great, which, whose story belongs indeed to a later effort of the creative force. Adam is h:d no idea of superiority over her, for period.minutely described by Quintus Curtius It properly d mentioned here, hot is ofvvrieiital the condition" Divine command not to eat of in considering the possible, indeed, to dismiss the stories women, although Amazons as wholly fable, since Diodorus while in that land where feJnale' infants are the tree of knowledge was given to him alone, when Eve, "tempted-by-tnoble ambition .for distroyed as worthless, wliere girls' are .sold to Justinian, Plutarch, and Grotius, "as well the1 most hideous slavery, and ladies of the wisdom, took of the forbidden fruit and offered Curtius, give elaborate accounts of it to him, he uttered no word of objection or highest rank rare crippled tor life to insure their the customs and appearau.ee of these warrior women; and if their testimony on this subject remonstrance, but humbly followed where she helplessness even in China women have ocis been led: casionally rijected, a large part of accepted history distinguished by their great The presence of Deborah alone gave learning, and to the Empress Sisling-chi- , must go with it. we Lillie Deverkaux Blake in Dress.' victory to" the "army of the living God," and are indebted for the invention of rdlkeu fabrics, after dispersing the enemies of her people, she with all the great industries that have sprung ': . judged Israel for forty years, during which ''the from her discovery. J and Dr. Fanny Dickinson, of Chicago, is a del- ehad peace. Miriam sang the song - of Ketunung-westwardwe find thaMhe Greeks , side i leu l e.(L allied u cationtu-th- ei rle iti mate w ves , -- gate ta the Interstate ided ica I Congress, which by side with Moses, auiLlluldah, triumph met in W ashington last week, bhe is the first tne prophetess, was venerated by kings. The and, 'as a result, w omen who were7 not wanton severities of the Jewish law by which women were willing to join the helirce, that they might "of her eex ever admitted to such a gathering. excluded from the priesthood, and even gratify a thirst for knowledge, and Aspasia were The world moves, and .deserying women move from active participation in the services, and V wa the intellectual equal of Pericles and, of with h.Philadcldhia Call. . condemned to a subordinate position, have no ISocrates. the writer of the Plato, greatest Mrs..; Lucas,, of,. London, Miss Willard, of warrant in "the Bible story. The description ancient world, with a vision that looked beChicago, and Mrs. Hannah Whit-alof a perfect woman given in Proverbs Smith, of (xxxi. yond the narrow field of present limitations issued have a circular in which: 1 3 1) Philadelphia, portray s her hsl not o uly excel in g in and . prejudices, pictured in his J.'Divine all the duties of the wife, the- mother, and the they ask Christian women everywhere to oba society, iu which the absolute equality November 12 and 13 as days of prayer-foserve housekeeper, but also as buying and selling of the sexes should be acknowledged, and in a divine blessing upon every form of temland, dealing with merchants, and discharging which women, the sharers with their brothers the public responsibilities of a citizen. in physical and mental development, should perance work in the world. Turning now to the pages of profane history, be their companions in all' advantages, and Frederick Douglass has returned from an in the hoary land where the human story'bad their counselors and associates in public matextended European tour. He said to a reits beginning in ancient Egypt, women and ters. porter, "I have been abroad on a pleasure men snared equally the pleasures and the laAmong the Romans women were at first trip. I visited England, Ireland, Scotland, bors of life. In Egyptian mythology Lis and held iu an entirelyubordinattt position, not alFr ance, Italy, Greece aiid Egypt, and was roost Osiris,sister and brother, wife and husband, lowed to hold property, to have control any I visited the kindly received everywhere. rodetogether in the chariots of the Sun, the over their children, and restricted iu dregs' and French and was Senate, most cordially treated, woman always named before the man, as jf in adornments. a nowhere, by single word, a single look, was, honor the higher, "The crown descended But as the years went on, there was a condisapproval expressed of my color or the kinks often in the female line, and the achievements stant struggle on the part of the sex opposite of Hatasu, the great queen who brought to to attain iujmyjhair." This was his third visit to EngJPh greater laws werr land: He went' there forty-onliberty. ago as a perfection the system of irrigation, are regradually modified ViutiPfrom a condition of slave. He left the United States years for iu called monuments as magnificent as those slavery to their safety, as whicli f llowed "the brands there then was a which commemorate the deeds of Barneses II. rape of very vigorous effort to enforce the women of the EmthejSaferucs," the Slave At a later period, under the Ptolemies, even pire had elueved so much Fugitive Law, and he feared capture. that independence In England money was procured to set him, where the husband was of it he blood royal, the the ; Maine, says: Histoqau wife was often the acknowledged sovereign; as '"The jurisconsults had evidently at this time free. "It was here," said Mr. Douglass, "that forty-onin the case of the famous Cleopatra, whose years ago I received the bill of sale assumed theequality of thesexes as a of brother and spouse had no power except of obof my own body. My owner agreed to let me; the code of equity. The situation principle of a Roman edience to her will. , go for $750. The money was given by woman, whether married or became one The sculptures which record .the social cussingle, Ellen and Ann Richardson, living at ot great. personal and immerfv toms of the Egyptians depict women and men ence." IthIp.uL 1 Newcastle J Thev are still living One lA" . at the council e fis together and the other over eighty years seventy-ninboard, in the market the history of that ' mighty empire of the old. Ex. t - - - . ' ' n- ' ; ;'. - . - cave-bear- d tiw-s'e- in-dica- the-wi- in-r-th- xe l " f-c- ose . i . . mound-builder- s re-:- . 1 rnMte-agcyflIe,- -. . -- 1 - " ' I "n 1 e-v- - ' . - s, 2(5-2- l, 8) It-m- ay of'-th- - - . s he - - - - - . - 0-- 1 Ke-publi- c" , r , :. , - " , e . e . , two-filters- on-Tyu- e. M . e 