WOMAN'S EXPONENT 140 Woman's Exponent. jRMMRLIMi n. WHLLS," inhl ishp.it v. i n Salt. Lake City. Utah Tcrms- " fiiw 'w'.nv six !nnths.""S1.00.-- Tell si.mi-inonL- v,i rtrirf V;n- - p ; Editor. - .If all sensible women perfectly understand, such were indeed the case, they would give women the right to protect themselves in their owntates and jn the Districtof Columbia the saTfie as the "Mormon" Legislature did in Utah, and not leave them "unprotected," vvitlv druri.kri husbands to btrthern and squander their hard earned-meanand woman would be consldered'in the election of officers, because her vote wouldcount as much as.the best niati's in the country. his freedom, or the ponderous iron gates had never shut him in, from Imprisonhis family, his brethren and his people ment cannot crush men's souls, nbr hinder their communication with God and the Holy. Spirit, if u Id n - n 1 1 hey : ar e 7 s u ffe ring for- prl ncipje,. a d o e wo think that in the example of Apostle Lorenzo Snow and others, who" 'have, been sent to prison for conscience' sake, this fact would be sufficiently illustrated formal the world to comprehend it Yet Bro. Snow, under the test oath in the Ed munds-Tuckbill cannot be accorded the privil 1n of -- nfse :: nn American- citizen any - - mo - re , an, -- as though he were actually guilty of a heinous cnme and his lineage,, his descent from the Revolutionary fathers. avails him nothing.- The liberty they fought and bled for, that their children might enjoy ''the freedom, to worship God according to the dictateFbjf their consciences" has been denied, and to their, direct descendants,:and there is. no alternative, under the present regime but to submit to this .'violation' of that sacred principle, as Bro. Snow has, in such a manner as to dignify and ennoble the cause he represents, and bring" the greater shame and disgrace upon those who so ruthlessly tnlie with the finest feelings of the human -- heartland scatte- r- misery- - and - sorrow :'" broadcast over this fair land. wall's had never envirooed " conies for the price of nine. A'lvertiHife rates: IvU-iunre. ten tine tf noniiarcil nor'.month. 83.00. A lfbefril discount .now nnMlmi ' "to regular advertisers.'-office' No.'7sr e7. South' 'Temple Street, Fecpnd Exponent 10 fi.m 'gatc'e'&t o(..Pescfet News Office. Husi ncsji hours froip S ': to 5 p.rn; every day, except Sundny. , "r? Avlroca nil Lusinois 'i'omnHurieaUulU to . ; PUBLISHER Wtftf AiTS EXPOSE XT, Halt "Lake City. Utah. -- 1 er -- -- -- ' v- - Salt Lake City, Fkcruuaky 15, 18S7. Washington," D. C, 3:30 p.m.February 7th, reversed. the The Supreme Court 1887. decision of the Utah court in the Snow case. The syllabus set forth that where a district cour in the O Hill Ul 'HHtllJ ,.i ElIHUiy UI U(Ull ICIUCO of personal freedom, corpus involving; a questiorv its order and from this court an appeal lies to J udgment of refusal! The offense of cohabiting with more than one woman, created by the act of March 22nd, 1882. is acontinuous offense and not one consisting of an isolated act. After giving Vio Via fVip ''fin . . cave' V. . j rcp , - - mi'rt bilk' ti?crtnJ 'n ' - ' on.' peal to this court it is held first, there was but. one entire offense for the continuous time ; second, the" trial court Had no jurisdiction' to inflict a punishment in respect of more than one of the convictions; third, as want of jurisdiction' appeared on the face of the proceedings, the defendant could be released from imprisonment on habeas corpus) fourth, the order and judgment of the court below must be reversed and. the case re manded to that court with direction to grant the writ of habeas corpus prayed tor.'' to-da- Al 1 I I 1 - w V y .7 J J . - -- m The decisioa of the Supreme Court of the United States in the case of Lorenzo Snow was something of a victory, gained, and a cause for gratitude to God among this people, who have borne so much injustice from the misinterpretation of the' Edmonds law. Those who have suffered unjust imprisonment, and submitted to it "willingly, because they were obliged to," being sentenced by a judge who seemed jojhink himself an autocrat, ought certainly to have redress for sucha grievance, but whether this can or cannot be done is very uncertain. However, "'It is better to suffer wron than to do wrong," and one need not envy that judge his conscience who has sent men to prison in two or three or more counts, and made them1 pay unlawful fines, it must sting painfully, one would think, when he remembers the wives and little children that have had to suffer privation and wrongs for his cruelty, even if he does not consider the father-- and his separation from those "he loves, as well as his' humiliating position behind the bolts andbars. O when will men discern the beam in their own eyes, instead of hunting and probing- for" the mote in their " .P " . ' ; v-- . - may-kno- "M-ormon- " "EDITORIAL NOTES. ' On Monday, January 31st, a party, of ladies y, Izvtr,,, -- i w:-- . - 1 - -- ol - o 1 " his-res- y e t-- funeral of his daughter. Mr. Tucker, notwith-standinhis present attitude on the ''Mormon'' is a man Tjossessing an abundance of question, affection for his family. This death will be a severe blow to him, but it is not at all likely that it will make him any more tender or sympathetic towards "Mormon'' wives or daughters. , Wesincerely wish it might soften. his feelings and cause him to- - change ve' to crush out: the system of plural marriage, of which he knows so. little, yet entertains such bitter4- prejudices. When the new bill, now under consideration becomes a law, if it ever should (which we most sincerely trust never may happen) then it will be given in full in the Exponent. By and bve with- out studvini- for if 4'IUI HJUU UKZUUlf. will become pretty well versed in The taking away of the suffrage from women after they have voted for seventeen years, is an inexcusable wrongV and more especially so in men, who profess to be the friends of women, and to protect their rights and "guard their best interests in the family and the home," and all that kind of sentimentalism, that means nothing at all, but is a lot of political rubbish and bombast, that anti-polygam- n-p- g : brother's? The segregation business is at an end, though of-th- y A singular cpincidencelthat has transpired with the authors of these two outrageous'bills is that during.the discussion of flie first Edmunds bill, Mr. Edmunds buried a daughter, and that recently, while Mr. Tucker was at work upon the Edmunds-Tucke- r Bill, he has been compelled to leave his post to go down to Mississippi and attend the' , " . anti-Morm- e--- - r Bill is at this date, Feb. The Edmands-Tucke- r Hammond of Georgia, ap15, still pending. pointed to act for Tucker of Virginia, in his abthe Conference report on sence, submitted bill in the House, and it was this ordered printed and laid over until Thursday. There are some very material changes, which have been made by the Conferees, thai will disap- '' i poin t t h e " Li be r al s h e re n U fa h , as well as some of elsewhere f in fact the Committee-hav- e, them at least, shown a liitleCQjisideration, and have made some changeslhat will lie in our favor, or. that will not make the Governor of Utah an absolute monarch in the exercise of political power. The. ..bill is bad enough as it is, and it fs residen wi IT 4Ule voutlytoibew ished'M ha exercise the privilege of his position, and refuse his. signature and the great seal of the United States to such an infamous bill, even if the Senate and the. f louse should both approve the billas ""' amended. . . to-da- who made a forcible through their mem. orial against the suffrage being taken away from the legal women voters of this Territory, deserve liic itaiiiuuc anu tumaiuauauuii ui an inc 5UU- , - r. t-t- h COMMENTS. fines' ns" in 'th the officers " ' case of Royal B. Young! Where the justice of the thing stands is not apparent, except to those who are after the dollars and cents' of .the Mormons, ''whom they affect to despise." , -- Bro. Lorenzo Snow does not appear to cherish ill towards those who have unjustly acany. feeling cused and falsely imprisoned him, and stands up in defense "principles of freedom and liberty as nobly and as grandly as though the prison - The brave suffrage-womenprotest to President-Clevelan- d -- porters of the cause ofwoman's rights throughout this broad land. They have shown more interest for our rights than an y ma n o r se t of me n. W e have not- yet learned who all the- ladies were, but we do know that the names we have seen pub- lishedare a sufficient guarantee of the strength of the Committee. The Chairman of the Committee wasMrs. Lilli6 Devereux Blake eLNew Tork, a woman whose keen sarcasm' and clear cut, witti cisms are proverbial with all who know her. She has spoken up in favor of the women of Utah before, and in her amusing little "Book of Fables" she has two or three specially significant of the dealings of the United" Mates Government with the Mormons. In the Resolutions adopted by the N. W. S. A. the recent Convention is the following: bill passed by Whereas The both. Houses of Congress provide for the disfran-- c h i s erne n t of the no ly gam ous women 0 f U t a ht ' and, .., 7Vhcreas, The w omen thus sought to be disfranchised have been for years in the peaceable exer-cisof the ballot, and no charge is made against c. c : . .u - . iciisuu ki,iil.AiM 'iL.!. siivuiuIIICIII Ui Ahrj. 1,1 line ui r.wintu uicy ' lose their vested rights, therefore Resolved, That the association recognizes in these measures a disrearu ot individual nnts, which is dangerous to the liberties of all, and while rejoicing in the majority vote by which the women of Washington Territory were protected, we would urge upon" Congress that the rights of the women of Utah should be equally sacred; since to establish the precedent .that the ballot may be taken away, is to threaten the permanency of our ' " republican forrrf of government. The President may disregard the advice given to him by these strong minded women we use most this...."termTin 'its bestahd "significant" sense ..... but he' will not be likely to forget their earnest and emphatic effort in behalf of women, even though they be far away. All lhese things make a decided impression, and will have their weight, even though the object sought is not obtained. We hope to receive full particulars of the memorial, with the names of the Committee who presented ' it, before publishing again. It is only just and right to recognize and record the event, that all w there aro some women not interested afraid or ashamed to speak in defense of the women. ' , rights even of . "APOSTLE LORENZO SNOW AT LIBERTY. s, ; Maria Y. Dougall,"to celebrate the birthday annj;. were versary of' Mrs. Zina D. H. Young. There, present on the occasion some of the veteran women of the Church, among the number, Sister Eliza R. Snow Smith, Catherine Horrocks, Sarah M. Kimball, Mv' Isabella Home, "Susan S. in years, Young, and others not so far advanced or thirty guests. nnmbering, about twenty-fiv- e ele- Delicious chocolate and refreshments were -- 