47 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Agency and can acceptor reject our salvation. day Saints here, and wo are surrounded with those that ara not .of onr faith, but tley are peaceable people, causing us no trouble-wh-at ever.5 Ye hold our meetings every two weeks, and they arc very well attended, considering the scattered condition of the sisters. We are. few in number, "but we enjoy' a Dofh manifest to man,. Drood o'er us whil we study here glorious Gaspel pUn. Thee do we ever wbh to scrv9r . And glorify Thy nam"; Thy testimony we cfrrir, Tliy presence to regain. ; thank the Lord daily that I am conuected tfith the Belief Society..,. The teacher) have an important mission; they should have prayer berore starting on their rounds of visiting they should counsel the sisters to attend their meet ings and advise them to read the Ohuch works, must not juuge oiners or taut noour "etc."-- We well our thouirhts mtiflt"ffuard a id sisters are. united and are veryjiberal m, the;r tUcm' wfl ' U O I iJ donations. Our Society" has nrocrressed verv actions, and if we are faithful the Lord will rvuir out his blessincs upon ur, advised the favorably so far. There are no poor among us, with whom for which we feel grateful to our Heavenly they as vounf sisters to be careful men that Father; that He sees fit to bless us all with sociated, and not countenance young to to and to take care of ourselves. Hoping wc bad means habits, were addicted try put r "doinnrnHirTOTyay-ctcTnay ever retain the Spirit of tho Lord to truid 2 U3 in all our good endeavors, and ever praying After singing conference adjourned till " forthe welfare of Zion, we remain your sisters f". 1p.m.. T1 z at witti Conference opened p.m. singing in the Gospel cf Christ." ADAJtr-BEiM,.". and nraver. Presidents Smoot and.Cluu were Prest.. " q ; 1 - b'f oodly-portioirafahc- V . VJ Sister Home spoke again for a short time; with our brethren. We said we are lnecu thft Hnirit of God to fruide us in what w . of do, we cannot comprehend to whom God's work; spoke of rendering honor honoris due, and each one working in her own place and sphere. We shall be judged by : Altiila . " The-srrai- ri nasi a nm-n- burning. Mothers set good examples before your children; teach them to be obedient; keep '"!. them at.1nome nignis etc. Sister Zina D. H. Young desired the faitn and prayers of the sisters, the teachings that we have had are food for the soul. Sister Home has remarked on the time tha; we should be classified; we cannot be prorais- cuous in our associations. Spoke --of the evil ' of and said the Lord wasjiot that account; it takes constant care to raise our children aright; cultivate faith in'them, when we have enough faith the Lord will come; spoke of the evil of letting our children go to outside schools, make home happy; never indulge in a spirit, Sabbath-breakim- ?. well pleased with us on . fault-findin- g and never forget your prayers; spoke also in the interest of the Silk Association. and advised the , , sisters to persevere in raising cocoons, etc. Prest: Smoot spoke a short time; felt that we T -- our being in bon lage to Babylon, in having to get almost everything that we have from that source Said, "I hate bondage when it can be avoided. We can stand persecu tion for the Gospel's sake, but not for vanity or pride. Let the adornment of vour bodies he the workof your ow,n hands, etc. Prest Cluff followed with a few remarks, calculated "to encourage the sisters in good wofks. oisier uonn ieu inai we naa Deen ampiy paid in coming to meeting. Said, "After sing-inf- f we will adiourri for three months." Choir and nanow paih. ght Our Father I here we dedicate Our future life to Thee; Do Thou accept and teach us how ' AH wickedness to flee , . To come to Thee in confidence Each w.cakness to confess, Troving how ready to forgive, How near Thou art to bless. Hehp us, dear Lord,7 to:wia"Thy'snjilc, ; . . Thy glory Jet us s:e; And wlien on earth, our work ii done, Oh, guide us home to Thee. Lewis, Sec. ; . ANNUAL MEETING. de a i nrl rtn I ha I JWil haa will and of ourpride, our selfishness and said if we did not repent we should bo punished. The Lord suffers us to be perse cu ted that we may be brought to remember Him. Weraus,t keep our lamps trimmed and - mm we together may Unitedly and firmly stand, - fearless the trying day; ; '. And strengthen u that we may know Our feet are in the path, That road which lcdeth back to Ihce- - ra the-magnitu- Bless Tlut - ' L'ft - iThc -- Minutes of tho Annual Meeting of the Y. e L. M. I. A. Seventh Ward held May 13th, 1887, President Sarah Eddiugton presid-- . i n g. i Mee t in g . open ed . by sing ing Prayer" by M CELEB RATIOX ; Wm. Thome. Bishop Singing. "Roll called, and minutes of previous meeting read and apThe Primary Association of Woodru ff, Ari proved, after which the report of Jhe Y. L. zona, met in the school house at U o clock, on meeting for the year ending' May 13th, 1887, was read by the Secretary. It was followed presided over by President bratirg. May-day- , exercises: the. Owen3. The children aug "Joseph by . Sally Ann programme An interesting correspondence, between Kate Smith's First Prayer.",! Prayer was offered by Thomas and Alice McLachin was read. The Bishop J. C. Owens. Next was a seng by tho subjects touched, upon- in it were, revelation, Maids of Honor, riz: Eliza Tenny, Bessie baptism for the dead, and the character and Deans, Nettie Webb, Sarah Ten nie, Aretha attributes of God. The 6th number of Vol. Bates, Maud Owens, Pearl Cross, Cora Cross, 4 of the Young Ladies' Journal, was read by Carrie Webb aud Nelly Webb, Irene Bates, " ' Alice Dinwoody. The paper was full of ia Owens. Zina The crooning e structions, that would tend to elevate cur Queen, Ruth Gardner,, in was performed while the song was being sung, morals, if put practice. The congregation then joined in singing the hymn, "Tho Spirit which was excellently rendered. Next was 'a of God like a fire is burning." .speech by the Queen, as follows: There v'ere on the staud Prest. Angus M. Dear friends and all relations.we've assembled here Cannon, Bishop Win. Thorne, Coun. Thomas To give to all a celebration, on this the 7th of May.' H. Woodbury and R. K. Thomas; Sisters Tay It seems that you have chosen to elect me as your queen, 4 lor, Dougall, Shipp,Lambert, Home and others. May I set an example worthy to be seen; Remarks were made by I rest. Cannon, E. S. i hope I may be able, with joy to fill my place, laylor, Maria 1 . UougalJ Maggie Shipp and That it may be an honor to me. and not as a riirarc And may I live more worthily, to reach a higher mood ILL Home. They en treated the Toun Jadi os J In the estimation of my friends, and also of my God. to be virtuous and pure, to keep their characters . 1 free from any stain, and urged them to prepare ..r Uur men cnnaren "in sang, rrimary .Lovely themselves for the coming of the Savior, by keeping Hir commandments-an- d' magnifvin'o' Charles Lillywhite. Bella Gardner then gave our calling uponthe earth also made other a recitation entitled, "The Old Hat." Next " remarks. couraging wa3 questions and answers on tho life of Josenh A vote of thanks was tendered our visitors Smith, by a small clas3 of boys, conducted bv for their presence and the good instructions -Mary E. LillywhiteTT Recitation by a small imparted by them. class oi gins, conducted by byl via Oivens, enThe cougregatidn 'then sang, "Now let us titled, "The Floral Alphabet." Sqng by Mary rejoice in the day of salvation.' Benediction Omm and company, entitled, "To The Work." by Thomas H. Woodbury. A dialogue was given by two small boy3, Guy After the meeting was over, the company, Gardner and Wilford Webb. Bella Gardner consisting of the members of tho Relief Society, "and Joseph Deans then sang a comic song enthe members cfthe Young Ladies' Association titled, "The Bummers;" a song - bv the Maids r otitis-.andthe yisitgrsbeibremsntionedretlrcd-to-th- e r "rT. , f i ix cr ijf xicans ve it ui basement, where an excellent supper was Leave Our Play;" the Lord's prayer, recited prepared for them tQ make the evening more by Elizi" Owens and company; dialogue by ; enjoyable. Frank and Milo Webb, entitled "The Toung Alice McLacolan, Sec. tlritic" Bishoy J. C. 0vens then made a few some goorl instructions to tho ' -LlThe Jollowiug-- , by ono of the remarks, giving rw w vu UiJU iilUUQ members of the Association for the Young few a remarks. The President crave somp. : X Ladies' Journal: : advice. Siiigin "Lord, Dismiss Us."" BenedicA . TKAYEK, tion by Clark Owens. Our Father who in heaven dolh reign ail men went nome to retresh themselves. The In glory high above, queen and her maids being invited, went to the house of tho Preii lent t) dins. At 2 Look down upon us here o'clock all met agaiu at the school house, and And fill us with Thy love. the little ones danced about two hours, durifoThou knowest all our weakness, Lo.d, which time refreshments were serrprl Tk Thou searchest every heart; t i t "n:i, Oh bless and purify each soul, wiiu tiim iuzlu sicn aoout a vear huc, jjiuuja . t t i V - The Holy Ghost impart. was procni;-a-i. ii seemed to see her, and giaa well they might. Songs recitations, etc., were That spirit which the things of Gol - ; of-tn- AY-DA- Y. - ' of-th- -- to-da- . , V T-- k 1 1 - . flow," etc 0. Smoot." Daniels, Sec. Benediction by Prest A. C. y, ir:t. 1 ALBION, CA8SIA CO. Kditor Exponent: . I have intended for some time to send you a report of our Relief Society r We were organ-- ' ized in September, 1884, by Bishop Horton D. Haight and Wm. 0. Martindale, of Oakley. Our Society is known as the Albion Branch, of the Cassia Ward, Box Elder Stake of Zion, with the following named officers: Ada I. jJrini, President, Mary Lewis, and Rosabel A. Brim, Counselors, Fannie L Harper and Mary Jones, Teachers, Althea Lewis, Secretary, Louie Brim .Assistant Secretary, and Fannie L. Harper, Treasurer. There are only a few Latter- - - was-compose- d " : to-nig- - -- . 