EXPONENT. WOMAN'S 106 the book the She had not gone far before with .her, poor friends,;reading entreaties. sister's Alice never dinner. the she carefully prepared bad left therujand talking the subject sick the stranger to child, though lelentejl heart was her for the "'remembered seeing her so before, the week, had ended, she bad .no patience, and she over with them. ; At last mother the with when days-and ' recalliugjhe always repining and all three, fully convinced of the teachings to say a few kind, words and let back turned work to have didn't she better.and went awaited the stranger's thiny her boy see she bore him no ill feeling. Her they had read, anxiously . ..... . so hard." They seemed - more pleased than , t"""'" great, as she re entered the reiuru. ever to fee her this morning, not so much for -- eu rprise was very handsome u .fun.G wrgau IIISl UUl. CUUlc. young man sitting antl Still neellU room, to see a tall, what slie had brought them, hut for the won thin to wonder, then doubt, and then, as in her holding; quite tenderly, Henry's poor derful news they had for hr. Alter. the con-' as though dreams, thekind; gentle face appeared before moment a stood tor sue and was hands, she from which loud and fused fear that some evil had greeting, she, this her, and she began-te- ) rivi "uoihi ng.iAncetnqiiirHl a hie to conipreht-nKofallon -- Mm. At leu2thhe came, but Jiow is H ninge; he does nat look as though he needed from Henry the meaning of it all. and how he look in his face changed; her fears were realized. The nigbt he kind that and frank, had i what and so be anything, came to upiight, sitting to procure a restim?fJ had'failed hp. - lf - thpm v loes nof speak deceit. She apologized for coiu a. leit fortune had had they been fastened really happened; when place, and "many doors bad ing back, and was about to leave again, them, or what? re quested that she Against him; all that long, cold niht he walked, "No, dear Misa Alice," replied the hoy, "not the young sti anger gently, and the exW)Sure had given him such'acold to her own wpnder, for a fortune left us, but something brought to u" reniiiiu a m6ment, and able to return before. under other circumstances such a request from that he ' Jiad not been which we believe to be far, greater and bater.' Perhaps it was just as well, heaid, for pity a stranger, iu her friend s house, would have And then he explained ht&v a young man Jiad bad opened another door lor him, and in another knocked at their door yesterday, and asked if seemed a mark of insolence, she seated herself mid he found honest hearts awaiting the pleasure. He, soon told hir home .he might come in and warm himself. "We and awaited his made him acquainted message he had to bring. that her .little friend-hawere much surprised to see a strong, handsome It is needless here to relate his great joy and with the occurrences of the morning, and he fellow, quite Well dieted, asking for shelter as when he learned the effect his Has greatly pained that he should have been, satisfaction though he were'poor' the means of bringing discoid or ill feeling teachings and books had had upon them, but 4fVrhaiH." Alice, "he was worse .than be he accepted his gooel fortune in a grave and noor: maybe he is wicked and robo the poor of where such love existed, and she need not i fi ofKnded about the flower, as it - was Henry's-g'ift- , re ver en t ra a n n er, an d . t h e . rs t : t h in g Ji e d d . whaf little savings they posesi." was to offer praise and thanksgiving to the and he only performed the part of errand "Oh, no!" said Htnry. "If only you could Lord for his success. With Alice he was very boy in purchasing it, as Henry was unable to hear him and see what he can 'do; tie says he is grave indeed, and pointed sout her great risk co cut LmuKdl; doubtless her other flowers, nutpoor, but has a beautilnl home and kind re atives anu, menus m a lar point n'.g to the ones she had felt for Henry, were purchased in a similar way, messengers wishes; she eTight7af7least7io let them httvethe that he has been sent "out io the world, like as she had 'herself; they could taking the orders to the florets. How gently same privilege many other t)f hisfriends, to proclaim glad and sweetly he spoke, and yet how. firmly; no . do no more thau refuse to believe, as many tidings, that he, brings news that the Gospel ot d 'ne. Alice knew this was right, Christ has been restored, and lo entreat the worider.thought Alice, that these poor people others had are elated; then they speak jpf restoring Henry's and she Jiked him all 'the more for hfs frank health, I lorg7)Tn(riskabnutrthat,7pei haps he ad v i ce; sheJh ad J'eaxeAj(iJelLher pa r en ts Jfeel turn from the world and gather to this beautiis a physician; I will inquire: ing that they would ridicule her new friend ful Jand where he lives the land of Zion, be "How is it that my young friend has 80 far and perhaps deny her the privilege of seeing calls it." him again, but now .she would tell them all. "He must be an impostor," said Alice, "oh, recovered, are you a doctoi?" It had caused her considerable pain to think "No," leplied the stranger, "not of medicine, don't have him here, he will ruin you both, I " but I try to carry wiih me enough faith to effect that $ he had deceived them in anything. That am suns" "You would not think like, that if you could some eures, and touch thesoulsof a tew honest night she waited long for an opportunity to but see bow humble and good be ; "bt sides " people." He then explained his mission, as we speak with them alone, but the evening wore have heard Henry tell before, only more ex away without an opportunity, and at last, alanswer d the boy, with a hot blush mounting most in tears, Alice retired to her chamber, his face, "do you not see that he has almost plicitly and described the power ot healiugby anomtn g with oil and prayer. "Hut 1 detain followed by her sitter,uho had uo.iced her made me well? aud.be tells lis that he thinks I can be healed; that he knows of many instaucts you," said, he at length, "and your Christmas anxiety, and into her ears Alice poured the whole story. will be passed from home; my friends here have where his friends have caused as great afflic T d me a Christmas dinner, after ''Tis not the religion, Alice, that exercises tiniis a mine to bp instantly cureiLAjid, then . kindly ; ( which l must renew my journey, loTI have an" pyou so, ner siiierrepiiea, 'your heart is why would he have a pleasant home and travel , r ittn n n n .i n n.i . . m im .l, rV ou foot iu a strange land, without means, even iu n;vr, uuu ,aic ttic appointment to morrow many miles from here, tuuiucu) .willing juu and must get an early start, or shall not be believe anything that man ttdls you; even if he as the Savior and His disciples did, if he were told you black was white. That's what your not good and" but here he stopped speaking, able to reach there." "And do you really travel all the time on philanthropy has led you into; I always thought for, raising his eyes; he saw an offended look on C'U were going too far, and told mamma as foot? and where will you stay his fair listener's lace, and thought, perhaps, '" he had spoken too hastily ami sharply, and it , "Wherever night overtakes me, and we walk much." J 1 Poor Alice, what could she say? She did not grieved bim to think he had wouudedoue who most of the time, as in that way we can bear a ve -- t esti was aTway8SQKTnnt9nim;ntr-AliceTreal I we meet, .believe. she. was in love, still she knew her:' ne.w nmny a nd gi v e a w ar ning bore resentment, and thought best, to turn the that is, all who .ill listen." friend held a certain influence over her which "A lid when wiil you return here again?" she could not define, and rebel as she might subject, lor the had little doubt still in her own mind but that her lriends had been taken in. 'Next wek. I hope, to against her sister's injustice, she knew she my lriends so to speak, and she brightly a.ked Henry,, find them and heie, prepared to receive further would have the same to meet from father and "Where did you obtain that beautiful flower instructions, perhaps baptism." mother. That night she offered up a piteous Do you know it whs Alice surprised herselt by the way she had you s .lit me yesterday? prayer, for she saw. that in her happy, comfortthe only ornament I wore last night, and that able homp. a pfnrm was riinir oiA cUa Ktliuwpd lingered, but now, feeling oh, far happier than I have it still iu my room looking she left bade them herself to be the fault, yet she also knew that her before, and wjien again ever. new acquaintance goodbye. something more had entered her life, something The boy blushed again, for he did not wish She did not reveal what had happened to her that, even for them, she could not resign. In to tell her that the very young man whom she parents, forsBe knew them to beso worldly, and the morning she sent a note, asking so had of she dieaded the ir sneers. Already they thought poorly to conduct her new friend to her home.aud thought purchased it for him to send, but bis mother, only too eager to tell her too philanthropic, and, as they, termed it, she would introduce him to her parents. They sanctimonious; and besides, she remembered her came, and he spoke with them, but, alas! with anything in his favor, quickly replied: 'Why, Miss Alice, our new friend, hearing own incredulity, and how offended she became what results. The mother wept and wailed, and with ...her poor friends for believing in this declared the fellow had tried Henry raving about you, as he always is, an-to lead her beautialtuost cr) iug because he hid no birthday gift stranger, and now she herself was as ful child astray, and he and hfs friends, as he just firmly for you, kindly offeied to get:; him something, convinced of his siucerity ' and truth as they called them, were breaking up peaceful homes and suggested-pure white? flower, which he had been; she scarcely dared allow herself to and scattering distress wherever, they went most beautifully sail, if you .were the being think of the impression he had made and the The father turned them out, and, in a very Henrv dtclared you to be, would be a fitting words he had said, but her soul was full of defierce manner, threatened to punish him severely present, and you wou Id; dou blless, have too light, and her lovely eyesn bespoke the brjglir if ever again he heard of him iuterfering with manydaney pivseuts to please you anyhow." thoughts that possessed her. his family. This was almost too much for A ice, and she lhat uiht she laid, among some other treasAlice ceased visiting with her poor friends, rose and coolly left them, for she waS hurt and ures, that beautiful white flower, and smilingly and tried to be reconciled to her home, but iu grieved to think she bad worn the flower from repeated (t) herself, 'A pure white flower vain, and when, at the end of a month, her a perfect strangerdoubtless some; vagabond woum oe a nut titling for such a one." little gilt could walk now), brought with fcuch perkct ease, despite her luuiher's and Alice spent most of the time the following week her a boy Henry (he she was overjoyed. It was very note, f? . . .u a .V.-V- tedJbepoU d v- - A w- d . . , i-- ff-re- T I . to-nigh- t" ... .. m f . --to- re-vis- as-freh- -- it -as Mrs.-Warne- r i a -- 