W ? A W) ! Y l. . U 1 & VoL. 15. WHAT. CAN SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH I DO? What can I do," says the aged sire', As he stands near the bounds of life, "What can I do other hearts to inspire, To help amid earth-car- e and strife? She And the little ones in the household band, So helpless, so loving and dear," They seem a gift from some .fairy 1.uhI, Sent unto mortals here. . ' You can show to the youth where th pitfalls lie, And snares for unwary feet, For we clearer see over days gone by, , When the web of lifejs complete. The mother dear, with silvered hair, '"' Whose journey is well nigh done, Dreams, while she sits in the old arm chair- ,VV ith face toward the setting sun, j- - '.. Of that other time, when life's sun arose, Pure and frtsh and bright; Thinks how the joys were oft mingled with woes, How tears oft quenched the light. " : She can strengthen the tender, "untried feet, When the morning, shadows fJI; '."."" She can teach the young hearts how to meet, The cares that must come to all. . No. 1?. bur--dens-- .- - - Dark is the home with do baby face, No pattering feet, no clinging hand; In every true heart their power we trace, As they lead to the Better Land. - Margaret Fuller was bom Muy:rd,T810, in Cambridge, Mass. Her father was a graduate- of I 1 ar va rd ,h i gh ycu ti va W b u trTer n7 Then, let no one think there U naught to do; Seek and ye shall find. proud and exacting; full of candor, independ-anc- e Her mother, beautiful and Cast in your lot with the good and true, 554 as a flower, but also as delicate and frail. The ... And unrlr to avc mnnlnnd -daughter, resembling more the father, still Hort'. .. possessed the mother's sweet disposition. And perhaps it was due as much to her MARGARET FULLER OSSOLL training as her nature, that she 'possessed so nany of lieTTaThTrVtl In the present day educational advancement childhood he conducted hereducation and took full charge of her outward life. It waa ho among women is so common, and their opportunities for learning are so general and excelwho decided what dresses sho should wear, and when that some bright stir like II. B. lent, what society she should cultivate; Her educaStowe, Julia Ward Howe, Miss Woolson, tion was carried onlbya ' forcing process;" at Adelaide Proctor, or Helen Hunt Jackson , . six shestudied Latin, and- - from that. .time on beams forth and illumines the paes of our was forced through all the harder and most literary life with her sparkling effulgence, difficult tasks of learning. AddVd to such cx- little wonder ia shown; we. read, we criti le mental training, an unconscious neglect behold and we admire; we another name added of heir health, her constitution was undermined to the immortal list, in much the same manner and ruined, a fact which she in later yearn felt as the calm astronomer beholds the appearance deeply, fbr she wrote, ''I cannot help mourning,;" in is the of a new planet. It there firmament, sometimes, that my bodily, life should have-bee- n so destroyed by "the ignorance of both shining with the other; it pleases, but' causes neither wonder nor surprise". Still, this hard student life my parents." few could not have been disagreeable to; her, for years Things are now changed; ouly a : since they were very different. The highest later, when she had the management of her . privilege accorded womankind was but a own time in her hands, we read of her as active and busy as when under her father's tutelage. meager education, with a few accomplishments, such as dancing, music, and a little French At the age of fifteen, after two years diligent added, for the benefit of the social circle, and Ftudy at a private school in Groton, she dethe prejudice against further advancement for voted herself more assiduously than ever. Her time was systematically employed; she rose women ran so high that few dared venture beyond the allotted line and cultivate with higher at five in summer, walked an hour, practiced learning, the rich and fertile intellect, and feed an hour cn the piano, breakfasted at seven, with knowledge, the hungry, starving soul. read "Sismondi's European Literature" in French till eight, then "Brown's Philosophy" Now, when annexed to the finest colleges in the world, are schools for women, when women till half past nine, went to school for Greek at own and conduct such colleges as Vassar, for twelve, and then practiced again tin uiuuer. the sole purpose of the higher education tf After the early dinner, she read two hours in Italian, and thfr remaining part of the day their sex, when they own and publish prominwhen she ent newspapers, and are gladly admitted as devoted to the family a Such in her diary. busy life contributors to the finest magazines of the age, retired to write when every little town can boast its "Ladies' ia indeed wonderful in any one,. much more ., and sixteen, a Literary Club," do we stop to consider how so in a girl .at the age of fifteen amusement to time when most girla prefer much is due those few brave spuls, that pierced the veil of prejudice and paved the way which fctudy. It would be the highest pleasure to trace her led to this glorious result? Foremost among these daring women stands the subject of this life from this time on, and repeat the many consketch, a rare and wonderful woman Margaret bright, touching and interesting anecdotes Ker in them Fuller Ossoli. Often, as we observe some vain nected with her history, as we read biography, but here we have only space to note woman seeking fame, we think what a mistake pass her life is; how beautiful it might have been in the main i sues of her life, and must Camthe sphere of home; tl?ere she would have carelessly by her interesting girlhood at been a queen, while in seeking for public notice bridge, where she studied in the samd classes with Dr. Oliver Wendell Holmes and, Richard in the world, she is lost. This idea must be re Henry Dana, assisted her father in the enterversed with Margaret duller, for had the tainment of President John Quincy Adams, world to which she rightfully belonged seized of the clasa bpr from the narrow, binding norae, wnicn and reigned a queen in the society of 182'J, said to be the most eminent class that sacrificed her very life to its little exacting self, well as the it would possess, among its literary gems, the ever If tt Harvard, including, as two before mentoned, William Henry Chau-nlnpurest and loveliest of Pearls. James Freeman Clarke, and otitis of It 13, inueeu, tsuu to ueuuiu iiu anufeaiun, . 1 1 . self-concei- t. ' - . . . She can tell of charity, faith and love, And the strength that prayer can give; that peace from heaven above She can tell of Which helps the weary live. . The boy goes forth in Wmorning's beam, 'With hopes and ambition high; The future to him is a glorious dream, He. heeds not the dangers nigh. -- Two paths lie before him, the false and the irue; One is death, the t ther is life. Which will he take, what will he do In this wonderful conflict of life? ; i "4 ;. . Is the prayer of; her loving heart, For those whose dreams of life, are new, Those of her life a part. " ' -- Those les'sons in life are of priceless worth, If you've garnered the golden store; Now bring them forth in the iiome and hearth, W hile you're nearing eternity's shore. "What can I do, what can I do?" ' I j ever reaching, ever aspiring for refre.shinrr draughts irora the cup or Knowledge, and as constantly being 'drawn buck and biimd to the rack of sacrifice; yet, with 'all her longings for knowledge, and aspiratioiu-tmukva benein ficial use of her talents,' no way did she nethose homelier duties homo required, her glect but with a truly, noble .grace-borall her herwho bast decriba her knew Tlyse as "equal to doing everything at once," and it was known, that sh. could rock u cradle, read eat an apple and knit a stocking all at '" the Fame time. - can-d-o i ' FEBRUARY 1, 1887. ''z much, in joy or pain, To cheer, to comfort and blrss; ', Can make sunshine brighter, bring hope again To the heart in' its sore distress. 'My time is far spent, for good or for ill, One moment I cannot recall; , -limfe have My grown weary, though strong is the will. And slowly th night shadows fall." - . That she must have courage and strength to dare, To shrink not from danger near. ' ' ' V J What can he do, what will he do To bless or to darken the way? Tis a question for you, boys,, a question for you, Think well ere from honor you stray. You can bring joy and strength to the home, Which God unto you has given, Aye, strength and joy, wherever you roam You can help to make earth a heaven, Or you can bend its grey heads down So low that they, cannot rise; You can trample in dust life's brightest crown, That you might have raised to the skies. You can break the hearts, most loving and true, Plant wormwood where roses might bloom; A blight or a blessing will aye follow you In your pathway through life to the tomb. And girlhood's dream, too, is bright and rare, W'ith no shadow of cloud or storm; No thorn on the rose in her sunny hair, No cause for a fierce alarm. ; uutil-eleve- n, . ' 1 1 I'l g, But soon she will learn there's a part to bear each of God's children here, . 