WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 24 E.K. THOMAS in the "helpless. The best men and women should have churches willjielp. The bigots and that Missionary .Bible and trad funds get a corner by themselves, growing more more select and small as intelligence and with the ting Low, Secret Societies compared increases. x"'" " " Qiurch. G. F. Lewis. Exi'ONknt: Tl n F Tl fl T 1 T TT Tin Editor Corry, Penn., June 17, 1887. Very great changes in religion that .have The article published above is from one livTract The of Society: at a recent meeting , ing outside in the world who knows the deceit half the not that out came it York New In and- hypocrisy professed Christian be could SAT.T last away, given .tract? published year Churches, but the Gospel as preached by the than much were greater and that the expenses Latter-daSaints is widely diflerent from sec-- , the receipts. The Missionary Society has by tariauism, and cannot in any sense be classed their reports a falling off in cash of about j with it. As Latter-daSaints we should never iiutn ...... full ti'nno luThp. -Mis- U11C 11II1U Cllll-The f lose sight of the fact that our religion embraces eionaries who do not want to lo.se their jobs have all truth whether found upon Christian or.iipon to from tactics their money soliciting changed heathen ground. There have been great and convert the Jews, etc., to money for missions- good men outside the. churches in the world to the Mormons. '.Ope' or two women have and there have also been - good and liberal- made good hauls out of the bigots of the minded men in the churches,but the best society Western Reserve in Ohio,, but tm whole buei- that was ever organized could not and does not SVSrwl Afl 4 A nes3 of priestcraft fa getting stale all over the II n Jn!AAlln fist H a in the advance of are " country. . The people i-I C of Jesus Christ which is the power of J i Gospel do not need therefore in J--fintelligence, priests JL JLV JLZ9 l. XiLkJP sfllvntinn fur all that believe and find imtn them. Many priestly plans have oeen tried to " obey the same and practise its precepts. prop up their Tailing power,. EniToit. Sc CO.f A large conven tiun oil clergy inen, oLn early in l, Chicgo-lastfaland met all denominations, TINNERS, CAS, WATER & STEAM FITTERS NOTES AND NEWS. unanimously resolved to exclude from the church all members of secret societies. The Agent for RUHSEYScelebratad LIFTand F01t-.'lUniversi Ann eel at PUMPSj. question is, which is most useful, the church Arbor, Pumps Repaired on abort notice. Orders lrom Michigan ty. are or these societies: What the their its fiftieth anniversary in June. country promptly responded to. membership MTAldrMi. DAVID JAMS 3. Box 30S. SALT LAI 2 CITT.' fruits and relative cost and benefits? There Agitation 13 the marshalling of the conlately resided in Corry a physician who paid science of a nation to mould its laws.',t Sir to the Methodist church regularly a considera: ESTABLISHED OCTOBER, 1808. : . ble sum, aggregating thousands. A few years ttobert Peel. before his death he paid a less sum to a benevoI talk ballot wherever I go, and more and lent secret society. After his decease his widow more. It is the way for the ransomed to pass was called on to help pay a debt the church over Jordan out of the wilderness into the incurred while he was a member, and she promised land. The benovoleut society to which they had paid Mrs Jennie June Croly was tendered a recepfar less than to the church paid the widow o'ver tion by the New England Women's Press As$2,000. sociation, at the Parker House, Boston, SaturThere are many cases here and all over the day, June 18 It was a very pleasant affair. IMPORTERS AND JOBBERS OF country where these secret benevolent societies Mrs. Frank Leslie, now in Paris, will to go u auu mm uuiiiiuriuuit! uijuiaus pruviue.muuwo the City of Mexico in September to ' I In have no known case of any arrange support. for the publication there of a Spanish-America- n branch of the church, Catholic or Protestant, Dry ' newspaper. it. doing CHANGES IN RELIGION. re-ligi- on . -- r- pc-curr- - EAGLE ed .. of-th- - lake city. e y y . - Leading Retail i niorr-'astut- e J Cash "House. j ; j ; : ; j y. 1 1 VM V H f S &... j : . K ZD.TJD TAMES M :. n It i we SALT LAKE CITY, Utah. " s Goods, Notions, Groceries Sectarians say the enure! keeps up morality and religion.Howr.Thegreatest"and noblest men of our Grecly, Lincoln, SenaWendell tor Wade, Philips, Parker Pillsburg, Ac., were never connected, with or guided by any church; yet they ..had a morality and In Corry the ligion higher than ch u roll creed chief merchants, bankers and business men are not church members. But no one can tell who is a church member and who is not by dealing with therh on account of any special integrity of character. rome are good men and women and some are not, just like members. The divine Father of all has stamped in our souls the love of justice. Churches are only machinery to develope and bring it out." They are not religion any more than plows and hots are agriculture. They no more make the love of religion than bakers or meat dealers make the love of bread and meat, or the sheep shearers make wool. They don't raise the sheep they shear, or the lambs they slaughter?, bo many are living by the gospel the work is overdone. There h a superabundance of shepherds and shearers. HEAVY AND SHELF HARDWARE. RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT e GLASS AND QUEENS WARE, age,-Horac- non-chur- ch so-call- ed Very few sheep with eligible fleeces are entering the folds. The machinery of religion is beliefs of the dark The changing. when ' . . . . e t i i most oi our ormoaox meoiogy came into beinf is for this reason not adapted to our age no more than a child's spelling book is adapted to a Newton or the clothes of a babe are adapted to manhood. .Religion is eternal; never Was it bo common. Never had it so much care for the unfortunate. The secret benevolent societies are protecting the weak and helping the a-e- . s . - The following Resolutions of Respect for our beloved President, Mrs. Elizabeth Clifton, who was born August 23rd, 1822, and died at Wallsburg, April 27, 1887, after many years of suffering, which she bore with great fortitude and patience. Whereas, our Heavenly Father has seen fit to remove from this sphere of action our beloved President, Sister Elizabeth Uifton.we feel that we have lost an efficient officer of our society, a kind neighbor, and loving sister, and while we deplore her loss we feel to bow in humble submission to Him who doeth all things well. Resolved That we extend to the sorrowing family our heartfelt sympathy, and trust that they will feel 16 acknowledge the hand of the Lord in this visitation, that she is not lost but gone before. Resolved That copy of these resolutions be sent to the , bereaved family, that a copy be on our placed society record, and that one be sent to the Woman's. Exponent for publication. She suffered more than three score years, And her deliverer has come, And wiped away his handmaid's tears, And taken his exile home. .', Her aching head has found a rest, Let us preparwithterlomeeT No cares disturb her peaceful breast The time is short she has to sleep. Polly Meecham, Esther Dablinq, i , Gardner, Lucina - ELEGANT CUT GLASS, AGRICULTURAL TOOLS AND M. Boren, Sec, Committee. IMPLE-r;,:-; MENT8, CLQTH AND CLOTHING. PURE DRUGS AND CHEMICALS, CARPETS AND WALL PAPERS, ALL GRADES AND NEWEST DESIGNS. We carry a larger and more complete Stock than any house In the west. H. S- - ELDREDCE, Supt. Special to the Ladies. ; AT TEASDEL'S and piodnctlons UTbeJfoundlhe latest styles in Eliza Thompson, Susan '". " . LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES I PANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES, And an elegant assortment of DBY anrshoe.1116111 Q-OOD- S; f0r 114, 116, 118 '.MW and In-11- 2, East TempU Stre " ' 