V WOMAN'S EXPONENT. T A 0 NENT. WOMA N'S EM MELI Mi B. Editor. WELLS, in Salt Lake City, Utah "Terms: one copy six months, 11.00.: Ten " copies for tho price of nine. Each rates: square, ten lines of nonpareil Advertising discount one time. R.r0iJer hiontb, f 3,pO.AJibtrtl' pace, ' to regular advertisers. ' Exponent office, No. 25 E., South Temple .Street, second 10 gate east of Deseret News Office." Business hours from a.m to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. Address all business commuuiaitions.to' PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT,- - Published .one copy one ye:fr, wmi-montbl- S&00,'- - " . : . - Salt Lake City. Utah. Salt Lake November ..: City, has justice fled?" Well 'may; the' question be asked and repeated, "Have the Mormons any rights at all?" As human beings, as 'a religious body of worshiping Christians, as citizens of the Great Republic, they certainly have; and bye and by it will be seen, and not long first, either, that they are as loyal to the government as any other people, if not more so, and that they honor the Constitution and the principles of truth and liberty, and are not afraid or ashamed to defend them. pvprv nne an oDDortunity oPdoing something in this direction,-- and the names of all, with the, amounts contributed, snouja te careiimy wivcu, - We would like to see the names of every man woman and child in the Church recorded in the - -- Archives of the Temple as' having contributed something towards its erection and completion. These funds with the donors' names, can either be forwarded to the office of the Presiding Bishorj or the Chief Clerk Brother James Jack, at the President's Office. it is important' that these collections should be made and remitted as promptly as possible, as the need for this means is pressing. 4 HE ONLY SLEEPS. ." In behalf of the Council of the Apostles. J AN ADDRESS FRO.YTPRESIDENT, ' WOODRUFF f EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. - relation to the manti temple. in Salt Lake To the- Presidents - ' tf City, Oct. 20th, 1S87. Stakes, Bishops, and the It is with profound feelings of gratitude and thanksgiving to our Jieavenly. Father that we an-j- d ounce fa theLnrtendsy: SaiiitsilhIithTelnple which is being erected at Manti has been so nearly completed as to be ready for the upholstering, furniture, carpets, etc., which are necessary 10 put it. in a state of complete preparation for the sacred labors to be performed therein. This is the third ' building of this, character Which' in the kind providence of God the Latter-daSaints have been permitted to erect and finish in these mountains. The Temple at Salt Lake City i. also progressing in a satisfactory manner, t.ich7 wneTn finished, will be the fourth Temple that has been constructed, by the Saints under the direction of the Almighty since we came to these valleys.How blessed are the people who have had these Our hearts glorious privileges granted unto them swell with inexpressible feelings of thanksgiving and joy to.our Father in heaven that He has permitted His Saints to build these houses. They now have opportunitieirto act as baviors of their fellowmen, which but few generations of the children of men have ever. .enjoyed. The great work of the restoration of the dead, which will occupy the time and thought of future generations, has now begun, never more to end until the earth is sanctified and the plan of salvation devised in the eternal w 6 rids fo r human red emption is fully consummated. Our object in addressing you in this circular is to present to all the members of the Church the opportunity of contributing, according to their means and liberality, something. towards' the furnishing of the Manti Temple.' Heretofore the contribut'o is for that building have been confined to the Stakes which are numbered in vhat is known as "the Manti Temple District." Before the Logan Temple was completed an opportunity was given to the Saints to contribute. towards the purchasing of its furnishings, furniture, etc. They gladly responded io'the call which was made upon them. We' feel that thy will, on the present occasion, appreciate. the privilege of contributing in likemanntr towards the purchasing of suitable upholstery, carpetings, etc., for the Aland Temple. The funds of the Superintendent are exhausted, and contracts are alreadymade for needed articles, which have to be met at an early date. Contributions will be taken from twenty five cents upwards, so that those who are the most limited in means need not be debarred, while those who are moie wealthy, can have the satisfaction and pleasure of making donations arjcording to their ability for the completion of this noble edifice Wc would like the Presidents and Bishops to give . - y - ! -- " " . In heaven to hold our idols; and albeit He brake them to our faces, and denied . That our close kisses should impair their white, I knqw we shall behold them raised complete, the dust swept from their 'beauty, glorified." The little golden head , with its fair brow, ' : " ' . Wilford Woodruff, i j 1887. "God keeps a nicbe the, spiritual, refined face, the tender, blue eyes, the The case now awaiting the decision of the Su. perfect foim of our little Percival, these lie in the preme Court of the Territory as to the right of tomb, but the sweet spirit that animated the feathe United States' government to appointa Retures, the intelligence that beamed from his counceiver to take charge and dispose of property tenance, the affection that made him so r'ear, so belonging'to the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter- still in realms of day S ai nts,i so new hi c h"e very tho ughTfTdp ers b n Tenderly belbv"e3,"thesefe living must consider an important matter. It would brightness and glory, where there is no more seem that either ''Mormons" have no rights, or sorrow, nor pain, nor death, and all tears are wiped that this suit must seriously affect other churches away. Dear little Percival, his face all sunshine as regards property investments;.' If this law is to glowing w ith health, was cut down like a flower; be applied to other religious denominations, then just when the early frost was nipping the tenderest buds of the garden, this little fellow, so carefully: Congress will have work on hand for the future nurtured and watched, was. cut off by the Reaper home-rulwork that will require the utmost wisdom Death almost without warning; taken from his to adjust, and that never can be done amicably unless the religious bodies become devoid of both earthly home, where he was the pride and joy, and conscience and rights. To intefere with property transplanted to a higher and better one, which has been a from, the people to "Eye hath not seen it,'my gentle boy? the Lord, for the establishing of His work upon Ear hath not heard its deep songs of joy; the earth, the building of temples and houses of r Dreams cannot pictureaworld so fair Latter-daSorrow and death cannot enter there;. Saints might worworship, where the doth not breathe on its fadeless bloom,. Time ship God according to their own'belief, must have For beyond the clouds and, beyond the tomb, the appearance of z gross injustice, to all who are It is there, it is there, my child.' able to see and comprehend the circumstances and conditions. The death of Percival Woods falls very heavily The working classes, in alf good faith, and with upon hfs parents, as he was the only remaining thezeal that must be apparent to even the ordinson, and a remarkably bright boy, gifted in many ary observer, have contributed to this means, that respects beyond his years, exceptionally affectionCongress holds should be put into the hands of a ate and tender-hearteand the life of the housereceiver appointed by the government for that, hold", just like a beam of golden sunshine. Me was taken with sore throat Sunday evening, the purpose. And why? Is it unlawful to build observe and perform religious rites and cere6th, and Monday morning it was pronounced to monies in, and in which this people have implicit be diphtheri; hopes, however, were entertained confidence as binding upon them, and necessary of his recovery, but on Thursday membranous for their salvation and that of the' whole human croup set in, ami he died at half-patwo p.m. family? The whole force of the bill passed by His lather, Major W, W, Woods was in Idaho on Congre s s is said to be d irecedgahrstfpolygamy usiness, and though he was telegraphed for as and its practice, and what has that .to do with soon us danger was apprehended, did not arrive Church property? If the men w ho are sd anxious-- - until Saturday evening, in consequence of the to appoint a Receiver, which means to take posdistance frpm telegraph lines and railroads. session of the property, had worked as diligently Percival Woods was the son of Major W. W. and faithfully as the "Mormons" have to acquire and Mrs. M. C. Woods and was born in this city, it in the midst of a desert, away from 4he civiliza23rd, 1878, and died October 20th, 1887, April tion of which they boast so .much,if they had subaged nine years, five months and twenty-seve- n dued the land and made it fertile by digging days. The most intense symyathy was manifested ditches, canals, and applying every means in their bv the relatives and friends of the family, and power to. produce such things as would sustain life, floral offerings in almost every design were sent without money to use for such purposes,only hard the house during the interval between the death to work of hand and brain, doubtless they would feel and burial. The remains were taken from the it was an out and out robbery. house after the death, and the casket and shortly To take men from their homes, adjudge them box carefully closed were placed in a vault await-ingth- e guilty of a crime, because the Law madeon purcoming of the father. The arrival of the pose has so pronounced it. and imprison them so iather,toMs lonely home on Saturday night was that the family is deprived of the means regular the occasion of a scene of sorrow too of support, andthen, deep for any heavily" well words to. portray. The this has been submitted to and feorne motherbore up bravely . with the during all this severe strain greatest fortitude, but that is not enough for these upon her, though for months she had been suffering from a spinal affee-tioofficers of this great and grand government, of " caused an which the people of 4he United accident last April. . by . States have been The funeral so proud these many yers 0, no, now they want Cemetery, on services were held at the City Sunday morning, October 23rd, at loTT.1 Lord, the 3CCUmulati towards the nine o'clock a.m. A large number of relatives building of Temples for the' and friends assembled at the graveyard, most of sacred ordinances, and they, do it with impunity them Well may remaining in their carriages during the sersaid, "Where has freedom, where vices. The coffin, covered with the most exquisite , , e : " free-offerin- g y . ' d, tem-ples,- to 1 st -- -- - fine-the- n, - " : 