WOMAN'S EXPOjNENT. E.K.THGMAS crowded is so short a time, that this report 'hardly does'credit to the occasion. D. E. Dudley, Sec. Pm:t. Fox paid, "I am well pleased with the reports and minutes of Relief bociety m this -- Stake,: I feel to eucouVage in lecturing, and I will advie He young- ladles to meet with you and receive the 'benefit. The teachers should visit regularly. You should be diligent in ZrJookiiJg after the poor in your wards. Gheer who are left up the shier, especially the ones " ' - v IN MEMORIAM. - If is with deep feelings of regrerand sorrow that we re- cord theieath of one of our most esteemed sifters, Sophia Berg, who departed this life Dec: loth, x886, at her home in Santaquin, Utah, after a long and painful sickness caused by consumption. Deceased was0 born in Var a Finnland, May 19th, 1845. She was a faithful teacher in the Relief Society, meek and humble in spirit and exemplary in all the relations of life. She. was bVlovedby all who knew her, and died in the hope of a glorious resurrection, to inherit eternar life in the mansions of the jusf. "She leaves a hus-- " band and aged mother, with a large circle of relatives and friends to mourn her loss. V :C ; ; . dareifrneglecrV attend to your meetings, so you may be bene- Do not neglect to lay up grain and take care of it. I would like the brethren to help build, good c granaries,; 80 me mice cHimuiuceutjjf-tn- be giimi, taken our grain is very precious, and ahoul(j 1 good care of." Elder William. Webster said, "The Sisters are traveling in the Stake to instruct the sisters and children upon many subjects which are . ye have necessary for them to " repented, been1 baptized, and many of us have received forgiveness of sins, and are in possession of a portion, of. the Holy Ghost, whose olllce is t(J(ad to all truth. We should ply with all the requirements of the Gospel so we may be counted with the worthy at the last when Christ shall come to make up His jewels." ;v fited and - yrur " "- undei-stand- uxmra saia, "I Patriarch JUiio have felt inspired in your meeting; I have felt Anurus-o- r inspired by the beautiful morning, and by tha ".and growth outside of the appearance house. It is very Important for us all to understand the laws of life and health. The Gospel found us all in a very ignorant state pertaining to the knowledge of God, The brethren .should sustain the' Relief Society by their presence. Joseph the Prophet, and Hyrura the Patriarch, noble brethren, set the example and many-moThe Society should try to" in their create work for their daughteis and sisters, that they may not be' compelled to go to the outside for employment. The young people should not dare to trifle with the springs of life, that their offspring may be noble sons and daughters of God, as He- has reserved - the most noble )irits to ccme forth in this age. By observing the 1 a vr 3 of God all ih is can be brough t abou t. We should so live5 that we can dedicate our bodies to God, feeling we have done His will mand men ts. There is n 0 ; an d ; kept H danger, truth will prevail. This kingdom will come oil" victorious; only wait." Bishop Wiliiam Garner said, "I am thankful lor the visit of the sisters, and for their timely instruction." Prest. Pox thanked those present for their of-lif- e re life-tim- e. - is-en- r officers be encouraged jn good attention. Conference was then adjourned subject to ap- pointment. The choir sang, ;0, say, what truth?" Benediction by Elder Lewis Petty. - Died, at her home in Santaquin, Sisrer Annie Parson Swenson, May 16th, 1887, from a lingering. illness of about-ni- ne months duration. Her age was 66 years, 8 months and 14 days. She was bereft of her husband in a very sudden and cruel way some fifteen years "since, and has lived a widow ever since. She labored hard supporting herself and donating as liberally as her circumstances would ' permit to aid in the great work she was engaged in. She was a very faithful and efficient teacher in the Relief Society , which office she has held with" honor for the last seventeen years, and was always ready to faithfully perform any duty that was required of her. She embraced the Gospel in her native country, Swedon, in the year 1857; and emigrated s 0. to Utah in the an adopted daughter- and a large circle of friends to mourn her loss. year-186- She-leave- SALT LAKE CITY. The Leading Retail Casli Hons e To the memory of Sister Edna F. Tietjen, the beloved of August Tietjen, who died June 15th, 1887. She was born in Mecklenberg, Strilts, Germany, Sept. 8th, 1825, and emigrated to' Utah with her husband and family in the year 1859, having previously united themselves with the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints. From that time forward she was devoted to her religion. Her door was always open. to receive and hospitably entertain the servants of God, and to all who sought her for aid and counsel. She held the office of treasurer in the Relief here for the past sixteen years, reflecting great credi on herself and honor to the Association. She was modes and retiring, yet possessing many rare qualities of heart and mind. She died as she had lived, beloved and, respected by all who knew her, leaving a husband, eight children and twenty-sigrandchildren, also a large circle of friends to " mourn her loss. , e:e.thomai . JDj&rVXT) So-cie- ty x -- Thesethree dearsisters now at rest W ere highly prized by those who knew their worth. Their missions were to comfort and to bless, While God saw fit to lend them on the earth;' They labored with untiring zeal, JAME3 6c COv TINNERS, CAS, WATER & STEAM FITTERS -- Agent for lUJMSKY'S celebrated LIFT and FORCE PtJMPd. Pumps Repaired on sboa notice. Orders rum Jhe country prom ptly res ponded to. "WAdlrwi. DAVID JAUE3, Box 308. SALT LAZE CIT7. v ESTABLISHED. OCTOBER, 1868. wife SALT LAKE CITY, Utah. IMPORTERS AND JOBBERS OF mubL'uuii, Huuunsibrocenes HEAVY AND SHELF-HARDWAR- E, GLAS3 AND QUEENSWARE, , ELEGANT CUT GLASS, AGRICULTURAL Nor deemed their tasks too hard to bear, TOOLS AND IMPLE- - Till God in mercy called them home Bright crowns and homes await them there. ol..: cauiuuuua - . r ui rr,cs,pcei -- on -- . . tne aeathofnhearove" named sisters adopted at "a meeting of the Relief Society ui oamaqiun, neiajuiy7in, I8S7, vhereas, lheir labors m our Association have. been laithtully performed, we feel that some proper recognition yji incu vinucs ue recognizea among us, therefore, be it Kcsolved, That we, as members of the Relief 0 Society, do v.ccH.jr .Huura me loss 01 such valuable and faithful , Kesolved, That we present a copy of these Resolutions to their relatives, and have the same published in the and keep a copy on our record. While the Relief Society held their meeting in the ward house, the Stake Presidency, of the Elizabeth Stickney, prest., i'rimary lieiu ft meeting in tne oocieiy nail,, Elizabeth which was crovded to overflowing. Wall, Committee. Bettie Boss, ' At 2 o'clock a.m. a ward meeting was held,; Hannah Kirkman, Stake Counselor George C. Parkinson presidirg. Ann J. Stickney, Sec, The time was occupied first by Elder William Webster of Franklin, secondly, by Elder Riley, Davis, and lastly, by Coun.' George C. ParkinDr. B. son. All 'gave wise and timely instructions. and both of the Stake Office Conn. Saul Hale wife, and Residence at the Deserct were from prevented Hospital, attending this Preiduicy, Romania conference by an accident. The enjoyable visit of our honored brethren and sisters, with so much good instruction, was ' J 13 . EMPORIUM EAGLE -- a Ion e. We are a blest people, for we live in the age of building temples and working in them for those, w.ho have died without a feuowl- edge of the Gospel, Girls should, not go into the creeks to batbe, but they should bathe often in proper places in warm water. I, will gay to tin; girls, be virtuous and chaste, and never : T, Pratt. Seventeenth Ward, Salt Lake City. . TKe Warm Springs car passes the Hospital whirV can also l?e reached by Telephone No 09 CLOTH AND CLOTHING, PURE DRUGS AND CHEMICALS, CARPETS AND WALL PAPERS, ALL GRADES AND NEWEST DESIGNS. tW We carry a larger and more complete Stock than any house In the west. V' H. S. ELPRE D G E, S u t. p Special to the Ladies. DET7S WUl be found the latest styles and pioductions ' ; ; ln:.;, rF0' : EMBRODERIES, AKAoO us. TTT RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES, v JCi And an elegant assortmenf of DRY GOODS: uw Special deDartmAnt to ant's Shoes. t?-.- i 112, 114, 116, 118 . misses' and Eatt Tempi In- - Stre 