118 shoot down innocent men, and thu3 add another sin to their doom; a sin that cannot be forgiven in this world nor the world to come. Why? because God had commanded him and" he obeyed. The man that wad killed, or the man that is deprived or his iioertyjor marrying more wives than one, is only responsible to his God, and not to his fellow man nor to his exh Saints are on post facto laws. The Latter-daa higher plane: they do not descend. to. the. low. and grovelling passions that rule and govern so many who wear the human form. If all are true to their God, then all work together in unity, peace and lover" But the world sees not the true status of this peculiar people. The scum will alwaysjisato thetop, and is not fit for use in . and this is always seen, the kingdom of God; only nt to bnug offences, "But, woe unto him by whom offences come," saveth sacred writ. I have been a close ob server of these matters. .They who .oppose this work,' which is of God," are like the troubled waters, casting up mire and dirt. Let the take warning and cease. furnish abundance for the' pantry, yet never see a well kept table. They will sit down opposite a pretty face, with carefully prepared banged hair, and eat burned up meat, sorrgy potatoes and. yellow biscuit. I know of one frood natured man, who1 hands his beloved qJw,, "dollars a month to provide for the house. He sees no end of flounces and embroideries, but is ashasned to open his dinner pail before his T The sisters to keep the Sabbath day holy. the in also met with the meeting afternoon, and to all present. gave much Ann Tate, Cor. Sec of Stake. good-instructio- -- n - MEETING., SEMI-MONTHL- Y " SY NOI'SIS OF .M IN UT ICS. y op-pos- - Merrill Pratt. Mary Ann . oaic nsLKe vity, L7ec. er 1 zo, 1000. REPORTS. R. S., Y. L. M. 1. A. & P. 'TOOELE STAKE CONFERENCE- - The quarterly conference of the R. S., Y. L. M. I. A. and P. A. Associations of the Tooele Stake was held in the Grantsville meeting -- h o use.Dec.ll thand 12th 1S8 (L. com men ci n er -Saturday at 10 a.m., Mrs. Mary A. Hunter sin-nresidino".o AfteTthe ooeniner o exercises of o i j Snow W. Sisters Minerva and and prayer, ing Elizabeth Howard, who were here from Salt Lake City, addressed the meeting. Sister Howard was the first speaker, and gave very good instructions to the sisters, both old and young, in her usual good way, and in that good spirit that comes from every true . - - Saint. Latter-da- y Ir . Sister Minerva Snow spoke to the sisters in a i r rl - mr fi f or a rr r r t W-- 1 1 vva all who desire to do the will of Go'd and keep His commandments; and Sister Ann Tate gave a verbal report of the Tooele Relief Society, as Pi est Delamare was not in attendance. The choir sang, and meeting was dismissed by Bro. Wm; Rydalch. "In the afternoon Primary Conference convened, at which there was a large attendance, Sister Sarah Hale presiding. The children gave, in a very creditable manner,'; songs, recitations and essays, and Sisters Minerva W, Snow and Elizabeth Howard instructed the children to obey their parents, and not forget their prayers, and they would grow up to be good men and women in the kingdom of God. On Saturday Evening the Young- Ladies held their Conference. After the usual opening exercises, reading of reports, etc., Sister Tate reported the Tooele Y. L. M. I. A. in not so good a condition a$ it should be, but they had started to meet again. Miss Melinda McBride gave a report of the Grantsville Y. L. M. I. A. It was in a good condition. Met in Conjoint session once in two weeks, and had very interesting meetings. ' Sister Howard and M. W. Snow again addressed the meeting, and encouraged the young people to do right and live "up to""""""their privil-ege- s. ' ,. " --- . : Bro. Wm. Coljet endorsed theTemarks of the sisters, and said he had been very much interested in the good instructions, and desired to do the will of God at all times. Singing by the choir. Benediction by Bro. Alma Hale. . On Sunday morning the sisters from the city attended Sunday School. At the close of the exercises, the sisters spoke in a very able manner on the principles of the Gospel; encouraged the children in attending Sunday School, and flillnur trnrb-- Kim n rarr-tr- C xi luaiiyis, yhu live uupi iiucu, uuu wm Dear upon his heailstone no record' of his cros3 and Ward Assembly Rooms, Saturday, Oct. 2nd, After the 18.88, Prest. .M. I. Home presiding. minutes of the last meeting, held in August (conference intervening) were read and accepte1; also minutes of the P. of the 5th, 20th and 8th wards; also minutes of the Y. L. M.'I. A. of the 8th and Mill Creek Wards. J Prest. Horuelhen addreid the meeting for a short time in her usual motherly and instructive way ,vjifter , which Sjster Eliza F. Snow Smith occupied a short time. Said Latter-day- . Saints ought never to look sad; that God would overrule, every thing .that is not for our good, for He loves every one of us. Spoke of the usual-exercis- n heroism. There seems, after all, to be in this earthly economy a beautiful adaptation of natures whereby the inefficient wife is provided for by a diligent and indulgent husband, and again, where an economical,, industrious and managing housewife is the prop, inspiration an, savings bank of the meagre earnings of an occasional income through an indiflerent husband. If es, - though one pair might go clear to the foot of prosperity's hill while the other was resting on the summit. Some years ago I heard, PresidentGeorge Q. wejLkuS&eswfLall Cannon say in public, that in choosing a wife selves, and r the progress We must make; that there was no standing still in this kingdom, he Would rather take one who could make bread and could not play the piano, than to ' but going onward; God will have a tried peotake a good pianist who could not make good. ple, amHhose that are "of pure minds and contrite .hearts. STstrEh'za made mention of bread. At the time I heard this declaration I had the family of Bro. Jacob Hamblin, who died andwould no experience in eating poor bread, and sup- be well for the lately, thought it sisters to give a trifleto help them.- posett. that a good quality : 01 that' artrcle wai Coun. M. W. Snow spoke of the pleasant an' easy enough production, requiring no special time she had "had recently visiting in the setattention, and commanding no ppecial praise, and felt' it almost an affront to my sex that we tlements; thought the people were improving, and rejoiced that she was a Latter-damust all be expected to qualify ourselves in Saint, and associated with this people. Gave a cooking especially a3 I had a particular aversion to kitnhen work. Of nourse I hnxbfnrornt- concerning the family "of Bro." Jacob ten an ignominious experiment of mine some Hamblin, and ended by praying that we might all fill our missions. , years before, which brought about my dismissal Sister E. S. Taylor spoke of the necessity of from the pantry, and remanded me to the sewmeeting together and getting comforted and ing room. I have since learned the real merit strengthened; that the Lord knows how to of President Cannon's remarks, and know that mete out our trials, and will give us strength mat Drier pornon oi ni3jsermon7ii cumvatea accordingto .our day. Exhorted all to set a by every household, where needed, would be. come a universal good example. blessing. I recall a visit Sister Emma Terry of Draper Sister Julia once made to a lady who was a frequent guest Pack, Sister M. Brown and Sister Nellie Cole- - of my, mother's; one whom we thought much brook of this city, each occupied a few minutes, of. She was nearly all the time in delicate health and . in: a state of despondency. Her speaking upon interesting subjects to the edification of all present. case seemed very sorrowful to me, for I wa3 at- miirrh. at.tanhffl tn hpr nprnnnl anr? mpnfil Meeting adjourned for two weeks with singtractions. One day I visited her, and her help ing, and benediction by sister' M. E. Kimr ball, being absent, she cooked the dinner one to be remembered. As she took the bread from the - -- -- y few-item- s ; j... " VARIOUS QUALIFICATIONS. Once in a while, even if very busy, random suggestions will shoot across o'ne's mind, that-ar- . perhaps, worthy of note. occurred to me many times how generally the plain qualifications of every day usefulness are neglected in the education of young persons; mothers doing themselves many ordin ary duties becausethey can perform them better and quicker than their daughters, and cannot spare time to instruct them in these matters. I have seen a delicate lady, the mother of eleven children, beautifully darning the stockings for her grown up "daughters, while they were practising their music lessons. I wanted to express myself, but had to "hold in," as I was ;not on sufficiently intimate terms to take such a liberty. I often ask myself, "Why should a girl marry until she knows something of housekeeping? I know of young wives who have wasted enough bread in their first year of housekeeping to have fed thenTanother that was quietly conferred to the at the back door for a neighbor's pig. pail Why should a girl hire out and receive good wa when she is unqualified to cook a plain meil-- . Ihereare laboring men who work hard, and It ha3 . year-brea- d e, - cool for dirmer, I remarked: "It is not quite done through, is it?" and she replied: "No;T always bake it underdone, good bread gets eaten up so quick." Tha dinner began with an Irish stew, and her husband, after tasting his, soliloquized drolly: "Two pounds of beef, ten potatoes, six onions and how much Scotch -Adeline?" I never wondered aftejward at her poor health, and remember making a rush for the pantry when Lgot home. Imagine the effect of such a cook upon the health of an in' ; valid. .,v It has come,to my notice upon several oecas ions how needful it is for hired, nurses to bo ableo prepare tastefully and econocoicaHy the food for the sick room. Very often the husband is a poor man, and the matter is of great consequence to him that the few delicacies he can afford be used to the best possible advandetage, The success of-- the -- physician, too, pends much upon the cook. I very much fear that when the doctor and cook are in opposite scales, the doctor's chances are with th& patiejiti downwards. I do pity the doctor, whsa his. or her reputation hangs as much, perUapa,. upon the cook's performances a3 iipon his or her own. ability and anxious endeavors. -- : Augusta Joyce Cbocherok. 