LEAVES FROM MY JOURNAL. M. j J. TANNER. Continued. ttti y ijen - - t . 1 1 r we got uacK to our room, we luuun our trunks ttiere.AYe dressed ami, went for a wfllt nnJ Rrnqrlw-fl- J Tr. hpi'nfr "Snrwliiv morninc2 Ul t .1 the streets were quiet anaI pusiness nouses ciuseu; suu it was very pieasum, auu .umuj people were stirring. We had been traveling sq long wfr had lost-oureckoning, and could hardly realize that if was bunday. New York is much as we expected to see it. but it gives one very much the idea of the old v w "- - M . - . r r song: r iye cannot see the city for the houses." - Sharp had No. 828. We stepped on the elevator and asked for room 828. We were taken up seven stairs, and directed which way to go. We followed the numbers on the doors until we found 828, Here we found our friends in-- a very pleasaqt room, overlooking the street, as also many other' houses. They take their meals at the restaurant, and we might have lived in.the same house for weeks and never met. It is ljke a small cityBid off and divided by hall3 and corridors, with stairs n. We could go up leading in MrsT - every-tlireetio- hv wRtmrj nr Jinn rinwn plpvntnr v v V4V ? M V' V ()nr ww fripfwl 1 V LI ' A 1 4 had been to church, and we were sorry we did not go with them. We all met' in- Bro. Hart's - x ii . i or our old mends were there, and it seemed pleasant to meet so many among strangers. Rested well, Y., Monday, April 20. this with a headache. got up morning Went down to, breakfast; fbund ourselves late. Were a little surprised, but were shown to a smaller dining room,; where we were nicely waited on. On comparing time, I found my watch an hour slow. I had forgotten that New York time was three hours ahead of us. After breakfast we went for a walk on Broadway. We went a long way, and got back very tired, to find a lady wating for me in the Parlor. On going in found it was my cousin , M rs, ; Ki m f. I -- I packed my trunk and she tookme ball. home with her. The method of traveling was quite now to me.1 We went in a buss, I think they are called, to the ferry. We crossed the river on a Bteam ferry-boat- , which I enjoyed very much; then we took a street car to her home; .It i3 Tvil-.. akrmt Ti U. uuv nlrrUt uiuca xiulu iuc uutei. xt is on iigun is and called Williamsourg, Long Island, it seems to me a continuation of the though same city. It is now incorporated in Brooklyn and is called "Eastern .District." - mi Ihestreets are paved with rock, and packed with vehicles of all kinds, and the noise is so great that we can scarcely.-heeach other is so speak. Everything strange, I should ba frightened without a Wide. I am warmlv welcomed by my cousin's family, four handshlar.k-pvA. 1 n i. 1 - ' ar ome.- fl r " ' J i CI about, to the ship; The bridge rfot only crosses All houses: houses everywhere: not a spot ofground to put your foot on. ouch high houses; from five to seven stories hisrh: no chance to see out but to look up to the sky, and even that 13 being appropriated, seemingly, lor when peobuild out ple can no longer - z thev build un. 1 O 'j to visit 1 Sister On our return we concluded "Harrison. We went to the office and inquired for her room. The clerk turned to the direc- - i . ' ; ; every nerve seems frizzling'and grinding. Mrs. Kimball is a great talker, as well as mysejt, and we haveo much to eay. In the evening we walk out to look at the stores by gaslight; the streets are so light that everything looks lovely. Wo take a street car and ride home", and spend the evening in conversation until ' '.. late. April 22nd. Feel somewhat rested, and go for a yisittothe Brooklyn Bridge. We ride over on a steam car, fare three cents; walk back, lare one cent. It is a long walk, a .nile and a qaartehut it i? very Pleasant, and we lmv .uch a hpe y.ew of the with boats is dotted country, and river, which -a l c u i lca four years of age. Her husband is away, but mu ue nome in a lew aays. We are nice and quiet, but I am so tired, so tir-dthe house seems turning abou t, and - the grind i fig" noise seems running through me froth my finders to my toes, i wonder it 1 shall ever fepl calm again. 7 Williamsburcr. Tuesdav. Anril 91 pat,i some last night, but cannot get over being tired; ; is looked upon with a species advent of con- sternation. Sucli a condition naturally makes children unwelcome, and it must take great efforts of patience, aud goodwill to live so closely packed Every effort is made uuu uruer. tlOUSes H Btxnic ;jf;uiiinc?3 niiu are noTso high in Brooklyn and- Williamsburg as in New York. togf-ther- . - TEIREE SCORE AND TEN. Editor Exponent: f jfarch. beinK the 70th President of the Relief Society bi?ter of bantaquin, Elizabeth J. Sticknev Hi n tvi rr t h (i yrrtsty assembled at the school house at 2 o'clock 'p.m., in honor of the occasion, together with the Bishop and Counselors and some of the most prominent brethren K' of the place. Our President, with the older ladies, seated In n larnro rroiltr rirnlp rnnnd thp fifnvp nhfltfinrr , "r'-t-t "fj b""'Jt looked very beautiful, while the younger portion participated in the dance for a short time, when the following address was read by Bro. Eli Openshaw: To Mrs. Elizabeth Sttcbiey, President of jhe Relief Bocietu of Saniaauin: Di:ak Sistkr: By .the counsel of our Bishop and Counselors, we, the Relief Society for of Santaquin, have met with you the purpose of celebrating this your seventieth the river, but spans over the city for a long distance, passing dver houses, six and seven " stories high. . Williamsburg; Sunday, April 25th. Raining this morning. We had proposed to hear the but it has Rev. Henry Ward Beecher rained "all day and we could not go, but spent our time talking and reading Scripture. My friends have great curiosity about our faith, and are a little surprised to hear it defended on a scriptural basis. We have some very interesting arguments. I have visited several points of interest in the last few days, among which is the water-workor reservoir, which supplies water for the city. It is a" large pond or basin, nicely Tf Ja n crnnA hrrtlwlfi v ctp Knf vpf wa walled in with an iron fence around it; at a live" to see many happy returns little distance is another fence, making an en- - hope you may of the day . .closure, inside of which the keeper lives, and been President of the Relief You have now no living thing is allowed inside the enclosure. Society of Santaquin eighteen years .and six; No person can go iusidethe enclosure without months. Your labors in that capacity have s permission. There seems little danger of Your charitable hfjpn arduous and unceasing. or anything :of the kind getting into, has always made you a friend to the .vater, which is conducted through pipes to disposition the poor, the sick and the aged; many there , and each house is furall parts of can testify of your care for them, and nished with water in every storv; alo pipes to. are who 11 r --W vvui-iu ii:. in is ma niaie Hys pray rir boJow off laid which ytur are the sewerage, carry is and which come. to that water mains. Everything is so complete.' The iis a nnancier, you conn 01 oe turpassea. streets are swept, and all the dirt, carried off that you have handled the funds entrusted to every few days? The dust and ashes of the your care with interest for the benefit of the houses are collected in barrels, which are hore-b- ii si- -5m pt i eii-- a n'd ca r r ie I -- a way preriated by us all. nes3 it 13, and no garbage 13 allowed m the ash We therefore wish to return unto you our barrels, as it i$ use3 in filling up low places, of and vegetable decay would breed miasma. It heartfelt thanks for the honorable discharge looked strange to see cold victuals and scraps your duties, and ever pray that long life, may be given you, and that you may retain your from the table thrown into the fire and burned, but when it wa3 explained to me that such powers of mind, so that you may continue to be our elect lady f r many years to come. things would make a litter if thrown in the Signed m behalf of the Relief Society of back yard, and perhaps akli?agreeable odor, as well as attract cats and dogvto thediscomfort oantaqum, jlizabetii wall, Sarah J. Halladay. of the people, J, could readily see that CircumBf.tttf. Rnss. stances altered cases." Ann J. Sttckney, A large proportion of the people, live m Eltzaheth Openshaw. rented houses. Some of the hou?es are built RENDENA OlvSON, with two or three stories and a basement, with Committee of arrangements- 7 . a small back yard for clothes lineetc.; and a small yard in front. The sidewalks are paved Prest. Stickney responded to it, and ad; with flagstones and each one is required to aressea tne assemDiy ior a snore. ume, inauiiiug ,. the sisters for their kindness and appreciation keep his own sidewalk clean, Some houses are built in "flats," on the French plan, five or six stories high, a complete to the work of God. suit of rooms in each-sto- ry r rent ranging ac ihen there was dancing again until pan to the families Jive one past four o'clock, when a bountiful repast was cording height, three above anotherv As a consequence. findneoDlex x partaken of, and an intermission taken for one to have it4inpleasant many children in a house. hour, when the company again returned to en-- j The first question from the landlord is, "Have to- oy a very pleasant a nd "agreeable e veni n g you children?" "Are they boys or girls?" If either, consisting of dancini?. interspersed with girls, "have they beaux?" "Do you keep ser- - several nieeea of noetrv. which had been corn- Tmai.-An van ts?If"lhes;(VTfu a n pd ..... .?,.JTu II :Z1 I ilt-... - t tart III. n. III! " fill I ... till l'i V. , . , factorily, and you can pay the price demanded. the company by dancing two hornpipes, whicn you may rent the house if it suits you. If the she executed very gracefully. She was pre-- , family js too large or the children too small, if ented-with asum of money, aijd thenames liave a the you baly,or play piano,or run a sew-ii.donors were read." Refreshments were is machine, it difficult to procure a house. served again during the evening, and the party A young couple commence housekeeping was. dismissed. at eleven o'clock. All seemed and when a baby comes they are liable to be a.s it had been a day long to highly pleased, requested to change their quarters. Children,. be remembered in Santiquin. then,are a constant source of anxiety, and every Ann J. Stickney, Sec. - to-da- y, sr to-da- y dead-animal- the-city- 1 ai -- -h- y-tnen-r - - : . - . - - 1 ; - I . . V, A V. . L I l I - i 1 -,- T 1 . 11 1 trVW-- i- - of-th- -s- g . e 