87 WOMAN'S EXPONENT: those who are downcast. ami r enie m bert. 'w h en e v e r 1 1 h es e uprisings 1 i.ed ; come, these inroads are made, we have made Encourage-ouanother step heavenward.. . Ladies' Associations; Primary and ourr Young should let our we save id souls; this t)ie way r: become-betteby attendchildren feel thatrwe to have the ing Relief Soch ty meeting. TryJuvenile Imtrnetor M ay you r hea rts always be i a yu ur. ho m es. willing to do the will or the Lord, is my prayer in the name of Jesus.- Amen." Bro. E. A. Box addressed the assembly forcibly and by the .Spirit of the Lord oii many important injects ana duties Prest. Harriet bnow, proposed con fere nceTn-jiDT- rw iourn for three, months, Singing, "Lord dis miss us with Thy blessing." Benediction b -- Bishop Harper. use." Prayed God to ble.--s us and fit us for sA r the subjt eis .of faith and integrity, every duty. , and urged upon the the need ofstudy, Jane Andrews sung most beautifully , tfie and applying the trukadearned.and truths the exquiite piece; VgiruihgT "Fading away -. in revealed through the servants of God, their Ijke the stars of the. morning." Sister M. A. Taylor ; Pre.-1-. of Juab-branclives, and that they .might comprehend-- for themselves and be able to impart and explain R. S. made seme, good remarks, ami reported the principle cf our faith to our children, t that they had no poor in their ward, but the il .t fam and hose who us sisters visit to were d(ring all they could for the Temour froim its, time to time, that we might show to the world ple. : "Sister we were not the degraded, and EfB. Wells spoke of the many duties women we were representedv-T- tf be by our devolving ; upon us in-- this' dispensation, and tnemies. Spoke of the many the little time we have to accomplish the great enjoyed work; much was required, and we Wr uld .have by .Jihe women of Zion as compared with' the the women of world; referred to the interpretastrength given' us tqual to our. day. and its bur-de- i s. "We sbouhl help each other, and conthe judges; and the courts here, and the cruelty it inflicted sider other's rights as sacred and as much to be respected as our own. Put away selfishness upon men, women an"d children, ir imprisonthe homes and and and the love of pleasure, ment cultivate all the breaking up of sacred ties. Gave ai:d a heart of brief case the of account mind; make our family higher qualities homes the most attractive places in the world Snow, as argued before the After 4 o'clock a number of the sisters met of Apostle.-Lorenzt of the UniteStates, andjier for our children and those we love. Everyat the residence of Sister Sarah, Show, where, Supreme-Courhad well filled to the decision given alter the holiness belongs baskets ideas of reference number in principle of truth, virtue-apreviously, a to the Gospel. Some homts have been broken been secreted; we Had confided in "Aunt Zina," hearing- - Alluded to the franchise and the un which it had been taken, but so. that she secured our beloved "Aunt Harriet" up, and'it has caused sorrow and trouble; some God outside of should the hand we sue while to care Of our sisters are exiles because? of having acknowledge at home,-anstepped even in.,thisExhorted Tthe sisters, to let no for obeyed a higher law, and nthey need our sym: with happy self invited guests. When "Aunt opportunity pass where they could be the pathy,;and a little neip trom tnose who are and Harriet" returned she was greeted with the means of doing good, prayed we might able to give, and we fhall be blest in giving. There has been very liberal donatiaus in this singing vpf "We thank' Thee,, 0 God, for a have wisdom to guide us in all things. Sister A ggard, President of the Levan branch Stake, and it Prophetiafter whichjSisterJkVitierrrgteppd forward' and said, "We congratulate yu, of the Relief Society, gave a good report f its in ver as well as the receiver.'' Touched u pou other subjects of interest. Aunt Harriet, on your" 68th birthday," and all condition, and thought the majority of the sisPrest. Pitchforth felt it. had been a time of around came, "May your last days be your ters there were striving to do their. duty and live their religion. Prayed that we might have refreshing to all that had attended the confer-encbest." "Aunt Harriet" looked the very picture With much merriment the table wisdom to guide us to do righfat all times. andfxpressed the pleasure she felt in "surprise. the a, "On rnountaiu tops appearing, delicious was spread, or rather crowded, with performinjr her duties and labors for tHf cood Singing, of her -- sisters, and in veiling the several supper, and a few hours were passed in true etc Benediction by Bro. Knight. chfj fl f hlpst' snnkp of flip rlufipq nmJ hraitic "happiness, tne oDject iuny reanzeo, to lenuer a Afternoon session; Quite large congregaour love and confidence in our President, Sister responsibilities devolving upon the Relief Soforth tion were ten conducting present, ,PrejJi Harriet Snow, and which was made doubly, en ciety, and encouraged the sisters in a very the" usual exercises of the meetinAtter happy mauner to press. forward in th ir labors; jnyableby the presence of our beloved Sister, was offered by Patriarch J. singing, prayer advised them to store up grain, a d to be kind, Zina D. H. Young. followed. by the G. choir, by Singing Bigler. Emilia D. Mads en, Cor. Sec. gentle, amiable, and polite to all, and seek to Sister Ty udall, who reported the Moua branch put into practice the good instructions they in a flourishing condition: Said the Presias had heard during the conference. Asked. God. JUAB STAKE. dent, Sister Eliza Sunierviile, was not able to to bless them and give them His Holy Spirit attend the conference. The Relief Society Conference of the all times. , at Sister E. S. Taylor addressed the meeting. of Zim was held in the meeting house The officers of the Relief Society ofhe Said there were many who had. had a greater Stake were then : at Nephi, on Friday, Sept. 23rd, 1887, Sister presented, and sustained unani- '1 bu t we si all After thought experience ngi ngpresid ing. of . MaryPkcbforth hranrJipq .trtAnll. , tilj . ... - . -- offered u and o Conk we r of own had a wor must Udall. , was ":' history by Bishop prayer in the stake. . : tinued with singing by the choir,Nfollowed by out our own salvation, and she was glad that Conference was adjourned for three mouths. we must, because no one could take our glory the reading of the minutes of the previous Singing by the choir, a piece to the memory of from us. "We must all work, and the place conference by Coun. Amy L. Bigler, the SecrePresident Taylor, entitled, "Gone to. His Rest." societiesis is in work our also It for natural to of absent, reading tary being necessarily Benediction by Elder L. A. Bailey. women to be sympathetic and look after the : reports from the several branches. Prest. Pitchforth made appropriate opening needy and help those who are not as well situV. A. JUAli SIAKK. remarks; rejoiced to see the faces of the sisters ated as they are. I believe every woman who of the Primary Associations present, but hoped there would be a better is in goooTstairdiug in the Chii'ch'should be a attendance in the afternoon. Exhorted all to member of the Relief Society, because it is a of Juab Stake was- held in the meetinghouse put their trust in God; mentioued that Sisters place to improve; plead with all who are not at Nephi, Sept. 24th, 1887, at 10 a.m., Mrs. M. E. B. Wells and E. S. Taylor were present -- identified with the Society to come and be one A. Cazier presiding, and Coun. Caroline Bigler On the stand were Sisters Mary Did not think a present. with us, and not put ltofi. lrom Salt Lake City, ' Sister Rebecca Udall reported ; the. Nephi man upon a foreign mission had a greater rePitchforth, E. B. Wells, E. S. Taylor and branch of the R lief Society; said they had a sponsibility resting upon him than a wife or several others; also Patriarch J. G. Bigler and faithful company of teachers; thanked the, mother "God expects us to render unto tlim other brethren. ' Meeting opened with singing an account of how we have trained those imbrethren and sisters for the liberaldonations, by the children, "Don't kill the birds." Prayer b Patriarch Bigler, then the was off-rewhich supplied the wants of the needy; made mortal souls He has entrust d to our care. Are "children some explanations in regard to the property your children in the Sabbath School, in the sung, "Joseph Smith's First Player." A few opening remarks were made by the reported, and Very good remarks in reference Primary, or where are they, in the day school? to duties and bit ssings. It is a cryiugshame in Zion, that our children President, and the minutes of the previ Vus conference were read and approved. Reports Coun. Maranda Bryan exhorted the sisters are sent to schools where they are: taught that to faithfulness, and to strive to build each our leaders'are the great false prophets of the from the several Primaries in the Stake were other up, and not bear malice towards any one. last days." Spoke at some length upon the also read, and the President announced the "We have every encouragement to press for Manuscript rearing of our children, and allowing them to programme for the occasion: Ward South ward and do right. I always love to meet drift away from the principles of the Gospel; Nephi, entitled, paper from the "The-Busol, y Bee,"-V4; is much required of us as mothers, lrNb. Motto, 'Obe- said there "withTmy sisters and look upouTlheif beautiful dieuce," as read by Miss Stella Nelf, Editress; aces; they always look beautiful to me, and I sisters or friends. Spoke against feel it will be a great joy for us to meet with with theauthorities, and upon celestial marriage, Manuscript paper from the North Ward Nephi, each other in the next world." Hoped all that it "waa. a correct priuci)le, and no one "ThrPrimary Journal," Vol. 1. No. 4. Motto, would be willing to perform their duties at all could speak against it and have a good spirit. "Cliatity and Virtue," by Miss Rosa Bailey, Elitress. The programme was carried out, God to bless each and every Exhorted mothers to be kind to their sons and times, and consi-tinone. g of songs, recitations and essays, the . laughters, and thereby draw them near to The hymn, "The Kingdom .of God, was them. "The times of trial through which we childreu performing their parts very creditably, Grace, who has long been known are passing are not pleasant, but it is .what and showing that there was excellent talent to 8ung b) Si-tas one of the sweet singers in Israel. be developed among the little people; the sing- purifies lis and makes, us fit for the Master's hearts;-comfor- t lister E. B. Wells them addressed the roeet-iug.npp- n . " 1 , si-te- rs Si-f- er r h . dovyn-tfodde- u - blet-sing- s -- r-u- -- - - , . mi believed just-way'i- d her-chicken- s, a wculd-prve-uiJUlesingit()l- - 't7i - A .... he e, -- - . " thau-she-h- - i - adr tfrp-rrfftpr- j;i tl-tv- ral , The-conferen-ce , , d , , fault-findin- g , d er 