WOMAN'S' EXPONENT. IT IS WELL. Yes, it is well were matched so (he he found. . , . eyninj; shadows lengthen; Home's golden gntes shine. on ouFnlrishc'd sight; And though the tender ties wC'try to strengthen Break 'one by pne-atevening .'timo-- 't is IiVht, ' 'Tis well "' The way was often dull and weary' The spirit fainted its load; ' 'No sunshine came from skios all gray and dreary And yet our feet were bound to, tre.id that road! ' lis well that riot again our hearts shall shiver old Beneath sorrows once so hard to bear;' " ' That not again beside death's darksome river I Shall we deplore the g..(J 1, tke loved, the fair. ! . ! i , . 1 .. ;, .'. ' were employed ex- -- .... j , . ti e ;beckon i ng- w it ! rthrtr-sm- es divine i' 'Tis well!. The earth, with al! her myriad voices, Has lost the power our senses to enthrall. We hear, above the tumult and the noises, ' Soft tones of music, like an angel's call. - - friends We should not turn retracing' 'Tis ire'l.-vain The long, years, nor call our lost youth back; with r'-spirits braced, the future facing, Gladly, "" We leave behind the dusty, track. O ! fgut-wor- n Chiunbcrs' Journal VARIOUS QUALIFICATIONS My forte was needlework, to which I was fairly drilled, my first lessons beginning when was so cman uour years oi age; mat ma 1 .11 edge so mat my used to seat. me onS.l ine laoie work might be nearer her own eyes. My very fond ami indulgent father provided me with a go d t hi no b e, m at! e by a Spanish" j e wel err from the mines, a nutlet he had himself taken-frofor he was very proud of my desire. to learn to sew.. Afterward came long lessons from a lady teacher or governess, who also taught me my books' singing and dancing. I remember that it used to seem a long way across one end or a nankin or a handkerchief, and. I would often i 1 . 1 ouit when half way across the first end, and proceed to the other end, foolishly fancying that thus I was getting along faster by so doing. Tkn norSAillfr ami nnunntlv finished work brought kindly criticism and increaseof work, so that by the time I was eight years old I do and .over" seams hp'lip.vp thnr nil the hemrninof of shppt. n'nd nil low eases, all the ' P '. m II runles, towels, nandKercmers aprons aim lame linen were considered mn work. I am sure my mother never realized "the silent weariness I toiled through during ray regular hours of sewing before 1 won at last her "very well, now you can read or pjay" . Imp-"ove- 1 r 1 1 Next came the lessons in . "backstitching,"-thread- s liqe-shou- ld r.himr had tO bad " n('tni OPprV i ci tv l itrb'b j "marked'' by needle and thread, and 1 used to feel very proud over the initials worked by my own hand, but now I can see it was needless vi aj - T ahmii twelve. 'mv mother had in .... "" I nr ninn.r..viv on r,i 0im i'mslci, umr.. very pattern' or' neatness ami gou remember that Sarah combed her- hair with but exactly the same precision every morning, took ' WKpii T w ill-.- ., . - "it .seemed to me she special pride in a fresh odlar and white apron, pertain evenings of hers were devoted to patching, with such skill that checked or figured patterns on wash-dav- s - . I ; - Before we left California, an old French shepherd came to ma' and said lie understood the people in Utah practiced knittiug, spinning and wvaviug, and he desired to present to ner three fine fleeces from his best merino lambs, which he hoped she would have converted into yarn for per own Hosiery, inese ueuguuui feminine occupations he had not witnessed since leaving his own country, and he was rethe Morjoiced tojiedr of their practice among mon people, and felt that their primitive habits and industry must Insure their happiness and wealth. Ma accepted the fleeces with much the Frenchman's sentiments appreciation towards our people, and on arriving at St. the intense cold) George (reminded perhaps fy soon had them converted into yarn. I watched the carding' and spinning with deep interest, with the hiring of the knittipg of hose. by doing it myselfsix splendid pairs Ma knit?" to 'Now,ren't you glad I learned rny zeal that she bought was wo" influenced me a spinning wheel, but somehow I could not finer work than get the knack of doing any This doubling and twisting carpet yarn. kind neighfailure I very much regretted, after vain. in Economy bors had spent much time weave at to of material prevented my learning this time, but a kind sister promised me that mind when she had some material she didn't Otlfl ..1.1 lrlllic tf tfV rviv vratin sne woum ieijuc ""1 ?j teach me. I waited" vchioh never came, but I would even yet like to learn: I should be proud of cloth or carpet " . of mv own weaving. I look around upon my almost idle young ana no fr,uU their cardboard work, ctiemue (no :i satin, u..n or tniiintingy mhrnidnrv. ,. 'm uiuv.....-.-,. -- and-intefere- the being drawn out of the cloth so be straight, and. the stitches taken uni-- ( up two threads back each time to insure formitv of annearance. Then came "sampler liirvt.!'. fi scenes- . 1 1 lifnrrttbmmiw; .....Uv.rk in sifht). and think of their lackcloth- of knowledge in cutting out and making - 1 . . inidlv . .' . of the gate he kicked the dog, and when she went into tho kitchen to wipe away the gathering tears, the .toe of her pretty slipper caught in the braid that was coming unsewed from" the hem of 'her wrapjier, ami tha .saucepan handle caught in the uiunehded hole in her apron, and the green peas "rolled all over the floor, besides scalding her pet kitten. 1 looked in her prettv workbasket, and wondered when -.The ribnori work eli aTF Udy7 ITrr J ohii ch a i r would get finished; and couldn't help thinking! . . i illoe n! sne wouiu turn now inucn pt'tter u wouki her attention to plain work, and say, with a will. "If I must do homelv work. I want it to be a credit tome." Shall I lell "how a certain young mau de-o- , id ui wh i h ir i r lo t a k i . 1 1 e ( i d n o'L k n o w exactly, and hinted a little for advice from his grandmother. "Well, Dan," said she, "you just fnh up .some" errand and go around both earlv in the morning, before breakfast placf-once or. twice, and see what you think afternext 'morning Dan called at ward," Jenny's father's back door, inquiring, for him. A cloud of smoke, issuing from an open oven ,J,.,v ...1..1... I. ..,11., luirnl- uatvu aC n intuit. it;vian:u a ua'Jij wuutb K,.nll iiutu, ',.... in unbuttoned Without seeing him, Jenny, sJiouj, Hiring- )ior Apron for an hohlpr. with flushed face, frowsy hair and cross ejaculations, hurried-ou- t ami threw the wholeJnto th swill , i ; i ii. i d 1 ( V 1 s - 1 1 anil-embroideri- -f- ." 1 at variance with the nlain design, and puckered all round the 'i edges, and. he tried to smooth out the puckers, and c iuldn't. und tried to draw those and they diagonal striju-d he her and she'looked at wouldn't.tttid look; at there could one.and him,and his coat was a short ' : 11 i : t.'i. - i i' I. - iJ - or no (iisgiusc, (u jut nceiueworK, now (uryon think they T' lt? Well, when .Johu went out jdiagonaLiKiteheivere put . - Next came crochet work and plain embroidery, and from then till I 'was twenty, I never b. Might a yard of trimming, but made enough ar-ns. all, veu hem.sti idling our handkerchiefs, a dozen at a time, our mother occasionally presenting, us with a very fine one. So iubued was I with the spirit. of industry, t!iat I besouglit ma to teach me knitting. She laughed at first, for the climate wa so warm that no one thought of wearing knitted but 'as' we looked forward to corn i.ug to Utah some day, I thought knitting and straw braiding might as well .He learned. My dear mother at last yielded, and "set up" for me a stocking of fine cotton yarn on fine needles, for I wanted the work to look nice. But oh, how tedious it was! Bv the time I got down Jo the; heel, ma could. not be bothered, and I set out among some old- fashioned friends and learn- (1 the heel and toe. I endured many facetious allusions, and had many relapses of zeal, but pushed on to the glorious end, and had m v triumph among other As sweeter air comes from the shores immortal, Inviting homeward at the day's decline;". from-thAlmost we open portal J- ; .- ' ; i''air 'forms-tant- -- -- ' 1 """"" 1 v J f-- set-wher- 1 -- No'more,. with tears wrought .romdeep inner anguish'" Shall we bewail the dear hopes crushed and troiie-Nin Jre n ee we in doubt or to languish, So far the day is past, the journey done. As voyagers, by fierce winds beat'and broken, Come into port beneath tin: calmer sky. So we, still bearing cm our brows the token Of tempest past, draw to our haven nigh. iug, and contemplate how prominent, a figure the hin d seamstress will be in the future family circles of these dear girls. 1 fear their, late lessons plain needle work will be trials. Don't I know a vely y o ng w i fe, w hose d ear John was out" of employment, and whose best pantaloons of diagonal .striped material had to be partially 'reseated? And when those . clusively in stocking darning, and so important -- was the expression she : wore, that I regarded - 'the art. as of thehighest dignity, and soon ventured to a.k for instruction. Sarah 'deferred the condescension until she found, piece' f leg for my lemons, hut wljiich opportunity.-!- .most humblv accented IP llllll (lirtn.Hrna u "1 J " luilt 13 promoted to practice upon heel. and toe. Dear good Sarah! what a shaking and scold-- ' he me once, when, catching the lever gave itg of her "scouring" example; too,' began upon a pie. plate. Snatching" it from me she showed me how to scour it, round and round from the outer eLe iij lessening circles to the very centre of the date, where she gave it a most profe.sshnaL twist. This7 I was assured, was the correct and only way that tinware should be K'oured. Knives were to be scoured length-.wise- - . that. the place could hardly serial iv, other evenings 39 . 1 ' - 1 - - pail, Dan hurried away, surprised, and pursued his way t the. home of Annie Brown. Answer- - , big to his knock, i he door was opened, and Annie, with pleasant smile, smooth hair and clean apron, was carefully cleaning the inside ot the bread bowl clear to tne ooitom. iius mouldthe bowl, she away done, carefully put flour scoop and rolling pin. On-thboard, ing hearth a pan of golden biscuit looked very tempting, the ham and eggs were done just right, and as. Annie wiped her hands, her father's voice was heard in the hall calling the family to prayers and breakfast- Dan excused himself, promising to call dater in the day. He hurried home and told his grandmother. "T don't think you need any advice now," she said, laughiig,'"you know now just what kind of a home you'd have with either." Then shQ, told him of a young Scotchman .who, by dint of industry and economy, had amassed a comfortable little fortune, and con- templated marriage; During an eveuin'g's visit, his sweetheart arose and filled ih,?' stove crowding full of coal. Allan looked at her in thoughtful silence a little while, then rose to go. She yoked up at him hi wonder, ind he answered her seriously and kindly: "Bessie, I have "seen enough to take warning in time. You would waste 'my earnings 8 fast as I could bring hem-- in to shut my eyes to this. now, I would have to see it all my life afler." "You think more of bitterly retorted your money than of me," lavi-it upon yon Bessie. "No, la.s,.I could in comforts, but in waste, never! Goodbye." "Another time, Dan, I'll tell yoif other stories, and true ones, too.". e - . j ; 1 h Augusta Joyce Ckocheroj. . 