''omen Vol. 15. jALT ..LAKE CITY, UTAH, APRIL BEAUTIFUL TJMPLE OF GOD. Tut the carep. pf the world-asidfor a time g down each And lay load, .' To discharge for your kindred the dutiss sublime In the beautiful temple of God. e ' vf all Nations. .1887. 1 1UBLE PROPHECY " No. 31; the axe boast itself against "hira that heweth therewith? or shall the saw magnify itself against him that shaketh it?" etc. He u doing this work, although we sometimes think that, some very rough tools are being made use of; the Lord holds them with a rein, and they will go just as far. as lie. will let them and no In the same chapter, 24th verse: farther. "Therefore, thus saith the Lord of hosts, my i people that dwell in Zion bo not afraid of tho Assyrian; he shall smite theo 'with a rod, and shall lift up his staff against thee after the manlier of Egypt, for yet a very little while, and the imlignatioii slitll cease, "and mine nnger in their destruction and the Lord of Hosts' shall stir up a scourge for him according to the slaughter, of Midian at. the rock of Oreb, and as his rod was upon the sea, so shall ho lift it up alter the manner of Kgypt, and it shall come to pass in that day that his burden shall be taken from j)ff thy shoulder, and his yoke from off ihy heck, and the yoke shall bo destroyed because of the anointing." There are many, things to which the Saints can look forward to for comfort in this trying time, and Ut us pray that God will hasten the day when the yoke will be destroyed, and let us all strive to stand faithful "until that time comes, when the Lord's auointed will come out of their hiding places, and from within prison . walls, and will rejoice .with, their wives and children, and again teach this'glorious plan of Isaiah, chapter x: "Woe! unto them that decree unrighteous decrees, and that "write grievioushess which they have prescribed to turn away the needy from judgment, and to CHORUS: takeaway the rights from the: poor of my Beautiful templef Beautiful temnln people, thajt widows may be their prey and ' Beautiful temple'of God. ' that they may rob the fatherless!" Where the life and the power, that Elijah inspires, "And what will ye "do irV the day of visitaWill bring forth the dust from the sod,' tion and in the desolation which will come When the hearts of the children are turned to the sires, from afar? To whom will vr P'fi' for In the beautiful temple of God. and where will, ye leave your glory?" ;: Cho. : The above to the Latter-da- y Saints needs no for comments know that through Where the feet of the proud and the steps of the meek they fully the unrighteous decrees known as the Edmunds Am directed in one narrow road," and EdmuhdsTucke'r bills, that the needy That forth the union and love we. should seek have been turned away from judgment, for how In the beautiful temple of God. many times have our , brethren and sisters Cho. gone to the ruler3 of this nation-anplead ' Where the prayer of faith can arise from the their cause, for they' were in need of justice, soul, And ascend to Jehovah's abode, and does; not this unrighteous decree take away And the humble and faithful are the reaching the rights from the poor of this people, anil are goal They aspire to in temples of God. left without their fathers,-anV Cho. robbed of the necessary support that their fathers Jiave. earned for them? Surely they do On the Ladder of which the Patriarch dreamed, rob the fatherless, when kind fathers are The feet of the angels had trod, snatched from their wive3 and children and The IivmS are crowned and the dead arc redeemed ' thrust into prison,-and- " their property sold to "In the beautiful temple of God. And were not the ' pay an uulawful .fine. Cho. women the wives of. those men, true to their Where the echoes of heaven respond to the heart. of jnen ,and religion and their. GDiLthey would surely fall lifa- and sal vationto-theIcliildrTo dispel aU the cares that corrode, to see we the will who rob are that a prey to those robbers, Canaanites, they will no trying ' And the curse from the earth has .begun, to them of the loving care and protection of their longer ask for help from their enemies, but, "It depart, In the beautiful temple of God. V .husbands,, thinking that: Jheymighi Jhereby shall come to. pass in that day that the remnant ''-..cho. V;. .. '' drag them into th'e mire that thousands of of Israel and such as are escaped of the house of Jacob will no more stay upon him that women ate degraded into who live much "nearer Where the bright Lamp of Life and the Tree in its bloom, -- Edmunds and - other great men of smote them but will stay unon tha. Holy One "With the oil of salvation's bestowed, the world, than do the Mormon women, but of Israel in truth." And the' kingdom- shall And the wise are preparing meet the Bridegroom - . their object will fa" i I here, for the. Mormon grow, and the little stone which Daniel aa-In the beautiful temple of God. will roll until irfills the whole earth, they women are virtuous and ' Cho. ". have entered into their marriage relations in will make room for it, antL it will break in ' Where'dressed in the bright robes of glory we seemed, obedience to the commandment of God, and pieces all other kingdoms. With the sandals of righteousness, shod; The Constitution of the United States has they are willing to leave the outcome in His the of And fanned by the zephyrs of spirits redeemed; hand ha'nds, for they know that the" already been broken upon it, and the senate is He In the beautiful temple of God. that and representative men of this nation are diLord is in this present persecution, -to vided in their opinions and judgment, and 7Cho. only using His enemies as a tool wherewith same in the their sense of justice is broken and divided be purify His people, for He says Like the ador of Aaron's anointing so sweet, cause of it, and tney will be confused and r.hanter. verse 12. "Wherefore, it .shall come Was the comfort and blessing that flowed darkened and troubled, and men's hearts to pass, that when the Lord hath performed From the crown of the head, to the sol.es of the feet, on and Zion ehall fail them, and the inhabitants of the His whole work upon. Mount In the beautiful temple of God. ' Jerusalem, I will punish the fruit of the stout earth will be shaken and destroyed. The Lord ; Cho. heart of the king of Assyria, and the glory of will open up a passage for His people, and they will be delivered from bondage, even as he Where the pure balm of Gilead is soothing the breast," his high looks." a passage through the Red Sea for And wafting its fragrance abroad. "For he saitrvBy the strength of ray hand opened ' A deliverer will Bespeaking the glorious coming of Christ have I done it, and by my wisdom, for I am His people in ancient days. To the beautiful temple of God. bounds of the the Lord prepare for His people, "And the . prudent, and I have removed the ' ' and Cho.. Spirit of the Lord will rest upon him, .and the people, and I have robbed their treasures, spi rit of wisdom and of understanding, the have put down the- inhabitants like a valiant T the spirit of Where the'wealcand infirm are restored to theif healthy and and my hand hath found as a nest the spirit of counseLfear ofmight, man, the Lord; and shall W'hen with pain and affliction they're bowed, gatheredL eggs knowledge and the riches' of the people; and as1 one 11 nil i And they offer their thanks for such priceless wealth' of understanding in,. the fear au tne eariu vu make him quick" have are that left, gathered In the beautiful temple of God. ; ove of the Lord, and he shall not judge after the was none th ..they, have) and there siffht of. his. .eyes, neither Teprove after the the wing, or opened the mouth'or peeped. hearinc of his ears; but with "righteousness navmg The present- Where the jewels of worth can belaid up in heaven, he ludffetheTToor, and reprove with equity - WnmP. ft law. we will see the above prophecy When we walk by the bright iron rod; for the meek of the earth, and he ehall smite cannot that blind is so they who for Where the keys and the powers of the priesthood are given, fulfilled, his mouth, and with of the the earth with the rod of In the beautiful temple of God. see that it is a plan to rob the treasures the' breath of his lips shall he slay the wicked." .will acknowledge we this in Cho. still ; .people; J)iit With joy the Saints look forth to that day, anotner in as prophecrof of God, hand the which is nigh at hand, for the Lord has said, .Where the triumphs'of Jesus will bring forth the dead, Isaiah He plainly warns the church the heaven3 and the earth pass away, "Though From the precious se.ed that is sewed, the and of because pride; them shall befall words will not pass away." And with glory and song the redeemed will be led His people to be humble, and a my Lord Somanthia T. Boise. requires to Him, and yet Through the beautiful temples of God. not is heart pleasing proud Cho. Mana3sa, Colorado. loth verse: fcnall a same the in chapter, He says Janette Baton. earth-bindin- - " -- . 11 hf-l- ; ' ; .'. f o : - will-brin- -- ' d " - ' not-ohildr- en d . ' ' - - r- ' : - n. " -to-- Senator - , God-fearin- - fur-Go- g; .' -- - ' . ' 5 7, - ' their-mind- s . " . , ; - - - . 1 I ..... dmund3-.Tucker,o- Ihll ui - , : of-wha- -- 1 t 