WOMAN'S EXPONENT. !hn has had a wide experience in the world may .WOMAN'S MI 0i betaken as authority, and stimulate those who are B N T. , Luke city, Utah Terms: Published semimonthly, In , one" UvO-copy six months, $1.00. Ten one copy one ye. r. nine. copies for the price of of nonpareil Advertising rates: Each Pquftrc. ton lines discount A liberal ?pace, one time. JAM; per month, $3.00. o regular advertisers. . Exponent' office. No. 23 E.. South Temple Street, second Business hours from 10 n.m . Of Doseret New Office. orata eat o & p.m. every day, except Sunday. Address all busine communications to PUBLISHED WONIAN'3 EXPONENT, !: " Salt Lake City. Utah. Lake City, . EDITORIAL NOTES. The Quarterly Conference of the Relief Society of this Stake will be held inthe 14th Ward Assembly Rooms, on Thursday, June 23rd, commencing at. 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. A punctual attendance of presidents and officers from the several branches is most desirable, but at any rate a representative from each Society, as verbal reports are ex- - pected. ' : . June i, 1887 THE FIRST OF JUNE. ' . The Y,'L. M. I. Salt A will hold their conference on the following day, Friday, the 94th, commencing at the same hours. It is most earnestly desired that there should be a good representation, and that "each Association should be represented verbally by the respective president or one presiding officers. The Primary Associations will hold their Conference on Saturday, June "25th, it is expected in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall, and as it is aHeautiful "seas 6 n of i he yea rpt here 'ought to be a large num ber of children present. iThere will no doubt be an interesting programme prepared for and the parents should be sufficiently inter-esteand to those who labor so nobly, efficiently and energetically to train the children of the Saints. of-th- e the first of June, is the anniversary of the birth of the late President Brigham Young, one of the greatest and best men that ever lived upon the earth. Brigham Young was born in i8or, years old were Jie aridconsequentlyjwoul now living. He died in 1877, and during the ten years his name and and fame has been more widely circulated as each year has rolled by, like that of other wise men and prophets, whom succeed To-da- -- laboring in its interest, Editor. EM ME LISP. O. WELLS, y, the-occa-si- d ing generations applaud,7 thWgrrhelrcontempo-rarie- s may have persecuted or put them to cleath. Brigham Young's name and works will be honored down to the latest generations., Brigham Young favored woman's suffrage, beIN MEMORIAM. lieved that women should have the privilege of voting on all questions and held liberal views in A TRIBUTE OF LOVE. in and the home of women to the rights regard elsewhere. He was anxious, that the women of "Bring flowers, pale flowers, o'er the bier to shed, Zion should, have a paper which should be the A -- crown for the brow of the early dead! For this through its leaves hath the white rose burst, exponent of their views upon all the important and the of the to sisters For this in the woo 's was the violet nursed; age, urged questions - sentiments theirto free expression give Though they smile in" vain for what once was ours, through ts col umns fhey re- - love The first number of the Woman's Exponent In the flowery month of May, when nature had was Issued on- - his birthday, June 1 ; 1 872, and he donned her beautiful apparel, and the whole earth approved Us name and always seemed to take a seemed radiant with springtime one lovely flow-e-r special interest in its circulation among the peo-"pl- e faded away and died; one of a numerous housebelieving in the elevattg4fvilttenef-wema- n hold band," beloved and loving, tender and aliec-tionatIn literature and politics as well as in religion. kind and generous, possessed of large hu"Educate the mothers," was one of his favorite man sympathv, unselfish and ever thoughtful of themes in conversation and upon the public others, never forgetting the poor, the sick and the stand. That President took ' a Young sorrowful. n great interest in the Exponent is a Just when the evening sun was setting, and the fact, and readit carefully, often m tking suggestions purple mantle of its reflected light rested like a as to the subjects lo be treated upon, although he veil on the Eastern hillsshe Was lajdaway in the had such grave responsibilities res fog upon him, silent tomb... Sad and sorrowful were the hearts and so much business to attend to. He was one of the mourners, and their sobsand moans were of those, who never neglected even the smallest pitiful, but they bowed to the, inevitable and tried' matters, and that was no doubt one of the elements hard to say, "He who tempers the wind to the ' . & of his success. shorn lamb, and who has said not a sparrow falls The Exponent is ndw entering upon another to the ground without His notice, has.takn her volume, and it is our wish and desire and ardent to Himself, and though we are sore bereft, yetr we Hope, tht during the present year there may be a ' know doeth all things well.'' Her lie grave was decided improvement in its appearance. There covered with the beautiful flowers of .May, the certainly will be if the agents in the several wards dowers she loved so dearly, emblems of afTection- and Stakes of Zion will increase their energy in ate remembrance from true and faithful friends obtaining subscribers. If thev will keep in mind It is needless 'to multiply words; but it is Mn soliciting right patronage that it is not a paper that is and proper to record the death of one who has sustained by advertising, but almost entirely by Is so often written for the readers of the Exponent, subscription list. It is a mot entirely rea ling who will doubtless remember her letters from and . matter, not page after page of advertisements; Nauvoo, Kirila'nd, and other parts of the Eastern' this is an item to be considered.--- Recently a letter d tilingJieT-v- 4i htreetaTFsurTSST aUhis-offrce- -f sasj-cceiverompTesidenToT"c7rTe T.nnisp .... MirtK-- i WMo tn3 aunun, or as sne was of the Stakes of Zion, who speaks of the ExpoloyinglycanedLouie;- - was '"ther daughteTof nent Jike General D. HI and Mrs. E. B. Wells, and was a decided improvement 'in all such families. Sisborn in Salt Lake City, Utah, August 271862. ters, either married or single, are in advance of Her from her disposition, earliest those where the Exponent is not found," etc. Ve childhood, was tender and amiable gentle, her ; nature refined and publish this to encourage those who may be disher manners winning and attractive. sensitive, couraged in making efforts to extend the circulas She was in tion of the paper. specially gifted; her ardent love of music, her taste for art studies, her Such testimony coming froin one of our brethren genuine admiration for the beautiful and poetic in , -- j Vlasift--4ring-yfe-owers,-rleHlower- si- e, -- " y well-know- . combined nature, and her jntellectual qualities to all with her. goodness of heart, endeared her with who knew her, and she was a special favorite children. , Sfie died of .dropsy, in San Francisco, Cal., whither she had gone, Dec. 29th, 1886, on a visit to her s of May 16,1887, aged 24 years, 8 months and 19 three months days'. Though sufTeiing for about the most agonizing pain"almost constantly, she. never complained, her patience and fortitude was often remarked upon by the 'physicians who her. She spoke of. death with the greatest composure, though she made, as the physicians termed it i'a bravefigKFfor her life." Her mother was by her side constantly during the last five weeks of her life, and to her, and also to her sishad ter, she spoke tenderly of all those whom she known and loved, that she had not theprivilege of seeinz, to say "Farewell.' She died in the full faith of the Gospel, and with a firm. belief in all its principles. She passed away suddenly at last, without a struggle or a moan, and only once when letters arrived by the morning mail, and her sister called to her to look, and putting the letters in her hands said, "Look, Lulu, look! here are the letters x- - " "you wanted ' Vsri e ope riecTvvI d e h er" beaut fu ; e pressive eyes as though she knew and: realized it aid forever. all, and then closed them Her remains were brought to this city, arriving he7eMayi2TsT,cOmpanied by her mother and husband. The funeral services were held at 4 o'clock p.m. at the residence of her husband,. John Q. Cannon, President Angus M. Cannon pre- siding. ATew of her dear friends of the Tabernacle choir to which she had belonged for years) under the direction of Prof. Beesley, and accompanied by Prof. Daynes at the organ, opened the services by singing, at-tend- ed " i ! 1 . "Unveil thy bosom, Lithful tomb." Prayer was offered by Bishop H. B. Clawson. Choir sang, " - v . "Rest on th e hillside, rest.'' Remarks were then jTnadjsby Bishop O. F. Whitney ;.nd Prest. Cannon, and the Choir rendered the selection, "Nearer, my God, to Thee." The benediction was pronounced by her brother, Elder Junius F. Wells. The casket con-- . taining her mortal remains was literally embowered in flowers, many of them jpure white, and all most One very elegant cross artistically arranged. " and crown, , all pure white, intermingled with " green leaves, was presented by the Unity Club "r of which she was a member. An unique monument, of flowers "with the name MLouie" at the 'fop in heliotrope in oval form was given By the the Careless Opera Company, and there was also an exquisite pillow of the softest and purest white flowers with "Louie" in scarlet geranium blosoms in the center. Large bouquets of snowballs gracefully lied with pure white ribbon and garlands and festoons of various kinds lepresenting music and art were given by dear sisters, and friends.' Her brothers and brothers-in-labore the coffin from the..house and when the cortege arrived at the grave,the choir rendered again that exquisite hymn, "Rest on the hillside rest." -- -- , w -- : hh u.a lhsfYour-paerr.wbcrevertak:ehITi- nd many-respect- r The grave was dedicated and consecrated by Prest. Abram H. Cannon, in a most tender nrliouchins: prayer. Not until all was over and the grave was covered with the fresh earth did the m 0 u r n I n g friend si eave th e place w here rested on e so dearly loved. Louie lies by the side of her sister Emmie, who died nine years before, and next her is Dessie, another of her sisters.who died Jan. 1886, since the aged father has been absent from his home. c. -- - "The loved and lost!" Why do we call them lost, Because we miss them" from our onward road? God's unieen angel o'er our pathway crc ssed, ' 