WOMAN'S EXPONENT. each one can examine themselves. The "freaV it eovereth a multitude of charity; do to must others as we would that we sins; est gift. is. , -- they should do to us. No one cau do the work 7 for us; each one has: to do her part, and stand - -- - e ., , - to lolat, a,l : grand are tne pruiciples ot our. holy religion, how blessed are we to be chosen from and . HIST t ltlOTl-n,' uu ,1:... a v V, allLY vice lii a among the many-t- o labor in the. Lord's vineReferred to W,M. present" fulfilment" of yard for.- the establishment of theso iilorioui prophecy; - be) ,eved the Morm.m iris the "truths in th(V "hnrt.s nf tUo fir .l.iiirrl.Toj J t 1 ' A h,.v 4 1 . - --- 'utcsi,... -.1 a of hm-- n! with hnc naa met in the world, EncouTcd 1 jiv - L:- Israel. .;"' r,We should indeed of such a mission, .and, sensing its importance, should ever insnire our hearts, stimnlatn mir nntmna VIIWLIO I elevate our ambitions and direct our cnertries. to prove to our Heavenly father, angels" and J feel-pro- then,, through prayer and watchfulneto. jorti y themselves, temptation. of the c.ymfnan.lment, .Honor thy parents," and claim, the blosin promised as a reward., ..Condemned ti.rht lacing and other practices atusiug the laws of neaitn, and advised the cultivation fif l a.-ain.-t .. - the".-helm'- all.,?l rr on her owu individuality; I thank "find fV.r ir ..Every good act the Lord will reward, Tor He is just,' as Sister Wells said, 'If we always had justice we should not be tried at all.' " Spoke of the beauty of wives putting themselves into '.each other's place; "do to others as you would like to be done : by; the same with hose who' , have help, and those wdio' work for others- weare an senisn, uui we snoum cultivate the" Spirit, of Christ. Let us be thankful if we" uuui uiaini ucilci man otners anuteaCh and have charity for those who don't, As Sister Wells said, 'Try to get the spirit of ' every principle.' When .we get so firmly estab lished, that we nave a love of it, we shall see the beauty of the principle: of plural marriage;-wshall feel that Father is at " full of mercy and lo V2; let us kiss the' rod; whenever we are smitten." Emilia I). Madsen made a few remarks: referred to the subject of doing good to. others and quoted the baviors words, ''Some have entertained angels' unawares," etc.; also, "Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of these little ones, ye have done it unto me," and gave excellent advice on these two subjects. bister Feery ot lhree Mile Creek: "I think we have had a feast; what are.-wwithout the the of Lord? He is a Father and Spirit friend in very deed; let us be humble and prayerful; He knoweth the desire of our heart?' . they 167 ud .' - 7 nnnn n Hiatn-I" wlv, n A P Rio viujuij in 111.11t 1 1. - ....LI, t:au-11 iiuijiu When is "'ended, may we leave behind unmistakable traces of an earnest, acAfter inging and prayer conference ad- - tive and faithful life; then, when "meeting our journed until 2 p.m. savior a i 111s inrone or glory, ment tne wel come Afternoon session 'opened hy singing, 'T'll' iul plaudit, Wei ' done, thou ood and faith serve the Lor'd whilef km servant,, enter thou into the joys of thy young." Prayer Lord." To realize the fulfillment . of this was ofiered by Prest. Ilkrriet Snow. Condensed report, of the State read, afler which glorious hopt) if is necessary that the spirit of Alvira Rocs was presentid by Supt,. E. S. .obedience be cultivated, splfishnpiaf union and confidence be prcserv()dr-M,a- y "Taylor and sustained as C )rrcspondin" SecreIho: -ot tioM.Ki ours m rich abundance, Diessings tary f f the Staked -- -"' y if in f nl iTfiJi nn nml l,.r Subject VTheJ higher, culture.: oL woman," heart to heart, making this a season of rejoicwas treated up m in a practical and impressive manntr by Ciun. Hattie Jensen, "Will the ing, long to be remembered with pleasure and life's-drea- . 1 ' tKf-..aiMn- 1 ..'.. satisfaction.- good 6M tunes come back a;iin," was sung by Misses EtUeand Louisa Madsen of Ward. " therd ( - "- The company now repaired to tlio" dining room, and surrounded the tastefully spread .UibleSj.with their inviting supplies, generously provided by the young ladies. rCrace was offered by President Harriet A, Snow, who invoked the blessings' of God upon these llis daughters. Our hearts ascended in. nraver for Anostle ftnruv Aa. - . - Tinrpn7.o i pnved of this, Kis former home, and the society of his' family, that peace, comfort and the .1 i. i ,.e u.... ki,1c. i uj. jirjivrn uusuiJiu upuu nun UCCOrUr.. ing to his requirements. The ceremony of discussing the tempting . iTncouraging and instructive remarks were made by "A villa ChrisU;uen of Bear River City Ward, Eliza Davis and Ettie Madden of the Fourth Ward. Sister Taylor expressed her pleasure with the .exercises and manner of presenting the GJofnr. W! programme. - Offered instructions regarding " j vuvii j'wrv the order and laws necessary to be observed in a short time. Prest. Harriet Snow: "I feel thankful, for. governing these associations. Dwelt upon the duties of officers. - " Where organizations are this conference, and what has been said; I wish eliected, the Stake Supt. of Y. L. M. I. A. wehad time to hear from all the presidents." shoul 1 be present; also the" Bishop' of the ward: Singing, "HowT- - firm a foundation." vm --tin w nemnmcuiuesarise in tnese associations, go satisfectorily; every one throwing off all re Conn. Olivia Wider by borg. for counsel to the Stake Supt,, and should the straint and vicing with each other to bo agreeEmilia D. Madsen, Cor. Sec. matter not be satisfactorily adjusted," appeal to able and contribute to the enjoyment of the the" Territorial Supt.rbefore engaging-theat- -. occasion. 1 ho bright young faces, the intelliY, L. M. I. A., BOX ELDER. tention of the Priesthood. gent countenances, beaming with smiles," and M. Snow J. Prest. expressed a pride and the beautiful surroundings, presented: indeed. ' The Y.'L. M; I. A. Conference of Box Elder with the intelligent young" a pretty1 pi(Yrur2TThe siipper-overalLwere Staker-cn vJed-i-n the Tabernacle at IMglianf these ladies and in seated associations, the when comprising Sister Taylor adnoting parlor, City, March 9, 1887, a largelivmbly of young the rapid improvement and progress apparent dressed the company as follows: laaies being present. Un the stand were terri "I am happy to be here; it does my heart in our midst. torial Supt..E!mina S. Taylor, Stake Prcsi is Well," was sung by the assembly "All good to see your bright, happy faces, glowingdency,- branch presidents and representatives with spirit and feehng.: The benedictory also Harriet A. Snow, Prest. of the Relief So was onered by rrest. luarion l eery. prayer your union. I thank you sincerely for the ciety of Box' Elder Stake. for months. is trulv grati- kindness'shown me Conference three adjourned After the. usual preliminary exercises, emfvinff to associate with vvonnfr ladies nn' nrr. j bracing roll, minutes and reports from nine of - On the evening preceding our conference sioiis of this; kind, whoTcan themselves the various associations, read by the Secretary, about thirty of the officers of the Y. L. M.I. politely, with propriety and deport be filled with "" yet Lydia S. Pierce, introductory remarks were A. of Brigham' City, some from the neighborjoy and mirth. 'If proper, I would wish that offered by Supt. Minnie J. Snow. ing towns, and a .few invited guests, assembled your Jives. always ho pleasant and happy, and Ihe nrst exercise on. the programme was an at the residence of Prest. Minnie J; Snow, your trials very light. May God watch over essay on health, creditably given by Susan where the evening wa3 pleasantly and profitably you and keep you pure." Hubbard of the Willard Association. Lecture spent. Mrs. Lydia - S. ..Pierce, "Misses JEttie, The rest of the "evening w,as devoted to upon the "Personality of God," by L. S. Pierce, Madsen and Alvira Rees acted as programme speeches, testimonies, reading, interspersed with ' V S. and Phena A. vocal and instrumental giving proofs from the Bible, committee, Presidenfs Fannie Graehl, music, until a late hour, MadaPn nrnnfa frrrn flu if li umrlra. Thp oilh- and Freddie Hanson Widerborg a wheneuded Wrighton", C very interesting occasion, par- .... ject was efficiently treated upon, each showing merits refresh on committee as ticularly remarkable fjrthe freedom and sweet a thorough research and The exercises commenced with singing: The comprehension of the ' spirit of genuine good will that characterized Prest: the was subject. A vocal selection; ""Ever, Constant," given by. following address every feature of the entertainment. was Martha Miss rendered Wright sweetly by in ilw. Respectfully, "My Dear Young Stekri and of the 1st Ward, . Alvika Rets, Cor. Sec. Brigham City. Cause of Improvement: addressed Territorial Supt.,- E. S. Taylor, the assembly': 'In obedience to the request of our pro In remarking upon young oner a cormai ladies ns, ORGANIZATION. gramme 'com no t.tce. i arise to educating themselves to fill useful u an welcome a ana advised the study of phonography. nearly pie.ut. greeting with to ineet . We have this evening m Spoke in high "the gathered rEriTor. Exponent: ' able manner of praise J I ,.,.,..,i.wwl T.i-- f ? TIrtumi SJif or . ......u. which the preceding lectures were given. Said,' our oeioveu ami ntccmci i A special meeting of the' Beaver Relief So"The fact of our Lord and Savior appearing S. Taylor, and in behalf of the young' ladies ciety, having been called on the 16th of Dec, ua of the Mutual Improvement, offer our hospi revealing the plan of salvation to Josepii consider the advisability of dividing to our city, to listen to 1886,-tSmith, an illiterate youth, should ever be an tality and welcome her that the Society and organizing one in each ward, it words of advice, counsel and instruction, jnyjncjble proof to us of the truth of our was unanimously agreed by the Stake Presiher to titter; also to parConsidered woman's' franchise a the Lord shall inspire friendand Society, that 'it would be dency, take of the blessings of sociability and Privilege giveri of God. Though now unjustly increased and intensified by that love proper and in keeping with the times to do so. (,eoied our rights in this regard, believed they ship of The former organization was dissolved, and. would be restored in the near future.' "It is known only to those having a knowledge and beautiful presidents chosen for the two wards. The Gospel- - How comforting, natural for women to be the and lovemoralify; just - e ----- -- to-Go- . v - - -- - - Bene-dictio- n ! - pleiiTO-in-laboring , -- -- - - - , tp-nig- -- . - it T . - 'i -- J - , posi-tio- n.., j.i o -- ." Pi-hop- , s, 