103 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. . v Sister Barkelall said she was thankful she good thing to keep a journal; don't do anything had a standing in this church and desired to live that will bring soirow upon us,uand live so as so she could claim theblessiugs of the Lord;: to'enjoy the Spirit of the Lord at all times. we should make it a business of asking Sister Rboda- Hinman said, my desire is to . fall. for this lhe Lord to'. help us, if we are faithful in the live so I 'may enjoy the Spirit of the Lord; we have it sickness been 'considerable here has There discharging of our duties, He will bless lis and will be rewarded for .what' 'We do and should fever. the sisters But with we will hive joy in our bosom?. fall be energetic in performing our duties; and we this typhoid caiY :r uc xi a ii 111 to help one anr..i. ii llnli Sister B. AY. Smith sajd I have nothing new biiwiiju-uv- i. ceem to be doing all they n nine (i iui, i sr a reoei Th ere4rrou H T) t her. goot etyH to ad van ce7 butr fee to eifcourage the sistf rsrr b(rj)leFsed;.it takes means to relieve the poor; well are conattended There are a great many who are sick and poor spoke, of the snares that are laid for our chilOur monthly meetings sidering there is so much .sickness. Wishing and it is our duty to attend to the nr.. bald. she dren, and (t he necessity of keeping a careful "watch over them; we should be v( ry humble the Exponent the success it deserves, Iv re ; waprcsent at tlfe first orgaTTizaWujri htTRe .lief and prayerful; this is the 'Kingdom set up in Society by Joseph Smith; he used to meet main, Your sister, with us and she believed he would again. Wje the last days never more to be thrown down. Julia Whitney Seer ought to be very good women, and live so I pray God that He will strengthen and give that we may be prepared for the good things us His Spirit from day to day. that await us. It isgiod to meet together for it FIFTH WARD, OGDEN. Prest. Grant said ')we have Jiad a great deal - erea e- o ve-- a t kMi n i o it w i t h b u e a n ol h e r ; fe 1 nf wind iiisfriirtifvn T saw Rittr T'llirH Wells: Mrs. Emmei.ink. hhe that never had any- trials, but what she sent her love to you all;. we realize she presides could overcome; had felt that she had had supover all the. societies; I fei that we are blest Dear Sister: In compliance with your to her her ernatural perform strength given this day and have the "Spirit of the Lord with request I send, you condensed minutes of the bless and I Lord to a.k our the SufMPtv. duties; inn Relief 17:1 you of our nroO ti u?; if we make up our minds to get up and bless and Ue are brethren that prr-ou- , in a to inimber ma) goodlv appointment speak we will have good meetings; am glad to, According tire us and to iaith. keep see you young mothers here, it is where help of thesisters residing in the Fith Vard, also Brown she said was proud to Coun. Luciuda Pre.-t- . Jane S. Richards and; Courselors, met you can get good instructions; teach your chilviihihe Bishopric of' said ward, on the loth have a standing in this church, and associated dren while they are young to have faith in the with the best women in the world; she had Gospel; I realize that great refponsibilities rest day of June 1887, to orgauize a Relief Society, -AHeM he usual opening exercises, the Bishop passed through great trials, had never been upon us as mother, we should try to improve . we ot tried in principles the gospel, have all our children that they may grow up. refined said he had consulted with his Counselors and we can do to keep ourselves ann oilr children and polite, and try to make our homes com Prest J. S- Richards in regard to rfficers, and i fortable that when our children and grand chilthey had decided on the folio w ng sisters, right; w hen we rise up and pea k by the spirit is be of the Lord it will whose names were presented and unanimously ''edifying. It my dren visit us they mayjfeel thar the spirit of we overcome and live right iu the Lord is with us; take great plea-urF. Burton, President; prayer that, in visit"sustained;.. Rachel may Lord. Counsthe of the of the different the branches S. H. and Martha Stevens Maria sight Brown, Society, and ing if I can say a word of comfort to my sisters I elor.-; Mary A. WatsOn, Secretary; LydiaMor- Coun. Mary Clark said it renews and en arn glad. I want to speak of a little business; lisuii , Ass is t ant Se ere t a ryi Sarah Watson, courages Lus to meettogetlier; we can have rev- . i . v . .1 o : ' , Treasurer. elatioii if we live for it; it is the older ores that we ueeui niean; me oecreiary is iu ueeu ui a Alter the organization was effected, the sisshould setau example. Feel and realize that new book, and v.ould be glad to have the ters who had b en elected, being called Upon the hand ot the Lord is over us; we will be presidents donate to help defray expenses; ft el in giving blessed in looking alter the poor;., may we do that those who give will be blet-seexpressed themselves willing to act in the podon't let us be weary in well doiitg. May the sitions assigned them, and desired the assistgood continually; I feel "to say iu my heart God blessings i)f God attend uin all our duties." ance of the Holy Spirit that their labors might bless you all." ..result in much good. Prest. Layton said, 'T have a testimony to Prest. Grant said, we have had a good time President Richard?, her Counselors, and bear, that this is the Church and kingdom of and will adjourn until 2 pm. Singing. BeneCounselor G. W. Larkin addressed the meeting, God, and do what we may.it will stand; let our dict ion by Counselor Brown ' giving much wise instruction and many wrords Afternoon meeting: Opened by singing. iiiii 8U Mime iiiui we may set an rAaiupiB iu of encouragmentothers. I desire to do all I can to help roll on Prayer by Prest. Lay ton. Singing. After a few closing remarks by the Bishop Sister Emma Bull said, it is our privilege to this work; have always responded to the calls the meeting was adjourned for two weeks. receive the Lord if we iive for that have been made, and we ought tqjielp Spirit, Singing. Benediction. it; it we accept these persecutions with the. Sister Grant Kear the expenses of the Stake. spirit the Lord designs us to. it will do us good: It was a saying of Joseph Srcith, that 'the DAVIS stake. 1 am quite suie we will never receive an exalfa- - Jiheral man lives by Ins liberality. bope we ; will try and keep the Sal hath read tion without woiking, for it; I wish my sisters The quarterly conference of the Relief So the Bible and the Book" and learn would realize the necessity ot doing their work ciety of Davis Stake was held in the East Bounwith of the dealings of the Lord tho.e people; here; it is a great privilege we have iu relievtiful Meeting House Oct. 21, 1887, Prest. we need ami trust in round shoulders to our up ing the sick and lhe poor, and let rue enjoin it Susan Grant presiding. Present on the stand G if we ever get to the top of the ladder were Sisters B. W. Smith- and Emma Bull 'upon you that whatever yuu do, do it well; if w 'd; L h i m b i n g, L a ve to d ou r sh are-Hcannot it is tnrching or-athingelse,-it-yo-u irom bait Lake City. Atter singing, rrayer-waivaat to be an activnubernahnngodL-JttTTdrtTrrlrTUwerln-let-soone aHeneHo-- it offered by Si?ter Mary Clark. Continued " who cau; we are passing through a 'very severe ask th e Lord to bless you , my sister- s- - , conference minutes of previous yslngingand Sister Jane Cook desired to bear her testi- trial; we must cultivate, the spirit ..of charity were read and approved. ' President Grant made opening remarks and and not judge hastily; the Savior said we mony lo"this werk; had always been taught to must not only be good but appear good" and resp ct the Sabbath; said she was oue who was suggested hearing from the presidents of the so live that we may be an example to the out " the dependent on the Relief Society;- different branches. be with one also we our side world bless Lord to who that those render assistance to the may Prest Atkinson reported South Bountiful we know shall we are that husbands; promised needy. Relief Socievv, spoke of the importance of besisters what realize a , deal; things great Prest. Grant said, "We will adjourn our great ing united, that we may have the Spirit of the await and increase in to strive us; - Lrd to dwell with us. improve conference for three months, to meet If we do not improve ' etc our privileges the Lord will not bless us; hoped knowledge, Sister B. W. Smith, said we should put away to be able to stand all the trials we have to Singing, "LiOrd, dismiss us with Thy bless- Behediction by Prest. Grant. pass through; if we strive to keep the Spirit of pride, selfishness and self will, and set our 1Dg houses in order; am glad to see so many young the Lord.it will take us safely through. Phkbe C. Sessions, Ass't Sec. President Muir said, I feel to do all the good mothers here; it is a great thing to be a mother I can; we are thinking of building a granary; and have a family of children to raise; urged . . O . T I .1 upou mothers the necessity of setting a good x ass tne T ;o Diess eacn one oi you ana. jtrn AN ADDRESS, example before their children, attending to may His Spirit rest on all who speak. reTered hud trials she the to Coun. Nancy Willey represented East Bounetc; family prayers tiful Society; said there are a few who are alTo the Y. L. M. I. A. of Nephi, ON TIIE passed through; said she felt to rejoice when do the where we can saw she reared, Twelfth Anniversary of Their Ortemples ways present and ready to attend to all their - . is not a commandthere for work our duties dead,ganization: t Prest. Randal reported Centerville Society; ment of the Lird but what is good fur us; said 31 v Dear Young Sisters: felt more and more interested in the spoke of the necessity of taking care of the society the longer she was associated with it; poor, and instructing the young to be careful , - Through the blessing of' our Heavenly we feel well and united to try to look after the and prudeut, to keep their houses neat that their homes may be a heaven to Father our lives have been spared, and, we are . poor, and our other duties; the Lord will actheir husbands and children; thought it was a permitted to celebrate another anniversary of cept our labors if we do the best we can. sidering that thjs isTa now place. TVe have a granary nearly completed which will hold about one;thousand bushels of grain, and hope 'to have it filled, some day. I think we will - all-pai- -- . r-- spi 1 -- - C 1 a-- 1 1 I . - . . e . z " d - , . . - of-the- . . . i day-holy- - e-- wil ny ( Lcl s me L a-ke- d 1 1 1 I 1 1 - e and-clean- 