WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 160 When we are most filled with heavenly love, and only then, are, we best httea to Dear witn human mfinnity, to live above it and lorget its NOTES ABOUT WOMEN. Mary Booth, the editor of Harper's Jsazar," s said to be going to Europe lor rest. . ' Miss pursuit of knowledge may have great joy with only coarse rice to eat, water to drink, and nis oenaea arm ior a pinow onjuciua. ss wounded at' Massowah. Hannah More, when she was told a tale against anyone in her village, usually answered, ''Come, we will go and ask if that be true." RESOLUTIONS XUI . O . A4C111 Jr II uuu( Llio jJ 1 J 1 1 Lily our-belove- Resolved, That we, the members of the Y,.L7M..irA.,' have lost a true friend and faithful laborer; one who. was. ever patient and faithful to her duty, and her good qualities will ever endear her to our memories. Resolved, That we deeply sympathize with the bereaved family in the loss of an affectionate and dutiful daughter., . and sister. Resolved, That a copy of these Resolutions be placed in our record book, printed in the Young Ladies' Enterprise and a copy given to the bereaved family. UUgllOll 'The R.K.THOMAS Nellie Parkinson, . and Hindustanee,. and has been dramatized by several adapters. She is described as ' a good Englishwoman, of strong domestic Cass ie West, Lucy M. Sabin, tastes, and rather shrinking from publicity. Her All her thirty novels were popular. s kindness to youthful literary aspirants was great, and her conscientiousness in replying to Committee. . Gulf. her books. from a Agent for RUMSEY'S celebrated LI FT and FOR. E PUMP3. Pumps Repaired on short notice. Orders irom the country promptly responded, to. VAddrisi. 017IS JAUZ3. - ESTABLISHED OCTOBER, OBITUARIES. It feelings of deep sorrow that we communicate the death of our beloved young sister, Catherine E. Suther land, daughter of John and "Ellen Sutherland, who de parted this life at the residence of her parents, Big Cottonwood, Salt Lake County, at 9 a.m., on the 22nd of Feb., 1887, of fever and paralysis of th'e brain. sShewas aged fifteen years, four months and twenty-eigdays, and for her age had great faith in the Gospel; was most amiable and tender in disposition and manner. She was a regular attendant at unday School, an assistant secretary and led the singing in the Primary Association; "also a member of the Y. L. M. I. Association. To know, her was to love and at the ward " respect her, The- house on the 24th of Feb., at 12:30, where a large meeting number met to pay their last respects. ' ' Com. is with e SALT LAKE CITY,- Utah. - Patents have, been granted to women for the week ending Feb. 22, 1887, as follows: Josephine Doriat, New York, N. Y., Means for Serving Guests in Restaurants. Catharine C. Griswold, New Yor, Corset. Elizabeth Guion, New York, Medicine Spoon. Dressmaker's Fitting Chair. Sarah A. Parke, Bay City, Mich., Sawtooth Dust-d- e - ' RESOLUTIONS . OF RESPECT. with a usury ofprofit beyond yourLmostfianguine dreams. Gladstone. - Let us help the fallen still, though they never pay us,,ancUet us lend, without exacting the usury of gratitude. TJiackery. A true woman is to a true man's influence what the rolling process is to the furnaced gold, for she rolls it into multitudinous sheets. 1 11 11 1 HEAVY" AND SHELF HARDWARE, GLASS AND QUEENSWARE, i ELEGANT CUT GLASS, In memory of our aged sister, Anna Maria Jasperson, this life Dec. 17th, 1886. : TOOLS AND IMPLE- - MENT8, . She was born - Sept. 12th, 1809. Whereas, The Lord in His infinite wisdom has seen fit to call from our midst our worthy and beloved sister, Anna Maria Jasperson, and, , was a true and faithful Latter-da- y Whereas, She Saint, and a faithful member of the Relief Society of Goshen filled the office of a Ward, and for many teacher in the same, it is fitting that we" r'ecbrd the high esteem and appreciation of her services. Therefore be it Resolved, That her counsel and example will be held in grateful remembrance by our Society, Resolved, That we who have seen the ever willing and cheerful spirit with which she performed every-dutwill endeavor to profit by the same7 Resolved, That it is the sentiments of our Society that we spmpathize with the relatives, and that a conv of thm Resolutions be furnished them , one sent to the EXpoy and also placed on the minutes of this Society. Sleep sweetly, dearest sister, from sorrow, grjef and PURE DRUGS AND CHEMICALS, CARPETS AND WALL PAPERS, ALL " GRADES ANJ NEWEST DESIGNS. years-honorabl- EjT: Thrift of time will repay' you in after life n a Ufyhooos, lotions, brocenes n AGRICULTURAL . MISCELLANEOUS. IMPORTERS AND JOBBERS OF " . - . Cv erd ftineral-errices-werrt- -- . flector. 1868. Epitor Exponent: who-departe- Wilson, Kokomo, Ind., SALT LAZZ CIT7. ht Municipal suffrage for women has been defeated in the Nebraska Legislature bya 'small ' . majority. The women of Kansas are registering-i- nlarge numbers, to vote under the new municipal suffrage. law.. A circular, urging Ihern to do so, has been issued jointly by the Kansas Equal Suffrage Association and the. Kansas W. C. T. U. Public jubilee meetings have been held in a number of towns, and great enthusiasm prevails. Elizabeth Box 306. " - N OTE8 AND NEWS. 6z CO., TINNERS, CAS.WATER & STEAM FITTERS ; one ot JA3B3 2D."V"X2D -- e, correspondents was wide; before her death, she re erase. ' - time. Her circle of only a week or two ceived a letter bout stoker in the Persian I, Leading Retail Gash , Her most popular novel, "East Lynne," has been translated into French, Par-se- tration." E MP 0 R SALT LAKE CITY. Whereas," It has pleased our Heavenly Father to call from u,s by the hand of death, and respected sister in the Y. L. M. I. A., - novelist who lately died, aged seventy, had edited the Aroosu for twenty years. A sketch of her in the Pall Mall Gazette s&ys: "Her life may. fairly be . said to have been, prolongecLby-he- r intellectual activity and power of concen- 1 E Of RESPECT. Resolutions of Respect to the memory of Sister Annie Sharp,, who died suddenly at her homo in Preston, Oneida Co., Idaho,. Feb. 19, 1887, aged sixteen years, seven months and nine days. . . The effect was something wonderful. The tale- Iwjnrnr tolran a ha nrzwnn I A he(An tn Hav Wpll perhaps there may have been a mistake' and beg that no .hotice .be taken of the matter. But no, the good lady would go there and then, with her, to make taking tke scandal-monge- r inquiry and compare accounts. If all tale- bearers cou Id be treated in this way, few tales would be told. . - . ; . . R.K. THOMAS A man who lives a virtuous life, and in the Eugene has applied to the city government of Naples for" permission to enter the. hospital as a nurse, and care for soldiers Ex-Empre- jiariu uvre. Duraen. : pain; Thy labor all over, it was not done in vain; Thy faithful Course here on this earth is worthy of imitation; is . The day draws nigh whea we shall see the Lord and Tlis ' salvation. Pi ren a Jameson, Martha Jensen, Julia S. Mackee,- Committee. - We carry a larger and more complete Stock than any house In the west. tSST H. 8. ELDREDCE. Supt. Special to the Ladies. D EB ' S AT foundTEAS the latest styles, and pioductlons Will he in RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBOKS, COLLARS, :TIESL LA CES, Afld an elegant asflortmenf of DIRIT QOODS;and for Ladies' Misses' Special department Shoes. : 112, 114, 116, 11$ . In-ant- 's East Temple Sire 