WOMAN'S EXPONENT." 102 pnecf?, it has brought sorrow to many; Englandboth iji liter-- . bus lu-- t many of bur noblest-men- , i he terrioie ary, political and. social circles, disaster at a theatre in Exeter, which resulted in the death of so many people, and brought an "misery to so many homes, alone makes tins beremenibered to eventful yearr and one long by tlurwidows and. orphans and frietrdsuf the victims. poor A number of statues have been erected in various 'parts of the kingdom as memorials of the Jubilee, but trie Imperial Institute, as I have previously stated, is to he the Nation il Memorial, and m iny thousands of pounds have been poured into its treasury from foreign countries, as well as our own. It was proposed with- bvr the Prince of Wales" that all cla-seout distinction of class, creed or race, should unite to raise thiT tribute to Her MajVsty, the Queen, and donations as low as one abiding are accepted. The Committee have laid down as the basis of their programme, that ' the and effect.ol the;Institute is to advance the commercial and 'industrial' iesourcts of every part of the empire." They also propose it shall include "collection of samples of pro- ill-fat- . s. . . ... rnir-pos- e ttliu .,Oi nig .Hiiiusiiicsj, library for industrial, commercial and economic for study." A fully equipped map-room- , anil theological" reference, a special UUUerr geo-irranhie- library for patents and inventions, and arrange ment.s lor the collection and dinusion lor, me benefit of intending emigrants.and others; also the fullest information in regard to the industrial and material condition of the Colonies, they-a- re and of the particular-diretti- oa susceptible of further development; so that it may be indicated that its operations will probably be embraced within four chief sections, viz : Industries, Commerce, Technical ami Commercial Education, and Emigration. It is now iu course of erection at South Keusiug-ton- , and, from appearauces, I should say when finished it will be a very. fine building; the good it will achieve remains to be proved. The Jubilee presents have all been taken to St. James' Palace, and the public are allowed to view them, without any fee being charged, for a few weeks only, and oue is amply repaid for a visit. Alter passing through an enormous crowd we found ourselves withio the charmed interior of a Palace that .has great historic il interest, and on going up the stairs, the first thing noticeable is a splendid pil painting of oue of the king of England, by a celebra- ted painter. I neuretTOom con tains a hand- . .., r 4 iti-w- hich old-fashione- d .; - the Indians retreat, and we are left to imagine, as the chihlreu tell us, that thej-Jive-d haj)py boTikashioti. A fter ever after in goo"! oldstory the perform mce was over we were allowed to the scene of action, their wigwams and years ago.- - By' the courtesy of .Mr. Guuter, we inspectalso the tents of the which and candidtents; inspected it before its looked verv clean." and'were fixetl up nattilv ly omfe.-- s we never saw any thing of Us Wild to I J n som e j n s ta nces I a ce a u m a- t highrand it t h r i i equal it before. the chairs, which nine feet in circumference. There are medal-l- i cassars were thrown over somewhat surprised u, knowing how the oppons of the Queen ami 'the late Prince Consort on either side; the crown, composed of gilt and site sex usually denounce these 'little effects"' a in a room, to the terror of every good housewhite satin is elevated on a pedestal-under- ' s were very nice looking wife. These canopy, and is a proached by dozens of steps and stal wart men, very pleasan i .to speak "to, moulded in the icing. This canopy rests upon lour pillars, th.-- base of each being guarded by and were certainly clever riders. "Such. is unequalled. Their breaking in wild a liou; above this there are four heralds' with . to throw .trumpets, wh oaro pri)c!aiiniiigjitJij j)ieeo horses, who emleavored repoat-dlythem, was especially .. commendable..'. The the world. Th t dove and an olive branch signi lying peace, is the topmost ornament of this grounds were very prettily laid out with flowers, exquisite gifo The beading of sugar round aud the bauds were, very cheerful, the music was very popular, awl suited the tastes of the this immense cake is composed .of roses, shammi.. ...... .. ...i,... , Ti. rocks and thistles, typical of the tirree. kingdom, England, Irelaud and Scotland. It is a evening, and it was then used as a fashionable masterpiece of the confectioners art, and does. promenade for all classes. A switchback Railway and tobogganing slide, attracted the juvengreat credit ,to Messrs. Gunters ior the patience not a few elderile portion of the visitors,-auin execu ing so beautiful "a design, and it was t.hft of the thin.. imveltv ly .. nprnlp whn". well worthy to grace the festival of the .Jubilee. n' 'J j trusted themelves to this quick mode of travel fter passIt weighs over a quarter of a ton, ing, only to say when lauded at their desiina- ing through many galleries which contain the portraits of the English kings and queens for tion, 'Never again The manager of the "Wild West" is Colonel W. E. Cody. aud his portrait is ages back, by the bet masters of painting, we exhi'nted at almost every stationer's. He is again found ou rselve3 iu'Pai Mall , wei sat is considered a very fine looking, handsome man. tied with the' visit.' we had paid. The grand old Palace is now almost exclusively used for The ladies are credited w ith this statement, but even they are not unauirnous on this point. Be levees, at which the Prince of Wales presides, a a it .tsitTirayyiitrJ3 tutriiu;roi,iTeiiuui iu ixi istu- p rese u ta tin us a rereq u i va leu t top rc cratic circles; no garden party, or banquet, or sentatious to Her "Majesty. I promised to tell you my impressions of the ball was considered complete this season uuless American Exhibition that was held at Bromp-ton- , he was present, and this craze wept so far thit it was fashionable to write, his name upon the when I had viited it. It is now closing, and seems to have been very successful. The corner of all invitation cards a3 an inducement iuterior of the Exhibition is very nice. The to those who received them to attend. However, many usefiil and fancy articles" for sale, new the season is now oyer for London, and Colonel Cxly will soon return to America, if, reports inventions, and glimpses into American cusare to be believed, and nothing Jbut sweet or toms rendered it more than usually interesting, -particularly, to those who hope to reside iu bitter memories, as the case may be, will be left. America in the future. The dried and preThe Queen is.now staying at Balmoral with served fruits looked especially tempting, "and the Princess Beatrice, .who has just given birth made us confess, however unwilling, that their to an iufaut Princess. The Queen is much atmode of preserving fruits far excelled our h tached to Princess Henry of Battenburg, who Ways, and wherever we" tu rued everything is her youngest (laughter, and her constant was "so American" and so" "nice" and so peculiar to themselves, that.it quite made us long compauiou.and.upou her marriage Her Majesty to fly away to the home where these niceties expressed a desire that she'sfiould reinaiu with her, and she ,has accordingly done so. The came from. Consequently everything "AmeriPrince and Princess of Wales are havius a can" is the rage just now. -There is a very i u teresting picture gallery at little trouble; their 1 h reed augh te rs while "abroacThave contracted the measles, but frotn contain circulated, we may nojHiope they will picture of Miss MaryLlAriderson; also some repjrts recover. The Princess has nursed them with 'splendid; scenes of battle. Two pictures took untiring devotion, and by so doing sets a,q exmy fancy greatly in the collection; one was ' entitled, A Storm in the Rocky Mountaius," ample to all mothers worthy of imitation, and she" never for one moment and the lights and shades in this picture were although is she a mother, and her children forgets that simply exquisite, and it was with regret that claim heraMenlion and care before all else. If Melt it to gaze n others of .less artistic value. this noble and husband he,r live till March lady The, other was the picture of a woman on the brink of the river, aud the despair that was 10th, 1888, they will, complete "the 25th anniand many will written upon her countenance reminded me versary of. their s wedding-day- , be the will that ascend to heaven for prayers very forcibly of the poet, when he wrote: her happiness and prosperity. "Mad from life's history, I must draw this to a close, hoping toy enGlad to death's mystery; deavors to interest and amuse-yohave suc' Swift to be hiirl-- l, Ever for the welfare of Zion, ceeded. praying 7 Ah7wTveK any wliere out of the world." Your si3ter in the Gospel, The st ituary wasalso very nice. 'The enter Marion. .. tainment given by Colonel Cody wasArery instructive and amusing. The Ldfaus, "who seemed to p ssoss very inldgent faces, and. K. S.; Y. L. M. 1. A. & P. A. REPORTS. were finely built men, looJtTvery picturesque in their peculiar attirexhel still more peculiar huntington. paint. Toeir swifthTirs manship is a great Editor "Woman's Exponent: m irvel. A selef is represented as comin to take up with the n; ihe Indians, who Thinking you might find space for a few have be watching them, surprise them aud lines in the c umns of your little'paper, I take threaten to lestr.y them, when a nirtv ,,r iu writing them. pleasure come t j tire settlers' rescue, aud Oar society is iu a thriving condition con- fiually thqrii. The Jubilee .cake was on It was presented by Gunters, the view also confectioners, who bggedahe Queen to accept it, because t'ley madj the coronation ctke fifty yhi-4MtHti0a1-aHIT- handsome horse:trappings or cfuth of gold and the most exquisite embroidery;also au antique dinner gong, which is suspended over a brass head. Passing to the next room, there are many coftly gifts, far too numerous to mention; the most conspicuous' were as follows: A chair of ' "bea'utiful workmanship, executed by ' the bairket-makerof Wickham and presented by the Mayor and the .Aldermen of that place; a handsome round table, inlaid with mother of pearl and precious stones; an ivory chair is also shown; the back and seat are covered with'. emgold thread in a mst exbroidery .worked quisite manner; the blending of colors in this delicate work displaved the irrealest. taste have seen for some time. It was worked and presented,by a lady who resides at Hughendn. the estate of the late Earl of Beaco-stiel- d. The hih! the children grandchildplate presented by ren of the Queen is very richly ornamented, and very handsome, and a beautiful silver desert service, trom the servants of the royal household, deserves credit for the taste displayed. I policed in the Throve R om an immense ostrich feather fan of snowy whiteness; that was too large for anything but ornament, It'wariu this room that the addresses ol con gratulation were displayed, ami there seemed s . enj .to 410 cow-boys- , "prt-sentatio- It-was- -ovr 1 1 ten-fee- cow-boy- horse-mansh- d tr f'i"t 1 1 1 1 1 - : - Eu-glis- 4t u i . L . hisaie rW-bo- ys - . :. ip 