WOMAN'S EXPONENT: 168 Prest. Burnhara was glad to see so man'y of the sisters together, and felt to endorse the many good counsels and instructions given by the brethren-- . Spoke upon the necessity of union combined with humility, and a prayer . fu 1 spirit etc., etc.-- Singing. Benediction by Brother " Edward ',. 'Bolton., ,2 ... Clara Burnham, Sec. the ladder beforewe put'our foot on the first step, and to aspire to be so ' great before we learn to live in a humbler way. XeT us. .then, be aeterminea not ro usien 10 those who would turn us aside froni'a work which even angels might covet, and from a nobl? fulfil ment of a mission that alone, constitutes our true V glory. . " ; .Marion : S coles. , Y. L. M. r ITEMS FROM ARIZONA. I. A. & P. A. REPORTS. Wells: Mrs, Emmeline B. beaver stake. Editor Exponent: great work of Christ. We had a very enjoyable time here the 17th of Feb. ult., in the gathering at, the meeting house to surprise Sister Jane Eldredge, President of the Primary Association, of Price, on her thirtv-sixtanniversary. Sinpino lw a EM rprl era little Sundav School choir. was accompanied in to the house by .her husband,v together with several sisters, where' a 11 e j uumuer. ui wuics vveiu upreau wun ail tne blessings that the earth could produce in the shape of food, and surrounded by about 175 persons.' A blessing was offered, and all partook with grateful hearts. After dinner the following token was read in respect to Sister Eldredge's energetic labors .. with the Primary children: h a8-Sist- """ London, Englandrr R. S : dom with the rest... We are trying to da as near right as we can. We feel to sustain and bless everybody who is interested in the Dear Sister: It gftes - me pleasure to send er '. you a few lines from Arizona. T. We 'have been very greatly blessed, for which we are very thankful. We have had winter in the "sunny south," a with general good health, but we are in a very "A token-ofrespect to our beloved sister, scattered condition, which is very inconvenient; The Exponent is a very welcome visitor in Jane Eldredge, President, of the Primary Asher diligence and patient our midst. May it lever prosper in its noble sociation of Price,-fowith the children perseverance in efforts, of doing good. she had more this and that of feeling, place, -- May-the blessing i of God be with you, myesisterrand allwho labor "with" Voir in thecaus- than performed the duty assigned her, never ' letting wind nor weather stop her in the per1of truth. formance of the same. A Subscriber. , Therefore, dear sister, we say unto you, acSt. Joseph Stake, Arizona, Feb. 21, 1887. cept 4heser small tokens of our respect and gratitude, and may the blessings of our Father ITEMS FROM 8NOWFLAKE. , rest down upon you with health and strength to still go on for many years to come in the Editor Exponent: good cause you have entered into with the Thinking that a few note3 from this little May every year be brighter than the settlement might be worthy of room in our 3'oung. last. oarah Cox. valuable , paper, we take pleasure in sending them. It is seldom we are heard from, but we : She was then presented - with some presents are trying to bravely .fight the battles of life, made by the Primary "children, and also by ' and prove ourselves valiant to the cause of the Sunday School choir. Sister Eldredge was a little overcome with .Christ on the earth. As a stake, we are having a rest now from joy and surprise, not looking for anything of persecution, but we know not how long peace the kind. She thanked them for the honor, -mayprevail,-andwe deeplysympathize with and respect shown to her, and also for the those of our brethren and sisters who are not presents they had bestowed upon her. so favored, .but we know, all will be well with There was dancing in the evening, and those who are not nor weary in toasts, songs and sentiments were freely given. A1J had an enjoyable time. : Our Relief Society in this ward is doing very E. S. H. : well; we try-no- t to "let any go needy or desti-- . :F. A" Mead, F. Alred. tute; we strive to visit and comfort the sick, and' 'soothe the grief of those who are called to " " mourn. .... WOMAN'S VOICE. . We are very thankful for the recent visit of. Dr. E. S. Barney to our land. She came as a stranger to us, but when she went away we felt Dear Editor: .she was our friend and -- sister. She spent her The kingdom of heaven is 'for those11 who whole time, while here, teaching us things for seek for.it; not many rich or noble, but-th- e and we shall hold in her ever good, grate-Iful jour humble and faithful and pure in heart. We remembrance for the good she has done us. as a people are of the tribe of Ephraim, prone We'have had a pleasant, open winter, and to wander from the fold of God, but, oh! let us and & rain snow moist-1 which recently storm, j return; now is the trying day, and. we should iened up the earth nicely for putting in crop?. be willing to show our colors. Jesus said, "If Our brethren are busy now, fixing their water ye will not forsake all and life itself for the ditches, and making a resevoir to store water and my name's sake, ye are not worthy in for the dry part of the seassn. With the Gospel of me." blessings of God upon us, we- - hope to raise our Let us turn-froour follies. Israel often ownbread, and not have to import as much as worshiped idols and went astray are we not of we have had to. do in past years.. the same lineage? Let us not worship our . We prize our little paper, very highly, as it houses, tends, clothing or any property, for our tomes to us laden with good, and we pray that God is a "jealous God, visiting the sins of the it may always be a comfort in Zion." fathers on the child reni. but if they walk not for the welfare Zion of and the in the Praying away path of their fathers he will turn spread of truth in the. earth, we remain, Ezekiel.-Oh, His angerrread3 the:18thTchapter of Your sisters in the Gospel covenant, " what comfort to the erring ones! Let us Mary" J. West, ioLbed iscqu raged bu t try, more earnestly to 117 v "Lucy Flake, live our reliffion.keeDinffall the commandments, Mary H. Larson. observing the Sabbath day and fast days, for there are great promises to those who. do so. ITEMS FROM PRICE. Read the 57th chapter of Isaiah, and you. --- Editor : Exponent: may understand the promises of the Lord to the faithful; also the 3rd chapter of Malachi, As we have not seen anything lataly in our will see the promises of the Xord to those valuable paper about our little town, Price, we you who pay their tithes and offerings, and those we would write few a lines to let our thought who assemble to worship their God shall be resisters know that we are laboring for the membered as a man will remember and reward , The Relief Societyjof this Stake met in conference March 3rd, pursuant to adjourn-men- t, In theLatter-da- y Saints meeting house Howd presiding. Lucinda of this place, Prest. There was a good representation of officers and members from the different wards; Prest. Mur-doc- k and others of the : brethren were also present. The reports showed a healthy and prosperous, condition of the various branches. "."Air excellent" spirit prevailed, and the remarks of the sisters and those of the brethren who were present, were replete with good counsel and instruction. The proper, training of the, young, the storing of grain and the interests of the Exponent were some , of the subjects dwelt upon. All. those who spoke manifested a firin reliance ' in our Heavenly Father at the present 6riais in our affairs, and a determination to uphold all the principles which God Has revealed, even unto deatn if necessary '. The conference was adjourned for six months, to meet at Adams ville. Benediction by Bro.'j - Daniel Tyler, this closing what was universally felt to be the best conference of the sisters ever held in Beaver Stake. Respectfully, Louisa Jones, Sec. pro tern. , very-beautifu- r -- well-doin- g ; , : , . , . . '. . . , ; l , " ! . ; , 7 MOAB WARD, BAN JUAN STAKE. 7 Report of the annual meeting of the Relief Society (if Moab Ward, San Juan Stake of ZipjnEmerj 'County, ',Ufah', held Feb. 19th," Prest. Sarah. Burnham.' presiding. Opened by singing, and prayer by Bishop R. II. SteWart. After the reading of the minutes of last meeting, the Secretary read theahnual: repdrt, which was satisfactory. Prest Burnham called upon Bishop R. He felt Stewart to address the Meeting. pleased to meet with Ihe sisters, and to con-- : gratulate them upon the improvement that was manifest among Hhem; also felt to rejoice because of the good spirit prevailing. Prayed God to bless the Relief Society of Moab, and' gave some valuable instructions relative to the' various duties devolving upon the members as mothers in Israel, and exhorted them to faithfulness in the discharge of the many requirements 'required of them. They should be humble and prayerful; and be united among them-- : 1887, . , selves, etCj , i well-doin- g. I . ! - 1 I i s i m : , Brp. Ed ward Bolton said he was glad to meet: with the Relief Society, and felt to :dn courage the, sisters to go forward in their great and good work. Was pleased to' see the spirit of unity, apparent among theni, and J had; no ' doubts as to, the improvements manifest.' Com-- i mentel upon jth'e jmportance of the Belief So able adjunct in building up the cietyas an God. kingdom cf Upon the mothers devolved an noWipus responsibility the training of. the young was mostly in their hands; therefore, they "should seek for wisdom to enable them to "discharge" their du ties faithTuITy . They should" be united and sustain their President and all placed in authority over them. Prayed God to abundantlybleas the Relief Society through-outth- o various Stakes of Zion. - faint-hearte- d , C . i ; " ; -- king . " 