WOMAN'S EXPONENT. J2o land of Canaan, and gave her to her husband give it, and to thyseed." (I5). s without sin cast the first stone at her, and thy seed " Abram to be his wife." (xvii,5).v "Neither shall shall they be as the .dust of the all and thou fled." shalt earth, . , thy name any more be .called Abram, but thy spread abroad, to the west; and to, the east, and to We have no hardness in our hearts toward our name shall be Abraham, for a father of many nathe north, and to the in thee and in thy and south, oppressors; their lot is hard; they will condemnv tions have I made thee; and God said unto seed shall all the families of the be earth themselves in that day when we all. shall meet at Abraham, "And as for thy wife,thou shalt not call blessed." the bar of God, where none can say that God is her name Sarai, but Sarah shall her name be." not just. We pity them, and say, "Oh Lord! have Do we belong to the families of' the earth? Now, you see tnat tne Lord vjsited them and MarkHe said that all the families of the earth mercy on them, for they know not what they do." talked to them and atewith them and changed We fear not, for the Lord is at the helm of the should be blessed; Now, where is one that it does their names. .The Lord did not forsake Abraham not reach? Have we not air ship Zion, and He can steer "it through the storm sprung from the and Sarah because he (Abraham) had two wives, that rages wild and fierce; we have nothing to fear patriarchal, families, and how can we expect to get but He .blessed him, and told him that his posterity if we are faithful to our God. We must be tried along without obedience to the same law? There " should be as numerous as the ands on the sea and proven until we are like gold seven times is no blessing promised without Oedience. Jacob shore, or the stars in the firmament, that they tried in the furnace, and the dross is all con-- . worked seven years for Rachel, and was deceived' could not be numbered. Now Abraham took and sumed. ..; got Leah, and then mV worked another seven , Keturah for a wife to enlarge their families.that they Sarah Sudweeks. years for Rachel, and Leah and Rachel each had a might increase according to the blessing that was" . handmaid, and in time Piute Dec. Junction, Co., 29, 18S6. theygave each of them to promised him. If we expect tohave the blessings : their husband for wives. This, shows to me that of Abraham, we must do the works of Abraham, they loved their husband. Jacob, whom the Lord Y. L. M. I. A. CIRCULAR. for Abraham, in the Scriptures, is called the .named Israel, was the 'father of. twelve sons, one "Father of the Faithful," of which I want to be of them was called a dreamer, and his brethren To the officers" and 'members of the' Young Ladies' one. sold him. He was taken to Egypt, and he became Mutual Improvement Associations of the Plural Marriage was an ancient order, a savior to all his father's household, ' and had doOneida Stake oZt6n : It was when the. Lord minion over all , though men ignore it riqw. things, and all Canaan, where the : visited ;; prophetsMea say thatl faminereached them ; and how many, of us are of Dear Sisters:we have no need for the Lord to talk with us, for As we are unable to meet with each Association the seed of Joseph, through the loins of Ephraim, such' things are done away now: but if He will on as often as we desire, we take this opportunity of whom greater blessings were conferred under not speak to us there must be something wrong;it he hands' of his grandfather, whom the Lord letting you know our. thoughts and wishes conmust bethatwe are in the wrong,-- n jot the Lord are talked with, and said his name should be called cerning the young ladies of this Stakc-W- e but I would like to be as good as the ancient peo in should the it same be and Israel from this time forth. engaged great cause, and to of be where God, ple worthy go they our greatest object to improve in all good things. Moses was conversant with the Lord, and he are, I would like to talk with them and enjoy my -The Presidency of the Church, in their wisdom, was Israel. In his laws self with them, for I expect to know them and en have seen fit to organize these Associations for especial provisionswere made for polygamists ; it joy their company, which we cannot do if they the benefit of the young people of Zionand itjs is not mentioned as one of the 'crimes for which will not spiak to us, or if we are not worthy to be pur duty to live up to the privileges we have. We were provided. penalties of we their nor can or learn ways spoken to: should learn the will of the Lord and then do it. Elkanahwas a polygamist, yet his son Samuel The Lord loves those who I walk in their paths, that we may be like them. diligently serve Him, was a great prophet.and judge in Israel. He was would rather be taught of the ways of the Lord and will help those who help themselves. The and walk in His paths, let them be ever so thorny- - --born and lived under the special favor of God. Savior said, "The pure in heart shall see God." r of. was of chosen the Lord, Israel, David, king for without trials what are we?' Not worthy of We would like to ask y6u, as daughters of Zion, ). took and "He xvi, Samuel, Abigail I (i His notiser I could have no joy if knew no "Are you living pure and honest lives, so as to be both were of and also his them they Ahinoam, in we advance iGod and no hereafter. How could able to claim all the blessings in store for the 1 Samuel, xxv, him took "He wives." the things of the kingdom? of faithful?" We realize that a of wives out and concubines more Jerusalem." is future a the I rejoice in knowing that there state, Spirit of God; therefore, duty deprives us of . it-T i I T l? we are further informed that, ' 13), v, i (2 Samuel, reanze not to give way to evil inwould wnn ant 01r us we ana exhort i inai i you organizations, in the was which of the did "David that right eyes am responsible for the knowledge that He has fluences, but heed the good instructions given you not turned asidefrom and anything Lord, from time to time. ' given and blessed me with. Inasmuch as baptism him all the his of commanded he that days Are we, as young ladies, seeking to improve is necessary, so is the laying on of hands for the of the the matter Hittite." in save Uriah, life, Only our minds as much as we are striving to adorn our gift of the Holy Ghost, and. all the rest of the we have an as In this (1 Kings, xv, .5). passage bodies with all the fashions of the day? If we ordinances of the Gospel. Plural marriage is as in his all wives did David that surance right taking are not, now is the time to commence. Study the necessary as any other principle of the Gospel. in one for which concubines and instance, except best books you can get, especially those treating If I did not believe in practising plural marriage, When chastised. the he was Nathan, severely I should not think that I was worthy of anyfor upon our holy religion; also the laws of life and this for to him said him, sin,.he prophet, reproved health. Seek good society; use your influence if one principle is wrong the others are wrong also. I gave thee thy master's the Lord of name the "In with the young men you may be associated with to How would we feel if we should pass behind" the unto Lhouse, and thy masters wives thy bosom." "refrain from habits that are not in accordance with vail and see"those who were not - allowed any (2 Samuel, xii, 8). r the mind and will of God. Young ladies, you" privilege to speak to us? I should not expect the have more influence than perhaps you are aware I might quote the passages from the beginning privilege of their society. We must do the work of. President Young stated on one occasion that of theBible to the end thereof, and all would prove that will claim the same blessings, then. Where ' which are these things, the purposes of the Lord, young ladies had more influence than he, "For," are all the faithful Prophets and Patriarchs of old, said he, "you can put a stop to round dancing and Search the Scriptures;. in one eternal round. as well as modern? I want to be worthy to meet I cannot." If we have such an influence as this, them ye think ye have eternal life, but they are them and enjoy their company; I love them, and let us use it for good, and in the direction suggested they that testify of these things. It has not forthe words that they have taught. We can go to bidden these things for which many have to. endure by him. the Bible and read the words of Abraham, that and Beware of those who are not of our faith, or imprisonment the penalty of a broken law, good man he said that he married his sister. who speak lightly of sacred things. Be polite and without a just cause, and with a conscience void (Gen. xxii,i2). "And yet, indeed, she is my sister. courteous to all, and respect old age. Avoid of offense toward the laws of man. God has comShe is the daughter of my father, but not the speaking evil of others. Do not criticise the manded and we must obey.. In this life only can wife." daughter of my mother, and she became my authorities, but pray for them, and for all who are we prepare for the next existence, and because Now this goes to prove that his father practised in trouble or distress. Pay your tithing and fast Lord we try to keep the commandments of God, our plural marriage also. Abraham, whom the Keep the offerings, that you may be blessed. fathers, husbands, brothers and sons are placed his grandespecially favored, had more wives, and Sabbath day holy. Be industrious, prayerful and hefore the tribunal and unjustly condemned, and son is the same Jacob that, when traveling on his humble, for we are living in a most eventful age, rlnnmed to stav in prison for months or years, and certain 'Tourney, (Gen. xxviii, 11), "lighted on a when much depends upon the youth of Zion, and will and do submit for conscience' sake. We sun -the because they all there and tarried night, place, the young ladies are now called upon to- - prehave endured many things, and hope to endure all was set; and he" took of the stones of that place pare themselves for the different positions and things. We feel sorry for our persecutors; they and put. them for his pillow, and lay down in that labors they will have to perform, in helping to rewhat they do; they are measuring arms know.not Behold, dreamed: he place to" sleep." (12). "And deem Zion. Let us set our mark high, and faithwith the Supreme Being, who has said He would a ladder set upon the earth, and the top of it fully and zealously work to it. Be patient, modest not be mocked nor hold them guiltless that oppress reached to heaven, and behold the angels of God and faithful, and study closely the spirit of the His Saints. He has said that offenses must come, be "And, it." on (13). and descending ascending times, and the sentiments of the living prophet, but woe unto them by whom they come. Jesus am the hold, the Lord stood above it, and said,I that light and truth may be your guide through lest ye be judged, condemn not, Lord God of Abraham, thy father, and the God of said, "Judge not, this important epoch of our history. Hold your lest ye be condemned." He said, "Let him that -- Isaac ; the'land whereon thou liest, tothee will V ' : . ' : -- , -- " . His-servantst- - he- -- . . 12-13- 72-7- 3. non-performan- ce . -- .. . -- 1 -- " . J - , 