WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 190 K. S., Y. L. M. 1. A. & P. A. REPORTS. All wise people desire to be educated. They desire it because it gives something: superior.to itself,and emery stake. that something is power; PoweT is desirable Ber cause' more good can be done by its possession Editor Exponent: than can be accomplished without it. Good should be done, and wished, for reasons" and for ends that you have not lately heard 0 Knowing do.; when" wccan and from usj the young ladies of Moab,' I thought higher than the thing itself; ' come will desire there all the good we yet higher 1 would write you a few Hoes: We were organized a few years ago, but for reasons for the 'exercise of our powers than are re- faith tn'fiitll. some reason did not prosper. We were there-(mm w VWUIVU tV UJ ijw fore lately reorganized, and our society is now so we go on from power .to power the highest in a flourishing condition, with Fanny Standi-for- d motives now, becoming, by the lapse of time and as president; Priscilla Warner and Dell the- development of our powers but secondary considerations, that lead to walks "and aims yet Darrow, Counselors; Clara Burnham, Secretary; nice Rose Stuart, Treasurer. We. higher. Not that we ever lose or cease to need this date trees the fruit at weather, being .all the old, but that the old motives, ways, ends and in bloom. , We hare general good health, and aims are ' ever added to, are but the stepping which is higher and nobler still. So withal a splendid climate. stones The Exponent, is a very welcome visitor, I on inrougn.wjp eiernai ycai3; cci auuiciumj; iu do not know what we would do without it. strive for; ever new heights to soar through all Yours, time. Were it otherwise there would cornea time Fanny Standiford, when the immortal would have reached a limit, Priscilla Warner. when for the Infinite there could be no advancement. That limit reached, the joy "pf life, the purmenan. pose of immortality is destroyed, the infinite is v T and religion and faith ingood no longer-infinit- e Menan, May 3, 1887. become an idle mockery and the athiest alone has Editor Exponent.the truth. .. Ah! it is said that those who profess the name As our voice has never been Heard in your fit' Christ will reiect his sweet and boundless phil paper, and as we think it is our turn to give which the world of theories vain for the osophy our ideas, Ve write, after having long talked of w ,t v i Til it rT yi f i. i l.r iuu aar tuiaiuanj ui it: UO POl SaUSly iUU WAUCU .V ; as ever spurious religious unrprtain'coniecture w in scattered a rather Our associations are creeds contained. Wrapt up in their own learning, We ten have condition. fully organized, which, in: the consciousness of great individual powers, as a general thing, are doing pretty well. We men who aver themselves,to be guided by the light have not. visited a3 much as we would have and into lured are the of reasonings liked to, but there are so many inconveniences Holy Spirit to theories that end gloomily enough, for their end that it is impossible at times to cross the streams. However, our aim is to do good and is soon. reached and there is no purpose to them. The heart of the wise man is never closed to any be a benefit to the young. . Some say it is not a the one guided Holy woman's place to preach the Gospel, but we by light. No education a cure think, as sisters, that it is worn an'3 place to Spirit will claim for foFtheworldfs evils. God has made many-thin- know herself,toknow her God, to be ac-quainted with the principles of the Gospel, and to be done in this world. To perform one we certainly have the privilege to teach' and of them to be educated is not all; it is but one exhort ail to.ao rigm, inai Dy Keeping me and yet it is much.: Jt is not in real wisdom to commandments of God they may be blessed. claim that education or universal suffrage,"' or temWe have a beautiful country up here; the perance or honesty will bring to the earth that fields are beginning to look green, and the urmc-iigmnappy conuuiuu wiutii is uic health of the people is generally pretty good. ous and the promise of God. There are many We have had a few deaths in our stake this laws and they must all be observed. season, outnumbered many times, however, by 11 IS da uiai. v c uu licic is iui a. Saint lots of fine babies. and a grander purpose that the Latter-daYour sisters, gives an intelligent reason for living and he alone Susannah R. Lawson, ives it." It is because the theories of the most Mary A. Ricks, ministers are unsatisfactory and vain, Mary A. Raymond, that atheism growiFapace and that the religious Of the Stake Presidency. structure of the civilized world totters and is ready Susan L. Stephens, Sec to fall. The veny ministers who advance these theories realize how insufficient they are; they wasatch stake. cannot trust in their own claims; they are insincere and being insincere are "weak. Had they but Editor Exponent: the strength to trust God and His Holy Spirit for The half yearly conference for the Relief Sodirection we would not see infidelity so rampant. Stake was held in the Heber .,: Dr. "Newman talks well. lie 'tells much truth; ciety of Wasatch Hall,May 6th. On the stand were Prest.Emma but he is without that day star which lights up the Brown and Counselors,presidents of the various understanding of the true and humble follower of branches, Prest. Abram Hatch and Coun. Christ and which tells us why we are here, whence T. H. Giles r of the Stake Presidency, several we came, whither we return and which enables us of our bishops and other brethren. Services to place a just value upon our efforts. singing, "God -- spoke1 the All things, however high, are but the means to word." Prayer offered by Bishop R. S. Duke. things that are higher ; and when women and men Minutes of former conference read and adopted. have attained the education which Dr. Newman Our Stake contains nine branch organizations, would have them, the purpose of life is but seven of which were represented as in a flourlittle nearer its fulfillment;' the mission" of both ishing condition. . has become more important atid a wider field of Prest. Brown in her opening remarks gave immediate necessities to fulfill that mission has some d instructions to the secretaries. but opened. Nof in education is salvation to be Bro. Giles followed with the same subject, to be saved we. must be educated. and gave a few hints regarding the correct fillfound, though The beginning and the end of righteousness is in ing out of the blanks. Our conference was attended by a large num.pbedience to the Supreme Will," for in that The remarks were such as obedience lies the grand and enduring strength of ber of sisters. Christ-lik- e to tended strengthen and encourage all who humility. felt desirous of being built up in the Kingdom! Rupert. . . of God. Several of the brethren also addressed us, and their remarks were well appreciated. The conference then adjourned for six months. Josephine Clufp Jones, Stake Sec . - w - are-havi- ng to-th- .. . - " . i. k - O I , V . . gs io-m- y ad-vanc- ' H. Giles. " '"'-','- '. Woman's Exponent: V Having a matter of business pertaining to the Relief .Society, I feel like penning Editor it-t- Vnil! . .'' - oir well-time- -- .. . President Smoot, Sister M. Daniels and myself visited Benjaminand Lake Shore Wards on the 16th of April. In the morning, we held tmnA mpptinfrt at Rftniamin! ' had a rrod timp ' b"" j attendance of brethren and sisters; we took dinner, then drove to Lake Shore, In the afternoon held meeting at 3 p.m. for the purpose of, organizing a Relief Society. Jlrs. Annie Maria Ferguson was chosen for President, and she chose two counselors, who Were set apart by President Smoot, Bishop Argyle ana counselors, inis section oi country is jar.eiy settled; it is a new ward; they were aUstrangers : be" a good,nd "uni ted peoto me, but seem to ple. Jt i3 a pretty country near Utah Lake, six miles north of Payson. I believe the Relief Society in this Stake will compare pretty well with any othei; there here", and verv readv4 to assist ar ocood'DeoDle f i in anything pertaining to tiie advancement of righteousness in the land. At the present time we are passing through trying. scenes and circumstances; it seems there i3 no way to look for succor or strength but from our Father in C X trVrk i a TTrko xrrirx H 1 a ir seek Him. rri tto fr oil tViACA tViof ' In the past eight months there have ben many changes. I have lost by death a brother and sister, leaving a family of thirteen children I am .called .to undergo between them, and now . i i anomer orueai my iiusuauui turusb iulu pnsuu lor conscience' sake, by .those that have no conscience nor feeling for God or man; but there is a just God in heaven, who will reward everyone according to their merits. The scale will turn some day, and the victory will be. won by the faithful. I hear that Sister Snow is .quite poorly; she has lived to a great age,and has done a good work. May peace and comfort be her portion. Love to all and much to you. Your sister in the covenant, ' ' . Mary John. ed began-by-the-ch- ..'.' - UTAH STAKE. twentieth ward, s. l. city. Editor Exponent: The eighth anniversary of the Primary Association of the Twentieth Ward was held in the" school house, April 21st, 1887, Prest: Emma Toone presiding. After singing and prayer, the minutes of the annual meeting of April 29th, 1886, and the report were read and for the occasion annroved. The x: o ix was next carried out. It wa3 as follows: Recita- rr 1 (l t ! Art Katie Sansome; Es3ay, on good manners, Albert Romney; Duet, Ida San3ome and Ida Sa vager Reading, Georgei Ottinger; Recitation, "A Dream and lis Answer," by Misses Tovey and "Armstrong; Recitation, Master Evans; Song, Alice Clowes; Dialogue, on Politenesi, by four young girls; Questions andr Answers on the Godhead, by the members; Recitation, Pauline Held; Duet, by Sarah Nott and Lizzie Pritchard; Dialogue, "What shall we Follow?" by eight boy3; Essay, "Character," Lizzie Pritchard; Organ Solo, Kate Romney; Recitation, Pearl Culmer; Recitation, "Obedience," by the members; Recitation, Isabelle Romney; Song, Irene Dayncs; Dialogue, Katie .J&ee, nroo-ramm- e 1 Willie and Lee Richards; Recitation, Kathie Culmer; Recitation, Hugh Bainsberry; Recita- - 