WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 130 St. Peters, while equal note; also only glance at her life at She met the Marquis Ossoli at etc.: How rwell acquainted I feel with dear' Groten, where the family moved in 1833. It searching. for some missing friends; he,observing Helen Mar Whitney, Augusta Jovce Crrh her discomfort, assisted her, and, failing to find was there her father died, and there, also, beSister Koxie and marfy others. Hannah f. he home. ' After'this her friends, accompanied gan that never ending series of gentle sacrifices, ' King I never in life saw her face, never first chance meeting, the Marquis was which 3o enrich, yet sadden her life's 'history heard the sound of her voice, yet when her " to pass up and down before the Cold and stern as this father had beeir,-jheie-lt T A - I fait kQlJ:i nic v;atuc. w his devotion to her -- house; and slowly a more familiar acquaintance ucep loss Ot & the fullest appreciatbn-f- or '. friend. education; and though she missevj, as began, which finally ended in an avowal of his love, and an offer of his hand in marriage, It seems to me.thatthis agitation will adverthat innate tenderness a father usually beshe because tise your people widely to the nations, which she at .'first, declined; not stows oq his children, in later years she realized ' she but for scarcely him, his true worth, and attributed hn austere and lacked in affection - 'Who'll learn the truth and real worth and in him inherited think dared earnest; restrained manner more to the nature many have Of Saints who've borne oppression." ) from a race of proud and opinionated men, wondered, at so strange a union. He a young, ... U . . than to a want of an affection for herself. She ' handsome, Italian soldier, of high rank, and , .1 f l ill l( uuc- w nuu u. iuo went i. Willi iuuicc, thirty-sevebrothers of American she an maintained herself and educated her years, the excursionists to California," said to me the lady and t; inters principally by school teaching in phin, literary aud poor; but one would never other day, "Come and spend the day with me, Providence and Boston. Whatever her task, doubt his sincerity after a prru.-a-l of the letters and I'll tell you all about ray visit' to Salt Lake ' she worked laboriously and well, and left exchanged between them, the only records "I will; and then I shall write to the saved of her Italian life savea few reminiiences-o- f City." nothing unfinished.Mormons and tell them what you say abuut -- When men and women grown, these brothers personal friends, who describe him as his v elf, 1 canhoj answered. say anywife's adorer; and her marrrcJ life as complete. Tthem, i "and sisters needed her aid no longer,and she said. She passed' she bad about them," thing The exact date of her marriage hi not tkhown, was free to select her own course, to bein to the Exponent office,..and now regrets that live her true and perfect life, we behold her n.r .but her babe was born September ,5th, 1848.. by she did not pay you a visit. ;. longer young, vivacious and able, in all respects, She was in Italy during the exciting time of I, and many others, watch every phase of to launch rth in her true sphere, the critical, the .Revolution, and her husb.ind bore" arms the great Mormon issue with the greatest inter- exacting, but loved literary world, but in on" the eide xjf the Republic, against family r t Tin .i' iiormonism v netner np. nrnnr, health, completely broken down, and impover-- . and.friend.he performed ajnost noble part, psr. is ished m wealth, still rich in the posse-sioj- s in influencing M r friends on the people's side, to be, a question of vital importance.welL stored mind, aiid of and devoted herself, during these trying times, of - a Wishing you well, and God speed in all that is right, and asking God to preserve and friends and admirers, firm such as to nursing in the hospitals. Always a.leader, nrr.fonf f ha rrirrA anrl Inn rrar f amrrtc rnti T in mind and the literary field, a George JSliot; Ralph Waldo, Emerson, - Elizabeth Hoar Horace Greeley, Dr. Holmes, Nathaniel Haw- - in the hospttals and battlefield, a Florence remain, Your friend, thorne, Theodore Parker, and many, many Nightingale; in. her home and heart, a wife Emily Scott. others of the leading minds of the age. It and mother such as her own sweet mother had 1 1&Q7Tor, -- must have been a woman JusttthcrsublimeTQirmeutr ability who; been before-be- r; could found the first literary club in America, when her futurflooked so bright, how sad that and conduct with ease and grace conversations the end of all should come. on such subjects as only interest philosophers She had strange forebodings concerning her PROTESTS AGAINST THE DISFRANthinkers and the deepest; Yet Margaret homeward voyage, and greatly dreaded the unCHISEMENT OF WOMEN. Fuller did this, and more. She was a reformer; dertaking, but they finally sailed May 17th, ehe wasted no time, in "small talk," but inter18CJ), from Leghorn, and after a long, perilous Hon John D. Long deserves the special ested in the leading subjects of the world the and unplepant journey (the captain having of Massachusetts women for his efldrt thanks ' leading miud3. To think well, and to speak died of small pox, and her own little child to have a separate veto taken upon that clause understanding leads to a desire to advance only saved from the same fate by the most tenn of the bill which .disfranchises thoughts to the universe, and out of the Iiterarv der watchfulness)-th'ecame in sight of the the and Gentile womeir of club grew. The Dial, the first really literary shores of her "own America," only to -- lose Utah. , magazine on this side of the Atlantic, and sight of them forever more. On July 19th, Miss Fuller was given the position of Editor.. at four o'clock, the vessel was wrecked off the Woman Suffragists everywhere, both indi-- The magazine was a quarterly, and though it coast of New Jersey, and the Ossolis found in vidually and as organizations, should write at claimed as" contributors names which now hold each others arm3 an ocean grave. With true once to ihe President, asking him to veto the the highest rank inAmerican literature, it love for her little one's life, she Utah bill which disfranchises the wrung herself lived only four short years. Its early death from its tiny clasp and consigned him to the women of Utah. To punish the innowas certainly due more to an uneducated, his with the that at steward, life, least, cent for the guilty, and to deprive thousands hope public than to a want of genuine be from the and saved borne to of American citizens not convicted of crime wreck, might worth. her friends at home, but, alas! when the shore of the is the acme of right of After the beginning of The Dial Margaret was reached, his little life also had gone to .: political injustice. Fuller's literary career was fully assured, and that other, higher home, and all the friends from that time many rich and perfect gems of ceived of their dear bill which One clause of the Margaret was the lifeless have delighted the literary thought body of her boy, and the touching letters -- passed the U.--S. House of -- Representatives this . ... world. n ni was a ouo uerman great iover,oi literature, written by herself .and husband. week, and is still pending, will, if passed, dis and we are indebted to her for some of the It wa3 a most tragic end; but her life, though franchise the women of Utah. As has orten finest translations of Goethe and Eckermann and we can truly say, been pointed out in the Wom&n8 Journal, this short, was wejl She assisted Horace Greeley in 1844 in editing "She did not live spent, in vain." measure is objectionable, for& two reasons. the New York Tribune, and won great praise A. W. C First, it i3 unjust; second it is useless. It is for her literary criticisms and philanthropic male population of the useless, because discussions. After nearly twojear's labor on Territory is overwhelmingly Mormon, and after this newspaper, Miss Fuller realized the fulfilthe women are disfranchised the Mormons will LETTER FROM OHIO. ment of one of her early lrearasa journey still have a political majority of nearly three to Europe. She was charmed with her visit to to one. ii tauing away tne votes 01 me uuivu , Mrs. Wells: Dear . where she was most reEngland, hospitably would the Gentiles a majority,there woujd" ceived, and had the pleasure of meeting so I have been mad, and sulking: all this time be somegive inducement to do it; but no one claim9" many prominent people, among these, Words.Decause you aid not come to see me when you that it can make any practical difference in t worth, Dr. Chalmers, De Quincy, Johanna went to Washington; but, as the children the result of elections Hence it isy a purely say, Baillie and Carlyle. " 'Taint no fuuoto be mad at a beif the person, gratuitous wrong. The measure isunjust, After a pleasant and most interesting sojourn person don't know you're mad," so I now" cause it decrees an unequal penalty for an in 'Paris, she hastened - to Italy, the country write; to tell you; and to tell you, too, how equal crime; or, rather, it inflicts a gratuitous which had always held for hpr hevmul nil when the Exponent glad my heart was penalty for no crime at all others, the greatest charm, and, though she eame. I had been of you all, and thinking Some years ago, an ignorant knew it not, her destiny as well. Here all the Edmunds-Tucker- . . i n the if ..lKn "hid bill would was convictedi oip 6en"6 fullness of her feminineioul found a sweet, wondering n.ngiisn peasant ' really affect your daily lives or not, wife to another ignorant man for a few shillabiding place, and we beholdTIafgaet Fuller sorry at the turn affairs had taken, and feeling before wishing ings and a pot of beer. The judge in tne sweet aspect ot a wifo aud mother. A to know how when here comes whom the parties were brought sent the just you felt, strange love story hers, but simple and beautithe little messenger from you, containing woman to prison, in order, as he said, to show ful in the extreme Her life in Italy was full x.y yurisuuas Ulll, A JNew i ear s Visit, the men that the majesty of the law roust be of .adventure and saddening" phases, but it was "Candies and Creams," Views on Celestial that crowned with such a perfect love, that her days respected. This is not the first time to Marriage," "Singing Lessons," "A New Hall women have been punished to teach a lesson there were certainly the happiest of 'her life Opened," "Fragrant Leaves," "A Tribute of men? hut if. nnobt.- in bft the last. " ' " . uu-vu- u, t-imj ' . -- ... - i. . n ' " - , : . . . a ls-t- o : - , . - of-gre- at anti-Mormo- f non-polygamo- us ; non-polygamo- -- self-governmen- t, . anti-Mormo- . n . -- - te .. -- . -- to-da- y' . f . -- 