brief, written only to say that the missionaries would "occasionally-- visit near, and at certain periods performed baptisms, and if her con science told her to accept the Gwspel that she might confer with tberu through the Warners, who were now fully conyiuced, and had a great testimony in the healing of Henrr, which - would .b.ea testimony unio her as well. Henry told her how he had been anointed and prayed for, nd had improved, but was unable to walk, and tne missionary nimseJl :carried where" he .was him . into the stream of water, . n. : .it . l i i .1 a : :i baptizearatiu mai uuiueuiaieiy aner mat or" diuauce he had walked; out of the (stream and - had had no trouble ever siuce;" And as soon a we can. we are going to leave this place and gather to Z.UvU. Her life at home seemed now, and she empty . I I r resolved to. explain an to ner parei is. &ne had tried to forget her new faith and be the same as usual; all to no nee, and they must let her choose for herself, bhe announced her de termination to her father, and strove to explain how hard the struggle was to give upr either faith or home, and she begged hi ra, as no child ever plead before, to be lenient, and consider her nosition. not to iudtre harshly, but to let J her. love them and baveth ir love the fame as that now the loved them ever, nav, more. .'Her pleadings and tears were alike , . - - -- ' I -- i she-kue- to the 6rst, he would have no more of her, and she might go to her new found friends, she was no daughter of his. She bowed to bis will, and left her home, not without" great sorrow, for she recalled her happy childhood and girl hood, the fond indulgence of her parents, and as she placed together the few' necessary articles she was to take with her, her heart ached and bitter tears poured down her cheeks. Her fister and mother were most scornful, for they would relent and return in a few believed hours, and could not think her so sincere in her belief as to leave such a home of luxury l r..u r i:.iL icju j: e&p,. u. uui iuvy nine ior poverty, pemaps uiblj the inducements the Gospel held, and could not realize that worldly wealth faded into iusignifi-cenc- e compared with the lightaud life which had been revealed to her. Her father refused tenderly re- lenting, as she was abou t to leave, held her in her arms and told her, if ever she desired she should come back to them; she gave her, also, what ready money she had, and offered, every inducement if only she would remain and yield to their wishes. This was a bitter trial to Alice, but she knew sacrifices had to be made, otherf tvr( that aha miM llPWr fVfl the. I even as it wa done in the Savior's time, and Softlv risinp and failincr.. at, eventide , . Ring out the bells, then Alice herself was h.d forth and received wide vail armd t'e same ordinance. She walked from the O'er the gdldeheir musicys swells"-' water with hope revived, regret all banished; fhe had entered a new life,. and her soul was And the children stop in their play; nnd stand to "hear. And the aged lqok t p with' a qui t smile and a tear, filled with most ecstatic joy. As they think of the hours that come and go, many years now hince that sweet and hile the lulls are ringing for jpy or woe J " sacred night, and Alice ha- - found her a new home in a new land. She"to. Jd EjlaTjll Kinging ringing! ringing. TnT.the still night, ' A joyful chime shortly after her bap'ism, and came a itrangi r to Zion, but kind hart were ready to receive Uhile the world lies sleeping, robed in white, ' her. She never had many regrets,; for, after . .At Christmas time, i h form Telling, with fre. h swret tones, the glid oil tory. ing her friends' of her bapt is m, they refused to see her again; only her sister saw her Bringing a faint, soft echo from thejand of glory W hile the changing hours come and go, the night before she sailed: Two years after her arrival she became the And the bells are ringing for joy or woe! wife of the "dear friend who had fir.--t brought ' . ringing, o'er the city her the Gospel, and who dec! and he loved Ringing! ringing! ith its mighty throng! her and felt as though the would be his the some hearts, all sad and weary, Soothing firt moment his eyes rested "upon her. U iih their happy song. 'Why, then," replied she, "dhl you never tell Rising above. the iin and sorrovv( warft and care. me before ! came away?" Above the sounds of"strife that fill the air; "Can you not. see, Alice, if I had brought And still, as the hours come and go; before you, that your parents' - he lells are ringing fou joy, or woe !. my claim would have been verified, and you might have believed me an impostor, claiming a new .Ringing! ringing!, ringing! recalling fast Old d.iys gone by; faith to help me to win you? No; it was my theTair, green shadowy past Unlocking mission-tteach- the. Gospel, and your gentle " To eye. memory's afforded firm me it of "receiving great way yel of hih resolve, of longings noble, (rtc, happiness, and proved you to be tree- from Telling . 1 V 1 " . - - . - -- owji-feeliu- gs I o -- -- - vanity and worldlinees." Twas Christmas Eve, and all was quiet in Alice's home; the members of the household walked with cautious step and spoke in an un dertone, for in one chamber of the house lay in our sweet Alice, with a tiny babe her arras. She brightly returned her husband's smile, and whispered, "We will call our little one Camelia, our Christmas Flower. It was that flower which first led me to the Gospel, and to you, and perhaps this little, flwer may be the means of leading my family to us." And she aras. not all of them, for the Christ mas which brought the little flower to earth, took to another world Alices mother." Alter this bereavement the father's heart softened, and as the baby fingers first began to write, and sent for grandpa to come, he obeyed, and, with his remaining daughter, who always had had not the believed Alice to force to follow her, soughta refuge in the home" of the daughter he had so cruelly driven forth; but he atoned to the little! one for' it all, and "Grandpa's pet is the purest, fairest little flower a Christmas ever brought." , m-stlii'- be-right- but Annie. , RftlTifi RCrttin if she remained at home, for she could not give up a religion, which held so much for her. She kissed her mother and thauked her, and asked for her blessing, and ''whereever I am, deareft mother, I shall always think of thee and this last hur, and may your hearts be softened, that you will receive me home again." With these words they parted, and the poor girl heard her father's door close behind her never How lonely it eemed, how to be dreary iu the street; twice she turned, as though to retrace her steps, and each time something whispered.' "Do not turn back: the way looks dark, but it will briehten as you proceed. ' At length she' reached Mrs. Warner's humble home and told them her story. They were only too glad to be able to do something for one who had helped and befriended them so long. fnwnrrfa midnicrhf. That whpn nil was -' - - " nirrJitl B hushed and still, with only the stars to light them, and only the sngels to guide them, a smalt party wended their way to the river banks. A beautiful prayer was there offered, and then Alice's stranger friend, with head uucoveredy walked info the midst of the etream, a companion of his followed, leading a young man by the hand; they blessed and immersed him; d. m ft - -- ringing ringing as they rang x ' v Long, long ago ! With echoing peal and merry ..clang 1 hey come and go The children have played and sung, and laughed and wept, down laid them and and And Ihen grown old, slept; ' . And stiH. as the hours onward flow, The bells are ringing for joy or woe ! Ringing I 1 ! - - , such a song chiming pealing Of joy and mirth ! Waking up echoes slubbering Jong ithin the earth, ' Telling their tale of love, and hope, and happy days, From hill to valley he glad song they raise. And still, as the hours come and go, The bells are ringing for joy or woe ! Singing !, 1 " , ! Swinging sadly, solemnly, a mournful' tone. ' Telling of death"! Of sorrowful hearts, Jhat must wander alone On this weary earth; Of silent forms and hands that lie at rest Of voices forever hushed in a passionless breast; W bile the changing hours come and go, And the bells are ringing for joy or woe 1 Of golden moments gone by unheedingly Of the changing hours that come and go, l- Of --thcirfevcr ringing for Joyor-vvo- e ! Ringing! ringing! ringing, s'ill ring on, bells ! 0, V Sth tender pathos to each living one. Yuur music tells That beauty, wealth, and joy must fade and die, That man .muit spend his days as for eternity, Where the changing hours will cease toflow, Where 'tis never ringing for joy or woe! old-tim- e M. MISCELLANEOUS. Miss C. Elbe has passed a successful in dentistry in Sweden. II a m psbi re, h a s i n t reSenate a bill for a conilifu- duced in the U. tional amendment giving suffrage to women. M r. B a i r, of New 1 S- - God openeth many hearts with gentle picklocks, while with others He usefh the crowDur II. Spurgeon- of terrible j'udgments, Let grace and goodness be the principal loadstone of thv Htrections. For love which hath 4ridaalL4uiy-e-fln-rLdwhe- r that which is iounded on true virtue will always continue'.- Dryden. , x We can be thankful to a friend for a few acres, f r a little money; and yet for the freedom and command of the whole earih, and for the great benefits of our being, our life health nd reasonrwe look upon ourselves as under no obli gation. beneca. Pundita Ramabai is meeting with good success iu her effort to raise funds for a school to educate .Hindoo widows, who in turn shall "Kamabai educate their .countrywomen. Circles" have been formed to raise money for her during the next len vyears, after which it is hoped that the school will be Rev. E. F. Hale, Phillips Brooks, and titers are at the head of the central organization, and branches are forming all over the country. The ftuevat Cornell has already a lare membership, and there are circles in Chicago, Sioux'Fulls and elsewhere. Everyone who has read her book, "The High Casta Hindu Woman," must wish the brave little lady success in her work for her unfortunate country-- . self-supportin- heart-breakin- g women. 