WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 116 TTT Exponent VV0MA A E B. EMMEL That this year will be fraught with great interest to this people no one can doubt who has studied the prophecies concerning the latter day work. The one. thing all should endeavor to do is to prepare himself or herself for the day that is coming,lest.he or she be .taken unawares. The events transpiring among the nations are indicative of strife and rebellion. The tendency hear. . Editor. WELLS, in Salt Lake City, Utah Terms Published one copy one year, 82.fX); one copy six months, 51.00. Ten copies for the' price of nine. JLdvertiing,rate3LachqUftret&n.ng3of nonpareil A liberal discount space, one time, $2.00; per month, S3.00 to regular advertisers Exponent office, No. 2.) E., South Temple Street, second trat'e east of Deseret News Office. Business boure fro 10 n.m to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. communications to Address " PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT," , 1 semi-monthl- ; y, . to monopolies is arousing the working people, who are contributors to wealth, and the inattention of those in power to' redressing grievance and suppressing wrongs that exist is a continual source of agitation and will tend, at least, to uprisings among a class who will be defiant and perhaps Cruel, the rumblings and mutterings one hears Salt Lake City. Utah from time to time in reference to these matters 1886. ought to be remedied "if possible, to avert such a Salt Lake City, January r, terrible calamity as aserious outbreak would be to this nation. The people of the United States THE NEW YEAR. have a great deal to say about; the. majority ruling but if the matter at issue of Labor vs. Capital How little any of us know, unless by the spirit were to be tested it would be found that labor was of prophecy at the commencement of a newyear, " the vast majority. what awaits us, or our friends, or our people, ere A sort' of labor system,; such as the year shall draw to a close. Standing upon the threshold or tins new year,-- u is easy to see wnai -- m.igh"t be inaugurated by men of influence, would barriers have been thrown up in the past one to do much toward bettering and elevating the work .- I ' . iL -- ii J t environ auoui me ing classes, and confidence might be created, and oainib, auu iu innuer their temporal and financial progress. But the a better and broader humanity be the rule, instead of the exception. If men of great personal and spirltu al advancement, these toes, to the faints is in not cannot stay in its onward march; .that public ability would pattern after Brigham Young freedom the curtail of cannot their power They and the Mormons, instead of Jay Gould and rail en vvhen the. bod v is incar the road magnates, the y might become publ ic be ne fac cerated in prison; of this there has been abundtors, and receive the prayers and the blessings of ant proof during the year now just drawn to a the laborer, instead of his deep muttered curses. final close. The work they now seek to destroy is The love of money and display, the luxuriance still marching forward gloriously, notwithstanding that is the outgrowth of these two propensities, is in .the way. Faith in the many obstacles thrown detrimental to the best interests of any community, will overcome and the and these Ire growing stronger and spreading in God, humility and patience will the of storm hate and America. The Lord is not pleased with those triumph, though right error may rage fiercely and the days and times who selfishly aggrandize themselves to the exclu. the future. in near still darker much sion of the higher and nobler sentiments and grow Though has" transpired during the year that is past and attributes that benefit all mankind, and He has "gone that may with all propriety be called perse never yet prosperedta nation ior-an-y great length the has not enemy" cution, yet of time that gave itself up to the abandon of accomplished that which was anticipated; the Lord has taken charge wealth and pleasure seeking and extravagance. of His chosen servants who are in exile., who stand In all the revelations given to the Latter-da- y as pillars in the structure of the Church, and has Saints, the observance of- the rules of strict in them in not if and not preserved safety, peace, economy has been enjoined upon them, and the a hair of their heads, has been harmed. To be preservation of health and prolongation of human sure o tie of the apostles was taken but that very life; . and luxuriant living is the very opposite. has preached the Gospel and taught the thing Excess of amusements and late hours, with the of in the principle plural marriage highest court consequent results, are in their tendency de of the country, and in this the hand of the Al- moralizing, and should be discountenanced by all the that of that mighty'is plainly visible,in those who are aiming for moral and social purity, Judges Court are left without excuse. and the development of the hrgher and nobler at in view oi tne great good being done by the tributes of head and heart. persistent persecution and oppression of this'peo-pl- e "It is to be hoped that in the year now opening in several directions-- , perhaps after all there is be made in Zion, spiritual, more reason to rejoice than to mourn, for many of up great progress may mental and moral, as well as temporal, and that those whose faith was waning have wakened up the.oppressors chains may be broken, the prison and are growing brighter and more earnest in doors be opened, and the captive, .Imprisoned for their endeavors to live their religion. Union is conscience- sake, go forth' free and unmolested. g increasing and there seems to be less And with the. most earnest prayer for all who sufthan in the days of prosperity. No doubt the fer persecutionsand for all the tried and sorrowtendency of the weekly prayer meetings has ful ones, let the prayers of the faithful Saints as i i .L. lit' j., j una c auu iv iuc yiuum-cucci, ucipcu people reauy cend day and night, that all may go on to perfec feel, taken as a whole, the necessity of leaning tion, and arrive at the unity- of the faith. And upon the Lord more on account of being deprived coupled with this wish, the Exponent extends of the constant advice, and suggestions of the congratulations of the season and a happy new Presidency of the Chcrch. It is very apparent . year to all. inai iviormonism is coming to oe Detter understood, "What thou hast in store because of the opposition. l causes people to This coming year I do not stop to ask; read and enquire who never would have thought Enough, if day by day there dawns before seriously of the matter, had it not been so loudly Me my appointed task." ;: proclaimed against, and the very persons who are doing their utmost to tear in pieces the Church and its institutions, are, by their vehemence and EVAN STEPHENS' SINGING CLASSES. the truth. And animosity, spreading though it is not expected all who hear will believe, yet the For some years a great deal has been said Gospel must be sounded to all. nations and the about Bro. Stephens' wonderful faculty for teachme uic iic ior raiders way and and it is well known that his efforts aviujj vppuaiuyu ing singing, Church literature to reach a greater number than in behalf of the youth of Zion have already been could otherwise hav been aroused to read and attended with the 'though the half , all-busin- . ve 1 ". . , 1 soul.-notev- 1 . -- - , - fault-findin- iri best-succes- s, has not .been told." The greatest work, however in this direction, is probably still in the future as- huj aiiwHwj uiu a ouuJiauuAi ILK U U&WOQ Oil which to build a musical structure, and among the hac nil tVi - atrrrA mit.-:nvnnth nf 7inn . UkV,cs- j '! sary for the fine .work he has undertaken. The public has heard through the daily papers some of his plans now in progress in regard to the training of "our boys and girls," being much interested in the cultivation of music, and especially the hunun" voice, we have watched from time to time the course Bro. Stephens has pursued andnoticed his desire to perform public service in his particular line of work aid we feel an intense interest in the matter. The writer had the pleasure of meeting Bro. Stephens in Boston at the New England Con- . e t J i servaioryoi music usi wmicr, anu io'ina ne naa won the admiration. of his fellow students as genius, as well as by his genial manners even though he was known to be a "Mormon.' At his invitation and in his company we attended one of the entertainments given by the students,and saw the magnificent new halL beautifully illumin ated, and listened to the cultivated voices of the men and women, who make musicaDro-s ' 4voun? O fession. In the midst of the enjoyment of the hour our thoughts wandered back to Zion, and we could not help feeling that we had as good material here as was gathered there, or even better, and that the luturc would devoiop nere at home, mfflflrltr nf vr?r that wnuM fill th sarrrl tm. pies, tabernacles and hall of Zion with vocal music of the highest type. But to accomplish this .the student must be ia terested in the work as well as the teacher. It is impossible to perform a labor of this k!ndwithout united effort, and to cultivate a taste or music and develop the voices of the young will tend to refinement and social elevation of character. Bro. Stephens has kindly favored us with a few items that the readers of the Exponent may per- naps use 10 auvaniagcm - aiuingumt-v- y men in the generous labor he has striven so ' industriously to perform. Brother Stephens hasu at present the following classes: First, ome of one hundred children both sexes reading music from the nates and learning adchorus singing. Second, one of twenty-fiv- e vanced children students studying solo singing and advanced reading. Third, about 100 just starting to read music and part singing. Fourth, five hundred children selected from Sunday School to learn alto to Sunday School pieces. This class is taught free There is also class of about fifty young men and young women at the the Deseret University studying: vocal music and how to teach it in the public schools and elsewhere. An evening class, numbering over 100 young . men and young w0men,studying classic music and operapirconnectionwith advanced reading and expression, etc, and a class of adults just starting to read " music. The school teachers of the country also receive some instructions in reading and how to teach. Another large class for the purpose of teaching all the brethren attending the Sunday Schools of the city to sing tenor and bass, is shortly to be organized. The whole now numbering something over a thousand. The children of widows and those in poor circumstances are always, received and made welcome to Bro. Stevens' reading classes, free of charge.and quite a number attend. ntriiaa in mmu inc csiauiismug ut in giving such - permanent instruction in classes, and also free scholarships to such as show great talent and deserve special recognition of their efforts to study. Some concerts will De giveu between now and Spring in brder to raise means for this object. An afternoon class for ladies only is to be organized early in this year. Bro. Stephens earnest and ardent desire is to lay a foundation for the future musical progress - " " 1 1 1. 1 a . " ... - - 