WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 1J2 was born in Penbrockshire, South Wales, October 31st, 1806. "Was the mother of thirteen children, four of whom .are living. Sister Powell emigrated to this country from Rymie Aderdare, Wales, 1865, and to Utah in 1871. She Please accent this rambling letter, as I be- lieve some of the readers of our Exponent will be pleased to bear of my safe return to the south. I will try, ere long, to tell you some thing of the moved to this place, Samaria, Idaho, with her youngest son, December 22nd, : 1873, where, she has resided ever since. During her residence here she acted in, the capacity of first counselor to the president of the Relief Society, which position she hoqorably filled. On the i5thof "this month, while preparing to go to Sab--bath school, in the house of Sister M. D. Davis, which was her home, she suddenly fell dead. A coroner's inquest was soon called and a verdict rendered to the effect that the deceased came to her death from natural causes. On the following day the funeral services were held in the Samaria school-housand after the benediction the deceased was followed by the vehicles of the officers of the Relief Society, Y. L. M. and Primary Associations. The its way to the grave vehicle containing the corpse-wende- d vehicles followed numerous containing friends of by yard we engaged in prayer, a the deceased. At the grave-yar- d hymn was sung, then all that was earthly of our Sister was confined to mother earth. The spirit had taken its flight to Paradise. Respectfully your Sister in the irospel. M, D. DAVIS, Pres. Relief Society. JNavajos. .JSvcr. wishing to remember and be remem bered by the humble and good, l am, Your sister, - Mary Stewart Burnham. - A BIRTHDAY. Editor Exponent: Foreman, the members ot tho West rieDer. Ward Relief Society decided to give her a surprise party, which, under the.able management of Sister Muruock and others, was a complete . success. 6 Hannah Harbour, Sec. EAGLE ANOTHER A I IT CRAZE. The latest art work among ladies is known as the "French Craze", for decorating china, glassware, etc. It 13 something entirely new, and is both profitable and fascinating.- -- It i3 very popular in New York,Boston and other Eastern cities. To ladies desiring to learn the Art, we will send an elegant china placque (18 inches,) handsomely decorated, for a model, together with a box of material, 100 colored de signs assorted - in flowers, animals- ,- soldiers, landscapes, etc., complete, with full instructions, upon receipt of only $1.00.-T-he placque alone is worth more than the amount charged. To every lady ordering this outfit who encloses the address of five other ladie3 interested in Art matters, to whom we can mail our new catalogue of Art Goods, we will enclose extra and without charge, a beautiful 30 inch, gold- - The Leading Retail Oasli House R.KTHOMAS TIM N ERS, CAS, WATER & STEAM FITTERS 3-Ag- . work. . OBITUARIES. We feel to mourn the loss of our beloved sister, Elizabeth G:fton, of Walfcburg, Wasatch County, who departed "this lock in theH ppriHt7th7 I887rt after a and which she bore long morning, painful illness, with Christian fortitude Sister Cljfton was born August EfaglandrStTg "list, 1822, in in the Utah in 1863. and to 1S43, Gospel emigrated obeyed Resided in Salt rLAke City until 1874, when she moved to Wallsburg, Wasatch County. On July 21st, 1879, she was appointed by the voice of her sisters to preside over the Relief Society, which she did faithfully to the last. Cfepelr-ofTrilhT-Derbyshi- arAdlmi U7ID JAU3J. LAI Z CITT.' Box 338. SALT ESTABLISHED OCTOBER, 1888. 0. M. I SALT LAKE CITY. Utah. IMPUKTERS AND JOBBERS OF II I DryG n 11 1 sHoiKhocenes ! re, Francis Kerby, Acting Bishop. Dcseret News please copy. Died, at the residence of her daughter, Mary Ellen White, in the First Ward of, Beaver City, on April 26th, She was born in York1837, Ann Long W.- Holbrook. shire, England, October 6th, 1807, and with her. husband, Charles Woodhouse, embraced the Gospel in their native land; in 1857 she emigrated to St. Louis, Mo., with seven children, and there the hand of death fell heavily upon her : taking rom her a kind husband and one child. Notwithstanding this sore trial, through her indomitable courage and perseverance, she, the following year, with her six remaining children, came to Salt Lake City, and resided since then in different settlements of the Saints. At the time of her demise she was the plural wife of Elder O. Holbrook-o- f Fillmore, Millard Co. She was full of integrity, true to ' every principle of the Gospel as revealed in these last days, liberal in donations and tithes, and faithful in the performance of the office of teacher in the Relief Society, which position she filled a number of years; she was ever ready - to administer in word or deed as the occasion required, and the Society of Beaver feel that we have lost one of Zion's " noblest daughters, a mother in Israel in very deed.7 Con-- . , doling with her bereaved family may we emulate her many virtues. Com. - Editor Exponent: Address, The Empire News Co., Syracuse, N. Y. for RUllSKVS celebrated LIFT an& FQ tWK ent PtJMPd. Pumps Ilepalrod ou short uotlca. Orders irom the country promptly responded to. -- Beginning in September next, Miss Rose Elizabeth Cleveland will be associated with Mrs. Sylvanus Reed in the management of a school for 'young ladies in New York City. .Miss Cleveland will become first assistant, and will deliver lectures on American history. She is not to engage in newspaper or magazine EfPOMI, SALT LAKE CITY. e, the 7tb anniver- April sary of tho birthday ot President Uiitnenne 23111,71887, being They met at the Relief. Hall to the number ot iorty, wnere taoles were set, loaded witn tne bounties of life, of which all freely partook, after which the President received a present of a black cashmere dress, the Secretary and Treasu rer aho jecei ving s u i tabl e presents. Th is wa3 followed by many ot the members testily-in- g of the faithfulness of the President, and in having a good time generally. E.K.TH0MA1 "f ' It becomes my painful duty to unnounce the death of a dearly beloved sister and in the work of God. Sister Margaret Powell, widow of the late Daniel Powel I, co-labo- HEAVY AND SHlELF HARDWARE, BARGAIN IN MUSIC. Thi3 Favorite Album of Song3 and Ballads, pieces of choice and popucontaining thirty-twlar music, full sheet music size, with complete words and music and piano accompaniment is heavy paper, with a very finely printed upon attractive cover. " The following" are the titles GLASS AND QUEENSWARE, ELEGANT CUT GLASS, o AGRICULTURAL TOOLS AND IMPLEMENTS, CLOTH AND CLOTHING, of the songs and ballads contained in the Favorite Album: As I'd Nothing Else to Do;-Th- e PURE DRUGS AND CHEMICALS, Dear Old Song3 of Home; Mother, Watch CARPETS AND WALL PAPERS, ALL the Little feet; Oh, You Pretty Blue-eye- d Witch; Blue Eyes; Katy's Letter; The Passim? GRADES AND NEWEST DESIGNS. Bell; L Saw Esau Kissing Kate; Won't You Tell Me Why, Robin; The Old Garden Gate; tST. W carry a largt r and more complete Down below the Waving Lindens; Faded Leaves; All Among the7 Summer Roses; Touch Stock than any hense In the west. the Harp Gently, my Pretty Louise; I Really H. ELDREDCE, Don't Think I Shall Marry; Dreaming of Home; The old Cottage Clock; Across the Spa- A Year ; Ago; Bachelor's Hall; Ruth and hi V"1 . IT J XT TLi. r IT Ajoou nigm; une nappy 1 ear Ago; Jennie in the Orchard; The Old Barn Gate; Jack's Farewell; Polly; Whisper in the Twilight. This is a very fine collection of real vocal gems, and Will bo found the latest styles and pioductlons gotten up in very: handsome stvle. Published -.. '1 in : in the usual way and bought a"t a music store these 32 pieces would cost you 11.20. We' LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, bought a job lot of this music at a great sacriFANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, fice, and as the holidays are past, we desire to RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES, close out our stock at once. Will send vou the And an elegant assortmenf of entire collection, well wrapped and postpaid, IDIR "3T O-for only 40 cts. Send immediately. ; J : 'a Address, The Empire News Co., Special department for Iiadiea, ML8e' and Syracuse, . Shoea. 112, 114, 110, 118 Skat TempU Sire 8. Supt. v Special to the Ladies. " AT TEASDEL'S . ' - ', . . O O JDS In-ant- . . 