EXPONENT. WOMAN'S 72 f-three month?.'" Singing, Meeting adjourned to the time when they wero looking forward 'JL'Wjl thank Thee, jOJjod, for a Brophet." j tnose wito are in auimnii; Benediction by Elder to associate with and visit them. Trayed GoI 3Iattii: B. GANNO"Stake Sec. to point out our duties plaiftly to u,auu am us by His Holy Spirit to do the same. ' , After Hinging and prayer, meeting adjourned ITEMS FROM N JvELEY VILLE. T .'r.",;r; ; T until 2 p in. commenced by singing, Mrs. 'Emmeline B. AY'ells: - 2 p.m.: Meeting "Come, all ye sous of Zion."- Prayer by ' Dka'r Sisthk: We I bought perhaps a small "I'raue to Bishop Thomas Wallace. Singing, contribution ou onr. part 'might- - be , the man," etc. to our valuable puper. . Couu. II. C. Brown said she was pleaded to Our Rt het icietv lssfeadilv ploddmg tiion it u too, so Ver v m i nV - here, and' was t h a n k f and. lis a general thing-g od feeling prevails r iuiudijhe blessings ot and to reiyio f'ma-ifi .1 xo.a ft'M-f- t lr. ffrnditioH- which makes du II power " . upon HiuT for strength is u. it very iiicoiiveni-ntmm iiwi. i me. to tuaiiK wni felt will,aud visiter in our5 mid?t. .May it ever S. Richards and Siter Wells and so manyliit in its noble effort's of doing good. We the HsterB throughout the county were able to prosper i - -- r r-- . ; ' . - . ' ' . 1 , a Uo';u y - I Thc-:Exi'0.KX- ..,iul . thi rnniVTHiCi5. was always glad, to Ouu. Emily Shurtlifl' meet with her, sisters and leit mat vve jkiu brought a goodly portion of the Holy Spirit to- remain, Your titers m t.hc GoVpel of Christ,. Elizabi.tii Dill, Julia Thornton, ' Brc .4., Sec. conditions of the Municipal Franchise of Belfast to .those 'which, prevail in Great Britain, and this reform includes the extension of the "the-acsuffrage to "women- - V 'The operation of but there can be no doubt is limked that a similar rule must be extended ere long to all Irish boroughs. Meantime, it is possible that without special legislation the ordinary law,, coupled with the Interpretation Act and the usage in Great Britain, may sustain tfie claim of women in Dublin and ther districts,, to be put upon the municipal register when' next the lists- are revised Ex. t " ; - The history of the New Zealand Vroraan's Fmnr-hlill is cncou raging and instructive. The. encouragement is derived from a compari son with the fate of a similar proposal in 187$ In September of thatjear, in Committee on an Electoral Bill, an amendment "was moved by Mr. AVallis to omit the word male from the clause relating to the qualification of electors.This amendment was rejected by thirty-sii x the-secon- d d, M nt n - . ": .K. THOMAS . . EMPORIUM EAfiLE J Leadin J Retail dross-refor- -- n Cash ' oxise Si K...T HOMA.S ' iVXD Ji.lvCE3 - ivin-Liverp- ool, -- t WhIos,-liolhuid- , dn-nm- of-'ih- g unr d e h - Special to the Ladies. AT TEASDEyS '' . ' to-da- y; DRY O-OOD- In-ant- 's , ? ' . vofeTaHInttweul-- s 4Oi with "us, amUvuld be blessed in :nieetmg in 1878, of ten against woman suffrage. This ASSOCIATION SILK REORGANIZED. gether to day. vear reading of Sir Julius Vogel's Sister Almira Raymond never felt more deBill .was carried by a "majority of nineteen, an termined and anxious to serve God and keep i Editor Exponent: ; ... ..... seem. toibe advance of opinion. which-woulHis commandments than affile present, time humble decisive on the : question.; If the suffragists W.e ..wish to, give publicity through the Prayed God to bless us and keepiw had accepted a limitation of property, the bill columns of our paper that at our'la.st Stake and prayerful. felt would have passed; the principle of woman IWief Soeiety Conference,: li hl "Sept, - 2nd, Sisters EII'h, Taylor and Bingham Smoofc set apart Si?tr M.aA. suffrage would then have been irrevocably eswell, and rejoiced in the Gospel and their 18S7, of tablished in the colony, and its further applica- duties in' the Relief Society, and hoped to Till as President of the. Silk A ;ciati'-;this wStake, "and Sisters Sarah Sounders and tion would have been simply a question "of prove faithful. she time. Ex. Sarah Goodman were appointed as her CounSUtejvE. Wells, in heri mremark', said each ' selors. thought it was quiteaT portaivrrfor was as it and faithful, member to be energetic ,On account of (he demise of the late Presitbnir to honor officers and for the President dent, Sister Ilest' r Beebee, the Association has be very charitable' been inactive., ; We we should and that now.K:umo tlie business, position, and' tfesire the aid of those previously interand pray for each'other in our various'duties. Gave au interesting account of a visit she had ested, and hope those who have not heretofore' mide to her old New England home, and lent their endeavors towards the "assist 'by planting mulberry" trees and Epoke of the necessity of the best of order to Saints in the of - , '. in the observed be meetings raising cocoons. bo sucmore all their organizations, as we can Respectfully your sisfer in the Gospel, we observe if cessful in accomplishing good Jane IVJonks, Sec. order and method iu all our undertakings Said her "greatest desire was to do good, and SAI,T LAKE CITY. eduNOTES AND NEWS. prayed lhat we all would feela desire to cate ou rse Ives a nTl - perfect ourselves i n he Margaret Dale Owen h v;ri! ing .;;nd -- faking glorious principles ot. the Gospel, so that we Zion. the in favor of an original can teach our children and youth of garb, The, towards be charitable should more e which is called the Dale-Owerobe. Shu is Thought all our brethren and sisters. granddaughter of Robert Owen. Brest. L. W Shurtlitf was glad, as he alM A the sisters in conference, Fanny Kemble is living in' England. A ways was, to meet with ' "Vi si is her rfrom and hoped goon- to see Sister Snow Smith in expeci eTra t"l HoxTtM a ss and the there will. give her a warm repeople this county; would move for a special meeting the tower of at any time he was able to come, and would ception.' The clock and bell-ithe Congregational Church were a present from circulate the news of throughout the her. ; Stake, and have printed notices distributed, so that the Xabemacle would be. tilled to welcome" lrs. Helen M. Qougir will not ret urn. from her. II? then called for a vote troln the sisEurope until October, being detained a month ters to sustaia Brest Jane S. Richards in her longer than anticipated by the serious illoffice and calling in this Stake of Zion by their 5c CO., ness of her husband. She writes the Journal faith and prayers and good works. The vote from Wiesbaden; Germany, that they hooe to TINNERS, CAS, WATER & STEAM FITTERS was unanimous Brayed that we might be be able to sail with the City of Rune., h humble even as little children, aud ever do the for UUMSEyn celebrated LIFT and FORCE 28. Sept. Their; summer ha will of God. PUMPS. Pumps Repalrei on sho-- notice. Orders irona been spent in traveling . through IHa.n.d Coun. C F. Middleton felt proud of the ihe country promptly responded to. Scotland, England, Belgium" with so of 'noble associating many eTAddreca. EA7ID 1VJLZ2. Bit 3CS. CiLT LAI 3 CIT7. privilege France, Italy, Switzerland,' Austria auGer-mm- y men and women, aud made some very good fe-- . Mrs. Gougar will proijably sppnd a marks. tew days iu Bostoir before going West, he Sifrter McBride, Brest, of Eden Ward, was work Novcm'b herp.atform Church-atiT ' ) in the 1' .pi" aud of a place kingdom the the Chieago braueh of R.'d-patainpices fVlt to and even as she of God, rejoice now, Lyceum Bureau."1 J Besides her lectures did while drawing her handcart across the upon woman su linage and temperanc:-- , she will Will bo found the latest styles and pioductions plains. Gave Home excellent instructions on her popular "lecture upon 'Tn laud'' and: "' the word of wisdom, and the great blessings give ,' in her new one on VParty, Prfes and that would follow, the observance of the same. Beople."- -LACES, RUCHES, EMBRO DERIES, Brest J. S. Richards thauked the sisters FAKS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, felt desirous of for their attendance Greatsatisfiction is fVIt at the extension , RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES, of he mumcpal doing good p.s long as she lived, and hoped to to women suihage in And ah elegant, assortmenf of have the faith and prayers of all the sisters, rius has becmtff,cte.i reform a bill for by the for. asked a vote sustain to her Counselors of theand S. Municipal Corporation of Bdfi.f in herself labors with the equal pertaiuiucr to hitherto elected on a Special department very restricted franehi.e for Ladies' Missea' and thi lUlwf Socidty. ' Tho voU waj unanimouj. " An ,ct has been Shoe. which pasd aimmilatei 112, 1H, 110, 118 Easl 'Templ Sire Bre-ide- . - 