WOMANXPONENT. J8 Utah Commission has been Descrcl AVotfand Salt Lake publised in full in Herald, and 1 we think : every woman as well as every man should read if and see for themselves just how the "Mormon" question ' rtifi with Hlaid; J which had been given; hut kit PresL. tlic iJ. k puts r,H( , meeting-?- th-i- . -- fV i t -- -- theeewas 'an inexcusable tlackne with a good many In regard to their meeting. Had visited ii rent branch s since hist cmfeiei!ce,and ! - , V'-.Vi- many the innocent person. Spoke of tn'ing times .the Saints were pacing through; let them rejoice and tu-- t in God, for He alone can cany us safely .through. Wished to hear from the ' brethren pre.-e- t. Bro. Henry Rogers was pleased ttrTopoud 'to the call made upon' him. Spoke in regard to" the first organization of the Rrmd Society by 'Joseph Smith",, the Prophet of the Most sorrtMV brought R. A, Y. L. PA. M. 1. REPORTS; ' . 8AN JUAN STAKE. n Th'c conference of the Relief Society, and Y. L. M. L A-- - of Sua Juaii --Stake was held at - . ,. Mancos, Colorado, Aug. 27th, 187, Prest. "J. M. Walton providing. After the mini open-inwere rep rted, iJih (joiI. They wire, hi tended good, and. exerci, the Tht wards 'all of which were good condition. Shut were a great bem fit hen carried on properly. the the spirit of Martha Hammond was chosen Second Counselor "Leti us avoid. , i i. . r sra :e. or Hue civ. iv an vomo.ireti me to J. M, Walton, and was unanimously sustained, and was set apart by President I A . Saints to wheat and tares- "Are we wheat A lit he sisters m a n i fe ted a goo .. Hamm on d 'alf.tLVi'r dutit-sthat they might retain a name spirit, and dedred to live their religion. The Young Lidies occupied a portion of the and place in the Church and kingdom of God. The Bro. Charles Rob son sjmke of the evil time, Prest. Moselle Hail presiding. the different are urduinls" ctinTinually t jead YoiiTiLa lies' "Ttsuatmh-fofi wards were reported TugoTyd eon-- ttoTi k n da1T us astray. 'Goud and edl are placid lie tore Let us sicnre feeling well. Siugiug. Benediction by Bishop us, which t will" 'we chouse? i i:r. 1. . .1 Jena Niels.ou. Lieiiiui Hif- uy iiniDMiij,' luv; guuu con unuiiiiii.. .,. l Jane M. Walton', Prest., Spoke of the benefit.. of prayer. "Our hearts : Julia Butt, Sec. should be lifted in prayer- to God while we arc 'at our labor.; and blessings will flow on every JUAHLZ. hand. Let uspraV; fjr our oflietrs, instead of criiicising. them. .Gave some good, instruc Editor Ex tions in, regard to the princij)les of obedience; tins pnnciple to their Thinking you would like to hear something exhorud mothers to teach . children. from our dlelief Society in i'ar off Mexico, I They w re followed in their remarks by will give you a brief account of our organiza . Bishops Pomeroy and Stewart, wlio felt to ention. Our Relief Society was organized July 7th, dorse what had been said, and to encourage the sisters in their good work. Presi1887, Sister Elizabeth Hawkins, The names of the Relief Society officers of dent; Sarah A. Corden and Phebe Fife, Counh S t a k e av eie th e n J) res e n ted to t h e con fe r en ce, t e ami Salena selors; Elizabeth I Ianiesjx cretary, Corden, Treasurer. Apostle ErastuSnow was and jvere sustained unanimously; the statistical present and assisted in organizing, also Sister and financial report was also read by theSecre- ftl inerva TnmvlVTt3vlTn lis, and gave many After a few remarks We hold our meetings "coo'd iustruciiohs. President, con have thirty-nin- e names ference adjourn d.for three months. Singing, semimonthly. 0,vThou Great Jehovah'.". Beneenrolled, and fifteen average attendanceMost "Guide. diction by Bro. Charles Allen. y'of the people enjoy good health, and appreci ate the peace we enjoy here. Sakau M Pomekoy, Scc, .' "' lr a diff-ren- v ' - f:iult-fifjdi;jg"- ". . - ) . i . - . 1 , inllu-Vncesrvhlc- h " -- . i . . 1 - ; - - " Industry I viewed by the Commission and how needful they Ihe-tiilt h ink it to" have furthe r 1 egi slalion. In consider atfpirit-whie- h felr gratifi' d t with Lthc-gm- d with ing this subject it 'seems Impossible for men subtheir meetings. Spoke, upon the l !. i 'dr furl 1ir nprcf riitinn Ytf .7 tended , net of s . ander ' am of the baneful influence. it peon e already, as it were, pushed to the extreme;) J t :f " can think : mcfch the Commiss more how poss., l lould not' have a place in ouf "even one cannot be borne imagine hly an and heart-ache- s to ..- -.. fcatid'action that Ten.lts from this cause, has never known v.djat genuine happiness is. and fait 'mi! to their preeuat dutis connected with their organization. tl Tiifi report of the is honorable, idleness- Girls, in making choice u-- Eli hetti I Iaivjcu Elizabetii IIainks, by-th- e s Jr&i 7 . I I 1 I . . n, MOTHERS! DON:!; An indignant but. sensible frieud of mine exclainn d the other day, ."There should be a law passed against tiny infants being paraded in public." If mothers with babies tiiree or four weeks old are able, witherfecf safety for their f'ut are us well - us presvent good to bo on the streets, (which I very much doubt in this degenerate age) well and good, if you run out for an hour or two for a Mehango" but ob do i h e lt tie red, wrigu ling, v'r i tj e iv yngj b ts of humanity sale at home in their cosy cribs away from the glare of sun and changes of , wind and weather. . The public are not particularly interested in your individual won,der, and tlre; is such a feeling ofa pity expressed" for the little martyrs on exhibition in trailing and multitfklious skirts, elaborate cloaks and fluffy hoods. Do let the. downy human bird lings"'', stay in the home nest until iulLlledged. L. ' 1 ; GEMS. "The seeds of love can never grow but under the warm' and gonial influence of kindly feel- ings ami aikctionate manners. '. t - ' 1 ;L F i I . helieyeineiirci)f theJamily.-I- f ii; this' world- there is anything splendid, it is a home where all are equal." - The path from an open violation of con" .science to a condition of religious doubt, is as d i rect as that which leads to heaven. J". G. "". " Holland. : - : . -.-- "In life it ia difficult to say who do us the most iiijuryamC work the worst mischief, enemies with the worst intentions, or friends with -- Dhak Sistkhs: The Relief Society of Maricopa Stake held" their quarterly conference at Zenos, Sept. 22nd, The inspired servants of God,both ancient and Mrs.E. G. McD.)iir modern, prove that idleness is a sin. Idleness 1887 .commencing aid presiding. A number of the brethren were is not commendable in any one.- Industry and present, including Bro. Henry Rogers and diligence in any useful pursuit is a becomihg Charles I. Robsou of the Stake Presidency; trait in any oue's character. The Lord, in one also Bishop Pomerpy and Counselors. After of His to Joseph'"Smith, reyelatioosi the usual preliminaries of ringing and prayer, expressive injunction to the Saints: gives ihjs the roll of Stake officers was called and minutes ,r''CeasC ,to4 Iridic; cease to be unclean; cease of previous con ferenceTread ami approved, Prest. E. G. McDonald-mada few remarks, ;to fiudT;tuL'With oue.aiiotherjj'etire to thy bed ; arise earlv and prayed that the Spirit of God- would direct early, that ye may hot ana oooics mat y.rur mitufs may be in- us in our meeting. Desired to' hear the reports jour auo. vigor 1 his was refrom the different branches'. the to with This counsel is not' for- the poor alone, but sponded exception of the Tempe branch,5 which was not in working order, on lor all who wwuld be. accept d of the Lord. account of the general move being made from iNo person is jibtimd, whatever; may be Ms that branch. fortune, m spending, his lime in idleness. Not Conn. Adelaide Allen represented the Mesa only is industry enjoined by the Almhdity Ward; Prest. Lizzie McDonald, Lfhi; Prest. but it is happiness in this life, which wJ are' Ann Kleinmau, Almy. All, spoke in praiie of all tor. The who striving thinks that person' the faithful few in their several branches; the happmvss i to be found in luxurious idleness few who were always' .ready with generous makes a ureat mistake. Industry brings health hearts and willing hands to comfort thofe who and the ability to coufr benefirs upon others. were in trouble and assist the needy; always The person who has never "felt the joy and all-p.m.- - . e . - -- e jSee. " STAKE. I i .'" IDLENESS. MARICOPA degrading. husband, shun the . .- . u i.s wishes to make; a liv-idler, or the person-wh- o ing without work. If there are any of our ac-- " nuaintances who think' there are better ways of a living than bv hontit. labor, they are ' r. P .inistaKin, an-- oeware oi allowing youraiteQ-tion- s the least. If to go,out toward them-ir you j jiii fortunes with such a person" for life,' I the clutuces.are you will have to support, him, or be degraded and mortified by seeing him. nsort to dishonest methods o sec'uririg''a''.liv-"t- " ing. "Think 'of the wurds cf the wise-mairst thou a man diligent in business." Hattie Adams. Nephi. . lur-V:- of - be-wea- - n the best." "An exacting temper is one against which to guard both one's own heart and the nature of those who are under our control and influence. To give and to allow, to suffer and to bear are graces more-to-thpurpose of a nobl eii feJJia n c dd, exacting selfishness, which .must-havelet who will go without; which wilL not yield, let who will break." It is a disastrous quality' wherewith to go through the woijldj.for it as much pain as it inflicts, and creates the .discomfort it deprecates." re-Criv- es - . -- . Princess Louise is said not to be the timid dainty dame that princesses of the blood are said to be.. She lus steered a canoe through some of the roughest shallows of the and has climbed perilous peaks at dawn to make sArnri.se sketches. While in Canada, she frequently returned from a ride or drive at an unexpected hour, and, not finding the "groom at his post, rolled up her sleeves and groomed the pony herself. Resti-gouch- e, v 