WOMAN'S EXPONENT. years he had to fight and struggle; there had aitheni to battle with and rways been something-fo- r he had ought the. fight.- There has never been any flinching, never .any, turning back?' The following letter from Mrs.' Beecher was read: "To the beloved : members: of Plymouth-ChurchI.cannot, speak my thanks Jo eacfrTand of you for the sympathy and love and one every devotion manifested in these last days, sad days for your pastor. He can no longer speak to you for himself, ihen permit me to do it for him, for myself, for my family. .Each word of love from the' people so dear to your pastor's heart has been a comfort and. balm to a heart wrung almost to bursting. How he. loved his church you will only learn in its fulness wher you stand with him in heaven. To eachaod every one of you, my earnest thanks and most earnest blessiug. Pray for his wife and children soon to lose their truest companion and tencferest father, and if we must relinquish all possible hope of his full recovery, oh, beloved, pray that his departure may be speedy, that we may not be long agonized by this struggle between life and death. Pray, if he must Jeave us, that before another day dawns he; may receive his crown and be forever with his Lord. - to Greenwood cemetery, where theyjvere deposited in; the large receiving vault, where theyjwill main until the family select a lot for final : - cortege proceeded from the church to Greenwood . cemetery by the shortest route. HONOR TO WOHM HONOR IS DUE. I wish to place in your valuable paper a few lines on the death of William Anthol McMaster, who departed this life January 22nd, 1887. ', I was first with him in acquainted England, when he was on .a mission. I prayed the Lord if He had a servant of His who had the power to cast out devils and heal the sick to send such an one to our house in the City of Exeter. was sent in answer to my prayers, and had been" stayed with us six days. out of his mind for some time, and sick. When Bro McMaster came into our door, the evil spirits went out and left my husband in his right mid. Bro. McMaster baptized my husband, a young lady that was living with me, and myself in Exminster Sea,andfrom that, time I have rejoiced in the Gospel 0 God. The other two have been cut off from the Church. I know Bro. McMaster to have been kind to the poor and needy ones, and always on hand to administer to the sick, both by night and by day if required. He had the gift of healing. I have been administered to by him many times, and always obtained immediate relief. God; bless Jiis remains and crown him with eternaljoys. My sincere prayer is for the,Lord to bless his family. Maria B. Ford. v , Bro-McMast- . My-husba- , 6 Sco-vill- son-in-la- Uliail July nth, lJljUlibU 1878; " VI IUV" Henry (Signed) The witnesses- - are A. Blake of Brooklyn. .".-- v. - . ; Ward Beecher. ... and G. D. S.'-Bara- THE FUNERAL. e, - New York, March 12. The remains of the late Rev. Henry Ward Beecher were taken from Plymouth church at 8no this morning and conveyed nd -- WILL. In the name of God, amen! I, Henry Ward Beecher, of the City of Brooklyn and State of New York, hereby revoking all1 other and former wills by me heretofore made, "do make; publish and declare this to be my last will and tastament. First I hereby authorize- - and direct my tors, Or such of Ihem as shall qualify at my death, to collect 'and receive the amount of my life in- surance, to invest the same and pay the proceeds of such investment to my wife during her life in equal quarterly yearly payments. Two I hereby give, bequeath and devise unto my exreutors, or sucJiof them as shall qualify, the net residue and remainder of my estate, both personal and real of every kind, in trust for the benefit of my children, and I hereby direct that my said executors distribute lind apportion my said estate among my said children in such manner and form, and at such time or ( times as shall, in their judgment, be for the best interests of my said children, giving unto my, said executors full power to sell and mortgage such and so much of my real and personal property as they shall deem best, and to invest or distribute the proceeds of such sale or sales as herein provided. Third It is my will that if any of my sajd children should die before ithe complete distribution of my estate, as above provided, their children shall stand and take in place and stead of the said parents, taking per stripes and not per capita. Fourth I hereby nominate, "constitute and appoint- my sons,-- Henry B.Beecher, WilHam C. Beecher and Herbert A. Beecher, all of Brooklyn; Bev. Samuel New'York, and my of Norwich, New York, executors' and es of this my will, and it is my will that no It comes niii uy iu inai wuicu VJv"i, : uiiuic auu'iumc, j woum reier 10 me duty 01 a daughter in her parents' house. God has sent us "Tall forth on a noble mission, and endowed us with tbe requisite eifts wherebv we can Derform that mission faithfully, and work out for ourselves an ""exaltation, which will qualify us to dwell with His holy ones in the eternal worlds. the. talents with . It is for us as women to ar'e which we are endowed not allowed to rust. Filial love and respect are the qualities we should first cultivate, to lighten a mother's burden, without usurping her authority; to help as much as possible,-witho- ut displacing her; to secure for her the ease, which vears spent in toil and anxietv for us render necessary, without making her, feel that she is no longer needed and her counsel unheeded; to obey our father as the head of the household; to anticipate his wants, and be ever ready to fulfil a daughter's duty. An excellent guide to a girl's character and dis- position can dc as certain e a Dyhcr manner in the family circle. If eyes brighten at her approach,-an- d voices welcome her coming, we may feel sure that she is beloved; but if voices are hushed and in hr urVion cVn Tisri K nrt 5nfrt is t a room, there is a feeling of suspicion that rises in our minds as to whether she is doing her duty, or to win love and confiacting in such a manner-a- s dence in the sphere in which she is placed. A woman's especial place is home. The very mention nf the word home rails ifn rfro1Wtinn nf our mothers or sisters, and the refined influences that women exert there takes hold of the most hardened and coarse ria'tures, and makes us feel .. : - -I -t I min tl - r! . wno is it iruiy inerc is no uacc UKe norne. felt some time at or other of his that has not life the sweet restraining power that the gentler z I x jjin-iutu- - .l' ! 1 see-tha- t Eunice N. Beecher. (Signed) New York, March 8. Henry Ward Beecher beganto sink slowly, after midnight and the watchers at his bedside soon saw that the end was near. Beecher passed quietly away while asleep; he never recovered consciousness after the paraly sis stupefied hismirid. Beeceer's OUR DUTY AS "DAUGHTERS OF ' ....... ZiON." je interment. All night long the church was guarded by Ply' mouth Company. G, and at 7 this morning the remains were turned over to the Plymouth church committee, who' had charge of the buriaT Only the family and close personal friends of the de- -' . . 157 . WOMAN'S VOICE. .1- 11 1 - tj.L!li win move wen uow Know iu use, anu,wflicu a strong will from the path of error, and by her -- sexr 1 w ? f . -j - 1 ! persuasion and gentleness, will be the good angel of men's lives. In order to exert this influence it is requisite for a woman to know all things that pertain to the comfort of those around her. There r - i 1 iL. yuuug 'I-lauies au iuc4 icvaicuv-tiujyii- l g 01 me is a far too that housework O a jr to to and betray eveuiuslight knowledge thing do, of it is "exceedingly bad form;" but what an ignorant idea. What harm can it do a girl to learn how That to cook, clean, sew, darn, etc.? which cpnstitutes our degradation is not when w fill our proper place, but when we seek to fill iome other place than that which God and nature Jias designed and appointed for us. And does not that book, which we all profess to revere, give greatest honor to the industrious? The women tnai are neia up as patterns are not tne idle, ana useless, but those who worked with both hand and head. Our Saviors praise of our sex was, "She hath done what she could." are fortunate enough If o to be able to em. " some ploy servants to do the menial work for them, a knowledge of the way it should be done will always win them the respect of those they employ. and if, in this way, we are ever called to fulfil our mission as a wife, we shall be able to materially look after our husDana s interests m that dearest of all places, "home." Though we may not all be undef the necessity 'of engaging in such duties now, we' Ought, as a miHr nf rhnire. to Iparn how to Ho thm. fnr the purpose of fitting ourselves for what we may require. Let no foolish notion, that, work is degrad ing, hinder us from doing our duty.. There are more of the truly noble among those who work . - Editor Woman's Exponent: n ! . : dep-rndinf- to-da- v. 7 I thought I would try to write a few lines for our valuable little paper, which is ever welcome, bringing with it so much encouragement to the sad and weary, mothers, sisters and daughters in Israel. I feel that it is necessary it this very eventful and trying day that, we should stand by one another, and give' each other all the encourage ment possibleand that we each one seek earnestly to our Heavenly Father for His Holy Spirit to be our constant guide,, or we may be led astray at- any time, for we do not understand the was of God only by the Spirit of God; His ways are higher than man's ways, as the heavens are above the earth; but Hchas said, "Take my yoke upon yoii and my burden, for it is light." But, dear sisters, His must be the whole burden or it may be very heavy; more than we can bear. Let us be sincere and honest in all our thoughts, words. and works, that we may gain little by little, and "oureventually overcome our follies, and prove selves worthy of the Spirit of God to be our constant guide, then we cannot go astray. ' vTt has beenforetold that'we' should be tried and JestedJikej0lO.eY were worthy. Oh! let us try to be worthy and ; willing for the dross to be consumed and the gold to be refined. Let us acknowledge the hand of the Lord in alL our Jrials, audjearn sojnjeesson from the same, is the prayer of your unworthy : sister,' E- J- ' .. . Kane Co., Utah. J - . -- " -- fortbejrj3ailyJbreadlhanamong-ihehighest- - of the nobility of the land. There are many duties we miss performing be cause we want to do so much more than there is any necessity for; we are so apt to look to the top of . 