WOMAN'S EXPONENT. LINES 155r this session must have demonstrated- - this fact "beyond a doubt. t when it conies to dispelling Mormon by placing in all aud mighty power the "honest miner" who contributes his fifty -- B'u .. SPOKEN IN THE GIFT OF TONGUES, UY SISTER CLARA II- JAMES, AT THE Y. L. M. I. A. CONFERENCE, SALT LAKE CITY, iiEC. iOTH, 1886! 7 . Trembling and faint, in voice and hand, Poor mortals we, so weak arid frail ! Yet by our Father's! grace we stand -All power is His, we wiH noffaitr That which the nations fight 2 Polygamy, so named of men - Will live; for it trui and 'r'ihl! T' Though trampled, crushed, 'twill rise again. . . - ot . and-occasione- The word of wisdom was. revealed For a grand purpose, and to be . To us a strength, a guide and shield" Let us sustain it and be free. 'J -- Oh! blessings on this humble group Of sisters, pure in heart and true ! The King of heaven doth kindly stoop To own and bless each one of you. He looks upon the labors done, So small, we think, of little weight, And yet He smiles upon each one, And counts her portion rich and great. Father, to Thee, eternal praise ! Be m erciful, our sins forgive t And teach us in Thine wn sweet ways, That chanty by which we live. Inspire our thoughts, direct pur speech", Lead us by Thine own hand, and then No powers of darkness' can Praise God forever more." Amerrt h; Interpretation given by Sister Rida Taylor; arranged and written by L. Greene Richards. WASHINGTON LETTER. Before this reaches its destination the tele graph will have notified you whaLdisposition the President has made of the utan,.or ami- Mermon bill. It has now been in his hands for six days, and the wisest men are as unpos- eessedof knowledge as babes, as to the disposition that will be made of it by him The fact that he is so long in returning it challenges the confidence of those who have persistently as serted that he would ,sign the bill upon its presentation to him. It must be remembered that the hands of the President are fullso full that it is almost impossible for him to give as close as he could wish many attention- measures presumably presented for his approval. The delay in the return of the Utah bill to the House, even if he signed, gives justification, for one favorable inference that his mind was not made up on the' question. The statement has 'been "made again' and -- again- in certain - . -- k papers8 would assuredly sign the measure if it came to without delay. I have noticed him, and-thaa disposition on the part of your public to sent from place some faith in the reports-thuhere. So far as I have had opportunity of unreli-- , judging, these reports could not be more able, and it is a matter of surprise that any credence whatever is given them. The history of legiilation of interest to your people during cinity-thathelPresiden t s ; cents a mouth to the fund which was inaugura-- " ted that certain men might become the masters j of these very miners, who might enslave them, the League leaders prefer "a sight" that the Mormons continue in control. There, reformers! O " J 1? 11 --CMMli-.4uesu0nea-.Dy.manNo young man with sense enough to whose opinions vywusiy win and must command of an insane asylum would ever 'deout keep most profound lawyers, and in several sert the ranks of his father and friends to condetails, puuic, it may oe, practically unimportant to spire and affiliate with a mob homogeneous there your people, seems little doubt that it is only in the desire for power. . And this desire, which burns so fiercely that no barrier which constitutionally wrong and fundamentally ..wrong, and. fundamentally, bad. If President- - principle and manhood might, erect, Would be Cleveland shall come to the conclusion that it sufficiently high or strong to keep them from trenches on established principles, there overleaping it, if only they may hope for the shadow of a.doubt that he will veto it. His power that can be used for vile personal ends. no one courage questions. And while all is" iDecent men can 'only pity the vain and ignothere seems to be a growing opinrant youths who permit themselves to be lured uncertainty, ion that he will refuse to sign it. This is away by such; but when men of means and evinced by an occurrence in the House the recognized capacity can be ensnared, it is time other day. A report-habeen started to the that they should be taken care of effect that fhel)ill had been vetoed, and the I can promise, and I think with a degree of statement ran through the House almost like safety, that there will, ere a great period wildfire, a -- great of com- - !elapses, be a revelation or revelations regard ment. Many of the members familiar with" ;ing these patriots; whom it were a compliment the details of. the bill do not hesitate to declare to call mere scoundrels, that may cause that it ought Id be vetoed, I think it might an eye to open which has been closed in jnany serene ' be predicted with safety that if the bill shall and dreamy confidence. I name no names and be vetoed, it will not be passed over his head, I am too clever by half to give any daEes; but the fuse is lighting and there will bo an exand I almost feel like predicting that the President will return it unsigned. plosion. Stand from under, boys! ' Representative Tucker is here again, and Whether, however, this feeling arisen behas not abandoned his determination to bring cause of an earnest belief that it is inexcusably bad legislation and a desire" that it should be up his resolution for a constitutional amendThere , remain condemned by the President, or because of a ment prohibitingrirpolygamy. but five more Working days for Congress, and solid reason, had, better be 'left unexplained. the appropriation bills are away bejiiud. By, We are, the best of 113, too apt to reason from a recent decision of"the chair, appropriation our prejudices rather than to them , It'looks almost childish to suppose any man to stem so bills take precedence over other matters, and wild a current as that which runs against all the chances therefore of recognition by the Speaker for the purpose of calling up indthings that bear the impress of "Mormonism," ividual measures is not as favorable, as it has but Cleveland is a brave and honest man and. been "It will not, however,, be a matter for has already done things fully as surprising as surprise if he shall succeed in getting it up, such an act would be. and some action being taken on it before the do not want him to in d nst -vi- any question, and his delay in rebill is.uumMakable using proot that he deems its provisions of sufficient importance to be carefully' scanned. That it is constitutional in all its details i " the and:Mormou is-n- Though hard and heavy oft the road, Yet patiently we "must endure; Greatjare the promises' bestowed, Aad God is Truth, His word is sure". in'our be-oreha- -- No selfish aim, or worldly pride Must claim our thoughts or wm our hearrs; The lowly Jesus is our guide, What peace and 'trust His love imparts. o'er-reac- does not, commit himself ,! to-da- y. ' on I We will not fail, if by His word We live and walk the narrow way, And heed the teachings we have heard Of truth and wisdom here law-'gai- Ihe President Utah The Leagures sign it. Even if the "redisricting and reappthe Territory shall put power ortionment-of into tneir nanas it win noi put an, auu u is an or nothing they want. -- Nor do they want the bill even if every Mormon shall be excluded by the test oath.- - I have been told that a gentleman, Roberts by name, in bait Lak?, and others, who are citizens and Liberals, have declared they did not want the elective even if the Mormons were to a man shut out irom the noils, the reason beiner that the men in the chose camns would. elect whom they mining '. , . .I 1 and the Leaguers, who have roistea tuemseives to the front, would be cut out. If they do not have the absolute control of the Territorial taxes, treasuries and offices by a power which is irresponsible and not amenableto the people, if they, in other words are to depend upon me suffrages of those who can vote, this gentleman, Roberts and others, I am informed, have de-- sight rather the clared they had a "d 1 r-- 1 adjournment. T Tucker's chances for a judgeship, for which e has been hankering, se'em very slim indeed ; rabies has not helped him '' There has been a great demand for the speeches made by Hon. R. T, Bennett in the House, and Senator Cafl in the Senate.' One member of the House, not a Mormon affiliater, ordered 3,000 copies of the last one given by Representative Bennett as soon as it had ieen deiivered.While Senator Edmunds was talkimr in the His any. anti-Mormo- -'- n " ' ' - Senate Friday night, Senator Riddleberger interrupted him and asked if there were nol a ' chestnut bell in the chamber. Comments are unnecessary.- - Deseret Neiw- - Walton Wold. Feb. 26, 1887. I hold my conscience at the will of no mor. tal man. William Penn. Mormons continued to hold power. iney of Utah; they comnlain of the one-mapower Whatever you dislike in another person, it storm a raise and the against to country. go take care to correct in yourself. 57ra. in behalf of the powerless miners of that Tprritorv. and in their bitter hearts and craven Life is a. quarry out of which we are to of an mind3 they damn the. possible approach mould and chisel-an- d complete a character. wmcn will-sean ior uwy realized era 'that Goethe. ,1 1 ,IV. cjnvVi Tnoffr limirs nnd " God meets those who are in the way; Satan with such successful results. A reformer in - a neculiar "animal; He doesn't like- - mee t3 --t h oae- - who - a re Tou t htitllarrington- rKTa fllP" one man power because it is npt the power of Evans. With all appointive power m his creation. Hearts are very much alike, and all need a the hands of a Governor, who haus irom lot3 of patience to keep them good and happy. borders-morits within . Statethat "witnesses Louisa 31. Alcoit. in occurred has week than in one lawlessness All false science, and a!L false philosophy is who Utah almost in its history; with these men refuted in the faithful preaching of "the truth sinners are so anxious for the liberation of poor as it is in Jesus.,; Dr. N. West. and enthralled Mormons, all would be well. n , e - ied-sa..Jongauu,L. iyLyj,.yti"Ab" -- ' e -- ' 