H . II W 1 II ft F n 1; I ft I I I I I 1 it Hi S T of the Ifbmei of Z ion, and the Rights of the Women of all Nations Vol. 16. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAU, IN MEMORY Of Our Late Respected Leader Ppesident John Taylor. LADY MACBETH AND OPHELIA: But sweet and hallowed peace and love, Like dew descending from above, And with devoted hearts we pay The tribute, last of all, " From lovingeyes our tears are shed In reverence to the honored dead The death that's brought us silent grief Has also brought us sweet reliet. While casting forth our cye3 abroad, In this we, sec the hand of God; 2 He's taken from thc.evil hour, And also from the tyrants' power. "The mind can make Faithful Friend of God and man ! Who shall estimate his worth ? Ever in salvation's van, Toiling for the sons of earth; Long his labors, broad the field That continual harvests yield. . lot His, the Of anointed Saints and seer's; Here the world approved him not; Now he mingles with his peers, As his life blood I heretofore Mingled with the Prophet's gore. pre-appoint- are led to appreciate and comprehend through no other works so much as in those of the immortal Shakspeare. Has he not created for us worlds and worlds of thought? h3 he not discovered to us the causes and effects of action? has ho not given U3 a more perfect conception of life than wo could form from merely observing life itself? Indeed, Shakspeare's perception u bo vivid, and his glance so comprehensive, that;he can search out - the nature .of all - things and dis -cover the relations of objects. - It seems that the basis of every science can be deduced from his writings; for this reason, some intelligent investigators nave been led to believe that no one man could be the author of them all; but the knowledge displayed in his productions was so much in advance of the age, that we know it.was the edict of nothing less than poetical inspiration. Shakspeare's knowledge of the human heart and mind is so accurate that, tinder ;any circumstances, whether in health or disease, he never makes a mistake. He has perhaps never moulded a character, more ambitiouy, more powerful, more bloody than Lady Macbeth; nor-- character raoro pure, more guileless, more gentle, than Ophev Jia: yet, when we analyze - and study- - the characteristics of both, though radically different, we find they are essentially feminine. Let us make a brief study of each, and by comparison, discover trait3 and qualities that' otherwise would not appear. Lady Macbeth- - comes before us aijeau tilul and attractive woman, with a form of delicate and mould, and with features finely chizeled. She hasjust received a letter from Macbeth, her husband, which conveys the great news of the witches prophecy that Macbeth should receive titles and would at length become king. A shudder passes over us as we gaze on that face and hear her exclamation Wfc this-powe- The faithful shall rcjoics to know That he has gone to rest. And left the persecuting foe, Which now afflicts the West : " Cut mourn to, lose a leading mind So noble and so great, As in this holy house we find Laid out in state. He tread the goodly path on earth, - Which leads to heaven and God. And from his pure, inspiring breath Salvation's language flowed. ; . He now has reached the glory-goa- l , Of freedom, peace and love, V here bigots can't oppress the soul : That graces courls.above. In soh'd comfort, peace and rest, Thislovely summer morn', Hc smiles upon his foolish foes; While laughing them to scorn, He's taken from the wrath to come, e it not, Though And from the weary p.isoa gloom And foul assassin's plot. He loved the Prophet Joseph we!l, With him he met the balls That pierced hira once wilh shot and shell. While' filling duties' calls, With him he'd fight, or bravely die In Zions glorious cause; : - For though the murderer's hand was nigh Twas God and heaven's laws That still inspired the hero's soul, la all his acts below; When to the prison Carthage Jail With Joseph he would go.; Composed in sweet and silent rest ' We see the noble form, ' That bound a spirit truly blest, 0 Now soaring o'er the the storm; 1 hat foul oppressors sought to wage Against the son of, God, Who, free from persecution's rage, Has reached his grand abode V. Joseph and with Brigham there His counsels soon will tell. For power and knowledge everywhere Shall sirikc the sounding swell, , And Zion's children shall rejoice .... Beneath the power of God; For he will advocate their cauj To break the tyrant's rod; His dignified and manly voice V ill move the heavens above, To save the people of his choice. Who truth and virtue love. -- One of Nature's mighty men Our late leader was, and more; Called of Heaven behold hira then Always at the battle fore, Uundismayed! a champion bold For the truth, revealed of old. rr - ! y . -- - of faith and power, like Paul, yet so mild; Grand and gracious, yet, withal He was humble as a child; ; .. Tis exalting, thus to find Such a type of human kind. Full Lion-hearte- d, . a " men-perceiv- - From his lips, such words of cheer Strengthen'd many a sinking heart, Mem'ry holds his promise dear, . Yea! 'twas prophecy in part'; Words, that lifted hopes so bo w'd, Vords7 that: rifted sorrowscloud. May the peace of God attend All the household, 'reft and shorn ; Zion mourns a watchful friend; , " Angels hail, a chieftain born! Heavenly hosts, a brother greet ; Friends, renew communion sweet. -- Veteran in the cause of Right,, Gone with heroes hence to dwell ; Martyr to Oppression's might. Faithful, fearless Saint, farewell! Trison stripes, nor prison bars ' Wait the just beyond the stars. ' truly-feminin- , . Emily H. Woodmansf.s. "Glamis thou art, and Cawdor, and shall be 'What thou art promis'd." JOHN v TAYLOR. The grief and joy that all express While Zion dons her mourning dress In sacred honor to her chief, A small expression of her grief 'Now weighed beneath the heavy loss Of one, who died, beneath the cross, With sure reward anefgreat renown To wear a glorious martyr's crown. The cross he bore with double load. Twice martyred for the truth of God; With Joseph and the prophets now . The crown is placed upon his brow, Where far beyond oppression's power He gazes baok upon the hour, That saw him to his latest breath A soldier of the cross till death. No ghastly'feelings, dread or fear Are seen or felt aronnd the bier, -- No time nor talent will he spire V To plead the cause of Zion there, Her cause will occupy his mind, Until he sees her freedom signed. i3 once she feels that now h the time for action. Lady Macbeth is afraid, lest her conscience will interfere with her base designs; so she calls the spirits "that tend on mortal, thought," to unsex her and fill her wilh "direst cruelty." and' stop up the access to remorse. Macbeth arrives now, and Lady Macbeth begins her task of planning for the murder. For the night's great business she had chosen to take in her own dispatch, one iiad at onco to play the' gracious hostesi to the king, jand keep Macbeth to the dire task of as?assinatiug him, for Macbeth was a moral coward, and as the fatal 'hour- approached, his courage failed, and in this state of irrcsolutipn Lady Macbeth found him. In yaiu does he protest that he cannot murder "the king, hU kinsmau guesl; in vain does he plead danger of discovery; her final appeal, "From this time, such do . -- JANETTE PATON. A love of flowers is love ef the beautiful.; a love of the beautiful is a love of the good-S- . Iioblnsou. , a purpose in her tone which portends bloody business. She determines to sweep away "All that impedes him from the golden round." While this resolution yet fires her thoughts, a messenger announces that Duncan, the king, will bo her guest that very night. At There - TRIBUTE TO THE MEMORY OF PREST. - t- . to-da- r . . Persecution's quenchless flames Proved his steadfastness of soul, Staunch his courage, true his aims, As the magnet to the pole. Lasting and illustrious fame Hence shall wreathe, John Taylor's name. ' ' Substance, and people planets of its own -With beings brighter. than have been, and give A breath to forms which can outlive all flesh." to-d- a; r No. 0. AUGUST 15, 1887. . 