WOMAN'S EXPONENT. "HOW LONG WILL THE HEART BE DYING?" Ah, how iong will the heart be dying? Is a question we often ask, nWhile, the agonized cry unanswered Resounds through the universe vast. new our. acquaintance with' Reidel's "Italian ' Women," and make our bow to the ladies of the royal family of Bavaria. Many a fair lady smiles down from the canvas.' Most-o- f these court Jbeautic3 were young and beautiful when life artist' secured these interesting portraits. ' We would be glad to linger hours in this familiar-gallery- ,but the inexorable hand of time points .beyond, and we go on to take our last look at the Glyptothek. The statues of Italy have not weaned -- us from our regard for th3 collection. The two colossal lions with human Leads still keep guard at the entrance. The originals of these monsters, taken from t he palace of Kalah in Assyria, are to be found in the Louvre. We go down the Egyptian Hall witb-so-rt of friendly feeling for the queer old Sphytixes and priests who stand up in stone, . " " When glad, earthlyiiopes and bright visions, AH along life's pathway have fled, When its fairest flowers-- are blighted, . Its dearest one's scattered and dead. When friendships strong ties have been raided, And their fragrance of memory gone, With lovc'slondly cherished and .tended," How long will the tried heart live on? - . ffrev or White Or blank. n? thn rrtw .nav n just 'as they did wheu the world was somewhat How long with relentless fate striving," With darts from detractions pierced through, k Poisoned arrows, malice sent flying, From caldrons of envy's foul dew? - : Aye, how long keep the signal flags flying,; O'er battlements tattered and torn, Will the heart in its grief be dying, How long ere it ceases to mourn? , How long shall the tried heart be dying, Is the boon we crave to know? . From the far off hills of the morning, When the breezes are gently stirred, Comes the call in echo return ing, Like the notes of a wounded bird, It rings through earth's mighty cathedral, Fit m above around and belowi How long shall the tried heart be dying? Is the boon we crave to know: Martyred graves, and the wreck of nations, With united throb and throe And ever the echo's repeating, Is the boon we crave to know? L. M,( Hevlings. A PARTING LOOK AT MUNICH. This morning we were off to the New where the modern pictures are found. .' nrye Knew l i i i ii .i as we wouiu me j.ru? Know me ouuaing r.. c rni a i i Pina-kotbe- k, . iauu vi incuu luiig ueiuru wo reauneuj it. iue frescoes on the exterior give it a most individual appearance. The temperature was the only thing that seemed unnatural. It was comfortable. We had shivered through the rooms many a time in the cold days of the winter. The danger of freezing one's feet, does dampen theT ardor. or cool off the enthusiasm of the aiuot a;o menu lixmugjjao mo uumuuu vmjlau the beautvJ of. trV romnr.hend vftinlv , , inr.pfttrnrs 1 j wv -- "JLhe Ueluge looks just as terrible, notwithstanding our own personal comfort while we contemplate it. We are told that the sensitive nature of Schorn was &o shocked by the work of his own hands and brain that his mind gave way, and. death was the consequence of his mental prostration. "The Destruction of Jerusalem," so wonder- fully treated by- - Kaulbach, leaves no such haunting phantoms as the "Deluge." Its softer and more beautiful designs are more prominent than the work: of destruction. The encaustic ' l.nrm n nom Viorrri views oif Ajreeis. xanuscapca nave u.? vuunu as we 'come upon them again in these warmer days. The mellowed light falifhg upon them from above is better than we found in the gray of winter clouds. We can only give a short call now on our favorites, but we stop to re-1 -- 1- 1 1 , .. U A. " Maxi-milians-briic- - ke i 1 WC 1 UH' r.ii 111 -- IL1 OUT- fair-hair- ed ucruwu unuu..i lunuu ready the dainty evening meal. Plants blos- wnrnvn' ihtk t.inn flfrr.fl open and the rooms showed in many ways tho i . .vujfaj mm-.vit- a charming taste of those who lived such genuine healthful lives as these good friends. That drinkirifr was more than meat and drink. tea : cj Even pleasant things come to an end. There was a last clasp of the hands, a farewell for many years perhaps, the servant lighted us across the court, the great gate was locked behind us, we wondered what made it so dark, and went silently down me street. R. R. : NOTES AND NEWS. There; are 60,000 women farmers in Irc- - land. The Sultan of .Turkey session of 494 wives. - k i, UHU 1UUUU3, - hearts that there could be no friends like the" old friends aud the true friends. Those whose. experiences nave run siae oy siae witn our own T in youth , i f worthy, gain a place in our affec- of-habitu- CJ ... HUJWIUU,UUY . -- - - Inends alter many years of separation, putting our lianas m theirs, and finding the clasp as hearty a3 of old. To have no shade of disappointment enter into such reunions, makes the meeting one of unalloyed satisfaction. To sit on the sofa fir a German home is to be honored. We enjoyed our honor to the full. The grandmother ot the tamily, who had come over the sea so many years before to make a new -home for herself in the land of her child's adoption, sat in the other corner full of" earnest $ questions aoout those on the otner side, mo gentle-hearte- d German father watched a busied herself in sweet daughter as she i i - A bleeding world calls forth in sighing, In travail of bitterest woe, 87 tions not so pjmilv rnjiohprl in thn hntn n.ru care that crowds upon our after years. Sometimes, it is true, our guest chambers may be held in readiness for thosowho have been talued along their way, who by some chance our eyes have not been able to make out at first .We know those, too, when once we have met them, and their welcome is assured. There is To-da- y How long .with ingratitude stricken, With censure 'and impious scOrn," "7 Can poor human hearts hold resistance, " O'er cruel oppression and wrong? liess, Kaulbach or Kottmann. younger than she is in our time. The Hall of Egina is the "one which interests us most we have a good classical scholar with us, and we are anxious to show off the relics of Egina. These sculptures, the work of artists who iived long centuriefefore Christr are looked upon as among the most valuable remaius of ancient art which" have come down to us, Many of the -- figures are from one of the old temples probably that of Minerva. The two groups which originally adorned the pediment are of especial interest They represent the combats around the body of Ach lies and ''that, of Laomedon. The figures are less than life size and were found in many fragments. The wonderful skill of Thor waldsen has given them back to The action conU3, perfect in all respects. the two veyed by groups .3 striking, but the. features seem - tame and expressionless. - We sigh over our lack of time as we hasten through hall after hall, dedicated to the gods decorated with wonderful frescoes and tilled with suchnaryels of work. We are taking leave of our. favorites and our parting must be brief. We save the Hall of Bacchus as a precious morsel till towards the last of our stay. It contains the Winckelmann Faun" anrJHheleepingsatyr or ,Tbarbermi b'aun." We think of Donatello and Miriam, Kenyon and Hilda, and go over the ground with them, pondering the legends of the faun, 'and Hawthorne's fanciful rendering of the "Romance of Monte Beni." The author has only looked a little below the surface' of. everyday life. Human characters are developed from human experiences and emotions. The mortal lineaments are as plastic under the influence thought aud action as the clay is in the designer's hands. The noble life leaves its stamp. The spirit-- , ual life les back of the physical, ready by development to break through and glorify the countenance as .it blesses all on whom it shines. - We left the greit satyr, in his stony sleep, chained by the artist's hand to his centuries of reDose. So lontr as that marble endures through all the time to come, inac tion is the portion which the master mind of its creator nas necreeu as lis iaie. The "Isar rolling rapidly" makes a charm ing view as it tushes under the picturesque "bridges which alwavstenipt one to stop ant admire their surroundings. We drive down the broad Maximilian' Strasse .that we may get our best sight of, and cross "the the handsomest of the bridges. We inspect the beautiful gates of the. city, go over to the Basilica of St Boniface to show off the frescoes of Hess and his pupils, feeling in some- sort that the honor of the city lies in our hands now, and that we must put it before others in it3 best possible light We persuade our friend to be enfolded within the embrace of the watchful Bavaria, 1 r and then saving our best treat that we may uur uay wun it, wo aro mil ui uiu door ofHhe dear friends whose beautiful Ger man home had been such a restful retreat to us on. our previous visit to tne old city, uur desire to see them once again before going northward had been the strongest "incentive to our return. ' . They mado us welcom6 in such hearty fasb ion that our measure of content was full. Their hospitality was delightful in its kindest manifestations. We sat ou the sofa and talked of tlie old times and' the new times, the Old World and the New World, the old friends i How long, crushed with anguish unspoken, Under douht's burden weight held fast, Pulsating with torture and broken, Can. its ebbing ofMife-blbo- d list? " - 13 happy in the pos- . rolorftd woman in America is Tho Mrs. Amanda Eubank?,- of Rome, Ga., who pays taxes on $400,000 worth of property, inherited by will from her white father. rjr-hpa- t. - In Duruy's History -- of France, the writer says; "The first kiug or France was Thara- momJ, an unagi ver irne nary-Tngrno3- He wa succeeded by . his son." Mr. Norman W. Dodge, of .New York, ha3 instituted a prize of $300, to be awarded at existed. each anuuaVexhibition-ofte-Acade- to my the best picture painted in the United States by a woman. .A society to promote the higher education of wgmen ha-- been founded in Japan, with the prime minister as president. The whole under the control of a institution will-bforeign lady principal. i e . 