.TV; Vol. 0 the Women of Zion, and the; Rights of the Women of all Nations: 16. SALT LAKE "CITY, UTAH, AUG DST 1 No. 5. , 1SS7. The door is a'common panel, and a3 soon as he fell outward, exclaiming; "0, Lord, my feet went out of the window God!" Asr-hiwo heard the feet at the stairhead a baJLwas TO JOHN TAYLOR. a. sent through the door, Which passed between ray head went in, the balls whistling all around. Ho fell on his left side a dead man. us, and showed that our cnemie3 were despera"' Thou Chieftain in Zion ! henceforward your name At thi. instant, the cry was raised,- - "He's ; does, and we must change our position. Will be classed with the martyrs, and share in their' fame: General Joseph Smith, Mr. Taylor and nry-seleaped the window!" and the mob on the stairs Through ages eternal, of you will be said, ' With the greatest of Prophets he suffer' d ami He J" sprang back to the front part of the room, and in the entry, ran out. s I withdrew from the window, thiuking.it of and General Hyrum Smith retreated When the shafts of injustice were pointed at him,' ' .nb Use to leap out on a hundred bayonets, then : across the chamber, directly in . frdnt - of g When the cup of his suff ring was fill'd to the brim, around General Smith's body. the door. ' , his innocent blood was inhumaaly shed, 1 When Not satisfied with this, I again reached my A ball was sent through the, door, which hit You shar'd his afflictions and with him you bled. ds head out of the window and watched Hyrum on the side of the nose, when ho to see if there were any signs of life, When around you, like hailstones, the rifle halls flew, backwards, extended at length, without moving regardless of my own, determined to see the his feet. When the passage of death open'd wide to your view, ; end of . him I loved.- - - Being All ly satUfnd that When the Prophet's freed spirit through martyrdom fled, From the holea in his ves(the day was he was dead, with a hundred men near the In your gore you lay welt'ring with martyrs you bled. ' warm aLd no one had tJieit coats on but myself ), body, and more coming round the corner of drawers and shirt, it appeared evipantaloon?, All the scars from your wounds, like the trophies of the jail, and expecting a return to our room, I yore' dent that a ball must have been thrown from Shall be ensigns of honor, till you are no more; the prison doorat the head of his jriedJoward3 And by all generations ofyou shall be siid, withojiyhrqugh thewindow, which-entere- d and through the entry from whence. back on the right side, and passed through, the stairs, 7" With the best of the Prdphets in 'prison he bled." had proceeded, to learn if the doors' the lodging against, his watch, which was in his into firing Vol. I. Poems by Eliz.i R, Snoiv. the prison were open. vest the right pocket, completely pulverizing J 84 4. .. r, July, When near the entry, Mr. Taylor cried out,, crystal and face, tearing off the hands and "Take me." I until I found pressed mashing the whole body of the watch. At the all doors unbarred, andmy way returning instantly, THE SMILE TRIUMPHANT. same instant the ball from the door entered his Mr. uuder Taylor caught my arm and rushed nose. by the stairs into the dungeon, or inner prison, He has gone from our midst! from our frail mortal view. As he struck the $oor he exclaimed emstretched him on the floor and covered him Of its earthly Head, gifted and valiant and true, phatically, "I am a dead man." Joseph looked with a bed insuch manner as not likely to be towards him and responded, "0 dear! Brother Again is the Latter-dakingdom bereft; expecting au immediate return of For the third time the Twelve as its leaders are left. Hyrum," and opened the door two or three perceived, mob. incheswith his left hand, discharged one barrel the said Mr. An exile no longer the news spread abroad, to I Taylpr, "This is a hrd case to of a (pistol) at random iu he entry, Our Prophet and Seer had gone Home to His God. lay you on the floor,, but if your wounds are from" whence a ball grazed Hyrum's breast, To the hearts of his family and people all sore. and entering his throat passed into his head, not fatal, I want you to Jive to tell the story." There remained but to gaz on his features once more. whiloiother muskets were aimed at him ar.d I expected to be shot the next moment, and' stood before the door awaiting the onset. To some his fine face appeared shrunken and dark some balls hit him. s lf two-third- and-facin- r some-secon- . -- : y . -- . gix-ehoot- And still of deep suffering carried the mark; But I saw only this as I lingered ray while The brave look triumphant, the calm, holy tmif. IhTrsrnlle so inspiring to Saints everywhere, s hich only the good and the faithful could wear; smile full of meaning, so rich and so grand, That the world might behold, but could not understand. W ' ' " ' The smile which portrayed the strong, masterly, mind,' At peace with his God, with himself and mankind;. The smile which said plainly, as language could say," "I have done every duty that came in my way. Let the wicked their dark, downward pathway pursue; They have nothing in me, they know not what they do; Though they mock at the Truth, though they rage and revile, Though they hound me, and kin me, I triumph and .. smile!' . Dear memory ever will tenderly trace The smile so habitual to that loved face; And Joy that in taking a final adieu, That smile, full of Glory, came last to the view. Lula. GRAPH fC DESCRIPTION OF THE . SCENE IN CARTHAGE JAIL. Carthage, June 27th, 1844. A shower of musket balls was thrown up the stairway against the door of the prison in the second story, followed by many rapid foot-- steps. v While Generals Joseph and Hyrum Smith, Mr. Taylor and myself, who were in the front, chamber, closed the door of our room agaicst the entry at the head of the stairs, and placed ourselves against it, there being no lock on the dooV, and no catch that was unsealable. er 1 Joseph continued snapping his revolver around the casing of the door into thes beforeTThree barrel of "which missed fire, while Mr. Taylor, with a walking stick, stood by his side aitti knocked down the bayonets and muskets which were constantly discharging through the doorway, while I stood, by him, ready to lendany assistance, with another stick, but could not come within strikingdistance without going directly before the muzzles of the guns. When the revolver failed we had no more firearms, and expected an immediate rush of the mob, and the doorway full of muskets, halfway in t ho" room, and no hope but instant death from within. Mr. Taylor rushed, into the window, which is some fifteen or twenty feet from the ground. i ?: i i t i i tin vnen ims Douy wa3 nearly on a oalance, a ball from the door within entered his lefr. and a bail from without struck his watch, patent lever, in his yi?st pocket near the left breast and smashed it into "pi," leaving the hands standing at 5 o'clock, 1G minutes and 2G seconds, l he force of which ball threw him back on' the floor, and he rolled uuder the bed, "which stood by his -side, where he lay motionless, the mobTfrom the door continuing' to fire upon liim, cutting a piece of flesh from his left hip as large as a man's hand, and were hindered only by ray knocking down their muzzles with a stick, while they contiuued to reach their guns into the room, probably left handed, and aimed their discharge so far round as almost to reach U3 in tb.3 corner of the room to where we retreated and dodged, and then I recommenced the attack with my stick. Joseph attempted as a last resort to leap the same window from which Mr. Taylor fell, when tvvo bullets pierced him from the door, and one entered his '.;redst frrn wi:h ut' and i. , , Willard Richards. nil RUBY LAM0N1V r riM n ,i You are not "alone on the watchtower," as you have felt yourself. There is, at least, one other woman in Zion, who is with you heart and hand. One in whose breast thesentiments meets an an expressed in yoar "Idol of swering echo. An aged mTrthTr iOsrael, after reading your article, said to me, "that will suit you, and it is good." Her opinion was correct ' ; it does suit me. But, sister Ruby, I have lately formed the conclusion in my own miud, that it is of no use for me to feel grieved over the wasted time thought and means of others. They have their weaknesses to battle with, I have mine.. If I can manage to overcomo. my own it Is all I can do; all, perhaps, that v.ill be required of me. You will likely question, is Jt not our duty as thinkers and workers among "the proud daughters of Zion," to lift our voices against the vanity and follies which are everywhere so prevalent? It has "seemed so to me in times that are passed but not now. If the warning voice of the late Prophet Rrigham Young, which was ever so earnest upon these pointy cau he to soon and so entirely forgotten by his people; if the written word of God by Hi3 ancient prophet, which you have so liberally quoted, and which was of such great importance that the prophet Ncphkfailed not to emphatically repeat the same to his people, can be so ungraciously overlooked and ignored, what effect would your voice, or mine, be likely to have in the matter, other than to bring con,- To-day- " I ; 