WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 165 day. On that day she reached the age of, seventy We should rise Masse and claim our as on any other clay, and the. trTat I allotted the time of rights three score and ten. as guaranteed1 upw years, us by law. But such a changable' have ;oted I have not seen many years any brawls, contenCongratulations were extended, and many happy and shaky, bogus law we could no drunkenness in trust or tions, ; put the rabbles, or'anything'to dis- returns of day, from all those assembled, with but if we could ' turb the reach the President, and he would peace 'oneleblioTrtla increased joy and happiness each year. Pleasant listen to reason and common sense, which" I be-- , :.n?d .aflairs, and voting conversation was indulged in during the afternoon,1 he would; we7 would tell lieye has been'no" new we are to us, to have a voice in thing and the time passed most agreeably, as it always to lead a virtuous, honest, trying We have all the rights accorded moral, appointments. upright Saints meet to do each and Christian does when Latter-da- y lifevand we. oiler up our daily prayus that we desire, and by our own appointment we other nonor. a DountituI dinner was heartily ers to our Heavenly Father,' that He will vote for those who are men of honor and bestow integrity partaken ot, and. alter dinner there was singing by upon us His Holy Spirit to lead and" of our vote is us into for united character; a guide good man, the head of the household, Elder George all truth, and that the people"of and for not a in mean maone. the IRah, and his son, Heber, in which several of the jority, are a The wholesale bill's ruling. as it passed the two that they desire people; company present joined. Of those present w peace, and seek to pursue a' course that is honorhouses of Congress, is taken up' by judge C. rememberMrs. Talherine Herrooks,Mrs. M. Isa able and upright in. the sight of all good menand. Zane and stretched out to .condemn everybody. It bella Home, Mr$, Elizabeth Howard, Mrs. Rachel women. We would does not stop with theprohibit the use of liquor, to but R. Grant. Mrs. Lydia Ann Wells, MrsT E; B. lead to drunkenness, also will'condemn all members of houses esfor churches its gambling places, Wells, Mrs. Ann Woolley, widow of the late of ill fame, and many other vices tablished belief in doctrine, if derived or estabthat, the law Edwin D. Woolley, Mr. and Mrs. F. D. Mitchell, sustains. Against our, own judgment and moral lished from the Bible for plural marMr. and Mrs. Will. Dougall,Mr. and Mrs. Joseph would-bconduct, our reformer and .oppressors all its riage throughout pages, and God declares Lyon, Mr. and Mrs. Orson Woolley, Mrs. Mary tell us this is civilization, and they say our the friend of ..Himself those who practiced it. T4ie young. S. Goddard and daughter Nellie. Mrs. Goddard 1Pnn1f AllrrVlf in r ' ..,.,11. (raa. ., U. Christian world will have to deny the Bible tedch-'nsHiu ut uu.iu waiiv iu uy anu ioruiacien has occupied the position of Secretary of the I paths. h&y wil1 aljet counsel and uphold plural Relief .Society in the 13th Ward ever since its We agree with Henry Ward Beecher, when he marriage, although they do .'nt practice it, but are has and most permanent organization, efficiently said, "Bring up your sons and daughters in purity parties knowing that the Bible upholds and sus- -' the duties arduous of that of" performed important life, and let them not mingle-- with the evil inJains tluspractjce. JjTh.e.rkli manJifted.up his office to the satisfaction of the Society. Her life, fluence that blots the moral character and cannot. eyes in hell and saw Lazarus l in .. Abraham's-bosom- " in some respects smooth,has been rich with events - be erased." The Latter-daa state of happiness. Now, God and Saints are taking of importance,-annot wanting in the sombre Abraham agreed as touching this matter, and this side of the question. We will set up our shading, that gives tone and interest to the Jives of guide-boarto our youth, and write thereon this, God hajv commanded HJs people to practice it, has a tendency to elevate Hand individuals,-an- d and lie will be their friend, and His law, made by motto: "Keep yourselves. pure and unspotted from human character. he Aside domesfrom strengthen Him, will stand forever. .the evils-of;tworld, and walk by the light of tic duties and the care of a large family, thirteen Latter-day- . Saints, stand by it, be firm, and do truth, that you may go down to your graves in children in all, and the active responsibility of honor and peace." The world has become not falter.- - Mr. Zane, are you or liny of your asvery Secretary to the Relief Society in her own ward, wicked, and her sins have reached up unto the ' sociates believers in the Bible? Did not those, Sister Goddard has devoted much time to "the ears-o- f the God of Sabaoth, and these words are ' who wrote in it practice, teach and uphold this doctrine of plural wives? If" you do, how can. Sabbath School, in which she has been a teacher written on the wall, "Mene, Mene, Tekel, Uphap - many! many years. In fact her life has been sin." The glory of our grand old .Republican you conscientiously take that test oath? I would advise all believers in the Bible, that do not bereplete with usefulness and good works. As one Constitution has departed, and the Edmunds-Tucke- r lieve in it, to be careful how they use the name of of her first acquaintances in the valley, we most bill has burst asunder , the national bands, ' Ueity in taking anoath upon such sacred matters heartily and sincerely congratulate her on having whose links were made strong by that instrument, as concern Ecc lesiastical church members, that attained the age of seventy with all her faculties life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness, which the law has no legal claim upon. What a mixture unimpaired,and with such bright prospects before granted independa nee of m i nd and re igious f of State and Church, and what a. mixed up state to all its subjects ; and now this partial hliToinJoying the "evening" of her life with the "of affairs to hasten the end. husband of her youth, after forty and more years grants rights to other Territories and deprives M. A. M. Pratt. Utah of those same rights. Where, oh' where can of wedded happiness. May Bro. and Sister March Salt.Lake City, 25th, 1887. Goddard live to celebrate their golden wedding, the Justice of these measures., be found?. No and together enjoy all the blessings of the new where, and they will tumble to pieces with the A P P R E C I AT I O G F T H E -- EX PON ENTr a partial ont and everlasting covenant, is our. earnest. wish and. .usage. Changing an impartial kw-tleads to all its attendant evils coercion, disrespect desire. Editor Woman's Exponent; .for other's rights, abuse of Federal power, con" tortion, greed for other's hard earned mea'ns, conDear Sister: The inmates of. the Deseret A WOMAN ON THE QUESTIONOF fusion and disruption of tranquility and peace. RIGHT. Hospital, in which you have' so long occupied the under these disruptive technicaliThose who-livposition of Secretary and Treasurer,- wish to re in of the no have ties safety pursuit happiness; to are turn their sincere thanks to you and several The women of this community going a nation takes retrograde steps it is when and wholesale or for your valuable papers. I have often new others inquisihave a voice in the law, its in fall to soon greatness. heard the remark, during my two years' residence tion law, or whatever name it can be called by. I will here prophecy that not many years hence in the hospital, "May God bless Sister Wells for The widows of this Territory are lawful voters, as affair's will a the present state of bring about great I can prove, that when the right of franchise was remembering us with her paper." its to zenith. This hasrisen the nation Could you realize the good feeling of these true revolution. taken from us widows, in the fall of 1882, law-ois the fundamental and God set hearts who utter these wordstjt would lighten, I. aside, The highest law in the land accorded us that right. am sure, some of the many cares of your busy life. principles of the holy Scriptures are disregarded For three years we were excluded from voting, If you could find time to write a few lines to our as idle tales. Where 'can there be an excuse although we had had the right lor iourteen years; How all over the land? many suffering ofies, who so often wish they could see therefore, we were prohibited unlawfully ; if not, found with Bibles and God word of its the act read the by are there that you in person (although I have explained to them why did the law decide, in the year 1884, that how fully your time is occupied) it would be wise counsels and its noble precepts? They canwidows were lawful voters, and they availed themthe halls of Congress, for surely another "crust of bread, cast upon'the water to reselves of this privilege, and Cast in their vote not be found in is infused into their hearts '. turn after many days." without challenge, and to the aforesaid complaint not much of its spirit for hard injustice. Thanks for the last papers just received, which amount or they would not clamor so individually Ihey sustained damage to the who look at friends are at the present time in the hands of the patients, abroad, But we have many of twelve hundred dallars aid costs of suit. We brightening and relieving the tedium of weary. things the same as we do, who see destruction in still remain widows, and have broken no law, and hours. I truly hope those whose names I so often the whirlpool. We thank them for the offset they are innocent of any offense whatever ; there has see in your good paper, will rememberjhe sick made against unconstitutional measures, and those been nothing adjudged against us, and we are who favor Woman Suffrage, such" as judge' Blacky nandsliffering Tnhrr good wishes and prayers, thelaw proves us guilty. and also the working corps, although not needing, Mc Veagh, Bennett and many ' What confidence can we find m such supreme Senator Vest, Call, do not now call to mind. We also perhaps, the encouragement of the pen, yet solicit and sustain its people others, that I laws, that a place in the faith and prayers of the faithful, the Memorial Committeeof women who iacertain rightsand in a short time after, before thank that we may ever te found trying in our humble before the President and spoke in our behalf. their words get cold, and they take time to draw a went way to do even as He would have us do. Though The majority of women of this Territory are done have all condemn they long breath," they to I am alone, being far from every earthly tie, yet suffragists, and while we exercised the power innocent the persons and formerly, pounce upon I am not alone, for God has led me into the we were always treated with the greatest rethat their law set on their case and proved them vote House of Truth, even into the midst of His own, at the polls; men and women cast in their spect lawful voters. . and the comfort of this gives to me and my covotes and walked peaceably away to their several is these on law points It appears to me that the workers strength for our daily duties. Wc live and attended to their various occupations homes, for appeal.' this Territory open to the widows of - the-xighrtoy- him-tha- God-dar- t d, law-abidi- ng - Latter-day-Churc- h, e !- - ! vr-- wi. r-- 1 ,r , - y d ds . 1 ree-do- m ' -- ' . N-- o -- -- e - 1 f - . . e - , 