95 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. as: it enables us to visit the great organizaton, those-t hat are in trouble!.. "pooFanil needyrand We should give all that we have" to the Lord. Whatever we sow the same we shall reap Let u8 all be cheerful in whatever we are called blessed with many things. "upon to do, as we are If we ask we shall receive," etc. ' Bro. ThosrDuranthoped the instructions we had received would remain on our minds, and We should we would put them into practice. set ourselves in order, that we might turn the- key to our own benefit, as it is; the most im portant matter" that pertains, unto us. Sister Fox endorsed the instructions that had been given; was pleased .with the reports; "We have a great deal to encourage us, and also discourage us, but we should depend on Gave general counsel to all; the Lord." thought it would be well to hold these general conferences every six months. f Desired the her 'in -- all blessings of the Loral to come to uneventful years of CowperV first experience of a wider world. fir.-They went to the Island of Bute amongst the t and almost her. last' appearance, p.an other places, and her sympathy with her authoress. In 1833 ni conjuncK11K a Kijesof in ..Mr: later with then as tion William late the keep years. stories and papers on familiar topics for afterwards wheli she visited the Twtty-jea- rs islaud with her husband, an old woman recogchildren under the title of "The Parent- -' Cabinized her as she was comforting a crying child,- - net.'- The 'work "was to lor 'surprise a very ntul Sflul "I nrni euro vnn rrmct lif ATiQ (oumpr great success, and nlthouL'h it has now' passed into the hands. of other publishers, .it .Mill has py tae.way you .talk to ttiat cnild. fcpace does not allow us to do more than refer either u u.'M suit; uxiul'i ;si,iinvi iiuu. ,f i ni- tuny at this' or a later period of her life, to the entitled " Frances Mdyjyws; or Trnits.ot numberless instances of the kindness of her Character," has, special jntere.--t to those who heart that are remembered iii the family, but knew Mrs. Hill, lncau-- e the incidents related oneinstauce is worthy of special mention, at really happene d in her school, And the Frances this stage.-Wh- en Poland was fighting for Meadows was herself. freedom and all England, was watching the All the. natural papers nre hers and struggle, Martha Cowper and her siter,pocket to tell a pretty tales. of the many te" silver down a short.melted money running story of how she sent the" first tale "Harry the in Poles aid the and the to sent proceeds pot Shrimper,5 to her (Jollaboratf.ur. Mr. Ellis for their grand fight for national life. The great She held him in mveh reverence, approval. ' al.',.n':s'-"'X;iissues t x.'.r ... of .wi i.: . r,...w history contemporary , ways deeply moved her. The French Rethings. her a judgment beyoml appeal. "Well, my v die. Conference adjourned tine . Singing. volutions of 1830 and 1848, the Crimean War, dear." he said, when she "I cannot SeUnionS. R. Parkinson. for American 4the Benediction by against struggle " ,4There;" burst in Miss Cowj.er, "Mrs.Elizabeth. Fox, Prest. cession, the Franco Gtrman War, were all Josephine Brawley, Ass't Sec. eagerly followed by her with the interest of a" Ellis should not have shown, it m,T told ber true liberal who always hoped that good to send it back if it was ''tocrbad." "My dear might come- out of the terrible evils of war: y oung7Tady7' con t in u ed r.Efs facing her MRS. FREDERIC HILL." she followed But modern politicsr-r-thoug- h hand, ,ryou should let me finish mv st nteiicesr did her. entire win not as them T witlimit Vfilli tiovlnfr closely rrninrr rin just . By the death of Mr3. Frederic Hill this Redesirous of sympathy. Her freh nature, only Tounci outlonfr fla vour ppwer of ' 'story tel view loses one of i ts earl i es t suppor ters . and the all of was compromises ing.impatient iMi. xiun woo ap xi wa1? uot most faithful friendsr7 She died on the 22nd of good,", the of and concessionsvhich politician proved, her work, good critic as he was; a August at the advanced a'g of eighty-four- . to thinks progress. necessary much better than he,the great Mis Ivlgeworth But although she passed fourscore years, her Both paren ts died iu Martha's child h ood ,a n d herself with whom Mrs. Hill often corfes- wisdom-a- nd old age brought .1 i tne cnmiren were piacea in on deatn their labor the instead ponded, wrote to express" Iierap p r y a I and luV of jaud psalmist's happiness miration ini' most vmreserved terms. Miss charge of an aunt living in London. Under sorrow. She suffered a little latterly from inMiss a of the influence Cowper's Edgewnrths's critieisims were' long and most large library, firmity of body, but the brightness of her ina into books for taste developed passion for elaborate, and include valuable suggestions as tellect and the keenness of her sympathy rereading of every kind, and she remained an to the best form of children's books; but we mained undiminished to the last, and she passed omnivorous reader for the rest of her life. Her have only space for one sentence as a specimen from this life to the next without suffering, full of. her appreciation of this particular work. of faith and hope, and surrounded by those she judgment of books was always sound and her ' "I ought," she says, "to be very jealous nnd encriticisms keen and suggestive. though often most loved. buttershe seemed to dip and skim in somewhat vious Of you, my dear Miss Cowper, if it wrre Mrs. Hill was, as most of our readers know, seized and retained the she true that such evil feelings were always exalways the wife of Mr. Frederic Hill, one of five fly fashion, in public life. Sir pith of the book she had in hand. But her cited by the fear or the certainty cf beingxsur.. brothers remarkable as it was, was suborRowland Hill is the best known, but Mr. passed, for assuredly I think you have surin interest an to interest her dinated others, Frederic Hill, as Inspector of Prisons' for passed me in my own line, or in that which I that was unfailingly shown in kindness-anwished to make my linr.?L: These ;were most Scotland, and afterwards oneof the Secretaries of the and still more as one help and encouragement, and all what she gratifying words to receive from tin- - authoress set aside when would call "selfish" work-w- as who has devoted his life to the public good, ' an honored name. Mrs., Hill's anv tjcrood work was oh hand. One of the "Lazy Laurence;" Imt proud and-b-- willlopg-bear ppvas maiden name was Martha Cowper. She was great events of her young life was a'winter in they niade Mrs. Hill, thy'did not 'jive her than she subsrqueutly found in born at Enfield in 1803. Her father was a Paris in 1825. She was, as she says in one of more pjpa-ur- e with the struck her notes, ''alternately her distribution of all her profits beauty man of scientific tastes who, inheriting properThe inconveniences.and ".' .its grand presents to her friends and children. Her ty from her grandfather, retired earlyfrom ofParis 1 business and devoted himself to his laborpalaces, the beautiful gardens. the brilliant pi e as u re a w a y s ay i n adding to t ho pit-a- u re ly en life, and cheerful of th ose a r o u iu h e r. shops, the were born atory and his books. all were' tcr the of Mrt. Hi Ps m arriager took pi a ceinl 840.; He delightful population m to him the - subject of- the present husband" was" then. Inspector of Prisons for paper was the seventh. At least one other of her. But she adds, "the absence of the paththe children inherited the fathers love of ways and open drains in every street were most Scotland, and they lived for some years in Edas unpleasant for pedestrians." She witnessed aus inburgh. Mrs. Hill's life in the northern capiscience, and became in after life ancient historical custom carried out for the tal was a very happy and useful one. Socially Professor Cowper, who invented the first working print ng machine, and whose classes at last time, She saw Charles X. dine public as she had the pick of what was. intellectually do- under speaking, one of the bkst societies in the. world, King's College in chemistry and applied the Kinirs of France were wont to She and ob her friends the ancien regime. and she formed friendships then which were science were always crowded, and are still re, there crowd of tained was"'a for life. Such men as John tickets, great membered in the college. It was a happy unthe the two Ceombes, Mr. Nimmo, James eventful childhood at the Enfield house, and gaily dressed people in the doors of the Presence Chamber were thrown in due course Martha Cowper went to school Simpson, the two Chambers; such women as adto were allowed the and Mrs. Fletcher and Miss Sterling Graham, were with the others. But female education at the open, sightseers amongst her friends. But she never allowed ' beginning of this century was at a low ebb, vance to a cordon only three feet from the royal table where the King.the Duchess'of Berri, the pleasures of society' "to interfere "with the and her great store of information, her strong of were off work of her life. She went the round of the love of books; and accurate knowledge of and the Duchess Augouleme dining blaze "amid of a was fish dinner a Friday) natural history were due rather to individual (it prisons with her husband, helped in all his" One with of the music" and work and home influence than to school teachlowly light, many schemes of reform, and stopped many a three royal diners.as Martha Cowper points one a career of crime by her kind help and ening. She used to illustrate, the state of female in her notes, had been in the horrors of the couragement to better courses. She used to .education in - thosedays by an . amusing anec dote. One of her schoool fellows, a girl of great French Revolution; and had shared with follow her prison friends' subsequent career.and eighteen, was a married woman, and had been her roval parents the imprisonment in the had man)- stories of their success in honest sent by her husband, to learn to be educated, Temple till their execution. Sight seeing did labor. . She was fond of t he saying of one man and Martha Cowper used to help her in the not take up all the Paris time. Many days who attributed hil change to the Prison Ma--trwere spent in visiting charitable institutions, who, he said, "so withered him that he composition of letters to her husband which, establishcould not go wrong." And she would repeat and a visit to the Deaf and Dumb notwithstanding this assistance, were generally remembered. too late for me to mend, but I hope my poor ment was long returned with many corrections. ; A tour in' Scotland with her scientific children will be taught better." Our space only permits of a mere sketch of She was a strong and very early advocate of brother, when she was nineteen, was Miss Mrs. Hill's life, and we must pass over some quiet-goodnts- s -- she-publishe- a3 .. - , -- . -- hi-to- . ry She-Use- d . -to- '-alteiid saw-him- - " frt-en- n-a- a . " " - to-da- y - i only-increa- sed . 1 " i T 1 1 . . gelf-cultur- e, d Post-Offic- e, - m kef-nes- 8 1 riish-of-dai- Nine-childr- as-pe- s 1 . 1 of-who- - well-know- -- pos-eesion- ante-chambe- Hill-Burton- s r, - -- on, , 7 