WOMAN'S EXPONENT. STAND SIDE BY SIDE. that a woman's mission 123 13 in attending to her If so, then why cau't you tell it to others? Let household duties.." If God should judge us as we judge one another, be- plain with you, my sisters; it is no good h' d;ri," what a pity to havo been born' a me How hard our lot would be; spirit that prompts you to feel that way, and I woman, it the name but serves to If He shows no more niercy than we show to our brother, our would advise you, for your own good, to throw stay -: How much of hope have we? intellectually. Our ideas of woman's oh" rii aslthat, and, nskLtheXoriLlQ- rights are a little difierent to those the world at If He should criticise our most earnest labors, you, that you may be able to tell arge entertain on the question, but we are not strengthen With just as cool regard the world of His goodness and mercy. If you tne As we oft criticise our nearestjieighbors, ignorant women we are rewill do this, it will strengthen you and also .Oh! where is out reward? presented; we would hare the world understand your sisters to hear you bear your 'testimony. that we are willing to and do stand, our be will can be shaken, We must work for the promised reward; we by All things that shaken, husbands, fathers and brother !n of word the God; So says must strive for thea crown we expect to wear, pie, and especially the one grand of principle and whenever we are called upon by our Lord, And should we feel that we are almost forsaken, 7 our religion celestial and this has marriage the we mu3t work for' him faithfully therei rod," "Passing under been accomplished mo3t effectually increase it would through heaviest pur Now, there has been a great deal said-tHow much trial, the columns of the edited a Exponent, by mothers in regard to training And every pain renew, and woman, contributed to such by . gifted which is a subject that too "much cannot be If loved ones pass us by with cold denial, J sisters as Sister Eliza R. S. Smith, Hannah T. said it cannot bo spoken- of too often, And friends should prove Untrue. King, Helen Mar- Vhitney, and many others but atupon; to wive?. I this time I wish I might mention, would time and space permit. would ask When wicked men are seeking to decoy us, in a way to acted vou. "Have vou ' It is through the cohimns of this little paper make rT' To gain their selfish ends, ' your husband love you and have full that the world in general have received By strange devices and inhuman laws destroy us, confidence in you?" If to, you have.it in your Tis then we need our friends; enlightenment concerning the misrepresented power to control that man to a great extent, When even the grand old Constitntion trembles people of Utah," and I feel thankful to our to make him either good or bad, lor the Beneath theirwicked sway, Heavenly Father that we have sisters capable woman, though she is considered the weaker of assisting in this great work. And every human prop beneath us crumbles, 'v; vessel; power and influence over man Another- sister said, "What! paid her as O, Saints,- be true, I pray! than manyinay'suppos mucV as you would a male physician?", in When all the world rejoices in our sorrow, Then, knowing the.se facts, and considering of a woman "the idea speaking of doctor, our all And very our position here on earth, that we arc given hopes deride, a woman much as as a man. If I had to man by God for helpmates forwhat? To help paying Audspeak of harder times for us occasion to :the services of eitherI exalt him ourselves. Still we aro dependent' un side. side We should stand engage by should When our best men are led as to the slaughter, certainly employ one of the opposite man to resurrect and exalt us; yet there is a sex. Confined in loathsome dens, whether wo help great deal depending on-ulook Just the at their and their of such sons, a renounce else Or wives, daughters absurdity speech; that man to be worthy of an exaltatjon; We all because one happens to be born a woman, she How can we falter then? want good and noble men, kind and affection- should receive only half salary, or perhaps it ato husbands; then let- - us make them so by Our Lord has given us one great, gracious promise, , would better please jealousy and envy, who go kind words, noble1 deeds and good example. . That, though we stand alone, stalking abroad arm "in arm, if she endeavored When he feels despondent and low spirited, His grace and strength will be sufficient for us, to gain a livelihood by playing at speak kind and comforting words to him; keep He will sustain His own, wash This at the tub. feeling should not exist your house and your person clean and tidy, As gold is tried in seven times' heated furnace, O the women of the Latter day Saints. among mate every tiling iook comioriaDie anu pieasani, Se must the Saints be tried; Let us strive to be up to every duty, and and then your husbands will love home and Then will our God work out a great deliverance-T- ill '' hearken to the Scrihture, "Get wisdom; and your society. then, stand side by side. with all thv getting, get understanding." If M. 0. BllADY. E. A. Bennion. we do this, each striving to help the other, we .Vernon, Dec. 14, 1886. From the Advocate manuscript paper, Erastusv will have a calm and contented mind, and be come noble, intelligent women. One author A LITTLE PLAIN TALK. says that the moment we acknowl edge j eal 0 usy TO MOTHERS. in our hearts towards anyone that moment we "Man's inhumanity to man acknowledge them our superior. Makes countless thousands mourn'' BY GRANDMOTHER. HH3o let us be. on the lookout, ever prayerful to The above quotation applies equally humble, willing to help sustain all that are,. : womenTHEow surprising it is to an intelligent, pand a. 'Now, I suppose 'you' will think, what has work, aud whatever our station doing good mind to note the injustice done in life, or the mission we are called upon to fill, grandmother got to say now; I should-thin- k' she had said enough by this time; but that is to one another by. our own sex. we will reap our reward-i- n time to come. all a mistake; she has got a great deal to say A number of; speeches made in . my hearing V I. II. . yet, for T love the little ones that Gol' has by some of our sisters (I am sorry to say) in given to the daughters of Zion, for bright and A WORD TO THE SISTERS. my opinion go far to substantiate thil fact. Some of these I will take the 'liberty to reshining lights in the kingdom of God; and I mother noble and true, and I thought I would try and write a few words want to see everyones peat in this little article, for the purpose of nabre principles to bo teach the little ' showing what a habit some of us are unconto mv sisters. Mv mind is crowded with sub honest and industrious, for the more sciously falling into; instead of observing the jects, and yet I do not feel able to do any of virtuous, the mind is kept employed, the easier children Mormon creed arid helping to sustain the inthem justice, but in my weak way i may speaK be governed. How, the mother's heart telligent women that are among us. and that upon several, and the nrst one that is in my can without have qualified themselves to occupy positions mind is this: Whose duty is it to teach the will rejoice to see her children grow up and a spot or blemish on their pure goodnamc. that require education and intelligence, we principles of the everlasting Gospeii' the other take ttiem see to different let jealousy creep in, and when this unruly should sav it was tne amy oi every juiuca m Oh! how grey hairs tvrant once takes possession of the citadel of Israel: and should we stop here? No. Accord- - course, and bring their parents' when it is aud down in sorrow to the grave; our hearts, we find he is very hard to conquer, mo. to my understanding it is the duty of too late. they, can look back and see where Latter-da- y and we sav and do that which we ought not Saint, both male and female, every have done better. The time to sow, ' If we will only try to possess ourselves of a to teach everv pure aud holy principle, and thftv mifrhtseed is in their infancy. : We are. .'the good magnanimous disposition it will be of far more rmf nnlv fear.h it. but practice it. too. Some will say, ' Uh! let them come to tne Worth than any of us can imagine; it will the light of the world; we claim to be God's let our years of understanding before you teach them strengthen and fortify us against such low, people. Then it becomes our duty to tnn much:" but vou leave' them that long to petty views, that are constantly trying to take light shine to the worm, ana io ao tms we themselves, and they think then that they of imitation, by possession of us, and we will possess a charitable "must set an example worthy be taught, and they will The Bible our conversation, our actions, and our dealing know too much to heart toward all our fellow-sisters- . have no resnect for their parents, nor for the " set thi3 exsays, "Hatred stireth up strife, but love cover-et- h one with another. We should also and aged of either sex. But the mother who up all sin3." Again: "A man shall be ample before our family, our neighbors this teaches her children correct principles, and commended according to his wisdom, but he the world at large,' arid when we are doing rears them in the fear and admonition of the "r that is of a perverse heart shall be despised." we are preaching the Gospel. and teaches them to respect and honor Some will say, "Well, I can do all this, but Lord, Therefore, let us be willing to accord to each old a?e. thev will respect their parents and be one the mission they have to perform with all to stand up before a congregation to speak, I ' will beloved by everybody, can't do that." I would ask you, my sisters, good children; they magnaminity of heart. and they will make good latter uay oainn, ashamed One sister says, in answer to an inquiry, why you cannot do this? Are you be good citizens. and bear your "No, I am not a subscriber for the Exponent; to stand up before your sisters and ILIIELM. ULARIS3A I do not get much time to read, in fact I do testimony to the work of God. Haven't you Advocate the From is manuscript paper Erastus. not believe much in woman's rights. I believe had sufficient evidence that this work true? . - . pro-gre-si- zr A--- on -- . such-feeling- s down-trodde- n, pv-'nf:n;.- - o their-childre- n, - - to-spea- . . . .."'.' - ' " hat-mor- e - " . s rub-a-dub-du- b 1 : . 1 .1111 1 -- : -- -- far-reachi- , , -- , T 