WOMAN'S EXPONENT. '82: "' ' " -- " "V who are month?, the shadow of a man shoul(.fall upon We arc all a ware that the persons her, she mu-- t commence over again; and sit cajmhle of doing the greatest amount of injury this'ac-- : four and a half months longer-Ou- or the 'dark ft erimc.s.iij the home the village, widow is carefully guarded until her the state or the government, hu.vc been cdu- - count, the period of mourning is ended. If the housed rated, 60 far as intellectual culture is concerned; wait upon her, large and she has a mother to but search their private records and they have But if they are poor .been found almo-- t invariably, to be persons of it is easily managed. is little or no moral culture. To neglect this and the family aU live in one room, as often the case," the mourning widow's lot if a hard the branch of education of a child, is. one. They partition off. one corner , of the seeds of crime and vice, and to. allow tlie.n to room'with matting, make a little pen for her, take their lessons', hi morality, from vicious and in that stuffy place she must stay upon the .street corners and disrepufour and a half ninths. table places is "equally as bad. As a people, we believe that our future glory, will, in great Formerly Mohammedan 'girls-- ' is, it and on children, our nearly as young as the Hindoos, but now they measure, depend sad "neglect of a duty when we allow their do not marry until they- - arc eleven or twelve moral natures to become corrupted. It, should years old. They say .it is too hard to keep deto and. children, "be the object of parent." little girl widows fitting so loj'g. seek to in the The women of the house I visited were doing highest degree, morality; velop en-, their iitmo.--t to chetr and entertain the widow, every means to promote its growth,, awl in thier for education earnef-tJdeavor just as and help her to pass away the time. this as they do to develop thiTjTIiyaical and intelWhen ft male relatives came from oiifside, eonlectual nature. And as the moral is the there was alwaws a certain amount of wailii g ""that" and beating of breast.-- , but if soon" developed "trolIing"power" overtheoTlartwT)7ajd which is to decide the entire character; it is iminto an afternoon gossip. of member make a in to order good As a Mussulmani woman is not too perative, be nd v attention ufmo.-t care much attached to her husb jnd. She neve risees society, that. the de1 most' s moral to culture,atid-ifhim until the day of ihe"wedding, and often perfect given L' A. Sciiqfi does not know whtther she is marrying a man velopmeut; ;;ld. " ' ' 7VJNeohi. , of her own age, or an old villain, . slip of paper, and directs her to soak the paper Mi a gj ass of water and take the1 resulting medi- - The windows, of the hot roorij must be kept tl ditlv closed, and the blinds drawn down, lept smne man in some other house should see her.: and a halt If, on the very lasrday of th..fmir . ' as right tion which conscience and which has been espresaedjiTthe words," Do unto others as voti would have them do unto dictates yen." - , were-marrie- d ; to-da- wives MOHAMMEDANS. women are women" purdaH meaning a curtain or screen. iney say, mey . Keep pitman. Th-live behind the curtain, and their faces are seen by no man, except the husband, father, or brothers not even by the husband's brothers, unless they are young boys. They occupy that portion of the house which is known as the "zenana" the place of the women. . All Mohammedan houses are simtliarly constructed. A large building in front, richly. furUi.-befor the men; behind this an open court with fouri- .1... iaiii3fjflaii j'aiiu utw, in;., iiuu uaiA euuic court the meagerly lurnisht-- zenana. lhe patriarchal system is kept up, as with the Hindoos, the son and grandsons bringing their wives to their father's house, and three or .. II l' ara usuauy lour loono tinner one generations . m root, lhe women spend all .their time in the the-Worl- 1 rFtl.JI. v. c.''-;- . C l ' 'n I e A r . i... .1 il; . . L nv ftJ .. -- r. (ll l u . 1 themselves in their fine clothing and jewelry,: and no doubt quarrel a bit sometimes. A wife is allowed to (line at her mothers'.-house once a monthIf her family is wealthy she. covers herself to the eyes in a large chud-daand is taken to the house in a closed car riage, or palanquin. If she is poor, she wraps the chuddah about her amf walks to the bouse at .midnight, when the streets are 'empty, returning the next night at the same hour. On my first visit to a zenana, early in my Bombay life, I went vith an" interpreter; for I had not learned Hiudoostani and could not understand one won! of conversation in that language. At the first house we found all the woitien in one' room, and they appeared o be entertaining a figure which was shrouded in a white sheet, and wa3 silting upon a large, white cushion- or mattress, which was spread upon the b, - I pat. itself into alabaster. If a. woman j is ill, He' writes a an old "hakim" is text from the koran on a con-suite- The moral of Tktia riff fin ".-.whom be peace), this world is bridge; pas- sTMa tluin nvpr it but., hnihl nit irun it world is one hour give its minutes to thy prayers; for the rest is unseen.' " The Begum of Bhopal is the only reigning Mohammedan woman, at this time. Bhopal is one of the smaller of the native states, but it has been so wisely managed that it brings ir a t I j f l rw 1 a 1it t - (C! .1 t ' ( rr ... . 1 -la- -f- rge-re-venueT . 1 cnmriLr tne . 1 eT7rrv"TnrmTiTVTtn the states bhe present begums mother-rule- d remained loyal t the British trovernment, and offere,d men and money for subduing the rebellion. The present begum has received two decora- tions by orderlof the queen" empress 4iThe Companion, of the Star of India," 'and one other which is conferred upon women only. . Norrls in Hearth and Hall.. ed ... feet. :" thus-translat- e r- i one-hal- was -- al-low- - v"u iuvuu , A uaiuui limb luis jlJOMjy shrouded figure was a newly made widow, her husband having dud at sea'two weeks before; They said that she mijst never leave the cushion upon, the floor for a single moment, uutil h r f period of mourning four and month d, . - . iie-visited- -s-- u he-rprttp- het, "The crown of the world, the peerless tomb built for the fair dead body of JNur Mahal, by her lorrt and Jover, tne Jtmperor Shah Jihan Jn all the. world, no queen had . ever such a monument.' As you pass beneath the stately portal, in itself sufficient to commemorate the proudest of priucesses, and as the white cupola of the Taj rhes before the gase and reveals its beauty, ' grace bv grace, the mind refuses to criticise what delights the eye and fills the heart with reverence for the royal love which could a. sheik, who had been a ,. , floor. man' ago. . 1 uiii j of one grand man in Zanzibar before coming to Bom-bav- . He first married an Abyssinian woman, who died while he was at" Zanzibar. He saw a ladies there whom he goo l many and he dttermined that his second "wife should be white. So he sent toXonstantinople for a Circassian girl. She was pretty, and he was so well pleased with her that he soon sent for another, and aL'ain another. At about the same time the Sultan of Mu-cdied, leaving a widow who was also a Circassian or pretty Georgian, and tl.ie old sheik took her tor the fdurth wie, niaking his number complete, as the ktjran allows four wives to all faithful fof-w no ca u t : o w e rs-- ot pport so- -t . many. This was a very happy family, the wives The eldest boy, calling, themselves sisters. when speaking of the family j said: "My father is well and my four mothers are well." These fou r moth ers took very good care of th eir ni n e -- tdnldn n? antTettelrsiemed equally anxious when ill. was .one In the course of time, the old sheik died, and then it became a serious question how the widows could keep their mourning period, as there was no female relative to look alter them. Finally a friend of the family, an Arab lady, came to the rescue and took them all home to' her own large, house; where there was plenty of room to conceal them. The childrem were to visit them once a day, so their mourning period was very comfortably passed. On a man's tomb there is'a representation of a pen box,. on his wife's a blank tablet. This is to show that a womanVmiml is blank, except as her husband write upon it. ". They do a woman a soul, but it is of an inferior grant kind-amthere will be a special place prepared for her, outside her husband's paradise. The dead are buried in a sitting posture, so that they may the. better fight tile angel, when he comes to ques'ion them of "the deeds none Mn the body. ' A woman who never marries' is worshipped as a saint, and all her relatives prostrate themselves before her and ki?s her 1 . TIO 7fllfl jv. .... if hlMiirli: nn lbp ... buTilra- fA'.tha. Tln-r- Jumna, as fair and white to day as when it wa3 finished, more than two hundred and fifty years at d, ! d," i.rtih d ad-mire- is - I It has been fitly' called, "A poem in At the next house I visited, I found four .marble" Edwin Arnold says of it in "India WOMEN OF INDIA. . f .' y I who has buried several wives. In India all Mohammedan ; curtd. - . - gray-heade- - - - - she will be . -- - . n " 11 ..... v .!. as-socia- ch-se- i In the thirteenth century, a Mohammedan 1 nil Hl'iul.ol.... one woman nnmu iv cm iuiru an muuuwiiiu. CI was beautiful and clever, and went about ad-rink teri ng j u stice a m on g" m en, as if she herself were, a man. "A" Turki chief rebelled against her. There vas a "severe battle and Kezia was defeated, but she soonLiquered her con queror, by mar ry ing hi m : About 1550, Chand Bibi was reigning queen of Ahmednagar, her husband, the nizam, having died before tht ir sou was old enough to be crowned in his stead. "During her reign, the fort of Ahniedb'agar was besieged and a breach made in the wall. Chand Bibi led the army in person, and. defended the breach until assistance came from her brother in Bijapore, and Ahmed "Sugar, was saved. She wore a vail over her face, and was known to the troops a9 "The La ly of the Vail." On a high hill near the city, a beautiful structure known there stands as "Chand Bibi's Mahal." It was built bv a gratelul people ,t(K' perpetuate the memory of a her eonntrv. Everv onp fin'ppn u ho sh D '"t.Cs T: l i .i Knows me sioryoi me jmperor nnan fjinansi favorite wife, Nur Mahal, or "The Light of as she is often called, and the glorious Tai at Agra, which he built for her to-fe- " i y full confidence that in" ' - v uiv,iii The Pundita Ramabi ,hasxbrought out a second edition of her deeplydnteresting book, "High-CastHindu Woman." Every woman ' " to read it. ' x ought The temperance women of England have been getting up a jubilee memorial to the Queen in the shape of a petition that the barrooms be closed on Sunday. It now contains three quarters of a million signatures. Vittoria Colonna was buried in apmall an- dob scure church in Rome, now being demolished, Sant' Antia dei Falegnami; and the archaeologists and literary people of that city are anxiously expecting the discovery of her "cypress wood coffiin, lined with embroidered velvet." . e 