WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Utah, shall be honorary members of the association. . , BY-LAW- S. . - . ,ngof the board of directors, by and with the consent of a majority vote of the dele' from the gates present wards. - '. three-fourt- . Article-i- All . Saints and persons Latter-da- y books' called for, which are not in the Library, author. and the subscriber and the dates called by whom; and such books shall, when funds; will permit, be purchased and placed in, " Library. After the adoption of the foregoing constitution and the meeting adjourned until July 18, e . SECTION II.'. . semi-annu- al - - loved and honored wives, and protected in their homes. This desnised nennlpaVf in thf r,n:;p!inn nf principles, thst the world might be truly proud to "aTkhowlecTge andIive by. The true Saint has ctmfrdence in himself, in his God and in his brethren, and they have more in each other than other people, who know not God. Our nation has acted without a knowledge of the truth. There, are, undoubtedly, many good and noble souls, who do not wish to inflict cruelty upon the innocent and who would shrink from participating: in it: but as surely as the sun ever' shone this nation is how sanctioning something, barbarous and Snhu-- , man, and they little dream of the consequences. Mormons under indictment to be" Seventy-tw- o for? For and " tried, peopling it too honorable to insult a woman or to cause her cheek to burn with shame, but offering her marriage, with all its sacred ties and relations; and for. this "our nation is frightened out of countenance. What if our enemies should run the ship of state ashore,' while theshio Zion rides the" waves .proudly, her banners floating aloft, that all the world may see? :1 Zina D. II. Young. . i. The cost of life membership shall be $io.qp; annual subscription, $2.oo; , $1.00 and quarterly 50 cents. Article 2. A receipt signed by the Librarian cersior the ensuing two years are in hp plprfpd M." Whitaker. Prest. will be given toeach subscriber. ' section iii. SEVENTY-TWMORMONS TO BE Article 1. No member or subcriber will be TRIED. '.,,permitted to transfer his (or her) privilege to any , other person. ' Mormons are to be tried! Tried Seventy-tw- o ; section iv, for what "Have they injured any one? Islhere Article i.Subscribers will be notified of.. the., in their path? .. Who has suffered destruction any expiration of their subscriptions, and unless it be through their offences? Woman has been prorenewed within a reasonable time, they will forThe sacred tected, from insult and injury! feit their right" to draw books. Lriehts of wife and mother extended. and " ; 7 7 section v. such" protection given her as in no other part of not Article regular subscribers, America! These men are not being tried for sin; J will to be allowed no! Norfor falsehood, fraud or deception in atiy upon proper recommendation, draw books upon deposit of the value of the way !Then forwhat is pur thrifty Territory hunted books oYseries,and paymlHor the. use as thereof through, an.4 out best menr incarcerated, fobbed at the rate of ten cents per week. by fines and vexed by costs of suit, while wives are left in sorrow and trouble, and children to be .. SECTION VI. Article 1. A label is on the inside of each book, scattered, with only the protection of heaven? Perhaps they think, the ship Zion has run aground, stating how long the book can be kept; and for and that there is nothing to do but to send these day kept over the specified time the holder will be pretended protectors of liberty, like 'eagles- - with subject to a fine of ten cents. -- talons -- &ijarpenedr and fasten upon theseunpro SCHOOL. " S ECTION YI L tec.ted women and children to destroy them as a ' Article 2. Books marked lt Reference" of innocents." School, in the usual acceptation of the term, is 'slaughter not be allowed to be taken from the library, and an institution for teaching, and for developing the Our government does not send its representaany person violating this rule shall pay a fine of faculties of the mind by means of books etc, in tives here to inquire carefully into our real condi. rewe to know if are the people we are the hands of those qualified to instruct, according tion, and SECTION VIII. tfie rules laid down by the author. be! there to hierh not Are in men to presented Article 2 Upon a written application before places in the world who are of doubtful integrity? And yet, we might go further and say, the whole Are they all honest? Does not the world need a world itself is one vast school for obtaining knowlexpiration of the prescribed time a book may be issued the second reform, beginning in the hearts of husbands and no book edge and understanding, even from the cradle time; but to the grave, for we are continually reaching out, will be issued the third time to the same perwives, to honor and be true to themselves and the " i d u n sac r edtr us tsTm pose and grasping afterJnformation-upo- n sons. po them as par en ts, .'; somesubject-o- r and other, at least it is so with every Intelligent be obligations? What if the keeping covenants SECTION IX. on should its cruise 7" to Utah 'ing. ' stop ship of state 7 Article i. Persons desirous ; of drawing and see if all is safe and sound" between here and will little The child count one, two, three,before v books, who reside outside of this Stake, may re' , it ever the knows value of numbers or their uses, Washington? tain books double the regular length of time n We are not perfect, but our principles are, and and ask all kinds of questions as soon as they proper recommendation. would save any family, town, country or nation learn to talk. At no period in our lives do we 7 section x. from crime or sin,if adhered to7 "Mormonism," as gease to learn unless old age deprives us of the fac ' is-librarian will be the Article it is called, star of Bethlehem, a forerunner of ulties of our minds. 7 only per7 son permitted to take books from or place them event's if known and understood; and it has Inthe last century wonderful improvements have great upon the shelves. with the same opposition as He whose coming met been made, in regard to establishing and improv wonderful was heralded in that the "star East." . by section xi. ing the system of schools; and the children of has wonders For done It the this age possess many very superior advantages instance, already. Article 1. If a volume be defaced, injured or with has Unitecl one whole States were denied theirpredecessors; the faciliwhich jofned accord, lost, the owner must pay the value of the book. , ties for instruction being now so simplified and If a whole set the holder will be responsible for "Away with the ship Zion." Utah is no disgrace, with its lovely homes, .their replacement. varied, that apy one possessed of the least mental honestly labored for, with God's special care over capacity, can hardly fail to obtain a common edu ; SECTION XII. those who have subdued cation. places, digging Article r. A registry book will be kept at the for thousands of miles ditches to irrigate the fields In some periods it has been considered.unneces-sary- , library, where the name of every person drawing and the trees, and to provide drink for the flocks and entirely out of place for common people books will be kept. 7 and herds. how to learn even the first rudiments of their own Now, through persecution, - section xii. . , the are the business efforts, taking away crippled language ; and even among the higher classes it Article 1 Periodicals- - and papers vnTT5e InehTthe bone and sinew that wrought, as well as was only considered- really, essential for the the brains that planned and prompted. Seventy-tw- o kept on file and any person, mutilating or ruining Priests. them will be fined I3.00; men to be tried for no crime, for no guilt The diffusion of knowledge, through the mediwho the rules Will the God, um of schools, has now become general in all enuniverse, and who .' SECTION XIV. Holds the destiny of nations in His hands, close lightened countries ; there are ; many places parArticle i. All fines and penalties herein proof wives the to and His the ears children prayers vided for shall be ticularly noted for their excellent institutions of strictly enforced, and any perwho condemned of the innocent men are son unjustly? learning, and I hope some day, not far distant, to refusing to pay such fines, will lose all rights Almost 300 have already been incarcerated ; those see Utah take a prominent placej among the nadrawing books until fines are paid. that have served their term In prison, some have tions in this respect. SECTION XV. . been enfeebled through it; and for what are they There are many different varieties of schools Article 1. Anyjule or regulation necessary, sentenced? For murder? No! for the very, opDancing, Fencing, Horsemanship, and many other any amendment, or any change, in constitution and posite for producing life, sustaining it nobly; accomplishments are taught in schools for this exana r may be made at any regular meet for truly honoring wives and establishing homes. - press purpose. : Article f Article- - i. The Librarian shall keep a list of the the for the the memproperly recommended,all honorary-and'lifbers, and all subscribers havethe privilege of drawing books from t ej Library. . Not one of these men, no,1 not Saint in fellowship in the whole Church has a woman (not a wife, as the world calls it; no, not one, but wives! It is for wives and children, and for taking care of them and providing homes for all of them. No people now on the earth are so happy, pure, tree, virtuous, upright' and brave, honoring and fearing God with praise and thanksgiving in h Section. xvr.; - " SECTION I. 61 by-la- ws -- i J i . O ; . . i " -- ' rsons and-wh- -- at- making-a-country . . . ; ; " Jj-oo- . . - 11 v. ' ; np-o- . " iThe - the-deser- t - " . , Dy-Ia- ws, 