table, and the shad and sweet potatoes are excellent. I am shown a corner cupboard and eome china and silver ware which, I am assured, are over a hundred years old, and did.service before the revolution. Brother Henry knew "something of Mormonism, having been a member of the Church through Kirtland, Missouri and Nauvoo. He went east .from Iowa and staid there, married and settledin New Jersey. He served in the civil war and lost his thumb a small member to lose, but serious in its effects, as it unfits him for such employment as -- he depended on for a living. I am not such a curiosity to them, but wherever I am introduced there is a flutter of excitement. Henry took us for a ride this e veningio Paulsboro, wb.ich.is their po3t office address, they living a little way out of the town. for a visit Sunday, "May 3rd. Went to "Cousin Jesse Brown's." It is six jniles We spent a through a beautiful country. A -- to-da- y ffVnain .Toqca" o n nlnnnnnt A air ia kmPo ho is a cousin of Henry's wife came to Utah thirteen years ajjo to visit her sisters, Mr3. They called on tima nr? tnlrl flipm Tharl nrtmc in' return their visit. They have a: beautiful home, on a farm, and showed us many places of interest; among other things was a sassafras tree, which stood before the Revolution, and ww snnnnspfl t.n hfl twn hundred vpars cAA. Wa returned by a different road, which gave us quite an interesting view of the country. Everything is green ana pleasant, ihe country is level, and the hamlets and farm houses are so pleasant, speaking, in many places, of wealth and refinement. We stopped at the Eggleton Cemetery, one of the loveliest resting ViO A T A t O f T lioua tirrav aann nlnnaa umw lux vuw Oft bivi ;v(.Ui JL Jluld frf Whipple and Mrs. TSnyder. ma of tVta -- ht vv Vl it with ui finniP. fif nnr nwn cemeteries, or more properly called "graveyards." Of course much of the: desolate ap- nrmlrl pearance p.nntrasfc of-.ou- rs - lack-of-rainr-v- y . impressed on my mind. We donot see many flowers; I suppose they are not in season. We stand under palms, one leaf of which covers be more U3, an,d if broken off, would no doubt, than, we could lift. Here are bamboo trees reaching to the roof; I do not know how high it is, but it is very high. Hero are india rubber trees, century plants, and ferns in endless variety. We get.so warm we. are afraid to go out in" the wind. We wrap bur shawls around us and sit down in the sun to rest. We try to catch a car to take us to Fairmount Water Works:-w- e eret wrongly directed, and are so tired we give it up and go to the city. Car fare here is six and eight cents. We stop at AVannamakers. ...It. is an immense store.ana seems to comprise every department - of trade. We visit independence ,Halloa life insurance building and several other places or interest We pass a cemetery, where we see the tombs ol Beniamen Franklin and his wife, covered. by Jarge, grani te slabs, lying Hat, with inscriptions on them. Here is a beautiful conservatory with grass next the sidewalk, where we can look through and see such lovely llowers. There is quite a little romance connected The owner," once a poor boyf was with it. passionately fond ol llowers, and ne ielt it so keenly that only the rich could enjoy such things, that he said if ever he was rich he would have flowers where poor people In . course of time he could enjoy them. wa3 gratified, and built his conservatory where everyone could look in and see the lovely flowers. We do not so back by the boat, but ferrry across the river and take the tram for Pauls boro. We change cars at Woodbury; it is certainly the .neatesfcjittle l depot I ever saw, laid out with lawns and flowerbeds. Here is the residence of G. G. Green, the manufac turer of August Flower and Greenman Syrup. He has a handsome residence, with crrounds beautifully laid out, thev lawns nicely kept ana Deus or tulips uiooraiug were anu mere. re ge buildings,-wheThey contain several-larA" few the medicines r re manufactured. years ago he was. a poor man, not fond of JNo one work nor able to live without it. He com- thought him of any consequence. menced making patent medicines, and, presto, change, here he is. It looks like a fairy tale. Henry is waiting for us at Paulsboro with the carriage, and we get home quite Jifed r ., out. in-yok- . " " 1 - - - . va ? ' " offered by Prest. Mary E. Snow. The occasion was a very delightful one, and the poor and sick in the ward were not forgo- . tten. y. and look through the museum. As the clock struck twelve two figures of men stepped out and played sweet music; when it ceased striking they glided back and the door closed after them. We are tired and hungry, and go to a restaurant and call for a lunch of bread and butter and a cup of tea, for which we pay en cents." Being rested and refreshed, we visit Horticultural Hall, These are the only buildings left standing of the grand Exposition. The city considered it too expensive to keep them up, and they have been sold or suitably disposed of. Entering the hall the air is very warm; it is not oppressive but gives us a kind -- . j " - shoemaker. The farmer prepared the leather from skins which had lain in the vat for a year, and his . wife madeadhecloth.Spinning-wheelbuzzedfrom morning till night Skeins 9 of of walls on the woolen and linen yarn hung every house. Seated on the loom-seat- , the best woman of the family plied shuttle and weaving blankets, sheets, table-cloths, trejadles towels, flannels and window-curtain- s, bed-curtain- s, cloth for garments. Every womanin the household manufactured something. The aged grandmother spun flax with the little wheel; the youngest daughter carded wool, and the oldest, if the men were hand-wor- k that busy, hatcheled flax. . It was best could did it, and every hand did what it do. The women, wh6se "work was never done," not only carded, spun and wove, but they milked the cows, made butter, bread and cheese, did the soap and candles, cooked the food, flax, -washing, and in harvest raked hay, pulled and dug potatoes. The neighbor, who happened in for an afternoon's gossip, brought her work. The mother - It is not often that we write to you of anything thaf fakes place in this part, and perhaps patched or knitted we should still remain silent, but for an incident that happened here recently, small, ildeed, compared to the great events now. taking place in the; earth, but of much interest to the few g, farm-hous- e A nnrl nflita rilruicrhshnrps. o ' -spvf.hps i j tailoress went from house to house to make up the winter clothing, and was followed by the RnnHpH -' PLEASANT PARTY. hand-shakin- every and every blacksmith's a manufactory. For everything was shopas manufactured that is, made by hand. literally The blacksmith hammered out axes, hoes, forks, colonial , e . Prior to the American Revolution " concerned. The teachers of the Relief Society of the Second Ward of . Brigham City, desiring to show their love and respect for our worthy President, Sister Mary E. Snow, and wishing to give her a little surprise, met for that purpose at her residence on Friday afternoon, May 6th. When she caught sight of us marching up to the door in double file, heavily laden with large baskets, well filled with the good things of this life, and with our Stake President at the head,-shopened her eyes in surprise and exclaimed, "Why did'nt you tell me?" However, she soon made us feel quite at home, and such a time as we had of embracing, and such of love and kindly feeling one to- expressions Respectfully7" IN YE OLDEN TIMES. - to-da- .... One of the Band. , Editor Exponent: ed iJ -- Ve a few pieces of evergreen as gathered . : r ,1 J souvenirs, auu came awuy iruiu uie euy 01 me dead, thinking how much more pleasant it was than some of the houles of the living. Monday, the 4th, I go in the woods this morning -- to rather wintercreen. Thp hp.rrips are gone, but we pick the leaves and have a pleasant walk. It takes me back to my childhood to ramble in the woods. I spend a pleasant day in visiting, and in the evening Henry takes me to the lighthouse; we go up in the tower where the lamp is and see the lens, which, we are told, cost $500. There are three lighthouses .near here; they - ar,e called range lights, and - protect navigation - on the - river. The lights look in the distance like balls of fire in the darkness. The river is dotted here and there with lights from the little fishing boats. The lighthouse keeper is a Mr. Preston. He was wounded in the civil war, and, after- passing through untold suffering in the hospital, came out crippled for life in one leg and foot. Tuesday, May 5th. We go to Philadelphia We go up on the boat and take a car for Fairmount Park. The main buildings of the Centennial Exhibition are removed, and the groUud is being prepared for lawns or flower gardens. The smell of the compost is any- - wards anoth er. as, is sp.ldnm w!f nnocj txcent Saints.miuwoij among the Latter-daThe'cloth was soon laid and the table filled to its utmost capacity. When all were seated, Stake President Harriet Snow, in earnest tones of gratitude God's ;blessing on the food. After taking ot the sumptuous . repast, accompanied with chocolate and good homemade beer and repaired to the parlor, where a hymn was sun and speeches were made by Prest. H. Snow Amelia Knutesen, Coun. Mary Nichols, G. M. Jeppsen, Sister B. Bdrt, Lucv A. NinhnU Bodeu and Ann J. Wixom. all expreasivp love and good wishes for the recipient of the surprise and thankfulness to God for all the blessings we enjoy in this our mountain home. Sister Snow, in appropriate remarks, thanked the sisters for the honor conferred upon her and. for their good will and confidence, "and Coiin. Nancy A. Bigler made the closing speech who, bye the bye, was chief mover i the affair! The hymn, "We thank thee, 0 God, for a prophet," was sung, and the closing prayer was of Turkish bath, starting the perspiration at and plants every pore. Here are rare trees from every part of .the, tropical world. My is pen cannot describe the scene, but it deeply esid and hang in the morning in festoons sunny outside walls. All . were busy busy. on tne t selected at Christine Nilsson is soon to be presented the Spanish court by Count Miranda, her mis-ban- V - . Empress Elizabeth ot Austria of tism,and will try the hot baths . Hungary. d. i";;jr, . Anaccountis given in the Cj.. apparently authentic, ot a woman died in the:city, leaving four living busbars . from whom she had not been diyorceo. a n fnr. on mo i,,n v. lation for Chicago as weU as Utah. anti-Morna- on 