WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 64 imnlanted was conducive to secret prayer. She once asked her mother why the Jirt dooks 01 the New Testament were so mucn anKe tins wnq whf.n itJio was a verV little girl." Her mother replied, to make the testimony stronger, thaU.he:testimony.x)t three, or jour witnesses substantiated tne iruin or mesiaieiueiu.. -- .oucu of re- early instructions were the foundation ' in her fourth, but Vilate being a most very delicate, sickly child, required the you-nges- t, constant care. The testimony of these t wo women, reared ' to womanhoo(Lby Mrs. Yoang, i, that she was to them in every , sense or tne a true mother 'word,- ever bestowing upon them . the truest . . .... ' them th 3 earnest alFeeiion.rid mantfesting-fo.J'U "i-JJ.glO.U3 JJI JIJL"JCC, JUUVIIJ!lu characterizes the .mother disciplining the Jmind by a simple process in solicitude 'winch 7 ; whose heart is in her labor of love.? early life, into a religious channel oi thought 'Mrs. Youngsubsequently became th'e mother and feeling. of six children, three s)usand three daughters, Mrs." Young's parent', whileslie.was a child, removed to Pjovidence, Khode Island ; and it all arriving at maturity except one (named wo'manhood.-ShevnsintliaLx-i- v sdi9 crew-tMary) twin sister of Brighanf Yuhg J dnTf Young, one of the Quorum of was naturally of a devotional nature, fond of the Twelve. This little girl died in Xauvoo at ble, especially the prophecies reading and saying of the Savior. At an age when at the age of seven years. At the time of the dedication of the Kirt- Vltl-iaf'..wi h.. t ni t.hftKrftft sit toil nmtfnra' ft u r fu man la nd Tempi e. th ere were- - man tnt Church in Providence, because" of the be- festations. Mrs. 1 oung says :'qio" evening her lief in baptism by immersion, and because they husband came home very late to his supper, exienacu ine rigui iiuuu oi icwowsjjjp 10 an arTd. sli e" inquired the causeKe replied' 'The the professed followers of Christ. Airs. Young's upper part of the Temple was illuminated, and It -- TUPmlifM nf f lift snmft flft- Turpnf'awprn-lThave been watching my friends." On hearnomination. She was for mariy yearsaregular ing this peculiar remark, Mrs.Young.said,; rid u efllcieri itHteacIier "the School and of ,lVhere were they? Did you converse ;with 3 hi ay that church ; and this spiritual! training fitted them'" He replied, "The brethren who had her better for the work which afterwards debeen ministering in the Temple had been quietly volved upon her in this Church and kingdom. observing personages passing aUout in the upper .mo tiAtfii ?itii itr itt i ttivat n I nrrv am There were many portion ot the building. and being intensely interested in religious subborr.e of these wonderful similiar testimonies for a She examination. obtained, of the manifestations copy jects power of God at Hhat testifies that when she took the Book of Mortime. mon in her hands, the Spirit bore witness of Persecution raged in Kirtland soon after the its truth, and she could never afterwards doubt Temple had been dedicated, and the spirit of ifq .... divirift ...... ar'imn. -ITor nnrpnt wftrp tlton vialt.. ..0 apostacy was rife, even among the Twelve, and ing friends in the Suite of New York. Miss ran through all the quorums of the Church. Angell commenced writing letters to them conMr. Young being one of the mo3t forward aud cerning this Oo'pcl. Thus her parents and active in assisting the Prophet ,Joseplito jdi.3- thei r friends were led to invcstigateMormon- pose of these difficulties, was bitterly perseism. She soon after went to the State of New . . xr cuted, and on the 22nd of Dec. 183G, on a very i i i i lorK, where sue had1.1the privilege ot hearing cold stormy Might, with jnst one man for a traveling companion, Mr. Young fled for his truths which she had already believed for more life from the hands of his enemies, and from than two years before she was baptized by I113 home, commending to God and to heaven Elder John P. Greene, brotber-iudato Brig-hahis wife and five helpless children. Jlrs. Young. You pg had twin babes, and her eldest son, Before her parents were ready, Miss Angell Joseph A; Young, well known since to this Jimigra4d4-jviftlam- l. Ohio. in of stern integrity and uuusuaT gathering place of the, Saints. Our. readers business capacity. She was left alone to strug will readily perceive by the train of incidents gle as best she could under the complication of related, that Miss Angell was a young woman adverse circumstances surrounding her, relf ihg of more than ordinary strength f .character. upon God, in whom she ever implicitly trusted, and well calculated to stand as a helpmeet to. to carry her safely through all the difficulties;. one. who was destined to lead the hosts of Israel and trials which beset her way. She suffered in the last Hays. from the depredations of those who were filled imss in ivirtlaud Augeil became acquainted with--thspirit of-- persecution who had some of them been oefore time associated with the iptimately associated with Joseph Smith, and Saints, but had fallen away. The mob would an earnest and zealous preacher. She bad come to her house, and, professing to believe always been exceedingly particular ia receivher husba-.- was hid up there, frighten her until attentions from gentlemen, and had deing her nervous system became completely broken cided that she would never become a wife unand shattered. In o.'.sequenee of the hardless she could feel assured that the one whom ships, frights and exposure to which she was . - . frcn nentlv marked with blood upon the frozen ground and ice. Mr. Young having charge, in consequence of Joseph the Prophet being at that time in prison, with such teams as could be procured, would move forward, and, seeking some temporary place, of shelter for his jytfb and little ones, would leave Mrs. Young to thenJlnher ninth year, and Vilate, the was tender-nu- d - 1 r - i wi-wn-- J " 1 - ' - i take care of herself and family, and return with such assistance as he could get, and gather of the brethren up .the. poorer. and more! destitute 1111 and eisters; also the widows ana neipiess orptiam of those who had fallen victims at the hands of the cruel mob, and help them forward upon their journey. Thus it transpired that during the short interval of. three mouths Mrs. Young . o now-Brigha- F" 1 e i- ml - I - .. x . i w m -- - e she would choose for a life companion would bb a man of God. Mr. Young had been bereaved of his wile, and was left with two little motherless girls, for whom he naturally felt anxious to .obtain a mother, as well a3 a wih and companion for Joseph, the had called Prophet, Brigham Young lo the ministry, aud jiHt at that time, through the dispensations of a watchful Providence, he was guided and directed (no doubt) in choosing for his bosom friend one who possessed all those amiable and gemrous traiUs ot character which make woman motherly in her nature before she becomes a mother to her own offspring; also those sublime and heroic elements that inspire to courage and devotion to the Diety, that heip woman to stamLiirm in the hours and times of th strougvk temptations. Brigham Young and Mary Ann Angell were married in Kirtland in the beginning of the year Wdi. iNlr. 1 oung s eldest girl, Elizabeth, him-stlf- . -- subjected, a "quick consumption set in, which seemed likely to prove fatal. The following spring Mrs. Young, left Kirtland with five smalt chil hvn, alone, to join her husband in Missouri. She traveled the first hundred miles to Wei U vi Jle by private conveyance, and the remainder" of tlic -- jou rney in steam t)Oats to rJrn out .ilh travel Biehmjud, Missouri. and the fatigue of having the sole care of her child ren , when her met her he was so astonished and shocked at the change in her appearance, that his exclamation was, n you. .were almost in your :- hu-ban- . d "' !.. jui to . Xf . - . in Missouri the bamts were not allowed rest; the spirit of mobocracy in the hearts of the inhabitant, ami theraged Saints were driven from their homes in the middle of a stvtre winter. Mauy of the brethren and sifters were obliged to leave on Jbot, having no other way ofjrAvejing, their footprints not un- - to arriving at the place of destination-Shbeing a woman of great firmness of character, e the-Bi- , q u al i fied not on ly - to - take charge ofher. own ,1 Knt 1. r nn(1fli tnnnli itrico on1 Inrli.t . f- assistance in helping her husband to great responsibilities that even then rested upon him as a leader during the time. of . th.-- Trnnhft's nprseciifion and imnrisonment. ' ' a 1 i To be Continued. ou.s ; AVOMEN OF INDIA. When a Hindoo girl is born, there is no rejoicing in the house; often, there is actual soirqw. She must be married before she is or" her' father is disgraced. ten 'years Vhen she is married, he must give a large dower with her, and if he i3 a poor man he gets hopelessly in debt in order to do this. He borrows money at an exorbitant rate of interest, and is ever after at the mercy of the saw-ca- r or money lender. When a son mamea, he bnng3 his wife and her dower home, to his father's house, and the But the father is made richer thereby. into the house; she daughter brings nothing takes away, and' the father is made poorer. This is the great reason why the girl baby '13 not welcome. But more than this, lemales aro of no importance, either in this world or the next. They arc classed with outcasts. It is degrading to the Hindoo Shastras to teach women and outcasts. Ju the Bhagawad Gita, the poet represents Krishna as saying:' "Even tho3o who are born in sin even women, Vaishyas and Sudras take the highest path if they have recourse to me. How much more, then, sacred Brahmans and pious Kshatryas.'-- ' 1 A woman's future depends entirely upon her husband, and her chief and only aim is to insure his salvation, in the hope that through him she may be saved eventually; that in one of the succeeding births, she may be born a man instead of a cat or rat, a3 she has been taught to expect if she does not make herself her husband's slave. She must cook his food, so that he will run no risk of being poisoned. No woman would poison her husband, and thus become a widow. To be a widow 13 the greatest calamity that can befall a woman, aud is what she most dreads. She cooks his food but can never eat with him, or before he has eaten. His son3 may eat with him, but not the wife or daughters. A woman who eat3 before her husband is turned into a bat. ; A Hindoo man is anxious to have son3 because no one but a son can light the funeral pile and perform the other funeral ceremonies for the father. If no son 13 born to him, he must adopt one. A man who has never married cannot be cremated. He 13 tied up in a blauket and slung on a pole like a dog, then carried to his grave by two coolies, where he is buried without coffin or shroud. In some castes, if ha3 not borne a son by the time she i3 twenty-eigh- t years bid, the law allows the husband to take another wife. If a woman loses her or from of-age- ,, eye-sigh- t, . 