WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 132 best blood of this proud Republip! COMMENTS. Woman's Exponent. Yet it avails In the fear of God they have "them nothing. 'made eternal covenants, that cannot be broken-anyet,' because they'will not belie their own con-- ' victions, they must bemadethe victims of oppression, which makes every drop of free blood in their veins tingle with indignation to think of Only the Spirit of God could support them under these trying circumstances; the humility born of faith with which every true Latter-daSaint is im-- . is what in sustains them the ordeals through bued, which, as individuals, and, as a people, they are now passing, for they know their cause is just and We have republished, from the Woman's Journal, several notices of the Edmunds Tucker Bill, Editor. EMM EL IS E li. I VEL 1. or, at least, that part of it which relates to disin Salt Lake City, Utah Terras: Published franchising the womenTVoters, It will be observed one ye.ir, S2.00; dot: "copy rix from the tenor of "these extracts that the woman of nine. for the price copies suffrage people are not afraid to speak their jninds Advertising rates; Each' squav ten ihies of nonpareil on this subject, though 'prejudice - is rife "in the space, one. time, S2.r0; per month, $3.00. 'A. liberal discount to regular advertisers. land, and even men in high places arerswayed by second South Nb. 25 E.. Temple Street, Exponent office, it, against the principles of equaj.rights for all be10 a.rn from hours Husiness ' Office. Jitc east of Deseret News fore the law, who have not been even accused of to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. crime. How men dare do the things that have Address all business coramunicutions to y have actually sworn not: will eventually triumph. been done, "and . PUBLISHER' WOMAN'S EXPONENT, " ' " 7" to do,, is 'astonishm-They...wiluphold the ConSalt Lake City: ''Utah.'' It is gratifying, however, to know; if? the midst stitution of the United States., so they solemnly of such a state of. things as exists at the' present and yet, invested with the power thatthe affirm, 1887. Fecruuary f, time, that President .Cleveland is not to be hoodSalt Lake City, people give to them, to sit in the Congress of the winked by even the ablestand most popular mem- United States, they boldly acquiesce in a scheme bers of Congress. He" has'Talready shown his IMPORTANT TELEGRAM. to take away from one portion of the citizens of on than more one pluck occasion, and if he will States'the of United the conscience and liberty 21 The supportWashington, D. C, January carefully consider 'the serious matter' of affixin'or. an of to in the establishment the right religion bill much concerned are of ers the his signature to the Edmunds-Tucke- r Bill, he will, which they most profoundly believe. at the interest which they say Mr. W. L. Scott is in all probability, effuse to commit so flagrant an. n in who noble of band which efforts he the in and The the bill, suffrage,women, manifesting outrage, upon a cl.llssof citizens simply tor "their National Convention at Washington, on is making, as they understand it, to induce the does, or - not, do this while-thof was their" I'res'identio-vetpit- r active have shown 27th January, Mr.Scptt gross wrong, Miss Anthony and her coajutors bill was under discussion in the House, to independence and fearlessness of spirit in memorhave performed a duty in this regard, that entitles have'eertain amendments adopted, which should ializing the President of the Great Republicyand them to the honor and respect of all the world. preserve what'he called the rights of the Mormons, asking him to veto a. bill which deprives Women, The convention may be proud of the success and which should provide for the submitting a not in any sense under the ban of an unconstitu committee who presented that memorial, for tional lair even, of a right and privilege' bestowed constitution to them forbidding polygamy. Chairelicited from the Chief Executive of the nation man Tucker, who has charge of the bill, and who strict accordance with the law of the more of his views upon them-irupon the matter than has before made a speech so strong in support of it that the Territory, and which has become to them a right been given publidy, at4east.-ome-o- f thtjse-e- x -- of here -t- elegraphedseventeen standi ThescT n'gT" year's possesjioni)f Bill ultant champions of the Edmunds-Tucke- r stand forth women as heroic of copies,of it has said to some of the friends of the grand, champions too" sure" think of" may, perhaps, they were a little bill that he does not fear the influence of any man. justice, and deserve-the-prai- se of all men and all the of every one who denounced with the President in opposition to the bill, except women throughout the land for the step they have polygamy. Miss Anthony denounces polygamy, that of Mr. Scott. taken to defend the rights of those, who are, as it too, but she believes in human rights, nevertheless, were, powerless to act in their own defense, beand does not sanction the taking a way, without, at cause of the bigotry and prejudice which exists in least due process of law, privileges from those SUFFRAGE WOMEN PROTEST. this boasted age of enlightenment, and in the who have broken no law whatever; in fact, those country "which hali proclaimed religious liberty to "Washington, D. C, Jan. 28. who have leen denied the right to vote and hold "The committee appointed for the purpose by all mankind. No convention, or conference of .office, etc., under the law of 1882 and have had no men, no, not even ministers of the Gospel of the National Woman Suffrage Association called opportunity to defend their position. It isan asdone as have anrd their motto on the President much; Christ, yet is, and presented him a sumption .on tlie part of those who have interpreted -and they emblazon it forth," Do" uhto" memorial asking him to veto the Ed triunds bill or the law, there has .been no criterion to judge, by, would that they should do unto you," and, "Whathe Tucker substitute therefor, whichever shall except as the Utah Commission have appointed would "do men that should unto tsoever do ye the you disfranchisement pass Congress, proposing certain registrars, tho" have refused to register of the. ye even so to them, for, this is the law and the women of Utah.- The people whom they suspected, or have erased their Presided said he would give the mememorial his prophets." This is the law of the Savior, the names from the list of voters. .. careful consideration. He recognized that it was pattern for all to follow, but O how far men fall Not only does Congress impose great hardships a serious matter to disfranchise any class-- short of this divine law! upon the people, of Utah, but seems determine J The bondage that the. Congress of the United The following dispatch" was immediately tele- to make a strong point against the admission of seems and even States to anxious force the willing "graphed: any other Territory into the union unless it, will "Mormon" is little if into, than people better, any, Miss Susan B. Antaonv, Riggs make certain Constitutional provisions against the Hojse, Waai-ingtothe slavery of the South, for even the -- slaves '' . D.C: practice of polygamy. And yet, the very men could believe as they pleased without any limitawho ask for this believe the Bible and know that In behalf of the women ot Utah, we, the untion by laW. To be sure they vfere bought and men of God in ancient times practiced, polygamy. " dersigned, respectfully tender our grateful acsold for a price at the will of their masters, while Men who have bejen held up as examples and revknowledgements to the officers and members of this are given, with all their possessions, 'people erenced all down through the ages of the world. the National Woman's Suffrage Convention forthe into the hands of a minority, who, it is well known, 'able and timely effort made in Jesus himself said, "Except ye do the works exercising their inwould rob and despoil them of all that is sacred fluence with the President and the people of the and what, would that convey? The and dear in this" life. Lord said unto Abraham, "Thy posterity" shall be United States in opposing the disfranchisement is It that those who have not argued as numerous as the sands upon the sea shore.' of the legal woman voters of Utah and the obpractically and sustain Edmunds-Tuckeplural those accepted marriage uphold noxious r This was the blessing of Abraham from the Lord, Bill. who have, and for that reason they should be dis- ' and yet the Congress of: the United States would Signed franchised and not. allowed the privilege of free Eliza R. Snow Smith, prohibit a man havingany posterity at ail,if his one is This men. an Zina D. H. Young, . assertion, but, granting it were wife should fail to give him offspring. And inM. ISAELLA HORNE, true, look at the facts. Those who are known or deed the popular thing now and in many inS araii M. Kimball, suspected to have obeyed this law of marriage as stances the practice is, not to multiply and rea sacred duty and obligation devolving upon them, Jane S. Richards, plenish the earth, in place of fulfilling the first through revelation from God, are, through the law Emily S. Richards, commandment given to our first parents. of 1882, subject to bonds, to fines and imprisonJosephine R. West, But to come back to the original subject ot and ments of this , Ellen indignities nature, brought beFerguson M, D., suffrage or the. ballot in the. hands of the women fore commissioners, courts and juries, their names Zina Y. Williams, of Utah. Where is the first person who can say cast-ou" as evil, and. their wives and children subRomania B. Pratt; M ZD. There ot to insults which makes one's blood boil to one. Emmeline B. Wells. jected They have held the ballot sacred and have think of.- Are they to be cast off by those of 'the Miss Susan B. Atilhony, the President of always been on hand to exercise the right and the same faith? Is there tctbe.no succor, no for cast their votes for the rnen of their choice, those hope y Association, received a telegram from them from this persecution that is being so relent whom they knew to be worthy the positionsjto Kansas, stating that the Municipal woman suffrage and cruelly waged against them ? lessly bill had passed the Senate cf that State bv a which they were nominated, and like wise'and -- f .... vptn Kf.. ana wDI?en children, aye, and of to 13. prudent citizens they have voted for their friends and fathers of them, are of the and not for their enemies. .; very . d . semi-montul- one-cop- .'months,-fLOOrrfTe- y n: v , y v , tha-lhe- ' " y l - anti-Mormo- assem-bled.fi- e IfJjiJ.JMtJei;. -- 25th7-26th-and of-t- he -- -- it-ha- r for-3,0- to-d- 00; ay , - non-polygamo- us . " , n, of-Abra- ham," . ' , t theyhave-abusedhatJtprivileg- - to-da- . ,."7. ! j e? is-n- ,i 