WOMAN'S EXPONENT. I think it would be greatly to the interest of the people if our Co op stores would turn out some or their. Capital in that direction. Lam highly in favor of a factory but- -I am interested in the poor for I am one of them and I believe a carding machine would be of more them than a factory, and I advantage cu. W1U give iuy reasons lur iuiub.iu The poor would have but very little capital if any in a factory and would .have to buy their clothing' just the same as they do now but if they had the carding machine they then could make their own, cloth with their own On deck rebuked by hand and word The storm, and God in heaven heard. : ' they-en- to' me - Woman's Exponent: write How many times have I attempted-tfor the Exponent and Dearly as oftep failed! When I remember that the women in every settlement of the Saints should'be represented in "our paperM fear that I am guilty of a .. neglect of duty. mountains the the of herein tops Awav ud isolated s-a small settlement of almost, the nearest settlement of our people we are being St Johns distant 80 miles, but make striving to build up' the country and far. so away, . homes worthy of saints. Though -alLDassihcr in o events. interest livplv Tfofppi and eagerly peruse the papers that we may, be familiar with the signs of the times. We svmDathise with you and the Saints in Utah in he loss of the suffrage through the schemes and truth-hatinmen, but so sure plots of wicked, crushed will rise again" and as "truth. though . . t i t shine wi th brighter lustre, so sure win tni3 cherished right be restored to you in Utah and who are women given' to other noble while for it, so bravely struggling so are those who vindictively of the righteousness progress fighting ...will .'nk into oblivion, and after ages (not long I . tk.nr.. nnln rw, t U I. "ill mtu aicrciLucry mix iciutiuuci tried be to a We are people even contempt gold seven times purified, in the furnace; if' God sees fit to try us through wicked men it matters not to 113. "It must, needs be that offenses come, but woe to them by whom they the-Sain- -i- BY EMILY B. SPENCER. ts, g ddis . South. Arriving at St.JLouis the company landed. Some had friends who joyfully me them, and and took them away, but Henrietta felt lonely. The one she loved hadiior appeared and in alL that great city there wa? no one else to greet her. What was her surprise and delight when a pleasant gentleman spoke to her, tell-- " ing her life had'conie for her, that he was the Bishop of the branch. He took her to the louserf a friend, ana felt her. Here she was" made welcome and her new found sister friend treated her a3 a mother would a daughter, and-- " - to-da- y X ' come!,.. will triumph, we know we have that; we Know our religion is pure, eyery principle of it the whole Christian world to the contrary notwith-standin- g that-- 1 we"be And nothing to tend in but will exalt lieve us iii the scale of being, and take us back to h nthpr won the" warm estg hA TrPSPnfA nfnnr Wp nro wpaV In this kind home she staid until she found human beings liable to err, but this is not the em pi oy m en t jnan ot h er V fa mjjy Lfniilr. hf nnr Tpltorinn npithp.riL nnr rplio-inTime and" preparations answerable for the wickedness of some of its passed" on, for the be overland iournev professors. The Gospel net gathers of all and at last in early spring, she kinds, the wheat and the tares will grow togan, set her face westward towards Zion the place gether. The time of separation is nigh, even of the Saints, in the tops of the mountains. at our doors. Let us be as the wise virgins, alMorning after morning the call came for ways ready with our lamps trimmed and burnifull of oil.' that we mavJ not be blown off prayers and breakfast the harnessing and yok- - ng:, CJ' CP pDrHhramsnto whu uie cnau.. always westward overjhe level plaius, with the xi is oniy inrougn prayer mat we can nave same mountains in the distance, in view, the the Holy Spirit to lead us safely through of the of the and the walking riding strong temptation. It is as necessary for the mothers weak, the noon halt, afternoou the repitition of to be in possession of the as the fathers. the morning and the glad sight of water and Whether we realize it or spirit not, it is we who have feed at night the molding of our children's future, whether A rest after the weary day's march. The it be one of usefulness, or otherwise in the bright, camp fires were lighted, suppers quickly Kingdom of God. . got, moon lit dances, cheerful songs, prayers, is we who have them under our almost It and all to "bed, except the watchful guard, ever entire control, during their early years, when alert, so that no 'foe could come unobserved the mind is st susceptible. of lasting imcreeping through the grass like a snake, to pressions. The wise man said, "Train a child steal the teams or kill the sleeping campers. in the way he should go, when he is old he will Day after day was nearly the same until the not depart from it"" How necessary then we mountain -- ranges "were reached. Then the should watch their every act, yea, even mold monotony of" the. scenery was broken. Deep their evftrv thnncrht in tha nroca nf tVo T .rA rivers were crossed, and after many days the - 'Tis an old theme this, yet never enough is all could look far away and get the first courage the struggling mother! Had I the glimpse of the lovely valley of Salt Lake, and tnrtfrnp iton onnol v vnf uii t. i nnr iiiti iii catch the glistening silver of that distant intheme nobler could employ it than the trainland sea, Salt Lake with a charm surrounding of our precious little ones. it, the entrance into the valley where the very ing Phlbe A.. McNeil." atmosphere bfeathed peace, and the lovely of the Spirit of God seemed in the very atmosphere making the Jugged mountains A meeting in commemoration of Wendell seem the best of places, the home valley, Phillips was held in Faneuii Hall Monday evening, May 30. . - n - . ' jit-t-- rf HENRIETTA'S VOYAGE. . . . New-OrleanJan- embarking, took a last farewell of the noble ship, that had been Lonie to them for so long, and takiog a steamer 'for t. Louis, ascended the mihtv MississinpLlOneither shore they of residences. wealthy beheld, the of cotton the fields, negroes gangs planters, wt rking, and the beautiful scenery of the M. B. '" . . - scenery. At last 4 rt came in splendor bright, The morning The ocean's jeweled bosom, light 'Bore white capped waves into the sight; The ship was swiftly sailing right, . 1 k i . cryir,u.vvp.cne-X,Q.r.iriznn?- v, -i Editor dis-appeari- make our own wear. "C 1 The storm was past and the Saints felt that the Lord had indeed- - stilled .the tempest, and Him grateful prayers arose to Him, thanking for their preservation. The weary days wore on, the sun rising over the vast expanse of water,' and at evening dipand ping its golden disk below the waves settle seemed to until monotony down upon the passengers, but at last thecry of land brought all on deck,. and again the sight of green verdure, tropical trees, rocks, rivulets, and houses, gave animation to the varied weary throng that gazed upvon the - 1 Ram An, Valencia Co., N. M. o - ui -- ' alone in my ideas pn this subject, by raany.and I would say to all that view this subject in the eame light that I do, speak up for your right?; speak out plain and tell the brethren that it is a carding machine that we want nere in the.Eastern Stake of Arizona. "Oh " says rnf "whnf. normpnsP! an old woman's fancv. we are tired of it; we will get .all such: things when we see that we need them." Now I told you in the beginning that I was not educated, but that I had had quite an ex- T wMil rvr VtJ g rtI na n tumk ilimrra arwl timu Vfill JU DiIUv 11111117 H(M IIVTT 7tl J be I the one of a lituesabout it. happened to unfortunate ones- that lived In the south in time of the rebellion. I had been raist d in a city, knew nothing of farm work but I happen to be living on a farm when-th- e war broWxnitT then we had to make our own support in some way; we had to go to the fields and work; we had to card, and spin and weave every inch of cloth that we wore, even the very thread.it took to sew it with, we had to make. We could. not buy a yard of cloth, a spool of thread, a skein of yarn, a bunch ot warp, a card of buttons, or a paper of needles orpins. We tanned our own leather, made our own. shoes, in .fact we made all we eat or woreT Supplies were all cut off from the south, and we were overtaken as a thief in the night. But if we had been as wise as nnr npnnlp. n.rfoFnroffissto be, we might have been better prepared. And I would advise all to lay by such things as thev mav need ifhen Rahvlon full nnd we cannot get them. Such as needles, pinsf buttons, thimbles, thread, wool cards, bleached t. .1 ,11 Pul I, nn mil el In linon nun n.ir i iiucu, .iiiiugs wt? imt better prepare such things and not need them, than to need them, and not be able to get them. .. . . TV. am wnai. we neea now is a carding machine; we don't want to be forced to card by hand to. iit-cui- ; The wind seemed gently lulled to sleep, Sbofi'waves stopped lowering o'er the deep, For God I lis Saints will ever keep, ' ' Glory ever be to IlimP" ---- CORRESPONDENCE. .r . , THE STORM. ; The vessel Josses here and there, For storm the sailors her prepare, Bestowing oh her every care, - Heaven preserve them where they are. the-mo- Through the long night the lightnings flash, Kept lighting dash the Against shivering ship and masts,. The shrieking wind in terror passed. uptlie-WavesU- The thunder pealed its notes X"nd rltinf rain tum I 0 ,vv.i.v of docmi v i ne end seemed corning very soon, m ivuuci rne tnumicr slioom. The creaking ship gave groan for groan, The women and the children, moan; Will ever come another morn? Will they outride the locating storm? Thin prayers arose from Saints cn board, An Elder then the tempest dared, . ca. nfluence 1 - ii 4-- 