WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 146 " and C.imille jorl in pay.3 works her the great compliment 'of asking her to give him'her impressions 01 the new regime early in the reign of Louis XVIII., and adds. know how I delight to hear. you,, with your pure and discriminating mind, talk on all sub; ihis was a rare lects.even the most serious. was not a man to in compliment, dulge in fulsome flattery. She was gifted with , that most delightful of all good gifts, jare tact, and it was one of her - chief charms tnat she .1 . ii uraw out me suu-reai- - worm 01 couid iug them off to their; best ad vintage," without"' her of beinsr the cau.e ot them suspectm-r1 . 1 . . 1 . 1 :, . 1 . Extract from letter to 31 me. R. from " Mine, de Stael. Ma lame Recamier had a way of being iu'everyone's fate as though it was a matter of personal comfort, and people turned to her for sympathy, as naturally as flowers to nthe sun. 7 nf fortv. she took upon herself t the task 'of educating the little niece of M. m-tere.-t- - lii i!a: - . , pL-opu- Rectimiera motherless girl .of six summers, and fulfilled the task with all the devotion and 1 r.rne?tness of a -- foisd mother havingher al the ways with her, and not only.superintending instructing her. cliiliy lessons, Iking pasionat ly fond of musicshe delighted in teaching her niece., this accomplishment, wherever elie- traveled the child went also and was indeed cared for,as though she ha'd been her own. Little'Amelia' proved most grateful and aifrctionatc and lowd Madame, Recamier with all the devotion of a daughter; it was in her. arms she .breathed her last, and by hcrdias she but-directl- i rpnf . -- W tl-.- and parlors were decorated with festoons of laureU which culminated in a cai.opy of . matching, a background of ferns and palms beneath which the officiating clergyman, Rev James Freeman Clarke, waiter! for the arrival' of the bridal x u- j ti i auu iniimaie irienus. A ciuuea oniy reiaLivfs little before .9 p.m., a quartette of male voices began to sing some charming stanzas com poised by Mr. John S. Dwight for the ocoasjou. To n. vpil nf .T.'r, 'this sweet-miisithp sonnd'of VM.Jt4iJ suddenly drawn aside, and the bride appeared. the bridegrocm immediately joining her. Bothuow walked through a "aisle formed by a long Stretch of satin l rihlinn nn pithpr side, and stnod- frniitltKr IliC ' "vuillUj clergyman, who stood facing the company. The bride's dress wa3 of cream-whit- e sdtin ' . ' some wiinvery oeauinui .loman guiuraped the" lace, gift of her Tnibtherr Her hair pure was dressed in classic fas4iion, very simply and over the urecian knot at the, back of the" head was fastened a veil of costly lace, historical in the family; The service which was brief and simple, wis followed by congratulations, music and supper, and in due time the -- the -- orthodox' -newly-marrie- d pair departed, . i c l .1 i ii token orf goodi tnem, to wit, a shower of ripe and a. slipper. Boston 'Woman's ; -ese-- y - p. " 7 workjwas tern-poar- the exhibition of their talent. Authors aud new iuminaries of the dramatic, literary and musical world came first to the sa&mofMme. Recamier,to test their power and the?.criticismof tho-- e cougregated there. Even the great Rachael did not disdain to declaim a new piece there, before trusting to the public to decide its merits. It was here, also, the pro ductions "of Chateaubnands' great mind were 'b(;en,.most sincerelylamentel. To a woman wlioe whole lire was given to first given to the select circle of friends, who basked in the sunshine" :of una beautiful social obligations, the cafe of "this child must .woman's friendship- 7 have been to Madame Ricamier a great sacri MadameTEecamierfulfilled "agreatr-sccia- l fice; but if it was Ho, Tio"one was ever conscious ever allowed to of it; nor in fact was any-on- e or personal charms as bv her real womanhood. feel an obligation to. her. The sunshiheof her - ' - ' - This great beauty, this queen of society, had soul prevaded, the household over which she Journal. fivprv pvp.11.5p. tn lip ViLin frivnlnm nnn p h h presided, chasing away all gloom She was not a specially brilliant woman, ygt yet she always ros6 above the temptation, and BARGAIN IN MUSIC. a most the directlv lovelv wa3 her wit was sparkling and vivacious; and Alme irracious opposite: lohl said of her, lI never knew so entertaing womansincere, earnest, disinterested; .neither This Favorite Album of Songs and Ballads, hardened by worldliness, or soured by baffled a person; no one couhltell a story as she did, own .old in and she had a reat sense of humor, and her affections; but preserving even pieces of choice andpopu-la- r age containing thirty-twblindness and amid reverses of fortune, that was exceedingly delicate; but the never mid an music, full sheet music size, with complete sweetnes3and serenity 'which marked her char words and music andpiano accompaniment is I herein, 1 am sure, unkind tJi inn of anyone. Madame acter in its happiest days. Holding, her un lies the true secret of her charm, and finely printed upon heavy paper, with a very Mme. loved in a marvelous manner over Mohl adds, as do all her friends,"! attractive cover. The folloving are the titles, disputed sway ' men ana women alike, not only by her person of the song3 and ballads contained in the FaRecamier." Who could wish for a more beautial loveliness, but by her sympathy and exful epitaph than these words' of this famous vorite Album: As I'd Nothing Else to Do; " woman. iuaaame ivecamier s inenusuip iur The Dear Old Sons of Home; Mother, Watch quisite tact. ' . ii. 1' Ti ....1,1 ue :i Chateaubriand, proved both her amiability and' "IKe Little" feet;" Oh, You Pretty Blue-eyejiouseuse w ascnue me nappy lrnuuju influence she exerted on all about her, the com- - powers of entertaining, for the great poet had W.itch;BJue.Lyes; Katy s Letter; Ihe rassmg fortlnFaliorded,lhe culture alufTIroesslhe" grown weary even or natiprjranarisaia ne rx3eiirisaw'ii,sau-rvissi- ng ivate- ;- won advanced to idle coquetry. It is ridiculous to died not so luuch from disease as ennui; yet Tell Me Why, Robin: The Old Garden Gate; suppose, that a merely worldly minded, but this delicate, beautiful old blind woman never Down below the Waving Lindens; Faded beautiful woman ,no matter how bewitching failed to interest and amuse him, and wa3 to Leaves; All Among the Summer Roses; Touch her manner, could inspire the life long friend the day of his death a devoted friend. As a the Harp Gently, My Pretty Louise; really with the and Madame brave,which ships gifted queen of French society she swayed her social" don't think I shall Marry; Dreaming of Home; Recamier inspired, and which it was her privi sceptre, for full. fifty years, with such bewilder- - The old Cottage Clock: Across the Sea; A year lege to enjoy during her life. No, such are Ago; Bachelor s Hall; Kuth and I; Good JNight; grace, such rare 'sweetness and amiability, not won by mere, blandishments; neither are aingcharm so potent, that her empire ended only One Happy Year Ago; Jennie in the Orchard; -memories of and enduring The Old Barn Gate; Jack's Farewell; Polly; congenialitv grace with her fife. thus bequeathed.. The.Seath of her. beloved friends, Ballanche Whisper in the Twilight. This is a. very Ihe friendships of this charming woman anxTChateaubriand: following each other so fine collection of real vocal jems, and gotten up were unexampled for warmth and lasting at- - closely, was a sad shock to the sensitive soul of in very handsome style. Published in the . . n I l usual way and bought at a music store, these I hat Madame Recamierr Just before' the death ot the xaenment; ana sue was lond 01 saying, ,,rni there was a certain taste in perfect friendship former ,she had submitted to a successful opera .32 pieces, would cost you $11- - 20. We bougfet to which common- - place characters could never tion for cataract; but she wept away the newly a job lot of this music-aa great sacrifice and as bed. The delicate the holidays are past, we desire to close out our recovered .sight at his death Rare, indeed, are the friendships that have s.tate of her health, her' depression, and a great stock at once. Will send you the entire collecfear she had always had of cholera, probably tion well wrapped and postpaidfor only,40 ueen so penect mcnaracter and endurance, as made her more' susceptible to its dread influ cts. Send immcdiaklg. those between Madame Recamier and Madame in its when it made Paris de Stael, Ballanche, appearance Address, The Empire New3 Co., Syracuse, Chateaubriand and ence, and " I A rn nharm . rl I , 4 1. i I. ,. vic'i in she became the an N. Y. 1849, easy spring'of uore Liiaii ricii iiicuuauii3 lruus iiiujmtiL, of culture and refinement, that died not with .tim expiring May the 11th after a few hours of ... youth or health, that absence did not dimmish great agony. A recentlv nublished book, is called "One of. life one of the most Ihus ended the nor loss of fortune quench. the Think of a woman like Mme. de Stael, who beautiful of women posxessedof a charming and Hundred Distinguished Americans." Of lovable character, and because her life was so members, but four are women, and these are was so jealous of her power, she disliked to tru-- ; her friendship so inspiring, her influence Charlotte Cushman, Lucretia Mott, Elizabeth hear of her male admirers getting married. Cadv Stanton, and Harriet Beecher Stowe. is nwwunug wiLu u.iavjsii coruianiy w ner neart so benign, her memory so beloved. Phi- and home, so' formidable a rival as the fair Presumably they represent Art, Politics, . .11 t f an t b auu wno seems never to have felt a uuueiie. ropj an d Li tera t u re; Swcetner of life! and solder of society." jealous pang, even when she see3 her former ini's'will. made iust before Mysotis. admirers at thn fpf nf th V shamief;o America last fall, giveTTiairor de btael seemed content with her intellectual to her h her fortune to her husband, fame and accorded Juliette the full sway of hrnfhfr.in.1aw Mr Strntn'h. and the empire of beauty, as she says, "because HOWE ELLIOTT. you to found "Patti scholarshins" for the benefit of are eminently 'good ,' and it seems only natural in the large cities where promising singers girl thatso sweeta soul should be expressed .by so The marriage of Miss Maud Howe, voun crest the testator has won her laurels. Her grave, charming a face. daughter of Julia Ward Howe, to Mr. John she directs, is to be adjrned with fresh flowers Amid all your successes you are, and ever will Elliot took at- - her mother's house on place all the yar .round, in token of her. "having remain an angel of purity and goodness." Monday evening, Feb. 7. The hall, stairwav. lived surroun'ded by blossoms. ' . 11 - 0 1 1 - T ; - - 1 " . will-ronow- ing - -- - o : . ' i- .- d tiou ! - . I A I 1 - t 1 n-- ,f I I .Z T : " y . TV! Feb,-22nd-188- 7. one-fourt- one-fourt- h t . 