' WOMAN'S EXPONENT. .f '. A few dayf since, a celebrated prosecuting ( persecuting) attorney aeciarea in open court be convicted whether that the Mormons-musthey could obtain proof of guilt or, not. Phew! is this justice? And recollect,, cohabitation is only a misdemeanor, while Hopt, themurderer; 13 still auve.-and- , judging irom appearances, will be pardoned when it can be done on the; ' duiet. lint then, be ia not a Mormon; oh, no! Then we hare that noble, brave deputy marshal, Thompson, that , hides in houses and shoots men down (in the back, remember) as they .pass along the streets, and who has a jury ready at Tim command, and more than willing to do his will, for so much vet diem. This is called manslaughter, and he i? admitted to bail: we may look for a verdict-o- f justifiable homicide, or some such trash; but then the murdered man 13 a Mormon, that makes all the difference; had it been the other way the Mormon would have ' had to die, but they will make their verdict to please the howling wolves that would like to soul if they could. The' devour us body0 and the. lamh was nprpr mnrfl nnd wnlf fahlp nf fhp verified than in the present crusade. When Senator -- Logan was here with the G, Av R.rheaid in hi3 "speech, ifwedidnotrlike the treatment we are getting ,we might emi grate. Kind, very kind! but he has gone first. I should not be surprised if more of the wolves were stopped in their toad career- - Has the .; -- Those that live longest will see most. If we are only true we shall come out of the furnace THinhM nffl.lLthAnrn.99 . cold-hearte- d God-fearin- g of-Go- -- neglet.-JinJmppines- Maby. SHALL WE BE LIKE THEM? XrB OTVRING. BY ELDER It. "Why can't they be like the rest of us?" I his remark was "made by Grover Cleveland, President of the United States of America, in reference to the Church of Jesus Christ of .Latter-dabaints in Utah and was no doubt elicited by the thought that if that people could be mduced to give up their faith in the revelations .of the Almighty (which the President and the majority of mankind do not recognize), it would save the government and him.elf much trouble and expense, and the vexatious prosecutions, imprisonment people i t . .i J ana roucn sunenng. Oil tnat inere is no aouDt the President was honest in the thought that it would be lor the benefit or those alluded to; but let us consider the question, and see what we would be liker Would it benefit to be" like their corrupt politicians, pettifogging lawg priests? Shall we conyers, and form to the practices and vice3 that appear inseparable with the boasted civilization of the present age, and be like "the rest of them" in their licentiou3ness,debauchery and drunkenness; their swindling?, robberies and defalcations? Shall we adopt their dreadful practices of infanticide, foeticide "and abortion; their assignations, seductions ana adulteries; their murders, suicides and pollutions? Shall we copy them in their man inade systems of religion, having a form of godliness but denying the power thereof; ever learning, but .never able to come to a knowledge of the truth? Shall we heap to ourselves teachers having itching ears, and turn the' truth intojables? Shall we; like them, transgress the laws, change the ordinances, and break- the everlasting 'covenant? .we imitate them in what is admitted by themselves to; be a social evil, and have our beautiful cities infested with thousands of prostitutes, bringing disease, death and perdition to our once happy homes, corrupting our chaste, virtuous and lovely sons and daughters, and instead of a 'comparative heaven, bring a very pandemonium of. evils into our midst? y " . time-servin- -- - 1 .1-- s, - -the- -opportunity . y ' . 1 A ., y ; ( a a ' - " ; Shall we repudiate our wives whom we have covenanted to love and cherish not only for time, but for eternity? Shall we turn them out, and trust them to the tender mercies of .a and cruel world, and have them branded with the name of harlot, and consign thpm to a life of shame? Shall we allow our much loved and cherished sons and daughters to be branded with the name of bastard?, those whom we have reared in happy homes, taught to be strictly chaste and virtuous, bringing them up in the fear and admonition of the Lord, teaching them to be sober, industrious, and la, w abiding? Shall honest, aod ally we disobey the commands ourselves with the world, the flesh and the devil?. Our answer is No, no, no! a thousand times No! Now in the celestial order of marriage, to which, evidently, thePresident was alluding, .who is injured? Who complains? Who murmurs? Have the parties who of their own free will and choice have entered 'into, the covenant of eternal companionship; asked for protection from the courts or the federal government? Have they complained of cruelty, desertion or iseryw want? Are not bu rwiveTan d children well fed, housed and clothed, and surrounded with' the necessaries, comforts and many of the luxuries of life? Will not cur, people compare favorably with those of any State or Territory in the Union? Let our wives and children answer, for they are directs ly interested Let the disinterested traveler, m erch an tan d - statesman w ho h as - had of visiting our happy homes, our comfortable firesides, our thrifty farms, factories and workshops, tell of our bromerly love, our hospitality, our love of hearth and home, our affection for wives and children, and our reve-rence for our country, ou r religion and bu r God. Thousands could testify 6f the truth of these things if they had the moral courage to proclaim themselves friends to an unpopular refrfion and people. The, writer of this article has seen in the past four months in England more contentions, jealousies, evil speaking, mngry passions, unKindness, envy, malice and uncharitableness in the monosramic relation. than he has in all his thirty years' experience 1 tne but among despised, happy .Latter-daSaints in Utah. Who, then, shall we imitatef Shall we not strive to be like the ancient worthies, who, through faithubdued kingdoms, wrought righteousness, obtained promises, the of mouths, lions, stopped quenched the of the violence fire, escaped edge of the sword, waxed valiant in fight, and put to flight the . T I armies ot tne- aliens: JLiKe tnem. and like those noble Saints of latter days, when persecu-- ' ted, imprisoned or tormented, we will not accept deliverance at the expense of our honor and integrity to our covenants, knowing that we will obtain a better resurrection and an exaltation in the kingdom of our God. We will rather follow in the footsteps of Abraham. Isaac and Jacob, of Moses. Elkanah anH Hannah, of ancient apostles and prophets. also those, of our own day. We will imitate the example of those noble women of Utah who recently met m convention at the Saft Lake City Theatre, where thousands of our wives and mothers, si?ters. and daughters young and old, protested against the orosecu- tions ana persecutions ot their husbands and fathers for their faith in.j and ohedipnnAtn vv" V' tha VUU commandments of the Almighty,- - Their resolutions and protestations were echoed and pn- dorsed by their sisters in every city, town and namiet oi tne latter-daSaints. In the wordsof our immortal poetess, "Our hearts arp fixed; we know in whom -- we trust" We will follow their noble examples; our faith is as firm as the everlasting hill-- , as uhchangable as the immutable laws of Jehovah. Through obedience to the everlasting Gospel we have obtained ,- Grantsville, Jan. 10, 1887. .' . . r - ' a perfect knowledge that the Almighty lives-tha- t through the atonement of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ we can obtain salvation by, obeying the laws and ordinances of His king-dothat He does and always will reveal His mind and will to His servants the prophets ' when He has a Church upon the earth; that He has given us laws to obey in the age in which .we live, and revealed them to his apostles and prophets; that .the angel hasTcome to the earth who was spoken of by John the Revelator (Rev. xiv, 6), and delivered the everlasting Gospel to the Prophet Joseph Smith who came fortk ,with the same promise the Savior gave in His day when upon the. earth that if any man would do the will of his' Father, he should know of the doctrine, whether it was of God or not, and that the signs should follow and be enjoyed by those ' who believed and obeyed the message of life and salvation, with all the gifts and blessings that were enjoyed by the ancient Saints. The Elders of the Church have gone forth, proclaiming the message' of life 'and salvation to the inhabitants of the earth, warning them of the udgments that will be poured out upon tbose who will not know God nor. obey the Gospel of His Son Jesuar Christ. After their testimony the prophet declared they should-havthe testimony of plagues, pestilence and famine, earthquakes, bloodshed, secret combina- tion3, wars and rumors of wars. Desolation and death sbpuld stalk through the land, until the inhabitants of the earth should be destroyed m; . -- e tnd but fewT men-lef- t. who shall separate Knowing from the love of these-thing- s, U3 Christ? or Shall tribulation or distress, or persecution famine, or nakedness, or peril, or sword? "For lam persuaded, that neither death, nor life, nor angels, nor principalities, nor powers, nor things present, nor things to come, nor height, nor depths, nor any other 'creature shall be able to separate us from the love of God which i3 in Christ Jesus our Lord." Millennial Star. . ' NOTES AND NEWS. Tennyson's new book of poem3 contains the three act play "The Promise of May." which was produced in London some years ago. The volume centers in greatest interest in "Locksley Hall," in which the poet reviews the life of mankind during the last sixty years s. and comes to the conclusion that its boasted progress is of doubtful credit to the world ia general and to England in particular. LAV cynical, vein of denunciation of democratic opinion and aspirations runs throughout the of poem, in marked contrast with the spirit the "Locksley Hall" of the poet's youth. te John G. Whittier, the venerable Quaker birthday December 17th, at Oak Knoll, Danvers, Mass., where he received the congratulations of hosts of friends. The day was observed in Amesbury' by some of the schools in reading and reciting selections from his works and also in a like manner by some of the literary societies. Mr.? Whittier was the recipient of a large number of callers. The poet is in good health, but passes most of his time indoors. Ex. poet, celebrated his seventy-nint- h Mulock Craik, the English to novelist, i3 now an elderly - woman, given hair. She wearing caps: aver her: snow-whit- e lives in the country, and occasionally goes up to London to visit with literary people. Mrs. Dinah , The first statue of a woman, not of royal birth, set up in England, was recently erected in memory of Miss Dorothy Wyndham Path-sobetter known as "Sister Dora?" the famous hospital nurse." n, " 