WOMAN'S 181 I ask you all to gone: VVe feel comlorted in the hope that she will come forth in the resurrection of the just. Peace to her ashes! . A. R. Keller, Secretary. In behalf of the South Ward R. S. that the Lord may reform-- , ' ' Amen. The IVesi lent Sister ; John, felt that the Lord had bVije'u tfith us in our conference. .We will now adjourn for three mouths. Singiug,, "Praise God from whom all blessings flowelc. bbss us. . Benediction by Bro. David John. With mournful' feelings, deepened by present .circum stances, T record the' inuch unexpected, death of Sister Hansen, who is now on a Mary, H Hansen, wife of She was in apparent good health mission to Denmark. about 4 o;lock p.m., Sunday, and at 12 o'clock on Mon day, March 281B, she lay a corpse, fourteen hours after civinp birth to a little bov. who also died. She was the daughter of Hans and Ellen "Jorgensen Knude, and was born on the 22nd of November. 1854, in Thorby,- - Lolland, Denmark. She hrard and embraced the Gospel in 1880, and immediately began to use her influence, to emigrate herself and sister. Her exertions were not in vain, for in the fall of 1881 both came "to Utah, where they have lived in peace, and gained the confidence and esteem of their acquaintances. On March 14th, 1884, she chose to live in polygamy, knowing that plural marriage was a divine law, and would prove an inestimable blessing to those who would enter it with pure motives, and an eye single to the glory of God. She leaves a host of friends to venerate her a memory, son, aged one year and seven months, to perpetuate her name" and a loving husband to "mourn her de . parture. " J - Caroline Daniels, Jr Sec. This is 'what a foreign newspaper, the Eiuf before . Ihhwoman's Review, in 'an article written the adjournment of the late American Congress; "" bill: "A more has to say of the Edmunds-Tucke- r threatens tho - women of serious danger Utah Territory, where they have voted for1 many years. The bills whicjj have been -s u ppresion o i passed : of late y ears TorJh polygamy among the Mormons, disfranchised either man or woman who entered into what There was, is there termed 'plural marriage.' i , i i at least, HO special injustice wwauia wuiucu iu this measure, but the last bill which has passed both houses of Congress makes it unlawful for .any woman to vote in anyelection. It is that this clause in the "bill will go" far to defeat any Christianising influence which the supporters of the first measure might expect. If tho object of the United States Government " be to depres3 Wormouism by its partial disfranchisement and the consequent increase of importance in the Gentile vote, it stultifies itsolf of the Gentile voters",' f by cutting off the same position of to and reducing them. politfcal powerlessness. The injustice of disfranchising, without reason given, any class which hasjbr years enjoyed political rights is, moreover, so flagrant, that it Js to be hoped this bill will not receive the President's signa-tur- e in its present form." .. evi-de- EAGLE salt lake ,crry. The. r - KarexA7 C ash Hansen.- - ANOTHER AHT CRAZE. The, following Resolutions of Respect for our beloved sister,' Miss Mary Ann Morgan, born Feb. 1 8th, 1868, and died Feb. 12th, 1887, were unanimgu5lyadoptedancLsy5--iainedj- y 1. A. of VVi'lafdrof- theinembers ofthcrLr-Mwhich she was a member: A-- 6z CO.', STEAM FITTERS for nrjir5BYH celebrated LIFT aud FOIt E PUMP3. Pumpa Repaired oa short notice. Orders .Tom thooountry promptly respoudeJ to: china, glassware, etc. It is something entirely new, and iboth profitable and fascinating. It is very popular in New York,Boston and other Eastern cities. To ladies desiring to learn the Art, we will send an elegant china placque(18 inches,) handsomely decorated, for a model, to- gether with a box of material, 100 colored designs assorted in flowers, animals, soldiers, landscapes, etc., complete, with full instructions, upon receipt of only $1.00. The placque alone is worth more than the amount charged. To every lady ordering this outfit who" encloses the address of five other ladies interested in. Art matters, to whom we can mail our new catalogue of Art Goods, we will enclose extra and without charge, a beautiful 30 inch, d ' placque. RES0LUTr0NS"0FTlESPECT7 JjlsLIHB TINNERS, CAS, WATER The latest, art work among ladies is kno wn as the "French Craze" for decorating one-hal- 'Alton. EA7ID JAH2J. Box 3C5. SALT LAI Z CI XT. ESTABLISHED OCTOBER, IM. IF 1a SALT LAKE CITY, Utah. . IMPORTERS AND JOBBERS OF , gold-tinte- . Arnressr-Tha-Empire-iNr- N. Y. . BARGAIN r, DffGoodSilotlooSrEfOGefc CoSyracuse- ,- ews Z':y-- Yhereast In His infinite wisdom, the Almighty has seen fit to take from our midst our beloved sister and Mary Ann Morgan, who for several years has been a mem- HEAVY AND SHELF HARDWARE, IN-MUS- IC. GLAS3 AND QUEENS W ARE, ber and Secretary of our Association, wher, by her affable, This Favorite Albumof Songs and Ballads, . loving and affectionate disposition, she gained the confidence pieces of choice and popucontaining thirty-tw- o and esteem of all, therefore, be it .. " lar music, full sheet music size, with complete Resolved, That we sincerely sympathize with the bewords and muic and piano accompaniment is reaved family in the loss of a loving daughter and an affec- r finely printed upon heavy paper, with a . very ' tionate sister. While we mourn her loss and regret her de1 .1 'Pi. , aurucuve are cover, tne titles ine feel in we bow to subservience the ioiiowmg to will parture hence, of the songs and ballads contained in the Faf the Great Jehovah, for we know she was prepared to vorite Album: As I'd Nothing Else to Do; meet her Master, and that she has left behind a record The Dear Old Songs' of Hume; Mother, Watch that will ncverdie, lor in the hearts of her friends she still : the Little feet; Oh, You- - Pretty Blue-eye- d lives; a'nd, be it further Resolved, That a copy of these Reiolutions be sent to "Witch; Blue Eyes; Katy's Letter; The Passiog Bell; I Saw Esau Kissing Kate; Won't JVou the bereaved family, that a copy be placed upon the minutes of the Association, and that one be sent to the Exponent "Tell Me Why, Rob'in; The Old Garden. Gate; Down below the Waving Lindens; Faded for publication. ' Makion S. Perry, President,"" Leaves; All Among the Summer Roses; Touch . Lottie E Hlubard, Secretary. ' the Harp Gently, my Pretty Louise; I Really 1 " MENT8, . CLOTH AND CLOTHING, PURE DRUGS AND CHEMICALS, CARPETS AND WALL PAPERS, ALL GRADES AND NEWEST DESIGNS. fciT We carry a largir and more complete Stock thaa any hons In tb wat. H. Don't Think" I Shall OBITUARIES. Editou Exponent Marry; Dreaming of Home; The old Cottage Clock; Across the Sea- A Year Ago; Bachelor's Hall; Ruth and I; . Good Night; One Happy Year Ago; Jennie in -- the Orchard; 1 he Old Barn Gate; Jack's Farewell; Polly; Whisper in the Twilight. This is a very fine collection of real vocal gems, and gotten up in very handsome style. Published -in the usual way and bought at a music store lucoc jncico nuuiu CuSL yt)U Oll.ZU. We a bought job lot of this music at a great sacri-fieand-athe- holidays are past, we desire to close out our stock at once. Will send rou the entire collection well wrapped and for only 40 cts. Send immediately. postpaid ' Address, The Empire News Co., Syracuse, AT ioundTEASDEL'S and the WiU be latent styles pioductions LACES, RUCHiS, EMBRODERIES, FANS, .GLOVES, PARASOX, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES, e, s 0. BLOnEDCG. Supt Special to the Ladies. - j- ELEGANT CUT GLASS, AGRICULTURAL TOO LB AND IMPL& - , ou.se. MAS JDj&.'VXID . -- Leading Retail " nt DlEOf 1887, after a very long illness and much sufferingTSister Elizabeth Ruesch. She was born December 6th, 1840, in St. Margretten, Canton St. Gallen, Switzerland. Baptized into the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints, October iGiti, 1872, and emigrated the following year. She was the mother of eight children,: and leaves a husband, six children and many,. friends to mourn her loss. Sister Ruesch was a, loving mother and a faithful wife, a good and faithful Latter-da- y Saint; she was also a faithful teacher the Relief Society for several years, until Eer health was EHPOfllUIJ. . ' - EXPONENT. - And an elegant ns JDJE&'Y' " ortmf of Q-OOD- S; Special department for Ladies' Misses' and Shoe. 112, 114, 116, 118 Eat Temple Sire In-an- t' 