. L. l- - " fr. y.Kl ' l " l - of the 16. Vol. Women SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, '"SEPTEMBER" 1,1887. EVENING THOUGHTS. The winds blow low lo4hs-an- d m . true, And such they And 'tis decreed,' Return and fill , al ever will remain; ere long, they must their seats again. 7 the-hot- : " and will sustain The glorious work he has begun," Till peace shall from its rising, reign Unt the setting of the sun. old-building- Fear not, ye Saints-i-yo- u who indeed Are living as the Lord requires, . To sacred cov'nants giving heed, , And every word which God inspires. An ordeal furnace near at hand, Will test your faith and texture too; But God will give you grace to'stand, And He will help you safely through. er And when the winds and tempests blow, And the primed furnace vents its heat; Whatever comes, 'tis yours to know, Your triumph yet will be complete. . I ' Not so with those who, falt'ring, break The sacred vows they've enter'd iu; With life and with their all at stake. "" -They seek the world's applause to win." -- They'll draw your saintly sympathy Over the hapless choice, they make; 'For when 'tis all too late, they'll see " 'rTheymade a ruinous mistake. s - " S it stood out in pleasing- relief to the endless red and yellow alonr the route. This "house certainly Carried off the prize in that vicinity. Devons hire House was also very effectively decorated, but the arrangements for tho illuminations'-seemeto be the: feature here. Another noticable feature xm the decoration of Cha ri ng Cross. Gra nd Hotel and the Consti-tutionClub, which were trimmed with blue and primrose color, the former being a blaze ITEMS FROM ENGLAND. of crimson and gold. el .'Northumberland Avenue, on which Editor Woman's Exponent: stands, was gay with Venetian mastsUixcd -from" lamp-postBesides these, to "lamp-post- . On th'e morning of June 20th, the day prewhat may be termed general decorations, almost vious to the one appointed for the State Service every house was more or less elaborately deto be held .in Westminster Abbey, London corated. was,; for probably the first time in its life, in All night throngs of people traversed the true holiday attire. The dny.was one of those ' route, and as early as. four in the morning pure, clear days, when no density of atmosphere or suspicion of fog marred the full most of the people had assembled, ready to see the procession, .that took plac? nearly seren beauty of the effect. Our grand hours later.- But jubilees are rare occasions, were never shown to. such advantage. St. Paul's Cathedral, from a turn on the river, and the crowd 'seemed determined to put up came into full view, and everypart of the with any discomforts, without grumbling or dome and cross wa3 clearly discernible. The being during the long hours of gun shone gloriously upon the gilt tracery of waiting. The weather being fine, it made it more pleasant, and even dustmen and-watthe House of .Parliament, that stood out grandly in relief with the back ground of clear blue cart drivers came in for many a ringing cheer sky. The gloomy, somber air London usually from the bystanders, who felt inclined to be wears, when contrasted with the bright contijoyful. nental cities, was nowhere to be seen, and in its The first part of the procession set out from stead we had sunny weather and balmy air. Buckingham Palace at 10:15, and consisted of One might have imagined Comus had taken U3 Indian chiefs and members of the Royal family all under his control for the time being. It and their suites. At 11:15 the Queen's prowas a general holiday, and every one seemed cession started, and con isted of eleven bent upon enjoyment. Surely no fete day in carriages, the first five containingLords and ' Paris had ever rivaled the West End of Lonladies in waiting; the next five contained the don in picturesque style. Bond children and grandchildren of Her Majesty, Piccadily, btreet and Waterloo Place was fairyland itself. and the eleventh contained the Queen, the Standingat the Duke of York's Column, and Princess of Wales and the Crown Princess of looking up to Piccadily circus, we could well Germany. Behind the Queen came the grand, and sons of. Her Majesty. imagine we were in the grounds of an enchanted sons,, double the with approach of triumphal Then followed the Master of Horse, Keeper of palace, arches. Garland of rose3 were festooned Her Majesty's privy purse, Aides de Camp to across the streefs, and hanging baskets of the Queen, Equerries to their Iloyal Highnesses, flower3 suspended by cords from either side. The processional route etc., on horseback. to the Constitution Hill Mall From the decora was from, the- Palace, up Constitution Hill, tions were the finest and most splendid, on ac Hyde Park corner, Piccadily, Regent Street, count of the richness f the materials Waterloo Place, Pall Mall, Lockspur Street, Silk velvet, brocades and tapestries Northumberland Avenue, Embankment Bridge were much used here with good effect. At Street, to the west door of the Abbey. The ... Piccadily circus end a triumphal arch was Ladies and officers of the Queen's household als erected, j?liichsrmDned the streeLa nd wra3 su r -- awaited at their doorand joined" the mounted by royal arm3, and bore this Her Majesty's procession to the Dais. Ail the motto: "Victoria, all nations salute you." This leading Clerical dignataries were present, inwas followed down the incline of Regent Street cluding the Bishop- - of London, the Dean of and Waterloo Place by a number of panels Westminster, the Arch Bishop of York and (thirteen in all) suspended from the houses in Canterbury. The clergy preceded the Queen, , a transverse direction to give the appearance and were, followed by the Princes in their of a continuation of the arch. The mottoes orders; then came England's So vt reign, with on these were as follows: "1837, Jubilee 1887." the Master of Horse and Ministers of the "The British Isles." "The Indian Empire." Robes following; tken cime the Princesses, who "Your Colonies and Dependencies, in Europe, rode with the Queen and their attendants, in Asia, in Africa, in America, iff Australasia, and. the remaining daughters) and grandYou and Oceana Give Greeting," and at the daughters of Her Majesty with a host of attend' end of these a triumphal arch, similar to the ants too numerous to mention. first, was erected.bearing these words: "Victoria, A grand march by Handel was played on our Queen." Pall Mall and St. James Nva tho organ by Doctor Bridge, a' the procession' a blaze of "red cloth and fanciful devices. advanced up the nave, and the Q'leen took her had some handsome decorations seat upon the .Coronation Chair on the dais, very Piccadily individuals; by private conspicuous among surrounded by her children and many crowned .. these were Baroness Burdett Coutts, who heads and representatives of foreign nations. .. spared no expense; it consisted of crimson On the marble slab of the altar stood the costlv . - . and justice just, It seems that hell has opened wide And sent jtsjyilest imps abroad, To vilify, impugn, deride, And persecute the Saints of God. But God is God ' sons-indaw- 0 that we all would watch and pray, " : And ever true and faithful be xx Move on and upward, day by day,, And nearer, O, our God, to Thee. -- i:. R. S. Salt Lake City, August 2f, 1887. era-ploye- THE LAND OF YESTERDAY. d. the-arriv- , "Far in the West, beyond the setting sun , Beyond the waves that glow like molten gold, There lies an island; and, when day is done And we gaze o'er the waters, we behold Its calm green meadows and clear winding streams -- And purple hills that seem to touch the sky; But over all there hangs a mist of dreams, ' os tnfrrtrsticy nd-vas-- m . Where, where hav truth and justice fled? Why are they not in session found? Their posts se-occupied instead,: ; By adverse spirits lurking 'round, is vy-- a sprnys-of--i But, lest our sinking heart! should wholly die, , There comes the promise of a dawn so bright That all the mists and all the gloom will fly, And all the sorrow pass in golden light, "And God Himself in heav'n's most 'glad. "For aye" Restore our treasures lost in Yesterday , Family Herald; ' A. L. B. , 7. -- r- 4 truth No. velvet, gold bullion fringe. and a festooned drapery of blue and silver. The white pillars were alternately bound with blue and silver Alas, we never, never more may stand Again within the Land of Yesterday Never may hope to clasp with eager hand , the winds blow high, And And Satan's hosts are marshal'd nigh, Perchance to foul the atmosphere. ihreatening-storm-clotidsntheriica- Bui of Z ion, and the Rights of the Women of aU Xathns. Scarce lifted by the breeze that seems a sigh, And never voice comes from the Silent Shore, But whispered sounds and songs of days of yore. The isle is called the Land of Yesterday; And there are buried human hopes and fears, . And joys and sorrows ay, and hearts, they say, That have been broken in this world of tears ! And you and I have each our treasures there, And stretch out yearning hands toward the shore, And long to wander in the meadows fair, And sweet loved paths we knew in days of yore; But the chill mist hangs o'er the farther side, And sounds of weeping float across the tidel -- . ' - - -- ' 