WOMAN'S-EXPONEN- 96 livelihood by German .refugees who sought starting. the then ihv&I system.; Her Joveand her kntfwiege of natural history influenced educational thpories'and no 3clro'ol was perfect iirher idea whr.e the pupils were not all taught to. observe and understand the nature that surr o u mb dHiemT ega VtT, prizes i n n u m erable fbrcTdlcctions of tlowerTaud Qther.'iiatnrah)b- substitution of useful work lor treadmill labor (rr!jrHfrrrai4 shii)u:eL when, her .Iiusnaiul was able o iytroduce this reform in the prisons under his charge.- - Working 'overtim e as a which prisoners could earn a little nifii-n-f'b- liiouefbr theiits h Mel troducTtUtvUMdUhe "Sc-sewn needlework Hill's, family stilTi)' tesei-in overtijiie 'by somy of the women, in whom We. 'cannot in this space was irHere.-ted- . enumerate all idicdid. But her sympathy, was boundless 'and never crated until it lound an outlet in practical '". fioojl. Ihe industrial first Industrial Schools of Aberdcen--th- a Schools ever' started founded and carried 011 Mrs. J UH's esby Sheriff Wntson, were one oi one of her pecial hohlHes.aiid lheirfunder was warmest friends. Tlrey were day schools, to which was voluntary, where: the children; were taught not.only the ordinary elrneuts of education, but alio to niake nets for the Aberdeen fishermen- (Iheir chief s )iirce of .profit),- to mend their clotlies and loesind ta work incite ganlen. Juvenile begging and juvenile crime practically ceased in Aberdeen. One of Mrs. IHU's favorite theories was that the world in its scneities, wncuieroi xeioiiiuiuuu of criminals, or of improvement of mankind frenerallv. did not take pro nor count of three t i t -- 1 pri-oiiami s ; T. 1 ;,, jects. The last thirty years of her life were spent hi Uampstead, where Mr. Hill resided after his appointment. to the post office. But the change of scene did not change her interests. Her-lif-was spent "in good work up to the very last. Indeed her eiifhusiasm, her disbelief in any human badness beyond remedy, her profound belief in human perfectibility seemed only to .with age.' One of her friends 'writes of her: ''Dear .Mrs. HiH's, persistent belief in ' everything that was good and beautiful was a magic that leut its glamor to all that surrounded her. A chat with ihjnfreconciled liavacleared-nwa- v yuU to the world - and seems to all thought of evil and.dread of harm." We must close this little memoir. We had much more to tell, but we must put it by "occasion. "Our picture is but im-- " perfect; burit will serve to recall. a bright and. haPPy presence to those who knew her, and it will be only the- - fault of the writer if it. docs powerim iaciors, ny:, 5jnirrawiy,--i.muric.rrot present v UUIUI vvj tl was as all found were of a good life and a beautiful nature. by it; pleasure found by her in doing the greatest The world was the better for her presence while she. lived: we hope it may' be the better for tier rood, if all could understand and lighten the htrirnrhl otlreRTis of rthustrfaetorrf example now she is gmz- En glishiuomari s Rethe'clifes ' would indeed be powerful. Whilst she fully view. . valued all philanthropic associations, she sat ' little on committees. She thought men did that sorf, of work bet ter than women. 33 u t she Hope is the great reformer; we must instil this into men's minds if we wish to cultivate their when the sexes worked, together in cordial covirtues or enable them to overcome their vices. sex which the for each that ' doing operation, Horatio Seymour. of was best flitted. Periiaits her sphere 'good if a taken bad she been wider would have more active part in the direction of philanRESOLUTIONS OP7 RESPECT. utifailed to she never But societies. thropic lize their organizations, when' she could, whilst To the memory of Miss Zella Webb, who departed this, she constantly sought out cases of individual life September 28th," 183, at Provb City, Utah County, suffering, Her keen sympathy thus found Utah.1 p e n tyo fgci) j JLj n unceasing "though uuobtru ad-ink-i- in-crea- be on : , having of heT virtues School, we feel that some proper recognition H be,had ajn&ng us.' Therefore, be as members of the Association, deep- Resolved, That we, ' ' i ; ; iv mourn the loss of so valuable and Jaitniul a heart-fel- t sympathy Resolved, 'Hiat we hereby extend our and brothers also to sisters, and condolence to her parents, her promised husband, in the loss of so true a companion, and we condole With each other in this sad affliction. Resolved, That we present a copy ot these Resolutions to her relatives, that one be sent to the Woman's Exponent for publication , and also placed on the Young Ladies' record. , Oh, Mary! thou art gone To a bright and happier sphere; " Although thy spirit's departed - Thy memory we cherish dear. " CJ the-ima- er !J " . ; . True, you were your mother's darling, Also your father's pride, ; But God saw fit to take you Ere you became a bride. - '""""' But, Sister Mary, never mind, A work for thee is. done;. Your husband, in, God's Temple, .Reteived thee as bis chosen one. fqr'-some'ol- not-knowdi- vy 11 I 1 3 fit to call from oiir midst our much loved and respected sis' ,. ter, Mary, and, V . associate was worthy arid frien d Whereas," Our de parted our highest regard and affection; her Iabprs in our Associabeen faithfully performed, also in the Sunday tion t.- -. .. . JANF HOLT, EsTHtn Sessions, ge pRiaciLLA: Garrett, An.nie A. Boynton, Sakah L. Davis, Committee. - - ; ' B.K. THOMAS -- EMPORIUM E A&LE SAT.T LAKE CITY. - 1 sive good work, which would have been neces- . .. nau ucvu.. ti.uvcn uj sai ly cuTiTi inru u nrt time 1.11 by committees. Whilst she always maintained that women in their choice of independent work should and all home never forget the graces duties that fell to their lot, she Tr-equally", in work that wonienjis regards their, strongly ' ' ... ., ,. t' rr n u me, auu itieir opporiuumes 01 were held in it restraint ami subjection that was most unjust. An old friend, the late Dr. Birkbeck, once found her when a girl deep in a book on woman's rights. "My dear,'.' he said, "do you agree with these opinions?"'-"Yes,repfifd Martha (Jowper. : "So do 1," whisj)erei thedoctor, "but mind you don't tell anybody what you think, or you will never, get a husband." "Then," retorted the girl, "I never will marry." Noaceountof Mrs.IIill wouhl be Complete that omitted to. mention lit r .interest in education, especially the education of the very young. Mere mechanical teaching by rote and routine, To train the infantile was her abomination. mind by 'observation of Nature and constant"' ' explanation of all the simple phenomena of she put Tlife warhYr modnf operandi: her theories into practice hersvlf, and her own children and grand children, and all the little0 ones who had the privilege of being within her circle remember with pleasure her object les-sens, her clearness of exposition and her wealth of illustration. She sent her own children to the first Kindergarten started in England,' and at the same time was thus enabled: to aid two struggling 1 i 1 1 1' ! 1 Whfrear,; In the providence of an. Alwise God, HeTias . seen tit .to. CKil fro:n gar midst. 'our beloved sister, Zella W'tM), who h is suffered with patient endurance, and, V, hcre.is. We are called to mourn the loss of a dear in the work of Mutual Improvement; friend and one who has always, been a faithful member, willing to . 1 " er of-lif- 1 1 . : They Leading Retail . of her by the Association; an t, ' - : Oasli House - " Her loni; suffering has-be- en purifying-and-en-- -. as an nobling, and, example to all, will ever be one worthy of imitation. therefore, be it Resolved, That wc, as members of the Y. L. M. I. A. of the First Ward, Provo City, realize the loss of so faithful a member. , Resolved, that we extend our sympathy and condolence to the sorrow.-stricke-n family and friends, hoping that the Spirit of the Almighty will comfort them in their sad hour Lafthctiotu 'I'hat a Resulved, copy.of these Resolutions be furnished the fatiiiiy',' Territorial Enquirer, WOMAN'S and kept in the records of the. Association. , V . " -- -- T, " ... Hannah Billings, ' Eva Billings," "' . . ; .GHACji bke, l' Committee on Resolutions. Erii roil I'.xroxKNT: . As-trs- " I It is with feelings of great sorrow that we record the death of Sister Mary Stahle, beloved daughter of John and Susafl' Stahle, born X ,v 17th. iS6 5, and" died Aug. nth 1S37. of brain fever, at Bountiful, Utah. She was always cheerful and pleasant, and her bright smae won lier.1nen.is wherever her lot was'cast.-- She died as she had lived, a faithful Latter-daSaint. . y' KLSOLLTIONS'OF Whereas.-Our'lleavenl- RLSPECT. -- 1- - Father in His wisdornas $eej. : x- - : A JDJTVXID J.lvE3 TINNERS, CAS, WATER dc & STEAM CO., FITTERS -- Agent for RUMSEYtlceIebrated LIFTand FOR - E PUMPS. Pumps Repaired on short notice. Orders from the country promptly responded to. , r Address. DAVID JAMS:, Bex 306. SALT LASS CITT. Special to the Ladies. AT TEASDEL'S and Will be found the latest styles in ;" pioductions - LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES, f assortminof T)ttlT GOODS; department for Ladies' Misses' and . And an eleKani Special In-ant- Shoes. .112, 114, 116, 118 Eat TrmpU Strt 's 