WOMAN'S EXPONENT. - EDITORIAL NOTES. 133 ,.My highest ambition in life, has been, and is, to be worthy of the favorof God", and the love and confidencecthe Latter-da- y Saints. To me it is wealth,. - We had the pleasure of attending a little meete sisters gathered at the ing of about twenty-fivE.R..S.s. residence of Dr. Ellis R. Shipp on Thursday ' ; COPY OK THE JK RAM. afternoon, January 27th; It was a brief season of enjoyment in the outpouring of the Holy Spirit. S .". '.- - Ogden City, Jan 1, 18S7. Snow Smith was Eliza R, Sister present and her Mrs. Eliza R. Snow Smith:., very presence was inspiring, to others. Sister M". The sisters of Weber Stake unite in wishing Isabella Horne was chosen' to preside and at her you continued life, and increasing happiness. invitation Sister Eliza spoke to the. sisters, en' Mrs. Jane S. Richards, couraging them to labors of love and to renewed " Mrs. Harriet Brown, v diligence in the duties devolving upon them, and Mrs7Fmily M. Shiecliff. among other things she congratulated the younger the rich sisters present upon experience they were in the to trials of the Latter-da- y sure gain present SALT LAKE STAKE ACADEMY. Saints.- Many of the sisters present' spoke expressing heir desires to be useful in this Church " The firstcexaminationrof this excellent instituand Kingdom and "to hold .out faithful unto the tion took place on Friday, Jan. 28th, at the Social end whatever trials might come. During the Hall. Prof. K. G. Maeser was present from afternoon Sister Eliza exercised the gift of Provo. visitors were present to hear the tongues,and a part of the interpretation was given exercises Many which were ably- conducted and reflect by Dr. E. S. Barney. The spirit of blessing credit great upon both teachers and students. seemed to rest upon Sister Eliza and the sweet the close After of the." exercises- remarks wefe' . influence was diffused like'a soothing balm, bringmade by Miss Margaret D. Smith appreciative. of ing consolation to those in sorrow, or who were the efforts of the faculty and - good feeling whitfh4 are at through trials,as deep passing many present, existed. whose hnsbands, sons, sisters or daughters are in Elder Wm. Done then expressed his feelings in exile for conscience sake, Such- - times of re: regard to his labors, freshing are indeed spiritual feasts. Prof. Maeser then made some statements in The Y. L. M. 1. A. in the 14th Ward cele reference to .taking charge of the institution in' brated their anniversary with a very pleasant re- addition to the Brigham Young Academy. onion on Tuesday evening, January 25th, at the The. report of the principal was then presented ward hall, which was handsomely fitted ujVwith whichmade an excellent showing, but it is too and carpet.sofas easy chairs and beautifully decor lengthy for o.ur little papert At the conclusion ated for the occasion. The Prest., Miss Nellie of the full report, and singing, the remainder of Colebrook presided with- grace and dignity and the time was at the disposal of President A. M. the exercises were of an intellectual arid spiritual Cannon, President of the Academy Board of Dicharacter. After singing, prayer was offered by rectors. Prest. A. M. Cannon, and the members each reApostle. Franklin D." Richards was first called sponded to the roll, call with a motto or verse. was with pleasure that he had listened to the ex Minutes of the last annual meeting were read by the Secretary and the manuscript paper entitled Our ercises on; the present occasion. When- the Academy was first opened, with Professor Mae Thoughts'" was read by ' ft contain ect and ser as Principal, the feeling and spirit which. ac A recitation was given companied its organization was one which augured v expressions' of thought. "I'm Going to be Married;" success and gave, every encouragement. The by Mamie Morris also one by Mrs. Hollings ''The King's Choice.'' speaker congratulated the Faculty on the progress and-- : the effective work done. Interesting and instructive remarks were made by the pupils had made Saints The great work in which the Latter-daMesdames M. A. Freeze, M. Y. DougallZina D. t "were engaged was extending on every side. It H. Young, E.B. Wells, Z. Y. Williams, followed was the desire of the speaker that Brother Maeser by a speech from. Prest. Cannon, in which he porextend his labors as an educator trayed in a touching manner the conditions of should likewise the people. Not Only should this class of -- this people, and the necessity of moral purity and among the moral education of the young be spiritual advancement. Closing remarks were schools for general among the Saints of Salt Lake Stake, but made by Bishop Geo. H. Taylor, who praised the should be conducted acyoung ladies for their efficiency, and spoke of throughout Zion, They these associations as helps to the kingdom of God.' cording to the plan followed by brother Maeser a plan which had been his life study and which, The President, Miss Colebrook, spoke of her earnest desires to fulfill the responsibilities of the in his later years, was proving "a most gratifying success. When the Faculty of this Academy position in an acceptable; manner, etc., and. the were ready to form a more advanced class, they- meeting was adjourned for one year. Delicious refreshments were then served to all by the j'oung would not want for room in which to prosecute their studies. The speaker was ready and willing girls of the association, friendly greetings wereto aid all he could in the work of educating the exchanged, and social conversation indulged in. of Zion. During the meeting two Counselors were appointed "youth Sister Zina Yl Williams said that as she looked to assist Miss Colebrook in the duties of the Assoon the pleasant faces of theltudents sjie thought ciation; they were Mrs. C. II. Clayton and Mxs. of the saying of Jesus to His people, "Ye are ,.E. R. Shipp, M. D., two very able and intelligent the salt of the earth," She felt that the Lord young women. The reunion was one ever to be thought it was time that the principles' of truth remembered by those who participated. were taught to the children of the Saints. They, should work while th6 day lasts, and if they imHONORJ-- WHOM HONOR IS DUE. proved their opportunities they would look to their time in school as the most pleasant part of Editor Woman's Exponent: . lives. This school was only one 01 tne following closely on the receipt of the lovely their manvJ that wouToTbe ore3LmdJirT6The U expression of respectfnl remembrance from my inward to look adornment", by cultishould young dearly beloved sisters" of Provo, a notice of which vating their minds. They should not follow fool appeared in your last issue, on the morning of my - ish fashions and violate the laws of nature, but eighty-thir- d I received a heart;cheeraniversary, the should learn true principles and rise above the ing and telegram, which, like are follies of the world. Provo cake, speaks for itself what its words Elder Francis Cope, Elder A. . Hyde, Elder together inadequate to express. Wm. marks." - tion could not be. toS highly estimated. Her earnest desire was for the success of this class which had been inaugurated under Divine inspiration. Sister Lucy B. Young referred to the time of her youth, when the,, children of the Saints were compelled to hideirom mobs 'instead of having the privilege of attending school. Those of the present day could not appreciate the. advantages they possessed in their opportunities of acquiring, knowledge. She exhorted the students to prepare for the future, when the cloud would pass from over the Latter-daSaints,-a- nd '"they 'would'"' be called forth to exercise powers of government and labor for the good of all : mankind. They should be prayerful and watchful, and learn to obey all proper discipline. They were followed by Elder Daniel Harrington, and Elder Wm. Stewart. " President Angus M . Cannonspoke in praise of the manner in which' - the school had been con-- f ducted, and trusted that the interest in it would continue to increase. Encouraged those present-t- o look at the future and be prepared to acquit -themselves as become the sons and daughters of of-sch- - " ". -- God. . The "Doxology" was sung, and Elder Daniel TTarrihgtoq pronounced the Benediction. On Monday the second term of the Intermediate, department commences. . THE WORD LADY. - ' IxTXqu - y -- . - , -- 0 -- w j J j ' soul-enliveni- ng There " - ools y - ". re- - thepeopleranjoal " -- interesting -- . : made v' Sisters Zina D. Young thought the necessity of educating the youth was not fully realized among : ,. B. Dougall each isno one word in the language so abused as the appellation "lady," It is misplaced almost continually, and hence intelligent women exclude it from their vocabulary. Its misuse makes it objectionable; it is almost always a misudmer, and has, therefore, lost its original significance. The definition of the word "lady" is a woman especially circumspect in her conduct, specially forbearing towards others, specially gentle and controlled in temper, specially kind in manner' Not all women according tothis standard are ladies; and the bet women, realizing how few, comparatively, .are entitled to thji- - term, decline to U3e it indiscriminately. It requires something more than sex to make a lady; it demands much that is not always thought jejsntial in the family and school training. It calls for the , exerciseof self-reverenc- e, self-knowledg- self e, control, which three qualities eld Polohius de nned in his admonition to the players in Hamlet as follows: To thine own self be true, And it shall follow, as the night the day, Thou shalt not then be falsrto any man. ' A woman who is the possessor of absolute has gained the true liberty that folshe is entitled to the" lows term "lady." Abetter word, where we mean to express even as much a we do with the word "lady" is the English term "gentlewoman." It is a noble substitute for the much- abused "lady," and until there is a better comprehension of the general misapplication of the latter let us call the high bred and cultured representatives of the sex 'gentle-Let all others who will, be women; women. and those who prefer to be called "lady," let them at least realize that it depends upon, themselves whether or not they are wearing a title that is alien to their" natures and in life. It I3 better to dignify the word "woman" and let "lady" go, and perhaps by this courageous course we may correct th e use of 4he word "female" To call women "females" is to be guilty of a vulgarity which common usage does not excuse. A woman self-contr-ol nd opor-tuniti- W es 