EXPONENT. WOMAN'S a3 soon jeIJe.Hjva3recinin2 .on a sofa in the adjoining parlor, where a bright; wood 'firewa burning on the hearth: that room, too, eeemed the per fection of elegance in its furnishings; the lady icwo from the sofa almost immediately, and -- !J-- TT. The Turks are coming forward in History. Lieut. Col, Talat Bey has written the "Battles of Plevna." . There is a watch in a Swiss museum only three sixteenths of an inch .in diameter, insertIts little dial ed in the top of a pencil-case- . dicates not only hours, minutes, aridseconds,but : also the days of the month. - " 1 natural consequence,- was:oJLUtalianu uie "Mormons." I found all three sisters accomplished and intelligent women, and much more free from prejudice than most of the people one meets here and there in traveling, and they conversed on the subject of the Edmunds bill and the measures taken to enforce the law, with much feeling and interest in our affairs. They Y. L. , AND P. A. FAIR. Editor Exponent: " " . . m -- , ' ' - " -- re fac-simi- le UTAH. I .l a xt nvT ti country lecturii g on Mormonism, and how to meet it from a Christian standpoint. He divides Mormons into three classes; the leaders, or . -- based.Ihe-repriut-13-made-tro- u .,,.1,, better), the uincere Mormons and thje indifferent young people. The first class he has no hopes" of; not much of the second, but the third class he has great hopes of converting over to the. Christianity, and he has great hopes of the apostates. The latter class he is welcome to, as we have no use for them. But to my young brethren and sisters who have not a testimony ot this work called Mormonism, T would say, they should seek diligently to secure a testimony for themselves. ''Seek, ftnrl tp shall find lnhrlr nm Then when he, the ReV. Mr. unto you." the 10,000 copies. of his Golden Lamb, brings so-call- ed a ....... .. .... J"" of Utah, they will be prepared to meet him with a knowledge for themselves; and you will get it if you ask God in faith, and of this I am a living witness. 1 was away from the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints from I the time I was twelve years old until I was thirty-two- , and I prayed earnestly to ray Heavenly Father to lead and guide me in the right I sought for light and truth, but' found it not until I had the privilege af listening again to the Elders who are sent out to preach the Gospel as it Tit taught by Jesus Christ Himself and all of His "Apostles and Prophets, and I know it is the Gospel and power of God unto salvation,and would not exchange thi3 knowledge fbj all the world contains. And so may you know, y brethren and sisters, if you will strive to r - May God bless you all; and lead you in the paths of truth, and righteousness, that when the "wolf in sheep's clothing" shall present himself before your, you may stand firm to God and the truth, with a knowledge your the it of, prayer otd, Your sister in the Gospel of Christ, Council Bluffs. Kate. that once is said re, do so. ' .. A WARNING i . ; ' October 20th, 1887, we held our Annual Fair for the Primary Association of Millvilie; In 1855.the average had increased to ten. But the Young Ladies also held theirs with us this the world is growing worse and the yearly year. Meeting held at ten a m. Singing by the Young Ladies. Prayer by Sarah Gamble. yield numbers 1,290 volumes. Then singing by the Primary Association. collaborateur.has with a Mr. Walter Besant, V. S. Cummiugs addressed the meeting; and been rewriting Scribe's Gringoire, Under the spoke very encouragingly. title of "The Ballad Monger" with Mr, Beer-bohSister Jane Cumraings said she was pleased Mr. is not This role. Tree in the title to see so many children, and all looked so happy He dramatic in first Bezant's writing. essay and well. with James Rice, early in their double Sister Jane Molen addressed the children in comMan" a Good a "Such career; produced her usual pleasant way. She said that she was ' edy. pleased to meet with the children, and also the with- - the proincident has young ladies, and was pleased Thfe Donnelly-Shakespeagramme; she thought they rendered their parts mduced Messrs. Funk &Wagnalls to republish edition of the 1623 folio edition well; she was also pleased with the articles that a the .Young Ladies, and PrimaryChildren had on which the Donnelly cipher m a phot- o- "made; hoped they, would still continue in wellis and not forget these annual fairs, for graphic reproduction or tne original reaucea to doing,are they very beneficial to the young people. crown octavo size, and is now in press. There was a dance for the children in the ' Mrs. Craik was prompted to write her last afternoon; they, all enjoyed themselves very book, "An Unknown Country," which discusses much, and felt well. We concluded the day Ireof the in the North the condition of with a dance for the young folks at night poor With good wishes for the Exponent, etc, land, by overhearing the remark of a laboring Sarah Gamble, Prest. man, who, when raljied upon helping a little Eva Gamble, Sec. girl across the street replied "Ay, but. a. andful of elp is worth a cartload of pity. cou-in- m - in happy Finland the average publication of books was one. yearly. It also talked to me of the--1 place, the trees, the . fruits and the shrubbery around Oak Knoll, ' and the pleasure of gathering the. nuts for , uie poet, cnjoyeu winter, and how their It i indeed a grand these simple pastimes .and poetic place, and mighrbe, written up iu verse tjie most tender and sentimental. -- This is a very rambling account of my visit, and, like the childrens' stories, will have to be continued next time. Aunt Em. FOR TIIE YOUNQ PEOPLE this does, not deter them from turning out to their Primary meetings, as nearly every child in town was present last week. Yours as ever, '. . -- . two months, but the health of the people at this date is much better, excerjt that many of the, children. are haying sore eyes just now, but Tt,0 n,ippn nf Rou mania has iust completed the a novel, the scene of which is laid among ancient Dacians: . as. I reached, the parlor, but the Elizabeth Jones. NOTES AND NEWS. Mrs. Henry Ward Beecher has for many years edited a department in "the Lomcdic Monthly. MISCELLANEOUS. INTERESTING Juarez, ITEMS. One seldom speaks of ; the virtue which one has; but much oftener of that which fails us. G. Letting. Whatever is the subject of faith should not be submitted. to reason, and much less bend to it- Pascal. Mexico, Oct. 24, 1887. . Editor Exponent: Perhaps a few notes from this far away nlar mav not-b- e r am-to-wmnaaV-- f work amiss: a Tears are the softeniug showers which cause the seed of heaven to spring up in the human heart. Sir IF. Scott. " In July of 1886, though our camp was in an unsettled state, Brother. Teasdale thought it best to organize a Primary Association, which he did, with Sister Hannah H. Romney, President; Sisters Olive C. Moffet and Mattiej Counselors. Apostle Teasdale encouraged the children and officers with his presence while -- he remained with usTand quite a lively interest was manifest in the training of our children. On thejth of last July an organization of the Relief Society and Young Ladies' Association was effected, the President of the former being Sister Elizabeth Hawkins, and of the latter Sister Dora Pratt, both .of whom' have labored .faithfully in their respective offices anfl with good results. Sister Romney was Dil-ma- also at the game time given two new Counselors as uer previous ones had moved away, Sisters Mary E. Taylor and Annie Skonsen being sub- stituted. f Sister Minerva W. Snow was present at the organization, and gave the sisters of the different associations some excellent instructions, in regard to their duties, etc. She has endeared herself to the sisters here by her active symand pathy encouragement. We are doing as well as we can in our unsettled condition, but hope to do much better when we have a comfortable schoolhouse to meet in, which we hope will be in the near tuture. The VOlinS'o r-DPdnlp 1 . r" a niCQ P time this winter in thei etc. : , Thpm -- v i,na uo kueeu consiaerahle sickness the last ccg'. Poetry is music in words, and music is poetry in found; both excellent sauce, but they have livtfd and died poor that made them their " ' meat--r- . Euller. 7 " n, RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. The Y. L. M. I. A; of Minersville adopted theollowing Resolutions Oct. ist, 1887: Whereas, On the 25th day of September, 1887, it pleased ah Alwise Creator to remove from our midst by the hand of death, Sister Maria E. Walker, born August 26th, 1858, . ; and, Whereas, She was elected President of the Y. L. M. I. A. Nov. 24th, 1884, which office she held until the time of her " death, and, , Whereas, She was an active member and teacher of the Relief Society, also a teacher and Secretary of the Sabbath School, W hereas, She has filled these several offices with faithfulness and integrity, showing bv her examnle and Dreceot x " 7 t that she was ever willing to do her duty, therefore, be it ResoIvedrThat the community have sustained a severe loss in the demise of one so good and useful; therefore, be it 1 ; . . Resolved, That we extend the bereaved husband aud our heart-fe- lt sympathies to relatives; also, Resolved, That a copy of these Resolutions be spread upon the records of the Y. L. M I. A.; also one sent to the Woman's Exponent for publication, and one pre- ' . sented to her husband. Hattik Bradshaw, Sec. 1 