WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Ui showed tbe Association to be in good condi tioD. - - Dr. Martha G. Ripley has esthblished a "Maternity Hospital," in Minneapolis, for poor "girls who have bien deceived, but whose previous record has been oojt It is also for married women who are in poverty Poor children are admitted for surgical cases. .The physicians "and officers Lof This hospital are all women, as it is proper they should be. - R. E. THOMAS The main feature of the programme was the reading of the naner. which was read in three sections, and was very interesting;- indeea-.lwas a credit to the -- Association. - The articles and contained therein were entirely original, . i i r. treated upon various suojecis uiugrajmiwu, physiological, political, moral and religi6us ; Mrs. 1. It.. Shattuck publishes in John B. each subject being .treated in au' intelligent; Alden'sT miscellany, the Library Magazine, SATjT LAKE CITY. manner, and were read irteaigtiy by tne "The Dante's Divine Comedy," being of story were Ellerbeck. Songs e('itor, Mks' Emma a revision ' her letters written from the Conthe of sections l)y the between rendered pap6r, cord School of Philosophyrlasl summer, to the" Lizzie Mi and Mi Smith, Preton , May and Boston Transcript. which made a; pjeasant jchange from the SpnngMAIiepublkan - The lectures on Dante is the of not a report It ' ' .. ... reading. there delivered, but a connected account of Eliza Sisters The meeting was addressed by the great poem of Dante, made up from the IT' Snow Smith, Zina D. Hr Young, S. M.- lectures correlated with other wrings on the Kim ball: B. WJ Smith, LuIa G. Richards, M. ' L . subject. T .. 1f...l.-,.,.n- .l In f.,m" II t anu u, oiners. juhiuoiutyi j. uou:aii lion was given, and words or commendation were spoken trthemembers of the Association OBITUARIES. Each speaker asked God's blessing upon the officers and members of the Association. Died, at the family residence, in the 17th Ward; Salt Lake in Eliza Sister the spoke meeting .During City, Mary Jenson, the beloved wife , of Andrew Jenson - tongue and -- Si.ste Zina interpreted. In the i after about ten .weeks suffering. She.was born in jerggardJ.. -dc CO., Hjorring Amt, Denmark, March 7, 1859; tougues Sister Eliza said, that there were those Hellevad-Sogn- present "who would receive the gift of tongues, was baptized into the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y TinNER3t CAS.VATER &. STEAM FITTERS interpretation, prophecy and healing, and that Saints .May 24th, 1873; enigrated to Utah in 1875, and was for RLTMS lY'S celebrated LIFT and FOK E thy would be sought' after for thebe comfort and married to Andrew Jenson August 30, 1875.sonsSheandleaves, two Pu PUMIM. enabled would two to which four her. children consolation besides flaps Repaire-- on sbut notice. OrJers .r-husband, they impart through exercising these gifts. One daughters and died in full faith of all the principles of the country prompt.ly'res)onileiJ to. JAilS:. B;i 335. SALT LAI 2 CIT7. 4riiir3s. her religion, to which she had yielded obedience. She was thing wa3 remarkable, the interpretation was iriven in exactly the same manner a3 the a dutiful wife and mother, and was much beloved and re t.j ESTABLISHED OCTOBER, ls68. tongues were spoken.TTHis should BtTa strong; spected by all who knew her. Com. of these and of the truth power testimony seemed to A sweet prevail throughspirit gilt3. Died, at Manti City, Sanpete Co., Sister Cecelia J. seemed to partake of out the meeting, and all - : ' ' 1 i EAGLE EtIPORIDLI -- Leading Retail ' ". .. Gash HQiise. 1 . RE. THOMAS TA.i23- D JD-TZJ- , -- l u., r its influence. A "strange coincidence- pertaining to this meeting was that it happened upon Sister Eliza's birthday, without any previous thought or pre arrangement to that effect, the day birthday.. She received being her eighty-fourt- h many sincere congratulations and good wishes if if fpnf-K-t n f itri rr t it t ivrrr iTrrfi rr. tut She remarked that this had been one of the happiest anniversaries of her life. Sister Richards: was a true hostess, welcoming each one with words of kindly greeting, looking carefully to the comfort of all. The Association was blessed in having the privilege o,f meeting at her house, where all things were so comfortable and convenient;"4 on the other hand, ister Richards wa3 blest by being privileged to have the meeting there. After the adjournment and closing exercises-othe meeting, all were invited to the dining room, where a delicious supper had been prepared by the young ladies, of which all partook with a relish. The young ladies waited upon the table in a graceful manner. , The evening was afterwards spent in pleasant and instructive conversation, interspersed with music. All went away feeling that they had indeed Jiad a feast, spiritually and temporally. Ella Dallas Secretary. - vf-ff-i 7T , NOTES AND NEWS. The National Woman Suffrage Association held a convention in Philadelphia, Feb., 1. Among the ladies who are studying at the Factilte de M6decine in Paris, this year, are eighty- - a UreeRuidai Frenchrthree American Roumanian, and one Turk. an enthusiastic tobogganist, and declares that . il J- t mc ipc ugu uiC at t. lie imus mucn - siAi-y-iure- fnn in it. . . f deep feelings of sorrow and regret that .we the death of one of our dear sisters, Sister Evaline Qark Lee, who departed this life at eight o'clock on the morning of the 2nd of January, 1887, at Secora Co., N. M. She was the daughter of John VV. Clark and Evaline, Brown, and wife of J. D. Lee. Born Feb. 14, 1858, Her eldest Washington Co., Utah Territory so of her last the she 'now 17th March, boy preceded leaves three.' small children,, husband, mother, brothers, sisters and many friends to mourn her loss. She seemed robust and hearty, but a complication of diseases set in, which were beyond the aid of human skill. She suffered terribly for ten days, when she passed calmly away. Her desire to live was very great; as she was a very affectionate -- wife and an indulgent mother. She held the position of Treasurer in the Relief Society- and "First Counselor in the Primary Association, which positions she but recently "Tcsifnedron account of " her ' duties ' at " home. ' ' Shp" It 1 S ALT L AKE CITY, Utah. IMPORTERS AND JOBBERS OF Dry Goods, Notions HEAVY AND 8HKLF HARDWARE, GLASS AND QUEENSWARE, ELEGANT CUT GLA3S,., AGRICLTLTURAL TOOLS AND IllPLE-- ' "" ' ; MENTS, CLOTH AND CLOTHING, PURE DRUGS AND CHEMICALS, . Editor Exponent: is with re-co- rd CARPETS AND WALL PAPERS, on all occasions, in public or at home. She manifested gieat faith during her suffering, and although we miss her,-w- e feel to say, as she did many times, "Thy will be done, O Father." Virginia Curtis, ' President, Gertrude Reynolds, May Swapp,. Counselors. Of the Primary Association. ALL GRADES AND NEWEST DESIGNS. jtsT We carry a larger and more 8 ock ihan any house iff the wei?f. H. : WTrA.Ti3trian3r Col. T. W. Iligginson will write during the year a series of articles on "Literary Tendencies," for the New York Independent. He is " Hansen, born July 6, 1829, in the City of Aalborg, Denmark, and departed this life, Jan. 6, 1887. She was bapSaints tized into the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Feb. 6, 1851. She buried her mother in June, 1852, who was the first member of the Church whg died in that city. Sister Hansen left. Denmark that fall with the emigration Dec. 20, T852, and arrived in Salt Lake City Sept. 29, 18 537 Lived at Israel Ivins' until she married Nlel Hansen "Sept. 16, 1S54. ."STie was the mother of seven children, three sons and four daughters; she' had also two adopted children; four have gone before her; she leaves a husband-twsons and three daughters to mourn her loss. She died in full faith of the Gospel to her latest breath, and admonished all her children, one by one, to faithfulness in the latter day work under all circumstances.; She was a faithful member and teacher in the Relief Society, and did many deeds of charity among the poor. We deplore her demise, and pray that He, who doeth alf things well, will heal and comfort the mourning hearts. A: R. Keller, Sec. In.behalf of the Relief Society. S- - complete ELDREDCE. Supt. Special to the Ladies. AT loundTEAS D EL'S the latent styles and piodactloiis Will be irr LACES, RUCHES, EMBR0DERIE3, ' FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, T- lRIBBONS, COLLARS, ' And an elegant a.ssortnienf of IDE IT- - G-OOD- S. and Special departujent for Ladies' Misses' Shoes. Atr 112, 114, 116, 118 East Temple - In-ant- 's 