WOMAN'S EXPONENT 10 iraculous signs shall follow them that believe.". the submit I of kings. the King advent of No principle or organization in tnisnurcn bad as it is', for something insufferably wore H :.' . wvm th hiMtorv; of the Drimitive in the brain of Joseph bmith, a cultivated cold in the head; borrowing iiom the three first centuries: lhe ever originated Christians during or Brigham Young, but were revealed froin on over the sea a foreign accent and mannerism, most the rigorous puiiisnmeui Jews "employed and put in practice by a free, simply because "its English you know' wayhih, to blaspheme and renounce them u ob- 01 ideal beau God fearing people, who sought and be the and times three them cursed but that is about Jesus Christ. They n ormo : v.T n fl.Ir Kvnaeofmes. ami their rahDies taineu a testimony iui ismuucu .. of their secret the this And the severest thing I would care to say source. est ifhohl not suffer theiu to couverse wifh Chris No more admirable with all due regard for to walk together in a newness of life, Nor were they contented occasion. anv ilnn mi JN ew and their anxiety to gather to the fountain gallaltry is the young lady who visits but detest dispaiehed and thenf, they hate to back comes gazing York, London or Paris, and head, that they may feast more fully upon the to defame them world the all over emissaries and amazement at every object with vnrA nf God. bein.o- uoloncrer satisfied with the - them, among other things, of accused an They familiar to iler since childhood, and asks chaff.and this is why "so manyvmany thousands of an of head alid ass; the sun the worshipping eftfto .f itiPiif ima tlinf would nuzzle, theA III""ou. and being the Various nations are uucku them vi .(hevtt.ifo,icl;4:d enables-th- e humble vont ion of a haelodiiver To answer, about fcatt is what This Ipvs. a useless set of people. Ihey charged them and patiently the Lake, Ogden or Prgyo her birthplace. to erect a new Saint to endure so calmly and with endeavoring treason, affectation be Be original, genuine, despise scoffs of the world, and to be "beaten with many monarchy against that of the Tloinaus. "Thev No nifl'n run lnr that which he is not. hooner and even to lay down" their lives like stripes," in niysteries', their, aliirmed "celebi'atiug that, and is. he what for or later he will be known our beloved bavior. the ancient followers of " used to kill a child lind.eat' its flesh. They .3 i L level. i find their seek and will they like ri. souls, water, was xuaue up Anurcn In the beginning,-tniand most the of incests, accused thtm shocking stand-iand failure awau tnose, who men and women who ot intemerance in their feasts of cluirity. But of the descendants of iaise position, and who. try. oh how vanity; to delending themselves were' accustomed the lives and behavior of the first Oh iistains to be any one but themselves, unlawful encroachments whenever or ' said was against all that refute to sufficient against ma.-ter wcie The lapdog in thefablo delighted his wherever their rights were infringed upon, and evidently demonstrated that these thjLm.and stroking-him.witby leaping upon him and the Gospel of Christ en accusations were mere calumny, and the effect to resent the same; but his paws. Butthc poor donkey Who tiLuVt) ables them to subdue that feeling to a great ex- malice," ... . inveterate of and JpJ.ayjjie lapdogerlvjkilled liisjnaster, iont - - - nm tn p.ndiirp. manv:wroncs a rather than to h eil THey "we re i riit errogated"in "ord er "to" j ' Was soundly thrashctf-W-hilolly. do wrong. X Yonnjr man or youn: woman iust commenc learn "whether they were really Christians," As uniiKeiy as it may seemLio uiusu uui ing life! Ik; true to yourfiaet' your own. they were threatened with death if they did because inwith tM history of those early times, And were lire the lor' which ym character;-livnot renounce this religion." tended, and "you will succeed and berKmorcd, principles which the Sainla they "persisted in their confession" they were some of r as surely as 'God intended you should. BuQf bad to punishment by order of the governor of weie ridiculed, scourged, and many laid down vou strive to be another than vourself.or to fHT l'ontus and Bythinia," though they declared their lives for advancing being considered a place for. which-- - you were never designed, doctrines of devils have since been caught up tlnit ''their-wholcrime, ..it they .were guilty, cnsisKi in this: That. oh certain days they and taughf'iu some new light, but. which had you will fall, as would fall the exoiic before an Arctic blast, or melt like the iccberjr'iu the :issembleoHbefoe the sun rise. to sing alternateSaints been perfectly familiar to the Latter-dafaith the and first into to. from their cf the Christ,' a3 of God, tropics. ly the adoption Hue Gospel. Among the reasons given for peroblige themselves by the performance of their ; religious rites, not uKbe guilty. d' theit,- or secuting them in the beginning was that they ' SIMILARITY BETWKICN OUll POSI- adultery; to observe inviolably their word, and believed and accepted what their enemies in TION AN! THAT OF THE to be true to their trust." rTbegovernor to in-- . their ignorance deemed a new doctrine, which EAULY SAINTS. this matter, put had been introduced by a poor, obscure, 'and iorm himself still larther two ol wT)meuxservants." their unlearned ooy, and who claimed to have seen The threats and boasting which we have "to the torture whom eallid' he ''But!. would-be. "deaconesses;" and cojjver-e- d with holy messengers, that were v they heard from the demolished of Zion's bulwarks, and the vain attempts that they have says, "1 could learn nothing more Irom themJ g. nt to deliver the everlasting Gspel m its than that the superstition :of this people-ias jiiaoV to hi in rr almu t t his end, has often re Jhrity, as taught by our Savior anciently. All HdicuTous'atleiclitfa minded me of, a siory told of a certain rich "The purity of the Christian morality," iu theirbjijnduess and superstition the Chrisman who htiut a high and powerful :A'all for in;r. was .which ''directly opposite to the corruption tians pronoutced them blasphemous and pre-- " the protection ot his estate, which was as thick the of and eement'd together Pagans, was one of the, most powerful . HSit.WMS liit'h. same as did the wise judges and. so that.. posterousj-th- e ' n of the aversion' that felt motives was s Phari.-(epublic in the caexof the poor Nazarene, it w'as- impenetrable, defying all the attacks andthe towards was so were th,ein, who made that prejudice strong upon him, which, invariably sprang Irom obscurity and practiced his them cause the of ended in thechagrin and discomforture of his calumnies, that "artifice" among the low, ignorant and profane, against ji about were foes. Alter trying many times without success unjustly spread by their enemies, but whose influence at last extended to persons of wealth and standing, won over ftKhe faith tiny bethought themselves that the'.wali might that the Pagans condemned them without ininto their loctriue, or permitting them be turned over could they hud men quiring to ot this "'Sabbath breaker," who dared totravel, enough unite iu this plan. Thev sent far and iipni' fiv.A to detend them.elves." "But to pluck corn on that day, and even to help u ixwf und the violent mbditv a m gathered ade ut) notwithstanding to the, ox that-h- ad opposition L,r..,0 " establishment of the the Christaiu rebVion it broken over their accomplished, but lo, and behold their dism.-upious rules to that extent ; when finding the wall still standing us hidi nm and gained ground daily, very soon made that in their hot displeasure those scrupulous Komau' iu as the before, them In progress the souls, thinking their holy synagogues were pol- - , "strong shutting empire. away from the third century the-rwere Christians in the coyeteu treasures which they had sought so hard and finding their efforts useless to render in the senate and in the palace; in short, luted, and so long to obtain. The would-bcamj), this man obnoxous to his followers, thirsted for destroyers of the latter day Israel .might as well underevery sv here but in the temples and theatres; his blood until their malignant and fiendish detake the task of removim: these motmt.unx nr they tilled the towns, the country and the sires were satiated in the torture and agonies of 'stopping the mouth of the volcano which has islands. Men and women of all ages and conthe son of God. No other reasons were brought ditions, and even those of he first dignities forward lor this lately opened in the Sierra Madre, pouring forth persecuting, mobbing, killing its boilinr water and vast waves nf'-- SiV'l itwl embraced the faith; insomuch that the Pagans and the driving people from the borders of. civiboulders weighing tons, hurling down from the complained that the revenues of theij temples lization. "Mormon" plural marriage did not crater, lining up the canons, and destroying were ruined. They were in such great num. vex the souls of our torturers at that period of all vegetation in the valleys in that vicinity, as hers iu the empire, that, as Tertullian expresses our history. Not long since we were toldthat 10 iry to impeue me growth ot this mHity it," were they to have retired into another coun- - this i workyor-the-h- l Tfy, they Would. have left the Romans nnlv ngjrtnhijsnrvalte lormouisrD, ana tnat n we wouio lay.inis from the various emigration nation's V .... frightful solitude." on this aside "and become like them" ve should be prcn r earth, and Irom the world of spirits WlitetrGoT AYhat the Latter-daSaints have rpppivrl tected, and all would be well. But we were, . has declared should be, and has tt His hand from the hands of professed Christians for over aware that this was but "moonshine," and if we to accomplish. half is a so similar to was what century inflirtpd ga?e up one principle there would be other re. We do not claim that the wisdom, knowledge them in those days, that one would upon or ower of man has held together the supquirements made at our hands, all of which we people pose that' no intelligent believer, in the Serinwere very soon called to experience. Like the fal-leMormons," as the world are lead to be- - tures could them down help as the setting ieve but that" of .the Great Master, who has only Jews, they close their eyes and their ear to true followers of Christ. The other sectsshavp iounded lit upon the Kock of li ulu, meruy auu justice, ana wouia, liKe tnem, For the no warfare with man or devil. Hehas no Ages. fear cry, " Crucify Him, crucify Jlim," were Christ to proht of those who are inclined to doul)t thi. Irom tljose who deny the spirit of ' prophecy and come to them in the guise of a carpenter's V1' " the Zion thai revelation, be",g,T in t unite etcfaud those eon. to persecuting in the tops of the moun- - who listen to the testimony of the Holy Ghost, Helen Mar Whitney. tains, preparatory to the btcond and glorious and accept God V word, who declared that ' 1887. . May 2nd, i . I God-lovin- g ",u(" eye-glasse- . will-inue- .of-him- ss - s - . lb-idle- vl ness . s Di-gra- . n ce -- h " T - s wu-versa- nt ', e the-ver- y; e y p'aikof - ; of B . falleji-jntoa-ditehrand-- had - sur-piisin- g e e . 1 - y ; -- . f lcnts, a 