5 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Looked on us all and loving them the most Straightway relieved them from life's weary load; ', " "They are not lost, they are within the door "That shuts out loss, and every hurtful thing With angels bright and loved.. ores', gone before, In their 'Redeemer's presence evermore, And God Himself their Lord and Judge and King! -- 'Ay! look upon this dreary, desert path, " iThe thorns and thistles whereso'er we turn; What trials and what tears, what wrongs and wrath,' What struggles and what strife" the journey h&th! V They have escaped from these and lo! we mourn.'' I ITEMS FROM ENGLAND. tance of eight miles. "The entire route was decorated with flags ; Venetian Masts, Mottoes,Wordsof Welcome, and triumphal arches, every house displayed some tokerr of respect at Holborn.bars, which is trie city boundary, and where stands the oldeshouses in the Metropolis, that escaped the great fire of London, whose . gabled 'roofs stood out in sharp contrast r to Hhe modern dwell The Lord Mayor ating places around-thetended by sherrifls and a deputation from the corporation of the city met Her Majesty, and having presented to her the Sword and Mace preceded the procession (which was composed of open carriages) through the ci.ty to the city bounImperial... I nsti tute.which.JstaheruilL daries in Oldgate, and there drew aside for Her from contributions from all parts of the United Majesty to pass through. On the return journey Kingdom, the Colonies and India and each large Her firm or private individual who wishes to give her Majesty alighted and entered - the Mansion House for the first time in her life as the Majesty a, substantial proof of loyalty, are guest of the Lord and Lady Mayoress, and 'requested td give to jhis "institute instead of givafter taking tea resumed her journey to Padding-to- n ing presents to; the Queen, who will lay the founand there took train for Windsor. dation stone according to present" arrangemements Her Majesty was heartily welcomed and looked onjufy 4th when full state ceremony will be observed. Almost every day appeals are made to very well. Her hair is quite white, and she has a one's purse for some Jubilee festivity or other unvery motherly appearance and is still very stout. til it wearies one. In the streets, in the shops, The fatigue attending this ceremonial quite overare There marked is Jubilee. jubilee came Her Majesty who was consequently unable everything ... : d r e s s e s w i th-te exo wnand iV. JR. Ls t a m pedu po n - toholdthe last Drawing Room of the Season but the " them, Jubilee bonnets. Jubilee sweets, jubilee Princess of Wales lovingly undertook it for her and it was well attended. All presentations to the provisions, Jubilee drinks, Jubilee carriages and As the when true motive is it is accepted loyalty the Princess are equivalent to presentations to Her m Maiestw The Oueen is vervfond ofLJier ralare merely oney jnaking. On the ninth of May the corporation of the city in Scotland, Balmoral, and .spends most time the in Lord to state attended London of Mayor there on account qf its being more secluded", and address" an to con Palace of present she can enjoy private life better there. It is a Buckingham the and to Her Jubilee, Majesty upon common sight to see her walking about almost un- gratulation to surrender again (as the custom has been ford? attended and she frequently visits the poor in their eight centuries) the Jeweled sword of pure gold, cottage homes and relieves their wants, and she is which was made in the Reign of King "Rufus, and loved more and known hetteK, thprp than in nn us tells Oliver Crom the same Mace that history of her dominions. Hence, she has gone part . t. . J well banished from the table of Jthe House of mere 10 spenu iner tDinnaay wnicn is on luesday Commons, her Majesty then read her reply in a the 24th ofMay,as well as to rest a little while. T will clear audible voice, and after kissing hands the endeavor to write you a further account as the ended. was ceremony festivities proceed. one seems forgotton. The children,the poor, and every one seems "to be- studied. - Money is being circulatedThe poor a're getting chances of employment and everything looks brighter than it has done for some time past. ' As near as i can remember, the first public ceremony Her Majesty honored with ;her presence tWs Jubilee Year, was the openingT c7FtheTEdinbjTrg since then hardly4 a week has gone by without some Exhibition, Show, Gardens or Public Place ibeing opened or foundation stones laid either by Herself or her family in her name. The Grand National Memorial of the Jubilee is to be an . - -- -- m. , "Editor Woman's Exponent: " I thought you might like to hear a little about the manner in which the "Jubilee'.' of our Queen is being celebrated; Her Majesty, Queen Victoria, (as doubtless you are aware) was born May 24th, 1819 and at the death of her uncle, King William the fourth, she ascended the throne on June 21st in her eighteenth year. She married Albert, Duke of Saxe Coburg Gothe, on Feburary idth 1 840 to whom she bore nine children, and after a happy married life she was left a widow in 1861. and since, that time slue has shown a preference for private life. As a mother she has been an "example to her subjects and from children. vthe "Princes and Princesses have been taught to be useful, domesticated, and as polite to the lowest members of their mother's household as to the highest. It was said that the Princess Alice was ever proud that she had been taught how to make dresses and to sew, and when in her home in Darmstadt she used to make nearly all her chil- drens' dresses, she writes to her mother and thanks her for making her do what was useful though af the time it was distasteful. There is a lesson here worth every one's learning. Learning is never, an encumbrance, we often need it " wnen we haye let golden opportunities pass. As a queen, our Sovereign has never been excelled, and to her credit be it said she has kept her court the most refined, pure, and cultivated, in the whole world. She is firm but just, and any .vice or wrong in the Court circle, she sternly roots up and denies the Offenders" the privilege 01 being near, her or attending her. The Queen by no means sanctions much that is done in aristocratic circles, and on account of her love of retirement, natural to her advanced years, she fails to see a great deal of the evil ways of society that only need her knowledge of them.for them to be eradicated. The Prince of Wales, the Heir to the throne, married in 1867 the Princess Alexandria of Denmark, a most amiable and gifted lady. By her goodness and beauty she has secured the love of all the people and reigns in their hearts second only to the Queen. She has broughter five children up wisely, the two sons are away; Princelbert Victor is in Gibraltar,' and is the eldest, consequently he may be king someday. Her three daughters remain with her but they are taught to be. domesticated, althongh they are -- Princesses. The Prince, of Wales is a general favorite on account of his good nature. I am slightly di gressing, but this much I have mentioned, as the Prince and his family are so closely associated vi uuuca sue j 'j j transfers to them to perform, that their names must necessarily appear often. : This makes the fiftieth year of the reign of Victoria, who is also Empress of India, and a, - 1 prosperous and peaceful time it has been, con- cruel of some of sidering the reign her predecessors. few have lived Very to celebrate their Jubilee and those who have, surely never had such prepara tions made to celebrate it with all due honor. No ; . , a- - . h : ' . , ' 1 1 "1 - hfo llo wi ndaTtfre held and was the most numerously attended of any this season. The number of Debutantes numbering over five hundred. The greater portion of the Royal Family were present and heartily glad Her Majesty must have been when her hand was kissed bythe "last "fair lady" that a&er-nooThe dresses were most costly, but the flowers pleased me the most, they were triumphs of nature,:and the florist's art. Upon the same day the American Exhibition opened at Brompton, and when- - I have paid it a visit I will let you kndw my impressions of it. The Queen paid it "a short visit and spoke kindly to the Indians who performed specially for Her Majesty under the direction of a colored, lady who is called Buffalo Bill. The next day Westminster Abbey received a visit from its illustrious Sovereign who went to spect the preparations that are being made for the ceremony state service to be held in that on June 28th to celebrate beautiful old buildifig ...... the Jubilee. It was there fifty years ago she entered, a girl of 18, to be crowned, and she visited to attend service there now she is 68, in preference to St. Paul.'s Cathedral. No doubt her thoughts will float back to the time when she first became' our Queen, and of the many scenes she has passed through since then ; of the happy hours and the sorrowful ot her- - happy married lifejaird her widowed one, and will doubtless thank God that He has so ruled .and guided her that she has never yet lost the love of her people, zziz-- " On the fourteenth the Peoples' Palace in East End of London was opened by the Queen who came up from Windsor for that purpose. Her route lay along the principal thoroughfares of London such as E. Road, Oxford St., Cheapside,- - Oldgate, Whitechapel to Mile End, where the building was situated and was a dis- n. a - Hol-bor- n, Marion. ONE OF MISS MULOCK'S BOOKS. "About.Money and. Other Things," but "particu devoted to larly AboWMoney, wlielher it the preservation of homely wits by home keeping youths or the gathering of the moss of enlightenment by rolling stones, does Miss Mulock discourse with that strong vein of Common Sense of which she is a Professor in the University'of Experience; At the risk" of being considered unheroic, even unchristian, she has the courage to affirm that the right or wrong use of money is the utmost test of character, "as well as the root of happiness or misery throughout our whole lives. And at the risk of exciting the wrath and contempt of the advocates of the higher education of women, she declares that it is not necessary tor every woman to be an accomplished musician, an art student, a thoroughly educated Girton Girl; but that it is necessary that she should be a woman of business. From the day when her baby fingers begin to handle pence and shillings and dollars and cents, and her infant mind is roused to laudable ambition by the poses-sio- n of a fixed sum per week, no matter how smalhshe should be .taught the true value andwise expenditure ormohey; how to keep accounts and how to themitp avoid incurring the smallest debt; to observe the ju&t proportion of having and spending ; and, above all, to take to heart the exceeding wise doctrine of the most foolish 6t men, that with the living within one's income crimes happiness, and that the living beyond it, to the extent of a single sixpence, brings misery and woe. Miss Mulock is quite right in saying that he who is careless about money is careful about nothing, and- - in everything untrustworthy; and -- blce ; 