. i ..... ,r The Rights ,r Vol. of 'the Women of Z ion, and the Rights of the of all .Nations; Women SALT; LAKE CiTY, UTAll, NOVEMBER 16, 1887. 16. -- I- ECHO ES-- 0 FT H E-- PAS TV - I have thought that I would write of 1885-80- r up my visit "to the great American Quaker Poet, John G. Whittier; always waiting, ftfrt'' Dear Aunt Em: tune when 1 could have more leisure or a betI have been visiting my old. home in the ter out in the green fields, or by North this summer; the dear old home I left the opportunity winter fireside; but to one whose busy life just ten years ago' with my parents, who were is all hurry, and every hour beeupied,Tio such seeking a better home in the Tar South. time soems to come. However, I will make an Aud this, was my first sorrow, to leave my at telling the. Tacts. childhood's home, with 'iu beautiful surround- "attempt It. was a cold dav'in midwinter, and the ings, its green hills, its cool, delightful canons, fcivow lay very heavy upon the ground. I had its pure, warbling streams, with its waving wilbeen in Boston then several davs. had visited lows on their banks, its secluded pastures; and where we hunted - the - wild strawberry- or some of the most noted , public places, beI cousins whom seen hunted had never up plucked the fragrant wild. xose. All these I fore, and had called at ihe office of the loved with a love that was a part of my life.and Woman s Journal and 1te Watchman, conto leave them, with all the dear companions with the editors about general" matters, and associates of my girjhood, seemed more versed, n. i . 2i i ii :i in ;i.i ' iii i:j than I could bcarr ButThtroifbles'ofyouth and had are soon forgotten; arid although our route for seen a number of notable people, the greater part was over mountains, acro?s dined, by invitation, with Lucy Stone, certainly of the greatest women in America, where aud dustjteaeh one . desertsandth.rouglisand i i .' j. t :fi.J t, i iinmuutuat-au- u aiso" iiruLner-uriguit juiuu i ii 5UCCedbigjlayJcuronghtainething:newndJnAlice ocoue iiiaciiweu, ana Degan teresting. Peace and happiness came in the daughter, to think of going up into the country again to' ;newhome, but the level, desert plains of Ari finish my visit with brothers and sisters and zona could never, take the plac?, in my heart, old school friends, but before going back to the of the mountains, hills and canons I loved :o i i n i could not well; and . the mild winter-weathein whom I had a take the place of the beautiful snow, the merry to pee one or two people interest. The most important of these sleigh-rideby moonlight, and the many special was the illustrious Poet, Whittier, whom I had pleasures incident to a cold climate- from a child, aud whom all New EngBut thiswa3 not what' I started to tell. It quoted land people are so proud to claim as one of was of my visit home after an absence often their own. I had been invited by his eougins, years. And, oh! how I enjoyed it the same who had twice called upon me in Salt Lake, to old hills, canons, creeks and nooks, all so familcome to Oak Knoll in Danvers, and they iar to me." I visited the dear bid had promised to introduce me to Mr. Whittier, around which so many happy memories clintr, also to Elizabeth Stuart Phelps." . almost the same as when 1 saw itjast, with its and And as we do in the childrens' stories, I will lumber. pine logs and piles of repeat again, it was a cold day in midwinter, The town itself is much changed. I see imbut I wrapped up well, and wfas soon at the provement on every hand. Comfortable, and even luxurious homes,- are ta k i n g the place of siauou, wnure x look, luc iraiu. ou tutr vyxu the double loir house of earlier davs. And the Uolouy iioad lor uanvers. Arrived at the e ol'd schoolmatesthe boys and girls that vere. df pot about noon, and drove to an the belles and beaux of our quiet little village hotel and dined Ordered ja, horse and sleigh, rip;irnpl if whs eomii llfflp rliafpnrA t.n Odlrten years ago death has entered our ranks and taken three of the best and dearest girl Knoll, and in a tew minutes we drove up the hill to the new and stately residence very friends; several have found homes in the far, steep nronerlv-calleOak Knoll. It looked verv sunny south, others have moved to various grand and imnosinsr, and in Summer or Autumn poi nts and b u t fe w re ra a i n. Th e h a ppy, car the grounds and surroundings must be all one's boys,, that were 'then just merging into fancy could paint for a poet's home. The fine manhood some have filled and others are fill situation of the house on the brow of the hill, ing honorable missions, and are faithful workers in the kingdom . of our God; while some of the magnificent old trees, the architecture of the handsome modern building, all tend to both sexes have strayed from the Gospel paths and have found sorrow and discontent. I visited , make the whole a picture of beauty, and give an impression of elegance and grandeur. with many dear friends, but all seem changed, As we drove , close to the place I noticed a and as I view these many changes that. have woman of stately figure upon the the piazza taken place, I feel like a second Kip Van Winkle, and that I alone am the same. But as I facing the drive; she came forward immediately look at my two sturdy boys and my sweet baby and soon recosinized me. without explanation. She knew I wanted to see her cousin, the poet. girl, I realize that there is a great difference -and said, "How sorry I am, Mrs. W ,but between 17 and 27, and that I, too, am changed. is he to he not has here; Amesbury oa gone "And as I sitmusirig in the twilight over the various fortunes of the' friends of. my early business, though we expect him home soon." I was most kindly and hospitably welcomed my youth, some happy, some so very ;sad, I kneel and thank my God that my feet have not been wraps taken off, and the conveyance sent away; meautime I was ushered into a lanre and elegant permitted to stray from the sheltering folds of i i ri f.i nnori yi ii' iri i"n nil n j .'. ..1 i itii i m i ti it .c ii the Gospel, and that my barque has anchored when a young man, adorned the space above in a haven of rest. mantel. It was a large and very interestthe Rachel. x that one could ing portrait, and so . life-lik- e Salt Lake City, Oct. 29, 1887. easily imagine he was about to speak. There were many beautiful ornaments and someex-VISIT TO THE POET WHIT TIER. quisite statuary in the room, and it presented, altogether, the attractive appearance of a tiine3 or more since my return most artistically furnished A hundred from my visit to New England in the winter Another of the cousins came in almost THE NORTH. A-VI8I- T-TO - . BY . FANNIE HOLDEN FOWLER. How strangely sweet the airs'of old , Their melody the heart doth hold Through" all the past and teemingyears, Too weird for mirth, too sad for tears " Their echoes linger like a spell r Where dreamy thoughts are wont to dwell, Aud through the lapse of time and tide Unfold the doors of Mcmory'wide. 1 ! - Sweet friends, who reached the golden shore Ere life grew stale, the songs of yore Come floating from your starlit heights, As sweet as in those summer nights When, in the life of long ago, Your music trembled to and the soft and limpid ,air, As light as love, as pure as prayer. , . 1 i 1 . - 't 3 Woman's Journal. WILLIE AND JOSEPH F': . the first, a boy so bright and pure, So gentle and affectionate and good I knew The little fellow when he was but three. :A l, sweet-scente- d old-tim- - - morn, to eat; Stoutly refused on Fast-daFor, if his father fasted, so must he And off to meeting went, firm, yet so sweet y. ! "But Willie died," while yet a little child Although he seemed so rosy, well and string; Ah ! friends, be not by outward signs beguiled The best and noblest oft remain not long. ss . Then, as a recompense, another son, Our Father gave, with tender, loving grace; "peculiar" from his birth, apd one They felt could almost fill the vacant place. The parents, fond and hopeful, full of joy, That God remembtred them, and heard them pray, The name of "Joseph F," gave this dear boy, to-da- y. Oh, Saints of God we are so very slow; To understand our Father's wise decrees; It is not meet all should to manhood grow, Behind the vail there's work for such as these. 1 " Each has his.part assigned, each knows his place, They come to earth, their bodies thus secure, " Return, and there before the Father's face, They minister in work sublime and pure. 1 . Thus, friends beloved, your Joseph came and went, And you shall know, in God's own time and way, For what peculiar mission he was sent Be faithful, and await the blissful day. m . ... - When his release was sent, ke must have stood. " 1 ii i . i . saw-mil- ' i t-u " For the brave Prophet Exile of i i r -- .., i :i..nt..i i Now Fancy with her magic light Traces each form in memory bright; V And father, brother, child and friend Upon rriy footsteps still attend. I see the crown of silvery hair, The placid smile he used to wear; I hear thewelcome of that day Of olden time, long passed away, The merry songs and pastimes sweet Of childish glee I used to greet;. Till life seems young, and all things glow In sunlight of the long ago. r i.t-- , -- ing fro,-Sway- LULA. i .1 11 1 1 v i i w draw-ing-roo- 