7WOAN'S EXPONENT. 188 TTT ibr JT WO MA N'S. EMMELLE great good from the writings in the Exponent, and are proud to acknowledge it. It finds its way into many homes, where the sound of the Gospel has never been heard, and.it has been the humble means of removing prejudice andcorrecting false: impressions, made by those who are ever on the alert to injure the cause and the people who are seeking to establish" the kingdom of God upon the; 1. Editor. D. WELLS,. published senmonthly, in Salt Lake City, Utah, Terms: one copy ono year, f2.oo, one copy six months, $1.00. Teh copies for tho price of nine. AdvertL-iInrates: Each uare, ten lines of nonpareil one tine, &?j0; per month, 23.00. A liberal discount space, V o regular advertisers. No. 25 E., South Temple Street, second Kateast of Dose ret News Office, business honre froia 19 a.m O p.'m. every day, except Sunday. r' Addres.4 all business communications to PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, "',, have been earth. than many men of mature years. It is a most inThird is entitled "Finding teresting Comfort," by Elder Thomas A. Shreeve, and is much longer than the other sketches; but also contains experiences .'and incidents calculated to awaken and inspire faith in the young Elders of Israel who are called to preach the Gospel to the nations". Fourth subject is "Traitors " by Elder Ben E. Rich and should be as a voice, of warning to all, for as he truthfully says, "a traitor can never be anything but' despicable." Bro. Rich illustrates his chapter with examples that are weirichown in history, but which taken in life-recor- . d. women greatly in their the circulation interests through promoted of this paper and indeed if is one of the helps in the work of the Relief Society the Y. L. M, I; A. and the Primary Associations. The meet, connection with his essay, as it might properly be 7 Utah. Lake City. Salt ings and Conferences of these organizations called, are brought home to the reader with an inheld in all the Stakes of Zion in America and creased moral force. We have perused the book May i, 1887'. abroad find a place of record in its columns from, carefully and most heartity recommend it to the Salt Lake City, time to lime and the workings ; of the several homes and libraries of the Latter-da- y Saints these great promoters of benevolence of branches Office of the Juvenile Instructor, For sale at the THE "MORMON" WOMAN'S PAPER. and spiritual culture thus become better kHOwn. Salt Lake City, Utah. Price 25 cts. We hope and trust that the agents for the ExOur readers are doubtless aware that the presponent will not grow weary in well doing but OUR CHILDREN. ent number closes the Fifteenth Volume of this continue. to labor diligently in the future as they little paper. Sorry indeed we are that it is late, have in the past.andurge upon the sisters the need - Lawful wedlock or marriage was sanctified and s never too late to mend," and we hope "of a paper of their own in which they may but :it-iexpress made holy by God for the purpose of increase, and that the next volume, now commencing, will be their sentiments upon all subjects of interest, and not merely for the gratification of the baser pasmore regular, more interesting and withal more advocate the principles of the Gospel have they sions. The command to Adam and Eve was to worthy of the patronage of the women of the Lat-- -' embraced and assist in advancement and progress multiply and replenish the earth, and this, accorder-day Saints. We do not expect the patronage in that which will tend to, the higher culture and of the outside world to any great extent, as the" development of the daughters of Zion, and the ing to the Book of Mormon, was "that they might have joy." What is true in regard to Adam and principles advocated herein are at variance with dissemination; of the truths of heaven as revealed Eve is true in regard to all their sons and daughters. the belief and practises of the people of the world in these last days through chosen men of God The original command remains in full force y at large; yet we have sold and given away during haviag never been revoked. And of all the blessthe last year to hundreds of tourists each one copy EDITORIAL NOTES. ings bestowed by heaven there is none that at all or more of the ''Mormon" woman's paper,and have compares with the blessing of posterityr It is the "had the opportunity of conversing upon the prin-- . Wk sincerely hope that all our patrons and grand key to the eternal lives about which we love nciples of the Gospel' with tourists and travelers so much to talk. friends will excuse the unavoidable delay in issu:; almost every day. No greater calamity can befall a family than to The paper has certainly been in many ways a ing this number of the Exponent; circumstances entirely unlooked. for have been the cause, and it have its name blotted out for the want of a son to Diessing to tms people, ana anotner avenue th e r hai d, j f n 0 other t. 'On th -through which the GospeI,-t-o a certain extemyin j s a matter of great regret on. 0 ur part that we were pe rpe tuatei in the matter, but hope no justifiable reason could be assigned for the practice simplicity and in a humble manner may be pro-- . notable to be prompt such painful occurrences will prevent its regularity of polygamy, the giving to every pure and virtuous claimed. In,. our experience in the Church we woman an opportunity to fill the measure of her in the future. It is the intention during the present have often heard sisters who were zealous for the truth say, how glad they would be to have the year to make ample recompense for any inattention creation would be justification enough ; for every in the past, which may have appeared to those unpure woman is worthy a pure and virtuous husprivilege accorded to them,which the Elders have band, and all attempts to deprive her of this priviwho are called to labor in: the interests of the acquainted with" facts, likeneglect of an importlege are in violation of a true and correct principle. Church abroad; this expression or similar ones ant duty, but we hope to be able to give to all inWhen the law of God prevails there will be no are often used. Every mother in Israel, has a terested perfect satisfaction in the future. cause of complaint in this regard. noble mission to fill at home, of this the sisters To all the' subscribers of the Woman's ExThose who prate so much about one woman are fully aware, but there are possible yearnings to wish that if we. have not each say, they only for one man, and quote in proof that Adam in the hearts of some womeJi, and indeed there ponent one received a copy of the Prophet's mother, had Eve as his only wife, know nothing of the may be special endowments and knowledge of the in known the Church as Mother true history of Adam and Eve; of their mission to truths of heaven given that may be imparted to "Lucy Smith," we would?like to be informed to whom Smith, this earth, and the peopling thereof; of the fall others, and to the world of mankind with good reto direct, as it has been the aim and in and where and their redemption. Is this the only earth that sults. "For instance it is often said in the world to supply each subscriber with one of these tention has been created and peopled, and is the mother "such none was born a'poet," or of another that in and near Salt Lake City, Those living pictures. of this earth the only one that ever had or will "she was born a teacher of her contemporaries," it would be have we much better if they have such honor ? This thought if that is the case, and history furnishes abundant may be all that a narrow-minde- d to for save call would as it has been them, rolling, Christian monogamist can possibly conproof that it is so, why, may it not be so in the to labor a of roll them something up so as to proChurch of Latter- - day Saints? ceive, but we know better. Enoch said, "Millions tect them from injury in going through the mails. of earths .like this would not be a beginning to the .... Certainly through the colums of the woman's paWe are very anxious that all should have a picture, number of creations, and thy curtains are per. There is an opportunity offered for all those and it is considered, by those acquainted with the stretched outthystill." Will not each earth then, who have these aspirations and desires to edify, venerable mother in Israel, a very good likeness. with its inhabitants, pass through similar ordeals instruct, comfort, bless and teach those who may read what has been, or may be written by them. pertaining to its creaHelpful Visions is the significant title oLa to the one we occupy, as " The Sisters have, through their own paper a new work recently issued from the Office of the tion, its peopling, its fall and its redemption? and grand opportunity for culture and development in Juvenile Instructor,.and is the fourteenth of the Certainly, nothing could be more reasonable, fmma In relation nrncni tor nf' each one of v V fcw ihtV v to Faith Promoting Series, designed for the youth of lilt writing and publishing, upon moral, intellectual and Gospel subjects, and it is a privilege! that Zion.. The contents are . first , "A .Terrible Or- Jhese countless creations, the words of the inshould not' be ignored. There are young women deal" in two chapters by Bishop O. F. spired poet might apply, uttered many years ago: Whitney who have talents and time at their disposal, who giving the thrilling experience and remarkable "And what to Eve though' in her mortal life might contribute largely to the current literature manifestations of Elder David. Patten Kimball She was the first, the tenth, or fiftieth wife: d the of and the testimony of his son Patten, and others ay through the sources ope n to th em ; ye It mattered not to her, she proved her worth, I we are sorry to say, many of them let the golden And thus became the Goddess and the Queen of earth.'"v substantiating the marvelous spiritual occurrences opportunities pass by, wherein they might' sew therein recorded. - The fulfillment-o- f the- - predict I am wandering from my But, woman-like- , l broadcast some precious seed, that though small uuus .11 ue ' ' uiaue ai uiu umc miuuiu a strong tes- text. :. . perhaps in comparison, might bear excellent fruit, timony to all who read withThespirit and the We find ourselves upon the earth, and surand if no positive success ever attended it, there The next in order is "Briant L. rounded with offspring, the result of marriages a great satisfaction in feeling one has done what Stevens" by Kennon and is' a sketch of the life sanctified Now by God through sacred ordinances. . she could. and spiritual devotion of a child who died in what is our duty in relation to these children God There are missionaries abroad in different parts his fourteenth year, and yet had accomplished in has blessed us. with? Mothers, look around jou, cf this land, aud other lands, who have realized that short time in the interest of the Gospel more and see the changed conditions as compared with The organizations-o- f - -- , -- - -- -t- . to-da- .'-- , ep - J W"" J A 5 A 1 L ' 1 1 ' ..- ;s f'J.. - 3 