51 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. "SO HE BRINGETH THEM UNTO THUIR DESIREDHAVEN." We aro taught that "Charity covereth a mul titude of sins." Very many are so as to believe that when the Apostle spoke ot ,ch a ri ty, h c mea n t si m pi y th e. gi y i n g a way a small portion of our goods, the loss of which would never be felt by ourselves or families. Having given a cold.dinner .now and then to tramps, andperhaps cfropped a twenty-fivcent piece"' in to the poor-boonce or twice in the course of a year, the average church member feels satisfied his charities have been- large he may enough to cover what few small-sinsfeel inel ined to com tn it.-who are very liberal as far as giving money is concerned, who are not possessed of the faintest spark of true charity in their souls'. There are men and women who give simply that their names may be seen and spjkmof by others as heading the 'list of those who give large subscriptions to charitable objects. They are Psalm cvii, jo. Sol' through storms and darkness, Through great waters deep, Through the cloud whose black embraces" Hidden sunbeams keep: So, He bring I lis chosen there To the Haven safe and fair I near-sighte- e x Sol" through fierce winds blowing, Through rough desert ways, Through long nights whose dreary darkness - Reaches o'er the days : - rl$o7TreT Then-there-araothe- ra. Safe from every stormy blast ! "So 1" through cares and trials, . Through temptations strong, Through dead hopes, whose joyouj blossoms Have been waited long : So, He brings His chosen Home, Nevermore tosadly roam . anx--ioust- 1 persons, and for that reason often give large sums of money, which is, in reality, often badly needed in the homes of these same charitable persons. Very often this class of givers "receive their full reward, when their names; to- By the spirit's strife, .j By the hands outreaching vainly ' Toward this empty life : He brings them Home to share In His perfect "fulness" there! "Sol" by small, slow footsteps, By the daily cross, the heart's unspoken yearning, By By its grief and loss: So, He brings them Home to rest With the victors, crowned and blest v ? - "Sol" by scattered ruinsr By swett links unbound, By fair blossoms all unheeded, Trampled on the ground ; .. So, He brings them Home to Him, Where no cloud their joy can dim! "Sol" oh, weary pilgrim, Unto endless dayl Doubt not, fear not gladly go ; He will bring thee heavenward sol Jennie Harrison.' TO MY DEAR MOTHER. A goodiy number of years have passed Since you came to earth Oh, they go so fast The days, the months and years go by Fairly unheeded on wings they fly; nu. wnen we iook Dacicr it seems so odd To see what a curious path we've trod With thorns among roses, joy mixed with pain, Gladness and sorrow, sunshine and rain Mingled together on every side, None of them anxious their 'faces to hide. Often it seems that of all this host ' Sorrow makes her appearance the most. She visits the lowly as well as the great, I. The poor as those of high estate, Giving us all of her cup a share, Of which you, mother, received full fare. ou nave toiled lor us m days gone by, And shown us the way to God on high; You've watched our short and fevered breath, . When it seemed we must part by the hand of death; You have knelt, by our bed in silent prayer, And asked of God, He our lives would spare. 1 - . - Which by our mother have not been done. And now we wishA that your future years May be less bestrewn with cares and tears; That all your sorrows may be past, And happy years may crown your last; That long with us you may yet remain , Oft your wise counsel to give again. May you at last be crowqed above, To dwell with those who rule in love; And that we all may meet you there, Shall be our constant, earnest prayer. Fairriew, Aug. i, 1887. gether with the largcTaruount they have subscribed, appear in some one or other of the religious papers for which most of their more fashionable or wealthy friends subscribe. Why not? The Pharisees had a similar reward. It m possible to give very liberally, even beyond our means, and still not be possessed of true charity, for St. Paul has said, "Though I bestow my goods to feed, the poor; though I give my body to be burned, yet have not charity, it profiteth nothing." The God who measures our charities is able to look beyond the action to the motive-whicfirst prompted that action. In his eye the widow s mite counted tor much, simply because it wa3 given freely; not because she expected to have praise from her neighbor, but. through the desire to do all the good that lay in her power to those who were less favored than her very charitable. It would not be considered at all proper land, for theeven in. our enlightened Gospel .m... . - J 11 ni03t charitably inclined sister 10 ueseen speaa.-in- g toouo of these fallen ones. Society, even if, it were jjire that she were trying to reclaim, the lost one, wouhHurn its back on the woman lower herself. All she ' who would dare thus can do, and retainTier position in that wonderful organization called ''Society," is to attend, at stated periods, the meetings of charitable her mohev to mid.11. liberally-osnfMPtips. r 1 v r Christianize, heathen women in ventral Ainca, or India, oiLSome other country and from which, in many instances, they never receive any benefit while perhaps more than a dozen women in the same block in jwhich this - Annie. self. t " - - ; far-awa- y c) a ri t o U 'vrn a 1 i vrd3 fl rf - nor!h IM or hfitll body and soul, their remorseful and agonizing cr yJto iia s avgd rem a in i ng unheeded aud unno ticed because no Christian woman can be found i i i . ii. . .i i i. mi . i .i wuo will taKe inem uy me nauu uuu ueip them to forsake their old life, and find honor- - able, respectable employment. In thus denying ' n to talten women; allit means ot returning to a better life, society has made-- fearful mistake; assumes to be mora just than Christ Himself, who commanded the sinner to cin no more; and, until a broader charity is manifested, and something more is done by way of reclaiming the fallen at home, would it not be just as , -- a con-istp- nr and mnp.h mnrft modest.to sav less about nnr "CM r ffi ii r Snriptip4 fur. Convprtinf tha 'A Heathen." ! 1 Selected. Eiijia M. Myers. NOTES AND NEWS. H. W. Mabie is writing the "authorized life, of. Helen Hunt Jackson. The Record nominates for president of Wellesley College, to succeed Miss Freeman, Miss Ifose Elizabeth Cleveland.; e -- my observation of peopb I have found very little of "The charity that thinketh no evil." I have met very few who were willing to credit their neighbor with right motives, although his actions might not seem in accordance with his profession. People generally are too willing to judge others from their own standard of right and wrong, forgetting that ho two persons. yiew an action from the same, moral standpoint. A woman may belong to a dozeu charita ble societies for the poor, yet, if she can see very little that is good in her neighbor's actions; if she is c mtinually on the watch for something in that neighbor's manner of life or drss with which to find fault, surely she is not possessed of the "Charity 'that is kind." Why is it that women have so little charity for one another? Let a woman make one false step in life, and her whole sex at once forsakes her. Sisters, schoolmates, intimate friends alike ignore her. Not one of all her intimate friends will stretch out a hand to lift li2r up to the moral plane from which she has fallen. Not" they. They are allUoo busy,' perhaps, in organizing a society to send the Gospel to the heathen in Central Africa, to waste thought or sympathy on a fallen sister at home. They is more resnectahilitv in orfran fWl VA that, V'M1I thprp. O I J ized effort. - Then, too, it is very gratifying to'1 " V --- London Daily New and Truth, is said to earn $10,000 a year by her pen. The Queen laid the. foundation-stonof the -imperial Institute Building in London recently. Twenty thousand persons were charity. V' 1 . 'Mm. Crawford, Paris correspondent of tho The charity of which the Apostle spoke meant more than the giving of money, food, or clothing. Giving our goods is only one way of showing that we possess charity. TcTmeTit; seems that generous sympathy, freely expressed in time of sickness or trouble, where no material help, is needed, will be accounted to U3 for la . . -- h 'Tis the Master's way, And it leadeth surely, surely, : o large-heart- ed a3-pliari- table, "Sol" by tears and longings, c.i. nntJj n i m n nfrcrt in nrinf: in connection with some kind of gospel society, thus giving others the impression that one is 1." CHARITY. - The Woman's Congress, of which Mrs. Julia Ward Howe is president, will hold its next meeting in New York City, Oct, 26, 27 and 2tf. . The novelist Eugenie John, better known as E. Marlitt, author of "The Old Mam'zelle's Secret," died at Arnstadt, her native town, at the age of sixty-two- . Our condition never satisfies U3 ; the prssent is always tho worst. Though Jupiter should grant his request to each, we should continue to importune him. Fontaine. Each girl in Wellesley College performs minutes' work each day. There are forty-fivthree hundred girls, and every girl is trained e .in 'An Sno Irl rul Fxpnrlr - nn!L-- l v h ful - V(A I. At the late election in Texas, Galveston's fmest women were at the polls, distributing bal- They also had booths, from which they The Texas women dispensed refreshments. are in earnest and ought to be allowed to vote. lots. An International Council of Women, called by the National Woman Suffrage Association, will be held in Washington, D. C, opening March 25, closing April 1. 1888, to commemor-ot- e the Woman's llights Convention held in Seneca Falls, N. Y., in 1848. -- 