WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 164' WOMAN'S that wisdom might rest down upon the Presidency and. Apostles of. the Church in this important time in our history. Mrs. E. S. Taylor gave an Interesting account of her visit to Box Elder' Stake. Thought we iwere too prone to watch eachotheT. "We shonld-watcourselves and try to be charitable, for we all We should be have faults; none are .perfect. very careful not to try and stretch others to fit our iron bedstead, and remember we are all differently made; some are weak and some are strong; we all vary in disposition; God does not want His people to be cast down; let us be cheerful aind trustingand make others happy wherever we go. Let us practice all the teachings in Christ's Sermon on the Mount, that will give us strength and power to be faithfut" unto the Exponent Editor. JiMMKL AE If. WELLS, l - iri Salt LaVe City, Utah Terms: Published "one copy six months, $1.00. : Ten" bnecbpy one yearV $2.00; . copies for the price of nine. of lines nonpareil Ad vcrtisinsr rates: Each square, ten A liberal' discount one $3.00. 2.50; month, time, per Space, o regular advertisers. i ' 25 No. South Temple Street, second E., office, Exponent hours from. 10 a.m Business News east Office, Deseret of gate o 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. Address all- business communications to . 1'UBLIS.IIER WOMAN'S. EXPONENT, semi-monthl- . , . . - Salt Lake Salt Lake City, City. Utah. i, . 1887. -- ' end." healing of the sick among us. Touched upon all most e verything that would promote our happiness peace and prosperity as a people. Conference adjourned for three months. Sing-in"Praise to the man who corhmuned with Jehovah." : Benediction by Counselor E. S. Tav- ' ' " '' ' loc' Condensed from the minutes of Mrs. Elizabeth Howard, .Relief Society Stake Secretary. g, h Y. L. M. I. A. Condensed minutes of the Conference of the Y. L. M. I. A. of this Stake, held March i8, in ..the 14th Ward Assembly Rooms, Coun. M. E. Dougall presiding. Present on the stand were Mrs. E. S. Taylor, Prest. of the Central Board, and her.Counselors, Mrs. M. Y. Taylor and Mrs. M.H.Tingey, also Mrs. S. M. Kimball, Prest. 1 B. W. Smith, Dr. MC. Shipp, Mrs. Lilliel of the Swartz blessings we Mrs, Agnes spoke - RELIEF SOCIETY CONFERENCE. Freeze and others; Excellent singing by the 19th enjoy ; said the Lord would try us to see what we Ward choir. Roll called a majority of the Assowould do; "we expect to be tried ; it is good to be The Conference of the Relief Society of this ciation reported, minutes of previous conference tried." Prayed the blessings of the Lord to rest Stake was held in the Fourteenth Ward Assembly were read. The morning session was principally Rooms, on Thursday, March 17th, Mrs. M. I. upon His Saints, and asked God to bless Sister occupied in reading 'the statistical reports of the Home and all that were trying to do some good. Horde presiding. Present on the stand were Mrs. associations Remarks were made by Mrs. J. C. Mrs. Lucy W. Kimball spoke of her recent reB. W: Smith. Mrs. S. M. Kimball. Mrs. M. Wr Mrs Z. G. Eardly, Mrs. E. C. Clawson,-Mrturn from the. Temple, and the beautiful influence .Howe, Show, and Mrs. MafyTnchfbYth.ofT C. H. Clayton, Mrs. M. Irvine, Mrs. B.W. interest taken there; it'was wonderful ., of the Relief Society in Juab Stake. After sing- Smith, Mrs, L. Freeze, Miss G. Sansome and in the work for the dead. Related incidents coninor nravpr was nffprpfl hv Mrs. .9 lVf TTimliall. Mrs. Alic Kimball; each bore a faithful testicerning the Prophet Joseph, when in prison and Continued with singing. Roll of presidents called; mony to the truth of the work in which we in chains, and how he rebuked the wricked, and 23 presidents, 3 counselors and 2 secretaries reare engaged, and exhorted the young ladies to Minutes and Stake report lead and they ceased their blasphemy, "and he had peace sponded. . qualify themselves for the great future in store for during the remainder of the night. Made other them; to study the scrtpture and be able to teach edifying remarks, and added, "No matter what we Opening remarks by Sister Pitchforth; subjects, them to their children; to read ' good books, and care of the needy, the edification to Jbe gained by suffer, let us 'acknowledge the hand of God in all thereby gain pure and noble thoughts; to attend thino-attending our meetings, guarding, our speech, r good meetings and obtain the Spirit of God,which Mrs. M. W. Wilcox spoke of the performance. is special protection and guidance of our children, always found there; to be prayerful and obedi-- " the need of keeping all commandments given, and of. duty with an eye. single to the glory of God. ent to the co m mand me nts of God, and to His other interesting topics. , Urged us to "seek for wisdom, that we might "be revelations, which liave been given expressly to Prest. Home urged the necessity of perfect re able io perform all our duties in righteousness. , this people ; in short, to so conduct themselves as Mrs. C. Smith, Prest. of Draper R. S., Mrs. ports and promptness in forwarding them to the to be patterns of nobleness and virtue. Stake Secretary Urged the importance of home Mary Porter, of the Granger R. S. and Mrs. During the morning session the revelation given industries, and advised the sisters to see to the Sarah Gibson, Prest. of the R. S. of Surar our yearsgoo settingx)utand cultivating mulberry treesrthat we- - "House7eacftspok:e"a7T minutes, bearing testitor President Taylor, was read, and was listened W e will, likely have. mony to the truth, and also to the might make our ojvrsilk improvement to with rapt attention. to depend on home made clothing. We are largely being made in their respective wards. Conference adjourned until 2 p.m. Singing advertised to the world through this persecution." Mrs. M. Pitchforth ,spoke of our persecutions " prayer by Mrs. Erickson. Spoke of the storing of grain, for many wouldT and upon the principle of plural marriage. Said, A'fternoon Session: After singing prayer was come to Zion for bread. Thought from the re- li Wesbould4i ve fs offered by Mrs Mary P. Young. Mrs. Dougall to speak against this order. The Gospel helps " ..." the people to improve in their manners, for our gave the report of the Stake. porally. Dr. Maggie Shipp then addressed the Meeting; Mrs. S. M. Kimball thought the Relief Society religion teaches us true politeness. It is wrong critishould foster education "Pickup some little girl for our children to be sent to outside schools, for spoke of charity, urged the young to avoid that has a taste for teaching, and let her gather the influence there is against the Gospel. Save cising people's actions, for such cricisms would notibe just, as we do not understand the motives; some of the lktle children from the" streef around your children; keep them in the truth." the her, it will do good." Spoke of the Kindergarten Mrs. Emma Terry rejoiced that she had been 1 also exhorted them to use their influence for and the Woman's Home," and said, "We are able born and reared in the Church as "she had not the good of society. Spoke of tithing and the blessto take care of our own peleVnnadeahy otheF ings promised to those who observe that law, and;, teachings and old traditions to contend with; she alluded. to other important subjects. excellent remarks. was sure the Lord would come out of his hiding- Mrs. Kimball followed up the subjects intro. Mrs. B. W. Smith spoke of the peace we enjoy; place and rescue us from our enemies. "Plural thought we should pray for wisdom, and spoke of ..marriage is a blessing to all who receive it," duced by Dr. Shipp and referred to some ofjier her visit to the Tooele Conference with Sister early experiences in the Church. Spoke of setting good examples, and of many President Elmina S. Taylor then addressed the Lucy W. Kimball, where they had held seven good things, in an intelligent and edifying manner meetings and administered to the si.ck. She felt meeting in an impressive manner; among other Mrs. Ann Griffiths spokefeelingly of her ex the revelation given four years ago to President subjects, spoke upon the home; urged them to periences in times of trial and of drivings from cultivate love for the beautiful, "and even though Taylor was just as much binding upon us as any our homes, and said many excellent things. the home be a humble 6ne,it can be a most charmother, "and we should help our husbands to set The Secretary of the Stake, Mrs. our houses in order." said she hoped all would assemble as often as ing place." Advised the young ladies to cultivate Mrs. Rachel R. Grant had been spending the they could to obtain spiritual food ; referred to faith, and upon other matters of importance. - Other winter in St. George, and had visited around that other speakers were Miss Sarah Eddington, important subjects, and closed by repeating Stake considerably, and found the organizations Mrs. Jane Freeze, Coun. M. Y. Dongall, Mrs. and said, ."do not let us esteem rule, iegoiden in good order. Thought we had nothing to fear Parkinson, Prest. of the Y. L. of Oneida Stake. ourselves above others." from our enemies. "Let us be firm and faithful, Prest, Horne'made closing remarks, referrinc- to Each of these sisters bore faithful testimonies, : and cultivate a spirit of love and charity one to ..and reXerred to.the subjects, already mentioned. the most important subijcjirirjiippxe&&ivman another." . A letter written to the Conference by the Stake ner, and thought each Relief Society should have r m Adiournprl till Qlnmnn- ailtCZ- funds oh hand if necessary to send one President of Y. L., Mrs. M. A. Freeze, was read, represen Mrs. Alice pronounced by Lambert. Mary after which the Conference adjourned for three tative ai least to atteno; the conference. Each Afternoon session, 2 p.m.: Opened with singbranch should contribute 50 cts. a months,with singing and prayer. year to the ing. Prayer by Mrs. M. W. Wilcox. Continued contingent fund.Urged the sisters to care for the" with singingr Remarks" by Mrs. M. W. SnovY oiiv tuu uic uceuy, 10 cooperate with thore who J EDITORIAL NOTES. She loved .to hear the work and kingdom of God nave charge ot the Primaries and Sabbath Sohools. defended .by the sisters. Spoke upon prayer, to teach by example as well as precept,-tOn the 17th of March a smalFnumber of the keep wisdom, kindness and 'faith. obedipnrP u, uic uniurcn out oi tne streets at friends of Sister Elizabeth Goddard met ather night, to culti- mility; thought that we should exercise our faith, J Vdlc --'very virtue ana try to have faith for the residence in the 13th Ward, in honor of her bfrth: . - . s . to-seeT- the : s . -- C7 ngs4o-eause-t- . - " 