in WOMAN'S EXPONENT. And your labors have not been iu the homes public alone; they have reached into if the LatteFday Saints the sick have been comforted and blessed; the poor aided aud made glad; the despondent cheered aurrnited up and the careless reclaimed, and, as. our Savior once paid iL'Inusmuch as ye have done it uuto.oue xf ye nave done it uuto me. the least But we will not multiply words, only ask small gift, as, a token of the vou to accept this ' J .L .1 111 Jove and esteem in wnicn you are. new Dy me Bisters of the fourth W ard Kelief society. hles.-ing-s may Praying that heaven's choicest rest upon you during your remaining days upon the earth after which a happy reunion .with friends in the celestial kingdom of our God, we .... Eubscrihe ourselv s. ; in the Gospel of peace, Your sifters The Offickks And Mkmbkks Of The mpn " ot-thes- . er - 1 i Fourth Ward Ri.likk Sucikty Of - Ogdkn Guy. V 1 - the higher waves that splash and roar over the .of their enemies, some of which rival, if not ntrstrA ATI ko lfllol' ft t ll P T 1 P T. fi V i verdant mead, leaving in its tangle's rare treasures ofshell and moss, as if in compliment to Saims. Among the many cruelties recorded in the welcome visitor. history, wenotice that of lying Antiochus, us' whose persecution of the Maccabees has staniped Behind stretch away and up the panorama of cottages, white and brown, in their grassy bis name with eternal disgrace and imfamy. ne e Ihi3 tyrant, seated upon a tribunal, surrounded jack,-thsettingof green grassy there being-olack of the foliage of trees and vines to by his counselors and a strong body, of armed men, commanded niany of the Hebrewf to be beautify the little Homes scattered about; owing to the salt trade wiml, which is still too cool sumnjoued into his presence, on account of heir and refreshing to lose, the distant sombre refusal to.. eat swiue's flesh and m eats offered to mountains making a background worthy the idols. Numbers suffered the death penally rather than to eat t hu, anions whom was . picture. V . i in The sea, brilliant and restless, its waves alrieazer, a uoieu persou, oi uiy luumy oi uie ways, always comiug to you in playful greeting, priests, by profession, "who was aiso a lawer, to several of or ih wild menace, the brown rocks and islands, f'r ftdvand -in vears., and known r out in the depths, washed and caiessed by the the summoned multitude. Antiochus, observV venerable frage, thus addressed him: same restless waters; and over all, the familiar ing "Before I proceed to use severity, let me advise ; wonder of turquoie aud peatl, the radiant arch so.ttened and melluwed by the glorious rays of J HJVV. OIUU l'f .MTV 11IV-J TJ I the day god. - by submitting to eat of swine fltsh.for pay We have sighed with the fulness and power great respect to thy age and grey hairs, and am of the beauty around uand atlast come down surprised that the experience of so many years' "should not have made thee wiser than still td to every day life and ouf ehlf,hunt- I just .wish you culdsee us in our red bathpersist iu the Jewish superstition. It seems to me a most unreasonable thing for men to ing suit?1, quite uuromautic generally, out in first ,the. breakerd.or .right , thus doing great injustice to thems Ives. ' liut nees, scrabbling and , break, down on our Ejeazar, having time to speak for himself to the 8Ciatchiug, rolling and plunging, sand in our hair, shells in our mouib, and attempting King replied that he would. not eat the king's w ild fwJthr6Fkljehold," itf meats. lor it was unclean, as uod who creawd our natureliad due regard to it." ""the yielding sand. . You get lasciuated with the sport. You see, "Eleazar, having made this noble and spiritual the shells ire jiit below the surface of the sand, to the tyiant, was then dragged, by the and you Ifave to scrape and el along the sand reply with 'your handstand feet, and as you feel a cruel torment. The guards pulled off the old sharp point, pick it up ami p it it into your man's garments; the venerable garb of his remouth. This soundsyery easy to tell it, but ligion, aud. having bound his hijuds behind ' when I add that .the frolicsome, mischievous him, scourged him most unmercifully, an officer waves are rolling and shifting- the sand every calling out at every stroke, "Obey the King's instant, for you are right where it beats first on command." The brave Eleazar, however, susthe shore, aud, that the blow of the wave, tained this barbarity as if he. had been in a as it breaks (and they do small though it dream, without deviating a tittle from his proevery second moment in all kinds of weather), fession. The good old man stood with his eyes dashe3 you this way and that, sometimes rolluplifted to heaven, while the blood streamed ing you over in the sandy water, and filling down his body to the ground. No longer able nose, ears aud mouth with a clever mixture , to sustain the torments he felt, he fell 'the upon :. : i sand and water, after you hear, all this, ..)- - ... i -- i n vuc ui iue jiuuius siaiupd upon veujcAJi. jja you will know it isn't so easy as it sounds. him in order to raise him; still he bore their You can often gather a huudredof the shells ba r ba ro u s i u so e n ce ihl-Biixprisi- n in in yfternoou: but You mu3L remember that suffering their stripes till his very tormentors so large a number but makes a tiny pile of stood in admiration, and wondered to find so shells, they are so small and take up so little noble a soul in a body so aged. Not being able room; indeed I think I could hold fifty or sixty to change him, they brought hub to the fire. v in my double hands. There they appli d n e w instru m en ts of torture; After we have collected all J. wishes toget threw him upm the fuel, and as he burned, that day, we gaout into deeper waters and take poured scalding nauseouliaunl ud us nostri s. a wimf tor ws can rpally swim, and we aann turned to tbnervery bone, andready to ex n l re . queutly float and manceuver about for another he lifted up his eyes to heaven: "Thou.seest, hour, and then go reluctantly to change our my God, the miseries I endure, and that I clothes, and go back to Laui Kuli, our walk choose to die by fire and torment for the sake of, childthe with talk and chatter, spiced happy Thy law. Be Thou gracious, Lord," tQ Thy own ren keeping up a running accompaniment with people, and let the vengeance on me suffice for both legs and tongues. Oh, happy day, oh, what they have deserved. Make Thou v my happy past! to take this picture; d.mn, and as I blood purification for them, and accept my life brush the duf t away to explain its beauties to instead of lives With these words this pious x with aches heart bitter, you, my unavailing man gave up the ghost. are tears like to throat and the in hit pain, "Pursuant to the order of the aforsaid, there choke me! I am the brown wave dashed rock, were before, the tyrant seven sons with old with sorrow,. young iu joy, yet trying, oh, their brought ancient mother. The symmetry of their so hard, Aunt Em., to look into the light and forms and elegance of their deportment atlovlinest above me, knowing that somewhere tracted his notice, and, therefore, atter beholdthere, the absent are making ready for me. ing them with a kind of approbation, he comnOMtPUN. . f manded them to approach, and thus accosted themr The officers told the aged mother and seven sons to obey the king's law, but they FOR THE "BENEFIT OF MOTHERS. would not do it. The tyrant said, ''You have nothing to expect but racks fire and death." Editor Exponent: The tyrant had no sooner thus spoken than he coramandeoV the instruments. of torture to be . Thinking the following from Joseprjus might i i i aid to inspire mothers to bring up their childjjrouuceu, iu uruer 10 worn more strongly upon ren as htroes for God and righteousness, I ask their fears; their words and menaces, he imagined would accomplish the design. When that you iusert it in the Exponent: the guards had set before them the wheels, In the days of ancient Israel cruelties the racks and combustible materials, and other most atrocious are recorded concerning the acts instruments of horror and execution, Antiochus, ' ' . Mrs. Richards respondtd with a few words well chosen, and expressive of loving regard ; iu the noble cause of for her co-work- " ' ' SANDWICH ISLAND LETTER. Laie, Nov. 16th, 1887. Dear Aunt Em: No doubt all your readers are fond of shells, coral, moss and seaweed, the love of things pretty and beautiful being an inheritance from J our nivine lamer and mother.,.,".- 1 - There are not many varieties of shells here: . . one iKind,i common iu some parts ot America, is the periwinkle, being found in plenty on our one n snows now to look for them. oeacn, oniy There are also a few kinds of graceful oblong cream and Drown sheiis, ot which 1 do not know the names, found over on the "Island and at a beach between here and Kokuku, jahmilQUJL-mile- s from here in faetr One shell hunt, dowu near our bath house. i is framed in rosy tender colors, and hangs iu sad memory's halls with the few happy scenes wnicn nave brightened my Hie here. My dear friend, J. X:. and heri sister. M;X D.. ancLmvselfjtartpxLfintonp.-lnv- pl imWen ... aiteruwn; accompanied by X 9 - 1 Jay, Karl. - JLuIe, - inaand Helen, with babies Joseph & Wesley, our blessed little tribe of children, and down through the green pasture, over the rock fence near Kekouoha's, then over the grassy road, hills and hollows, through the sand, and here we came to the boathouse aud bathhouse, very h primitive structures both,, but for the purposes for which they were made. The children are" undressed, and a calico apron makes their bathiner suit. Off thev catr.h. good-enoug- . JO' e-o- U in LUC, in?O hllTC Airrrritir, Cif J I OraKa r i I U Oi IU ..w.v.v..j UUJ, . . . . ca.: . , oanu,picKiug up hits ot sea playthings, running after the circling, silver-lippewaves as they and ripple patter up and down the sandy beach, and calling and screaming with wild childish . Rnnn-niHp- 1 1 1 .'A Q 1 l j i.i . - V V rf I V. i i -- ' V A . ; where-the-wav- The ladifs who managed the affair are to be congratulated upon its success, and the good taste with which it was conducted. - Com. 4 1 Tar-UL-1-1 . " Oct. 21st, 1887. T. 1X JL ra V. 1 I fc i d laughter at their romp'and play. Our bathing suits are soon donned, M. J. refusing to share in the sport, preferring to 81t on the beach and watch the babies. Away e run, decorously and slowly, till we, too, are m the enfolding fingers of the 'pretty wavelets at our feet; Is it hot beautiful, ever new, always strange, this glorious wonder of sea, earth and sk'v? Ihe irregular line of shore, now pushing the blue domain of the sea, anon retreating into tiny bays; the green hills and. pastures come fairly down to meet and greet bold-Jymit.iu- to ' es " . iyokpour - i-- t, of-salt- ' 1 tHn ... : i. 