WOMAN'S , EXPONENT. 108 T Wnvr U ' ' ago, btit since that time she has traveled .in the $ family, left her home in Davies Co., Mo., where VV father had purchased "lands" and settled. several Stakes of Zion, and assisted greatly in p veloping the latent talent existing among the asso-- j having been ordered by; the Governor of the State Hciaiions, Editor. and encouraging: that perseverance which H to leave within ten days. The benevolent altri- EMMELLE d. wells, Uet words of kindness to butes and sympathies of Sister Eliza, and in fad N ever ensures success imontioyjn Salt Lako yJtahTofms: and her tender solicitation, for their ?f the whole Snow family, were fully aroused at this one copy orw ycr, 'J2.00; .'due ..copy. six TntuithOf T 'Jen J ' ctrjie for tho price of nine. 'spiritual and eternal welfare should never be for- - H time m witnessing the pathetic scenes of sorrow ; Advertising rates:--asquare, ten iin x nunMrdi igoUe;x by any who have had the pleasure-anH and of suiTermg that the Saints were called upon A one fo . $3.00. . . MiVN'S liXPO NENT.J de-'jwh- the-youn- - er. g, ch . time,. 52,50; per month, liber,! discount If ,JS'-,.:w;space, .. . VI WAWVJJIfW ItUiJUl Ui OUUiii; . UUUCl W1C 3UU11U UI UCI VU1LC. M W CUUU1C in rt Miriil.r twIxArf lun IU, llldl-WUiiic, ExroNKNT office,;"ic63V"K"SouthTcmpl Ptreetr second f Notwithstanding .the sketeh of Sister Eliza, pub- - H family of Bro. Snow left Far West, whither they ... . .j vui m m w gate east oi uescrei aeurs.umce. uusmess nourejrora i'J i.m cj J me o uii to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. Is fittinir tribute to her memorv to review briefly her W sth of March. iSia: the weather was then verv Address all business communications' to 11 uiu in 1 11 IJUilJC 3 vaiivo uiu, uut llltj puuin, m ui A, aim iu glib a OUU1 I I11CUIUI Idl Ul UCI " PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, j . - - "ai. lV - - J- . -- II self. nut iiurni Sister Eliza and her sister and possessions. Salt Lake City "Utaii. Eliza R. Snow was born at Becket, Berkshire II Leonora stopped in Quincy, 111., and Bro. Snow December i ?, 18S7. W Co., Mass , January 21st, 1804. Her parents were and family went to the northern part of that State. Salt Lake City, wnvci oiiu-- ui mas:., mm xvubcua xeonora 1 em- - In Quincy SisteV Eliza wrote some very character- M bone of Corn She was the second child of her fa istic articles for the press, and received very press ... . ELIZA ROXIE SNOW SMITH. Lf. 2 parents ; Leonora A. bnow was the eldest. Leonora ing solicitations to, contribute other poetical was" afterwards the wife of the Patriarch Isaac articles. It was thought a novelty, to find such A. tribute of affection. y Morley, who became identified with the Church at rare genius in a "Mormon" girl. From Quincy 5 a the Misses Snow went to Lima, and there, for a . very early period of its history. Sister L. A. , uu OI inc mu.n.i x.uuy Monaay, uecemoerM AIorley died at her brother Lorenzo's borne, in time, supported themselves with needlework, in nouse aalt Lake Brigham City, Feb. nth, 1872. .The two sisters which art Sister Eliza excelled, and of which purfive minutes past one our of Sj.irit befj were affectionately devoted-t- each other, and the suit she was very fond. In July Sidney Rigdon loved "Sister Eliza" passed away from earth, as fl death of Sister Lennora was a SaH hlm tn QJct.r sent for Miss E. R. Show to come Up to Commerce, she herself had so beautifully expressed,d Eliza, leaving her more lonely, and causing her, jj afterwards called Nauvoo, to teach his' family "To unite with tl5eioirsm"celetiaTldve7T 4 rTodoubl7 to her favorite U school, lln Nauvoo many important events oc- curred, w hich have had a bearing upon her life Among 'the sisters over wmJtfishe presided she H I rvairrNaTrTno-that-sr- K ITvpr and sister to each other has wrntA lhp aftpf was spoken of as "The Elect Lady,' and wasgtjon.of .this brother been tha the most sublime sublime and lofty poetry, and an inspiration most and perfect reverenced as the title indicated wherever the 9 from Latter-daon y seemed of the Saint women ex- - Stion- high resting upon her constantly. In 1006 Oliver Snow, with his wife and two isted. Her name jsngraved fmperishably ifl the A The revelations of God .were poured out in rich hearts people. Her life and character were h children, rLeonora and Elizar removed to Ohio and t ab u nd a n ce. a tt hat time u po nt h eP. roph ttjo s e ph, in perfect keeping with the holy religion she had i settIed in Mantua, Portage Co. It seems scarcely and Sister Eliza, in her poetie" sentiments, seemed here,-thathe girls', Leonora and to share in the inspiration from above. embraced. iH.er example is before all Israel, and U necessary to say accords harmoniously with the teachings she has $ 'za, received the most careful'ahd''c6mpletee'du At this period a new era dawned upon woman cation in lhe best schools of the day, and also ex- given, and the precepts she has taught. and motherhood were supremely glorified g Her days were lengthened out far beyond the n cellent under the management of a marriage and eternal principles were revealed, and blessings tKree score and ten, but they were filled up with?! Wlie anc judicious mother; these together laid the and privileges bestowed upon the faithful, great usefulness, good, works and noble deeds. fJ foundation of a useful and honorable life. in their future promise, not only for time but Her condition, for some considerable time past fl Early in her girlhood Miss Eliza R. Snow be- reaching into the eternities to come. I has been that of failing health and known and came somewhat celebrated for her waning strength,' q It was about this time that Sister Eliza com yet her friends, especially those who were fondly poetical effusions, and even though young, she ! auacnea to ner, couia scarcely ..believe she was so H chose lofiy and exalted themesw She created "The Invocation," which so beautifully quite posed soon to leave tnem. 1 here was no disease prey'-- W A SC1IMUU11 u the home of our Father and Mother in wining ai wie lime 01 me stru?? e portrays her Greece and Turkey, a poem, entitled, heaven, and so forcibly impresses the idea of system, but slowIyJiromday-t- o rngtipon she grew weaker, until it became evidentto' those M 'Th"ePafi Cesiiaujnon Saints, and around her, she was about to join the ranks of 3 all 'familiar with the history of this I when they hear it sung for people, that i many strangers even, those who have fought the .good', fight'and over. M sin.ee Sister Eliza" became a member'-- of- - this f the first time. These sublime sentiments, so come. And there is no doubt but "commi issioned l Church ske has devoted her best thoughts and her beautifully given, have been like a sweet and escorts were waiting by" to accompany h e'r tc ';arf Pen t0 poems and writings upon the subjects and grafeful'inc'ense to the hearts of many who yearned for some expression of the intense emotion they Prophet, her husband, whom she loved and f trialshardships, persecutionsand difficulties had not language to define. The hymn is full of oren, was awaiting ner coming antici- - 4 of various kinds, heLmissi tenderness,and yet the strength of languagiecarries been tocomfort pauon, ana wnere sne would meet her lather and F encourage, strengthen and bless, of ccnvicTioTrTrithfre rareift is noticeable iri the writings of this eminent .UU1..C, duu mmci Leonora, 10 wnomshe was most H who labor for Zion and promote its poesall and attached, many others near and dear, U teresfs at home or abroad. She was baptized on woman, and always seemed to fall gracefully.from with whom she had labored here, and blessed and S the 5th of Aprih-183- 5, and in December ' of the either her lips or her pen. comforted. Tt is our loss, but her'P-rpaM same min ar wpr.t tn k'irHnn " . 14 . Miss Eliza R. Snow was , " ,. j "iiiimiu, auu uudiueu in me Secretary of the Relief" auduuuss ner in me labors devolving upon the M family of the Prophet, While in the Society organized in Nauvoo (of which Emma residing BUlus ,uu,c U)d" worus canien; sne was a leader. U Prophet's house she taiisrht his chilHrpn in th " an organizer, and her counsel was of the wisest J pacity.of Pres"vea tne re" V t. governess and was an intimate Mrnn,n and best. Her, judgment was par etceUcue, and fllon ol Emma, the V oph The Prophet and other " her words always choice' and wcil spoten. Her Hsojourn in the home ot the f m"1 and dignity of bearing were as 1 friendship began which manT vLrs t'ftlr h, abie in everyday life is on great occasions. Shed ward, , peneinto . , .. l possessed manvJ rarer ntts ju.y 104, miss anow, me aecre 5 : anrf arMmniiA,...,. fci uniuu , nu.xuduu ana wue in th ... in ,r Krtr, .vw.upu.M.mcuti, had the honor tary, of writing- a petition to Gov. uuuuj ie nignest derree matnmonv. Sister FJ Carlin, asking his protection for Joseph Smith. s.ble under the circumstances with which she had U and privileges vouchsafed to .the Saints in tL This petition, was met with enthusiasm, and been surrounded from time to time. The gift off Ki.tland Temple at the time of its dedication and received the uhanimous vote of the Relief Society, ' poesy may be considered the highest of her intel- - 0 on marly other occasions, when gifts and and was signed by several hundred ladies. The lectual qualities, but the influence for good manifestations of the Spirit were so richly thatj poured Mrs Emma President, 2 she for ... the exerted Mrs. Amanda Smith .1 henpfit of nth r, ,... m 7 V dsseraoiea gatrienngs in that sacred and Miss E. R. Snow Smith, her were a own committee tocall upsex, both by instruction and ex- - place. pecially on the Governor at his residence in Oufncv. 111. waS wn:u consutureo ner more truly great When the Saints moved upto Missouri .'S.ter I He received them cordially.and with than an poem she has written. Her exemplary U Elizn went tl.i.lw k k r great courtesy listened to the" purport of their visit which was Ufe and purity of .characters no. I EldeV as only, g in Far West, II presented Co. Mo. the Nicholson expressed it, "from beginning to close fti lulv. 147. Calel, by Mrs. E. Smith, and her Secretary a beautiful poem," bit was the poem of PCtUion- - The Governor"responded poems of Revere nd cruel persecutions and Sister f?11 all, in itself the. most complete and perfect. "A A I h d Rm assurances of his protection, n participated in the sorrows and affliction, Q 1 Sketch" other life and labors was published S emphatically, "L believe Mr. Smith is inno . ,oth of " cent he ladies afterwards learned that at the H during her iife.flmein.thc Exponent a few years g winter weather. Sist, F,f L .nut s iucr j very time he was giving these assurances to them, 3 - " i.'. ut'at IJLi1?- o - -- . " devo-organizatio- ns - of-thi- ,; t i- - home-trainin- . -- -- day-B-beiwe- en , . hon-ffo- with-joyo- us in-th- e ,tj 1 - UZZ " sl. . 1 self-pois-e, "f" . u..-..w.- -- - . j K tt.-- I - 1 V .,- Dos-N- - : TT , ' l - of ... -- . f Wl-- I " say-Pe- D,, --t, . T ..f 