8 '"',.. the. Women of ? Vol. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, 16. LET US WORSHIP GOD. s -- " Let us worship God in the winter, When the wild winds seek our path, And we feel the awful presence Of the Storm-Kin- g in his wrath, Let us calmly waif nor suffer Our fears to overwhelm The child-lik- e trust that crieth, "Ous Father's at the helm." --- and &h . 1 . Let us worship God in the spring-timWhen the beautiful is born, And we hear the rapturous singing Or the birds in the early nfbrn, j Let us worship Him with gladness, e, and-subje- Who out of the wintry strife Hath wrought with unseen fingers, Such miracle's of life. ; Let us worship God in the" summed, When the earth is in her prime, When winds, and the wandering breezes Have a soft eolian chime, Let us worship Him with fervor In the forest aisles and bowers, Where the angels talk with mortals' , . to-da- y r; Through their alphabet of flowers.- , - Let us worship God in the autumn. When the sighing breezes come, And, like laborers in His vineyard, Sing with joy the "harvest home," In all times Through labor and in prayer, Let us worship God, the Father, And praise Him everywhere. sin-cere- andia-aU-season- s,- Belle half-hearte- d Bush. TO-DA- "Moreover," the Lord saith, "because the daughters of Zion are haughty, and walk with bireicnea iortn necks and wanton eyes, walking and mincing as they go. Therefore, the Lord will smite with a scab the crown of the head of the daughters of Zion, and the Lord will discover their secret parts. In tbat day the Lord will take away the bravery of their tinkling ornaments, the chains and the bracelets and the mufflers, The bonnets and the ornaments of the legs, andthehead-bands- , and - the - tablets and the' earriugs. The rings the suits of changeable apparel, and the mantles ' and the wimples, and the crisping pins, The glasses, and the fine linen, and the hoods and the vails, . . And, it shall come to pass that instead of sweet smell there shall be stink; and instead of a girdle a rent; and instead of well set hair baldness; and instead of a stomacher a girding, of sackcloth; and burning instead of beauty." Isaiah, chapter III, verses xvi-xxiIn choosing this subject for v present reflection,? and writing, I do not do so cynically. Too well I realizethe condition of the minds of the ladies of the present day. They are. weak or foolish enough to think (and sometimes think 4 .ido-of-fa- e; ( v. No, 3. JULY 1, 1887. dtv.-sing- ; THE IDOL OF all Xaiions. " . Belvidere Seminary, Belvidere, N. J. Women of of-th- the reading of a newspaper or aloud) that any. one who (lares oppose, in word gression? Even zi does no t cons ti t u taijnu ch ne li tera ry jnaga - con- or ae iouis -- sel fih mental food. How very, very few.know anyservative, and every thought expressed against , is an individual and thing at all about where the paths of Intellect their manner of lead! Oh, no, .they have no time "to personal attack. I wish "to stale that in ray.'A really learn! 'And yet speak to them upon our future remarks upon .this subject, 1' am neither per sonal nor biased against those who choose to destiny and they are all wending their way, as fast as their sands of timewill take them, to "follow' fashiou." Neither am I sdhMily dewhose light and glory is- - Aho fending my own indifference to the dictates of that holy city, ; glory of intelligence. the fickle goddess. I,am unselfishly ;Uhd can''Art is long and time is fleeting." Too short didly considering the matter in as clear and impartial a light as my unbiased mind can As this life for the accomplishment of too much throw upon if. good or the acquirement of too mnch knowl-ekgbut the little life allotted us is all spent I claim that I am not conservative. Too 1 in living it and trying to' look pretty and gla'dly woul I behold the progress of enlight-love the enmentr theJadvaiicement other sex. Their admiration!- - Would not their weakness and ignorafiC'.s of the past. I have admiration for something higher and better . felt how heavily the chains of Eve have hung for be more acceptable to a thoughtful and noble upon womau. How often have I prayed ideas false from the woman? And after all, mania but mortal sex the redemption of my and aims of the past! How happy wis I, when to err, and if a woman must devote her a dreaming, aspiring girl; to think that I was time and soul to please his eye in order to win born in an age when woman would rise above his esteem, that esteem is too hard earned for the dead level of mediocrity to a higher unanything so trival and fleeting. We say trivial-fo- r the object, a handsome costume, is surely a derstanding and practise of life! I havegrown to matuier and more observant womanpoor thing to admire compared with a high, human of ideals hood, and among, the lost beautiful, immortal soul, and fleeting, ah, sisgreatness and goodness, among ths vanished ters, you who depend upon fashion to hold for dreams of trusting5 girlhood, is this one. I beyou the love of husband or lover will discover lieve that women arc more enslaved goon enough, ho at transient such love can be! God's arm is the arm to lean upon, andUie than ever before, by fetters of their own mak' ' blessing and power of heaven cannot be cajled ing. : Converse with the majority of women upon 'down by a worship of Mammon, nor the. fashthe subject of the higher education of our sex, ions of the world. We cannot serve two masand what is the response? They have no time to ters and receive the approval of both. God study. Suggest to themto teach their little ones requires a single eye of devotion unto Him, at home and not send them to school among and though we may claim that we do not place ;rougher natures while so young and plastic. our hearts upon the vain things of earth, I believe that we shall be judged more hy . They have neither .knowledge, time, inclination is. their manner of our acts than our words. Ours; i3 a religion of: nor streusth. The truth dressing and living iU injurious to the health, practise and reality more than abstract theory. and arbitrary Fashion deinandsall their leisure Many will say that our Heavenly Father is too she will accept no. worship. We great to take note of so small a thing as fashin which we most dewill know that the object ion; that He only sees our hearts and judges attenour which us that greatest requires light, by our good intentions. Yet He is not too tion and hest time, that which we cultivate great to count the hairs upon our heads and with the most persevering assiduity, becomes has he not sealed his stamp of disapprobation also the absorbing elemenLof life; in short, upon Fashion by the words quoted from Isaiah the object on in the opening of this article? Truly, He deny it as we may, it becomes TT which we set our hearts, tiow can a woman, judges the heart and many of us will be surdevoted to fashion, fancy work and fashionable prised to find how much we had misunderstood ourselves. I have seen in a. chart of the upsociety, find time to study higher thiugs, or to cultivate herself to a higher intellectual lifer ward and downward step3 of life, that good hours in each God has given but twenty-fou- r form a very, prominent part of the downward ladder. day both to the fashionable and the unfashion , be to devoted one and time if that able, thing How can the women of this people and of it cannot be to another. .True, we divide our the present dispensation, with all their professtime" between various pursuits, but one side or ions of godliness, wink at and encourage these the other must preponderate, and our minds thiugs when such sure and. dire destruction 13 in the preponderating run will, of necessity, threatened against the daughters of Zion. My ' channel. sisters we are too well fulfilling the one part of The Utopian dream, cherished by many no Isaiah's prophecy, and God will as surely fulble minds that woman shall' rise to an equality fill his part, unless we repent. Especially with man, seems little likely of realization absurd and almost criminal does this enwhile the feverish race after this stern goddess couragement seem in those who are placed to' continues at its present heat. guider the footsteps of the young; and very we the admiration censurable are also those of the other sex who should depend upon Why of the other sex, or even that of our own, for encourage by "praise and flattery this gaudy, our soul's happiness? Are there not as noble silly aims and as high paths for us to treid? Are Aside from this, how is beauty the beauty there not as great thiugs as thorough knowlwhich God created sacrificed, a3 it were, to edge required of us for eternal exaltation as of Moloch! What does the Lord mean by a our brethren? Oh, this awful ignorance! How stomacher but the cruel corset, that has caused I could ween as I reflect upon it! Do women so much deformity, misery and lessminds were created ening of life? Wear it loose? This is not merely to remain as infants in knowledge.while generally done; the presence of the corset men march on ahead of them in a constant pro- - forms too strong a temptation to wear it tight tj-th- o-1 Let us wofship Goof on the mountains, ' In the valley, on the hill, Where the wild free harps of nature' YVith the grandest music thrill, Let us worship Him with singing, And with the voice of prayer, : And, as Ht is ever present, Let us worship everywhere. -- and the Rights in-tentio- ns . life-wor- k. 1. ill-healt- h, ly ct 