WOMAN'S 50 Golden candlesticks Communion Plate. lit, and be WM rnnrllpr hut iliftv were-no- t tween these were placed, four large bunches' of white, lilies, a rare decoration in uusumuua costumes Abbey. The ladies wore .morning with bonnets, long dresses, but high "necked,and costly jewels,-.- Full and most- brilliant dres was worn by the gentlemen. ; The cosily, ladies pon magnificent co3tume3 worn" bined with the howy uniforms of the Pripees, and dnzzling appearance of the Indhm visitors and Kings and Queens,' who Jiterally blazed with iewels. all presented a spectacle never to whtr to ing ceremony the King of Heaven for His mercy and good- ness ; After the guests were all seated, a Fanfare of bthe J.l trumpets, by.the State trumpeters, announced the Queen's arrival to those inside. This was the signal "for every one to rise to their feet and remain standing till the Queen was seated. n" ordered by Tier Tjieservicetliat- for' the 'day was then gone through, Maiestv and at thacloFe tlre Oueen presented her hand V, to the Princos and Princesses- to kiss, andjn return gave them a motherly kks on the cheek. This . much, such a natural and affectionate display on the part of the Queen to her children, that verified the trutVof the statement that, "One touch of nature makes the whole world akin' The procession then reformed and returned by Parliament St. to the Palace, where Her ' Majesty. held a reception, and in the evening gave a graud banquet to her noble guests. The Queen looked very well, and wa3 atr tired in black and white. Her ornaments were diamonds, and the usual orders were worn. : ILany4riK)asrequired that Engl i;h people s could be loyal, the Queen had ample of observing,and we arc pure the most exacting person could not have had more honr-agpaid; and may the reinaiiiing yearsof lady's: 'life be amidst friends, and "in ; 3" oppor-tunitie- e that-noble peace and happiness. ;V The streets were lined with people all day, . and in the evening all traffic being stopped, the crowd was immense. The illuminations were of a very elaborate nature. Thousands - consumed that of pound'sTYortlrf-gas-Tra- s ---- night.Thed)uirdiugs thlitTvehiniliimTha7 ted were the Mansion House, the Bank of England, the Royal Exchange, Devonshire House and the Charing Cross Hotel. These were hung with tiny colored lamps, that stood out in strong contrast som bre looking buildings they illuminated. The Crown and V. K. were everywhere displayed, and one of the softest and pr(atiestflel;tswas Hie rligb Tting of private houses and gardens by these fairy Several houses lamps, as they are called. were outlined from attic to cellar with gas jets, which was effective and brilliant. Altogether London seemed transformed into a very desirable and fairy-likabode. Each one had striven to be successful, and they were. The next day, June 22nd, the children's fete took place in Hyde Park, which was crowded to excess. There were 30,000 children from various schools, and their teachers were appointed to take care of a certain number each. A drinking mug was presented "to Qaoli- child, and amusements of every description were provided for them. The m ugs were mauu tactu red by Doulton and Lou, and on either side a portrait of Her Majesty and the year of hsr accession and the date of the present one. A little girl of twelve summers, Miss Dunn by name, had v the honor, of receiving her mug from the r hands of the Queen, who passed through-thiPark on her way to Windsor. This va3 pre-- ' sented by the Queen because, for some years" . . V , t I'll!naa not once missed tne cnuu attenaing school, or been unpuuctual. No doubt t ho little maiden inwardly trembled whVn the Priue3 of :ltt-the- " e ',; ?- . 1 Elizabeth CiiKisxornEitsoN. HarrisyilleAug: 29, 1887. ANNIVERSARY. The Primary Association of the 21st Ward of this city held an annual meeting in meeting house, on Wednesday, August 24th, 1887? Mrs. Mary Davis presiding. Meeting opened by singing, "Supplication." Prayer by Sister Ellen C Clawson. Singing again, the-war- :3' Editor Exponent I feel it a duty, or more as a privilege, to 1 take pen a few of my thoughts on paper. . d of last annual meet-- i An - address suitable -f- approved. ng read occasion was given by Counselor Annie or the Steers; Recitation, by Eva Barfoot, "The Smile Triumphant;" Recitation, 'The" First Robin WOMAN'S VOICE. - Beemed-toirapres- . t;ciptnrMimites and bad-bee- '" ' Marion. -- . , . . l for the Lord to bless all the mothers in Israel. Yours in the Gospel, the Wales introduced her to tbe'Queen; who, in kindest and most motherly manner, handed to her the cupsaying, "I am glad dear child, remembrauce of my give you this token in Jubilee." This, no doubt, will be a memorable incident in the child's liferddet us hops she from the King of king3 may receive a:crmn" hereafter; this will also encourage her ompin ions to bo diligent and study carefully, and so gain knowledge, wh,ich means power. Twill endeavor to write you a further account shortly. ' ' -- EXPONENT. the count of the invitation extended through the paper. ''.., God's of branch We as a little kingdom u pon the earth have: also a little toJear with the rest in regard to persecution. Four of our brethren are cast into prison for conscience' sake. We all foel that it is hard to bear. One of the four is the Superintendent of the East. Ilarrisville Sunday School Levi J. Taylor a man whom we honor and respect, and that we all love with pure hearts. Oh; how can our Father in Heaven look upon such scenes Bui weTthow as tlis children humble in the dust, calling for deliverance night and day, the little as well as the big, the rich as well as the poor, Ho can cure this wound that is so sore and is tried so many times. Oh. Father above all fathers, comeandcure this wound of Thine humble children, for we feel there is no one else. Cry unto Him, ye children, and He will soon come from His hiding place and deliver those that love Him and keep His commandments, and His 'power shall be manifested on the mouutains to the. pure, noble and brave, aud to those that have suffered persecution name's sake shall He give a crown of glory, which no one else can wear but those that have suffered, and thev will through" all eternity. Therefore, fear not, oh ye soii3 and daughters of God,; for endless is the glory that awaits you if true here upon 'L- -. the earth. ;:-O, ye mothersin Israel ibryeumyx heart swells with. your little costly, jewels around you given from above unto you. Mother, what art thou? Art thou of no worth on this earth in this age and time?. Have you borne soW and daughters in the kingdom of God? For what purpose? Are they, to be despoiled, or destroyed by bur" enemies? Would you not rather they be taught the principles of the Gospel when around your kuees, than to see their ruin and destruction, and of no worth to you iu the eternal worlds? ; We a3 mothers aouot afford it; they are too precious for a mother to have them go to ruin; there is too much love lor them we own; next to the heart of God is our love for them, 0, ye mothers. Where is that being on the earth that posseses the love ofamother?:-A- nd this love is. pure;, therefore, oh ye mothers, are ye pure inasmuch as ye possess this love;" and inasmuch a3 ye bring up your children unto God ye are saved, and great i3 your salvationrwhich, is waiting ! for-Hi- , The , Song," Lillio Papworth; Recitation, Kingdom of Ged," Joseph Williamsr Recita- ' tion, Minnie Tilt; Song, V Learning," four little girls; Recitation, "The Battle of Life," James Woodruff; Dialogue, " Home" Manufacture" Kate Mossand Emily: Fames; Recitation, A - " fred Sylvester; Recitation, Sarah Guun; Recitation,, Gertrude Arbuckle; Itecitation, "Tho Dover;. Recitation, Orphan -- Child," - Deseret : ' 'Rowing the Boat," Emily Fames; Song, 4Speak gently, it is better far," etc., Rosia ' Davidson; Recitation, "Mind Mother," Rebecca Williams; Recitation, James Moss; Duet, Louie and Lena Walsh; Recitation, Bertie Williams; Recitation, "Truth," Alfred Sylvester; Duet, Lillie and Annie Olsen; Recitation, Walter Williams; Recitation, "I must not tease my mother," Ada I)lger; Recitation, Belle Folger; Recitation, four little girlsaverse; Recitation, "Apple Time," Daisy Westwood; Recitation, Lizzie Sherwood. e- -. I u teres t i n g-- a n d e h cou r ag i n g-- re m ark made in brief by Sisters Ellen C. Clawson, Camilla Cobb, Lydia Ann Wells, Presendia L Kimball, Erameline B. Wells, Emma Toone, and Counselor Herbert Foulger. Closing ad-- -. dress by President Mary Davis, who urged the children to attend the conference on the 17th of September, in the Assembly Hall. Meeting was adjourned. Singing, "Parting Hymn." Benediction by Counselor Eliza Schutts. After the close Of the meeting the invited guests, with" the oliicers of the Association and eisters of the ward, were ushered into the Re lief Society Hall "adjoining, where a large table was spread with a bounteous repast; fruits and flowers iu great profusion helped to beauli fy and, "grace TEe tabiea":Tffie:clj ild re it were not neglected or forgotten, and each little one was served by willing hands, and all were satisfied and gratifiedJtjvas a day of pleasure and we trust 'of projit to all gathered to commemorate the occasion. Sister Davis, and her aids and assistants, deserve the praise and commendation of the parents of the ward, for the kindly care and interest they have manifested for the little ones since the organization of this helpful, educational department of spiritual labor. 1- s-- wer . KJ , . -- : . Mary Peabody, of Salem, became the wife of the who had a head as destitute of imagination as Hawthorne's1 was full ofJtShe wrote of slave life in Cuba entitled, "Juanita," which was published 1 ast spring, 'a few weeks after her lamented death, and was the constant companion of her sister Elizabeth, who is the original promoter for you. of the Kindergartens, which Mrs. Quincy s Therefore, let us be watchful, and stand Shaw has taken under her, speciat protectionr in our places in the kingdom of God; had the fortune to wed the Sophia Peabody and leUis never alJow any wrong'to be comshy but powerful romancer, Nathaniel Hawmitted in our little circle, but with sharp eyes thorne. She was eaual to the pit.natinn. and look to the point of duties in every direction," in the "Life of Hawthorne," which has been come life or come death, aud nothing baa preyritten by his son, there is nothing more beauvent the blessings of God resting upon us. tiful than the womanly sympathy which she1 I close with a humble prayer in my heart ' supplied to the man of genius. Ex. like-guard- lale-HoraceMa- nn, the-nov- el 