WOMAN'S. EXPONENT. 70 and wise to encouruge and teach us. Let us pray for our enemies, and let us pray fjr the :C. D.mELs,8ecCongress of the nation, tha,t they rnar not be partakers in shedding innocent blood. We have every confidence in our leaders. ' We are 6T AKE, .becoming purified. Let us show the world Thfi Relief Societv Conference of this Stake that we have something better than they have .' is s follows: .:.;;'.. was held in the 14th Ward Assembly Rsoms, by living righteous lives," : Thomas Pratt, of iTildock; Andrew, the son of September L5th, ltf7f Mrs. M. L Home preSister E. It. S. Smith said, "I have learned . Thomas; Kfev. Wihiam Pratt, the soaof Andrew; siding. On the fctawd Were Coun. ). S.Taylor, to acknowledge the hand of the Lord In all Lieut. Villiam Pratt, the first Pratt seitler in Mrs. Z. I) II. Young, Mrs. 13. W. Smith, Mrs. things; in . sickness, in trials, in pain, and in M. W. Snow, Mrs. Anua Ivins, Mrs. R. R. America, the son of Rev. Wiluim Pratt; Joseph in all everything. God rule3 and over-rul- s Grant and presidents of branches. Conference Pratt, the son of Lieut. William Pratt ;' W'iiiiam, Of welfare for the His people. Do we things the son of foseoh : ChristoiiheA the sou oil -- .u pi'nt'd hy unking, "( , happy souls who pray. us here to hold sent God in view that - William; Obadiah, the son of Christopher; fired, 'Praver" by Mrs. E. Howard. Sinj'iui' "Our keep and responsible position? We? Yes, we! Roll called, 23 high God, we raise to Thee," etc. the son of 'Obadiah; Anson, William Dr. Parley the daughters of the, Most High Gdcl. Where ' P., Orson and .Nelson, the sons of Japed. presidents and 10 counselors responding. Remarks were made by Mrs, Ivins, Prest. of are we going to? Just where we prepare ourHe has revealed the three the Relief' Society of St. George Stake: "I en- selves to go! we can reach the highest if we- will. joy hearing reports; I feel we are doing a good glories; I A. ItEPOftTS. 11 S., Y. L. M. 1. A. Are we more of the things of this .work.- I have had-thhelp of the. Lord and world, orthinking are "we doing our duty? Are we liv'of some tjirood sisters, - UTAH hTAKK. ... ' " without which I "could . so as to have revelations for our own bene--fing not have done as well as I have in my labors, and welfare? We can secure the right to an The' quarterly- conference of theTRelieF So If ever we lived near tfie Lord, we should now, more than ever, these' are such perilous times, eterhal increase if we are true and faithful and ciety of Huh .Stake convened' on September live as children of God. We cannot compre2nd. 1857'. Prest. Mary John, presi'dimr. Con- we never lose anything by attending, to our hend all theVglory that pertains to this great ference 'opened by .singing and prayer. Minutes meetings. It h our duty to iearn all we can," --- redeemed work. Before Zion every-- hearts-wi- ll ofthej)reyi()Us .coujorWii be tried to the core; the Lord will have a Mrs. Grant, Prest., Relief Society 13th AVard," proved. Statistical and financial reports from tried will have to be one in everyall people; the various branches in the Society 'throughout. this city, said, "I am pleased to meet with you; ' it is good for us to meet together. I do regret thing, even to making our own clothingand the" county were also read: ', inde)endent ot our enemies. I stand 7 Sister John was 'tFiaTikTaTanYlfpIeasedto meet my not Jjeing able to hear my sisters. I visited being before you 7 as a witness of God'- s- mercy "and in Franklin, Idaho, attended Sunday School with us again. "Our reports are good. When and Relief Society, and had a very nice time. Jove. "sympathize with the weakest ' I reflect on the means that weJbaudie, I am surI look with, pleasure to the time when we can Saint; to be able to do Father's will is what I prised; it is considerable, and a great help to wish to live lor; no matter what our enemies the pour." .She desired to be humble and fully enjoy our religion, which we will as soon call us, what does it matter? We have Jesus as the Lord sees lit. We should be wise, and prayerful and diligent in all things. the Mormon motto "Mind our for our brother, let us draw near to God, and ' earnestly keep residents the of different branches in .Thep own business." We have got to put away all put from us everything that is low; let us he " the Stake gave verbaUteports of their respecawake; let us overcome all we tive organizations, showing thexerlion uithe: jealousies and envy, and everything that will will have darkness before we have light; let us tut-lo keep us" back in our duty. We should members, or the faithful lew to do all in their no" have fear fear and faith do not dwell in the j uevLer use tne worn cinX Let us try to power to help roll on the work of the. Lord, as the time was lar spent. Conference adjourned overcome our timidity; let uTleel anxious to same bosom; let us lay aside fear and have faith iu God our Father; God has a programtae and be a benefit and blessing to our sisters and to till 2 p.m. after singing and prayer. lie will carry it out; let us be thankful all the each other, and stand up and testify of the Conference opened at 2 p.m. with singing time. I will say to my sisters who go out to of the Lord to. .us; then let us and prayer. Presidents A. O. Smoot, H. H. goodness each other iu visit, set a, good example, keep the word of every good work." Ciull'and D. John were present. wisdom. I pray God to pless you all; do His Mrs. S. M. Kimball spoke on reports very will; draw near Prest. Cluff occupied some time in speaking " unto Him; there is a odorkU3 and intelligently, and said, "I clearly earnestly to us, giving good and tiuieiy advice in time in store tor us it we are faithful. regar i pray God to bless the secretaries." of Zion, jtMdre Coun K. S. Taylor very exhoting emphatically remothers to keep a strict guard over their sons M3. Kimballa prayer, anil said Go much leased to meet with you all. 1 rejoice" peated r and daugh te rs ; aid we came h e r e t h a tf we bless the ! to see Sister Eliza with us again; I feel God's secretaries for they"do want the help might raise up a pure race; spoke, also, on the of our Father." She also has been oyer her for good. I have been hand spoke on reports, word of wisdom. "Let us try to .'reform the aud absent in Mexico for some time; the climate is gave good practical instruction. rising generation. .We "as a people are Prest. Home said,;'I am thankful to see so lovely, water good, laud good for small settlelovers of pleasure more than lovers of Cod," many of my sisters out to conference. Sister ments. The Saints there feel well, and have, .etc. . ''':. "7. '. Eliza had a feeling that a hope that their reward is sure. I feel that Relief -Pf est- - John " had listened with "pleasure to : should be pruned and dead branches Society cut off." the Lord will over-r- le the colonizing of that the speakers before him. ' " We are blessed in teachers ask Ltthe the sisters what their feellauu 10 me growing ana increase of this work. being able to be here to day. The devil is full The people there are suffering some severe hardings are; do they feel to sustain the organiza.of jealousy, envy and strife, trying to thwart tion? etc. I would like'Uo say that the'ordiu-ance- s ships; necessaries very, very scarce; some quite the plans of the Almighty. If p trentsdo their of the house of the Lord are only for destitute; but still they are cheerful and hopeduties in example as well as precept in who those have been rearing through the Temple aud ful; nearly all are poor; not many rich are their families, if the child, en will not heed the received the right to sifch blessings, the faiththere; nearly all are exiles. The Relief Society, ful and humble. Let us think of these teaching, then the parent, are excusable.1' tiling Young Ladies and Primaries were organized Spoke against semli-nour. cbihJreu to outside: aud study, them. We t while I was there. I saw the not let our symravages of the schools, showing thy evil of so doing, etc. run away with our judgmeut." pathy late and I earthquake; in the fissures alsosaw Bro. Graves spoke a short time in the interConference adjourned till 2 p.m. Sinein of the earth springs come ests of the fcilk; said there had been a up, good water, and will it a ueueuiciion to prove the people; so the '' blessing by Jlrs and Counselors 'appointed for Utah M. W. iim Wilcox. Saints the hand of the Lord. acknowledge County; hoped the sifters would continue to 1 am thankful that I O ' am one with you in help-lu- g raise cocoons. Conference : arrai ii nnnno,l k.v i t,y , O ,, T HJIfl ritr to roll on this great work; when we are dePrest. Smoot made a few remarks on the silk ,"u;u,'.llc Kl'", etc. l'rayer by Mrs Jj prived of blessings we leariUo appreciate them; V. smith. Singing, -- We thank and other subjects, more particularly the God' Thee,0 let uAnot youth lor a Prophet." Minutes of ot Zion. Said, "I would like to last conference on the facefalter, tor the hand of God is moving impress upon of the earth; His work will read by secretary and go on; accepted ueuees round our brethren are in Mrs Zina D. II prison, but those who are , your chillreu to shield and protect them from pleased to nieet with Young said, "I am much , persecuting us will yet be in a prison that they evil; see what kind of company they teep; train my sisters. I have, since will have to appeal to a 1 last met with higlrer court than any you, visited the Relief Society your daughters to shun the appearance of evil, on this earth. I God to bless each of us pray lour chddreu are your glory, and you neglect yf Rexburg. and traveled to many branchea in and to the weak strengthen them at your peril. Know what and feeble." aQ(1 comforted hi g'1 meetin company "they Coun. E. S. Taylor manv are in, and that they are at" home said, "We have a very, at" earlV administering to them, though treat great at tais very healthy country. Many of 0lfr youn" hours, etc. conference; let us put in. the brethren are practice teaching we have had; let us walk Prest. Mary John said, "We will now taking hold and .honorinAhefr adjourn the in of posmons as Bishop,, while the ohW bret path duty, in the straight line of g our conference for three moat hi " n are living to counsel them. We right. Any duty He calls on us to need the good He will help us in carrying out, if we The pedigree of Lieut. Wm. Pratt, the settler can be traced backward three generations, that is to his great grandfather, Thorrus Pratt, of in Hertfordshire, who died in Feb. 1539, Just ioo years 'previous to the da'e, when tHe sellers of Hartford drew their home. .lots. The line of Hal-doc- Singing, "Praise God, from whom all flow.'' Benediction by Bishop Loveless. k, -- de--sce- - SA'LT-LAK- E nt '"'J ' ' . ' ; ; . - e i . . ' it . -- is -- . . . - I-c- an ' Tault-fiuding- ; -- -- en-coura- ge Jur 4 . 1 . : to-da- y .. . - u -- : , g m-us- new-Preside- Y1 . vt'-n- v. it do-iu- per-tor- m, 