made in the middle of a severe winter, across what was then known asthe Western Frontiers. Manv died bv the way, and their resting places are not even marked, their, deaths were untimely and their craves are unknown, save to Him who watches over all and . without whose knowlege. not even a sparrow falls to thet ground. Many ofi! It .1 those who were spared tnroug-- au me privations and hardships, suffered, from hunger, cold and fa have tigue more than can ever be told in words.they Woman 'S Exponent RMMEUE B. Editor. WEl LS; I'uWicd semimonthly, In one copy one yb .r, 420; one Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms: copy sis raoiithn, ?L00. Ten: , copies for the price of nine. lines of nonpareil ten Each rates: Aflvertlslnr jquatf,' A liberal discount $3.00." month, one per time, space, ' 6 rej,'ular.a'lvert!X'rs. second Street, No. Temple 25E..Sonth Kxpo.ve.vt office, hours frors 10 a.m gate east of Deneret News Office. Business v. o 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. to. communications business Address all " - J JZVVnU3llER Salt WQMAyEXrONENT Salt Lake City. Utah.' June 15, 1887. The present time is really an important one in the history of Utah and must certainly be socon-- . sidered by every thoughtful person. The enforceJaw has worked ment of the Edmunds-Tucke- r 'very great hardship, and has been ruinous to the. homes heretofore happy and prosperous, to of the broken hearts and blighted lives, ' ami, even cruel deaths of women and children; these may be looked upon as trifles by those who are so determined to "disestablish the; "Mormon" Church" and "wipe out polygamy" little things like these must not stand in the way, certainly not when they talk about putting to the sword but assuredly sooner or later there will come a terrible" , . ' dfFyof reckoning. The peculiar political situation of the Territory causes uncertainty in business ventures and is calculated to work the most serious injury to the best interests of those, who have striven hard to maintain a permanent condition of temporal pros-- perity for the whole people. It has not been such - -- say-nothin- - " an easy matter as some have vainly imagined to build up this country, with the few resources at hand,remembering as the. early settlers will,thatin former days everything had to be brought more than a thousand miles overland, and the facilities for making homes and ,. within reach were very few towns and cities; teams were poor, building up there-wer- e no "thorough breds" nor "fersevs and Durhams" in those: days and it was the bone a'nd sinew of the people that brought about the almost marvelous changes in these valleys of the mountains during the first few years of the Saints hereV sojourn of the Latter-da- y is It not much of a wonderthat the veritable pie of Utah should be imerestedinher welfare considering the. exertions they have made to make fhis n"desTrabIeabiding-place- t a fruitful garden, a place of refuge and peace for the weary wanderers hunted and driven, persecuted and oppressed for their religiqus belief, more than for the practice of the principles they professed. Who should be so deeply, so intensely interested for Utah, as those who actually come here and searched out this "chosen land," and planted the American flag here for-thfirst time? Reason and common sense tell us that it is bujt simple justice to consider in any country its founders. The Latter-da- y Saints love liberty and freedom, the freedom guaranteed Jby the Constitution of the United States. That freedom was denied to them, and they were ex. iled from the homes they had made on the banks of the Mississippi, where they had built up a that-transpir- , uounsmng-eit- y f ineywere-compeUe- a Whe-ri-sl dT of all they held dear to make a longjourney in- iana to a place then, unknown, that they might be free from molestation, and enjoy the rights and privileges of true born men and women. This they m in the face of difficulties and privations of various kinds, and without any spirit of hatred towards those who had cast them forth, as it were to perish, for it was a perilous undertaking with such scant preparations as could be hurriedly - 4 . . at rightfully earned an inheritance and should be least allowed some privileges, and not expected to bow meekly down and tamely submit to the dictati on 0 f t hos e who h ave come here when all was fair weather and clear sailing, on purpose to pos sess themselves'of whatever advantages the coun try afforded, after the land was subdued and made fertile, the roads and bridges made and the' wild beasts destroyed, and in their arrogance assuming, because of the unpopularity of the people, who had made the Territory, superior rights and de-- , clare themselves to be thVbnly "truly loyal cmzens" of this great and glorious Republic. The people of Utah are entitled to local ment;as the jurisdiction of Congress over understood or misunderstood there are few rights allotted-t- o those whose mis fortune it is to live in a Territory, and therefore as soon as conditions and population warrant such a step, it ought to be the duty of the people to take such initiatory steps as will open the way for their admission into the union as a state, that they may have such a standing as will give them prestige Anria" M and rank equal with others,who have long ago out. grown and thrown off their swaddling clothes, and Holden; Miss Martha JVlerldey, St, Charles; Miss Minnie and Annie Christenson, Gunnison; Miss stand on equal footing with the oldest and the "Katie Wells and Miss Annie Richards, Salt Lake grandest state in the union, so far as representation is concerned.. City. After the preliminary exercises, the afternoon was spent in feasting on the good things of There could be no more practicable or safe method for Congress to dispose of the Mormon the earth both physically, intellectually and artistl-call. Dr. Shipp has done a great deal of work in problem, that has vexed and perplexed their souls so much and so long, than to ad this way, and enters into het labors with a zeal and mit Utah into the Union as a state. Probably the energy that ensures success. She aims to have her Hon. J. Randolph Tucker would exclaim, Utah students familiar with, the minutest details of the was not a Christian country; he affirmed that this work they undertake, and not skim over the surface domain belonged to the United States, and was without dipping down intothe depths. Her teachwanted for Christian homes; he puts a curious con. ing is both practical and thorough. struction upon the term Christian when he disobs let r DrMaggtf. passed 7 putes-th- e to be eutrtfetr- their examination before Drs. Anderson, final to the term, but as he will not probably have anyoh Richards Bowers and Thursday, May 19: Miss thing official to say in the matter, not having been Edna L. Smith, Miss Mabel Park and Miss Millie returned as a member of Congress, his opinion of this city. These ladies deserve Reynolds,-al-l will not hurt the cause. And it may come to pass, great credit for their close application to the study, after all, that the long wished for boonstatehood efforts were rewarded as was shown by may be conferred upon Utah, and the people be J)ut their It is in a position to have, a voice not only in the local, their successful and brilliant examinations. difficult to fully estimate the advantages that will affairs, but in the national issues on which so much' accrue to the community in having young women of the public weal depends. However, the salvaso qualified in this branch of medical science. tion of this people does notdependwpon statehood, Dr. Shipp is an indefatigable worker, and has her not at all. It is an American idea, and has been occupation at heart, which makes her valuable engrafted in the education of all American people-i-t would ive a sort of independence that is inherteachings felt. When one enters into her work whole-soule- d her efforts aremuch more effective ent in those born in thisgreat and free Republic, Dr. M. C. Shipp has given very interesting lectures and this feeling is in harmony with the Gospel, but if temporal prosperity,suchas in public places, as well as before her class, and might possibly result from becoming a "free ' and seems to possess a very happy faculty for adapting sovereign state should lead this people away into darkness and her language to the ideas she wishes to convey error, and to become political demagogues and thereby making the sub ect clearer than do those who wrap their thoughts in too many words. then better be without it. Therefore, one should feel in this case . as in many others, that The most elaborate preparations to celebrate "whatever is is right," and after having made the Queen Victoria's Jubilee are being made in Great effort, leave all in the hands of Him who knows Britain. Royalty and titled people from various wnat is tor the best and highest of His good chosen parts of Europe and the islands of the sea are sepier wending their warthere, or have already Iandedin .fc.ng.and to be present and witness the ceremonies "EDITORIAL-NOTES- . on this joyfur occasion. - No wonder the people of victorias realm love and venerate for the her. We have been favored this season with h bouquets seen-suchas never country a lone period of of choice flowers roses, fragrant witrr peace and active prosperity as during the reign of sweet perfume, and gracefully given as tokens of mis wise and judicious woman-Quee- n and Emlove and esteem from dear friends. the press. Long may she live, to bless and tn Among rule number we recall Sisters Martha McKay, Jane with the same characteristic wisdom. Her Cowan, M. M, Barratt, Sarah Jane Cannon, example Betsy has given as much prestige to her reign as the ju- - -- thej)re-sentationwi- ll EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. ,- r, : -- - Lake City, n the Misses Wells, the Misses Young, Misses Woods, Miss Judith 'Rice and Mr. James remembered DwyerT It is always pleasant to be with such beautiful gifts, that give expression to the most delicate sentiments of the human heart. What would the world be without flowers, silent with messengers of love and friendship abounding eloquence? ' Mr. Edward W. Tullidge's play of Cromwell. V and which was written by him some years ago, afterwards, revised, will be put upon the stage at the Salt Lake Theatre, on Friday evening, June " rAh It is said bv critics and reviewers hereabout - to be an admirable work, and. that it dois the author great credit. We hope and trust be a financial as well as a literary success. Mr. John S. Lrndsey takes the leading part in the gentlemen's role, Miss Georgie riayne have-b- een leading lady. The writings of Mr. Tullidge decidedly popular in and outside Utah, and the author deserves from the pnblic a crowded house and liberal patronage, and the play itself has such merit as entitles it to be heard and seen not only here at home among bis friends, ,but ought to win for him .popularity, and. success , abroad. On Friday, May2olh, 18S7, Dr. Ellis R.Shipp's class in obstetrics passed successful examinations, Drs. W. F. Anderson, H. J. Richards and A. S. Bowers being the examining board. Certificates of study were issued to the following named Mrs. Mantie J. Shipp, Beaver; "Mrs. ladies: C.-Glove- g self-gover- n -Territories is-no- . w - . y. s over-righteou- . - rightf-fatterTiay-Sa- pp's mts par-tisna- and.-Jun- ef s, ic-cl- ass .. ' J. 