WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 46 - aDd their similarity Coronation Chair of Historical Interest. Outpeople for side' the abbey a covered way has been erected causes dissatisfaction and distrustj and," if re- bo - for the viiitors to pass through, and a grand ports are to be believed, these coins will called in. , There is also a livo pound piece, eland has been erected for .th-- members, f Parliament. The abbey is hid from view. ,The which rcallv possesses advantages, also tlie now whole of Sunday previous to th? ceremony, five shilling pieces; these latter are generally rptinp( hv hose who f?eLihern as mementos or workmen- were busy hammering and erecting ly working da this eventful yean' The editor of n Daily Tele "stamkvand were ho fiiililijifh. and it was surnrisinL to see tho graph newspaper has raised a fund in order to L'lve the children or Jndou lioard school a alaerity with which they stilled their feelings about the sacredness of the Sabbath and of it3 jete ui nonor ox me juonee. vwuiiiuuxitju-have been sent from all parts, and it is ar being a day of rest, when double wages were ranged tvtake place iu Hyde Park ou June offered. The military arrangements are now finally 22od, when the Queen has promised to drive amusn aa see authorized 'by the Duke of Cambridge, and her. it through that they may of the ing and interesting tight just now, to walk have been so arranLXiLthaUhc-whol- e roiite will be lined with military nud naval dethrough aomo of our priiieitau railway stations, such a3 Charintr Cross or Victoria; and watch- - tachments. "Westminister Hospital, which faces come to the abbey, is externally in the hands of the the arrivals of foreigners who-hawill which "London to witness the. procession, carpenters, who are putting seats all around rfrora 2Ut June on take place Buckingham the building and erecting boards for spectators. r Theso seats, like ajiumber of others, are fetchPalace sto Abbey. Here is a group of Germans, unable to .speak English, ing almost fabulous prices, such as ten guineasvainly looking "tit an interpreter to enable 'Jbr one seat, fifty guineas for a window, etc.. them to get their luggage and proceed to their hut,- -. u nlike most other schemes,-thproceeds two French ladies, hotels. Just opposite are, will fo to benefit the hospital, which nobly de who are talking to a gentleman of the same serves all the suppcyl it can get. Huudreds of and who evidently has been in , nationality sufferers are; relieved here yearly, and funds chathow they are cannot be required or given for a better cause, England some time. And unlocked and were their as if tongues tering! Viz: the renei or our sutiering ienow creatures. To lost time. meant to make for now From one end of London to the other decor up they lookthe right stands a party of distinguished ations may be seen; the tranic u enormous, who to are Indian gentlemen, the" streets are almo.:t blocked."" Sightseers in evidently "ing of royalty from the carriage which they vehicles and on foot throng the streets, omquickly enter amidst cheers froni the crowd, nibuses are crowded outside and in, and tak who have followed tho carriage' and who feel ing advantage of the occasion by doubling, and 'inclined to cheer anybody and anything conin sonic instances trebling, me ordinary iares; nected with the forthcoming event- - Now and but holiday makers, with their true English then an Indian servant may be seen with the characteristic;, grumble and pay, well knowing and red white and he stands turban, pictursque it can only be seen once iu a lifetime. out in sharp contrast to the'quietJooking dress In my next letter 1 will endeavor to tell of bur own servant and porters, who, after ' a ..little' about the ceremony of June 21st. few with a their on moments, staring hurry Marion. work calling cabs, rushing here and there with' o luggage till all the passengers are gone to their homesand the next train come3 in, when he B. S., Y. L. M. 1. A. & P. A. REPORT .same seeno is ftgaiu enacted. The countenances of the passengers arc a study, some MARICOPA, STAKE. some looking intensely happy, The conference of; the Belief. Society of the others very miserable. In the streets, in the full of life, Maricopa Stake convened at the Society Hall, parks, the hotels, every iace-seemJune 10th, 1887, commencing at 1 p.m.. rrest -- iiml it pretty scene presents ltselt to our eyes Elizabeth G. McDonald presiding- .- OpeneTF upon going in the park, to see lovely-gree- n trees aud foliage which lbrrn a'charming backby singing, "0, my Father, Thou that dwell-est.dresses of Prayer by Bro. E. Ellsworth. Singing, ground to the bright, '"Sweet is the day of sacred rest." the ladies, and ..the curious but extremely picA few remarks were then made by Prest. turesque dress of the foreign visitors. MeD.Miild, expressive of her pleasure in meetQueen Kapiolani of the Sandwich Islands. and the Princess and suite have arrived and ing with the sisters again under sux-- favorable are staying at one of the Wist cud hotels. The circumstances. Roll of officers was then called, Indian Prificcs are the guests of the Queen at which was" generally responded to. Minutes Buckingham Palace. The King of Denmark, ot previous'confereuceread and approved ReKiug and 'Queen of the Belgians, King of ports were then called for from the different branches of the Stake. Mesa was represented Saxony, King of the Helenas, have also arrived; also a representative from tho Pope, and by Prest. Mabel A. Hakes; Lchi, Prest. Lizzie MeDonald; Almy, Prest. Ann Kleinman; many others too numerous to mention. All the children of Cueeii Victoria will be presen t, Kempe not reported; Papago, Coun. Savage. aud most of her grand:childrenT and will tako Their .reports .were very encouraging, showing the branches of the Relief Society in thia dis-tapart in the procession as well ai the jorigu visitors, Rotten Bow, the fashionable country were trying to keep in the track is unpleasantly crowded, theatres are of their more fit vored sisters in the far north. After a few remark-- by Coun, Morris," Bro. Willed, garden parties are being given, and enjoyment and festivities are having, full sway. Henry Rogen made some very interesting rehas returned to Windsor, and is marks. 'Had been .much interested in there-port- s . The Queen and proceedings thus far. Said the time Maily giving dinner parties and receiving addresses and deputations of congratulations. The had come when jveJiad all got to stand for ourPrince and - Priuces3of Wales have" a house "selves; we know the Lord ia on our sider Spoke of being in Plicpnix and meeting , full of visitors, and surely such a number of kings, queens, princes and princesses never nut Triitle; also Govcruol- Zalieh. "The one signed before. the law disfranchising our jeople, the other Westminister Abbey ii finished and its usual signed the bill ivpu Hating both' have is quito altered. From the 11 to recc their made the the one to eivlless aspect jor rd; infamy, the other to everlasting houor. The Lord has ceiling, scats, covered with red cloth, have been erected for the accommodation of the favored brought u3 to' this land for a purpose; we must ones who will be permittcd.to witness the State sanciify the land by, our good works; let us A dais has been erected for the strive to obtain the welcome ceremony. plaudit, 'Weir royal family, and Her Majesty will 6ccupy the, done!' " lMt proud of the sisters; they were half-sovereign- - . i . - f. fr paid-doub- s . -- ve - - West.-aiuiste- e -- be-gues- t3 . yu laugh-iugSOme.ciyin- g, doing a good work, and were a great help in the Stake, Was glad to meet with them fn Lord to bless ; their conference aud prayed the - : "'' "' them in their labors. Bishop Oscar, Stertart felt that the Priesthood . of God was in thejand, and they had a powerful backing in the sisters. Said the Spirit of God hid prompted him to come to this country,, and the opposite power should not draw him out.- - ' Eh us retain our integrity to the cause -- , ' " ' J of trufh."" Bro. Charles Allen had listened with the greatest tafisfaction to what had been said. Said the sisters w;ere a great help to the brethren.' "Ave have got to pass through - trials, but the God nstaiu'us" if we are jaitniui.0 uave many vaiuame instructions, vhi6hwerc cheering and encouraging to his hearers. . . Bro. A. F. Stewart said, "All these Associations were necessary for the carrying on of the work of God." Compared them to the wheels of a watch; each one was necessary to the other. Bro. Ellsworth had really enjoyed the" meet ing ami the remarks of the sisters; thought brethren speak many of them could beat-thmission this established ,was for an ing; thought 'Xadian missiohfjand it was theduty of cli and every one to help sustain it. Spokeof the" duty of mothers in the training of their children. "Those who have done their duty in this', direction are our faithful sisters, those who at-- , tend our meetings, and are always on hand to of-heaven- e dogood."v Officers of the Stake were then presented to the conference and unanimously sustained. Prest. K G. McDonald said how necessary it was to keep thoSpirit of God in our hearts iu every position m life. Gave good instruction in regaru to tue raising oi our cnuuren, an i teaching them day by day. "Remember those where the head of the house is away; the situation of these sisters is not always understood - Bore testimony that this is the Church and Conference adjourned for Kingdom of God. three months. Singing, "God moves in a mysterious way." Benediction by Henry "Rogers. Saiuii UTAH M. Pomekoy, Sec. STAKE. s " many-colore- h hi 3 - - - Minu te3 of the uUTirtcrly conference of the. held June 27tir Sister John 1887, presiding with Couuselor Emily G. Cluff, Sisters Home and Zina D. H. Young also present. Conference opened by singing and prayer; reading of minutes of Relief Society-of-Utah-Stafc- e, former conference etc. . Sister John felt pleased that we had Sisters Youu and Home with us who are able to edify and instruct us. Wo live Jn a momentous. age but the Lord is with 'his people etc. Sister Emily G. Cluff said, we have a great deal to encourage, bless and oomfort us as a people. I am pleased to have the sisters with U3 to day, and we ought to strive to attend these meetings. If we try. we can so order our work that we can gain time to attend, meeting and will be blessed in so doing. : Sister Zina Young was very - thankful to meet with us again; had not met with us since many of our dear sisters have been called away to work in a wider sphere of usefulness. Our show that ive are humble and willing reports to work. We areweak but God is ourlhelper.-T- he path is plain before us; let us each watch our own feet; let us strive for the Spirit of God for when we have His Spirit our senses are satisfied. We can receive through prayer great blessLet U3 cultivate the spirit of meekness and ings. kindness and b2 saviors upon Mount Zion etc. Sister Home said, it was somg time since ahe had met with the sisters inProvo. Thought we wTere blessed in these meetings; we can build and be; built up and if we would be more punctual In attending these meetings, we should gain spiritual food; we each have our own '.- - ... 