WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 8 She has been a faithfufdaughter, And a noble Saint indeed; AH her friends will sure remember," Some kind act that she's revealed. often are looked upon as a disgrace, and are left to die or murdered -'-.-. Of the three daughters whom Longfellow 1 f Oh! her parents, how they miss her, , iWt dear girl they loved so well; will remember-- They her kindness ine in that beautiful poem, immortalized alone remains un; Twilight Hour," Alice in-told "Craigie house married. She lives at Cambridge with her. bachelor uncle, Rev. he Samuel Longfellow.' f- - . t While upon the earth they, dwell. ' She has set a good example, One that's worthy of the just; Being faithful to her duties, And in God she put her trust. ; 1.1 v ! Pate.nU have beeif granted to women during the week ending May 24th, 1887, 'as follows: Emma "II. Kre, Dockport, Texas," Artificial fruit, foliage, and flowers.1 Marion II. Kerner, New York, N. Y., Combined eraser, polisher, and stamp. ' j RE. THOMAS . mmsiplii, " ' ' ; ..- - " ' SALT LAKE CITY. ' Cecilia Kirk. - - Harriet Ironing-board- . ""MorisT Burlingame, Kansas, ANOTHER A I IT CRAZE. ladies The latest art work is among known as the "French Craze" for. decorating Lis Jometiii Dg entirely ware, et ct ;ch i na , gl is both and profitable and fascinating. It ncic, is very popular in New York, Boston and other ' Eastern cities. "To ladies desiring to learn the Ari, we will send an elegant china placque (18 inches,) handsomely decorated, for a model, together with a box of material, 100 colored designs assorted in flowers, animals, soldiers, landscapes,, etc., complete, with full instructions, upon receipt of only $1.00. The placque alone is worth more than the amount charged. To every lady ordering this outfit who encloses, the address of five other ladies interested in Art matters, to whom we can mail our new catalogue of Art Goods, we will enclose extra d and without charge, a beautiful 30 inch, .c , placque. Address, Tho Empire News Co., Syracuse, r N. Y.- - J send for publication an obituary on the death of Sister sixty-tw- o Wary Baugh Ilaslem, who died May ist, 1887,' aged came years. She was born in Shropshire, England; to St. Louis, America, and was married' April 10th, 1843; was baptized in 1848, and came to Utah in 1851 with her husband, settling in. Iron Countyhelping to build up the interests' of the Church, always prominently lending a help-- ;' with her husing hand to the sick and distressed in unison band. She was an acquisition tcTany place, and a blessing 1o any county ShewaTaTTexempUfy wife and mother, an able and efficient teacher in the ward Relief Society, but her labors on earth are finished. The "Relief Society officers and members, forming a cortege, with her sorrowing family, followed the casket containing the body to the meeting house on foot, and afterward in vehicles to the grave. ,The Elders spoke of her pure life and many virtues,, consoling the mourning family with the hope of our reunion in the 's world to come. Nothing will be forgotten of Sister good deeds, but the perfume from her loving actions will cling, to her memory to the end of time. Wellsville, joint of meat may be kept many days by wrapping it loosely in a fine cloth wrung but of vinegar and hanging il in a draft of air. If the weather is very warm the doth should bt moistened twice or even thrice a day. A Rub with salt and pepper and place in pan, adding .one pint of water to each five pounds of fish When about half done season with salt and pepper, one. teacup of flour, a butter, parsley and thyme. The seasoning, if convenient, can be stirred into a pint of oysters, or, in place of oysters, six eggs, sliced, may be used. Serve with the gravy in the dish. -- ' To Stew Fish. half-poun-d hard-boile- d ; TRIBUTE. OF RESPECT. In behalf of the Y. L. M. I. A. of the Fourth Ward, Salt Lake City, to the memory of Eliza Alice Worthen! who was b9rn Feb. xalh. i8'33, died Mav I4th, 1887, and was ine daughter o.t yhn and Mary E. Worthy She was an active member of our Association, a teacher, in the Sunday School, a pleasant and agreeable acquaintance, a true and "affectionate daughter, and well respected by her associates and friends. We deeply regret the loss of her presence, but desire to acknowledge the hand of the Ixmi in thi;as in all other: things and. we earnestly hope and pray that the spirit of consolation may be abundantly given to her bereaved friends, that their sorrow may be lightened by the hope of a happy reunion with their loved ones in the life to come. bWrt Sister Eliza's gone and left us, Her great loss we deeply feci, ' But our God has not bereft us, H e can all our sorrows heal. Sz CO., TINNERS, CAS, WATER & STEAM FITTERS Agent for RUMSEVS celebrated LIFT and FORCE PUMPS. Pumps Repaired on sbo't notice. Orders trom the country promptly responded to. ' 303. 2 ALT LAZE CITY.?' 3rAddia.- TlTID.JAME3. 8 - - June 2nd, i4l-J a- - e-- Le ath am this I .- - and by the Relief Society or send for publication a tribute of respect to'the ry GGnds, Notions, Groceries -- ed, " goodjSMcle afVer IMPORTERS AND JOBBERS OF.... - ward, memory of our beloved President, Sister Ellen B. M. Whiton, who died April 25th, 1887, at the age of seventy-tw- o years. She wa baptized in the year 1852; emigrated in 1853 from her home in Lancashire, England, to these valleys of the mountains, where her husband, Henry Morafii was killed by the Indians "in 1856. She subsequently married her present husband, Israel Whiton. On the 4th of July, 1868, she was called to the office of Treasurer for the Relief Society of this ward; in 1873 she was" appointed President, which office she held at the time of her death.' Sister Whiton was an earnest, energetic worker in all things connected with this place; ever ready with her counselor her means to attend the bedside of the sick and the couches of the dead, to see them laid away in the proper" cerements of the grave She died as she had lived, with the love and esteem of all who knew her. The Relief Society officers, teachers and members followed the casket containing all that was mortal of our beloved sister to the meeting house, which was packed, everyone showing respect to the remains., of the honored dead. The Elders 01 the ward paid tribute to her many character and as if God delighted to honor, Apostle John I. Sm.th happening in cur city, came..withconsobWords . and beaufful Ueas, showing the benefits and uses of death the dark -- er connecting and amalga! the deadrtaking away our selfishness fo the lungs of,his Lfe alone, our hearts to those turning ho have . this life and gonc out tQ fished fnends in world beyond the grave.' . "Peace to her ashes ! lU lored Needs not of mortal praise. Her memory works abide; And she, with all whose lives are fashioned by The unadulterated Gosptl mold, Will live eternally where Christ 'shall' reign." JANE S' LEATHAM- WellsviUe, May a?l l887. 27 0 SALT LAKE CITY, Utah. 1887. the-deceas- 1868. o Being requested by the bereaved husbancTahd adopted daughteroL ESTABLISHED OCTOBER, n "She is 'notfead; yet death has, done its work; It came, but not in ghastliness it, as A kindly porter, .set the gates ajar,' v And he stepped forth, leaving 4he tenemen- tA breathless corse, that slumbers in the tomb; 'Twas worn and weary and it needed rest. No faith, nor prayers, nor the heart's yearnings, The loving and beloved, could longer bind That mighty spirit in an earthly form." HOUSEHOLD HINTS. made by stirring two heaping of inter "oatmeal a little cold water, then stir tablrpoonfuls with a quart ot boiling milk, flavor and pour into molds to cool; cream or jelly may be eaten with it. JAMS3 Has-lem- ' A delicious B.ILTHOMAS " .. .. is" Retail Cash House I ; e - Editor Exponent: gold-tinte- blanc-niang- The Leading OBITUARIES. HEAVY AND SHELF HARDWARE, GLASS AND QUEENSWARE, ELEGANT CUT GLASS, AGRICULTURAL i - TOOLS AND IMPLEv MENTS, v CLOTH AND CLOTHING, PURE DRUGS AND CHEMICALS, CARPETS y. AND WALL PAPERS, ALL "...I" - GRADES AND NEWEST DESIGNS. 1ST We carry a larger and more complete Stock than any house In the west. 8 . ELDREDCE. Supt. H. T Special to the Ladies. AT TEASDEL'S latest and pioductlons Will be found the styles in f - - LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES, And an elegant assortnienf of GOODS; Special department for Ladies' Misses' and ant's Shoes. . 112, 114, 116, In. IIS East Temple Stre ' T i 