WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 1.41 i in the afternoon, ancj later on gantly served early . After singing, and-- a an informal meeting A. Sister Freeze; Sister Home, Mary prayer by to been conduct the meeting; appointed who had made'a few open lngjejrjar .'ter Zina on her 'havungJjeached theageof sixty-si- x years, and having had such a fruitful experience in the Church, and said many good and pleasant things, and concluded by wishing her many happy returns of tHcla7,"anor joy to over" flowing; Sister alluding to the intimate association of Sister Zina and herself, these m.inv years,.their labors together in the Church, and, laying her hands upon Sister Zina-'- liead, pro nounced upon her an impressive blessing, in which she earnestly, implored her to take care of have hea'th her own tabernacle, and vigor of body, and strength of mind to pen-forthe mission which had been given her to fill before she. left the eternal worlds. Sister Julia Howe made some excellent remarks, and related a few incidents" that had transpired during her recent visit to her native countrv realized that her friends were genuine in their appreciation and acknowledgement of her labors, of love among the people. She is a woman of intense sympathy, and specially gifted in ministering to the sick, and --comforting' the sorrowful. We are to eLSurecl there; whom she has many given consolation, and . advice, as. well as ministrations of love in sickness, that will join with those assembled on t hat day n wishi ngji e r mtt y blessing which the Lordbestows upon His faithful .daughters. was-held'- s - that-sheMiiig- . " ; ht m (England) where she had the opportunity of meeting several clergymen and peopie ofnote, with whom she conversed upon our doctrines. Sister E. B. Wells made, brief remarks, and read a few verses "she had comuosed for Sister Zinain-1872- . Dr. E. S. Barney read a poem composed by Dr. E R. Shipp for the occasion, which give in full: we - , LOVINGLY INSCRIBED TO SISTER ZINA D. II. YOUNG, OS IlKR SIXTY-SEVENT- II iniiTHDAV. Dear Aunt Zina! what fond emotions swell At 'sound of that dear name, we love so well; Our hearts expand with love whene'er it's heard In homes both far and near, a household word From lisping infant on its mother's knee To sage and bard, from every land and sea, All honor hr; Ay, more than that, we i.ove! Who has not felt her inspiration move The truest, deepest tendrils of the heart, And thrilledrwith words whose1 holiness impart- So much of comfort, hope and heay-enlpeace; And through her aid goodworks will e'er increase -- y Ox Monday-- February 7th, a little party of sisters were gathered at the residence of Dr. xMaggie C. Shipp. Cordial greetings and general conversation was indulged in, and the guests partook of refreshments, including delicious ice cream,' after which Sister Zi'na D. II. Young wasappointed to preside "over the meeting. A hymn was sung,, and prayer was offered by Sister H. Wells,-anafter singing again Sister Zina made a few remarks, and then' called upon the sisters in their order as they were seated arOund the room. With one or, two exceptions every one present spoke a Tfewwords at least, expressing" their feelings and 4ippreciat ion of the i i ttle intervie w, blessi ng-S- i ste r Shipp, and rejoicing in the faith of The Gospel, and in the victory gained in the Snow case, of which news had just reached us by telegram frpm . -- ' : Washington. Sister Mary A. Freeze made a very eloquent speeech, alluding to her association with the Sisters Shipp, and the beneficial influence to hen, elf through their friendship, encouragementand interest in her welfare. Her remarks were fresh, original and inspirational, and must have been particularly so to those, from whom she claimed to have received such an impetus' for good. Sister Maria Y. Dougall seemed much affectod "when she rose to speak, and the spirit of prophecy, which has more than once rested upon her of late, inspired her words, and she- broke forth in that gift to the" edification of. all present. Sister Maggie Y. Taylor, Edna Smith, Loufe Taylor and Phebe Y. Beattie, who have not been sp .much in the habit of speaking in public as some others who were present, bore good testi monies, and manifested a desire to improve opportunities- for spiritual development. Sister M.J. Shipp of Beaver, though seemingly very diffident, bore a good testimony. There was a good spirit and feeling, and all felt blest in coming together and speaking to each nftifM- wnrrl; n f encouragement and blessing. The meeting was dismissed with prayer by Sister Mary A Freeze, and each one mustliave felt benefitted rejoicing.. and strengthened by the little season-oOn Tuesday February 8th, Sister Elizabeth Stevenson, of the 14th vvara, ceieoraieu ner She invited a lew ot ner inumaie birthdav. friends to dine, at her hospitable home, and spend the afternoon and .evening. There was no programme, but many were the congratulations and and ultimate good wishes for her future happiness success in her notIe endeavors to do good. She is an admirable hostess, and the dinner, which was excellent in every particular, was handsomely a relish that could served, and partaken, of with . not be mistaken. From the dining room the guests were shown back into the parlor, and after some desultory mnversation, Sister M. Isabella Home was nomi After singing nated to preside over the meeting. fferpd hv Sister Mazsrie nvmn., uidyci 3 -, , , c. j ; - Companion faithful, too, of Urigharrr Young With him for years she labored, and has sung The holy truths revealed by God to man:-'- -. And aided by her faith and .works the "Gospel plan. In Israel a mother good and just, Faithful and true to every sacred trust; ' With sympathetic words and counsels wise, She ever helps the sorrowing souls to rise; The burden of her own and other's cares She's borne in' meek submission; faith and prayers; Her name will stand to all a beacon light, For in our hearts 'tis written fair and bright. '' ' Inteeble .words we would a tribute pay Of love to her on this, her natal day; And breathe a fervent prayer to heaven, That health and strength and- peace to her be given; Her joys increase, her days prolonged To see God's chosen peopte crowned; And she, among that choice and honored band, Be crowned a queen in the celestial land - v - - Salt Lake City, Jan. 31st, '1887. : LE.-K,Sii- iEr - Remarks" were made by Dr. R. B..Pratt,S. M. SisKimball,Lucy B. Young and others, including ters Mary A. Freeze and Zina Y. Williams, whose presence among us once more,after their sojourn in other parts,seemed quite inspiring. The parly was name a very pleasant one, and Sister Zina, whose is a household word throughout Zioc, must have .... - f - - . . ters Horne, Z. shortpeeciieswexenduuj Mun,,i, D.-H.-Y-oung, J5.-- W W Snow. S. M. Kimball, II. a. wens aim umci, sister) including Aunt Ann Richards (a very aged and Howe Jane Sisters Maggie Y. Taylor, Julia Many blessings we.c p.uu.uuu c..c,-.- trr thp ;itprs rnresent, and UpOn SlSier OtCVdioua of her labors of love was a graieiui af,.Stevenson awarded her by all who spoke. Sister. Richardson. . - . i . i the-soul- - . .... j ...... - T - - . . .'. , I ot tne rgtn MiiKTiNu or tne Keiier society aru, in nouor otMster r.iiahein uuncason s birthday anniversary, was held in the Society Hall, on Saturday alternoon, Feb. 2lh,,Commenc- p.m., .wis. o.ii.ui iu, iMiiiiiau iitsamif;.. iiij; .11 After singing, .prayer was otfered by Conn. W. L. Binder, and after singing another hymn, Brest. Sarah M,r Kimball made-th- e opening. address, in which she stated that Sister Duncason was the fust. woman appointed to preside ovcrta quorum of" teachers in the Relief. Society, and that she had . ever been a faithful laborer. v 1 . d - the cause of truth, Her hairs have silvered Since yielding it obedience in her youth. The Prophet Joseph Smith, in early years, "Was her true friend, who shared her joys and tears; Arrd when the wicked sought to shed his blood, Firm and unwavering to the truth she stood; -in 1 , 15-- i'i 1 s J J; d,' .i.'.r . - Eliza-followe- responded gracefully to every po'od wish ami feeling expressed in her behalf, and invited all present to come again iu one year to celebrate her jubilee, the 50th anniversary of her '"birth, and bring with .it mem ineir nusuanus. mis was speciail y;;jigniti- cam,-aamong uiose pieseni were several Avnose husbands were, in exile, and some of the.m in: foreign lands. The enjoyment, we do not hesitate n tn with 1ins:ti;; in;! ini,.vit..ami tt u"i all felt it had lieen a season of refreshing to -- her pleasure in meeting with the sisters to cele- - brale Sister Duncason's birihd.iy; thought it to honor those who fulfilled the duties en ht was-rig- 1 nJ tU.. ! Kl 'Sister Duncason in her basket and in "her store, in her incomings and outgoings, that she might live long' to do good to the- poor ' and needy. Lord to rest u pi) n -- s - . Prest.'S. tee, presented Sister Duncason with a handsome and comfortable easy chair. Sister Ann Brown, aged eighty seven, spoke a few words and blessed the sisters. Sister M. W. Snow occupied a few moments; thought Sister Duncason was one of the honored women of these days, and asked the Lord to bless her in the future with health and comfort . referred to the kindness of Sister Kimball, and asked the Lord to bless her, and hoped all present would have oil in their lamps, and be r prepared to meet the bridegroom. Sister B. W. Smith felt happy to meet with the - SlSlciS to iKJiioi oi.irei uunraOTi; ajwuc ui: wic organization of the Relief Society in the Prophet Joseph's day; thought women were as willing to live the principles of the Gospel 'as men were; they had duties to perform as Well as the brethren. Felt to bless each one present with all her power. Sister M. Lois Morris made some good re. Kimball for her endeav- marks, and blest Sister , . c:i.r-r- . t "i. uum ors to inaKc oisiei, ivuucaMm .uajjy uu Inci r.OtU : , birthday anniversary. . :...J ' nf ihp n'ard. snnke of the benefit the Relief So ciety had been to the ward, not only in looking after the poor, but in their donations towards building the meeting house, and other public ex- .perises; felt that the labors of the sisters were apcellent remarks, andj blessed Sister Duncason with health and strength" of body, that she might ... live to do good.; Sister. Ann McAllister spoke of the humble and good spirit which had always accompanied Sister Duncason; hoped we would all prove worthy of eternal life. " . Sister Ann Duncason said, "We have been, co workers for a long time." Thanked the Lord for tUa Tr'ti:et,rnf ccnrOOirnnrl trv thf nnnr ' hnhpfl we ..w..--would all stand firm and faithful in this life, and that we might soon see those that are in exile now, liberated, and asked the Lord to bless and com- ToTtthir"SaihTsT D :snri ssed" with'sfngingrand-- a benediction was pronounced by Sister Home. Delicious cocoa, chocolate, sandwiches and cakes, of which we had the pleasure of partaking, were served to all present in the most graefu manner by some of the young sisters Mrs. Julia Taylor, Miss Lizzie Kimball and Miss Minnie Grey who seemed to take great pteasure in wait- - 1 i 1 :, . 