WOMAN'S ' EXPONENT. THE BURIED FLOWER. After dinner ...... A That o ' Where are now the flowers we tended? .Withered, broken, branch and stem; Where are now the.hopes we cherished? Scattered to the. winds with them. ye,, I T i ' As the modest blossom trembles At the wooing of the bee. - . The mission to which we, as officers of the Associations, have been called is a most impor- tant one, and should be accepted as a labor of honor and love. The training and educating of the future -- men Ziorhas beerrcommittedlo our care, and this great responsibility specially in such an eventful day as this, demands our most careful rad"cmisTderate attention, for the children who now compose the Primary Associations will, in a few short years, be the representatives of the greatest cause on earth, and the reason of success or failure, in the battle of life, will be followed back to the moulding of the tender mind by the influence brought to bear by those whose duty it was to teach and train them in their : Presidents should, therefore, study the situation, and make their mission a reality and not I fling my spirit backward, And I pass o'er years of pain; All I loved is rising round me, All the. lost returns again. Brighter, fairer:far than living, With no trace of woe or pain, Robed in everlasting beauty. Shall I see thee once again, jouthi By the light that never fadeth, Underneath eternal skies, a mere name. When the dawn of resurrection Breaks o'er deathless Paradise? Our duty docs not consist in alone conducting the meetings of the children, and then throwing off all interest as to them elsewhere, but Selected. we should seek to establish an influence among them that will draw them to us in all our asso- WELCOME TO PRISONERS FOR CONSCIENCE' SAKE. . Under the auspices of the Relief Society of this place, a party was tendered to the brethren lately arrived at their homes from the prisons ad.PetroituJl Large tables were spread, loaded with Ihe" ciations together. Our example before them should be such as we would.. be proud' to. have them follow, and we should consider every act of ours a pattern for them. into our be should put Life and variety and be interesting meetings, that they may a desire to read iu that older profitable; and -- d may. be created w hile and -- inform 1 he mi.iV ,.e uuaj.cuj-u:i:... TI.t v u fest-. -- aeu - t iui good things of this earthTd'hearlyalKthe" 1'ounir wesu as iuo i'ww a bucu tew in a dook?, good people of the ward were gathered, and partook Series," "Juvenile Instructor'' and in the festivities as a token of love and respect others of like character. for the integrity shown by the persecuted that every Primary As-- , d We are very endure would who rather hardships brethren, in the Stake should have a library of its lVprison than yield to any unjust measure or eociatiou own which may be obtained by a perpetual enactments ; j- - iu-moti- congressional binding conscience and demanding the abandonment of a law and order revealed from heaven. The brethren are enjoying their liberty in full . Juliette jf T : month from offering cf abjut five cents per each member of the Association. condi-tio- n Dear sisters, that we may know, the of each Primary, and be enabled to make rs faithful." 7 ! - -- Primary-Associatio- and-womem- measure. fifty-sixt- h Not having had of visiting ns all the in the Oneida Stake through the past winter, we feel it our duty to addresb a few lines to you on the sub ject of Primary advancement. V ! -- e si-tc- Where are they who gave-th- e impulse To fhy 'earliest thought arftTfiow? Look across the ruined garden All are withered, dropped, or low. 4 A pleasant and enjoyable-surpriswas given to the Secretary of the'Relief Society of Loa, Piute Co., Sister Sarah Jane Blackburn, on 7, her birthday, Tuesday March 22nd;-188by the Relief Society and Young LadieV Association, of Loa, About fifty persons were present our worthy Bishop, E. H. Blackburn, and sons and grandchildren - and friends of long standing, who have stood the trials and hardships of this people, and are williug to stand more for the Gospel V sake and their " own. At 2 o'clock the tables were loaded with the good things of this earth, which we humbly thanked our Heavenly Fatherfor. Sister Sarah wa3 the" recipient of several handsomo of the presents from her husband and Relief Society. Sister Sarah thanked the brethren and sisters, and said it was a complete surprise to her. Expressed her appreciation and gratitude for their honor to her. There was a good spirit, and all returned home feeling well and benefited by meeting ogetheiL4o - honor- - ono- - soworthyr noblo and - Dear Sisters: ! interpretation of HONOR TO WHOM HONOR IS DUE. Primary Associations in the Oneida Stdke of Zion: O my heart ! that once so truly Kept another's time and tune, Heart, that kindled in the morning Look around thee in the noon in JBoise. Of the Presidency of the Primary of the OnVida' Stake. To the Presidents of the . Editor Woman'sExponent: Parkinson, Elvira CIRCULAR. Sever'd were it seyer'd only By an idle thought of strife, Such asjime may knit together; Not the broken cord of life! M. Lucy Ingrid Graiiam. 'tis sad to lie and reckon All the days of faded youth, All the vows that we believed in, All the words we spoke in truth. O . vx ! r " v' Never shaken save by accents O 1 spersed music, were given. Good ad- vice, and cheering remarks, were made by the speakers. In the evening the people enjoyed themselves in dancing, singing and music, until alter 11 o clock, when all weut home well satisfied with their r day. Next day all the children of the ward were t similarly treated. It was a creat sbht to w cujan . cnuuren Iroui . tou.If to tWP I'P mwl a '.ill It wuic tt,iuwe f oiaer, mingle in the dancing;8ing-mg- , recitations and other amusements." President of the Y. 31. rB0VM-- ' this Stake, was present on the occasion and with his cheerful voice and wise counsel helped to highten the glee and merriment, as well as to eive substantial tmnti sel and. advice. The Exponent is ever welcome, and its "con tents are carefully preserved. Always prayinsr for the welfare of Zion nnrl her inhabitants, and. especially praying for the exuea ana imprisoned tor conscience lake, I am, as ever, Yours obediently, '". 0-- . too, were flowersye dear ones! Nursed in hope and raised in love, Looking fondly ever upward To the clear blue sky above; ' Smiling on the sun that cheered us, Rising .lightly from the rain, Never folding up your freshness Save to give it. forth jigain: , 7 Voices of nty lost companions, Lying deep beneath the snow, . For out an accurate report.for our quarterly con- feences, it is very necessary that we receive a1 report Irom every ward, so please do not fail to make out your reports as soon as possibly, after receiving: them, and send,, them .in to Sister, Elizabeth Hale immediately. Our earnest endeavors to magnify our calling will be acceptable unto he Lord, and will most assuredly be fraught with great success,-; in the assist to us tr iiniug the L)rd Praying of we main, n Zim, youth Your sisters in the Gospfd of Christ, A. b-- Ofrt hear the angel voices have thrilled me long ago, was "vci, tue meetinc nouso profrrammp hr? Kn nrand.mi and under the irprtmn'nf w k r w LHJ v 1M. iJ. 1. . , i. the late P interl was cleared. In the silepce of my chamber.,' When the night U still and " deep, And the' drowsy heave of ocean Mutters in its charmed sleep; 171 A Primary picnic was held BiAckijurn. . at Loa on the 25th of Mirch, President and Counselors present. " -Me-tt0-aTTrrhadOTtationrsong3aTid dialogues. A good spirit dwelt in the hearts of the little 'folks. Our worthy Bishop was present, whom we were pleased to have in our midst. The children came with their bright, sunny faces. Their President is always pleased, to meet with them. We then adjourned our meeting until 2 p m . during which time the children played games. We were called to gether again, and the little girls set the tables; there were numbered sixty children. . After dinner we all had an enjoyable time in conversation. Dismissed with prayer. "All went home feeling benefited by meeting with the children and trying to entertain and instruct the youth of Zion in the ways of .the Lord. : Juliette Blackburn, Prest. Mrs.Tjogan gives a striklog instance of the discrimination made iu the' pay of government clerks on account of sex. She says: "No lady, is allowed the same salary in the higher grade of clerkships, no matter how well she fills the higher" salaried desks, and many of them are in those positions, but do not receive a 1. nay, as an luasirauon.-j- i .nas nappenea. that in cases of illness or disability ot men clerks, their wives performed the duty.of their husbands, drawing in their name the salary as if they had performed the work. In one case the wife kept up her husband's desk for three years, during his illness, receiving the $1,800 per annum, and thereby supporting the family; but from the day of his death, though she continued the same work, her salary wa ' nine ' ' hundred!" to-da- y I 