WOMAN'S EXPONENT. LINES 91 One more at home! This not home, where cramped in earthly mould Our sight of Christ is dim, our love is cold; But there, where face to face we shall behold, , Is home and .heaven! . is To'THOSR WHO ARE CAST' INTO PRISON FOR THE jGOS PEL'S SAKE. ADDRESSED 1 . to-da- Adieu, sweet homes, we must bid you adieu, Dearwives and children; ind hasten from you; The thoughts of a prison extorts a deep sigh, -Our hearts, sink within us, to high heaven we cry. w " v The - stripes in our clothes not long shall we wear, robes of bright glory shining and fain With a crown on our heads that Will dazzle the sun, And from glory to glory eternally run. Mrs E. G. Williams. , March ist, 1887: - Farmington, ' The Jady is eighty-tw- o years old, and belonged to the that wai organized in the Church by first Relief Society " Joseph Smith "the Prophet. SORGUM. "One less on earth! Its pain, its" sorrowTTand its toil to share; One less duly cross to bear, One more the' crown 6f ransomed, souls to wear, ' At home in heaven ! . -- One more in heaven Another thought to brighten cloudy days, Another theme for thankfulness and praise, Another link on high our souls to raise . To home and heaven ! ! " muse will inspirerWith 'bread and lasses" what can compare, In the heterogenous bill of fare; What can so touch up the rosy face, And "fix" the Sunday clothes and lace? I onceknew a girlie with bright black eye, That afterwards made the lovers sigh, Turn from a sumptuous Christmas dinner,. Andbeg mama for "lasses" "Don't ant such dinner.' See white heads and curly heads gathered round Thi nIH Snrfmm fill wherever found: And pearly teeth grinding, grinding away, From, early dawn until clos of day, Now hurrying up the horses slow, Who think there's no end to this weary .row? Now riding the sweep while the horses rest, And shouting and singing the songs of the blest; What visions of taffy float through the head, When laid on the little trundle bed, . Or while watching the skimming and storing away, Throughout their young morning's glorious day; how bright a part And the fill in a girlish heart; many Thy And many a boy remembers well, 'Twas the night when he did his first love tell. Smile not at my humble, simple lay, Ye who soar in theheights of the starry way; I am down with the children on earth below, Where the daisies and starry eyes brightly blow; Now all who will may join in the shout, Let three glad cheers of joy ring out, For the Mill; the Miller, the children all. And may never a shadow upon them fall; May nothing darker than "lasses" stain The heart or soul on life's wide plain, And may the Father gather them in. 7 Well ground and cleansed from every sin. "And thoughts of the children candy-pulling- "my s, ONE LESS AT HOME. One less at home! 'I he charmed circle broken a dear face Missed day by day from its accustomed place, But, cleansed and saved and perfected by grace. One more in heaven ! One less at home of welcome hushed, and evermore One voice One farewell word unspoken; on the shore Where parting comes not, one soul landed more, One more in heaven! 1 One less at home! A sense of loss that meets us at the gate; Within, a place unfilled and desolate; And far away, our coming to await, One more in heaven! , , r - - One less at home I mist the thought would rise, Chill as the earth-bor- n And wrap our footsteps round and dim our eyes; But the bright suabeam darteth from the skies," One more in heaven! - . t Sisters, this is a habit we all indulge in too much, and : until it is done away with there never will be unity in our. Society; and how do we expect to prosper if we are not united?. If one pulls one way ajlifferenLwayi altogether, we never can improve in . 011 r Society. Therefore, dear , sisters, let us all make a covenant that at the commencement of our meetings that we will stop at once, put our foot on the head of that terrible scorpion which i3 working in our hearts, and crush him to death. Why not break ourselves of thi3 awful We hear a remark habit? for such it is. passed about one of our friends, and until we have a chance to unload ourselves of that burden f for such we think it is), we are not con tented. And do we always get the exact truth? I am afraid not. We think when we hear re marks passed that they sound terrible, but when we go to tell them they have lost their charm, and we add to make them sound grand to others, as they had done to us. And for this one reason we have not been more united in the past than we have; we are too willing to pick each other to pieces, too willing to find fault. Ah, sisters ! why not begin now to re form? "Better late than never"" (but better never late). Alas! if we begin now and make a success of it the Lord's blessings will be with us, for we cannot attain His blessing when we are all the time backbiting His children; who are as near and dear to Him a we are. We are all human; there is not lone of us but what has our faults and our failings, and still have good qualities too; but instead of trying to run them down, why not speak to them aside, tell them kindly, and tell them where they did wrong, and if we know bow, show them the right way to replace their wrong steps. Uh, how much better they would feel; tbey would thank us ten fold, and we would not have to be dodging around the corners to keep out of their way, so we could not be accused of anything we would not like to face. Kind sisters, you, perhaps, wijl tire of my writing, but I pray to God our Eternal Father that He will bless us with peace, union and strength, that we may work hand in hand, and be a united bana or worKers. 11 we ao mis i know we will, improve greatly, for improvement should be our motto, and unity be in our Your sister, midst. and-anothe- wa l - rvflrm!tol liA w .v min trt rr h . tn rt iui ujujt ucvci uairu in mortalitv. It would make us very unhappy f.n hf rflllprl frnm nnr lnrmra tn nnnthpr anhpre knowing that our work was unfinished, that .weJiad neglected our duties, and failed, to im- - , I ijii;. m-mujiu- us 11.--1 MA "i t - r. Secretaries should be prompt in their duties and their books posted and make their reports in good season, for it takes no more time to copy a set of minutes.or make a report than it will and it avoids auxietyand saves hurry and confusion. We should learn wnne young, mat tnere is a time ana place ior every thiog, and learn to have everything in ita and place perform . every duty in its time and season; and not let them, accumu- lateou our hands like a stack of unread news-- . L paper?. By read i ngpne paper,.e very day it is qaite easy to keep even but let themaccurau-lat- e for a week and it will take quite an effort, and considerable time to read them' all and get even again. .Let us try to be more prompt,aua persevere a little more ana u obstacles meet us let us find a way to surmount them,and let not the sly old thief, called procrastination, rob us of our laurels and let us always remember'that none can wear laurels in .our Father's work, except those who earn them. to-da- Laurette Van Buren. PROCRASTINATION. "Procrastination is the thief of time," is an old adage and a very true one. '"Never put what ought to be done tooff till day." How often we hear that maxim quoted, but we do not always practice it. yy w " . M. E. Teasdale. Even in New Hampshire women are coming into office. Mrs. Susan L. Hall has been ap pointed by Judge Knapp clerk of the court at Great Falls. Mrs. Alice Green, widow of the distinguished historian, and herself responsible for much of the work in his last book, "The Conquest of England," is preparing an exhaustive study of Henry II., which will appear next year. ... The popular Swedish novelist, Madame Emi lieHygare Carl en "many of w b bse ro- l, - to-morr- will " us. BACKBITING. - - prove opportunities for,, improvement and for doing good, that had presented themselves to One more at home That home where separation cannot be, That home where none, are", missed eternally, Lord Jesus, grant us all a lace with Thee, S. G. Stock. The glories of mush and milk have been rung, y perform each in its time and reason, for we rvill brings Life ia know not what " uncertain. We do not know how. long 1 - Every day has its, dirties and cares and we but should not neglect the duties of 1 : LV.l.VL A i tions, is about to publish her memoirs in three volumes, under the title .of the "Aftermath, from the career of an Octagenarian writer." The veteran author has just entered her eighty- " first year. : s Florence Nightingale, the heroine oMhe Crimea, is thought to be dying in En gl and from the effects of an old hospitakifever contracted in 1856. There is a general falling off of the system, a wasting awayfrom the effects of" her perilous labors during the days in .which she devoted herlife to the soldiers wounded in battle. X -- Felix Regamy, a Parisian artist well know11 in Boston, has made the interesting discover? , that a French plaster molder named Hubard bronze copy of has in his possession a the marble statue of Washington, by Houdon, full-size- d will sell for $800. M. Regamy sugin the Paris Figaro that the United gests States government purchase the bronze statue and present it to the Gallery of the Louvre. Three million women in the United States work for money. Of these 600,000 are agricultural laborers mainly in the cotton fields of the south; 640,000 are employed in manufactories, while 5u0,000 in the laundries of the country insist that the "Chinese must go;" 280,-00- 0 are milliners and 200,000 find employment as dressmakers; 60,000 earn their bread in the tailorshops and 690,000 are teachers, telegraph operators, typewriters, bookkeepers, typesetters, and nurses. There are 2,500 female physicians. which-h- e sales-wome- n, 