'ThrRiffhisfHhe-WmtTt-of-Zianrti- Vol. the nd Rightoftht Women of all Nations. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, JUNE 16. SWEET MEMORIES. -- Sweet memories come in visions of the night, 1 And banish sleep and thrill us through and through; 'Til every pulse throbs with a wild delight; - And scenes forgotten burst upon our view, Strange fancies hold us by a magic power; Then fade away, as fades the summer flow'r. h The perfume taken from the fairest flowers, That bloom along our toilsome, weary way, And scatter fragrance round us day, by day, s EMILE. April 5, 1887. , FOREIGN CORRESPONDENCE. Editor Woman's Exponent: Dear Aunt EmY You, who yt gather wild fiow'rs in the fragrant vale, "Meanwhile the bluebird sings and soars away, thrush pours forth her plantive tale, The 'd Alone in silent reverie we stray, With thoughts subdued, and eyes suffus'd with tears. As we recall these scenes of other years. self-sam- . In the low meadows 'mong the clover bloom, Where buttercups and daisies nod and sigh, And the : soft airjs ladenwith perfume, A moment we are lost inTecstacy, And mingle with companloiisof;dur youth 'Til. conscious of the sad and bittervtruth 3- - That they are gone, and this a waking dream to-da- y, The lonely wander'r ia a foreign land,' Far from his home and those he loves the best, In memory sees again the household band, And in the vision fels supremely blest; Full well he knows the old familiar place, . And gazes lovingly upon each face. Thus soothed, unconsciously he sinks to sleep, Breathing, as 'twere, a blessing and a prayer; , That angel sentinels nuy vigil, keep, where his fond home the treasures are; Around And in his dreams softly he seems to hear Voices , of absent lov'd ones jnurmur'ng near. Thus retrospectively wFTurn and eazeT" Into the regions of the shadowy past, 'And"analyze Wond'ring what horoscope could have been cast, When first was usher'd in our hour of birth, To fill the. mision,talserji here on earth. ": ' ! Ah me! what matters it Jthai we inquire Into the past, or search the paths we've trod. 'Tis knowledge of the future' we desire. And grace divine to bear the chast'ning rod, Acknowledging His hand in good or ill, While daily toils and duties we fulfill . . harder still would be Our earthly lot. If the sweet mem'rla; of life's golden hours, The brightest and the best were all forgot, Yet, . -- . homespun. the flowers of this sad earth fo well, will be interested, I am sure,; in knowing something about the flowers of these, islands, and so 1 d e vo te th is." little paperto- - those sweet-eye- 3 and breaths of the 'augels flowers. I don't think there are any native Wild flowers, or very few, at least; in my journey -- around this island I have seen none but the high prickly pears, which bear fruit as well as flower, and the flowers cultivated in gardens. You must imagine Laie set on the top of a gentle hill sloping up from the trade-wind- s sea,exposed to the almost constant which effectually prevent any growth of trees where, sheltered in some way or flowers,-excefrom its breath. Behind a hill, there will be banked great masses of green bushes, coarse fe rn s and t rees. But arou nd our houses, we are obliged to erect some" kind of bulwark to keen of! the salt wind. The house itself is thus utilized, and it times the grassy turf is cut out in neat blocks and filled up two or three feet high, thus forming an excellent break for the wind. Here in these little spots grow oceans of bloom and fragrance. The natives dearly love flowers, and have bought and begged seeds until there are few homes anywhere on this island without a tiny flower garden. Great geraniums, oleanders, and hundreds of rare and exquisitely beautiful exotics flourish here in rank profusion. . Honolulu might well be named the City of Bloom. For all the year round its well kept gardens smile up to the sun with all its own prismatic colors. San Francisco has gardens, but there everything in the city proper has a dusty weary look, the very roses hanging thefr fragrant heads with the burden ot city life. But in Honolulu, wide aud spacious as to gardens," everything is bright and green, kissed, as the flowers are almost daily with the sunny drops of a gentle shower. Here at Laie, the rose and the geranium are favorites. The bright marigold aud the. yellow lily are used extensively for lets. T hese lets or wreaths are often very beautitul. Imagine geraniums of the most delicate pink, or the brightest scarlet pulled apart, and each. love- - pt Sweet mem'riesof our busy life a part, . Rifting the clouds, that hang around our way, ' Whispering gently. io the human heart, Hope on and bear the burden of Shrink not Iroin trials that are hard to bear. For life has many blessings rich and rare. dens here at Laie, you will find, them struggling along with grass and perhaps next to sweet potatoes and kalo. The ferns all hide themselves in the distant gorges, and laugh softly to themselves in the mountain breezes, that, "that which i worth having is worth coming after," and,alas, I can only look afar off and wish! PLAIN TALK. . Anon, we wander by a wiBiding.brook; , r, Close to its banks the fern and moss still clings, e . And in the shelter'd, shady nook The lonely whippoorwill disconsolate sings The long night through, bemoaning his sad fate, As those who bo w'd-i- n sorrow wail and wait. Wherein our fancy revels to deceive, And yet so perfect all these pictures seem, 'I H,lt W( half-H-, inhfintr (rlrt.v urrmlH htfM&irm That youth, and love and buoyant hopes were ours, rs. Ana cnniin2irt5t5-ft&-enHp- p No. 1, 1887. Laie, May 8th 1887. We clasp the hands of those now lop since dead, And press our lips to theirs jn kisses sweet, Descrt'd paths and tread, ' . And hand in hand familiar faces greet. . 'Tis but a moment and the vision's flown, And we are left be wilder'd and alone. low-voic- ; . IsqDaratennnl green nating occasionally with the - pice,d leaves of"the rose geranium,- the whole t'orm- jng a necklace of wild beauty. All the flowers are used for this purpose, a dainty rosebud lei being very beautiful and effective. These his are sometimes made of the little purple everlasting flower, and will keep indefinitely. My own variegated double Zuinias, of which I gave the seed to some of our native sisters is utilized thus. There is also tne white fragrant honeysuckle here. In short, many bright, glowing beauties of which I only know the native name. But if you come here, .and look for, the gar- - one of the poor, and unlearned, so far I am as education is concerned, but I have had quite an experience in some things. I have the nf t.hfl nnnr at- ' hearttherefore it is not... . Z. aitogeinerjouii 01 ptace iur uiu 10 peu u, lew m my simple thoughts, and I will begin bv reminding you of the many lessons that have been taught us now for many years; that of be-patronizing home manufacing ture and using economy. Have we heeded this counsel? Are we better thap ten years ago? 7 No, but worse; we are gliding along as though we were asleep, living in our ease, not thinking of what is coming nor what t our condition will1 De. l tninc ii is lime inai we were rouseu from our slumber and begin to look to our own .1 11 interest ana practice wnat we preacn oy Demg self sustaining Why not. be more inaepend-entan- d manufacture what we need at home and not depend on Babylon for our supplies. We are in that like some ia keeping the word Some sa Jv when wecannot cet O.T these things which are forbidden then we will keep the- word of wisdom, and when all our supplies are cut off then we will not patronize Babylon. I think it is best to prepare for war in time of peace, for it is too late to pray Now it is the poor that I when Satan comes. am interested about, and the Saints of Arizona have never been able to sustain themselves yet, and why. is it so? -- Well, one great cau?e is that it takes about half or more that, a man can raise to buy clothe and other nee-- , essaries tbat the family need, then he has to work some otlier plan to buy his bread. Wejll, can this evil be remedied ?j I think it can to some extent. In what way? Well, to be plain and come to the point at once I wouH say let the brethren buy a carding machine and put it up. so that the wool iu this country can be carded and then our sisters cau spin thbir own knitiiug yarn and make their clothing for every day wear aud by so doing the men can save grain enough to bread the family. "Oh dear," says one, ''do you think for a moment that we would do such work as that whetf we can buy goods so cheap, and have nothing to do but sew them? Let us live easy while we can." I beg leave to differ with just,, as long as we buy the you my shoddy gonds that we do, it will take a woman all her time to do the sewing for heramilyT and I can testify toyou.that I know by experience that it is more injurious to health to run a sewing machine than a loom. Some of our brethren, of course, will object to it and , say their wives and daughters must not do such work as that.' They had rather put out their means in buying a factory. Well I am in favor of a factory as much as any one, and ail other kinds of machinery but would it not be better in our; poverty and cramped condition to begin" on a cheaper plan and make all we can at home, and that would enable us to lay by something to help get & factory, and in-tfr- fit . self-sustainin- . 1 1 1 . . nf-AVtsdo- m. - - Si-te- rs 1 1 