A tm 1 A - The-- Vol. Rbjhte of the Wo mm 15. RETROSPECTIVE of-7Aon- E. For many centuries gone by, 'twixt hetv'n And earth, silence had reigned;, Tlte viee-ef God, The great Eternal, who called Atram forth - To leave his kindred and his native land, Had not, for ages, reached a mortal ear. Fools in their hearts declared, "iher'e it no God." 'Ihe valleys dry. 1 He, by His noble Chieftain, Brighara, Young, With wisdom from the couns n.high endowed, Led to these isolated mountain vales A desert wildern- ss, a sterile waste' A crowning climax of all dreariness. But peace was here, sweet peace, our legal claim,' Usurp'd by those who forced our exile fiight. For centuries the soil unstir'd had slept The sleep of death, while none but savage feet - . stand--- - , dealh-wrap'- d 'flic marriage was arranged by her parents. was thricex her and. asJier hu?band is pretty safe to say, was . it tga marriage of conveniencP altogether ' for M. entertained thouglt-'sh- e always Iv eamier d .sincere regard, and that he adored her U plain to be seen in the following extract r from one of lii.s letters to her: "I have always made it the rule and happiness of my life to repeet vour wishes, tastes-- affections, and supposed religious obligations to friendship." As this is by no means an historical sketch the 'above will serve as an introduction to this J)eautiftil woman.and tho.se lovable traits in her character; which is the object I haV in view. When the horrors of the reign of terror were , ended, and even the people of France were ' sated with cruelties and blood, they turned to the delights of social intercourse, with intense eagerness. It was at this time that Madame ltecamier' appeared upon the scene, dazzling all with" her matchless . loveliness; beautiful as a Hnuri, she became at once a social loadstone, luring great and small to her side, by her beauty and fascinating gace of manner. It is said that to a Frenchman, talking is one of the necessities of life. The salon of the Frenchwoman grew out of this necessity; and a grand advance in civilization it was. It opened the way for the introduction into social andlitcrarv life of such as Madame Rambouillet, Madame ie StaeI,Madame Kecaraier and scores QtheMsrh ich, and talerjt the opportunity of .com paring, refreshing and adding fresh stores of knowledge to theirjninds, by social intercourse with the great and gifted of their day. Aye, and aiding and acting as guiding stars, by their grace of presence, open hospitalities and charming friendships to many a hero, who, but for their kind words and generous help, would have been both "to fortune and to fame unknown." The woman who possessed the intellect the could ,draw to )0wer of entertainment,which I: .! f JW 0 f AWA it wucxo Hie ureal mimin ui iuo uay, were discussed the literature, the drama, the poIiticr4hevery tiring that constituted Frencli society, wtll earned the sobriquet of, potentate , We du;? the channels for thi waters course, And tapp'd the creeks.(the creeks were very few - And far between and sdewed waters onThe thirsty land, which drank, and craved, and drank Till it revived and brought forth nourishment. We torejbe saplings from the mountam's-broW hich grew the lovely shade trees that adorn N w, Produce a grateful, cool, refreshing shade. Yei such it was. and what is Utah now?. The boast of friends, and envy of our foes. Who wrought the change? God 'and fits faithful made "the desert blossom as the rose.'- -' r A crusade now inaugurated in Our midst, retards progression's onward move. But what disfurbent of our peace shaii do- Against the Church, wall be o'erruled for good. The Almighty's drama will enacted be Each'aHsapartMoall, the choice is free. Our persecutors make a sad mistake, They earn our pity by the choice they make: All in the harvest reap the crop we sow. And they in theirs, will garner only woe. Who shed the blood of innocence will feel . The wrath of God, from which there's no appeal. Our foes, in blindness, now erult and think The Church, beneath their lash, is bound to sink: Crushed, it may seem, in their distorted view, And still be gaining sirenglfr and prestige too: From vile oppression's bondage 'twill come forth In glorious light; with power to gladden earth, But ere the drama's close, and curtains fall, Will good result from scenes which now appall will purify This Crusade furnace-hea- t The Church from hypocrites, and all that lie From those whose hearts are set on worldly gain, And all who sacred cov'nants break in twain. . . -- . ' X. t-- WTTT V ct-8aio- in petticoats. It is to be regretted that England and America have no counterpart of the French sakn; that delightful resort where the. only;ob-ligatiois to contribute tothe general enjoyThen Truth and justice will resume their throne, ment by being agreeable and entertaining, ac be shall unsown. And man's oppressiveness cording to your best ability, wnere ail are will come again, I he Son of God, the Prince expected to throw aside petty personalities and to in majesty reign. With all His Saints, meeting upon neutral ground, each enjoy the. is. .'r: s. S. treasures of the other's mind, gain new ideas, discuss the old, and all with frank good naSalt Lake City, Jan., 1887- .ture. Such wa? the salon of Madame Recamier A SKETCH OF MADAME RKUAMIER. . who added also that element of undelinable delicacy and refinement and guided the, conversamnst.- rharmincr and lovable of P'tKp n,, ViJt- 'Ji "v tion over shallows and rapids, with a grace and I drama of. trance, dur- tafit almost amountintr to genius. .,u'rinrl nf thp riband fall oflsonepart, at ithout-possessing was-tnthedepth: and brilliancy and the restoration of the Bourbons, of intellect which characterized her friend of Julie Adelaide liernard, Ma.iame litcauiiw, bhe Madame de Stael, of whom Goethe said, "one Juliette.. as friends dear her to known Madame . u,.n in thp Mtvnf Lvona. December 1 77, must become.all ears to, follow her," Recamier had good literary taste and ability, educated like most French girls at a convent, and and came though she 'published nothing under her, which she left at the age of fifteen, name, we find her collecting historical facts for tn rpside ohortly -in Fans, UC1 U1LU M. de Chateau)riand,a3 well a3 assisting in the a vvpalthv rorn'orf tr banker, from the alter, sue yiob 1.1. lit'.' to b renck preparation of a volume of extracts M. JaSques Kecamier,and according ; n - ,- -- - CJ -W- p"" rf 1 ' . h And with thanksgiving ale our scanty bread. ' The LlonewiliwasteuatroA But God was with us and they knew it not. draw-Fort- We put our trust; withwil!ing hearts and hands, this august, sublime ventn The long, long silence must be broken, and The voice of God, on earth be heard once more. As was His wont whene'er He converse held With mortal man, He'd prophets at command To bear His messages and teach His will. For this grand purpose He had raised up one An unsophisticated, honest youth, Whom He had chosen and had foreordain'd-T- o see His face, His voice to hear to take --The lead in the last Dispensation of A fallen world - to stop the downward ebb Of life's corrupted stream, and bid it through ' A purifying channel, upward flow To organize the Church of Jesus Christ Precisely by the former pattern given, -- "With Prophets and Apostles, governments; With gifts arid pow'rs to heal authority To cast out devils, and to speak in tongues: A Church which Jesus Christ will own as His. But jjt the Church of Christ of latter days, Which by the Prophet God established, lives, And will, altho, opposed by earth and hell. Though persecution, which our Savior said Would be the lot of those who follow Him, Has oft, full oft, with arms outstretch'd the path "Bestrode, the Church has never made a half. Oft times from place to place by mobbers driven, And last of all they drove us from Nauvoo, To go as Abram did we knew not where. Perchance they wished they hoped they thought We'd starve and die, and buzzards fatten on .Our flesh our bones be left to bleach upon must y, ?servd by a living faith, we worked and prayed, - Prefacing man-mad- Latter-da- rrOr The wheel of time roll'd on, and met the verge Of a new Dispensation this the last T The closing one the set, th' appointed time For God "tc do a strange a wonder work, Preparatory to Messiah's reign. The Prophet did God's bidding, thb" opposed hellish wrath and human ignorance. e Unfettered and undwarfd by creeds, His mind soared upward to the living Fount' Of truth and wisdom, knowledge, faith, and power. He master'd languages and sciences, And principles of vast eternal weight A worker and a student till his death. Having performed a mission great and grand, He sealed his testimony with his blood. point. soil, a. sustenance, Whaf'a" predicament! Vho perish Of mo rtal mould unarm'd. with mighty faith In the eternal God, but would have quailrd Before the ghastly prospecf'snileq scowl? .. Not so .the Saints; in the Almighty arm - ' - Of Qod,,. the Saints of from this No. 19. , 1887. ' . . 1 began to see life, from its social And here we were; The" Church ' By MARCH : " Though Jesus said, "Except you're one, you are Not min,lhe christian sects.-wh- o claim to have He The. Gospel ss taught were multiplied, And each contending for the preference, And all maintained, the body of the Lord Is represented by the church oa earth. ' But if those sects can be acknowledged His, 'hat ajy-- t multiUKle of bodies? Else, ' His one, must be in many fragments torn. 0 Had kissed the s d. No tree nor shrub adorneiL This Salt Lake City plat. The mountains then With their attraction's imcontesb'd charm,.---Drew to theirsummits all of showers, and left ' nn and (he Rhjhh of the Woman of a 11 Xations. x r SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, AND-PROSPECTIV- T 