WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 94 v rv trood me tintr Imusi; it is not unite finished Wp trave l, d on to Viiirin. At 2 o'clock met henMs very with ll lh't' Sorietv: the Piid-nt feehlr: ii is Si 'r Joim Parker; Counselor r. r k with PriuiH ry nt 4 t m ; 11 rt- -i o cinek, President Pratt nrc-- i imj,'; had a very t t 1 1 ) . 1 - -- I 1 went. on .to.Toijpierville; ate (lin'iir lit Skier ivage'sT her husband "is 10 ' Went on prison for taking care of his family. , - to where we held meeting at early candle light, loth trawle on to Washington; had' meeting at 1 o'clock with Relief Society; at o'clock met- with lYimary; at 4 with Young meetings, and a good . Ladies; .had very good feeling prevailed; arrived in St George about 6 evening, having been 17 days from Home. v.. On tlii-'Mt- We h I - -- e We were giud to find all well at home, and trust we have done .some good in urging the We trave!ed:about three Saints to th-irdu- ty. hundred miles. Ever praying for the, welfare of Ziotf I -- inaiu Vour sister in the Gospel, " eorge, Nov. 4 T Ann (). 137. : re- - 1 ; 1 il Woodbury. -- -- see so many--happpleased with the reports. "The sisters should inform, their minds as much as possioie, using an hour each day for that purpose.,; All are willing to in all that they raghtJas, v help the Bishops Children should be respectful to their parents." Felt that the ward teachers should visit us oftener than they do; made other interesting A. & P. A. REPORTS. 1. SUMMIT 8TAKK. The Summit Stake Relief Society held their" conference at Ivaum, September 29th, 1817. Meeting comm- nced at 10 a.m , M. J. Atwood, Singing by the presiding. choir. Prayer was offered, and the choir sang ayain. The minutes of the last conference and reports from the .different branches were read and aee- pted. There wer on th i stand Sisters Zina D. II. Young, of Salt Lake, for the II, S., Sister Rogers, of Parmiiigton, for the Primaries, the Stake Pivsidencv of R. , presidents of Y. L; M. I. A. and Primarv Associations, Prest. , W. W. Guff and others, and a attendance in the hall. Much good instruction was given by the sisters and President Gulf, which was well appre- Stake-Presidett- t, - S-- very-good- ciated and enjoyed by those present. Arrangements were made f or another Fair forth erbnrie-- 1 "lit of the SnniinitSTafreHxmstjrto-be-hel- d iiext at Coalville. The reports from the several branches, show them to be in good workv ing order. On Friday, Sept. 30th, the Y. L. M. I. A. Confeience was held at the same place, occupying the whole day, which was very interesting,' iiT ranged ttTjui n't he BH audi liy ia4fy-U- "v t the r air. The Primary Confeience was also held at the same place, on Saturday, Oct 1st., occupying the whole day. The services were interspersed will, questions,. .which. were creditably answered bv the cliilibtn. .It "was the fullest attendance-amti.e most intereMing Primary Conference ever held in Summit Stake. The three-daysconference was ajfeast seldom if ever enjoyed by the sisters of Kannts. bles.-iuThe they received from the sisters of Salt Lake Yallev will long be remembered. , inr-Ma-y - . . It takes all our time to beautify our homes and to inform our minds; our husbands should help-- in reat -- training our children in proper ways, as the mothers cannot work hard all day and study atf night We should attend our meetiugs so we cau ue wise iu- natc mug 111c wujpaujf uur children keep. Let our practice and theory go together to the protection of our little ones, - sa they should enioy all the privileges before them, -- we neea tne Diessin3 01 me. iora ac all times. Hoped the sisters would feel well paid for coming out. Bishop Wm. Parkinson, of Preston, would much rather listen to the sisters than occupy any time. Would put his trust in the Lord, that he might be able to", say something that would edify the congregation, "The Gospel is as it was anciently. It takes the same y as it. rlirl then ta crnin tho flip samft work same blessings. We should love our neighbors as ourselves, and we would have a heaven on earth.' We should lay aside all our imperfections and follies, and notallow the adversary to gain power over us,but strive to do right at all times; a3 we haveto endure the scorn and is hard to continue this ridicule from battle, and theobstacles can be removed by helping eachOther. I love alPthat are honest and true, no matter what their religion. Let us be upright and honorable, so we can haver the ftjll flow of the Spirit of the Lord."" Bishop S. R. Parkinson said, "We should be charitable to all, and give good counsel freely to all. We must be sure and not vilifv our neighbors, not ppeak of their bad actions, and when we are old we may be able to think that--- we have beenppflrp-makpTMay we put the couusel in practice that we have heard. In- yoke'd the blessing of the Lord upon us. Singing by the choir. Benediction was pronounced by Thomas Durant. to-da- T 1 tn-rla- v allit - m - j : N 7 Ann Tate, Cor. Sec. ONEIDA hTAKE. .. 2 p.m.: fleeting opened with singing and The Belief Society Conference of the Oneida Sacrament was administered, and prayer. Stake of Zion was held in Franklin, Sept 2.5th, .Sister Adeline Barber, of Cache Stake, said, 1887, at 10 a.m. Opened with the usual exer-cise- s lieliet was organized for our benelhe of ringing and prayerThe minutes of fit, as we arebociety enabled to stand up and bear our the previous district conference, were read-al- so testimonies, and the reports fothe past six months, which were our God. As help bear off the kingdom of our brethren have to go on misvery, encouraging" to the sisters. we have our children to bring up in a S. F. Atwood. PrestXtlizabeth Fox was pleased to spa sn sions, manner. The Lord has shown the sisproper manut, this being the first general conference ters that celestial marriage is right, and we, : 1'. k a k 'rvoi.h s'r kjuv-iiy uciu in in is ciaKe. And in need to be humble before the Lord, and be asmuch as we have the Spirit of . the Lord we in His hands in The Conference of the Relief" Society ofI win nave a gowi time." doing good. How liequesfed the presiwould this persecution long Tooele Stake convened in the meeting housat dents of the various branchegJo hang around us, if veverhal gi we and cure? If wp. won 11 liv Sept. 11 and 12.1887, Counselor Emily reports, which was done with but few this principle in purity it would be no trial to excepas Prtst. Huiter had Warburton tions, showing that most of them were in a us. ijti us oe taithtui in all not arrived from Grantsville in time for the prosperous cotidition, alter which things, and we a son r was will have iov in our labo morning meeting. There were present from sung by Sister Martha Kobinsonr be kind to those who have obeyed this law. M. Luke S. Sisters Salt Kimball and M. City, Sister Sarah Richards, of Mormon Ward, inm c must "W. Snow, slUo Gowans and Counselor structed the sisters to rear their children in the pui away tne styles and fashions of the Eastham when we come to the Temple of the of Tou.le. world, Jane Stake; Bishop Atkin of the Lord, that will be true they and and other biethren. Presitients of branches Lord; dress plain and we will not be reproved." faithful anl obey the Gospel in its fullest sen-- e Sin the H. of stake, Siters Jeanettc l)ela-merExhorted the boys to be tiuthful and honest Song by Sister Martha Robinson, entitled, "Who's on the Lord's side, who?" Tooele, Hannah, Rurridge, St. Johu"e, aud they would be good men; gave the same Sister Rogers said; "The Relief "Society is a - 1 in-for- Lr -- v t To-.ele- were-unite- , g, pre.-idin- , Pi-est- - . e, v . ' S., V. L. M. faccs-presentrw- as. y remarks. Sister Mary Hawks, Counselor, was" pleased to meet with the sister3 in the first general con- great many ference, although there were wards a long way off, so it was impossible for - a-g- advice to the girk "When we are sick we should send for the1 Elders, as the prayers of the f'aithf liTwill heal the sick. AVe should be r,oano.mMcnr' nnfl nnf. heed idle Wcossin '. but set.- a good example before all," bister Ann Male, uounseiorrwa3:pieasea to L. lor-"ivin- ", Le.-ds- in-th- Jane. Adamson, Lake View. After the. usual exercies and reading of minutes and reports Sister Kimball" addressed the meeting, gave excellent instruction to the sisters in reference to ' A 0ut i narc I ear and 1 errt a ti erz n d poi n t e forcible manner the benefit of Oemg tnus organ -ized.AdviM d:thc observance ofurder-an- durged the sisters to' be charitable and helpful and, energetic and live near to the Lord so a, to know, when we are doing right. Snow spoke ot her recent visit to Alexico and made many good remarks concern -' ing the Relief Society it3 .organization and benefits rejoiced that we had the opportunity of helping to redeem and happify each other through our labors amieflorts as a society, aud closed by saying that our religioa was worth making any sacrifice for. Prest. Hunter having come in exctised herself for being late,-an.spoke of not feeling well in health, saicLiJie had passed, through a se- vere-tniof late, hre had destroyed much of their property, barns, hay aud so on; felt she had not attended to her society duties of late as she ehould . but intended to in. the future. The Presidents of the several wards re ported and Bishop Atkin of Tooele Ward made a , rew good remarks encouraging the sisters, and endorsed all that had been said, thought the Relief Society a great help. In the afternoon the P. A. of the stake'held a conference, Mrs. Sarah Hale presiding. There were songs and recitations well rendered, show ing that President Jane Bowen had taken great pains to. teach the little folks. In the evening the louug Ladies Associa tions held a conference, Sis er Ann Tate presid- . in. ing. Alter ine periiminary exercises minutes ,and reports were read and Sisters Kimball and Snow addressed the young "people on suitable subjects; President Gowans also gave good instruction and the meeting was an enjoyable and interesting one. ' v . sisters the visited the SabSunday morning bath School and Sisters Kimball and Snow addressed the children, giving good counsel and Urging them onward in- the performance of duty. Confer ence was continued, and the sisters from Salt Lake each spoke a short time in an intelligent and interesting manner. We thank our sisters very much for paying1 -us this visit and tor. the good advice we have received. May God bless them and thoseWho visit us from time- - to t im e to encourag e and help us is my prayer. d . 