31 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Sister Dewey reported Dewey ville .verbally. Sister Jensen reported Mantua Society, and uvmor nnnkft tee . - -hnfrO Vv about their v , o rresment, of told tier Sister Keller; goodness, and the comfort she had been to iier sisters. - Sister Anderson reported the 3rd Ward; Sis ter Peery, Three Mile Creek; bister Albertsen, Bear River City; Sister iWatkins, the 4th Ward; Sister Hubbard, Willard City; Sister Mary E. Snow, 2nd Ward Brigham Citv; Sister Faunie Graehl nmde' excellent remarks. Sister Sus annah P. Booth reported the 1st Ward Brig- ham City. All these sisters gave good mstruc-tirmfind Knokfi the duties and resoonsi- nnnn Y i bilities of the mothers in Israel and the women , i ni... e 01 Ziion, loucnmg upuii mauy puiuts ui sptruiai interest, and zealously' urged 'all the, sisters, to q 1 ' - llro VnMv ml t r h& prayerful at all times. Singing. " nhpHienf. tn r.onnsel iind Afternoon session: After singing and prayer, minutes of the previous conference were read ; and accepted. Prest. Harriet Snow said, "There are many " Ait t iaa " ract r, it 1 1 YIAfl no nc moniKoN . fC 1 U a Church and members and officers of the Relief fine.ietv. It is necessarv that we should culti vate a feeling of love and union. If we, em brace these opportunities of meetings together, gathering intelligence and wisdom, when we get thoroughly schooled in the principles of our reugiuu, lucu, e biuiu suuuj; nuu miu, without fears, but if we are negligent weshall lose of our religion. a short time on Emilia D. Mad-sespoke t ' i i i' .if tue way or gaining eacuoiner a trutniuines3anu the-spir- it i.t i confidence. Prest. Jane S. Richards, of Weber State R. S., said, "I was very pleased to hear the minutes, and Sister iSnow and Madsen. I feel there is a good spirit here." Spoke of the great difficulty in keeping a secret. "Our religion is of that nature that we can find plenty to do; I never knew a time when there was more opportunity to do good than at present. I would not care for religion if it was only for but it is for all eternity if we or live right. When we meerjt02etherin.thei Spirit of the Lord, talking of His mercy and to-da- y if. we go to all the festivals?" Spoke of the many duties of women. "The men could not get along without us; .we could not get along without them. If anything goes wrong with me, that I don't feel good when I go to bed, I have to get rid of it before I lay down to to - feel happy and enjoy life" sleep. : ... i s 7j r u:i.. ffiiiio uure. iviitiw mnv naru :t it was ior mothers of a family to come to meeting, and how much patience they had to exercise. "I desire to live faithful. I think I can'feel that you are going onward in Brigham City. I used to think if I could only keep faithful till I was forty years old I would be pretty sure, but I have seen people seventy years old apostatize; it is only those who keep faithful to the end who will receive;the reward." Sister Shirtliff said, "I feel here a spirit of sisterly love. Woman's work is a very mixed one. I think there is a great field of charity for women to do good for each other; we can find much to do among the sick and the poor; wherever we can assist ech other we should do so happily; if it is not put down in our minute book it will be recorded in heaven." Sister Harding bore her testimony. Spoke of the great danger in letting our girls go out ' to the GuitiJes. Bro. Dudley said, "I have enjoyed what I have heard. It wduld do me good if I could, put it into practice. The Spjrit of God has ant- 1 1 i . , - been with us to-day- God, for a .prophet." months. to Dav. monthly to the Deseret Hospital, re ceiving credit for the full amount, which may be refunded in payment on any patient they choose to send to the institution for treatment. A short time ago Prest. Freeze proposed th.U the Associations in this Stake assist in emigrating some "worthy persons from the old country who were not in circumstances to pay their own emigration. Means has been already collected sufficient to bring out three adult persons, and this plainly shows that "where there's a will there's a way," and furthermore, that the Lord blesses those who are willingly helpful to the poor. Sweet charity! welL doth it become the -young, and in blessing are we blest, and in giving more than in receiving. Sisters R. R. The meeting was, addressed Grant, E, Howard, B. W. Smith and M. A. Hyde, women of , large experience : in the -Church, whose teachings to the young are ever motherly and wise. Adjourned for three " ... ' ;: , , Emilia D. Madsen, Sec. SALT LAKE 8TAKE. The ilelief Society quarterly conference of this Stake was held in the 14th Ward Assembly Rooms, Thursday, June 23; 1887, at 10 a.m., Mrs. M. Isabella Home presiding. On the stand were Mrs. Z. D. H.' Young, Mrs. B. W. Smith and JMrs. H. M. Whitney. Meeting opened with the usual exercises and verbal, reports of the presidents. The reports showed that the several organizations were in good condition, and an increased attendance, and an improvement in good works. After; the reports were given, Prest. Home addressed the sisters on the great importance of .the duties assigned them in the Relief-Societand urged them to a diligent performance of the same. Meeting was adjourned until 2 p.m. .with singing, and prayer was offered by Sister B. ' ; W. Smith. Afternoon session: There were many more present, - and the - - preaiden ts - from - cou n s gave reports of the condition of the society over which they presided, all being in prosperity and in improvement in good works. Sister M. A; Hyde, President of the Relief Society in. Sanpete Stake, then addressed the meeting on the cultivation and education of the children of Zioc; al.-- o spoke upon the principle of plural marriage, considering it the highest type of marriage, and spoke of the very fine, noble children growing up in our midst; thought we should bring them up intelligently, and gave much excellent instruction. Prest. Horne" spoke upon the storing of grain, referred to the fall of Babylon, and the preparation necessary for that great event; also gave counsel about supporting by membership and donations the Deseret Hospital. "Sister Zina" spoke briefly upon the times in which we are living, the great events transpiring, ard the crisis in this kingdom; thought our work would enlarge, etc. Coun. H. M. Whitney, thought this work was rolling on speed; referred to . her father's sons ; w ho Avere zealous in the work,-aL- d made allusion to the principle of plural marriage as a divine order, etc. Sisttr M. A. Freeze, Prest. of the Y. L. of this' Stake, made some very appropriate remarks, and also spoke of plural marriage as from ; God, and thought it a subject women should speak upon, etc. Sister Hy de spoke in the gift of tongues, and Sister Young gave the interpretation, after which Prest. Horne made closing remarks, and the meeting was adjourned for three months with singing and a benediction by Sister Sarah . jy y, Benediction by Prest. .Harriet Snow. " 0 " ." The congregation sang, "We thank Thee, -- . to the young ladies on appropriate subjects, in a most interesting manner, calculated toawaken thought and inspire noble sentiments. They were also addressed by some of the leading officers of these valuable Associations, for the advancement of the young daughters of Zion. Some matters of business were transacted, and the conference adjourued tor tnree months. try-place- with-might- ONEIDA STAKE. A Relief Society conference of the Oneida Stake of Zion, held in Clifton District, June oth, 1357. Meeting opened at 1U o clock a.m. Present on the stand, Stake President, Elizabeth Fox, Second Counselor, Mary Hawks, President Hendricks of Oxford, President Jane M. Howell and her two Counselors of Clifton, ana counselor mary Ann rasKin oi lreasure- ' lUli, aioU x auiaiuu uj.hu iiuuruo ui wiioru, Elders William Webster and Lewis Petty. The choir sang, "An angel from on high." Prayer was offered by Elder William Webster. The choir sang, "Truth reflects upon our senses." President Fox invited all the presidents and representatives present to come to the stand. Minutes of. the previous conference read and received. Prest. J. M. Howell renreaented the CMftnn ton Society as 'being fully organized and in good order. . Prest. Hendricks reported the Oxford Society as doing well. Said the sisters had done considerable, work since she had presided, and felt well and benefitted by the sisters' visit. Coun Mary Ann Paskin reported the Treasureton branch as doing well. ' Cou u. M a ry Haw ks said , ' 'I am happy to meet you once more, dear sisters. We have traveled many miles in company with the brethren of this Stake, and have met manjr of the sisters and held quite a number of meetings. T .1 t .1 .1 am pieiucuJ xw near me mat oreinren meet,, with you once in a while; it is very encourag- ing to the sisters. We should be kind to each other, and especially to those who are left to provide for their families without the aid of father and husband; they should not be neg; y . - ' M. Kimball. 1 Y. L. M. I. A. There was an interesting quarterly conference of the Y. L. held on Friday, June 24th, in the 14th Ward Hall, though there were not so many as usual present.' Mrs. M. A. Freeze presided, assisted by her Counselor, Mrs. M. Y. Dougall. Verbal reports were given by the officers of the several Associations in the Stake, though all were not reported, which is a matter of regret, as at these conferences general instruction is given for the benefit of all and theirYuture progress, and it is expected that each Association will be heard from. These young women irt their organizations are making rapid improvement in such studies as are calculated to develop their mental and spiritual powers, and give them a thorough knowledge of their religion, their own and other countries, and the science of government. They also contribute to charitable purposes of , various kinds, and each association pays, or is expected . 1 . lected. We should be very wise in counseling our children, for they are our hope and our all. There is a great labor for jis to perform sifters." You should attend : as your meetings, aud especially the Relief Society meetings, where you can talk upon subjects that cannot by talked on in other meetings. 'Mothers, I say to you all, read good books, and often lecture on the laws of human nature. You. should guard against all things which are injurious to your health. Do not neglect your duties in the society for your work; if you wait for the time when you have nothing to do you will never go, for a mother's work is never done. Exercise faith in the ordinances of the Gospel. We, as mothers, have a right to administer to the sick in the absence of the priesthood' -- 