WO MA N 'S EXPON ENT, 170 in the females outuumberedhe male3 about of his remaining time Ji explaining away and and Mary Crowther, recitations from the seven to one, and the offspring ot these much palliatiug the slight ills that obtains under the in telling Juvenile Instr udor, ages five and three married lathers were ol a quality so superior regime of apostate Christianity, and years' humorous manufactured.stories of married life Hiram Thorp and John Wilson, a son? en' to their Dropenitors. that thev witnessed 4the ' titled, "Kitty Wells;" Frank Fulmer, a recita-tiou- , in Utah', too foolish to be wicked. triumfohanf conquest of the promised land. entitled ,"Queer;'! Eunices Jacobson, a It surprissdTfle to find the amount of evi- Their marriage relations produced such happy ' the seer song, entitled, "Susan," aged three years; Bettie results, that the poet prophet (Isaiah) Ldence existing to prove that Joseph. Bo'wen, a. recitatiou, "Rebecca Dobbs;" Bertha broadly hints that the Jike condition wilJ be was the pioneer in the practice ol- plural mar riage right here under the very no3es ot those Jones,-- a song, "Baby Darling;1 "Little Wise repeated in the latter 'days, by a marked scarcity Heads," by liable Barber, Ida Leishman who so stithyf deny the tact. Uue intelligent ot ,thy masculine gouder. II this iooiish King, whose name has become a synonym for tyranny, lady said4 to me, "The". 'Reorganized' Church Mamie Turner and Ida May Stewart, exceedmade a mistake in the beginning. If they ingly well done; "The Martyrdom of Joseph had changed the drowning process to the'other " hv Dtirnt.hv Flaneri. T ,H: -, had taken the stand simply that polygamy was and FTrriim sex he. might have accomplished his. purpose. imau j j Parkinson, "Keeping His Word;" Rosella As it was.Unstory records his miserable lailure, wrong. no matter who the author was, they and traces its cause to a misconception of the might appear consistent' I have evidence Thorp, a song, "Little Bessie, the Drunkard's true source of increase enough in my possession to convince auy one, Child;" Martha Bench, "Take Things as They but the 'Reorganized' Church do not ask me Come;" Ida Stewart, a song; Julia Jacobson The halo whiclf surrounds the early-sceneIt doe3 not suit them," probably. "The Chimney Sweep," in character; "Harry's of Church history so closely interwoven with for it." the little village iron! which I write, may cause Every one- in this- vicinity, hyniliar with Bravery," by J. W. Pike, Isaac Stewart, Fred Church history, say it was well understood here Turner, Nellie i Boweh and Carrie Stewart; a few lines to be read with interest that he taught this in the JLait days .of- his Jane Gordon, a recitation, entitled, "Steenie," ADDointedbv the president of the Penn. Con a few weeks in this vicinity, I ...eventful life. One eccentric old lady, a devoted ference aged six years; Ida Leishman, a song, "The member of their church, said, "I rememoer, us Child's Message;" Rhoda Fulmer, a recitation arrived hwe the 10th ulu lhrough the kind n ess" of the directors of the town hall I ob yesterday, when an Elder told me that Joseph "Mattie's Trouble?;" Carrie Howard, a recitathe Corduroy Pants;' had received a new revelation, authorizing tion, "My Beau tained leave. to hold three meetings therein, - wh ieh 1 - did ) beari him to seal nnre than one woman-to a man for Baniie. Johnson. "The Wallflower;" Aliceng testimony .wit hall the strength God has given me to the divinity of eternity' (this while Joseph was living, mind Jacobson, a song, "Waiting for Pa;" Eunice work as inaugurated by Joseph the Latter-dayou), not to live witlrthem for this life. It Jacobson, a song, "Who Will Wear my Stove- s was Brighani jliat added to that revelation Smith, and as carried on divtnely ap pipe llatr in character, her sister, aged six pointed successors, Brigham loung and John these words: 'Now they're ours we cando as years, playing the accompaniment; Erama The "Reorganized" have a small we like with them " Brown, "Nay, Speak no 111;" Joseph Thorp Taylor. branch here, and their representatives chal Father Bond still lives, though quite feeble, and company, a song, "Lady, Awake;" Georgie Jensen, Day;" Sophia Jensen, a lenged me to affirm the question, "Does, the and is taken care of by his daughter. Baen a Friend to Me;" "The Bible teach and endorse the practice of poly TIie village is substantially the same as song, "You've Sea" was when described by an abler pen than my own, Jasper sung by the Primary choir gamy?" to which I assented. We were in your issjie of accompanied by Maud Bowen. The discussion lasted two evenings, each of and given to nrcrnnisf hv fiiir Primnrv .RJjtar nrrpnflv ceifpH .us having two speeches of thirty minutes each March. 15th, 1885. The temple is being rej j j i Hannah Jacobson. Ettie Smith, a song, '"Ten for each evening. They honored me. with their paired w th a v ie w to hoi d con ference therein, Thousand Miles Away;" Phoebe Downs, Catherablest representative lor an opponent, whose beginniiig April 6. Joseph is'alrtady in town, ine Arnold and Ellie Ellis each a recitation; chief forte was as a debater, and who, though and all their notables are expected. ' was fair and well qualified lor deserved success, I Christine Fjeldsted, Jelina and Ada Ostlund Wishing the Exponent XT each a recitation, Maggie Johnson, a recitation, lours truly. reasonably courteous; and abstained from the am. Adeline-Jeppeso- u, and low, abusive, faiseaccusations so often resorted "l horns "lhe 'mAnsrels: Young Elder. H TV I T ri 'i.!.' to by our enemies, of this clas3. noses; oaran iarsen, a recuauou; iagmar He denied that God had ever justified its Christiansen, "The Prophet's Prayer;" Amelia MiNEiisviLLE, April 12, 1887." law had Mosaic "The Sailor's Song." The ever sup Christiansen, a song, practice, cr that the . i , Editok Exponent.posed or. regulated it. Hut when cohlronted with the numerous evidences of God's special the 8th of this month, was the "The Sewing Bee," from one of the Primary Saturday, Books. favors to Abraham, Jacob and others, and sixty-nint. birthday of Sister Mary E. Light-ne- r euch passages as JJeut. xxi, lo, and xxv, o, Our Primary Stake President, Jane E. of this place. A number of Ex. xxi, 10, and xxii, 16, with many others of and ladies met at; her residence andgentlemen her Molen, and her husband were present, and we gave like import, it was too much even for the a dinner, which wa3 highly appreciated by all. were sustained by our Iiishop, Bro. Turner, nimble acrobatic feats of the Scripture twisting his Counselors, the ward generally, and quite Before partaking of dinner, at her re and ackno he wledged "Reorganized," virtually quest we sang the hymn, "Oh, my. Father." The a number of visitors. the point. He then referred to the New TestaEmma Pike, Prest., . ; . tables, laden with the good things of the earth, ment, where, in speaking of the law as a whole were then surrounded with happy faces. Sis Millie Pike, Sec. the "schoolmaster" for as a higher law, he ter Lightner with her brother, James H. Rollaw could "How the said, justify polygamy lins interested her group of friends with a when . the book condemns the law?" He review of her life. A few linea composed for words of the Savior, where he declaimed, the the occasion were read, after which Elizabeth .NOTES ABOUT WOMEN. nounces "putting away," and says of the marGilbert, Sister Lightner's aunt, who is in her ried couple, "they twain shall be one flesh," eighty-secon- d year, made some remarks; the Mrs. Mary Howij Ob as- just passed her eighty- were condemnatory of the practice. I showed closing exercises were short speeches by a num :in excellent health. pinth birthday, ah from Romans, vii, 3, that while a woman is ber of the sisters who all wished. Sister Lightforbidden to marry another while her husband ner many happy returns of the day. All llxs. Senator Sabin; of Minnesota, having no lives, the husband is not thus forbidden, and seemed to enioy themselves and I believe children of her own,' has adopted a family of his twain that they may refer to a man and we made the hearts 'of the widowed sisters for nine. second wife, as well as the first, was shown their loneliness, at least for one dav. get from 1 Cor., vi, 16. I then referred to the last Mrs. Florence Howe Hall, a daughter of . liespectluily, chapters of Judges and the 25th of Numbers; Mrs. Julia Ward Howe, has ' just completed a Ada Rollins. to show the high standard of morality required manual of American etiquette, entitled, "Social "imthe His under the ' ' of by C. Almighty people .Customs." .4l pCIlCUL iat. ' PRIMARY ENTERTAINMEMT. My friend now "considered it his turn to said to be the . Mile. Marie Deraismes-i- s a rush to the defense of modern methods, and only woman freemason in France. She is this valiant champion of moraTityTwhose sensiadvo'The Sixth WardrPfimary" Association of good speaker, a terse, writer, and a strong had tive olfactories took such Pecksniffian an entertainment on Friday even- - cate of. Logan suffrage for women. at the loose morality of the ancient Patriarchs ing, the lith ot March, commencing at half of who held converse with Deity, after he iad past seven o'clock. The object? was to encourae-Miss N. B. Cummings, now the librarian labored near one and a half hours to show that the children .to" speak correct"! y and cultivate the Department of Justice, at Washington, is Abraham, Jacob and David were bad, sinful good manners, and to show-th- e parents what a daughter of a former justice of the Supreme their children are capable of doing. The Court of Pennsylvania, and is regarded as one men, after he had lobbied in Washington for the enactment of oppressive laws for the punish- - programme was filled entirely by our Primary of the best authorities on law books in toe ot iueui oi me compeers oi me mangneu pain- - cnnaren, ana was as ioilows: She is literally an encyclopaedia country. archs for practicing Biblical doctrine, rushed Prayer by Fred Turner. Jr.: "The Wplmp " reports, rendering invaluable aid to the lawyers ense-xf-- the i ty-- of-n i n e -r Jonesand-teent- h assailedpu byIaud 4wennd0mpany-Ad- a ho use the extensive library oi uiai- ucentury "civilization," and spent much Alice Jacobson, a song, entitled, "Grandpa's ment. , . - - . ... - . s - - - to-lab- or -- -- -- - -- y by-hi- "The-Washin- your-reader- g s . brow-beatin- g, --e .1 r- . h - , ' 1 . -- a-the-def - - - - 