WOMAN'S EXPONENT. -- 104 Divine will, w'ehavelost aiioble mother in Zion, an exemDeceased wa$ bom in Ephraim, Sanpete Co., Utah, thatrb-'kinin'-a- ll and; Joveabler faithful and June 28th, 1862, and was, married to Joseph E. Johnson' plary Saint household have true,: And her sons and daughters and January i8lh, 1878. She was of a kind and gentle disposisuffered a los that can never ,b replaced till fhey meet the tion, and an earnest worker in the cause of truth. She was loved one aain inthe resurrection of the just. Be it fur a.member of our S ciety, and was chosen President of the ' V. ; .... : ther .. ,. Y. L. M. I. A. when it was first organized in this place, arid Resolved That a copy of this preamble arid resolutions retained that position until about a year ago The to the Southern States, husband was on be sent to the family of our beloved sister; also to the but returned home a few days after her burial. She leaves ..South Eastern Independent and the WOMAN'S EXPONa loving husband nnd two little children, and a large circle ENT.' ' ' of friends and relatives to mourn her departure.' . (Signed). Com. J. P. Lindsay, the organization of our Association. .It is a down face good time to review the past, to sit to face with our conscience "and scrutinize our done inner self and ask ourselves if Association' a all that we could to make our success.. Is it our fault that- our' meetings are not verv well attended, and .that our Associa tion is not in as good a condition as it should Vhat benefit have our, meetings been to be? What us? flow much have we improved? What have we learned during the pat year? have we done for tbeadvailcement of our Association? Have we attended our meetings faithfully, and used 'our talents and energy to promote its interests? Are we better daughters, e -- - sifters, wives! or mothers since we became members of the Improvement Association? If we are not better iuevery respect than those who do not attend our meetings, our Association 13 a failure as far as we are concerned. But it is not a failure to those who take advantage ot the opportunities it affrds for doing good toothers as well as themselves, tor it is a lact,. that in teaching others we are taught, and in blessing we are blessed. Who can engage in a greater work than teaching the principles of eternal life by precept and exam pie? "Blessed are those who keep the commandments of iod and teach others to do the same."' We didnot come upon this earth simply to eat, drink and fritter "away pur iimeTsking enjoyment in the vain things of the world, but we had an ofejecr in view, a mission to perform, and the little time allotted to us in mortality is all the time we have to obtain that object, to fill our mission and prepare for the great etermtyi)eforeJi3J, Life at best is short and uncertain, surely we should make the best of the little time we stay, and make a good record, one that we will Our character is all not be ashamed there is of us, and we have it in our own hands to say what it shalT be; it is all we can take with us. The record of a well spent life gives more satisfaction than anything else on earth, and will receive t lie greatest gift from our Father, even eternal life. ton. - -- we-'hav- X ed . Elizabeth Collings, L. M. ' DIED, in Mill Creek Ward, Salt Lake County, October 17th, 1887, after a lingering illness of more than one year, Albertine Arirninta North, born Dec. 22nd, 1867. was a young lady of exemplary character, and her acts in life were those of a good and pure girl, and she bore her long illness with patience and f jrtitude. r She was a member of the Y. L. M. I. A. and a teacher in the Sab De-ceas- ed bath School, and was always willing to cheerfully respond o all calls made upon her. She lived and died a true Saint. She leaves a' father and mother, brothers and sisters, and a large circle of friends to mourn her loss. Her friends feel to sympathize with Brother and Sister North and family in their sad bereavement, and feel to ask the blessings of heaven to rest upon them to comfort and -" """""" """" , " cheer" their heartsT Lat-ter-d- - J ay R.K: THOMAS EMPORIUM CABLE ---- """ Hart, Annie Laker, ; Sarah Holmes. . to-me- et.' ; I earnestly desire that we awaken from our indifference, and learn to appreciate the. day in which. we live and the privileges that surround U3, and trust that through our energy and faithfulness our Association will be much im- anniversary dawns upon proved when another ' us. ; ' M. E. Teasdale. Patents have beeu issued to women during HheweekttidinflrN Haunah C. Bailey,Utica. N. Y., attachment for Beds for Invalids. Estella Case, Newport, N. Y., Combined Shoulder-brac- e and back-suppor- t. Louise D. Feen,'Cincinnti, O., Fire-escap- e. Emma J. Whitman, Oakland, Cal., 4r SAT.T LAKE CITY. IN MEMORIAM. The undersigned officers of the Relief Society and the Oiisl Stakef Ziort3Ving Bear-Lak- e- . Fence-rai- l. A. Downey, Oberlin, O., Toaster. Maude Murray, B6rdstown,.Ky., Holder for Bed co vers. Hattie S. Works, Brooklyn, N. Y., Frame for Signs. appointed a committee of one to ftraft resolutions of sympathy and condolence,' received and adopted the following resolutions, as an expression of their sympathy and affection, and in recognition of the noble life and excellent character of the late Elizabeth Pugmire, who died at her residence in Inasmuch as it has pleased God in His infinite wisdom tq take from us a wise counselor, a kind and loving sister, a fond and devoted mother; arid "an upright and faithful member of the Church of Christ, whose life has been devoted to her family, her friends and the kingdbm of God; one who in the darkest storms has never faltered, and while passing through privations, suffering and afflictions through the inhumanity of professing Christians being driven from "Nauvoo in 1846 left with her first born upon the desert, surrounded by others as helpless and destitute as herself, while her husband, the late Jonathan Pugmire, with the noble 500 had gone to Mexico to fight the battles of the nation, that could not or would not protect these'TnTuch" abused exiles from those who had despoiled them of their goods, robbed them of their homes and killed their prophets under all these trying circumstances our brave and faith- - ' of herxoTivictiuns, her de votion to her husband her religion and hr God. And when the time came that she was called to share her home and her husband with other wives, our sister was equal to the occasionand to the 4ay of her death devoted herself, to their interests and comfort all dwelling together in peace, love and union an evidence to God. angels and men that plural marriage is productive- of the best interests and greatest blessings of humanity, when entered upon-anconducted in ;ihe spirit of the Gospel, Sister Pugmire was the chief manager of the St. Charles store for many years, and in which she was eminently, As Secretary of the Relief successful. Society of the Bear Lake Stake, and Counselor to the President, of the Stake Primary Association, our sister was appreciated by all who knew her. Inthe discharge of her dutie, she often traveled from Woodruff in Utah, to Soda Springs in Idaho. It was on her last trip to Soda Springs that she was taken with a congestive chill, from which she never recovered- .- It may be said she died in the Gospel harness fuhy equipped in fighting the god fight of faith, and died with a sure and certain hope of a resurrection to eternal life. Therefore" JA.:iE3 TINNERS, CAS, WATER DIED, in Huntington, Emery Co., Utah, October 15th, 1887, Catharine A. Johnson, wife of Joseph E. Johnson, and daughter of Pter and Catharine Johnson, of AddMsi. Hunting CA7ID."Ari. 3CC. SALT ""LAI Z CIT7. Will be found the latest styles in '' pi eductions - . LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, FANS, .GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES, And an elegant assortmenf of BBY O-OOD- S: Special department for Ladies' Misses' and Shoes. In-ant- 's " 1 12, 1 Far isM 14, 1 16, 1 18 East Temple Str jdELIZAtMs amco. BOOKS BY ' R. SHOW. PRIMARY SPEAKER, Nos. 1 and S, - 25c. per copy MUdfU BOOK for " Primary Hymn Book. 40c. " . POEMS by E R. 3now, Vol. 1, $1.00 ' V ol. J, containing steel engraTing In boand " Qthor. morocco, 1.25 CORRESPONDENCE OF PALESTINE Resolved, That in the death of Sister Elizabeth iWmir we have lost a true and valued friend, a wise counselor and a ready and faithful worker in all that tends to the advancement of truth wisdom, hsnor and Be intelligence " '"""'" . . Resolved, furthermore, That in . this dispensation of the. FITTERS AT TEAS D EL'S and - it & STEAM CO., Special to the Ladies. co-o- p . dz Agent for RUJI SHY'S celebrated LI FT and FOlt- - E PUMPS. Pumps Repaired on sho-- i notice. Orders irbm the country promptly res patuleJ lo. -- OBITUARIES. orrse L R.K THOMAS SI. Charles, Idaho, Nov. 13th, 1887: be it Retail The Leading - Patents have been issued to women during thb week ending November 15, 1887, asfoK ' lows: Addie" Mv Brock, North Plaiufield, N. J., Julia Clara E. Snkdaker, In behalf cf the Y. L. M. I. A. of Mill Creek Ward;1 ltLKl3Td, with Btel engraTinps of. ' - George A. Smith and Lorenzo Snow, bound in cloth, $1.25, In morocco, - 10 " 