83 WOMAN'S EXPONENT, BY Mrs. Dinah Mark A. C. BOWERS A poet!s vision clad An the fair guise and Of a lily, all in white gold''''' for form the Hers not passionate arms. to fold; She loves, but loves in such angelic wise . But if some lofty purpose were tcrserve," The fair and delicate figure then would seem One who could w ilk, with straight unshaken The flaming city of t!ie unpardoned dead to the Florentine in lurid dream), tread, Times-Democra- Craik who died in October, 1887. was ". England, on the ltylr'-'horn at.,Stoke upon Trent in 1 820. Next to times George El iott as an authoress her name 'must stand. Her books have a very refined character, taken as a whole. She. has studied human nature and woman's.; nature pretty thoroughly. Her books are as popular in America as .in England, but not more so. Her first work of fiction that attracted attui-- . tion, and it is said todiejtW flrt attempt, at romance was entitled, "The Ogilvies," she was then 23 years of age. The next year he published "6 ive;" at' the age 0 0 "The Head of ' the Family;" shortly after "Agatha's Hus band." and from that time en hus.writtenvol-umafter volume.' "John Halifax, Gentle man" is considered by mo?t people her best work; though I greatly prefer some others-'- her women are generally well drawir and strong minded.her men weaker and yet, the newspaper; t critic., some of them say, she makes iwimen t"'o submissive and subservient... To me, she seems to have the best ideas of woman, women must: .'give ifth eyjex pect to receive, must honor if they expect to bo honored. ,Mi$ Mu lock's "Hannah" is the best argument of the injustice of the old English law" against marriage with atler.eased wile's sister .that ' I have ever seeu and ought to have as much weight with the English people and Parliament 'in the annull-- " in" of that law as "Uncle Tom's Cabin" had in the United States in abolishing. slavery. Among literary people Mrs. Craik was a great favorite though I knoff very little of her except from her writings. To rue she seems a woman .'of wonderful imaginative capacity, con in characterupright,-strdight-forwar- d, scientious, apj)reciative and honest. Well ar q jainted with EiTglish 7life in itsiealty, I hope some day to see in print a sketch of her home lite written by one who votild do her ' ' '7 ample justice.. Ed. ... iol-lows:- . (Shown Serene and Scatheleess thro the infernal glow Nor touch of fire upon her raiment know. New Orleans Muh-c- in-mod- ern As might some wanderer irom the upper skies, VV ho wears, with rosy lips of ,tenderest curve,' of saintly eyes.' The starry purity '. the jMu'rnalisl. an! Mary Anderson, who placed exotics. .upon the coffin a basket of exquisite I must not forget Mrs Craik's adopted daughter, whose banns were read in church only last.; Craik. During Sunday in 'the' presence of. a hedge side walk, years ago, the authoress found a babe that had been abandoned. Her jnnocent smiles and coquettish ways immedwho iately wonjhe heart of her futu re mother, adopted and reared her., 11 er own : hymn. The village choir, as the coffin was lowered, Ali.-- s Mulock sang a, hymn which it was said hadwritten, one vere ot which I stud, as D. M. M ULOCK V CU AI Iv. ROMOLA. t. ' : ; e ; TO PATRIAR olC'V. D. YOUNG. OCTOBER I9TH, 1887. Dear Unc'e, once again we come, . U ith. lowing, hearts, la greet your And find you still in this dear home, Where" 'tis so good to meet you. How many in the passing year Have gone to other places; Some honored much, some very dear, W hose names fond memory traces. Imprisoned, exiled, sank and died, And thus escaped each jailer, Our faithful President and guide, 'I he valiant, brave John Taylor. F. M. Little, too,"' So kind and so attentive, Your nephew, Has also passed to regions new The world held ho preventive. And, shall I mention yc ur dear boy, Your Brigham? whose transi:ion Brings tears, not alt of grief, we joy That he fulfilled his mission. -- To-da- y, last tributes of respeet, 77 " ', - . , , her "death that Ur ' Phillip-- , of Bromley a village adjacent to Shortlands, where she lived, " hull bee ' iii'H tte'n"dttliccT-:- p m M rsT Cr ai kfor sometime, although her health had not been so bad as to occasion serious concern tocher " " friends. Hut there is rensoncto believe that she herself suspected an affection of the heart. About a quarter to five on We'dnebdav afteruoou last she was taken suddenly ill in her bedroom and . fell down, to die iu a few minutes. 11 ' ',; THE VICAR'n TRIBUTE. . The vicar, in a brief address, seems to have well summed up Mrs. Craik's mental characteristics when he s?aid: . "To exquisite charm of style, ingenuity of plot and original 'power of humor and pathos she added a keen insight into the.workings of the human heart and a quick conception of hi ah ideas of life and duty." Cablegram to the New York Herald." - ' ' 1 . n But let me not. too long retain Your mind on heavy crosses, To each of these we count great gain, We only bear the losses. old-fashion- And you still live and battle on, . S ith cares both light and weighty, While years anct years have pass'd and gone, Till yours have numbered eighty. '.'..-- . - m How long, how very long to live, And yet you seem so sprightly, I often wonder if we give Your dates and figures rightly. How many, many faithful ones Have gone, and thus bereft us - ' The funeral of Mrs. Craik. best known as Mis Mulock, took place in London, Oct, 16th.: l remains rest in a corner angle of "' Signora Crispi, tfie wife of the the Italian IKeTKeston churchyard, not far Irom the grave Minister, is mucli interested in tha education .' of her c 7' of Darwin. 'untry womeuT Fu lyu nderstandrng " When the family cortege left the pretty how use fu ha friendly" intercourse with foreign vine embowered villa built" or red tile, Gothic ladies would be,she means to establish in Rome an international La lies' Clubwhere women of style, where she had so long lived with her husband (a partner in Macmillau & Co's), there all nations can meet. A reading room will be was brilliant sunshine; but when the bier, borne' 'open and lectures given,.and discussions may upon the shoulders of six gentleman friends of be held of the means to establish industrialchurch a Ischobls for women and technical instruction. thefarnilv, entered the be followed shower of rain gently fell, to by Jennv Lind lives in London in a house when the service which the genial sunshine, surroundand with vines covered vicar performed was ended ed by trees and flowers'. She is a confirmed inA PICTURESQUE GRAVE. v valid, and very rarely sees c tilers. To all Americans who Juiock at her door to pay their The grave presented a picturesque appearrespects, the servant, who has liveoSwith her ance, its sides and bottom being in pure white for the past, thirty years, delivers the message chalky Soil surrounded with exquisite flowers, that "Jenny Lind wishes them to say that she from wreaths sent by order of the Queen nd will never cease to love the American people by Lord Tennyson,, and other floral designs with all her heart." She hs just had a stroke which were sent by relatives and friends, to the of general paralysis.vwhich, however, has left modest gdts of wild flowers from Sunday her brain unimpaired. School children and rural neighbors. There . Miss Phebe.Couzins ha3 taken the usual oath was a large attendance of some; who came to honor themselves by payingtheir respect to the of office, and is regularly installed as city mar-sha- ll of St Louis. Shefound no difficulty in 'memory of the novelist, poet and esrayist, and of throngs of neighbors who chiefly recoguized obtaining bondsman for $20,000. The back salin her Joss that of a good friend and benevolent ary d ue her father.of $2,500, has been paid to her. lady whom all the parish had learned to love. .: Miss Couztus has th3 distinction of being the first woman to hold this office. It is reported SOME OF THE MOURNERS. that Miss'Couzius said to President Hayes, just Mac-millafter his inauguration, that it wa3 a pity some Among the mourners were the brothers and their families; John Morley, the w.imau lawyer like herself was not the chief statesman nnd author; Holmau Hunt.R. A., justice who administered the oath to the President. "In that case," gallantly replied "Mr. and wife; Sir George Grove, the great musical Hayes,,4I should have kissed, not the book,but critic; J. Norman Lockyer, the poet; Henry Craik, 0. 13 , and family; Frederick Greenwood, the chief justice." ' . . The last of all your mother's sons, Her daughters all have left us; 7.7 Her-morta- To one of Zion's numbers Long years her leading architect-TrumaO. Angel slumbers. .j: I learned concerning the circumstances of TIIE FUNERAL. And faithful to each covenant He'cLmade before itigh iieaven, Was satisfied and well content- With th' last summons given. , II KR II LNKSS AND DEATH. . . ' "Earth to earth' and dust to dust. . Calml now thy vords ye say. Left behind, we wait in trust For the Resurrection; Day. Father, in thy,gra.cious keeping . Leave we now thy servant sleeping.' V ,1 ' -r- ' , , , ! Why is it that my thoughts will turn - ' To those who dwell above us? Perhaps because our hearts so yearn For those we love who love us. m Now, should I pause and try again Of sadder things I'm fe.rful; And so will lay aside the pen-L- et's talk of something cheerful. . " Lula. " 