42 that she has. gained . Hamlet's repulsion was the causc of his all's spent," 'she feels, alb Lady Macbeth had yet sacrificed rushing in her presence, wild in hi attire, but, .nothing, wonderful' will power, which" enabled her to Bet with a look so piteous that it smote her heart, ho had sworn to do. aside all scruples in gaining the object of her hoe made verv easv worK ior xuucoeiu uv she goes to her father to aquaint him with her ambition. . This power was tne result oi nerv for her Jove. With drugging the attendants; and, indeed, would fears, that Hamlet wasjnad s pleased; his' resentment have herself, dispatched .Uuncan: out;true to this news, Polonius-iwe find : her rapidly-failinHad ahe her fears, her conscience rushes, on her undisappears, and he hastens to inform the king Duncan, goue on with Macbeth and taken an active part awares and for the moment triumphs her and queen. The plan is then made for Ophelia in the murders ho committed, subsequently to meet Hamlet and offer to return his rememhand is restrained by the king's resemblance retained this power, to her lather; the does not, however, hesitate in brances, the scane is to be viewed from a place ;f lie could have perhaps of concealment by Polonius and the king, but we never hear of her in connection with wicked deeds again, though the heart-brokewhere they await in joyful expectation of disThe murder committed, he is seized with inreference she makes in the sleep walking .seen finite terror and remorse, while the latter U covering that the sequel of Hamlet's madness, Thane of Fifes wife, is evidence that she beginning to find its way to Lady Macbt th's is hTs love for Ophelia. But Hamlet heap3up; to the will on Ophelia's head invectives, and accuses - her is informed of- Macbeth's actions. She hag heart: nevertheless: she summons enough " nothing left but to brood over the fresh crimes and strength to carry the daggers Macuem of deceit, tells her he did love her once, and of her husband as well as her own past ones, had brought in his confusion, back to the iiipon her replying, ''Indeed, mv Lord, you chamber where Duncan lies slain; theu, after, made me believe so," he continues, ''You and having lost her will through inactivity the should not have believed it. I loved you not.' veil drops from her conscience she had bo rudely ine,iriiig the grooms with blood, she returftVto covered, and bares it to the view of her raind. exclaim: In this, scene he lacerates her heart- unmerciOphelia cared not for the title quecn(though fully Ophelia scarcely replies to his cutting "My hinds arc of your color; but I shame To wear a heart s j while. 7 remarks, but when he has gone out from her the chance of her obtaining it was perhaps The knocking at the gates has already be- - presence, she utters a cry:, loved Loil'Hamlet vith all the power of her U m woe sends Macbeth and ihough it neany mad, "Oh, gun, heart, yet sacrificed her feelings uncomplain his wife does not waver a moment: she almost To see what I have seen, see what I see!" Wc next see Ophelia at. the play in comingly at her father's command filial obedience . . drag3 him from where he stands transfixed. It is in thii scene, where Lady Macbeth iJid- pany wi th the lvbg,jQ,ueen aii(l Court, here usurped ambition's place. Ophelia's powen she is for once happy; Hamlet reclines at. her were noUTeveloped, yet x we realize. i it .required plays her 8upehu . f .. .. t. i r.i everything that comes in her way; :she ascends feet, and ulter3 not a word of ecern or re- - a. great, uLuuuuL ui v, in to eAtxuie ucr miuer commands in regard to Lord Hamlet. She to the topmost tower of her strength: the effort jroach. (This ii the last time Hamlet' is perrr'wPA Jinrl exercised h.a too a qutet firmness and did not waver a hut not mitted to behold Ophelia. On that veiy night, wav. Rnnn rrpnt. ttjw fy J "I before she ftain in he fatally stabsTolonius, Ophelia's father, mis- - moment frora-t- he course she believed to be exerciitf'af'reflt o d the banquet scene, when she seeks to bring taking him for tho king. right, her will wa.3 excited and dictated bv Macbeth to his healthy mind, as the apparition Pour Ophelia! her brother iu a foreign land, purely conscientious scruples. Lady JlacbetFi is a moving power of action, Ophelia is carried of Banquo rises before liim; she also endeavors her father slain, and by the idol of her heart on with the currents of human events. to give proper explanations of his wild actions who wn$ left to support, and console her now? t to the company,-buHer ulrj.i ly wounded spirit was crushed by . The former has keen perceptive faculties, sh a finding him growiug and reads the, minds of others, she suspects people. she her wilder, this bl .v. and her fine and sensitive intellect graowrju strength 7fai!i'ig, ciously dismisses the company. Though she completely dethroned by the horror and grief io yvrw i,u vicwuc, iil Ug 11 AtU UU M 11UC had uttered the most cuttiug sarcasm to her of the situatiou.5 of action, she follows it up, letting nothing into recall his she better s:us terfere jvith her progress. The latter, herself husband, wisdom, She appears before us now, the ''queen of a 'tint ft iranl nf wnrnorli whpn th';nr. nrA !f7 fantastic realm;" her thoughts are combina-tion- i pure, fancies the motives of others above susalone there is something touchiug in this si of disjointed things," but unmerciful fate picion, she is left very little to decide for 'her-- ' lence; she loves her husband, aud her ambition is not yet satisfied: Ophelia is destined to live self. All her actions are a natural result of has ever been for him, more than herself; she on yet a little longer. what precedes. While Lady Macbeth' creates , could not have dona all uiiLYithmjrf-l"The ruined wall stands opportunities, Ophelia" is wholly governed by selfish motives. those already iu existence. Lady Macbeth, inWhen the windworn battlements are gone, She is not haunted by,gho?ts or terrified' by The bars survive the captive they enthrajjl; stead of trj iug to curb evil thoughts, courts Macbeth as is, fjr during The day drags through, though storms keep out the sun, (faggers them, and steels her heart against the influence live within all is will her heart thus the heart on." And of break, yet brokenly herwaking moments, good. She appears to have ho bej'ef in the concealed-b- ut existence-o--pjw- er she is troubled with ''Thick Macbethriia-productio:- is and Lady .Ophelia greater than the mind. . p : r: ; i fn t Evil seems to fear Ophelia, she ha3 a firm be-- " coming iancics. inai Keen ner irom ner rest. of Shakspeare, are equally great in their sep A somnambulist,, hauuiug the house like, a arate spheres, though nearly three centuries lief in Sweet Heaven and in Heavenly Powers. speotre, "with eyes open to external things, Macbeth were took created by have passed away since they her own life to escape Lady but with sense shut,"he sees the spots of blood au inspired pen, yet, the terriblo to rack. nn nhnapYl of shins continue nncninv in they on her haadsand seeks to wash them away. the universe of literary characters as stars of Ophelia was unwittingly the cause of her own Alas! a little water might wash the filthy wit- - tue nrsi death, a victim to circumstances produced by raaguuuae. nessfrom her hand, but it cannot wipe out the From the study of these two characters we omers. remembrance of it, iior will "all the perfumes get a.knowledge of the capabilities, powers and Lady Macbeth Vomes before 'us for the last oi AraDia sweeten that little hand ! ol time limita mind. also the the and, aa we gaze on her face, we realize Ophelia, the daughter of tho We cannot conceive of two characters more that bad, unscrupulous and powerful as she had north, arouses all our sympathies and we lovo unlike. Lady Macbeth ! what a feeling of been, her heart is broken and bleeding, her her for her untainted purity of heart. She is strangely mingled with awe and pity conscience is sorely awakened and she is underand her mind not We very young is awakened by the very name, abhoivnce fur developed. going the severest pang3 of remorse. No longer first behold her when she is bidding farewell to ambitious she stands before us a thiog of almost hei; wickedly deeds, awe for her superher brother, Laertes, there u an expression of for and her mind shatwill, human superhuman pity, but a creature of abject sadness on her face which cling3 there. Laertes tered by the shocks of many crimes Ophelia, helplessness. She steals away and we know it thinks it his duty to warn Ophelia against the on the exe'tes our love for her sweetis with the terrible guilt unwashed from her contrary, "importunities of Lord Hamlet," tells her to ness, our admiration for her sincerity and our soul. There is no chance of forgiveness for her, think them sprrow for her the retribution is just ..We think of her yet "Forwaid, not permanent, sweet, not lasnjj. Before we judge Lady Macbeth too with now harshly eyes all moistened with tears, but our The perfume and suppliance of a minute; no more!" let us remember that the moral tendency of her hearts are we sigh for her and our lips Ophelia replies half . unconscious! v, "Xo ago was bad, in that ainbkiou, an element of are mute--. heavy, so." but She believes in the sincerity of lite most necessary when more, kept within healthy Although insanitv is considered the most di her lover, but promises to keep her brother's bounds, was carried to excess; her perverted calamity, yet it comes like a ministering angel counsel as 'watchman to her heart." nature was to a greater or less extent the effect w , She replies. to her father's questioning on the of. it. v('ui,im ij eyuij lUf vvuim sue BOjouruB here does she not suffer that poignant grief that ' same subject, that Hamlet had given htr many Ophelia, was troughLup in the strictest sewould have forever been with her. tenders of his affection in honorable fashion. clusion from society and only the better part Poloniu3 perplexes and wounds her vucniu, juu nave passeu irom mis of her nature was cultivated. She wa3 ignorby his life with those wild, sad songs on your lips harsh language, but she receives it with quiet ant of evil, and this at times iVths have suffered much. Unused as you were you tubmission;,and upon his commanding her to it her seeming weakniiudeduess. to care and troubles your heart was broken giv; no more words with Lord Hamlet, she re1 he chief element of char-acte- r and LadyMaebeth's your mind was shattered by the wicked gies "I shall obey, my Lord." is ambition; she wishes Macbeth to be acts-o- f others. We would with "the Oueenhave The anguih this cost her was known only to aud herself his queen, yet, when this n king hcridf. joyed to see you the wife of your love, Hamlet, finally accomplished,-shfays "nought's had, but that, being made imp6?eible, we feel a tort I recount thv love' inspired the faltering Macbtth with the determination: to do all that ; g. -- n - a .a "T 1 . - - heart-broke- n , : - . . jvill-nowi- ir i V 1 l v TV -.- air-draw- n 1 i -- fuir-baire- d. ah-horen- ce will-powe- self-sacrific- -- - ... -- . e "r r, 