WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 1C9 he was plotting with Missouri officials for the de. j object of the members in meeting together. These 4 native wood, highly polished, was carried" by the struction of the Prophet, organisations were afterwards called Young Ladies' jj members of .the High Couijicilof this Stake, Improvement Associations, and have since derthe "di7fecTionof vP'rest "Angus Mr-'' Cannon', Joseph Smith taught the principle' of celestial marrias-to Miss Snow, and she believed his in. been organized in every ward in the several Stakes $ The congregation assembled there, was very large, and no woman could have, more respect paidher solred words and became his wife iri that holy H f Zion. The next most important event in the lire of $ than was given to this distinguished woman and felt that nor sarrifire was U rAar v 11 uiuwi jj '" Zion's Poetess and The Elect Lady. too f? re at to establish again on earth the hew and t sister Eliza was her journey to the Holy Land The' organ and the speakers' stands were draped Apostle Lorenzo Snow met her -in 0den, and 1111 va rvji t u VUV K l till W M'irhVht Geo. in in New A. Smith joined the party white, in accordance with the fishes of the deholy order of the Melchisedec Priesthood. In the Prest. York. Sister E. R. S. S. left Salt Lake City on ceased, and long sprays of green vines were hung Temple at Nauvou Sister Eliza received a fulness M ' 26th of October, 1872. The company, sailed the, insuch a way as to give a .graceful and pretty ef-- . the of given on the steamer Minnesota for Liverpool on the 6th pi feet to the drapery Vases of ilowers were in that sacred house of the Lord. At the time of placed here and there upon the stands. On and the exodus she came with the first company that 01 .November. fcJ Sister Eliza's visits while in the Holv Land to around the coffin, which rested in' front of the left Nauvooin February, and crossed the Missis. the places of note are alfgraphically described in i$ Bishops' standj were choice flowers in the most in the company of Col. Markham 1 r4;..i7;;jlL:; un-Mut- -- e , l- - V I JLCl -- -- ordinances-and-blessihgsahat-u- ere Stephen. sippl the book entitled, "Correspondence of the Pales-- 1 beautiful Resigns, wreaths, crosses, anchors,' and of others thousands with and family, camped We shall only mention her; visit j crowns, etc,, the gifts of loving friends,- - and a who .were living wagons preparatory ff tine Tourists." to the Mount.of Olives. O.n Sunday", 'March 2nd, M heaf .of ripe wheat, tied with white ribbon, em" to starting on the journey to the Rocky Mountains. a poem, 1873; with Prest. George A. Smith and party, all jp blematic of her ripe age, and that her work was On the 19th of February, 1846, mounted on horseback, she ascended to the sum- - m finished. Prest; Angus M. Cannon conducted expressing the condition of the exiles ; and aftermit of that mountain. They had senj t the services. The choir sang the hymn beginning, wards, again and again,' poetry possessing origin " ' .. before them tent, table, seats and carpet. The m .." Know inai my Kearcmer lives. ality and graphically describing the seethes and $ under there conducted service and was tent pitched incidents in the lives and journeyirigs of the Alexander Prayer was offered u Saints. : Col.- Markham stopped bv the wav. as luc ,auu" U1 uic uu.y p icsmwu. n. uu.u ''' '. did many others, to put in grain and make settle- - g impossible to give in detail at this time the places The choir sang the. beautiful hymn composed Jle visited, or the poetic thoughts she poured ments-fothose - by S i s t er - i z a h e r s e f, H lnrin in verse .?! sne iuuy enjeu. vmn ulCiC minus of August they a teamster Pisgah in sacred history,and was always Paces' noted "O, my Father, 'I hou that dwelfest,". anH SistPr Mnrkhm falling cirk. .Sisr F.lira was . r J ; . !.t.-'...- l i i . i . e'i iici.uY left to drive. She sauTsToonneanie'hWK Pieasea 10 in interested conversing On g wzti, and particularly andgeeaDd acquitttdihersel creditably. the 27th they crossed the Misouri River at CounciPl witRlhose.wIaTTmveTeoTeTjh Sister Eliza reached home on the evening of the sulhme sentiments of devot.on to our Gud. Our Bluffs, and the next day. arrived at Winter Quar of August 1st she srster, whose casket lies bctore.us, was well ters. With the continued hardship and constant 6th of July. In the Exponent hed to come to earth at the t.mef her advent, in Utah." exSister Eliza's health broke down, a slowj published a "Salutation to the Ladies and her sisterly : r mm the tune she heard the insPed utterance fever set in and chills and fever followed, and she X pressing her joy, her good feeling Ul mc . . sne auuiesstu a "11.1-"u tuua cic buici) unci icu iu love, and on me 17m oi.ugusi iuici, . , lay m me wagon very in ; me neavy autumnal rains muse .m iauic m u.e uguc. idl)CI- itainmg the servants ot God. cameon,..and she was often dripping wet from very large assembly nacle, and afterwards in Provo, and from that time fj took the most exquisite.'.fl.ghts. When her voice head to foot; she' herself realized her condition, hie frr it K c Vi.n tTpnrrl7. ttimnlitimr lior. and that she was near the gates of deathShe tf 0n.ri.5s lonS is " ?be was physically. able, she --- -3 y S.M v summoned all her energies,and supreme fakh came travelea amonS ine peopie, organumg me sisters. been inumately acquauued ,ith the deceased of and interesting them in the duties to her aid, though many died 'in consequence of encouraging late years, more so than formerly, althugh in the privation and hardships. When Sister'EIiza Pertaining to their missions here upotfeanh; and h seed Planted bearing prec.ous . boyhood he had looked upon her as among the by'..her was still ill and very feeble, she received the sad the ruit in the hearts. and lives of the women and jJ nob lest of her sex. She was fitted to be the wife news of her mother's death. She bore it with the the valleys oT the mountains. j of the great Prophet of the Nineteenth century, patience and resignation characteristic of her g.cMldren throughout events connected J Her husband had given' his life's blood for the uf---. u O11 There are so' many important u.,w sue r iicvcu uicti .uL auc tuuiu YTuuic inc. imjutiu & . ...1.. if .t .f r!.1..Pi!.i-,.,UoiMcr n,wuCu uuc 53 wun me me or icicti, uFu muuc. Wl ..cuC,Huui., She had followed his never again behold her again in the flesh. Of late her heart had been we neea t leacnings idiuiiuny ? tne mat tney wouio nil volumes, anu . f In June, 1847.4? after the Pioneers had started ny nnlvpast, sav that hpr whole life and energies were de. k moved by a prospect of her brethren and sisters , . enroute to the Kocky Mountains, to seek out a i , t . . . voted and consecrated to the work of God upon ! having to pass through, great tribulation, before , , . the deliverance of the Saints should be accom... .. trie eartn. , T . ner pilgrimage witn me tamiiy ot tiro. Kooert At the Sisters' Quarterly Conference, held in the plished. paid a glowing tribute to Pearce,in the company under charge of Captain S Atfm. 1;, TnP m.h iSSr, PrP,t. the worth of the departed, who wa,s exemplary. Jedediah M Grant. When this company would nominated Sister E. R. S. Smith to I and noble in every particular -- during her earthly me ana nere ana mere u nna me iracK 01 pioneers, , . , , . rr V" ' . .. ., preside over the Kehef Society of the Church fO probattot..-2 a. a. 1111.1 a.it tv.ii U" vino uuuaiu otvuii, the world,- and she was sus- . un.ai.m.u' . . ELDER JOSEPH C. KINGSBURY n Jesus Christ in all d . Thiscompariy-arrivetzxt gerferarumenDrjOTcnig; vote 5 conference tained unanimous a . , arlv3 m flrtrinr and PrMinpnt M in tnp valfpf endorsed every word' already spoken concerning . . , , aShechoseas her Counselors at that time Sisters hi our deceased sister, who, was one of the earliest VUUi? 7c. ur o H o rnm S Zina D. Young and Elizabeth Ann Whitney, who f I 7fk n nrhrv VAnnoto embrace the truth and the new and everlasting nrii . . . . were also nominated by Prest. Talor and sus- fl un-him from tj that time covenant. She Jiad made a sacrifice that had in the pioneers, and panied 11 tamed in like manner: Sister Sarah M. Kimball . . . .. .. been accepted of the Lord. ' So also should vve be ii.ner death bister Jiliza resided with the tamiiy ot- a I sa hell a .Home: t M . and Sister TT I A. " iL. me uua was $as becretary, nuuse jji jgutiu i oung, aim mier ready to make any sacrifice that may be required and" at the General Conference in Treasurer, built she lived there permanently until her of us, that we may be justly entitled to a similar these sisters were sustained by afterwards, April, death. re ward. unanimous vote. Sister Eliza has had many ova- fi Sister Eliza was designated by Joseph Smith tions and tributes of.honor, and she has proved ELDER J. B. NOBLE. the Prophet, "Zion's Poetess," a title she. has alworthy of all: She leaves behind, her excellent pj He was grateful for the opportunity to bear his ways retaiaed, and from time to time she has con- example and teachings, and her books, which will p testimony to the worth of Sistei Eliza. From the tinued to write, to within a few months of her de preserve her memory ever fresh in the archives of commencement of her labors in this work he was raise, vvnen me Keiiet society was reorganized n of the church. Sister Eliza has ever been brave, Id favored with her society. He crossed the desert in the valleys here, President Young gave bister g QfrnnranH unflinching in the positions she has Mfrom Nauvoo valley in her company. Her Eliza a mission to assist the bishops in organizing, has been one of the very highest grade. She' held,, and such a life needs no comment, for her jp hfe and to take with her as a help ar.d counselor Sis has for. f1 works' words and her her, but the accompli ihed a' mighty work in the fullest speak ter Zina D. Young. From that time to this she H of Zion shou'd emulate- - her wise ex- - m' sense"; If behooves us to look into our own has labored earnestly and faithfully in the interests f daughters and follow in her footsteps. of the women , of Zion, traveling from place to J ample M obeying the golden rule. He asked the blessing v SERVICES. FUNERAL in all kinds of weather, wherever there was I place Ui nf the Lard unon the relativps nnd thp clctirc-n- f an opportunity of doing good among the people. Sister Eliza's remains lay in the Xion House the deceasedj that lhey may emulate, her virtues, , , . In 1869 Prest: Young called upon Sister Eliza to' JfJ parlor after her death until Wednesday morning, H associate w;fh hpr . aid him in effertino- an on nidation nf Vnnnir s Den. 7th. The families of Lorenzo Snow and 'A ' ELDER JACOB GATES . H ? ,? Ladies, commencing with his own daughters, in Bngham Young assembled at the Lion House on M was glad of jhe opportunity of bearing testimony which she assisted; it was called a Retrenchment S that morning; also many of her intimate friends Association. Resolutions were prepared by; her, and and these followed in procession jrj to the goodness of the respected dead. It was which Prest. Young approved, setting forth the to the Assembly Hall. The coffin, which wis of pleasing to see so large an assembly on this occa- ote she-wr- far-fame- d ' 1 -- Mc-Ra- e. by-Bish- " the-iot- r left-M- h ' 1 1 -- f. ' i:L3 j"! reiaie-inciuenucci- mu -- quali-cxposur- e -- - I I 1 -- jjex-uoeti- c f f - 7V - r J u-- - m 1 - - ..-.- " -'r : ... '.. ; . 1 i'-- The-speake- r Qylor "- -- 1 - - , -- ttt J- . ; rf 1 1 . - - ? - - .- - l.:l - - T J , Hi; -- 2, " ; to-thi- -- - - ; s, 