WOMAN'S EXPONENT. G2 t. Schools arc. in and of themselves, among the greatest blessings we enjoy. Volumes might be written upon the subject to explain it in all. its ' "bearings and it would still be inejchaustible. The subject is one of vital im'portauce to us all, but I am not capable of bringing out any ideas which will be worthy of "mote although' I have the greatest and most, profound respect or all In stitutbns for the dissemination of knowledge up - " ' on the earth. ' Emma . 1874. JanuaryJ4, . .. . State has been play a "trick," and that when the admitted the Constitutional inhibition of polygamy will be repealed! These persons do not see that tho'se provisions is made any repeal ofchange of withby the' Constitution itself entirely impossible out the consent of Congress. .This, would be: a of good and valid compact, between the people Utah and the people of the United tatesj after it has taken effect,, and it ought to satisfy reasonable ' men. The Federal Constitution itself contains many' such compacts. It lays prohibitions upon the Stales which diminish what would otherwise theii l3efreropeo one of the" sovereignties.--- were to do things which are thus the Federal government could easilyjind means to prevent individuals from avaiTTrig themselves of the benefits of such a breach of the compact which every State in the Union has made Avith the United States by accepting and ratifying the federal Constitution; If your proposed con stitution shall become the fundamental law of the. State of Utah, not only will all motive and temptation to contract plural marriages be' extinguished, c but such marriages will be" rendered legally ticabl e, a n d m ust remain so, u nl ess the Congress of the United States should release the State from the compact. What, then, will the people of Utah gain by be- STATEHOOD DISCUSSED. tl, pro-hibite- - Richfield Editor Deseret News: Spkings, N. Y. Aug. 2S, 1887. V V , , 1 concur in every word of your" admirable reply lines q n the. question, whether to the Chica Utah now has a republican form of government, which Iliad the 4Dleasureof readinerO in vour paper of the 23rd inst. Perhaps I can supplement what you have said by explaining that while it is true fliif imru Trr'itnnr ic' nnlpr. llip dnvprnmpnt "if Congress so long as it is a Territory, and that the Federal Government is a republican form of Government, yet it is not in accordance with the trust which .the Constitution of the United-State- s devolved on Congress, for the Federal Government in any. case to prolong indefinitely the Territorial condition. The subject of ttye relations of the Territories to the Federal Government is not ' ' new to me. . l naa occasion to investigate it tnirty years ago, when I took parHn the last argument in the Dred Scott case before the Supreme Court of the United States. From that day to this I have al- - zoT - . . im-pra- of-soci- al . on Congress the Federal Constitution conferred . ... power to create Territorial Governments in any region of country belonging to the United States, however acquired, as well as to manage and dis- pose "of the public lands, was to form such communities into States and admit them into the Union ; and that this power was not bestowed as a means of indefinitely prolonging the Territorial condition, and keeping open a field for Federal patron - do not suoDOse that at the age and power present day there can be found anywhere in this country a well informed constitutitional. lawyer, who does not regard Congress as clothed with a trust to bring every Territory into the Union as a State as soon as its inhabitants desire it, and they have the requisite, numbers and resources to sustain a State government of the republican form. "What shall be considered a sufficient population has varied in difierent cases; but in the case of Utah there cannot be the sjightest question of a sufficiency of population or resources. 7There is no dependency of the United States that has a larger population than Utah excepting the District of Columbia. What then is the. obstacle, or the pretended obstacle' to your admission into the Union, as a State? If (here had never been any polygamy in Utah ..' ..u j: a aiate. long ago. liut you wuuiu udc uecu maue now,the guarantees which your proposed constitu tion otters, whereby it will be made certain that polygamy will not be a practicable social relation in the New State, ought to be salisfaciory to the whole country. I wish to convey to your people who know me, my unqualified conviction that it is perfectly competent for a new State, when it enter the union, to make a compact with the United States, limiting the State's sovereignty in certain respects, as the proposed constitution for Utah, by a compact therein contained, limits the pardonino-. power ana the power or amending the constitu- tion in the matter of polygamy; certain writers in different parts of the country have very foolishly iuai uic mormons ot utaii are trying to . . 1- 1 "1 1 . "ucu - self-governmen- t - , everything-relatingTtoTheTre-- " -- way-smoot-hed so-phist- ry . ' . ing admitted into the Union under this proposed constitution? .First, the whole subject of polygamy will be withdrawn from the legislation of Congress, and that relation or condition life will be placed under the ban of a safe and valid compact between the: people of Utah and the people of the United States, or to express it differently, but with the same meaning", it will be placed under a solemn compact between the State sovereignty and the sovereignty tha t i s established by the Federal Constitution." Secondly, ycu will gain a .republican form of government, which no Territory has or can have in the proper sense of that description ; for as you very justly say Territorial government is not by the of that the United States people any Territory possesses. There is a very great .amount" of popular, prejur. dice and ignorance prevailing through the country, against which you have to contend. I am often :. amazed tVsee how ligious beliefs and practices cf the Mormons is misrepresented in journals that ought to know better. But the public mind is becoming slowly enlightened on this subject, and by the assembling of the Congress I hope, to see the for those public men who will have to act on this question of your admission, by enabling their constituents to view that question as they ought. Let not your people be discouraged ; and I pray you, Mr. Editor, to continue to combat error and in the forcible, spirited and dignified way in which you have hitherto encountered them. With the best wishes for the prosperity and happiness of ail your people, Mormons and Gentiles alike, I am, Yours sincerely, Geo; Tickxor Curtis. R. S., Y. L. M. 1. A. & P. A. ; w 1: it REPORTS. stake'. The hirfy tiiir.i Conference of the Y. L. of the Weber Stake of Zion-w- as held m the aleu Tabernacle, Sept. 9th, 1887. After the (nual opening exercises, prayer being ofhml M. I- - A. by R. Balhntyne, thestatistical and financial n p rts of the several Associations were read. Prest. Sarah Herriek expressed herself as being much pleased, with such a good showing of the Association a? th? reports represented, and the large attendance at conference to day was an evidence of the interest taken by the 'young ladies of Zion.in the duties of their religion; She felt the need of the Hoi Spirit in our, weakness. to assist us in the good work, and invoked the blessing'of the Lord upon all present." especially upon the, speakers, that rich instruction and counsel might be imparted on : this occasion.; Coun'. E. Y. Stanford said, "The reports submitted give evidence of improvement in the Associations throughout this Stake, and our recent visits among many of them have fhftti flip, vnnnftD sisters are whrklnrr anflsfiofl OL4llJllU inJ J O ; v-- A.!il,f.illrr in linlniniY f r knilrl 11 r ffio r I n crA r rv ofljrod " and she would exhort them to con tinued faithfulness, and even greater diligence through these organizations. Sister Jane S. Richards remarked, "It is not the talking we do that will take us to heaven, but the good works we perform here upon the Ve have been told to live pure, up earth. right lives. This is our' duty, and we should be careful to obey all good counsels coming from those over us, especially those of your parents; who can train -- you in the knowledge of (rod and direct vou to exaltation and glory." Coun. Charles F. Middleton said, "In looking over the congregation in this house yesterday (the Relief Society- Conference), I saw elderly ladies, who had passed through a great deal of experience in the Church, but wh6 had not had the privilege that you enjoy of meeting in their youth in associations of this character, and receive instructions as you are doing today, from those appointed to preside over you. There is a greatwork and great responsibility , resting upon the youth of Zion, both male and d be nareful of the com fhmalp. pany you keep, and select and prefer as much as possible the society of those brought up under the influence of the Improvement Associa- - -U0113, who lead 'exemplary lives." bister Jimily bhurtlnl was indeeu pleased to see so many young ladies present, and taking these societies. "We such deep interest-i- n should all be earnest, diligent workers, and prepare "ourselves, by the study of Church literature; to give a reason for the hope within - Yon-shoul- ! us Benediction was then pronounced by Elder ' Wm. H. Wright.. At 2 p.m. conference resumed its session, prayer being offered by Bro. JY Stanford. Sister R. Caufield gave an excellent report . rUlr Ul 'VL II UiU JL J- lO IT 14. A ilUU only been recently organized, through the 4th Bishop's Ward havingLbeen-divide- d jnto two Coun. R. E. Monch was very pleased to meet in conft-r?ncthis afternoon. "Among oVim-tlrbitiaa fM r momr uumw M'a nrnin:f fain.. ouuum mm uiu agaiucu uululuuj If we nv hear anything bad about a bearing. do not person, spread it so as to make it worse, - r-- but cultivate the spirit of charity, and treat everyone kindly, seeking for, the Spirit of the Lord, which f?uides in the natha nf truth and righteousness." Elder Joseph Stanford said, "These Associations,! am happy to say, are proving a great benefit to the young people of Zion, but from the reports I think that the average attendance at meetings should beincreased. It should be the aim of all to make them attractive. In .rendering the exercises, the motto should be improvement. Readings, recitations, essays, etc., should be delivered in a strength of voice that all can hear; there is nothing so unpleasant, and which detracts so much trom a meeting, as a failure to hear the speakers. Regard should also be paid to punctuation and rhetoric, that 'the proper sense and meaning of what is read or delivered may be conveyed with interesting and edifying efTect. Exercises, when buuuiu uc urmciseu, wim a view w utewmj, the correction of errors. Those who preside . t 