WOMAN'S EXPONENT. A DOUBTING HEART. Where are the swnllows fled? ' Frozen and dead " 7r 7 senoo. mileu-nrl- literature in ner m clas-.s- in - rnont i Muf tncr'n- j '... takes; but bi'twren them he has contrived to .... .1... f '. iritt 1(1 hij it.i.1' .i . intMi tjrctjirerr ij ......v ,MI ,i fv it(i in ine lue of ChnstiMnify that come.s to him purp- Mi ss. i md hi-to- rv it herself; hut assemhted' the own by inheritance. in the evenings, nus supplementing the schooled Ideation hr Kinuiy, home miluenee r -- ince however, she" placc.l herself at fir it Mm,; ,t i"c Mrivire Ed n An tmn heing to travel wherever she was ready house, ? Why must the flowers die? Prisoned they lie I" the col l.tomb, luTdless of te.irs or rain. O doijbting heart !" " They'onjy sleep below .' 7 he soft white erriiine snow, While winter wirtds'shall blow," To breathe and smile upon you soon again. The sun has hid its rays-- . '. These many days; . Will dreary hours never leave the earth? -- O doubtinj- heirtT The stormy clouds on high Veil the same sunny skv, That soon (for spring is ni;j;h) Shall. wakc mto golden mirflu i - i . - ineded.ti) " Jeetiire iiiww n,l .,., .... - it'll.. - " -- ! " iound unions and schools. She went in thi way to Hamburg, Heidelberg, Stutt-t- rt, and manyother townV her found and pleasant, genial manners, al- 'good 'i.a wnning lnends To the. cause. In En- s .iana inenns will remember her last visit 111 the summer of 18fi' n'ml tu . m nit the methods for developing the poo r- loafers-- w ) o - u rv -t -- crcTrn k they .and rcponfihilitips of womn in that rights won it from coumry the Indians who once owned it. bhe was an accomplished English scholar, ami will floe allriVhted on hill nr. water Perhaps took part with ease in a meeting of the Women's the holy snort of our brother EdmundsPoor Law Guardian Society, (of thn ermont . Or nerh !11H this, fiur brnfbor rn'w .... analogous part which German ladies took in (li(Mrad age, leaving the Church of Latter-- " the management of the poor at Hamburg, day Saints in full ,,1' its faculiie.rand . Casel, and other nlaee. Kho'wr.a moneys and saving-!- ih pardons and accumulaalso much tlea?ed bv n. dm noi;l tions and flesh pots.- - Things as perverse as colleges.'for women at Cambridge, to a Suffrage this have happened in this mo-- t jerverse ot Meeting at Southsea,'-an.- l other occaions and Worlds, even Ivlmundses have appeared to where "women were endeavoring to do honest live in vaui s ivci a they .serve to point a moral and thorough .work. On her return to ini adorn-th'- V leeorum"' to Cotton she wrote "accounts of many 'of these b'tji rriinriwM movements; but although publishers were easily found for. her papers oti the condition of NOTES ABOUT. WOMEN. Women's Employment and Education in Kn",. i i lanu, it is worthy "ot" note that she received J I i s Pi i f4, n f Gt if imt a.,--i t he fi rstAlne r i con t in u a Id iscoti ragemen t a hour lier Su lira can woman admitted to Iho si hord of articles, and it is not certain that they have "Languages in Paris. 'z ever found a publisher to this day. Mrs.-- ' Dishon If. The list of her writings is too Ion" to be' said to bo the--r i d es vo men tinned; some arc - composed -- with .special m a n -i- n-.( ToroTa ln7"Trir 0 "heF" own reference, to girls, such as the "Rliclc in das money by .cattle raising, and h now worth ;. Leben," prepared for girls from sixtcerf to 8io,ooo,o:)o. " Wei Miches Wirlreii in Kuche, eighteen, and I fer vn ovel s a re v oh nzi m rn er Sa Ion un 'crded that legally a man wa authorized to vol-full and of " a .earnest thoughtful, purpose; open and make himself famili ir with the urae Vf poems, called "Bilder uud Klange," his wile's leUrva3")'nnted during the b "war, Mi-- s Elvira l. Diazji rec'.'ive tlio diploma and sold for the benefit of the wounded soldiers. of Licentiate in Me dicine and 'Pharmacy from Her writings in Xcittt Bahncnt and other Gerthe University of r;dparais6, Chili. She h man periodicals, wero innumerable; the latest fir-communication we received from her was in tlio t of her sere lo rec ive it in that Republic. November last, on the subject of the .Medical Education of Women, "in which sha wan proMrs: Mancel Tahi tt, of Chicago,'' lias in she of it and two spoke hopefully for foundly interested; the next meeting in Weimar, lier last illness the children of '.Vi:t !iug womeii. Ono thou-sanchildren on an ayeragc are cared for in "waTshort, and the announcement of her death first intimation was the 22ud that these nurseries every month.' on February of received friends her of her English many Mrs. Dora Salter has been eh ofed Mayor was one. of those' who can ill be She danger of Argonia, Summer .County, Kan., by. a spared. LnghmuWiaii s Jievtcw. larger 'majority than 'any '.other candidate ever received in that city. Her opponent was one of the 'leading citizens. ONLY A MORMON. Miss. Minnie E. Bigelow, a; very successful has been ele. ted a member of the What happened when the 3Iormons"Torty teacher, School Committee Princeton, by a handsome desert of Utah was years ago settled 'in the majority.. She is the first woman ehoien to"" this: up as if by raagicahd that, position in Princeton. the untiring industry, energy and zeal of the IMrs. E: Putnam Ueaton, of the Rrooklyn , emigrants turned a"barreu wilderness into a American The fertUe and blooming garden.''77i?V"has been weighing the dresse.s at a than star vcmh laSii roTTa.ble mod iste'?rto"fi ml f h o ""a ve raini" i'ii of the Mor- - weight of a woman's gown. She fooind that' work any day, ' w.., " j, ....-u.- . 1 Hnther Edniunds felievrs the ancestral .high !oninn piety generated in superdicat(d coppers by w)rkirfg it off on Mor- moiH install ot witch His bill jn-- t passed by Congros iV designfMl to tuni over these inf. u ami zealous tuisereants ' ri.iTgeuo io ir cnurrfi an its properfy7tfu iF government find, schools, to tin? pi ,us frontiersmen who have waited and 'hungered, for the same, hare -V' and Vrallev-tan.ave g(me ragge-j '' (Inink through weary years. Perhaps these dearly beloved brethren of Scintor Edmunds are now ' about fntering into their reward. the Perliaps men who haw! ereafe.j fl garden out of n wilderness will not have the wit to keep irfroin the., -- more,. k,.-'i..- . ? n Li, nil ? - rapmiy grew and prospered. UIrn not. only held " ' drawing Tl Perchance upon some bleak and stormy shore. - O 7 doubting heart Far over purple seas, They wait, in sunny ease, 'rK The balmy southern breeze, ' T brijlg.them to their northern-hom- e once; --" . .of "goods' for household and other " oses-, """ ; 179 ? - t- w-.- t. - -- the-sum- ner El-berfel- vsf-ssiUI- ' Pair hope is dead, and light Is quenched in night. What sound can break the silence of despair? "'" O doubting hrart Thy sky is overcast, Yet stars shall rise at last, Brighter for darkness past, And angels' silver voices stir the air. '" - ! . - .,- Adki.aidk ,5 A. Ger-rnan- y .u-ithc- PrYktfr. . -- , vlt L'-tfrr- . . -- MARIE CALM. -- r ;i c-- Ori-.'ida- l By tnc (loath of 3Iis Marie Calm, which occurred after a short illness at Cassel, Germany, on February 22nd. the. fiprmnn have lost atl earnest advocafe of their higher educatiou, and a hard worker on many .questions of social infrcst. Marie' Calm was no theorist, during her early"' life she had practical experience in education, both .as governess in England and Russia, and ' pal. of a schooH nt hcR-h- rie Provinces, and. she was able to estimate,, at its full value, the influence for good which a sounder method of instruction, and a broader extent of knowledge, would exert unon women's lives. Maria Calm, the poet, novelist and'philan-thropis- t, was born at Arblson, in the princi pality of Waldeck in 18,32. lier father was burgomaster of that town, and held Jhe usual . i views of the 4ime' upon woman's education; i i i ii i i." out. nis uaugnier persuaded mm to anuw Jier to finish her education in Switzerland, and from thence she went as governess to other countries. Afterwards she took charge of a girL' school" in Germany, "which she . ret a ined tut forced to give it up by delicate health. From this time she turned her. full attention ill . : to writing. i ' In 1865. the first Woman's Congress, when Lhe Deutschen Frauen Allgemeine Y.erem was established, was held at Leipsic, and immediately afterwards Maria Calm, delighted to find this commencement for. eleva tion of her pountrv women, wrote- - to the pro moters ot the . Congress to express ner sympathy with their views. Three years later, of-effor- in Oetobei- - 1 to meet in Cassel, anA worked almost single- handed for its success, very tew men or women in Uassel lor its oojecis, auu earing The all disapproving of women speakers. Congress, however, despite all discourage ments, was a thorough success; a local Union for the education of women was founded, andean Industrial School for Girls established. The instruction in this schoof includes book-keepin- g, foreign languages," German literatureand history, commercial correspondence, buy- -. W-rri- , -- t-- 1 , '.'.'. . , . -- 1 ? ranco-Prussia- - n con-tents- of - 1 1 " . , . . mai-dai- day-nurserie- s d ' "frontiersrnrin-wouhlooner-sttn- " l aud'.tfre-possessiu- Tdi'trtTnTTRrrrTCTj many Lord's orthodox saints "to whom, the beam in the Mormon eye is very grievous. Brother Freliughuysen, of New Jersey, some unable to sleep fifteen years ago, found himself mVTits all along of those spiritually ophthalmic with his little Mormons. So he got alter them so relieved 111 persecution and was straightway meet his Redeemer mind that he was able to go sainthood. Just what in a glow of conscious Edmunds, of Ver- is the matter with brother of-t- he -.- 34-to 49 pounds, plain wTal wetgTled "from king dresses from"'; 12 to 19. Nothing was found that weighed less than 10 pounds. You find yourself refreshed by the presence of cheerful people:, why not .make earnest effort to confer that pleasure on others? You will find half the battle isTgarned if you never allow yourself to say anything gloomy. Lydiu Maria Child? 