7 The Rights of the" Women of Zion, and the Rights of the Women of all Nations'. Vol. PEACEABLE FRUIT. "Never the less afterward.it yieldeth the peaceahle fruit of righteousness.' ' - Hebrews 12: 11. . . pendent, with the right to worship God in the way that he marks out. How like to olden times is the present. Then it was a band of pilgrims flying from the arbitrary rule of the Stuarts a band of humble and peaceable religionists flying from causeless oppression! It was conscience attempting v to escape from arbitrary despotism, a Robinson, a Brewster, leading of a little band from their native soil to find a shelter in an unknown land, where they could enjoy religious freedom. How like to the little baud of Saints who left their homes in the east, driven from state to state, until they were driven beyond jheconfines of the United States, and wheu, after surmounting untold difficulties, braving a thousand dangers, and 8uflering the pangs of hunger and sickness, they found a home in with their love of liberty unfurled the stars and stripes to the breeze, and pledged their lives, their honor, their all to defend it. What - a noble band! when they had suffered so much at the hands of the nation, left their loved ones in unmarked graves on the plains, their young children, men and maidens, grey haired fathers y, and mothers deprived of their homes and pos- - , sessions, and driven at the point of the gun in-- , to the wilderness to find a home, yet they cling to the old flag. Aud now when we have made the valley to -this barren waste a blossom as the rose, they-woutake our all. We, fruitful field, like the Pilgrim Fathers, put our trust in our Father, the supreme Ruler, knowing He will, defend our rights and deal out justice and. equity to all. We know that God lives, and that He has revealed Himself to man in this ' day, and we know we have seen His power made manifest, and make bold to declare it to all nations, and if we obey His laws we shall aved at the last day; we have proved it to be true, and though men may deride and scoff, yet we still know that it is the power of God unto palvation to all that believe, and condemnation to those who reject it. Praying for the success of oar paper, the our paper,' the rights of the women of Utah, or the principles of the Gospel. I ara fully aware of the necessity there is of every one beof y ing alive to their duties, and it is every one who bears the name of Latter-daSaint, to show their faith by their works, and always be willing to use the talents the Lord has given them for the benefit of the cause of H , the-dut- y What Shall Thine "afterward" be, O Lrd, For this dark and suffering night? Father, what shall Thine "afterward" be? Hast Thou a morning joy for me, And a new and joyous light? . . truth. : ' . ' - ' - We are living in a momentous time of the world's history, and we cannot shut our eyes to the fact that the end is fast approaching a consummation.. The events that are taking place day by day, demonstrate beyond a doubt, that the Lord is working out His designs in His own a way; and the question with us is, "Are we pre-pred ? H a ve- - we oiU i n o u r lamp?? Do. we realize the magnitude of the responsibility resting upon us as . Saints?. Do we keep up with the spirit of the times, or are we asleep, using our time, energy, and talents in folly and '. . 7:ritr TL- Wcrfca-- 4 What shall Thine "afterward" be, O Lord, For the moan that I cannot stay? Wilt Thou turn it to some new song of praise, Sweeter than sorrowless hearts could raise, When the night hath passed away? What shall Thine "afterward" be, OLord, For this helplessness of pain? r Home of view above. A clearer tny Of my Father's strength and my Father's love? -- - - Shall this be my lasting gain? What r.i.o all the 'afterward". Te, 0 Lord, How long must Thy child endure?": Thou knowest ! 'tis well that I know it not 1 . Thine "afterward" cometh; 1 can hot tell what, ' But I know that Thy word is sure. shaH Thine What shall Thine "afterward" be, O Lord? I wonder and wait to see; (While to Thy chastening hand I bow) What "peaceable fruit' may be ripening now, Ripening fast for me? Selected M. R, J. these-mountaius,-- ENDURANCE. How much the heart may bear and yet not break, How much the flesh may suffer and not die; I question much if any pain or ache Of soul or body brings the end more nigh. Death-ehoo- se that worn All evils may be borne, :- " We shrink and shudder at the surgeon's knife, Each nerve recoiling from the cruel steely Whose edge seemed searching for the quivering life; Yet to our sense the.bitler pangs reveal That still, although the trembling flesh be tornf ' This, also, can be borne. " itArn energies ot the Saints to be concentrated upon their religion, and the maintenance of .., what few. rights we have left. , deThe rulers of the nation have seen fit to prive us of the right of franchise, because we did not fulfill their expectations in catering to their ideas, bus used our right, as free born women should, for the establishment of pure principles, of equal rights, of a virtuous com munity, and the selection ot men tor omce that would secure to us these heaven-borprinciples. They preferred no charge against us, but took: from us this right without giving us the-- . chance to defend ourselves, the right perserva- tive of all other rights, because of our opinions. And will we submit? Yes, under protest, leaving our cause in the Almighty ruler's hand, knowing tie will deal out justice and equity TxTatt7Virlaimttrgt it is unconstitutional! we claim that we have a right to our belief " We see a sorrow rising in our way, And try to fly from the approaching ill; We seek some small escape we weep and pray But when the blow falls then our hearts are still; Not that the pain isdT1ts sharpness shorn " But that it can be borne. We wind our life about another life, We hold it closer, dearer than our own Anon it faints and falls in deadly strife, Leaving us stunned and stricken and alone; But oh! we do not die with those we mourn This, also, can be borne. Behold! we live through all things famine, thirst, Bereavement, pain! all grief and misery, ' All woe and sorrow; life inflicts its worst On soul and body, but we cannot die, ' Though we besick and tired, and faint and worn; Lb ! all things can be borne. Elizabeth Akers Allen. A FEW THOUGHTS. Dear Editor: I feel. quite guilty in neglecting to write for our paper for so long a time. It has not been because I had not a desire to help maintain untramelled. The Constitution and -- " ad ld n ' No. 4. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, JULY 15, 1887. 16. , states that "the be taken away;'' cannot once given franchise it becomes our property, a part of our the loss of it deprives us of what Exponent of the rights of the women of One must prove a Utah, I am, was , our own individually. Your sister in the Gospel of peace, person guilty of treason before he or she can b. A. Fullmer. constitutionally be deprived of this right. And Co. Orangeville, Emery In levying war in what does treason consist? or giving aid and comfort to the enemies of the Senators and statesmen of a United states. NOTES AND NEWS. be ion must terrible cowards to na be. great afraid that the women of Utah would "levy A. Bronson Alcott will spend the summer United States. war against the Uh, consistwith his daughter, Mrs. Pratt, at Melrose, a thou art jewel! Mass. He is no longer able to hold a pen, and ency, We hud, by referring to the Jaw, that all does all his work by dictation. persons born or naturalized, in the Uuited In the Exhibition of the Royal Academy States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United States,and that no of Arts, Loudon, of the 'paintings and sculptures over 1,900 in number, 242 are the works law shall be made to deprive them of lite, liberty or property,or the equal protection of of women. It is only fifteen years,since women the law." What , falling away from the spirit artists were, admitted to the Royal Academy. and design ot the Constitution!, We revere Stowe emphatically-denie- s ""Mrs. Harriet-Beeche- r bedocument as heaven born; we that sacred is the story which circulating to the eflieve the men that formed it were inspired of fect that she could never have written "Uncle God to do j ust what tbey did, and we will --Tom's Cabin" if she had known the colored teach our sons and daughters to, love it, to de as she knows them now; after a resifend it, and let freedom and equal rights be peopie dence at the South. their watchword. We will teach them that Lillian Whiting says "The time is almost every man and woman are bonr free and equal; that-Gothe Father of their spirits, made gone by for the di?cu!sion of whether women want or do not want the ballot. They will them free; that the Constitutionmakes tnem free, and that the Gospel makes them free, and have it whether they desire it or not. And the true wisdom is to study to find how to use that they are the slaves of no faction, but inde plairjfy- - fosses-sions7an- dr d, ' 