4 3 THERE IS SWEET- PEACE IN PRAYER. only smiles should have been seen, and instead of. catching. all: the goldeiL sunbeams as they passed, I have been so. busy sighing over the little annoyances in my way, that many of tht most beautiful ou'es have gone unnoticed. The sweet babes, given of heaven, have been such a comfort, yet I cannot forget that at times I have hot appreciated them enough to always be as patient a I should have been, an (J by a little bad example have, I. fear, lost many a heautiful precept. I well remember one Bight being sorely tried with my young daughter. I 'Yes, said, "Did you say your prayers Lord-- ' I asked she the "and answered, mamma," I told her I was to make me a good girl. she did be to afraid not want good and try to could else not she makejso many please me, failures. Then came the jsweet childish voice that went" right to ray heart and smote it" with bitterness." "But mamma, I'do' try to be good, and I don't believe the Lord helps us to do right, for when I ask Him to help me, then He lets me do something naughty again.'I kissed did my best to undo what I the dear child,-anhad unwillingly donegfflestroying ray child's confidence in her Creator. I bade her still and trust victory would be; and ere cloed I my eyes I knelt in deep gained, humility and implored that same Almighty to forgive my weakness in expecting my child to render greater homage, to me tha'il did to Him, for it came to me with great plainness that ray daughter did better as a child than I did as a representative of intelligent womanhood; fordo I not daily ask for strength and wisdom? and I know more than I deserve is given, and I alone am to blame if this heaven-borlight is rejected through my 'yielding to frail mor - O God the Eternal Father, ' In Thee we put our (rust, We look to Thee for comfort, And we know that Thou art just. t - , Chorus. ' v . ,': For there is sweet peace in prayer, For we know Thou art near;' There is sweet peace, TT There is sweet peace in prayer. ' - Thou knowest our hearts, dear Father, We know in whom' we trust, ' ' For Thou art kind and merciful, And we know that Thou art just. to-day- ?" Cho. ...We are Thy, children, . Father, And Thou hast sent us here: Then whisper- words of comfort' VV hen our trials are severe. - Cho. d We are Thy daughters, Father, And as mothers, too, and wives, We desire to prove. faithful , And gain eternal lives. ' in-Hi- Cho. . A. HULINCS. SATURDAY MORNING. The children coming in at "Mamma's" call, Into the bath, in turn, each takes a plunge; s Aud there, from curly crowns to small, Are gently cleansed with water, soap and sponge. toe-tip- he m n tality. lhese things, and many more, come to my mind, aye, more than I could find language to express, and I felt I would like to see all my dear sisters in Israel, and then we would take our dear companions by the hands and together beseech the divine blessing on our future years, that the powers of evil may be bound with a stronger chain than it ever has been in our While thus the mother works, she softly prays,. That God will sanctify their souls within; And keep her darlings from forbidden ways,1; In purity and virtue, free from sin. Then carefully with towels they are dried, In garmeuts clean each infant form she'll dress, Still praying, ''Father, keep them from false pride, And clothe them with Thy truth and righteousness." , 'Not without interruption does she 'prayT """" """"- Though th' heart prayer is' fervent, pure and strong, homes; that peace and union - may- - reign su preme in every breast, and the love of right eousness may hold sway in the hearts of our ions and daughters. Is not the mother the' eruidincr4J star daughter,' and can the Ron be censured if he follows in the footsteps of his iatherr Uod heln our children and hav mercy on U3 as parents if we place not purity auu iruiu ueiure mum. Do we wish our dearest earthlv treasures to go forth in the cold world with no pleasant u 4U: uecwuuo uume auuj naturali pro- -' tectors in life? No, a thousand times no! Then we must look well to the lives we are livincr Ka. fore them each day. Are we showing them that the'Gospel light has been a blessing to us, by rendering us better parents than children of Yet other things her lips must ope to sayf Asking and answering questions all along. of-th- Whether the water is too warm or cool,. Into which one too hastily has jumped; Chiding the breaking of the Golden Rule, Kissing away the hurt when heads are bumped. - Thus broken oft, the prayer is" sent above, JF.uUofLdeep.meaning, thougJLthejds,MeJewilI ' Must be accepted, I believe, don't you? ,C -- '. LULA. THOUGHTS ON MY WEDDING DAY. Dear Exponent: - y my-memor- y, the world . You will not regard me as an egotist, or feel that I am trying to place myself before the public in a conspicuous manner, for I do not desire to give my humble thoughts to the pub- v M uui,jr yrumpis me to, mat l may ,uV benefited be, and, perchance, encourage some weary one in life's great struggling throng. so many things of the past have come in and with Ker L have loved up over againeyery day ot the years now fled, and I have been asking how well I have performed my duties as a wife and mother in Zion. Alas ! how unsatisfactory, the answers are for self condemnation, meets me at every turn. One third of my short life I have been a wife, and all this time I have desired to be a faithful, loving one, and yet oft have I placed thorns in the paths of the dear ones" where roses might have grown; given frowns where To-da- e CJ possess? v. Do we, as wives, teach ourdaurrhters to .w v ww. havA O a proper respect' for their future husbands by tenderly regarding the wishes of their fathers, and thus increase their love and honor for t.hA same. If we do. they will look forward wifH pride to the day when they can give the same loving service to their heart's ideal. If a husband watches over with kind solicitude the iuterest of the mother in hia lmmA the sons will most likely love and honor that mother, and will thus be taught to regard women "as something more than artoy or cora raou drudge, and in short, if wa as mothers and fathers lead lives of honor" and " aspire to laudable aims in life, scorning to stoop to the little despicable acts that are daily destroying our mnuence in private as weli as public circles, our children will most, assured! v be amhitlnna to reach the same goal. I verily feel that a reformation is needed in every, quarter among the Saints, for while I -- 1 T contend with the mighty foe in the shape of ray own weakness, I am inclined to think, from observation, others must battle to some extent with the same evils. We know that "Satan with his legion of fallen aogels are Jet loose to lead astray those who are. trying to earn a salvation in the kingdom? of God, and" no stone will be left unturnedVto gain their point, and if we trust ourselves an instant on the forbidden ground we may be Jost. Oh, let us renew our energy lending all our aid to each other by faith and prayer and good . works, arid 'with "sweet encouragement lead the weak and help the weary, to stand, for .are there not times when each will grow faiut? I know of one, and that is, - -- Violet Owen. g RECEIPT FOR MAKING A BAD HUS- BAND GOOD. " ' Take of the plants of sincerity, cheerfulness and modesty, each one pound; of the mother of cheerfulness two handsfull; infuse them into a large portion of personal neatness mixed with the- flowers-o- f complacency; ;drain the essence from all impurities, and add of the oil of condescension guanlum suffleet . This has been found a never failing nostrum, and may be safely given in lafgedoses, morning, noon and night. The discovery of this nostrum has ranged the entire kingdom of botany and exhausted-the resources of chemistry to find a preparation that would make a bad wife a good one; he is sorry to say his researches have proven ineffectual. He can, therefore as a prescribing physician, only give his advice to the gentlemen which is, to marry ladies who are already good, and by a plentiful use f the oil of appreciation and the essence of pure affection, keep them so. : ; -- -- NELLIE'S DAILY BREAD. '3Iarama," lEaid little Nellie one day at breakfast, suddenly, every morniDg I pray to God to give me my daily bread, but really it if you that gives it to - me, - isn t it? "Let us think a moment about that. NelliA " replied her mother. . ."Where dp I get the r bread I give you?" "From the baker, mamma." "And he gets the flour out of which he makes it from the miller, and the, miller gets the grain out of which he makes the flour from the farmer, and the farmer gets the grain where does the farmer get" the grain my little girl?" "Why, out of the ground," said Nellie; "don't you remember when we were at the farm Uncle George was cutting wheat and oats?" "Well, nowsuppose that Uncle George put grain in the ground, and God sent no sunshine, and no dew, and no rain, would Uncle , George have any harvest?" "Why, no," said little Nellie, looking sober. "Then, you see, it is God, after all, who gives us each day our daily bread; and when we have fruitful seasons and plenty to eat, we ought to be very thankful to our kind Father in heaven, who never forgets to give ' r . us what we need." I have with ia- - Beecher. no sympathy for an fourteen-hou- r ' mfe-Henr- y man eight-hou- r .JFard f A cobbler in Leyden, who used to attend the public disputations held at the Academy, was asked if he understood Latin. "No," replied the mechanic, "but I know who is wrong in the argument." "How?" asked his friend. "Why, by seeing who is angry first!" 