WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 56 V E.E. THOMAS Annie Patterson, in Summit, Davis Co., Utah, August 2ist, , 1887, after a long illness of typhoid fever. Deceased was born on the 29th of March, 1828, at In every house, especially where the. family Hucknal, Parish of Sutton, Nottinghamshire, England. U largo, theie should bo gome provision for ao Was baptized info the Church of Jesus Christ ofLatter-da- y disease. cidents, and sudden attacks of painful Saints on the 19th of March, 1550, by Elder James A contemporary describes such an ''emergency dehold a "Stone. She never faltered in her faith, and her ,:fe was to. closet or box arranged as a cabinet; of her duties as a Latter-da- y Saint wide and narrow voted to the discharge as such of articles, variety was placed. She leaves a and eady-fo- r in every position in vhichshe bandjiges of ;rau3lin neatly rolled children and four and many friends to mourn her the husband AN "EMERGENCY" CABINET. . EAGLE .' r use, the, tarmer for cuts or hurts on for wounded body or limbs, and the latter hands or fingers. There'should also bo a packet, a roll of diachylon or adhesive of a small planter, pieces of old linen, lint, cotton, v s. iv X) It 0,01 CO IIO'UOU lOr CU IS, um u i uji tard plaster, pin?, ecissors, and other necessaries .that will' suggest themselves, and are llOUSekeenerS. lfnntrn in a 'c ncrnni AmQiifJiHiiuLJinngs-i- onlmvp. are such followiner simple remedies, as - essence of peppermint, spirits of camphor, some of amomuia, first-ratolive oil, aromatic-spirit-s water of ammonia, a little alcohol, common saltlirfine powder, bicarbonate of sddaTaiKl a box of mustard. T mmonhv and The aromatic spints of FmnKoTshouId bo Font in every house where ' there are aged nersonsas 'they. are subject to uuu uum mnc Euudcn auacKs or iamim-i-aagents a fiord relief and help to restore impeded circulation of the blood. Mustard is a valuable nauseant, in cascaj)f Fus)ecled"or accident aPpoisoniugr"I ITTnay" here bo added that copious 'draughts of tepid .water taken until vomiting ensues, and thereafter repeatedly until the poison is Supposed to be thrown off, is a good remedy to use until the help of a physician can be procured. If pams are itJt in iiw uuweis, g cypiuus inand rid the.sysjections of tepid water . also,' .111 '.: it :' il C me tern jn ooui ways oi poison as peeuny as court-plaste- I loss. r, also-Aci- i 1 - LAKE CITY. , SALT In November, 1883, the Primary Association of the' Slaterville Ward was organized," and at that time Sister Phcbe was appointed First Counselor. In that office she" the- -' labored with faithful and devotedJnteresU-h- e office of Assistant Secretary in the Relief Society for a considerable length of time. She died as she lived, a fii'.hful Latter-da- y Saint, with' a hope of coming forth in The LeaduigRefail d r oxrse i2Y - , " We, the Primary Association of the Slaterville Ward, desire to offer a tribute to the memory of Sister Phcbe, our beloved . Counselor, whom our Heavenly Father' in His great wisdom has seen fit Jo call unto himself. Slie was loved and respected, and we would offer to.her bereaved family our sincere sympathy, and say, while we mourn. the loss of a dear sister, we shall look forward with joy to the time when we shall meet the dear departed iiT that land of rest, where all tears are wiped away. We- pray God our Heavenly - Father. to'Tjlesrand cdm-fo- rt those who mourn, and give unto them the sweet peace that the Gospel affords, and help them to realize that although Jheir departed one has ceased to labor here. she has gonejo continue hcrjabors in a higher, sphere. y : Our sibter now has gone to rest, She has gone to dwell on a brighter shore; She has gone to meet those whom she loved, Whom death had parted long before. . 1 ErETTHOM.S , JD.-VII- -- Adi:3i week-endin- Y.,-Annpi- dress-shiel- d. - ... K wagon at the back of the house, alone; they took matches out of the dinner box, set them on fire to see the wind blow them out 'and dropped one into the hay while it was burniug, thus setting the hay in the wagon on fire. One little fellow crawled part way out of the small opening in the back of the cover, 'and then fell to the ground,' burned but little, but little Edmond was burned to death while waiting his turn to get out, as he could not get out at the front for the sacks of salt. The father is one of the brethren who is driven away from home for daring to c bey one of the commandments of God. IIis mother was away from home at the" time of the accident workiri hard to provide dothes-anrt- t ' home. Sad, indeed, arc the feelings of the parents in their bereavement, but they do not mourn alone, they have the heartfclusympathy of all their friends. They do not' hve without hop,; they look forward jo. a meeting in the realms of; peace and bliss, where lovinrr J "Gd Wil1 WiPC Mary E. 3Iorgan, Gainsboro', Tenn , Churn Sarah J. Schack, Chicago, 111., Stocking-sup- . ;! 1 porter. Clifton, August 31st, 18S7. D. E. Dudley.,, Dry It is with feelings of the deepest sorrow that ' we are called upon to record the death of Sister Phebe Singleton, Avhich took plic? at the residence of bcr daughter, Sistrr I: . IyJLo GupdSiNotions, Groceries HEAVY SHELF HARDWARE, ATTD GLASS AND QUEENS WARE, ELEGANT ODT GLASS, AGRICULTURAL TOOLS AND IMPLE- - ' - t..-- ;: .v:;-- MENTS, r CLOTH AND CLOTHING, PURE DRUGS AND CHEMICALS, CARPETS AND WALL PAPERS, ALL GRADES AND NEWEST DESIGNS. We t"than Stock carry a larger an(L mors- - complflta any house In the west. H. 8. ELDREDGE. Supt. Special to the Ladies. AT TEASDEL'S WiU be found the latest styles and pioductions ' in " IN MEMORIAM. LAIZ CITT. IMPORTERS AND JOBBERS OF V their tears", and - SALT SALT LAKE CITY, Utah. 1 Patents have been granted to women during g the August 2, 1887, as follows: Bell Epperly, Lamor, Mo., Corset. Clara Lenenberg, New York, N. ' Box 306. Jo Sec. . - JAKZ:, ESTABLISHED OCTOBER, ISM. -- x DAVID ... . A daughter of Ogden Bradly, of New York, OBITUARY. anl niece of Bishop Neely, of Maine, has won a diploma from the famous Paris School of Eonon Exponent: Medicine, passing a brilliant examination and It is witli feelings ofrcat sorrow that I record the death receivinr the maximum mark. Her thesis of Edmond Sant, son ofSorge and Margaret was "Jodism," and for an hour and a half she Sant, born and died August 4th, i837.' He 22nd, i834r was shrewdly and ably questioned by four of was to death while playing in a covered bued accidently the leading professors of the school, each' of .. ...t,-iiciu mi uwu age. iie cover was n,u.uiiunn.i whom had been provided with a conv of the tied securely down, while the was wagon thesis. She wore the black gown and white partly loaded with sacks of salt. "The children had been fichu prescribed for candidates. playing in the CO., Agentfor RUSISEY'S celebrated LIFTand FORCE PUMP. Pumpa Repaired on short notice. Orders from " the country promptly responded to. n Holley, . -- Ann Holley, President, Anmie E, 6c TINNERS, CAS, WATER & STEAM FITTERS And may the loyed that here remain Prove, true and faithful to the end; In faith and works united be, Your mother's puredesires to free. Phrenological Journal. A horrible instance of the inhumanity of courts toward women is related in a New Orleans paper. Carrie Johnson, colored, was convicted of stealing fifty cents and sentenced to one year's hard labor in the penitentiary. In company with other convicts she wa put to work on a plantation, where twenty-simen and four women died from exposure" and and she returned a physical wreck, and had to be put in the Charity Hospital. Is not thi3 a travesty on justice? Ki- JAMES D Dr. Romania B. Pratf Onkc - n,l licence at tie RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES, Dad Vvcmccmh Ward, Sal, Lake Ci.y. -- LACES, "" And an elegant aswrtmenf of C3-OOID- S; an's Shoe8?artment fr Ladie8' lisses, and In 112 114, 116, 118 Eat Temple Sire 