99 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. up stairs, and into the poet's study, or library, learned I was going to Boston by the afternoon where he spends most of his time when -train, nc jnsisieu uu my- xcniaium i'icic ;KnolJr and where many of his later poems (lining with htm instead- of going to the hotel. have been written. - The rich carpet and rugs, 'The invitation was given in such a way that it the hangings and furnishings were elegant, aud have been positively rude to refuse, and in perfect keeping with th&taste of the Quaker I fully appreciated the courtesy, and the kind author. The desk was a arge an d handsome 4es; it was much more than I had expected, one,'it was unlocked, and,, one of the cousins a rid I felt i t was f r me a rare opportunil y. opened it for me to look in. It displayed the Mr. Vr. evidently enioyed the conversation, inusual-litt- er deed he manifested it plainly in words and of .literary people. yYruuml' the book-caseand manner, and as he had never before seen a, room, perfectly arranged, were shelves of books in library style; hundreds of "Mormon" woman, it was something quite -novel to him. He sent for Mrs. Cate, who has volumes, selected, no doubt, with the greatest care. In short, the room .was attraciivtly fin charge of the house, and, after introducing me, ished and furnished, and with asked her to hurry the dinner, so we might q living fipet at his desk, must indeed have been a picture have plenty of time, and I could catch the beautiful to gaze upon. I was the three o'clock traiu. TRANSFIGURED, at-Oa- .To careless eyes she is not fair; This verdict careless lips, declare, And wonder why, against the charm Of beauty vivid, rich and warm, The lace they deem so cold and dull To him should be so beautifufrT V- 1 - s , Her eyes into his own eyes shine With strange illumining; a sign Is on her bro.v; a palimpsf-st- , 'l b his own gaze alone confessed; On him, in gravely gracious mood, She smiles her soul's beatitude. V Times- - Democrat. MAN, JUS GOD MUST FEAR. sins Earthquakes and general commotions Are terrifying the hearts of men, While labor and secret combinations Are united heart and hand To destroy the peace of the nations; The judgments of G:d are near, He will pour out His indignation, And man his God will fear. "The rich in vanity and splendor In palace i gorgeously arrayed The poor have cause to murmur r 1 j -- ' . When their children cry for bread They have forgotten their whe Creator, And unto fab!es now give ear; They will have to end urejl is vengeance. And man his God will fear. t-countryusually-iu They have changed the laws and covenants, And they are wafting to and fro, And are worshipers of mammon,-Endeavorinthe truth to o'erthrow; . As well might they say to the sun, "Be still 1" To the angry waves, "Stay there ! '' 'I he kingdom will continue to grow, ' ' And man his God will fear. . . Zion's banner is now unfurled, The Gospel must be preached, For the field is white to harvest. We will gather in the wheat; We will call them to repentance,' And to cease their wild career, ' And teach the laws of heaven, For man his God must fear. ; Reweti. Sept. io, 1 n sleeping apartment, a darge square chamber, over the parlor, I think thu large and com fortable looking bed i7i the centre of the room, with the head to the north. Thas windows looked oat upon J.he grounds, beauiifully laid out, and ornamented with the choicest shrubbery. Everything to conduce to convenience, luxury and comfort; one could easily imagine it a tilting place for rest .from toil and brain work, ami well adapted for the. slumber of the great American poet."" "Z ' As ray timewas limited, and I must catch the train back to Boston that evening, the ladies ordered their own 'bor e aud sleigh' to Tn keTme back to the depot, audTtTad e the nT an affectionate goodbye, kissing each of those sweet and lovely women. They had given me the necessary information to look up Elizabeth Stuart Phelps, which, by the bye, I intend telling of at another time, and also how to reach :Vmebury the following day. The next morning I left the Parker House at Boston on an earlv traiu for Araesbury, and arrived about ten o'clock., Amesbury is a pretty old town, very, unpretending in appear: ance as far as I could judge in passing through it,.but it has the faiiaUon of being the poets home and birthplace, and many, probablyjhe greater part, of his poems, were written there. rtook a carriage (on mi ners) from the station to Mr. Whittier's home, some little distance away, and as soon as the driver knew where I was going he seemed very talkative, but I was too busy with my own imaginings to pay much attention to his conversation, and we were soon at the gate. I was not long in gaining admittance, forlhe day was bitter cold. It is a very plain looking two story houve, painted jvhite, the snovv banked up around it, as one sees in midwinter; J The maid who answered the door invitedrieto come in, in the most genial manner, and took my card, coming back directly with a kindly smile of welcome on her face, saying, "Come into the parlor, lady." I followed, and was met halfway by the poet himself, whov'-uftpshaking hands with me observing the fire had not been kindled there, invited me into his study, where a bright coal fire was buruing in an open stove. He welcomed me" with the hospitality of an old courtur of the day3 of chivalry; his manner, hi benevolent face, his hair, and his long black smooth,' snow-whit- e broadcloth coat all helped to give him a most venerable appearance, and I was charmed with his genuine and courtly bearing. He'talked' freely to me of our people, and made various inquiries about the Edmunds law and its enforcement. He" wanted to know why Senator Edmunds was so persistent in his efforts and measures to uproot Mormonism. I answered his questions on our subject to the best of my ability, and as answers gave rise to other, questions, the time flew as it were on wings. Our conversation was almost entirely of Utah, its past, present and -- future, and muchTof it related more especially to women. It was one of the most interesting interviews that I ever have had, and I enjoyed it thoroughly. When he - " of the times gre conspicuous, The rig tree is beginning to swell, And the time is speedily approaching, W hen but few will say, ''It is well !" Bloodshed, wars and pestilences. An J coming advents are clear, When jars, contention and strifes And man his God must fear. . then-show- -- This is the face she turns to him; Oh, say not 'tis a lover's whim That finds it fair; nor are they dull ho say s!.e is not beautiful, For, strangest of all mysteries , They never see the face he sees 1 he face no artist's skill can limn, 'I he Jjve-fai- r face she turns to him." The . - Are they too dull to see aright? Hath he a quicker, keener sight? Or is it that indifference Than love hath clearer, truer sense? Now is he right or wrong? Oh, say Doth he behold her face, or tbey? Charlotto. Ferry in k 886. VISIT TO THE POET WHITTIER. Concluded After conversing with the ladies of the" house very pleasantly for eome time, they offered to show rae the suite of rooms occupied by their illustrious cousin, and took me v- - At the table Judge Cate and.his , x ife occu- pied seats opposite each other, and I was seated opposite the poet, an honor I shall ever remember with pleasure. The conversation at the dinner table was general, aud very" intertainiug, but the only thing that caused any remark was the huckleberry pie;jt:was the first I had tasied "siuce my girlhood days, and brought back to me many pleasant recollections , of ' green pastures anl beautiful hills and gay Lies ui ui s nun luciinj nun jjiih lauiuug hill vale. to from. tripping gaily After-dinnewe hadsome further conversation, and he talked to me of his lif rary pur- suits,-hi- s love of outdoor pleasures ami so fotth, aud of poets and poetry, both of New England and the West. lie gave me a photograph of hi study in, which we had been silting, and. where, as fie ' informed me, he had written many of .'his poems, fie also gave me a memorial .containing the" names of distinguished authors, who had asked for international copyright; and hunted through his closet for a picture of Oak Knoll, but not finding a copy, promised to seud me one at some future time. , r However, I hail lingered until nearly train time, and at last bade the renowned poet and gentleman a reluctant goodbye. After my return to Boston that evening,. I made explicit notes ot my visit, much more than I have given here, and in the evening went to the Globe Theatre to see Lawrence ; Barratt in f'Hernani." Aunt Em; " Postmaster Vilas has decided that female clerks may marry and still retain their clerkships. A wise and just decision. ' Miss Phebe Couzins has been superseded as Uni t ed States Mars hal by Jud go J. W. K me r- Inn I. Wn. - " - .7 -Jmn Ciiii ' nf T?nlnh tiphIipw I I is said that he did not fl . Waldo Emerson. It seek the appointment, and may not accept irr Mrs. General Devereux, for ten years a valued member of the Cincinnati Commercial Gazette staff, has been made an honorary commissioner ot the Centennial Exposition to be held in Cincinnati next year. Miss Christine Sullivan, the artist, and Miss Louise' Mcladies Laughlin, artist and author, are other s- named upoft this commission. The Working Girl's Institute, as Bridgeport, Ct , was formally dedicated not long ago. It was built by Warner Brothers, at a cost of a library $100,000. It contains a reading-room- , of three thousand .volumes, handsomely n ted to be and class-rooparlors, a lecture-rooaddition to In the school. used for an evening branches, music, .painting, pewing every-daaud crocheting will be taught, while there is provition for instruction iu dressmaking and other industries. Attached to the institute will be a savings bank, the privileges of which will he extended to all the help in the works, men as well as wdmen, arid every employees who de- posits two dollars amontli is promised a bones of half a dollar by the firm in addition to the regular rate of interest. - " m y , . 