WOMAN'S - EXPONENT. ADDRESS TO THE MUSE. of Hon. II. .B. Clawson, 50. thoroughly disciplined in habits of industry in", her early life in New Eugland, and could spin , and dye and oversee all that class of home-- , work, as well as to perform much' of it herself, which she did, notwithstanding her many cares and duties," both in her "own household and as died at St. George and ' --- 7 -V. in .Dec, 1874 'r The courage and heroism of. Mrs. Young at that time are worthy of all praise. Like a woman of God, she said to her husband, as she hadalways been in the habit of. doing when duty called him in the darkest hour, "Go and fill your mission, and the Lord will bless you, and I will do the best I cm for myself and the children." With the true devotion of a lov ing and faithful wife, Mrs. Young, in the midst of her own trials, sympathized deeply with her ; Let poesy's inspiration sweet The darts of envy now defeat, And' cruel strife depart afar, Wliile pea ccand love addressjbe bar, My musing spirit, where art thou? .l need thy glorious presence now; Relieve a trying hour like this,' . And thrill my soul with peaceful bliss; My joy and comfort thou hast been Through many a dark betroubled scene, And fain thy face I now would see, That I might give my thanks to thee. that I could hayg power and light To find thy dwelling place ' If up the Ix)gan Canyon now The cooler breezes farTray brow, While gliding on with anxious haste, Thy love and blessing shall I taste." And if I raise my voice in prayer,' Sweet spirit shall T meet thee there? My wounded soel,where shalt thou go-Thear the holy numbers flow, That lift my soul from things of earth To music of celestial birth? O, let me touch the slumbering lyre ' That makes thy sweet prophetic fire. Oft hast thou called mefrom my sleep Thy golden calycles to reap; How sweet to mark the whispered line - Beneath thy influence divine; This favor I would ask of thee', ' Pray do not stay too long from me; If other friends have gold in store I'm sure they could not love thee more; Revive to me the blest returns Of echoes heard by Watts and Burns, While fragrant breezes waft their store . Of flowery language used by Moore, When near the river side I stand, 'lis there I feel thy gentle wand; And in the Temple of our God' Thy holy numbers oft have flowed. 0 bring me now thy soothing power, With grace and wisdom for the hour. 1 know it is the blessed part To cheer the sad, disconsolate heart; Thy mission I can often see When thou return'st to visit me; But let me not offend my God, Nor need His hand to use the rod, His sweet reprodrsbould not be lost He chastens those He loves the most, But after stripes that lie has given, The heart inhales the love of heaven. The Holy One from Timon came All glory to His holy name; The good he sends is still so great, The evil has but little weight. O, let me love and praise Him still, For what He sends, both good and ill; With humble heart I'll kiss the rod, My righteous Father and my God; Accept my heartfelt thanks and praise For life and light in latter days. 7-- zhusband,honva3wurn:Trat Of - exposure, almost beyond the endurance of even bee4-f- or m an--to bea sei net ime and at the time of his departure for England was not able to walk even a short distance. .They were then residing at Montrose, on the west, side of the Mississippi River, opposite Nauvoo. Mrs. Young was often compelled to cross the babe (leaving her little ones in river with-hecharge of the eldest girl) to obtain such things These : as were necessary- - for. journeys were frequently made in a small skiff, ana on some occasions in stprni3 uiat wouui ue calculated to frighten women of ordinary and-sh- e courage; but Mrs. Young was unduunted, has passed through trials in thousands of instances, under which it would seem .women of temperaments such as hers, must have succumbed. These hardships and vicissitudes have given her such shocks as have undermined her health, and although she is living now (at thi3 present writing, but since deceased), and is in full possession of her physical and mental faculties, yet the pressure and strain has been such as only those who trust in God could possibly endure. AfterBngham Young s return from England, he removed his family to Nauvoo, and there , Mrs. Young enjoyed a short respite from the extreme hardships which had marked her married life. In 1842 Mrs. Young's da ugh ter, Luna, was born, her only daughter now living;' she '3 the wife of Hon. George Thatcher, and the mother of ten children. October, 1844, her youngest son, John W., was born; he was the first male child born after Ihe revelation upn"eelestia T T . J1 given, ana M3 parents naa entered into mis holy order of matrimony. Mrs. Youngs testimony in regard to the doctrine of the Latter- day Saints is strong and powerful. She says that.she knows Joseph Smith was a prophet of God, and that "Brigham Young is his rightful successor, by testimony upon testimony of the f fulfillment of prophecies uttered by these "'the people.- She'says, "I know it for myself, and I bear this testimony to all the world, that this is the everlasting Gospel, re vealed by the power of God's inspiration and the visitation of angels in the dispensations of the fulness of times." That the revelation given to Joseph Smith upon "plural marriage," she received at first as "thu3 saith the Lord," as also every principle or iaun ana doctrine revealed through Jaseph Smith and Brigham Young. Mrs. Young, through all her trials and difficulties in sharing pioneer life with the people of God, has never rebelled against any principle, but ha3 borne a heavy share of "the heat and burden of the day." In the exodus from Nauvoo with her family of small children in the dead of winter, she was ever cheerful and buoyant, aiding and strengthening her husband in thetlischarge of 'his arduous labors, by her faith and courage. Mrs. Young is a woman of great benevolence of character, and hospitable in the extreme. Her labors ha.ve ever been to do good to the Saints and to minister to those in need, especially to the widow and fatherless. . With her own hands, during the first years of the settlement here, she baked bread to distribute among the Indians. She had been o . , ill-p- -- to-nig- ht; . lrncnn ro nr ninao ivlwv ira mrrr rpnn V to minister to her wishes. To be Continued. nnrl r , their-sustenanc- e.- .NFXT:s3rrY oF.rjiAYKii. If we fine-nervo- -- 3- us : "i Iead-erso- J. P. BIOGRAPHY OF MRS. MARY ANN YOUNG. Soon after the Saints had reached Nauvoo (then called .Commerce) Irigham Young was called- - on his first mission to Eugland. At that time his family were ill with fever aud ague, and his wife had been very recently con- . , . ...r r v. men seemeui 10 xiucu. ;uis. iuuugs suiienugs 1 have reached the climax, and in the midst of sickness and poverty, having been deprived of nature calculated every comfort of to make life pleasant or desirable, she was Called to part with her husband and companion, and again to be left alone, unaided, except by Him who hears the raven's cry. Mrs. Young trusted in God and exercised that faith which none but a Saint can comprehend. When Mr. Young left home their babe, Alice, was ten days old. v She . subsequently became the wife ... -- could- realize the necessity ot prayer, - we wouW never neglect to offer up our thanks J r x During . the time that Mr. Young was Governor of Utah, Mrs. Young entertained many strangers and people of rank and position in the world, ever presiding as hostess with that unassuming dignity which is character ip. nf f nu rpafnoss. She is a woman n n whom no. changes 01 fortune or circumstances ' could ever alter. . She is fund of domestic retirement, and haa been for so many years compelled' to meet strangers, that now she feels the need of rest, and iu the bosom of her family, .surrounded by loving friends;' she enjoys the luxury of a comfortable home, made pleasant by the dear faces and gratitude morning and evening for the multitude of blessings that we receive. We to cannot feel that it lesseu3 "our bow in humility to our Heavenly Father. Would we not, if we wished to ask a favor of a well respected friend, approach them with courtesy, and prefer our request in well chosen words? And. when they had kindly granted the favor would it not be good manners to ex press our appreciation in a few appropriate expressions? Then, if we do not feel this humili ating, why should we to bow on our bended knees to our Heavenly Father, and express our thanks and gratitude in language that seems most suitable to each one' of us, and. earnestly beseech Him to guide and guard us every day and hour of our lives. The character, and attributes of the God wo :t fvri.r .ul. u.i: ueiievc in, aic ucauniui una suuiiiiiej1.- uui 111 i short arf iole I c.&n oniv truirh iinon soma that. appeal most strongly to my feelings. I have always 'felt a reverence and respect for His greatness; but a love for His goodness. And to think that He loves each ono of us, with all our faults, no matter how poor-ounfortunate we may be. He will hear our pray ers, no matter where we are, or what we are. And He will sustain ua through every trial that Ho in His wisdom and mercy seea necessary for us to pass through, in order to prove our true worth. Then let us not feel that we weary Ilim with our constant pleading, but ask Him to teach us how to pray, that we may not ask for g that would not be for our welfare or the welfare of those for whom we pray. And may we be more earnest in our supplications, that by our zeal and His ever watchful care, we may be enabled to overcome the temptations that we are bound to.be surrounded with, for we must have opportunities of choos- ing good from evil. Then mav we all live so faithful, and strive to perfornfour little every- day duties so well, that we may be fortified" 4Uid streufjthened-fothe ones as th&v r o O j come along. Hoping that we may all remain true through every test and trial, is the earnest prayer of a member 01 the Improvement Association, self-respe-ct - 1 -- i.- r any-thin- n 7 t - Mary E. L. Neff. Nephi. - ; The Union-Signbslvs: "The Universitv of is the first of State institutions Pennsylvania to forbid the "use of tobacco to it students." But Oberlin College did this fifty years ago. al , 