WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 142 few ever make for. religion's of a character sake,, yet how firm and uncomplaining she stood through it all unto the last. How consistent were her actions with- her professions! She taught by example as welfas by precept - . A . Reverence formed a large part of her charac-te'r- . Her sensitive spirit was oft t n touched through the light manner in which the sacra-Imeis partaken of members of the Church. She lookeJlipon thir ord inarrcetrs being as sacred as the presence of the Savior Himself. She was often annoyed by the" gossip that is carried' on in places of worship among the Latter-daSaints., - She always thought that these places, ought to 'be revered as sacred to the worship of God, so that nothing would interfere with the. free flowing of His Spirit. Pages might be written concerning Sister she Hannah T. King, but her life, and lived it, speaks enough; she neds no per.sons praise or eulogies. Did we wish to recompense her.for the noble example which she has laid before us, we will follow' that example, and always hold her name in loving and DELIGHTFUL AFFAIR. nt January., the 1 5th,, 1887, being the anniversary of Sister Esther B. Fletcher, President" of the Eighth Ward Relief Society, the teachers and other members of the; Society assembled in a sur prise on Sister , Fletcher, at her : residence, and- spent a very enjoyable time in chatting and versing together. After passing the time in this manner for a while, they retired to an adjoining room, where some of the sisters had been busily engaged in preparing supper, and. here they'par-too- k of the bounties of lifer After this they presented Sister Fletcher with. a very nice as well as a token of the love and essuitable present-a- s teem in which she is held by them. They then resumed their chatting, after" which they dispersed, with a hearty shake of the hand and many voices saying,- '"God bless yotr,- and 'many happy returns of the day." . . g y to-da- ' " :. .1 - " i- ELLA. -.- DALLAr-.- - Written for the Young Ladies Quarterly and read .at the annual meeting of - Jenxette McMuriun. 17th Ward Y. L. py. -- fl. , th-- - There is one face absent from our gathering d that we Jiave Tiever before; alwho has and an honored respected person, mi-se- ways honored us with her presence on occasions like these. Sinter Hannah T. King how' familiar the name sounds to every ear; how the stately-audignified form rises to our ;view; we can almost gee the noble and serene fate as plainly a3 we did a year ago, but it is only remembrance that is left to us, the reality has passed away. Sister Hannah T. King has gone to rest; how. sweet must that rest be to her. She has left traces of her useful life for our benefit. What a noble woman she was; and yet, what a pure and humble spirit she possessed." To know Hannah' T. King was to honor and respect her. Happy and favored are the persons whom she called friends. Her heart reached out in yearning to the young people iu the Church, and she wps always ready to commend all that she found" praiseworthy in their characters; but how often was her sensitive and refined nature shocked by the rude and bpister--ou- s mariner of some of the young' people. Talent she could appreciate to. its fullest f to give for whathe received. Io reflect upon the life and character of this great woman would be of benefit to all." She made sacrifices : BEAR LAKE STAKE R. 8. The conference of the Relief of Bear Lake Stake was held in the Society St. Charles meeting house, Jan. 22ud and 23rd, 1887, commencifig Saturday at 10 a.m., Prest. Julia P. Lindsay presiding. Singing.- Prayer byJiishop Calder. Singing. Roll called. MimTtes Qf previous conference read and apfinaucial report read proved. Statistical and ' by the Secretary. Prest. Lindsay ; addressed the conference: Felt very thankful dor the privilege of aain meeting with her sisters. Did hot feel dis- al - : rA- .couxaged Jjyiaiiyeiiniiialthiai in obstacles" ten 0 to cause us to ourTpathw-ifeel discouraged, if we would allow 'hem to "do so. We would not occupy this position and perform our labors aud duties with the assiduity that we do, did we n )t know it to be in accordance with the will of God." Desired to hear the verbai reports of the Relief Society. They were as follows: Coun. Mary A. Virgin reported the St. 1 j.kr.a y to-da- .' " . , 1 M the people will endeavor to make each other as c.lmfortable as pos'sible. There are some of the who were not here yesterpresidents here day; we shall hear them give their reports. Prest. Carlson reported" the Relief Society jf Ovid; Prest Dalrymple,Presto.n; Sister Turner, Liberty; Prest. M. Vanormah, BenDington. Coun. Elizabeth Pollings expressed the gratitude she felt towards her Heavenly Father for once more permitting her to meet with the Saints. "God only knows how many more times we may have : this privilege. Let us love one another, and keep this great command of God; it is one of the greatest He has given. Let us put aside our selfishness. If we would all -- observe the ''golden rule" how blest we wouhj be." . Coun. L. M. Hart said, "It is.with a degree of pleasure that I again behold the faces of those before me.. We have had our duties and it is left with plainly laid before us us whether we perform them or not." Urged the sisters to be energetic in attending to all their duties, such as donations, fast meetings, etc. Hoped we would come forward and faithfully discharge our duties. Invoked the blessing of God upon all. Prest, Lindsay gave more valuable instructions to the sisters, exhorting them, in her usual kind and motherly way, to diligence W, v attenamg- tneir meettngvana perioral uig not have duty enjoined upon them.' "If we it is our owa the Spirit of God with us y fault Children should respect their parents. It is the duty of every child to look after hi3 Children and grandclildren should parents.. look after and provide for the want of their parents and kindred. Do not acts of charitj for a name, but because it is pleasiug to do'-- . Gave instructions to the secretaries with regard to-da- n The young ladies of the Seventeenth Ward are . - preservertheTdentit7;of thei niwffwamzatiw" by holding meetings separate aud independent of tne Young Men's Association, excepting occasional conjoint meetings; and gave some good and sound reasoning therefor. Presf. Wm. Budge urged the same policy,, as m )st beneficial to both Associations. Coun. Amy Cook gave some interesting and . important counsel to the young ladies concern-- ; showing how they ingindustry and self-helmay become useful in domestic affairs, and measurably independent. All seemed to rejoice in the great blessings conferred upon the Saints through of the everlasting Gospel. L. M. Hart, Stake Sec. semi-annu- 1 Sunday, 2 p.m. Singing. Prayer by Coua. James H. Hart- Singing. Sacrameut administered, and the hymn, "low great the wisdom auu int ivvc, iv., a.o cuugi Prest. Lindsay felt very much gratified with having the privilege of meeting again this. the-restora-tio- wealth. - , On Sunday, Jan. 23rd 1887, the young ladies' of the Bear Lake Stake of Zion held l their conference, in St; Charles, Idaho, Mrs. N. E. Pugmire presiding. The conference was well attended, and well represented by the several Associations. Much good instruction was given by the Presidency of the Y--. L. M. b A., by Pre-- t William Budge and others. The President advised the young ladies to : extent; beauty she admired, if it reached as deep as the heart; worth she prized far above : Prest. Lindsay Stated that. Sister Julia Budge had sent in her resignation as Corres- n .I If irn 3 f n r pond ing Secretary. vote of thanks given for her past services. Sister Lottie Price, of Iaris, 2nd Ward, was appointed to occupy the position. Singing. Benediction by Elder J Windlys. REPORTS. p, - instruction and advice.- -- She always took a great interest in their welfare, and only retake a greater ingretted that they would-no- t terest in themselves. Sister King always took a great interest in intellectual gatherings, and was always prepared A semi-annua- ABSENT, BUT NOT FORGOTTEN. - of & P. . Relief Society Secretaries desiring blanks, will please send directly to my address, 107, Main St., Salt Lake City, and save time. Stake reports are respectfully requested to be sent in by March 20th at the latest. Romania B. Pijlatt, M. D., Ass't Sec. ind eb tedtU,h iijiubl e jmmaiu forniany,woxds Y. L. M. 1. A. "These organiza- : BEAR LAKE STAKE Y. L. M. I. A.t , ne S, . tions fe'dd to.flraw' us "closer to each other, and closer to the Lord." Thought the time had really come when there was a famine for the word of God. "We are living for something that will be a comfort unto us in the hereafter. God has never refjuired-an- y of us that thing, ''S we cannot do." poke Jo f the- important misin Israel. sion of a mother NOTICE. Reports from the Relief Society branchesoi this Stake are requested to be sent in by the ist of March. Address, Elizabeth Howard, 60 East, Fourth South St., Salt Sake-Cit- y. ;;. - tion, b)re her testimony. 17. M.J. A , Jan. 21, " .,. PrvsU Annie Laker,'of theTritnaryAssocia" r Re-view- y: Inr tlifiW wllfi TirP fiorViti.i rr 'h rrn J us fL. is Lorl says, 'Vengeance ..mine, aud I will re- - th.e-.wa- y old-tim- e 1 s - - ; Charles Relief ,Society; Prest. F. Howell, Fih Haven; Prest. Ann 'Cook, Garden Citv-- ' tL Secretary, read a report of the Paris Ut Ward-Pari2nd .Ward reported by Prest. M. a' Shepherd. Prest. Lindsay continued her remarks. Said she had not been able to visit, the T?aIioP .' . as she desired, as her health would not permit Her Counselor, Sister E. Coiling u not able as the, riding last even-into attenirtms-moruin- g, affected her so as to make her quite sick " Explained her situation to the sisters, but ex pressed her desire to perform her duties as far as she was able. "Weare few innumber com- pared to those who are fighting against us, but we have only to look unto God; the 3ame who preserved Daniel when, cast into the lim's den is our God We should have charity tht ing upon the older .sisters, and the most genial feeling and influence prevailed. Social conversation and enjoyment for a short time, and the party dispersed with reluctance, haviag - fully- enjoyed both the meeting and the visit. -- y, to-da- 