' ; ' WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 120 God. Her faith in the Gospel was firm and unshaken op to the last time she ever spoke to the sisters; she was full of the Spirit of God., and bore a faithful testimony, and said she knew that this work in which we were engaged was'the work of God, and that the Saints, if they proved faithful, would overcome the world. The same day, in private conversation, she said she felt she had not dene her duty' in bearing her testimony to the truth of celestial marriage.- She said she knew that principle was as just." and tru as any other principle which, had been revealed from heaven, "and it cannot be doubted." She felt.glad that she had lived in that principle for a number of years. She has gone to a higher sphere, and to mingle with those that have gone before, yet her memory will still live in the hearts of the sisters of the Relief Society. She leaves a grandchildren husband, seven children, twenty-eigher loss.. .., Rest. in mourn to nine , peace, dear sister, until we meet again, when our parting will be no more. fast for twenty minutes, and when nearly done add a cup ot grated chocolate; wnen neariy brittle pour into buttered pansjcrease in squares with the back ot a knire when nearly com. Flavor, if desired, in the same way &s molasses candy. If the flavor k put into the candy is lost utiore ino vuliuj ia wniie cooKing,-i- t cold.- - - . - candy.which is very A cooked nice and more economical when eggs are scarce than the uncooked cream, may be made by using two cups of granulated sugar, half a. cup of hot water, rut the sugar and water into aoodtin basin and. let it boil ten minutes. Then test by- - drooping some from the spoon. If it draws into threads, take the pan from the stove, and try rolling a spoonful into a ball. If it 19 creamy and moulds easily, pour into a bowl and flavor. If it will not cream when first taken from the' stove, boil two or three minutes longer. - After it-- is poured into the bowl, beat rapidly with a large spoon until it all creams. This cream may be rolled or cut with a knife into any shape desired, and be used as the foundation of many kinds of can dies, in the same way as the uncooked cream. If in working the cream gets too cold, set. the bowl in a pan of Mrz.Henry- Brown in Cosmopolitan. French-crea- m ' . Gone now to dwell among the blest, Where there's no grief nor sorrow known. Not alone a lasting memory Will her faithful deeds procure, But in God's celestial mansion, Eternal recompense is sure. Though hard it seems to part with friends. Yet we've the sweet assurance given, That ties so dear we' form on earth, Will reunite iniieaven. ., . M. E. S. Abel. American Fork. , - ' - -- T- ad ht great-grandchildr- en . Sarah . . B. Layton. JAMES "hot"-water. -- MM- DANCING IN THE WHITE HOUSE. Since Mrs. Cleveland has returned home it .has turned outthat she went to New York to shop and buy dresses. The report is that the new dresses have been ordered without train, or dancing length, as the dressmakers say; and, what is more startling yet, it is said that Mrs: Cleveland intends giving one or two dancing parties in the White house as soon as the official mourning for Arthur is over. Mrs. Cleve-- ; land is passionately fond of young folks' society. She loves to dance, and enjoys all the pleasures of yaung debutantes. - Eke is nut much more than a debutante herself, because she went to Europe just after leaving school, and came back to America to be married. Sh eh as had no chance to go into society, and she intends to do so this winter, and her friends think she is CO., TINNERS, GAS.WATER & STEAM FITTERS -- Aeent for RUMSEVS celebrated LIFT and PORl c PUMPS. Pumps Repaired on short notice. Orders fro the country promptly responded to. VAiirtn. At a recent meeting of the Relief Society of American Fork, a committee was appointed to draft Resolutions of Respect and condolence to the memory of our dear friend and sister, Alice Greenwood,' First Counselor to the PresiV dent of the Relief Society, who died at this" place Nov. 13th, 1886, after a lingering illness of nearly two years, which she bore with great faith and fortitude, manifesting throughout a strong reliance oti"lhe promises of theTbrd made to. the faithful; her mind was clear to the end, and her faith in the Gospel bright and unwavering, and when her vitality was exhausted, she sweetly fell asleep without a struggle, thus fulfilling the promise, that to the righteous death is sweet. Sister Greenwood has been identified with the Relief Society since its organization, and has been a great' comfort and support to the Presidentin her capacity of Counselor. . She was among the early Saints who were compelled to flee from Nauvoo, having at that time three small children." She endured many privations incident to the journey. She came to Salt Lake City in the second company of 1847, resided four years in the city, and then removed with her family to American Fork, which she assisted in founding, and has been affectionately associated with the interests of that place up to the time of her demise. She was the mother of fourteen children, twelve of whom she saw honorably married, one having died in infancy, and one while on a mission to help the emigration across the plains. The funeral was held on ihe 15th inst,, at the meeting house, when, notwithstanding the extreme severity of the weather, there was a large attendance. The body was borne to the rneeting house by her seven sons and five son. followed by the family, and accompanied by the Relief Society in procession, and numerous friends. V ords of comfort and consolation were given to the mourners by the brethren who took part in the services. The following resolutions were unanimously adopted by . the Relief Society: 3c BAVO JA1M3. In 335. SALT LAX ESTABLISHED OCTOBER, . 7 11 "j.-- IM 1 iy 1868. - - 11 iVJl V7a lLk CUT. . i 1 J 11 H a . s, When the subject of dancing parties wa3 broached to the President he .would hot listen to it. Then Mrs. Cleveland got out some old books showing pictures of dancing in the executive mansion during former Presidents terms, and finally she mentioned that a stately minuet or square dance would be no harm, and finally she carried her point with the President, a3 she always does. Naturally, there is much flutter" in society over the rumor that 'there will be dancing parties at the white. house, and many say they will not believe it until they receive invitations. Ex. "Whereas, it has pleased our Heavenly Father to call to a higher sphere our beloved sister, Alice Greenwood, there" . fore, be it Resolved, That we, the Relief Society of American Fork, do sincerely mourn the loss of our beloved sister, and feel to tender our sympathy and condolence to the husband and numerous relatives who are called upon to lay down an affectionate wife and mother, and with them, we ac knowledge the hand of an Almighty God in our bereave , ment; and, T we do Resolved, That fully appreciate her services, and her untiring devotion as a as worthy of respect and emulation; and, - OBITUARIES; IMPORTERS AND JOBBERS OF Dry Goods, Notions, Groceries HEAVY AND SHELF HARDWARE, GLASS AND QUEENSWARE, ELEGANT CUT GLASS, AGRICULTURAL - ; TOOLS AND IMPLE- - MENTS, CLOTH AND CLOTHING, PURE DRUGS AND CHEMICALS, CARPETS ANP WALL PAPERS, ALL GRADES, AND NEWEST DESIGNS. SST We carry a larger and more complete Stock than any house In the west. H. 8. ELDREDCE. Supt Special to the Ladies. AT TEASDEL'S Will be found the latest styles and pioductions . in LACES, KUCHES, EMBRODERLES, FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES, . er, Died, at Kaysville, Nov. 8th, i886, Alice Ellison, wife of John Ellison, of consumption. Deceased was born at Waddingtori, Yorkshire, England, Nov. 25th, 1820. Was baptized in July; 1838, by H. "C. Kimball. Emigrated to Nauvoo in the spring of 1841; shared in the persecutions in common with the Skifits; crossed the plains in 1802; settled in Kaysville, Davis Co., Utah, 1853. She was the mother of eleven children, seven of whom still live to mourn her loss. She suffered much pain during her last sickness; she was confined most of the time to her room nine weeks previous to her death. Her family were kind and loving, and rendered her every assistance in the hour of affliction, Sister Ellison was President of the Teachers in the Relief Society from their organization; was always at the meetings whenever her health would permit. " She was truly an example to her sisters with whom she met from time to time. She ofteu bore a faithful testimony to this great work, and the Prophet Joseph Smith as being a man of Resolved, That we recognize in the death of our sister the loss of a faithful and efficient officer of our Society; but we feel comforted in the assurance that she enjoys the rest of the faithful, and we look forward to the time when the grave will give up its dead, and a reunion take place with those we love, when earth will be purified and become the glorious horn of the redeemed. Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions be "placed upon our records, that one be tendered the bereaved family ' and one sent to the Exponent forpublication. Charlotte Shelley, . " j - Ellen ' D. Clarke, Durrant, Featherstone, Jemima " Emma Another soul has gone to rest, Another faithful spirit flown; Committee. J SALT LAKE CITY, Utah. . right. i And an elegant assortmeni of "Y O-OOD- S: Special department for Ladies' Misses' and Inant's Shoes. 112, 114, 116, 118 East TempU Stre For Sale at fMs Wieo. BOOKS BY ELIZA R SIJ0V7. ' - 25c. per copy PRIMARY SPEAKER, Nos. 1 and 2, MUSIC BOOK for Primary Hymn Book, 40c $1.00 POEMS, by E. R. Snow, Vol. " Vol. 2, containing steel cngraring u of the anthor, bound In morocco, 1.25 CORRESPONDENCE OF PALESTINE . TOURISTS, with steel engrarings of George A. Smith and Lorenzo Snow, 1 bound in doth, $1.25, In morocco, 1-- 5 ' 