WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 180 other places the Tabernacle and recognize her, and was given a seat near by. It; visiting among Cemple, and hearing in the former a performance was a long time however, before the poor creature IN 1. VVOMA upon the grand;organ, with which he seemed could master her sobs, and both the Queen and the Princess had frequent recourse to their own, mucrTdelighted.- - The Prince is a son of the Em- Editor. B. w EMMELISR " WELLS, arTd ikerch i e fsT W h e rriHe"6man "was able to pe rbr's brother Fried ri ch Carl,-- ho7d urinjft.h e Franco-PrussiaIn Salt Lake City, Utah Terms: war, gained distinction, as an arPublished speak7 however, the two engaged ;'her in r, ien 'anintconversatlonwhich was" kept "up most W.OQ; one copy six anontna, im.uu one copy one tillery, commander,"- and became thenceforth conies for the price of nine. - familiarly known- in military circles as the "Red of the way down to the city. TheQueen inquired Advertising rates: Each pqnare, ten line of nonpareil 'A libera! discount particularly after the twenty of her subjects who Prince." space, one time, 52.50; per "month, 11.00. ' had been allowed to come to U tah whether they p regular advertisers. second South No. Street, Temple Exponent office, were happy and contented and how they were ocrron m a.m MAY DAY. gate east of Deseret News Office. Business' hours answered her that they all , Kapunkini cupied. Sunday. except every day, o5p.m. ' r were doing well, and that none had a wish to reAddress all business communications to --The old and merry holiday has come round once turn. "When thetrain vreacheaTthe city, The other PUBLISHER "WOMAN'S EXPONENT, with it a wealth of memories; I Kanakas were admitted to the car; the women all agaia, bringing Salt Lake City. Utah. almost scent the breath of "dogtooth" and "spring-beauty- " prostrated themselves on their knees in the aisle in the very air; and in ray mind's eye May i, 1887. weeping convulsively and kissing the hands of the Salt Lake City, agaia I see tke group of maideas arid young men ' Queen and Princess; the men merely knelt and and little lads and lasses, startingout to the woods -- took the band without saluting it,though proffered F EN for the day, and hear, or seem to hear, the song 0 HAWAII. THE QUE the respect and veneration expressed in 'their and laughter which made the velkin ring, "Lang adoration. The faces were almost like worship Syne." In another portion of this paper wilfbe found - women continued-tkneel - and weep in the aisleWith what joy we welcomed the fair month of an account of the arrival of Her Hawaiian till the men helped them into seats, and then their . May, that brought us Majesty, Queen Kapiolani and suite in San Franto flow." did not cease tears . I U'.:. (n va.t y 1 in "Daisies pied and violets blue, m. iu fno CI5CU, UU men ny tu .eu1auu tu t.U.nir The Queen . is fifty-twyears of age; her fifti And lady smocks all silver white, the with connected festivities and ceremonies hair is jet black.and is worn combed straight back -And cuckoe buds of silver hue, eth or iubilee anniversary of the coronation of and coiled on the top of her head", under her hat; ith the meadows jiaint delight." Queen Victoria of the empire of Great Britain. frer co'or is somewhat lighter than' that of the naHow we ransacked the dim old woods for the . It will naturally be supposed the ruler Of a nation tives here. Her air is dignified especially when she Saint Elders, when laboring in which Latter-dararest posies,- and clambered and toiled over ' is receiving the homage of those around her; and as missionaries, hive founso cordial a welcome the carriage of her head is the most queenly thing rocky cliffs for the choicest ferns, and then in the and met with so much success as in the Sandwich noontide rest, we sought tihe shadiest dell and reabout her. When she smiles she looks so pleaswith more freshed ourselves with the dainties provided by Islands, could not fail to be retarded ant that it almost makes her look pretty. "She was in the than usual interest by our dear mothers, and slacked our thirst at the community dwelling dressed a la European in a black satin dress the inhabitants these valleys. There are among clear, cold, crystal spring. Then came the hometrimmed with velvet; the sleeves, fringed with some have who of Utah hot only many ward tramp in the gloaming, with our arms full of spent ruffs of lace, "terminated half way between the the in Her Majesty's dominions, acquiring flowers and ferns, to keep fresh by their fragrance, years elbow and wrist, leaving a plump and dusky arm cus the with and for a, few days, the breath of spring we had becoming acquainted language the hands were encased in black kid visible; i toms and h abi ts of he r subjects, bu t al s 0 q u te a breathed that day. 0 the happy, healthy, tired a high black hat, trimmed with black vel gloves; her-o- numerous colony of peoplerwboi having girls and bays of long ago, when we we nt Maying. vet and surmounted by a while dove's wing, was embraced what is known as Mormonism, were per Long may the memories live in our hearts, and, the only head dress; a long strip of grey fur en mitted to leave the Islands and take p their resi like the scent of lavenderjrld presses, bring up, circled her neck, crossed on her bosom and dis main with of was the the Church. It dence body like the breath of soft summer air and glint of appeared somewhere in the back ground. A gold- therefore with much eagerness thatall particulars blue skies, only happy recollections. rimmed eye glass depended by a long gold chain of Her Majesty's retinue, journey and intentions In ye olden times May Day marked the outfrom her neck; in her hand she held a small were read, and with sincere pleasure-th- at a visit break into life and beauty of mother nature, after fanTHer slsfer-Ta-l- a to this city was expected. Moreover, as the con- - "palmetto darker in color, and her hair was slightly mixed her long winter nap, and was heralded with great son 01 a rjincc wnose dominions unaer nis en pomp and festive gatherings, and it is not strange with grey. With the exception of avheavy black tha t "are lightened rule haverTnide grearprogress in the' veil which Tiung about her shoulders she was t ;thartheTprofusionTof scale of intelligence and, civilization, the Queen spread around us at this time should have been tired in much the same fashion as the queen. " was entitled to the respect which so far on her heralded with an instinctive feeling of gladness After a short stay the locomotive bell and whistle journey has everywhere been shown her. ,; and delight, or that the iowers around us should gave warning that travel was about to resumt. "The car was reluctantly yachted, and in a few mo-- .. .have been set up in a sort of decorative fashion Lake City, tendering the royal party the hospitaliand such homage be paid them as finds expression merits the train bearing the travelers on their long ties of the City, came the disappointing news that in the song and dance. ' journey was lost to view. prior engagements would not allow the Queen to Among the Romans we find, their floral games, -May they have a prosperous and. agreeable There at all, that her whole transcontinental 28th of April and " lasted which bsganon-th- e stop voyage by land and sea, and reach their home festi7 journey indeed would have to be unbroken unseveral days, corresponding to our May-da- y again in safety and peace. til she reached Washington upon which a cerval. Among the ancient Celtic people there was tain mendacious newspaper here took occasion to a festival, called "Beltain," held on the first of insinuate that her Majesty's experience with EDITORIAL NOTES. May, and in England, during the middle ages, it ""Mormons" and "Mormon" methods in her own was the custom for- - all, both high and low, even fair Islands had made her only too willing to pass During the temporary absence of the Editor of the court itself, to go out on the first May morning the illconwith of the Church an by headquarters the'ZxroNENT, all business pertaining to the early to fetch the flowers fresh ; so we learn from . .1 TM w ....... '.. v i i . r l t r rvi n n t ..L!. ri ni inpr office and paper will be attended to by Mrs. Annie j The hawthorne ifj Chaucer and other writers. ' was learned from the lips of the party themselves W. Cannon. x branches were gathered and brought home, with their from down whither during Ogden, journey W. H. Dickson, U. S. prosecuting attorney for songs and all sorts of merriment, and came to be a special train, with a large number of invited called the May by a very natural transition of "this Territory, whose course during the last two guests, including of course many of those who had ideas. So tke ceremony of bringing it was called, years has been an insult to American freedom, and been on the Islands, as well as the entire Hawaiian home the May." Thus came the exwhose heartlessness and vindictiveness have "Bringing in this to meet them. The city, proceeded colony pression, "Going a Maying." scene which as the natives met earned for him a title tojemembrance which wiil, affecting transpired Then a little later came' the erection ot a fixed-- r we think, uieu .uecu is uius ucscriDea Dy an eyewitness: in every town and village, called the "May- - ., "The door of the car,which had been kept locked in unequivocal terms 'the intimatron that his pole pole," where, on each M,ay morning, were sus- -' resignation would be acceptable, seen fit to give was now opened to admit one of, the Hawaiians pended wreaths of flowers, and a pretty dance up his omce, an example which, as in duty bound from this city,, a large, g woman was inaugurated round it. Different colored ribhis associate, Mr. Varian, with much named Kapukini,-whis of superior birth, having promptness, each lad and chieftain's blood in her veins. As soon as she followed. Peace to them. The new appointee is bons were tacked to the pole, and lassie held one, and in the figure ;of the dance a Mr. Peters of Ohio. saw her royal mistress she burst into, tears,' and wound and unwound, these ribbons in a pretty bending low kissed the cheek of the Princess (the Royalty has smiled lavishly upon Utah since fanciful pattern round the pole. King's sister and heiress apparent to the throne) a our last issue. In addition to the Queen of But the stern Puritans did away with most of her birth accorded and then pressed privilege her, riawaii, noticed elsewhere, Prince. Leopold of this pretty, harmless nonsense, though in France her lips to the - hand of the Queen. She was Prussia, nephew of the venerable Kaiser Wilhelm and Germany even yet, the May pole may be spoken to kindly by the Queen, who seemed t0 of Germany, spent twenty-fou- r hours in this city, found, and the ceremony of crowning the fairest ' TTT , n semi-monthl- - ye-.- J - ;V'v;; r ---- - ' - "'-' . . ad " ;- - o o -- That ; - y wn : . -- buds-andTsso- ms - . ' 1 1 1 11 r i !. i i. i i i i -- ; good-lookin- 6 . - ,S--- 