23 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. strength and energy in their various labors. Prayer was offered by Elder Saunders, and meeting adjourned until 2 o'clock p.m.. 2 o'clock p.m. Meeting came to order, by singing, "Howfirm a foundation." Prayer by Bishop R. McQuarry.' Singing, "There's a feast of fat things." Elder Joseph Stanford being requested to make a few remarks, felt to respond willingly in this as well as all other calls, for in so doing could - he obtain the Spirit "and blessings tf God. Referred to the remarks of Sister Zina Young and others, and of the good that must follow if their instructions were on ly treasured . uiiJandarrieiiQUtLAdmonished thesister3 to speak all good of one another, and to seek to build each other up by faith and good works. , Sisters Widerborg and Bickidgton bore faith-- ' ful testimonies to the truth of the Gospel, and desired that all- - the sisters might live to be worthy of the greatest praise and honor from their sons and daughters, and to teach them every principle of the Gospel in all purity, by ; observing the same in our daily lives. Sisters. Randall andYearsley felt determined to follow in the footsteps of righteousnesaijLin- til the end should come, and seemed greatly filled with the Spirit of' God, and the gifts and blessings He so kindly bestows. ' Coun. Hattie C. Brown always enjoyed meet- ing" withf the7 Saints of God, anoT was proud that she had a standing with them in His kingdom; felt to praise the Lord for the many gifts and blessings He bestows upon us. Sister. Harriet Snow, said she had been a member of this Church for more than forty years, and had never yet doubted one principle of this, the everlasting Gospel, but felt stronger and more determined to live them than ever before. Advised the mothers to set good examples in their homes as well as in their societies. Said that in the county over which she presided there wa3 one branch of Lamanites, which was in a prosperous condition, The sisters of that branch were doing all in their power to learn the principles of cleanliness and industry, as well as those pertaining to the Gospel. Prayed God to bless us inasmuch as we live according to His teachings. . "Sister Zina Young read a revelation given through" Joseph the Seer, in Harmony, Susque- .hannah Co., Pennsylvania, July, 1830, which was both interesting and instructive. Said if nothing more than the words contained therein had been beard there as an abundance to be remembered and carried out. Advised the mothers to read the Book of Mormon and Doctrine and Covenants often, and liveaceord-in- g to their teachings. Quoted the saying of the Prophet Joseph's: "Don't climb on to the extreme branches of the tree, for there is dan ger of falling. Cling close to the trunk." . to-da- y, Thought it would just as appropriately apply-tThanked the sisters' any one of us for their liberal donations to the Hospital , and to-da- y. admonished the sisters to live purely, so that they could officiate in the ordinance of washing and anointing the sick, and to labor earnestly with the young to instill the principles of the Gospel in their hearts in all purity, so they will-no- t stray away from the fold. Prest. J. S: Richards said Si?ter Eliza R. Snow Smith sent, her love and blessing to all the sisters in this county, and hoped to enjoy i "thefrocietyiir young lady may do a great deal of good. "If Xord to bless us in our affliction! we ask-th- e ne win send comiort to our nearis. vre must expect to go " onward and improve our time while we are here, and try to fill the mission that we have on this earth acceptably before Aftersinging and prayer, conference adjourned lor three months. Mattie A. Cannon, ; . Sec of Weber Stake; RIVERDALE. ; ; the Lord." 7 Sister Shreeves said, "There are a great many .' The Young Ladies' Quarterly Meeting was held at the residence of Sister Martha Bingham, May 19th, 1887, there being a large number present. Prest. Russell conducted the meeting, which wras opened by singing. Prayer was offered by Sister Bybee, and singing again. After the reading and approval of the minutes, an interesting programme was rendered. The manuscript paper, "The Young Ladies' Instructor," edited by Julia Child, was read. Our paper still continues to show a marked improvement bv" the articles contributed for it. Lizzie Stimpson and Annie Stratton sang a song well wor thy. of notice; next a dialogue by five members, entitled, "Woman's Mission." Prest. Russell was pleased . with the programme, and encouraged the sisters in respond : ing when called upon. Sister Stanford . said she had listened with interest to the programme. "The Lord will bless the young sisters in their endeavors to do good. We come here to improve, and should heed the counsel of those who are placed over us. It seems to be a warfare sometimes to do just as we should 'do'," arid as the Lord would have us do; we often want to go our own way. We will comprehend this more as we get older. The more family we have the more necessity we see in trying to lives of righteousness. If we had obeyed the good counsel given to us years ago, 7 in regard to home industry, we would have been more independent than we are; but we must all learn these things by experience. Ifeel that the Lord is helping us, and with all our imperfections we are the mo3t favored people upon the earth, and are greatly blessed by 'Him. I often think though we- - are worldly poor, we are rich in the blessings of the Almighty. Urged the sisters to use a good influto-da- y ence and heed the instructions of mothers and teachers, and sustain their President, and have love in their hearts for each other. . Sister J. S. Richards thought that we had all -- J l ju "avc WT ?u on the principles of our religion. Had enjoyed the exercises and hearing the testimonies of the sistere. "We cannot be happy if we have dis order and disunion in our midst, for we all have failings, but we must overlook them in each other, and look at the good qualities we possess. . Although we claim to have the Spirit of the uorq witn us, we are sometimes lea astray and we do wrong; but we must forgive and we will be forgiven. If we wish to be true Latter-daSaints we must believeathe principles of our Z' 1 tw p - y temptations placed before the young, and the young ladies are' apt to be led astray by outsiders, and they will sometimes Unite in marriage with those who are not of our faith, and the result is they will lose the influence of the priesthood and the spirit of their religion, and in afflictions they realize their true position, for . they cannot expect the blessings and comfort they would receive in listening to counsel and ' marrying those in the faith. Our young ladies should be very careful whom they select as a Tinahnnrl. and nlinnso nnp whom ffiPir nloim both in this life and the life to come. We must, be. humble and prayerful, and obey the commands of God, so that when trials come upon us we can call upon Him to bless, us and we will be comforted. It is necessary' for us alUto have a testimony for ourselves, and then we - will - be more able to wi thstand - the trials of life." -- in sisters are doing a good work. We should all have a desire to see this work Dress on ward; we should improve every, opportunity that we have to speak. Sister Martha Biggham prayed for the Spirit of the Lord to assist all in dnintr trnnd and trying to overcome evil and be united in all "v things. Coun. Julia Child hoped we would put into practice the good instructions that we had received, and prayed that the Lord would bless-u- s in whatever we attempt to do Coun. Jennette Parker felt, thankful to God for Hi3 blessings day by day, and Eliza W. and Sarepta Child each bore testimony to the truth of this work, and hoped we would profit by what had been said, and strive to fulfill our respective callings appropriately. Nellie Child bore her testimony, after which Prest. Russell made some closing remarks, in which she urged all to practice what we had heard, "for it is not the amount that whear that will benefit- - us, it is the amount that we practice." Realized a great responsibility resting upon her as president, but she placed her dependence in the Lord.' Thought the Spirit . of the Lord had been in bur midst, although Satan was trying to destroy bur good works. "7 Sister Dye reported thPrTmaryAsociationV as being in. affair and prosperous condition. Singing, "Lord, dismiss us," etc. Benediction by Maria Russell. : Eliza W. Child, Cor. Sec religion, and be prayerful, so that we can claim the blessings of, the Lord. We should try to set good examples before our children, and help ANOTHER ART CRAZE. them along, for. they will have many trials and The latest art work among ladies is temptations to pass through. If we see exare not good we must not follow known as the "French Craze" for decorating amples J,hat them. When we have the light f the Holy china, glassware, etc. It is something entireh Spirit to guide us we feel happy; we duly need new, and is both profitable and fascinating. It to put our trust in the Lord and we will have is very popular in New York.Boston and other no fear. We must improve step by step each Eastern cities. To ladies desiring to learn the . -- j. t ill senaJ an .1 we and that onward." live, we win day press jxnt eiegant cnmapiacque (18 Sister Monch had enjoyed a good spirit in inches,) handsomely decorated, for a mdel. to the meeting. Was pleased with the exercises, gether with a box of material, 100 colored de " .mm'.-and with the paper in particular, and complisigns assorted m flowers, animals, soldiers, mented the sisters on what had been written. landscapes, etc., complete, with full instruct We should try to improve all" the time in writtions, upon receipt of only $1.00. The placque - We should not seek. in and also alone is worth more than the amount charged. reading.ing, books from but call alone, improvement upon To every lady ordering this outfit who encloses the Lord to aid us with His Spirit." Thought the address of five other ladies interested in the sisters could wield a good influence in soArt matters, to whom we can mail our new ask and should God to ciety, help them to do catalogue of Art Goods, we will enclose extra and without charge, a beautiful 30 inch, gold- so, and the young ladies should hold a good influence over the young men, for there are- a tinted placque. : great many ways in which young men are Address, The Empire News Co.. Syracuse. to and the N. Y. influence of a tempted go astray, A . -- Richards asked if the sisters all felt to sustain 'Sister Eliza R. Snow 'Smith,as their President to out all her carry and in teachings put practice her instructions and exercise our faith, and that we may haye her with us again as we have had many times in the .past, .and to sustain her'also, as the President of the Relief Society of the Church of Jesus Christ , of Latter-daSaints in all the world. The vote was unanimous. y - . 