WOMAN'S EXPONENT. choosing to use it as she pleased, they "have stolen itfrom her, leaving her as unprotected as before, and then, turn round and howl about; the down TrocTde trwam m6 T UtaKT Oh, the hypocrites! I wonder what hope they have" either now 0r in the .. .future of winning our esteem, by sucireonduct? It Is the height of 'absurdity to expect it for they never win reuuze ic. Taik'about preserving, the purity of the ballot. Couid not woman be 'trusted to" help retain its .""' purity? Is it not rather that its purity is too well woman's keeping preserved when it. is in part-imatter? These men certainly will, not thaHs the mimJCtheJ'ageLjDiJcL-Aan- . y revelations-Frori-ruptio- " - nv-m- . - -- oTo-n; rcr Vuincmr nnlitir-ij- "Norl l rnmnrmtc neglected, for the need as careful train-infuture mothers of (though in another direction) as our sons. A ""HffaWne as vane3arid extensive, a slier future re sponsibilities will be a thorough, practical the-rac- e: e knowl-edgeofdom- es tic life, seems to me to be indispensable, although a great deal of the drudgery be- longing thereto may in her after years be done by . others. A sufficient litrerary. education should be secured, while a partial musical education (at least) will add much to that refinement that sits so ; gracefully upon woman. I was visiting some 'tim'e ago at the home of a most estimable woman; accompanying me was; a sisterwho is an excellent organist; a splendid instrument was fn the room and she executed a few of her best pieces. I noticed how interested the children were. After the music ceased, the 'youngest, a bright little fellow, fouryears oldwho was leaning upon nis mouier s Knee, iuukcu up m her face and said with such earnestness, "AIal I wish you could play like thaflady; can't you try?" Unluckily for this excellent mother that part of her education had been neglected. There is, however, another kind of training which seems to me to be of the greatest importance, for what is life worth to us, or, others without health' ; Jso o s i?i-- e s !'a n erJ 1! 9 L1 e sbqu 1 dpo ss c s sa ncl " enjoy. All being well you shall hear again from Auxt Rum SPRING HOPES. The strenuous efforts made by our enemies to devastate this land, and to make it a place of and misery, have only served to the people and cause1" them tobecome strengthen more united, more patient, more loving on every -side; instead of creating the sorrow and. woe they hoped to bring by this most cruel persecution. With the return of spring, hope, frith, lover and to cheer peace are again renewed, and the Saints, and show them that the darkness cannot last forever,, spring has opened unusually early, .and if possible in greater beauty; the trees and grass have commenced to show signs of re newed life, and the early flowers are already in thtrif bloom; the birds, too, have returned to their' old haunts, and by their sweet trillings, remind us .again of their presence. Nature is arrayed in her most beautiful garb, and in everything is seen the wise and wonderful workings of the Creator ; the opening of the buds, .the unfolding of the Mowers, and later, the forma tion of fruit, betoken on all sides' the hand of an alhvise and thoughtful Father. The valley, at this time of the year, surrounded on all sides-bgrand and lofty mountains, their. sloping, sides clothed with verdure, whife tl ".tops seem to kiss the azure, sky, Dresents a most beautiful appearance. Our home is truly a lovely and a blessed one ; and while nature smiles so sweetly, and the valley seems so full of peace and joy, surely the Father, who watches over all, and has caused this rejoicing of. birds and bees and flowers, cares as well for the hearts of His children; and we should also rejoice, and sing with the birds, work with the bees, smile with the sunshine and joyfully prepare ourselves for the future. True, sometimes the frosts wither the beautiful buds, and the. cold winds drive the birds away, but with they all come back; so trials and pain may blight our, hearts and chill our very souls, but iaith and love will renew the tender' hope and strengthen the weakened life. It has ever been the happiness.of Saints to seebe- "yond the gathering, threatening clouds into a bright ethereal clay of everlasting peace. un-happi- gh . the-sunshi- pity a young man who has to assume the role of nurse 'almost as soon as mar- - .' ried life begins and the bodily' condition of whose young wife demands a doctor as well. He soon tlrac rtf U! A Mttaf K r r a ff rl Ant mir be, nor how attentive to rris wants. For disguise society of her he. iLLlliiniiyiJle 1P?S for-tloves, and that, too, away f ro m IhTl rTvaird couch, One very fruitful source among many others j ITEMS FRO M KANAB. that might be named, of what is termed j "female weakness," is in' an EdiTOU Exponent: g in dancin more especially in waltzing, I see so little in our papers, from Kanab, and the polka; always accompanied thai F thought a few items in reference to the as such pastimes are with late fiours; and r and strength? I j j 1 if- 1 ; " he j over-indulgen- schot-tischin- e ' , . . . . - . . " .... At 10 a.m., Fridayrl'Vb. 11, laST.it the Kanab Sclrt l House, "Stake 8upf ., A. Frot, presided. H. C. Bowman i.V the Su)criutendert cf the the exercises were 'Sunday School of. this ward; . . . . I i .. . given by the pupils ot his school; They v;erc of Klli'll rli iv rt t. v (111111 noil ..l. ...... il... they eviuccd the ducient and cajialilo manner in which the school had been conducted, and also that the Supt. and teachers hiid the eternal "welfare of thtchildren at heart. ;; Ai half pat 1 ' p.m. the conference of the Prinvary Associations of the Slake was lield at the same place. As I am more particularly assocIaU'd with this conization, I will give a mor.eexplieit account of the proceedings. In the uw iicy oi r;t:iKe rrestM iomsa spencer, I "oun. Klect.a J. 'Emmett- -' presided. Coun. Siisan , Facherel also present. There were present' of the ward. president.-?- M. Elizabeth Little of Kanab, Si Facherel of Order.ville, and Jane Johnson of Johnson;also present as visitor?, Bisters Harriet Bunting and Artemisia Seg- '' miller- of tho If.plipf SdniVh. si.:iL' I The. meeting was opened by "The Song or the. Workers." V raver by Jane C. Johnson. Singing, "The Trials of the .Present Day.'r The programme was rendered as. follows, y the ch ill ren o f the Kan alf Association : (Questions and Answers on Faith,by whole Asso ciation; Song, "Who Should Sing if not the Children," by a class of little girls; Recitation., on faith, by Gertrude Juddj.Song, "My Mother Dear,'' by Emily Nash; Articles of. Faith, in of boys; (ieeitation, by concert, by Willie Broadben t, aged th ree years; kcita.tion, on faith, by Ethel Stewart; Recitation, by 1 1 . v.-a- s , , te snow-whit- e ; If ' 1 y j ! T ' . J i 73 uniereiu, organizations of this btake'would be ;AVaiv-exefeearlvcsfarmofe-legit.m.at- ely . : : yet how persistent, we are to rontmup thU Practice and that, too, against the desire of our estjfrienris. and without danger- ,- in other ways that are most commendable and praiseworthy that will preserve the elastic step, the queenly gait theuddy cheek and the robust constitution unimpaired :thus securing to posterity that vitality and strength which desirable' Mothers! too many of us live-tofar away from our Their daughters. secret life is to us' a sealed book; let us open its pages and with the every day'sexperience written therein let us add leaf bv H leaf those wise Yhnt nr.u. '1 can give. , I have often looked upon the bronzed cheek of the maiden who performed: daily (he heaviest physical labor and often out of doors and have . "noticed her healthy appearance as compared yftfi-Ah- c pampered girl of fashion, powder and paint. Letusdraw a line between these two extremes and follow the middfe course of conduct so beautifully in keeping with our, organism and thus preserve that healthy equilibrium of body and of. suco-estion- and fraud that have been proven against them in this particular that 'the' ballot is safe in their handsalone? A jealous woman is to be pitied, but a jealous man should be despised, and it is certainly -- jealousy of women in regard to the wise and honest use she will make of this one weapon that has prompted these men to steal, '" ' ' s: it from hen; , Now, my sisters, seeing this has been done, let" us exercise ourselves in another direction Wp have hundreds of sons who are annronrhinohood:' we can recite to ' them the wrong that- has been done us iii this regard and teach thm th value of this weapon when wjelded aright."' When" they reach maturity we can assure ourselves tha1 each boy of ours is secure in its possession and thatiwe can teach him how to use it; and who is there who dare attempt to rob us of .this sacred trust! Our political rights must be maintained at all cost save that of sacred covenant; therefore let every disfranchised ''mother not only train her sons, but see that they "are fully qualified to enter the arena from which she has been so cruelly ban ished andjlherefcontend for'the right; for next to our holy religioojis our; country and itswise and judicious government, to secure wdiich, men of of sterling worth must rule therein not demav J ' - ss Sabiia:.01iphautHWaloueVmTaitlirby---cIais-TD- f -little girls; Din t. "Bury Me (Quietly Wrheri I Die," by May and Sabina Oliphant; Lecture, on faith, by Emily Nash; Recitation," by Steven i ottei aged io u ry ear M. Elizabeth Little reported her Association as beirg in a good condition. Said &ln liad BYtn Jifrr.scl,f., the principles of the Gospel as far' as ,she was able, "so that the boys; particularly,, may not thf myrl ven,'" but be able to give tho whys ami wherefores of their belief, unto others." S". Facherel reported the As.;ociath;n" of . Orderville as doing well, having a goodly number enrolled, with a good average attend- - ance. - Jane , Johnson said there were but a few children at Johnson; under circumstances, she thought .they were doing well. Counselors E. J. Immett and S. Facherel exhorted the children to obey their parents and those who were placed over them; abo spoke on the necessity of prayer. Mrs. Segmiller told the children .'that their . advantages vere far greater than had been, those of their fathers and mothers, and they C. exi-tin- g . 1,1 OllUUlU pi WUU LIH J J 1 J Singing, "O Lord, Protect Our Leaders True." Benediction by'S. Facherel. At 3 o'clock the ladies of the Relief Society held their conference, Prest Harriet Bunting presiding, assisted by her First Coun., Mrs. Artemisia Segrailler. We had a very enjoyable time. Coun. Segmiller spoke at some length on of the soirit o ' prevalent amonfO l Counseled the sisters-some sisters everywhere; to be kitd and charitable to one another, and fault-findin!- ?. -- lm ttoi.it nnrefn anointed. . . - rrest. Uunting madeTSorne remarks on the duties of the pisters in the Relief Society. ' . Other listers bore their testimonies to the work. .' truth of the Latter-da- y At half pat 7 the Y. AL and Y. L. M. I. A. met in conference. The prograjnme indicated . , 