vxm.sl'. - - iMX M I '" WOMAN'S EXPONENT..... " .. 'fetUfc'jL nmrtvi-j- , - . - I revealed through the Prophets of God in this disanxious to know what effect the speeches had made pensation will come off more than conquerors-Theruponjiim, inquired what he thought of the cause." is no danger,so great as that of He replied, he was "too old to change his views." falling away with the ready wit or becoming indifferent to the voice of the Miss said Anthony, "Then," Editor, : Holy EMMELISE B. WELLS, which never forsakes her, "aren't you too old to Spirit, that leads intoall truth, aud which, under Published in Salt Lake City, Utah TermsL . sit in the Congress of the United States ?"- - Mr. all circumstances, is a sure guide and shield and one copy one year, S2.00; one copy six months, 51.00. len Saint. Tucker, who is very good natured, only laughed protection to t he Latter.-daconlM fhr the trice of nine. at the joke, as he possibly considered it, though Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil Miss Anthony was in sober earnest. Perhaps he pace, one time, f2.50; per month, 83.00. A liberal discount TO SISTER ELIZA R; S. SMITH. to mnilar adrertlsers. looks upon the Mormon question as only a possible ExfONTXT office, No. 25 E., South Temple Street, second joke, but he will yet find that the. Mormons are w a.m On the 23rd of December, having had a reunion 'gale ea-- of Deseret News Office. Business fiours iron to their about in earnest most adhering solemnly 5 to p.m. every day, except Sunday". of the Nauvoo Saints and others1, on the eighty-firs- t .. Address all business communications to religion. anniversary of the birthday of Joseph Smith PUBLISHER WOMAN'3 EXPONENT, differin a Edmunds Senator is, every respect, the Prophet and Seer of the -- nineteenth century, ' SALr JLack City. Utah. ent kind of man. He is proud, rich, cold as an the committee most respectfully desire you to icicle, aristocratic. and arrogant. He would never accept the accompanying token of. regard, which Salt Lake City, January 15, 18 will be presented by Elder Jacob Gates. The Jjave been half as famous as he is, and as widely But for been the'Mormons. not known had it article - referred to is tire - artistic "work - of - the "not him "in the will avail much. such popularity COMMENTS. widow James Snow, and her daughter, widow who build' themselvas on run." up People long Sarah K. Younr. terrible to sure a have are the ruin others of tall, - TheEdmunds Tucker Bill, of which so much Diana Smoot, Percia Bunnel, will his and come. been-saisome There d assuredly, has of late, passed the House of Repreday, Deborah Billings, Marilla Daniels, are men here- in Utah "Liberals" they falsely sentatives by a large majority with a "whoop and Frances Cluff, Louisa Newel, a h"owl," on Wednesday, January 12th. This out- - style themselves who are urging Congress to do Emeline Miller, Harriet Bean, and. this derives its name - from two leading ageous-bi- ll Committee. men in the Congress of the United States, and it deceiving the general public and members of ConProvo." is greatly to their discredit that they should thus gress, who are not themselves acquainted with ACKNOWLEDGMENT. facts, by means of messages, telegrams and fracdegrade the talents given them, and subvert the emand of tional statements aims, and intentions of all and good things, elaborated, With many tbanksand gratitude that words can"falsehoods with to sjjit their purpose. bellished government by yielding to a popular clamor and not express, I acknowledge the receipt of the Senator Edmunds and John Randolph Tucker, are prejudice born of rumor and misrepresentation. beautifal cake, politely presented by Elder Jacob not deceived, however; they know the situation Senator Edmunds formulatedthebiiLat first, and Gates, in behalf of .the Committee. it passed the Senate last session of Congress, and J having heard the facts from those who are authorE. R. S::ov Smith. ized to speak for the people, and therefore they was sent to the Lower House, where it was referred cannot plead ignorance, and are left without exto the Judiciary Committee, of which John Rancuse. On the question of woman's suffrage, Mr. dolph.; Tucker is the Chairman, and in this way ROMAN'S VOICE. this .compound bill Tucker holds the Southern view that women are I would like to place a few of my thoughts on received its; double name, Hon. John T. Caine, too good to dabble in politics or enter the field of is But in it such way. any Delegate from Utah,- occupied an hour and a half field of public matters paper, peradventure it should meet the thoughts in opposing the passage of the bill, and exposing his Mormon of some one else. donsidering very "doubtful about its inconsistent and iniquitious measures, and the women too good; he likely thinks they are not. In the year of 1852 I received the Gospel of cruelties it would inflict upon an unoffending, and Mormon he does same as the men, Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y good enough, Saints, knowing that it '.not-ihis1 bill and who to are the was of God unto salvation to all those thought good enough already oppressed persecuted people. power His speech was able and eloquent, and he was have the right to do anything to defend their rights that will believe and obey the same in all things, to the homes and inheritances,which their own inas fast as it is made known to them. It was on greeted with many congratulations' at the. close. It was a strong protest against adverse legislation the 6th day of June tha I went down into the dustry and almost superhuman perseverance have in forcible forth a manner facts and condimade in a desert land, previously unknown, waters of baptism; I then met with many a conflict; setting tions as they actually exist, as against false reports, But there are somethings it was then that ,1 upheld the principle of plural cept as uninhabitable. slanders and Mr. Bennett, of neither Senator Edmunds nor the Hon. John RanI did not- know that plural marmarriage. North Carolina, spoke one hour upon the worst the same of nor others stamp can dolph Tucker, riage was in the Church at that time, but I said features of the bill; we remember this gentlemen do. They cannot stamp out Mormonism from the that all good men in olden times had more wives as the only one with whom we conversed, who hearts and souls and consciences,, of those who than one, and why. not now? thought it was a . said he would consider the bill prayerfully, and have embraced it honestly, and have received a good principle; it has always looked right to me, we made a note of it at the time. Reed, of Maine, and I have tried to live in accordance with the testimony of its sacred truths. Persecution canwho approved thebill, spoke in its favor for twenty not kil a principle, nor can imprisonment,' or torsame, and live according to the dictates of coare Latter-daand minutes, traducing ture of any ind,"and though-lawsmadeto nscience, trusting in the God of our salvation for villifying" the Saints in the bitterest manner. Reed might with root up and abolish it, the seed is sown and will the outcome. Light and truth must be carried Mormon-hateall propriety be termed a all the influence of unto all the world, that every ear may hear the bear its fruit, notwithstanding He was followed by John Randolph Tucker, the the great, the noble and the wise of the kingdoms sound thereof, and the world left without an excuse, of the bill, who succeeded in arousing and governments of this world combined together. and to clear" the way before the consummation of sufficient antagonism to the Mormon people to He who holds the nations and kingdoms and all things, which is fast hastening on. push lhebillthrough under the excitement of the kings and rulers in His hand has decreed, and Every principle in its proper place, inasmuch as in miswhen the mist of clouds of dark hour, just His words. cannot fail. the Gospel requires it faith and repentance, and and slanders it was rendered possirepresentation Even this extremely tyrannical bill, that makes obedience to every principle and commandment ble. Mormons, one. and all, little better than slaves, that pertains to the salvation and exaltation of all It seems incredible that such an outrageous bill unless they subscribe to an oath, which denounces the human family that dwell on the earth, inasshould pass without further protest; there were a the principles of their religion wholesale, is not much as they will obey the same, and live accord- few" negatives, but not enough to demand the bad enough to suit such men as Baskin, he himI know that the ing to these requirements.. yeas and nays. Doubtless Mr. Tucker is proud of self stated 'twas not what he wanted ; he wants principle of plural marriage is a righteous principle. that day's work, but, after all, if the bill should fail something more like .the Hailey Bill, and I upheld it before I ever heard it was practiced in could, of passing the Senate, or the President refuse his doubtless, see every Mormon this dispensation. It is' upheld in the Bible so hung or put to the will he not in succeed so admirably signature, sword. The spirit of hatred and vengeance, that plainly among the patriarchal order of families, as favor his at the close of gaining popular characterizes the men who oppose Mormonism in public they were acknowledged by the Father of the career by his attempt to crush out the Mormons.' the present day, is just as vindictive and Faithful in that day. The Scripturesspeak "of quite as Mr. Tucker is a Presbyterian in faith, and cruel as. the spirit that sought to destroy" the faithful Abraham, and represent him as the illiberal and bigoted in his religious views, as most ancient Saints, when they cast the Prophet Daniel "Father of the Faithful." He did all things that of that sect are. He is strongly opposed to into the lions' den, and the three Hebrew children the Lord required at his hands, and it was acwoman's suffrage, and after a hearing before his into the fiery furnace ; but even .'as counted to him for righteousness, and his children they were Committee on that question, last winter, when thwarted in their attempts to take the life of the followed after him. It was said that "I am the some of the ablest and most eloquent women in chosen of God then, so will they be in this day, God of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob." They were the land presented arguments and logical reasons and all their cunningly concocted schemes will called Abram and Sarai, (Genesis, xvi, 3). "And for the support of such a measure as the ballot in and the of fail, truth stand firm as the principles Sarai, Abram's wife, took Hagar, her maid, the the hands of Miss Susan B.Anthony, , women, rock of ages,and those who abide in the the principles Egyptian, after Abram had dwelt ten years in TT T hXPO JENT. WOMA N'S senU-mouibl- y, e . y ' 1 ' - . . "- . - -- -- law-maki- -- anti-Mormo- peop-of-LTt- great-wrocg-agaiast-lhe- -. -- ng anti-Americ- n, ah, . an - n T , ft- mis-statemen- ts. - y hot-head- god-fath- ed r. er , , - , 