WOMAN 'S EXPONENT. i)6 had thP Tabernacle, in Salt Lake City. Rumors that his arrest been floating around for some time wnue reiurnmg iron, was contemT)Talea.-:Jn--iaclhe was ada trip to the settlements in Arizona, vised in California 'that. 'Ire was in great danger, suggcsted--lha.and-it-w- as perhaps it. would be better (or him not to return to Salt Lake City. He listened to these cautions.but still resolved to take WOMAN'S , Editor. EMMRllSE fl. WELLS, in Salt Lake City, Utah Tcnns:. - mie copy, six months, S1.00. JTeu '.. copies for tho price &f nine. lines of nonpareil ten Each rates: square, AdyeriHmr , pace, one time, UM, per month, 3.00. A liberal disemmt o regular advertisers. E South Templo. Street second office, No. east of Peseixt News Office. Ku5jnes hours frow W m i'ublfshcl one copy oh4 ye r, L semi-monthl- -- ' . Exi-onk- ,". the rfsk,and came back and fearlessly went 'about his business for sometime. .But on the evening of Sunday, February ist, he concluded to withdraw himself from the public performance of his numerous and important duties. In taking this and to re. step, he did so more to preserve peace, move all possible cause and excitement, than lrom ) gate 0 5 p.m. every day, except Kun.lny. ,t Address oil business communications ';1 PUBLISHER WOMAN'S V Salt Lake to exponent, City. I'TAtr. August r, City, any desire for personal safety. He perceived that there was a determination on - the part of men holdin" official position here to raise an isue and, Saints jn seriif possible, involve' the Latter-daous trouble.. Me ..had r.ot broken any law. He .'knew he .was innccenf and that if he were'arrested and could have a fair trial, nothing could be brought aga:n?t him. lie hacMaken every that a man could take under .his cirum-stance- s attack. to make himself invulnerable con- -' was he He was . determined that, so far as 1887. y ANN 0 U N C E M E N T 0 f" THE DEATH' OF PRESIDENT JOHN TAYLOR. pre--cauti- Saints are called upon Once mors the Latter-da- y to mourn the death of their leaderthe man who has held the keys of the' Kingdom. of God upon the earth. President John Taylor departed this life at five minutes to eight o'clock on the evening of Monday, July 25th, 1887, aged 7S years, 8 months and 25 days. to the this sad intelligence In communicating ' (j Church, over which he has so worthily presided for nearly ten years past, we are filled with emotions too deep for utterance. A faithful, "devoted and fearless servant of God, the Church in his death has lost its most conspicuous and experienced . leader. Steadfast to and immovable in the truth-few men have ever lived who have manifested such integrity and such unflinching moral and physical courage as our - beloved - President who has just gone. from us. He never knew the feeling of fear connected with the work of God. But in the face of angry mobs, and at other times when in imminent danger ofjpersonal violence from those who threatened his life, and upon occasions when the people were menaced with public peril, he never blanched, his knees never trembled, hs hand never, shook. Every Latter-da- Saint always m 1 :' but would-- do every thing' in his power to prevent the people over whom he presided from being involved in difficulty. "Frcm thai date, upwards of two years and a half ago, when he" kit his home in Salt Lake City lie had not had- the opportunity of crossing its threshold again. To home and its joys, its de- lightful associations and its happy reunions he has lived as an Crxtle a a stranger. a He-h- as been ... wanderer in the land, to the development and jrood government of which he has contributed so much! While living in this condition, one of his wives was stricken with disease, and though his heart was torn with anguish at the thought of her condition, and vviih anxiety to see her and minis ter to her in her 'deep' distress, her residence was and when she was in a closely watched. even searched with the hope d)ing condition,-wa- s him! Thus she was deprived of the privi!ege.Qf looking upon his beloved face, and he had not even the sad consolation of wit- nessing or taking any part in her funeral cere - . by-spies- During the two years and a half that President Taylor has been living1 in this condition he has been cut of from all the society and loving minis trations of his family. Bat though this was so hard to Lear at this time of life, he never murmured He was always full of courage and hope, cheering every one with whom he was brought in contact, and lifting his companions by his noble example, out of despondency and discouragement. With the same courage with which he stood by the Prophet ot (,od and with a walking cane parried the guns of the mob when they vomited their sheets of flame and messengers of death in Car thage Jail, he confronted the difficulties and the trials which he. had to meet when compelled to leave his home and the society of those whom he loved. His demeanor throughout this lon- ordeal has been most admirable. Every one who has seen him has been impressed by his equanimity and stately bearing,. Always distinguished for his courtesy and dignity of character, at no of his life did he ever exhibit those traits to period greater advantage than he has during his exile. He has never condescended even to speak evil of those who so cruelly him. persecuted By the miraculous power of God President Taylor escaped the- death which the assassins of Carthage jail designed for him. His blood was then mingled with the blood of the martyred Prophet and Patriarch. He has stood since then as a living martjr for the truth. But to day he occupies the place of a double martyr. k has been killed by the cruelty ofojfi. - - . jv--1- . 1 . -' 1 h-(- (v al-wa- ys . r ,1:. were distinguished for the same qualities. With these were c 0 rabin e d an in tense love of freedohT and haired of oppression. He was a man whom all could trust, and throughout his life he enjoyed, to an extent surpassed by none, the implicit confidence of the Prophets Joseph, Hyrum and Prig-haand all the leading men and members of the Church. The title of '"Champion of liberty," which he received in Nauvoo, was always felt to be most appropriate for him to bear'. But it was not only in the possession of these qualities that President Taylor was great. - His judgment was remaikably sound and clear, and through life he has been noted for the wisdom of his counsels and teachings. His great experience made his suggestions exceedingly valuable; for there . . .. 1... .rt ... : .. Buiaci- - uccu 4 juuin. uiui cihcui ui any Kind commenced, carried on, or Completed, since he iu WH1LII Uf Has nOL laKClLBA'tt. juiucu mc Butitisnot necessary, that we should, even if time permitted, rehearse the : events of his long and busy life. To do so would only be to give a greater part of the history of the Church; for with it his biography is inseparably interwoven. The last time President Taylor appeared in public was on Sunday, Februrary ist 1885. On that occasion he delivered a lengthy discourse in urnish-ro'T'retextfortroubler monies. and courage were needed,vhere President John l'uvt fill U'ntiln lif 'minrl nnrl wlint his tnnpc v.onLl be. He met every issue squarely, boldly and in a way to call forth the admiration of all who saw and heard him. Undaunted courage, unyielding firmness were among his 'most prominent charac-:..- : t.: cerr.cd hevorW on cials tfho have, in this, Territory, misrepresented the Government of the United States. There is no room to doubt that it fie naa oeen penmucu 10 of enjoy the comforts, of home, the miijistrations had been he his family, the exercise to whjch but of which he was deprived, he ii lilnnrl vp! j" migni nave iiveu iui many KhunTThTclothes of the menTwho" with insensate am1 Iiita' t r 1. have n ercfl rewaras or ins anesi auu.nrtc hounded him to the grave. History will yet call their deeds .by their, fight names; but One greater than the combined voicesof all historians will yet pronounce their dreaclful sentence. ' It is now some months since President Taylor was attacked by disease. inIt came upon him the beginning by degrees, manifesting itself exby a swelling of the limbs for want of proper ercise. He fought disease with his characteristic pluck anddetermination. He would not yield. He would neither allow himself nor anyone else to' think that his sickness was serious. He woulj not permit his family to know his real condition, as he did notwish them to have any anxiety on his account, and it was almost against his express wishes they were told how sick he was. When messages Avere sent by him to them, they were "t;.f 'p, Up to the last-da- y or two he was . able to' sit in his chair, and until quite recently he was able to assist himself in getting in a,nd out of bed. The strength he has AvUJKIf-- jl thifpnnrii vnf'lifp. h.ivp. been verv wonderful ; for. though-sstrong, he had partaken of scarcely'any nourishment for the past six weeks. So peacefully did he pass away and so like a babe falling asleep that a briefperiod elapsed before thosre who stood around his bed were sure that his spirit had taken its flight. As the sad intelligence which we now communicate will spread through these valleys and mountains, sorrow will fill the hearts of all at hearing of the last days of tneir beloved and venerable President. We know how deep has been the sympathy that has filled the hearts of the Saints for him in his advanced years in thinking of his con- dition and of his being compelled to live as an ex- ile from his family and the people. The expres- sions of esteem and love which have come to him from all parts of the land have deeply touched him and caused hinvgrgat pleasure in thinking. how much lie Avas beloved and how much his welfare was desired by all the Saints.throughout the earth. His constant desire was to do everything In his Saints from the power to relieve the Latter-da- y oppressions under which tliey suffer. Every pulsation of his heart beat with alove of Zion and a desire for her redemption. We desired, and the 'desire was general,- we believe, throughout that he might live to emerge from his ex- -' i!e and to be once more a free man among the peowhom he loved. But this has been denied us. ple He has gone to mingle with the holy and" the pure, and to quote his own eloquent words, written concerning his dear friend, Joseph the Seer: - .Presi-dentTaylo- , : , . r - . the-Churc- "Beyond the reach of mobs and strife, He rests unharmed in endless life; His home's in the sky, he dwells with the Gods, Far from the furious rage of mobs." . And though we have lost his presence here; this influence will still be felt. Such men may'pass from this life to another, but the love which beats in their hearts forTighteousness and for truth can- not die.. They go to an enlarged sphere of use fulness. Their influence is extended and will be more widely felt, and Zion will feel the benefit of his labors, as it has the labors of others who have gone before him. The work of God will roll . forth. One after annther of the mighty Men the men who have spent their lives in the cause of God may pass away, but this will not affect V the purposes of our Great Creator concerning His Latter-da- y work. He will raise up others, and 