WOMAN'S 98 r all the ardor of his genius to uic coinjoeuou m his earliest project; an heroic, poem. This was ' in his wind, though, not fully under- always ..." iMI ....... ,IJitn,. tlr wild (if Tlfill. tic. "Paradise Lost" was first printed in 1GG7, nnd-tliimmorta work was soldio a tiookseller fur the paltry Him of five.: pounds. It is sam,. he was indebted hn the idea of it to an Italian drama on the Fall of Man, and again, many find the ideas identical with those of Oaidmoi). the early Saxon's "paraphrase of the Bible." To whatever or whomever he was indebted, we can only be thankful that Miltoii;w.t, and that hvdid write "Paradise Lost." "Paradise and "Samson Agonisre?' a tragedy, were published three: years later. These, with the poems first mentioned in thi-- sketch- and a prns or sou nets, wnn a iew .juveiniia,iu uurm, are all of hi poetical "English and wok. Though he was early attached to th; muses (it is said .he was a poet at .ten years of a'?e), lie wrote out inue nil nis .uurneiu year. mc u - iuu .(luring me next ininy yv;w. oi beyond the lihd no composition in verse " lis youth and length of" a sonnet, or a psalui. old age he devoted to himself and Aunejfis- - EXPONENT. Ntiv. 19, 1887.' President CritcrTlow presided. "After inging, prayer was offered by Bishop Critchlow. Singing again- - and then a report organizaof the association was read from its ' ; 1878. tion oirDec. 11, few remarks a President M. "Critchlow maue meetiug,-whicin which she.-tate-d object e e was to bring about a reunion of and love with the sisters President Nancy HiH made aTew encouragCritching remarks and was followed by Bishop who were low and Counselor James Burch pleased to be present and hoped the meeting would result in some good. Spoke of the Relief Society as being a great aid to the ward on account of the benefit which was felt from their assistance, and also exhorted mothers to live near unto the Lord, as a great responsibilifamilies in ty restd upon them in raising their the right way. President Surah Herrick of the Central Board of the Young Ladies couldsee an in.-- , creased interest manifested iu this ward as she. had visited many of the Societies. Sisters Gibbs and E. Piiigree were thankful for the good counsel they had received and desired to put the same into pru ctice- -; Fe t .V A lYo I f li C 11 ID SC iff r m tii id d , been had "lli-tnr- y Mdnch Iv. E. Cminselor highly of England," works of Milton are hi sisters. She her. of remarks the edified and by which comes down only to the Conquest, atsofJkmdnes3 we could in which he pleaded the caue "Areopagitiea, v r u- m t .1 OI perform in administering to the sick and l I reir prr? w '.Ii ti - g i e i - l oi t;e, u....) uul It is not possible in a short sketch Hke this to u fll icted and to each otFer thatwould bring love. speak at greater length of his works. Of his .confidence and Singing "The Spirit of God," and meeting .persoi al habits he tells us himself: "Those by Eider Weavmorning haunt are where thev should br at adjourned until 2 p.m., prayer x . home; not sleeping or concocting the surfeits of er. extended an President the After this meeting an irregular feast, but up and stirring in winter, often ere the sound of any bell awaken men to invitation to all present, to join in the feast labor ordevotion; in summer as oft. with the. which had been prepared for the occasion in bird that first rouses, or not much tardier, to the mw school house .to which all did ample read good authors, or causi them to be read" "justice, 7 Xv his daughters rose early, too), "till (evidently Afternoon- Session: The afternoon meeting the attention be weary, or the memory have was coiulucted by President Nancy Hill ot the its full fraught. Then with useful and generY. L M. I. A , commencing at 2 p.m. by singous labors, preserving' the body's health and ing on "page 198. Prayer by Brother James hardiness, to render lightsome, clear, and not Buich'and singing again on 1GG. lumnidi obedience to the mind." from its A report was read of the When at. Cambridge,, he was so handsome a organization; after which President Hill tenman as to be called4The Lady of Christ's dered her resiguution which was accepted. The OiilIpfTp." and he retained his irood Ionics to ihn vflcanpifs were filled and some excel leu t rer linl tKvasx ilnnr.lttnv.i ft 1I1 l,T li ancf marks w'eremadeby-Couuielprs-Fliud- ers two of whom used to read to him in eight Ensign. languages, though they understood only their C unselor JrE.Monch counseled the young own, it being ausual saying with him, that ladies to attend their meetings and willingly "one ton pte was enough lor a woman. .We., perform every duty. ; can but aekno'wledge him as a great poet, but President Herrick arose and spoke in lit II1UOV UI OUI& WCO.IJ' IIJCIIIIUW, tongues and R E. Munch interpreted, blessing to nlod through word- after those. two cirls "J o the sisters, etc. , , j ": IU1 lllUil UllliU nuivi imiiuui. unouiiig iw This conference will be long remembered as father's benefit, and m rely such devotion merits being a, day when the spirit of God was strong' a crown hereafter. I renumber, as a childj ly manifested and shall ever, be regarded as a admirTng greatly a picture of the blind poet, happy day by these associations. seated at an open door, his head thrown back, The meeting adjourned for one year by singwith a most ecstatic expression on his face, and ing onpage 2G0. Benediction by Tiro" Fur- seated at his feet, on the steps, his daughters, '1 f nise. writiDg down the fervent words which seemed Esther Pingree, Sec. to come forth from his entranced soul; but now I look back I think not so much of the poet or his poems, but of those poor tired girls, and NOTES AND NEWS. wonder if they had a dim perception of the immortality of the words they wrote, that Oscar Wilde is editing a new magazine for gave them courage for their. daily tasks. iEnglish ladies ' The Woman's World, a shilling Milton died, at his home in BunhilhFields, in 1G74, aged 68 years, and was buried next to 'monthly. his father, iu the Chancel of7St Giles, at Miss Filers, M. D., who is physician to the Cripplegate, where a monument has been Queen of Corea, at a salary of S18,00 a year, erected to his memory; Westminister also conhas married Rev. D. A. Bunker. ' tains a bust and monument commemorating the Miss Dorotha L. Dix, among her other life and works of one of England's nu.st illusgood trious, poets. deeds, succeeded in calling the attention of Mysotis. Pope Pius IX to the shocking management of the State Insane Asylum at Rome. . In a brief A JOINT CONFERENCE. but smiewhat audacious interview she pre- ' 8 V l ne r' A joint conference of the Relief I: nd . v i . . iuuis. uie suu tci in nano ordered a npw vJ OUUl' tIjatlieS JVssnPistinn and anew of Weber StakVw w held in the school house, I. i'iiunon fysm, and thanked Miss x warmly for her humane efforts. ' i . - . . s i .1 . . Iadamei Benda, the mother of Madame She had has iust lived to an advanced age,. but was active and energetic to the last. Madam Benda was a wonian of unusually strong character and she,, brought up a large family, tff which the actress was the younirest, to hard iMa.oam luonjeska was work and her of m( ther from the time the prop and stay she was fifteen. The news of Madam Benda's death was received while .Madam Modjeska was playing Juliet in- Omaha, but she was not informed of it until after the performance. . died-in-Polan- . 1. . li-.u- n of-th- h 1 gelf-respec- coufi-denc- The woman '"suffragists' of Kansas lately adopted a yellow ribbon as their distinctive sign. They call it the "suufiower badge." ,'ihev folsay they chose it "because, as the sunflower lows civilization, follows the wheel track arid the plow, so woman suffrage inevitably government." The suffragists of Massachusetts and Pennsylvania have taken up the idea, and mary of the, "white ribbon women" d of the W. C T. Ijrare knotting the ribbon with the- white one at their -boles. The two go well together. s - 1 1 1 I 1 i follows--civilize- ' . 1 - button- , William" Bilborough, an obscure member of Spurgeon's church, who has lately died, had a heart full of sincere though, uuobstrusive by-ma- J i. 1 "women. and as the streets second hand furniture-shop- , around are haunted by fallen women, he placed in his window the following: "Notice: Any poor and unfortunate si.ter that nquires a good home, will she kindly inquire within?" He was the means of rescuing many, and he preserved a record of one hundred and forty-eigh- t who persevered, and are now houest women. ' -- ; the young Jewish poet who has just died in New Yoik, was the author' Mis Emma Lazarus, - of a novel and a number of essays, but - 1 ,3 (li-o- f llv . " . , : . i- - Sntv V?,""1" p a-- , i l. was chiefly xkiiown by her poems. She was related to Miss Gratzrthe betrothed of Washington Irving and the original of the character of Rebecca iu Scott's "Ivanhoe." Miss Lazarus was a - 1 d gold-colore- . sjH)ke-of-niauy.ma- . t. - He-gaine- i d. , generous friend to the Jewi.-- h refugees who fi d to this country from Russian persecution, and he, iart in the movement to pro-vide good music lor working ptople tree ot charge, which resulted in the ettablishment of the "People's Concerts." xtk-an-art- iv. Misses Fannie and Alice Orton,. of Butte Creek, California, have secured one hundred a nd six ty acres a pi ece o f gover n meut land . fEn h fences have been built and trees planted. Piums, apples, prunes, and all the small fruits grow admirably. Fine winter apples can be grown and transported at a good profit, and iu a few years their lands will become. yery valuable. The Oroville Register says these girls "are doing what many a young man might be proud to do, in the way of securing themselves homes," ehHbas-ideepon-ber-- qu rter-BfGti- on . . Mrs. Clara L. Brewster, president of the Linn County (Kan.) WToman Suffrage Association, tells an araudng story of her experience as- a of Linn County. She says: "I was riding.to my school one morni CI was a when a man called to me, ami, in an insulting manner, told rae that, I was ordered to work out my road tax on such a day. I told him I should be ready. There was no netd of telephone or telegraph to spread the news. It flashed from house to house, at a woman lightning speed, that a school-teache- r was going to work out her road taxi When the day arrived, every one whohad been notified was on hand, and I worked-mroad tax' as Horace Greeley and President Cleveland fought their battles "in the great Rebellion, by sending a substitute." - tax-pay- school-teacher- er ), y " ny 