:k ill It' M J ill Jt ID H'i 4-- Rights of the Women of Zion, Vol. 1 'ani the .Rightsof SALT LAKE CITY,' UTAH, "16. OCTOBER -- CONSOLING THOUGHTS. Your afflictions soon 'Will. cease; rAnd, in$tad of persecution- Ye shall know the balm of peace. , Ye shall leel how biess'd Torever Are they" who love the Lord; ; " .: How good it is to serve flnnf How great the sure reward. " 1 The breeze so soft at sunset time -t ; r Had swelled to louder gale, The sky had darkened"and she heard "The swift descending hail. - " . 1 "YersmilafgirsTelie "When stormsshail gather near ... All here. ' No empty chair to speak In sorrow's deepest tone Of wanderers from Truth, when called In prayer before, the throne. And then her heart leaped up to think What joy, if when we hear The Father's call, she stilt may say: "Thank God, we all are here ! '' . j 7' can -- - -- - possess?--Let-th- -- e. Zion answer-ithi- s . themselves if they ever WOMAN'S VOICE. sought to obtain them as their parents did? -- We if-s, do not desire are how and exto not earn we can them, willing .We have arrived at a time in the history of to receive something we do not earn. But our Church when individuals have to stand pect is it absolutely necessary, for us all to obtain a upon their own foundation, rely upon their own testimony that this work, called "xMormonism," faith and knowledge concerning the work of is true. God. M. E. Teasdale. Now is the time when every person ought to have a testimony for him or herself, whether this work that we are engaged is of God or WOMEN, IN HISTORY. do the we have not it not; If knowledge that i s tru e, i t sho wsverp pi ainly that it ANCIENT. se7 jwe have not deserved to know; we have not asked or we should have leceived; we have not Unth ink in g and u uniformed persons are knocked or it would have been opened unto usj prone to believe that the condition they see about them must have existed always, or that we have not sought or we would have found, in fulfillment of the promise, ''Ask, and it shall there has never been any great deviation from be given you; seek, and ye shall find; knock, the present order of society and it shall be opened unto you for everyone "Our crardeuer is immortal." said the rMo. in that asketh, receiveth, and he that seeketb, the lily, "bo long, as I can. remember him fiudeth, wand to him that knocketh, it shall be uicig iiiia uucu ui tuauB iu mm, anu tne VlOlet, who died vesterdav, told me that he had a). opened. (Matthew, vii, 7). Now, my young friends, do you believe that ways looked just as he does now." 1I1 at Thus runs a fable, and the reasoning of the passage 01 benpture means what it says? is it? tested which Have you ever If so, it, flowers is the usual reasoning of the crowd. true or. false? It must be one or the other, and Because within their observation the. present, it is your privilege, your duty to know for conditions have existed, therefore they have yourself whether that passage is true or not, always prevailed, Thus many .persons will maintain that befor that knowledge U the corner stone in the foundation of true religion; it is the rock upon cause during certain centuries, and among which it is built, even .the rock of revelation,4 certain nations, women have held a subordinate and the "gates of hell shall not prevail against place, therefore they have always and everywhere been under similar disabilities. Some ",..f it." If that passage is true, we can ask for n years ago Dr. Howard Bushnell, of Hartford, d knowledge or blessings, and if we ak in wrote an elaborate volume called, "The Eefjrni faith believing, we shall receive. What a Against Nature," in which he endeavored to blessed privilege! Do you not agree with me, prove that woman's natural and eternal posi- - a my young friends, that it would be.welf to "be tion was that of. an inferior to man; to main- on speaking terms with God," and test this Jtain this . view either suppressinglor per- - -principle? Make Him your friend while you verting all the facts of history which would are young, by heeding the divine injunction, controvert his8 position. to "JRemember thy Creator in the days of thy A review of the story of human existence will have abundant on this earth may therefore be useful in exyouth." By so doing you evidence that the Gospel of Christ is true. ploding some of these erroneous ideas, and After having obtained this testimony we must showing that, although hy reason of his greater walk humbly and, faithfully,, discharging every physical strength, and the disabilities which duty that is required of u, for our religion is a maternity imposes upon woman, man has, nT practical one, requiring worki as well as faith, all ag'es, oyer a large Eection of "the world, ques; ion, and ask And do everything you To retain the Holy Spirit, To assist redemption's plan. . Then shall ye rise and triumph, " And sweet your rest shail be, When the Lord shall comfort ZionT And set her captives free.- - these-blessing- LULA. WE ALL ARE H ERE. . . South Bountiful, Sept. 27, 1S87. "' . 4 ,r ' Sept. 16, 1B87. T "T" Augusta Joyctf Crocheron. -- ""BeHiligenl - ' L . 1 and bravely lilting our share. . I 'L have heard soore of tile elderly people tell,, and have read of others, how thorfasted and prayed, for days to receive a knowledge of the truth of this work, or to receive certain- gifts, " how they pleaded with God to grant their petitionsa a d- - H e d id sa r gi v in g the m 1 1) e d ei red bleing. Do yiiltot, think the same cause would produce the same effect in our day among .the young people? Why is it that none (to my knowledge) of the- young people who have beeu born in the Church have any particular gilt, such as many of our parents Around dear Zion, may my loved, Tn safety, UeJJiere ; Nor by the strongest always,"-- !' '..:'.'... Are noblest victories won; But, to those who through th' struggle, Unto the end endure. Ever faithful, patient, humble, Are the promises secure. - ami-auiluLiaii-t- o-- : and-atchfuT;-- . -- s, u The race is not forever, To those who swiftest run; No. 9. , ISSi - - onest' Be not weary, oh, ye tried 1 for we show our faith by our. works, just as a tree is known by its fruit.The Gospel, or the bulldjug up of the kingdom, give all who desire to be useful an oppor' tunity to culiivate their falents, extend their usefulness and be H blessing to mankind, by assisting to build "up and promote alLte interests of Zion;. No one need feel that there is TioThtDg lor htm or her to do in this great Latter-day work; thtereis,j,ao!ii1and work fur us "all.prd "and "young, large and 'small,-- and all will receive the reward-- of 'their .labors; ho let us be d i igen t per fa r m -v- vel our part, putting our "to the wlleel," She thought of many.'h.omcs once bright, "Ere persecution came, ' To stand 'tween God and man and tempt The "Saint"' in truth 'or name. With shattered walls of faith and trust, Home-wreckhow sad and drear, Before her eyes she whispered, low: "Thank God, we all are here !" When the diy, so fast 'approaching, Of a surety logins, ; - : When the Lord .has purifi ed us, , Ha ing washed away our sins, What a joyous life we'll enter, U hat a glorious time we'll see, When tl e Lord, to comfort Zion. Seb her captive daughters free ! all Nations, the Women of we is-bec- au And sweet came evening's hour, With genUe 1iush a tid peep of birdj- ithin their leafy bower. and all well done That morn ng's hour had planned. And smiles of love to answer each - Of her dear household band. A sense of rest X- ' They drew around the table's light 7 W ith pretty work or book, Her watchful eye sought each dear face With thoughtful,. tender look. But little guessed the happy group Within that mother's care, The thoughts that ran like light and shade Of sympathy aad prayer. . Adown the path the father's step Came near and nearer still; They turned from study and from play A Ith eager, sweet good wilt And as they clasped his hand, or climbed To win a nearer place, O, sweet the smiles and true the. joy v ' , Upon each loving face. ' ' . '' ..."'' And like a sweet, yett sad refrain, Through all their present bliss, The mother's heart says o'er and o'er In its own silences: " '"":. , "Howe'er may wage the world without In revelry or sin, My dearest ones from all their power Are safely gathered in. 6 pris in wall hides from, our clasp. 7 Husband and father dear,' Nor dreary absence wrings the heart 'fclm Cd, w all ax fcer' " - J. -- ; de-si- 