WOMAN'S EXPONENT. -cre of laying on'of hands, no need ot doing anything Christ ViichrU. Why if that be true4 what need for preaching? It matters not whether we believe or not, nothing; can alter the grand result of His crucifixion, that is, If by exclaiming, when giving is finished," Christ meant that up the ghost, "It and then, unconditionally, we were- - saved with an eternal salvation. With equal propriety we might infer that when, prior to (or impropriety) His betrayal, He prayed to the Father,saying: "I have glorified thee on the earth; I have finished the work which thou hast given me to do," man's salvation was then accomplished. The Son of God came to seek and to save the a repent, lost; and while lhereare sinnerswiHing-tHe ever Christ's work is not finished, "seeing that But. for Jhem.' says liveth to make intercession: in His believe to atonement," one, "We have be saved; is shall and believeth baptized "He that but he that believeth not shall be damned." Then we have to do something, and when that does it not prove conclusively that, Christ having done Hi's part, we are required to do ours, if we wish to secure that which we most desire The very fact of our being required to believe and be baptized p0jvesjhere is something neces sary for us to do before we caa "lay hold on eternal life;" and that being the case, does it not clearly show that" they who clamor with holy, horror against doing anything to obtain salvation are in . 7 For there is no power but of God: the powers that be, are ordained of God." Believing as we do, that St. Paul spoke these words by inspiration of the Holy Spirit, we should not pass- - them by unnoticed, but give heed to the same, which we are doing at the present time. But we remember also the words spokea by the Prophet Joseph, in. Nauvoo, Jan. 29th, 1841, recorded in Doctrine and Covenants Sec. 124, v. 49 and 50: z"Verily, verily I say unto you, that when I give a commandment to any of the sons of men, to do a work unto my name, and those sons of men go with all their might, and with all they have, to per form that work, and cease not their diligence, and . -- 1heirenemies-come upoirtheTri,ndhirnieT-thr- rr from performing that work; behold, it behooveth meJioequire4ha4ork-no-m0T-e- those sons of men, but to accept of their offerings. And the iniquity and transgression of my holy laws and commandments,-- visit upon' the 1 15 -- It is only a few days since I heard twogehlle-rnenconvers- e. will 'firid One of them said in a short time .such a rush of Gentiles here- that your people will all be won over to the other" side."; "Well," replied the other, "why not turn the other way, and adhere to our side of the question ?" "No," he replied, "the world are not re- ligious." How true, thought I. Yet a portion of. the human family always admire the works of an allwise Parent, and long to know something more of His character; and by studying the records of those of similar character, they feel benefited by the same. The Lord knows who they are, and . gives a portion of His Spirit to such. This Spirit will show thernHthipgs to come, and bring things to their remgjnhrancea&ngvery efl'iti in H ' successful, which would be for their best.rood. Our Savior knew thisivhen He said, 'Except ye are one, ye are not mine." This Spirit make them one in mind and feeling.. It is iike a p;iir of good eye glasses, it enables us' to see things in - . heads of those who hindered my work, unto the third and fourth generation, so long as they re1their 0 wh true light. " Lord saith and hate the God." me, pent not, May we always be worthy to retain this Spirit, in this at the of reason Looking subject light is the sincere desire of and common sense, we would ask: arc not all the 1 M. K. KlMRALf, human family children of God, our Father, and Sall Lake City, Augrd, accountable 7 to "" Him " how Hisrcommands" are" obeyed and kept? St. Peter, in Acts second chapDR. MAGGIE C. SHIPP'S CLASS. ter 13th verse; says: "Submit yourselves to every ordinance of man for the Lord's sake: whether it The following ladies, who have attend? J the! as as the to be or ors,-supreme, king error? "lectures of Dr. Shipp during the last six months, unto them that are sent by him for the punishCertain divines tell us that they must adapt the passed very successful examinations, held by Drs. ment of evil doers, and for the praise of them, that truth to the advancement of the age, which means Anderson and Bovver, who complimented the and Savior was Our also Lord do well." subject, ladies very highly. The ladies who received their that they rruist murder it and throw its dead body, New the from we learn He as .Testament; yet to the dogs.- - It is asserted that the advanced certificates were: Mrs. Miranda Bateman and and hands out their ot. sometimes escaped got Mathilda Olsen, Misses Carrie Jensen, Emma. philosophy of the nineteenth century requires a until was work for a His their season, way abreast of it, which . progressive theology tojceep Evans, all of Salt Lake County, Miss Jennie? showed to He Yet, always respect lie shall take the simply means that a popular Lloyd, of Cache County, and Miss Esther C. Paruntil even He the when, death, powers, modhigher is it offensive Thus that truth. place of an intends to kinson, of Oneida County. Dr. ' cried out: "Father, forgive them, they know not commence a class aboutOct. ist. Shippladies wish ern Christianity, notwithstanding its popularity, Any what they do." has proven a failure because it is not the Chris-tunit- y to study obstetrics would do well, to communiing And why are we whipped into submission,? Do which Christ taught. Ringing down the cate with her before that date. She has given centuries.come the Saxior's words: "If ye love we always know what spirit we are of, while we such good satisfaction in the study of obstetrics, are engaged in this important work this latterday that she should me keep my commandments." "He that saith I certainly receive patronage from work? I know that the good and bad spirit does know Him and keepeth not His commandments, those desirous of gaining information upon this not inhabit our tabernacles at the same lime. Yet, is a liar, and'tbe truth is riot in him." Therefor necessary and important branch of the department ' our ever someat bad one to the is elbow, suggest those who desire to be saved in the Kingdom of of medical science. when can this he about not hinder work, thing our God must have faith in God and in His Son us in' the performance of Jt. When we listen, it Jesns Christ, our Redeemer, repent of their sins, It is important-tha- t be baptized in water for the remission of the same," is to our disadvantage every-timITE5I3FROMENGLAND. the know in should difference we the two for the have hands laid upon them reception of spirits. Yes, that we have the discernment of Editor Woman's. Exroxr:xr:. the Holy Ghost by one having authority, and conspirits; for our Great Head is not pleased with tinue to walk in the nanow path which Ieacls to In my last letter I told you Her Majesty anything short of strict obedience to His laws endless lives "working out their salvation with had gone to Balmoral to snend her K:rt!i.rW fearand trembling," by the grace of Him whqjias His work can not be accomplished in any other The morniug 0f May 24th dawned brightly," . I . rnA m way although He has been very merciful to our called us out of darkness into His marvelous light. orl flin mv halls uux Uviio nnr:i i UlglUg merrily, CA.uimucUUCil inexperience, while we were learning these lesAnd "Behold, now is the accepted time; now is nons were fired: at iu terv&ls throu ghout the now it time we is But knew sons. for them, the day of salvation." (2 Cor. vi, 2.) day from the- various dockrards and forts. a deserve chastisement if we have Jiot we surely Flags were to be seen in everv ihomurrl, N. W. Mcleod. learned. Let us acknowledge His hand in it, and and the illumination? in tho evening were genawaken to our duty. How has it been in rearing eral, but the grandest were reserved for the ? we in Were families Jubilee of always WHAT OF THE OPPOSITE ELEMENT. posession large day, which is fixed for Juue 2 1st. The the good spirit? Did we ever chastise in. anger? Aristocracy gave balls, banquets and receptions -If so, it did the child no good. Were we not to celebrate the C8th birthday of their Is it possible that our enemies are not satisfied with-the- so now since they think we are whipped into submisgrasping for the things of this life more than for exceptions, no we of must If be of riches was the so, public feeliug manifest. It as losers, eternity? is But loyalty sion, Every- you ask, why apparent seemed one imthe determined to centre their attencall them enemies? lesson, which is an yet, we can profit by Well, they are displeased tion on the it we become because day proclaimed by Her Majesty to ; with us under all circumstances, because we have by portant one ; mpre acbe as a and the need we with ourselves a received the kept jubilee ho'i lav, in honor of the have of heavenly message, and they will not quainted Jubilee. receive it. We are ridiculed and are disgraceful living nearer to God, and seeking diligently for There Iio3 been a special coinage this year, in their eyes. His Spirit to guide and direct us continually in and the coins represent the Queen, as she "is at It is written that the Lord made 01 one blood all the performance ofHis work, for no other spirit the. present time, on one side; and Saint George learn the two spirits and the nations of the earth. Accordingly ' ' they arenas will suffice. We must and the dragon on the olhr. The portrait-Ias one each deserve. to how treat they this responsible how they treat message as we are. fairly good, but the crown to which her veil U Do they lack common sense? It is written that judgment will begin at the attached, is so placed on her head that it No, perhaps good gives they are so well satisfied with this world, that they We must purify ourselves to be one the house 'in a is it and impression off, falling have no time to think of another. acceptable to Him. Does our Heavenly Father measure coin. mars the great These, I believe -Those who give their attention to the doctrines chastise in severity? No, I think not; but He to are this becircuhted only year. On the" of Jesus Christ and His Apostles, will see that allows the tempter to do it at times; and he de- -' whole it is no, improvement on the old coinage, 'they all showed, by precept and example, that re The half sovereigns and sixpences being 1o lights to whip those who will not listen and obey spect for the higher powers, which was their due. his laws, and he requires as strict obedience of much alike in size and .ctamp,that at the Cry's- In Komans thirteenth chaDter St. Paul savs: M snViiprts as th Lord does. How mud hp or. tal Pafaic recently S2 sixpences had beeii j-"Let every soul be to the it? subject higher powers, complish his designs without gilded over and tendered by some dishonest -- -a- dmitted, ' '. 1 unto-gover- - , 8?7J1:.: n . e. ' -- W- -- - iilustn-jQU3avereign;b- to-da- y? s 4 of-Gc- d. iit ; 