WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 60 otherwise they are as likely to become confused, young, middle aged ana elderly part ot the com'ONE NT. and get wrong impressions as they, are to receive munity may' find "nutrimentto " feed ' their .5 real benefit. The selection of books is one of the minds, in the way of ecclesiastical, religious, bio bad for books are almost, most important matters, graphical; historical and scientific works, etc. Editor. EMME LI Mi I). WELLS, . com-bad not to though perhaps Especially is it designed to be an institution of ' ' Vublished In Salt Lake City,' L'luh Terms: cue who not There do trouble parents learning religious truths and moral philosophy. panions. one copy one ye ir; Soo; one copy six months, 81.00. Ten or the' To of much .kind books about their quality bring to bearjruch influences as will develop a copies for the price of nine. e would-bchildren read, yet taste very careful about leading many to thus employ Advertising rhtesf' "Edcli square," ten lines of "nonpareil A S3.00. one liberal discount time, SJ.50; )ier month, their associates. In such a library as the "Stake" their time in a w'ayljjeneficiaT to themselvej, and j pace; 0 regular advertisers. Library," there will be no danger in regard to the they in turn ,be able to benefit others. It is also Exponent office, No. 2 E., South Templo character of the books, because it will be in the designed to have 1Free LfCtures given by Our jjftte east of J)seret News Office; Business boar? frow 10 a.rn best talent for the benefit of those who are, diso 5 p.m. every (iuy, except Sunday. hafi'ds of those, who are perfectly capable and Address all business communications to qualified to select, and it will be a great relief, no posed to learn. : - : PUB LIS II KU WOMAN'S EXPONENT, To this end have books and money been dona. doubt, to many who feel the necessity and im- XJfTaT7Lake Halt City. portance of the choice of books, to know thafit icu im airtit 111c insiuuuun, auu wc arc Steadily re- will, he safe id draw them from there without any -- mkgjdojiatiQns of books and mon eyfr o m 4 i fier Sal Lake'City, 887. Skptemjjer 15, j examination of the works beforehand. ent parties, which is very gratifying. And from' Other Stakes of Zion will probably adopt" the some or a now on, Bro. Joseph E. Mullett, of 19th Ward, G E N E R A E CON FER E N CE, similar course in the collection of books, and the librarian, will receive all books, and II. S. Hall, formation of a library, and in this way a great adof Valley House, Treasurer, will receive all The Conference of vancement will be made in useful and classical -monies donated to the institution. ' Jesus Christ of Latter-daSaints will be opened knowledge and attainments. I t is expected to open the Reading Boem some ' T on ano 0 ch.ck j nursnay, October 0 th, We wish th is'libra ry the most unbounded sucin time in October the Tabernacle at Salt Lake City, and will concess, and consider it should, receive the influence The following are Constitution and tinue untir the business necessary to be transacted of those who wish to see the youth of Zion attain CONSTITUTION. has been attended to. The officers and members unto that higher development which iwJII prepare of the Church are respectfully invited to attend. them for the exceeding great responsibility that Preamble. On the" eccni ng of TlYu rsday,- - the' 6th, there will certainly devolve upon them in the We, the citizens of the Salt Lake Stake, and great will be gen era! meeting of the Young Men's events that must transpire in these the last days. members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter and Young Ladies' Mutual Improvement Associaday,. Saints, desiring to establish a circulating tions. "Jlibrary and free reading room in said stake, do On Friday evening there will be a general meet EDITORIALjSTOTES. adopt the following "Constitution and for of the inand al Superintendents, Teachers,, ing the guidance of the same. On Friday, September 8th, we had the pleasure terested in Sunday Schools. .. SECTION 1, of attending the Relief Society Conference of the On Saturday evening there will be a meeting of Weber Stake, in the Ogdea. Tabernacle, Mrs. the Priesthood. The organization shall be known as the SnH S. These meetings will commence at 7 o'clock in Richards presiding. There was a very Lake. Stake Circulating Library, and free Jane Reading the evening. Room. large congregation present, and Prest. L. W. ShurtliflT and Coun. Middleton were Dresent on We wish the officers of these organizations to ' SECTION II. 7 ; the platform, as also several Bish ODS and nfhpr bear these appointments in mind. The officers shall consist of a President, Vice brethren in the audience, as some on the asjwell WlLFORD WOODRU FF, stand. There was a good representation made of President, Secretary, Treasurer and Librarian. In behalf of the Council of the Twelve Apostles. section hi. the work of the-R- . j S., and much good advice The as Vice well as encouragement to the faithful President, P'resident, Secretary and given, laborers in the temporal and spiritual work of Treasurer with tiree others shall form the Board EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. of Directors. v Zion. In our next issue we expect to give the the Conference. A good spirit SECTION IV. the subject of the Salt Lake Library lias not minutesandof some pre" vailed, of the The first election of the said officers shall be speakers addressed the bten editorially treated upon in the Exponent, with a good degree of congregation held july 18, 1887, and they shall be elected power. except in the first effort made to scrnro a Ward : The 7th of the present month (September), was biennally thereafter, Library. Its having taken this form, that of a wc anniversary ot the birth of Mrs. Presendia L. . : Stake, will secure to its members'and the public SECTION V. much greater advantages, and it will be of inKimball, one of the veteran women in Israel. On : Duties of Officers creased benefit ta the people. It will. reach a that day she completed her 77th year. Her only It shall be the duty of the President to sister, Mrs. Zina D.TI. Young, arrived by train larger number of persons, and open up a new field, over all the regular meetings of the Boardpreaidc the of Diin for time to participate in evening before, just comparatively, obtaining knowledge. O rornn. to call rectors, special meetings whenever necthe festivities of the occasion. She had . ized efTort is always more been in essary, and to eiTectual, both individusign all orders on the fnr Bannock Stake for a short time past, holding ally and generally. Such a broad, field, for the the payment of money. cultivation of intellect, as is now to be extended ings, and visiting among the organizations the It shall J3e the duty of the Vice President to R. S., Y. L., P. A., etc. . through this' avenue (the Salt Lake Stake circuperform all the duties of the President in the abAbout fortv nf thft- A lating library and reading room), cannot fail to vi oister Kim- sence of the latter. ball assembled at her residence before materially change the current of reading matter noon, m- It shall be the duty of the Board of and of thought with many, and Directors tending to make a day of .it, and tables were set impress and awaken to attend all of loaded the a' wish and with meetings association and to good things, in preparation for the desire, that will be attainable, to get have general supervision over the feast. reliable information on topics of the The affairs. "affair was in the day 'and management of a it shallbethe duty of the Secretary to attend" times past and present, that will be of committee of ladies, Dr. Ellen B. Ferguson, Mrs incalculable all mCCllU OI lne value to the Qf Direct0 Mary Grey and Mrs Eliza Schutt tQ take especially, and to those, active in being and record the to whom the world.of literature is minutes of the to aiding make the affair a complete success We same, and to con just opening its aa uuci inner or necessary who doors, are entering upon advanced , congratulate Sister Kimball on having reached correspondence under the direction of the Board of Directors. studies in the arts and sciences. her 77th birthday in such" good health, and that It shall be the duly of the Treasurer she has had opportunities for the The first great prophet of this to keep dispensation accomplishment a strict account of all means received of so much good May she said, in language not 'to be mistaken, get.knowl-edg- e and disin her fu- and he shall make no nrrW f .v. from the best books. The Latter-dabursed, Saints ment of money ?!l?Id certainly be the best informed of any peoexceptby orderofthe President. -It shall be the duty of the Librarian to ple on the face of the earth, but it is not receive expected and classify all books, to have uiai Knowledge will be gained without an effort on general supervision THE SALT LAKE STAKE over letting the same the part of the individual. The LIBRARY. and out, whenever necessity is "There saying, no excellence without labor," he .hall it, requires have the power, with the applies to reading In compliance with a .and studying, and digesting what is read of the Board of made of me by the request and Ec htorof this Directors, of appointing an assistant. paper, I will briefly state the studied, as well as to other departments of labor objec and w hat is bemg done in the matter of the forma- People who rend for pastime, generally read SECTION VI. very light works, or if not, read in a very careless way but those who read to gain and his Counsel-orPi"i(!eDt of the Chur knowledge cannot be the The and of too particular of the way in. which object Apostles the institution is to found a their Counselors, g the Prcsident f the SaIfc they read and Library Free Reading Room, where suke the Counselors, and-thDelegate to Congress from TTT f t A XT' VVUilli . quite,-equivale- semi-monthl- nt -- ' for-learnin- " r - Strcet,v-e6ri- ; " -- . y 1 By-Laws- :, ' : C- By-la- . ' ' - . -- ' . 'mt - Ti-M- r n-ii- young-studen- t y 1 -- " ap-prov- al s, circu-latm- e 