WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 12 without, knowing, it. In short, companionship wields a wonderful influence over the formation ' characters, and it may be asserted as fact, " that, almost without exception, our aims and ambition become either elevated "drflej;raded ing to the society we keep. In the one cae many evils may be avoided by the timely advice of some. .good, wise companion on the otner, numerous are the instances where a person's character, whose chief fault o'rirrinallv was "weakness, 'has" 1oAn rfimnlpfflv changed for the worse, and at last ruined, through the pernicious influence of associates, if not' more vicious at least having less " moral force than himself. 7" Furthermore, the companions chosen and associate with when young are likely to be the kind which will suit us when old. ; Does it not look unreasonable to think 'we can associate with and take delight in the presence of inferior persons at one time of bur life, and that when we jjrow older we will of choice select better? Such a change would not,of. course, be impossible, and a change for the better, however late, would be commendable; but it most frequently occurs that the same habits, likes and dis like s cling to throughout -- life especially those formed and cultivated in youth. It is therefore easy to see that the evils arising from companionship with inferior and uncultivated persons are numerous and create blemishes in the character which are not easily removed A person whose tastes and desires are low, whose ambition, if such a quality be possessed at all, is not of an elevating nature, is one to be shunned as a com- A tininin mn n rn np T v m n S f H t Pfl nurht ronmn not to find pleasure iu the company of a being On the selfish and disagreeable. narrow-mindeother hand, one who tries to better himself, who has intellect and character, and is elevated in his of-ou- Congregational singing, '"How firm a founda- tion." r is astonishing," says Canon Mosely, "how much good goodness makes. Nothing that is good "I f V r nth ft n n I n h a r At" x rtitkm a - 1 - - r- or others bad; and that other, and so on: like a stone thrown into a pond which makes circles that till the jnakeother widJionevJLndU:hiLn-other- s, last reaches the shore.",. hr-i- t dflture J-- b 1 i sV' vari-jM- . Sister F,. Howard" addressed the "meeting, and ".lii'-u said she had "been to the Temple; thought it would be a blessing to us if we put in practice rail we heard there. Hoped there were no timid men as were presentc-- l to her. but but that all were strong in the hearts here tion was carritI' on thro'in-l--. .4 in i,. it riur r Lord. We are going into bondage, but if we feel w v.. s .Lili,l0L-,r!,l'nnr-sVao. n; Koyal Jiighne. as we ought to, we should not feel th'is bondage t jitv Queer!, unlike who, speaks En.'li-so verv much. Bro. F. D. Richards, has said thaV Under the cireurnstanes it cimiho' h f.x,)n(l,'there has not been any. immediate revelation that that her Mm jestv would !i;i ve jnur-- to 5.lv;im our bondage fs going to' be very severe.- Prayed Uf yium uiao 1.1 is jni .M::it; n'grvL ai liaViiicr . th a t th e Spi ri t of G od wo uld be poured o ut upon ana nome, inni everyi'img anr;ar.T "vr7T,Tr" us, to strengthen and comfort us. to ner, it oeing tue nrsc w.n r.nat she hnd ovr-Sister Reid reported the; 6th Ward R. S. They. left her native land; that her filans.vere a- - Vi t met twice a month, and have quite a few poor to indefinite, but thnt she iiop-- d to makrattend to; the sisters are all united, and they strive of about a week in an'.Francisco, and won Ci to do all they are called upon to Ho by the Bishop. ther leave for Xewv York, en route 0 England. On her arrival, at the Talaco ITo'-Bore her testimony, and desired to stand firm and h0r . faithful. Majesty 'and the lad v members of her sufto , were ushered into the rooms which had ben Sister Richards thanked the sisters for' their p repa red for th pm , while l h e "en I . ?j o ,"0 f ,,,, faith "and prayers,"whichthey hadJmanifesfed in party amused themselves ly arading the corri her behalf; thanked the Lord that she was enabled dors, and receivjng the "congratulations of the to help herself, and mingle with us once more. '! 1 "lUIU WD') jlil .iMiii'it'U r.-- i Sister Dye realized that the teachings of our to see them. congregated tiiere She spoke in Savior are being verified lne. party is under the charrre of Colnnrd given by Sister tongues, the interpretation being Curtis laukea, Governor of Oiku, and; the v :: Paul. Kin s U0iim.h?jbia.HiJS 2. t dl man- of - Sister Stevenson loved to meet with the Saints soldierly appearance wif'i a liglit brown 'coin-- We should feed our minds with the literature of evc and piexion, a slight mustacltvexpn-v-ivHe manner. snidthat the this Church, and not study fashion as we do. dignified Quern - arrival herH- td on the at Palace Dr. E. S. Barney then spoke for a short time. had sought the privacy of her rooms, and lra-Had been visiting in Arizona, and lecturing to intimated, for the dy.at I curst, slie would b.the Saints on different subjects; had enjoyed her invisible to .everybody, as she t trip, and also the feelings of the .sisters in the after the wrnk's rnvnp south. Conversed with many7 also "said that the ';Yes,Vsa:d the Colonel, "it is. n the Queen Saints are suffering more than we have .any .idea has already told you. her first re from " of. Gave other good counsel in regard to storing home, and you know.. tho peculiar sensations up wheat, sugar,. rice and beans. Prayed God to that attend peoplawhen for the "ifirVt" ti"ne thev bless us. find themselves sepirattd drom tlie associations the number of a bore sisters faithful testiot childhood, lint it has iong been tux ardent Quite desire to see something of - the world, and monies, and Prest. Home adjourned the meeting ' " for four weeks. ; especially to see England aiKi her rulf r. This, as you are aware, is the lubilce year iu Lng- Closed by .singing, MThe UmeTlSfar spent." Jandj and Queen Kapiolani wishes to be present Benediction by Sister E. S. Taylor. to the J. Smellia, "Sec. one of t he - greatest em pires i n the world. It : is not surprising that she should admire Eug- nere are many iiaignsnmen in ine emlauu. v-.- - v,-)t- !i 1 i PiV-j'in.- . r- ilu(-i,tl- - "t . ! L 1 1 - aiv o . - . to-da- jy.'', - - - -- - wi-h- d, "It purpose; by the 'Hawaiian iShn also interests Iif-.d- f in garden", scfioois and ironit'ikingdom - 1 his company .is agreeable and good, which, latter quality has a "wonderful power to charm. fiunde.l, 815,000 bing appropriated - h -- 1 - ... j 1 . to-da- - 1 "J" : " -- ed (h-mrt- ' . : -- wom-awlm-rule- " Mamie. THE HAWAIIAN QUEEN R. S. AND Y. L. MEETING. IN SAN FRANCISCO. Minutes of; the regular meeting held in the Fourte en th Ward Assembly jRooms, M arch 4th, 1887, Prest. M. I. Home presiding. Opened by ''What-wain witnessed the heavens." singing, i 7i J ori it. r.. onunuea nowaru.. ouster Dy rrayer oy of "Redeemer Israel." Minutes of singing, previous meeting read and approved, and minutes of P. A. of the 21st Ward read. Sister McLean then' reported the loth, Ward" R. S., said they were feeling and doing well; the poor are attended to aswell as possible, and the teachers are good women;, also attended to the crnnrl snirit nrpvnils stnrino- nf ftrrnin; Tlnrp. w.v. Iiak ' ' t "f testimony to the truth, and asked God to bless us. Prest. Home was pleased to see so many present; hoped the sisters' would be filled with 'the Spirit, and said, "If every woman would diffuse the spirit ot the Gospel in her home, she would realize how great her influence would be on her husband "anachildreri."7" Let us have our minds clear of bad feelinp-- towards pzrh v M,a niKpr vnivi j in Ui-I V clean harids and a pure heart. The Lord says, lie will be no, respector of persons, and unless-w- e keep the commandments, we cannot know Him.' and this is the time when we require His neip, ana ne win ae uver us it we nr? nn v fitM.,! 'Let us also cultivate love towards each other, and let us so order our lives that we may merit His smile and approbation." - s r 1 ' 1 " - - 7 , s - (4.1.114 PERSONNEL OF HER SUITE. The long expected steamer Australia arrived early yesterday mortfing from Honolulu, and was saluted by Fort Mason, Alcatraz and II. B. M. ship Conquest, as she brought to this city Queen Kapiolani of Hawaii ar d her numerous retinue. The vessel was boarded by the port authorities and various press representatives before she docked, as the latter were anxious to catch a glimpse of her Majesty ,ere she hedged herself in the impenetrability .that surrounds ' royalty. The Queen was upon deck, as' the steanler came into port and was taking her first look at; a large city through a pair of glasses. - She had on an ulster of some warm grayish material and though her face bore evidences of fatigue'' noticeable a kindly expression in yet there-wa- s her eyes, which betokened a character of extreme gentleness about 40 years of age, of large size, stout in frame, and vigorous of constitution, and her coun tenauce makes' her sympatheti face attractive even to handsomeness. She is a'woraan of great generosity and enlightenment and has done all that lay in her power toward the- alleviation of those distressed with that terrible curse of leprosy, through her exertions the kapiolam Home for lepVr girls was . "riie-Qtreeir-ig-tionja- c-c- - astof ploy of the Hawaiian Government, and their conversation has naturally excited the curiosity Of so enlightened a lady. England" though is not the only objective point of the journey. We shall see as much of the United States as possirde, and also of Europe.''" "Yes," continued, the Colonel, "I have been abroad before. I was iu Russia at f 3 present M l v,zars' coronation, and so all is not new 10 me. My wife; you know, is one of the ladies in waiting upon her Majesty.""Among the notable gen tl emeu of the party is Colonel J. H. iioyd, who" is Secretary to the Queen. He is a young man with English mutton-chowhiskers, and wore a light crush-haa frock coat and a pair of pantaloons. Mr." Boyd found many' old friends awaiting him at the Palace Hotel, and seemed thoroughly at home., 4T wish," said lie, "that that absurd State ment about the Queen bringing the royal or nu should bellatly c)ntradicjted It was newr inhow tended to be brought, ami I cannot such a statement- - could ever have heeii pah-- 1 1 , 1 1 - - t, p light-colore- d " - - n-of "isotbingis true that is ever published aboutthe islands" jrileriee.i.e.dL iovial lofsklllT per- J j sonage by the name of II. J. Hart, who is the restaurateur in ordinary to the Queen and the . 7 - entire nobility of the kingdom, "is it Colonel'" The officer of the royal forces did not nnue a very forcible reply to his strong appeal, bat quietly remarked: "There was, indeed, quite a stir when we left -- 