WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ' '" LIGHT AND SHADE. ' ' "-- r ' . I'oM not up the t il. ts given To improve. while here un earth, Consecrate them to a purpose?' That shall be of piieetesVworth. I lwugh you t i! not. nor yet spin, Tl'icre isj)ther work to And a wise and losing Father U ill reveal it unto - - ' you- 1 , After the long, weary months, of the winter, U hen the blue of the sky is o't reast With the clouds of-':""' And we've long heanUliewind's ching blast, How grateiul is springtime so gorgeous, .With sweet Howers, with" sunshine and song; The music of birds, so enchanting, We enjoy all the summer day long.And we know that this world with its changes Is a gift from our Father above, And to Him, through all of its seasons," , We will give adora iou and love. dreary-j)iceiMber,- " After. painful and lingering, illness ' - : ' -- - ftiTdreu and Shut. R. HUXSAKKIi. linking that a short sketch of the life of Eliza Collins Hunsaker would be of interest ' to the readers of your noble paper, I thought I would write you a little f what s';e r .... t, v. . How prophetic is its comin-After winter's fnst and cold; ,.1 u) j );!..- - - inroii'M. She was bum .March 5th, 13 17, in SpcacJ7 County, Kentucky, and daughter of Allen Collins and Mary Braadv. She- was married at the early age of 10, January 4th. lo.. ). in A nrnnnm I In o '& the S.ainU, through all of the persecutions after she was Lifpt ized , vli ich was not "until . l. , . 1 .T. - l f 1 ine l.jin oi iNov., i.yiv. mr hey were driven with the Saints - from that time - until they' reached Winter Quarter?, wheie they situated on a small stream that was called Honey Creek,; iabl).ut..dayV'(lrive from the main batch of J the Saints. She had passed' through trials up to the present date, but now come3- the trial of her faith.' Wheii the call was made for, five hundred men .to go and light with Mexico, her husband was among the number, lie said that when he left her with six small children, the three oldest girls, with no one to protect her and the children but God, that he could not have felt worse had" he been called; to lay her. in the cold earth. While in this' condition, to 'make matters worse, her relative.', Avho' were -- vas-4tio - J n-- Gently, tenderly appealing To the stubborn human will, Giving promise of the summer. The Creator will fulfill. Clothed in beauty by its Maker,"Graceful lily blooming fair, Swaying in a jaunty fashion In the soft and balmy air;' "' Wild upon the heath or mountain, Lilies liossom here and there.; Simply by the power of nature, : Without aught of foil or care. - 1 1 . . NOTES AND NEWS. The large numbers in which women aro regiikeiing to vote under the new municipal su If rage law in Kansas ought to set at rest the fear that women would not use" the .stflfrago if they had it. The women voted at the primary elections otf .March 0, and "there was not the slightest disturbance. Ono thousand of the leading women of Leavenworth registered within two days. . The U. Attorney for Washington recommends the women to go on votTerritory ing as usual, and if refused, to take out a man- jlaiuus to' compel acceptance to their votes. The, validity of the woman suffrage h W having1 been repeatedly affirmed by several Supreme Court (lecidons before" theadvef30 decision hy only two of the judges. There is great-doubwhether the adverse decision will be sustained bv the full bench. - . , Our sweet Lily came from heay'na With a welcome warm and true; And in truth she had a mission Corresponding to her name, And with purity of motive She will magnify the same. care of her six little children until the return of her husband. One little incident, that happened while he waTou his journey, I will here relate: He was feeling bad about the condition he had left his family in,when a dove alighted upon his head, ,4hen flew by those that were plaeedby the priesthood to lead. It was shown to him that if ilfl wo'uld obey - counsel - he would return again to his family, and for hiia to trouble' nimseil no more auuui lucui, auio p". relief, and, strange to say,; the same dove was .seen around the wagon where his wife was camped, and. one of the lktle girls, said, II- oji it; "Mother, there is a dove with. A.it is from father."-- "They felt better after 'this; if acted as a comforter to both parties. One year from That; date the dove was seen in a tree, and liro. Hancock said, ;'Here is Bro. Ilunsaker." At this remark the dove flew over his head and fluttered, and then went - . summer after her husband's and settled return, they came to the. valley at Cottonsvood. He was afterwards' called to where" stopped for a. go to Carson Valley, while and was then called back: He fmahy afr)il0WiDg -- when-hbuilt a about ten or twelve years ago, moved mill on Salt Creek. His wife afterward e . there, where she now resides. to her out a This last summer shy m ule trip where she daughters at Alpine Co, Nevada, truth of bore a faithful testimony to the and the principle knovvn as the patrihome m archal order of marriage. Sh,i came March oth, 1887. good health, on . Mor-monis- m -- S.-Distr- ict her :. Yet the rarest, purest lilies, Those which please us most, I know, Are the bries we nurture kindly,. And consider how they grow. . We all know one eharming Lily, That has need of constant care; Fragile, delicate and tender, Though her mind is rich and f are. Just when Easter lilies blossom'd, And thefielJs were fair to view, ed . 7 t to-ta- r ' ' religion and re t u rn to. them they would come after her. But like otherstrue to her faith and to her God, she would not accept of th otter, iiy the helpot . Lxod she was aoie Make-th- e crand-- - e great-grandchildre- -- to-h- er es twenty-si- x ;le-?pi?- jomiog-t- b opf'f her and told her that if she would forsake fv. Choicest lilies bloom at Easter, . 7 say; So I've heard the resurrection, Emblems of And significant, al.vay, Of the pure, the chaste and holy, Yga, in every land and clime, 11 sixtv-fiv- mating a total" ot IU all told, most of .whom are living. She said that she, had never been sorry that her lot had been cast with the Mormons; she knew that this Avas tho Hiigdom of God, and that she had passed through trials, for whieltshe was thaukfil, and that she was glad that her husband had one into the principle known as, the patriarchal onler of marriage; she knew that it was from " God, and that the Lord would bles all those who obeyed. this order o( marriage, and that ho wiiuld not be out. of it for all the world, for she knew that Gtd had spoken front heaven, and although earth andjiell may cornbinethey will, never be able to destroy the people nor the kingdom of God, and she exhorted her children to remain faithful,' that' they might -- get the blelsitigs in store for the faithfulr- - - . - - SKETCH ELIZA 'COLLIN'S . Lovely lily, in the springtime, Daintily its leaves unfold; wise-acr- 11 11 of twelve childn ii: and has . THE LILY. ' - ' Salt Lake City," March 25, 1887. TO LI b Y--i' R E ,be-com- KmH.k: A BUIEl- And when by'affliction o'ertaken, Our heartstrings are bleeding and torn,. By. adversities Hind we are shaken, And we feel fo forsaken and 'lorn! But we know where to look for a solace, A recompense pure, holy and sweet e go 'to our Father in meekness, And find satisfaction complete; "For whom fie loveth, He chastiseth," That We may the greater joys know, And patiently bear all our sorrows, That mortal hearts find here below. - 18 in the evening. Shi? bore her testimony to .her children and. grandchildren, wiohave e m ero u 5. S he has bee t he motlier very March 26, !S3j. f -- - . Days Pf agony, mis'ry and pain, When all through the night's dismal stillness We so longed for the morning again, How we welcome the day 's' cheerful dawning, sun's genial rays, . We feel that our strength is ' returning "With theJjrighfriess of spring'.-sunny days'.'" How blessed indeed is the absence-Opain and misery's keen darts, And our gratitude rises to heaven From' bur truly appreciative hearts.- -. - Her children and grandchildren surprised her on her seventieth birthday. We had a -yery iriterestingjime Jr !, - , 163 ago, Henry Ward Beech er, 'in a powerful lecture on woman sulirage, predicted that one of the first good 'results of the reform would be the removal of the polling places to more respectable quarters, and the .increased order and civility of election?. The Republican Convention, which met at Topeka, Kansas, on March 7, expressed a cordial Welcome to the newly enfranchised ladies, and adopted a series.of resolutions, entitled, "Fort the new voters," favoring safety and convenience of voters at the polls, and recommending their removal to more respect-- . able locations. They also declare that no woman whose political duties call her on the .street on election day shall be subjected to any inconvenience, or have any ticket thrust into her hand unless gho asks for it. The Boston Traveler says: "This view of what is really the practical effect of woman suffrage is and the" ad vocates, of-- political enfranchisement for women will be more than mortal if they can refrain from air3 of triumph in this fulfilment" of their long prophesies as to' the better state of affairs when women go to the polls." Ex. Twenty-seve- n years . -- inter-cBtln- : -- They talk aboufa woman's spheral r7s'ih5ughTt ti'al Tlimirr1 M-Ther- not a place in earth or heaven, There's no a task to mankind given, There's not a blessing or a woe, There's not a whispered yes or no, There's not a life, or death or birth, That has a feather's weight of worth, Without a woman in it. e's gi 