WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 52 the general conference in October; Direct the a kindness, and in a spiiit. of meekness, and with reports to Miss Mary E.Cook, 323 E., Third sincere desire to bless and comfort. Lake City, Utah. The prophecies of ancient and modern times' "South StreetSalt foretell the falling away of many, and indeed there The Stake Secretaries of the Relief Society have been many zealous, devoted members of the are hereby officially notified to prepare semkan-;nufrom Church who. have fallen ouf by the wayside Stake reports, and forward them directed to from to.ltme time various causes. This apostacy Dr. Romania B. Pratt, Deseret Hospital,. Salt their into to. inquire causes all thoughtful people Lake City,-- Utah. All reports should be in the not own their examine and hearts; own condition, hands of Dr. Pratt as early as September 20th, ia of reminders or for wait should one examples that order that she may have sufficient time to prepare this kind, but it is natural, when all is serene and the general report for the October Conference. with the float to tide, carelessly along prosperous, The Conference of the Relief Society of this bufwhen one or more chance by accident, or lack d As- held in the Stake of Zion will-bof caution, "to go beyond their depth, or run - Woman's Exponent. RMMELiMi n.' iv Editor. Ills, al l'nl.liOnKtml rnoutblv.' in Salt. Lr.kc City, Utab. Terms one copy six niontbs, SI. 00. Ten nficopy'-onojcurcopies for the price ot nine. rates: K:ich souare, ten lines cf nonpareil A liberal dLscouut er month, one time, space, o regular advertisers'! ' E., Fouth Temple Street, second KxroxK.vr omcc, No. Office.! Husmess boura from JO e.m pate east of Deserel News o 5 p.m. every day, except Hundny. Addrcw all liu.sine.ss cominiinloatms to ;T WOMAN'S EXl'ONKNT, , , - 2-'- . - ru p se t Lsemhlyoojms-inh- is month (September) commencing at 10 a.rh. and 2 who are in the same p.m. It is hoped by the Jsident and o1rrceTsof take warning and seek "to avoid the breakers the Relief Society of this Stake that there will be against which, they 'have been; dashed, or the shoal ' aTair representation from each organization in where they have foundered. We o ft e n h e ar these days spolc e n o f . a s "th e Jn the county. 1'As it is the time for written reports', and as the secretaries have been so often reminded days of trial' "the test is coming," and; similar to send the reports punctually to the secretary as sayings,...but. are not, and were not the p'eoplc of r early as the 5lhof th"month,thefeiir of course "God i n airage"TffeTl7and "t'n byTire ?" Every be no failure in that respect. All those interested knows this to be the case. reader of sacred a uA4..si-4sna- Jia .t stieanh-eg-eharmeLflatural- Salt Lake 1, i SS7. City, EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. Y, II. : "Well, to suffer ' . ' .. - - - is divine; J AMES" ' -- '. I'ass the watchword down the line, I'ass tlie eour.terhin,'J'jidiire !" Not to him, who rashly dares, Hut to him;"' who' nobly hears; - ic thft victor's rar and sure. , ' " " - 5 rr.-i- rnnlPmnnr'irii'C lur HHirritif'A mrl nnnlicnliAn oil t h ese are laudable ambitions, and may be counted w n r h v. r i t r t m Y rw - t v4t- -t v vr n nrhrm .w.. j and gained success; but yet one or .all of these may be done, and even well done; and after,ali-thneedful tourage may fail, doubts, may , "multiply, friends may prove false, troubles may, hedge one round about, jealousies may creep in unawaies, and the firm resolve, the fixed determination may waver, and little by little qne may give Way, with- 1 1 u-f- W-- :' I 1 ly " - ..- This, may be a dark lime; to those who see no purpose in it, it must be so; but the light of theGos-"pelTlF- e testimony that "this is indeed the work of or there is danger of God, should be Saint wants to stumbling. What the Latter-da- y look for is light, not darkness, nor that which will tend to darkness, but if there is. only a little light, , only a ray of hope, as it were, in the hour of bitter-trialcherish that little, and it will grow brighter and brighter. One should not dread the trials too much; the promises of the Savior are "always 'con.--' ever-presen- t, - 1 4 history These significant lines, how much" truth they Saints contain, and fiow intensely the Latter-da-y Thecan appreciate such sentiments. quotation, them we count happy.who endure," in''Behold, deed how much these few words imply. We see a brother or a sister who has patiently and nobly - borne sulTering," privation, hardship "; and bitter experiences-- , laid peacefully away in the silent grave, and we do indeed count them happy; they have endured to the. end of their days, and have gone to a better' and higher sphere; they: have fought the good fight and gaiued the victory, not-- ., withstanding all the doubts, trials and temptations .... they had to encounter. f 'Vf irliiAvo' enmo niilitir rrnnl in Trrnm. plish some grand purpose in life is praiseworthy and ennobling; to add to the happiness ofihers, or to help them to rise in the 'scale of being, to increase in knowledge and intelligence above one's 1 s-- . ttehold, we count them happy who endure -- 1 e I4th-War- e soling, always new; just as fresh and good as they were two thousand years ago. The , spired poet said:" to-da- y ' -- Sorrows and trials, are often sanctified to those who "pass under the rod," if they are endured with fortitude and resignation tg the divine will Christ Himself is spoken of as a "man of sorrow and acquainted with grief." Then if one wants to be like unto Him he must drink the bitter cup. Has not the Lord said He would have a tried peo Saints ex pie? Then what Can the Latter-datne storm hoveyejrrceth.e rTtzTbweaIher have if the gale; they courage to", stand firm and maintain their integrity they will live to see the clouds break away, and a brighter light shine forth from the darkness, or if they die in defense of the right it will be well with them. y "The darkest day, (Live till will have passed away." Do not brood over the dark forbodings,- or try to of endurance, until the hopes and ambitions that steady the ark of the covenant, but gather up animated the once happy man or woman, are lost courage and strength equal to the greatest occasion. the that the The kingdom of God has been established never sight of; buoyed up spirit 'drooping heart in other times of trial has departed, and the more to be thrown down, or given to another peounconscious one may be "drifting away alone, with ple. Knowing this, let each one be sure of him-sea mind darkened and disconsolate.. If to all such by trusting in God and keeping His Spirit, could come in forcible language the words of and all will be well with those who keep" on the Scripture, "The race is. not to the' swift nor the wliole armoLof faith, and those unto "battle to the strongbut to him who enduretii," the end will be saved, and we shall count them it might help many a weary traveler on theliigK happy indeed. life. of way The only sure, and steadfast, anchor to the huEDITORIAL NOTES. man soul is the Spirit of God, and how can one always be iu possession of that spirit? By being The Quarterly Conference of the Relief obedient to. "all the commandments given,TofTr as of the J uab Slake of Zion will be held in the it is possible for poor frail humanity; by keeping in. view at all times the pattern given by the Savior Xephi meeting house, on the 23rd of September. "To do unto others as we would wish them to do The Young Ladies' Mutual Improvement Association and Primary Association on the .unto us," by loving our neighbor as oursclf. and 24th of the ..striving to overcome evil with good, from morning same month, the day following till evening, and evening until morning,c!edicaiing The Stake ofiicers of Y. L. M, I. A. are hereby Ourselves anew to God each day of our lives, and oflicially notified to prepare Stake helping our brother or our sister, as occasion or carefully, upon printed blanks, and forward opportunity offers, not only in deeds of truly them as early as the 5th, of September, that a Christian charity and benevolence, but in words of i complete and satisfactory report may be made to lf who-endu- semi-annu- 1 - - V al cordially invited to attend, .rv:, The Y. L. M. I. A. Conference of this Stake will be held on Friday, the 16th, at the 14th Ward Assembly Rooms, commencing at 10 a.m. and 2 p.m., and it is earnestly. desired there should be a good representation from all the several Associa- tions in'the County. Brethren and sisters inter-este- d in the work of improvement mentally, morally and spiritually of the young people of Zion, are invited to attend the meetings of the conference.: v,. - . in- ' hen thro' the deep walersJ call thee to go, The rivers of sorrow sJiall noUthee o'erflow.' , In lhe"Relier5ocietyrand its benevolent work are re re-por- ts, The Primary Associations Stake will hold their conference on Saturday, the 17th Jnst., in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall, commencing at 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. It is expected there will be of-th- is an interesting programme and exercises by the children, and it is hoped that, each Association in the county will be represented, and a large number of children with the presidents and officers from the several wards in the city. The spiritual development and training of the little ones is certainly an important work, and those who have chargVof these. Associations should recei ve en- their labor of love and duty. -- -x- ouragement-from-the-parents-in HON. A. A. SARGENT. Hon. A. A. Sargent, ex U. S. Senator from California, andsince minister to Berlin, whose death was announced recently, in the papers, was friend, and advocate 'of woman's suffrage, and alsoa hrm believer in justice and rights for all, even "Mormons." His wife showed great kindness and courtesy to the "Mormon" women who attended the Eleventh Annual Convention of the N. W. S. A. in 1879, of which she was at that time one of the officers, and is a most interesting women, and an active worker in the suffrage and in other ways for the advancement of women. Mr. and Mrsr Sargent have, we are told, spoken many times in favor of our peo-- ; pie when an opportunity offered, which our people can fully appreciate, as it is the custom of the world at large to denounce Moimons. Those who are free from prejudice are the exception." We sincerely sympathize with Mrs. Sargent in her great loss. When such men die there is cause for sorrow, for the world .needs such honest ht men to fill positions of honor arid trust in the government. The following letter from Senator Sargent to Miss Anthony will clearly demonstrate.his stand-in- g in the woman suffrage movement: "1 regret that the necessity to Droceed at nnro to California will deprive me of the pleasure of at- and-uprig- -- ' 