WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 136 disfranchised. At the opening of the debate- - it was ruled that no amendments to the Senate bill, except those proposed by, the judiciary committee, should be received, whereupon Governor Long pleaded for unanimous consent- - to offer a mo tion that the clause again.st woman suffrage might be stricken out. But even this privilege was refused. Mr. Long would like to leave the Territorial Legislature free to deal with the question of suffrage for women. The adoption of this infamous bill by the Republican Senate is a foregone conclusion.; The President will be urged to veto it. Jf he does not, its next stage will be before theSu--prem- e Court on the ground of unconstitution' ality, Editorial Woman's Journal' r, ' rvf:.: . To the memory of Margaret Selmen, born July 23rd, Was 1814; at King's' Wood, Gloucestershire, England, baptized in 1850. Emigrated to Utahjin tffe year i860. Was the mother of jtfne children, eight ot'wndm are living, five boys and three girls; two of them are in : England,. Deceased 'die'd in Payson. Had forty living grandchildren. on the 5th of April, i835, in full faith of the Gospel and. with a sure hope of a glorious, resurrection with the just. RESOLUTIONS W hereas, - 1 v ' . " it has pleased God in His infinite wisdom to Cyntha Jones, Died, at Payson, Nov. 27, 1886, "Sarah, the beloved wife of John Done. She suffered a paralytic stroke "Nov. 17th, 1886. This, coupled with other diseases, caused her --. , t . inc iau 1 1 1 i" 01 n : . ... . a ;us ancr organization, i inuniwij ii 1030, 1 . . she shared in all the persecutions and drivings of the Saints. She dted Nov. 7th, 1886, being in her eightyTsecond year. She was not terrified at the change. Faithful to the Litest breath was our sister who now sleeps in death; and, further, have we " . : . r t. .... t t 1 iiaii a j 'T'i. K.C591VCU, wyy ui .uioc cjuiuuuhuc. given to the family of the deceased, and that they be entered on the records of the Payson Relief Society; , - ' 1 . 1 . 1 . 1 Susan Crandal, SrEEDY Johnson, - , - . Committee. Martha Montague, , IDJVXJD of-th- T Agent for RUMS KYVS celebrated LIFT and FOIi.'K PlIMPS. Pumps Repaired on short notice. Orders from the country promptly responded to. WTAddmt.' DAVID JAMS:. ' Mis3 Chandramukni Bose, a native Christian lady, has been appointed superintendent of the Bethune School of California. The Indian Messenyert the organ of the Brahmo-Somaj- , cordially approves tbe appointment. , twenty-tw67fifree- OF RESPECT. Dry ' . Ann Pickering, : Artemisa White, Ann Nebeker, Goods, Notions, Groceries HEAVY AND SHELF HARDWARE, GLASS AND QUEENS WARE, w . Mrs. Alexauder, who wrote "The Wooing O't," is described as a short, stout, elderly lady, with a kindly, simple expression r and snow-whit- e hair, brought down over her temples' in the She looks way. more much likely to make a good flannel shirt than to write a erood novel. ELEOANr AGRICULTURAL - cut glass, , : : TOOLS AND IMPLE MENTS, . CLOTH AND CLOTHING, PURE DRUGS AND CHEMICALS, Committee. CARPETS AND WALL PAPERS, ALL RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. d Resolutions of Respect adopted by the Payson Relief Society, to the memory of our psteeraed sister, Elizabeth Knight: half-seriou- ! " ; 1 SALT LAKE CITY, Utah. Resolved, That we, the sisters of e Relief Society of the 1st District, Payson Ward, tender our love and esteem to the memory of our sister, Sarah Done. We shall miss her voice in singing, and also miss her in her accustomed place; we feel that she has shown us an example worthy of emulation. We condole with her husband and children in their bereavement, yet we feel to submit to the will of an alwfee God, who doeth all things well. Resolved, That we spread these Resolutions on the Society record, send , a copy to the family, and also to th Woman's Exponent for publication. The Empress. Haru-ko- , of Japan, has invited the German Consul at St. Petersburg, Herr 0. von Mohl, to undertake the charge of minister and head master of ceremonies at her court, for the purpose of introducing European etiauette. Herr -- von Mohl has aocpntpA thfv -offer, and goes to Japan this month with his family; - Italy to have a new review, civen exclu sively to the discussion of feminine interests Fanny Zampini Salazaro is to bfTihe wlitftr nf this periodical, which is theTrst to showposT" tive intellectual progress among Italian women. The prospectus frankly gays that, when she does not marry and become the centre of a home circle, "the Italian women i3, "with rare exceptions, most unhappy, because she has not in herself the reurces wnich are possessed by educated women in other countriesI F.STABLLSH ED OCTOBER, 1868. IMPORTERS AND JOBBERS OF RESOLUTIONS , There has been a good deal of half jesting, s talk in the papers about electing Mrs. Lozan to .the U. S. Senate as her band's successor. The Austin (Tex.) Statesman chivalrously, says: "Ihis we can say, that if a woman is to become senator, no woman is betterqualified, barring her politics," than Mrs. Logan." ISS. 'SALT LAZE CIT7., 0 electedand sworn in a3 recording clerk of the Ohio State Senate. This is the first time a woman has been choseiKfco fill that position. Miss Horton graduate of the Boston High School. Bo fifty-nin- . Hortori-has-been "do' CO., 13 TINNERS, CAS.WATER & STEAM FITTERS born at Thornhill," death, after much suffering. She-w- as in the latter Lees, Yorkshire, England, part f 1827, or e the beginning of 1828, being nearly years of age. Deceased was baptized Dec. 6th, 1852. Emigrated to Utah with her husband in 1855, being the only one of a large family to obey the Gospel. Was the mother of eight children, six of whom are" living and grown to maturity, n and grandmother to of whom are living. She was very modest and unassuming in manners, patient in poverty, uncomplaining and resigned in trouble. She died in full faith of the Gospel and in the hope of a glorious The Princess of Wales has become Patrone ess Scandinavian Sailors' Temperance and has given $250 toward the erecHome, tion of a new building for that institution. . f i iL T 111s infinite wisdom to, nereas, ine L,uruJ iias seen m in ti:. take from our midst our beloved sister, be it Resolved, That we, her sisters in the Relief Society, feel the loss of a true and faithful frierid and sister: She was a . v. ' 11,..:- c. t -- n a j 11 M , Jane WossENCRorr, Sarah Sweat, Committees . old-fashione- Ab- bott.;-; - er o, is a Emily Tanner, '- - of Miss Havelock,-daughtThe 'dea th is announced of the .famous general, Sir Henry Haveloek, the hero of ije Sepoy mutiny. Mme. Zieger, better known as Alboni, i3 livas grandly ing yet, and Isingirig, at sixty-twas ever. So writes Adolph Houssaye from Paris to thejOhicago Tribune. -- Davis. Cr, Resolutions pf Respect to the memory of.JSarah Resolved, That with the .deepest sympathy with the family we express an earnest hope that God will impart to therri consolation and comfort in the hour of their bereave"l . ment and deep sorrow. Resolved, Thaf these resolutions be spread on the record of the Society. Mme. Patti has a roomful of parrot3 in her castle in Wales, and a maid is hired expressly to attend to them. -- . ; sister.-Marga- ret NOTES ABOUT WOMEN. Jliss Mary - OF RESFF.CT, Alt a ' remove from our midst, by the hand of death, our worthy " and beloved Selmenr Whereas, the intimate relations hejd during many years by her with the members of the1 Relief Society make it fitting that we record our appreciation of her, Resolved, That the sad removal of our sister from our midst, creates a sorrow that is felt by all members of th'e Society in the departure of a good and noble, sister. I. B. B. ; Resolved, That these Resolutions be given to the family of the deceased, and that they likewise be entered on the recoids of the Payson Relief Society. OBITUARIES. gamist?, male and female, 'have for years been i3 ! I ; V and more complete S'ock than any house In the west. We carry a , lrgr H. S. ELDREDCE, S u p t Whereas, the Great" Ruler of the uniyerse has. called from our midst, to take her station in another sphere, our beloved sister, Elizabeth Knight, and, !; Whereas, her fellow laborers in the cause of truth feel that we have lost a friend and a sister, be it, therefore, Resolved, That we tender to Bro. James Knight and family our heartfelt ympathyi and pray God, our Eternal Father, that He will mete out to them His comforting spirit, and we hope that the motherless children may never iorgctihe exAmpleand precepts of their 4oving mother and carry the samc6ut in their lives, and thereby be honored and blest in their day and generation. And we likewise- - hope t that Bro. Knight may be comforted, that God may bless and help himto do his duty in bringing up his family in the fear and admonition of the Lord, realizing that Sister Knight has gone before, and in due time will welcome him to a state where sorrow and death are unknown. And, be it further GRADES AND NEWEST DESIGNS. Special to the Ladies. AT TE A S D E L' S - Will be found the latest styles and pioducttons- in LAOESRUCHESEMBRODPIUKS, FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, '.TlEfo And an elegant assortmenf of DRY GOODS. and Special department for Indies' Misses' Shoes. 112, 111, 116, 118 In-ant- 's , Eaxt Temple Sire 