WOMAN'S " EXPOXHNT; WOMAN'S EVSliiUMi r ' Editor. B. WELLS', in Salt Lake City, Utah Terms: Published "one copy six months, ?l,00. Ten one co'j)one ye tr, S2,.W; - . copies for the prto. of iine of nonpareil lines ten Aikcrti.-iliirales: Each square, A discount liberal 3.00. per month, .pace..ono time, ...'"-- -, o regular advertisers."" South Tcrnplo Street, second Kxi'o.vKNT office, No.S E.. OfficeT business hours fron) 10 n.m rate eat of Deseret News ' 'o 5 p.rru every day, except Sunday. ' ' Address nil business communications to '.PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, semi-monthl- ?-- ' . 3alt alt Lake City, Lakb'Oxt July i, 1887. THE CONSTITUTIONAL CONVENTION. The delegates appoinfed by the people to frame a State Constitution for Utah met; and organized preparatory to. taking hold of the work yesterday, June 30 at 12 m., in tne uty ii an in mis city, The national flag was .artistically draped over the . stand, and a white star fringed with gold and - decorated - with - stars- - and stripes .immediately above; on the white ground in red and blue '.'Utah a State." Large maps of Utah hung on either stand. After a temporary organization side, and report by a committee on credentials, a permanent organization- was formed and Hon. John T. Caine'was elected President by unanimous vote of the convention. Hon. E. G. Wooley of n nnrl r.nnrnrp wnc plprtprl FirufHon. J. T. Hammond of Cache Co. second Heber M. Wells Secretary, and. Robert W. Sloan Assistant Secretary. The .President, Mr. Caine addressed the Convention first thanking the assembly for the honor conferred upon him, " of-th- -- e - V!rp-Prpsi'rlp- f- Vice-Preside- nt, - "' needs require ting circumstances.but desperate in the traordinary exertions and it is a time ex- his--tor- " The - people -- who AUUIV. 1 t these vallevs deserve recocrnition and such independence as statehood can give;, nnder a territorial government the people are not free and equal with those in the common sisterhood of States, they have not the same general rights and privileges, and it is not at all remarkable that those born and reared here iri this" mountain region should partake of the strength and ,power, t. it may be so termed, of "the everlasting hills that' surround them." and tirrow restless under such treatment as they .have been made to feel under 7 . -- -- -Territorial rule. 1 In a state there is much greater opportunity for development, for the sort of government under which tbe people of Utah have lived is only .a little removed above, servitude;.; they have had no voice in choosing the leading officers, but compelled to accept such as were "sent unto them," and obliged to submit to that petty sort of tyranny Ivlilch togreat minds islnost u n e n durabl e . Tj t a h will hail with gladness the dawn of her liberation from such an inferior position, and hei people. are most certainly eual to the occasion of her as cending into the position she is so abundantly able to hit,-tha- t of a free and sovereign state. - - ll'v-j)nu- ;" 1 1 - fRwihTw" the meeting and . . have-settle- d IF 4 y of Utah that.deseryes the best efforts and the richest thoughtsf'the best people and the wisest methods of the greatest statesmen to direct the movements made by the" people, to frame" a constitution that will admit Utah and bring about prosperity and security of rights guaranteed by dence, and the hope that he would be able to disA synopsis of the Conference of the Relief charge the duties of the position to their satisfacSociety an d Y. L JVL I AoL this S take prepared tion. iMr, Caine then stated the object of the Confor this paper has been crowded out but will apvention and pave his views unnn . flip nncitlnn VA " pear in our next issue. Also minutes' of the'-Sis- Utah, and the needs of the people in regard to ters Conference in Box Elder and other stakes. representation iii the general government, and particularized' the rights of the people and alluded to the grievances and the disadvantages under P RIM AR Y M E ET I NG-- A N A I R; which the people of the territories labored as to representation; his speech was calculated to On Tuesday June 28, we attended the Primary arouse ardent enthusiasm in the members, and Annual Meeting and Fair in the 17th stimulate them to active efforts in order to ensure Ward Schoolhouse. Mrs'. Julia C- Howe is the success in the undertaking for. which they had active and efficient President of that association; , come togetherfrom all points of the Territory. He She is assisted in her labors by Mrs. B. W. Smith closed his speech with; 'fLet us be diligentj careand Ella Dallas, who are intensely interested in ful, untiring and devoted to this cause, and our the instruction of the little people. There were 114 ur 111 ui victory, wnlcn uii quite a number of visitors present. The meeting will greet the enrollment of Utah on the records opened with singing by the children, ' 'Tis meef-ingdayof the nation, and her star shining on the flag of they seem to have had excellent trainour country, gleaming with the loyalty and devoing in music. Prayer by Sister Sinah Bishop; tion to this glorious republic of a freed grateful singing, "Around the throne of God." Minutes and happy people." During the speech Mr. of last annual meeting read and adopted; proCaine was frequently greeted with cheers and gramme exercises; Questions upon baptism by applause. Heber S. Cutler was nominated as Coun. Dallas, answered by the xhildren; Recita. messenger of the Convention and elected. There tion, Maggie Snell; do. Ellen Kimball; Son? C A r was some discussion in regard to the oath being 1 r HI n imi tuUui.uc, may, iuaDel and Ethel Lewis, exadministered to the delegates and officers of the ceptionally well rendered. Bible Sketch of the Convention,but It was finally put to vote and carried Prophet Daniel, Freddie Alder, read by his sister "Hon. F. D. Richards offered the opening nravpr on .account of his absence;Alice Mav 'An oath was then read which included all the Farr pro RedtatioTTTNeTTie visions ot the tdmunds-lucke- r test oath, finalMinnie and Maude Pratt: selert RP!in ly after some consjdeiejscussionjri reference roesbeclcrRecitatronrLibbie ' RichTRTciSion:' to the oath, it was amended to conform to the reglue 01 Waterloo, given istration oath adopted by the Utah Commission .by httle "J 1 Gwendoline Lewis in fine style ; Essay on and was then taken by the officers and mefnbers Ti hingby little Sadie Smith, who was sick and of the Convention. A motion was then made not able to attend, was read by by President Howe, John E. Booth of Provo, that the Constitution WtlO also m.lde.. nmtrom.l. . items adopted by a Constitutional Convention, April 27 irom giving her experience, since vi8S2 and by the people, May having of the associacharge be 22, 1882, taken a tion Brief addresses to. the a basis on which to work. The children were made motion was by C. E. carried. Hon. James Sharp Clawson, M. I. Home, S. Bishop, Sjsters presented a resoluZ. tion fox the appointment of several onng, M. A. Hyde, E. B. Wells. committees' to After these sisters had addressed y was made singing Love at Home, a presentation M. Y. Dougall, who by Coua. Dallas to Sister for several years had filled the position of Counselor in the association. The memento was worked on canvas and handsomely framed containing the small words, 'To Counselor Mrs. M. Y. Dougall a token of love and esteem from the members of the Primarv A s snriation. Salt Lake" City, June 1887 Bendiction by Sister B. V. Smith. The articles on exhibition at the Fair made a very nice showing and commended the exertions of all interested. Geneve "Ellerbeck aged eight, an etched splasher; Julia Howe the same age do. Nellie Howarth aged eleven, Libbie Rich nine, methodically and the reso-,rac- " proceed with the work ' orinntpd The convention then ad- journed until to day, July 1st. There is an intense interest among the people It. may be upon the subject of this convention. considered by some as a bold stroke under, exis- A Hr t-- Ut EXPONENT. ""-"-t - J : thirteen, .Barbara' Brown eleven, each an Wiimot a wreath Sadie etched apron. eleven ; .. bouquet of of Jiair, aged flowers framed, Annie Mary Farr aged twelve,Mot-toe- s Ada Eller-bec- k in frames Ellen Lundell nine-a-nd twelve, globe of wax flowers and plush key rack Tessie Williams six years old, vase of wax flowers Ada Davis nine, vase .of wool flowers Jennie Davis efght, lovely embroidered toiletet red plush Etta Keeting. eleven, two cloth and tidies -- Elsie Burrows ten, plush embroidered . .?J t.l!una TT.I.i oloci mats anaI crocnei- - way noisi 1 j t :J t).ii jJt.is.ci ti.- - tU.'.i uuy uciic iniiiccii, uuvAj auu ticiuu liuy, Groosebeck Clara Groesbeek eleven Louie eight; Canvas and ribbon tidy Cathie Dougal eight; sideboard scarf in silk etching Clara and Louie Groesbeek; Sateen and creton bag, Josie - 1 . J A j,--ci 1 aIavait An Libbie Rich nine: crochet woolen skirt. Tulia iowe niheTdolT"in pink satin and lace bonnet, Hntip 1 'y wnnl mate .tica nnaVi T?5rVi dressed by Ada Farmer eleven; do. jn pink muslin dress and satin bonnet Katie Dwyer ten; do. pink muslin dress and lace cap by Maggie Brown; -book m'ark byElmaLundell; a doll's chair made and painted by Master Murvin VV.. Davis twelve; patch work, hand sewing nine blocks, May 'Lewis eight ; and four large ones by her twin sister.Mabel Le wis; bottle of cherries tumbler of jelly and sponge cake by Stella Jacobs nine; a doll's bedstead dresser! rnrrnlefe hoH.tioIr Oliv. cKaofe nlllnmc bO, vi,v, lllUIT, do., slipsjspread and pillow-sham- s made of seventy- -' wo pieces of embroidery, by Gwendoline Levis. After the meeting the counselors and invited guests accompanied the President. Mrs. Howe, to ner residence wnere the most delicious refresh--- ; ments were served in a tasteful manner, and after partaking the ladies were invited to the parlor to join in social conversation; finally by common consent, a hymn was sung, "0 my Father" etc., being chosen as appropriate and prayer was offered by Sister Zina D. H. Young; brief remarks were made by the sisters who ' seemed specially blest with the Holy Spirit; after an hour or two spent in sweet communion, a benediction was pro. nounced by Sister Home, and the company dispersed feeling they had been mutually blest in thus assembling, and in blessing Sister Howe who had so kindly given them this pleasant interview in her beautiful and . home. peaceful , T THE OLD FOLKS EXCURSION. .The bulwark of the Latter-dakingdom. The veterans of republicanism had tendered to them ,a treaUongto be remembered, which all partici- pated in, with joyful hearts. Nineteen' cars trans ported trom bait Lake City as good a lot of people as can be found anywhere on Jhe earth. The weather was favorable, no high wind to break the enjoyment.no accident to mar the peace of anyone The iron horse labored hard to move its precious load to the city oT enjoyment, Ogden, where teams were in readiness to take all participators, to the park, The sprinkling carts had laid the dust; all was fresh and green. Tables were laden with earth's bounties; a rich feast spread for all! The Relief Society of the different Wards in that city had tkeir tents and stoves arranged to y 