3 3Z should, ia .tte discharge ;of this duty, breathe the influence of love and "kindness, and corrections should bo received in the same spirit. The works you read and study for the most origin;, they contain part are divine truths, and the children of Zion have to become proficient in all thah will make them' morally and intellectually great and powerful. We should' be ambitious to acnuire the com? mand of good language,' for under divine priesthood and blessing, perfect language, in and all ., fact all the art?, sciences, professions, that there is good and great in nature, will be - made subservient to the glory of God and the happification and blessing of the humble and ODeUieni OI uiu uuuittu.iaw. Sister Monch siboke in .tongues, and Sister the interpretatiorthe purport of- Russell-gavwhich was, that the paints were to'-- arouse themselves "awake, awake, to righteou; nessl" and blessing and joy and power awaited them. An holy influence pervaded the hearts of all. The following presid en ts reported their societies, bore their testimonies and felt blessed! n being present to enjoy the good influence and valuable teachings manifested by the speakers: M. A. Pi ley, Second Ward, Sarah .A Hart. West Weber, Annie' Taylor, Mound Fort, Anni Belnap, Fourth Ward, Maria Russell, Riverdale,M Ferrin;Eden. El ler Richard Ballantyne had greatly enjoyed the meeting; the instructions were valuable, and we should make them available' to He exour benefit by. a practice of them horted all to.be obedient to the commandments of God, and in an earnest, feeling manner invoked the blessing of Ihe Almighty upon the , daughters 'of Israel.' Prvst... Sarah Herrick in a few choice remarks expressed deep satisfaction of feeling for the good spirit manifest during the meetihgs of of this conference, and jm appreciation otVthe instructions givea and after referring to some hems of business, announced the adjournment of the conference for three months. Singing, School thy feelings' etc. Benediction by xro. Mclntyre. ' M. Chambers, Sec. pro tern. e , , CHARITY broken the law and changed the ordinances; this is why they are. How beautiful to contemplate the restitution of all things in these the last days, The Gospel breaks the fetters wherewith woman is bound, takes Jer by the hand and says, "Woman, know thyself." The women of Zion have a great and important work to do. "Man is not without the woman, nor. woman without the man in the Lord." Before closing I wish ,10 show my appreciation of such, .noble, .God-fearin- of these is, charity"' was the utterance of that great man among men, the apostle Paul, eighteen hundred year3 ago, lmaI rnmp. Ronndinpv down nnrl thpv ifcntpnro v tnrougn me ages in clear ringing tones io iue present time. Its truth, is echoing in our heartsTto-day- ; but, alas; howJittle of its bpauty "But ft. Ruby Lamont, Lula. Greene Richards .and others, who dare proclaim the word of God amid such strong inclinations to follow fashion. I heartily endorse every word they say, and TeenhaltTiere are many or thealJiTefOr Zion who would gladly accept their doctrine, weren tot4br4ak-oforat- u .their lirst attempt. But u the leaders in soSaints would acciety among the- Latter-dacept and practice it, tho rest would gladly follow. It 13 said that ','exampki is better than precept." I believe it true in this case. How-eveI feel that the words .of these intelligent ladies are not lost, but are as bread cast upon the waters, and will return after many ,days, bringing its reward; and if my humble add any encouragement to those who are laboring to elevate Women, I will feel amply paid for shaving .endeavored to courage. -- ra;e-4o-mak- , - e-4 y r, w ft w v and greatness do we see exemplified. If our enemy hunger it may be an easy enough matter to feed him' with a few hard crusts that fall women as g thc" greatest bling over with good will " the expression of his harder matter. We do notquarre 1 our noses are not all our eves: of the same might vouchsafe we thought seems to .be a v - with one another because of the same length and color, yet, in "as rcasona- - unnn Tinnnpfi rpaninps.i rn x .:n: :u ness to have him burned at the stake, if it were only the custom to do such things That there h p n wfl.v " "j Thprp. -is r :. n, - L are such nuraberlesii dTflerences of opinion is a truly blessed state of affairs, for if all persons thought, acted and looked alike this would be an extremely dull, commonplace sort of a wnrlrl. Theolden rule has not its coinage in the instincts ITEMS FROM UTAH STAKE. Editor Exponent: Dear Sister Wells: many 'times thinkiug'of writing to you, I have now determined to do so. When "I. last wrote my husband was absent on his term of imprisonment for- conscience' sake. I am thankful now he lias returned home in moderate good health and spirits. During, his term ve lost one of our children by death. He was permitted to come to its burial, a few days before his re lease. There has been considerable sickness in this place for some time past, chiefly whooping cou g u , and t u r neiL to 1 u ng- disease . among .uiluren and bancs. On the 19th of Aiizust last" BroT H. II. -- Guff, Sister A. K. Sraoot and myself went up to Pleasant Valley to visit the Relief Society aaa i'rimary Associations, and to enect an The late President left the organization. for good, or for the present, at least. valley Mrs. M. A. Richard r was elected- President of the Relief Society, with Irs. H. Walton and Mrs.-- Balantine as 'Counselors. For the Prim Mrs. R. ary Association, Avery was chosen Mrs. and L. President, Whimpy and Miss Lizzie Potter Counselors. We had a very pleasant trip and visit, found the Saints faithlul to theMr trust. On our return we stayed over at Mil -- . of-huma- nature and it n is a "hard ys as we do toward them. It is so easy and self satisfying, too, to see wherein others are wrong, and to condemn all faults and foibles not our own. The dishonest man condemns his drunken man who never brother, and the did a thoroughly gooa- - act in d& me iooks askance at a weak, unprincipled brother while his whole manner says, because thy sin is not my sin, therefore it is deserving of the severest hard-hearte- d In one of the Charles Dickens' stories he tells of the inoffensive, good little boy, David Copperfield, who was very illtreated by his and the more cruel the treatment flip frrvatpr hponmo this dislike until a mpro WOMAN'S VOICE. .:1-J- . A.(L. V11L11L1 M V'l I, III11llin IIUV LUC (k.AmnAn 11UU1I be to a into a rage. So. it appears principle Editor Woman's Exponent: of human nature thft when the strong .and As one of the weak handmaids of the Lord masterful person misuses those who are weak lie comes to dislike and despise them. But, I can no longer restrain ray feeling?, but must to once let the stronger tenderly care for the give vent ray seutiments, and express my weaker, and work for that one's good even to gratitude to God before all the world, thatl live inrtfcis eventful age, when God has again the denying of self and he acquires a love that 11 ! .1 ll i l.l , frr-the heavens, and the light of day win maKe useii ieit as.me cnanty inaiininKspoken is dawning upon woman, who has been eth no evil." Our hearts as well a9 bur minds trampled under the foot of man for ages; when God in grow with what they feed upon. His infinite mercy is restoring her to that level Often after years of vigorous, unsatisfying for which she was created struggle for the attainment of some of "life's I feel that every daughter of Zion should empty bubbles," when perhaps, careworn and ' to God for fing praises Almighty restoring Fork, where there is a small branch of the misunderstood by our fellowmen we find there such glad tidings. It is a very strong is some one whose touch of sympathetic kindliproof Church. We there also organized a Primary of the divinity, ofjhu grea Latter-da- y Association with about thirty members, with ness causes our hearts to throb with a quickwork, which we profess to be ieve in. Think of it; Mrs; Lewis as President, and Mrs. Kate Wood ened joy' that, revivifies and strengthens us and girls! think of it, mothers! Do we appreciate we exclaim. "Of the good thing3 of life the and Mrs. Bigley, Counselors. We also had the blessings and privileges we enjoy? The time there. We leftProvo on Aug. 19th, greatest of all is charity." worm can us slaves an J dupes, but where in and returned after a There is a sublime beauty expressed in those trip ot lour days. all the broad land do women The quarterly conference of this Stake, also enjoy such freewords "Father forgive them for they' precious dom? Where are they looked upon by their the "Relief Society was held last week. We (know not what they do." While all other .husbands as their equal, their counselor, if had voices would be raised to condemn, he, whose good meeting?, good and timely instructions. you please, a helpmeet in very deed? Should Much was said concerning our children, and alone was the sinless life could look with un we not, then, educate ourselves to fillsuch a the immorality brought about through excurbounded charity, hot upon ein, but upon the noble position honorably and ' - ' before sions. acceptably we all can enter the heavenly doer of evil. God? It is a matter of deep reflection for to the Saints, as school and, sitting at the feet of; the .Great I feelitaday of warning young women. Inquire of yourselves, what is well as those of the outside world, and we Master, learn to love our neighbor as ourself the object of your creation? There should hz on the alert in word aud deed to forcertainly and then shall we grow up tall and strong in must have been a purpose in it. ward the cause of the kingdom of God on the. "the wisdom that is from above; which is first tell us that, "God created manTheScriptures in His own earth. pure, then peaceable gentle and easy to be en 6 female created He them." the in sister Your wuge'should Gospel covenant, treated, full of mercy and good fruits, without Vhy woman be considered so far infeMary Joii. hypocrisy." jEr. rior to man? Man has perverted the Gospel, S. B "ProvoCify, Sept. 7,1837. ; ; . . step-fathe- r, l.U....U I DliCU-JQLU- -- : - 1 . !. 1 e I . If -- -- 1 -- 