WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 114 where we have roamed and.' tin scenes through liiivn. ruissAd: in'trndpr vf'.'ii'.arf! :dl too. deeply engraven ever to be eradicated. Byron, in "The Dream," says, and truthfully, trr li'liof if anama tfi mn OT.rlI.-ic- ! f, tlni Mr'lllfl. wlnVVi vfi "They have upon our waking thoughts, a. They take weight from off our waking toils; They do divide our being; they become A portion ol ourselves, as oi our time; They pass like spirits of.?the past they speak Like sybils of the future; they have posver The tyranny of pleasure aad of pain; v. lliey maKC us wnai we were noi wiui iiey ui, - And shake us with the vision that's gone by.": mining-townrIhould-sui)pos- '" The other picture is "of New Year's Eve, 1885, and a - day of 1880, and n, indeed, nut a i i 1:1 .i p i i -Sliauow, out proiounu ream v. Tfc is aIrno.st like revisitiurr another world to liflk- - fn ihft jsnenea of meVhildhobd after more than forty years absence. ; Meeting and embracing brothers and sisters-- whom one cannot recognize, the feeling is a strange one inThere is something decidedly pitiful deed. in meeting those of one a own immediate 'family and riot knowing a feature, or a tone of the voice; though it does comer back to you idlerwards, little by little, To be viewed from top very-featscanned eriticaihy to" toe,-an-de and then to be told 1 ou are not a mUike yourself, is almost as comical as Mother Goose's version of. the little bid woman who was so. Dewnuerea ana dazed mat sne ex-- . claimed. "Lauk "a mercv on me. this surelv ( fri-- v - ure I sat arid watched the old and year out, and new year in with my in in a cosy parlor New En gland her .husband with decorated fresh flowers,and ev.';r- profusely tnree sat aronnu tne jire togetner, as we three. shall never meet again in this life. We chatted of the old and the new, the old Yankee-cutoms and the new Western habits. How widely different the Jives of those reared under the same roof often ..art? in thr-i- rn-.-rl- . ences and development. How tameAha lives -- I' Til T t ll vif..,mn,..Ati Buiuv, uu icmpwAivm iuu..y ot- oiners. ljiKe the ships that sail out on the greatocean, tome glide smoothly over, almost without an effort, others encounter severe storms, and are tossed about and beaten hither and thither.. We talked of the past and the future, of our strange meeting note, and of that other meeting and greeting in the hereafter. New Year's Day wo called on dear friends of my aud some, schoolmates, oi mine, who were perfectly familiar with my name, invariably call- me incidents-!- " .ing rae immie, could not recall. There were real cousins, too, whom I had never jtven seen, who furnished me with historical data and stories of our forefathers and foremothors, the half of which", though it was told me, I cannot remember. shall forget flic perfume of the pine and hemlock woods, through which' we drove, though it was the dead of winter, and the ground white with.snow nor the sweet, pale face of my darling sister and-th- o heavy masses oi ner silvery" silken hair, us she sat and talked to me of our blessed m other and the old, bid home, of those that had gone, and others who are scattered cast and west," and time when .We should meet again, where there will ba no more sad pariings. ' Aunt Em;' s r ,, ....; . si-tcr- ;aTiTt-teiii- 's, ng of-th- LEAVES FKOM JMY JOURNAL. M. J. TANNEK. Dear ExroNi;x: - brick houses and broad streets; the door yards arc leaiceu, auu mcic uie Bome nice orchards It has a general business air, but no look of try improves. Newton, 9 a.m. "V. We leave the snow shed.-;- at some of which the section men tell us the snow is still thirty feet deep. We wind around on the mountain Twenty minutes for break" e, . . - ll -No - -- way. .re I - but get none; pay out for potatoes, cents for a cup of breakfast thft "rpst are all merry and twenty tea, and make a'comfortable of thfi nnmnnnv oof , orwl 1 " J UU WH " hearty. PRIMARY CONFERENCE AND FAIR. On Saturday morning of Oct. 23d l886, the members of the Primary Association of ,Lehi City, held their yearly conference. Present on R. Cutler, A. K the stand were Bishop-T- . bmoot, fatake President, R. btandring, Assist ant to Stake President, C. Ball, President of 1st District, E. Smuin, of 3rd District, and Sister Thomas. After the usual opening exercises, the minutes of last conference were read aud apalso the statistical and financial . proved: i The ports. programme consisted of recitations, questions and answers. Misa essays, songs, . S i r l l Jezeli Uibb gave a recitation relenng to the brethren in prison, which was so well recited as to cause many to drop a tear. . -- ' - , a stated that the mothers could not but realize that great credit was due to those who had been training these children; the Primary was doing a great work. Bishop T. R. Cutler was the next speaker; was '.well paid for coming; the singing had been very. good. Exhorted all. to attend their choir meetings. President R. Standrincr said the time had been well spent; it would, not be wise to detain the children longer. 1 Til enaorseu remarKs iuat unu ine rjr omuin Benedic been made by the former speakers. ? .. tion by Isaac Fad. The officers then made their way to Sister Conner's, where tables were spread with a sumptuous repast. T " l 1 iIJll " FAIR. At one o'clock the fair was opened, and the pleasant sight that attracted your gaze on the home-right was a table filled with cookery, " made candies, etc Farther up was a great d isplay of agricul tu re; also - a number of bottles filled with different varieties.of fruit, donated to the Deseret Hospital. On the left was the needle work of the little girls ouilts. tidies, mats, knittinsr and other varieties, showing what their busy little, fingers could ''Some of. the cookery was sold, and the means thrown into the treasury to help f meet expenses. Sakaii A. Ball, secretary. - to-b-e -- " . in lirorfi without fC&son, and to laugh immoderately, are manifest r .... Tn rnl tci'fTimif rncrnrA - made beds with our seats, and rested i .it tit some last night, though we were n neuenucu. igns or ignoranceannoyed by the conductor catling out to us the names of could live surrounded by calamities, the towns we jiasred. When we awoke this" i Who . ItU ovnpf.ta ! i i i morning the conductor- told m we had got did not smuintr nope cneer mm viiu J: tion of deliverance? J. Hamilton down in God's country now. Tt struck me as rather ludicrous. I told him we had just come Law is llkft a sieve: it i3 very easy to, sec from God's country, "Where 'was that?" rniioK if- Vmf a man mint Hft considerably re "Up in the tops of the Rocky .Mountains.'' If 6od it. G S. did not own thai country, I did not know who duced before he can get through Morton. . did; I. thought it was ns near God as some of us would ever get. .Someone asked where we The aztrreeate happiness of society, which is were. "In sunny Ken-n-- ' v,as the reply. We best promoted by the practice of a virtuous a thought thai a - i,r U lj-,.. .k ia.-- wain UIJU policy, is or ought to be the end of all governcloudy, and there was not-green tree, nor ment. Was1dnjtQ)i. - - . : -- , e 'V ; 's : be 1." Is'ew Year's Eve field of wheat, or lucern; or fruit blossom to he ""' " seen. - a.AVeight can't doubling on our trackgoing up and down, but still descending.. We meet the western pound train, and shortly after, looking out, we see it traveling in the .same dfrectmn as ourselves; it turns a curve and is" out oLsight. Shirlev. 12:$0. Going "down the" canon. roTichal-- p. m.A- loyely-- 1 i tt le- - val ley- -' and pleasant little village. SaJida, twenty-minutefor dinner; a nici little town, pleasantly situated. -- Afor there are no garden or trees, nor any sign of vegetation. ' o:',)0: Now we reach the Grand Cailon of "the Arkansas Kiver. It is a dark, gloomy gorge, with rocks towering to a great height on either side. It is grand beyond description, but my pen could not possibly "convey an idea of its appearance. Above us the jagged cliffs and below us the roaring river. Uue moment we are on trestle work, and the next turning a curve so snort that the engine looks as if it would .meet the back end of the train." It gives one a feeling of suspense to see how little ; stands between us and eternity. Canon City, 3;.o0. Here we leave the Rocky Mountain'?. The country is lovely as it meets our view coming down the hill. (Jne could hardly imagine a lovelier view. The city is the nicest. I have seen since I lSt home; well laid Here the putwitli sidewalks and shade-tree- s. solid the hills are piles of country clianges; white sandstone rising one above another. The road passes between the rocks, which rise above us on either side, and we see extensive stone quarries, where people arc working on the sides of therhills with -d- emck-Efrid machinery for the immense rocks which they quarry moving ... . K , rni iui uunuiu or (juier purposes, mere is some picturesque scenery as we pass along. Occa sional! v the ruins of an adobie house. Very little population until we near the old town of ruebio, a town of considerable historical inter est for me," as here our Mormon Soldiers were left when they could travel no further on that long and memorable march, when they were torn irom their lainmes to tight for the country that was powerless or unwilling to protect them. Here my husband staid with those helpless ones, suffering from overwork, priva tion and disease. The town is a singular mixture from the cabins' made by standing boards or logs on end, and covering them with clay, to. immense bricK nouses, built' m a square, solid lorm, and having the same general ap pearance. .' It covers considerable country, but I could gain no information, except what! saw iu jmiug. xi is, nowever, umerent in style from any city I have ever seen. Her p. w change. ears anitake the Arkansas and Topeka line. Ttiey broad. cuaecars. but we miss are . . our chairs and are mixed up with strange peo ple. We feel this unpleasantly as we note the appearance of some females who are drinking beer and laugr.ingand talking with loud voices. miles to Kansas xnursuay, a pru. lb. G:30 a.m. How City, strangely evervthinrr looks. erreen trees, or fruit, hlnms nr fences or door yards. The town is called Nickersen, and is built entirely of frame or board houses: Scarcely any farmiug a yet under - mi.-nonw- -r ; -- 