WOMAN'S . EXPONENT. PER PACEM AD LUCEM. In a mysterious way moves the Lord r His wonderful things to perform; do not ask, 0 Lord, that life may be ' A pleasant road; I do not ask that Thou woddit take from me ." Aught pf its load; I . Id not ask that flowers should always spririg v. Beneath my feet; I Vnow oc well the poison and the sting ' Of things too sweet. ; ,v No mortal can tell of the pleasure and bliss - ' .... Will be known at that heavenly meeting, ' When loved ones who've passed there with a smile and a , ;-- Ltad me aright Though strength : should kiss,. plead, 5 Jaller-an- though heart should d ' bleed, Through Peace to Light. . . x , do not ask, O Lord, that Thou shouldst shed Full radiance here; Give but a ray of peace, that I may tread W ithout a fear. t I I . . I do not ask my cross to understand ' Welcome us home as a greeting, Not again to be patted by d:ath's cruel hand, But joyfully dwell evermore ; 'Mid beings divine on the gohlen siraiid, Of the beautiful heavenly shore. N. Hayes. s : restless day; but peace divine Like quiet night; Lead me, O Lord, till perfect Day shall shine, Through Peace to Light. SeUited " .. - Adelaide PiiocTon. . . - " ON "THE DEATH OF A CHILD. 'The Lord giv6lh and the Lord taketh away." Father, Mother, Sisters, Brothers, Weep not for the one departed, Though his absence pleasure smother Renders you nigh broken hearted. Co . - like the lovely flowers bright, That perish by the frost, in bloom, Your dear one passed from joyfuLight To rest within the silent torab. v fi-- You'll e'er miss your darling sleeping, ' Sometimes you may yearn for him; Behind the veil there's joy, not weepinj, , O'er another saved from sin. n, The purest spirits born on earth, Havingpoo, alitgh commission, uui numperea Jew years iroiryneir birth, Ere God released them from their uiisioo. It seems that some are born to die. A righteous plan to fill; And soon return to God on high In glory, as they've done His will. " !' Your darling boy, now resting sweetly, Is better off, by far, than we; His mission short he did completely. And now from sin and pain he's free. - " Though sad bereavement sorrow brings, .The sacred Scriptures say) "'Tis God who giveth us all things, " . Tis He who takes away.'' ' ' His knowledge great we cannot see, His plan we cannot tell; Or else our fervent prayer would be, "We thank Thee, Father; all is well." j Sometimes we ask where His wisdom can be In recalling the children He's given "Suffer little children to come unto me, For of t uch is the kingdom of heaven." All k for the best, however hard lif' journey through trouMe and , s Your boy is knowing sweetest rest, His body only goes to Just. B 1 - . For pure in heart from evil free, Not worthy in this world of vice; And Father, merciful, doth see 'Twere best for them in paradise. He dwells with beings pure and blest, ror uoa aDOve is kind and just.. , . How helpless 13 "the poor .Hula, innocent babe, when brought into this world of toil and care; and how gracious in our Heavenly Father to iaipart such a quantity of maternal affection to the one being Upon whom the child is so dependent. It knows now only what it can feci physically, mental pain being entirely unknown until its mental powerj are sufficiently developed to expeneucea disappointment. The Jittle one first shows its mt licence through its eyes following the slowly moving fingers, in circles, and by fastening iti attention on its approaching or departing mother. It has not yet learned that it is in poeseision of so rare a piece of mechanism as the human hand, but soon it will hold that appendage up before the examining eye, as thj anatomist does his instruments before commencing dissection. Alter having foundHhc baud, it tries to make use of it, and immediately wo find the little round t entering the ever open mouth, which ictuses entrance to only those, objects whose size the opening debars. Our observation is next drawn towards the efforts, in learning to walk. We say, "Have caution.'" Yes, the Jittb one is, learning cau-tiotne many lump rabed by the cruel floor coming in contact with the, soft, clastic, "m uTculafTpi ocesses "cailerrbone, is its natural Jus t r u c tor. And h o w many tini ss th at those tiny lingers get in the way of the heated stove, papa's foot, the door, and numerous other objects, constructed purposely, as it were, to inflict Wounds on the unsuspecting and trusting. Iu learning to talk, the most rapid progress is noticeable. A child of four or live years U very seldom found who cannot perfectly and clearly express itself; and if the parents are educated there will be found but few mistakes in pronunciation, accent, or in lanmiafre', as the child can only do or say what it has M. I. seen done, or heard said. It is at this age that evil or jrood will swav the action of the future man or woman. How MISCELLANEOUS. pure should be all the principles taught and the examples set for our little ones, wno have It-ia signal of honor to be an arrow in iho been chosen bythe Lord to raise up and bear off on their shoulders the burden of a great Almighty's quiver. Macduff. and glorious work, which we now represent. Always learn to think and act for yourself. Ihe death of our dear President reminds U3 Learn, to say no;. it will be of. more service that we will not long b3 able to shield our to you than to bz abh to read Latin. children from the troubles of life, and while we are here let U3 how ouf good faith by our works. Resolve to edjie in a little readinir every PilOXY. , : day, if it is but a single sentence; if you gain fif teen minutes a day, it will make itself felt at . Mqidu the end of the year. AN INTERESTING ANNUAL -- ' gramme began with a physiological lecture, on the care of the body by Miss Katie Dean; it wa3 excellently given and veryJnstructive. Song, Mis3 Lizzie Thomas; Letters of Correspondence' between Misses Clara Gentry an Emily Dean. The Manuscript Paper was then rnifl liv Aflaa Dnra 1?nrmniT it. nmitninoA f'nnrl f thought; Song, MisGeorgina Brown. Prest. irvine said that concluded the programme and the time would now ' be occupied by our visitors. Prest.. M. A. Freezo said,:; to say I have enjoyed the meeting would but faintly express my feelings. You are improving and I feet to encourage you to continue. The article m the paper on kindness affected me deeply. Wo may all profit by putting it into prac tice. There are many mora top s)eak, eo I will give way praying God to bless all' here, T . and enable you to do right. S. Prest. E. Taylor sail, I am more than pleased to meet you; I have been .thinking of the many changes that have taken place since' we last met; If you have improved spiritually as TyotT have mentally you have indeed gained. Ha3 ycur faith increased? Can you say that today you have more faith In your Heavenly Father than you had one year ego? Praying God to bles3 and keep you and that the officers oi your meeting may have wisdom to lead you aright and ever walk as examples worthy of imitation is my prayer. Sifter S. M. Kimball said,- your meetings are carried on in a very pleasing manner and I am very much gratified to have met with you. Pray God to bles you all. Amen.' Dr. Maggie Shipp said, I have truly appre-ciated your meeting, and I sincerely thank your President for giving me an invitation. She implored the young ladies to continue in the good worlr Spoke very highly of tho lecture which was just what was needed. Sister Lily Freeza spoke many rood words . i l . u ner us pleasing-mannerai in . Coun. Player of the 19th Ward R. S. also made some good remarks, exhorting the girls : to be careful in the choice of companions. . Prest. Irvine then made a few closing remarks. Meeting adjourned for one year, Grace Gallagher moved that we tender a vote of thank3 to our visitor for their attendance, and good instructions. Carriel unanimously. Sister M. A. Freeza then moved that the visitors give a vote of thanks to the members for " giving them such a treat. Singing, ''Beauti- lul Zion." Benediction by Ella Ncbeker. t CHILDHOOD. is like - ' .Harry . Joy ' : ' My way to see;o Better in darkness just to feel, Thy hand And follow Thee. - Freeze, and Count Player. Meeting commenced by singing ! 'Rock of my refuge;" Prayer by Conn. E. Bowman. Singing, "Wo are sowing." Roll called; 50 members responded with a sentiment. JMinutes of last annual meeting readjind .. . May the hand of Almighly, who caused you to mourn, For your darling, your beautiful boy, Whert the tiresome journey of life you have passed, " Take you hometo eternity's joy. ; For one thing only, Lord, dear Lord, S5 ilora; ... r " . . - The Annual meeting of Y. L. M. I. Associa tion of the 19th Ward wa3;held July 19th, Prest. M. E. Irvine presiding. Present on the the stand were Sisters E. S. Taylor, S. M. Kim ball, M; A. Freeze, Dr. Maggie Shipp, Lil Mrs. John Tyler, once a bride of the White House, has been calling on Mrs. Cleveland, and recitjng some sparkling reminiscences of her early married life--as the wife of a presi- - ' dent. She has five children and a beautiful young granddaughter, : 