0 WO M AN 'S- EXPONEN T. - 174 tbat they were not a whit behind others in Conference adjourned till the 7th of October. j even if cocoons. appears to ba no present sale for If yoi cannot sell, them, you. can keij) them, for I tlunk; that in-- few year3 the (JemaiKi will t)e greater than the supply. So far as I am concerned, I have no difficulty of my 'silk at home for the manufac ture of ties, which are far nicer and more duiV able than imported ones. satisfied tha't if the sisters will persevere in the good work hthat success: will yetr crown their elforts. Ah spring is nov approaching, let all whose circumstances will permit, and vho have the welfare of Ziou at heart, plant a few mulberry the humberfrom year to who and those already have the trees, I year, trust will procure sufficient worms to utilize the leaves during the coming summer. In conclusion I would say that, although necessity prevents my meeting with you in conference, yet I am with you heart and soul. I have had a season of severe trial, but I hone to profit by. the. experience. thus gained. I am happv to be able to "say thafJiro.' Warehanf appears to be slowly recovering from his long aiiliction. Prayiffg Gcd to bless ypu and direct your labors during conference, I remain, with love : and good wishes, lour sister in the Gospel,th-'r- e Jensen. their progress.'. Jknedjction "''.'".'.. Analiza Skely", Sec. Saturday, the 12th, .the people met in. Stake were not; blessed Conference. Although MAETCOPA STAKE. with the presence of any of the Presidency, or of any of the Apostles, the Lord had mercy Editor Exponent: on the people on account of their peculiar position, and inspired those' who-" spoke. to give I herewith submit a summary of our quar-- . unto them those thing-- that were"needcd for terly conference, held at Mc?a, lb, 1 ftoo.. I can truly ""Conference, convened at 10 a.m , Coun. Susan their growth and development. from the time a had orfefrcshiug say that we "" Savage presiding. Our Stake Prest, K. S. ' 'Lord. McDonald, having just 'returned from her trip M. EmzabetiiJLittlEs J to Utah and Salt Lake, felt weary' and needed rest after her tiresome journey, therefore her" Counselor took charge of the meeting. The ITEMS FROM MILLARD. roll call showed, a fair representation of the different branches of the Stake. Favorable reports were given by the presiding sisters in regard to their societies," and they each bore a ..We thought, perhaps a small contribution strong testimony of the truth of thejwork they on our part might be acceptable to your valu- " were engaged in. ; able paper. A.; number of "the brethrnTaud sisters ad-dressed the meeting, whose remarks were very and as a general tiling a good feeling prevails On the 29th of March last the sisters got up a encouraging, and calculated in their nature party to surprise our beloved President, Sister to cheer and strengthen those who . were enrt ri- gaged in the work of God. lables were set inthe chQplJiouseLaDijgouMi Coun. Savage wished . the prayers of the sis- . met? assembly ters in behalf of our President, thatthe hoarse Sister Kimball was lured from her. home on ness with which she was afflicted' might be - Rebecca Waueiiam, someretext. and. accompanied by her Coun re mo ved , that she might be en a bl erf to add ress President and Gay, entered the the selors, Sisters'-Mill: meeting. house; she was greatly surprised and detply God she that lived Sister Tuttle felt to glorify PrestrE. G. McDonald felt very thankful to afflcted. On being seated, an autograph album ' time. It was necessary for return acain to our midst, ami enjoyj he society in such an eventful was presented to her as a token of friendship, of her friends once more in this favored land. us to be a tried and persecuted people in order from the sisters of the Relief Society. It was to gain a celestial glory. Did not think God Referred to the satisfaction she had experienced a very happy gathe ring, and pleasure beamed in her htbors in the Temple in officiating for would allow us to apostatize if we would be on every countenance. --After all had partaken of the good things of her dead; felt that the Lord had blessed her in humble and prayerful. Looked forward to the time when this temple would be IKiished, the earth, the tables were removed, and in the "and we can go in and do a work for our dead felt better in her li fe. Spoke of conversa: evening sijngs, dancing aiid recitations were infriends and relatives." Did not feel to pray. tions she had held with strangers, concerning dulged in, the ladies holding the dancing numfor the trials to pass by, but for strength to bers. The invitation had been extended to the the principles of our religion, especially plural bear them. -marriage; felt that the blessings of God had brethrejndblwu!vseIl-edAjL been with her in these interviews, and she was the close. Sister Kimball expressed her grati Coun. S. Petersen felt thankful that we were to should it. strive sisters "The thankful.for sisters tude to the brethren and It 13 now nine forjhe respect Leiigag.ed..in 'so great a work. allTveutTiome and "TjoTreheiidllieri feeling" lheyb(J"stiottTn; her,years since Brigham Young urged us to lay up they may be prepared to defend them when the time had been welt spent. wheat for a time of need, but wa3 sorry to see enemies. extend U3 a assailed Let our by ... Adelaide Paxtonv what smaihprogress had been made. .. louched tho.-rho d w word to and kind a ban helping Ainmi siiK ana manuiacture, in ere are in trouble, and be, indeed, angeJs of mercy, was no time to general oe mie. opone on piurai in the sphere in which we are placed." Made marriage, that it va3 as true as baptism. r more very interesting remarks, which many R. S., Y. L. A. & P. A. REPORTS. Prest. M. A. Hyde"wa3 thankful to meet were listened to with great interest. with her sisters again after so long an absence, After singing, conference adjourned for three EMERY STAKE. during which time she had had the opportunity Jones. months. Dismissed by p to represent the Relief Society of this Stake as Conference of the The Eiglith Sarah M.Pomeroy, Secretary. being energetic and industrious in manufactur Relief Society of Emery Stake was 'held at ing cloth, carpet, cheese, etc, etc., for the ternSANPETE STAKE. , Huntington, on FridAprirrstTcommencing pie, besides appropriating their bunuay-egg- s at 10 a.m., Presto Anna U. Larseu presiding. Minutes of the quarterly canference of the: for the, emigrating of the pQor. "Our temporal After singings prayer was offered by Bro. The Johnson? -- Minutes of, previous . conference Relief Society" of Sanpete Stake, .held at and spiritual duties cannot be separated. when Ephraim, March 12, 1887, Pre;t. M. A; Hyde sisters are gaining spiritual strength, and . read and approved. presiding. After the usual opening exercise,. they have a testimony of what is right, they Prest. Anna U. Larsen, in her opening rewill their minds into subjection to the marks, sj)oke of the" duties of the Society in the roll was called.and minutes and reports were will bring of God, no matter, '.ehat the consequences read. Verbal reports were given by presidents caring for. the sick, ami doing all they could and representatives of the different, branches, might be, knowing that the Lord loves His for those who needed assistance. She advised which were very satisfactory;' .. daughters as well as His sons, and hear3 and all to be careful in training their children, not answers their prayers." Concluded by speakCoun. E. Allred hoped we would keep pace neglecting to teajcli' them the principles of the ing in tongues, which was interpreted by Sister with thetimes, as wewere living under peculiar Gospel, and thought if we lived as we should Casto, and was , very encouraging to the we would have no need to fear our enemies. circumstances',' when all that could be shaken '. The presidents of the different branches would be shaken. It is necessary for i to daughters of Zion. . live lives of purity and faithfulness before God, gave verbal reports, showing that the, membeis Bishop Jensen of Manti, addressed the conto were desirous of doing all in their power that this crusade might pass by. ference; felt to say, "May the God of Israel advance the cause of truth. bless and strengthen the sisters in their efforts letter The was then Sisread from .... , following A few of the older sisters related someof to do good.'' tcr.AVareh.am: ... .. "tliei r ex per ieii ice"iui hr Churchand the trials ZZZTreBnufePefeBl they - had r passed - through- - they- - could - see - the Dear" Sisters: Saints were making quite a. history. "The sissayings of the Prophet Joseph being fulfilled ters are now sailing in the same canoe a3 the am I of the those well as and their as deprived Although remarks, pleasure day, every of meeting with you in conference, I feel it a brethren, as they have all been disfranchised. of the. brethren who were present, were enDilated' on the of . our faith and couraging and replete with good counsel and duty to say a few words to you in behalf of blessed the sisters.principles instruction, showing a determination to uphold silk culture, as the time draws nearer when we all the principles revealed for our exaltation, shall be obliged to sustain ourst-lves- , and it. The choir sang, "God is Love." Benedicas to' behooves make every effort tion by a' people, and put their trust in the L jrd. us, Bishop Andersen. Conference adjourned in that direction. I would say to all who to meet at A good spirit was with u and peace preSterling, June 11th, 1887. have any mulberry trees, be not discourage! vailed, all feeling blessed in meeting together M. A Hyde White, Sec. r , by-'Bro.- '" -- , T-a-m fc. s ' : tree-andlincr- v ease - -- ' - T 7Adelia-)Uhibl?15- . . . - - ; Silk-Associatio- - . . - ; e . 1 1 -- ".'"-- ' Bi-ho- Semi-annua- l. . u-- -- 1 . . 1 1 1 1 - 1 1 , 