WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 79 0- TO. A FRIEND. He designui Ijim jo live to the age of ir tree, FAIR AT GLEN WOOD. not din ggifl'g out a exist(i)ce. but full " life and vitality; but such a stale Is imr- ."'Kuixor'ExroNKNTrj sible according to the s)?t ins of living adopted- - ' but the word . "At Ilich field, on the 22nd and 23rd of by man, which tend to we held our Annual Stake Fair for the of wisdom is lull of the principle's of regeneia-tion- , ami ifob.served, wiii gradually! bring us; '" Primary Aeciatiens,of: Sevier County; the held theirs with us this year, Ye.ung Ladies-alsback to our normal condition' as enjoyed by which waT pronounced a. great tuccees. the ancients, who couid number their days by pleasant-leatuiin the "lair was the work-she)the hundreds, not btig. cut oil' untimely .by wiere children fiom six to twelve years, worked disease, but yielding to old age . because death was promm need upon them within a thousand' at different work, fonie sewing, carding, wool, " tp'nning, knitting, braiding straw, carpentering, year.-- , or a'day of the Lord's time- advanceAfter delining the various uses, to which the etc. It is really surprising to note the ment the Pfimary children are" making, both products of the e arth are te !).. i.iiLJor the benetemporal and spiritual, and we feel to thank fit of "man, the Lord expressly lb- bids the use K. Snow- - Smith for the of "strong drink," but says, "It is for the God and Shter,.Eliza ' ofganzation. W'ASIIlMi OF YOUR IKJDIKS " "Now, I think The articles that were contributed are too the lull import of this sentence U In iter underto mention; the hand work, baking, numerous stood by the Saints in general ar 'ff w'a by my- -' and some very ingenious articles mfide by the sell a lew years aof 'Though I had read the bovs, sere really excellent, reflecting great revt Jalion from childhood, and had avoided c r ed i t o n all. T h e Yo utn g ' La d es' t a b es w e re the use of tea, eefircey and, J.h a ".".certain extent,, , so well filled, it being their first fair, yet other forbidden 'articles still for many years I not Young Ladies of Glenwooel had their table W:s in a low;; debilitated state of health, a the well- supplied, both- in fancy werrk anel hand victim to a species of muscular rheumatism of the4 spine, anef other compilations, which, sewing, for which they certainly deserve much mud e i IV a "we ary u i den, w lach , 1 mi t" 4 or a7 which showed great taste and patience. We mighty faith ip God, and an irrepressible hope hope the Young Ladies' will" try again. I would have gladly yielded-ulis a cross too H. heavy to bear, iking impfe?seti"vith"the Glenwood, Sept. oO,T887. nece-si'- y stricrly- observrel its rule-- , as far as possible, though the bath was 4, in constant exthe of terror, , my consequences HOW TO STRENGTHEN THE cessive pain, iatigue and 'languor it MEMORY; also tor the painlul stillness which invariably "followed, though using, tis I thought; the Thurlow Weeel has given a most interesting Tcaution. One of our lady phvsicians, f i i rtfn tit who firmly bflieves true religion his memory. always agree, advised the tree use of alcohol strengthening "When a. young man," says Mr. Weed, "I over the entire surface of the body aftereach 1nrl In nrlnni n recmlHr method for sf renrrthpn- ablution, referring me to this item contained ing my memory, and I hit on one that was very in the word of wisdom. I took the advice of the Great Piiysiciai)', revealed anew to me effective. I got married in 1818, when I was working in Albany as a journeyman printer. individually through His daughter, herself' a In a few months I went iuto business, establishdiciplt! of the divine art of healing, and soon of my discerned that the bath, instead of being a ing a newspaper Tfor myself, and somennlif.-ins.' would' in friends thonflif pnroppf means of torture, became a source of pleasure imnre'ssed views stronedv I because nrohahlv mv i. ro m th a t y ii s well a s proh t. a me I g i a d u al y i 1 saw at once that jI me. about those oh liut 1 feel that have, found regained lost power, and n tiitn) u'p!iknos whieli T frinnfrlif. wmild at. le.'i-- f our- - "nf the hih--res, ?illd Mttr pre yen t it. My mC;ra eiry was a sei ve; I cou Id b'.gin h i ng to re;t i.e t he, iromise, 'That, a Dates, names," appoint Saints who remember to keep and do these remember nothing. ments, faceseverything, escaped me. I said sayii;g, walking in obedience to the comm shall r.un and not be weary, shall' walk -- to my wife, 'Catheriue, I shall never make a; successful politician. Fe)r I cannot remember, and not fa inf." ami that is ri me necessity of politicians A O T T have ajso learned through expertene-- that- "polTttclaniv wheTMesmari i'OHce should re'mern-"- .:r u i children suffering from any form of lung'com-j)laint- , - ues iiim ioicvcr." t vvijtr luui iucruiusi iraiu i'jy Or the weakness and debility attending X III UUlUt tlUUt UlgUb tllVI J . "1. 'summer complaints, are greatly-- 'bene fitted by I sattlown alone, and spent fifteen minutes trybeing well rubbed with liquor. More than fifty ing silently to recall with accuracy the princiyears ago the Lord again revealed. the first pal events of the day. I could remember but time as revealed .in the Apostle James, 5th little atilrst; now I remember that I could not chapter, 14th verse, and again through His then recall what I had for breakfast. After a Latter-daProphet': the virtue of anointing few days' practice I found Lcould recall more. the sick with oil. This principle was not acEvents came back to ne more minutely, more cepted at that time in the medical world, but accurately, and more vividly than at first. as since become uni versa ly acknow edged' of A i ter a fortnight or so of. this, Catherine said, the utmost value in all fevers, though as yet 'Why don't you relate to me the events of the but few believe that "the effectual fervent day, instead of recalling themjo yourself? It prayer of a righteous man availeth much;' wemld be interestingvand my interest in it The wo r lei may reject the fact- - of an open would be a stimulus to you.' Having a great channel erf communication between the Creator respect for my wifo's opinion, I began a habit and His children, and particularly Cone:ernin of oral confession, as it were, which was con-ti- n bd this but can 1 less temporal mutters, ueel for almost fifty years. nothing Every night, than an insult to the r emntain of all intellithe last thing before retiring, I told her everyand thing I cemlel remember that had happened to gence, who is the same yesterday, has forever. His. power :not diminished, but MIC, 'L UUUUt vuv u Ul IJJ i a vxitjuuj the I aTk of faith compelled Him to withdraw recalled the very dishes I had had for breakfast, His revelatious from the children of men, but dinner, and tea; the people I had seen and what He ha again spoken from the heavens, He is they had said; the editorials I had written for still the giver .of every good and perfect gift, paper, "giving her brief extracts of them; and the tiay is near at hanel when every knee Imymentioned all the letters I had sent or re- i must' bow and every tongue confess the Lord, ceiveei.i anui iime very i' . j as nearly useu, language and acknowledge His hand in all things. as possible, when I had walked or ridden Sun Flower. told her everything that had come within m lni-erald- thee-- to my ...The. world can never jjive Nor from my heart thy image tear; It rests secure 'mid life's alarms, A shrine,, and .tacred image there. 'No human- sounding-line- -- The secrets of that i.unkss well, Across the crowd our glances meet, , ith laughing lip, no long drawn sighs,"'. But incur inmost boul.s we read, The lad unbrace of pining eyes," Naming us kindred, fond and dear, In some past time, in some lost-sphere.- : ' GOOD-BYE- good-5y- e, - . it is ! do we say It when the tears are starting?. . V hy must a word so sweet firing only "pain? the' parting, " Ourjloye seems And then we feel it impotent and vain' W hy. . ,,. - -- MjyGo'd bVwT:F,you ! Oh, may Jle guide, an4 bless, and ever, He who, is strong to battle with your foes; Whoever fails;-iiilove can fail you never, And all you need He in His wisdom knows May God be with you ! ' lietter than earthly presence,' e'en the dearest, Is the great blessing that our partings bring; For in the loneliest moments God is nearest, And from our sorrows heavenly comforts spring, f God be with us. . , good. bye, with latest, breath we say it,' legacy of hope, and faith, and love; -- Paring must :ome, we cannot long delay it, But, one in Him, we hope to meet above, ' If (iod be with us. ejood-bye- A 'tis all we. have for oue another; Our love, more strong than death, i, helpless still, For none can take the burden fiom h s brother, Or shieldcxcept by prayer, horn any ill .' Good-by- e " May GoU be with you4 " ---- ' ''-- ';- the sweetest blessing That falls from mortal lips on mortal ear, The weakness of our human love confessing, The promise that a love more strong is near . May God be with you , Good-bye- f o Eljzaijkth Lisle Saxon, - c Sep-tembe- . canJtU s : ari-n- ,TVgT- - - Selected. p, e ' i 1 . - - 1 1 -- oex-asione- ut-nio- st 1 1 thatH-ieneean- I 1 1 1 IT-s- i 4 1 SUGGESTIONS. In the word of wisdom, revealed to the Prophet Joseph Smith, Feb. 27tii,'l8U3, there is a leep mi ne of : wea ih as e y (on ly 1 partially explored, even hy the "Latter-da- y Sajnts,;'fqr whose especial good it "wan given, -jlany. beautiful- truths yet remain to be discoursed by those who medifate upon this very comprehensive revelation and seek for the same spirit by which it was given, for truly nune can comprehend the things of God, "but by the Spirit of God." In that day the Lord raid this revelation was "to be sent greeting, not by commandment, but the word of wisdom, by j)rconstraint, "showi ngioi tlTtf J WderflTironGoTFTnirc" temporal salvation of all Saints in the last for a principle, with a promise flays. to the adapted capacity of the weak and the weakest of all Saints, who are or can be called. Saints; but at the general helel Oct.. H. J. Grant, one of the mouth 'Apostle pieces of the Lord, to .whoa He has promised to give line upon line, and precept upon pretor the benefit ot Hh children, as cept they may require from day, to dasald, "The word ot wisdom is adapted to all, and it comes to us now by commandment, and is therefore obligatory upon all to practice the same in the spirit "' ' m which it was given." God designed man to live long upon the earth in health and strength, with power to labor and accomplish all He required of him; eemfe-reije- e 1 1 uid-menis- ,, a-p- - e 1 1 T y 1 1 "to-da- y' 1 i. a. A r, 