inrr .v ci m a m-- M the Rights X)L. 15. V!?im as women I know, Sh'ejvas-notjirett- Anh. yet all your best made of s'un.,!iine and snow Drop to shade.' 'melt to nought ia the ways, liile she's still remembered on" warm and cold days My Kate. in. the . ' Her air had a. meaning, her movements a grace; You turned from the hi&st to gaze ou'her face: And when you had once seen her forehead a nd mouth, You saw as distinctly her soul and her truth -' " . My Kate. . . let ,oue,' from, the c 'mm,ncv.inetit of the rtrgi,tjatum to the day of t lection, keep care-full- y ih uiin the course that he shnild .nursui attending (to" every formality to. m;uut:iin his his rights and (futiea politicaLstatus and txta-cis- of citizenship. . The foUowing are the names of jo members of .t!i.. cmnnittee in. attendauc?: Gcorize . . ... I k , .. infer-Twa- :.! 4 s O 1 .... -- well-define- d c " - - 1 . he-took -S- " " - - , , TO THE PEOPLE'S PARTY sub-committe- e, address to the people's paktv; of the . U tion, - r territory of utah. -- - Juror3anxi holdofSceiirthe TerTitoiTTweleer incumbent upon us, a3 representatives of the Pilri v trt Air&nt uttonlmn in nmft (if salient points of the new-- law, pointout me restrift v.uuo tr Ullu i lij uuoco auu unttauu yQr interest in the maintenance of the rights aua privileges of citizenship which are yet left ya- As to voters, the most cruel and sweep-jjprovision of the law is that which takes electoral franchise from the women of the erritory. Under its provisions no woman will 0e Permitted to register or Vote. As to male vter3 of the People's Party, there is no pro- - inter-People- 's Jt -- - L y let-an- of the recent conrressional leijislain relarton to "the nVht to vote, act as Vlevv tions shall be observed, by those to whom they are directed, fair treatment may be expected at w;ll the registration and polls, crown your efforts as heretofore. Should there be a disi)osition on the part of any to. curtail you in the exercise of your rights and priyilee3 as herein defined, you should repel any one mislead ijr dis-- such effoi't. nxjt courage you in the performance of your duty atihe present time. You are the majority of Your labors the people of this Territory, have made it habitabTeTYour representatives have governed and controled it, in your 1 8 17. T They ha ve been Pit? tkif hfullv si true 10 the trust imposed in tuem.- iuey are pntitlpd to vour confidence and support, should a change in the political control of thisTerri: involves is betory occur, the disaster which it In those districts where yond conception. such a fatality ha3 ovetaken the people, even for a short time, they have been made to suffer untold outrages at the hands of those who wer among usurped office and exercised po them. These things should be remembered by and-victor- present: - I pi i i iJMMjnt'.r, mchQ, Davis li (..umrv r.i.., Wm. f if. T. (!;iln aeiie-ueun- ty; r. , F. Y. l iiotuas I k . Chanm H, JUib ... f i ..... If;.h (luitv. r,d, 'iir...' ..,., r J.,lui f? U'i..,! .. T .i f 1. l T.. H.UX Vllia rYrim,.Well.--, Salt Lake F. County; Alma Eldredge, rfummit County; II. S. Gowaus, Tot le County: J t i iir w. ir uusenuerry, a. K. Ihurman and A. Q. Smoot, Jr., Utah County; L. V. Shurtliff.and Ihomas I) Doe, Weber County: and E. G. Woolley, Washington Couuty. - ine oincers are: uairman, lion. John Sharp; Vice Chairmau, Col. J. U. Winder; ccrttary, Judo- E. A. Smith; Corresponding Secretary, Junius F. Wells, Esq, Executive Committer: J jhu Sharp, J. It. Wiuder, J. F. Welis, E. A. Smith, F. Little, L. W. ShurtHlf, II S. Go wans, Vr. F. Dusenberry and T. F. - .... -- - ' Kiuche. . . E. G. Woolley, of Washington Oouuty, and it. V. tle bourne, of Iron Ctjuutv. Messrs. were elected members of the committee, vice J. M. McFarlaue au.l Edward Daitm, who IjarV-reniov- ed frftm-the-Territo- ryr JJefbre the adjournment of the Central Com mittee ihe executive committee were instructed to prepare suggestions for the better organiza tion of" the People's Party'in the precincts, and to formulate a circular for the instruction of voters. CORRESPONDENCE. ' ter and votes. Your attention is called to the communication of the United State3 Commissioners di rected to the registrars of election (a copy of which is enclosed) and to the interpretation of the law contained therein.. If their sugges When the members of the Territorial Central Committee of the Peoples Party assembled m the City Hall at 3 o'clock, Mond ay, April 4th,, 1887, the composed of fere, Junius.F. Wells, John T. Caine, S. R. lhurman, Thomas D. Dee and Alma EidreJge, appointed to prepare an address .to the voters, sported the following, which,;;after some discussion, wa3 unanimously adopted, and signed y the members . iv - i y e 1 " eyt-r- 1 -- .(t! - Letit not hi said that any meinber of the People's Party negi ced hi upportin.niy. Hut s ' . . rennrm.,l.3lief. The authMM.l Wrongest advocates of the bill in Con-- rs . maintained that , it, in no Wse, abridged the of conscience or curtailed freedom of nght oeiiet. that Accept interpretation of this oath and its, whole intent and Wpa are to Such a Nue inner light from her .. eyelids outbroke, violators actual of the law piuuiuu lrom vot You looked at her silence ancifancied she spoke; holding-office.or acting-aing, jurorsIT .? .'PL tins. questions that intending Voters "need The loudest spoke also, you heard her alone therefore, ask themselves are tliese: Ar iw My Kate. guilty of the crimes in said act? or.have we the I doubt if she said Jo much that could act you present intention of cornmittin ' those crimes. As a thought or suggestion, she did not or of aiding, abetting, counse rliii? or advisinr attract '' it In Jhe sense of the brilliant or wise; I !t n V fithor rnfin .. iu cumum tuemr l( .Hale jjciauu per her thinking of others, made v no can suns answer these question in the you think pf he- rMy Kale. negative can qualify under the existing laws a3 voters and office holders: Some She never found fault with you, never V may not implied word.-, "aid, of unuerstaud the Your wrong by her right, and the luliy import yet men at her side V 1. or counsel Grew nobler, 'girls purer, as advise." "Aid or abet" is a abet, through the whole town a leiral The children were gladder that phrase havingw signification J -' O pulled at her gown means to It assist the in knowingly principal My Kate. ' tne commission ot an unlawful act, As to ' None knelt at her feet confessed lovers in 1 Z thrall; - They knelt more to God than' theused, that was all; wuujum auu au vising,- no man in tne community is expected to couusel or advise any If you praised' her as charming- some asked what you person to commit crime. meant, A 1 w h o cansn bs c r i benroTlreal)o v'eTtl u tv But the charm of her felt was when she went presence calls to wakefulness and activity, lne puliti My Kate. cal control of the. Territory, of. the counties The weak and the gentle, the ribald and and the cities, still remains m the. hands of the rude, as she fouhtl lUem",. anddi'dTthem all good; People's Party, if you employ the power which It always was so 'with her see, what is left you. But there must be no backsliding have! you She has made the nor mdiiierence amon g you. You should nut grass greener even here, with her grave . Kate. My"' fail to exercise your rights and defend them. It is not a time to indulge in "bogus" sentiMy dear one! when thou.wert alive with the rest,T held thee the sweetest and loved thee the best: ' ment, tut it is- a time when every man, who can do so, should feel it his first and most And now thou art dead, shall I not' take thy part As thy smiles used to do for sacred duty to exercise the right to preserve thyself; my sweet Heart himself., and his people from political bondage. My Kate. Your ranks, depleted by an important element Elizabeth Barkf.tt Buownixg. the women voters cm, pe closed up and -strengthened if every man who is eligible regis- Nor 22. duty. iailu " issr. the- - voU-rs- ' of the People's Party, and they should' inciteevery iu i! to the performance of hi"s " J V , 15, law which need necessarily ' uuiberd. Tim. oath preeribe i therein, while m the nature of u test oath ami repugnant to the Wirit of " 'urtv m,,,! I,!,. 111 win iuus of frei government, whVii ev-e- y citizen snouid cherish, is- not regarded as a test of - 'i-- . of the Women of all Xatibis. salt lake city, utah, apiul MY' KATE :.c,-.- ... . . 1 g I l-c- - -- " Kirtlind, Ohio, April 3rd, 1887. Editor Woman's Exponent: If the intrusion upon tle literary domain of the opposite sex calls for 'an apology, I can offer two reasons for the' same. First, I am engaged in the same great cause as your able little journal the dissemination of truth. Second, I have very near relatives and friends belonging to that sex, one of whom took a prominent part in bringing me into the world, therefore, I feel under obligations to them. If it be considered a complimcint, it is certainly merited,ioiLir ulyJa.myjnissionaryT travels I have .een double the number Of copies of the u,x onent ior jree uismuuiion mau oi any rMTMiiiii in liik iiiLere.-iat npr s ncf-.r-. ui auu. as to andrisTe)rur noneTfiTsefficacy a promulgator of truth. I confess that until I came on my mission, having never closely perused the. Exponent, I bad far underestimated its value, in this regard. But no doubt your sex are accustomed to this treatment at the hands of all who undertake to place a limit- to their importance as factors m the sum of human ex- isterce. ror instance, consider the obtuse- ue3s of Pharoah's judgment, when, to impede . I .1 - 1 L I I I 1 . every male child drowned. .After eighty years of this unavailing cruelty, we find a nation where- - ; 