WOMAN'.s' EXPONENT; sionary field in England, in .1S40, she was living. Ajjjlh her sister in Liverpool, and those brethren were by them, hospitably entertained. - In that year she .embraced the Gospel," and from 'that to the hour of her death was a consistent and' Saint. She emigrated conscientious Latter-dato this country at an early day, and was married to" President John Taylor in 1547, at'Winter Quarters, after the expulsion of the Saints from Nau voo. She came to this valley in Pioneer year, landing upon the site upon..w.hich Salt Lake now .stands, October 2nd, 1847;" She has four sons and '' two daughters. .:, 'Sister Taylor was a most estimable woman, modest and unassuming in her nature her chief interest being centered in the proper rearing of her family. Having been with the Church in its earlier phases, and having come to this valley before it was settled, she necessarilly had to endure , many privations of a trying nature. She: bore them all with that Christian fortitude which was a leading feature of her, character. No matter what were the circumstances of heV experiencejn bat tling in unison with her respected husband, with jhe difficulties incident .to the development of a new country, no murmur of complaint eveFes caped her lips. .Her dying' hours were not .solaced by the presence of her husband, the latter being under the ban of a mistaken and cruel pc'ricy whicrT deprive; him of the exercise of his liberty and drives him into exile, but her friehds h.-- ye 'the comforting assurance that she has gone to a Sphere where she will enjoy tHerundisturbed. peace which is the heritage of the righteous when freed from the toils of mortality. Ex. 149 We hope that the Latter-da- y Saints of this city, ' and its vicinity will do all they can consistently to aid in establishing a good and extensive library, which will not only be for the use of the Fourteenth AVardvwhere it is to be located but for members' of the Church generA-Uythis neighborhood; Deseret Xeius y rupt nation could concoct, and it would not bind one Latter-da- y Saint, or hinder him in the perof-th- e formance duties that God has assigned him ' to tlo. May he speed the day when the hypocrite 'shall be- - separated from those - who - desire to serve him and keep his commandments. . . Ruth. ' T II E'O RY VS PR ACT . 1 C J- - NOTICE. '' Attend unto my cry;for am brought very low: deliver me from my persecutors; for they are Wronger than I. Psalms - - ; I Reports .from the Relief Society branches of this Stake are requested. to be: sent in by the 5th of March. Address Elizabeth Howarll, bit East, Fourth South St., Salt Sake City. " think the situation, of the Psalmist, David, was much like our own atthe present time, and if we ;ha've profited by what'we have read of God's dealRelief Society Secretaries desiring blanks, will ings with his people in all ages of the, World, that we have any history of, recorded in the liible or please send directly jo my address, 107, Main St., Rook of Mormon, we can but see, I think, "that Salt Lake City, and Save "lime." Stake reports are . i!. n tl'A' lli1frt uunc il. " u.ivc respectfully requested to be sent in by. March 20th Mjnicuuijg mat we ougntnot .to have at'the latest. done, or left undone; something that' we should have done."xin other words that for ouV Romania B.T'katt, M. D., Ass't Sec. is. putting it into the power of our enemies to persecute us. I think , we would do Til K THOUG UTS OF A D A Y. to leave our enemies in his hands, and turn jyeli 'ourattention to ourselves, and see if wc are keep-- " . C)h, dearU'di, dear! WhafihrrarWrleir his commandments anil those of our, own ing will. bo the end of all ihli noi.se and confusion? house,over whom we have cpntrol. Do wc live the How can 1 think, how can I work, when I can-nlives of Saints, or are we' stumbling blocks in the have time to think or consider my work in who of those arc weak the faith, who,knov-irirationally? Let 111'. setthi.iis Monday. AYnsh-in- g our profession, and .seeing our works, see day, baking day, .cooking day; everything that they do not correspond. It lodks altogether to be done in general. It is, "Mainina, where 'k1 h'4'- "TIir(i to medike-a laek of fajth-i- n tire jwomist of God mi' J'lu nncil4? "r-limfor us to hesitate one moment, when persecution teacher says I must have a new copy book this to "pursue, for he has morning." - "What shall we take for dinner?" comes, about "Mamma, here is a hole in my .mitten." "Wife, said, that when- we serve him our enemies shall the letter I received from Jenkins where not prevail against' us. I know some will say,"Oh yesterday?" The letter js produced. "Hand. we shall always be persecuted by the wicked.' penj paper and ink, for I must answer it Granted, but we have the 'sure word of God, which i!M.e spell? immediately. "Mamma, what, does never fails, that if we T seYvIimtlTeyZ'a aI must lire has and Now "Can." my gone out, prevail against us, .although they may,-- perhaps, kindle it again. Husbundhas gone to the scotT at and scorn us. Instance the days of Noah w'Ji. tljaJjabyv.)ij t.n wayLponL. whom God 'commanded to build an ark, in the and ink, shut the (loor, and tnen prepare lor which all those who would obey his voice should myjlays work. I ;dt myself down to think a I . rt. x, ! " 1 1 . 1 . . d trans-gressionj7o- ut g . -- I j what-cours- s FBEE LIBRARY AND READING ROOM. -- On Friday evening the first of a series of sociables washeld in the Fourteenth Ward, the object of a free library and reading room. The party-wasuccessful in every way, a refined and artistic entertainment being, given and the sumotorty dollars obtained as its financial result. We believe the project will rind tawr 111 most quarters. Places where our young people can spend an evening in pleasurable society for of their minds must have a beneficial tendancy if properly conducted. There should,in our opinion, be several of these institutions in this town in city, and one atr least in every populous Utah. Young people by these means may be kept from roaming the streets at night, of visiting resorts where moral and intellectual culture are. " 7 farthest from thought and practice. - 7 is case in this We understand that the intention to provide facilities for the youth and others litown people to gain useful knowledge and be taken erary entertainment. Care will have to that the reading room is kept free from improper attendance. tRules will have to be adopted, in the which is inonset, with this object in view. Jhat tended for .good may be turned into a vehicle of evil. But this may be said of everything designed Precau. forthenature,use and benefit of mankind. free tions may be devised to keep the institution " numoses de- m r irom evu anu pieacivc ,fn. fn thp r signed. . We learn that President Taylor as irusieeu . s escap'thedestr'uc the wicked. Out ot all that were then living on the earthjonly eight souls of them hearkened. to his .- theim-proverae- , -- 7- o-o- ' counsel, although they derided him and laughed him to scorn. We have no account, so far as I imknow, of his enemies having the power to prison, or deter him from accomplishing the work that God intrusted him with.. Are there not many, very many of our brethren and sisters who are suffering imprisonment and exile for the Gospel's sake? No; for our sins, as fully believe. Now ' I think we should not waste a moment in useless repining or,denunciatfon of our enemies ; they are wicked and corrupt, we knptf very well, but none but that kind would do as fliey do. Did a righteous people ever persecute their fellow men ? No but the Lord has in all ages employed the wick wl serve to scourge his people, . had he which him and keep the commandments given them. -- J when-theydid-- and forcible manner, by TTunareCTUOTtai--3'"------- - tor- - f rlnnation r-r- tO -r his the purpose in view. He has also expressed and reading room opinion that "A free library a most excellent inProperly manned, would be The words we stitution for the young' people." have placed in italics should be particularly noticed. Gifts of books are being received from various, thejr.oe-mentquarters,and leading men a'reWdorsmg forward to which we believe will be carried deserved success'. not Grayer is very esentiaf for a . Latter-da- y Saint, is-weak Saint who does my estimation it but say his nothing toward living his religion, for him, and I prayers. I would not , give a rush don't believe the Lord would. I think that when we reduce our professions to whole-souie- d Latter- practice and live the lives of butln .1 in a characteristic warainga nt c-a- -u - - .yainisQV selves" and do a' riew - r. ' . . . - 1 As my mind reverts to the difference betweenman's and woman's sphere of life,' an impulse seizes me to step outside the door 5tl) cool my I) row and (ill my lungs with fre.di air. Ah I feel the breeze fan my face, as it speeds swiftly" by, my. spirits vhk, and I feel as though' I could, if released from all these family cares, go forth into" the.. world free and independent, 'battling with the cares of this life. I .could measure arms with my brother man, enter the halls of justice as a lawyer, represent the in- terests 01 my sex m the nails or Congress, site upon the Presidential chair at Washington, and decide the national' alfairs with as much right and justice as President Cleveland, or I could with ele.arr wirht lfMislHip. r and "greater eunninc a I believe I could Edmunds. - than polygamy be quite good natured at all times and under all circumstances, if I were given the advantages given the sterner sex. Well, well; I have traveled "fir, and find myself upon a hill covered with rock, sage and prickly pear. As my feet are far above the surroundings below, my thoughts, arise above I drop down: upon ray the cares of knees' before a natural altar (a huge stone) and say, "0 God! my Eternal Father, the - - - to-da- founder- what God' has required of us, :.. t in quiei. inoiiieiHs of y. dieavennd-earthThoulwhomi- he thunder and lightning dwth obey, the Ruler of 11 V li rntmju uraw all nations ana people, wouiast li.itftiilo ihft nfttif.ion of an errinccj soul. jjoar-flial - ' "TSuTHireflife- nwe us when answer Help me to remember that Thou didst, through hearts, the Lord will hear and her from enemies, .toil and care, pain and death, lay the plan of and Zion will be delivered the cries salvation, whereby, in obedience to the same, for Vtestify that He is not slow to hear of all the humau family may again return to of His children, when they are in the path livThee and dwell in everlasting felicity. Help that if we were duty. And I believe ' me to bear the cares of this life with patience honestly and Saints of lives the ing .Father, and humility; forgive my complaining thiY our Heavenly before ,trujy a day." Methinks I hear a still small. voice say, might pass all the bills that cor 'that lUrmrrh hi i Qpfvants. that the love of God and . : . Congress .1 1 1 