1 V H, JI e The Rights of the Women of Zion, 'ami' the Rights of the Women of all Xalions. . SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, 10. Vol. Zion ! countless hosts Help thy cause behind the vail; Zion's friends are uppermost, Zion's Founderwill not fail; God His purpose will fulfill, 'God js Zion's refuge still.  ' r " steadfast be;, A'et a little while endure; Wouldst thou triumph and be free Let thine aims be high and pure, "Love of righteousness" must dwell In the hearts of Israel. not,-Zio- Because of little death-colfeet, for earth's Rough roads unmeet, I'd journey leagues to save from sin or harm Such little ft et; And count the lowliest service done for them So sacred sweet I d Fear-no- t, Fear 1 - r -- FEAR, NOT, ZION. NOVEMBER MAR Y ' KZT'l ' - TRAINING CHILDREN. ., Fear not, ion! watch and pray In the midst of cares and strife 'ATiiIeJyel6n,lasTf'ye"m'ay,'"' "The fruit of the righteous winneth souls is wise." ... : ! onward press, Matchless thy Redeemer's power; Weak the foes of righteousness Frail as e'en a fading flowor; Seem they now a mighty host? 'Tis but human .strength they boast. Lo, the dawn Soon shall bid She shadows flee; Tribulation leadeth .orr To immortal victory; j Fear not, Zion ! come what will, God will guide His people still. ; ' Many reflections pass through my mind with own. .regard to our youths, who are growing up in If we will give attention to all these things, Zion. , I can see that great responsibilities rest " upon parents in the way they train their child- ,joonverysoon"Z the whole and the fir tree and the boxren, from the time they can understand a look wood will earth," be brought up to beautify the home or a word.- - Their mind from birth may be of the feaints. 1 compared to a sheet of white paper, susceptible Societies. in Please read j to impressions madej good or evil. ; M. Ann Peatt. Mary As I understand, this instruction to be made Oct. 16, i8S7. upon the child's mind by the parent, is obedience to their commands. The imperative "no," should be given to its wrong acts, and the MORALITY ."yes," to its right ones. A frown should rest upon the countenance of the parent It is generally conceded to those who have to show it is in the wrong, and a smile to show made the subject-- a study, that the nature of approbation. To you young mothers, let me man i3 made of three distiuct parts viz.: the say this is a very easy way to govern your physical, the intellectual, and the moral. The children, without hard words or blows, and physical constitutes the material part of man's never threaten to punish unless you put that nature, and the intellectual is made manifest into execution, nd then not in anger, or for through the operation of the mind. It is to slight cause, but with calm and decisive words, the development of these two that much time, in reason, showing the wrong. Many a child is money, and thought are devoted. We hear a ruined by wrong tuition, and it is high time great deal said, from timeto. time, about eduthat we understand true government, first to cation. The little boy is told, that if he will govern ourselves. Of all people we should study hard, while young to gain an education, practice that which will result to benificent ends. the chances are, that, at some future day, he The child should be taughtnbt to destroy things. will be a great man. He is told t hat if Tie This evil is a growing propensity in our child study hard enough he will; prob3bly,rfill the valued use the them and teach of ren; every thing; position of president of the United States. when they begin to cry for things that they The little girls, too, are shown no less glitshould not break to pieces, cross therein their tering pictures of future advantages that await temper, and show tbemyour superior judgment; them; on conditions that they are diligent in teach them to be clean in their, habits, and this acquiring.a knowledge of a prescribed number will grow with their growth, and make you a of branches taught in school. Not only are , , - Salt Lake City. s ve Powers of darkness needs must rage; Dire "offenses" try the soul; Fierce the warfare all must wage, VVho would reach salvation's goal-Ro- ugh "the way," but wh can sum, All their bliss-- who overcome? Fear not, Zion Pkoverbs," xii, 30. " What if woes beset the just, Thick as sparks that upward fly? Fear not, Zion ! put thy trust Aiways in the Lord, Molt High; Saved from many a grief and snare, All who cast on God their care, J . ! tree of life, and he that , For the needs of mortal life Watch! "for all wh run may read"-Th- at "thend'' is near indeed. Fear not, Zion is a time if we have it not in our own. Then let us all strive together to hve happy homes, lovely and obedient children, not be selfish, teach them to be humane and generous, to take every burden off the shoulders of the aged and infirm. And yotryoung boy from ten to four-- " teen y ear3 of age, foil r" or fi vc get together ...every tenth day and clean out all those obnoxious burdocks, and woods in the streets, pile them in the middle of the street and burn them up. You can pay tithing that way, or poll tax; and, oh, what a satisfaction it would be to see our streets" made clean and tidy, and poor widows' gardens cleaned'' up, and your . ELT?77 ! n No. 11 , 1887. Emily H. Woodmansee. less trouble dear sisters, never counteract the com And, mands of your husbands to vour children, but great-dea- l MATER DOLOROSA. (mourning, mother). teach them to obey and respect him and his word. WhatT have suggested here can begin to be taught to your child before it can walk or talk. When they are old enough to work teach them industrious habits; keep the body, well balanced with Che mind; activity brings-health- , Because of little low-lai- d heads all crowned ' U ith golden hair, Forever more all fair young brows to me A halo wear: I kiss them reverently alas I know The stains I bear. ! Because of dear, but close-shholy eyes' Of heaven's own blue, All little eyes do fill my own with tears, V hate'er their '. hue; And motherly I gaze their innocent Qear depths into. ut - physical growth and perfection of their children. It is, undoubtedly, a source of intense and teach them wealth; order; pleasure for parents to contemplate the beaustrength this will make labor easy, and lay a foundation tiful and well formed bodies of their offspring, to build the character upon, and their moral and to see the .fruits of their cultivated minds lives. "Train up a child in the way it should made manifest.- This; in a measure rewards is when old and it not from them for all their watchfulness and trouble. go, depart All these provisions for the development of the it" Let us not form these vague ideas that our rising generation, both mentally and physical- children cannot accomplish what we have done ly are very good and as they should be, but before them, and have surmounted, barriers there is still another education wnich should that will fall in their way.' While they are receive even more atttention than these named full ot life and vigor, labor will strengthen and "without which, an education,' in .the genertheir more noble instincts and their minds to be al sense of the term, often becomes a curse inled to fill a life of usefulness, and not idleness, stead of a blessing to its possessor This educathat leads to crime and misuse of time. What tion consists in the culture and development of a pleasing sensation fills our minds when we the third nature of man known as morality enter a house where. there is union and a well and which directs the other two in a right disciplined family, each doing their part, and' course. It is that course ot action which conall, striving to make one another happy. science dictates as the right course. It is is Here where our heaven is to begin, in the that which would guides one to do his duty to family circle. If we see this order of things at God, to his fellow beings, to himself, and to our neighbor's, it only gratifies us for a short the lower animals. It is that course of ac- - , : it-w- . -- " Because of little pallid lips that once My name did call, No childish voice, in vain appeal, upo .My ear doth fall. 1 count it all my joy their joys to share, And sorrows small. all the scholastic advantage which they" afford to give them,but it is with equal solicican tude that they watch with a jealous care that no accident befall them, or anything from infancy up to maturity, happen to them which is liable to injure or mar, in the least, the ill 1 - - -- Because of little dimpled cherished hands, W hich folded lie, AH little hands henceforth to me do have A pleading cry; clasp them as they were small wandering birds Lured home to fly. " . f -- 