WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 61 3; Life 'is very critical. l a 1 oxran Any word may be our v mnuir 1 Frilk-Son''S- I. 1 " ; alive petty Would quarrels, year after year, which a manly word Would we pass any day would compose? or old friends on the street without neighbors . ... ui lauua-- buzui, recf'oniiion.- uecause vi loaft-lo- we-iv- jiy? eep 1 - u rt-i- some wounding of pride, or some anciet grudge? Ur would we De so chary 01 our Kind words, our commendations, our sympathy, our comfort, when weary, hearts all about (Joi are breaking for just such expressions of itlterest or appreciation as we have, in our power to give? Man ford's Magazine. NOTES AND NEWS. Mrs. Nellie Grant Sattoris and one of her children have arrived in this country Tor a Visit.- . Queen Carola, of Saxony, bas established a free kindergarten for the benefit of children of poor laborers on her estate, Sibylleuot, .where ihe annually spends part of the summer. . , The author of "John Halifax, gentleman" (Mrs. Craik), well presents in the Forum for September, a woman's estimate of the distinctive mental and moral characteristics of men. modelled after Wei lesle- y- and-- v a.saiv-T- . 4- 1 . - .. -- . Jdie'jUoJ ; 4 Women, according to W. T. F. Donald, a prominent business man of Atchison, Kan.? have revolutionized the affairs of that State, and made it one to be proud of. lie thinks the next decade will see women voting in every State in the Union. PitUb urg Despatch. . Mrs. Dr. Ellis, an American lady, is physician to the Queen of Corea. She has apartments, in the royal palace at Seoul, and receives a yearly salary which is equal to eighteen thousand dollars. She is expected to visit the queen daily, and remains in call when Her Majesty is indisposed. " - Hancock says that once. when the General felt called upon to entertain half a don Sioux chieftains, she helned him in his task by playing the piano for them. The music evidently nad power to please, if not to'.'soothe the savage," for immediately negotiations commenced, through an interpreter, to nurehase the. 4,big captain's squaw," along witli the music, lapie lieaas, robes and blankets were first offered for the exchange. When the "big captain" rejected these, sunnosinrr rhn in- duceraents were not sufficient, they added au uumuer rooes and 01 iuuicnscu r"""5 trinkets of all kiuds. Their indignation and ais3ausiacuon were apparent, and quickly iuauC cviuan uy iueir leaving me house in Indian file, without a glance here or there, seeming deaf to the interpreter's appeals to return Ex. Eleanor Morris, away rand that a disgrace for him to talk or listen to any stuff that he would be ashamed to have Tirzah Ann or me to hear. I have brought him up to think did'nt consist in having a cigar in his mouth, and his hat ori one side, and swearin' and slang phrases, and a knowledge of questionable amusements, but in ry layin' hold duty that comes to him witli-- a brave heart and cheerful face; aud helpin' to right the wrong and protect the weak and makin' the most and the best of the mind and soul God had given him. In short, I have brought him up to think that purity aud virtue are both feminine and masculine, and that God s angel's are not necessarily all he " that-manline- ss Committee. Died, at Mesa City, Sept. 3rd, 1887, Emily Elizabeth, daughter of John H. and Emily Pomeroy, aged one month. c E.K. THOMAS EAGLE EMPflRIUI SAI.T LAKE CITY. The Leading Retail Cash HCorj.se EE THOMAS IDJTXID TAMES - 6c CO., TINNERS, GAS,WATER& STEAM FITTER3 - . Samantiu Allex, in Southern Cultivator. Helen S. Abbott, of Philadelphia, ha3 been elected a member of the Philosophical Society in that city, of which" Benjamin Franklin was Patents hye bsen granted to women durin founder. the six women of one have the week ending Only Aug. 9, 1887 as follows: been eleeted during the . one hundred and '. I it r 'TAun9 C Spencer, Exit Greenwich, R. I. , s existence. vears 01 me The twenty society Ti-'l.i:.f 1 , I" ,1 n . nrst iauy was rrauKiiug iritnu, me rrincess Dashkofi'. The others were Mrs. Mary Sdmer ' 'Pri""11 W' TrabUe GirarJ- baling Mrs. Maria Mitchell, ville, 'Agassiz, and Mrs. Carl Seiler, of Philadelphia, author of "The Voice and singing!" Miss Abbott is admitted OBITUARY. for what ehe has done in analytical chemistry. " ' Agent for RUMSEVS celebrated LIFT and FORCE PUMP.. Pump3 Repaired on short notice. Orders from the country promptly responded to. i sr Adiro:i. DAVID JLUZ2, Soi 303. 8ALI UIZ CITT. Special to the Ladies. . . Sarah Russell, . it--- wa3 of-eve- ones. . worse, for strengtVto-ru- u o . Ann Peterson, sarah m. pomeroy, I have brought Thomas Jefferson up to think that it was just a? bad for him to listen to a girl,--or OF RESPECT. : Mrs. , . . -- JieJiad-mof- tor tall)2 mcomorated.' and-w- ill - - in charc-ei-n raise $750,000 in real estale and cash: RESOLUTIONS ( Whereas, Our Heavenly Father in His infinite wisdom lias taken from our midst our heloved sister, Emily, - t Resolved. That we. the members of the" Mesa Relief So ciety fettl to tender our love and sympathy to the memory . of our departed sister. feel to Resolved, That in this our great bereavement we in humble bow and sub of God. hand the nrlnnwlpfhrA mission to His will, but realizeNhat In' her we have lost a TruFfnelidiTlfaTtliful laborer in the work of God. Resolved. That we hereby tender our love and sympathy to tht family of the "deceased, and express an earnest desire that the Hdly Spirit will impart comfort and consola tion to them in this" hour of cfeep affliction. Resolved. That a copy of. these Resolutions be sent to. the family of the deceased, a copy sent to the Woman's ExroNENT for publication, and also placed on the bociety records. r . Women are acquiring recognition in quarters where one would least expect it. A cardinal of the Church of Kome has been in consulta-- . tion with the congregation of missionaries at Brussels concerning the establishment of'a seminary for theeducation of women to be sent to preach the Gospel in the French possessions in Africa. The cardinal expressed hi a rrmyi ra tion thju Avomen were better fitted than men to. convert the "African youth. From' St. Petersburg comes word that the minister of the inte- riorha3submitted to for the establishment of a university, to be managed on the plan of that at ileidelbersr. where women may be taught the higher sciences,-includin" medicine. Ex. bad story. or.a song as for a he y -- . . "ihe standard history of. England in the twelfth century," Dcsird, Charnay's "An- f tha Voir Wnrl-- " ranolo laA Ktt' . a O i ht? rr.i. o. t ,rtuonino aim ixeiun d. sonant, arm iui-- s Alma btrettell s translation 01 N3pannh and whose work receives en- TfHlian thusiastic praise. The' works of Miss Norgate :n.. nrl 1'. ii.il are tn.L.j 1... uy luacminan anu:iiss oireiieii fjuuusueu A Co. Botton Bcacoh: is voted nun luuui- ji.ua nfnfVmav hp. forever. "If this truth were but burned into our consciousness, and if it ruled 11 i! in mm uu,1 an rn rnrtfOf as a deep convicuuu, jwiru.m ..., e. JlVcSi nuum ib- .h'" y 11. it Would our human relationships.'' pot maKe in far moro tender than Ve sometimes are? on our rash Would it not oftentimes put r a riu 11 and impetuous speech.' Would we carry in niir hpnns the miserable suspicions and jealous- ies that now so . often embitter thi fountain of our loves?- - Would wo be so impatient 01 me Would wo allow trivial faults of others? bemisunderstandings to build up strong walls tween us and those who ought to stand very 1 friends to mourn hti loss. days old, and a host of loving her bright smile, won her Always cheerful and pleasant, friends wherever her lot was; cast. She was a faithful, conSaint;' was a member' of 1he Relief Sosistent Latter-daciety, and for some time a Counselor to the Stake President cf the YfL. M. I. A., but resigned on acqount'of ill healtR. Was Treasurer of that organization at the' time of her death. She died full of faith in the Gospel, and looking" forward to a glorious resurrection with the just. "England Under the Angevin Kings," which MAKE FRIENDS. . . - AT TEASDEL'S pioductlons , ' Will be found the latest styles and in ;,'. . Ex. - The apostles of woman 'should not fail t j notice that the leading reviews in the London Alhcntcum of July liU are devoted to hoAi done by women, namely: Miss Kate Norgate's DtED, at Mesa City, July Sth, i837, Stratton, the Movd w,fc of John Hkell Tomeroy,Emily born in Engll od ' Ca!nC t0 SaU Lakc with ParenU a mere child. She was left at the tender age of two year" Uhout a mother's care. She leaves a fond an3 de husband, and four children, the youngest a babe " . h" cf x LACES, RUCHES, - EMBRODERIES, FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES, And an elegant assortmenf of iDK,ir fc'recial o-ooD- S: department for Ladles' Misses' and In-ant- Shoes. 112, 114, 1167118 East Temple Strt 's 