WOMAN'S J4 EXPONENT. this bane of their life and suffer1 severely from a passion that can only be conquered by a willing Krt;nr tn law. Rifrht here make doiq 10 state that there is less distrust and suspicion ex hibited in the families of polygamists than in the families of monogamists; the howlings of the rinr.and the Christain world to the con-- . it that: the two spheres, though dissimilar in many occupied will pro respects, yet'when-legitimatelduce n.o jar or friction whatever. risked myself the question I have sometimes Is the condition of women upon this earth an ab time feel in any normal one, degrtevhafeverjealous ot ner nusDanar jna . . . trary notwithstanding. again, can a passion so destructive in its character Marital infidelity in monogamous families in the and results be a part of her nature? and here 1 Christain world is the rule rather than the excep-- . confess I am.stopped for want of a philosophy to tion ; while marital fidelity in polygamous families answer my question to my full satisfaction and my Saints is the exception (and among the Latter-da- y intuition upon this point is sadly at fault also. To say that jealousy is an outgrowth of love I a very marked exception) rather than the rule. the one is the Hence this cause, of jealousy is so far removed. do not believe for one moment,-fo- r term petty jeab very antipodes of the' other; dissimilar in every "True, there may remainwhatwe ousies, that have their origin in trifles tnat are not respect. Love is confiding and trustful; jealousy Vorth naming, which the best of us feel at times. is suspicious and distrustful. One exhibits an en annoyances, wnicn are more ouen me resuu or tire absence of selfishness while the other ex hibits it to the highest degree. Love draws; physical conditions than anythingelse, and conse quently but short livedl"and therefore not necesjealousy repels. Love would sacrifice its own life for the object of its. affection; Jealousy would sarily destructive : in their character. But the murder the being it mistrusts, and glory in the jealousy of which I am treating is most destruc tive; for if the individuaj who is a victim to this vengeance, claiming it had committedthe deed because of love. The two passions cannot operpassion does not seek the ruin of the person of whom she is jealous, then it is like a consuming ate together for tiiey are antagonistic to each other, her own bones producing untold misery, j and as exhibited by mortals,-ih- e one seems to be. fire indeath comes to her relief. It is a passion of God and the other of the evil one; for while the until one tends to life the other leads to death; and as. capable of extinguishing every other feeling, re Solomon says "Is as cruel as the grave," while ducing its victims, to the condition of abject ''love is stronger than death." slavery, arid holding them in" the most absolute ' Jealousy, as far as woman is concerned, seems bondage. to be tracable to the time when she was placed In this one instance there is shown the superiori under a ban by .the Almighty in the Garden of ty of the Gospel of our Lord, and Savior Jesus iMcn wnen ne .saici, "iny aesire snail De to tny Christ, a" dispensation of which is eommitted to husband etc," which desire we cannot view in the us, imparting as it does power to the individual abstract only as a curse and unless this feeling is who receives it to overcome all things and the held under strict control will always prove to be Revelator John "says of such, that they shall eat SUCh. ... of the tree of life, which is in-tmidst of the Man's unfaithfulness to woman in the keeping which of was tree God, paradise closely guarded rC K t c m i r Iri i rro xtr tire o avIiikltA 11 fVilV, m y UiV when Adam and Eve were driven from the Gar HlV dill UUU mous relation has fanned the flame of jealousy den of Eden, but to which now, after having over and caused the fire thereof to burn with such income, they have free - access, and, by eating the tensity for so many generations past as to almost fruit thereof, will "live forever." preclude the idea of its ever being extinguished. Aunt Ruth. Woman's distrust , of man .has become an estab. lished tradition, leading her .to question if the time will ever, come when a consummation AN INTERESTING GATHERING. so devoutly to be wished" shall be reached? In honor of Mrs? Sarah M. Kimball, President --We answer, yes. That time-w- ill eometrid will of the Relief Society of the 15th Ward of this ; be. brought about by the' power of the Gospel nn--dwhose influence man and woman will be city there was an interesting gathering at the Re brought back into the presence of God, freed not lief Society Hall, where a few invited guests par ticipated with the sisters of, the ward in expres only from the power of the curse but from the sions of esteem and love, and in social enjoyment curse itself; which,as Lview itjbelongs exclusiveat the same time. There was singing and a prayer, ly to a tallen earth. The provisions of the Gos- after which a written address was read by Sister" pel are ample and cover the entire ground over which the curse reaches, or in the language of the .Elizabeth Duncason, who is the President of a Committee in the Society, and during the reading-poet "Far as the curse was found." .One of the memorial picture, in which many of her provisions which the Gospel makes is that a iul man is entitled to more than one wife and ers in the ward were handsomely grouped around her, was presented to Sister Kimball as a token of strange as it may appear the acceptance and practhe tice of this very principle will secure to us victory-ove- r high esteem in which she is held by them. this passion as nothing else will; for if its Sister Kimball made a loving response, inVhich' as our practice, opposers claim, naturally tends to she said, "The sisters have captured me, and I am the strengthening- of this passion .then may we for the time being their subject; this representa- tion of friends will, when located in my home, be question its heavenly origin. In proof of my position I will appeal to those of my sisters who a precious memento. I desire to be worthy of the have received the doctrine as from God, and who love and appreciation so beautifully expressed." have entered into its practice with this faith in Appropriate speeches were made by Sisters M. their hearts and ask you, If you have not obtained Isabella Home, Bathsheba W. Smith and Jeanette thereby a power over this passion which you could Yates, expressing love, respect and appreciation. not have done otherwise? I Iknow the answer in Sister Ann Duncason said she had invited Sister: Eliza R. Snow Smithwho, nearly every instance will be most emphatically not ble to although ' in the affirmative. Then in this regard are you attenJiadnKherUQ gradually coming out from under the curse, and the sisters, and felt to bless, all who had so kindly most that,toq,upon ttye simple principle imaginable. remembered their president. - By subscribing to God's law. For, instead of beSister Elizabeth Duncason expressed her ap ing jealous, you esteem and serve, all the more the of Sister Kimball's labor's;" and that she preciation men who honor this had been a blessing to the sisters associated in the Those of my sisters who in feeling and faith ward, and to her especially. are opposed to this, principle but have yielded Sister. Rebecca M. Jones thought there had thereto merely from a fear of doing wromr, they generally been a very good feeling among those" are y in a greater or less degree victims to who had labored together for so many years as a 1- - Uth - -- he . . r-- - - 7 U-- - V KJ er - co-lab- or. - . " ,'- laJ to-da- nuorum of sisters, and that their; president had been very efficient In directing the efjonsf. those associated with her, and hoped she would .'live those among v long on the earth to bless and help Whom she was called tojabor. Sister Zlria D. H. Young spoke for a short time and said' she thought if the sisters would unite their faith she would like to hear Sister Kimball bless the sisters in the gift of tongues. Sister Kimball expressed a wish that .the Lord' would give her His Spirit to bless the sisters in,' that gift; and she then spoke in tongues, blessing all. Sister Young gave the interpretation, wnicn was full of instruction, comfort and blessings to ais. the Lois M. Morris. missed with prayer by Sister Refrushments were then seryed, and after all had oartaken several songs were sung. Sister J. Jones sang, "Take me back a child to mother;" Sister M.' Lois Morris sang, "Ever of Thee;' Sister C. Schoonhalls sang "An Alpine Warble;' Sister Jones sang, "I cannot sing the old songs" and "Auld Lang; Syne." The sisters then joined in singing, "Hard times come again, no more.'' Thevhad been conversing much upon the early' days in the valley, and the hardships and priva tions of the people during that period. Dismissed with prayer by Sister B. W. Smith. ; , as R. S,, Y. L. M. If A. & P. A. REPO UTS RICHMOND. The Eighth Annual 'Meeting, of the Rich mond Primary Association was held June 1st, 1887, at 2 p.m. A short but excellent pro gramme was rendered b the littlechildren, consisting of song3, duets, recitations an4' dia logues. Our Primary Martial Band, consist ing of eighteen little boys, under their efficient leader, James Davenport, who takes great interest in teaching them rendered some sweet selections from the Primary Music Book. The same officers were sustained for another year. Stake Prest-- , Jane Jb. Molen, was pleased to see so many aged people and parents present. ' The little boys in Richmond are always to the front. Congratulated the Primary Band for discoursing such sweet music ActiDg Coun. hmma Pike said we should be kind to the aged and infirm. "Be good boys .and girls, and God will bless you." Instructive remarks .were made by Sister Martha Williams of Smitbfield, Sister Cornish of Coleville, Hannah T. Brower, Bishop W. S.- Skidmoreand Coun. C. Hyer of Richmond. Hannah 1 Brower read some original verses on the Erimary Band, after which Prest. Mary Allsop asked for the faith and prayers of the parents to enable her to teach the children the principles of the Gospel. A good spirit prevailed, and all enjoyed themselves, and felt that we had had a feast of "' fat things. Statistical and fiinancial report of the Rich mond Primary Association, commencing June 1st, I806, and ending June 1st. 1887: Num ber of officers, 7; members, 225; total of officers and members, 232; average attendance, 100; meetings held, 49; cash remaining in treasury trom previous year, s j.4U; cash received from members during the year, $5.80; proceeds from Primary fair70lCl5; received from Relief Society, $5; donations from parents to Primary Band, $20 80; proceeds from theatre, $36 65; " . xytsjuurseuieuis: raiu lor writing materials, $1.25; to Stake Presidency, 50 cts.; for instruments for Primary Band, $49.50; presented to leader of band, $13; paid fur tuition, $3; material lor costumes, $15.55; total, $85.80. rroperty on hand, $10. ' tuitti, iqi-ov- . . Mary Allsop, J. Heekicks, Prest-Latie- Sec. ; 