71 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. are faithful. I pray God to help us in this our ' hour of ueedi and that we may not have any inorefto pas through than we can endure." Mrs. B. W. Smiih said, "I have been blest in hearing Sister E.- R. S. Smith talk to us. We have been blest of the Lord all the time; in" our greatest afflictions, when we wen prayerful wa enjoyed ourselves and were happy. Oil r in view the light' if trials will us. .1 have no fear but that glory that awaits this Cnurch is laid on the right foundation'." Prest Home said, "This1 has been a good tor the womenr of Ziou. We are living in (lay i i r i . J . miiacira iiiivb per- the; last (lispensaijqn; K f lormm .u iuo vnicAnn inn rf thia htirmii'ifT thu laud: the Lord is blessing u-- in our; holy re ,ligion;we" have been cast out as evil, but it don't hurt us; we know we have the light; we have a grand prize in view; we are suffering not near so much as the Savior did when He was on the earth, and our hopes are to dwell with Him in eternity; we have to come up through much tribulatiouur saivation iA sure if we are faith fuh She also asked the sifters to try and contribute a mall sum each to bur ; destitute sisters in Mexico. until December. Conference adjourned, Sing- inp "The time is far spent, etc. Benediction (J-Ho- - 1 .n - ! v .uu.u., Conference adjourned until 2 p.m. Singing, "Did you Think to Pray?" Prayer by Mis. M. E. Irvine. -- by .Mrs. Mary Freeze. y. E. Howard, Sec i. a. Jj.. m. Minutes of the Young Ladies' Mutual Im provement Conference',' held Sept. 16th, 1887, Prest. M. A. .freeze presiding, .upened oy singing, "Gladly Meeting. Prayer, by Mrs -- Zina D. H.Young. SingingBeautifyl Zion." Minutes of previous conference read and approved. The semi annual reports were also read. ' " - - barah M. Kim ball addressed the meet- 'iog: She thought more of the young ladies should attend the Associations, since mutual improvement comes through ehanireof thought. Referred to marriage, and thought the object of marriage should be thoroughly understood Mrs. Zina D. li Young said, "Man is at our head, and will be for eternity; but we are al lotted our work, and should magnify that work . Shekel erred - to the as much as possible. revelaTfon given to Emma Smith, and ad viseil all to read it. Mrs. Lucy Kimball Smith said she had en- joyed the remarks, and preferred to listen, but being called upon she felt to do her duty. Thought we should pray for the officers of the Church, and uphold them in their actum, and we should never oppose a principle of salva-tion- . " 1 Mrs. Weilerfelt for herself that this is'tne work of God; that we should be more faithlul than ever before, and that God will pour out His Spirit upon us. Miss M. E; Cock said she experienced barrassment in addressing the assembly, but Refejt highly' edified with the proceedings. ferred to the marriage covenant, and thought the one solemnized in the Jemple of God the only legitimate one; thought it highly necessary to have a good knowledge ot religious science in preference to other knowledge. Mrs. B. V. Smith wished the room were full at this conference, but supposed schools kept many away who might otherwise attend, She had seen harder and mere trying times in the Church than no, and thought we should not complain.. Plenty to eat and wear, and comfortable homes are great blessings, and were not enjoyed in some trying times that were past. , "It ,we embrace the principle of plural marriage, we must not grumble at the trials it brings, but be cheerful and obedient at all times."" ; a Vi,h . .1 at vened s - - liss Edith Sampson made it a; rule to respond when called upon, consequently found herself in this trying position. "We should we andvinodern. " "i- y r p we-kee- notice small things; we should not desecrate the Sabbath day; we should be exemplary Lat-- ' .ter-daSaints; we should gain knowledge. is education? The training of the huWhat man mind; but if we "could not educate in everythiug without disloyalty to the Gospel, I would rather have' the love of God than all the knowledge of 'seminaries." She urged the young ladies to learn housekeeping, as good health ami happiness depends on it. She closed .her remarks by saying, "I ask God to bless you and pour out His Spirit upon you; do nothing to grieve it away. You can't consider seek God at all times, for He is. a jealous God, and we should put our trust in Him, no matter what the trial." Mrs. J. said she had come to get her spiritual and bodily strength renewed; thought nothing so pleasant as to vmeet with the young ladies. looped God would give us retentive memories and understanding, that we 'may comprehend the Scriptures, both ancient nd 2 p.m. attend, 7 Sioginjr. ' loo imjiiiriTt--y"MJ 'f we cleave unto God, seek to do His will in all things, we shall be able to stand whatever the ... Lord suffers to come." Prest. A. M. Cannon himself as f iho. meolhm 0 con- - Prayer by Mrs: .Buxton, Sinking. Prest. Mary A.' Freeze was the first speaker; said she felt the Lord is able to make the pleased to attend a. young ladies' conference. weakest strong, and would give her something Referred to the remarks of previous speakers to say. "Many think pleasure and rejoicing as instructive arid' interesting. He referred the only objects of existence, but we came here to the relative positions of man and woman, for a purpose, not by accident; we had a Eacli:.has an important work to do." wlien weTpjoiced" at the prospect of saying, Spoke of a mother's influence over achild, and coming on the tarth, and now we are here we how exemj)lary her conduct should be. He mist do our work weli. We need to struggle related instances of the power of early im-- p for faith in God our minds are naturally regions, and was isteued - to with great., d rawn to the earth, and - we m list-- d raw- - our interest. mind- to God.",, She thought we should pracConference was then adjourned for three tice what we teach, "so we should place ourmonths.. Singing, "Give usroom, that we selves iu a position to teach every good thing. may dwell." Prayer, by Mr-- - !M. A. Freeze. We should not fear the punishments inflicted Lizzie Smiths Sec. 7 bv men, for what, are they compared to the wrath of" God?" WEr.KR STAKE. Coun. M. Y. Dougall said, "Let us live our The Relief Society Conference ofWeber religion today and every day of .our lives, and relive if Stake their' dthersto was held in the Ogden Tabernacle, Sept. influence, possible, ligion. When we stand befdre the judgment 8th, ,1887, Mrs. Jane. S. Richards presiding. seat of God, theretwdl be no comforting joy On the stand were Prest. L. W. Shurtliff and like that of knowing we have kept the com- XVuuselo'r, two or three Bishops and Counselmandments of God. Our religion should be ors, Hattie C. Brown, '.Emily Shurtliff and dearer to us than any thing else in the world; others. Meeting opened by hinging, "Now let thought we should educate ourselves, for the us rejoice." Prayer by Bishop Gale. Singing, daughters of Ziou bear the souls of men, and "And are we yet alive." Minutes of the preSemiif we want the sons educated, we should educeding conference read and approved etc. cate the daughter,". annual reports of the various wards throughout Dr. Maggie C. Shipp Telt to endorse every the county were read by the Stake Secretary, word that Mrs. Dougall had said, and felt that showing the branches of the Relief Society to every true woman must acknowledge the right be in a flourishing condition. man a3 the deader, and that she should obey Pret. J. S. Richards was weak and ill in --him in all things body, but was than kfu 1 to God for strength K-s b each one rj.tais-- wi t h re given her present once more with her sis- We tentive memories, thai; ters. Was we 11))! eased with the full reports. ' may treasure up useful knowledge, y Spoke of the anniversary of the' organization Prest E, S. Taylor .said , that as we have of this Society ten. years ago last July, which with us Sister E. R. Snow Smith and she had hoped to celebrate, but could not, . Prest. A. M. Cannon, she would not occupy owiug to the sickness and death of our beloved the time, : but before resuming her seat she President Taylor. Said she often read the wished emphatically to impress upon the minds minutes of that first meeting, when President of the residents-tbat their proper-positio- n' Young w7as there, and derived encouragement is on the stand, and they, must take their positheretrom. Gave the sisters some kindly adtions there without being reminded specially of vice concerning their reports. Said she was it at everv meeting. She also gave instructions pleased to announce to them that Sister E. B. Wells wa3 present, and knew that all would be in regard to married life. Mrs. L. R. Snow Smith said, "It has been a edified in listening to her. Sister E. B. Wells' was delighted to long time since I met with my young sisters in o thankful-tGod ior be present at conference in this county again. this capacity, and I am he we i this privilege, have re instructions Spoke of 'Sister Eliza' R. Snow Smith's im- ceived will do us no good unless we put them provemenf in lualth; said she had just recent- m practice. 1 tie .Lord has a, great work for ly been out of town, rode in a buggy eighteen the daughters of Zion to raise up a healthy miles, and she hoped yet to be . able to attend love generation. A mighty (jod is with us, if we conference in this county. She sent-headhere to Him. You young ladies want to to all the sisters. Spoke of the great interest cultivate health in your bodies; it is to be la that was manifested in these organizations of mented that so many have inherited weaknesses ours throughout the world, and on the Sand- wich Islands some of the sisters had walked of body, but in a measure you can overcome miles to attend their last It S Conthem, by living the laws of life, and health." thirty-tw- o Said the youn could not expect healthy bodies ference thrr. Felt to bear testimony to the when they are out night after night exposed to truth-ofthis great work, .and to acknowledge r:: the cold.- "These may seem small matters, but thd hand of God iu all things. Thanked the , sisters for the very liberal donations they had a healthy spirit cannot prosper in an unhealthy body. Early1 impressions form the character made to the Deseret Hospital, and especially of the child, and. often the mother in little appreciated the labors of Sister Richards,' and . her earnest and untiriug efforts in benefitting things sets examples of dishonesty. Establish firmly the principle of stfjcf honesty, and that institution. , have a foundation as high as the heavens and Sisters Douglas and Maycock each reported as broad as eternity. Our God condescends to her society in a prosperous condition, and said - ex-press- pre-existenc- ed e, -- 1 - -- - - . . that-Cjod-Wiiu- to-b- -- id e- - " to-da- y -- -p- . - , -- , r ; 