WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 29 men who are liable to ; stable; unless indeed-thdepartments for the present, although it isthe in. bitibns, if at all correct" are decidedly womanly arrest should willingly accompany her to a court and when she assumes anything either in speech tention, also, sometime in the near future, to have of justice or to.jail, for her physical inferiority is or conduct that does not legitimately belong to a Medical Superintendent, but there.: is. a 'good not adequate to this task, unless we except those herself: and that, too, in the strong corps of visiting physicians, who are always her she unsexes female Amazons that are only few in number and and is therefore to that ex- ready and willing" when called upon or assistance t j ratio of such departure . . for which we ought to feel very thankful. is rccmired, to come and;do all' intheir power. Atent outside of .her proper sphere. Neither is the. judgment seat or the jury box any Poets have made of woman an angql,. while, The Board feel very grateful to these surgeons' d; part of woman's true sphere for besides many, and physiciansj both men-anwomen, who haver satirists among many other things have declared potent reasons that might be named; that-ste- rn from time to time, attended .operations jind,so her. to be an enigma,neither of which is essentiaHy justice, so necessary to be so often administered correct. Revelation teaches that there are elements fnrth. and thus riven time and valuable services seems to me altogether foreign to woman's nature and influence to the Hospital, which is still, it may within her, which, when properly developed, will take her far beyond any angelic condition er sphere, rand the weighing of evidence, too, often so very be said, in its infancy, and'has had rather a hard conflicting shonld, I tlriqk, be left to man whose struggle to keep up; but there seems a brighter while her true self is as plainly manifest as any demonstrated. philosophical turn of mindaclmirab.l fits him for prospect at present. There are many of the other fact when properly both of these positions. I am not considering at is in the union of the sexes or the uniting of members of the Deseret Hospital Association this time those corruptions arid wroDgs so often that have not vet paid the annual fee of member- - woman with man, where the true study of woman exhibited by man, which might be elaborated at commences; all'the other periods of her life are ship, and the President and Board of Directors great length but his very natural fitness for these would be very glad .if at this particular time, when simply preparatory to this grand climax of her positions as against woman and vice versa- .being and her completeness is not assured until ;in need of means, those whose they " Woman makes a most excellent tutor of youth dues are not paid, would come forward arid pay this goal is reached. Physical maturity may be and her services in a school board are of. the or send the money to the Secretary; Mrs. E. B. attained, it is true and so far .we may justifiably is still lacking in comgreatest value, while her very natural adaptation Wells, Office Woman's Exponent, Salt, Lake ..claim womanhood, butshe to the sick room suggests that a thorough knowlpleteness and this lack will always continue out City, Utah. New memberships of either brethren edge of remedial agencies would make her all th'e" side the marriage relation even should she live to or sisters, are also, earnestly solicited to assisUn be a century old iri this life," while" in the future it" . more efficient in this regard. From time jmme- this benevolent work and help sustain an institu- .....:n i:n marial ha&vvoman also heen reruVrnizpri as- thf mAra lrea n v f a It. ...Thic fart a c fa r a tion where the sick and afflicted may be properly relates to this life is recognized the world over, .most fitting and proper person to officiate in perinursed, cared for and treated by those who have ods of accouchement which position involves a the spirit and influence of the Gospel. among the barbarians as well as the civilized ; for most thorough and complete study of the science the spinster is generally made the butt of ridicule of physiology, together with some knowledge of, - and is often - held in more or..lesacontempt. anatomy; for ignorance in this regard becomes in Woman's true sphere then, is wifehood and mptherWOMAN'S SPHERE. many instances criminal; human life being .often hpo,d and everything pertaining to, or growing out sacrificed in consequence. But as to woman's The word sphere, although relating to a limited of these cpnditipns is her natural element. How adaptability to become a surgeon in general has ever improved these conditions may become in space, has quite an extensive meaning. The sun is called a sphere," and rightly, too; the planets the future as improved they will be woman's always been a question in my mind. This I think more legitimately belongs to the sterner sex, advancement is dependent still upon these two which comprise our solar system are spheres also, Those cases wherein woman has excelled in this conditions and is inseparably cpnnected therewith and therefore the earth we occupy is a sphere. regard are the exception rather than the rule. 1 The word also means, the circuit .of action, of unless indeed she should choose to be an angel, ton., that We, may claim,, and DerhaDs which is a condition very far below her- true , ,iustlv knowledge, influence or power; haying its bounds j . . - s woman opportunities lor me aeyeiopment ot this .' and limits. Were it possible to step off the sur sphere. There is incorporated in these two conditions knowledge and skill have been veryjjmited in the face of the earth into space,' it might be said that we had passed beyond this sphere, but we all past, but the answer to this would be, that had everything pertaining to her advancement, her this been within woman's legitimate sphere she know this would be utterly impossible, hence we future queenly power, as well as a fulness of joy for evermore. In short, all that woman could de are confined to this circumference of the earth and surely would at some period during the past six thousand sire or crave or ..could possibly enjoy in the eter-- . cannot go beyond it, at least not in our mortal years made exhibitions of the gift and in so is incorporated and emnities that are state. pronounced a manner, too, as to stamp her in this one instance at least the compeer of man, in two these bodied conditions, while all herhopes Our existence, however, is a dual one. For are centered therein and her fears and dreads in0 for nature will show itself despite all obstacles. while. the mortal partis limited to this earth and this mortal life areas inseparably connected ixow. my sisters, you cannot acuse me of selfish cannot get beyond itryet the immortal part can ness but must award to me that fairness which ..reach out into space, can gaze upon and handle, i nave sought to give this subject. Although I The clamor that is made in the world to day with as much reality and comprehend with as i ' n n n ltra Koan uafv. t,v.u ira. much certainty some things which we term concerning "WOMAN'S RIGHTS" is in many cjy tuuuuc auu nave noucea only a very few points among the many that might be ethereal, as anything that we know naturally as instances unwise and at the best relates to matters named, I have not taken an abstract view of the; pertaining to thi earth upon which we dwell. "Yet that have but a feather's weight as compared with those alllmportant interests involved in her being, question but a general one and again assert.that I are for the time being limited in our. knowledge and are unquestionably the result of a lack of firmly believe the legitimate sphere of woman is as well as in our powers. While we are in the ample for the development of all her powers, her midst of eternityryet our progress in. the knowlr true knowledge concerning herself. Thelhab- -sorbing question abroad is, "'Shall woman have edge of eternak things is necessarily limited and these bounds can be found all the pleasures and the right of franchise?" This is advocated with bounds are set from time to time limiting us in such earnestness and zeal that we are almost led enjoyments necessary to her well being both here our eternal progress within certainspheres, beyond and to think that her whole existence and Well being hereafter, and when the duties pertaining which for the time being we cannot pass no mat shall have been fully performed we shall thereto ter what our aspirations, or desires may be. depended uponthis alone, while here in Utah with arrive at that degree of fulness that constitutes the. franchise taken away from us by Congress Each woman possesses a separate and distinct eternal felicity, and all within the circumference any part of after having possessed it for years, we make but identity that cannot become of our own sphere. Therefore, WOMAN KNOW little ado, although we fully recognize the wrong This identity is desanother identity. THV1 RTF that has been thus inflicted upon us. Give woman intact through all tined to be preserved the franchise? Most certainly. In every State Aunt Ruth. the eternities that are . to come and has fitUnion the of and as well in of as it elements and the within Territory adaptation every civilizedworld the . of desi rest and --j ness to all conditions, both as pertaining Jo the part TIMEtY REFLECTIONS. in ballot we the declart the 'that hands we As we said the future. to as well as of women present are dual beings; yet is woman's physical prganism would be as safe, as it now is in the hands of man Aslant the misty morning air,through glittering. and although peculiar to herself in most beautiexclusively, and a little safer. But for the women circlets of rainbow hue, comes the glorious orb of of Christendom to enter the political arena at this ful harmony with her spiritual being. We are day peeping o'er yon peak, when time fraud entire for race of womankind and of the now cunning, chicanery, corruption-flits brilliant sheen o'er the teeming valley speaking casting ourish, would necessitate a cleansing first of while individuals may be in some respects dissimi-- ? below,where myriads of happy songsters are pour-- " Stables which the would individual be each lar yet as a whole Augean they very strongly prompted ing forth their glad welcome-i- n a grand concert of the task is to it the not and an other Hercuattempt although, single indir tuneful melody. Nature is all alive in radiant represents the wouldje vidual that we are considering but woman as a lean one. And all the world knows that woman's peaceful beauty, the discordant sounds of humaniwhole. faculty for removing dirt and filth is proverbial. ty are hushed, the fragrance of bloom, the sound few a are But there that man and allied anomalous some to women things have Although closely of gently rushing waters, the glittering dewdrops advocated that appear to me to be aliogether out as it may appear yet is her world or sphere dis filL my senses with delight, and from the harmony of place. For instance, a woman would make a of sight and sound, my tinct from his, as is plainly manifest in her entire spirit gathers. renewed life and being. Her desires, her hopes, her am- very poor marshal, sheriff, or policeman, or con- and strength buoyancy, and from my inmost soul e : : ...., . ,It ..- -- are-great- ly u -- 1 -- 1 . 1 r.l 1 to-com- e - 1 1 1 -- ; -- . . if-sh- . e snow-cappedmoun- tain 