WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 30 - and springs forth an anthem of thanksgiving whose develop praise for my birthplace, Zion.in "ment and progress my greatest desires are centered. "Her people are my people, her God my Aiocl , and under tne direction ui uuu servants all my labors shall be in union with those Io who seek to establish Zion in righteousness. MI1. small vnire whisDers. "Neglect not ftlo mnA faint and undeveloped thee." th r(t within ...... j though it be, its avenues of expression cramped and crippled through lack of training and use and the meagre facilities" afforded for education before the "desert blosomedlikt the rose'still a sense of duty is urging on to action and endeavor. Thus am I seated for a chat with the dear sisterhood of Latter-da- y Saints, noble, intelligent, faithful and" g as I know, them to be "with Improve-men- t our Motto and Perfection our Aim," let us reason together on subjects of mutual .interest' ana peneni. rreeuomoi mougui, :pcci.u wm mc press are still ours, though freedom of action and, expression at the polls has been most cruelly and unjustly torn from us by the rulers, of the great nation, who so proudly boast of their honor and chivalry to woman. Oh mockeryj Does the safetyj of - - a DeoDle r r or nation deDend on the vote of a few thousand women ! ,Then indeed is. the situa tion pitiable. Surely the grandstructure of American independence must be tottering when Congress enacts laws depriving women of the ballot which they for 17 years exercised in an n Truly we are the women of Utah" when the heads of our nation conspire to oppress us. Still we rejoice freedom wherewith Christ hath made us free; the principles of the Gospel so despised and foughr against by the wicked give to woman this greatest possible" freedom, and will elevate her to the highest pinnacle of honor and refinementjfor man is in the Lord and under not without God's laws their interest and advancement are equal, ''male and female created He them," and the Gospel surrounds women with a dignity and importance undreamed of by Emperors, Kings or presidents, and which they have no power to bestow, and while we are deprived of the right to sustain by our vote those whom we have proved to be our true friends in the past, we can still wield an influence for the right by teaching our children our sons the importance of sustaining the con- stnution ot our country and every principle of liberty, we can teach them tor abhor the spirit of bigotry and oppression that prompted the gross insult perpetrated upon their mothers, and like the .Nephite women, spoken of in. the Book of Mor mon whose husbands were under oath not to shed blood we can inspire our sons (many of whose fathers are now bound by an odious test oath lrorn wielding the pdwer of the franchise and whose mothers are disfranchised without the ceremony of a hearing) with faith and resolution to step forward and exercise the rights left them and Dreservethe government of mir fair tprritnrv frnm from' being usurped by the clamorous minority bent upon crushing out of existence those who have made this country habitable to them. Our experience in the past, particularly the past three years, has not inspired us with an over amount of confidence in the justice or mercy of ,our political rulers and the heartless Federal Officials sent by them to administer their cruel and oppressive laws. The Women of Utah Latter-day Saints have suffered too much from this class to throw any power or influence in their possession in favor t of those who have proven krfnwinrr tViUo themselves to be their enemiVs ' " wi the brave (?) minority have beseiged Congress to' strike the death blow at the power so much feared the ballot in the hands of a few thousand women. And to the shame and disgrace of our nation, be it said, her rulers yielded to their unmanly, ignoble and cowardly request. like Samson, we are shorn of our strength in one way, but we will abide the Lord's time, when this nation will again confer,unasked, the franchise upon the Women of - .v 7 ' .' : - : r Utah. Oh. mothers! let us be alive to the mighty re-- . sponsibilities of teaching! and training our child ren in the principles of the everlasting Gospel. Though we labor in obscurity and.' that is only known by the angelyet our labors are not in vain, if "we seek for wisdom and look to the future good of those for whom we toil. ; self-sacrihc-e, " ' . . r. . in-th- an -- 1 To-da- y, ol -- "down-trodde- the-wom- v self-contr- - irreproach-able,manne- The quiet, steadfast love that sought to Avin Some wanderer from the woeful paths of sin, These are not lost." Our daily prayers for wisdom, patience and and firmness, our daily struggles for. will all have an discernment to avoid temptations, influence for good. We cannot inspire our children with faithjf we are lacking;1 we cannot teach them Gospel truths if our own souls are not imbued with them; we cannot instill into their hearts a High sense of duty to God and their fellow men, if we are not guided by this important principle. We may teach our little ones to pray, but if they never see us bow' in humble, earnest suplication, wharwiiriravaii? We may plead with our. daughters to put away pride, while we toil in trimming their clothing and bedecking ourselves in many and fashionable changes of apparel. If we were seeking first the kingdom of God and His righteousness, would we not oftener lay aside our oftimes vain and unfrofitable occupations, that perish with the doing, and take our precious little ones in our arms and impress upon their plastic minds principles of truth that will fortify them against the snares of the evil one? Oh, we think we are ioo dusy, oftimes with our fancy work, to keep our" little ones employed, .while habits of indolence are weaving destructive chains around ' . them. More anon. " God-fearin- ---- "The kindly plans devised for other's good, ' So seldom guessed, so little understood,' . Sun Flower. RECOLLECTIONS OF, THE PAST. Who can realize how swiftly the tidel)r currentr of time is carrying us onward to our- eternal destiny? Never before did I see this subject as vividly as I did at the funeral of Sister Augusta Cobb Young. It seemed but a few weeks since we met at Pittsburg She was with a company of Saints from Boston; we were with a company from Buffalo en route (ox the same place. That place was ' Nauvoo. It was in the year of 1843. Our captain was Bradford W. Elliott; theirs, judging from acpear-ances- ,' was President Brigham Young, at this time President of the Twelve Apostles. It was the first time we had seen any, of the people .of Nauvoo. We were delighted to find ourselves in company with Heber C. Kimball, one of the Twelve Apostles, Elders George A. Smith and Daniel Spencer, the latter and his aged parents; also father and mother Alley, to whom we gave this title because of their age. They were going to Nauvoo to see their daughter, who was the wife "of Bro. Bates Nobles. . Sister Cobb at this time had a sick babe. We stopped at Cincinnati three days; during this time the babe' died. Since that time all "he above named persons have died; r only a and myself survive. Sister Cobb died Feb 2nd ' - - . 0 step-'siste- 1887. ; There were others of the company whose fate I did not learn, not. being as familiarly acquainted with them, excepting-onfamily by the name of Brown, at whose house we boarded while waiting m Buffalo for the company to start. My Ann Dunlap, and myself left Utica to join this company, which would start in the fall. Our parents had gone the previous season. . step-siste- r, .. When we arrived at. Nauvoo we found that they lived'on a farm out of the city. I went to see Sis-te- r 1 found her Brown, who had a sick child. comfortably situated, with food and fuel, etc., but she asked, "to quite unhappy. "How do you feel," see the Twelve riding around in, their carriages,', and we stuck down here in the mud.?" "Well," I the mud I am glad of replied, "if they are outof if and if I am faithful I will see the day when I can ride in my carriage " Lsaw nothing to grum ble at if 'I could have health. She did.not see the subject as I did, her child I inquired for them .got better, and the next time I learned they had gone to St. Louis. They only : two weeks. Nauvoo jn stayed 1 to see was Sister I well remember how anxious B. H. of mother Catherine Clawson, the Bishop Clawson. She was baptized in Utica at the time that f was, and left the next spring for Nauvfeo. I went east about sixty miles to visit my mother's youngest sister. Mother could not think of going Nnvtww--far wpit without bidding- her trt?oo.dbve. s Aunt Mary had two sons and one daughter. This .: . ...liU . cl. naugiuer was very low. wim inc cuiisuuipuuu. juv said to me, "You must stay with mother, she will be so lonely when I am gone." She had been raising blood for weeks; and was beyond the reach"" . ,1 f t .1 r 01 neip. j10iner consenieu 10 ici mc sidy; aim T" . . l 1. ni.Anfa f laf ivnn un cun tin r dUllCl iv Ann tfflif 17Ulliap disu Luuo,mi,u til I. was ready to go. She waited at Sister Mon the trade of roe's in Utica, who had: .taught-me tailoring. My cousin, Ann Maria Dodge, only lived two weeks, when she passed quietly away Peace be to her ashejs, for she was a good girl. She was twenty:two years of age, but knew nothing of the Gospel. Mother received the Gospel so joyfully I felt quite sure that Aunt Mary would; as soon as she had time to investigate, but to my astonishment she would not read anything, but insisted that her minister would (figuratively me all to- nierps, snpnkin -" & tpar , "Well," said I, i'then he must tear the Bible to pieces, for I simply believe the Bible." He came, and in a very genteel manner tried to show me my error. My arguments from the Scripture were quite ahead of his, and I am sure he saw it. He beiieved in election, and accordingly all who are elected to be saved would be. This ended the : i argument. My uncle and aunt were not able to convince me that our faith wasr wrong, and , finally gave up the idea of trying to do so. My sister came from Utica, Oaeida Co., to Glen, Montgomery Cou to say that tliere would be a company start, from Buffalo in September. Accordingly we soon prepared to start on our journey, and arrived in Nauvoo, as above stated, in the month of October, on the steamer Nautilus. ... M. E. Kimball. Salt Lake City, June 30, 1887. . -- - 1 1 T 1 i . 1 1 x m 1 1 1. ' 1 . -r- : 1 R. Si, Y. L. M. 1. A. & P. A. REPORTS. BOX ELDEIt STAKE. The quarterly conference of the Relief Society of Box Elder. Stake was held in the Tabernacle at Brigham City,'on the 14th of June, 1887, at 10 o'clock a.m. After the usual opening exercises, Coun. Olivia Widerborg addressed the assembly, and reported tho Scandinavian Society, favorably. Spoke of the great-mis- sion of 'mothersin ourhome, in our actions, in and every respect to set an example. Prest. Harriet Snow said we expected Sister Richards and Sister Shirtliff from Ogden, but- perhaps they would be here before noon. "It is our privilege to live up to the command tnent3 of the Lord; we are under 'a responsibility to the Lord and each other." Spoke of Sister Keller, President of tha Mantua Relief Society. "She has been very sick for a long time; let u '$ ' all remember her in our prayers." " 