S9 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. sisters would take a lively grain.. Hoped the interest in their organizations. Elder" J.' U. Stucki made some timely and interesting rearks, highly endorsinig the coun-6t- l of Prest. Lindsey .with regard to "saving tiraiu. Invoked the 1)le3siug3 oLGod upon all. Prrfih James H. Hart said there had been many inteiesting subjects treated upon. Thero has been a great.work accom pushed in gathering the Saints to the land of Zion. We should fearch for knowledge; a great many do not pray enough, but rely upon their own strength with which we toojnuchlhewillorganizations last forever; ;tynmtFwil ndie-are connected aud the oppressive laws will be annulled. .Spoke of the power of God made' manifest through .His servants Jrom. timo to time. Thought the tirao had been well spent; felt thankful for the privilege he had enjoyed of gathattending conference, and also or being ered hero with the Saints of God. ' Conference was then adjourned until the second Saturday and bunday in January, loSo. Sintrincr. "TheNXord Keigneth," Benediction by Bishop, John A. Hunt. . -- ' ' " Julia P. Lindsey, Prest, JNaijcy II. Huxt, Sec. pro tern. JUAB STAEE. . JT vuuicieiiue ui w,uaiicijy n..i the Juab Stake Relief Society convened in the Kephi Tabernacle, June 23rd, 1887, Stake President, Mary Pitchforth presiding. Singing. Prayer byp Prest: Charles bperry. i bingiDg. ." ,i . f Minutes oi previous conierence rcau ana ac ' mi rpv!i...!il. IRQ x Jiuiy-BiAi- - " A.-.-jiJ- -- u , .. " cepted. Trest. Mary Pitchforth; said, "Since our last conference two of our faithful sisters have de parted this life Sisters Eve S. Riches and Ellen Lsitb. We should cot mourn for them, tor they nave done a good work, and have gone to rest, bpoke of the trials of the bamts,and said, "There is a silver lining to every cloud." Exhorted ' all to diligence and faithfulness in the performance of duty, as the Lord would not do for us that which we could do for our selves. Advised mothers to study medical and works, qualify themselves to attend their cimaren in case or emergency, ana exercise faith in God and their children would be re stored. Prayed the Lord, to. bless all the speakers, that we might have a good confer -- ence. Sister E. R. Udall, Prest. of thc'Xephi Society, reported that Society: as being in good condition; tne needy were well provided for. :m ur ,r: j uuiu unicis as.. iu uui.ug nic tuijiuj s win no uu we would like to be done by in similar circumstances. We all expect to become old, and we should treat the aged kindly and respectfully, and make them comfortable." The Society had clothed seven persons for burial in the last year, and, she was very thankful that they were able to assist those who needed. Song, by Sister E. Grace, "All together once again." Sister 'Serena Aagard reported the Society in Levan as being in good condition. "We cannot perform our duty without making sacri fices. We should be one with our brethren, and work to do all the good we can." Stake Coun. A. L. Bigler had been sick, and was not. able to say much. She thauked the T i r. tt- i. . t ' anai i i Muiu ior nis mercies Diessings, ana ieitto do her duty in all things. Sister S. A. Andreus sang,: "The Mormon utr." - Sister Hannah Kinder, from Deseret, who formerly presided over the "Juab Socistv. said she felt bad when she left Juab Stake, but she' naaiound just as good a people in Millard Stake as there were in Juab. "We have" nd time to be idle, but must work in rearing our children and assist others." Sister Mary A. Pas3e spoke in tongues asd ' was to Sister Kinder, gave the interpretation. and was very comforting to her. Sister E. Taylor reported Juab branch. There were as good sisters in Juab as there were anywhere. Thev were doing all thev could to in building the Temple. They had no ' poor in their ward. Coun. Ann Midgleyr was- thankful to God for His manifestations to her. and' her family. She had seen His power in her family since wc last met in conference. Prayed that we might have power to rebuke disease and evil spirits. Sister Pitciiforthrejoiced.ialh(jt spintof the meeting and in the tongues given through Sister Passe. "Let us so live that angels will delight ta' surround us and inspire us all .the day long." She referred to a discourse'oi. President Taylor's in regard to politeness, "And to be ladies aud gentlemen; study the art of politeuess. Kiugs and queens will visit this people, and tht-- will have to be entertained." Wished the young ladies would improve in . "This people will surely come to the front, and women should advance side by side with their husbands. There is no excuse for ignorance; books are plentiful, and we - should - study- - the best books. Mothers can anpint their children and pray over them and apply simple remedies, and check disease before it goes too far, and if they are not appointed unto death they will recover." Patriarch J. G. Bigler said the remarks had been encouraging and instructive. .Wondered, if we were as careful as we should be in training our children and setting thejn a good example? Mothers, do not let your children run the streets jit night; watch over them; teach them the Gospel; great responsibility rests upon the teachers who visit at the fireside." PrestSperry said, i'Our sisters thought at one time that they could not come to the front and speak in public, but now we see them there, and they give advice that will benefit old and young. It is necessary to become good students, and prepare for event3 in the future. Thoso who stand faithful will be likened to The gold seven times tried in the furnace. voice the in sisters have no government, but there are men enough to carry the day if they j -- will do more prospectoff Utah hocominp' a State than there ever was be fore: The Lord is turning the scales in our favor." The Stake and local" officers were sustained by united vote. Singing. "0 God, we raise to Thee." Bishop Aagard pronounced the bene Conference adjourned for three diction. " months. . as-si- st - ! - y programme, previously arranged, was well executed bv the members i.of the several ward3 ' .l f i 'l'.i.o-i.- larougiiout me oiuku. xuit uusibicu ui cuuo, readings, recitations, organ solos, arid the reading of the "Young Ladies' Manuscript Journal "interspersed with short addresses by the nr-- The meeting was also addressed by toister . " ; u i r1.. tk Charles Sperry of thi3 Stake. Each gave excellent instruction to the young people, and showtd that these organizations were formed for their special benefit, and encouraged them to attend etrictlv- - to tbeirdutiesin the same. Verbal reports of the several wards were given, showing a steady improvement of those attend- ing the weekly meetings. Sister M. E. Neff, Prest., of the Nephi Association, tendered her resignation with regret, attend to her many on account of inability-tduties. Hcr resignation wa.r accepted, and Miss Lizzie Schofield sustained to fill that posi-- ti ' )n. self-culture- " "n:Lru nr. " v - .v -- The Stake and local officers were then pre- sented and sustained unanimously. After the close of the meetincr. the officers and members, and. other Jnvited guests, assem-- . bled in the Relief Society Hall to partake of strawberries and ice cream, prepared by tho young ladies in commemoration of the twelfth anniversary of their organization. n. hi in j j the eveningunder the auspice3 of the Y. L. M. I. A. Thfi ... f?avA fninvmPTif. r.lnspd vrit.li ; j M. E. Schofield, Sec . OCEAN LETTER. . their-iuty---Ther- el3 Atlantic Ocean-- , Steaji Snip " VfiscoNsiN," r 9, 1887. July Dear Sister Lula: The sea does not agree with me well, but I : J wno am L1..1 oiest wun goou, kiuuJ jrienus, neip mo to think of better things than my sick self; for instance, Brother Batty ha's suggested that if I would write some verses he would put music 1 1 1 1 tothemTaud we would The fol lowing are the lines I have written; my first at tempt at song writing: -h- ave-songrs SONG OFTHE MORMON MISSIONARIES. june, 1887. . : ; Fifty years, just, have pass'd since the first "Mormon-Elder"" r 'r7" T"' Went forth to Great Britain in these Latter-dayEndowed with the Priesthood, inspired from heaven, , r s, nephi. The aftereoon of the 23rd was devoted to the celebration of the 19th anniversary of the !Nephi Relief Society. An excellent programme was rendered, consisting of songs, recitations, toasts, instrumental music and short speeches. The annual report was read, which gave much satisfaction. It showed that the sisters appre ciate their calling, and are energetically labor ing to discharge their duties. The report shows $694.69 received, and 8372.16 disbursed. Wishing you abundant success in your labors, we are, in the cause of Zion, Your co-work- Mary Pitchforth, Stake Prest., M. E. Ti2As dale, Branch Sec-JUAB Y. L. M. I. A. The Young Ladies of Juab Stake held their quarterly conference in the Kephi meeting house, June 2ilh. 1857. Ine meeting was pre sided over by Sister M. E. Teasdale, Stake President. After the usual opening exercises ' of singing arid prayer, the minutes of the pre- A Y10U8 "Contereuce were read and approved. i those brethren started In June thirty-seve- n 'Twas Heber and W'illard and Orson, we're told; Apostles sent forth to teach Faith and Repentance, And then to Baptize, like Apostles of old. V In the same month and year the beloved Queen Victoria Ascended the thrcne in youth's fair purity; She still holds her queenhood, beloved by her nation is her grand jubilee. This year, eighty-seven, Our company now on the way to Great Britian, Expecting to witness the Queen's Jubilee, In contrast to those who went at her crowning, Lacks 6nla unit of .fifty and three. - " s But our mission is the same as the first one, To preach the glad tidings pf joy to mankind; And if there should still be one honest and humble, It will be our delight that stray sheep to find. to-d- ay Let us stand firm and true to our covenants and priest- , hood, on for and Jesus strength Relying support; No matter how vile or untrue accusations, May follow our message ia hamlet or court. And honor to Joseph, of God called and chosen, To bring forth the Gospel in these Latter-days- ; s 