WOMAN'S EXPONENT. , J 81 ffaiucn " is not ijuscn ui me iuav, "no coyld approve of the unprincipled course ' J whichvere predicted by the Prophet Joseph obsolete...!, -: yet taken against the ""Mormons" under the cloak of Smith. We know that the " Church of Jesus So you see, dear readers, we can call history to and law, particularly of the Edmunds- rengion Christ is established" in this land never more to be . , ,. . . . aid us in maintaining this beautiful holiday. It is i n il was rushed through the House winch muy sratterpf! nr mnvH nut nf it c .rl but. an e xpression, a f te r. all, of our natural love of with a "whoop and a note it down whose mouths occasionally water howl," like so mahy hoodGod and His goodness, to whom we owe the or : uncivilized barbarians,' instead of wise juras, over the flattering prospect of robbing the "Mor- rinrl springtime and the flowers,lind alf the resurrected -y-oe must hire pimlnerc-i oni. 7nrr tloir ot Human void Miiicimen, .mnn" rf fliIr beauties of this pleasant earth. Surely the tribute "JJ'"S feelings, ;and we have reason to be grateful that and with their rich fig trees, r Him to pastures, pleasant we pay through our love of May time will we are n,pt anrl hnmfs.j Temnlps dependent upon them. .. nor upon thririnrr ritlcc ...... . , I .1 " ti...iki. .viv-TJ L". I be acceptable offering. .political power for "life,' liberty and the pursuit of so many years of weary toil and sacrifice, and the nappincsfT, and that among the "fifty millions" "Consider the lilies of the field how they grow." lives of scores who laid the foundation, and are set up as a scarecrow to the builders, of these far- now resting under the peaceful sod of these valMysotis. anci rClt-ietowns, there are those who are leys. The fate of all who fight againsTthfs work governed by common-sens- e principles and would maybe read in that of Mr. Dickson, who with manifest and mercy bthers has conceived great things in imagination equity towards a!f classes WHO WJLL BE THE VICTORST without respect to their religious belief, over the extirpation of. the' "foul blot" in Utah, andjiave no sympathy with those who are in his mad zeal has signed his own political and .... One would think that the o'er wise and flippant against the peace and good order which Utah was death warranC Congressman Tucker is only' writers who have so frequently doomed 1'Mor-- - noted for ; before sectarian hypocrites and political another added to the scores , who have gone crazy monism" and the patriarchal order of marriage to bore rule. Think of the noise and scapegraces over the delightful anticipation of plucking up"Mor-monism- ," ' speedy death, would begin to reffect a little before cant that has been made over the enslaved "Morand he will not be the last. Plenty more : leaping to any more conclusions, at least till they mons" and the "one- - man power" in Utah, and: will follow in their .wake, and like their nredeces- discover .wrac bironger symptoms oi decline, as how sors will drift down the same muddy stream, and- ingeniously thegentle and" kindly hearted V they certainly have a most provokingly healthy Christians have worked to christianize the be lost in everlasting oblivion. While the quiet, "poor, appearance, which bespeaks long life and pros- ignorant, benighted and down trodden dupes," and unassuming people whose rights they are seeking perity, in spite of all the , efforts and chicanery of "win them back to the "the take "away," and are7 inflicting" with flrTes,Tm-- " to" Gosper!'' liberty of the shriveled and cankered souls who have tried .while scheming and plotting to take away every prisonments, and various other outrages upon the ' so long to prove them otherwise. iota of what we enjoy, and cannot be satisfied till weaker sex, as well as the strong, and in their The farces and failures which have been mixed they bring all these poor objects of charity (?) unblighted hopes, repeatedly set traps to gain their'" rather indiscriminatelyt and the chagrin of "the der the reign of an absolute " me vicious enas,"wni complacently-wai- K "same despotism.' would-b- e "Mormon's" of when When the first proposition was made to give the usurpers . rights, road that has been marked out for them to follow being beaten at their own game, have afforded us elective franchise to the "enslaved" . women of which. leads upward and onward, leaving the agi- some amusement in' the midst of our trials, as well Utah as. a means of making their escape from the -- tators in the hands pf the Great Judge who will as food for reflection upon the past, present and tyranny of the "Mormon Priesthood" it was never repay them with ten fold interest for persecuting ' future course of the people against whom the .dreamed that we could slight so tempting an offer, those who cling together in obedience to Him darts of the wicked have been hurled from every but would grasp the "bait" with eagerness to es who said ''Unless ye are one ye are not mine," cape from Utah's dreary prison walls to enjoy - The nation is threatened with greater and more quarter, though no just cause or provocation has who freedom that and so them. Those ever been proven ajrainst glorious nobly magnanimousdire calamities than they will ever have power to in offered the from of the hands "wolves of murder the about ly Saints. Its doom is gracious Prophet Joseph brought bring upon the Latter-da- y and his brother' Hvrum admitted that the law sheep's clothing.'This was the mission of Ihe sealed and the rottenness defies the physician's would be invaders of our national rights, but they. could not touch them; "but," said they, "bullets inY tin nrnrcc r n n cii'r !f missed their aim. Tffcloven foot was too visible, Tlnfthv"n4 1 1 can." Their worst enemies jvere men who had and we saw through their scheme at a glance, tution will be preserved through the united efforts been members of the "Mormon" Church, but and as we were the fools," of the faithful of this people who will be the only among had been found out in their iniquities "and dealt "judged though for We look ma the earth. of the for ones found who will have remained true to our any offscourings with for the same, and they thirsted nation's flag, and they will bear it off triumphantly. thing and everything, as long as sucn characters Prophet's blood. , fabThis is the "ultimate result," and it is nearer than Among the strong reasons for troubles in that are suffered to hold office. Laws have been some of our enemies have surmised; and they will ricated at the shortest notice to suit any and every day was the power and influence that the "Mor P-frol-nd-- a thend lead quarter s for muh greater demand e l r - u ni t e d - vo t e s .- case that would enabl3hem ta pillage to art s'werff-rnin-throuffly- -th m 0 0 the have in Church. than Utah. undertakers" Methinks "national "Mormon" pronounced They etc., and the Prophet had drawn around him some blooded and murderer the cold who have doomed to those innocent polygamy guilty, speedy firm friends among unbelievers, who were men of was "Mormon" for the little a are not death "Gret killed, Reaper' prepared guilty, seeing only influence, and they favored his election as the or of the one us His with work leave who thrice not "has would and sharpvestige right begun coming President of the" United States. His the will meanest ened fickle," as He hardly regard "public liberty, which they allow to some of martyrdom was deemed the death blow'to "Morthe walk that however sentiment" cravens and assassins Almighty's "great and overwhelmingly monism." The same 'spirit that prompted the foist them into office to domineer opposed" it may be to "polygamy," or any other murderers of Joseph and the Saints who were footstool, and even and insult peaceful" citizens, arid .they is what principle that He has seea-f- it to. establish on this- slaughtered in Missouri and Illinois, land of promise. No matter if "the popular fiat on the back for doing the bidding of their masters. reigns in the hearts of our persecutors to day.has gone forth." . Man proposes, but God disposes, But what conquests have been made by the the growing influence that they were gaining, and it is for ; to decide what shall be and what enemies of "Mormonism" is to us as much of a and the prosperity which they were In a fair way shall not be "within the. limits of a nation conse the true gospel is to those who are seek to enjoy, that stirred up the.jeaiousy and hatred x( myth as crated to all that is noblest and best in progress ing to stop its growth and future prominence be politicians and hireling priests. .. and civilization.'' fore the world by trickery and falsehoods, appar But "Mormonism" has survived and thriven H. M. Whitnev. for this purently the favorite weapons resorted to annihilated been has it it all, though through and who" of them have" ever escaped the scores of times infthe imagination of those who pose; rock which they prepared to split asunder the have marshaled themselves to battle against the THE CHOICE OF COMPANIONS. "Mormon" craft? Who can rememjper a time that for on from high revealed light and intelligence persecution did not give it a fresh impetus to push the salvation of the human family. Its followers In choosing companions our aim should be to . ? Which of them are displayand onward upward have been threatened with utter extermination, select persons better and more intelligent than we the greatest wisdom and valor, "our unrelent- ing for tested been t iYitr PYomnlA tiro miir rYr ArUr and their faith and 'courage have nun. itiuv.ii nave wno wdiicu aj uivm, half a century, but its strength has increased .ingioes, and thus belter ourselves. to demolish "Mormonism," in and trying money withstand to able 14- V.o l.rtan ca?H tVllf with its years,, and it has been vorif frultr i n A or the- - objects of their hate, who knowing their its it made by upon every attack "that has been sons may be known by the 'company they keep;--- to being1 "hoodwinked out of them, object rights, various oppdsers. They have long since proven for those who are naturally good will never be and will use every lawful means" to retain what their inability to cope' with it, and only made their satisfied, and cannot associate with those of an is their own and are wisely hoarding their strength own cause appear more 'diminutive by cominferior or degraded nature. . for more useful and humane purposes than seeking Association with persons wiser and better than parison. The the destruction, of their fellow beings?. dema' and" political The sectarian plate-passer- s ourselves inspires and stimulates, as it gives us a course that is being pursued by the nation the for extirpation gogues who have joined hands higher ideal of life, and causes us to seek to attain their instrumentality is nothing surpiis-- . though success some with of "Mormonism" might meet to victimise, a higher standard of perfection for ourselves. ing to those whom they .are seeking upon and artillery time were they to spend their Under such influences our minds cannot fail to have been looking forward to those days, as ; they time from one another, as has been their, custom become enlightened and our ideas broadened. We and to many more peculiar and wonderful events atthe vain in immemorial, instead of wasting it profit by the experience of wiser persons almost which are to transpire in the near future, all of Those set up. tempt to break down what God has :- I .... " - I HuVcu - t- - , V. VV, 1 L s -- " $ . " . -- .... - - ; . . a i are-patte- d It-wa- s -- lTt - , , ! nf , 