WOMAN'S EXPONENT. we develop the possess, .as also' LOJJfE. of a starfell" the word thpu wertgone I Like, the t An 1 a shade crosse heart, as a storm hides the dawn. And, as leaves hurry past on the wings of the wind,"".' Mid rain dropV(and tear drops), came swift to the mind Remembrances thronging, sweet witness to bear -Of thje liss of the past and the present's despair. Ljke echoes that linger, or dreams that enthrall, Come hovering '.round me their images all: The gentle, sweet kindness to youth and to age, To the lowly and nee dy ah tears dim. and clear, The voice whose sweet purity, bird-lik- e Sank deep in the sou las. wc listened Jo hear; ' The pictures that grew 'neath thy per.cil to view, . Still speak of thy spirit's, work, lovely and true. If I look through thy home thou art gone yet art there, And the silent keys wait for thy voice on the air. Nay, these rooms are not empty whenne we have known, Though invisible, still lingers here, 'mid her own; Where a ftved one hath been, there forever remains i Tliat spirit's communion 'mid memory's pains, ; 27 germof the Deity, which all our reasoning powers. Our Savior once said, "Search jhe Scriptures, for m them ye think ye have eternal life, and these are they which testify of me." Another one is, lie also fives a nortiou ot His bmnt to those who earnestly seek to know His will. With this spirit we will more readily eompre-- heud the linportaucejpf our mission to earth, and how to nil our positions properly, "lie judges us by the motives and iftteuts of the heart, and knows what motives prompt us to read,, or to act under all circumstances. Since this is our faith, could we yield to infi What enjoyment would we expect dehtyf from'' such a source of reasoniugr Could we. believe for a moment that any of the human family were natural born infidels? That they did not believe in an alwise Provi-- deuce, whose designs and purposes are for the good of all who wijl give attention to His Jaws, and who is no respector of persons, yet How often in reverie have I recalled He may be of characters? Yet all must live of fairest One night amid friends, Louie, all, and learn. refrain whose one " song I won Id ask7 Wh ich is the sane person? Sang' tenderly, purely, VVas't prophetic of after years' triahand pain?, The one who respects and obeys) the Bible, or 'Sad words for. young lips: "Twas the voice of her God, the one who throws it aside without any re -- I'lJove'theeI love thee.!.passundervthrodlil;, 4essons?-- I spect-to- acknowledge And another a songf of fair Italy's own it has beea a great comfort and guide that How it rose from thy lips in love's full, richest tone: to" me. 1 (lo not wih to loose that prop and Did it whisper again when- - night shadowed thy soul be left without any other to lean upon. You And lonely "Should doubts my heart control?" will notice those who destroy it leave you without any thing else as a substitute. Not only so, Love decked all thy years with its tenderest care, ,, but seem to say, "You need not trouble yourGraces, virtues and gifts made thy womanhood fair; self about the laws of God; we cau make laws Where music and footlights their votaries drew, " . ; to suit your caused that ypu must and shall Tfiyspul's living Tnelody thrilled thenranew; is voice the is sweet But the rapture hushed and stilled, obey." We find those who live by righteous laws themselves are better judges to set others The measure of life and Its triumphs are filled. " . .. aright. " ' Where the wonders and beauty and wealthy of- the world . 1 always prefer and wouldr vote for those In bounty are lavished, in splendor unfurled, rulers who obey God and .keep His commandWhere the beat of the ocean throbbed back to her soul, r - ments. I feel at home iu their presence, be "Where the billows of God in their majesty rolled, cause I know what, to expect from them, and Thy soul waited and watched. Lo across the white sand also what they expect from me. In applying The sun threw a path to the Wonderful Land, mind to the saviors laws or rule ot action our O'er the billows of sorrow. that washed the long beach we gain confidence in. each other which ouId A form seemed to come and a hand seemed to reach; not otherwise exist. O, sweeter and surer than earth love's dear tone " He was called faithful and true, and those The call and the promise that made thee His own; e :H ...i. tt:, t;laws, viu wuo setJK.- to l: nvc uuy xxis Far away from the wavering paths that we tread, jiariaiic uithe same spirit, and rejoice in the same advanceTo where bliss never fades, where tears never are shed, ' xnce more trod messengcrJedr-Uillhy-ieLment, and theywill surely advance. 'Mid welcomes the home of the Father and God. Itfay thlTLdrtl preserve me from being under the control ot those who acknowledge no God Ah! this picture I hoi J, which the magical sun or laws of God only those manufactured at will. "Caught and kept of thy face, of its chirms only one;, They are too fluctuating and uncertain to think Yet it lives as I gaze, till I see thee again,. of, much less to give attention to, or try to beEver changing in beauty., as Jhought changed, and then come acquainted with. Those eyes seem to answer as reading ne through fii-'h'- . ! ; the-page- . - . its-sac- - - ! ' : et - The heart nevcrquestions the friend that . M. E. true. O, its calmness and beauty half chide as dream, For the lips wear their seniles, and the loving eyes beam With faith, hope and charity steadfast and sure, "" Sweet tokens that halo the heart that is pure. Thou wert beautiful here, thou art lovelier there, Thy cross laid aside, thy crown now to wear. -- is Salt Lake City, July I Kimball. that we, as a people, are being tried, and that our trials will increase instead of diminish; and also, that we are surFarewell! 'til we meet, oft will memory bring rounded with temptations of almost every To the door of my heart on the night's silent wing, name and nature. Our fathers having had reSweet dreamy cadences, that Jullaby keep vealed unto them the principles of life and To the beautiful eyes in their heavenly sleep. salvation, saw the necessity of putting into . Augusta Joyce Crocheron. practice what they knew God had commanded; South Bountiful, July 19, 1887; and for so doing they and their doctrine came in contact with religious bigots and the many . . i t n i THE BIBLE. contaminating innuences inai were last nnng-inmankind down to a state of degradation This book is called by some people a precious, that is past all redemption. There always has and always will be a volumeby others a worthless production. And difference this of The first between truth and error. Holy men of opinion? why great consider it precious because from its sacred God in days gone by have been tried and perpages they study the character of our Heavenly secuted fflr standing up in defenseof truth, and Father, and His designs and purposes concernin many instances have laid down their lives the human since and it was the for the sake of that same truth that we, as a family; ing of an alwise Providence that His wnrrl people, are being tried and persecuted for. fehould be written, would it not be unvviso in us Because of our religion we were driven into , to neglect to read the same? , these once western wilds, and, as has been said, It certainly would be, for two reasons, one "we came willingly, because we had to." And of which i3, that by reading those instructions after having made the desert to blossom at the is an indisputable fact . . -- . . g . con-flictio- re-Que- st grading influence. .JVe have those among us Lwho are-no- t for-us- ,- who -a- re-ready andwilling to oppose U3 in everything we undertake . to do that would be for the benefit and advance- Jment or the human iamilw Ana nere we havesaloqns, where spirituous drinks are dealt out to all, both old and young, who will degrade themselves by going there and partaking thereof. Aud"also places for gambling are to be, found in those "dens or saloons, and there the" , unsuspecting youth are persuaded to indulge, to give way to these evil- - desires..And there profanity is indulged in, and becomes a common thing with those wh o resor t t here. No w, the question naturally arises, "Why are these evils and wicked practices carried on in Zion among the honest in heart?'' lam willing to acknowledge the hand of the Lord inSall things. The Lord has said that He" would have a tried peo- - " Tllo ' 1" The older portion of the community have been tried in many ways, and it U necessary that the younger portion be tried else. If we do no t taste the b i tier we wil 1 not be able to appreciate the sweet... If we. had no temptations we would have no trials, and therefore If we are particularly weak on some particular point, that is just where we are going to be tried; so it behooves U3 to be on our guard, and evexwatchandpray that we.will.not be tried be able to bear. "Blessed is more than we-w-ill he that overconieth." We should strive with all our might, minds and strength to overcome all. our weaknesses and and rid ourselves-o- f When Alexander the' Great imperfections. the had conquered world, it is said that he sat down and wept because there were no other countries and kingdoms for him to subdue. But, alas! he who was the master oi the world, at whose feet kinp and nobles lay prostrate, he who was esteemed the "greatest and grandest goneral living, failed to accomplish that all important fete, and that was to master himself, thus losing the commendation of all wise men, "That, he who governs himself is greater than he who taketh a city." He who will resist evil temptations and overcome his weaknesses is the persou whom the Lord will bless, sustain and be pleased to own. And being surrounded with so many Satanic influences it is our duty to heed the injunction of the Apostle Paul, when he says, "Above all, take unto yourselves the shield of faith, wherewith ye shall be able to quench all the fiery, darts of the wicked." And always remember that the tender, warning vnif!ft nf nnr (rnardian ancels' are ever striving rt o r to hush the siren tones of the tempting world. I pray that we, as young people in Israel, may be able to understand our true situations, and that we may put on the whose armor of God, and walk uprightly before Him in all things, and I know that the time will come when it will be said; "The victory is ours. A. Cazier. Truth hath prevailed. " 5, 18b7. TRIALS AND TEMPTATIONS. It de- red -- i- rose, we are again infested with the same n . Nephi. You carinot read history, unless you read it upside down, without admitting that woman, cramped, fettered, excluded, degraded- - as she has - been,has yet sometimes, with - one ray of-her instinctive genius, done more to settle great questions than all the cumbrous intellect o f the other sex has aehieved.TP?nc?e Phillips. Poetry reveals to us the loveliness of nature brings back the freshness of youthful feeling, revives the' relish of simple pleasures, keeps unrjuenched the enthusiasm which warmed the springtime of our being, refines youthful love, strengthens our interest in human nature by vivid delineations of its tenderest and softest feelings. and through the brightness of its ' prophetic visions helps faith to lay hold on the future life. Charming. - 