V WOMAN'S EXPONENT. his own son that serveth him. 4Ie will be mine," saith the vLord, "when I will make up '. .. my jewels."' . Let us read and . study our Bible, Book of Mormon and other Church works, that we mav be prepared when the Bridegroom shall come, Wpd . "is the prayer of vrtnAlv. 1 .1 - viT wee, '.waen sneseemea very tired and feeble. Thursday morning she was too weak to get . .On up. afternoon she r . XT 1 I . f" Friday died. She suffered none, andr8eemedtosIeep away her life. Her daughter was' tele graphed for and arrived- - just before - her -- mother's zjvr death; Your sister, K- - Orderville. j Jen 3EN. : , Thus has passed from us the most remarkable woman, in some" respects, the world has ever ShecMe uponlhejtagelpfractlye .kuown. life - when the mo vemen t began,; She was a Quaker woman about twenty-siMEMORIAL. years of age, teaching school in Lynnr tier conscience summoned her to leave everything To the President op the United States. for the slave's sake. It is impossible to desThe National Woman's Suffrage Association, cribe the situation. Slavery was "entrenched this committee, respectfully present to Jn the government and laws. Jt was sanctioned through by, religion and upheld by all classes of society. ' you a protest against that clause of the measure passed by Congress, which, All the traditions of the world were opposed, te) the speaking of women in public. rStill stronger whether in the Edmunds bill of the Senate or .Were the forbidding texts which imposed the Tucker substitute of the House, disfran"silence upon women." To undertake the chises the women of Utah. - cause of the slave was to consent to such mighty The clause relating to the disfranchisement s odds. to give up respectability, ease, of women has no bearing on the general merits comfort, the hope of a competence. It 'of the end sought to be attained "by the measure, quiet, was to. encounter mobs, to endure cold and since Mormon men are the majority of. the anti-slaver- y x anti-polyga- non-polygamo- retires and - the Princess of Wales fills her place. But the Princess U not the rose. She anTthe triurapK of jhe day .pAlyJIlPHit is darkened for those ladies who, arriving a little late, courtesy to the Princess instead of: "th ejju een n2 A ceo rd i n gl yd t seems to have oc-- z curred to some enterprising lady that if she -had her carriage gates e palace an : hour before they were thrown back, she would be in pretty good thneuAt the next drawing room some one fbetjtered this, being there r and five miniates early. The process has gone forward till now the clanging of noon from the clock-towe- r ofiWestminister is heard adown a long string- of carriages . containing ladies in lowest evening, dress, sitting stonily waiting whilst a mob of sightseers peer at at-th- e of-th- an-hou- " " them as mercilessly as if they were framed pictures of their ancestresses. ;- us . .It-wa- A writer in Lippincott's Magazine calls attention, to the fact that, while many .novelists have, treated of love as indicating divided JhnnprViiFdJat affections on the par t of men7 al most no one of voters of the' territd'jyv.' r. did not hesitate. She put her' Abby Kelley them has represented woman as. Hading room The women of Utah have tender shoulder to the work. ' Never for in her heart once, for devotion of two men at trie ' committed no crime. .Disfranchisement is re- - was there for pause I same ' years nearly thirty space time, or even of doubt as to 'which was served by the United States government for or rest. A Weaker woman, or one with a fibre entitled to this tribute. arch traitors. Justice forbids that such " a less fine, would not have Thackeray, who intior would attempted, mates that Laura Bell might have preferred penalty should be inflicted on. innocent have given up. To her the latter was impossible Warrington to Pendennis, had it not been for women. Think of the long years, the constant torture, the obstacle" of the former's marriage,. is the . Mormon women' and the and, the courage! Verily she is nearest to an exception on unflinching among the Christian women of Utah being thus disfranwithout a peer.- - Over the highway she helped more famous writers Thi3 is a tribute,, of chised the former for their opinions and the latto build, the slaves walked to freedom, and to the veness of woman course, superior positi ter for the opinions of the former a precedent over the high way whose foundation stones she in fixing her ideal, and adhering to it. That is estaonsnea suoversive or tne fundamental laid with bleeding hands, women are marching is an satire, as far as it applies altogether unjust of our and principles ' government, threatening to their equal rights.8 to the female sex, in the Spanish .writer who the security of all citizens. Thoso who remember Mrs. Foster fifty years . If Congress, deems it: necessary to disfran- ago will recall the lair and comely young composed as an epitaphiv chise citizens because of. injurious beliefs, disShe who lies beneath this stone x Quaker woman, whose voice, sweet and clear crimination between sexes 13 manifestly unjust. as a silver bell, penetrated to the farthest Died of constancy alone, r Fearmxrpprdsch O passer-by- f It has been held - by th e foremost s ta tes men listener'. Those who have only seen her in Of naught confaious dicf she die. of the nation that the right of suffrage once later years, will think of her as feeble, bent, exercised becomes a vested right. which cannot worn with the battle of life, and wi th a voice Trollope's favorites hero Jione whoi hardly-know- s be taken away. Gratz Brown once said , in hoarse from over use and much outdoor speakhis own mind as between two charmers. thfc Senate of the United States, that if the idea The in liberty's defense." ing, "over-pliethat suffrage could be taken away at pleasure world is richer and better for Abby Kelley Howells humorously hints at the cause of the inconstancy of his sex, when he says in his once crystallized in the minds- of the peoFoster. Lucy Stone, in Woman's Journal. "Indian Summer" that "after eighteen hundred ple, it would "ring the death knell of American years of Christianity man is 'only imperfectly liberty." , Mr. Vest, of Missouri on the 25th monogamous." Had novelists existed in the ANOTHER ART CRAZE. day of .this month, said, on the floor of the days of polygamy they would have found an Senate: "Suffrage once given can never be out of this dilemma for their heroes, taken away. Legislatures and conventions The latest art work among ladies is easy way would have macX lessened tb'f kvail-abl- e though it may do everything else; they never can do known as the "French Craze" for decorating stock for their stotka.Boston 'JIerdld. that. When any particular class or faction of china, glassware, etc. It' is something entirely the community i3 once invested with this new, and is both profitable and fascinating.. It and other privilege, it is fixed, accomplished and eternal. is very popular in New York,Bostonto" learn the W. N. C T. U. Thus everv argument for justice, equal legis Eastern cities. To ladies desiring china form of send an will placque(18 elegant Art., wft lation 'and the safety of our republican for a model, to- decorated, clause. this New York, March 9, 1887. of defeat the inches,) handsomely government calls for deWe, therefore, respectfully urge., you, as gether with a box ot material, iw coi,oreu ' : animals, soldiers, Kind Fkiend: in flowers, assorted American citizens, all of of the signs guardian rights to veto any measure coming before you which land scapes, etc., complete with full instrucWill you please call attention to the offer'of of only $1.00, The placque disfranchises the women of Utah. receipt tions, upon t the amount charged. a Prize Banner to the New England State, than more worth is alone . Devereaux Blake, Lillie outfit who encloses which reports the largest per cent of increase To'every lady ordering this ies interested in in membership, including regular and honorary Matilda Joslyn Gage, the address of five other lad : Caroline Gilkey Rogers, members of the W. N. C. T. U., and the "Y's;" ' we can mail our new whom to ' Art matters, Mary Seymour Howell, also the middle, Southern and Western State, we will enclose extra Art Goods, of B. catalogue Clara Colby, for the state which makes this report, with one d ' and without charge, a beautiful 30 inch, . Missouri Sarah Miller, the having largest per beyond the placque. Elizabeth Boynton Harbert, its in increase of cent membership, and one The Empire News Co., Syracuse, Address. R. in this respect d leads Shattuck, Harriette for the territory that Southworth, present year- --Thus, the weakest state Committee. iV placed 'on' at level, at the 'start, with the " A WING- "strongest. The banners will bTresentelT at "DR VICTORIA'S QUEEN Nashville, next autumn, at the annual meeting ROOMS." ;, of the W. N. C T. U. IN MEMORIAM. Please print this note and plead for a more as Queen Victoria s "drawing-room,- " A Mrs! Abby Itclley. Foster died in Boston, -at 3 o doek-i- n thorough canvas for namc$7 It- - means,-- the . to ladies is LK. Al Mrs. Mass.rat the home of her sister, spread of the total abstinence propaganda,' and particularly Butmore afternoon. the ' victory. Barton, with whom she resided, on Friday, late years-- the has not l ays been able that means ' Queen ' Yours for prohibition, January 14. The next day was her birthday. to remain throughout the ceremony. Perhaps, seventy-siFrances E. Willard. On it she would have completed on her part, her Majesty sufferance hours after Mrs. Foster was as well as usual until non-polygamo- Non-polygamo- ; us us this-noi- nt . . ' . -- . d - : " gold-tinte- ' :. . ur-"ingT- -hr TvTouisA -- re-cepti- on called-begtns- - x years. , 