WOMAN'S EXPONENT. tion, Artie Culmer; Duet, Lena Savage and Kate Dunbar. " ; . Sister Toone made a few remark?, expressing her .good feeling towards the children, and thanking them for their- - good behavior during the meeting. She then called two of the little boys, George Oltinger and Albert Romney, to the stand to make a few remarks. Both of. them responded to the call, showing their obedience to her by saying a few words. Sister.Toone was presented with a nice satchel by Sister M. Sharp, her first, counselor, in lf of the children.of the Primary. Presents were also given to the Secretary, Miss Selina Puzey; Organist, Kate Romney; and Corresponding Secretary, Lizzie Pritchard. Remarks were made by Bro. George Romney, Prest. Ellen Clawson, Sister Felt, Sister L. A. Wells.Bro. Salmon.BroT Savaere.Miles Romney and Dr. Ferguson.' r . . i? n t r j lueeung aajournea ior one year. Dinging, "Did you Think to Pray." Refreshments were then partaken of, after which the meeting was be--ha- dismissed. In the evening the parents and a few invited - guests met in a sociable capacity,' and the following: programme was carried out: Speech, by Bro. Romney; Recitation, "Tom's Little Star,' by Cecilia Sharp; Song, Fannie Savage; humorous rcadinsr. "Little Yacob Straus " C. W. Stayner; Organ Solo, Kate Romney; . Grand shaking of hands and refreshments; Song, Emma Simmons; Recitation, "How Miss Edith Entertained her Sister's Beau," Belle Salmon; Duet, Mary and Ellen Romney; Remarks, by Reading, Bro. Willis; Recitation, John Airmet; Guitar selection, Messrs. Ellis, Willis and Sim mons; Remarks, by Sister Presencfia Kimball; Address, by Bro. Puzey; bong, Fredrick (Jul mer; Address, by Bro. Stayner; Comic Song, Bro. Sainsberry; Address, by Bro. Dunbar; . . Recitation, Bro. Airmet. . . rt . C 191 your Bishop should be proud of. Your report excavating and examining some of them quite is excellent. One good thing is you have but recently, in fact he is not through yet. The little in your treasury; it h better to. give it to Smithsonian Institute of Washington are dithe needy than to lay it up. "'"Let us be humble recting , and not wait. for the Lord to humble us; if we Yours affectionately,. : . P. Robsox. serve Him in prosperity He will not desert us , in. the hour of sorrow." Sister J. E. llojen spoke yery encburaginglytl liuiiNiiAMr JNew Mexicopjuay oy loo . BrshojTMoIen testified to the' good work the Said, "I am Dear Sister Wells: Society had accomplished. Relief Society." Ho then preproud of our After saying goodbye at your office, I resented the officers of the Relief Society forjhe mained in the city until the 15th of "April" when I started bv train for Thompson's Springs, : officers were sustained as before, excepting Siswhere we arrived at 1 1 p.m., and were obliged ter Halversen and C. C. Hansen, who were to stay there two nights, in order to get released from their teachers as honorably duty Moab, Emery Co., distance of three on account of sickness: Sister M. Wirige was elected : a teacher. Singing. Benediction by to crosl before euudqwn, which we did in a 'Elder William Williams. small boattho wind blowing a regular gale. 2 p.m. Meetings called to order by Prest. We found kind friends awaiting on the opposite H. E. Elder . soon camo in fight of the little town. side,-anLiljenquist. Singing. Prayer by Nielsen. Singing. There are only a very few of our people here, Sister Mary Freeze said, "Every principle of and during my short ?tay 1 really pitied them, this Gospel is ennobling, and especially plural sucu a. rougu eitmcui.-The- re arejmrrounueu-u- y iney are some good, faithful sisters here, but marriage, -- I have no doubtr but that each one wants a celestial glory; to me there is no sacrithey are unablo to accomplish much with so fice too great for this. It we want this glory many things of an evil mature to contend with. be would not T was favorablv impressed must we with their school obey every principle. I out of it for all I have on earth or ever expect teacher, a very intelligent young lady from tho .i... i .ii.. t to have, not even if. I should have to lose my life. We women are now disfranchised, but if away from homc,Aa I had' been. I was very we cannot vote, we can use ourl. influence for thankful to find that I could, after a few days, continue my homeward journey, where I found good, and keep the commandments of God." the word the and of of wisdom, urged Spoke myself the eighth day from starting. I was so rnlnJrwl fn aA tlin tf"r nnM tit hnmo aa'ain.and young to keep it o ' 4 wisdom. i so for Sister Thatcher spoke on the word of ones that little the heart to my press is and mothor's in not and love drinking, many years claimed a care; Said, "It eating only but we should not overwork ourselves." Gave but all looked strange and new to me; I could very good counsel to mothers on training their scarcely make inyself think that the general "children." "Make home happy and cheerful for surroundings were the game aa wheu I leff,. -- rd .them; get them to obey you through alfection, rrow, though I can say I most willingly assume fear." not through and Wilson en harder to bear after so long a vacation, yet I faithfulness. feci that the loving, encouraging words of my couraged the sisters to -Elders C. C. Shaw, II. E. Kjelscn and Wm. .jnany aearsisiers tueie-w pro vr- vi grca u Willamsiiddresse worth to me, if I.can only keep them in mind. A few closing remarks by Prest Liljenquist Oh! I did feel to thank mv Heavenly Father and meeting adjourned for one year. Singing. daily, while thereihat, He hatLperniitted-m- eT. Johnsen. Benediction by-to once more look upon the home and friends O. Liljenquist, Prest, of childhood, after spending nine years of isoN. M. Nielsen, Sec. . lation in a New Mexico home. More especially did I appreciate the privilege of spending a little time in one sacred place, and the blessings ' CORRESPONDENCE. I received; therein. O, it was eo near Him and the angels of light, and the sweet and Zenos, Maricopa Co., Arizona, labor there, would I noble faces of those who . 1. 1887. 13, April coald keep them ever in my sight, and l leei that the thought of them, and the grand work Dear Aunt Em: that is being done in that holy house, will com- I hardly know why I have not written you iort iuo Liiruugu many uuuiu tuu. hvi.j oftener, for I have so longed for a visit with scenes the future may bring: How often I ask myself, "Will I bo faithful you, particularly since your eastern trip. I have read the pieces about your visit to the through the trying ordeals of the next few old home with much interest, for I haye listened years.?" Oh, kind and loving Parent, give mo with childish delight to the tales of that same faith and strength to overcome and be worthy to New England village, for was it not also the share in the rich blessing that shall be poured home of my mother? I can almost fancy I out upon thy Saints who withstand the fiery, should feel at home there, although I never trying times, and prove that the contact has to saw the place. passed, and they remain" pure and true Thee. , We are all in the usual health; indeed this is : ordinwith w and This, I believe, is the prayer of each Saint a very healthy climate, may, well we can say, "In Him alone ary care, enjoy the greatest blessing vouchsafed of God, and we trust, knowing well that all other powers to man good health. ' will fail." We have very good opportunities for eduhas health Dear sister, I hope your improved, cating our. children; much better, in fact, than new nie tnat trust do may oe bpureu your country; and we thought we would have in a bless your sex, a3 you still not exactly as we would like, for we are many, many years to which have done, and that I may meet you and enjoy obliged to conform to the territorial law, is very good of its kind. Our Primary and your pleasant conversation often in life. There was something that was denied me Young Ladies' Associations, also our Sunday during my visit on account of bad weather, Schools, are in a prosperous condition. was visiting often ray mother's grave. I wonder if in your travels sometime you and that sweet solace to will not drift this way long enough to make us, I did feel it would t be such a from above, a visit? We would find much to interest you. kneel there and implore strength favored so was but I ruins. A as! have in the long ago, We are in the midst of has been "much that I will not complain. gentleman by the name of Cushman his-labo- " rs. " . ensuing-yeaivlVestrLiljenquistlmd- con-veycif- to . . -- ri - . Sister3-Unsworth7Thor- - sen -- HYRUJJ, CACHECO. Dear Editor: Thinkintr. perhaps, a few lines might be wel come, we thought we would inform you that we are still alive as a Keliei bociety, ana aesire to be useful m the kingdom ot ijrod. We held our nineteenth anniversary on Monday, the 5th of May, 1887, at 10 a.m., There were Prest Liljenquist presiding. ot tne btaice present Sister Luna x. lhatcner Presidency, Sister Mary Freeze, Bishop S. and Sister J. E. Molen, Stake Prest of Primaries, and several brethren. After the usual opening exercises the minutes of the last annual meeting were read and adopted. The Secretary then reap! the following report: Statistical:" Members, 240; meetings held, 20; average attendance, 40. Financial: On hand, May 5th, 1885, cash, $18; property, $14.21; real estate, $665; wheat, 700 bushels. Received: Cash, $93.42; property, $70.71. Disbursed: Charitable purposes, cash, $84.77; property, $61.92; hospital, $6; home industries, ' M-Mo- . $10.65. . len Prest. Liljenquist made opening remarks, and gave a good report of the labors of the Relief Society during the past year. Coun. Johnsen testified to Sister Liljenqaist's remarks, and thanked the young men who had met to sing for us. Sister L. Y. Thatcher was pleased to meet is our with the sisters of Hyrum. Said, Church the of duty to sustain the authorities are too apt to We with our faith and prayers. criticise. Sisters, when you are in trouble and sorrow humble yourselves and fast and pray, and the Lord will remove the' cloud and give desire." you the blessings you Sister Freeze said, "You have a good--workwhich ing Society, a band of noble women, r H. 1 1 1 . - ITll ' . pre-histor- ic 