Vf 'the-RkjM- - ; - Vol. n. lii.vl-i;j- j s .. . For theKxj'ONENT. HARK! THE TIDINGS. ; . Freedom's Temple given to flame! ' See her ingrate children turn Her high altar to, profane, Rend and scatter, break and burn, While she pleads, and pleads in vain. When Religion fled in terror ,; ., O er Atlantic's foaming brine, Freedom bade her proudly welcome In the West to build her shrine; - Here she made her resting place", ' " : - From ail other haven driven; Here unveiled her holy face '" .""Here drew down the light of heaven. ' . Send it over lands and waters : To illume the darkness deep, Called her scattered sons and daughters, Israel's lost and straying sheep, .. -- r Come, ye waiting souls, rejoice! God hath found a gathering place, Hear your Shepherd's kindly' voice, Come, prepare to see His face. Freedom's faith to her was plighted, Heaven and Farth looked' smiling on, Truth divine, her pathway lighted, With Redemption hastening on; In her pure white hands she holds 7 Heavenly gifts, beyond all price; Free to every upright soul, More than precious, twice and thrice. -- the 10th day, of January, 187. Hundreds ff but he f husband was then a bitter opponent friends aud relatives attended and He knew little about his to of the Church. tributes of love and of' praise to the "memory he knew much about the loss faith; and h.-of this departed sister. : of m'esf.i.r,' tinof inoiiev. urn! the 'in n)f In her long life, she met such 'strange events, contempt which followed an avowal of belief and through all the peril of her career she in Mormonism, among the" aristocratic people showed such, supreme devotion, that her name of Virginia. Nancy was Sister lligginbotham's i ii i living, is worthy of being enrolled heroines almost nioiizvat emm:i sue was ine eioesi amongthe ' ' in the cause of Christ. and he had been l)aptized at Nauvoo; besides, she was in delicate health".""" When the property-wa- s Louisa, daughter of" William and Nancy born Co was secured William :md Louisa ouhl not deat Ward's Thompson Ward, ye, in the famous Tazewell County of Virginia, part froni Tazewell. The" prospect of leaving March 12th, 1808. She was wed Si plember "thetr best' beloved .beliind them was too grim;" 8th, 1831; by William Higginbotham, Veion of even though she' "might be in the'eare of a another famous Tazewell family. For ten wealthy husband,, indulgent to her in all things Sister years following they dwelt at Burkes Garden,- ..except in the matter 'of t her ,religion, r and wealth public esteem. Elder enjoying lligguibotnam then joined with iancy in an Mr. Peery to an understandJedediah M. Grant canied the Gospel into effort to this region in 1841. Louisa Ward Higgining of the truth. They were engaged in this botham was K3 second conyert to the Gospel. effort, and had won him to a consideration of Her humble obedience in accepting baptism the Gospel re juiremeuts, when thedire of war was a type of her, entire life. She had been broke . out, enveloping Virginia iii its llames. surrounded by worldly influences pride of Sister Higginbotiiam and her family met a long blood and arrogance .of wealth; and yet she series of appalling disasters: xt" '1 .1 LI iwfil Ml 1" i r was able to cast aside the prejudices of birTh. eiuesL cmiu mm iujj im, iuui. iauey,s to brave the reproaches and even the disdain of Then David II. Peery and Simon (Sister eldest. s(in enlisted in the Confeder- kindred and friends, aud to accept the Gospel i ' iu gladness and humility. Once Convinced of ate army. In the spring of 18G2 Simon was struck down by army fever. He was brought the truth, "nothing. .could compel her to relin-quisit. Her husband was impressed by her to "the house of David's father, which- was steadfastness," and soon demanded baptism from nearer the sceneof conflict than was Burkes Garden, and ihent William and Louisa hasElder Grant. tened. They found him almost dead; but ho In 1842 William and Louisa Higginbotham the army. The soon recovered, and sacrificed their property and all their prospects of rich inheritance. Iiv Ieavinir Virginia and fever spread. David H. Peery 's father and and died in tlie summer. removing to Illinois. In additiun to the moiety mother were attacked, was from their, considerable which theyl-ealizeThe 1802. in s ized, and died destroyer , July, possessions, they carried with them the angry She sufin fatal embrace. a also took Nancy pity of all their old associates- In 1843 they fered for three months, and their gave birth to and their two little ones, Nancy and Simon, a sun. Nine days later, on September 30th, were at Nauvoo. There they offered their all 1802, Nancy di d; and on the i2th of October, t) God, and partook with other of theInSaints the her little Iraby was buried by her side. of the persecutions now historic. ' Thus, by a series of calamities, unforeseen month of the siblime martyrdom, a (laughter was born to them, but died after a brief and as they were terrible, Sister Higginbotham dearest treasures. troubled existence, while Louisa herself was found herself robbed of her Without a defendantshe was far from the peoOn helpless with anxiety aud Jwdily suffering. her wealth in the 13th day of January, 184GT another ple of God; a" country little ones her and damrhrer Elizabeth Letitia, was given to was fast vanishing, and she re-.- . were in daily, peril of their lives; while every them; and before Sister Higginbotham had she feared to learn that Simon had met covered her strength, they took part in the hour had en- Hfir IvJj Jnoft. Iti IwiHbv exodus of God's people from Nauvoo. They countered a fate no less sad. Parents, wife journeyed with the Saints to Council Bluffs, and all his children but one had been taken by and were preparing to. proceed into the unand of his vast possessions, but little reknown .wilderness, when a message came to :'tleath; mained. However, there was one treasure them that Louisa's father had died, leaving which was left of the beloved Nancy; this was her a considerable estate iu Virginia. They a daughter tVo, years old Louisa Letitia. desired wealth for no selfish purpose; but, belink-noexbe made tov bless their Through this little' child, the one could it that lieving the isting between Louisa Ward Higginbotham children, to aid the needy and advanceTazeand David-Peery, much good was accomwork of God, they decided to return to all the woes of war and dewell before adding to the further "difficulties of plished. Through vastation, Sister Higgiubothan had kept herthe journey by further, progress westward. self and her remaining children, firm in the Their return to their old home was a pilgrimfaith. .She nowniade a fervent appeal to Mr. travel were inof difficulties natural The age. him to accent the Gospel, and tensified: for them, because they had no heart Pprv wirrn(r to migrate to Utah with her. She could not sufferinc , friends, -fm triplr- Imeksunon xhj vui" ' r their leave the little Louisa, but she made her also even for so good a purpose as they had in view. T. P.,nr Via1 tiif ffrtmttfin th(. Louisa's were by delayed Missouri In they oirui ui, gentle WmouTTH Tfi3wife;niii bitternessin lett serious illness, and by his was wrought him, and. Francis. a son the Gospel and was bapsoul. He The settlement of the, estate was a tedious- tized in theaccepted of 1863. Having accomspring was peuoiu- -, j.mxj mf0r VVhi ft the attair so dear to her heart, Sister this work, and dano-htellliani plished of fth 0Amt would have been glad to .find a 11. Higginbotham in by won was Dayiri marriage Louisa) but she was hut nnfpd merchant of Burkes refuge with the people of God r hemmed in by the raging strife. In ,1863 Garden. Nancy was devoted to the Gospel, listi-nvi- l - , . i i i . i i . - . T ( - 1 1 Hig-(rmhnthiim- '.s h - - See, the Powers of Darkness gather- ,Fill with rage the hearts of men, . That they smite the hand of blessing, Slay the Heavenly Lamh again. ' that will not see, Eyes they-havEars have they and will not hear; Souls that will not be made free, Choose not liglft, but darkness drear. WiTria7iirSister-JIiVffinbothamV.i.usban(- l, - Oh,. the light that shines in darkness, ' And the darkness sees it not! Oh, the scorn'd grace of Heaven, Oh, the schemes of blackness wrought! On the neck of Israel now, Falls oppression's iron heel, But the wrath of God will glow, Smiters shall His vengeance -- - - war-curse- d; Rnn-indfi- en the lovely fane of freedom Shall again toward heaven rise; : Then her altar fires, a beacon, ' Shine in men's adoring eyes; Then the Saints shall well defend That dear 'Charter, gift of God, Which the plotting traitors rend, And 'neath cloven feet have trod. No. 18. 1887, : - : feel-Th- FEBRUARY 15, ' Harlc! the tidings rolling, rolling. To a mighty nation's, shame tidings; tolling, tiling! . , SALT LAKE CiTT, UTAH, ' ' IT A. of the Women ofZhn, and the, Rhjhte of the Women of all Xations.. 15. . ' .J J 1 -- " God of Israel, look with pity On Thy puny, raging foes; Blunt' the arrows of Thy vengeance, Sight to. their blind eyes disclose. . Speed the stone cat from the mountain,...;;......-.Haste to fill eachjaromise given; Plant Thy children by the fountain, Guide and guard them back to heaven. -- . LU DALTOX. w H. the-subseque- soon-convictio- A NOBLE WOMAN. Louisa Ward Higginbotham, better known as Grandma Higginbotham, died at the residence of her daughter, Mrs. David H. Perry, in Ogden, Utah, on the 8th day of January, 1887; and the funeral services were held on n - n..kil r . 