WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 92 hxi WOM r. N'S JKNf Editor? rubliHhedscmi-montbly.inri.'il- Lake City, Utah Tcrrns: one copy six months, 31.00. Tea t one copy one vo ir, ?2.' 'r, icopies or the price of ui n'e. - Kaoh. sqitarc, ten linos of nonpareil per month, S3.00'. A liberal discount AdvertMngjates: space, to regular advertisers. Temple ..Street, second Exponent "office, No. 25E.,?outfi ' 10 a.m': gate eat of Deseret News Office. UusincjsWprs froip ! to 5 p.m, every day, except Sunday. to--Address all business communications . . - pyBLISIIEB" WOMAN'S KXI'OJKNT, - Salt Lake ' Salt LakejCity Utah. 15, 1887. .NOVEMBKK City, HEBER C.RIMBALL. . A -- LETTER FROM IJlllISTORIAN TO THE PUl'.LIC. Frieuds of the Late President Heber Kimball C. To the is my intention to devote a chapter.aide frnm thp mnin rnrrntivfvtri nnprdnfp ; nnd nprsnrml' reminiscences, illustrative of his life and charac- springit V ter. With a view to making this as interesting as friends possible, I hereby invite all, the and acquaintances of President Kimball who may . . . . .. m ... . . - ii.: . . , souesire, 10 cuiunuuic iu mis Luapicr-- ueneving that in their possession are doubtless many choice gems of word and incident pertaining to his event' tul life, which have not yet found their way into print, and are not noted in his journal, and which, unless now secured, may in a few years be entirely lost toliistory. The anecdotes should be crisp, brief and to the point," and will be published in the book with their writers' names, unless otherwise desired. Early attention will greatly oblige. Please address as below. Very respectful-- , 1. 1 . e . 1 1 ? ' . " " . v Orson F. Whitney," Box 357, O. P. , Salt Lake City, . . - Nov. Utah. 16, 18S7. DAYS-O- -- t - . - In the forthcoming history of my grandfather, whjcri lam engaged in writing, and which. will old-tim- are not content with Breaking up families and desmen olating happy homes, liningand imprisoning who have sought to worship God with clean hands and pure hearishut still pursue"with a zeal worthy of n better cause;" t he patient endurance ancTlong , sufl'crinir of this people' under a series of'trials o Ihc-- most: barassinhafacler and outrages, perpetrated in the name of the'government, willindeed be a.problem for the unbeliever to solve. Strange, $ inhis land of religious liberty where churches anil denominations of all kinds and all beliefs are allowed perfect freedom, that the property of the Mormon Church should be seized upon.. It can.-nobe because of the immense wealth, if so the Rcrman Catholic and Episcopal Church would be subjected to the same indignity. The Church property of the Mormons has been accumulated from the tithes and offerings oMhe people who actually beHeve in the literal translation of that scripture which says, ''bring your tithes and your offerings into the storehouse of the Lord and see if I will. not pour you out a blessing that there 'shall not be room to receive it." And for these Saints persecuted. :3ut things are the Latter-daythey and their enemiesare all in the hands of one who sees not as man sees and whose ways are not as man's ways, and lie wiil surely punish those who oppress. theiinnocent, the widow and the orphan, for whom,, and other laudable purposes, these tithes and offerings were given. The Lord will pour out of His indignation upon the wicked as He has said and His hand will not be stayed when His judgements begin. Already strifes and uprisings and riots and threatenings are heard, and it would be well to heed the warnings contained in the word of to this people and be prepared for the evil day which is just at hand. TRIAL: The remarkable occurrences taking place here day after day sound a note of warning, to ail who are not wide awake in the performance of every dutv to renew their "diligence, and be more earnest, more prayerful and watchfnl than ever and take heed to their ways, that they may be able to endure the days of trial that are now just at the doors. They have been talked of and prophesied of in public and in private, these days of testing, and that but few would be able to endure and yet the actual circumstances that would bring about these peculiar experiences were not understood in the least. Whoever thought Congress would have passed such unprecedented laws and strenuous measures, as have been passed by that body without any,or very little opposition, against the' Mormon people, and enforced rigorously and although the enforcement of these cruel and harsh, measures has brought so much hardship it does noi seem to satisfy the craving desires of the enemies of .the Saints, but the officers of the" government seem more and more anxious to brin severe and more cruel hardships upon the people. So long as they submit patiently, instead of think-- , ing "it is enough." they are ready to heap more persecution and prosecution, and make the burden heavier and more grievous to be borne. Thev . was very large, many not being able to gain mittance. Bishop Orson F. . Whitney, after the eloopening exercises, occupied the time'wiih an He elicited quent address full of wise counsel, lar?rel o audience ' as - onlvfew LWt ;nfrct UlV.iVJ. v .... U.e ! r c t r ft inn c aijII lnnir Ko .JomKarorl r c t.nmnncr thp rhoicest that could bft . w ICUltLiiuiwu c.vj ... ! a n a! A f mcflro w r umi juoiav, SyuOpblo W UUIU glVen. unci therefore we refrain from giving a more extended 'notice." The quarterly conference of the Relief Society of this Stake of Zion will be held in the Fourteenth Ward Assembly Rooms in this city, on Thursday, December Sth.nexf, commencing at 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. A full and punctual attendance from all parts of the crJUnty is requested. On the u - nf-thp- -- IJ.n' 1 w secTC-ritnd-i EDITORIAL NOTES. At the Y. M. M. I. A. Conference of Weber Stake, held in Ogden. Nov. 13th, 1877; Bishop O. F.Whitney delivered an address in the evening, which, it is stated, held the large audience spellbound for two hours. The Ogden Herald says: "The meeting in the evening, as in the afternoon ; 11 - 1 1 1 - 7. I - 1 v V rl1 TTr'iAiv ' T"ioomVir : nth tK V f T I. A. of this Stake will hold conference, and on Saturday, December loth, the .Primary Associations will hold their conference. It is earnestly desired by the presidents and officers of these several conferences that the meetings should be utaII nffAnrlarl i rt A on inf Arocf m 1 n fA c f ArT J frr fK a general good.A cordiaLiavitation js extended to all who desire to see these organizations prosper, to come and hear the instructions given. As this is the time for verbal reDorts. it mav be more in teresting than when written reports are read Presidents of Relief Society and Y. L. M. I. A. are expected to represent the condition of. the respective Society .or Association over which they . . preside. Mrs. Marilla M. Ricker, of Washington, has been visiting this city, the past three or four wfiflrc the-"Lor- One of the great events of the present day was the execution of the Anarchists in Chicago on the nth of November 1877. Whether the matter will end there remains for the future to determine. It is the general opinion of the most conservative people, that there will be serious difficulty yet with this socialistic element, if not in Chicago in other cities further east. They are" dangerous every-n the dark, not eshere, working i n tablishing themselves openly, but in various ways creating discord and strife' between the employer and the employed. Sowing the seeds of disunion and strife where before confidence existed; and making such; an intricate network of comxlica- tionsas will puzzle the nation much more, and be far more difficult to handle and to unravel than the'"Mormqn"question which the goveriment considers such a knotty problem. "Mormonism" has brought into the country an element of industry and enterprise, a people who believe in labor, and who discountenance emphatically every .tendency to discord and strife, or opposition to peace and- - good government. It is , deplorable indeed to think that such secret combinations against the peace and prosperity of the American people, should exist and find followers in the midst of the great cities of the United States. And the end is not yet. What developments of this nature and disturbances may arise no one knows, but therfulfillment of the predictions of ancient and modern prophets should warn the nationsx everywhere to prepare for the events that ate to herald in the coming of the Son of Man upon the earth. ad- Shp had.J we n ifvf.1 pninvpn J J cicrht- fhp "t'V seeing and association with friends here whom VioH mtt nnA fnrmA o fr?rir1cnlr frtr ?r tVio east, notwithstanding they were Mormons. Mrs. Ricker. though not a professed Christian, has many excellent qualities of heart and soul, as well as a superior education and general knowledge of the world, and stands high in her profession (the law); was admitted to the bar of the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia in 1882, and was subjected to a very searching examination as to her knowledge of law. There were 17 male applicants at the time. The Committee, in recom- cVa hr admitisirih rpnnrtprl tliit cVio!' ctnnA at the head of the list of applicants, and was esmpnrl!ri(r pecially versed in the complex common law rules governing real estate titles. "Her practice has been principally in the crimnal courts of Washing ton.-Sh- e visits prisons and does much philan- TnrnniP urnrL'. IIWUILIIAvLjcciio frt .wmv. nr I itv nrnr.ne ivpvow make a more extended notice of this noted woman lawyer and her visit to Utah. fcv LETTER FROM . SANDWICH ISLANDS. Laie, Oahu, Hawaiian Islands, y Oct. 22nd I887. To Sister Eliza R. Snow Smith, President of. the Relief Society of the Chnrch of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints: Dear. Sister: Not being supplied with blanks to forward you a correct report of our. work in this of part the 7 vineyard we are under the necessity of writing you the condition of the Relief Societies of these ' islands, which we are pleased to say speak favorably for themselves at present. There are 22 societies in all, in which there are 514 members. Meetings are generally held weekly, working and testimony meetings alternately. The Societies of tnis island are far in advance of those on the other islands owing to , our direct "and constant la bor among them, as you are doubtless aware that these poor natives when left by themselves,. soon tall into slothfulness and sin. We are laboring as energetically as possible to introduce all kinds of useful work among them, And in order to 