WOMAN'S EXPONENT 150 "Peace. Othou troubled soul: be firmnd stead fast to the righteous cause thou hast espoused with yet a little longer, and all will be well ibee. Honor God, thy Eternal Father; honor those wha hold His priesthood upon the earth; ion ana honor thy gelt an a daughter in mother in; Israel, and live tor the blessings promised3 to the faithful."' I arise to my feet comforted, hurry home, embrace my children, do my work with renewed. courage., ana an . goes as merry as a marriage ueii. D. E. Dudley. Clifton, Jan. 28, l86. . in spoke about the children; parents. will be ac countable for the children; parents should practice what they preach,- or it will lead to children." '.Said how mfidelity with-thei- r to it was thoroughly understand the necessary of the. "This persecution Gospel. principles should cause" U3 to live near the Lord. On prayers 3h0uld.be short and right to the point. vvecanao as raucn gooa right here at home DAVIS STAkE. to go on missions. We .cannot commence linutes of the Relief Society conference of aa the education of a child too young; and it the Davis Stake of Zion, held at Centerville, would not be amiss for you listers to crve January 21st, 1887, Prest. Su3an Grant presidlectures on housekeeping." Spoke of dress ing. Mtingopened by singing. Prayer by and exhorted the people to kep fast ihy. Prest. Smith. Continued by singing. Mee t i n g adj 0 u rned t i 1 -- 1 wo o'clock, w i th J Prest. Grant said, "Lam sorry it 13 so disand a benediction by Bishop Chtny. agreeable a day; I presume it has prevented singing We have bisters h. Af ternoon session: Commenced with sinin. many from coming . Taylor and M. W. Snow from tha city here Prayer by Bro. Randal. Sinsrino:. Sister- E. S. Taylor: vThe Ilelief aciety with us; also President bmith, and we will few of Vvas "organized by Joseph Smith; he said the have a good meeting if there are but a o: the Church was not fully organized without' it. us. We will hear from the .psesidents Emma was called an elect Jady, and you hold branches that are here. the same position, aud do. you realize the reSister Muir represented West Bountiful; Prest. Luanda Sessions, East Bountnul; Prest. sponsibility resting upon you, 'and what is Randall, Centerville. required aCyuur hand, and how you perf irni some made Grant as ofEctrilare-- recreant-- i 3 go;.d jVfter. singingPrest.. .yo.urd uiieitIf-yQremarks, and said she had not visited -- the your duties it will not be so well with you; it different - branches of the Society before this don't matter, however, whether you are officers conference, but would have been glad to. or members, you have duties to perform, you 'When we do visit we find a good, peaceful have pledged yourselves to help carry on the spirit. Joseph Smith said the Church was "Society; go with prayerful hearts; the work not fully organized till the Keliet bociety was you do there is for the poor; there are many organized. I used to think when we attended poor among us, and it. is our duty to help take to our household affairs we had done about care of them, and see that they have proper enough, but we can arrange our work so as to care. Some are very ungrateful for the help attend our meetings if we have a desire to, but they receive, but it is their duty to b? grateful. J would not advise mothers to neglect their I don't consider it our duty to administer to those that are not willing to help theuselves. children on any account. Our enemies are be will able not We should not neglect our home duties; home but they working against us, should be the sweetest place ou earth.' I thank to do more than what will be for the furtherGod that I have been associated with the ance of God's work, upon the earth; all we i3 do to to live I our duties, Saints. If you are faithful in your organiza have to prayup us to m them to an" theLord tions you will be benefitted; sisters, go to perform qualify I your meetings, and talk" about houseket-ping- ; accep tab e. way. S. Clark said, "I am pleased to havS.a place lor everything, and everything in Coun. Mary i ts pj ace to with meet day. We should be prepared Weh a ve a rig h t to go beforeth e -you all the time for any event-thamay befall us. Lord with bur daughters, and make it a matter The enemy are upon us, but they are in the of prayeiwhen they wTant to select a husband; hands of the Lord, and so are we; the eye of our future happi nes depends upon it. Mothers; the Lord is upon us; we have got to pass through keep the confidence of your sons as well as with a great deal yet; let us strive to do all the to any-oyour daughters; it is .a or daughter that will make a confident of the good we can. I feel that we have nothing to is all Zion." We should mother. We have be?n promised if we do. our 'discourage us; right in teach to ourselves is our children.. It qualify duty that the Lord would gather our children a great care to raise a family and bring them in the fold, teach them to be pure and virtuous. 1 would like to speak about the minutes; it is lip right. Mothers!, watch over your children and keep them home at night. Girls should not necessary to have them lengthy; if there js be careful in choosing a husband; they have any particular instruction gi veir it should he the privilege of fasting and praying, that they, noticed m the minutes. Spoke about sendmg may get a companion that they can look up to our children to Jjreutile schools. baiu, i a be and good father to their children, a man of would rather my children did not have a par God. May we live faithful, that .we may see ticle of education more thau what I could , teach them, thau to have them to them. ,ion redeemed.1' Sister Brown said, "When I meet with the Give your children a spiritual education, and sistera I feel a union; and why should we not thfcy will be" ell right. My is that we prayer be as one? for every one else is against us. My may gain an exaltation in the-- kingdom of blessing says that I will live to see. the day God." that all evil will be put down. President Sister Minerva W. Snow: "E am pleased to Cleveland eaid he wa3 sorry that we were not meet" with you, though most of "you are like them, but I am sorry that we are so much strangers to me, but still do not seem liKe like them a3 we are; we are so mixed up that strangers as long .as ve belong to the same; we partake of their ways." Spoke upon dress, faith. I desire your faith and prayers. You and said she would like to live, and desired to are blest in having your President here; there are so many-methat have- to b&a way..LZ53, "Tt is our duty to act in a member in the every Society In Xauvoo; I heard are called thatwe capacity ask Brother osenhsay-tha- t upon be that" aT)TeTodo "your ""prayers; to the Church should have her name enrolled Ilnay' J. . duty. in the Society. I would encourage my. sisters Bishop Cheny- - "I have been well paid in to come to these meetings; there are many being a member of this meeting, and pleased things that can be' talked about here that can- to hear the reports. I think the sisters attend not be spoken of in other meetings, leach to their meetings better than the brethren do. your daughters to be good housekeepers; be Our mothers are more excuable f not attendcareful and prudent; I believe we will have to jr ing their meetings than the fathers, for their give an account tar taat wnich tne.utru cares are many. We have had bnoke about teingx;haric- our hands. in very good put counsel from our sisters, especially when they able, and the responsibility. re3tingon mothers. still be identified intact as a Society, with you as President, when Zion is established and the numerical figures indicating your age are re- versed to 84, and we meet again for the same purpose, is the wish of your sisters, of tbeRelief Society of Taylorsville. Ij Madeline Farley, Sec. ..-- -- ' " " 1 R. S, P. A. REPORTS. Y. L. M. 1. A. taylorvillf; West webkr, weber Editor Exponent: co. ' " " following notice: . Th? Taylorville Relief Society inthe.West ... s in. Address to our beloved President,, Sarah Hun' ' ter, v- ., .... ? I We have met here this evening all actuated by the same motive, that of extending our con- ' gratulations to and appreciation of one whom rtkuovi-fco-l)veuid-- -n our confidence is centered, and we consider this a fit time and place to express the same by o nr-u- u i ted presence. have but recently been organ ized, and labored under your guidance, we have learned to appreciate your worth," and experience has taught U3 that,, with congenial associations, love, like intelligence, by proper cultivation, expands and increases, and such we unitedly extend you, and concede you are the right one in the right place, and trust our love may continue and increase, and we may Although-w- e , " -- , - ' : - t ; safe-guar- . " - U - our Stake President, "Jane "S.Richards, and her Counselors, flattie C. Brown and Emily '- Shurtliff, being present, and assisted, by the ward president, Mary Douglass, and sanctioned by the local authorities. Officers as follows: Sarah Hunter, President; Ann Hadley and . Mary Hanson, Counselors Madeline ' Farley, Secretary; Ann Robb,' A ssistant Secretary; Sarah Walker, Treasurer. Since that time we have humbly endeavored Jto build up that portion assigned to U3. The 9th of November last was our President's birthday, which was devoted to sewing until meeting hours were over, then after mtirigwas dismissed, at 5 p.m., the sifters, with some of th brethren, assembled at Couu. Ann Hadley 's (our rendezvous) and at precisely 7 p in. we proceeded m a body, nearly fifty in number, to the residence of acting Bishop, James F." Hunterand. completely and agreethe inmates in honor of, our ably surpri-c- d President's 48th birthday, who received the assembly with', a n' appropriate welcome, and g - after partaking of arr elegant repastthe sveiiv-inwas .spent by a series of very entertaining exercises, consisting of anecdotes, recitations, songs in several languages, speeches, including a short address by the Secretary in behalf of the Society to the "President, which called forth a heartfelt, grateful response from her,followed by Brother Hunter, who, in his appreciative speech, motioned that minutes be taken by the Secretary, and sontto the Woman's Exponent with the address for publication, and a copy kept on record, which-waunanimously apentertainment with a ferthe proved, closing vent benediction by acting Bishop, J. F. Hunter, the assemblage dispersed at precisely 12 p.m. All attending it said it had. been the best entertainment they had ever participated - ; . Thinking no report of our organization as a Relief Society in this placehas ever been published in our woman's paper, we sendyou the ' -- . y-- . n toI " . J - every-siiter-belongi-ng. o ' 