16 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. " Editor '. Exponent: lingup4Beforfiherdoor After the companyhad appropriated the nouse iu lueir use, anu oister juinasay naa accustomed to" the"changes which had taken place, there were about two hours spent very pleasantly,, and thosefpresent .were regaled with; sweet music, which was discoursed by Professor Heisel; also beautiful singing by the ladies. , At"5 o'clock D.m. Sister L. M. Hart read an article written for the occasion,rsetting forth the sentiments of the sisters, and their Dfrood toward Sister Lindsay; she also pre- feelings ? '. ;x i ,T ; t :1 seuieu. me xiosiess, in oenan oif ine company, with a beautiful cashmere dress and shawl. Tha recipient of the gift replied .very appropriately, by .expressing the pleasure which the kindness-o- f the-sii-te- -- ad: them,.andtheiconsequencewa3that.somerof. - 1 ue-co- - Is the : On the 7th inst. the Stake officers of the Re lief Society, Y. L. M. I. A. and P. A. showed their esteem for SisterTJuliaP.LindsayrPrestr of the Relief Society of the Bear Lake Stake; and appreciation of her assiduous labors, by meeting at her residence in Paris 2ndWard, accompanied by a choice picnic. The good sia- ter was surprised in the literal sense of the word.when she saw the numerous vehicles draw- - i Mary G. Pay. It was the day of the meeting of the Relief Society, and the birthday of .Sis-te- r " No time! .' Pay. Just before the close of the meeting, ' In many respects our grandfathers were the Primary, children came tripping in with a basket of good things, accompanied by the First wiser than we are. They took time to do well, and never hurried about it. They kept . Counselor, Sister Jane Morgan, and singing, -JGIadly meetingrkindly greeting." They also made the President a present from their own leather when it was wanted leather which. desmall contributions of five and ten cents each, fied water and wear, and was a 'satisfaction to without .calling n any one for means. There the sole of man! , wa3 a regular programme of dialogues, recita They were years getting out the timber and tion3 and songs by the children.' The secretary shaping it into houses, and they courted their read an address as follows: sweethearts while they fashioned the nests for What particular purpose does it serve? for it? world any better or wiser ' A GOOD TIME. rp by thanking them nrofuselv for the trift. A sumptuous supper was then served, of wmcn an partook heartily. Ine company tjien adjourned to the parlor, where they were entertained tor an hour or two with speeches and recitations by the sisters, and music by the Professor, until 7 o'clock p.m., when the ladies theTTcarriuges and returned to their homes, leaving the hostess in the best of spirits, ana leeiing themselves that the day had been a - . one. , pleasant ano succt-sslu- l Yours respectfully, Elizabeth Pugmire, Stake Sec. and no wind the houses are standing which has ever swept over sea or land,ha3 been powerful enough to tear these solid timbers to-da- y, '.apart. And they took time to get their wives, and the consequence was that there were no suits for separation based on "incompatility," or "lack of affinity," and a lawyer who "obtained divorces without. duplicity" would have starved to death in those days in about six weeks. And right here let .it be said that a man should never grudge- the time he spends in courting. He wants to. go a little slow, . for therein lies most of the sweetness. And it is often the case that he takes more solid comfort with the girl before he marries' , - . herthan he does afterward. For, before our Primary, Sister M. G. Pay, we are asto pay our respect by givsembled here y ing herasurpVise, winch we .hope has been a success,' and praying that she may see many happy returns of her. birthday. i to-da- ' THE PRESENT SITUATION. r In reflecting upon Sec. The President made a few remarks in response thanking thein for the honor conferred upon her, and the good feeling that had prompted it, and hoping to take a course in the future to merit, the confidence of all associated with her in the same work, lit was really an enjoyable time for the children and those interested in their welfare. mar- riage, he and she both are dressed in their test clothes, .and they wear their best smiles, and have the sweetest sides of their character out, ' and everything is lovely. Selected. Florence Rogers, : REEVES. PRETTY-AMELI- A Mjss Amelia Reeves,the auther of "A Brother of , the first families of Virginia, and has all the personal charms and graces ,of manner that distinguish ..the'.'Fi F. Vs." She is a little above the me--d ium h eight, slender and wi llowy. She has oneof those figures whose very lines are poetry. Her face is longer 'than the strict laws of beauty allow, but it is faultless in contour. She has large brown eyes, whose expression is roguish rather than intellectual; an olive ' complexion, and black hair which falls in waves about the . prettiest pink ears in the world, The chief charm of the voung novelist lies in her conversation. Miss .Reeves has the invulnerable to the reputation of being shafts of love. With her araplefortune said and her talents, to be $200,000 tyr she might have selected long ago from several ' distinguished Virginia suitors, but she has steadfastly declined all offers of marriage. It is said that she "thinks too much of all the men to center her afTections in one." Like all brilliant women Miss Reeves has her eccentricities. She will dress only in black. What is more surprising still, she dislikes flowers, and will not wear one under any circumstances. She is as fond of diamonds as an actress. A diamond a diamond breastpin.and several diamond rings are only a part of the precious stones on her person. Though she is only 25 years old, she eschews the-- prevailing fashion of baugs and frizzes. Selected. is descended from one Dragons," the situation of affairs today one is apt to wonder why and what is the cause of this strife and turmoil that exists. To look at the position that the government is Saints, one is taking against the Latter-da- y be done? What is going to apt to wonder what course the Saints will purs de? In my opinion there is only one course for us. to take. I have reflected upon the princiANOTHER A IT CRAZE. ples advanced by our enemies and find there is no saving power in them. They are also witThe latest art work amoner. ladies io power from God to act in his name. Hence, knwttfis-the-Frene-h razelbr deeorating- - hout "their labors are vain to look at this from our china, glassware, etc. It is something entirely stand poiut. They do not attempt to advance new, and is both profitable and fascinating. It principles superior to those practiced by the Latis very popular in New York,Boston and other Saints. Then,as I said beforethere is only eastern cities, lo Jadies desiring to learn the one course for us to pursue. Study those prinArt, we will send an elegant china placque(18 ciples that are designed to save and exalt us; inches,) handsomely decorated, for a. model tobecome more and more familiar with them; gether with a box of material, 100 colored de- make them a part of our Jives. Let us never signs assorted in "flowers, animals, soldiers, swerve to the right or left in maintaining those landscapes, etc., complete, with full principles we know to be right. Under these tionsupon receipt of only $1.00. The placque circumstances our enemies will think more of alone is worth more than the amount charged. us even though they persecute us, and God will To every lady ordering this outfit who encloses to own us as his children. There the address of five other ladies interested in be pleased certain the Latter-daSaints are Art matters, to whom we can mail our new is one inthing their convictions or they are, as the catalogue of Art Goods, we will enclose extra right world says, the greatest imposters on the earth;" and without charge, a beautiful 30 inch, because the principles advocated by them are placque. NOTES AND NEWS. - Address, Tho Empire News Co., Syracuse, calculated to lead even thinking people astray. the of should The principles be first and Gospel foremost with the rising generation. Wash silk stockings in warm borax-wateThey should gain a knowledge of them and be able but never iron them. to prove beyond successful; contradiction their NO TIME. is abouUo bring Miss Louise Imogen-Guintruthfulness. As the motto of our paper is, "no excellence witnout laoor, it is mst as out a new volume of poems " WhaTbecomes of the time? We have all applicable in this direction as any other. Mme. Marie Dronsart, a French woSan", has JIA-je- t I hope that more of our young people will written everywhere we hear a biography of Biimarch in three the cry of no ttme! become interested in this study. re-enter- ed 4 . J her-beau- - ter-da- y hair-brooc- y h, gold-tinte- d r, ey lii? t?e "I have no time to read!" says a busy women. "I have no time to visit says a busy man. And looking around among our friends, we find that very few of them think they have time for anything. Everything is on the rush. We all go by steam, and we are looking forward to the time when we shall go by lightning. Now, what is the need of all this hurry? " Always wishing for the welfare and prosperity of the young, I remain, Respectfully I. H. Grace. WHAT THE CHILDREN DID. On the 2nd of June the Primary at Leam ington gave a surprise to the President, Sister volumes. Queen Margharita, of Italy, has established an asylumTfor the blind in the Baths of Diocletian, at Rome. women have placed their names on the British Register as duly qualified MediFifty-fou- r cal practitioners . Some old dinner customs still prevail. The . 