L The Eights of Vol 10. the- - Women of Zion, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, "AT UREAK OF DAY." . t I silver-rimme- d, praise the dead ! All their tears are wiped away,- Their darkness turned to perfect blessed are the dead r, how beautiful be they Let your sweet influence I love - DIRGE, the dead . . The precious spirits gone before, And waiting on that peaceful shore, To meet with welcome looks, and kiss me yet once more, J ! Without one spot upon the dress Of your ethereal loveliness, Ve linger round me still, with earnest will to bless. ! 1 w - Each fault and failing ' O royal dead ! The resting, free, u&fettered dead, : 1 love the dead ! And will forget their little ill, Eager to bask my memory still In all their best of words, and deeds, and ways, and "will. I curi-ositie- s, new-comer- ! A PRETTY PEN PICTURE. Dear Aunt- - Em: - v- - - I have often though t I would describe to or few: oue some the excursions which I you have attended since I came here, but the last few months I have allowed myself to let all 1 my literary amusements fall away from me. My heart has been too heavy for even the least effort. Now, however, P am "going" to try and tell you of a little trip which a few of us took to theisland (as itAs vaguely called) on the 11th ' was a national holy day here, being the birthday ot Kamehameha I. A concert to be given by our choir here, over at Kahana, took almost everybody away from here. But as we, over here, were not included among their singers or their guests, we were left at home. After our concerters had departed, it oc curred to us that it would be an excellent plan to get the boat and go over to the island, a little piece of laud about a quarter of a mile out from the mouth of the river. However, I remembered that I had been instructed to ring the bsll or the Hui Manawa-le- a and what could be" done. We (the R. talked the matter over, and agreed to inVite the sifters of the Hui M to join us over on the Llind, brl.iug their pi, .v. ukiug our lunch, and after an impromptu feast hold ni3eting -- ' . over there. The. sisters soon spread the word, and all were anxious to go. Accordingly we set out. We put on our bathing suits, put dry clothed in our valise, and started. Mother f walked down to the sea, but I was taken down in the boat from the mooring place on the river, a short distance from the house. Here we are then, gathering fromLall points of the compass. Ojt boat was heavy laden, ) s, . TUFPER. S-- 1 The yearling, conscious, holy dead, The hoping, waiting, calm, "" the happy, changeless dad - It And fondly doth my fancy paint Each dear one, washed from earthly taint; By patience and by hope made a most gentle saint. Enfranchised dead left behind, And nothing now to chill or bind," How gloriously ye reign in majesty of mind - ! And some, just dead, To me on earth most deeply dear, VV ho loved, and nursed, and blessed mc here I love you with a love that casteth out all fear. of last June. love the dead; O glorious dead rai.v- - Fearless I leave you to the love Of Him who gave you peace. to bear with you above 1 A w Q god J ik e..d ead Ye that do rest, like Noah's dove, And when that last, that silent, starless night Comes over us, when the dark, sorrowful stream Sweeps at our feet, in dread, relentless might, THE DEAD. ' . again. When we reached the mouth of the river, we found many of the sisters waiting for us. We tried to get mother' to get in the boat, but noy she insisted on': Walkingjicross through the sea; and away we; went. It seemed to nie every woman had a- child; but tucking, up their" clothes, they all waded in. and across. It was only about waist deep. Once across, all busied "'themselvejrin collecting materials "Tor dinner-R- aw shell .fish, sea moss, and raw hei or devil- - chatter. Pona Lfish;and what.Jaughing.-an- d caught a great big fish with the hook and line. Mother and Lu la went hunting shells and while I sat down under" the shade of the - jjmbrella- - and watched the natives. Gracious! what an utter disregard of anything like modesty. It is startling to but, like "kissing niggers," nothing when you -- ' get used to it. I he folks brought in a pail full of shells, and the natives many a handful of raw fish of' vari ous, kinds. Our simple feast was soon dispatched, the natives appearing in clean white wrappers, carried across in bundles on their heads, A short meeting followed, and then we set out for. home. Mother still persisted in walking across. and in the hurry turned her foot, from which me blessings from the sides. There is a night f sorrow and unrest, A darkness of the soul, a night when all The world of thought is haunted and oppressed And hemmed about, as with a dungeon wall, ' When heaviness and fear upon us fall. Take courage, then ! the longest, darkest hour Comes just before the first faint tinge of gray,And sadness has no place, and fear no power, At break of day. And every deed and word and thought shall seem To pass .before us, in a troubled dream, What joy to watch the faintly outlined shore Rise, grand and glistening, 'neath morn's silvery ray, To know that night departs forevermore ' At break of day, CoUtn Rule. two or three half grown boys and girl3 calmly tucked up their clothes and pulled us off " O gracious dead J watch me from your paradise ith happy, tender, starLke eyes, -- -- . day-Ho- That No. 8 LfitrandedwentytLme3--4mo-way:-lownrb- I " ' and the water was low, and of course we bless the dead ! , . Their good, half choked by this world's weedy fs blooming now in heavenly meads, And ripening golden fruit -- There is a solemn murmur of the breeze, There is a ripple on the lonely shore, A solitary chirp among the trees, Is taken up and echoed o'er and o'er And dies away, and all is still once more. Then comes the signal and all living things Raise up an anthem, glorious, blithe and gay, And the" whole land with one glad chorus.rings " At "break of day. SEPTEMBER 15,4887. I The stars fade slowly, twinkle, pale and die, ' Before the halo rising in the east, ; A rosy glamour steals aihwartlhe sky, And grows to flames of gules and amethyst, ' The hills are the curtain mist As at some swift command, rolls back from field, Valley and lake and wood, and floats away, And the whole glorious pageant is revealed At break of day. -- and the Eights of the Women of all Nations. sho still, suffers at times. All in all it was a very pleasant day" and many impressions, of which I have only given you the skeleton, were graven on my mind. The purple sky, fleeced with lazy clouds, the golden, mellow sunshine, tempered by the salt sea" breeze, the splash and jar of the waves up- on the shore, the dark, natives, and slow, in the blue waters at their bare-limbe- : d work, the visions of the past, and the fears of the future, all had a vivid place in my mind that day. So it is!, If asked to repeat our often bring out a rude frame work of events, and set it up, unclothed with the hopes, the thoughts, the brightimpressions or sad. interlacings, that made it what it was a chapter in our lives. we - - Homespun, Laie, Aug. 8, 1887. BIRTHDAY ANNI VERSA ItY. MINUTES BY 8I3TER C. V. SMITH. On Wednesday last, Sept. 7th, the annual gathering in honor of bister P. S. Kimball met at her residence, in the 16l1i Ward, to celebrate the 77th birthday of that venerable and respected lady. About forty of the sisters from different part3 of the city and others from the surrounding settlements, assembled about noon, and sat down to a table loaded with "all the delicacies of-tseason." Alter dinner the gathering took the Torra of a meeting, and Aunt. Preseudia was introduced and requested to occupy a handsome plush covered easy chair, which was presented to her as a substantial token of eteem by her sisters and friends. After singing, "We thank Thee, O God, for a Prophet," prayer wa3 offered by Sister Young. Sister Preseudia then aro?o and thanked the sisters for their presence, and for the beautiful j he ; ' 