l?i ' " r- V : . .'II - tl 1 of the IJi i: r- IP omen SATI1 B OHfil IS ' " ; The Rights ToL. nG. IT V4 'of-Zion- J- - 0 ' ; and the Rights of (helFomen of all Xations. LAKE CITY, UTAH, OCTOBER 15 1S87, ' No. 10. - was clothed upon with much of the the fact that He chose him to preside which the Saints have exhibited power of God, and his face houe aud overllis Church at the departure of through the trials of the past, three was transparently lear, and he closed His servant Briiiham. We feel toank-fu- l years. Their conduct has been adto God our Kteir.al Father that we mirable. They have displayed great-qualitie- s. iu speech, To the Members of the t'liiircli of that The 'forbearance, patience time or iu eternity, with.the following have been permitted to live with and and which they have exof John fortitude President the eniov . society language: Jesus Christ of. Latter-lellovv-laboreare hibited "brethren. I have had iTreatsorrow Taylor aud be his proofs that God has been the him aud them. of t:hiisHHaUoa-witlL with heart for fear that I rTiTglYFrlFTakinr Outrages which, would ilav Saints. from the earth with the keys of the Presidents and Apostles wno have have- goaded arty other people into acts . Kin'-'doof God upon me, without gone before him into the spirit world, of violence have been of frequeit In other communities men - r sealing them upon the heads of other we esteem as a great honor. We take introductory. women would he desperate suder and men. God has head sealed upou ray Dear Brih ren and Sisters : When we shah be such treatment. But the Lord has we shall all have taat the of God of keys It appears proper.at, this Fifty-eight- h nece.-sar- y their society. for organizing and. build- permitted to mingle-igiven His people power to coatrol Conference of the Church ing of themselves and peace has been aiain-tainc- d. Once the of responsibility and more, the up" Church, Zion, of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints, Kingdom fallen Kiots and bloodshed have has over the Church of God upon the earth, and presiding to to been thit aa Epistleofshould be addresyi and even under stidttg' Council avoided, the ttaiats lor thecoralng Upontae the Church, in con- of prepare of.Prerd-den- t the members blood was shed, the when Counselors The Son the I of Man. provocation Apostles. Now, brethren, formity', with the 'custom which has thank God I have lived to see the day Brothers' George Q. community restrained itself. PrejuTaylor, been observed 8t the past live General that I have been enabled to give you Cannon and Joseph F.ofSmith, being dice may. prevent our nation and its Conferences. the Twelve ruleis from acknowledging, at the now members of the Council I have and your endowments, sealed upon your heads all the powers Apostles at the time they were chosen present, how - noble the demeanor of "DEATH OF PRESIDENT TAYLOR. has been" under of the Aaroaic and .Mi lchisedek Priet- - to be members of the First Frrs;dencyT the people "'JL s "s 6 hi e o f ? lKeS po s tie s a f e p re -- boods and ttieir these and taken his since places circumstances, death, have, trying all the Apostleship, wiih with .the strong vented, by circumstances well known keys a?Td powers thereof, which God again as members of that Council. provocations fo ttifc Saints, from appeariug in pubhas sealed upon me; aud I now roll off Fifty seven years aud a half have which they hare had to indulge iu lic, the Church will naturally look ior all the labor, burden and care of this elapstd since the Church was organized.-- outbreaks; yet the time will come from around among those when all tt'is will receive Its proper Church and Kingdom ofGod upon Injooking how recognition and due credit will be ac we associate whom with taeir feelings and hopes respecting your shoulders, and command Saints lor their , the work of our God. "Especially at the you in the name of the Lord Jesus few there are left of those who, under corded the Latter-da- y to lay the magnanimity auci sell control through- present time is deep interest felt in the Christ to round up your shoulders, and the Lord," helped . utterances of the Apostles, because of bear off this Church and Kingdom of foundation of this wo.k and were the out this entire persecution, . the loss vfhich the Church, has sus- God before heaven and earth, and be- companions of the Prophet in the PRIMARY ASSOCIATIONS, ETb. tained in the death of President John fore God, angels and men; and if you early labors connected therewith! In the organizations which have To-da" Taylors Tw ice bef ore has The Church don't do it you will be damned." there Is but one Apostle left been established among our people in mourned trie death of its President, And the same spirit that fllled the of iho.--e who beloneed to the Council all our settlements iu these moun and each time the event has produced room at that time burns m my bosom of the Apostles during the lifetime of the advancement and training tains, at the a profound impression upon its' mem the while I record this testimony, and the Proptiet Joseph, or, indeed, benefit and .ef air classes are amply bers. In this instance this sad event Prophet of God appointed no one else time these valleys were first settled. for. were who provided Among no people of is invested with more. significance than but the Twelve Apostles to stand at The other faitcful Apostles it would have been had it occurred in the head of the Church and direct its ordained under the direction of the whom we know anything haye such have all passed behind provisions been made for tne salvation the ordinary way. President Taylor affairs. Prophet Joseph -te vail. Since the death of President aud care ui the members of society of two years die"Lia Qit THE PRESIDENCY IN THE APOSTLES. ages as amoug "the Latter-da- y and aiiilfne had been compelled to Young four have joined him in the all If we Und our cuildren do not Saints., In lire seclusion, and to refrain from period When . the Prophet Joseph had other world, and in the sime in intelligence and in the as progress ill pnolic association with the people passed members six have been ordamed away by foul assassination, ot of all principles pertaining whom he loved morethan he did life. those who of Twelve the knowledge Council the Apostles. to life the spirit of God possessed and here Through bis decease the Church is and were living in close communion This gives some idea of the changes cause we do file hereafter, It. is be- avail ourselves of called the third time to 'mourn the de- with it, knew the voice of the true which are occurring, and how rapidly those facilities n.;t are placed within which man of an a has is who active new as the stood taking generation parture and were not deceived by the shepherd our We have the Primary Asreach.' as and its President the Prophet, Seer claims ol men who to have part in the building up of Zion. sociations the benefit of for and Iiavelator to this generation. The authority. The bodypretended provided f the Church the young children of our Church, and TnE LABORS OF THE APOSTLES. experience which the Saints have followed the leadership of those whom their in those simple prin- sained through these trials God had chosen, and whom His serThose of us who have been at liberty cipiesinstruction wnicu can understand. We they habeea of exceeding value to them. vant Joseph nad been instructed to to travel, have devoted our time to also have schools f or 7 the"' Sunday" They have learned that God ca leMhis greateponsibTfTty- v is! ti n srthe van o u s b ta kesr-tnirr training and education of those of care of his own work, and that thev The Twelve Apostles, with President meeting with them at their Quarterly larger growth. In them they can learn need not worry nor yield to anxiety or Brlgham Young as their head, became Conferences. Some of us have been the doctrines of salvation and the his doubt concerning its management.-ihe presiding council of the Church laboring in Mexico, others in Arizona, . After the be pre martyrdom of thi Prophet The lessons which the Church then besides visiting the Stakes iu idaho tory offorthe work of God, andThen we greater progress. pared Joseph.there were pretenders who as- learned in regard to the Priesthood. and in Utah. These Quarterly Con nave Mens' and Young the serted that they had the. right to take and the rights bf the Priesthood, have ferences are attended with excellent Young - Mutual h is place, at the head of the Chu rch. ImprovementAsso-- " " When Presi results. The people come together Ladies' which have been organized, as Some were deceived by their preten- dent Young was taken from us, there and receive instructions and coun ciations, names their the develoument ltnply.for sions, not being familiar with the or- was no Jar nor division of sentiment sel upon leading topics, and of the young people-o-f both sexes and der of the Priesthood. 77...ana tne among the much good is derived therefrom. among Apostles; advancement in every thing that people there was scarcely a question as Though it involves considerable labor their THE RESPONSIBILITY OF THE will them for lives" of useful quality to where the risht of Presidency rest for the Apostles to visit them, yet we ness and honor. APOSTLES. But besides these or ed. President John Taylor took the are encouraged In doing so by the ad For some time before his death the position which belonged to him, and vantages which those visits bring to ganizations we have the various coun of the Prietbood, to some office Prophet Joseph was inspired of the the work ot God moved forward with the people m keeping them informed cils Lord to anticipate his own departure out interruption, and with a union and concerning general movements and in which every young man who is irom earthly scenes, l his. was shown harmony on the part of all connected counsel. In these labors we have had worthy can be ordained. The young women, as they increase in years, can in various ways; but especially in the with it, most delightful to wit much Joy and satisfaction, especially great anxiety which he displayed to ness. He! has stood at our head in witnessing the increase of faithful also find a sphere of usefulness in the Belief Societies which have been oroestoir upon the t welve Apostles all for nearly ten years, and during that ness on the part of the Saints. for ihe purpose of assisting the keys, and authority of the Holy period ganized be has possessed the gifts and the and Counselors and SAINTS. THE OF THE PATIENCE. Bishops ue unu wmeu which belonged to bis received, tie iiirnuwu of the Wards in caring for Teachers declared in private and in public that qualifications office and His entire high calling. inougn-manot the leading' men the poor and relieving the wants of the they were equipped and fully qualified, career is one that can be contemplated have been to be absent, compelled and distressed. So that by ami cnai ne nao roiled the kingdom of with the utmost satisfaction and pleas some oi them having been incarcer suffering means of these organizations, which God on to the shoulckrs of the Twelve ure by all who love the truftfand adated in the people have, never are of vast interest to us as a people. v Apostles. ' mire integrity in those who are called theless,prison, been steadfast, and have every one from early childhood to ma PRESIDENT WOODRUFF'S PERSONAL to be servants of God. From the time sought with increased diligence to per can be led forward step bv step. turity, he a was of that the baptized member to Irom one degree of their The duties. TESTIMONY. ioral persecution knowledge to anCuurch until his spiri-- t took its flight which thev have been subjected has other until qualified fully discharge I, Wilford Woodruff, "being the "last from earth, he never wavered in his ad- led the people to think and act for all the duties of perfected toand man living In the flVsh who was pres- vocacy and defense of the principles of honor- themselves, aTid not ..to" depend so able manhood and womanhood. ent upn that occasion feel it a dutyT righteousness. Unier all the varied much upon others for guidance. This owe to the Cuurch of Jeus (Jnrlst'bf circumstances through which he and can not Solar as we know, the sisters who fail to be attendedwith good have Latter-daof the Primary Associat he to. the House of of God to were'called Saints, people pass, results. It is necessary that all the tions charge are doing a most commendable Israel, and to the whole world to bear in the midst of the deocest trials and members of the Church,Jbou!d exerthis ray lastte-tynon- y to allegations, afflictions, his voice was always raised cise their powers ot reason and reflec- -' work in arousing interest in the lit tle ones and in teaching them tbatin the winter, of .1843-4- , Joseph in tones ol encouragement and hope; tion and understand why thoroughly in simple those, lessons Smith, the Prophet of God, called, the and when the storms were the fiercest,- taey take the course which God style points which are adapted to their under Twelve Apostles together in the City he roe to the occasion and always on out; Intelligent obedience the part of rtauYoo, and spent many We hope chat in - all our ' days with displayed undaunted courage and un- of His Sain ts is desired by our Father standings. us in giving us our endowments, settlements these associations will re and flinching devotion ta the Zion of Gdd. in heaven. He given us our agency ceive the constant care and attention teachmg us those glorious principles Iu the providence of God it fell to his to think andhas act for ourselves, of our wisejjnd judicious sisters. The which God had revealed to him. And lot to be with the Josepn and on our own volition, to 'obtain a seed sown in the hearts of the children upon one occasion he stood upon hia Patriarch Hyrum Prophet when they were testimony for ourselves from Him feet in our miast for nearly three martyred for the truth, the instructions by imparted there., ' and he mingled concerning the truth of the principles will hours declaring unto us the great and nis own Dioou with theirs. Though which He produce in vears in w.mp teaches, and then be firm abundant harvest that will gladden the dispensation- - which God had set severely.wounded on that occasion, and unshaken in the performance of nearts oi tne ins hand to perform upon the earth in he miraculously escaped death. He all which is saints who witness it. salvation. for necessary these last days. The room was filled was a man whom the Lord loved. OUR SUNDAY SCHOOLS, ETC. We have felt great satisfaction in as u with consuming fixe ; the Prophet The evidence of this is to be found in witnessing the dignity and courage The progress of the School : EPISU'EE- never-to-be-forgott- en - rs -- - oc-cirre- nce. m - the-Kiugdo- n Simi-ur.niu- n! -- em-concerning some-e-xpression to-da- y, -- -- y . . xilfU-kat-&i- in-pass- -- nl -- -- - never-beenforgott- es. " y . . y - L - -- f ; - Sanday 