WOMAN'S 26 this extension of power, that is sure to come in the near future('(). : Miss Agnata Ramsay, of Girton College,has EXPONENT. and Ransome ' each made after a few words of very encouraging remarks counsel by Bishop Peterson. Sister Gustaverthe son gave some advice to the Secretary; that we had meeting was dismissed, all feeling had a time of rejoicing long to be reraernpnt . been awarded the first rank classics at Cambridge, England. She has surpassed all the male students .in classics, being the only one of either sex to pass in the first division." Her father, Sir James Ramsay, a Scotch baronet, and her uncle, -- Professor George Ramsay, of s Glasgow University, each obtained a in classics when they took their degrees at Oxford. Miss Ramsay has just reached twenty years,and several of her male competitors were older. Her proficiency in Latin and Greek were equal. first-clas- In Cuba a woman never loses her maiden name. After marriage she adds her husband's name to her own. In being spoken of she is always called by her Christian and maiden names. To a stranger it is often quite a task to find out whose wife a woman is. Never hearing the wife called by the husband's name, one naturally does not associate them together. The children take the names of both. parents,, but place the mother's name after the fafner's . We have had some sickness of late, and two of our brethren and one little girl Lave been this settlement. -- Previous to laid- to rest-i- n ' last montOve had three deaths in six years, but we could not expect, to be always so favored. Ever praying for the cause of truth, and success to the Exponent, I. remain, Your siater in the covenant, - - ' June MauyE. Skinner- 27, 1887. WOMEN IN THE EAST. -- J ' Mrs. bequeathed the famous Jersey cows to her husband, but gave to Mrs. Jane H. SpafTbrd, of the Riggs House, Washington, "my- silk t, containing 7,000 pieces; to Mi. James Noble, of Westfield, Mass., the Wallingford table-clotwithout a seam, spun by myself And Viter, and the one hundred and twenty of dimity, made by my. years old grandmother before her marriage, who spun and wove the lining and quilted the same' , - bed-onil- h, bed-qui- lt A. SURPRISE AND A REORGANIZA-TION. - - Kren11111"' et8ry; M-ar- lha Mulan n. BARGAIN IN MUSIC" This Fayorite Album of Songs and Ballads, pieces of choice and popucontaining thirty-twlar music, full sheet music size, with complete words and miicjic and piano accompaniment is finely printed -- upon heavy paper, with a very attractive cover. The following are the titles of the songs and ballads contained in the Favorite AHjum: As Fd Nothing Else to Do; The Dear Old Songs of Home; Mother, Watch 'the Little feet; Oh, You Pretty Blue-eyeWitch; Blue Eyes; Kat)'s Letter; The Passing Bell; I Saw Esau Kissing Kate; Won't You Tell Me Why, Robin; The Old Garden Gate; Down below the Waving Lindens; Faded Leaves; All Among the Summer Roses; Touch the Harp Gently, my Pretty Louise; I Really Don't Think I Shall Marry; Dreaming of Home; The old Cottage Clock; Across the Sea; A Year Ago; Bachelor's Hall; Ruth and Night; One Happy Year! A go; Jennie-in-th- e Orchard; The Old Barn Gate;MackVI ; Polly; Whisper in the Twilight This a very, fine collection of real vocal gems, and gotten up in very handsome stvle. Published in the usual way and bought at a music these 32 pieces would cost 'you $11.20 store, We bought a job lot of this music at a great as the holidays are past, we desire to close out our stock aVonce. Will send vou the entire co ection, well wrappeoSand postpaid, for only 40 cts. Send immediately. Address, The Empire News Co., Syracuse, d " L ! : i i . x.j- ...It.w A i are-well- is-- mcri-ice.au- d fi frond mUta be deaf 'when a slanderer begins to talk. Poetry is the frolic of invention, the dance ot words, and the harmony oi sounds. - Reynolds p j nouse is no nuiiit uiura jl uuuuiius iuuu for the mind as well as- food for the body. - Margard Fuller. fKoflrCiilnflCj 10 fliu lirwrlif fi? flip ifP-nfllP- hearL Pleasant, cheerful conversation should be the rule at the table. .It is a breech of good member of the family to sit breeding down'at the "table' and silently read the daily paper. Saxe. for-on- e OBITUARY. We, the sisters of the Mantua Relief Society, Box Elder Stake, Utah, have formed Resolutions in behalf of ourde-parte- d sister and president, Margretta Keller, who de. life on June 19th, 1S87. She was born the 27th ibis parted of February, 1836, in Veibj, Frederikborg, Arnt, Denmark, and embraced the Gospel of Jenis Christ of Latter-da- y !c; jatllio o On April 27th lastjhe members of the Relief Society of Graham, Arizona, met at the residence of President Annie Jorgansen to give her a surprise before she left, as she was making preparations to join her husband, he having been in Mexico two years. She was on a visit to her daughter's, ten miles distant, so she was completely surprised on her return home to find the house crowded with sisters, and the tables loaded with good things. After all were seated, a few appropriate lines were read by the Secretary, and Sister Jorgan-se- n was presented by the R. S.with a large portrait of our late President, Brigham Yonng handsomely framed. She responded in a very impressive manner, thanking the sisters for their kindness to herself and family; After a,nJ?our or two.spent in pleasant conversation the cojnpan dispersed, wishing Sister Jorgan-se- n a pleasant journey and health and happiness in her new home. , May 4th President Wilmirth East, Counselor Ransome and Stake Secretary, LucinJ a Mary Gu8taveron, met with; the sistersvto assist the Bishop reorganize the Relief "Society. Sister Pauline Freestone was chosen Vercy Stelle and Mary Peterson, (We7crS; e. New-Have- i " - Julia Smith, of Glastonbury, Conn., LT . ''Constantinople," says Postmaster Leeds, "is the ieat of the Mohammedan religicn, but. we must go to the interior to see the customs and religion of the people in the true light; for the efforeigners iu Constantinople have had some for Take fect on the manners of for all women instance the veils worn by the women are veiled in that country. In the inte rior it is ot htavy cloth covered with""horrid figu res, th at. look h i d eons, wM 'e i .oCo.u Ma ntino-pl- e it is delightfully thin and tends rather to improve the looks. ;. ... The Sultan at the' present time has 484 wives. He never marries, but the woman who bears him the first male child he appoints his eultanaj and upon her confers the ring that makes her the legitimate heir. When a jcrting man arrives at the proper age, and hismother and sisters think that he needs a wile, they look about to find one for. him. At the time of the ceremony she arrives, closely veiled, and after the ceremony is performed he lifts the veil and for the first time. see3 the face of his wife. He has eight days in which to decide if he is satisfied with her, and it not he returns her to her parents. A divorce is a mere snap of the finger. Palladium, the-peopl- Mrs. Abba Goold Woolson recently read a treatise on. ''The American Woman Abroad and at Home," before the Lasell Alumua3 Asso-- ' ciation, in which she ridiculed "our fashionable "womeirin TaspifintcTlheTways and mamieTsTof English women by fearing to move in their native land without a chaperone." The Boston Home Journal says: "Mrs. Woolspn does not need a chaperone, but there are a great many women and girls who do need sensible female guardians to keep them from making themselves ridiculous.". 1 ,, - latest art work among ladies is known as the "French Craze" for, decorating china, glassware, etc. It is something cnurciy and fascinating. It new, tfnd is both profitable is very popular in New York, Boston and other hoa in iii irs tit Sinn i" icaiu i u Art, we will end an elegant china placque (18 toinches,) handsomely docbratedTfor a model,, 100 colored degether witn a box of material,' soldiers, signs assorted in 'flowers,-- animal;instrucfull with landscapes, etc:, complete, tions, upon receipt of only $1.00. The placque alone is worth more than the amount charged. To every lady ordering this outfit who encloses r ft in nit n- iiili. , i. u v. i& i . tiii. iiiii i' Ul II IHC ttUUl to whom' wTe can mail our new Art .matters, . l catalogue oi Art uooav we win fuciose cauuand without charge, a beautiful 30 inch, gold" ' ' tinted placque. ' Address, Thc: Empire News Co., Syracuse, N. Y. ' The - v- - ilT CRAZE. A ANOTHER "Rapt T.,uuv. 1 vii, .iJtA ixjji:i j y T".U Vldfl : ; 1855; endured the toil and. hardships of eleven months travel; was married in the year 1856, and raised nine children, of whom two have gone before her. She was chosen President of the R. S. April s6, 1874, and has held that position as a faithful" Saint ever since, and nothing but sickness prevented her from attending her meetings. . Keller, that now is called home to our Feather to rest from this world's labpr and toil; home to a better place of rest' aim pi.av.i.. inc iaiiu saw my wurit uone nere on eartn. thou hast remained true in life, wast a comfort to the poor, a help to the sick and a leader to us alh As our President we miss thee in our association, but the Iord had a hrffpr n1ar " " fnr tho l num in. ' 1 1JUU. . LltXS i -- suffered extremerpain with great patience, thy prayers and desires were to thy God; thy faith ia Him was great and steadfast, for it was built upon a rock. . Thou art missed by thy husband and children thou wert a loving and faithful mother, and an example thou hast been to thy sisters, virtuous, merciful and in 1 . ti v righteous thy dealings; known for thine energy and plainness. It will always be remembered by the sisters of the Mantua Relief Society, and thou art now numbered among the blessed. In the days of sorrow the Father took thee;'jhou bast COnnuered Strife, and nnw' " i H: ...:n was j aone ja win on earth,, and although we feel the loss of thee, yet in" hope we rejoice, and trust we, too, may prove faithful to the end, that we may gain a place with thee in the presence or our Father Here we stand with sorrowfull , Kiavc U4 our Qcar resident; we partt bul it is a. comfort to our grief .that thou hast found sweet relief; thou feared iot death, for thou hadst found favor with thy God. 1 nc sisters of Mantua Relief Society, - y. - Christine Jensex, First Coun., Juliane C. Christiansen, Sec. " 