WOMAN'S EXPONENT. cerning it. - - - , Joseph F.Smith. the plains to the place which the pioneers we g The company arrived in thi expected valley after a tedious journey across the plains in John Tayior was born in Milnthrop Westmoreland County, England, Nov. 1, 1808, and was educated in his native landjjyjt carne to America, Canada,in 1832, then, apfomising, ambitious, but devout young man, a member of.the Methodist Church. His parents had emigrated therein 1830. on increasing' in power in influence, and in all true greatness, until it will accomplish all that God has predicted con- ihe' work, will go We feel to say. to the Latter-da- y Saints; Be comforted! , The same God who tppk care yof the work when Joseph was martyred,who has watched over arid guarded and; upheld it through the long years that have since elapsed,and who has guided its destinies since the departure of Brigham, still watches over it and makes it the object of His care.- John has gone; but God lives. He has founded Ziori. - He has given His people a testimony of this. Cherish it in your heart of hearts, and live so each day that when the end of your mortal lives shall come, you may be counted worthy to go where Joseph, Brigham arid John have gone, and mingle with that glorious throng whose robes have been washed white in 4he- blood of the. Lamb. This is the earnest prayer for all Saints, and for all the honest in heart, of your unworthy servants in Christ, . George Q. Cannon, S7 Hebecome acquainted Canada with Miss Leonora, daughter of Capt. Cannon of the .Isle of Man, to whom he was marriad and settled in Toronto. Subsequently he became a zealous advocate and rather noted preacher of the views of" progressive Methodists,' a people who, like the Campbelliles in New York and Ohio,at least a number of them, seemed to be prepared for the true Gospel when they heard the sound thereof.. The Apostle, Parley P. Pratt carried the Gospel to oon Baptized them and quite a number were Elder Taylor went up to Kirtland in 1837, and on the 8th of July 1838, was called through revelation to the Prophet Joseph, to jbe one of the Twelve' Aposfles and was .ordained to that office on the 19th of December of that year in Missouri, whither he had moved during the period of the sojourn.of the Saints in that state. In the fall of 1839 in company with Elder W. Woodruff, Elder J. Taylor went on a mission to they were both sick with; England. At the-tifever and ague, but nothing daunted, they persevered and filled with honor and success a very important mission. Elder Taylor baptized the first convert in lrcland, a farmer by the name He preached in several places in that country, "then went to Scotland, where he preached in Paisley "arid Glasgow, then returned to" England and from there went to the Isle of Man and succeeded in establishing a branch of the Church on that island. Before he returned to ..Nauvoo, 111., he had traveled without purse or scrip 5,000 miles besides his journeys in the British Isles on foot and on horseback, and had never asked any onq for a farthing, and never lacked for anything. After his return to Nauvoo he became the editor of "The Times and Seasons" and also "The Nauvoo Neighbor," and was a member of the City Council. Apostle Taylor was a bosom friend of the Prophet Joseph and. one of his right hand men. When the Prophet and Patriarch were in Carthage jail, he went with them voluntarily to share theirjmprisonment. On the e ve ning before lhe martyrdom and tragedy in the jail he sang to the Prophet one of his favorite ' hymns " "A poor wayfaring man of grief." to-fi- ... y j j jwas one of the founders of Utah. In 1849 he went on a mission to France; and during his absence translated the Book of Mormon into French and German. In 1854 he published "The Mormon" in New York City, a kind of journal which soon became quite a popular periodical and. was very ably edited. 'Afterthhurden and heat of the day, J he starry calm, of night; After the rough and toilsome way, Asleep in the robe of white." in "The silent chamber faceth the east, Faceth th dawn of day; And the shining feet of our great High Priest - Shall break through the shadows gray" - "The Pilgrim they 'laid the in a large upper chamber facing The name of the chamber sun-risin- g. of-TaF- -- ' Peace." was ' The death of President John Taylor has, ere this date.been telegraphed over the world,wherever telegraph lines extend, there is no doubt. He held the highest' position of honor and trust in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints, hav-in- g succeeded Brigham Young in the Presidency of the Church. In , many respects Purest. Taylor In many other honorable positions and place's civiUartd ecclesiastical he has shown himself an efficient and wise counselor and leader, worthy of .i . r me .1 c jj 01 ii. iue irusi ana connaence people ana ine Saints of God. 1 im-prison- was a remarkable man, and one who would have made a mark : in the world undoubtedly, even if he had not united himself with this Church, but the Gospel gave him a name and fame, he could not otherwise have attained, and he was satisfied. President Taylor was of a religious nature and a man of strong attributes and deep seated convic .1 .1 We publish in this issue on the first page, the 11- lions, tnrougn nis wnoie me ne Has snqwn uiese characteristics; fearless always in the path of letter written by Elder Willard Richards from the . .1 -i ;i-.- l terrible event on the day of the ocuouuuuai tuu v.ry.T:ui iu scene of that ngiii auu mieuseiy when-thoscurrence, great and noble men fell truth. He inclined to literary pursuits, but alto the fury and rage of a cruel relentless victims ways under religious influences, as all his numermob. Remembering it, as the writer does, when ous writings and his poetry testify. His sacred the came into Nauvoo, we cannot help callnews hymns are many of them published in the Latter- ing it the dark days, for it seemed that clouds of day Saints Hymn Book and sung in the congregathe most popular thick black darkness overspread and enveloped tions of the Saints.-Perhap- s that beautiful city. of the hymns and the one the author himself deElder Taylor was able, with his powerful arm lighted in singing is, aided by his cane, to strike down some of the 'The Seer, the Seer, Joseph the Seer." loaded weapons until he was severely wounded, four bullets entering ; his body, another one was The writer recollects hearing him sing it on several occasions, the last time being at a gathering warded off by his watch which stopped and marked in honor of the Prophet Joseph's birthday annithe moment of the fearful massacre. About the time of the' exodus from Nauvoo versary in the i6th Ward Meeting House, Dec. to" 23rd, 1881; having been solicited sing he re." Elder Taylor went with Elders P. P. Pratt and O. Hyde to the British Isles, to attend to business sponded cheerfully, and sang the long hymn matters pertaining to the Church, but returned to through, his voice ringifrg out clear arid deep. In Winter Quarters on the Missouri River in the his younger days he had quite a . powerful voice and was a favorite singer wherever he was known. spring ot 1847 just as the pioneers were leaving He had a remarkably fine voice, for public speakto find a home and resting place for the Saints ing of which he has done a very great deal in somewhere in the region of the Rocky Mountains. . many countries,always laboring faithfully and zealElder Taylor and family left Winter Quarters on ously in the interests of the Gospel,his preaching and s aking accompanied with that power which the 19th of June, 1847, with the first company of bear? witness of the Spirit of God. emigrating Saints which was organized to cross 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 -- ousv-cpuui- c e : - -- .1 . At the death of Brigham Young in connection with theTwelve Apostles- - befng their president he conducted the affairs of the Church,-anat the October Conference, in ,1880, the Quorum of the First Presidency was again organized with John Taylor as President, Prophet, Seer and Revela-towith Geo. Q. Cannon and Joseph F. Smith as his Counselors. Since that time he has filled auu uuiy puiuiuii vnu gictii uiuuj iiuu inai . ... : . u 1. . i u i wiiii iiuiiui. 1 11c iiiauy uiau auu uuaugcb ilmruugu fhf n Lt whirh ihp Saints hav hnrl In na few ye'ars,have proven to the, people that President Taylor was eminently qualified for the office to Knrt Kpon -- allprl arirl ammmtpr? nn1 alcV wWrK" ' i' I that he was equal to all occasions and circumd r, tl. 1 rliii-in- 1 c a ter -- - ; me IN MEMOR.IAM. nd. stances however annoying and perplexing they might be. He was " possessdd of wonderful equanimity and firmness of resolve, combined with those noble qualities and endowments of heart and mind that fitted him for the work theLord nau given mm to ao. lie was a mantne people might always bejsure of as a leader and of whom they might also be justly prowd.. . .. 1.1 rrl ue saiaana! wriiten 01 xnere is mucaf inai migiu this great and good man, who has passed away so recently leaving the Saints over whom he presided as a father and friend in sorrotf, but they mourn not for him without hope and consolation for assured he has joined they feel his comrades and companions and .i muureui anui was associatedj :witn wuii wnom ne l.t. : 1. - : :n men auuieiy aimj win inai uc la lidjjy in ii.: jicicjuu (U.'u not cease to labor there for the redemption of Zion, and.will continue in the scale of progression for ever and ever. The death of President John Taylor occurred on the evening of July 25, 1887. He died, it is said,. like one falling asleep, without pain and without a struggle. On thefollowincr rlav lhpr wpr imWmc rr mourning throughout the city. The Gardo House was very tastefully and heavily draped, and many of the public buildings. Flags were hung at half mast with black streamers floating,but he in vvhose honor' these demonstrations were made, needed not these outward signs; the' sorrow of the people was deep and real arid many were the tears shed for the noble martyr as the news of his demise spread among the Latter-da- y Saints. The funeral services were held in the large Tabernacle in this city, on Friday, July 29th, commencing at 12 m: The body of the late President r had lain in state in the Tabernacle from half past u a, in,, unui .""'I pasi CJCVCU a. UI., tUU several thousands of people had viewed his TL fellow-labore- rs t-- .- ;- oi-it- "Weep not that his trials are over, weep not that his race is run, God grant we may rest as calmly, when our work like his - is done! - - Till then let us yield in gladness, our treasures to God to ; keep And rejoice in the sweet assurance He giveth His loved ones sleep." ' 