WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 138 David II. Peery returned to the army, and in his absence the Union troops descended upon the place, and fired his palatial residence and stores of merchandise. After this succession of disasters, Jie found himself still further His goods were gone;" his landed possessions were rendered comparatively valueless; and his tens of thousands of dollars in book accounts and nates-were- either destroyed, or. worthless rendered temp()raHly by the death or finkiU'i:il ruin of hi debtors;. So situated, the ; spring of 18G4 found them. By this time Mrs. HiL'orinbot.ham had been able to impress upon- - the .mind of her son-in- law her .own anxiety to emigrate to Zion.: ' After much anxious pleading on her part, he consented to 'go with her, and she determined' . . i i. riTtr .1 i lu lane me nisi opportunity, oecause ner pre-- , viuu delav had been attended bv such a series of awful disasters, that she would no longer provoke fate. David H. Peery's faith in the Gosel had now grown active and enthralling. He, and young Simon withdrew from the army and sent substitutes; but the conscription in r. jithis las.t epoch of the struggle had become o universal and" so strict in the South, that if they departed it must be by stealth. Mrs. Higginbotham gathered the few remnants of in her own property and aided her I'm his available mean; and then accumulating under her advice David and Simon left Burkes Garden in the night on horseback', to travel to Catlettsburg, Kentucky, where they were to re-duc- . ' ' -- L i , . son-in-la- w the Chinch of Jesus Christ of . Saints. lead them through the mountains aver to miles, where distance of seventy-fivthey were to unite themselves with David and When Francis remonstrated against Simon leaving her, she told him that she arid her two girls would stay with the wagons and the Cat-lettsburg- .a e b-j- drive the other. -- She packed away under the false bottom of a trunk $1400.00 in coin, to Mr. Peery; and 8300.00 in gold, belonging to herself, she secreted on her own person, 'One night, just before she was going to depart, envious neicnoors broke into the stables, loosed her horses and drove them away. TT...1 be-longi- ng the stock, and this time, in order to make her departure a certainty, she went to one CoK Swan, a Confederate, officer of her acquaintance, and frankly told him of her troubles. She said that she was a Mormon, and that she desired to leave for Utah with such little property as the calamitou3waf had left to her. The Colonel gave her a military escort of fif teen men to accompany her through the Confederate lines; and she journeyed in safety to the banks of the Big Sandy, where the soldiers were obliged to leave her. This was one of the most dangerous spots imaginable, for it was directly on the line between the two opposthis was an hour, too, of pecuing forces;-anbecause all the original bitterness of liar peril, : i i j i iL .1 i:r iue ssiriio iiau ueeu mousmeu oy inree long and bloody years, besides, the region between the two armies was. infested by guerillas, who and who spared neither friends nor" enemies, i wwm uaui no regaru.j ior age or sex. caster tiiggm-bothawas a heroine as great as any sung of in classic story. Without shedding she saw her escort depart and leave her with one dear daughter, just blossoming into girlhood, one precious little grandchild, and two young boys, to face all the dangers of that guerilla-infeste- d region- .- The first night after her escort left her, her party camped on the banks of . , W..A.i.. I.,.. ottuujr lu oine mysteTioug way sne mtrxjig received an intimation that robbers had hovered about her path, and that they were intending to descend upon her camp, murder the'ljoys, steal the horses, and escape with all the portables of value. Without a moment's hesitation she instructed her son and his companion to take the horses up the river, and there secure a trustworthy guide who could 1 " 1 n-- m r, . 1 1 . . Louisa Ward Higginbotham ".has left to her kindred an unstained memory. Her gobdne was known wherever htr1 name was spoken and w i L be'reni e m berl Jbj hum red s whose . 1 . - : .. - L . ,1 property, and without any earthly proteeto r oniy reiauuij.MJip iu ua .waanuougii me ijog. She was strikingly unostentatious iu they would still be kept ill safety, and that pel s and speech; and yet sn they would join him at Catlettsburg: Some dress, denlt anor iu in. refined appearance, maiiner hours after the boys had dep uted the guerillas calm &ml "n6t one could that faLLto. assailed the little cam pi' They ransacked the J and in language, a of as birth her culand good lady twowagons, but lulled to nud any .01 tne recognize m6ney. They took such things as. they wanted, - ture.- In the home circle her hospitality ami Outside that tenderness-- - were' unbounded. and Sister Higginbotham offered no resistance and solicited no favor, since she believed that circle; her gentle deeds and ministrations to either would be fruitless. But finally in overworthy ones in need j.vere constant, and were so turning a truuk the robbers discovered the rjuietly bestowed that tiny were twice a blessing. clothing and jewelry of her dead daughter 'She "was conscientious in every word and deed; and in any matter of right she was as firm as .Nancy, and these things appearing valuable, granite. It. is. not often that we meet any they exultingly seized and apportioned them especially a woman; who 'possesses . unamong the members of tlrerr ganf.. This outmore than she could bear, 'and she demonstrative strength.,' but Sister Hiir-riiirage marked debothani had this rare quality-in- a screamed with pain and anger. Fortunately, she was heard by a Mrs. Blackburn," who live gree.- .Her persistence in. pursuit of a purpose in that vicinity, and who hastened from her h illustrated by the great labor of her love J . distre.-slife. In the days of her affluence and call The and of residence to answer the . . ' r i. ro b b rs rfe a r i n g to b eid en tified "by "on ew"hn TYVT Inw t tJ , , , die truth. To it she sacrificed all the could expose them to the vengeance of the g of this world; and she persemilitary authorities, fled. Sister Higginbotham'. favor and found entertainment ai the Blackburn residence' vered until she' brought those nearest and deare.-- t to her into the Church. Her integrity, came down for a day or two, until a flat-bothe river; and upon this she took passage with her patience, her tender goodness, her courage, to receive an. ex- her two girls and such of her property as was were sublime. She '.remaining after the assault of the mercenaries; - edin; rit cat reward. May" those whoi were and then she journeyeiriumparat ve safety' loved and oJessed 111 iier Tire iearn me jesson II. and comfort to Catlettsburg where she found taught by her jieaceful death. David, Simon and, Francis in good health, but verv anxious concerning her. NOTES ABOUT WOMEN. Tnej)arty went to Omaha by boat, having previously disposed of their horses. I hey ex Miss .Maud Howe- was - married, Feb. 7, to at Omaha to join a company of Latter pected . a .1 ... Mr. John Elliott, the English artist whom she .!. .id. u..: o:..i met iirst in Koine. across the plains; but they were disappointed in their hope. They purchased oxen for their Miss Ada Kurtz has- been wagons and united with a company of- Missouri Deputy Sheriff of Franklin County, Pa. She wlitf them and to were not of people, strangers . has served one term with credit. 1 . their faith- lhey traveled in peace for some Miss Jean Ingelow, it 'w said, is likely to be days, but their companions (soiiiC of wh6m were from the mobocratic regions Oi Missouri), awarded one of the annuities given by the discovered that sister Higginbotham and her . Crown for distinguished literary services. family were Mormons, and the cruel people, Mr. Labouchere hears that Queen Victoria having horse teams, deserted the little party wants Prince Alexander 73 f Bulgaria to wed upon the plains and left them to fight their the Duchees of Albany and settle down in way across unprotected and alone. Our friends ' England on S 10,000 a year. proceeded pluckily, though slowly; and buLa snort time alter tney were deserted tney round Miss Elleii Scanlanof Baltimore, has been the remains of the horse train. Most of the sent to Italy by Cardinal Gibbons to pursue men had been slain, the wagons plundered, is & poor and the stock stolen by Indians. Only a few her musical studies. Her .father laborer, but the cardinal, who is a great lover people survived, and they were very glad to will furnish the means for her educaof rejoin the party of Mr. Peery and" travel with tion.music, ' to the mountains. his After reaching Utah, Sister Higginbotham Mrs. "Logan will make her first contribution resided at. Provo for a brief period, and then tor, in the. Chautauquan for magazine pages came to Ogden. In the meantime the strou February. The subject is "Official Etiquette ties which had long existed between her family She ha3 also prepared for iuJVYashington," and David H. Peery were doubled by himar- - ' another, number of this1 magazine a paper on riage wun ner oniy surviving ciaugnter-Elizabe- th "Women in the departments at Wathington Letitia. The struggles, privations and dangers of " .Mrs. Sallie F. Chapin, of South' Carolina, . her life were then ended, and she passed twenty was chosen president, and Miss M. L. Hatchett, of North Carolina, secretary, ot.the VYomaii yearns of serenity. She enjoyed the blessings of the Temple, and performed labor there for Press Association of the South"; which .was her departed kindred She was made happy lately organized at Greenboro', N. C P by seeing her three children, surviving out of "a 'iet of the Association, a3 defined in its Constifamily of seven, and also the dear daughter tutiou, is "to stimulate, encourage and develop am of her departed Nancy, literary talent in and of the South, and to - comfortably established :lnlife7aud "all'filled- with love for the .Gospel. such writers as are found worthy to gam reconHer two sons, Siraonnd Francis, are mernition in the world ot letters. 11 p"r'chants," and her daughter is the wife of Ogden's further, to provide a' communication between Mayor and wealthiest citizen; while Nancy's women writers, and to secure an tne ueucu is married to Charles C. It already girl Richards, a sultinrr from orfranizp.d effort. Caro and South and includes of from North, member young lawyer Ogden. Sister Higginbotham's descendents number lina Virginia, Florida, Texas, Louisana, ueor-- , three children, eighteen grandchildren and Illinois, New Jersey, New York, Maryland gia three all of whom are in and the District ot Oolumbia. 1 J.1 1 she-wa- per-soi- l, . T" 1 TT 1 1 1 1 1 1 ;I -- jf ble-sin- " at ha-?-gone 1 . into which she packed all the valuables belonging to Mr. Peery and herself which she could safely carry; obtained a considerable number of good horses, and secured a nephew of Mr, ' below the draft age, to Peery, a young Latter-da- y 1 , 1 1 1 - r 1 - ., - - -- . ox-tea- : - well-know- great-grandchildre- n, n 