vmir Tpnnrts are correct and in readiness at father, and it is thought that the President Ex. will make her tenure permanent time.1' Spoke of the , Stake Fundi gratifying to observe the great pains taken by "the proper uv via a yeax iii snouiu gnu ' The Woman's Congress, of which Mrs. Julia the otiicers of the Associations in the training that eaCU orancu rn one the to pu purposes, of tne.se little ones in the paths oi Wardillowe is President, will meet in Masonic the other and uses; were thought young Stake the A. I'. of stationery the The officer! of T.mnlp Kw York on the 26th. 27th and 28th a should ladies as have; .separate organization, SorosisaudaheJewYork.LocaLConi-- sustained by .the Vote, of the conference t- - t t. t t, t. zr: linsts , ' ue j uem Primnut several the conjoint, meetings migui jiiouiui), mittes to the A.--A great pre- they stood, aud alio those, of and of brethren of the the was knew it feelings Ward South the in mc vMugira, ana aries in except parations to enieruuu or- well useful week of Nephi, Sister Maggie Jenkins having re- Sister Snow Smith, that they should be a3 as an enjoyablea and was ganized separately. accepted, i3 anticipated. All women who expect to attend, signed; her resignation in lier Teasdale Prest. faithful expressed pleasure for her tendered her vote of thanks whether members or not, are requested to send "services. Sister Jane Booth was nominated seeing so large a congregation, and that there their names. to Mrs. Geo.'. W. Townsend, 351 instruction such been had Sister of in good hoped given; placer and sustained as. President Pearl Street, New York. The publications of . Ann Jareu ana all would renew their diligence, and labor tho Association are no longer mailed to those M.. Jenkins, resigned,-wit- h faithfully in the time to come. Stella Neff as Counselors. whose dues are in arrears. Officers of" the Stake Y. L. M. I. A. and of The conference was adjourned for three months. Singing, "Open the door for the the several Associations in the' Stake were OBITUARY. children." Benediction by Elder H. McCune. unanimously sustained, and conference was ad"three months. for "Utah, Singing, journed, ' Died, at Gunnison, Sanpete Co., Utah, October 17UY the Queen of the West." Prayer by Patriarch X. L. JU,AJJ STAKE.; 1887, Sarah Copley, daughter of John and Ellen Gilmer, '. J. G. Bigler. v and widow- - of John Copley. She was born May 10th, The Y.' L. M. I. A. Conference of Juab Stake convened in the meeting house at xsephi, 1818, in Lanarkshire, Scotland; was baptized in 1847, by Elder U rn. Livingstone, at Ardry,- Scotland; kept an open at 2 p.m., iMrs. Matilda E. Teasdale presiding. A SUCCESSFUL SURPRISE. was very ing, especially, ;was very fine, and. it ' -- I 1 Stake-lreasuryro- r . -- : : - x T are-maki- the-ward- ng s, - ' . - .. 1 I ; - - house for the Elders in Dundee Branch from 1850 until she After ringing, prayer was olfertd by Elder H. her with McCune. and the choir sau'jf, "Earth emigrated to Utah in 1863; moved to Gunnison in 1866. the school mVht Last Ward house Fourth Was. Presidentof the Gunnison JeliefSocieryom J une 'fpn thousand flowers," ' Minutes of the 20th wasmade the scene, of an entertain-- " "enjoyable 28th, 1875, until the day of her death. To the sick and the quarterly conference were then rt ad and apor Mrs. Jane b.. Kichards, honor merit in given Y. L. needy she has made herself especially endeared; through proved; also .reports from the several President of' the Relief Society in this County. her Stake. Associations in the sympathy for the sufferings of others, she had a keen The affair was arranged by the Fourth Vard her kind heart- eye to observe where help was needed.-an- d Opening remarks by -- Socie u n a- and willing hand administered it wifTFSairilly discretion. to the occasfon, and calculated to a wan en an and her Mrs. Stratford, President, counselors, She died a firm believer in all the principles f the Gospel. interest in the young sisters to improve Mr i. Elizabeth Parkinson; Maria and Chambers H. M. a knowledge of those things which and were supported in the plau by Mrs. they Oct. 28th, 1887. would exalt, refine and purity them. Song, L. W. Bhurtliflcounselor toTtHe Relief Sociey he "The Gipsy's Cfiild," sung by one young stake presidency. The entertainment was a MauuThe manner. ladies in a veryTotichin -y j Younfn Ladies' complete surprise to ;ivirs. Jtticnaras and her Bfrint nsmpr. entitled , ' :2 were I be invited to asit family. They present i Journal," was read, by Miss Louie Udall in a a wueu auu iitucuu iMia. xvicnaras uj jLueenu, with excellent expression. :very clear voice, and discovered the real nature of the gathering she "The Organ Builder" was eloquently recited. was overcome by emotion-Speeche- s, Miss bchoheld, President JNephi I. L., made songs, instrumental music and some excellent remarks, and urged upon the brief addresses filled the time except when the young the. necessity of improvement. was at the supper tables. Every Mrs. Jb. 15. Wells adaressd the meeting on company of the picnic and entertainment was a the subject of education and the cultivation of feature success. Apostle Richards was present and the highest and holiest attributes of the human made some instructive remarks. snulr SAT,T LAKE CITY. An eloquent and touching address was read Mrs. E. S. Taylor, President of the Central to Mrs. Richards. It was signed bv the offi, Board of Y. L. M.T. A., occupied mo?t of the cers and "members of the FourthVurd Re- afternoon in giving instruction to the young lief Society and it expressed the love and conladies. Wanted them to leei the importance The fidence ot all in Mrs. Richards. A tasteful of attendiug their meetings, and improving their time and talents, and i)uttiur their talents little memento accompanied the address. Mrs. "Richards respouded toward the close of the to usury, and the reward would .be" sure. n entertainment with words and full Urged the necessity of a testimony to the truth of and gentleness help. of the .Gospel; if they could obtain that, they The was a success in every way,and the surprise might be ahle to stand the trials of the times ladies who managed it are to .be congratu lated in which we live and which are prophesied ot. upon the good taste with which the affair was Advised them in reference to choosing a com" K. conducted. Ogden Herald. for choose the man "Let life; said, pauiuu you Oct. 20, 1857. be a man ot God, who will be pure; make virtue&id purity more than your'iif'e. It you do now choose such a husband, you will be ' NOTES AND NEWS. more or less contaminated; 'Evil communica6c CO., tions corrupt good manners;' cultivate politeTINNERS, CAS, WATER & STEAM FITTERS Mrs. Sawyer, wife of the Mayor of ness, courtesy, kindness and love." RecomLincoln, mended cheerfulness; liked to see the young was recently admitted to the bar of Nebraska.' for RUMSEY'S celebrated LIFTand FORCE PUMP.S. s'hould and God house the. of Pumps Repaired on short notice. Order irom glad joytus, but, Mrs. Bradwell has the for Myra the be country promptly responded to. not decrated by irivolous behavior. "Do eighteenth Jbr- year prepared the A4drasj. DAVID JAJiE3. Ba 306. SALT session x kiiow mis urospei is true.' publication laws CITT. xes, 1 Know it of Illinois. , the shadow of contradictiou.,' beyond Urged the girls to read the newspapers and MissjAda Lee, an attorney in port Huron study politics; spoke of the suffrage, and said, to has held the office of circuit Mich., court com"When women have the right to vote they will j missioner for three years. not have many because they naturLearn, housekeeping; make ally are pure. Miss Mary Tillinghurst, who has designed a home and lather and mother happy; cultivate Vill be found the latest window for a church in New York is painted styles and pioductlons flowers; encourage a love for the beautiful; I said to be the in first v" ... American woman emwish I could setyou all down hi Golden Gate ployed in ecclesiastical work. She is the same LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, Park inSau Francisco, U) behold its beauty; it who was paid a fabulous sum lady Vander-bilFANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, is a most beautitul sight and you would by t tor some tapestry hangings. enjoy it." In regard to marrying outside the Church, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES, eaid to the girls, "Uou't let it be the case with And an elegant assortmenf of enCousensJusppointed marshal any of you." Eucouraged the yJuug to be in St. Louis, is the fir-- t married in the house ot the Lord and begin woman who ever held such a place. She is dePartmentol-Ladi- e8, life right. "Perform well all duties; see that Misses' and o?601 appointed by Justice Miller to succeed her bhoes. 112, 114, 116, 118 Eat Temple Sire . est-Teasdalersuited ndr-Uielirection-o- rs-Ma- f-1 rian and-obtai- - - or-t- r ili y ry H., OMAS ME MP fi ll -- Leading Retail . Cash House well-chose- -- - ' E-- , THOMAS Tiul:B -- -- Special rum-hole- s, the Ladies. AT TEASDEL'S " ' . Jit nb DRY; Q-OOLS- ;,; In-ant- 's 