19 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. THE DEAR DEPARTRD. Another dear one gone foreverl -"-. Another glad spirit has flown; Passed over the dark mystic river r To the land olV the Great Unknown. Approaching almost to its border, . -- areund us reigns silence and shadow, Mysterious darkness and gloom; And we pray for an angel of mercy To roll back the stone from the tomb. -- f es -- ill-fate- - ' For peace reigns supreme through those borders, L. M. HKWLINC . ' - THE WORD OF 1 My Dear Sisters: The subject I shall take to treat upon, is one '.which I consider of vital importance to every Latter-da- y Saint, or to those who aspire to that important position, in a temporal point of view, and to our temporal welfare. This important subject is the Word of Wisdom. Now dear sisters, don't shrug r your shoulders Or thrOW YOUr heads With Bllfih R mntAmnfnnna toss, although I don't really think a constant of the Exponent reader - n ...would. .ever indulge O t suca any leenng, ioii mint itinspireTto "a" better spirit and loftier ideas in regard to any principle connected with our holy religion. Notwithstanding the subject has been treated upon so extensively, and scarcely a Sabbath passes but some of our brethren speak in regard to it; yet how many, yes very many, are utterly indifferent to its teachings. There is not another revelation in the Book of Doc and --Cov., that is written with such plainness and simplicity, or as easy to be comprehended as the one on the Word of Wisdom. It is adapted m - T " 1 -- Editor Exponent: 1 - . WISDOM. I d - And His love prevails over all. REFLECTIONS ON ed - We watch the true signal lights burning, We trust to reach haven at last, And with those whose loss we are mourning Rejoice that all danger is past. - . Atchison, Kansas. . . . the-dar- - handed down to each succeeding generation! These are the two objects of attraction, connected with the life and times of Queen Mary and to the jnost casual observto the sight-see- r er, also to anyone who enters the city from the east by the railroad, and gray and sombre do walking, before we get weary or 'faint. they appear- - Curious individuals pry into the We, as a people, believe accordiogio the predictions of both ancient and modern prophets, crumbling creviced walls and across the grass that a destroying scourge should sweep over the grown floor of the ecclesiastical ruin, thinking earth in the last days. Therefore, the Lord perchance to find some relic of monkish order or iormer occu in His given His, Saints this, or to see some sign indicative "others equally as curious strain warning, that they, through giving heed to it, nancv: whilst their optics, endeavoring to catch a glimpse of should have great faith given them, that they the once bright crimson stain of may have power to rebuke the power 01 the deRizzie's blood on the floor of Holyrood, and stroyer through the exercise of the healing some do even profess to see it yet! . ordinances. Three hundred years have fled since took But where will our faith be, if we wilfully e'en 0 f Scottsr neglect to obey these laws that are laid down pla ce- the execution otMary Qu for our protection? I am very much afraid, if Historic, memories'are proverbially short, and in the crush and buzz of daily life little room we have any at all, it will be very weak. And i3 left for contemplation of the "mighty dead." again in the commencement of. the revelation Queen Mary's life and death were so fateful, the Lord gives the reason for giving this warnand tragedy, ing. He says, "In consequence of evils 'and so streaked with romance, pathos that he would be a prosaic Scotsman indeed, designs whichdo and wUexistjn theniindsof who did hot find" stirring within him mingled designing men in the last days, 1 have warned and admiration. you by giving you this word vof wisdom by feelings of sorrow With the learned controversies regarding : revelation, and it is connected with their temreader can have little poral salvation." Now what evils and designs -- Queen Mary the average will exist in the minds of these designing men, to do. It is possible to suspend judgement ia will it not be to poison or introduce adulterated regard to the long controversy which ha3 waged interest compouuds into the tea, coffee, tobacco, and round the hapless Queen,wilhout losing in the be some truth liquors of alt kinds to such an extent that it in her career. There may for the jealousy advanced will corrupt our systems to 6uch a degree that political reasons shown by Elizabeth towards Mary,but not even we will be incapable of resisting disease? while those who honor this law, their systems will be the rudeness of the time, nor a belief iu Mary's justify the Queen of England pure and uncorrupted by any of these vile badness could conduct which would disgrace in displaying compounds that brings wealth to the producer, Whatever historians but death and destruction to the consumer. I even a Lady Macbeth.: -- Queen's life there-c-an f thedo hope and pray that the Saints of God may may think-obe but one opinion regarding the simple have their eyes opened, to the necessity of obeyher death. None but ing these laws in their entirety, that they may and touching heroism ofthe a woman gifted beyond average, could have have faith to rebuke the power of the destroyer with herselfin their households when the judgments of God acquitted Mary's fortitude on the day of the execution. "I forgive you,'' she shall sweep the earth. !7 Sarah. : said to her executioner j ''for now I hope you shall end all my troubles." On the scaffold Mary bade her "domestics adieu, smiling and AND MARY HOLYROOD. QUEEN -- waving her hand. They , stepped back from the scaffold as the Queen repeated on lier knees High up on a ledge, overlooking the dark, the first lines of the psalm In thee, 0 Lord, rippling waters of St. Margaret's Loch, and in have I put my trust." Blindfolded, Mary felt view off the rolling waters of the Forth and "for the block, muttering as she stretched out 1"' Ai .1 ry 11 tne superD1.. city 01 n.ainDurgn, stands the her once admired neck, "Iu thee 0 Lord," do I solemn ruins of St. Anthony's Chapel, slowly put my trust, let me never be ashamed." The -tenedifice once ancient" crumbling away, ran blow was then struck, which brought to a close anted some three centuries ago by Father Bea life, which in spite of its. frailties, will conherrtramthe Monk of St. Anthony the last tinue to touch through" all time the hearts of The cell he mit of Salisbury crags. occupied Scotsmen. It may suit the jaundiced genius of was situated close beside the west wall of the Froude to depict Mary, as a monster of iniquity, small chapel, but the foundational of the former but ordinary people will prefer to admire the lower than that of the latter, Scottish Queen, while the memory ofcElizabeth being a few feet formed rock one of its walls and will forever be black with the murder of a sis natural the gave to it the appearance of being hewn out of ter. solid stone. It consisted of.only one apartment, N. W. MACLEOD. sixteen feet long by twelve broad and eight feet in height and was altogether a hovel of the Mr3. May Wright Sewall urged in behalf of meanest discription. The furniture consisted douwoman suffrage, at a recent convention: First, of a bench of dry turf, which served the ble purpose of a seat and bed, and reached on that working " for woman suffrage commits the hearth to the door. one onW to a belief that the ballot should... be . one aide oLthe cell-froIn one corner was a cupboard in the wall, and granted to women, and does not involve one in the corner the endorsement of any opinion which may be the - fireplace in above move-- J opposite was a small oven of stone used eutertained by leaders of the suffragl for cooking his victuals and baking his bread. meht upon any other question. Second, that These together with two large stones covered the doctrine of evolution fortifies the expectation of the discovery of hitherto, hidden with turf for hi3 visitors to sit upon, constituted the tout ensemble of the interior of hi3 lonely spiritual forces, as well a3 of hitherto hidden abode. physical forces. A generation that has found This melancholy remnant of bygone ages a subtle, invisible vapor hidden in the pores of overlooks the palace of Holyrood, a place pregdeep buried rock, which can heat and light the nant with thrilling memories of the past as beworld, ought not to be incredulous when asing associated with the history of Mary Queen of sured that the capacities hitherto undreamed ind Scots! Ah,if these dumb walls could speakjif these of are discovered in the everlasting hills which embrace this structure in tellectual and moral nature of women, ill-starr- Search through the still cities of marble In vain for the pure spirit flown; To heart's cry comes back the weird echo, "Never more returning to cheer.'" We shrink back, yet long to pass over Death's mystical river so drear. -- 1 . We wonder ani question and marvel, And trace precious names on the stone, There storms cannot reach us, nor sorrows, Nor grief shall our spirits appal, 1 great-mercyh- as ' All ' y re-ech- o -- by time's tide flowing on, With hand-shade- d eyes now we follow, ' Seeking after the loved one just gone. Passing through affliction's deep waters, With heart's eager cry to the throne, "O whither, dear Heavenly Father, May we seek the spirit now flown?" Wave-washe- d heart-treasur- ... Saints. iJVith a promise that if we give heed to those sayings we shall run, and not weary, walk, and notfaint.and the destroying angel shall pass us by as it did the children of Israel, and not slay us. We are promised great wisdom, and the proper .exercise of this wisdom, would prompt us to stop running or Latter-da- And yet through the cloud of our sorrow, Hope points away over the heights, And whispers, " There'll come a Whose glory no power can blight." Faint falls on our ear the low murmur, "No harm can the faithful betide; Weep not, for the tears of the mourner Are staid, in those realms glorified." Time's current is silently bearing ' Precious crafts afar ouj, to sea, Dear vessels, with laden No mortal may evermore see; ; Yet we trace in a far off harbor, That touches the evergreeo shore. Now quietly lying at anchor, White ships whose voyage's are o'er And I know that sooner or later The summons. will come unto me, - And wait fer tke voice of the Master That will cheer me o'er k sea. the voices could but arms their . I - - rocky .1 H of the past, what a history they couia ten independent of what is" already recorded and to the capacity of all, who may, or can be called . . little-explore- -- . 