I - j I "V..,.-- ' I ... 1 VOL. , ii. - i c , , ...ni.nr -- ...in. ii in. in.,,, - -.-- - ' - r urn, UfAUrSiSrTilBgR .15, 1882. ; - , juAJtvi : .V. t -t j- - : V' Ko. S. -r ling constellations at: this moment in. conjunccould easily imagine ministering spirits waiting live round to hand to U3 oar favorite Author; or beMaking Shakspere again every ia all . hb own of loved Poet, or venerated Statesman, or appreci- pight gorgeous glory person-? ficatibn of the passions of humanity iu all their . ated philanthropist, the feminine and the masmysterious working for good, or lor evil; pre-- culine are equally yoked in this galaxy of their seuting a rairror.m :which the fprm and labora and - their- - songs tire DuHtdTfoT evezv . pressure" of virtue is peen in all her glory, and And a3 we enjoy the feast prerjared for vice in all its frightful deformity ,to be shunned .us-- n ever forget the: men tai purveyors, whose ; and the letters ! since the blessing labor is often, onerous, often ill paid, often ? of cheap postage was given to the public, every- ;wittouman body ha3 become a writer. Rowland Hill, still, this day, fortunes have been made even by the of blessed memory, wa3 the first mover ia this ilDi-jiid-fcipformerly was not the case. When 'Milton's gretJjeriewGtafliieeTerrrestecT tiirthe" was an established fact penny postage "Paradise Lost,"wa3 scarcely noticed, and only throughout the united kingdom of Great Brittan. The fetched fifteen pounds ! since that time it has became letter public realized its thousands. Milton, Doctor Johnwriters, every mind hasted to correspond with it3 beloved ones, and with son, Goldsmith, and a host of aj great men Jto congenial- - mind; every ono told its' tale in passed through poverty and neglect, and great : to. thev and the heart that wa3 writing eye, privations, to reach the pinnacle they attained, to receive it mother and upon which they stand forever; for that at sat once panting every and became a writer to her boy, or girl down, which ha3 immOrtailty within it can never bo " far away; told them how she loved, add how destroyed. she prayed for them; urged them on to virtue, and to duty, to honor and honesty, and wound SCENES AND INCIDENTS INNAUVOO Rowland Hill a mother's blessing, UP7 giving for having opened up the way for "every person BY. HELEil MAR WHITNEYr to . communicate with the loved ones. -- Letters In looking over letters written by my signed, sealed, and delivered, all for one 7 ; penny. parents, during the days ofjny childhood, I: Well might that country., raise a noble mon- find recorded many a'forgotten incident; somo " ument to that philanthromc mani who had pfwhicli iirelpleasing- ,-- given Untold3TesiTng, jmd: dwell upon bringing back "the love and the wiejr um eu. y nis aia Knowieage nasspreaa joy, the pain and the sorrows, that were shared iilike water flowing over-thirsand has by them who have, long since, passed to a ground, haven of rest, where there are no more tears, fertilized, and made productive, that which before lay barren and destitute, yet possessing nor anguish and where the. tears of death can within itself all the germs of intelligence,of!ove, never come. of a yearning to communicate, and amalgamOne reminiscence serves to revive another, custom but and among other incidents is the following. ate; familiarizes, a new generation has risen up, and the noble-- benefactor is almost which I will relate, with the hope that it beneficial tomyyoung sisters, as it forgotten. Y et, this penny postage was an untold "benefaction to the Englisn people it came very near ending my earthly existence. raised a highway for the communication of I believe it wa3 in the early part of March in mind with mind, by the aid of that tiny 1842; at all events my fatherland mother had the instrument, gone down to Quincy and left a young woman pen! and was an unseen, but in with us, to take charge of matters and things the unsleeping power spreading principles Latter-day of the while they were gone. Before they returned work, over those favored Yes favored . is tho word, for a kingdoms. my eldest brother and myself were invited to -host .&ttendan heard and received, and continued evening party- - in the neighborhood mighty to live the life giving principles which it enunwhere wc first settled, when the place was called Commerce. ciated; and which were often promulgated, fed, Laying off my winter and kept alive by the "penny postage." on lawn dress and cotton a clothing I put The mechanic, the peasant, and the stockings, and thin slippers in the place of boots, never giving a thought that it could Village girl, became writers, that they might me. I wis wrapped in a good shawl but hurt a upon theme, that had raised them v expatiate as we drove in an open carriage, the cold bleak to a higher platform than thev had ever before stood upon; it held before to my vitals, and the . wind pierced through mirroJiin memji -- which beheld was that I was thrown intb self7andwith wonder and consequence they what was considered a quick consumption, delight they rejoiced therein. A noble monufrom which there was but little hope of my been ment ha3 raised to Rowland Hill, which recovery, though I was kept in ignorance of speaks ;well for the appreciation of the British condition until after the danger was my-tru-e public' for-t- he Now we must speakaifew-word- s over. I was not- - sickinbed, but 1 looked like a walking ghost, and it took but a few 'authorfThsworlds of books.. Think of the mental labor that has produced those volumes step3 toxhaust what little strength I had. No of intrinsic worth! of the sweat of the 'brain pains were spared and hothin g that affection ' could prompt, or faith and skill accomplish and palpitations of the heart, that-- this Her' that y was left untried, though I sometimes culean labor nas occasioned. How many eyes noticed their anxious and careworn' looks. gaze on those collossal libraries, yet never give a passing thought to the minds that have proEarly one morning in the Fall of the year duced them! but we will leave those tomes of my father had William hitch up his horse and labor-era wondrous lore, and consider the mental buggy and take me up to the Temple, where!; he met us. He took me to tho Font under the of our ownime3Again wh at immense-librarie- s, Temple into which the water had been pumped public and private, and the circulatthe day before and there baptized me for my ing libraries, books every where. Intellectual tables spread continually, day and night with health, which I regained more rapidly from that time. . viands suiting every palate, and every taite; wo tion Tboraftrajludjr nooks in tbo world's Wghway, Where wo rest from the beat, and dust of day, ; Where tlio grasa and flovrcra spring fresh and bright, And tho fountains sparkle like gems of light. Where weary ones may stop and think O'er life's deep lessons, and, while they drink Of the peace that reigns in this haven dear... J -- Find uappyrespito frompaki and fear. - i - hate-cU-Thc- . It is well, for life's object had no'er bcea won, ror the sonl wonld faint ere the day was done, And thelIgrLmJitaiLbeJa.Id-asld- r Ere half way orer the desert wide. If the aching feet conld find no rest, the heart with songs of joy be bleBt; For though the rose may hare Its thorn, It cannot of its sweets be shorn. ! a - Itfor ; . Bat God is good, for the light and shade, The bitter and sweet, his hand hath made, 9 And dealt in portions just and fair; . . . . . . " . Showing a wisdom deep and rare. So there Is no desert but hath its spring, And Its shady trees where the sweet birds sing; Sometimes- 'tis a weary jrayjuid Jong, ZI31 That the path is devoid of fount and song. Bat oft whan we think It is sorrow all, A gleam of light o'er the way will fall," And a hope springup, so brigut and lair, That it banishes darkness, doubt and care.-- " " . - - " . and-otherspa- inful the-pooiysu- Let us sek those bright spots we may find InTIfeT 1. If we lose them not in the blinding strife: ' tf ' ty For they're planted along from life's rising sun, 'Til the work, is ended and heaven Is won. " chan HOPiT. -- BOOKS, LETTERS, AUTHORS. BY HANNAH T. KING, 1 The mind experiences a sort of dizziness when throwing itself out to yiew, and as it were, to grasp the world of books that have . been written for the instruction, edification, and amusement of the human family! Public Libraries of ancient writers, containing fifty thousand, or a hundred thousand volumes, speaking to usxutof Tthpast ages jvith voices that thenDass down to modern times, and we find public libraries all over the known world, with their volumes innumerable, upon every known science. Biographies of - every notable character that ever lived, histories of all countries, travels of every descriptionr Then cme periodicals, in themselves an ocean, flowing over all lands, and suited to every mind, and their varied tastes; and newspapers, mountains of newspapers some comprising a sheet that would cover a small room, all for one penny ! issued every day, and in some cases twice a day I they contain the news of the world, movements of nations; with their courts, and crowned heads; every thing is now literally "'told on the house tops," how they look, and what they say, and what they do; they are a3 "a beacon set upon a hill that cannot be hid;" their good deeds and their bad are equally blazoned forth food for the Newspapers, information of every sort is found in them; they are the bulletin of the world, issued almost every hour. The Theatres with all their magical details, contribute a mi rht. able matter in the present" dav; the gifted Ris- iui, aua me no less marvelous baran x5ern bardt, and Booth, and Irving those two thril- - : alT are-immort- . 1 -- . -- , 