W0 lor bet you a mm-- " tp'tl vein what it i.. kin pie thar s more Davids in ...Congress than trV- nrvdv .13 flir them knots thbv're ' vJ fRnlnmnn's' ti V in' tu untie, ther kind o' Indian rubber like- - EX P, 0, N E N T . K W ITTIFJC a constantly increase?, whv thev -- . X 11 T AN'S - ntrmberf wtfmen'ipuy ician'sirso'Iarge,"!" do not lid, and Lav a thousand wive, ns Solomon---whose business is it as long as they don't come on if. and run away with somebody n-i-ri- d M - a:soclstjth'e ot fitting themselves to, ne v organize7 euner doctors, FACTORY, and Children' Rtockingt, Jiifanh ' Mm',r&Mkt, Knitteil Shirt awl Shovs, 1tdlet' awl Children's louts tit. Family 'Knitting dyne on ilea enable TerimW law-- ; vers, or ministers,they are capable of organaiajj. and carrying on a medical society of their own, "JT: VJth WARD, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH. ' "" that shall be an honorLotnei.r-proiessiorrrTi- nd abaut .the timethey think Jher. untied, they-r- oli - acknowledged as such bv like societies through out-thcountry. We certainly feel that tLere become ;con- -' MRS. ROMANIA B. PRATT, right ' up agin, and the untiers ' combined medical w'lth is intellect talent and flurnxed. I ' knowledge and experience sufficient to carry oil Jam wa3 .quite fight about the new law we're Offlcc hours from 10 a. in. to p. in, Residence, Twelfth such a societr. a gwine to enact, only he furgot one pint, that waru, 2d .South Htreet, bet; 5th. and.fith. East. oi' refusal "Massachuthe the believe that I Special Attention glveu to Diseases of tho , some--is, not only them that's cotcht minding setts 'redical Society" to open its doors to EYE, EAR, NOSE AND THROAT. bod'ys business, but them that believes its right comes from conscientious OBSTETRICS AXD DISEASES OF WOMEN. a women phvsicans, to think about ennybody's business, or look at H forinterest-oTelephonic ffimmmrictttion between Office and liesidenc f the best conviction that it is not that businesses wife, shall be tuk up and tried physicians of both sexes, and though I may hot fur polygamy; an' if th&t donV make some of agrea with that conviction, "still I have no right " them Congressmen squeal, then my name aint to say that it is from, narrow-minde-d SALT LAKE CITY prejudice. xaueirce. of The majority of the members that society are As fur Senator Vest, an' a few others, we Special -Departments for Gent's ClothIna and broad-minde- d Ladle' and Children's Shoee, Dry -Carpet8Twho of men. sterling integrity, Lave sum respect fur them, because . they've Goods, Shawls and Domestics, Groceries, L ' believe in the good work TyomenpbyijclajigJ wLat belongs to the enuff sens left tu-tDRIED FRUITS OF ALL CUSSES WANTED. and lhaLscniidpable mor n 1 can "arelloing, and would not put a stumbling block in their of success. the not am I " way willing say far the rest. S. IP. TEA to admit are not of women that As furthat big bug that Edmunds has hatcht capable having as good a society as the "Massachusetts Mediollt? lfcJ 00:3 naigbty bigv a3 if : It was agwine- : cal," and did I belong to the corps of women to swaller all them little polly-)iig- 3 up; but -WHOLESALE AJSD RETAIL DEALERS IS - physicians in our city, I should lend L these polly-bug- s arc curis critturs, and a good my influDRY GOOD3, NOTIONS, GROCERIES, ence to organizing a society, be it ever so small deal like Mr. Paddy's llee you cotch 'em, an' in the. beginning. Said society sLould Lold HEAVY & SHELF HARDWARE, lii't your finger tu look 'em right square in the GLASS & QUEENSWARE, regular meetings a3 often as deemed advisable face, and goodness gracious i they aint thar. ' AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS, Etc. We're gwine to chuse five committees, of ., by the very, best talent of the physicians of both sexes in the state and country. . three wimmen in each, to wait on the five coin- I say both sexes, for I think We should not missioners every morning before breakfast, I1 HZL 2Z3 X J 3D 23:S feel .weor that because Of Salt Lake City and vicinity will find tbo LARGEST and each woman to deliver a speech an Lour Jon"1 separate them, simply BEST SELECTED STOCK of all are must be women, on her own constitutional rigLts. I'IIveiiture knowledge gained a saucer of apple butter that, in three days, through women. Let us accept, as helpers ii BOOTS, SHOES & SLIPPERS, Also, full and desirable lines, best brands all the and suggestion's,-frogood work, experience . these just men. will deliver Edmunds and Lis whatever source they may come. In : 3P3txo buir tu the keepim? of Hamlet's n.5t Wnn- obohi the West. Tour Qrdtn an Sdicittd. would IS" become a such a and time, society men are growin' LigLer and biVzer in this help, ' a power in the community. world, but they don't intend to go so iiiiih that This course, seerris to me much wiser thanltoiL inevn cum aown cursquasn lie rarson New ELLEN B. FERGUSON, keep on- - seeking admission into the other soman, and nO would one ciety; give.a "Women's State Sam made a leetle mistake about frills- - tvp PHYSnHilH Medical-Society- " SURGEON, more a are perfectly wilUnfuinOujYeaiLfrillsJon- hearty Godspeed than. " -Office on Main Street, over Hardy Eros,, Store,. thelassachuttsIedical Society." 1 tber pantaloons, but we don't want 'em to Lave frequently read our Boston Medical and Surg- a trill a quarter ot a yard wide bosom " Special Study has been given to Surgery, Diseases iced Journal, as well as several others published "of. ther shirts, or dickeys; it looks tu much o( Women, and Diseases of tho seldom or never am 1 ike dsewhereand and surprised thin of all comb, de we ajrooster gs NOSE, THROAT AND LUNGS, to find an article from a woman physican. So roosters are so is aerowtney pise etarnally " -tar as I know, there 13 no law forbidding worn- in'' X Xi JEl. Gr 33 & O 3X -v en to write for the various medical WeTtoTftrcaronecenTa ther" journals, Of Home Hade Trunk for Sato by JOHN There is no surer, way of helping on the cause letters, but we are so scairt they'll get into Agent for the HiOVO WOOLEN MILLS, Old CUTLER, of woman than by vomen expressing, through" trouble the men are so unkimmen soft. Constltotiou Bnlldlnff also HOME MADE the The reason we fix on nine o'clock fur 'em tu press, their opinions upon all matters of Drown Yarns, Cotton Batttng-Blankets, White Wool Batting the Flannels, to. interest Yarns, cum in nights, is becatis they allersstay out all general public, whether it be, Colored Yarns, Shawls, Brooms, upon medical or other subjects. Men will CasaimerB, .Linseys, WashboardB, night, and cum Lum with tLe crows in the Jeans, Tweeda, Brushes, Etc, Etc. gladly acknowledge their worth, and even those : morning. About Laf a year agone thar was tu who have no special interest in our cause, will be a big meeting; so we said we'd give till in time acknowledge that we are equal to dis- 'leven that night. But' did they come '! No, P. AUERBACH & BBO. them with not cussing roosters the till little' was important sir; questions pertaincallin' up the : HAVEchickens. We ran to tLe door with open arms, ing to state and country. Surely women are interested in political affairs, (we should be,) in fiEMHED TO THEIH NEW ST0BE;Klf 1241 126 but oh, ray : fellur citizens ! what a fall was civil service reform, and the many . questions there 1 We brung 'em in, roosted ther little CALL AND EXAMINE .' daily brought before the country, upon the feet, and put "em in ther little bed, when we Spring and Summer Goods.a- drew ourselves up as tall as our manhood, and " g right intrepretation of which the future of. our country depends. Yet we seldom wa3 determined we'd stand it no longer. see in our daily papers : anything bearing upon As fur them shirts beinVstareht wrong, you these public questions by a woman. remember what the scriptur ses about, lookin' TINNER, CAS WATER & STEAM FITTER. is There no obtainincr of women wav surer a dark inter glass, and so forth; that's just the ballot upon all questions, than by proving . rSAgent for RUMSEY'S ceiebrated LIFT and FORCE what it means the critturs look through tLatl PDMR5. Pnmps Repaired on short notioe. Orders from their competency to vote intelligently, and o the country promptly responded to. 1 Addn&t David Jama, Box 300, alt Lake City. way can a woman "pro ve it so well, as by rjts ther 'shifts wrong side up. 7 expressing publicly the views she holds upon Well, gintlemen, I guess I've sed as much as ; all matters pertaining to legislation. : " so I'll go Lum, put my you can digest feet in Lot water, and take a dose of asirfetida iet tne women ot Massachusetts put their shoulders to the wheel in earnest, and and pen e rial, to compose my narves. WHOLESALE AKD BETAIL DEALER IN they, will wield a or not powerful only-finfluence, Aunt Jeetbiia. the good of womankind, but for the uplifting 1 I "i" ' of humanity. E. E. B. z WOMEN AND .MEDICAL SOCIETIES. ' FIFEES Womarts ; ' - I- m. e (5 . ' , Con----strttrtiu- ell u, ' : I- '- " . -- -- I . OHilciroii's . Shoos, ; on-th- e ' - .s...-.:- TO j. " , 7 -- - f" well-bein- " -- in-n- . r tu-da- y, 1" - . H. DINWOODEY, - F X) R N -- Journal, Boston. " - Editor J ournal: For several years, while -- women have been bo persistently knocking at the door of the "Massachusetts Medical Society," I have been wondering, now that the PSIHB Archimedes invented the slang phrase, "Give us a rest," when he offered to move the world with his lever, BEfiS. - IflSE E UR HITTBESSES ajw FEiTBElS fffll . 75, 77, & 79, First South Streef, 8 ALT ItAKE OITT f 4- T - 