motes peace and contentment. Solomon saysf 'A contented mind is a continual feast.' Peace and good will were the tidings brought when Christ was born, and these to all mankind- .- On Christmas day reach out branch; burr; all pld grievance, and ;feuda and begin aawj ready to makeTabetler record. for anotherTjearT a! J, ' A merry Chris iLmas . and a our friends, in every land and clime, at home and abroad, the Exponent .bean the message over land and sea, and Intainan sunny homes. THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. DESERET HOSPITAL. -- This Institution, which waa established July 15, 1S82, is now supplying a long-fe- lt need ef the is all that to It and claims people, be, a home for the ick and injured. It la centrally and pleas antly located, with plenty o 1 fresh air-aa good water supply. The set" of surgical and gynecological instruments is a complete one, the best that could be obtained, while a pharmaceutical department connected with the hospital furnishes the necessary drug supply. The head nurse is a woman of skill and ex perience, having served five years in two of the largest iiosrUls-lan efficient night nurse, who has terved in one of the same hospitals two yean and a half. These nurses speak tbe English as well as their ' native language. -- XHKEIJarE WELLS, Editor. the-oliv- Published la Salt Lake i City, Utah -Tennsr Ona copy one yearSk 00; one copy $1.00 Teh copies for the price of nine. Advertising . rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, $20: per months $3. 00. A liberal discount M t ' regular edTertisers. : Exponent Office, .Lower West Room of - the- - Council tlouse, South Temple 8treet- - Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m, every day except Sunday. ' Address all business communications to Publisher Wovaw's Exkwmht, Salt Lake City Utah. eeml-mont&- y, slx-mopt- hg 4 : SALT LAKE CITY, DECEMBER 15, , jress "That at the last session of the present - The visiting surgeons' hours are between cjodrjLjD an tory was requested to call an election, to elect a Delegate for said Territory "for the unexpired term of the Forty-sevent- h Congress, but refused on the ground that he had no power in that re7 - 'r- 1 ' . ' . A like request was made to the commissioners of elections for said Territory appointed by the President of the United States, under what is known as the Edmunds bill, and they refused on the same ground. At the election held November 7, 1882, to elects a Delegate to the Forfy-elght- h Congress, your 15,490-votes received for the office of petitioner Delegate for the unexpired term of tbe Forty-- ; seventh Congress, and to fill-thvacancy existoffice. eaid in ing The commissioners of elections for said Terri. tory, as will appear from a copy of their' instruc--: tions annexed, refused to canvass or allow said notes to be officially canvassed or an official re. turn thereof made, on the ground that their V power did not extend to that subject. The number of votes so cast and the fact that the voting for Delegate to fill that vacancy was quite general throughout the Territory, will ap- - pear from the affidavits of precinct Judget of and a summary thereof hereto anelections, ' 77 777.7.. nexed. Inasmuch as the people of said Territory are entitled to lepresenUtion in your honorable boslyi and under the construction of the law by the governor and commissioners there seems to bono way provided for calling such an election.-yo- ur petitioner submits that the voluntary and general expression of the will of the people ' is the best and only obthrough the ballot-bo- x tainable manner of filling said vacancy, and requests that he may be declared entitled toja Eeat as Delegate for said Territory for the unexpired term of the Forty-sevenCongress." of the House elec- Washington. tions committee, who have examined the me7 morial presented to Congress against the seating of Caine, the delegate elected from Utah to sue ceed Cannon, say that it involves a nice legal question, and one which will excite almost endless discussion when the matter comes before the House. The election was held without any pre vious proclamation by the Governor of the Ter ritory, and the question Involved ia as to the right of the ytJeopIe of the Territory to hoId election under such circumstances, r. 13,-rMe- mbers W The average monthly attendance of patients since the organization of the hospital has been from twelve to twenty. Since November 1st the medical rates have been reduced. In specially complicated cases addltlonol charges are made. .Specially low rates can be made with Bishop for indigent parties residing In their Wards- ,- by consulting with Dr. Mattie Pan! Hughes, the house surgeon. The wards are substantially and comfortably furnished with iron bedsteads and other suitable conveniences, and the hospital will now accom7 modate from thirty to thirty five patients. - V.. ... .: : E. R. S. Smith, President. . E. B, . Welus, Secretary. In behalf of the executive board. li. - the Relief Society Conference of this Stake of Zlon, will be held in the Council House - 7 The ladies' "Unity Club" are busy preparing for their entertainment which will be held soon, although the date of the event has been changed to January. It will consist of tabJeaux,mnsio and recitations, by members of the Club. Miss Ada Dwyer, the talented elocutionist, will appear in the "role;" Miss Priscllla Jennings, Miss Agnes Olsen and Miss Louie Wells will sing; Mrs. Oummings (Delia Clawsbn), a great favorite of the Salt Lake Theatre lovers, will take, part in the programme, and others, well known as talented young ladles.' As the entertainment is known to be for a charitable purpose, we trust it will receive the patronage which will make it a financial success as we feel sure, from the executive ability of the committee of arrange ments, it certainly will be In point of merit. Tiie city presents quite a festive appearance in anticipation ' of Christmas, and : each ihop teems to vie with the nelgboring ones In en- tlcincr Santa Clans to purchase froni their stock. Christmas trees are comtog in dally and already -ft J T :1 To-da- y In this city. i' T- preside in the several Wards. Prest. John Taylor, Prest. Joseph F. Smith, Prest A. M. Cannon, Counselor D, H. Wells and other leading men have addressed the people. Most of the Bishops made verbal reports of their respective . t 1.1 o'clock a. m. and 2 and 7 p. m. each day. Much excellent instruction has been given, especially to the Priesthood and to Bishops and those who " ! 1 A special Conference called by the Presidency of this Stake of Zlon was held in the Salt LakeAssembJy Hall Tuesday and Wednesday, Dec. 12 and 13, meetings commencing at 10 r.. I ! HOME AFFAIRS. e th w "to Dr7W.F Anderson should visit th Hospital during the above hours. Con- 7 : """""TT- - " :r'7" 7 Prior to the election held on the first Monday in November, 1882, the Governor of said Terri- '. 11 con suit with resented. 7.-7 H i " gress the seat of Delegate for said Territory to the Forty-sevent- h Congress was declared vacant, and the people of said Territory are now unrep- spect. i l a From the, Congressional Record, Dec. 5. "The petition of the undersigned respectfully shows: that he Is the delegate elected for the Territory of Utah for the Fjrtyreighth Con- - CHRISTMAS IS. COMING. - nd UrAH'SDELEGATEr 18S2. One of the most satisfactory days in all the -year is C&rlstiniis;hen ev everybody else, and especially the poor or unfortunate, and to, bring smiles and happiness in- to every heart and home. A Siting tribute to the memory of the blessed Redeemer Is to do some of the works He pent his life in doing; blessing mankind, ministering to the suffering, alleviating sorrow; promoting peace and follow ing his perfect example. Carrying out for one day in the year at least the precept "Do to others as ye would they should do to you." And in this way are treasures laid up in heaven; which Is another precept of the same great Teacher. Manylittle children think of Christmas only as a gala day, on which they are to have everything that Is good to eat (and lots of things that are not good for them) and everything done for their pleasure; and very often; forget to do any" one good' thing for any other person., Little children should be taught that on that day par ticularly it is proper,and Indeed a duty to minister in some wayto those who are not so highly favored as themselves. To make some little sacrifice for another's good. To divide something with another child, or aged person. A very pro--' per thing to teach children to do Is that of help-to-g to bring sunshine into the life of those who have lived on into "the eere and yellow leaf," and need the warmth of young lives to quicken thefr pulses temporarily. If more attention v . wa9 given to this matter it would be a source of great happlnees to the aged. Many of them have not grandchildren of their own crowding around their homes to wait upon and caress thejn, and they need tenderness and loving care for are they hot feeble and weak, and many years and much trial has made them weary. .. Encourage the children to show them favor as well as respect, and see that some tangible kind- ness is bestowed by the young and beautiful. . One of the most elevating traits of human character Is the reverence for age; above all children In the world the children of Zlon should be instructed in this pleasant duty. --The association of little children is specially delightful to people far advanced in years, not to weary them with noise and confusion, but a little gaiety and mirthful ness Is like an elixir to their drooping spirits. Christmas is the very time to perform i noble deeds, and mingled with festivity and song and the bounties of earth, will be the happy feeling that comes from blessing others. Keeping Christmas Is a grand custom, and one' which should be continued, but it ought not to be a strain upon the family for weeks before hand to contrive how to economize sufficiently to make expensive presents. This in the present day teams to be carried to the extreme. Moderation in all things is wiser than excess, and hap- - piness is not heightened so much by extrava- 7 gant luxuries and presents, as Jn that which pro-- " e I 