W O M AN - r course that would gain the confidence of all with whom we may be" associated. Encouraged the sisters to patronize our Church publication : Jeciallythev Woman's ExTONEipt(i ??trrtQriixg grain, said the judgments - would .jommenco at the no use or the iiord, and we - should prepare ourselves to Tomimr i events. Asked God to bless all the oreraniza tions of and kingdom of, our brethren -- the-X'Iiur- ENT. 4? Prest. Parbara Myers presiding. Present cn the occasion.wcre Apostles F. M. Lyman, John Henry Smith, Stake' Prest. James Ilenrie M. 1. Steele, J. W,Oosby Jrr of the preside - of the stake, alio Bishop" a udothcr visiting -- - E XPON S ch" LfOrd. Bishoo J. A. Hunt said he felt well while listening to the" instructions' given by Sister Lindsay, and knew they .were directed by the. Spirit of God. We are called upon to build send of our" means to assist in temples-an- d gathering the poor from the nations" of the eartn, we snouia asic : ourselves tno question, what have we done in responding, to the-calmade upon us from time to time ? We should be liberal in doing good with the means which God has- - blessed us with. Donhtjreclj2ii - frm " different, wards.' , After the usual opening exercises Prest. Myers made a few appropriate- - Temarks and invoked 'the blessing of the Lord upon the Conference. The minutes of the last Conference were read and approved. t a-lit- de T ind appreciationtlioseZinterested, and ftr the little token of remembran ce which showed she had not labored in vain; Her feelings would not allow her to say much. After some further - arrangements the exercises were adjourned till evening and meet- - : : : - re-sustainedr :--- -- jn:.jjbnl ; - ; '- . Local Itud general authorities e : pleased with the way the business was done, said there was a great deal of missionary labor for the sister.-- , we need some assistance and encouragement in all that we do. The mothers as a rule have the care of the children in their.. . . , " The car contained five little children rly:tramiBg, :sTTdrgre represent-4ejHbmldi:em poor,- "andbe upon the mother; they have the training of ing a miniature goddess of liberty, maids of their faith, should-wet- gh u, it e are ant 10 iuicuiuat ju ua mux 13 well what they say, 'honor, and pages, each holding" the flag of our lie forgetful t theselittle :thin, an our .should live so the spirit of the Lord would be country, in their hands. The children ,were minds need stirring up often by those ap- our constant companion, Prest. flyers made a 11 dressed, in uniform , - th with "blue - pointed to instruct us. Referred to the Bi ble. tile and with omfiyery- appropriate sashej?, hoys red, the latter also presented wore paper caps trimmed with gilt and bright Society; tor the people adjourned for three, months Singing, Bene-- " of St Charles for the meeting house, returned diction by J. W. Crosby Jr. 1X thanks of himself and the people to President i. Sarah P. Gkosiiy; Secy. " Dancing was kept up until 11 o'clock, tEe. Jacobs and Relief Society for their kindness. children expressed themselves a3 never having Meeting adjourned uutill 2 p. m. Singing. so good a time, before, which no one doubted, PRIMARY FAIR. Benediction, F. McCann. ;i that was present Thus ended the happytwo 2 p.m. Sacrament administered. Afternoon A. M. B. Fletcher, Pres. oavs. Kote taken of the Primarv held the Fair, M. W7 MussERConn.in occupied by Primary Associations. Conthe 1st. Ward July 20, 1882. : ference adjourned until the 13th and 14th, of Ti'LiA Youno, Sec'y. to the children of arrangements "According JaiiUAryl54r the Primary Association with a few invited E. Pugmire Sec'y. SCENES ANL INCIDENTS I1TNAUVOO. guest?, met at the school house on Thursday -Julia Budge, Asst. Sec'y. J uly20th: at 10 o'clock: after fcininer bv the StatisticaTahd Financial Report of the Re- .. children, Elder A-- . - M;Musser." opened the ny ijele?: mah wiiitney. lief Society of Bear - Lake Stake "for the six fair with prayer, singing again by the children, months ending June 30th 1882. Statistical, when Brother Musscr "made a few remarks; The followingis ahortkctcli-o- f the rise of teachers, 126; members, 451; total officers and after which he declared the fair opened. the youDg gcntieineh'jin(Madic"BcIief Society members, 575; meetings held, 129; average The fair consisted of over one huiwlrcd art. in Nauvoo which was printed in the Times and tendance, 217; church papers taken, 1 04; WoSeasons in tire year 1843, and the reading of it icles, all made by the; members of the Associa-tion- ; man's -- ExP0NENT,34r Statistical, on hand most of them are very young and d eser ve will doubtless bring to many a friend of yore ' at date of last report, cash, $66.62 cts., progreat credit for the interest taken a3 well as pleasing remin iscences of the d ays when we bus-028.1 G35 22 : Recei 6; pts,-casthe wheat, varieties of work. lbs; were young. perty ; $220.23; property, 161.28. Disburse The little boys, I think, deserve- - special "One evening in the latter part of January -- men tion, their miniature ments to needy, cash; 11.70; property, s ; and last, a few young people having assembled at , emigration, 4f. io temple cash, 151.UU; prothe house of. Eider H. C Kimball; the follies garden tools, and other articles, all showing so of cause. of a The perty, 25.90; home industries, cash, 14,87; which they industry worthy good youth and girls misdid their part in flowers, and different kinds of are property, 27.55; books, cash, .$10.00; but more ... exposed generally, especially in 10.24." On 1.00; our became the topic of. conversation, sionary, building property, "fancywork, not forgetting the more substantial - The city, .hand sewing and cookery. The hand, cash, $145.75; property, 875.70; wheat, com pany were lament ing tho loose style ' 3 G35,bu. 22 lb.. of the a sumptuous rewhich open untilJbYiday noon,-whebeen anil of the their too frequent past having prepared, thty spent their time,, S Conferen c e 6 f Pri ma ry A s attendance the under of at Association, Primary halls, parties, etc., when Elder ; supervision sociations of Bear Lake Stake, held at St Sister Mary W. Musser, with a few invited Kimbal proposed that an appointment should . Charles, July 16th, 1882. Counselor Elizabeth be to sat feast. down the The children guests, given out exprely for the young ladies Pugmire presiding. After the usual opening 1 heal rah u ered n about al and t CO, and preseu gentlemen, and he would give them such; thy exercises, the minutes of the previous Conferinstruction and advice as the spirit of the Lord v happy. ence were read and approved, after which the .After dinner was over, the people began to him; whiclv if followed, might sugt-tfinanciaFYeport was read a3 follows, cash would doubtless lead tor Jo a reformation in the at which gather together opened meeting, received, $41.20; property, 9.45: total, 50.65; 2 o'clock. After the usual exercises of singing conduct of his young friends. This proposition Disbursements, cash," $21.44; temple, 14.80; and prayer, we had a short programme by the was received with delight, and acted upon with charitable purposes, 11,60; on hand cash 10.04; ' ' children consisting of songs, dialogues, nd alacrity. . property, 9,45; total, $67.33.- recitations. Sister Ellen Clawson addressed "An appointment having been given out, a Verbal reports were given by the several the audience, expressed herself a3 being well ' number of the young people" assembled at the r xi i presidents of the Associations. Coiin. E. Pugxi .:iL house of Elder Billings, when Eider Kimball uicuscu wiiu evtry luiug, eiicouragiug iiiu mire addressed the congregation, and wa3 foladdressed them for some time upon the duties childPresident in her interest the to endeavors lowed by Bishop Henry Lewis, Brother George of children to their parents, to society and to ren, a3 well as the grest pains and trouble the "Osmond, Sister Holmes, Brother Thomas Mc- had taken in decorating and making thinzsm x lirtingihenToayaSidelheir v,anu ana to come to exhorted mothers the ttracfive; rreSjimasj vaitTjJjgMmindedwgsir easnrein-witnessing the advancement of the-and endeyr to show themselves worthy of . , 1 meeting;-and takcTQore Interest in" hlivin tlie the the children attend, that they may continue in the religion which they' had embraced; ad visofficers had labored. A good spirit prevailed ing them tj shun evil 'company, (for by an good path and increase in good works, made "during" Conference which was adjourned until other excellent remarks. Sister B. W. Smith cximpany is His character estimated,) January 16th 1883. to- - their parents,- for this and be to obedient spoke of the improvement made by the child j Annie Lakek. Pres. yy was the first commandment with promise. ren. . Susanna Boom, Secy. "Thn address was so well received bv the In the meantime a little euroriss had been assembled for congregation that it wa3 voted, alarranged in the shape of a beautiful ring, PANGUITCn. most by acclamation, that' a similar meeting our worthy PresidentSister Alice M. B. The eighth Quarterly Conference of the Fletclier. Sister Annie Musser came to the should na li eh on the ensuing week. Anap- Relief Society of the Panguitch Stake of Zion stand and made an approprate little speech in the pomtm(at'Wa3iic(dingiyirc was held at Panguitch, --The June next behalf 1882. at children of Lorin of 16th brother themothers Friday (he Wednesday evening - ls . A e-g- by-the-Reli- irls ef - . . - ; h, ' . . 13-70- wheel-barrow- the.-temj)tMs- fair-remain- lp ed moral5-2Jriyj0J- n . the-memb-ers emi-Annu- al : " o ' . their-i?od-e- -l- 1 - . . - wrenr-ano-tiieiiTgencOTiriv- . . -- ing was d ismissed. At the appointed time for the party, the house wa. iilled with the happiest band of . children it has been cur yotnegssomeiof ijieir parents wefeTpresent also, most of the time was spent in dancing. But the main feature of the evening was a grand march by the children around a car in tho center of the room, decorated with the stars and stripes,, and the following "mottoes, 'Liberty, E Plurtbus Verbal Teportircf ench Re lief Society inthe-stakwere given, I;; Jthe Sqciefe" F. M. Lyman said he was nuieh -we- ring was then given to her by girl, very much to the 'surprise of the lady who stepped forward andTxpresscd her gratitude, with tho ; - -- " : 1 