W 44 THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 0M A N S E XP.ONENT. ; ferings, and compared his condition tothat of any who think themselves sorely aggrieved and af. flictod nowadays, AH seemed tdfeel well and . enjoy a good spirit. phecy was given him can tell what will be the result,, of this adverse legislation - being Lpt in operation herq in this Territory, - It ia too serious a subject to make ligh t of,, and those who have ; CIUIELnC B. WELLS, Pablished Bcmi-monthl- y, , - - Editor. ia Salt Lake ,i4'bore(fdaiaid' contllSouslyiarUing. CSty; Utah she months Terms: One copy one year, S3. GO; one copy Ten copies for the price of nine. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil epace, one time,. $2.50: $3. 00. A liberal discount to per-mont- XUiahlhabjja hardships no tongue can tell, In settling the waste pises?, need the wisdom of heaven to help them in this emergency,' that they speak no evil, that they do nothjng to bring them under the condemnation of the Almighty. "God moves In a mysterious way his wonders to perform," and no doubt It h all In the great pro gramme, only we have not been permitted to see what was to bo done;, until the time came for this scene to be enacted; However it Is well" known to the L. D. Saints that God'a hand is over his pe: pie and He will protect those who trust In Him and abide in his Jaws. h, "" regular advertisers. Exponent Office, Lower West Eoomof the Council House, South Templo 8treet. BuEinees hours - from JO a. m. to 5 p,m, very day except Sunday. "' Address all business communications to :. ' . Publisher WoMAS'sExposKfT, : gait Lake City Utah. - r " 1 -- SALT LAKE CITY. - AUGUST 15,1832. THE POLITICAL SITUATION. The present condition of.politIcaI affairs' in :iita&Jsrtemly sioners peea1fan""r"UtflliXdnrmis- appointed by 1 b e President of the United States, in accordance with the provisions of the Edmund's bill, were tco alow in coming here to regulate the August election of the current year, -- and consequentlyomecf these-w- ho . Journment. J udge3 Pursuant to the requist of the who," of course, weresupiFdTto know the rtal needs of Utah, Congress invested the" Governor of the Territory with power, to ap -- : " HOME AFFAIRS. We were gratified to sfeas a motto for the ur '2? n? w publ icationl J us t issu ed in Logan, these words, "The' highest possible liberty to man and woman." This promises well, and we have no doubt the paper will be an efficient help in all the various directions for the benefit and elevation of all who peruse Its i areso anxious about the people of this little Territory, felt something must be done. They were not willing to let well enough alone, when all was peace and quiet, and allow the men who had filled the several offices creditably and efficiently continue until an election could be held ac cording to the provisions already made by the stat ntes of Utah," andt?o .. com municafe d wi th Congress Upon the subject and stirred that hon-- o rable body up to do something befcre the ad. point men, to fill such cilice., as would be, as tbey considered, made vacant, by failure to hold the Augu9t election. "However in limiting the tenurocf office, of men so appointed, to eight raon ths; It appea rs great-mista- kr ha3 been made, by those: who should b thoroughly acquainted with the laws of election in this Territory, 89 no provis ion i made for auy other regular election except in August, save tho election for delegate to .Congress in November. Without elaborating ur on, the matter of the term of these appointees cf Governor Murray, ono may perhaps be permitted to give an opinion concerning the authority invested in Gov. Murray to act in this moit important, ono might say vital matter. This supremacy given to cne man over one hundred and fifty thousand peorle, Is utterly at variance with all the true principles of a free government. A free Republic, according to tho definitions given by the greatest statesmen that America could ever haast, Ha government "b the people for tho -- people.' Gov. Murray may be cansiderato and act with great wisdom and prudence but what dees he know of the people, their needs and wishes over "Whom he has been authorized to exercisa such wonderful power. Tho Governor has a splendid opportunity now to manifest that nobility of character that men in high positions should p03. sess, or at least cultivate, in order to gain the love and admiration of the people; although he may esteem the regard" of this people, their pra.t ers and blesvngs of little value, yet they m?ght be a richer mloe cf genuine wealth than all he will ever receive from the public treasury -of the naticn. v x It would be well for those who are so exercised -over Utah affairs to stop and consider, before they enter the IIst3 ia a political campaign against the people who wrested these desert lands from barrenness and made them teem wi th plenty for mn and beast. -- . ' pages.- '"".. :.. - 'V -- it ooard of directors of the Destret Hospital, wag held in the reception room of the building on Monday, August 7, at eleven a. m. Considerable business was transacted, and arrangemtnts made for systematic work." Already eleven cases " besides some out have been registered-ther- e door patients. Thojprellminary iwork of inaug. uratlng this institution has been more arduous than: the general public are likely, to have 1m- agmea. .ino earnestness and determination of -- the ladies admirable; Great credit is duo to the several committees, who have so ably Is-m- Cjerfqrrn - : : The annual meeting of the Relief Society cf Pleasant Grove, was "held on the 3rd of August. In the meeting house of that place. There were prefent by. Invitation, Sisters E. R.8. Smith, ZinaD. H. Young, and E. B. Wells, from Salt - Lake City.7 Sis te: s M. T. Smoot and M. Johns from Proyo, Ann J), Bringhurst from Springville, -Rebecca -- 8 tand tin and Sis ter Coleman from Lchi, Mary Hind ley, Ellen D. Clark and Sister -Y- American Fork; besides same others from tho adjacent ;towns. The Primary Association with their President and Counselors were at the depot when the listers arrived, and glee ted tl.em with some of their; "beautiful Bongs," rendered in lhe.very best manner,-theifresh young voices rin ging ou t in tho open air "sweet, rich, clear and full of melody.'; J mi be- - -yond were some of the Juvenile martial band, in their stylish uniform, with tbeir instruments "7" playing their very best music to welcome the sisters. The meeting at ten a. m. was conducied J by Mrs. E. Brown,' President R. S. of that place. The sisters who" spoke presented in a forcible rand earnest manner tho subject of the Deeeret Hospital; they also touched briefly but explicitly upon many other subjects and alluded to tbe signs of the times. ... In tlie afternoon the Primary convened num' berlng about 150 childrens Mrs. Harriet C. West presiding, assisted by her Counseled. The programme was exceedingly well rendered, and the test of order was kept although the meeting was long and the day was unusually warm. It is gra tlfylng to see the great Improvement that is being made through these Associations. Oar4 visit to Pleasant Grove will be engraved upon tho mind, In consequence of the representation made by tho children. Greeawocd-fro- m n; r i ' On Monday J uly 31, a special meeting of the Primary Association was held in the 21st Ward meeting house, Mrs Mary Davis presiding. Bishop Bart and other brethren of tho Ward were present. A number of lady visitors were present by invitation, and addressed tho child, ren, afUr they had flnisted their exercises. : The children kpt very good order. The singing and rtciiiDg was ail weii done, and tpoke well for those engaged In the entertainment. Inter, esting remarks r vcr ro made by Mrs. Zina D. II. Ycung, Ellen C. Ciawson, Emmellne B. Wells Bathsheba W. Smith, Romania B. Pratt, and Louie Felt.y" Union Ward Rtller Society held its annual meeting on Thursday August S, In the Ward Eub-Jec- tjj8 successful. On July IS, ultU5kterR, SSnow:andJEi; Cyawson:ZteuTO Conference cf the Primary Associations of West., Jordan. The Association is nnder.tbe presidency of Mrs. Eliza Bird; Th5re Trere abH.u hun- dred children presen t, arid the exercises were oryjwell-rmdered, reflecting great credit upon all thd38 who have the care of theso little ones as well as the children themselv8.Following is the programme: Select read in or Ijv DahipT Wright; recitation, Emma J. Merrit; Song Annio and Mary Naylor; Essay, Solon Rich ard-acArticles of Faith in concer t, .carah A. Anderson, Sarah J. Anderson, Rcsetta Bennetj Emily Egbert and .Carrie Gardner; dialogue Isacc Wardle and i2?eil AndpM,in: V.: Tic becca Qdl; Questions and Answers on the Restoration of the Gospel by, Archibald Ilaun, Jos eph GorT, Albert Smith, James, Mary and Francis Goff; Dialogue, Naomi Goff and Rhoda A. Turner; recitation, David Haun. . M canvassing committee, whose duties are of a Ht stil t ae real deil to pe accomplished; and more remalnSjforJt is a stupendous undertdklng for women ."without means of their own, and depending "upon the liberality of the people, and the several organize, -'- lions. " It is hoped that all Latter-da-y Saints will feel to sustain the movement, it is certainly a laudable- - enterprise, and one that will require - patience, diligence, ap. abundance of faith and a largo amount of money to make it permanently V house, Mrs. Elizabeth Richards presiding, Bishop Phillips and iCouaselor. Terry, also other brethren were present. Visitors from Salt Lake Sisters M. I. Home, H. M. Whitney7 and E. B. Wells.-- :Tho annual report Was read ' by the Secretary, showing what had been done during the past year which was very "creditable Indeed. The business seems to be conducted in the most economical and-an- d thorough manner. After the sisters had finished speaking, Bishop Phillips made a few remarks, upon several ta cf IntereBt, also 'allmled to Job and h'a gnf, ost : , : Yes, OUR HOSPITAL. at last we are so blest as to have a Home for our afflicted, and for tho sick poor, wherein they. will be attended by kind, and efficient physicians and nurses who will carefally watch over, and attend to their respective cases. It has been in' augurated cheifiy by the sisters, they rnooted . the sub jeet along time ago, but such an im-portaht aflalr take3 time and means, and much consultation with efficient xnlnds to carry oai ford ammiplifih rsmethii eatistotory. It i -- 1 