WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 142 R. S., Y. L. M. I. A. AND PRIMARY REPORTS. of the Relief Society, to celebrate and surprise her on her seventy-fourtM. Slade, President h the birthday, Brother Bracken being sixty-siand 14th. were Tables the set, day previous, seventeen sisters and the above-namebrethren, down in sat a to all, sumptuous repast, twenty all in excellent spirits. Brother Bracken returned thanks. It was snowing very heavily. Dinner over, the time was spent in conversing, and the song, wHard times come again no more," was rendered. Meeting commenced at two p. m. Singing, "Come, come, ye Saints." Prayer by D. M. Slade. Singing, ','LTp, awake, ye defenders of Zion." President Slade then gave the meeting into the hands of the company assembled. Sister Sophia M. Burgess then read a letter composed by Ellen M. Jones, and inscribed to Sister Slade, in behalf of the sisters of Pine Valley Relief Society. Do kin da M. Slade, Prest. R. S.: Dear Sister We, the sisters of Pine. Valley R. S., have met Jan. 15, to celebrate the birthday of our beloved and much respected President, Dorinda M. Slade, it being her 74th birthday. And we feel to ask God, our Heavenly Father, to bless, comfort and cheer her lone way, that He may prolong her days upon the earth, that she may still be useful in her day and generation, that she may teach and instruct the sisters and the youth in those things they may have a desire to learn; and that He will bless us while we enjoy ourselves this day. We will pray God, our Heavenly Father, to remember, in an especial manner, "thine Israel' under all circumstances, throughout the length and breadth of the whole earth. Bless thy servant John Taylor, his Counselors and the Quorum of the Twelve,' with wisdom, light and intelligence, that they-mapreside ami lead "thy people" in the of truth and righteousness. Remember ways our Delegate, to Congress, and all that pertai net h unto him; shield and protect him from the power ot his enemies; let thine influence and power be round about him, as a wall of fire, that they may haveno power or dominion over him; may he ride triumnhsnf. nvor tlnm i? member the honest in heart this day in all the earth, and all who have a desire to do will ami keep thy commandments. We thethy sisters ot l ine valley, have a desire to live'accordiiv' to thy mmd and will and to join heart and hand with Si,ter Slade in to promote the interest, happiness and assisting welfare of the poor ami needy of our waid, to comfort and cheer the tempted and tried, the broken-hearteand all that need assistance. We will ever be on hand as a band of sisters to magnify our calling and perpetuate the 11 8. and the work of utHi to tne ends ot the earth. And God bless our President, her Counselors may and the members, and may Si.ter Slade live to be an honored instrument in the hands of Godwin doing good all the dav long, is the wish and fervent prayer of her sister in the Gospel, Er.LENM. Jones. x 8ANFLTE STAKE. d . The Quarterly Conference of R. S. of Sanpete Stake was held at Spring City, Dee. 15, 1881, Prest. M. A. P. Hyde presiding. Pi eat. Peterson and one of his Counselors, Henry Beal, also other brethren from adjacent settlements, were present. After devotional services the reports were read, showing that a creditable - amount had been appropriated for the erecting of a wooien factory, also for the Mauti Temple and other purposes. A change was made in Stake President of Primary Association. Sister Helena Madsen taking the place of Sifter Phebe Maib en, who resigned. A committee was set apart to take charge of means already received and to be raised for the establishment of the factory. The presidents of different wards reported the members of their respective societies as being alive to all known duties as members of the Church and Kingdom of God. Prest. Hyde addressed the assembly upon the storing of grain and the advancement of the factory;1 also urged them to be diligent in keeping their covenants unbroken. President Petersen-heartilendorsed all the the sisters in their proceedings, encouraged iinancial and charitable enterprises. A number of brethren and sisters made brief remarks, encouraging and stimulating the sitters to more faithfully honor their high and holy callings. Choir sang, Dbxology. Benediction. Conference adjourned, tq be held at Ephraim, March y li, 1882. Fanny Koffoiid, Cor. Secy. JUAB STAKE. The Juab Stake organization of R. S. held their Fifteenth Quarterly Conference Jan '0 at the JNepin Mating House, at commencing pursuant t0 adjournment, Mrs. Amelia 11. Goldsbrouh presiding. Most of the Stake and local othcers were present, though some were detained on account of sickness. After the usual opening exercises,' the minutes of the last quarterly conference were read and approved. Then followed verbal report by the presidents of the different branched which proved that the sisters were in the discharge of their duties, and energetic were alive to the interest of the Latter-day great work financial reports were read, which showed the condition of the branches to be there being no lack of means to very eood supply the wants of the needy. We then hud some excellent remarks from 1 A 11 Goldsbrough, M. regents Pitchforth, b. H. Grover, and Counselors J. Pi ton M. Bryan and Sister Hendricks. VII spoke spirited y, ami touekUu many subject, of interest fcomo of them on the training of children, th, responsibility of parents amUhe hurtful from neglect of these resultsmg duties Ihougbt f we would be bad no cause to fear from our faithful we enemie A fr"m Br0theSdalIrCinarkS i Wand. It was then moved and carried that a the EC nent. Conference imirno Smgmg "Hark the song of jubilee- diction by Pushoj. Aag.ir.7. W CIiCC h at l tO Vtl-n- 1. Buji.i;::, The sis! rs of v Cor. Sec'y. jm. ,u,iu, t. , aJ'nF'1" fsP MrU;! d, Brother Bracken said remembered the wrongs of Missouri" ahd "the fate of and spoke by thepiritof inspiration; he was followed by Bothers 11 L. Lloyd and John Grey. Smgihg, "How have the nations grown corrupt,- '- Then the bore testimony- - to the truth offollowing sisters this work: Si,: Smm'"or Al,1(Ja Purges and inc"0 Saints have you Gardner and Cynthia each spoke a short time. '1 Ut ?xce?tl of the most eni imes we have heell au-vo- t'n . , y, y 1 va .ley. with three ,f (!,.. 1, I ,,., ? Grey and Jam0i Brack t from h,me, "ia 5," clock... q m., ,t the re,i,leMCT of to-da- ZhUr tains high. - Th,a Bur' ever had the pleasure Benediction by R. L. Lloyd. Ellen M. Jonks. o, BEAR LAKE. Synopsis of Conference of Relief Societies of the Bear Lake Stake of Zion, held Sunday Jan, 15, 1882. Present on the stand Wm Budge and James H. Hart, of the Presidency of the Stake; Presidents Julia Lindsay and Elizabeth Collins, of the Stake Relief Societies; President Nancy Pugmire, of the Stake Y. L. M. I. A.; President A. Laker, of the Stake Primary Associations; Bishop J. Hunt; Presidents of the branch Relief Societies, Y. L. M. I. Associations and Primary Associations, and others. Singing, "High on the Mountain Tops," etc. Prayer by Prest. Wm Budge. Singing, "With Joy We Own Thy Ser-vant- Lord." President Lindsay felt thankful for the good circumstances that attended the opening of the conference, and called the presidents of the branch Relief Societies to the stand. The faJ. lowing societies wrere then reported: St. Charles Mary Jacobs; Bloomington, Catherine NeknParis, First Ward, M. Innes; Ovid, M. Carrol-son- ; Fish Haven, F. Howell; Garden City, A. E. Cook; Laketown, M. E. Fihdlay. A written report from Liberty was read. Paris, 2d Ward, Woodruff, Randolph, Bennington, Georgetown and Saleratus Creek Societies were not represented. President Lindsay explained why the Statistical and Financial Reports were not read this morning. Spoke on the principle of order, and requested the sisters to forward all contributions to the Temple to her, with the names of the donators, so that she might forward the same to the President of the Stake. We have to be energetic and persevering ii order to accomplish what the Lord requires at our hands. The Financial and Statistical Reports of the different branch societies were then read. Singing, "Before Jehovah's Awful Throne." Conference adjourned until 2 p. m. Benediction by President Hart. 2 p. m. Singing, "O Awake my Slumbering Minstrel." Prayer by Bishop Hunt. Singing, "Except the Lord Conduct the Plan." The sacrament was then administered, during which the choir sang, "Ye Children of our God" ami "0 God, the Eternal Father". The following reports were then read: Statistical Report for the half year ending D.c. 31, 1881: Teachers, -- 123; members, 458; total officers and members, G29; meetings held, 77; average attendance, 180; Church papers, - 161; Woman's Exponent, 35. Financial Report: On hand at last report, cash, $37 35; property, $161 81; wheat, 387 bu., 17 lbs. Receipts: Cash, $248 53; propertv, $19 10; wheat, 34 bus., 10 lbs. On hand. Cash, $88 55; property, $758 25; wheat, 707 bus., 37 lbs. Presidant P. Hoganson, of Montpelier, and President Sparks, of Dingle Dell, made brief remarks. President Lindsay said there are a great many duties devolving upon the sisters of the Relief Societies. Related her early experience in connection with the Relief Societies in Kays Ward. While in one of those meetings the spirit of prophecy rested upon her, but through timidity she neglected this spirit, and it lert her. She instantly became darkened in mind, and while another sister in the meeting arose God gave the same prophecy that the Spirit of dictated to the snpnl-p-r .QI, thon .made & covenant that she would never again neglect the whisperings of the Spirit of God u person can conscientiously sit down in contented and say there is nothing to do. There is an abundance of work to accompli, and our time should be spent in helping to do it. Spoke of the negligent condition of some Soof" the sisters in not attending their Relief ciety. Every one that neglects the meeting, God. loses a certain portion oi the Spirit of The Lord' has placed a great duty a mother?, 