... lnLss.s- - --- - ;.. iat(rmtstf lb - , -, ... , AtJTvLivxrrx, J -- 1 fibrilf ti- .. Xiil were r . fif 1 v.. -.- c-. tv and Smith -- 7jcs "I." U. several other cm iu rn nrnui.rcu tiie stana."-"weUra2d rtVitwi great crvtm Jia-J- Jbnli.and U ! "ei of tlower: a basket wll ' ipecimett4 from Soda Spring; a nice bunch of wool '2 lovrr?; ont beautiful cae of wool flowers; . in a frAme; one case worked on velvet; one box cajM ViAX homft-niftd- e tTrrwcnxynive iiuits; mieen niouoes Deautl-fullYorked; one storked well by a little girl six years old; quito a number of cornucopias and haning4akets; ornamental match bdxet;;-picturc- s lramed by little girls; a horse and two cats cut out of cloth by a littlo girl; soma very fine bread made and baked by a little girl; mt cake nicelv made arid ornamented; aho' bottled fruit, raspberries aad rhubarb; two maps of the "United States by a girl ago fourteen ears, and one of the Western States. by a girl eight years old. The boys' department :consisted"bf two " one large and 7 one small; a medium sized rake;- - a shovel; plow; a cultiv-- a tor and one shovel;" one knife ' and fork; one rolling pin, and potato masher;,, one map of South America drawn and painted by a boy ten years old; hard words spelled and printed y ; Zins D. -.- .;; ... ir- v, ! I Meeting cf the Firs: Ward FHrsary A&oci "After tFecrjsl-rol'eise- doliirs was swarded who bad articles tt.., axj Pair. ta "ficiDinoa "at the late Prim -- - as a token of appreciation for her faithful labor. President A. M. B. Fletcher presented. Counselor Jlary ase ana Douquet oi arimciai uviu made by herself. Some who had not earned, hpr-fkmi- " enseontly-di the means taken in at the Fair was given to the children. The President and Counselors thinking it be?t to encourage them, thinking so small a sum would do more good that way than aDybtherJ'h'Pridnt advised the children to spend their money in getting material to make up, so that they would be better prepared in case of another Fair. Julta A. Young, Secretary. ' - 1 - remain your sister. Maggie "5TJATER C. ttt Ann Holley. :X"111.- -- Asst. Sec'y. V I LL E. Dear Editor: The Primary Association of Slaterville was organized November 15th, 1880. Bishop John A. Aired, ..Sisters Jane SrUch-ard3- , J osephino West and several others from Ogdon were present. Ann Holley. was chosen President, Phebe Singleton and Mary Kasy,' e Counselors and Sarah, Stevens Secretary; fifty-thre- name3 enrolled. We hold our meetings once a week, the children take a great interest -in their meetings. Last winter the measles ' - made a great deal of sickness among U3, and one of our Primary members, a bright boy of . six years, George E. Knight and hi3 baby brother died from its effects; and while we mourn with the bereaved parents, we feel that death has been here and stolen away a flower from bur midst; but we hope to live s that we may meet again where death will never part iia from those we love so dearly. Wa held our third conference June 19th. Bishop John A, Aired and Counselors present. - " , -- . . Phebe Singlton. Sarah Davis, Asst. i It appears, from an account given by aa Arab ady7 as' related to a Cairerie correspondent, that his - name - is Ahmed el Arabi, th? latter, being 'an appellative by which he is known among his fellows because of his descent from the Arabs in contradistinction to the' Egyptians." He wa3 educated to th laws, but longed for more active life. and entered "He left the mosque of the army of the Khedive of Egypt. At this 1 -- el-Az- har time the nation of the Franks called the were in war against their black tillers of the soil, who refused to plow and sow and plant cotton for their Melikan masters; for which reason, said Husn ah, cotton rose greatly in price throughout Egypt, and grew rich by the cotton raised on his estate which he had received from his near father. Uraby was not greatly favored by the then Khedive of Egypt, Ismael Pasha, He did not rise above the rank of a major. Hii "ambition had led him on three different occasions to endeavor to obtain the rank of bey or colonel. But Khedive Ismael had replied to the general advocating the cause of uraby'i him a -- promotion, with the words, 'If I create colonel, he will create a revolt in the regiment under his command in lest than six months, j "But the foreordained purposes of God could not be defeated, not even by a mighty khedive. Ismael was deposed by our master the sultan; and soon after Tewfik, his son, came to be ruler of the, Egyptian regions; he bestowed upon Arabi the rank and title of bey. He is now a soldier and scholar, learned in the arts of war, and well grounded in the doctrines of pur divine faith. He is beloved of the army as a bold and fearless warrior, and has the good wishes of the religious body of law. 3oc?' for they are sure that he will "use his world y to sword for the honor and glory of God, and the great good of the Arab Moslem "worW, eI' even as is denoted by hi name, Ahmad descendant Uraby; that ii, I, praise God, I,the of the true Arab." Ex. Me-lika- Our Financial Report for the last year is as follows: receipts cash, $202 50. Property $103. 68. Wheat, 212 bushels. Disbursed Temple $99. 81. Poor, $20.00. Missionaries, $16.90 On hand in Coop store, $241.00. Cash $3.75. Propertyr$22.5GV:-Cash"f- or factory $133.00; has also been There bushels. Wheat, 764 about forty dollars worth of cheese made by the Society which has - mostly been sold for wheat. u abl e pa per an d Wishin c success to you to the good cause, we remain Your Sisters in the Gospel. " Maky A. 1 RiTcnETT, Jr rest. " : Lois A. Wilson. Cor. Secv. El-urab- el-Wij- EAST BOUNTIFUL. cport of Primary Fair held at East Boun tiful, July the 11th, 12th and 13th, under the direction of Mrs. Ann Dustin, President, with her assistants. Many things were on exhibition that were useful and ornamental. One pair of, stockings knit by a little girl nine years old. Two cushions made of velvet and satin, one of unraveled yarn. One chemise made by a little girl twelve years old, one quilt made by a little girl seven years old; three balls of .carpet-rag- s sewed by a little girl; two quilts pieced by two girls, ages eleven and thirteen, nd a number of quilts pieced by others; a number of blocks pieced by very small girls; a number of pieces of lace; two petticoats nicely embroidered; on$ pair of garters knit by a little girl, and embroidered pillowslips; a number of wool mats and home knit curtains; a fine beaded necklace made by a girl eltfra rears old; a vny pretty Secretary. ARABI PASHA. r-v- al Housoy, i T Sister Porter, President of Centerville Primary, and Counselor, with a number of Primary children, came to visit the fair, and President Hatch" with her Counselor and some children-came to visit Us' . of their Primary and we had a very interesting time. Ann- - Dustin, President, enjoyed themselves. . withever-greens- , Editor Exponent: The Relief Society of Fair View held their fourteenth annual meet-in- g July 14th, 1882. Prest. M. A. Pritchett the usual exercises, reading presiding-Aft- er e preand minutes of reports , the officers-wersented and sustained. Good,: and encouraging remarks werermade Dy Bros. C. K. Hanson, Archibald Anderson and others of . the brethren; The afternoon was spent in songs, recitations etc, and ended with a picnic. There was a party given in the evening at which all - : chosen and set apart: Miss Alice J; Thompson, President; Sirs. Harriet II. Fisher, first - Coun.; Miss Maggie ...W Thompson second Coun.; Miss Rboda L. Merrill, Secretary; Mrs Maggio C. Hobson, assistant Secretary, and Miss Caroline Isaacson, Treasurer. We have seventy ' names enrolled; and have held about twenty testimonial meetings. We are holding work ing meetings two hours, once a week now. We have paid the donations required of us by the Deseret Hospital Association, since the notice was received, and will endeavor to do what i3 required of us in the future. As sisters in the Gospel, we are trying to do the best wo can. lay the blessings of the Lord attend - naeaofoweratmd-nrroke-tree- Fair View. - ' " boy-cightiyears- "old house was tastefully decorated a -- a -- fflome vegetable a some fruit. The also little the boys, .raised by -- by . lv "' Editor Exponent: A meeting for- the reorganization of our Association, was held on the 15th of Feb. 1882. Bishop Win." L- Skid-- ; more presiding. The following officers were your labors. wheel-barrow- s, -- .' , : Firld hpriinse it was composed conioinlly-by- u an d one of our PringnefuTugTadles mary girls.:- She desires an interest in the prayers3 of all faithful saints. We pray for success to all your endeavors in the advancement of the cause of Zion. The Exponent : is ever a welcome visitor with us. . KICHMOND, Y. L. M. I. An of . nutr, -- -- : -- . - day, seventh -- Fibitioaalkew : -- and grand children, and great grand chiMfen x vwum a numDcr gj.jjicuus.. .j children, assembled with musicians to play the violin; after a recitation and songs an address to Sister Field wasl given in verse, anda motto presented, bearing these words "Jso CrossrNor Crown:The"chiIdren :ana grown sunpeople then joined in dancing till nearly down; we then bid her good, night in concert, arid left her to the enjoyment of the society of , and friends. ' . l n ::TT .t i pnr. hcpi vou tne aauress 10 rresiuen ; ng which: gocwtructioPi The next "shall not forget. think-- birthda "v Miss., .Anaa;V7-Tal;ai.?cr- T.; given a loyelj: pair of vases as sweep stake tad tie- most.-- articles pii.'fc nme,-side.: George: Hill re- 7 ceived a neat pocket book for having the "most " on the boys side. Secretary Julia A. Young : was presented with a lovely Autograph Album she-havi- and gave much we Jus0th7rlbratcd7therseventy our -- Belief Society rresideat. v &vef eigctf ?. prizes to the member?, - inonierpreiauuu .wf to b& remmDereti. i.ne With the Relief Society in the after-coo-n :itr'-me- 1 : L Young gave av t r ns y h, fecheerv Whe you give to'Qthers, There is no bteipg frarn an unwilling w1?' j 