WOMAN' 36:7 - . Ea 1 u iN IS JN T the Lord might be with them, and tbatwhile they exercised all the skill that ter-da- good spirit of y Saints who believed in healing by faith . V , was pbsidti&4M& Tri3i8eH EHHELiaEB S ;i'the revelations of God, knowledge was tlm "Lord 2at the. lo QtsttAYrllw power of uouror ine to h obtained by study and also by faitha with the - pplAJbte .benefit' oMhe Bickrand that rthey mlghtTbeT1 slckjlhe means ordained of "meutpftrSo TXsbtt. " (a Salt Lake W ty, Utah God as success. remedies should be used and at the same oso One He ermsi copy six months cony one year, S3. 00; . guided in the channel of tho best S1.00 Ten copies for the ; price of nine.' Advert Islcg time faith bo. exercised." They who- - had suffi. Saints had the believed that the Latter-da- y rates: Each square, - ten lines of nonpareil space, one ', dent faith could bo healed by faith. They who time, . $2.50: per month, $3. 00. A liberal discount to right to obtain the blessing and direction of the - , advertisers. had not faith were to be nouiished and treated regular '";.:: such Lord in all their affairs," and Exponent OOlce, Lower West , Room ol the Council with proper remedies, and these, it was written, labors as tho?e for .the benefit of thejiffllcted- jHouse, South Temple Street. Bnsiness hours from should be used with "prudence and thanksgiv-Jngiwit- h 10 a. m. to 5 p. nu every day except Sunday. "'rHe"invokelTf6e "blosElng. ekth.e Lord upon the - Address all business communications to ; efforts of the institution, its' officers .and all whq: judgment and. skill, but "not by the JPuhlislier Womax's' Rxwnnnny.',.. hand of an enemy. Therefore skill should be Salt Late City Utah..... should receive the benefits thereof. . C acquired by Btudy. Women had always been Apcstle F.'D. Richards offered the dedicatory recognized as goc4 nurse, but only of recent SALT TiAKE CITY, AUGUST 1, 18S2. prayer. date as skilled physicans and surgeons. He was President W. Woodruff coincided with what glad at the progress of public opinion. Be con. "had been said, and congratulated the listen DESERET HOSPITAL. gratulated thejalea on Jhe jp&l yrotk theyhsuT upon the progress of another labor of love con- occmpliihe(3.:'-':4'- The dedication services of the Deseret Hospi- - - ( nected with the ReljefJLg -The next in order was the setting apart of the tal were held at the bnildingn- - Fifth East " "Ilk other features of th Church and Kingdom of God, was organized to stay. He endorsed . physicians and matron by President John TayStreet, in ; thU city, Monday, July 17th, at 11 o'clock a.m. Of the First Presidency cf lor, and Joseph F. Smith and oLhYri?. Br. Ellen with all his heart the principles enunciated cf B. Ferguson was bleat and set apart by Prest. the Church John Taylor and Joseph F. Smith, looking to the Lord. We needed salvation. were present, also President Wilford Woodruff Taylor, Dr. Romania B. Pratt, President Smith Men's, idea5! of .medicine changed materially. TheTcDurso of practice pursued when he was a and Apostle F. D. Richards. - Presidency of officiating. Mary E. Greene Van Schoohhoven Salt Lake Stake, Angus M. Cannon and Joseph Dispensary clerk by President Woodruff. Mary boy would not be followed now Ho related lnci Ann McLean. Matron. -- bv- Anostla F. T). dents in illustrations of thl?, and showed the E. Taylor, Mayor of the city, Wm. Jennings, Richards. Benediction was prone unced by Elders C. W. Penrose, ,L. John XuttalJ, and necessity of the guidance of the Almighty in ' Counselor Joseph E. Taylor. - ;r the treatment of the sick. He was thankful Joseph Home. The President and officers of""" the institution, also physicians ia charge, mat Mayor Jennings manifested his interest in that we would nor have a place for the treat-meron and others. Dr. Seymour B. Young read this. benevolent institution by handing over to of the afflicted, where the Elders could" the programme of the services. Professor C. J. the President a check for five hundred dolLrs. walk in and freely administer the ordinance for , There is every prospect of success in this humane Thomas had charge of the-- music. Prayer by the healing of the eick, and he felt that thia 1 n8tituticn and much needed enterprise if the brethren and 3 President Woodruffj and after singing and prayer would grow and increase and Dr. Young read the circular and appeal. sisters respond to ine appeai. itrequires a creat the purpose desired. , exert! on on the psrLP- - those engaged in this Tresldent John Taj lor said his sympathies President Angus M. Cannon was gratified wbrk fd ei tablish an institution of this kin j by were extended to the - ladies ia their labors of thit the Sisters had been. led. to take the course" ove for ' the establishment of . thkhoiitalr donation. There Is everything needed, and any which had reEuKed lu the establishment of this doxiatlou of furniture, beddlDg, household tiiten r where the Bick oftheTLord'a people could be at. naveme of the nuu ordinances oenetit in Relief icuoca that effjits Society which was estab- -' 8lls, crockery, cutlery, etc., will be gratelf ully of the Church as well as ekilul treatment. lished by the Prophet Joseph Smith. Here was received. It is hoped that the sisters in the d f. Accidents were numerous in these troublous a place where the afflicted cf the Lord's people ferent Stakes of Zion will fel It a pleasure and a times and sickness prevalent. It was right that could be watched over In a proper way and duty to become members of the Hospital Associawe should have a place where the ekk could bo could be administered to by the good Samarition, and have their names enrolled with thoee Gad efficiently tended. Several of the ladies prestans. had set His hand to establish Zion .more actively engagedjn this .good and noble ent had aequiredra knowledge of those prihcK its in . work for the fullering and distressed. beauty and power, and he felt that this were needful which in pies proper attention to beginning would be looked back to as the germ the sick, which he was pleased to recognize, for of something much greater, which would reRELIEF SOCIETY CONFERENCE. to1 was in accord cur with afl religion jt flect credit upon air engaged in it. He trusted acquire useful information to deal' with disease, and that soma extensive grounds would oon bo The quarterly conference of the Relief Society, physicians should not be bcund by rigid rules, He related an incident in his experiSalt Lake Stake, convened in the 14th Waid butact as directed by the Lord, because there the ence, showing necessity, and blessing Cf Assembly Rooms, June 16, Counselor Elmina S. were eo many phases cf the same diseases ,and reliance upon the Lord for healing of the sfek. lay lor, presiding, in the absence of Sister Hornf po much difference in the constitutions of .Ho hoped the institution would be sustained by who was unable to attend. After usual exerAt the same time wwere commanded means the faith and cf the people. cises, minutes of previous Conference were read of the Lord to "seek out of the best books words Wm. Msyor Jennings considered that and accepted, and twenty three branches of the of wisdom," and to seek knowledge oy learning. was needed ia this Territory. R. S. were reported by the President, or onr The Yet we must not forget to call in the aid of t iters had ilone a good woi k. Wo had become of tho Counselors; after which Mrs. E. S. Tayfaith, but while we acquire all the intellteencj a large community, and people of all classes lor made some appropriate remarks. Singing possible to be attained, at the same time we must wercamcng u?, also many whoWere afflicted and btnedlction and Conference adjourned until exercise faith that the blessings of the Lord from various causes. : of the Isolated 2 o'clock p.m. mighS le upon cur efforts. The officers of the of the ihero was places lackof mediTerritory Afternoon. Session: After preliminary exerAssociation and-- all connected with J t, had hi3 cal skill, and hero a place to which cases cise?, speeches were made by Slaters E. 8. Taybest wishes, and he felt that they would have might be brought U.n treatment which they lor, and P. L. Kimball, on the duties of women the b' casing and favor of God. They' should not could nut oblain where they lived. Heie the and the privileges of the Go?pel. Dr. Elvira 8. neglect to avail themselves of all possible soursick could be trea'e 1 in a Barney wa3 the next speaker. She gave a mo3t wayhat they could ces of knowledge, but seek for it in every direcnot be among persons not of our fai.h. He interesting account experiences dnrlng tion. He closed by blessing tht officers, physihoped the ladles would keep Jn --view, m he her three years, absence in the East studying cians and, attendants, '.and all connected with lieved they would, the faet that this hospital medicine and surgery, said it made her heart V the hospital, t was not for speculation but for relief. He hoped ache to see the condition the world was in. She President Jc&cph F. Smith endorsed the reth i3 builvling would pre vo largo enough for many had sought diligently to prepare herself for use marks of President Taylor. This was a step 5 ears to come. It would have hi support, both" " fulneaj in the profession me had chosen, and ... tlrerin-- " quiteneccfsary. to be byhis means and fr.ith. was rejoiced fo be at home onco more among i teres t t the afflicted and the poor. He would "der C. WPcuio? eaid Ihero was no need Jhe'Saihts.' have been "pleased if the institutl n could have for any remarks from him concerning tha objects Dr. Romania B. Pratt spoke of her fetf been started in a . belter place. Jit was but a of this institution nor the benefits to folio w from months' abscni5o in the East and her great joy, tmall beginning, yet it was better than noLe at badbeen-wellsetW- th in i returning homo again; that Utah was the' Jt; Jheej by these all, and he expressed , the hope that succcfs speakers who had precrded him." "He would Bay, dearest place on earth to her, allndedr.to : theT7 would attend it, and that perfect union, harhowever, that the institution had hia sympathy great divines of the day. and their preaching,"; mony and good feeling would prevail among all and support, and he believed it would besuc-ceggfa- l. said she could realize they had net the light of . , ' who rud the conduct cf iter affairs, so that the Bomo persons might woader why Lat the Gospoli' She: went fo fcear: Henry Wsr tctai-TaoutW- y, . : . " - : , ; . ; nt ac-compl- ic'h -- -- ob-talce- d. man--kind- this-hospit- al - , In-so- " me . ; of-h- er -- " -- takn,w8;lu -- 