ti:;wn sEueiel iTfell attended On McBdajrnornmg at 11 a. m. the Primary Conference ami Fair was held throughout. , tpii AlUiciigliJfce-Fft- lr ere about 309 SaTurdayaf teniooD-.Thre-children present. The hot: sb was beautifully decorated for ihe cccaskn, with flowers and evergretnf, under the direction of Sister Rawle and Brother Welch, and bung with rcottcca of a ,. great variety, the work cf the children, two of them were by t,cme little girls "Gad bless Bister Snow, God hleta cur Primary," and ether In teresting and happy re minders, .Therc were excellent f pechcens of fino needle work by girla who were quite young; one pair of tucked drawers made by Gecigina Smith, five years old. A q ull t m ? de and q uilted by Moun tain" Green Primary very neatly doner" Quilt by" Li Bouth Morgsn tPnwr : -- k. m -- ' 7 1882"!"SatfftV house, morning 10 a. m; Meeting called to order by Pres J th e usual nnpn ! n r: exercises, roll called for R. S Stake officers and presidents of branch R. S. Statistical and Financial reports irom fifteen societies were read. Minutes of nrevious Conferen : read . and accepted. Verbal reports by the Presidents of the branches of Relief Soeietv. as- follows: St Charles. Pres; Mary Jacobs, Bloom; : inton, 7.Pfe. Sarah Greenhalgh; Paris 1st- Vard, Counselor E. Collins; 2nd Ward. Pres. M. A. , Shepherd; Ovid, Pres. M. Carlson " Liberty, Montpelier and. Bennington, not re "ported. Georgetown, by Pres. Lewis. Fish Haven Pres. Frances Howell; Garden City, A, E., Cck; Town, RandolphWpodru ff, Saleratus Creck,not reported, and Dingle Dell, by Pres. J. Sparks, The societies .that were represented are all' . in a flourishing condition Counselor. E. Collins expressed her gratitude to her heavenly Father for hi3 " goodness in permitting the people to meet in Conference, under-suc- h favorable ciV eumstances. Said those who neglect attend-- e ing their meetings will lose the Spirit of God; and their mind3 will become darkened. AVo should ; do nothiner to cause our Father in July-15th'andl- 7 I'l.: - - - gsMa I am happy to report our Society to be in a. thriving condition. All seem to take a? lively interest.Our President has not been able toat-- r' ten dmuch during the last few ycar3 on account of poor health, though afflicted and suffering much of the time, she lies on her bed preaching the Gospel and her good influence is felt in the -- nieetiBpraihe Church and kingdom of God. ; We feel to be : with you in doing all we can in ' regard to sustaining and upholding those that are placed over us; for we realize that the will haveto'see" after ..time is coming when-w- e ' the things' of God and not after the folly and fashions of tfre world; sustain oar own people in ; preference to the outside element. We must become united for where there is unity there w strength and if ever there was a time that strength was needed it is no wr to withhold": the opposing power that has been allowed to rise u p among us. We remain 0uri3ters in the Gospel. r3 . - us strive to Keep all tne covenants'we have made, and be humble before God at all times. The time is nigh at hand when the judgment of heaventojvithdraw-his-Spirit-frdm-usrl- -- Miller, Pres. Rhoda-A. Nellie -- : ' " R S. - . YIj. M. Cum. L Ar AND PR f M All Y REPORTS. : Spencer,- Sec'y. - -- MILL CREEK WARD. A report of the .reorganization and proceed-mg- s of the Relief Society of Mill Creek. Our Association was reorganized August 14th 1877 under the direction of Bishop Reuben Miller and his Counselors. With the following named" officers Mrs. Jlhcda A. Miller, President - MI LXTIJREES. W A RDjJ U LYjzIBthl882 tively to whaVthey may have to say. Editor Exponent: Dear Friend The Primary Association of Mill Creek convened in Conference at the ' Ward fleeting House, Friday June 23, at the hours of ten a. m. and two p. m. respectively. President Ellen C. Clawson presiding. There were over two hundred children present. After the usual opening exercises, the reports of the Tour r Primary Associations were read. The exercises of the day consisted of songs, recitations,-- ; dialogues, questions &c, which were well rendered. On account of the resignation of the Secretary and Treasurer of the Primary: Association of the second district, Sisters 'Agnes Merrill and Mary Samuel, were seiectea to nil tne vacancies. Also on account of the deatli of Sister Elizabeth Birch," President of the Primary "Association of the fourth district, Sister Elizabeth Winder, was selected to fill the place of the deceased, and Mary Merrill as second Counselor. President Ellen Clawson and Coun. Camilla Cobb, each gave the children some excellent instructions encouraging the children in storing wheat Also spoke of beans as a good thing to store up. The President of each association expressed their pleasure in having the sisters meet with us, and listening to Uie .many good instructions they gave the children. Brother Lcmmon and Plant, spoke encour-aginl- y to the children and expressed their jpjemjnjteinngthe-exerasestogether the children had a remembercd Al r- timelor, to-b- o- DEAR LAKE. Sec. , Minuter of the meetings of the 8th of the Relief Society of Bear. Lake Stake of Zion, held in St Chaeg meeting ce Sister Sarah Holmes felt to respond when called up- on, said it is a great privilege to meet together, and talk of the things of God, try to overcomo "the timidity which naturally onnresses us when jve rise-4- a speakrwe should study, read -- and improve our minds, for wc cannot be saved in ignorance. Pray and teach your children to pray in the family circle; they will become accustomed to it, and will respond, whenever called upon in meeting or elsewhere. t which is Try to overcome evil, and right. JIf the sisters felt as interested a3 they , should do there would be more of them present on this occasion. We ouf?ht to be alive to our duties. There is a great work to bo done, and ; mu nine js snort in wnica to uo it. jvieeiing adjourned until 2 p. m. Singing, Benedict ""T ":"r tion. "". 7 2 p. m. Y, L. M. I. Association occupied the afternoon. Sunday 16th at 10 a. m. Meeting called to order by President Lindsay, choir sang. Prayer. Singing. Pres. Lindsay said we are all like children, striving to learn the best methods of attending to our business. Was glad to see so much liberality mam-feste- d by the sisters, as there had been in regard to building the Temple. We should all be anxious to have that build in completed. Spoke of the necessity of assisting to emigrate the poor from the old do-tha- ' : ; . -- countries.-Said hum i 1 i ty - weshould cherish"alpirTrof ou r pray ersrboth and Drivatelv. We oup-h- to attend publicly our meetings and get spiritual food, for we are as much in need of that as we are of temporal food. Spoke of the great responsibility resting upon mothersL in training their children in the fear of God; said we should encourage them to go to their Primary meetings. Gave some valuable instructions on the subject of plural marriage, aid said wb slibnld take a nnd a t tend-- to t SIaikjery Ann Nortti. . will be poured out upon all nations' ana tne baint3 will have some ot theso to contend with; thereforo let us strive earnestly for faith to overcome. Advised parents to reason and tal k wi th their children in kindness, by so doing they will gain an influence over them; teach them to pray to God, and look to Him in sickness, and He will hear and answer their prayers. We should ..attend .our meetings; seek first the kingdom of God and all needful 7 " things will be added." Treat the teachers kindly when they visit you, and listen atten, . 1SS2, in et the-Almight- . - Salt --Jke City," of ovarian tumor,, Jane TodJ, of West Weber " Weber Co. Sister Todd . was bom in South Church, Durham, England, emigrated to Utah Oct. 23rd 1881. She was well known to the Elders who 'were On mhsions in thf England, and always made them welccme to -- her table and her home. A a Latter-da- y Saint -- she endeavored to live In obedience to all the principles revealed for the guidance of the Saints. Her health had long been delicate, and when the nature of her disease was known, and an operation was made for her relief determined on, she expressedjicr entire submission to the w ill of the Lord, whatever the result might be. On July 20th 1S32, at her own request the operation . was performed by Dr. S. 3V Young, assisted by Drs. Anderkon and Ferguson, in presence of Dr. J. M. Benedict and other physicians. She bore the operation w'ell, bjt forty-eigh- t hours after septkicffilc f yinptcms manifested themsclvcp, and in spite cf the assiduous care and skill of her medical attendants, the died July 24th. The next day her remains were deposited in Salt Lake Cemetery, to await tie morning of the first resurrection. An aged mother and two ; daughter mcurn her departure, a well as many friends by a hom she was highly respected -- So-Sprin- OBITUARY. Died, July 2iih 6tli . ' : , ?t it - . . un bj a girl 13 years very good ing yarn old. Master E. Crouch 14 year old had modeled a very pretty little violin and. tome modtls cf animals cf wood. AJstaflne d irplay of v eg. 7 etablcs. Master J. Stewart a pair of ajzuH&l -BlheTsmcWByTac d. Master seph Welch 13 vyears, pcnmacs.hip7 very ntHJy'Yxecutcd.Y Liens, tlog?, birds, and other things ft shioned cf clay by the Geery'boys of Round Vailey, from Ato H years old. IIaEd8cme.pilbkce-by:,- : BararrAjers 15 years eld. Then there were little rollers, toy tabJe, w ecJtarrcwg clolhehcrsesr: by the boys were quite numerous, and indeed a -Some very neatly exvariety cf wcod-sorecuted by Octave Ursen bach. Then there wero plee, cake?, and bread if a great variefy. A serenade by the brais band of Morgan, was one of t he piling i featui cs cf the v ii t cf Sisters Eliza It. B. Smith and EJmi'na R Taylor, to Morgan City. And TTH1 ' Primsrjv Knitted stockings, b tcck Ann Lemon. Counselors! Sarah A. Snedaker, Secretary; Miss Nellie S pen cer Asst. Secretary; Mrs. Araminta North, 7 Asst. Treasu7rer;L3IeImu " " v ; Trrh surer. Some time ago Sarah A. Snedaker, resigned office oo account of leaving the Ward, her , ,p , . . n n wns rnosen necretarv. oinee that time we have received donations in cash to the amount of 8415.0o; property, Sl3.40; labor,$1615. Disbursements, to P. A. Fund, cash S2G.00; Salt Lake Temple, $21."50; Logan Temple, 6100.00; poor in. cash, $160.00;- and in property. 685.11; remaining in Treasury 8107.55; property, $43.34. Wc have stored for Zion, wheat to the amount of .497, bu. Jail.UUV I U : I 