nn EIPOIE The Eights of the. Women of Zion, and the Rights of the Women of all Nations. Vol. "TH.E SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, MAY 15, 1882. 10. LORD GOD OMNIPOTENT "I was born on the 20th day of November, A SONG DEDICATED TO PRES. JOHN TAYLOU. The day of rcdctnptlon, so near Is at hand We can sing in despite of dpprcBsion; But nercr, to tneet o'cn a nation's demand Will wo feign either fear, or depression ; The foes of onr faith, like the billows,- may foam "But a rest for the Saints yet remaineth," So we'll sing and rejoice in our own'mouutala home, That "the Lord God Omnipotent reigneth." -- And sooner may mortals enchain it, Than souls can be fettered, whom truth makcth free, While "the Lord God Omnipotent reigneth." The heralds of truth yet shall compass the earth; And gather 'the wheat" to the garner; The honest will welcome the tidings of worth Undlsmay'd by the wrath of the scorncr. The law of Jehovah wo needs must fulfill, We cannot reject or disdain it; 4Tis "the hour of his judgment," and scoffers will feel That "the Lord God Omnipotent reigneth." "From the wise and the prudent," the haughty and high The loftiest truths are oft hidden; To "the feast of tho Bridegroom" whose coming is nlgh The halt, and the humble are bidden, Through obedience, the Lord doth a witness bestow; Who e'er thus desircth, obtaineth; And thus dojiis people assuredly know That "the Lord God Omnipotent reigneth." Shall we barter our souls for a nation's applaHsc, That denies us fair representation? Are we traitors? Nay, verily, just is our cauec; 'Twill survive e'en unjust legislation. The faith of the Saints Bhall astonish tho world, And puzzle the wise to explain it; Ilosanna! hosanna! Truth's flag is unfurled; And "the Lord God Omnipotent reigneth." Emily Hill Woodmaxsee. Salt Lake City, May 1st, 1832. A REPRESENTATIVE WOMAN. MARY ISABELLA It is a' Mrs. Home says, REIGNETH." Proscribed, for opinion, In liberty's land-F- ace we bondage, misrule and disaster; , we the unto truth e'en stand, may $Tet death, by And bo leal to our Lord and onr Master. But sooner the ocean may quieted be, with such strength of character. UORXE. pleasant duty to review the lives of those who have ever nobly borne their part, in the great battle of life,and record a few of the most noteworthy incident connected with their history, It is but just to publish concerning those who have been foremost workers in some good undertaking; who have proudly distinguished themselves, and achieved good for their race; it is but just I say, to publish these facts, for the benefit of others; that after generations may know what eminent examples have been furnished them, and by whom. The history of this Church, when it is fully written, will contain much in relation to it is well that our readers should who know some of these illustrious women are, who were their antcedents, and what they have done. The ladyf whose name is prefixed above, is well known to most of our people. At the present time she holds prominent public positions, and has for some years past been actively engaged a great "portion of the time doing public dutv. Let us go back to her origin and early life and gee how she came to be endowed 1818, in the town of Rainham,Oounty of Kent, England. I am the daughter of Stephen and Mary Ann Hales, and the eldest daughter of a large family. My parents were honest, industrious people. I was taught to pray when very young, to be honest and truthful, to be kind to my associates, and todo good to all around us. "My early years were spent in attending schooland in assisting my mother in domestic duties. I took great delight in my studies at school, when I could from my duties at home. I improved every opportunity that I could get in gleaning knowledge." Sister Home as a child, was industrious diligent, persevering and exemplary. The same characteristics that have developed into such sublime strength and made her so and helpful to others,were apparentin her child hood, and no doubt she inherited many of these noble traits of character from a long line of ancestry. Her father was a Methodist, and her mother a member of the Church of England. Mrs.Horne as a child had strong religious consequently clung.more to the faith of her father, in Avhich there was more of the spiritual and less of ceremonious form, than in the Church of which her mother was a member. Mrs. Home was in childhood a regular attendant at Sunday School,to which she was specially attached, as it not only was another sonrna of gaining intelligence, but fed and fostered the growth of her spiritual inclinations. When requested by her Sabbath School teacher to commit to memory, two or three verses from the Bible, she would learn a whole chapter or perhaps two, and recite without being prompted. In this way she beeame familiar with the Scriptures, and her young mind thus impressed with beautiful truths from the words of our Savior, prophets and apostles, she was well prepared to receive in due time, the Gospel of the new and last dispensation. When only in her eleventh yearshe became so fascinated with the Bible, that her leisure hours after the labors of the day were over, were employed in reading and studying the history and incidents, the sublime parables and teachings contained in that sacred work. In 1832 Mrs. Home's parents decided to emigrate, and after considering Van Dieman's land somewhat favorably, finally concluded to go to Upper Canada. They sailed from England on the 16th of April. The lamily consisted of Mr. and Mrs. Hales, five sons and two daughters, Mary Isabella (now Mrs. Home), being the eldest of the. two. The sea voyage was tedious; ihe mother was sick during the entire voyage, and one little boy dicdupon the way, and was consigned to a watery grave. The ship anchored at Quebec, and after perils by sea, storms and dangers, the Hales arrived in York on the lGth day of June 1832, stran gers in a strauge land; and there they found that dread disease, ine cnoieru, uuiKaug icwwi lavages but the Lord preserved them all in health The following Spring, 1833, the family removed to tho country, about eight miles from York. Sirs. Hales health was delicate ; and consequentlythe care of the large family devolved fifteen years upon Mary Isabella, though-onl- y of age, bait she was quite equal to the management lof household affairs, and scrupulously bo-spa- No. 24. conscientious in regard to her duty in honor and obedience to her parents. In the Spring of 1834, she attended a Methg in the neighborhood, where odist she, first met Mr. Joseph Home, and subse- became intimately acquainted, the ?uently ripening into love, and two years afterwards Joseph Home and Mary Isabella Hales, were united in marriage on the 9th day of May, 183G. The young husband owned a farm and there theyoung couple took up their abode in a house of their own, with everything around them comfortable, and "the feeling that they' had settled down for life. Camp-meetin- To be Continued. red self-relian- SCENES AND INCIDENTS IN NAUVOO. BY HELEN MAR WHITNEY. t, tend-encics,a- nd Before closing the correspondence between? my parents during their separation in 1839 and 40, I will copy a few extracts from another of my mother's letters to father. She writes: "I must tell you a little more about our English sisters. One week ago yesterday a number of them came to see me. 1 will mention their names, Sister Pool, Sister Ware, Sisters Margaret and Lydia Moon, and Susannah Moon. I must say I never enjoyed a visit better. They seemed as glad to see ine a? though we had always been acquainted. When thpy first7 came in, nisr shaking hands with me, the next object that caught their eyea. 'Ah!" said they, "there-i-s wa our little David, Heber, see his eves." They then went to the bed to lay off their things, and ; there heheldi . your portrait, and such another ado I never-heard"Oh !" said ; they, "it is so like him," and then they wept like children, and all said-must give their best love to you. AH of the English Saints, that I have seen seem to be contented and happy; but I am told that some-othem murmur very much, especially ' the B s, 1 expect they have got too much money to be happy here. "Brother Lyman Johnson, called the day that the sisters were here, and had quite a chat with them. They all sang so beautifully that it was quite a paradise. One i of their songs was for you to come to Zion instead of to England. Sister Moon says that I must expect to have my house full for . a time after you ceme home. Please give my love to Elders Woodruff and Smith, and tell them I thank them for the few lines they wrote me. Tell Brother Woodruff his wife left here in company "with two of her brothers, about a week before Elder ' Turley arrived. Sho proposes ? visiting her parents in the State of Maine, and remain urn til her husband returns from Europe. You can inform him, that the things sent to his. wife all came safe, and I have them in my care , The child reeable to her request. . are impatient to have you come home; you are losing all of the most interesting part of little David s hie. A child is never so pretty and interesting as when' they, first ' begin to walk and talk. He is now well and'goes prattling about tho house, and you may be assured we all think him" very cunning. JbTe is called Heber altogether by the neighbors.: Every onesaysthat ought to be his name. 'Brother Charles C.Rich says, "if he lives he will look as much like you as Sethdid like Adanv who. . , I : f ? : . . : 