ftioEights of the Women cf Zionj and tho Eigfits of tie cf all Wcmen Katicns. Vol: 11. -- A SUMMER REVERIE. Norm refused; io;;bloomyi except 7 when - the mmmT 01 Mutual improvement Associations, and we . , " a t as lavish with blossoms, and we cared --discuseea trie fiubiect,-verior Ion? privately, jt but little whether they favored us or notT: v Now I am aware I and front of the M. L A's. and still wo wern't' ought to" have given 'my information at least a monthjago, but rcmeni- not quite Eatianed.-anso" we detirmined to ' bering the old --"better late some than 6niTi6the adage itf never," put ' Sarah .Ann concluded; to" give it riOw, for the benefit of says she don't care much about those like myself, a little behindhand. 1 take going to the M. I. meetings because sho dosen't it- for all free like and mc monotonous granted you bloomers, exercise irom tne appreejate ' 1 .. nr r : will suggest some that are t:vt ii cultito or me iiAui utuxi ui jjuua. very i&me revery easy jjiuw, marks that. follow, and the little reading fromvate, and that richly repay a little care.',. ' 1 .. 1 . . . l The different varieties of flowering hoonmns mtfri p7T ' ashamed of Sarah Ann, but I can't quite force ij. the delicate beautv of whoso folk witlf their graceful flowers, and free blooming her to go. We were informed that wo were: not spiritual minded enough. But, what are qualities, are very desirable for winter window culture. The variety: of leaf and blossom is we to do? We like to1 hear a good sermon, wo like to read our own Bible and Book of truly beautiful. I hate one with lovely bronze the spirit thereof, but we can't quite green,ointed leaves, and red translucent stems, that is one mass of pale pink blossoms - two to be "spiritual-minded.- " ourselves bring thirds of 'the year. Another dark green V' Sarah Ann says she knows lots of young DeoDle who are mod. moral. lif!rsfat: hafifworir- rounded leaves and pure white blossoms; still ' another, light green leaves and coral Ted flowers, ing perhapsybufthey arn't spiritual-mirideThoir'A liVft "vm '"rtmll r cm f r tryr r baaiaIw ,and my list is very incomplete. .y;-- where they could improve their minus, but They require a temperature of about 70 degrees.- The soil I use is moderately rich and they lack the spirituality to' want to preach mixea with sumcient hne sand- ior good drain-"acr(they call it preach) and listen to dreary read intrs from books. Now she 'savs. what's tn bo Under these conditionsnJv blantaTavnr1 w .. 7 i ..1 me witn masses 01 bloom most of the time. ' orie with this massoFyoung people, who are otherwise good Mormons ? , and altuough called them m the begmnuig Sarah Ann goes on, to say that she don't of this article troublesome pets, their cafe is one of my chief pleasures. . think the younfr people shouldbeehided too Do not think dear reader, that . I have n- o- rnuch for their loYejpfdreESfiheithiriksth " of"01 othcr.rnrm cultivation. plants to - offer; 'mm. t easy no. lne dear old Ualla is, and well deserves them out of their folly, not drive them into it. 7tobe, a favorite of mine, for it sends forth its Can we not have some kind of societies where lovely waxen flower, withbut little attention, we save water in profusion, and warmth. I call may study a little of everything? Physical so is it my 'angel flower, it Geography, Mental Philosophy, Chemistry, pure and beautiCivil Government, .etc-- etc? Then we will ful. And then there are the old stand bys, the Ocreraniums in all colors,r double and single. gladly study also the Bible and othet Church O -- Throa;h tho green M&i alone I lore to stray, -- m ?arn -: lfnaing and Razing on llio landscape ialrj";;L'Z n The fragrant frcefcneEs of t bay It wafted daintily ttpon tho air, , --The breath f summer flows refreelici"mvIIZ And from restraint my tired heart la frce.-- 2 new-mow- ; m m y u -- ,; - m m -- -- FIeId:H!fea fipeakto tae such tender ttiDgs, : I love to listen to their tllcnt pleading, For to my mind the Baylor's words it brings, - ' And in obedience his. precepts heeding Consider ! yoa, hot)eantUnl theyQ , d yet they tpU BQt,iatnr makes them to.1-- - The flow're associate our minds withyove, And waken fond remembrances most dear, They lead tho human soul to look above, And make us feel that surely God Is near, .v To guide our feet throughout our length of days, tea, if trust IIm,:lnto pleasant ways. : : rrm rrVi nm-- VhadfanPA frt 4 Virt in d. . - e. l ; I ". . - works-.- - I told Sarah Ann that these things were taugrit in trie iliri tocrioois ot the Tern tory. Ah, yesshe replied, but the majority of our young people can't get "the ghost of a chanco" to attend them, fetill they- want to know where is the place to be helped and, something, 1 1 i .1 ii t ,0 r wur young people ougnt wiui mesa emuies; to be treated in trie same manner as a gentle man told me a cow was taught to eat onions. A handful of apples wa3 given and one onion : thrown in. Can not wo who are so unfortunate as to be devoid of spirituality, have bur onions with lots of apples? What is the spirit and genius of the M, I. A ? SJLHomb9P0NT inch, pots, cut them down pretty well give good soil and - a moderate allowance of Jwater, and they will repay you with numbers of blos- : soms all Winter. ' " For hanging baskets, ' ! I have, German ivy and kenilworth, maderia and maurandya vines, and ivy' geraniums, with the lobelia plant which is so pretty because of itsmas3 of blue flowers. And don't forget to try the begonia as a basket plant. I assure you; they are a lovely addition to our- - little hanging gardens. In conclusion, water your plants when they heed it Don't go round everjr morning with your watering pot, giving to each and all impartially. -- With plants you have to be partial; some need twice as much as others, and I have learned - by experience, that a Quantity sufficient for one, is death to another. A good rule to go by, (though there are exceptions,) is to give more water to thin leaved plants, than to thick leaved ones. r : You will soon see when you give too much, as the foliage will drop. :V I have mentioned only a few flowers but they are all easily cultivated, arid I hope if tried, will give as much pleasure to you as they have to me, I think you cannot tail to have " success, if you love flowers as well as I do. ; Myosotis. , s lanra rif flnA ... WINTER HOUSE PLANTS. Who is there among the lady readers of the Exponent, that does not love house plants, and their culture? If any, they need not trouble to read farther, as anything I have to say 11 mem. win scarcely interest.it . But to those who are fond of these troublesome pets, perhaps I can suggest "with profit to them, somethin g learned-- from actual - exper ience and not from books on floriculture. What is" there more bright or beautiful, in the dull days of winter, or that makes a room look cosier, than a glowing grate Are, and win- uows mil or blooming plants. 1 say blooming because I suppose there are some like myself (and for them I write) who have gone through , the seige so trying to amateur florists, . e, of with great care, plante that stupQornly , A , Tfra. M M "Rirlrnr. whn wns rAApnt.1v ndmiffv! to the bar of the District of Columbia "passed," says a united & tares senator, "trio best exami- ' nation among seventeen applicants, all men but herself. She was found to be particularly, well versed1 in the law of real propertya orancn supposed to do beyona trie reach pi female intellect. There are at the present moment nearly four hundred female physicians in active practice in twenty-sixjcitie- s of theTTnited States,the majority of them being settled in New York, Massachusetts, and) Pennsylvania. These figures T : '.' -- HOMESPUN TALKS WITH HERSELF, - Homespun and I have a very odd habit- of talking when in doubt on any subject; Sarah Ann taking one side and I the other Our thoughts drifted the other night on to the shtfro . - . Ulicn we shall find It was not all in vain To walk by faith or feel the chast'ning rod, For hidden things to such will, be reveal'd, Which erst for ages past had been concealed. Emile. T Sept. 231SS2. i . -- d TVi - ' :' , But if an exaltation we shall gain, 't Mor-monj- ' -- . . On, pleasant paths, where faith and hope combine, To teach ua lessons, all who lire should learn, To trust la God, and say JhIs will, not mine," -And realize tis only what we earn, ' ;:rr Will giro us entrance into mansions fair, 7 "Which Scripture tells us Jesus will prepare. And if our way Is sometimes thickly strewn -thorns as that "''With pierce and rocks sharp as steel, And we must tread this dang'rous path alone, While only One above knows what we feci, Then will He not draw ncarto own and bless, ' The suflMnff soul who tolls In loneliness ? These were my thoughts, d mahy more Indeed, As llnjrlng Inlhejields one sunuoer day, I felt within lay heart an 'urgent need, r Of loving help to aid me on my way, For I was weary with the toll and strife, Of dally contact in the walks of life. Communing thus I sought some recognition, In nature, or through 'nature's heart" to me, Soma whisper soft, or gentle Intuition, JThat-woulcxpressr loving sympathy An Inspiration filling me with zeal, Some knowledge of my future to reveal. Ab, we poor human beings know not yet, One vital principle of a creation, ; On cv'ry side with problems we are met, "We may not solve, while hero' In this probation ; These are the hidden mysteries of heaven, rrttrnn" Tliof JtnW in i Via fnjtlifnl ttrVl 11, " j women, .practicing medicine in the United States. A few years ago a lady doctor was more or les3 a rara avis; now there b scarcely a vUlago in any one of the Eastern States which can not boast of at Jeast one such prac, titioner... 