thai wakes intelligence in men the comlitioa of franchise 1 Were that r:wnditioalniade,rihr re suit. I am glad to say, would be less, d Uzst rous In Nebraska 'than in any other state, tl tho- - census shows that 'you have. leas ratio of.illit-- y in- eraey than any of your' sister states But, sisteAiLcd-d- er women wiirvititato tlic and Dolla' Here is an item of newsjn-leed,""worthy a place m But, says another, it won't do to have woman : suffrage in Nebraska not that it is not right enough, but .it involves such a waste of time; . the wives would merely duplicate the vote of their husbands anyhow, daughters of their But if lathers and sweethearts oj.their.-.te' the-unvirtuou- 3 home, in the school, in the working occupations. mid ia ?.ocict)thi0nlyaln?licrA compatV v fear for its ible Avith the highest virtue. ballot-bowith health should we go to tho After referring to the you,? Great applause. ballot would destroy domthe objections: that estic felicity that it could not help having a- rb'ad effect on women- - and others of the same x . ciiaracter, the speaker asked what it that has made the American citizen great Is it our great rivers, npuntains, plains ancl forests? Nay, it has been the consciousne&Lof BUsindivi--dualit- y and oflthe right "to his infUvidualrtyr The outward Conditions are good; they do in-- . deed help to develop the man, but not till tho paei ty-- - ' . youx-presdJ-cpox- ; iUKirally'isuggesUJtlf'-- . that-.therd- such is - the vote by all means, if than to illustrate the harmony. Laughter. But another said that not a Nebraska woman would vote as her husband does. But if there is so much intelligence, and so great for no other reason- " involves, no harm can surely., come from the ballot; it would then become a the wife who vote against her saiety-.valvhusband ; ha3 simply neutralized . the vote sho doesn't believe in, and there' i3 no further ground of quarrel over a mere difference of e; . - -opinion. Laughter and applause. But, objects another, it is not because the women do think or dp not think just like their "husbands that I oppose woman suffrage, but because none of the women want to vote. This certainly shows a remarkable deference in the male voter to the, opinion of those who have no political influence. But perhaps the woman who doesn't want the ballot has never been frankly asked whether she does; perhaps the husband's ridicule, scorn and contempt have prevented a free declaration. ...When I. hear men saying that they are willing that women should vote, but. they do not wish it and therefore they (the men) will not vote for the amendment, I say that I respect the ballot too much to make plea; not on this ground, but because you frankly do not believe in woman suffrage, should you vote against it. For such an expression of individual conviction, and not for the puerile plea urged, do I have respect. " ZZ Zr' ; Applause. Again, I hear it objected that your pure wivc3 and daughters must not be brought down into the - mire of politics. My father, and brother, and husband, have always voted, and they stand there in "the mire of polities'' with unsullied-feet- , and with a pure heart and clean hands. But if politics be so base, who made it so ? "Whatever their conditions are they are" conditions of manhood's making. But this is .the old argument of the ages to keep woman subordinate, not tyranically but in ignorance. This argument, 'til within afew generations kept women from the table with men kept girls out of schools, and it kept women out of the professions - and- - trades. Why, then, did God send boys and girls in. the same family ? The struggle in Boston over the admission of girls to the public schools was recounted: aud ¬ within ten .years that they have en- it is ,only . . t ".i.itne .Doys, nor nave tereu tne .uatin scnoois witn their morals been corrupted. And now, at last, everywhere, women - have, entered the schools, the professions and the trades, thev have become the queen3 of the' social world, and self-helpf-ul not have tho same effect on'American it, women ? Shall we not, like you, grow in dig? In reply to the objection nity and that woman has no real reason for voting, the speaker said that hianjdaimed the need of itto. "" protect his property and his occupation. Woman, it k true, has less property than man; -- but asvI need it, the less, I have thejnore need that T be able to protect it. But women as well as men have industrial interests. In place of seven occupations thirty years t, ago the women of Indiana now have and those of New England have 85; and in Indiana 21,000 women mako their living in productive industries. If there were but 21, X)O0 men in Nebraska who thus made their living, would they not need the ballot as much as do the 90,000 now V. In conclusion the speaker pictured Tthedelight reign in women's hearts when they could stay at home and enjoy protection in their sphere by . enjoying their rights outside of it. Wewant the ballot to protect us in that sphere, what- : , ever it is. Ex. - . IFJ OBSTETRIGS. epeckl request ot Ms. K. It. SHOW SMITH Dr. ROMANIA B. PRATT her class in November ut ; In nmencc her oOlco orcr Godbe Otwtrfcv Pitta' lirag W tares, three per week or five moaths. Durlnc thocoaS" Dre.Auderson and tenediet wilt each deliver elx tlealjlectureiFee for-dcformer IJS :' Am v W mr ianiuZ smiX): books (s tt.M i$t BtramentB tmS plates for illustration. VltiMtttmtSll cers for book mrlv.-- . ha ihA-K- v tn dent. -- vrt ' tha East. T A. TC wutnw irnm 22 Xs ' S BAQ X SALT LAKE CITY Ppocial Departmenls tor Cent's Clothing and oodsr Shawls and Domestics, Groceries, Stores. . - - Hard-warca- will self-respectf-ul DRIED FRUITS OF III 3. IP. 1 od . - , CLASSES WANTED. TiE-ARIDlEXi. self-respe-ct - J anti-domest- JimiJLLEAm)ET DRY GOODS, HEAVY & NOTIONS, GROCERIES, SHELF HARDWARE, GLASS & QUKENSWARE, AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS 1: Em ic fifty-eigh- that-woul- Of 8alt Lake Qtvand vidnlty wlU And tho LAEGEST aod BEST SELECTED STOCK cf ' SHOES BOOTS, & SLIPPERS, Also,fulland desirable Hues, bwt brands Oliildron'a obola the Woet. r d- DEPlno Shoos, jw Your Ordert an SdUditd, 4 ! ELLEN HOMESPUN LETTER. on Main Street, over JTcardif BrotT Stored Special Studyhas been given to Barbery, Diseases . of women, and Diseases of the TO MRS. HJLNNAn T. KING. NOSE, Do you know Sister King, ray girls and I thought wc would run in and sco you a few moments, and tell you wiile we are herehow much comfort, yes, real comfort, wo have taken in your contributions to the Exponent. JiVq - are ;kind of plain home-bodieand not yery good at giving expression to our joys or sorrows. You know how it is with us; we have never used , ourselves to giving praise. But, dear sister, we would like to give you a hearty hand-shakalong with our gratitude, for your kind, and helpful words. The girls were just saying, before we came in, that they think, we a people, are too slow, or too careless, at giv-in- g to those who . praise aud encouragement have nobly earned it; meaning chiefly, in liter-- : ; ary labors. As I replied t6them, we could no ver estimate the amount of good the r lines from E. R. Snow,xthe cheering sweet sentences of Aunt Em., and your own words have done the women of pure ennobling Utah. And so we came on a happy errand, to voice pur thanks to you, our Woman Friend! - Will you let us say,- - continue your labors; for sure, sure is the rewardand while we know muvj m guxuo wxin nearts mi ot sorrow, to on Vour crave the immnrffll wwitl, ffnr us let lay our simple ilowera at your feet, that- jruu uiuy, percnance, De cheered on your dailv road. And now good-b- y I But before we quit your home, let us leave with you one heartfelt God y?u God bless you, Sister King I USt t0 seo ow many "girls" Hve in I Utah who fully echo these sentiments, I wish all who do, would forward their names on aslin s, soul--inspiri- '' - uiiu wuui. juaa utwjiuti oi meir purity ana of paper to the 1 Office THROAT AND LUNGS, ZiAnGOf Home Made -- A. - Trnnka STOCK for Sale by JOIIJf C." CUTtEIl, Agent for the PEOVO WOOLEN JflLLS, Old Copatltatlon Ilalldlnn also HOME MADE Crown Yarns, Bl&ckets, Cotton Battlnff, wmte rerns, Wool Batting, ! iiannejfl, Colored Yanm- HrrvwrM. . Shawls, Iinseys, Casalmert, Washboards, Jeans, Tweeds, Brushes, Etc., Etc ., i P. AUERBACH & BRO. e, . B. FERGUSON, MVSICiflH ilHDSDRGEOHr OJlc4 ' abroad say lnat nowhere m all the world are there found such women as America's women great applause nowhere such purity with such freedom; nowhere is so high a price set on virtue, and nowhero aro the. homes of tm people so- - well admired. What makes it so ? It is the air of freedom which men of the new worjd, have breathed in this rm ;jnjituioj luan more - "Nebraska asT ; this; statement CLilSS tate a-.s- of harmony in Nebraska, let us have the - HAVE Tfl THEIHHEW STORE, BEMOVEfl . - CALL AND His. (24 4728 EXAMINE Spring and Snmmcrl Goods. "1 ng of Woman's Exponent, to be given to Sister King as a souvenir. Mi TINNER, CAS WATER & STEAM FITTER. nont EnMSEY3 celebrated LOT and FOECB Pnmps llopalrod on short notice. Orders ficom the coantry promptly responded to. CET Addrtst, David Jama, Box 808, Salt LaU City v- , H. DINWOODEY, FUENITUEE, SPSIIS BEOS. KIBE MESSES :fflIHis:fflLM 1 75, 71, & 79, Rrst South Street, SALT LAKE CITY' I 