i'U thfjnfa&$VrrtiiJ! ' ywW n or ine I'resiueni. Editor. EMlIELIJffE B. WEIXS, PuWUbed In Bait ; Lake City, UUh Tettns: One cony one year, J2, 00; one copy tlx months $1.00 Ten ''copies or the price of nine. Advertising rates: Each iqnare, ten linea of nonpareil space, one time," $2J50; per month, $3. 00. A liberal diaconnt to eemi-montli- lj. v rcrnlar adTertlaert. V Exponent Office, Xower Weat Room of the Council v lionise, South Temple- - Street, Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p m. every day except Sunday. Address all business communications to . - :vxi ; . B ALT-LAK-E ' -f-r-S- Lake City Utah. alt JULY CTTYir 1, . 1832. A' ' ur crioteejjto : ANINTI3BEBTINQ TOUR, i--t We have Just returned from a tour through Sevier and part of Piute Counties, in the interest rwonienav OTganlzationFranq also the Deeeret" We left this city on Wednesday Hospital. morning June 14, accompanied by Mrs.E.'How-ar- d. Our immediate destination was Bichfleld, where the Bistort Conference of Sevier Stake was to bo hefd on the 10 and 17 of June, and arrived in Bichfleld on Thursday evening. Friday morning the Belief Society Conference of Sevier Stake convened in the Bowery at Bich- field, Mrs. Elizabeth Bean presiding her Com colors Mrs. T. M, Thurber and Mw, F. er Spencer on the platform. of Sevier Stake, and several Bishops were nresent. - Mrs. Bean conducted the rexercl8ewifh"iale" and dignity.' The Presidents of the several branches of Belief Society in Sevier Stakegave verbal reports as follows: First and Second Ward Bichfleld, Glenwood, Annabella Invernry Monroe; after which tho meeting was addressed -- Pres.-Scenc- by JMrsE. lL.wiia..ATrn, nwMLeu City, Mrs. E. Brown Pleasant Grove, and Mrs. .LucJnda Houd, Beaverr In the afternoon veibal reports were civen ; inejirenerai auiuonues a-to- Glen wood, where we met with the people In the school-hous- e and then proceeded on our way to llurrvillOfce aog-van- py little praii ie dogs peeped ou t n everyturn. "About dusk we reached Burrville, as dusty and weary as' any travelers need be. Br. and Sister Burr were extremely kind and we rested and refreshed ourselves, and the next morning went over to Cedar Grove, where the people from three settlements were assembled at 10, a. m " were spread in the bowery at the grove, and the pic md under the beautiful bid cedars was a most enjoyable aflair. The wind was blowing from JXoosharem", Vermilion, and Jledmond. jusi. sumcjenuy lo maKe aeiignwui music, weird Sisters froml uu cuLUBuwug, LUAk iu uue iix pensive mood rand Pres. Spencer7 in a few words expressed was most gratefully soothing, especially at the ' himself, well pleased with the reports and the approach of evening. The next morning we left teachings of the sisters. Mrs. E. Bean and Mrs. urass y alley with two teams, accompanied by Thurber each gave some good counsel and the PreiA, K. Thurberwho seemed much gratified ' officers of the central organization of the Belief by the visit of the eisters, Society were unanimously sustained by the The road wound round throueh diversified Conference also the Belief Society officers of ecenery, bo grand and imjosing that it filled the Seveir Stake and the Presidents of ) the several mind with a rich store of material for contemDla branches. Conference adjourned' for three tlon; and to an admirer of nature' charms and " months. mysteries it was an open book, which one might Saturday morning the Conference of Y, L. M. spend years of timo in reading. y Went to I. A. Sevier Stake, convened Jn the extreme end of what id termed Babbit Jhe Bowery, Coun. Cella E, Bean presiding. Y. L. A., of Valley; and up among, the red mountains cf Bichfleld; Glenwood, Monroe, Kobsharem, Jossolid rock. Ihese are in every form and style of eph City, Inverury, and Aurora, were severally nature's architecture. One might easily imagine reported. Mrs. Wells and Mrs. Howard, admem ine ruins oi oia castle?, fortresses and fcr- dressed the young people" on education, deport tiflcations, and indeed to a vivid imagination ment, spiritual culture, and politics; urging" there were pictures of petrified; soldiers, the. young ladies to study the laws of life and in armor, ladies h, the full -- costume Of knights the health, to read. good books, to acquaint themmouka, and yelled nuns, and all the dajs, selves with history, and seek to obtain a -general appendages one could need to embellish these knowledge! of what Is transpiring in the world. same picturesque o!d ruins. One u might term Officers of the central board Y. L. MI. were these legendary rocks, and if t he tradilions of A., sustained by unanimous vote, also lake and ,abor,Kinea ot.tcse'VmountaJng are to be local bfllcers. Tho Conference adjourned for credited, the legends would be quite as startling three months. , as any of the orient. But due must not indulge Saturday afternoon the Primary Conference" ioa and therepre; far, comedown from'' these was held at the samo place. Coun. of fancy, to jfacts as Jucy Belj .flights thejdo exi4 to presiding. Verbal rejwrU were given from most We knew this was a wild and desolate' was day. ty of of the Associations in the gtake, and several a few brave men, and heroic women that country, exercises, consisting of singing, reading, reciting nave paniaiiy subdued, by hard labor and thenar. and essays, were well rendered by.the children. v severance of pioneers if the A manuscript' paper ' was ' read called "The desrt Wherever there Is a green spot aud a. little water; the peoPrimary GuideThfcj wa a:plmingpart bf cultivated ple the the programme. The children were addressed haye ground and succeeded dint of hard by labor close nWiKfU and by the Sisters from Salt Lake, ho encouraged muscle, m making and ' ; . -- - T an-cie- nt .. mm- T - WkX ; -- theceiy:& beauttoj quivered, r and -- therrtall iipeni and.shlved,7and; gjimm in the Tce; Lake ia certamimecof thft mosi beautlfui slghts,iuid tiiose who have visit, Bunllghti ed Switzerland say it U UIke Vs tfeflafile Swi. Lake. The water firiaifftffliii-- ' bin.: changable, with cattle graz!ng completed f&tcfflfe'IWt: Mderwj the" wmaJjued Just toni;-S8ad?eieat hories, and luncCuptte pines, and then l?ftthej;dAirjts7lnspu i . 1 1 -- 1 W went through a portion of KirigV meadows, green and beau tiful, t d leaving there" traveled through what s known as Bear raIIey cahon the mountain scenery was " wonderful Indeed, and every moment one's attention was attracted to something marvelous or delightful. The ;icads iiowevef were the roughest over whichiwe 'tz had ever Journeyed, arid the poor horses were so tired and we so frightened that we walked over the most difficult and dangerous places. Leav- ing the canon with its flowers, shrubbery trees, and magnificent rocks in every form and color wnptrn inn punning We passea inrougu Vll ' nmlnnf.l "mu O . uu UW a. way from the ; busy scenes of ; turmol and strife, 'secluded and at Peflce with all mankind it was a pleasure to meet with them aud realise their condition r One remark struck me forcibly, it was so ia contrast with the feeling expressed-- heret home. It was that Iri - ilhhltTOiW n,.' JJ J U never pressed" for time; trey have ;inV.mnnt hurry and bustle - of town the. so;if anyone 'getfl out of time it ould bejwell for! them to emigrate to Rabbit valley where they are bo well supplied. ' After attending meetings at ,L3a :Femont and Thurber, we started, on our journey home ward, by way of Flsh,LakeV : The daywaa fine, . the P. A. were sustained by vote, alao the Stake and branch .officers. Mrs. Lucy Bell made a few remark and Conference was adjourned for three ' . months. y'-iLy The next morning we commenced of of Stake. the Southern part the Bishop Joseph accom- of Bichfleld S. Horne and Bro..Sahbaryf panfed the party, which consisted, besides these two gentlemen, of :aix ladles. Meetings were ' held atElsinore, Joseph, Monroe, Ann.bella and Inverury. V Tuefdajr evening we. returned to ' Richfield, and on Wednesday' morning started with one team and Brother Thomas Butler as :;'.-:.'- ; a Ha TY VfttJ homes.The Saints fftZZgX good roc rrn Ml ti ct T r d ing beauty, to pursue: or toilsome way over the rough mountahx roads; ' where we revel air sufficient) .light to make one dlzxv. : Bluebirds, robins and prett y brown birds too cMrojeu loxixj iweir sweet songs Jatner cedars and .: ; pines. Two young Ragles. Arched themselves on the high rocks by the roadside to take a look at ui, and sailed ft over, our .heads. On our way home we held meetings &t Vermilion, Aurora Selina and Redmonds At the last named place we aid good bye to the good sisters and brethren pf Sevier St&ke, and turned pur faces homeward. Hon. A. K. Thurber and . JudgOeorge W. Bean gave us all the information we could wish relativeo the settlement of the country by our people, and also Indtraditions and legends - whichSere very in terestinln brought home pleasant remembrances of our . tour r.nd the many kindnesses and courtesies of the Bishops i n, ;the difleren t it ettlemen,u, and the brethren and $ia ter's generally. :" in-up- ' - . .r-- : ; : . r OVATION TO THE OLD FOLKS. The 28th of June was devoted to an entertainment in the Tabernacle in this City, for the aged people from this and all the adjacent coun tieev The Invitation was extended to all ' over seventy years of age without distinction. The exercises In the Tabernacle "commenced at '10 a. if. Oa the stand were Presidents John Taylor and George Q. Cannon: Apostles Wilford ' WoodrofT, Erastus 8rioir, Franklin D. Richards ana John Henry Smith; Coun, D. H. Wells, Patriarch John gmlth:, Bishops" Inward Hunter uu xv. x. Marion; rest. Angus M.Canncn and Coun. Joseph E. Tavlor. kfavnr Vf Wna. Hooper. Crpxali's nilver band," American or orasa oana; UgUen Drass band, and the Fourth Ward Ogden band. Several of the old est veterans were seated on the Bishoo's stand. President Taylor presided over..the assembly. : After flnglng by; the TabernacJ choir; braver by Prest. Wrodruff; there was music bv CroxalFs band, and Mayor Jennings .delivered an address of welcome t followed wi tb mksic by lb e Ogden trass oand and speech by Preat.Taylor;ahd Pfest . Cannon; The Lord odOniaiDOtent'reiitneth, waa then sbbg by Miai- - L; Nebeker, Sfrt. E. L. 't j - : ana Ajruw, - A recess was riven arid a thousandMorgan. aaekt eon ier8yg Gaining jtt.-jqie- f keaand'mdjy were dfsbfbufeitd-th- e dldpele, The baridipiye bar iormeaf upon 1 !ihvu &coi& tiplpef. - per n 