W OM AN S EX P O N E N T . looseFP "terrible nrght The cpw3 got and Mr, Home was obliged to get tin tfotf go back after them. Mrs. Home ays; "The night , was dark and the "wolves rwere howling on lleth quietly. And o'er hcrillyeredfiaiir Tho moonlight pours its vail, Iler claiped hands He npon her breast For sleep hath closed her eyes. : And in her sleep the curtain of a dream - ; " Hath lifted up: . And ihoTed to her a room; A room,' both light and warm, And filled with whiBpercn;-"- TVho softly glide about , with pity In their eyes, for her, the sleeper7as the moanT wlthpaln; The sufferings keen; bnt as the dreamer feels the " pang, she crieth ; No matter Lord, how much I bear, r ' So I may bo'a mother, For sho wahlldlesr She - , . . -' -e- ' The watchers take the child when born, And lay it to the mother's breast, f She feel a the velvet hands and tiny face Gose to her heart, and as she does she munauretb, My little baby, all mino'own tFiTT He helongeUi not to some one else, But U mine own I my very own ! Then as 1 they take the child so that , the mother-V- , rest, she chargeth, them, ; : That they bold not the babyta the windQwSL Lest he might suffer : And as she gives thecarefnl charge, "T She feels her heart-string- s thrill and quiver With the ve-chords f sweet motherhood. . . -- -lo- -- Mrs.-Home gb . J " But In eternity the bliss of motherhood May be the greater and diviner td those who,in this life Have, known the emptiness The weary lonliness of that word childless. yt) ' t-- -- -- : . yy-p'- v:-'""- , Tho vision faded God pity her! And who but they who have felt, The passionate wish for a little babe, Can know the longing, For such astream .to be fulnlled-- " ss iivh uuw ui o useful auu ajlj i uiu. for those who never were acquainted with these great and good men, to comprehend how devotedly they were loved and in what reverence they were held by the people, nor how overwhelming was. the grief felt by the Saints at their untimely death. 3Irs. Horae says: "On the twenty-eight- h day of June I took my last look on earth Of Joseph and Hyrum Smith. IMay I never experience another day similar 1 do not wish to recall the scene. to Mr3. Home was at that time in very delicate after, became , health and on the ninth of July fifth her .This was a mother. son, and again was called Richard Stephen. Mrs. "Home was every side, -- I was in fearful suspense lest my husband should be torn to pieces by the ravenous wolves. I watched and prayed until I heard his welcome footsteps.; Ho w thankful and relieved I was on his safe return! The next night we arrived safely in Nauvoo. v My husband purchased a piece of land from Squire Wells. It was situated on Mulhollahd Street, about a, quarter of a mile from the Temple." As there were no houses for rent, Mr. Home nut up a lumber shanty, in which the family, ' lived about eight months. In this temporary lter-from wind and weather ilrSiJIome had bu fi nalJy--rc-o vered. In addition toJier. another son born on the , fourteenth of May household duties she spent much time in assist 1842, and she named him Joseph Smith. There ing her husband in his store; it must be apwere many inconveniences and annoyances parent to the reader that she was a woman of buildsuch a rude more than ordinary ijtyan(act, to,be able consequent upon livirig;rin ats wero-rand they to keep house and attend to several" little ing, but most of all there articles carried of children and stillffind time to devote to her clothing; frequently away but worse still ; sometimes bit the children. husband's business. , One of them got into bed with the little babo when it was about two: months old and bit its feet so that they were terribly inflamed ,: some time. In the month of November Mr. Home had OBITUAUY. Dartlv finished hi3 house and the family moved Vx oviogremenibraneo ;.we record the de- in, though it was by no means comfoi table. vmiA nana i auuci j it uu saysr bhortlyjiiter we moved, my luti in husband accidently cut a vpry eeP of B si.oj J. S. Tanner, who died April 2d 18S2, his foot. He was laid up in bed for several 39 years of ape, the mother of 13 children, leave- weeks. What a dreadful time I had dressing a husband and 5 children to mourn her loss. his wound taking care of my children, attend-in- g JoseplTE, Tanner, the eldest son, was called on to my household duties, feeding horses, making cows and tramping around in the Jsnow 1881, was taken down with a fever and died on wood!" Yet one to for some chop ray, looking the 22d of April, 1881, being 19 years of ae: Mrs. Home bore all these difficuItTes'like a- real after which Sister Tanner and the Bishop took heroine, and a woman of God. . There was no a trip to Bt. George, with part of their family f II complaint or repining, no desire to return ta xor me 11 ana aia tome woik in me living lempie lafci twit TThcr to world, J iklngo ana me aeaa7 Marra? iiin loss. mav immw with them; she remembered that in all ages gave birth to 'a little gfrlpn the 19th of the the Saints of God had borne persecution, and tame montJi Annie Tanner White, dfed in Pro- to secure she was willing .to sufieriijieed-be- , at "a more eternal weight -- of lory",-hereafter. old. not fond The mother seeing her daughter iwuvx iMrs. norne unitea nerseu wuu. In and almost the Idolizing the pro. again flesh, Society, which had been organized by Joseph . mising , son, that was taken to a better land, Smith, on the... seventeenth day of March pre when all ready for the mission, every day grew vious to her arrival in Isauvoo. bhe became weaker. The little baby dying aleo 5 days before much interested, at that early period, in the ' r.Hhc mother elevation of woman, and has ever since advoSister Tanner was a devoted wife and mother, cated, what is now considered one of the imkind and benevolent to the poor and all within portant questions of the age, "woman's rights." The Saints became more prosperous afterwards, her reach. - She was First Counselor to Mrs sickness abated, Nauvoo was built up and Elizabeth Taw t, .who presided In the 3d district the beautified until it gained appropriate where her liberality will be missed. She wai Mr. Beautiful." tho "Nauvoo of also Treasurer for the silk Association, Southern or and ' diligent-labperseverHome, through District. life of ance, gradually obtained the blessings We pray God our Heavenly Father to comfort and succeeded in establishing himself in quite the bereaved husband, children and relations., a flourishing business, and his family were ;. M. a. h. ; looked upon by the Saints as quite well situ' J . ated. At Calls Fort, Box FAder County, Utah; April Home Mrs.: On the second of April, 1844, 14th, 18S2. Mary Vheately. Whltwortb, wife received "A Patriarchal Blessing" under the of George Whitworth. Aged 44 years, 3 months Patriarch of the hands of Hyrum Smith,-th- e and 10 days. Deceated was bora December 25th, Church."" She saysjhe promises made to her 1837, at Hilkisten, Derbyshire, England. She in that blessing are being daily fulfilled. embraced : the Gospel, and Iwas baptized March -madetaIr3.-Hora-the promises many Among 21st, 18ol; emigrated to Utah In 1861, resided in this blessing, was this' one, which, at that" from that time at Calls Fort to th time of her; time, must' have seemed a littlejremarkable, mother of 14 children, 10 of death. She was the moun" "you shall have an inheritance upon the whom are living. She was a e'evoted wife, a tains of Ephriam." This was long previous' to loving mother, and a true and fa'thful Latter-da- y the exodus and our subsequent removal to these Saint. Her husband, children and a largo mountain vales. There are many other things see to is circle of friends monrn her loss. She was the spoken of in her blessing that it easy Firs t Counselor of the ! elief Society of this have been fulfilled, and that it would have ' "." " been impossible for Bro. Hyrum to know except . place. 'r to be by the spirit of prophecy. This ought Farewell dear mother, we do not'tnoum thee, r convincing testimony to any who doubt concerns . AjTonodcad, but gone to tesTto God of revelations the of ing ft knowledge From thy labors and thy tufTeringv his people. , ,: .".'WiUi thy kindred to.be felest.:... Mrs. Home, ' like many other women, ielt MABTHA ALLEJf. most deeply the loss occasioned by the martyr-- : , " 19 IJoME-spus- r. A .REPRESENTATIVE "WOMAR. MAKY LSABELLAnQRyE. - - ' M ti -- w -g- .'fW ' ' w CT 1 Continued. - Mrs. Horae has been one of the favor ones who hare had the privilege of entertaining and waiting upon the Prophet Joseph, and also his brother Hyrum, the Patriarch. At the time the Prophetrvisited Governor Carlin, Mrs. Home was residing in Quincy. Although the Governor received Prest. Smith very courteously, yet he had no sooner started back to Nauvoo than he sent an officer with a writ after him, to bring him back to Quincy. for trial. While Pres. Smith was in the inacis- , trate's court he told the officers if they would permit him to go where he wished for tho night he would be forthcoming at any hour in the morning that they might name. They made, no objection and he went back tp Mrs, Home's and informed her he came as a prisoner. He was wearing light summer clothing and as the next day5 would be. Sunday he felt that he would like a change of apparel; he asked Mrs. Home what he should do. She said, "I will He was wash and iron your clothes to-nigh- t." ing she was not strong enough; but, however, she felt that it would beV pleasure to wait up- on the Prophetfor. indeed he was greatly be- - loved by the people. ,.. Mrs. Home refers to this with great satisfaction, and also to the blessing he left upon her and- her household when he went away, for theirrkindness to him in his hour of need. ; In the month of: March the Homes moved -to Nauvoo, traveling by wagon over the then wild prairies. The roads were very bad and : they .were obliged to travel very slowly. They were obliged to. spend the night on the open" prairie, and Mrs Horno describes it as a . - : ' ' - ap-pellati- A. pn : , -- ' ? - - , e , , 1 ' 