If we do this, we need not fear the puny arm of man. It is very evident live our religion. by. the prophecies , r thathavo been given, that -- the end is drawing near, and therefore we will be sorely tried, and it will take all our time to stand valiant in the cause of Christ Let us then live so as to bo worthy of a salvation i n " lUUguuui T."l-': vw 'T r-T-- r well-doin- PRIMARY MEETING.'' 2 - trying taQrtOTestroys,nd-wotild"go-t- o the Vg take" U n fl i n ch i n g1yr' rathrr Stucki; singing. rrcst idndsay announced that owing tolthe unavoidable absence of President A. Laker she would preside in her place. The children ' then went through a series of pleasing exercises' , consisting of songs, recitations, dialogues, etc, after which Sister M. I. Home addressed ; the children, on good manners and politeness, in a very pleasing strain, asking questions and She amused the the children answering. 'children by telling them incidents, illustrative of politeness and good behavior etc., which occupied their attention throughout the whole of her address. . Price said he considered all the chilf Bishop dren among the Saints should attend these mothers should en- primary meetings,-an- d ,dcavor to send their children to these Associations; because at these meetings remarksrean-- be made which they can comprehend; while they cannot so easily understand the discourses that are delivered, from the stand. "Referred to the pleasure he experienced at the last Conference held in Salt Lake City at hearing the reports given by thepresidents of the various institutions of the young. Prest. Lindsay, in a few closing remarks, felt pleased jxt the prosperity of the Primary .Associations and trusted the Presidents of the same would be sustained in their positions. Singing. Benediction by Prest. Wm. Budge .' ABETIIP UGM HtESCr Julia Budge, Asst.; Sec'y. . - , . . LETTER TO A. GENTILE LADY. dear Mrs. Scott: -- ; ' . E-L1- " ro- - Christ Jesus, shall r suffer persecution." The raging of the ungodly and corrupt against us, is still another link in the mighty chain of evideuces we already possessed that we are Tv surely engaged in the work of God. It does not affect us to see the wicked pros- per, as it does you, for we know thatrtheir reign is short; that God will come out of his hiding place and vex the wicked with a sore vexation. There will great calamities over take the people, the day will soon come that , " tlinn of our religion. Wje realize that we arc inheriting the legacy Jesus Jeft us, and that "they who live godly in " ... , g. nounce one single principle . My . lMy acquaintances, wild are many, havefull" confidence in God, and his power to de1iver4n peopleconsequently, do not fear what men are . prjm.Singin . 7 tWeartk.ia urlfi(l,.Iwt.w7re also res" cong ou?; reward as wego along, from day tff day, even that reward that follows Benediction by Elder WfJf Singing; r - A HAPPY REUNION. they write, would testify of their happiness and contentment, declaring that they would not exchange the sweet-pea- ce they enjoy, through obedience to the laws of this Church, foFall the riches of the Rothchilds; not not for the queenly dominions pertaining to this earth; 3.for weailiving - for eternity7 as" wcHlistlmcT and expect, if faithful, to reign with the just Eafety wilLnot. tjeiound, Latter-da- y excep.tjEuaiong-.th- o Saints; that despised people, whom J As a matter of History of our Relief Society we. desire to report the proceedings of a Reunion, we had in "Richfield Feb. lb'th last, on the occasion of the (mpletionndfinalttIe-me- ht of all vindebtedncss of ourfcomfortable Relief Society Hall, and built by inc two Docieues 01 mw ny. spienaiu feast was prepared and all the poor invited as Store-Hous- e, a also families of missionaries, and all who had contributed to the erection, and completion of this took in almost every family . the building; in our city. The large meeting house"" was finely decorated for the occasion . and although 5fthethroTTg Tvasimmeuse, yet cvoryncnie'feeTQed" happy, and our worthy President, Jb. bpencer, bore testimony that he had never attended a gathering that gave him more genuine pleasure. Songs, recitations, and short speeches were ren dered " m a very excellent manner. 'of the After the feasting, and the filled with to were good things poor carry to their homes; those also who were unable to attend through age, decrepitude, or sickness, were not forgotten; a bountiful supply was sent to their homes. The affair parsed off very creditably to those concerned, and Prest. L. Ence and D. F. Farn9worth, and either of the Counselors were much complimented for the -e principles efficiency of their- regulatioii3r-Thof equality and universal brotherhood being conspicuous in all the arrangements. Wishing the prosperity of all, I remain your sister. Elizabeth Bean, Pres. R. S. - ; this nation is now seeking to destroy and scatter abroad upon the face of the land. You speak of the lovexwe seem to bear each other, which we do verily feel. Do you believe in Jesus? If so I would like to cite your attention to one of his sayings, to prove why we possess PLURAL MARRIAGE AND UNITY. this great, love for one anotherBy this ye Reading the printed report of the proceed may know that ye have passed from death unto life, becauseje love the brethren," which 1ngs of a mass meeting which convened Jn the Methodist Church in this city about'the first we believe includes sisters also. We do not -- see the miseries of life that you gee, nor do we - - of May, I was forcibly impressed -- with an idea advanced by one of the speakers, that was hear of them among our own people; but only as the sound' reaches U3.from the outentirely new to me. At least I had never looked NY e tnatknow side world. upon the subject in that light, although I had Hundreds, yes thousandsof Gentile wives could tell "tales "thought Iwas,bolh"in theoryhd practice, of abuse, heart burnings and jealousies, more thoroughly acquainted with the principle of celestial marriage. The idea was this: Polygcruel than was ever known by the great amy (as the world terms our marriage relations) majority of Mormon women, for the simple reain confidence the virtues forms ties more binding; causing greater unity son, we have perfect of our faith. I was surprised to learn they of our husbands, and the man who would abuse would admit this to be a fact I had never a wife would be dealt with ;by those having taken , this x view of the matter and I soul abhors the Church. too, My authority in the doctrine of future rewards and punishthough tat- - first none bu t - the evil one ever had; but upon reflection, changed my mind. ments, as preached by many of the sectarian I know plurality of wives to be a ministers. We do not believe in the hell they principle, yet the motive is a good one; it treach, neither do .we believe that there will who murderer a be children damned, nor that being to regenerate and improve society in order to bring the sons and daughters of Adam has had a,, priest pray over him on the galback to their first primeval state, which is cerlows will go to Abraham's bosom. We believe the Scriptures which say that "no murderer hath tainly most necessary before the coming of , our Savior. Xx . eternal life." We are encouraged in working But will no woman but a Saint the works of righteousness by the knowledge you fay, such could denial. How self be" and for true! and v rewarded the will we same, practise that must more there be there than one, must be vice versa, that all will be judged by the deeds two the more deterto result or Is not evil. whether or done in the body, accomplish good mined by heaven, the plan revealed through this reasonable doctrine ? You express a desire Mormon women! for the faith possessed by the Joseph Smith the Prophet! And if they are not true Saints indeed they will fail even then. There is a way by which you can gain that " How many have stumbled and fallen upon faith. r thisTrockT wisdom lack The Apostle James says, "if any IMany, very many. And why V Because they deicnded too muchupon their let him ask of God, who givcth to all men libown strength to support, them and their own, erally and upbraideth not,and it shall be'given .wisdom to guide them. Many very intelligent - ; him' persons have erred, have gone astray and fallen-- by If you would read our works faithfully, with the wayside, because they forgot to be a prayerful heart, calling upon God earnestly humble and to seek daily wisdom from the to know of the doctrine whether it be of goed fountain of light and intelbgence. . I assuredly or nDt, He will give you an assurance of yourknow a man. who stands in that position needs self, of the truth of "Mormonism," so called, the wisdom of God to direct him that he may st and such knowledge-would-inspi- re ypu with to all and a wise steward. The adversary - that mighty faith which wo enjoy. This is the of souls is ever on the alert to tempt both men grand secret of our faith. I will now say good and women and destroy the peace and happinqs3 day, trusting to hear "from you again soon. which unity promotes and strengthens. Yours truly. v " r i .. "'Woman, in order to be a wise counselor and Mary f.. , -- -- - K he-fo- -- ' I feel like chatting a little while with you I am much pleased with, and in- to-da- y. terested in your letters, because they breathe the spirit of an honest heart I for one truly appreciate the character you accord to us, of etc, and am sure being truthful, Ifcpea' for my. sisters when I say we do not wish you to keep silent, or cease to investigate or ventilate the principles of "Mormonism," for we consider as you do, that it i3 your business. We are not ashamed of our religion, which is the Gospel of Christ, "the power of vQod unto salvation unto all who believe.". We think with you that woman should think, and act for herself as well as her brother man; and it must bring serious even fearful contemplation of the future, to every woman, who is a mother when she xeflects upon the crime that exists, and not only exists, but is increasing in the land. Uut we do not feel as those who arc not of our faith because we know if our child-ren are faithful to the laws laid down in this Church for the guidance of the Saints, they will be saved from the sins and corruptions of the outside world, that they will be preserved , pure and spotless, living lives of honor and ld believe as we do, for peace. I wish you would certainly be happier. There is no doubt my mind but, the "Mormons" are the jn happiest beings who inhabit this globe. I can assure you that thousands of our women are just as full of faith as we; and should pure-minde- d, w you-cou- . . self-sacrifici- ng - ; , .'. be-ju- : re 