have heard thy : 2. prayer aud hare chosen this place to" myself .Hd aiiomado house 'ofsacriSce. in rcptrd to curses that snould coiae Upon thd land on account of 'sin. '.'..The.:.; sioa asd t T--vs- T't mats; tEzft tr&s a reuerxt n?vinjr The meeting Vsi a.rBf?cie, many yciing botH se:xei were present,' and tie yenaris ple-cto inspire them. 'of' the sisteft.YreTd in the work .of ;dcarth,;lcu43U ; many are necessary, to perform the work of the last days; and let be diligent in assisting to build our temples, ;: that our Father in heaven will commune with the" canker u us, an(itunr awayjjour afflictions;worm, caterpillar,and all devouring insects, our enemies, and all sin; that we may go into these gaysljdT-nov- (5nSaurdaT at 10 o'clock the Conference of ri presiding. .Minutes and reports- - were . reportsf:i vec. f Besides the ladies from Salt JjaktrfIFETAsh worth, and Pres. Murdock and Mr$. L. Houd, addressed the afternoon the "Prim-t- he- Gonferencei-Ir- r ary Conference' was" held MriT Jane Gillis presiding. There were a few exercises very well rendered by the children. There were paesent on the stand Apostle F. M. Lyman, Pres. -- m : months On Monday we left Beaver early and held meeting with the. Primary : Association at rr- - Greenville, at 9 A. M. : Mrs Jane Edwards presiding; the children, about fifty in number, were orderly and manifested much interest. -- At 1U, the iieJiet bocietv met, and the cniidren were dismissed. Mrs. Ann Richards presiding ' over the meeting, which' was an interesting oner After partaking of a bountiful dinner at Bishop Lilly white's, we went on to Adamsviile. ; Met with the Primary Association at 2 P. M. Mrs. Ann Gunn presiding. '4.t3P. M. the Relief Society convened, Mrs.Ann Jones presiding. From there we - drove on to Minersville, and met with - the rvoung people in the evening, Mrs. Lydia Black- jQurn presiding. - There "wa3 quite aiarge aud ence and the meeting was an interesting one. The next morning at 9 o'clock, the Primary Association met and had a very interesting meeting, Mrs. Lydia Blackburn presiding. At 10 the Relief Society, met Mrs. Bathsheba B. Grundy presiding. We found the Relief Societies ingood working order, but the sisters were hungering for instruction in their several duties f rom some "persons, who were constantly in a position to comprehend the needs of the hour. We" left v Minersville about 2 P. M. on Thursday, and arrived in Salt Lake at 10, on Wednesday morning. Mrs. Home stopped offat Deseret, to visit her daughter, and met with the Relief Society and Associations! in that! place. We shall remember with pleasure eiir visit to Beaver Co.,and the liberality of the people in con: tributing to the Deseret Hospital. " . ' -; 6th East, Dlsart of tho JRY. E f E AR, NOSE AN D THROAT, cial Attentloa glrca to OESTETR1C3 Tir JS zftzi 0 33 23 Xj ' O 1? SALT LJLKB CJTT for Gentl dothlnf and Special Department Carpets, Ladic' and Children'! Bhoe, Dry Goods, Bhawla and Domettks, Orooerle, Hard-war and etorea. . -- , DRIED FRUITS OF ALLCI1SSES WAST 8. P. TEA FOD3UIi. -- m. a. i. Salt Lake City, Sep. 6th, 1881. O. ;M. m Xm "a miLESALS ASD RETAIL DEALZR3 IX DRY. GOODS, N OTION 8, GROCERIES" HEAVY & SHELF HARDWARE," GLASS & QUEENSWARE, AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS, Etc.. , X X '323 Xi-- A JIZJP-?3- , C ET-2- :T Of Salt Lako Cltv and vteinltjr will f3nd thd LARGEST tod j BEST SELECTED STOCK of BOOTS , SHOES , -- - - - chain the . SLIP P E RS V & Ateo, full and deairabJe Unes, best brands fST Tour OrtStn an Solicited. West.; g-e- o. ELLEN X5Tj-isr2ro- r. 33. FERGUSON, IP H ITSItn A HijR HDl S UR GEO H, OJJlce on Main Street, over Jlardy Bros, Store. Special Study has been given to Snrffery, Diseases ot Women, and Disease of the THROAT AND LUNGS NOSE, -- X A. flL -- , RGE STOCK JOHN Home Hade Tranka Of CUTLEIl, Agent for for Sale by C, the-- PEOVO WOOLEN MILLS, OM Conatltatlou Bnlldlon aJeo HOME MADE Brown Tarns, White Yarns, Colored Yarns, Caselmers, Tweeds, Blankets, flannels, Shawls, Linseji, Jeans, Cotton Battlnf , Wool -- Battlni, Brocms, Washboards, Brushes, Etc., Etc. piiatt. F. AUERBACH & BRO. -- HAVE- TO TIEIB HEW BEMQVED ST08E, ; U 124 & 126 CALL AND EXAMINE tST Spring nnd Summer Goods. NOTES AND NEWS.: - ;ST 223 - N- THE TEMPLES OF THE LORD. The Temples now being .built to the Lord, will bo . dedicated to him for his work to be performed in, and will stand as monuments in time and all eternity, showing forth a tangible kingdom to be established in the last days upon the earth. Although unfinished they stand forth in grand relief in our mountain vales, and no Latter-da- y Saint can look upon these gigantic edifices without peculiar feelings of awe, and sublimity, and as ;wc read the word3 of Solomon, when he built a house to the Lord, he felt his weakness,so great was the magnitude of the work for so great an end. Said Soloman "But will God in very deed dwell with men on the earth?" Behold heaven and the heaven of heavens cannot contain thee: how much less this house which I have built T Solomon offered up a most efficient prayer for the people ; of the Lord, and the Lord Solo to appeared v . counted us worthy to build temples tojiis holy name, wherein we can attend to the redemption of our dead; open the prison doors and let the ;v' captive free. "BeholoVI wUPje " shall prepare the way before me, and the Lord, whom ye seek, shall suddenly come to his Tern-pl- e even the messenger of the covenant, whom ye delight inrhe shall come, with the Lord of hosts." But who may abide the day of hi3 coining? Malachi chapter iii: And I will come near to you to judgment, and I will be a ITswilrwifhess against the sorcress and against the adulteress, and against false swearers,, and against thos.e who oppress the , hireling in his wages, the widow, and the fatherless, arid that turn aside the stranger from hi3 right, and fear not me; saith the Lord of hosts Also oih and 6th verses last chapter, "Behold I will send you Elijah the prophet before the coming of the great, and dreadful day of the Lord." 'A And he shall turn the hearts of the fathers to the children, and the heart3 of the children to their fathers, lest I come and smite the earth "with a curse." Many prayers were heard and, answered in the Temple at Jerusalem. Zacharias was promised a child the forerunner of Christ. Han-na- h was blessed by the high priest Eli, in the house of the Lord, and had a son. Samuel who was a mighty prophet wa3 raised up in that house. The Latter-da- y Saint3 have also been blessed in the temples that have been built, and many thin made known by vision, revelation, and the pure and the holy Spiritof the Lord, has been poured out in great abund-- , ance. v ... "What a great satisfaction it will be to those who give their mite toward the great and noble work, the building of the temples of the Lord in the last days, to bring about God's purposes for the winding up scene. iJEMeri-Iiymaii-fflad- . n nn irmi & boJmrajOjLmJtaAmEM 2d tiouth Street, let. 6th nd nTrd, - holvtempies .withlesirhandsrndpureearts and rejoice in the God of Israel, who has ac-- . Hinckley of Millard Stake, Elders Wm. Robinson of Fillmore, and Hon. Edward Dalton of e somein ter- Iron Qojin tf r esting remarks, alter tne laaies naa nmsnea r SDeakincr. Conference adiourned tor six i mri A OFFICE IN OODIIE, P11T3 & GO'S BUILDINO. Office usl - n Alt . AND DISEASES OF WOMEN. TelephonkCQiamuQkatlon between OHco n4Eeitlefice to the prayer that is made in this place," 11 Chronicles chapv vii. One Temple was sufScient:!. ; :: m&itaisstsas3 itl find-- verbal, if - f srorth 1 an prom-"jagdjajojom- ; - kttn,V-- Sophie May has a new book for girl in " The title is, "The Odd One," preparation The Athol Transcrpit publishes a long list of in that town. Of the four highest taxpayers, one is a woman. The Tran script is willipg women should be taxed,but not willing they should have any voice in the use or amount of the tax. The sending of medical womenfrom England toTndia is likely to be an established The Indian women are averse to treatment by physicians not of their own sev. The statistics of the British medical service in India show that the women have rarely availed themselvesof prescriptions or attendance. AL staff of trained women is proposed-- " 113 a part otthe public service in India, a and not subordinate existing medical bureau. Ex. tax-paye- rs DAVID JAMBS, TINNER, CAS WATER & STEAM FITTER, for RUMSETS celebrated LIFT and FOECB IAgentPumps PUMPS. Repaired on short notloo. N Orders fron : the country promptlj responded ta Addrtss, David Jama, Box 308, Salt Lake City. tsr H. DINWOODEY, - WHOLSftAUl ASO BXTilZt DZA1X& IS cus-tor- n. FU EN I TIT RE, SPJII5 BEDS. BIHE HITTIE5SES FE1IEEBS Kill WW , to-th- e --AJr- 75, 77, . 79, First South Street, SALT LAKE CITY & 