W'O j?N SEX P 6 N E N t7 'At fined her to her room anal bed for more than two 'years and a half during all which she manifee ted the faith and patience' which1 are the fruit of an IK'MEMORIAM. .. M JVIn-en- t, Died at the reeidance of her Panacea Nevada, Boslna widow of the late James Trcgeagle of New Zealand" Deceased was in her 50th year, W a native of England where We embraced the Goipel many years ago'.' 'Mrs pre vloa g Trea jrie was aWreat su fferer for years incurable to her death, being affiled Kh an cancer c X tumdr. She was gentle, refined ana Saint and one who had patlena true tatter-daroade; great pacrijces for the fake of her religion. She d"ed, Intb hope.: of a glorious TesurrecUon. son-Jn-law- P tendhave assisted in Introducing and sustaining In our midst, the most demoralizing Institutions . ; known In the world. - rn i .y.vt-.'inabiding hope. When but a few days before ber death her husband enquired how she felt about his going with 'others of the Apostles and Presidency on a short mission to the Southern part of theTTerritory ? BbTe replied, go Franklin and do 'your duly ail And moreoverj'we, your petitioner hereby testify that we are happy in our homes, and satisfied with our marriage relations," and desire no change. n We aro not the "oppressed and wo. men" we are represented to be, but enjoy more rights and freedom than women elsewhere In the nation, and we dp know that onr institutions are of such a nature as tend to purity of morals and of character "And we most solemnly aver before God and man, that our marital relations aro most aacred, that they are divine; enjoining obliga-iion- s rnd ties that, pertain to time and reach into eternity. Were it not for the sacred and religions : character of the institution of plnrl marriage, we should never have entered upon the practice oif a principhi which is contrary to our early teachings, and 'in consequence of which our namesaroejLS; r out as evil, by the Christian world. Therefore, we most respectfully, appeal to your -- honorable body to forbear hasty and Mcklesaaetion In regard to so Important a matter as the polltlca disorganization of the most prosperous and flourishing Territorv of which the nation can boast; and .before proceeding to radical changes,' to do 'your- selves the justice to Investigate, by a commission of-- honett nd intelligent men and women; the true condition of the "Mormon" people of TJtahTerritory, Arid your petitioners, as In duty bound, will ever : V'- " wtfl down-trodde- v-- weliyithinei 7' , eie-vati- pjih as ever been an obedient dutiful child, a y faithful and affectionate wife, a; Roving and indulgent mother and an exemplajgr confiding Xatter-da- y Saint.. May her rest be glorious un-the. resurrection of the Justvwhen they shall come again to earth and bring their glory with ' them. Com?- - .h At the time of Sfste .Bhoda Blcbards death Elder UVDi Bichards was away upon a mission, ' ary.tonr in the-- : southern part of ihe Territory and where the telegraph could not reach him. Hfe wife Bhoda had been so lbngnrtbatTthere teemed tib Immediate danger when he left Otherwise he would certainly havejemalned at home; but he was absent doing hj Masters work and she knew it, and was satis fled to have It sc. , Ul Marion Kirstlhla Jenspn Weibye born ' Apjfil -the 0th 1827"tn qrinjstrap, Marlbo, TollandDen-war- k died Febuary the 14th In 1882 of disease of the bowels. She was baptised In 1888 and came to Utehjn " : :6th6nyfar.,4,;,.,,.;i,t She has been a' 'faithful Teacher jn the belief Bocjety of anti for many years always fin band . ta perform every duty for th intereof the So- ciety and tn'ldnom aa.ffllctioiiW. of God, and through lias gone to Her. reward. : Peace,to hex ashos.w Beeeooa Wabejiam.' Jan. 21st Dfed in Tooele "City, 1882 of general debiiij;yratrtda Bates daughter, of James and Tina Beeves Jand, .wife, of the late Ormus - J!. ' We publish below a copy of the Memorial to Congress from the women of Utah, and alpo one fromtheyoUrtg tadies, that are being circulated throughout all the Stakes of ZIon for signatures. - They are an' embodiment of the sentiments 4beld' rby the women7 o( tJtdh in relation to Ihe ficitement arouped against this y Ann Tate, Cor. , ; - . Z--4 - - s ;, ad -- - y " 'l, J " - - ' , ' . ? ! . -- : . ;On March 6th 1857 sh:e ' became thi wlfe Of Apostle F. D. BIchards,located with other mem bers of her family fn Farmlngton; andther Has borne three' sons and a daughter.- 'Hy rura v and Ira have departed1 Ezra' and Sarah remain to mourn her loss. LlL" r t j Sister Bhoda Bichards, won the Jove andea teem of those who knew her by her dutiful and consistent life as a iFalnt ;v, doctrine . obpyed of jthe Church., that- - was required of her and lived In , dutiful conformity I therewith.; She taught .ber' children ; the prlndplef of tho GoVpelandbad the great satisfaction to see them walk in the ways of the Lord while they i"v;d, ? aud three who sWp to depart in the faith. The iiipesfl which trnniuatai. her -- earthly-career at 10, o'clock . m. N6v. l0, lS82 waa of a protracird and lerlous character r7Mcbnaa oca" ar . . - llt.day She accepted and, . every To the TTori&raUe the Senate apd JTotise of Repre- entatfvesfn OonffreM Assembled: pr - " . . e Sey., ;y ; God-fearin- ; Davis County. , . "Whereas Certain bills are, now pending before your honorable body, which , if passed, will break up happy homes and .families and prodnee unsold mierv, sorrow and sufferlnqr; will deprive us of peopje, an d tho action of; Congress prethe kind, fostering care of honorable, upright, .: ;" mises::'' fathers, and drive forth our.preclou, loving To the Honorable tha Senate and Hmse of Bepre mothers as outcasts; as those who have no right to ..:r cnn oppraDTram the Konoted name of Wio,anf ,.r. teiUatives in Qoygress Atsemlledz as ns of :and,; illegitimate; upon many Wp the womeA of Utah, view with deepest regret Whereas,-Thg passaj?e of such bills Would dein'CoBgresjrdur-inbills have that the beti presented prive our fathers, mothers and brothers (and ourthe present session, asking for special legisla-tion.selves, whenl properly qualified) of (he right of wt Territory; whiehf carried into effect, franchise, and, in fact, of all the rights of Ameriwill; destroy: the peace tranquility and prosperity can citizens; 'debarring .us of the free exercise of which !.have here.tofore characterized our dearly onr holyirellgion, which Is dearer to ns than life loved homes. ,TJTeTfwere driven to these mountain Itself; and would be contrary fo the spirit of the vales by the , cruel hand .of persecutloni whlieort glorious Constitution of our country, which we . our Journey as. .putcasts and, exiles, our sons, h have, ever beert taueht to revere as an inspiration . fathers were called upon by the nation from Almighty God: for we have been taught, and to battle for American rule in this country, then a conscientiously believe that plural marriage. Is as portion of Mex(c9,; and, after struggling through much a part of onr religionas are faith, repentance privation and hardship, such as men, women and ' : ".. '. :. and sefdom children, have baptism; and, ; ' endured, your petitioners,. Of them 5escendantsVf- the Pilgrims, of New Whereas, In our opinion, the canse of the introof. such bills has been tbe'falso represonta-Ho- n duction Epglahd, wjth' elr fafrg, husbands, brothers of evindisposed persons, who: assert we are . and BQn9v round a. barren desert, inhablted.oniy by la-low, ignorant degraded and disloyal; and, feeling savage yndlaris 'an wild beasts; here we have born Mured thatiiad .your honorable body been iruth-fnlly.and endurance bored ih thecouraffe only vised In regard to the. people of this Terriof religUius fallh, In helping to esjbiisHh6mes for onrselves'and'onr children, and have made it easy tory, such bflls would never, have obtained a hearing In, the Congrfss.of this mighty nation,-for thos "coming at a later period, wh found these Now, therefore, wet the young ladles , of Utah valleys blooming with beauty, arid teemingwlth'-plentto enjovall the blessings which pfertaln to Territory do most solemnly and truthfully declare :'v"--jXnlife-an-d that neither we nor our mothers are held In bond-- " i happiness. ; ' ; r ' ' en we age; but that foy the greatest possible- free- - ; we'most respectfully represent toyour hoti dom foclally and religiopslv; that: our homef are," orable bbdy,ihat 4he bills aforesaid, now pending happy ones, and we are neither low nor degraded: I la the Congress of the United States,' are. further for the. principles of parity, vlrtne, lategrity and calculated to destroy'our birthright of liberty, the loyalty; to the government of the. tTJiiited States glorious heritage bequeathed by our noble ancestors. have been Instilled Into our minds and hearts since And fartherm'dre, we are well r a ware, that the ' r"'' ' our earliest childhood. ' i, present excitement In the nation is the result of Ik- to we what can and thatrlhe learn from aim of. read, According norauoe andtnlsrepresentatlon, and In sources; in no the Is .femald other world homes of our us place rob hardrned our enemies isjto and virtue more with Jealous care " guarded chastity and to plunder thd pnblic treasury. These schemes than by our people; for we have been taught and ,' . have been concocted hy sectarian priests 'and politl-- 4 do understand that this Is our greatest boon; far al tools women who are' the demagognesrand, by, above Jewels or wealthand more proctous than of wieked and designing men, both men and women Ufa Itself; and we therefore most respecfnllyme-- t In unscrupulous In their enmity, and mendacious moriailze' your honorahte body to suspend further their staternfints, lthonc:h they have homes and: action on all bills relating to Utah, and send a com- ; iouses of worship In 5TTUh Territory, comprising mission of honorable. Intelligent and unprejudiced -nearly all religious denominations,, and -- are pro-I men, and wpm?n to Inquire Into, and learn the true i tected Ihair elr.righ;;' c4Uzens, and,as rell state of affairs In this Territory; giotis' worshiper without" the least intrusion or thiAnd ai in daty bound, your memorialist J will, -. molestation, and who, Instead of reforming moral of tho community as they pcrfidlotuly pre. y er pray. on in-th- e Sister Bhode H, Foss Bichards, daughter of Calvin Foss and Sarah B. Cartef.was born April 19,1830,in the town of Saco In the State of Maine, was baptized Into the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-daSaints . by Brest. Wllford Woodruff in the Autumn of 1844, and gathered with ber mother brother and sisters to Salt Xak City In the year 1850. On the 30 of November 1851 she was married to the- late President iWillard Bichards and by him became the mother-c-"alyl- n W, Bichards who married Emma LT Walker a of Patriarch- Hyruni Smith and is a respected citizen residing at Farmlngton In grand-daught- . MMQBIALS TO CONGBE3S. Bates; decased. was bom Boch ester, New "York .April 11th 1827, was baptized into the Church'of .Jesus Christ of Jitter-daSaints in the year 3843, emagratgd'to Utah 1851, and lived in Tooele county until ber death; she was an exemplary and faithful adhef ant to all the principles of the Everlasting Gospel and died full In the1 faith. She leaves one eon 'and three daughters "and a large circle of relatives and friends' to mourn ber departure; she was also a Teacher in, the Belief Society which position she honorably filled till her death. She wa followed to the Meeting House by her1 Belatlves ' and the Officers and members of the Belief Society, where comforting and consoHnVremarks were made by Patriarch John Bowbery, and Pres.Gowapswben the large cortege followed her to the cemetery and her remains were consigned to her last resiling place to await the. resurrection of the Just. - " and-ordinanc-e T -- v-- : -- -'- . . 1 ; ; V 