' troduced in tho teachings of the church; and " J that it3 introduction wa3, a shameless trick of wicked men, who were obliged to find art ex cuse to cover up their crimes, He must be blind not, to spe that, his own condemned him, not only 23 an Untongue-liainspired leader, but an unprincipled enemy own father's house. For he. says, "In 1855 he began a crusado on his own hook, and in 1860, wben he entered public life it. was with to oppose polygamy" the neither do I believe that you dome; therefore I will keep my bad feelings to myself, as much as "possible, 'arid tell you "the good. lean say with propriety that the most of my time I feci.'7 IUl auit. x iujii,6 wiui ft tuauMiu scenes we are called to p'asa through are calcu- - . luted to wean iis from the world, and prepare us for a better one. My desire is to live while T: our can be a comfort to you and to bring-uchildren for I don't know of a person on earth that should be willing to leave them with. Brother Joseph felt it very keenly when he : mi: 1 1 A 11 L.Li U ul: - VMllim T V. . ! s t-- to-hi- s p I -- thought Jus wifew.Quidaol . lim-lQhJearj- l will- Brother Joseph Kin srsburv has buried hi3 She was confined yesterday. She uife and child died within half an hour of each y. . other. . "I must tell vou a little of the prosperity in Qumcy. - Skier Pinkhain came up to fetch Br Arloma sivs ihora wnn a errant turn ant in Quincy to hear, him preach. The court house ninnnpprfl - Hp.-tra nitof? in nvrflmvinfr lieving; , said she expected, that Mr. Hey wood would be baptized when' they returned, and Vi o AiA tint. 1'n nw hut TCim- liii hrnt.lipr-inln.I must leave room ball, would also. for Sister 3. to write you a few lines. what I should "I asked littla David turn said home see me. 'Tell tell Pa; Pat he, my r i i - . . . " t WUC mi.cT . Wt-- . "Vilate Kimball." ,1. listened to your counsel hitherto I have been hope that I shall; ever prospered, therefore adhere to it strictly in future. "Your kind letter was joyfully received. T I -never read it but I receive some comfort and feel strengthened, and I thank you for it. You may depend upon my moving as soon as the house is ready. I feel anxious as I perceive my m&rmities increasing daily. Your request with regard to Sister Kimball I will attend to. Nothing gives me more pleasure than to add to the happiness of my friends; I only wish that I had more ability to do so. I amvery glad wo J are likely to see you so soon, and pray that nothing may occur to disappoint us. When you request Vilate to meet you, perhaps you forget that I shall then stand in ieopardy every hour, and would not have her abbwt for worlds. My mind is fixed and I am rather particular, uuk fuu, iui )uur couuuxl, x will suumlt. " "I am as ever." will be seen the few lines written in It by connection with my mother's letter that Sarah Peeke Noon, who the Lord comm anded through . Lis Prophet Joseph, that my father should take ; - ' " meeting, lately held in Chicago, a city noted for its crimes, and the deepest dens o't infamy and; corruption, the description, which tos lately given by a Rev. in that city, is so soul sickening that it may well be called the Sodom of the west-whi- ch is rinenin po f:Kf that it may soon be wrapped again in another oensuming fire) declared that it was not until 1852 that polygamy was attempted to be in-- " -- . " ' e. v " velllreal pearly drops of morning dew on leaf and flower and blade of .grass, the charming atmos phere at sunrise, the rich delightful sunsets, the evening twilight, the starlit nights, the mellow, healing moonlight all these are associ- - " . Hie early lilies, bright ated'with and beautiful, always reminding us of the Savior's words "they toil not, neither do' they spin" beautiful words which lead us to "Consider." "In the lilacs the sing and sway tn tho light boughs and swallows. dart hither and thither, and 0 how delightfully the music mingles with the happy thoughts of lilac-time- blue-bird- s - le-r- foul-mout- To he continued. youth and maiden. Then too the . . apple-orchard- bloom, and s daintily the pink and. white perfumed leaves bestrew the ground. The birds are building their nests and singing pretty songs to woo their mates meantime, and thus it is that lilac- time and the pale symbolize the - apple-bloo- love-makin- - and g. - m, To linger in the orchard sweet fragrance in the open .air,, while the happy birds keep merry time to the music of fond hearts, is to partake niost us .freely at nature's banquet. It is good for to commune thus with nature's heart, to culu- driukjnthe -- E. - Fanciful as it may seem to practical people, who affect to ignore sentiment in iti relation tn -- n" lacbush oft holds many a precious secret silently. "How pleasant to recall the sweet remembrances that linger found the lilacs that bloomed in the dear old garden -- and oor-yard of our -- 1 early, liappy and all these have their come with lilac-tim- e place in the affections and mingle freely with extelnal objects. All have their associations and call up particular incidents, persons, or friendships each one having its own peculiar music which finds its echo reverberating thro the brain and the sight J of one of these -- strikes the chord or touches the note which wakens "responding symphony in the souland a long train of half remembered indistinct thoughts struggle for recognition in words. .Springtime and beauty of wood, of 'field, of grove and glen, songs of birds, hum of lees, and e'en the melancholy dance of butter-flies- , ncroakirigof the melancholy frogsthe jocundand sparkling brooks, the cerulean sky; these The wood violets are synonyms of lilac-timwo call wild, little, pale delicate emblems of How innocence, abound at this season. often have I gathered them in my woodland rambles7and how grateful was their exquisite fragrance! How tenderly they appealed to the finer.elements of my nature as I wreathed them witlHhe soft, fresh, green vines, and my own love of the fantastic and w eird grew more and more apparent as I listened with keenest zest t the sounds of forest music. Only "those" who know," can appreciate the feeling thati come3 to the soul awake to all the fancies, as . subduing our- wills and the pride of our. hearts is the deepest and hardest lesson that mortals nave to n. If Joseph. S mi ' was inJ possession of the true faith and Gospel -- of Christ,-suc- h as his iiither enjoyed, he. would now be treading in his footsteps; being hated of all men, and suffering persecution for righteousness sake, instead of being where he is and lowering himself by joining in the hue and cry of the low, h d hypocrites who contemptible and, cair scacely say that which is mean enough against his martyred father, andjiis most true and humble followers LILAC-TIM- true-love- 's rt 4Tliis prayer pray: Lord God!. Ihy. will bo dODe; TJiy holy will, bow'cr it cross my own, Ilard lalor this for flesh and blood." - SOUVENIRS OF d - heart-shape- d avowed determination, wnich he declares he did, how could he expect to obtain any proofs either one way or the other? h or the Lord requires of his children honesty and sincerity of heart arid purpose, in which selfishness must have no place, and - early as 1 842. J oseph Smith, ,who professes to be Ms father's successor, has (in an sweet-scente- -d- h " - anti-"Mor-mo- Th"manrlH)ever4ieva3, de-vi- ne ut " . His-so- The family that my mother mentions where had lately come then from England watched I and were all laying sick in a house at the steam boat landing. Katherine Walker, who was living with JSmma Smith, JDiantha Farr and myself sat up together. Joseph and his . family attended to them, and provided medi cines, watchers and whatever was needful, and thi was only one"case--oof many where he Samaritan." actedsX the i"crood . . n ,t n i i : tt a wne, n iierc is wnac my latner &aran, wrote on the samesheet, though her name she" withheld because of the perilous times. T 1. Tv, . on-night- and death, for the sake of" tion, ' the imprisonment religion which his son Joseph, under the inspiration of the Lvii one, ha3 deniell, and is now himself with the worst enmies of his father to destroy the work for which he had to suffer so much and at last lay down his life. declared thjit although hX bad been accused of being an apostate, he had always been true to the faith taught by his father; and "I have eagerly sought for a proof of the inspiration of polygamy, but can not find it, and believe the doctrine to be infamous, root and branch." Here he contradicts himself, which is only another proof of hi3 infidelity and lack of inspiration, and wisdom from on high. He was hardly old enough when his father was killed to know or understand what his faith consisted L Kir. . -- y, rrrrn nnw nui vri.i U.l. l JJJk. nirriir J UlUb) ever your affectionate wife; independent of revelation irom I w to-da- - who told:Elder-JoscpSmith that if an angel were to come down froni heaven and tell him polygamy was ho would not believe the angel, was just as much of an impostor as the Prophet's son, wlio made the following reply, "I would believe, but I would tell the angel to go to some one else, for would not preach the doctrine." """.A poor captain and soldier of the cross he would make to stand as hisfather's representative ' to carry put the purposes of the Almighty, for which the Prophet was willing to suffer with his people, and endure every kind of persecu-- eriT to-da- evermore. God eyer went to work on . Now vhat mai o his oim hook,or even" thought to set up" his own - what will become of my poor child FaLd he, J 'avowed-determinatio- the past, that thrill me through and through like electricity. The lilacs with their handsome foliage,great, "dark, green, leaves. Artistic shrubbery that .forma many a phaflypatkway-ronn- d the homes ' of the people; within ! whose shadow man ya love- - tale has been told and troth plight! ! the very name is musically poetical. Love V .rn ' have been hidden away from'curiouTey .? .aid the luxuriant branches, 4o wait the comiug of to read his the ardent sweet-hea--words by starlight. And, if I may tell, it the li- - the wonderful, nevertheless I have the courage to declaremyseir a devoted admirer, not only-o- f the beautiful aud fantasticbut of the weird in nature. It is a part of niy composition, and perhaps ram not altogether answerable if it is not strictly "proper."; Lilacs are one of my especial weaknesses, for "they are associated with the earliest recollections of my child-lif- e and school-gir- l history. I never see a lilac -- but it calls tender memories connected withup ' - . vate in our souls an intensity of affection .for the artistic works" of a divine being, and bemore through come mhiarcdntc our high appreciation, not only of his love for us, but all that he has caused to be for our joy and delectation. Communion with the mys- terious in what is termed the vegetable kmgdom, exalts one's nature by very contact, ana, indeed,when one speaks of heaven, or paradise it is always as the place of immortal flowers, and is associated in the mind as artistically perfect in all its characteristics. V -- Auyr Ei. ; -- 