WOMAN'S EXPONENT. training up our children in the fear and admonition of the Lord, and if we neglect upon us in WOMAN'S SUFFRAGE CONVENETION, ,s this duty, the Lord will surely hold us accountable. Urged upon the mothers to teach their children the importance of seeking unto the Lord for a testimony concerning the truth of this work and the prophetic mission of Joseph Smith. We must he charitable with each weaknesses. other, and bear with one another's Gave much valuable instruction in relation to the principle of polygamy, and advised all never to fight, against this sacred ordinance. Sisters, never influence your daughters against ' this. If we live our religion properly, there trouble in our famil:e. will never be We should never interfere with one another's family relations, because it invariably brings strife and discord. lUther be peacemakers, for "blessed are the peacemakers for they shall see God." Cultivate our minds, and we will find it to our advantage both in this world and in that to come. Imparted much valuable instruction to the teachers of Relief Societies, and acquainted them with their duties. Showed how the sisters might gain the blessings of God, and closed by invoking the blessings of God upon all present. President Collins felt thankful to God that He had given her strength to be in the midst of the people. If we do not do our duties to God and men, we cannot expect to gain those blessings that they enjoy who live with an eye single before God. 'President Wm. Budge said he had listened the reports that had been read with great interest, as also the. instructions of the sisters. Felt grateful to theCoM at there were sisters among us who labored so incessantly for the good of their fellows; knew their labors would meet with good results. Trusted they would continue in well doing. In traveling around the Stake he was glad to see tho pro There are few among us (Tr(.w of iw people. who will not lend the helping hand when it is needed; all seeming to meet the obligations the Lord is bringing upon us from time to time. We must depend upon the Lord in the fulfilment of our duties, and not upon the "arm of flesh," for God has forbidden this, and in doing so we have no claim upon his blessings. We cannot reasonably expect to enter heaven How could we turn from without evil ways and live near to God, without some or sacrifice. Our interests are so combined, that we cannot do good to others, Duties have without benefitting ourselves. sometimes feel been imposed upon us which we to shrink from; but through our covenants to God, we realize it is right to discharge every responsibility placed upon us by our Heavenly Father. Hoped the mothers would call their children around them at night and instruct them in the things of God, teaching them as the Holy Spirit directs. The brethren also with their boys. Dwelt upon the duties of parents, and trusted all would realize their positions before God. Concluded by exhorting all to faithfulness, and invoking the blessings of Almighty God. President Lindsay announced that owing to Sister Emeline Rich, Treasurer to this Stake, moving to Proyo, it would be necessary to appoint another in hef place; Sister Margaret Stucki was nominated by the unanimous vote of the Conference to that position, who was then set apart by Prest. Wm. Budge. Conference adjourned tine die. Singing, "The Earth is the Lord's." Benediction by President Hart. Elizabeth Ptjgmire, Secretary. X Budge, Assistant Secretary. to self-denia- self-denia- l. l, , The Boston Woman's Journal has published "Wild Flowers of Deseret, two poems from with comments, STATE OF NEW YORK. Editor Woman's Exponent: I had the great pleasure, in company with Sisters Zina D. II. Young and Dr. Ellen B. Ferguson, of attending "the Woman's Suffrage Convention for the State of New York, held Feb. 2 and 3, in Chickering Hall, corner of 18th St. and Fifth Avenue. It is a magnificent Hall, worthy of the' cause prom ulgated within its walls, and-thpaying of one hundred dollars a day for its occupation for two (lays, shows the high estimation of the work in hand, and also the praiseworthy executive ability of the graceful queen of wit and fable, Mrs. LHlie Devereux Blake, the present President of the New York Association. I did nbt attend the reception given in the Stuyvesant Hotel, which I am informed was a e brilliant affair. The morning of the second day (I did not attend the first) was occupied principally in hearing reports from the different counties, mostly represented by Mrs. Blake herself. The afternoon was occupied by Mr. Wilcox, Mrs. Slocum, Mrs. Joslyu Gage and a witty German lady from Albany, and representative of that branch of the work. Her speech was full of good, common-sens- e hits, and reminded me much of our dear, sweet Camilla Cobb at home. Mr. Wilcox is truly woman's champion, and the woman must be truly proud and happy (the sole interpretation of the word Marriage) who calls him husband; and the cause will, in the hour of its success, owe much to his untiring efforts. May he live to realize his sanguine hopes, and wear the laurels which will be undisputably his due. Mrs. Slocum's interesting speech was imbued throughout with the earnest pathos and eloquence born of full eonviction of tho truthful d ness and blessings to humanity, that would spring from the accomplishment of the enfranchisement of women. Her placid and peaceful face shone with her good will to all women, and her beautiful, silvery hair was tenderly suggestive of the long time she had labored for the good of her sisters. We have reason to love those veterans, one and all. She touched as did every woman speaker, upon the mother question of right to the If possession of children. Shades of Nero there is one thing in which a woman (a good one of course) feels secure in, and of which well-grounde- d, deep-roote- soul-thrillin- g ! she thinks no one has a shadow of a right to dispute her supremacy, it is her possession of the children of her bosom. Our sacred Guide Book tells us we are rewarded accdrding to our works, and what other reward could even be suggested to a mother's heart than that of possession" of her children? If only the one argument of capacity was considered, magnanim- ity could render but one verdict, Give them to her. Were all men model husbands (and the sad truth is that scarcely the majority are) these vexed questions would never have arisen. Not that I wish to be understood that women are never in fault, I am far from being so ultra as that, but we know that evils are and were meant to be that we may be able to appreciate heaven by comparison; and the sole struggle is how to so adjust rights and privileges that every one may .enjoy some approach at least to justice. Mrs. Joslyn Gage, with her snowy crown of woman's glory, must be heard to be appreciated. Her wealth of scholarly lore is a beacon light to all women of her age, and to those coming after her, encouraging them to press onward in cultivating the germs of intelligence given of God liberally to daughters as well as "sons. If I did not misunderstand her (and I d herself just once, hope I did), she over-reache- 143 by making the assertion "that if all things were fair play, woman was man's superior. I regard this as one step beyond.the one desirable end of equality. For woman to assert herself as the superior would be reversing the strict organization of God Himself upon the earth, as taught us in Holy Writ, and also evidenced by facts as they stand in Nature, unalterable either by the feeble voice of man or woman. Man, by his superior physique and mental force, was from the beginning placed at the head, notwithstanding the man with the largest brain on record (70 ounces) was an inmate of an insane asylum. This only proves that too much of a god thing is good for nothing, and that too much brain, like "toomueh knowledge, may 'make a man mad, and'perhaps if every woman had as much brain as the best man, they might all go mad; at least, I fear some men would with jealousy; for as a general thing they are exceedingly" ''tender" of their supremacy. Tho law of equal right now demanded by women cannot cause any mental pertubation or disturbance in the noble and true man, for he is invariably liberal and even solicits that women be given every opportunity of improving and er has making use-o- f every talent given her, and in the almost unconscious enjoyment of superiority, he is not forever green with jealousy, as the man is who is writhing under the humiliating consciousness of his own inferiority. It is no part of the ambition of any true woman born, to launch ahead, and, looking back over her shoulder, say, ."Come on, husband, and step lively, lest I lose you." So that equal rights are only as a compensating checkmate for bad men, and are in no wise to infringe ipon the good. After the afternoon session I had the pleasure of an introduction to Miss Anthony, and a second one to the noble Mrs. Gage, having been presented to her previously at the reception held in the Woman's Pavilion during tho Centennial Exposition. Phila. regard mem and both as women of pleasing impressive presence. her-Fath- r To be continued. SURPRISE PARTY. On 'tuesday, the 7th inst, the good sisters of the Plain City Relief Society, accompanied by tho Brass Band, repaired to the residence of Sister Elmira Raymond, and gave her a complete surprise. Sister Raymond has faithfully performed the duties of President of the R. S. since its first organization in this place. After partaking of picnic, which the sisters .took along, they spent an agreeable time, the band furnjshing its quoto with excellent music. Before partaking of picnic, Sister Raymond was presented with a beautiful album and a pair of vases; after which some very pretty verse3 were read by Sister Polly Ann Richardson. Our Relief Society is in good condition; the wants of the-- poor are well supplied. Susannah Robinson. NOTES AND NEWS. The Woman's Silk Culture Association has held. its first exhibition in Philadelphia. Mrs. Ednah D. Cheney has written a chapter on "The Women of Boston," in Mr. Win sor's Memorial History of Boston. -- .Mrs. MafcyJS. Haggart, of Indianapolis, on Tuesday, the 25th of January, addressed the Kentucky Legislature on the rights of women. The same day a. bill was introduced to give property rights, and rights to children and to women in a degree never known in Kentucky before. u ' : 