WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Bro. Hicken, said, "The Lord will take care of His Saints and it is our business to be saints in deed and truth, and no harm will come to his people; urged the sisters to be faithful. Blessed the Relief Societies with the spirit of union and peace to comfort the sick and to labor in lore. Bro. Rasband also gave good counsel said the Relief Societies were a great help to the Bishops. Sister Brdwn made a few closing remarks ielt happy to have the privilConege of assembling with the sisters at our ference, we will be blessed if we are faithful in all our duties. Conference adjourned until May 1882. Benediction by John Jordan. Mary Beqnson, See'y, Avis. M. Bronson, Asst. A meeting of the First Ward Primary As- sociation of Spring vil e was held February 18, 1882, and had a surprise dinner for the little folks. The tables were well filled with delicacies. Seventy-fiv- e persons partook of the repast, nearly all of whom were children belonging to the Association. After dinner we had a chapter from the book "Bible Questions," and songs, recitations and our manuscript paper. The Bishop, Bro. Kelsey, Bro. Whitehead and Sister Harrisoa addressed the children; said they were well pleased with all they had .seen and heard. The Bishop said he felt as if he was in heaven, among the dear little ones. Sister Bringhurst was present, but business called her away. Brother Coray, om Provo, was also present. Benediction by Jesse Groesbeck, son of N. W. Groesbeck, who is now on a mission to New Zealand. The offiicers of the Association are: Mary Crandall, President; Elizabeth Whiting and Lebina Alleman, Counselors; Melissa Johnson, Secretary. I Marriotts. The Primary Association convened at the schoolhouse Jan. 24, 1882, at 11 a. m. Opened with the usual exercises. There were present visitors from Lynn and Slaterville, also Sisters Stanford and Rudd, from Ogden City, who are well known to be faithful laborers in the interests of the P. A, in Weber Co. The Conference was a very interesting one, the little ones speaking their pieces and singing their After the songs in a very creditable manner. exercises were over, the sisters from Ogden addressed the children in a very appropriate manner, encouraging them to persevere and listen, and to put in practice the instructions they received, and they would yet obtain renown in the Kingdom of God; said there had been something good in all the pieces that had been spoken, and they felt to bless the children, for they felt interested in their welfare. Bishop Ritohie then spoke briefly to them; thought they had done well, and wanted them to continue to improve and not despair if at first they did not succeed. Related an anec-dot- e of a little boy in a P. A. Conference; in speaking his piece, a portion of it went from his mind; the children commenced to laugh, but he stood undaunted, and it came back to him again, and he went through nobly. Told them never to laugh, if one broke down, but to help one another and be good, for they were to grow up to bear off the kingdom. Others spoke of the improvement they were making. The children then8 sang, "I'll be a little Mormon." The Conference was adjourned for three months. Benediction by Oscar Madsen. There were sixty presents given, and the children were dismissed, while the visitors repaired to the house of the President, Sister E. Marriott, where a sumptuous repast was in waiting, and after partaking freely of the luxuries the table afforded, and spending a short time itt agreeable and social conversation, all dispersed well satisfied with a day well spent. Ellen M. Marriott, Ass't Sec'y. , IIARBISVILLE. Minutes (taken by one of the girls of the Primary Association) of a pic-ni- c party held in the West School House Harrisville Weber Co, Jan. 28 1882, commencing at 10 o'clock A. M. partv called to order byj?resident Harriett Day bell, prayer by W. C. Rawson, (First Counselor to the Bishop) then a song by four little girls "Go and seek the little wanderers" then fifteen recitations and four songs; a few games then candy was passed around to the children. Recess for half an hour after which we had a song by a little girl and then a dialogue by four boys and five girls; 'The Youn Missionary" from the Juvenile Instructer, then 17 recitations and seven songs by boys and girls; then a song from little Jesse Brown (not yet 3 years old) after which we had a good scramble on the floor after .candy; order again restored, a song was sung by all the Primary "Let us all be good and kind" ve had a few more games and then some very good instructions from W. C. Rawson, Robert Wilson and Thomas White. Our exercises closed With Benediction by Elder Thomas Brown, Officers: Harriett Daybell, President; Mary A. Brown, and Dorathy M. Larkens Counselors; riett It. Randall Secretary. Har- SCENES AND INCIDENTS IN NAUVOO BY HELEN MAE WHITNEY. There are on doubt hundreds still living who heard the Prophet relate the circumstance mentioned in my mother's letter of one of the old Nephites visiting England, Ireland and Scot-- ; land, and they can bear their testimony to the fulfilment of Joseph's predictions oi that day, as well as all the rest up to the present time. In another of my mother's letters! speaking of the signs of the last days which were seen in various parts of the world she mentions the following incident, which was seen by different; parties in Nauvoo, and by my request brother Joseph Kingsbur, a man widely known and respected for his truth and honesty, wrote the following account which I here give verbatim.' "In the Spring of 1840 about eight o'clock in the morning Mrs. Rhoda Whitney Sister-in-lato BishopN. K. Whitney and her brother John Ballard, my wife Caroline Whitney and myself were crossing the Mississippi river from Mont rose to Nauvoo when we saw the following strange spectacle. When we had got about one third of the way across the river we saw a couple of men about sixty rods down the stream riding on horse back on the top of the water. They were going diagonally down the river in the direction of Joseph Smith's residence. We stopped our skiff and watched these men until they reached the shore. Just as they arrived at the shore the horses .suddenly disappeared and the strangers remained on the shore, the horses trotted along on the top of the water just as they would have, done had they been trbttirig through a very shallow stream, gently splashing the water hither and thither. We resumed ourjrowing but our attention was constantly directed towards them as they stood on the shore until our view was obstructed by a bend in the river. w Jos. C. Kingsbury. Near this time some of the worldlings a few miles below Nauvoo were reported to have seen upon the river two horses, one black and the other pale. They with , their riders landed in " i Missouri. Saints had reason to believe The latter-da- y that great events were near at hand but they could hardly realize the extent of them. The Church being then in its infancy they under stood but very little concerning the plans and purposes of the Almighty. They thought they had sacrificed and suffered enough from the scourgings and oppression of their enemies in Ohio and Missouri and that they would soon be gathered back to their homes from which they had been so cruelly driven. It had not been revealed to them how great and marvelous a work the Saints of God were destined to accomplish before being prepared to go back to enjoy their possessions where they were to build up tlte centre stake of Zion, which is in Jackson County, Missouri. Most of the inhabitants of that state were filled with jealousy and hatred which increased as our prosperity and powe increased. Not long after we settled in Qomnierceour brethren were carried by theniinto Missouri. One was a brother Brownwhom they hung until nearly dead, to force a confession from him, but he made his escape by leaving his clothes and He wandering three days without food. word that hid two oi they brought whipped the, brethren one o f them nearly to death when hp fainted. They stopped whipping him until lie revived a little, and then they commenced whipping him again; but as no confession could be forced from them, they were to jail for trial. f Brother James Alfred was taken by them and after having been tied to a tree and threatened for some time, he was told that his grey hairs would clear him and they set him at liberty. Governer Carlin said he would take the matter into his hands and would go to the extent of the law, if it caused a collision of the two states. The following interesting items I copy from my mother' lotto to father, dated bep. 6th, , com-mitt- ed 1840. She says: "The brethren are still moving in here very fast, several wealthy families arrived last week from Philidelphia. I hope they will help to build up the place. It is so sickly here it is almost discouraging, there has been rising of fifty deaths here .within a few weeks past, the sickness is mostly among those who have come in this season. Mother Beamen She died of the was buried one week ago cholera morbus was sick but a few days "Seymour Brunson is also dead, everything was done to save him that could be done, but the Lord had need of him. A short time before he died he told Joseph not to hold him any longer "for" said he, "I have seen David Patten and he wants me, and the Lord wants me, and I want to go." They then gave him up; at one time as Joseph entered the room, he told him that there was a light encircled him above the brightness of the Sun he exclaimed, "The room is full of angels they have come to waft my spirit home." He then bade his family and friends farewell and sweetly fell asleep in Jesus." "He requested Joseph to preach his funeral sermon, whioh he did. It was attended by thousands of people. He wa3 buried under arms. The procession that marched to his grave was judged to be a mile long. A more solemn sight, J never witnessed, and yet the day was joyful, because of the light and glory that Joseph set forth. I can truly say my seul wns lifted up. "I enjoy myself as well as I can deprived of your society. My health is much better than it was the forepart of the summer. Helen was attacked very violently with chilh last week, but through the goodness of God she is again restored. William works at Dr. Williams'; it they keep tavern in the house where Brother Granger lived; have all been sick more or less aU summer. William has also been attacked to-da- ; : y. 