WOMAN'S EXPONENT. TO MOTHER WHITNEY. n her 81bt. birthday, j dec. 26th, 1881. Daughter of peace to tbee our Shall be attnned thl natal day. We fully recognize thy worth, And Mess the dathat gave to earth Thy epotles soul, with jfrace refined "Where all the rlrtues teem combined. Celestial hosts with ns rejoice, To'hear thy fearless, winsome, voice Promoting peace defending right, Reflecting back the heavenly light. The light divine, whose steady glow, Hag marked thy footsteps here below; Has made thy Earthly life divine, And with Empyrean luster shine. Oh, we would bless thee on this day, While yerencased In mortal clay, While yet thy sympathetic heart, Can to onr souls such joys Impart; While we can hear thy sweet refrains, And profit by the mystic strains, That come as from seraphic lyres, And kindle truth's immortal fires We gladly give the words of cheer, To bless and comfort thee while here; 1 Would keep thee from the world above, To bless the Earth with heaven's love. Onr selfish love would keep thee here, Forever In this lower Sphere. Tis well we cannot this control, To fetter thus thy spotless soul. We only hope, for years to come, Thy presence may adorn our home, May cheer us with thy gladsome smile, And weary hours of life beguile. And yet wo feel, that Angels bright, In realms of glory, love and light, Are waiting In supernal heights, To waft thee home to their delights. Already more than four-scor- e years, Within this gloomy vale of tears Thy blameless life with love replete, Has been our gracious paraclete. When thou art gathered home to rest, Thousands here whom thou hast blest, Will herald forth thy righteous, fame, And venerate thy holy name. Thy name, that now, to us so dear, Our children's children will revere. When earthly name In heaven shall be, Transplanted In Eternity, No name among the list will shine, With brighter luster there than thine. v. y Isaac Gkoo. A DISTINGUISHED WOMAN, Zina D. H. Young. CONCLUDED. Sister Zina spent a few days looking about New York City, during which time she called upon Dr. Holbrook,"editor of the Herald of Health, who received her with great courtesy and kindness, and with whom she had a most interesting conversation on Utah. Leaving tBe great metropolis, she went to Jefferson County to' visit her relatives; her old home, the home of her childhood, was there also, and many pleasant memories were awakened on renewing old acquaintances and rambling over the familiar places, and recalling the scenes and incidents of other days. Her friends welcomed her warnily, and were delighted with her personally, but her religion they wanted not. Indeed, it was offensive to some ef them. She met with many who believed in spiritualism and advocated strange theories, counterfeits in some instances of the ordinances and powers of the Priesthood. Sister Zina attended a in great many the different churches, and heard meetingscelebrated divines of the dav8ieak onmany the doctrines of their respective denominations. In October last Mrs. Young attended the -- 155 Woman's Congress at Buffalo, N. Y., and had the opportunity of hearing addresses from some of the most popular speakers of the women of draw at will for the benefit pf others. Her life has been woven of silken skeins, tjiough often hard twisted, and difficult to soften, and occasionally a very rough place in the fine spun thread which she has seught to weave inwith the skill of an accomplished artist, and all has been so harmoniously blended by light and shade, that looking back now over the complete web still in the loom, one might wonder if there were any rough, hard spots, all is so apparently smooth and shining. E. B. W. our time. She was refused even five minutes to represent the women of Utah on the of suffrage, although Mrs. Spencer, of subject Washington interceded for it. After the Buffalo Convention, she went back to Watertown, to the northern part of the State, and from there to the State of Vermont, to visit other relatives and gather up genealogies. While in that State she had the privilege of speaking on one occasion at a Temperance Convention. She visited in Albany Co., New York, where there are a few Latter-da- y Saints, and always spoke in the meetings she THOUGHTS. It a safe rule for us all and as wise as it is safe to'never do or say anything except that up attended. Mrs. Young returned to New York City in time for the N. W. S. A. Convention of the State of New York, which she attended, and' where she met Mesdames Anthony, Gage, Lock-wooBlake, Slocum and other noted lady, speakers. Mrs. Young was not, however, invited to speak, although she could have represented a class of women who have exercised the privilege of the franchise for twelve years, and weie well acquainted with its practical workings. There is no denying the fact that the only difficulty in the way of representation was "Mormonism." But Sister Zina is a Christian, possessing that meek and quiet spirit which is in the sight of God of great price; but the world does not recognize it. Without beinj aware of Mrs. Young's connection with Uta&and the Latter-da-y Saints, she might have spoken anywhere that a woman would be allowed the privilege of speaking at all. But while in New York Sister Zina assisted the brethren in organizing a Relief Society, and gave the necessary instruction to initiate the sisters in their work. Lieut. Willard Young accompanied his .mother to West Point, where she had a most interesting visit with Richard Young, from Utah, now a cadet in the Military Academy there. Mrs. Young went one evening to hear Dr. Newman speak on Mormonism in a church in New York City. His discourse was a tissue of falsehoods on Mormonism throughout, and he seemed to entertain a bitter and vindictive spirit towards the "Mormon" people. Mrs. Young returned to this city on Tuesday evening, March 7, and was made the recipient of a surprise party of ladies, by her daughters, Mrs. Dougall and Mrs. Beatie. They had invited a few of their mother's intimate friends to welcome her on her arrival. Refreshments were served, and conversation was free and unrestrained by coldness or ceremony. Mrs. Phebe Beatie played in a very feeling and expressive style "Home Sweet Home" on the piano. On the Friday following, March 10, the Relief Society Conference of Salt Lake Stake convened, where Sister Zina had an opportunity of meeting and greeting many old friends, who were happy in seeing her again in their midst, and hearing herrelate some interesting The women of Zion welcome experiences. Sister Zina back again to her mountain home; here her worth is appreciated, here her labors are greatly needed. The world know her not, but in-- future day they may perhaps be aware of their error. There are many incidents in the lives of the women of this Church that are worthy of record, and will form interesting matter for and foremost among those whose works of love and charity will help to emlell-is- h history's page, will be the name of Zina D. H. Young. May her future be as rich in good works as the past has been, and the rich experience through which she has passed prove to her a storehouse of . wealth, from which sh may on which we can honestly ask the approval and blessing of God. Such a course will preserve us from many temptations and deliver us from . many-snaresIt will also strengthen us in the d, . a hi-tor- y; is path of daMy duty. Furthermore, that upon which we ask the blessing of God, we should is do with all our might. not a virtue, especially in serving the Lord; nor is it a recommendation in our daily contracts with our fellow men. We should all have something useful to do, and we should do it well. Each of us should choose an honest calling, and then endeavor to be perfect in that calling. It is not wise to despise small things, for trifles make the sum of large things and little, by little, step by step, seldom by giant strides we progress towards the perfection of goodness or retrograde towards Half-heartedne- ; ss its opposite. The toilers in the soil, in the mine, in the canyon and in the workshop constitute the basis of the wealth of this world. It is not gold, but labor, that makes the world rich; and the more effectually that labor is directed, the better for us all. In this lies the revelations of God, regarding the concerns of our every day life. Promptness, punctuality, honesty indnsirjr and eWihty ain icy words to success in the labors, the duties, and business of life. Be prompt, thus you will be first in the market Be punctual, then others will put confidence in your word. Be honest, there is no excuse to be otherwise; it wears the best and triumphs in the end. Be economical, wastefulness is one of the great sins of the age. Be polite, nothing valuable is lost by civility and kindness. Be industrious for labor is life, and withal trust in God and keep His laws. Ernestine Hollinq. Manuscript paper, 11th Ward. One of the wealthy and fashionable women of Zanesville, Ohio, astonished a large company of keno gamblers by walking coolly into the room where they were at play; accompanied by a policeman. She was in quest of a young e brother who had become possessed of an mania for gambling; and she not only took him away, but secured enough evidence to convict the proprietors of the place, which uncon-trolabl- was closed up. Lucy Stone says that early in the legisla- tive session in Maine Senator Dudley moved to amend the Constitution by striking out the? word "male." He was denied a special committee, and his bill was not fairly treated. Then the women of Maine sent in a petition for school suffrage sixty feet long, with & double row of names. On this petition there were a majority and a minority report. A motion to accept the minority report in favor of the petitioners was carried by one vote. Immediately a motion was made to indefinitely postpone the whole question, which was carried by the majority, at which there was loud "applause." The bold Legislators had put down the women in a place wnere; no woman could s speak or vote, ana then they applauded : " ' --Ez. them-elve- - 