110 : iN'S WX)M Margaret Marrls Mathewf, wife j)f IIopkinZMatbews : of rrorldenap, fts bora on the 0;th of .August, 15:21, in the town of rontyeats, Caermarthanshire, South Wales. eye. i ot tne vnnrcu oi '"r2 Jesus Christ of Latter-dalirst female in the' J;.? valley of Abcrdare, anmorganshi're, which principles ' sastainrd her in l!f. and mar! hor Vimiafnt in ?nM ".su her husband ami fiva emigrated in the rear ISM iittfejchll Jren; crossed the ea in the "EscnrUng;" over miV? llih8 Trains In "iLiirard RanVr'a hmhi'nv f . her home . in Ogden City, in the spring, of 155i, she . moved to Providence, in Cache Valley, with her hnsband auu lamny, ueing one oi iaa nrsi settlers m tms puce. : Whether we regard Sister Mathews as a wife, a mother a friend or a Latter-daSainL we thall fmft nrr nrnml. nent among her sex. . As a wife, she was the helpmate and couselor of.hcrhiisband-.Isieknessporerty and distress. Her. advice was never disregarded, for it ema- nated from a mind wise and thoughtful ddirwn. ta- a hiorh a O O' Asa mother, she was kind and solicitous to a fanlt; few women have boon so blessed in their children; she was the mother of thirteen children, four son3 and nine rTiUrfmn nM daughters, and rrandmoiher to thirtr-nnui nuuiu giimercu aDoni ner Dd m ner last sickness; only three out of her famHyiofLehiMrgn h.vn gone be Tore her. As a friend, she will be forever remembered bv those who have experienced her sympathy and kindness; :sbohad words of hopeor the downcast, elevation for the afflicted, and benevolent heart that was always out seeking objects of charity; her memorr will live - long in rrovldence; the was, Indeed, Its mother. A s a Latter-da- y Saint, SisterJathewswas"ashining examof meekness, simplicity and virtue. In 'all of her ple hours of trial, sickness and poverty, and she had many7 such during the early years of her life, she was sustained by an unfaltering trust that illuminated her spirit, even in death ever ready to do good day and night, and ah ways willing to bo useful. It could be said of her as was said of ona of old, she touched nothing that she did not adorn. The 4th of November, she was at Logan ,Jn Conference, when she was struck with paralysis in her right side; she was taken home by Brother Mathews; her family gathered around, also many of the sisters and brethren to administer to her-- wants.7 She was "quick and sensitive to the very last. Twenty minutes to 11 o'clock p.m., Nov. 14th, she breathed her last. She was President of the Kelief Society of Providence, which position . she held for nearly thirteen years, and which duty she performed faithful and trae. The corpse was carried to rthc meetinrhouse:bv herTfions. Frandsona and (inn-!n. law; next, the relatives, and then the teachers of the Kelief Society two and two. The speakers on this occa- - -,sion were Frederic Theurer, Wm. Smith, John F. Maddi-eon- , Chas. B. Kobbln and W. W. Low. They gave some very Instructive counsel on the occasion, and urged the , people to- follow the example of the departed.- - From the services to the cemetery followed thirty-onvehicles, and she was laid to rest from the toils and care of this life, and indeed she rests for the first time In twenty-twyears of my acquaintance with her. "Peace to her - - ashes." Emily Maddisox . "1 y .... showing their regards to the respected dead. Klder Win. England, of Flaln "City, taking charge of the Interment. She was'Luried in full temple clothing, Brother England remarked that iho was bolngrather roughly 'laid" aw ay, bnt she would arise in the morning of the lirst resurrec-- t Ion i n of.. honor, as e .Tol gent as the sua a t noonday. k ijjsjuA. Snv h ti-- i rrlfest7 X "As si e E. Shur'tuft,- Sec. ' ' Utah papers pleaseT-opy-. ZZ, , - in a -v,i Ewhenwe have gotTtolliow our .true r colors and ahow who and what we are, whether for God eek the spirit of revor not. Exhortet wisdom in elation and use all our acts.- -- Said some were poor but rich in faith, nfAtliinrt !n VtA n.V;l nunc 'tlAo uiucio tnavn ticio iiwu iu viutiuiug lint uui in ,. !lriiTriMisa haTV-l.-'nr-t 1 - . - . g, R S., Y. L. M. I. A. AND PRIMARY ' -- REPORTS. : r tri invnlcp. fhfi flftisiricr fif God unon all thqse who were striving to perform the du- fflithr-Fplf- y "M n " o--t -- .- -- o o - Present on 'he stand: The officers of the Mesa and" Jonesville Relief Societies; also President MacDonald and some others of the brethren; President Phelps presiding. " -- MeetiiigpeB Died In llarrisville, Weber Co., Utah, October 5, 1SS2,V at 1.10 a. m., of small-pox- , Lucy Ann, wife of Richard D Brown, Jr., aged 2 years and 10 months, leaving a husband, four children, and a host of relatives and 'friends to mourn her loss. Thn less than two years old. Sisfer Lucy was the daughter of the present President of the Kelief Society of Slater-- " vuie, Mother Field, and was born in the, ChurcJi, Town.. Vnv r.nfh iqio t,- three weeks prior to her birth, leaving tha ' .. . ti a llarge riamuy upon tnc mother; who brought them to ' tfao Valley, and settld in SlatervUle, Weber Co.," thirty years ago. Deceased was baptized a member of the Church of Tcsus Christ of Latter-daSaints when eight years old, and in her maiden days taught sch"obl in" : -- .uinu Vmw nao uiailiUU LO JV. T U. lirOWU, In tflO 1'JU- - aowment uouse, Salt Lake City, December 5tb, 1S70, residing in llarrisville since that time She was a social ; friend, an affectionate daughter, a worthy mother and loving. wife. None knew her but to respect her, and her departure is widely felt., gho was a member and senior teacher in tlw Ladies' Biblo Class in our Sunday School anu iuciuuer aciinjr JSecrctarv of thn Eelief Society since the first organization in tho ward. Sh0 passed oir in peace in.an apparent sIumberrwithouT" a struggle; chewas buried on their own ace pi the same - morning, the. only mourners to follow her toherjLat place wera her husband, her children and a ... lcdil,g nmuler: of IiTeJailves Etandin2 a distance off, th . f singing and prayer. After which the minutes of the previous June Conference .were read, and : ; , accepted. President Phelps requested Bfo. MacDonald to address the meeting. He excused himself for the present, wishing to hear, from the sisters first, after which he would respond. The following sisters arose and made encouring re- mark3 and bore faithful testimonies: Susan- nah Brady, Lizzie MacDonald, Biggs, Hibbard, Jones, Savage, Harper, Longmore, Steele, Elizabeth MacDonald, Fanny , MacDonald, " and Hannah Peterson; President Phelp3 felt indignant when the . read in the papers of the course our. enemies were taking to bring- trouble upon our people in Utah, but said our trust is in God. All we -have to fear is ourselves; let us be faithful to our duties and ailjwill-b- e rights: t- Z iBroTDavTd Savage then made some very and instructive remarks. President MacDonald 'gave some very good instructions. The principles we have embraced are dear to our hearts, and it is the dutyof mothers ,. to instil these principles into the " minds of .their children, that they may escape the evil influences that are striving to over-throthe work of God on the earth. Pray for each other,-b-e charitable and kind, overlookeach other's ing failings, and let us live above the evil influence that surrounds us. Singing! and benediction. Conference ad- -journea until 1 p.m. Afternoon meeting. Usual ODeninero ever- - ' . u " ' ?" Sarah ". M. Pomeroy. i.: c ' i tern. . oecreiary jrro " . - - - ORANGE VI LLE77 EMERY COU5TYT Dear Sister. -- I am pleased' to inform you Orangeville Ward, organized August 27th, 1 882. - Caroline Curtis, president; Sarah Ann Fullmer and Ellen Robertson, counselors; Joanna P. Curti3, secretary; Elizabetk Reid, treasurer, and all the necessary, officers be- - the good work, and hope to improve. We pray lor the .weJlare ct Zion and all our sisters in tnisgiqriousause. I remain your sister in the" Gospel, i .. - - Joanna P. Curtis, Secretary. . ng w , : . . - - . - v- - Bro. David Savage occupied, a portion of the. afternoon in a very interesting manner; to some of the - prophecies of Isaiah; thought that a great many of them were about to be fulfilled, r Said the first step3 towards' apostacy consisted in finding faultwith the: Priesthood. Said, sisters, if you see your hus-- . bands giving way to this spirit, it is your duty to rebuke them; avoid a g and " slanderous spirit, for . it leads to, great evil; teach your children faith in God. Referred to the great faith of the army of Helaman, who were taught the principle of faith by their that not one them" of mothers, were slain in the ; battle with .the Lamanites. great Closed by praying that the spirit and power of Elijah's God might rest upon the sisters. President MacDonald occupied the remainder of the afternoon in a very instructive discourse, on the, many and various duties pertaining to, pur society. Spoke of the importance of making covenantsand when ce raise our hands to sustain, a person an any office in said there is a power goes .with it the'Church, more than we have any idea of. Visit tire sisters who - are not with you, and encourage them to come to meeting. " Let e?3- theyoung ters join with you until they cab be organized ed fault-findin- " . ti es of theirjcal ling it was movea ana seconaea mat Dister Eliz abeth G. MacDonald be appointed to preside oyer the Relief Societies in this district; carried unahimouslv. The officers of the several societies were also unanimously sustained by the Conference. a .1 t r. t Alter some ousmess was iransacieu,J ine Conference adj ou rn ed nim-- h Singing. Benediction. - " T re-ferr- . y edflhertisual-TirarjTO- -' ' . cises. V - ESI CITY. A brief report of the quarterly Conference of the Relief Society, which was held at Mesa, Sept. SO, commencing at 10 a.m. n society of their own. Spoke of tho beau- nvo 'i uuivu uuu hhuaa, nuvu Vttit.CU out to the fullest extent. Said some of the prophecies were about to be fulfilled concern- - -- 11 . - fiX PON EN T. ;t NEW ZEALAND. Report of the Canterbury, New Zealand, Relief Society of the Church of Jesus Christ Saints. of Latter-daThe Relief Society was organized at on the 2Gth of December, 1879, by Elders Shreeve and P:: J. Nord3trand; Sister jlames Eetapartpresident-andisters-Larsand Doak first and second counselors. In consequence of the President gathering home to Zion, the society was reorganized, and now consists of officers asiollows: JohannaXarsen, President; Olina Nordstrand first and Emma Rogers second counselors; Louisa Porter, secretary; Louise Rogers, treasurer. Total number of members, 13. "The sisters here live in a very scattered condition, and consequently "the attendance is , not as regular as could be desired, though tolerably good considering the many disadvantages they have to contend with. The meetings are held on the last Monday of each month. - Up to Sept. 5, 1881, the meetings were held on the first Monday of the month, but the change was made J to suit the convenience of one of the listers who lives 18 miles from the place of holding meeting, who could not otherwise attend. ' y ' Christ-churc- h, err ' thpv mppf. nnd pnnnrncrft rno.h other. and advise for the best; each breathe a -- kind, charitable feeling and manifest a desire to assist in rolling on the work of God. There is a society fund, to which the members contribute as their circumstances' will allow; this enables us to assist those who are in . need of pecuniary aid. - "We desire to emulate our sisters at home in their labors of love and ask them to remember us in their meetings and give us their faith and 1nf?As J W V ; . to the eociety to date amount to 2 5s., of this amount 1 13s. has been appropriated to aid missionaries and the Tho contributions 