4 it r - i - j ... .- w I 1 II - 1 I IJ - i -- . mm VII r .:- Vol. 11. No. "3;" AN IDEAL. ions therefrTBTO This is noliew theory, nothing out of the usual methods. It proposes no new ideas in political economy; for, in reality there is no undiscovered truth in that economy. Simplicity is the invariable characteristic of truth. Error loves to hide her deformity in' complicated envelopments. But Hero is my tome ! Far.dojri below mo lying, The city spreads Its 6trqam of bnsy life Unto myjratching, dreaming eyes replying. r ?: Banishes loneliness and hushes strife; : Sense of companionship without its sighing, Hearts', rest from scenes with vexing questions rife. . J,a iLwit wnjiense. QUirea Rinrprofrnflfsvoiy trQth-isptheiavi!31a- Jnatithht; - - - '. low-roofo- ; . , the few oue is not long In finding Those, who will deem it worth their while and care, To thread the pathway tip the mountain winding, ;' Catching the rapture of the tipper air, and sacred with T Worship friendship binding jdyf la a sweet charm the soul may inly wear; Hero come the loved, this dear ones who've departed, Softly their arms my drooping form entwine, Hero come tho sacred, great and noblo hearted, , Softly their spirits cheer and beckon thine; nave l been dreaming Hide the tears that started Ah! would that this Ideal home were mine. Hero come . June 10, .1832; Augusta Jotce Cbociierox. WOMAN IN POLITICS. Says Dryden; the light the morning of the mind. beauteous Images abroad, the It;sprcads Which elso Ho furled and shrouded in theaoul." 4Spcech Is -- -- "Speak, that I may see thee," said the old philosopher. The heart utters its secrets when the tongue or pen is in motion. As the full bucket betrays the condition of the "Water in the welf, so speech as a rule declares ithe person, the in warpess, the intent, ITiave a few fugitive ideas, "whiins'perad venture, that are clamoring for expression. - But how to put themin proper me. bothers Your paper is proverbial for shape lively and entertaining article? and ldo not de oue w mar 11a goou repuie. xear wiin me wnne 1 give a few. itern, for like one of old "I will also ehow.mine opinion." 1 will speak of woman asa factor ia governmental aflairs; . Sovereignty under proper regulations, an , just limits belongs to the American peopl whether as States, Territories, and all subdiy lD and plain ,"it3 precepts are irresistible in force. i ne. elementary principles of whatever is most valuable to mankind are distmguisKedJby: This 13 true - of all theartsj: that : embellish life,,and discoveries that enlarge the field of htiman happiuess. This is essentially '. true of government.In a Republic the natural equality of man , the right of themajority to govern,, their- - duty-s- o to govern as to preserve inviolate the sacred obligations of equal justice, areJts It has been wisely said that "The 2nd departed from it," 3rd nevegollaclc' U t In the opening remarks it was stated, that word3 are the expression of the mind, the clothing of thought, as a rule they have definite significations'. All admit this, all "agree the terms man, mankind means .women - as as-we- . ll ntiinireligiaaicieii everywhere and at all times. Children Implies boys and girls, and in their amusements and mnocent.E plays iareprecyely-alik- e. point, howevertwerdo not eye, and l is in the high towering domain of politics. that Here we cntQrupon holy ground, here wo. must .. . take off our. shoes and tread Jightly,.liere we must drop half the brains and half the heart .. of. the .nation, for in political lingo man, men means exclusively the "lords of creation." And as a necessary corollarrl f?overnments ptita elementary-propositiontheir just powers from the consent- - of the masworm is governed too much,'; too many statutes, culine gender, and women have n rights pol too many subjects legislated upon. r First of itically, that the house of lords, are bound to --- most essential is respect Words rightly interpreted however, f jnanV political lntejests,and in few laws ad ministered well good governments; politics, as well as religion, jgive woman her will answer all needful purposes. . They must just rights, and when things are done by combe impartial however, both in enactment and mon consent, 'she is included as a party to ' the r execution. Tho penal interdictions of the law transaction. When the. Savior; says, He will must not. be thrown across my path to hinder draw all men unto him, "he who believeth and' is baptized shall be saved and '. Paul "God me from a course that another may pursue with wills all men to ' be saved." Do they mean safety. Happily these great principles are enunciated, in the immortal Declaration of exclusively men ? I think' not. Efe Paul made a mistake when, he'said, "the manT3 not Independence, and in. the Constitution of the 1 .".V. United States by Washington .Adams. JeiFer v without the womanliii JtbsrxLIu A monarchy may prescribe Woman in nef OTnf Madison, Jackson, and a host of others, : fathers and defenders of the Republia Siif--; rights', ' d perhaps Vfuryivei; but a' RepubhV cannot afbrd ,'to let', half its intellect' and fer me to insert a few good wordsLfrpm-Pre- si dent Jackson .; "It is in a plain system void of .morality lie fallow. Her assistance - is needed in public affairs. Circumstances and vocations 1 pomp, protecting" all, and granting favors to create distinctions, where originally equality ' none, dispensing its blessings like the dews of prevailed; or "a the original organization, is heaven, unseen and unfelt save in the beauty to uie circumstances wna wmcn were sur and freshness they contribute? produce, that the people will find happiness and their liberties rounded,so wHl be the character and. qualifica '" ' tions compounded out of both." A kind of protection." moral rule of three.; I maintain this axiom, The whole theory ofour government is based which I think cannot be successfully con'unon impartialitv and universal eouitv. hence troverted. That morally 1 woman is the best, all partial legislation tends in its results to Ibe. intellectually equal, physically lower, spiriBuuversivc oi jusj. goyermueui, auu pfejuuiciai to the vital principles of civil and religious tually (as a mass) higher. If this is correct shall the better; element be politically subfreedom. The rulers of a former age were servient to the worse ?. It may be said4hat the by the great liaw-g- i ver a3 follows: "Therefore have I also made you contemptible great affairs of the world have ever owed their and base before all the people according as ye origin and development to man, that he shapes the destinies of the race. I do not concur in have not kept my ways, but have been partial the sentiment, but were it so, may it not bo said in the law." God's ways are ever ju3t. Crime is that woman shapes the. race. "Is not the, tbe violation of proper penal laws. Law is a foot that rocks the cradle, the hand that rocks moral obligation binding on tho subject, the world," and does not an eminent writer say obligations ;ariso from benefits" received. In other words law 13 a necessary relation between truthfully, "That in France there ha3 not been"" a single great, good or bad, thing in politics in 'cause and effect, just laws protect me in my literature or in art, which has not been inspired rights, I owethem obedience and honor, acby woman." What i3 true of France, is to cording, to an old saying, ''There is no jight somo extent true of other nations; women, havo without its duties, and no duty without its been good rulers, and filled creditably promintend- - with; a 1: rights.'! True-- government ent positions. Wo read of the queen of heaven constant influence to equalize the external con-- . (i3 tnc position merely nominal) and by parity dition of mankind,. perfect equality indeed is of reasoning other offices there are held by not within the reach of human efibrt. Honorable women , implies more than . manl .. 1 j Order Is heaven's first law, and this confessed, merely moral qualities, it signifies rank, Some are and must te greater than tho rcst,ollice. In Utah, Wyoming, and to a More tich,"more wise." ' . . limited degree in. other placeswomen hold tho elective franchise, and to gome extent are ; Strength must ever have an advantage ;over entitled to hold office. The new Constitution weakness, sagacity over simplicity, and wisdom" of Utah quite an advance in removover ignorance. This i3 ' according to tho ing her disabilities; but the end. is not jet, the ordination of nature, and no .institutiou of man ' interstices that admit th rays of light into our can repeal the decree. Pardon the digression, and full the soon for I find J ftm like the preacher, who made Solitical theory are'enlaring, day Trill to "filuiiijig upon' us, 'The tirw point in Ms discourse, 1st. took his text, : sight of srtsVcreatlonsaiii r So comes,'. the lite draught welling up oreyer, :. As breezes wandering through the sunbright ilr,!! -- Gather the freshness from the-- . flowing xirer. And scatter perfumes culled from every where. Mountains that yet are white with winters snowing, Shut eut the far world from my blest retreat, Out through their riven side a stream is flowing . Chanting & psalm the rocky walls repeat, 7 . Jill in the valley with warm sunlight glowing Breaketh Us voice to ripples low and sweet. 11 . Sheltered from winds, adown a dimpled hollow, Earliest suns have waked theJeaves of spring, Here comes the robin and the glancing swallow, Here comes the lark to build her nest and sing, And here as soon as bud and perfume follow. Loiters the butterfly on idle. wing. - Here is my home, d against the sweeping ' W .winter winds that spend their strength in Tain, Hero may I listen, wakened from my sleeping, x Close overhead the music of the rain; And with the morning light a welcome keeping, Flowers are crowding 'gainst my windoWpane. ' v i. 7 . '":r '"' Here .are xny trees, each has its eep'rate meaning - JTbew W or ebcltcr, tbo' for bctnj trcrjg&t ; From far and near my search; was long In gleaning, ' Those most befitting the eyrie I had sought, Drawing from out mv fancy's farthest screening, Tho real living picture here is wrought "rrzZ: r .1 ? - sim--plicit- y. see-eye-- to -- . s. . . -- " ; " '. ; . ded , " ;-- - - ." . pos-itio- n, - has-mad- e : . 