Jorum's Bled are the joor in of Kingdom Hcn'",J-i.,:u'- for their U the -- - ; " ,1 " t .fcno .canyon vttrt"jAn:- - choisen' by lihhou As ieesii-'ao- ie wae sriven, acd ihz-'vzclear towards putting- in , ..practice the sngges- tielA, taeetlD-2- was aoDoasted'Tdr' the-ne.1. wfc. Ait tha l"j;rr Vrn r.nnr.rJ h:r!p fnA frr J : there ra4ounie4 to the 14th Ward AEsmbiy iioocis. ana Irorn that time until ths nrf-snt . Mh. Horne Lag presided at these, regular, serni- feel llotm vu - oagland of the 14tb, , - Liltylo War4-jbatrJj- ate ' iiicBcMarfftijc wuJtnr&Ker and thirst niter righteon-V pese; for Ihej shall l fill'd. :' 'i'.:":.-:-.- the " z&t'u'tp&zr&Y "tensed " 'zrwy.-t- T branch' of 'Relief .Society rr thai ward. This took place oa the ,12th of December 1 607. It was a great surprise to the lady to be elected : : JeeuK, V Not to tho proud, who have toordless possctslous-- tp tUe ioJity, Not unto tboso whj have all of garth's blcEsixrgs -ora of God and IU glory belong. Doth the ,:ot to 7 ay, hardly the wealthy, God's kingdom can enter. Their friends and position so .much from them ' "; . claim; . So much do their thoughts In appearances ccntro They care not the kingdom of God toBUEtaln. ... that position, A thoughla m&xi: of-gre- -.- at tforce : Qrhacter and entigrance" the w&; i manner and habits,' thorgblyiummictnlier and anything like notoriety was distasteful and foreign -- to her nature. However she deter- mined not to shrink from any responisbility placed upon her tinder the authority of the priesthood, but to trust in God to help her "overcome her diffidence and fear of speaking an " public. Sister Eliza often refers to her being so very timid that she could not vote in the members of the Society, without being supported by leaning on other sisters. To see her: now stand up in. the congregations of the Saints,: 'zz:- - lAlnMJ8n4 Ye that "Who yet shall be The spirit of Your blessings "Your souls with fire. - lHe-glTin- g ' " ' ! . fili'd unto copious o'erflowing; truth shall your bosoms inspire; shall be of your Father's bestowing, J shall be touched" and bewarm'das ' j ; And ye who have mourn 'd over many offences-E- nd uring in hope, God's salvation to see be and for the defence Lord, jour Rejoice is, glad, He wills that the honest, his people shall be. - Rejoice and be glad, yet with spirits repentant 'Gainst the sins that beset us,eachonemu6t contend; Thus your souls shall be filled with the sweetest con. tentment -- f. ' For the honesirand humeThave God - thedeptbs, He - r their friend. can lift you to glory and glad- ' ness; Can darkness dispel, by ineffablelightv ? He can banish the woes that o'trwhelm you with sad- . ness, .. AndTscatter the clouds, were they blacker than night. Who can limit his love? Ills munificence measure? " Ills compassion exhaust? or his purpose conceive? --fIcreeesTiots man," His his infinite pleasure That the meek and the poor, shall his kingdom re- - ; '. . ' . Ye From from her lips, one could scarcely credit that she was ever so afraid of her own. voice. - Mrs. : "llofne- - is particularly ; happy in Scriptural .1 i! fll Ti'l l UQKuions. one naa macie tne nmip. a r i studyyand her references are a very great help to her in speaking, aucl more than supply the want of language of vhich she sometimes com- L plains, though her hearers never think of it." ccive. Ills gifts and his grace, God hath promised the lowly, That the feeble and faint, consolation may drink; He gives not the proud what is Bacred and holy; Nor leaves those who love him to helplessly sink. Emily Hill Woodmxnsee. Salt Lake City. A R EPRESENTATI VE WOifAN. MARY . ISABELLA nOEKE. Continued. A rather remarkable period in Mrs, Home's history, dates a little previous to the events recorded in the last chapter. We designate it as remarkable because it was the initiatory step in the direction of public life, which has led to many-othe- rthin es. all- - of th eserterrd 1 rTfTTStvpr her publicity and influence in woman's depart ment of spiritual labor in the Church. It is well known to most of our readers that the Relief Society was nrcrjiTmprl hv th a Pmnkpf. r vj j Josepii m JNauvoo, lih The subject of this esetcn was a member of that When the Bishops organized in organization. the various wards and settlements, in the . valleys of the' mountains, sometime after the retnrn of the People from the move to Proro, in the time of 1 -- r-- thirst, and that faint for tbo waters, f orrlghteulneesnBunger, midst sorrow and Z . ; strife; . -z, 0. God, count doth sons his bis and you Rejoice! daught1 ers ; Ye shall satisfied be, with the manna of life? -- - .i 1 . Cofconcentrationwhieh-is-alwalhejhasithelgif in ys a speaker or writer;-shgood speaks to. the point and her reasoning is forcible and ' ' e clear. : , - - Mrs. Home's first Counselors in Society, - were, Susan H. Wilkinson East, and subsequently Mrs. Taylor was appointed Secretary, the Relief and Will-mirt- h Elimna S. and Jane. Richardson, Treasurer; under the wise and judicious management of the President the Society increased in numbers and not only was great good accomplished - in the relief of the poor and afflicted, but meansmultiplied in tho- . txeasuryhrougHprudentand careful financier- - excel-le- nt President, ha3 great dignity of; character, and i perfectly equal to the position she: has sd lon g occupied, 'Z-- Z When" Ffes: Young instructed Sister Eliza to go through the Territory and organize the voung ladies, into Associations, for mutual np.npfif, nnH lmnrnvpmentv, T! Wamib M AAyiu called to assist in the work of organizing. She ha3 organized and reorganized many of the ; ' - T ; -- mpnthJy-m Trnitav:ocIalttrgE . Tet wealth Is a boon, If but wisely we use It;" . -- Yea, wealth doth accomplish "commendable things; But when in our pride for display, we abusa it Instead of a blessing, destruction it brings, Bnt Bntoths humble, 4he lowly of spirits Shall riches abiding, and comfort bejgxeai , ejoicerObrjelwor ones, 'tis yours to inherit xt J Young Ladies Mutual ImDrovement-Asaoci- ations, in the Church, and at a more recent date. naa . aio ..organizea Associations in and from visits time to time, seyeraLplaces; in all parts of the countrv.travelinp amonf and encouraging them in ""ifeLMaclimg the paths of light, knowledge and advance-- ' IT nr. iniOOTATl nfnrtn. wa. important one, and sne takes up her work and allows no selfish interest to come, between her and the .discharge of any public service. IZJ- At the time of the passage of the Cullom Bill, in January 187G, aa grand mass1 meeting, .was called to convene in the Old Tabernacle, Salt Lake City. It was a sort of indignation meeting, and Mrs. Home took an active part in the proceedings, being one of the committee appointed to draft resolutions. It was a remarkable woman's right3 movement, and the expression of sentiments by Mormon women wa3 pronounced and free. Mr3. Horne also addressed the audience a few .moments on- - the questions before the house, at that memqrable sys-tematical- ly, the bill was passed, granting woman suffrage to the women of Utah. Seven" days after the sisters met in their general meeting in the 14th Ward, when most of the wards of the city were represented, and a few ladieswere selected asa Committee to waitupsn acting Governor Marin, and express to him " the1 gratitude of Mormon" women for his signing the document, granting them the suffrage in Utah, r Mrs. Horne was 7 selected as one of that Committee; and from . ing. jti. very gooa suDsiantiai two story-DncJbuilding has been "erected by the Society, one part of which is rented for a store, and the upper story used for meetings. and other purposes in the same connection. The Society also own a good granary, and have ouite a large cfuantity of wheat stored-awa- y. We have not" space"in our columns to enumerate all the good work which has been done in the Society under Mrs." Home's direction, but certainly. she has proved that time she has ever taken the greatest interest in the snbject of woman's voting. She hersejf a faithful stewardess, as the Secretary's has never missed an opportunity of exercising Mrs. record will show. Home's success as a her privilege in thi3 regard. She has always leader was so apparent and her courso so conbeen regular in attending the Primary meet- - 7 sistent, that she was soon looked up to as an . ings in the precinct where she resides, and has example, and Pres. Young had such confidence r been elected a member of in her ability, that he gave her a very importCentral v ant mission among the sisters; this was called uommittee. Once or twice her nnmp. hn.a bpn rrnnnprl retrenchment; he called upon her in Gunnison as Justice of the Peace, but the statute law of when she, was there on a visit to her son JosUtah, still hinders woman from holding any eph, who was at that time ishop of that place. office of emolument or trust. He told her to lead out in a more economical Every thing of 'living, of dressing and so forth; she mat women can doto prepare themselves to uvay 1 aid in the political elevation of the sex Mrs. scarcely understood at the time What the labor - has sought diligently to do. Strong-minde- d Home was to which he assigned her, but on herjreturn she certainly is, and her reasoning uphome she laid tne matter before "Sister Eliza," on womatfs position is always sound and forcwhom the sisters recognize as the Elect Lady, ible Yet she is motherly and gentle, and no and told her of the mission from Pres. Young: - one can say there i3 anything inconsistent with subsequently she called with Sister Eliza to see thePresident; and learn what could be done to womanly delicacy in ner manner or bearing, disproving altogether the theory of the oppos-- : carry out his counsel in the matter. President ers of political equality, who argue that it to hold them advice was for meetings jYoung's makes woman mosculine, bold and forward, to on the subject of retrenchment, in table and to speak in public, and that they negvote etiquette, courses, style, etc., and in dress; havlect home and family. :L ing their garments plain and modest, instead " of so many ruffles, flounces and furbelows, and To be Continued. ? mental in and time more moral, spiritual spend cultivation, and less Upon fashion and the A dispatch from Omaha 13 inst. states vanities of the world. Accordingly Mrs. that the Woman's Suffrage Convention was Home prepared an entertainment at her own set in a simple style house, the table being largely j attended, by prominent advocates. Sixty-eigwith plain food, and several Presidents of Re- - -delegatea from twelve states and ' ' territories were on the platform, lief Societies were present, Some good counv C ' . . the-Cou- nty -- -- TT''-Z ht 