iKi,. .... BlsVopEdward Hunter, who is In his ninetieth Mrs. L. year, addressed the congregation. Careless," with her wonderful voice, sung tcDear ' Heart We're Growing Old." Prof. Daynes per. formed a fine olo on the organ and Br. Dunbar sang VMy Old Wife and I , The Primary Association then presented to each of t h e old folks over seven ty, abbcquc t of flowers artistically arranged. Mrs. Susan Leverldge aged one r hundred years, the oldest lady In the assembly, . was introduced and bore her testimony to the litter day work. Those over seventy were then" Invited to a free entertainmen t In the theatre. ; "At th close of the services Prest, Taylor ?aM: Fwjuirtq offer this proposition flthatjrej will ald : ' I. n cur last Issue we gave the organization of the Deseret Hospital Associatloni The circulars are now ready, containing the rules and regulations of the . Hoepital, and will be distributed in the different Stakes as . quickly as practicable. Qno of the provisions of the articles of a?soclai ion provide that eacK Relief Society and Mutual contribute one Improvement " tl611ar every '..month to assist in meeting the n . Current 'pi l enses of t b e tns t i tu t ion. This Jearly Bays bObis Republic, when tbat was; tolling "ftoolaln in pon the bell '. . js knetio tithe Church, and by the .Presidents of lhe1;Asso Ldaticns, and while thei'sumj'. riqabed''from each stifamereWDrej flbaUng witH;f tlHfitTimT stripes and also some , with: the, names of the several states and territories. A pavilion :had ''tihnfgba ; that W(mId;flCComcdataalcut: eight at tables. None tut - those over were to allowed be seated at seventy -- the ilrst table. The dinner was: furnfched by the Relief Society of the" siveral ward In this City anddjacent wards. ;and many beautiful young girls flitted about help ing to .serve the . aged people. r The tables - were literal for loaded with good things, anil ornament audience wassailed to Order ;iand singing-- ; and prayer were the vflraiVextses.jdei'".,George 'y Qodda'rd moved that Elder ' C. R. Savage fake1 charge; of theproceedrngsVof the.dayy: and it was announced . that "a, general handshaking would be ...the, first thing on tho programme. The Juvenile martial bands of the city numbering seven bands were "consolidated Into one, Profi Beesley in charge, and played some airs on the stand; Li Mb ir-Srr?:'. : There were a differ-eof number xf large, prizat kinds distributed to the ; very, aged people, and theucene was one of great Interest. Sougs were sang and a rfew shart:spepchea wero m ade, all congratulatorylttf the aj Veterans; very one Seemed 'ttf be- - "having ag6d - tlme' and a rabst enjoyabls there Is no dubt affair The arduous labors' of the1 Ppm mittee should be fully appreciated by the people for In making it a com' they certainly succeeded r :, y -success. plete : Red, white and blue were the colors worn by the old people. A bow: of red ribbon de?fgnated those1 over seventy 'but; hot yet eighty, over eighty and notyet njnely taw. of biue xibbon,. i . . . . nt , iE that-lt-was- i M and for an pfer ninety . 'IBeiitlnguJi were made by ihe$tl Ukipg-thefrom the depot tpjvbfllejt-iliigtpt .ahd back to the station,' on thetr retuiriihomeii eTbl:was one-cthe grandest ; affaire, ihat lias ever been CBlebmted in! Utah espectr ta ihe silver greyt m s f 4 alwayjatifnltf z-lh- " y . . ", . . " -- 1 of our delegate, to Cengress was sustained, by a unanimous vote o the congregation; V " '' C : thV lsVue iV well worth the attention of all our . and we - trutt hose v ho are' working -jead j ior ' woman's advancement in the world will notice such remarks,. coming as they do from 'anand one who has sat In the Hlls of the iSitsiailwl AfsVmW feinlariy for more than ' ' i twenty yeara. 'Z following rlhdrpongratu to a he Tabernacle he spoke in large congregato referred and the . tion, progress of the Edmundr Bill, and the refusal of the House of Repreeentatives to give him his seat. He said he felt cheerful over if, and that persons in Washington who met him said, "You are the most cheery man I ever saw, for what you are passing through." Brother Cannon said he had assured them by saying, "why Should I not feel cheerful? I have a larger msjority thsn any ' man on theflcor of the House," Prest. Taylor closed the services by .speaking In praiteof Bro.- -' Cannon' couree, and on his motion, the cause v ' .v. f . . . AFFAIR3. :, HQ v T; T7TnEarticIe;entled "Votnan In PulItica'Mn e demonstration which must have been gratifying to the distinguished gentleman. He was met at Ogden by a large party, from this' city, of his brethren who welcomed him home. At that place a large number of citizens assembled, with the brass band of that city, greeted him. At the settlementi on the way down he Was also greeted with similar demonstrations. A Salt Lake, a large crowd assembled and a couple of brass bands the 10th and 11th ward bands played as the train came in. Brother Cannon moved among those gathered at the places mentioned, shaking hands with them, and receiving -- comfort of the yiaitors, by. . OrjK honored delegate, George Q. Cannon "returned home on Wednesday evening June 21. event was, made 1 the occasion of special -- : -- t", entertainment at the was which attended Theatre, by a very tclcct and appreciative audience. Sho gave 4 selections, showing her vereatility; but in that from Henry the viil. displayed most marked ability her power of conception and executlyn was asur- prise her friends. The entertainment was varied by choice music, and was a success in every particular. On the tvening of the 3d of July , the young lady will appear with the Home Dramatic Club, taking the leading part in "Blow fcr . -- . ' - Blh iLst. sne gave an i. ' .v-'- --- elo-cutionis- . " .. E , ; ; Mi us! Ada'D wjer7daugh f?rof Jam es D yer, E.q., returned on Saturday evening', June 10," from the East. This estlmab'e young lady has been absent 10 month p.J tlia nf -orfttr Wtrfvn M W iv which time has bttn sptnt In Boston In the s t u dy of eloc utlor, un d e r t he most noted she has finished her studies with unabated asiduly and baa noade the most On Monday evening, the -- It - jaa-tim- e. - sup-piem- en -- ;i icjoclcj t he The medical staff is composed of members cf the profession, who have already won the respect and con fidence of the public, and who?e professional standing is a gairanteiB cf the success of the new enterprise . In the departmt nt over 'n which they preside. Dr. Ferguson brings position of resident Surgeon, to which she has been appclnted, the ex-- l perience of twenty years In the profession, ted by an extensive acquaintance with - all kinds pf Hospital work, gained during her recent visit East under the instruction, of the most eminent surgeons in Kew York. . The members of the vis! tine, board Br. k. Young and Dr. W. F. Anderson are gentlemen who nave no superiors in this Territory jn pro fessional skill, social standing', and every attrJ bate that qualifies thtm for success. Tht-y have the interests of thiapeople at heart, and will spare no effort to make the Hospital prosperous In all its departments. X Dr. Pratt is well known to all our people, and has made a specialty of diseases of the eye and ear, in the treatment of which she -- has had and doubtless will have marked success. We hope Saints will appreciate the efforts the Latter-dathat are being made toestablisb this Institution, where those who are sick and injured will have the best mtdical and surgical treatment, and nursing that can be sffbrded them,;, together admin ; with the InesUqjabl IsTrMKolf all the ordinancts of the Church in their, behalf, And that hey will t ustaln jt by -ex- works. and was It good ith,eir faith, prayers npected thatf the Hospital would be: opened .. on Jbe 20 th pf r June, but circumstances have; arisen thrcogh the partrea occupying tht building not moving at the time agreed on, but ills hoped that U willbe in.readiniss on the 1 10th of July, and will be dedicated by the Firsts as soon after as prae- Presidency of the Church ' ' ' tlcable. , , ' All comunicatlonB In reference to board or - treatment to be made to t)r E. B. Ferguson ihe resident physician, by mail or personally. The school of Anatomy will open about the ml Jdle of J;- - Jqly." In d The day was a pleapsnt on and theTalr a com- vas tent In the plete succefs." The u ft grove, a . little d!gtant"e away, ,n rlfly and thenew-HospltaL- wiil ben erectly festo peoplef-oreTHgToudsr'-- K talent and if :Bociey:l5 Jery .j. punctually v paid by all the. Association?, w ill vfpim a staple fund ur wjluihemanjgcrs uch rmay draw to mf tingeapie&s cannot r be. provided .for by, .the arniog8i)?Tthe.JiiBiitiia-Jion- . JThe, Medical Board , haye;fnt to JCe w Vork for a full supply. oJ the; very .best sorgicfl - InstrMments and hospital supplies, and in it not medlcaktquipinent suffer at all by comparison with thote that have had a longer existence in the community. . hundred persons seated - in land and to all the inhabitants thereof . 'V srAU' wb ateinL&vpr TasfalningTtlie principles that'; were 'then enUlated hold Up the right hand."? Choir anthem. Benediction by Prest. GVQ 7sogjftQ -uannon. lThei9th of "June, the old folks assembled in : LirtyParkj wji ere all need ful pxeMatidns had been made . foj their comfort nd .happiness. Bands were playing at ioteryas, platformjhad been built , pro-jitio- i lmdniIng Childrens Fair cf Davis Stake, at Farmlngton Wedeneday 27th and 28(h; under the dlrrection of Mrs. Aurella S. Rogers, Preet. oHhe ' coiinty. IMrs. E.- - S. Clawson Prest. of P. A. Salt Lake Stake and her Counselor. Mies Julia Druce with thirty children from this city went to the Fair. were met at the Farming-- 2 up They ton depot by. (he Juvenile martial baud, who escorted them to the Court House where the Fair was held.- A great variety of useful and tasteful articles were on exhibition, the work of the little boys and girls; which showed their. InV dustry, tact "and skill, and gave "jprbmlf i cf much on Tuesday and " -- In DE9ERET HOSPITAL. Liberty Park was formally opened on Satur- day, June 17, with appropriate exercises The day was beeutiful, and quite a lengthy procession formed In fronts the City Hall and marched to Main Street ; thence down io bih Bovt itrt thence , east to the. street leading; to the center of the 1 Park, nd tllrectly south. Into the Par ir and vaWund the drive of the grand jetand.whtre the jjijeats dismounted City "Ofnc ' and took position's. The programme consisted of " . 