WOMAN'S1 EXPBNENT. 192 Book of Mormon, by Willie Knight Song, by Mary Romney, "Cling to me ever." Recitation, by". Maud and Lilly Potter, a humorous "Mornpiece. Recitation, by Isabella Romney, e Ida ing Prayer." Song, by Ida Savage, and Lenny Savage, "The unfinished Rhoda Jackson, "Sleep, 5 prayer." Recitation, by Dolly, sleep." Recitation, by Alice Reynolds, Scriptural, f&m the Juvenile Instructor. Song by the Association, "Love at Home." Addresses were then delivered by Sisters E. R. Snow Smith, Ellen C. Clawson, Louie Felt, Rachel R. Grant and Counselor Pusey, Bros. Lewis, Romney, Salmon, Richards and Simmons; all of which were very brief but interesting and instructive. The children were then treated to a sumptuous feast of cake, oranges and candy. The pleasant-affai- r winding up with a dance for the young folks. Altogether the children spent an San-som- enjoyable time. Corresponding Secretary. YEARLY REPORT Xf the 20th Ward Primary Association, from April 19th, 1881, to April IVth, We have neld forty-tw- o meetings during the e year. There are one hundred and forty-fivmembers enrolled; our average attendance is Our readings are from from the Book of Mormn, Doctrine and f!nvinn.nf.sL f.hft Uihle. and ihisfiellaneous read ings; total number for the year, one hundred M nnA rovfofinna nn o Ti nYirl rpr? nnrf fniirfppnf essays, sik; dialogues, songs, thirty-eighnumber of testimonies bornCM)j the and teen; the children, one hundred and fifteen; origan in boIos, two. The children take great often and3 not are learning unpreparedf ye meet every Thursday at '3 o' clock, tifaft the members are very punctual. We al way Receive good instructions' from our President and her Counselors, and the children generallw'pay very goodLafteELtion and are improvin'wAnddrfully. We are taught to be orderly, obez!ent w our paronts, to be truthful and to praoflewC We have a great desiretp go on implying. Financial Report: We ham a five cent fund organized for the benefitif theAssocia-tion- . Money recieved fromthe fund, $6.90. Disbursed $3.25., Cosh on h&d, 83.65. eighty-fivjpi&ninet- y. t; intert fx THE COFFIN JpAMILY. Editor Exponent: "l. very England has remained for so, grmt a length of time in a family retaining the. original name, about eight hundred years! On Entering the gateway, the drive through th$ half armin on a length, ,windlftg road overshadowing noble oaks. Atjjflmost every turn some new charm and fresh Aeauty is disclosed, until the lofdly mansion m cen. ''The butler Wccived us at the hall door. Our card3 .were taWen to J. R. Pine Cofiin. the hospitaV.c 0 ner and lord of the manor, who soon appc red and cordially welcomed us. I had previ .msly exchanged letters with him, con- l' cerning fmy proposed visit. Much to mv re- crret. I 'And nnt the rdpasure of meetinp the Fadr OW Pnrtledce: she havinc been suddenlv i C O ' of her mother. She to the death-beily spoken of as a most estimable lady, .the sister oi the late iiamain topeaKe, Our English cousin, J. le voyager. ine Uomn is a specimen oi an Jncflish He is fine and tleman and a Coffin! ile in physique, and leads one, cordially, m,; rn upiiii: jLiiiiin., liciiiat uuu must uuiiijiu in m, k; T3Z3- - 17 1 SALT LAKE CJTY. Special Departments for Genfs Clothing and Carpets, Ladtee' and Children's Shoes, Dry Good, Shawls and Domestics, Groceries, Hardware and Stores. DRIED FRUITS OF ALL CLASSES WANTED. a. p.naearly . TBi flIXEJI,. - WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DEALS US 1$ DRY GOODS, NOTIONS, GROCERIES; HEAVY & SHELF HARDWARE, GLASS & QUEENSW ARE, AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS, Ero, ; full-bloode- ti remark on the grand success of Uie held on Nantucket on 17th Island and 18th of August, thovl6th, the last 1881, being resting place of Tristram Coffin and his wife, Dionis, and the first of their SHOES & SLIPPERS, desirable best BOOTS, Also, full and . ' 371x1 o Qlioos, Tour Order aft SoIidteL GEO. ELLEN brands lines, 02xldxoxx's tbdn the TTest. IDTXIEriFOIRID- B. - FERGUSON, PHYSICIAN hUti SURGEON on Main Street, over Hardy Bros,, Store, Ojfflce Special Study has been given to Surgery, Diseases of Women, and Diseases of the NOSE, -- Of THROAT AND LUNGS, CK IiARGB ST JOHN A. Home Made Trunks for Sale by C. CITTLEK, Agent for the PllOVO WOOLEN WILLS, Old Constitution Unlldiur; also HOME MADE Cotton Uattlug, Browu Yarns, Wool Billing, White Yams, niankete, Flannels, Shawls, re-uni- on name in America. Two monuments )afe to be erected to their memory in honor of them; also a genealogical history is to be printed; and I feel to sustain the memorial by having each of my -- family join it, and contribute their means to it. One of 4y sons is on the committee, and has received a notice from Andrew G. Coffin, of New York, treasurer, 72 John street, to forward our subscription to the Coffin Testimonial Fund as enclosed in the circular. The arduous ancK protracted labors performed by him, by which the was made so grand a success, richly deserves recognition at the hands ' of the clan. I have received several papers from Prof. Selden J. Coffin, of Lafayette College, Easton, of the. celebration each Penn., giving-accoun- t and have obtained valuable records from, day; our noble English relative, and some valuable portraits in good preservation. All this ha3 given me delight and satisfaction. The history of the Coffin family, going so far back, will give some history and line of ancestry to many in this country, and the mountains. My son. and some of the family intended to have been at last August, but business prevented, the in are but hopes to be able to go. before to visit the beloved spot of bur kindredlong and ancestors. If this is printed, I will send" several papers to my beloved relatives and friends. Respectfully yours, N Of Salt Lako City and vicinity win find the LARGEST and li EST SELECTED STOCK of , .i: "One remark, iust before we started for our walk over the estate, was of personal interest to me, betraying, as it did, the independence of thought and action which every Uohin pos scssed when convinced of a ocood measure y Said he. 'You shall take some refreshment be fore we go, wilJ you have tea, coffee or cocoa? I am a teetotaller, 1 do not oner wine to my guests." This gentleman has ten children, forming a lovely group from Miriam, down to baby 'Dorothy who was in nurse's arms d excellent types of real Coffins," etc. XiAXI!S T DEE 323 ncnitohln And now I wan DP- Colored Crooma, AVaahboardg, Yarns,. Casdlmers, Tweeda, Llnscys, Jeans, Bnifihes, Etc, Etc PALACE OF FASHION, No. mes:;o. EAST TEMPLE ST 17 E. DYE, and Doslroe the Ladies of Salt Lake tlioee visltlny tboT' to call at bor Show Rooms and see ber.New Stock of MILU-NEUThe latest and mewt stylish modes of Hats and Bonnets, In Straw, Felt and Velvet. Also? a nice selection u In toe latest Y. Flowers, Feathers, Plushes, Velvet and Kibbons shades and stripes. ' Country Dealers, please Call-- jLadK Hair Work In all Its branches. Good Work Guaranteed I - F. AUBRBACH & BBO, re-uni- on Dear Friend: WilPvou allow me to express a few of my feeling through the columns of the Exponent, reginling my relatives and progeniiors, Dearira the name ol Coffin, and by thai means I rny more readily communicate with them? TIfrfcv hnvo. hern mnstassTduouslv sborchiqg oueenealo:ies. and in fretting up itie visira1 Uomn reunion, which has peen a . Ma?? Coffin Johnson, '.'lff-- our relatives , oi jDruujkiyu, mju in Portledge, England. Shj says:- "Portledge is few csUwes in one of the which 1.1. T d CECILIASHARP, 1 from a letter of Mrs. irratitudc MiwI mi proccdYtigg publicly, ' and show my reverence to ancestors. I 'am anxiously looking royrncj$ for. tns union is about to publish bootthatjthe exfensive re3pctfn this family, both lineal and ami know I cokiuUral, many here in the 7;juuuuuujj oi uiaii wiio wia rejoice witn mo W reacting it, ana will make use 01 the genealogies it will contain; and! take this mode of DubliclvXDressinfr mv feelinrrs imnn this snh-to each of the jecDndingjari Exponent a paper they I heaOOTytoions. sent ibetont&iiiiiifr account of our EuglisBllbrancli of the family; which I felt, as I read, was indeed ajlronoiito i;aad I felt my spirit inspired, as I reatJT'by the of these my English ancestorsof eight spirit "hundred years. I will here give" an extract -- rjted -- HAVE- TO THEIR REV CALL AND i&T STORE, fiOS. 124 & EXA MUTE Siirin and ftnmuicr Goods. . j TINNER, CAS WATER & STEAWIJTERB5Acent for RCMSEY'S celebratod PUMPS. Pumps llepalrod on Bbort noti too country promptly responded to. 'm tST Addra. David Jama. Ttrtr atlfl. S&t LOM tf, . re-uni- on Elmira Pinkham Tufts. Salt Lake City, Utah. G. Putman and Sons, have in press a volume hyEben G. Scott, on the of Constitutional Liberty in the"Developement English Colonies of America." jEx. HI J DINWO0DEY, ' ' f UKHJJBE, W BEOS. lfliEi!ltfsSES-fuTItfl- Bill S r 1 . 75, 77, & if'fr' M, .JlJ- Rrt . South L4XE GIT Jr M 1 . ( - 