WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 127 i.f. teries of some of our newly married friends: We find that in alout the fifth year of their married life, the wife begins to worry about five, bearing children. Three out of everywould say, "I'd be happy if I was just sure I not have any more children, but would rather die than have another child." The husband in sympathy for his wife, or in provocation denies himself, or seeks satisfaction elsewhere, and a change comes over the spirit of their dream of married happiness. Now, though I consider it injudicious to tell family secrets, yet am I forced to acknowledge to the Mormon wives that the cases cited are from real life ! "Shall we -continue in sinthat grace may abound ? God forbid. Happiness is to be desired, I think God intended and wishes that his children should be happy even here upon this earth. How shall that happiness be secured? Will Mormonism give it ? Let some Mormon woman be as honest as I have been, come out plainly, deal in facts and tell the true state of affairs there. Are you happy, Oh Women of Utah ? Some one has" said: ' Weak and timid minds are content to hold an opinion, and not hold its consequences. Strong and courageous minds push things to their conclusions." Now, women m Utah,-- I for one, am willing to push things to conclusions. The strong arm of the law is about to reach forth and take matters in hand, but while it settles the case Cannon vs. Campbell we can talk over our domestic affairs without disturbing anyone. Bring your knitting and come over to spend the afternoon and let's talk it over. Emily Scott. (Gentile.) present with us, and was very pleased with the exercises, etc. Sister Susannah Robinson made some appropriate remarks, and closed by asking God to bless us alL R. S., Y. L. M. L A. AND PRIMARY REPORTS, PLAIN CITY. Primary Association of Plain City held a Conference in the schoolhouse Dec. 24, 1881. Sister Susannah Robinson presiding. Singing, "In the chambers of the mountains." Prayer by Bishop Shurtliff. Singing, "Live for something." Minutes of the previous read and meeting accepted. Present on the stand, Sister Josephine West, President of P. A. Weber Stake, and her Counselors, and also Bishop Shurtliff and Counselors, of Plain City. Recitation by Caroline Peterson and Margaret Geddes, "What was witnessed in the heavens." Recitation by Patrina Folkman, "Saturday night." Song by Annie and Eliza Green, "Happy greeting to all." Recitation by Lewis Jenkins, "Joseph Smith's first prayer." Recitation by Annie Poulson, "Faith in God." Recitation by Orson Raymond, "I'm not too Recitation by Caroline Folkman, young." "Am I a soldier of the cross?" A dialogue was then recited by five jjirls and four boys, entitled ''The young missionary." Essay on "Love," by Orson Folkman. Recitation by Joseph Richardson, "The crucifixion of Christ." Recitation by Margaret Folkman, "There's millions in it. Recitation by Josephine Folk-ma;"On the raft." Recitation by Ezra Richardson, "Celestial Marriage." Song by n, Elenora Winger and Annie Lund, "I think when I read that sweet story of old." A dialogue was then recited by Samuel Eames and Joseph Folkman, "Mormontsm." Sisters West, Stanford and Canfield gave some very excellent instruction to the children. They were pleased with the exercises; said we were as far advanced as any other Association they had visited. Bishop Shurtliff then addressed the children. Said he was pleased to meet in the Conference of our little folks; could see ah improvement in the children since their organization; considered It a Stepping stone to other positions in thif Church; ws pleased to se our wateri - Members enrolled, 110. Conference was then adjourned for three months. Singing, "Now let us rejoice in the day of salvation." Benediction byvBrother Spires. Susannah Rfbinson, President, Charlotte Swinson and Trena Folkman, Counselors; Josephine Christenson, Secretary; Annie Green, Assistant Secretary. W A LLSBUKGr We have been favored with a visit from Sisters M. I. Home and E. Howard, and our Stake President R. S., Sister Emma Brown. The people convened at the Wallsburg school-- , house at C o'clock, p. m., Nov. 14, 1881. Meeting was opened with singing and prayer. Our President, Sister E. Clifton, introduced to the congregation Sister Home, who gave us some excellent counsel. Said she was pleased to see so many of the brethren present, so that they might be able to judge of the spirit of the sisters, and hear what we teach their wives and daughters. Spoke to the Secretaries about ieeping their books properly and being punctual in making correct reports. Encouiaged the sisters to be prompt in attending their meetings and faithful in teaching their children in the principles of truth, and governing their families with kindness and love. Spoke of the outside influence creeping in amongst us, and earnestly advised the boys and girls, to keep the Word of Wisdom, read useful books and try to cultivate their minds, instead .of strivifig to follow after the fashions of the world. Gave us much good instruction which was calculated to strengthen and elevate us. Sister E. Howard was pleased to sec so many at meeting this cold night, and hoped we would always be punctual in attending our meetings. Said the sisters worked too hard and did not their minds. devote time enough Appealed earnestly to the young boys; advised them to be orderly and quiet while in the louse of worship and while going to and from parties at night. Referred to the evil resulting from the use of whiskey and tobacco. Advised us to provide our children with suitable books to read, and make their homes pleasant. children in the mothers to teach-theways of virtue and goodness, and exhorted us to try and elevate ourselves in all things. Brother F. Kerby said he had listened with and great interest to the remarks of the sisters,Nut-tall said. felt to endorse all they had Bishop felt thankful to the sisters for visiting us; thanked them for the good couns( they had given us, and hoped we would profit by the En-treat- ed ir - 1 same. The "following morning, at 9 o'clock, the sisters held a meeting with the Young Ladies' and Primary Associations. Spoke very encouragingly to the children, and gave the young ladies some excellent advice. By request of our Bishop the Young Ladies Association was reorganized; officers : Airs. Martha E. Timothy, President; Miss Ada Glenn and Mrs. Martha Nuttall, Counselors; Mrs. Zorah Glenn, Secretary; Mrs. Martha Parcell, Assistant Secretary; Airs. Martha A. Cook, Treasurer. The sistsrs of Wallsburg have built a good .substantial lumber granary, 10x12, with good bins and double floor, cost forty one .dollars; built bv donations. We have received on donabushels of wheat, tions this season twenty-fou- r making in all 168. Ever praying for the welfare of Zion, wo remain your sUtera in the Gospel of truth, -- Elizabeth Clifton, Prcs't. Sarah Glenn, Sec'y. Dear Editor The first Annual Meeting of th Glasgow and Piirkhead R. S., was held at 15 Jr ' ' Moir Street Glasgow, Scotland on the 19th, Dec. 1881, of which we submit a report for your inspection, hoping that you may favor us with a few word$ of counsel towards the ar' rangement of the Society, as it M the first that has been successful in Glasgow. And we ten-dour sincere thanks to Elder David C. Dunbar for his energy, patience, and wise counsel given during the commencement of our organization. The following is a statistical and financial 4 report. Organized by Elder David C. Dunbar, with ister-FlorCrawford JBresidenU-Siste- rs S Jane. Wilson and Flora Picken 1st and 2d Counselors; Sister Franeilda Burnside Secretary, Sister Jane Wilson Treasurer; and eight members enrolled; since then six members have been added: five have emigranted to Utah leaving a total of thirteen members and officers. The money collected during the year amounted to The amount distributed to the poor, leaving a balance on hand of Francilda Burnside Sec'y. ; er a- $, 5-3-- 0J. 9; A SURPRISE" PARTY. Thursday Jan. 5th, a number of the ladies of the Relief Society with the Bishop and his Counselors, met at the residence of our respected President Elizabeth Fox, on the occasion of her 57th birthday. By a previous arrangement she haoT Tbeen called out to a neighbor's and on her return home found the house filled with guests. After some music and singing she was ushered into the dining room where a sumptous repast prepared by the willing hands of the sisters was partaken of by all. After supper Counselor Mary Hawks, in behalf of the sisters, in an appropriate speech presented our President with a handsomely framed picture of the First Presidency and the Twelve Apostles of the Church, bister Fox made a short but feeling response. A Poem composed for the occasion by Sister Claria Nash was then read. Speeches, singing, musc. and recitations were indulged in, until a late hour when the company dispersed feeling they had enjoyed a very agreeable time. Ever wishing success to the Exponent, Minnie Hatch, Sec'y. Nellie Parkinson Assit. Sec'y. Franklin, Idaho, Jan, 9th, 1882. OUR GUARDIAN ANGELS. Angels ever hover round you, Guarding every Step of life ; Tiwy who've lived on earth before you, Fought life's battle, conquered Btrife. They whose thoughts are pure and holy Strive to fill your minds with light, Knowing naught but good can. follow Those who live a righteous life. Angel forms unseen surround you, Guard your steps where'er you stray; They will watch, protect and guide you, Till from earth you pass away. When your mortal life is ended, And your splrlJUkes Its flight, They will leadyou up nnd onward, To a purer, higher life, "Are they not all ministering spirits, sent forth to minister for them who shall be heirs of salvation ? " Hcb., 1st chap., 14th verse. "Oh, what an unspeakable blessing is the ministry of angels to mortal man! What a pleasing thought, that many who minister to. us, and watch over us, are our near kindredp our fathers who have died and risen again in a rroa onH who watch over their descend- ants with all the parental care and solicitude which characterize affectionate fathers and. mothers on the earth." Key to Theology. Ann Fellows. 