WHWijOr . t r-- 1 now 1 tlk, L'xitle, iullMul on :rf; - 1 An! that ! (clt thy. iJrJl blend withmine, ':," .A fcidred riVulctsidgette'r rw-f--: 'Or tfitier tranche VomidcachDicr twine, - :':.7 . -' I : -- place and vex ' tion." ! - - T- : know-wheth- er . . l . " " . Mormonism' or anyotherdoctrine-tha- n Alexander Campbell preaches) let him be V accursed." : The Methodists, the Baptists, and all the 7- . e, jpreached it) to every creature." ypell or an angel from heaven preach we, lhough ' " L J ; r- - - ( tj. migWota rthatney - the religious faith I want. Where shall I find it? The songs of the birds give me exquisite joy, fill "my soul with loving pleasure- ,- but I would not have a pet bird in a cage have its cage to clean, and the care and worry every time I went from home, fearing I had forgotten " to give sufficient food and drink. Neither do IjantApet-religio- nr It 13 neither useful nor orn am ental. i: Religion should like the forest song-bird- s -- mako us look up7fill"our souls, hearts and lives with melody, thankfulness and love. My heart goes out to you Mormon women with love. I do not I could believe just us you do on many points, and if you make a point of the differ ence, I shall have to do asJUlojvitJLthe esMfeTKeep still, and wonder if I am so much in the wrong, and why my faith will not cling to the texts to which they fasten their hopes of future happiness. "Mary F. says again: "We do not feel as those who are not . of our faith, because we know if our children are faithful to the laws laid down in this Church for the guidance of the Saints, they will be saved from the sins and corrup' M tions of the outside world." then-if: ives If my children regulate Yes, by the New Testament, and the statutes of Ohio, they will be saved from sin and corruption too, but will they so regulate their lives, or will they be wicked and be vexed, with a sore vexation ? Hoping the ladies of whom I havo spoken will take my words kindly, as they are meant, and will write to me agaiu, through the Exponent be a Phillip to the seeking, earnest eunuch and explain unto me the doctrines of the "peculiar people" the Mormons. 1 remain with kindest regards to al V - . : C " ancljrea.ch,-thegospel--a3- ; HUgU 1 bllVlUUJ 7 My heart -H- L, of joy and gratitude to my e privilege of spending the last twelve years of my life in that holy order of marriage. , Jane Co wax. is full for-th- eayenly-Father MARY ISABELLA 1 V EPRESENTATIVE-WOMANr- Z IIOKNE. Continued. -- : T-- - -- " world . -- W03 Revelator, sees the ; Jerusalem. with twelve gates, and city the their names were written thereon, and if you ia.v emme ot woman's "ilXFosEsx, you f the happiness of . will find strong testimony-owomen livin? in plurality; and ifvou were well acquainted with, that naDer vou would find that Mormon women went to President Hayes, in the nauie of all the Mormon women of. Utah, 1 prospeTTp'In our l)Td copy books we used to TIhavetI5Be virtuTTU3andy otrwill" be Happy." Honesty is the best policv" etc. Now- - I should have them read: "Be happy and you will be virtuous." "Policy is the best honesty." Happiness i3 the soul, the quintessence of my religion.- - Let no future punishment, no vexation come into it. I expect to go to heaven "on flowery beds of ease," religiously speaking. When a storm cornea up and wind, thunder and lightning are scaring most children, mine say: "We're not afraid, Ma is here." That is . 1 hidin. : : plura- lAhi she Zj - tlearthh twdreoiohnlhe New . ihei&ediihmte''' ;. 7pver.t4jrovokesrrie:tQ3ee- LULA. - his blss- sed all - theBatioii3:of we filial: her grandson: with iowivand:tHej.- that theiFTreignaili wilLcom&-Sutof wholiyln very old the Lord told her that m her wicked prDipsr-a-i . very nearsighted have very defective eyes which many of my friends consider a erreat ' n not trouble me atlliction: J3ut lUloes ,''.'"." asT see a crreat deal-an- y wav: but sometimes "it annoys me, especially of an eveningr when 'tis mudcly, a3 1 step on what I suppose is a stepping stone and put my foot over shoe-to- p into mud been water. have or I laughed at and annoyed ' often by such happenings. '.'.L'i Now perhaps I am religiously a bit ncar Righted .too, for.just su eh things "happen to me in groping my way along the religious patL When twelve years of age I "believed and was baptized," believed because my parents and relatives did, and was baptized for the same reason. I never believed really: was conceived ; in faith, brought forth in repentance, and raised on baptism. Was reared as strictly in the l : 1 L 1 ' ..T1 asjumjwjis-jnarisee;-ancr- g uuurcxi .il along to walk alone, reli voun Tnely.while.-to- o giously, but as I grew older my defective religious eyesight began to cause me. to step on imaginary stones, and I am continually getting into the mud. Now, Mormonism appeared to mo to be a safe stepping stoneI wasTnot quite sure, so stepped cautiously put my foot down very carefully. Am I in the mud, likely to get my death of cold by wet feet ? Mary Ann Pratt said in her last kind letter: "Perhaps you might believe in the book called 'The Book of Mormon' if you should read it3 contents." I havo read considerably in the Book of Mormon, but could not understand it. But I thought " Well, I'll read 'The Book of Mormon' again." Not with prejudice, but with a sincere desire to learn, so took it down from the book-casand read till I came to second of ''Jacob," page 118, then-clo- sed chapter the book saying: "Pshaw ! mud again up ' to my ankles." 7 The passages of Scripture the lady recited and referred to, are as familiar to my mind as the alphabet. - If she has ever listened to Camp-ellit- e preaching she will believe me, for those scriptures are part of their very forcible arguments, and to them mean, "Go ye into all the m .'. -- zxz-vreTtf- I I hope that jou, and the many kind friends who have replied to my letters, will not think less of me if I own to a physical defect I am . ae the sreat 2&rmill;s'sticrS1t7J" teat orderTand'afWr 'i and: rrplg-x- s ; iseiTESfl-fizzisa- iZjgLui& ! So there Pm in the mud aganifor...that wicked" irwhtl makes me bitter vxing-4h- e and unhappy; for religiously "the wicked' m- ciude3 all who ditler from the Church. fmd.no comfort ora joy in the thought .of vexing others with a sore vexation.- - Why not prevent the wickedness ? I should, had the . MRS SCOTT SPEAKS! AGAIN. . atlpiin :t.Vj'i -- Theve ' . yoni, for "we" knbw -- My baby girls I Bay havo you teen them yet ; My precious lambs, eo loving and eo sweet! Editor Woman's Exponent: to afTect'-Ug txAX&wbfd fan- my ehort,;that God : Eliza I Oh how joyfully you met. That bright young 6istert eager ilrst to greet! ,:. not - it. does " 4 t .i 9 I . oertaialy-kMppkr;':.- vJull'of njTUXtmU dQc For thou Wert good and innocent and pare. And thou art jjoi.m; unto the dearest, place I know, or think, or tear of, anywhere; dosing my eyes I often seem to trace Tho outlines of our many loved ones there. I almost kear you tenderly respond, And listen breathlessly, but ah, 'ti3 gone I'm here, you're lii the "beautiful beyond.1 we do for. you would happy, ;Thjmory,fcha 1 E iff;- P-;0- n X ar ah.' ' Vtn fclid FE T Emily Scott. ::iiln December i877i anojherhp ferred upon frs. Ilorne. She was chosen to preside over the Relief Society in this Stake of Zion. "Sister Eliza" proposed her name, and the matter was ferred to the presiding auth-orities of the Church, and also to Pres. A. M. Gannon, ot- this btake.- - At-- a - special meeting Mr3. Ilorne wa3 unanimously sustained to nre- side in that capacity, .She chose for Jier Coun-selorElmina S. Taylor and Sarepta JIHey-.wood- f since that time her Second Counselor has died, and Helen Mar Whitney was selected to fill, the position. V She has' labored faithfully among the Relict : L - s, S6cietiesiLthi3-kell-- a "oTlhe" Territory. Her name is held in high esteem as a mother in Israel. - 7 : . : -- r At a Primary meeting in July 1878, Mrs. Home was chosen as one of the delegates to tho County Convention, from the precinct in which This was a new movement in politics, as previous to this, although women had voted ehrht years, none had ever been called , upon to work practically in this.direc- A l'. ... Tir il... i iuu couveuuon I'll. nuii. loiiowmg, 4iirs Home wa3 appointed on the committee for nomination, and she performed her duties as efficiently as any of the gentlemen of the committee. After the nominations had beui sustained, it was proposed by one of the Iadie3 - - - present that some ladies beliJded to the Central Committee. A vote was taken the propos- ition accepted, and three ladies were added to the committee. Mrs. IIorne wa3 one of the three. Thus step by step, she has advanced in the progressive movements that have been made, and still maintained womanly dignity. Since that time she has frequently acted in political matters, and shown herself quite equal to the occasion. Her duties tit "home as a wife and mother are not few, but she is so method- ical and orderly as to"economize time as well as -means. She has always been a fine needlewoman, and fond of embroidery and fancy work-,she resides. : . . T T ; - -- ADVICE TO MRS. SCOTT. ' Answer to letter in No. 1G of the Woman's Exponent headed, "Some. Facts." :. TfTnTe rrood is to be happy. Is there any llnntr- in Mormonism that is not cood ? Positivoj good" comparative better, superlative best. 1 tninK the uest tmng ior you, is 10 vwuiuw w first principles of the Gospel, by being baptized ill by one having authority, and then you y, do know for "yourself- the gills and blessings . - - . -- .anbyvlBgl dainty little things of this sort, she has made her home ornaments and her house, is filled with theTwork7 of her own hands. Her daughters follow in the mother's footsteps, and those who are married seem as practical and orderly as need be fbr domestic happiness, and well-bein- g of the family and home. - - t- r- - 