' WOMtf'S EI POIEIT The Rights oMh Vol. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, JUNE 1, 1882. 11. APPRECtATfl To Mik E. B. i Tho Editor, tho Treacher and tho Must be roe b be indeed; f.nt dare to help tho riffht musBaim low it; Mast make tho trnth their cred. Mast speak their mlud, mu6ttoany Must weigh their words nj decry; mxu .uu uiust xiupi Of truth and justice too Must, alb iiio murK, J . jers-liigb,- - M kinditeYeacon fires On freedom's heighta-mii- M That all the light tnay-fSecMast thrill humanity, with stfii desires, That all may nobler 'colors la dismay NVer. must they lowoi tri Or wear a mean diwruii lickest of tho fray, No'cr, nsast they shwtt lies. For there, their I'rincea, and prefl tfbid kings endeavor late; To gdide tho io preachers ever The editors, the Bear tip the eight. an outcast people nds whosoe'e And orld his foes; Makes all nman strength he needs, to equal And more must oppose. The i hath its compensation, Bat ?er ust win the crown; The c i And all orkihg out their own salvation, p tne trampiea aown. ho would be greater than his brother, of all must be; ." ; rejoice, to benefit another s ability. AM Happy must they be, or man or woman lest with the mind, th6 might ttfi. uu tsuuiauruui t curc u 1uuiuau 7M uc love; iy iui To help, whatever is right. Such is your lot; to cheer and comfort others; Nor should von have to ask : The staunch support, of sisters or of brothers To aid your needful task. Is it utt fit, that those who toll to bless us Who, like the working bee For others gather up, the sheets most precious, Should have onr sympathy ? Many a mortal, bowed with care lo sadncss-Unequ- al oft would prove To useful effort, but for thanks and gladness-Recei- ved from friends they love. And this is our desire, t6 cheer your spirit; To yield you honor too; To shew appreciation unto merit, For this 'lis right to do. To help us all, has been your true endeavor, h Sacred you've held your trust, And hence, we hope you will be Strengthcn'd ever, To aid the causa most just. And may you still, "tho Mighty One" rely on, To guide and crown your aim, And still may many honest hearts in 'Aon ' ITava cause to bless your name. , 1 m 1 Women of Zion, and the Rights of the Women of all Nations. 1 l . EMIJ.T FIlLI. W00DMA5SKE. A REPRESENTATIVE WOMAN. MARY ISABELLA HORXE. Mrs. Home' early married, life wa3 serene and happr. The young couple were d ana worked together harmoniously, the wife reforming the duties of a young farmer's wife, just starting out in life, without considering it a burden; no douht lore lightened labor, for die hadnot been accustomed to milking, and the various duties of a farm-housbut she sought with a good will1 to ' make - her home a well-mate- e, pleasant one to her husband and to work for their mutual interest. Only about one month of their wedded life had passed, when they heard a rumor that a man professing to be sent of God to preach to the people, would hold a meeting about a mile distant. Mr. and Mrs. Home decided to attend this meeting, and there they (first heard the sound of the everlasting Gospel, its sacred truths proclaimed by Elder Orson Pratt; they were pleased with his sermon, but little knew what would follow, how the whole course of their lives would be changed by receiving this great light. Another meeting was appointed at which Elder Orson Pratt stated that his brother, Elder Parley P. Pratt, would preach Mrs. Home invited her father and he consented to go; when the time came he not only fulfilled his promise to attend, but took all his family with him. Mrs. Home was greatly impressed, and being conversant with the Bible could well appreciate the arguments Elder Pratt used. He told them that an angel had appeared to Joseph Smith and restored the Gospel in its fulness. Mrs. Home's father was delighted with the glad tidings and immediately left the Methodist Church and attended the Mormon meetings altogether, and, in short, himself and family were all baptized. It created quite a commotion among the Methodists, and every argument possible was used by the ministers and to dissuade him and other members of the family from accepting "ijje delusion,-Mrs Home was baptized in July, 1836, by Elder Orson "Hyde, and ever afterwards her house Was a home for the Elders and a place where meetings were held. Mrs, Home's first children wero twins, a girT and a boy; the latter only lived a few hours. We mention this as an instance, which will be. referred to again in connection with others of a similar nature. Infthe latter part of the Summer of, 1837, she first saw the Prophet Joseph, also Sidney Rig-do- n and Thomas B. Marsh. Mrs. Home possesses a great degree of reverence for that which is sacred, and when she beheld the Prophet she rejoiced as tvomen of old did,thanking God for the privilege and that the desire of her girlish heart, to associate with prophets and apostles, was gratified. She says, "On shaking handv with Joseph Smith I received the Holy Spirit in such great abundance that I felt it thrill my whole system from the crown of my head to the soles of my feet. I had never beheld so lovely a countenance; nobility and goodness were in My husband and I accomevery feature. panied the brethren in their visits to the different branches of the Church then existing as business called him away. class-leade- No. 1. ly, and with a small company of Saints started for the land of Zion, the gathering place for tho people of God. The roads were very bad at this season of the year and consequently the young husband walked most of the time, Mrs. Home driving the team herself. Their faith never wavered, but increased day by day. At Huntsville, about one hundred miles from Far West, the little company of emigrants stopped for a few months. At this place there were several families of the Saints. Mrs. Home was here introduced to the parents of the Prophet, Father and Mother Smith. Father Smith was the Patriarch of the Church, and under his hands Mrs. Home received a patriarchal blessing, which gave her much comfort, although he told her that she would have to pass through distressing, scenes oi afiliction, sickness, sorrow and tribulation; but gave her a promise that tho Lord would bring her safely through; which she says has been verily fulfilled. At this place, Huntsville, on the 24th of July, shortly after having completed this long journey in a wagon, and: driving her own team much of the way, Mrs.. Home had a son born to her. Her circumstances and surroundings were very different to what she had anticipated in bearing a family,, but her courage was equal to the emergency,, her heart was brave and her faith in God was. strong and enduring. To be Continued. , . rs in Canada." The testimony Mrs. Home has given here concerning her feelings .when she first met Joseph Smith, has been corroborated by hundreds of others, who have solemnly declared that they never had such peculiar emotions when meeting any other person, as they experienced on meeting the Prophet and shaking hands with him. This may be looked upon as a testimony that he was called of God and endowed with superior power. The Saint3 who had gathered ta Kirtland were about moving to Missouri; and in the Spring of 1838, in the month of March, while the weather was cold and disagreeable, Mr. and Mrs. Home bade farewell to their Home, where they hid expected to remain permanent . SCENES AND INCIDENTS IN NAUVOO. .BY UELEN MAR WHITNEY". I will now begin where I left oft My father, Brigham Young, George A. Smith and Amaea Lyman were on missions preaching in the southern part of Illinois. The following extracts are from a letter written by my mother, to father; it is dated: Nauvoo, Oct 16th, 1842. She says: "We still enjoy 'a comfortable degree of health, though in the midst of sickness and death. Sister Winchester told mo she-safour coffins carried by her house yesterday,; in one wagon there are more or less buried everyday, inmost every family on the disputed land are sick withf a fever. Helen, watched last night where then were seven in one family all sickthe "woman nigh unto; i death. "Sister Marinda Hyde is sick with chills and fever. ' Brother Joseph and Emma were sick , when Bro. Brigham left. Emma5' was brought; down nigh unto death; Bro. Joseph despaired of her life, he mourned over her and refused to be comforted. But the Lord has spared her life and she is now able to ride out. . Joseph was obliged to leave her before she was able to sit up. He has left the place, r I don't know where he is, but suffice it to say they hear from him occasionally, and all w welL ' "You mentioned my meeting you on your return home;! I shall bo happy to dp so if will admit. . "Our good friend 8. (Sarah, father's other wife) is as ever, and we are one. You said I must tell you all my feelings; but if I were to tell you that I sometimes felt tempted afid "tried and feel as though my burden was greater than I could bear, it would onlr be a source of sorrow to you, and the Lord knows hat I do not wish to add one sorrow to your heirVfbr be assured, my dear Heber that I do not love you any the ' less for what has transpired, . w - cir-c4rastan- i -- ; "4 