SV 5pprrTi homa Editor. YffEIJLS, a. V. Salt Lake City BUhf OCTOBER 15, 15S2. ; Thursday mornmgj y Territories, that were mere repxescaicu, .were called In alphabetical order. and Consequently Utah, came neir the last,com- it was" almost tim? to adjourn, but after, to save time mencing to make a verbal report mpTetFwrTtten one ofthe ladies -The' report written report had been prepared. : was called for both from the platform and from - the audience, and jit was voted that It should be given in full. It was exceedingly well received, n fact said to be the most perfect reprrt'and best presentedrZiz.- cMisiderahle tiine was ... taken up in discussing the slauuers oi me Omaha Herald." Mr3. Saxon of Louisisnn, and Miss Couzens of Bt. Louis, were brilliantly Mrs. eloquent on the subject- In defending Qougar and Mrs. Bewail of Indiana, agilnst the base fabrications and insinuations of the Herald editor. After aU this world of word which were choice and positive, Mr. Bewail came to the front and eald she should never have thought of taking up the subject, although she was much obliged to her good friends for so cordially and ably espousing her cause, but for her own part she could not understand the. dialect In which It was written. It was conrequently un intelligible to her and fell harmless as far as sue was concerned. Pure minded, high bred people would not understand the language of the artl and - therefore she had no fear cf it. The JbriefLspeech was scathing and had aTnoro-tell-. the ebqience of the ladioi ing effect tharf-a- ll who defended her. Mrs. Bhattuckor msion was the first regular speaker. The evening session was the most crowdeJ cf all, there was not even itanding room left anywhere in the Opera House. The resolutions were read and approved. At half past nine the reception opened at the parbrs of the Paxton. Everything had teen arranged in elegant style, and the conversation was kept up until a late hour, though many retired as fcoon as they had paid their devoirs, to Miss Anthony, Miss Couzens and the leading ladles. To attempt a dzecrlption of the aflair would take too much ti me, euffl ee it to siy, it passed irT pleasantly, most of the time bsing taken up with introductions, to people one never expects to meet again, and knows nothing of them except the nme and perchance title. Good byes were in order at the close, and many hiase3 were interchanged and tears dropped In " the foEd heartfelt adieu x.-- --- 3J. Committee pn dominations. These several committees Included one at least from every Stale or Territory represented at the Convention. The ladles talked oyer the neces-- .. sity cf having a regular medium of communication through the press, which the Association had not had since the National Citizen of Syracuse, N. Y., was discontinued. After some amiable discussion of the matter, a vote was taken to make "Our, Herald" the medium of such cammunlcatlon. This Is alresdy a very popular in per, and will no doubt more than double its circulation now that it is to contain complete details of the work of tha N. W. 8. A. Its editor, Mrs. Helen M. Gougar la a ebarp, shrewd, bright, intelligent lady, and on the platform witty, brilliant and Eparkllng, holding, the undivided" attention "cf "her audiences, jand-the- y never tire of her interesting themes and apt Illustrations. She speaks much in the open air, which Is rather uncommon for a lady, and has by this means accomplished a good work in Nebrakn, during the present campaign, taking In another class of men and winning many over to the" cause, who otherwise? would never have . 'heard woman'arlllosUion explained, Is It a or ever given thought. There no doubt but she will mako the paper very useful In the cause of woman'j suffrage as indeed it has been heretofore, though perhaps not so exclusively. Tuesday evening, half past 7, the Convention was formally opened, with prayer by the Rev. Mr. Bberrlll, Congregational minister atOmahaT Then fallowed a written address of welcome by the Hon. A. J. Peppleton of that city, but unfortunately for him the light was not sufficiont to admit of hla reading It, but it was published ; in the morning paper. Mrs. May Wright Bewail of Indiana, , Mrs. Helen M. Gougarand Miss Anthony v. ere the speakers and everybody was delighted; the large opera hcuee was crowded and the applause occa&Ionaly was immense. Wednesday morning, half past ten, was an executivo session, Mrs. Bewail; Chairman, Miss Peail Adami was chosen Becretary, and almost the entire time was devoted from Ahe , diiicrentjocalilies in Nebraska. Boose other business. wa3 transacted and meeting adjourned until, p.m , at that time the house wai full In every parr, ana mo auaienco mo6tattentive 1 . -- rts Miss AnMi'snsanBrThonypresldg Is looked to by the suffrage ladies, as up thony a reverend mother, and she has a klndjword anilpidvlce-for- 7 jn the largest tense cf tho word; she has devoted ' 61Iarrrzr " TiiE Territorial Convention of the People's ;5Party convened In the City Hall, Monday, Oct. A temporary organization wis 9, at 12 m. eftectcd and a committee on credentials appointed, f ome rolil leal speech es were made and an ...adjourn men t agreed upon to ThurEday,Oct. l2; at 2 p. m. At that Ume a permanent organf2a was eflec'ed and other commll tees appointed," and adjourned io 'half v past p. m. During the evening Feeslcn several speeches were made -and Mrs. M. I. Home being called upon, ina most happy manner. Convention held two sessions on Friday and CnJshed up the business in a very eat'sfactcry manner. The Comhilltee on .Resolutions made an excellent report, and the Convention decided that 20,0430 cop!es te printed end distributed. After di? cursing and voting, etc., Hln. John T. Caine received the nomination as candidate for the . ofllce cf Delegate, end made a very excellent f pecch in response to a call from the House. c C. W. Penrose offered the following: ir -Rtyclvcdj That in the Hon. Goo. Cennon the people cf Utah hive had an able, upright " gentleman as their Delegate In Congress for fievecalceirThat hla exclusion from the present Congress was a cruel blow aimed at the ' right of repiesentalion; that the honorable gentleman has the confidence, esteem and admiration cf the People's Party, fend that we hereby tender him f the thanks of the people for his. faithful services in their behalf. In electing the Ter. Cen. Com., the ladles were negltcted or forgotten, but after the Reso" lutions were offered, Mr. Penrose thinking it inconsistent with the plankin the platform relat" ing to woman Euffrage, moved that tho lady delegates bo permitted to nominate two ladles. Accordingly the names of Mrs. E. 13. Wells aod - Mrs. M. I. Hcrne were added to the committee. We regret that w e have not space to publish the resolutions but intend doing so and hope our readers will read them carefully, for theyiaro all consideration. - ' - ed -- -- -- pa"gos, . the - wenfy 1 . ffrm rry T?fi Aliit innfl. -- . Report cf Women's Conferences Salt Lake, Utah and Tooele Stakes are held over till next issue, also the continuation of- - "A Representative Woman;"and several other Interesting ''. articles. COREILCTIONI ' In VOiIAJi "S EXPONENT bf October 1, No. 9, In the article entitled Scenes and Incidents in the daterof July 8, 1S1I, which should be June 8, 1811; the other Gen. Wm, Law which should read Gen. Wilson Law. -- - and-fearle- - Wf-rth- IN ME MORIAM. " In the midst of life we aro In death! Anotbcr departed! One whom we had vainly hoped to keep with us longer. And although we realize her ameliorated condition,we feel so dscply the want of her angelic presence, her beloved society, "Which was ever like the perfumed flower, Dispensing sweets throcgh r.i:'. - '' every hour." of Clara Young Conrad was born in the State 1550. Iowa, Pottawotomle County, July 30th, new -- She was Indeed a child of faith, born in the covenant, the daughter of the late President4 Barn-Joseph Yoang, and Sla terMary . Ann , ever ham" Young hW mother a plural wife, patient and enduring, trustful and h0&1 .througk all trying scenes of the early tablT ment f thia Gospel and promulgation of tne .noble spirit has HOME AFFAIRS. y mak a the volume still more valuable. We": think thesd brethren : deserve great cred t7or the adaptabiH ty of the book for wjihh Jt Js designed, and alo . to be u?ed the")erfection of the subjects. It la for' sale '. at the Office of thepeseret News - Price cne staedraco The first meeting was a preliminary one held In the parlors of Boyd's Opera House, at 2 o'clock p. m., Tuesday, Sept. 26. Ch. Ex. Com. May Wright Bewail, presiding". It "was decided at this meeting what comml ttees should be ap-pointed an d of whom ihefjhpj oonaiat. eTTHDdmmTttee Credentials. rtTVifrMf Executive fession. - , CONVENTIONS 0A- - man of P.., was the first speaker. grt-atl- aidJitotoAi: " FubUaher Womah's ILrFOirwr, SALT LAKE CITY , m!7 y our nvxi In th!s Kue and seme otht rs will be In of the : issue there was another regulir session wj'ttXnagcaj .OTTtBrnidtyM"ZXiL who wUh la obtain knowledge ot the jlnclple and doctrluei of the Litter-diBalutj will be jkUttd .:jd:th Itx tn work of vatlg ttjn by "Campnd iumn Issued froru of tha Doseret Newc.:'. the pJrv.?4 Juit It has been carefuUy prepared fot publication by Apostle JPV'D.;'.'Iliohants ; kittle; and If a thbrcu jli and cpmplete work of ita kind. It should be In eyjJtiousehold and"fn Uierket o missionary foTref. crence. The jChjpjiojgy yr so jr, 10. and thau-iyrtyr- Justly meritea, - Addr deeTha in full were delivered, cn. of vhieh we public PuUishfid aeinteiiantlJy, ta Salt Lake Uty, UUh S3. 00; one copy abr montia Terms: Om copy one the price of nine. AdvertlalEs; $1.00 Tea copies for ' of nonpareil fpac, one ten lines, Each rtteei square, A liber! dlsoonnt to 00. time, $150: per montli, $3. v regular adYertlsers. : Exponent Office, Lowe -- Com 'vrst ) cm: 1Skp1 of It to a women,- -' rrincipltQ the wtk of elraUon:fcr of the and shte I receiving at thl Ut day tome THE WOMN'S EXPOXENT. EMHELI5E B. OMAN'S EX PONKNT. : - 'r ss 