W OM AN'S EX 166 HONOR TO WHOM HONOR IS DUE. The Young Ladles Association of Sugar Hour o Ward met at the residence of our President, INIrs. Harriet A. Hardy on the 8th, of March for the purpose of celebrating the 54th anniversary ot her birthday. The following gifts were presented to her as tokens of appreciation and love by the members. A bouquet of zephyr flowers, an Autograph Album with the autographs of all the members of the Association, a painting by a young la3y 15 years old, an elegant birthday cake made by three of the young ladies, some poetry was read which had been composed for the occasion by Miss Lillie Hansen. A bountifu 1 repast was prepared by the young ladies, and the afternoon was spent in delightful, social intercourse; all joining In wishing our beloved President many happy returns of the day. Riioda Habdy, Sec'y. R. S., Y. L. M. I. A. AND PRIMARY REPORTS. Dear Sister Wells: The Conference ol the Relief Society of Weber Stake of Zion, was held in!the Ogden Tabernacle on March the 9th. Thought you would perhaps like to know a little of wnat was done and said on that day. Wo missed Hhe presence of Sister Snow and yourself very much, but although you were both absent you were not forgotten, and had the love, faith and prayers of all the brethren and sisters at this time. I will try and tell you?a little, becanse you know it would be dif-ficult in a short letter to begin to tell of the many great and glorious principles that the Saints of the Most High, have to talk of. The subjects being various, and many, and as a general tiling they do not while speaking in a meeting of th'13 kind confine their thoughts to one particular subject. The Conference was conducted by Fnxldeni, Jan SL IKohardj, commenced by singing, prayer by Bishop Joseph M. Harris. Minutes of the previous meeting read and accepted, also the reports, 17 in number. President Richards addressed the congregation, spoke of tho duty of Saints, thought whatsoever was a duty, whether great or small, should also bo a pleasure to be performed by us as a people Thought it would be wise to meet oftener together, by so doing we would enjoy the Spirit of the Lord to a still greater extent than we now do, and that we would be more united; to be a great and good people we must have the spirit ofelove and unity in our midst, for wo know not how many may be the trials and temptations we may have to endure for our religion. Spoke of the blessing that even trials sometimes were to us; also of the little things of life. Prayed the Lord to bless and sustain us all in doing good. Counselor Hattio Brown. Desired to respond to call made of her,t!rought that in doing ourevery duty we would find great pleasure. Spoke of ignorance, felt, that no true Saint could be ignorant, having bo many good books to read, and hear ingso many great and noblo thoughts from some of the best and noblest of men. Thought we shouM pray for one another, and through .faith build each other up, and not pulldown. Counselor Sarah J. Hcrrick, was pleased to see so manjrm attendance, from throughout the County, it being very stormy weather,it showed that they were alivo to their duties, and God would bless and pour his Holy Spirit upon them, that they would better realize the blessings and goodenss of a loving Father to them. B felt to the Lord for his goodness to tho Saints; praise knew the ?P,a? ?f hfe on thls 81(Q tho vale was short and life s journey full of trials and still we have very many pleasures; temptations, it is a pleasure to be surrounded by friends, by those whom Weteel with us. we love, and are T4n4nA pwn in sorrow, and can look up and that like the praise and sing to God, thought three Nephites of old, a great deal of our sorof the world, felt row, shoud be for the wicked the Saints took pleasure in pushing forward in all pertaining to the kigndom of God; in co-work- things sunshine or rain, and those having the Spirit of God dwelling in their hearts were indeed happy; Lord from other they can tell the Spirit of the to their spirits; it will whisper peace, and joy souls, and take away hatred, strife, malice, and all evil from their hearts; their whole desire being to do good. Said that if we followed the Spirit of the Lord, all would be well with us, that it would lead us in good paths. He dwelt at some length upon the stage of life, doing good, etc. The meeting adjourned, with, singing and benediction .The afternoon meeting commenced as usual, with singing and prayer. The Presidents of the various societies reported verbally, all being in a prosperous condition, the members all feeling to rejoice in the blessings they received through the goodness of God. Bishop Robert McQuarie, felt interested in the Relief Society, knew the work to bo immense, and of great value; it was not the work of the world, but the work of God; and that those who tried in any way to overthrow it, are measuring arms with the Almighty, and they would find sooner or later, that there is a fear-fu- ll odds against them; for this work will continue to roll until it fills the whole earth, and that our enemies will only do what the Lord will let them; they would like to bring us into bondage, but they will not be able to do it for the Lord is on our side. Thought the Saints in majority were growing nearer to God every dav. there are some drones' in our midst, vou will find them everywhere for there are many .1?" TT il !il no religion wun in:,, inem. no spoise upon many subjects of interest to us as a people. The Conference adjourned for three months. Sang, "We thank thee 0 God for a Prophet." Benediction by Brother Peter Later. 1 Monta Harris. rr.ovo city. Mrs. E. B. Wells: Dear Sister: Thinking perhaps you would like to hear a little news from the 1st WaTd, I take tho liberty of sending you these few lines. On the 22nd, of Feb., being the anniversary of Bro. Edward Meacham's birtJiday,Bishop J. P. R. Johnson and his wife, the beloved President of our Relief Society, and a few of tie brethren and sisters of the 1st. Ward met at his residence to give him a surprise party. After the tableswere spread with the good things of this life, Sister Meacham sent for'Jier husband (who had been visiting at a neighbor's) when he saw so many gathered together to pay their respects to him, words failed to express his feelings. When all were seated Bishop Johnson presented Brother and Sister Meacham with a small present as a token ofthe good feeling and esteem of the brethren and sisters. Brother E. Meacham is 80 years old, is ono of the first settlers ofProvo, and a faithful man in the Church. Sister Sophy Meacham was our Secretary for 11 years, but on account of her eye-sigfailshe had to i3 ing now a Teacher resign and faithful in all her labors. Our Society is in a prosperous condition tas also the Primary Association. Wishing the Exponent great success ht in the cause of Truth. Ha, Jcp PONENT. Ann S. Dugdale. beaver city. . Editor ExroNENT: The Conference of the 4. u. m. i. Association of Beaver Stake was held in the Beaver meeting house, Friday March 3rd, 1882. The attendance was unusually large, consisting Of representatives from all of the wards. A large number of visitors were also present. The reports from the various wards, show the associations to be in a much more flourishing condition than at last Conference. There has been quite an improvement in the exercises, and a lively interest is manifested by the mem bers generally. The Association of Minersville, presided over by Mr3 .Lydia Blackburn, deserves special men tion, having excelled in the number of meetings, attendance, and the promptness of the members in carrying out the exercises. The Conference was addressed by a number of the young ladies, by Sisters Grundy and Dotson, and by President Jno. Ashworth. The readiness with which the young sisters responded to the call, and the marked improvement in public speaking, are truly gratifying. Mary E. Ashworth, President; Fannie Harris, and Ada E. Farnsworth, Counselors; Sadie Shepherd, Secretary; Clara Murdock; Treas urer. -- Sadie Shetiierd. TA ROWAN STAKE. The 9th Quarterly Conference of Relief Societies of the Parowan Stake of Zion was held at Cedar City, Sunday Feb. 5th; 1882, commencing at 10 P. M. Present on the stand: T. J. Jones, and Morgan Richards Jr., of the Presidency of the Stake, and other leading brethren from the different wards; President Ellen W. Lunt, Mary Ann Lunt and Huldah A. Mitchell of th e Stake Relief Society, Presidents of Branches of Relief Society, of Y. L. 51. I. Associations, Primary Associations, and others. After the usual exercises, Pres. E. W. Lunt made a few opening remarks and invoked the blessing of the Lord upon the Conference. Minutes of last Couferencc read and approved, also the statistical and financial reports of each Relief Society in the Stake, viz. Parowan, Cedar City, Paragoonah and Summit The remainder of the forenoon was occupied by several of the sisters bearing their testimony to the truth of the work in which we are all engaged. BenedicChoir sang, adjourned till 2 P. M. tion by Pres. Morgan Richards. At 2, P. M., after the usual exercises and prayer by Elder Francis Websteracrament was administered, Choir singing "Nearer my God to thee." The officers of presiding board both general and local were presented and unanimously sustained. Verbal reports of the Societies were given by their respective Presidents, showing that the faithful sisters felt well in their labors and desirous of doing all that was required of them. Many good instructions were given by the sisters who spoke', ol whom there were many. The principle of Celestial Marriage wa3 strongly advocated and testimonies borne in favor of the same. Some very: good counsel was given to the young brethren and sisters just starting out in life together, to start aright, not neglecting family prayers. Conference was adjourned to bo held at Summit May 7th, 1882. Benediction by Pres. T. J. Jones. Sarah Ciiatterley Sec'y. PIPSEY PAPERS. No 19. I have been trying for some time to take my kinitting (my pen rather) and spend a little time with Mrs. Scott Shewishes to know something of our lives, and of the manners and habits of the people of Utah. Some of our sisters have answered her very abl& and I can fully endorse what they have said; but the subject h inexhaustible and 