' J, - Many a"rich man "p.-- v; held-wii- H-isr!- mCv , ti.- - 4- - m bora- n r?Sj.--- '"h&l 'A-' triv . v-'- irhild to u dder tatul or ciple su2l.ro apply it, noF Inerel y - 7)gr-.---- - tBger vnth : a -- r bliircb: deTpticn -- - r- ijavejnbr--I,orter.;- - '' ' - " - WmhESALE-'AiTr- tZ7l Governor evitable,' " -- gain, stas:. Aiiiericau aieer horns, for their lesser length, are more suitable for decorations such powder-flask- s and These can be purchased in various sizes, ready polished , tipped and fu with, chains to hang by, and at reasonable prices. ; The horns of our domestic steer, when fine ones can be selected, are capable of a fine receiving polish. These and the horns of the wild Western and Southern steers are bought up largely ?for manufacturing purposes, but may be obtained by ordering from some wholesale dealer, taxidermist, naturalist, or from an abattoir. Steer horns being composed largely of albumen and gelationous substances, may be easily softened by heat and twined into various forms, therefore easily lending themselves to. decoration. Beautiful cups and tankards may be made from horns." .IH Interchange. llower-holder- -- The heartjwill tell its own tale; under some circumstances the heart will haver its own way; it is useless to tell the heart that no crood can come of this or that--t- he heart finds irood in unexpected places, l and draws - honey from that have not been suspected of bearing honey by any naturalist or herbalist. There is a time when sorrow becomes sweetness; such is the mystery and such the graciousnees of life, that loss turns itself into a sort of .; . s. rn-ish- ed -- " -- OCixLo fW , Slioos, Your Ordert arc Solicited. J" vseph fl ND S OR GEO H, on Main Street, 'over' Hardy JJros,, &'lor. pecJal Study har becTilveii to "Surgery, Diseases at Women, and Diseases of the THROAT AND LUNGS NOSE, A. -- -- Cr HI , ST O CK Home Made Trunk for Sale by JOHN C. CUTLER, Arent for tho PBOVO WOOLEN MILLS, Old Of Con4itntlon IlnlldlnBl Blankets, Flannels,Sbawlflr also IIOME MADE Brown Tarna, Cotton Battinjr, Whlto Yarns, Wool Batting, Colored Yarnav-T- H rooms, - Linseys, WosbboardB, CaealmerB, Jeans, Brosbc, Etc., Ktc Tweeda, X xF. AUERBACH & BRO. , TO THEIB NEW STORE, CALLAND Pa rJcerV V8T The majority in the Hou3eofXords (132) who threw out the bill to legalise marriage with a deceased wife's sister was made up of 8 dukes, 5 marquises, 35 earls07 viscounts, 17 bishops (including the Archbishop of York), and GO peers who sit as barons. The minority (128) included the Prince of "Wales, the Duke of Edinburgh, and the Duke of Albany, 9 dukes, 3 marquises, 29 earls, 8 viscounts, and 76 peers sitting as barons. No member of the episcopal bench supported the bill. The Archbishop of Canterbury was among the absentees. The dukes who voted forthe bill were Hamilton, Cleveland, Portland, St. Albans, Sutherland, Westminster Roxburghe, Athole,and Leinster, and the marquises Abergavenny, Aylesbury, and Northampton. The Dukes who opposed i the measure were Buckingham and Chandos, Leeds, Marlborough, Norfolk,Korthumberland," Rutland, Buccleuch, and Argyll, and themar-quise- s Bath, Bristol Hertford, Huntly, and Saltsbury. All- - the Roman Catholic peers present declared themselves "not content." BDSrJ24AJ26 EXAMINE Spring and Summer Goods."! TINNER, CAS WATER & STEAM FITTER t?9Agent tor RUMSEY'S ceJebratod LIFT and FCHICB PUMPS. Pumps ltcpalred on short notice. Orders from tho country promptly responded to. Address David. Jama, Box 300, Salt LaU CUy-- H. DINWOODEY, -- . B. FERGUSOlNr " x Phelps. er tankards, f t9lce -- m m drinking-horns- , Ex. - it or not." ministration, through feai:; of ministering to unnatural excitements. We had better do some things wrong than to do nothing.-vtj.- "Mounted in pairs, in some cases with the polished hoof of the steer, which also shows lovely coloring between the horns, they make beautiful decorations to hang over dining-roo- entrances or mantels. They should spring from panels of bronzed metal, of oak dark in color; a light, modern flowered wall-papwould form an incongruous setting for sufih a decoration, or for the graceful antlers of the as you i e, . the Vtt. EIjLEN PHYS I GIAH es That is not wisdom, it is not piety, it is not reverence lor venerable things, it lstagnationr it is timiditv, often it is mental indolence. sometimes it is refihedbut intense- - selfishness, which holds a preacher still in ancient ruts of sea-gree- SLIPPERS- ,- BakerrecentlyiiLtheZgrdu citizenshi- ppjjull whether desire mot-tling- becomes fine polish! - Olxilcii-olx'fi- i -- obola U and . aatl desirable tnee, boet brands Also, editor-in-chie- f. the-guil- far-We- tex--tur- 1 B O OTS j 5 H O E S full '." the LAEOEST liEST SELECTED STOCK cf ating class of the Indianapolis Female Colleger "Young Ladies, prepare yourselves for -- I 23 S City . m, HADIIL. SHELF HEAVY-A T H E 3j X Of Salt Lake and vicinity will find The Quiz, a sprightly weekly published in ger and Mrs. Florence - 0. Duncan -- AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS, Etc. "A man cannot argue1 against woman suf--. fr8ge five minutes without repudiating the principles upon which this government is U. S. Senator Hoar. founded." - Philadelphia, is entirely uuder the control of women. Mrs. Mary Hall is its business mana- silver-mounte- M S . "About no bit of modern decoration 13 there such a glamour of romance as that associated d with the drinking-horn- , hung amid mock shields and battle trophies." Even in an ordinary dining-rooin spite of inconcarries one back to the gruous surroundings, it rude ages when its , graceful prototype, jeweled and banded with metal, and . surrounded by the mighty weapons 'of th e Norman chief, re-- . fleeted from shining faces the glow- andiife of ' the ruddy, leaping flames of banquet torches. Rut to come back to the present, there Iseems tobe a renaissance oLhorn decoration. Not only are "the antlers . of the moose, the reindeer and caribou in "request; but the long, beautifully curved and glossy horns of the wild st, steers of the SouthAmerica7Italy and Sjain.Thehorns of the last two coun- tne3are very long, finely curved," and like the 3 American, exquisite in coloring, showing n and cloudings of fading to amber; brown melting into pearly grey, which, in turn, deepens to vivid black at the extreme tips. These, horns have, from - fineness f a natural gloss, which enhanced by art, J3 tfaV jknows.iiGihinfcabo ART DECORATIVE. : - DRIED FRUITS OF ALL CLASSES WANTED. natty, graceful way that an English duchess "" DISEASE OF :4'.Q3IJN. Sfjcclal PejTartmeots for dent's Clothing tu-Children's Bhoee, Jtry Carrcts, Ladles' UocxL,-Shawl-fl and Dciuauic Grocerkt Hardware aud Stores. .. J,.r-- e id don s: is" "qu 6 1 ed Uliaving ga3: Mrs. --i'AhAmeriean servant will tie on her veil JnjL Scott-- Wit A; T SALT Xj T23ABUB LAKE CITYS Governor thcwhoiare to' vern4hem.,,-- T ''I go for all -- sharing-1 tho priviI?ge3of - .. r I am government who assist in bearing its burdens, Abraham by no means excluding women." Lincoln. frr; . rr?hair1)eeorae in iruth the.''land of the free.".. as it ha3 ever been the "home of the brave.' Journal. v;i JjUit to Llsca; ol iiie gln N O S E A N D T H fl O AT 9 (VlaiTEmiCa;ANI , - Xo To these forty years of labor the women of --lonlay owe the victories which are so surely hastening on the time when our Deiovea ccuiiWoman s SSiiemler 'Governor St. John, of Kauai,says he hopes women will soon have the right to vote for .of-- and tfcctfglitfulmothe and fed ?iih aa enlightened regard for health, - EV E , EA R f a pria tVol IVtittt-a i ot JndiAna w be health, we .haye the ani -- ruont of woman's rights, while ' the 'Uwijcl. life and- nd ; . i .higar. tcszx - man j'wi'r a srreat- work.'."' aadifrca;itiat Kb&dT3 drudge, ignorant ' ii'iiTsJCca'tt-iuuiijjis- it'oul Atteutloa tell Tri ketr rssrtistjrorprreea: :ija flflf&iraFtiifc ' omcNj.ioniitJ, ; , - . . -- hu?luiuh hx)c" - f 4 makes1" a FU EN ITU HE, SPaiab BEDS. WISE limiESSB fotiebs . i t fm i AITD ' 75, 77, 79, First South Street, 8JLLT LAKE CITY' & - 