WOMAN'S EXPOKJNT 134 ever been trno woman in the Church. She was married to Howard Coray Feb. 6,1841, and was the mother of twelve children, seven sons and five daugh ters, all of whom have grown up to man ana womanhood, and it can belaid in all truthfulness that there is not one profligate son nor wayward daughter among the whole of them; and a liberal share can be accorded to her in their bringing up, education, Ac. She has given much gratuitous labor in behalf of the young and rising generation, their proper training and education. She was Mother Smith's amanuensis in writing a book entitled, irThe History of Joseph Smith, by his Mother, Lucy Smith." She has received about all the blessings that are conferred in the House of the Lord, and has gone to await a glorious resurrection. In October, 1875, she was selected by Pres. B. Young as one of theTrustef a of the B. Y. Academy, which appointment I believe she ifilled altogether satisfactorily. The funeral services were held Snu-da- y morning, Dec. 18, at 10 o'clock, in the Tabernacle at Provo. Ex. Mrs. Coray was an occasional contributor to the Exponent; a very able and vigorous writer. She felt strongly and she expressed herself impressively In speaking or writing. She spoke intelligently on all subjects, never waiting a moment for words, for she possessed in a rare degree the gift of language. She wa9 pretty well versed in the law, and political economy was one of her favorite themes. She had many true friends and a large number of relatives, who sincerely deplore her loss here, but she has gone where a wider sphere of usefulness awaits her, and where there is no more pain forever and ever. Died, in Ogden, Dec. 5, 1881, Sister Ellen McKay. Deceased was born in London, Englan 1, Jan. 23, 1835. She was baptized Into this Church in 1888, and emigrated to Utah. In 1869 she removed to Ogden, where she remained until her death. She was a zealous advocate of the principles of the Everlasting Gospel, and a firm believer in the order of Celestial Marriage. Sister Ellen was a faithful member of the Relief Society, and had been a Teacher In the 2d Ward Society for nine years, and was also a Secretary for some time, performing every duty and labor cheerfully. She was ever happy under all circumstances, buoyant in spirit and very susceptible of spiritual influences, which made her a pleasing companion and associate to all those who possess a reverence for divine things. Our sisterwill be greatly missed in her home and In the Relief Society. She was a womfftrof great faith In the healing of the fick by administration according to the order of the priesthood. Sister Ellen has gone to the rest that remains to the people of God, in the blessed hope of a glorious resurrection. Com. It la with feelings of the deepest sympathy that we communicate to you the death of one of our number, Mary Mettie Terry, who died Jan. 2, 1SS2, of quick consumption. She was the daughter of Andrew and Annie M. Peters sen, and was lorn in Fairview, Nov. 21, the wife of Adolphus Terry, to whom she was married about two years previous to her decease. Mary was loved and reepected by all who knew her, aud during her ehort stay here set an example before her associates well worthy of imitation. She took an active part In the Sunday School aa U acher and in the Y. L. M. I. A. as treasurer, and though we deeply mourn the loss of to dear a friend, yet we fo3l to say 1862-wa- "The Lord's wll! be done." Dear ieter Marj, wo bid you adieu Though yro fwl R regret thu to ! jrt. We've this consolation: tk.you're A Wit a And kept a brave epim anu ucax. we miss, Then weep not, nor mourn, for her that Her mission on earth being ended, She has gone to a realm of infinite blies, blended. Where truth, lore and beauty are ANNIE D. CHBISTIANSON. 4- - Fairview, Jan. mnnv visitors. We edit a manuscript paper m"j a month, which is quite interesting. once Hoping this will prove sausiaciory, win A 1 close. Letitia ) I" M. Thomas, Sec y. THE POWER OF PRAYER. 18, 1882. Prayer is the key that will unlock the of knowledge. is It the foundation rock of every Christian's life; and we can safely say that there is no one that can attain to a position of usefulness in the kingdom of God without knowledge. We learn that our Savior, whom we should all chose as our pattern, prayed often, and in the Gospel according to St. Luke, chap. 22, verses 39 and 40, after He had administered the, last supper toHis Apostles, we read: 'And nut. and went, as was His wont, to the TTp Mount of Olives, and His disciples also followed Him; and when He was at the place He said unto them, Tray, that ye enter not into temptation.' " We learn from these few words spoken by ' our Savior, that prayer is also a" safeguard, that will withhold us in the hour of temptation, state-hous- PRIMARY R. S., Y. L. M. L A. AND REPORTS. SPRINGY ILLE PRIMARY. AssoA meeting of the 2d Ward Primary ciation of Springville was held Saturday, Jan. and ven21, 1882, the birthday of our beloved erable" elect lady, Sister Eliza R. S. Smith. After the exercises, which consisted of select of manreadings, recitations, dialogues, reading and inuscript paper, "The Children's Gera," teresting remarks by Sister Ann Bringhurst, the tables were uncovered, displaying a bounteous repast for the little folks, which was indeed a joyful surprise to them. After the children blessing was asked upon the food, the were invited to partake thereof, which they each other's gladly did, enjoying the feast and fifty-fivwas society. The number of children Much credit is due to the President and Counselors of the Association for their untiring efforts to please and benefit the children. After the children had partaken of the dinner, the President and lady officers and a few friends also partook of the good things, and all expressed themselves as being well pleased vith what the sisters had done for the children, and suchoped their efforts would be crowned with cess in training them in virtue and wisdom. Circumstances prevented the Bishop and his Counselors from being present. Sarah Waters, President. e. Sarah Mainwaring, j (kunselora. J Elizabeth Bramall, Susannah Wakefield, Secretary. COLORADO. MANASSAn, The Y. L. M. I. A. of this place was organized on the 17th of October, 1880, a special meeting being called for the purpose of organizing the young people; President Silas S. Smith presiding. After the usual opening exercises the Young Men's Association was organized; after which Sister Soman th a T. Boice was chosen President of the Young Ladies' Association. The organization was also completed at that time, but on account of some of the officers moving away, some changes have been made and the officers arc at present a3 follows: T. Boice, President; Alice Sellars and Mary Haggard, Counselors; Letitia Thomas, Secretary; Bettie Sellars, Treasurer. We have twenty members enrolled, who seem to be alive to their duties in learning all they can, so that they may be enabled to assist in carrying on tbjs great work that we are engaged in; our President is ever ready and willing to do her duty, and is in earnest in her endeavors in trying to help build up the kingdom and instill into the minds of the young principles of righteousness. Since our orgai? ization we have alse been enabled to acquire means with which we have bought $14.80 worth1 of books; also subscribed for the Woman's Exponent and Juvenile Instructor each one year; have donated to the poor 82.50, and we have on hand at present in the treasury four quilts, for sale or to give to the needy, as occasion may require. During the summer mouths we hold monthly meetings; but at presant we meet with the youngs men every Wednesday evening in conjoint meeting: " . o . whinh -ii.. are vvn niw?nu?q ny member 8ipj pUq So-mant- 11 I ha e -- from doing evil. Through prayer, our faith is strengthened and our powers of comprehension are quickened, and we receive power to discern good from evil. Through prayer, we are led to search for truth, and learn to love and keep the laws of righteousness, laid down in His Church and Kingdom, through which we may be brought back into the holy and divine presence of our God. Through prayer, the windows of heaven unclose, and blessings are showered down upon our heads and upon those we love and pray -- for. Through prayer, the darkness that had hovered over this earth for ages burst, and the light of everlasting truth shone forth; for it was while Joseph Smith, then but a boy, was praying to God to know which of all the different doctrines that he had heard preached was true, that truth was revealed, that those who lived in the days of Joseph, the Prophet, should know the truth, and for generations to come. If you wilLread the Bible, the Book of Mor- mon, and other good books, you will learn that all good and great people were those who prayed to God; for it is the only Way to become good and great. And; my young friends, it is well for you to remember, while traveling on this journey of life, that there is no prison so dark, no pit so deep, no expanse so broad, that the Spirit of God cannot enter; aud when all other privileges are denied us, we can pray, and God will hear us. No one can take this from us. But remember it is a most precious gift, it is something that must be cultivated; and when the still, small voice whispers, "Go and pray," you must obey; for if you do not, the Spirit will be erieved. and the voice in time becomes silent. Should you at any time find yourself overwhelmed with disappointment and sorrow, remember, that although your prayers may he like the wailings of the most feeble infant, God, bein more loving than the most tender mother, will hear and answer you. But we cannot say that He will always answer according to the desires of your mind; but in His great' wisdom He sees and knows what is for your best good, and will answer according to His wisdom. To the young we will say, be prayerful; ask God to inspire your hearts with noble aspira tions, and to help you to becomo good and great in Hi3 Church and Kingdom. And when you are done with thb life, may you find that spirit of peace Which ww with our 1rd 