THE TOIirSXrOSENTrr ...eossuis n Teres: Or cory rJitr. wxxxs, though feeling It a great tojasttaa to b required of them. The word Included In the test oath ; "la the marriage relation are exceedingly year $4 00; ee copy six rtrsth roc cf cine. .2wii!:r,2r tea line cf EocpnII rpac, cn czse -- jpfciss: Ssfiisve, fRtrJoaeat Hoase, Soath West Boom Og2 TmplfiStrret-BnjlBr- b!'t cf the HrldeH r3UJty of character, exemplary CV.ocoU boars itrotC fs their Uvea In every res Silt .taa.dS7.XTUh. NATURALIZATION - SEPTEMBER AM) .TIOX. , t:l:.,z The flrgt Monday in September, the District Court In Beaver and In Ozdf n. were both on ened 80 that all aliens who wished to taW out th eir jbj&tnn1!.tlqn papers, had ih e opportunity by traveling to one or the other of these placfs. Many persons went to these Court rooms Jrom -- .different rats7ata of privilege becoming citizens of the United States. There has bef n a great neglect on tho part of those born In foreign countries, in taking out their full papers, and it has seemed as if they "were at ease in Zion," not reabVng the respon-sibilitiat Stake, in sustaining a republican government in the Territory, as a part of the great body politic. But now the great need of strength in numbers is apparent, it will perhaps be different; and th ose who h ave been long en ough In the country, will have an ambition to ., assist in maintaining tfce liberties and rights of - the people in the choice of officers to fill positions" of trust, in the Territory, as well as a delegate to Congress. x On the second Monday in September, by proclamation of the Governor of Utah, the Third District Courtwasopened in Salt-Lak- e Ciyr -whieli gaveTa greaFmany the advantage cf becoming naturalized, without taking a trip to. Ogden. There should be no hesitancy on the part of those who are entitled to such prlvelege of fulfilling this duty; it is a sacred one, that eery man and every woman should feel bound to resp nd to. A duty each one owts to himself or herself; a parent to his childrorj', and all owe to the community in which . they reside; to sustain help law, "order, and good government in the land. - A set of rules have been adopted by the Utah Commission for the appointment and government of registrars, and the conduct of registration and elections. These rules have been extensively published, and probably carefully read, discussed and commented upn. In addition to Rule is an oath attached, which each person must take and subscribe to, before the name of that individual can be placed on the registration list. This oath or affirmation Is very obnoxious in its wording; thejjhraseologyof n is such as any sensitive, delicate, woman would shrink from hearing, and nothing but the sternest sense of duty could induce a noble true woman to subscribe to it. But brave hearted women endure ignominy, scorn and indignities for the sake of maintaining the riht-an- d God and their own conscience are their port and strength in any trying ordeal.Jebovafj ia for the right, and He alone is a great majority yet He requires every one to exercise his own all matters pertaining to life here upagency,-ion the earth. He has endowed .mankind liber--1 ally with faculties and powers by which they work outheir own destinies, and this is in ac ccrdance with the true principles of all govern- -- . 2-th- n . ed County, exercise of the elective franchise; when they realize the fact that some of the best blood of their ' ancestry has been shed In defense of the liberty of the country. Many of those disfranchised, have all their lives been true and loyal patriots, and more- - have madejtW8TrrItoryr:Jiabltable-b- y their hard labor and unremitting toil. The JEdmund'a law has been differently inter- preted by the Commissioners, who framed, the oath of affirmation, from what it was understood previously, either by Mormons or This rendering of its meaning has made some . dissatlsfaotlon, as thcfle who have not violated the law of 1862, against what is termed bigamy or polygamy, would, had it not been for this oath, have been permitted to register. But according to the present regulations even a suspicion, a rumbTwhich fails cxinflrmatlonjjjsaken-a- s evidcncethatiomeZprivate cerremony had taken place away back Jn Kauvoo, or somewhere else; though the other party to the transaction has been dead many years, Again a woman whose husband has forsaken her and his family, and cast her off, and lives with another woman without marriage cf any sort is permitted to register. Can such things be, and how can they be reconciled with tho principles of freedom and religious liberty? If the people's party in Utah will stand together, and each one do his duty in the midst of the -- opposition brought to bear, there need be no fear whatever of losing the election. Some difficulty has arisen In regard to the registering of women citizens, and there is a disposition manif sted to reject votea of women altogether, this point will be carefully guarded, and argued in open court; the commissioners having previously decided that .. women were eligible, nnder the statute, to exercise the right of franchise. It would be a most flagrant act of nju8tice-to takeaway thlsright after twelve yearsi experience without any difficulty having arisinjn consequence of woman suffrage. non-Mormo- -- ns. . HOME AFFAIR3. Sister E. R. 8. Smith, left this city on Wednesday morning's Southern train, to visit Ban-pet- e Stake. Sister Zina D. H. Young was detained on account of the illness of her sister Pres-end- ia L. K'mball. The Primary Meetings will be held in each precinct in this County on Monday at 7, p. m. September 25, to select delegates to the County Convention, called for Saturday, Sept. 30 at 3 m, In the County Court House. have been specislty requeited. by the l-V- prepare their re. ort8 "i1- - and forward them-t- o the Stake" Secre tary of each of these organization 7 es cure-mind- h lgh?8 religious relations, even though in many instan-- j ces they have been onl? spiritual and not In any sense practical. Yet the same rule la applied tp all, whether they have actuaJJy lived In the principle or only received It in a spirittral form. The prac tisc of the world a t large is not considered, men may live in such relations as they-lik- e, if they do not marry, it is the actual ceremony that "disfranchises American citizens. It is very galling to those "who feel entitled to the privileges of citizenship, to be debarred "of the 15, 1SS2. REGISTRA-V.-- r,Jivnre ".VrTT'-r.""'--- - A;tf Sarx AssocIatlonsT to urge theievv !Li?rte?Jna "Associations in thh to In be. excluded from lfce privilege of registering, and their name? actally eras? d from the list of voter?, because of their tt-tfvrttteEi SALT LAKE CITY, donor. ob- jectionable; especially s the Edmund's Uw Itv self 'does: col speelfjvsach affirmation to be made. fl.CO Tea ceplea for the -- El!ztth Bailey brought to thl Ofllce one of the raoit tautiful floral gifts wo ever re! cleved. ri)wer are always welcome every, where and on all occasions, and these were choice and fragrant - indeed. Many thanks; to the Mlts. NotKitiitaEdioj tfaaTAla. Vhkh has to be tikea, bekt one can rtgUter, many have al- rtaJy gvn forward and axptrd the condition, A Territoria l Convention of the People's has bpen arraogeci 'for, to be held in the Party City irallln this city on Monday the 9 th, of October next at 12 m.. for the t)UrrJoserhf nominating a delegate to Congress. The Countv Central Committees have been requested to take Immediate step this direction 7 .t, It is anticipated that a class of ladles for in. utructionlnobstetrles and InaotoiyTwlli'bi"" opened in the Deseret Hospital, shorllr after the October Conference. Persons wishing to study these branches should avail themselves of this oppostunlty of preparotlon for practical work In midwifery. For particulars, address the Secretary of the Deseret Hospital Ascciation, The National Woman Suffrage Association will hold their annual Convention in Omaha, -Neb., Sep. 6, 27 and 28. It will' no doubt be of the numerously attended. As N. W. S. A. for Utah, we have been invited to attend, and should be glad to do sk and report-t- he attempt to disfranchise the women of Utah Just made by the "Liberals." Vice-Preside- nt -- The lady secretaries of the several Stake organizations of Relief Society, Y. L. M. L A. and Primary :AssocJton?4wiIIpleasenotlc that-- " full reports of each of these organize ations should be forwsided n time, so that the Secretary of the central organization can compile and liand In her report to Pres. JoLn Taylor'a Office ten days previous to the October .' Conference. semi-annu- al o Faith Promoting Ser. ies, has been issued from the Office of the Juve nile Instructor, in this City.. It is entitled fH " C. Kimball's Journal." The first ten chapters were published in Nauvoo in pamphlet form, by Elder Robert B. Thompson. The next six chapters have been compiled from the manuscript by Helen Mar Whitney, eldest daughter The seventh book of the -- She also furnished letters and items for the concluding chapter. There are so many marvelous instances cf the power of God and the healing of the sick, through the admin" istratlon of the ordinances, by the authority of ; the priesthood, that it cannot tail to be eminently useful to the young people of Zion. HeberC. JKImbalLwas-greatl- y gifted in faith, and was ft natural prophet. He was often as much astonished at bis own words as those who listened to his prophecies could possibly te. We think this book a good addition to the young people's libraries, and wouldj advise l every parent to purchase one. It is good for the children to know the trials and persecutions under which the Saints struggled and labored to carry the Gospel to the nations in an earlier day. The book is neatly bound,and contains over 100 pages. Price 25 cte. .For sale at Juvenile Instructor Office of Pres. Kimball. " " . ' Smith and Zlna D. H. Young, went to Logan to attend the Ladies Conference of Ctche Stake, on Friday and Saturday, Sisters E. R. S. The Conference was well attended on Friday, Mrs. Libbie Benton presid-fagTlra Relief BocretyreH and abfy ret Sept 1st and 2d. 1, 1 