'CESES. AND INCIDENTS BY IJELES MAH -' i" in IN NAUVOO when ' , w3& boafyoadectl x to "'leave obliged - at Nauvoo, where J oseph "and hundreds of the Saints were on thf shore waiting to reefc them, with a warm and , hearty welcome. A came a member some time previous, gave them Tehn. Some villain placed a half consumed cigar under a straw mattress, and other bedding that had been laid out of the ladies cabin to air. : They were mobbed and insulted 3t nearly every place where they stopped, by the citizens along the river. jLney were not persecuted tor polygamy it was not upon those grounds that mobs collected and threw "stones through the cabin windows, smashing the glas and sash, and ieopardizinjr the lives of the passengers." for they had not lieard of polygamy being the hill near the lemple, and although the night wa3 unfavorable, being d ark and rainy we, nothing daunted, started out between twelve and one o'clock, we struck up and sang the New Year's hymn. The inmates were' highly gratified, and -- the Prophet came out and invited U3 to come in; but being late we declined. After singing one or two Anthems he pronounced his blessing" upon the orchestra and choir, which repaid the brethren and sisters for all their trouble. William Cahoon,' John Pack, Stephen Hale and wives, William Pitt, William Clayton, Jacobs Hutchinson, James Standing and many more, too numerous to mention, were members of the choir, and most of the brethren belonged to William Pitt's Brass Baud. We enjoyed seasons, though of short together many happy - - . treated more, barbarously than foreign emi-- . . ... 1 r " do we Know mat grants are treated Polygamy is only an excuse, and a most flimsy one too. This was their first experience in America, our boasted land of liberty a refuge and home for the oppressed of all nations. Mobbing peaceful emigrants for nothing else, only that they were -'- Mormons. z During the winter of 1843, there were plenty of parties and balls, and many were held at the Mansion. The last one that I attended there that winter, was on Christmas Eve. Some of the young gentlemen got up a series; of dancing parties, to be held at the' Mansion once a week. My brother William put his name down before asking father's permission, and when questioned ., about it made him -believe that he must pay the money for himself and lady;: whether he went or not, and that he could not honorably withdraw from it." He carried the day, but; I had to stay at home, as my. father had been warned by the Prophet to keep his daughter away from there,. because of the blacklegs and certain ones of questionable character who attended there. His wife Emma had become the ruling spirit, and money had become her God. I did not betfay William, if. sore -over but I felt thought, ikand " . ouite . o ' very unkind act in lather to allow him to go i . 1 ' ' .duration.: . -- . to-aa- y. 5 rotrar ma sisnm fx girl loved dancing better than I did, and I really felt that; it was too much to tear. It made the dull school still more "dull, and like a wild bird I longed for the freedom that was n n ri denied me; and thought myself a much abused child, and that it was pardonable if I did murmur. I imagined that my happiness was all over, and brooded over the sad memories of sweet departed joya and all manner of future woes, which Qby tne by) were of short dura- tion, my bump of hope being too large to ad- iiiiw vi uij reuiauiiug long unaer me clouds; Iraidia xny fate was very kind and indulgen , ... . . Our Music Hall was built one block east of the Temple, but was not finished till : after the death of the Prophet. Previous " to that we held an occasional concert in the Masonic Hall, which, according to history, was considered ."the most substantial and best finished Masonic " Temple in the Western States." We were not wanting for amusement;, even in the midst Of some of the most trying scenes; the Latter-daSaints seldom drooped or pined for f their "Leek3 and Onions," but adapted themselves to circumstances with an excellent ' v : '7' ' grace. Our first dramatic entertainments were given in the Nauvoo Masonic Hall in the spring of 1844, under the direction of Thomas A. Lyne and Geortre J. Adams the latter claimin?? Heber C. Kimball as his father in the Gospel, toot up h is abode with us whenever he came t our city; was there, during the summer of 1843, at which time, my father being absent upon a mission, made - it rather hard for my mother to get aJong, as 1 went to school she was obliged to hire a woman to do tho work, her own health beingvery poor and her baby sick, which he did not seem to realize as he never- - offered, any recompense. In the spring of 1844, during the dramatic season, lie with his wile and sister staid with us, but my lather was at .Jaome which made y . ' . -- in in v pnmnnninna ' ' '.. I ful, and the idea of taking so dignified a part was to my mind utterly absurd; haying only! been upon tho stage in two plays, first ' as one of the virgins in "Pizarro" and another simple part, but all my excuses were useless and I n? alfairly pressed intoerviceTAdamssaidn" couragingly, "I'll help you ou t,"- - and as Lyne was leaving he said, "Now study ' the part over ; good to night, and then retire and sleen on it and you il nearly know it in the morning;" ...which direction I followed, and Jiaving a quick memory was able to repeat every word at the : rehearsal, but when before an audiencff I wm ba frightened that I ' remembered very little; my : jwiis neariy aesertea me, DUt . Adams wa3 true to his promise and by his read ines3 assisted mo to recover from my confusion.. Though he was never up in hi3 own part, he was never at a .loss for a substitute in every emergency, but which was anything but pleasing to those who ucpuucu upu ijiiu juf tucn cue.i jj.e was n very good actor; and, J. Hatch, a young Lawyeruncle to Pres. Abrani Hactch of Heber city, was also good as well aa Amasa Lyman "Rnf UU nnd W. It' Prilsnm. nn J'tLX ro.f v , nnrl ntlipra wuwaj. in "Pizarro' was better played than was the Priest, by Brigham . Young. There was some that at good acting donesome so life-liktimes nearly the whole audience vnuM bp. f fected to tears. Joseph did not try. to hide his" feelings, but "wa3 seen to .weep a number of times. Among our best comedians was Hiram B. Clawson, who I think, was the youngest of of tho boys, that- - was forty -- years ago; and the scenes have been - changing till but few are now left who took part in the first dramatic entertainments held in our beautiful city : -- -- f interesting'-accountno- ' a serenade. their eventful" voyage was (riven bv Sister. Priscilla M. Staines, in the "Women of Mormon dom." She was one of the passengers and happened to.be an instrument in the hands of Providence to give the alarm of fire, or the boat would soon , have been in flame?, ..This Wa3 at Memphis, - trerisTiresijfrdrA . safely takeit But -- goodTTfe hath but few forever." endureth a name but good days; 7 ; The first New Year's eve after the Prophet moved into the Mansion, our choir, under thej - leadership of Stephen Goddard,-i;-o whichTOe- -- jAiLauyiner,xiine me-nai-a oiiiowa,ia com man d of Cant. Dan Jones, brought a company of two hundred and: fifty Samts from New : Orleans, who, after unlooked for circumstances, causing a tedious journey of five weeks,arrryd flatterinsfand teasing mo to lastimia-eirlf-fifteerrTrad- ft - the sn'eet songs of Zion, as they came up the river at the close of the Jay, and landed near the Prophet's house, where stood scores of the Saints; also many outsiders haxl gathered there, and Joseph too, who welcomed them to Zion. siort but- -- in L. xjcosqumeexif to go on aain,1 and as tho play was to bo ro-- ; peated the next night, they were in a terrible dilemma, not knowing what to do as we had reiurneu nome, and it was then near midnight. One of them proposed my taking tho part, goand very long time before I became satisfied that I was blessed i:f being under; the control of jso good and wise a parent, who had taken counsel and thus saved nic from evils, which some others in their youth and inexperience, were -- exposed torthouch they liioujrnt no evil, let notscandal did tho busy JLoUgue" oi spare them. v ; A moral rri ay be d rawn from: this tru th fu story. "Children obey thy parents," etc And - also, "Have regard to thy name: for that shall continue with you above a thousand great. WHITNEY. Among the many pleasing incidents within my recollection alyxtck inoithlhimr it' was not a mothePcould not other way?, and i - V L e, - in 1845; ,X . - . tWllth of May following ,jny brother Wm. H. and Mary Davenport, werejoined in . wedlock, byo father at the house of Winsor P. -Lyons, and on the 13th he brought her home - " On to live with us. On thp 17fl' held, Joseph being candidate for the Presidency. A great deal of enthusiasm was manifested by the people, .which was not confined to our cities, but according to history, twenty-seve- n states were represented." My father and others of the Apostles were appointed to go East to electioneer for General Joseph Smith. To be Continued. ' Woman Suffrage is the great moral and itical question of the nineteenth century. 1 pol- -- -- fertmcoIwasjui amusements, which made time pass very agre-ablMiss Adams was a fine young lady and very gifted as an actress, in fact was quite a star, though a new beginner like all the rest, witlrthe exception of Lyne, he spent much of his time at our house, as they were old friends, and he was a "Mormon." Mrs. Adams was a and quite a distinguished looking , dignified woman, and made a fine appearance upon ' the stage, but shq played only one night took the part of the Countess in the "Orphan of Geneva," and thought herself so disguised that no one would recognise her, but when she found' that ( she was known she could not be prevailed Upon- y. for a happy Home. Six things, home. are requisite to a happy says Hamilton, ' tidiness Integrity must be the architect, and Recipe the. . upolsterer. It must be warmed by affec- tion, and lighted with cheerfulness; ana industry must be the ventilator, renewing the atmosphere and bringing in fresh salubrity every day; while over all a protecting canopy of the blessglory, and nothing will suffice except J T ing of God. y Queen of Roumania, says; is not always a bait; it is sometimes a shield. Forgiveness is almost indifference; while Jove lasts forgiveness is impossible. A woman 13 stoned for an action which may be " committed - by a man with perfect - honor. Women are bad through the fault of men. In matters of science women are so much accustomed to be treated as if of no account, that they mistrust the sayans when they treat wvm x. civuly., Elizabeth, "Co-quetr- 