WOMAN'S EXPONENT Minnie H. officiating in the organization. Broad-ben- t, James Pi esident, Jane Jones and Ellen Counselors, Alice McLachlin, Secretary, Mary Alice Lambert Assistant Secretary, John members W. Walk er, Treasurer. Eighty-si- x were enrolled. Remarks were made suitable to the occasion by Sisters Louie Felt mi E. Howard. The! meeting was adjourned and ,the Annual meeting of the Relief Socitey was hell at the same place t 4 o'clock P. M., Mrs. Alice Need-hapresiding. Minutes were read and also an annual report, which was very ereditable indeed, showing that the sisters in that ward had been actively engaged in doing good, and helping to build up Ziou. Bishop Thome and Counselors Beemest unieh pleased with the days proceedings, aud expressed a good feeling and interest in the work of these organizations. m LETTER FBOM WASHINGTON. House of Refresen tatives, ( Washington, D. G., Dec. 26, 1881. Mrs, E. B. Wells: Dear Sister Your esteemed communication of the 20th inst. has Just reached me, and has been perused with pleasure and satisfaction. I am glad to see that you ake the interest in mat tors here, ana in the proposed measures against us, which your letter evinces. It augurs well for us, for our children and the future of our cause when the women of Zion .feel that there is a public part which they can and are willing to perform in repelling assaults upon them aud their households; aud this is one of the resultg which I have desired and anticipated would follow the encouraging of women during the past few years a:n);i.j us to enlarge the sphere of their sex. MacU is said about, the right of suffrage fur 'women; but that is only one of the saiall expressions of freedom among us.. It, of itself, i not much of an indication, for the reason that iher lias never been any distinction between the mws in voting, either in religious or political gat'.iriujp from the time we left Nauvoj, ait ia fact from the beginning of the Onurch, uutn i iie prtsent. The indifference of mauy ocaou U matters which are of vital importance lo them I have al ways deplored. While there an. mm things which do nut fall to prmooe to attend to, there are others in whi'hshe shwld be interested and take her part, ai well as Liar brother, her father her husband or her sons. I think the time has come for woman to assume her proper share of in this work. She has magnificent opportunities presented to her, and I doubt not tiiat, amjnjr u, she will avail herself of them. wo-uaaa- Tliis N world has to be emancipated, Tne fruitful cause of mauy of the woes under which humanity groans is the badly regulated sin-curb- ed relations of the sexes, aud these are traceable to the inadequate marriage system now in vogue, God having revealed a system to correct these evils, every effor t is. being made to create a pub" ' lio opinion hostile to it, by means of which Its destruction can be effected. And upon no one point is there more falsehood and misrepresen. tation circulated than upon the effect plural marriage is having upon woman. Polygamy in oriental lands, where harems and seraglios are replenished from the slave market, and women are immured from society and the world in jealously guarded and wailed-i- n houses, and are treated as an inferior order of beings, can furnish no correct idea of the eflect of plural marriage upon the women of our Church, with' their surroundings and advantages; yet the popular ideas of to day concerning, oux women are baaed upon oriental polygamy. The assertion is confidently , 125 made thatwe are fostering a system which degrades woman and makes her the slave of man's lust, instead of the sharer in his Jcys. Very few can conceive, or will even think of the possibility of any other effects than these following plural While we know that under our sysmarriage. tem of marriage the most unselfish, heroic and type of womankind is to be found, unequalled by any that exist anywhere among men. I am confident, from my observation and experience, that a standard of excellence is being reached by our women who are true to their principles, under our system-o- f plural marriage, which approaches nearer to the angelic than can be found anywhere else on earth. It is very true that thi is not the result in every instance, but that is not the fault of the system. Now, the world does not believe this; in fact, it believes the very opposite of this; and what a magnificent opportunity there is for our women to make the truth known to it. I hope to Bee the day,and that, too, before many years elapse, well-devfclo- ed when we shall have the best educated, cultivated and endowed women to be found any w her; women so superior in physical and mental vigor and in every departra nt which belongs to their sex, that it will only be necessary to know them for the lies and misconceptions which exist con cerning plural marriage to be swept away. We cannot become the people which God has promised we shall be, according to my view, by the development of the men alone; the women must keep pace with and stand beside them; and hence, I have always been a warm advocate of giving woman every encouragement and opportunity to develop and exercise all her powers. I desire to see our daughters acquire every accomplishment, to understand every subject of human thought, to receive as broad and comprehensive an education to fit each one of them for her sphere as her brother ought to receive to qualify him for his, You eay: "Yo may not have the faith in wo man's diplomacy that I haj&e." Perhaps not. but I think very highly of hor and that which she can accomplish when she engages in it with zeal. Much can be done and ought to be done by all of us to counteract the lies which are cirwomen and others. culated by the But there is this which is plain to me: we can" not accomplish it in the same way. It is not always the best to repel one of their attacks by to the same method which they use to make it. They have their raeth bds, and we have ours. I must say, though, theirs is not so effective a ours, for the reason, as a rule, theirs is confined to words; ours consist of both words and deeds. Lying and misrepresenting are their only methods of assault. Our defence is not confined to circulating contradictions of them. On this account, that which they circulate does not affect me as it onredid. I thought we ought to be more active in contradicting; but now, while I think it is our duty to be vigilant and ready to expose their falsehoods on all proper I hve become satisfied thut they can and will lie faster,than we can contradict In the time We have to spare It is apparent that' we must live down their misrepresentations, and let our lives, their deeds and all their fruits do for us that which our denials and protestations cannot do. Yet we should let no opportunity slipwherewecan let the truth be known. Printer's ink can perform a mighty work in this con. fully avail ourselves of it. tet, and we shouldabout petitions is a good one. . Your suggestion At the present thsy will not accomplish that which they will do when we get into the thick of the fight It will be then that we shall have to strike our most telling blows. anti-polygam- y re-cour- se oc-easlo- ns, .. - - By this time you will be tired of this long screed,. which I had no intention of writing when I commenced. Pardon it. You do not eay a word about Annie and Geo. Q,.; I accept your silence as an evidence that thev are well. Give them my love; also Louie and Brother Wells, also our mutual lady and other friends. I was pained to hear of Sister Hey wood's death; but was gratified to learn Sister Kimball is recovering. The Lord bless you. I am your Geo. Q. Cannon. er, GOOD RESOLUTIONS. The beginning of the new year is the time of all times when one feels like making good resolutions; to renew courage and strength for the battle of life. It is like turning a pleasant corner whrn, tired of a rough road, and looking forward one anticipates smoother traveling. Hopeful people are sure to feel buoyed up, and new aspirations are often born in the soul. Desires to obtain knowledge, to be more diligent in the path of duty, to persevere in removing obstacles that beset and hinder us in the accomplishment of the good we are striving for. There is always, silently at least, a hope that the new year will bring more of happiness than of sorrow, and that we may matte steady, if not rapid improvement and growth in those things that seem to us most desirable to attain to. Many promises made in good faith may be broken, and no doubt are, but a little good seed is perchance sown even by promising one's self, for an exertion to do good and overcome the evil must be more or less beneficial. We are in some measure the creatures of circumstances, and as Paul said, "When we would do good evil is present with us," yet by great efforts and continuous persistence, a few, yes many, attain to a very high standard of excellence. Others look on perhaps and think it wai very easy for that p&ran to oe good, everything favored the condition. Such may be the case in some instances, but one cannot jifdge by appearances. The rough road may have been uncomplainingly traveled, and not even a sigh have given token of the wounds or distress experienced, but only the one who knows the secrets of all hearts, has the earnest been the witness of the to overcome. prayers offered up for strength we times have us all that is It a blessing to and seasons that seem to be special reminders of the duties we owe to each other, to ourselves and to Our Father in heaven. And for this reason if for no other the New Year should bring joy and gladness. Good resolutions are the awakening of the soul to a higher and better standard and indeed they may be called stepping stones to a clearer and brighter atmosphere. There are discouragements to be sure even when one has gained some foothold in the right direction for there are many alluring ways with which lead hither and attractive sign-posthither that will tell the earnest toiler, "this is the way to wealth," and "this is the sure path to honor, but turning not aside to gather wealth, or honor, or fame, that is not honestlj earned, but by persevering in the path of duty, and of that duty which is plainest and clearest to the understanding, "seek first the kingdom of God, and all other things shall be added in due time. And while endeavoring to pursue the way of eternal life, resolve to aid others in their efforts to overcome weaknesses and resist temptation, for this is true charity. The young are the ones who generally make mor&good resolutions at the beginning of the new year; and it is beautiful to witness how full of fresh vigor, and earnest faith they enter up-On ine UlStw UllUlUUiug mu iwuuaw fcuyj "fto' Are we older folks as watchful for the welfare of the young as we should be ? Do we seek to point out the shoals and quicksands to them ere they have ventured too far?. And when self-denia- l, ts - 