' - events. How merciful the - Lord has been to MORMONS, TIIJLJERBIBLE "V - v - - t "Who hath: fceliered onr report And to' whom hath the arm, of the Lord beenrerealed ? . r, AM wherefore these -- ioania from afar? ' . . ' v ' This tempest of wrath In onr ears? - ' : ' War; Te kisses of fcatcv and the fury of v ' i flnch wWspMng of horrible fears ? winds Trom ibrpad aid at home on the sweeping; bj Is Tfted the,,wofnJ, and .wearisomo,crj. m ( , , Over-com- ! dkki 'wherefore the kktlons distress What calamity crosses their path ? Are letoDs thrfr foes eren jrlant no lessf ' Mighty men, than Qollath of Gath ! What danger Impending, creates snch dismay That the drUIzed world" ara hitattlerray? ' ATiandfnT That ''i ' ' (be-Lor- d -- the wrath of a world. ThsraaJlceofrnilHona, e r.-- And why do the mnUltude sit :,t On a Yew, fn inch jndjehVarid ire? More crimes than the 'masses, do Mormons commit m iples-) past-- n .Had.siapHffTiid'and . . r . . , grand; Its substance was this,, that Jehorah at last Would eet np TTU rule In the land. . In the midst of the mountains, a people forsooth Shonld lirt np an "Ensign,' the banner of Truth ! ' . ' the dreamer, the Jew . Eyer SCO what a state, what a time, , Of trouble' there'd be shonld his rlslon come true No matter what age or what clime Should God found a Kingdom, did Daniel foretell, "Twpuld be so relations to earth and to hell ?, Did Daniel . . . Tea the prophets foretold that the i world Wonld speak "gainst, the Holy and High;' Would war with His Saints, add encompass their camps' And In conflict, Jehovah defy ' : That dominion and triumph at length should be given To the Saints who shall serve in the battle of heaven,". ' At present, 'The Stone? Is so small That's destined to rolfand to grow,' Why the Nations are troubled at all Is more than the half of them kuow; Oh is't the conviction, tho positive dread . That Truth so Eternal, muBt. prosper and spread? to-da- y. selves. aL. aty. My A MOTHER'S TESTIMONY: ' Dear LtjiJL: I Jiavp . sit- "Eye'snot seen theliintold reaanree, 'Which. tho Father hatn'ln store, Teeming with suipassfBg tJlcasrires, Eren life for erermore !" . ' : " ' , '! ' . k . "SELF GOVERNMENT. : SL ' 1 i . r-'- i the power'of con trolling;' the mjnd a person exercising'" it must, accord-- 1 ing to phrenology,"possess a great amount of intellectuality, fhe mmd Jof man, like a gaV den,, must be cultured 'and Pruned; the soil is never so rich biit, stray weeds peep forth occasionally, and," gainins: strbn? hold, choke a ten- derJ flower by. which they charice'may spring, Self-governme-nt . OWn-JiUrpOSe- is ' referred rt6 'y.l& imm& djate; iuaihtalaces as the embodiment of manliness; ,hia every act so 'ccords'with wjiat ffod should be, that ia'projaouncSl. dtinfidjnM and acknowledged as a person f flrmi Tesoluts of ; self-governnle- ' nt determinationA forcible- character &cpdjn- and sound VJ'iWMit - reasoning ifacultie toning pfthe passions. How loved-i-. s .one it--thus i tt; socieiy is ever courtea aJ....,1 ;I xiis cuuuweu Dytnose of a genial spirit, and envieTly'lhoselaclcihg this fortitude of mindrwhoseHrmriOTahviffwB are based on circumstances andhpse minds revolt at the idea of penetrating the recesses of a.noble, virtuous man's character; ' self-govanchored. Firmly; by nmiht, the tension :.rf. the brain' is tested without injury; impressions are chronicled and retained; until : is an overflowing storehouse, ffonV which the f. capacities draw, , ass theyo rehtite; uniyepal knpwledge .becpraea visibler andttha face, ita,,index, beams as a staswhen" Ht up with ,the, pure spirit of .auhoniyabje, !self willeot man. His ideas, carefully .adjusted and clothdrise before, us , like, crystal stream t l7Jn.g ;;ate issuing from a fountain, whose particles set free, separate,and revive the droo a refreshinj:. glow; anq receiving for recompense pie parched, J-- - et s he-fpind- . . kyJlfiS, tit leaflets apparent recovery,' From a moral stondpoih ; . the majprity of mankind ave; unconsciously drifted far from the path of dedorum; lience, to assert supremacy over this iSmmori current, one must, as it wefe stand al '.ne, and bear?unfeeling,lceen 'animad-l- L verpus'hutleii from a hearUess cmmu'uify; w't U the one comforting thought that he'i'hias-- I ,r of himself, can withstand the 'tempter's' fiendish wiles, and will eventually be complimented by those very ones; who at first ridi' : ' culed his integrity of manhood. . ' - While the Mo widely differing personages are before us, let us scan their: countenances one besirs-.thlikeness of his leaker; intelligence, nobleness and valor blend and. send forth? an. assurety of their presence byr that bold, frank, noble look. The other what a contrast I .How wide the chasm, Wrecked, manhood and vice have left their traces; the furrowed brow and ' tainted . air . tell; their, own, story; the sullen eyes shrink from tho steady gaze of the former, and too lateT he finds himself a slave: No one .can depend ' qq him; his word is iiaught; lie is liable, to. change .with the , first ebbing tide; like! driftwbod,he is? floating , down the stream of life, to lodgeainst the"" ' r' first Obstacle; while the rnah J moves in1' society that his derwrmnt cOm- mahds.- - He is hohoreo! andj sought for counsel,0 is a nucleus 'round which mariy Vally for l ji-port? thus, endowed with capabilities, no 'bc'1 cemes a ruler. What a 'tnafked'' affinity be- -' tween such a character and our God; 'who, evi- -' den tly, first learned to 'govern Himselfere' He entrusted in His care, our earth.- - Reflect, 0'v ye Christians ! how great will i be your joy when you appear at the immortal bar for judg-- ' words greet your ears, ment, if those "Well done, thou good and faithful servant" This we, canrte.nly.meetby, having had con- stantly for ;jDi6ttQ,,Know ;thy8el'! ;: j In v to the example portrayed, by our,, conformity Father iu . Heaven j and as , architects- - of our- -, own character?, t beeoinesj incumbent,? as obe--: dient childrento lay as the foundation . stone, - -- - r- e . ? is! Selfwernmerit'isHhy basis to'all success; it 13. ; gained1 by nswefvlflg cbhGdence mpixeVself avoiding trepidatidii liy keeping constant vigi 5 - c -- lorrledu act; thus pre ' 1 . 7 -- ; Your father joins me in best love and constant prayers for your present and eternal welfare.' i ; Your afifectionate mother, Susan K. Greene. '! Saints and Heir accusers Why is it that we have notinore faith ? Wq who have crie untq (he Lord, and had our petitions granlfed tim0 after time, how is, it that we cannot have, faith sufficient to acaim-- . plish any ahd every :t righteous undertaking f it is perhaps not expedient ihat wS shouljj at present, exercise' that divine gift to the "extent, ' that soke of t$ might desire. Otherwise. I think' it wbuTd he given "to us iff a greater de-manifested ktnongus. We than is free We haveyet no reason to fear, for the ' Lord is with us,: and He is" able tb'accompiish His .'U'-- r vc f .. ; It is a source of very great happiness to me, that all my. children am1. on the 'Lord's side cf the feattl ia ikte terrible day of "calamitous Xatter-da- v."- i . ayais " .. oeen reflecting upoii the general uation of the t "', ; - , , ! ' 1 . Emilt Hill Woodmaksib. " ! . My children, be true to God and to yourselves. Shrink . not from acy daty however dark the way may appear before you. Put your, trust in God, knpwing that this life iaof bulittle moment compared to that which t'ef faithful followers of Jesus. Christ. .... keep-- On the track that they've started to go, labor to lire, yea they plant and they reep They Ontron bled, for surely they .know ., That He whose commandments they dare to obey Doth care for His Kingdom, by night, and trjr day. " 4"": - - v The "Terrible Mormons will ' - .!- 'The enemies of jail righteousness are blinded in regard to the plan of ' Salvation and the redemption wrought out.by the atoniirg blood of Christ. Hence they wage war against those who would meekly strive to follow, out the pattern given by Jesus, and execute the purposes of His Father upon the earth. They complain of. the so called. "Mormorjs" because they make cojenants with the .Lord bv sacrifice and receive the blessings which follow , such works. It is something of which they are entirely ignorant, and into which they are, determined not to get an insight; but still they must complain and slriye to get control of the people who are seeking to serve God, that ,they may prohibit the building up of His Kingdom .upon the earth. But they will be disappointed In their designs' as those people were Who sought fo take Sway 'the rights- of the Prophet Daniel, eo that he should not even pray to the Lord whom he Berved Did those people Relieve ih' Trod or in His prophet ? They had the sam respecl for hdly beings and sacred things that our perWhat 'did they accomsecutors have plish ? Their own destruction ! And those who Saints are.seeking to destroy the Latter-da- y and the Priesthood of. Ood from off the earth today, will accomplish the same thing for them- "Away wfthsnch people ns bigotry's cry-- v Twas thnVthe Jews clamored, that Jesns should1 die. See, In the centuries r'r. - -- " A . I Is thefr friend and their pnlde, "Ckinst these JTrrrIble Mormonsn'afe renjcefnlly hnrPd ; - word-an- d tal or physical. To know thyself is. to be a kinga God of the frail, morta hak .you --possessfwhich, if not carefully piloted, is tossed from wave to wave on the sea of life, like a vessel void of a helnismanlv A man 'poWessed , ' 5 hoaafc attecj-hobfIeiiTg- iy ever - every thought, s v , . In the VaTes, of the monntarrfouj West ' ' A sprinkling of people reslde . f,H - me in answering my prayers m this, matter. ! Pbr when my children 'were small and I jised to bathe theiriittle bodies; it was" mv continual prayer that God 'would keep them from sin, cleanse their hearts ard make 'them brave to . battle for the e' evil, that right and to they might be worthy to dwell with'Himin His Kingdom. I. believe that each one' of my sons and daughter are , now i striving to serve the Lord and lay up treasures, in heaven. Havel apt reason, tot rejoice and praise God ? I feel like, bearing; my . testimony to, the truth of the latter-da- y work, ; with a Aesire, that the same abide with, my children and my children's may . childrenJbreyer..", L had the great privilege of knowing ..Jas-ep- h Smith personallyand 1, now for mjself "and not for another that he 'was a true prophet of the only true and Hying" God, : know thfit eyery principle brought forth and established by him' is of God, and that" the Lord will sup-- , who will he faithful" and 'port and sustain-thosand defending those' princdiligent seu-jipssess-ed life-givi- ng ; , Sclf-jfovernme- Jennie . itAunis. - B. Y, Academy, Proyo, Feb. 12,il88t , 