WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 2 do I believe that you do me; therefore I will keep my bad feelings to myself, as much as possible, and tell you the good. I can say with the most of my time I feel propriety that neither comfortable in my mind, to be thankful for. much we are scenes and that I have I realize that the feel called to pass through are calcul- ated to wean usjrom the world, and prepjsrc U3 for a better one. iMy desire is to live while on be a comfort and to you I to bring up our for I don't know of a person on earth that I should be willing to leave them with. Brother Joseph felt it very keenly when he children, thought faid he, ten?' 'h his wife would not live. dear,' 'what will become of my poor child "Brother Joseph Kingsbury has buried his wife and to-da- y. child She was confined yesterday. S he died within half an hour of each other. "I . must tell Quincy. Adams; ' Quincy of the prosperity in Sister Pinkhain came up to fetch Br. says there was a great turn out in you a little to hear him preach. The court house filled to overflowing, and many were believing; said she expected that Mr. Hey wood would be baptized when they returned, and she did not know but his brother-iulaw- , Kimbmust leave room all, would also. for Sister S. to write you a few lines. "I asked little David what I should tell Pa; said lie, 'Tell turn home see me' Pa my I must now bid you good night. "As ever, your affectionate wife; was I to-da- y, "Vilate Kimball." family that my mother mentions where I watched had lately come then from England and were all laying sick in a house at the steam boat landing. Katherine Walke, who was living with Emma Smith, Diantha Farr and myself sat up together: Joseph and his family attended to them, and provided medicines, watchers and whatever was needful, and this was only one case out of many where he acted as the "good Samaritan." Here 13 what my father's wife, Sarah, wrote on the same sheet, though her name she withheld because of the perilous times. "My very dear friend: Inasmuch as I have listened to your counsel hitherto I have been prospered, therefore I hope that I shall ever The to it strictly in future. "Your kind , letter was joy fully received. I never read it but I receive some comfort and feel strengthened, and I thank you for it. You may depend upon my moving as soon as the adhere . is ready. I anxious as I perceive my infirmities increasing daily. Your request with Sister to Kimball I will attend to. regard me more Nothing gives pleasure than to add to the happiness of my friends; I only wish that I had more ability to do so. I am very glad wo are likely to see you so soon, and pray that nothing may. occur to disappoint us. When you request Vilate to meet you, perhaps .you forget that I shall then stand in jeopardy every hour, andwould not have her absent for worlds. My mind is fixed and I am rather particular, but house feel still, for your comfort, I will submit. "I am as ever." It will be seen by the few lines written in connection with my mother's letter that Sarah Peeke Noon, who the Lord commanded through his Prophet Joseph, that my father should take to wife, was sealed to as him, by the mW as 1842. Joseph Smith, who Prophet, professes to be his father's successor, has (in an meeting, lately held in Chicago, a citv noted fonts enmes, and cth& deepest dens of ro&my and corruption, the description, which war lately given by a Rev. in that city, is so soul that it well be called the sickening may Sodom of the west; which is ripening so fast that be soon may wrapped again in another wnsuming fire) declared that it was not until 1852 that polygamy was attempted to be in- anti-"Mor-mo- n" it troduced in the teachings of the church, and mat lis introduction was, a snameiess incx. 01 wicked men, who were obliged to find an excuse to cover up their crimes." He must be blind not to see that his own tongue has condemned him, not only as an uninspired leader, but an unprincipled enemy to his own father's house. For he says, "In 1855 he began a crusade on his own hook, and in 18G0, when he entered public life, it was with the avowed determination to oppose polygamy evermore." Now what man of God ever went to work on his own hook,or even thought to set up his own will independent of revelation from on high? The man, whoever he was, who told Elder Joseph Smith that if an angel were to come down from heaven and tell him polygamy was wrong ho would not believe the angel, was just as much of an impostor as the Prophet's son, who made the following reply, "I would believe, but I would tell the angel to go to some one else, for I would not preach the doctrine." A poor captain and soldier of the cross he would make to stand as his father's representative to carry out the purposes of the Almighty, for which the Prophet was willing to suffer with his people, and endure every kind of persecution, imprisonment and death, for the sake of the religion which his son Joseph, under the inspiration of the Evil one, has denied, and is now leagued himself with the worstenemies of his father to destroy the work for which he had J r "This prayer pray: Lord God! thy will bo done; Thy holy will, Low'cr it cross my own, Ilanl labor this for flesh and blood." - subduing our xvills and the pride of our hearts is the deepest and hardest lesson that mortals have to learn. If Joseph Smith was in possession of the true faith and Gospel of Christ, such as his father enjoyed, he would now be treading in his footsteps; being hated of all men, and suffering persecution for i righteousness sake, instead of being where he is and lowering himself by joining in the Jiue and cry of the low, contemptible and foultmouthed hypocrites who can scacely sapUhat which; is mean enough against his martyred father, and hb most true and humble followers. To be continued. SOUVENIRS OF LILAC-TIM- E. ? . Fanciful as it may seem to practical people, who affect to ignore sentiment in its relation to the wonderful, nevertheless I have the courage to declare myself a devoted admirer, not only of the beautiful aud fantastic, but of the weird in nature. It is a part of my composition, and perhaps I am not altogether answerable if it is not strictly "proper." Lilacs are one of my especial weaknesses, for they are associated with the earliest recollections of my child-lif- e and school-gihistory. I never see a lilac but it calls up tender memories connected with rl lilacs with leaves. Artistic shrubbery that forms many a shady pathway round the homes of the people; within whose shadow many a love- - tale has been told and troth plighted;the very name is musically poetical. Love letters have been hidden away from curious eyes mid the luxuriant branches, to wait the coming of to read his true-lovethe ardent sweet-hea- rt words by starlight. And, if I may tell, it oft holds many a precious secret silently. How pleasant to recall the sweet remembrances that linger round the lilacs that bloomed in the dear old garden and door-yar- d of our thousand home. A other beauties early, happy and all these have their come with lilac-tim- e affections and mingle freely with place in the external objects. All have their associations and call up particular incidents, persons, or friendships each one having its own peculiar music whjclrfinds its echo reverberating thro' the brain and the sight J of one of these strikes the chord or touches the note which wakens responding symphony in the soul and a long train of half remembered indistinct thoughts struggle for recognition in words. heart-shape- d 's theli-lacbus- Springtime and beauty of wood, of 'field, grove and glen, songs of birds, hum of bees, and e'en the melancholy dance of butter-fliecroaking of the melancholy frogs, the jocund and sparkling brooks, the cerulean sky; these The wood violets are synonyms of lilac-timwe call wild, little, pale delicate emblems of How innocence, abound at this season. often have l eathered them in my woodland rambles, and how grateful wa3 their exquisite How tenderly they appealed to fragrance! the finer elements of my nature as I wreathed them with the soft, fresh, green vines, and my own love of the fantastic and weird grew more and more apparent as I listened with keenest zest to the sounds of forest music. Only "those wh6 know," can appreciate the feeling that comes to the soul awake to all the fancies, as veil as realities of a deep wooded dell, lhe pearly drops of morning dew on leaf and flower and made of grass, the charming atmosphere at sunrise, the rich delightful sunsets, the evening twilight, the starlit nights, the mellow, healing moonlight all these are assoc. The early lilies, bright iated with and beautiful, always reminding us of the Savior's words "they toil not, neither do they spin'' beautiful words which lead us to "Consider!" In the lilacs the sing and swallows dart swaytn the light boughs and hither and thither, and 0 how delightfully the music mingles with the happy thoughts of A youth and maiden. s bloom, and Then too the daintily the pink and white perfumed leaves bestrew the ground. The bird are building their nests and singing pretty songs to woo e their mates meantime, and thus it is that and the pale apple-bloosymbolize the To linger in the orchards and drink in the sweet fragrance in the open air, while the happy birds keep merry time to the music of fond hearts, is to partake most us freely at nature's banquet. It is good for to cpmmune thus with nature's heart, to cultivate in our souls an intensity of affection for the artistic works of a.divino being, and become endeared to Him more and more through our high appreciation, not only of his love for us, but all that he has caused to be for our. joy and delectation. Communion: with the mysterious in what is termed the vegetable kingdom, exalts one's nature by very contact, and, indeedwhen one speaks of heaven, or paradise it is always as the place of hnmortal flowers, and is associated in the mind as artistically perfect in all its characteristics. Etf- e. A h of s, ne it, and believe j.he doctrine to be infamous, root and branch." Here he contradicts himself, whicli is only another proof of his infidelity and lack of inspiration, and wisdom from on high. He was hardly old enough when his father was killed to know or understand what his faith consisted of; but if he entered public life with this avowed determination, which he declares he did, how could he expect to obtain any proofs either one way or the other? For the Lord re quires of his children honesty and sincerity of heart and purpose, in which selfishness mus have no place, and sweet-scente-d their handsome foliage, great, "dark, green suroNnauh de-vi- The like electricity. and at last lay down his life. Hisjson declared that, although he had been accused of being an apostate, he had always been true to the faith taught by his father; and "I have eagerly sought for a proof of the inspiration of polygamy, but can not find to the past, that thrill me through and through lilac-time- blue-bird- s apple-orchard- lilac-tim- m, love-makin- g. Aunt 