7 " " .. - " ' LINES.' 8ngge6tcd by a discourse delivered in tho Tabernacle, J?itjr, Ang,.13tb,lSS2 by a young missionary, ' : ' Matthias Cowley. Not like a flower that climbing lifts, ' Its chalice to the sky, , But like a vine Uiat tangling t Where'er his pathway lie. ' ""ATHFIIkolho vine, so, neath the feet Tram yled .t to be ' TOfcTIoOTe like withered bn nch "Droop from thy parent tree. S &lt Lake ': .yet 'tho seed" wag all good by "tho sower" implanted " " ..But to much of it fell on such profit Ices soiU Oh I not unto alFis stability granted, And seemingly Tain is "the husband-mantoil. , ' July, , -- . A REPRESENTATIVE AV0MAK. . not in jain, not in vain, doth he labor, If he turns but ouq soul from his errors away; MARY ISABELLA a Savior, HORNE. And ehall hide many tine, at, the gnat judgment day. zCvntinvzfc Andjliey,jrhe " ' z : 3.U--- '1- ThonghJLhe JaBnesjLmpte And shall shine as tha 6tars in the firmament bright. children of Zion" May our young men and maidens, Bofill'dwith the zeal that the Gospel iu spires; May they all love the Tight, and be bold as alion For the truth, e'en tho faith of their mothers and sires. That the Lord may hftve labor'rs indeed to rely will vigilant be, till their life lease expires. May they seek to le wise to Obtain understanding, Yea, covet the knowledge, our God doth bestow, That the LisrdTpcaklng through" them attention com. -,'. manding The hearts of their bearers within them shall glow, : Oh could we but 6ee all our youths' thus expanding, What peace and what pleasure7 their parents would ' know. -- -- on-W- . - '" ' . T7" Emily Hill, Woodmanseh. Salt Lake City Aug. 14th, 18S2. Math. 20th ch, 9th and following verses. HONOR A'.TO HER BABE. I won thee down by the gates of death, And must 1 go again, woo a To win by test of deeper rHis smile and praise as then ? My arms were weary with thy dear weight, Whcn his might have rested mine, Thcy were wound around a stranger's lorm, Instead, sweet babo, of thine. - Kisses that would have quieted thee, On a wanton's lips he pressed, And thou hast a poisoned sorrow drained From thy poor mother's breast. I am faint my love, am wcakbut no Thy mother must not fall, But mount the watch-towe-r of her soul Along this gloomy wall. To height and breath snblime. Away from these venomed eyes that shine With light like baleful star, To freer heights where grander soula, Lion and eaglo are. My lips are faint, my love, for food, The gold his hands denied, Is lavished free In tempting fruits When sbe is by his side. - - 1 1 irrd s. "' ' : : " ' " There is nothing more delightful, than a house fulL of cultivated, younff people, es- pecially, those who. sing and play, and J are somewhat accomplished." Large families where all is orderly and each one takes pleas- other's happrnes3 aretheTOcTmnn7 ing homes- - Such, a one was Mrs. Home's; peace, contentment and quiet brooded over the Habitation and like the woman mentioned in Proverbs, "She openeth her mouth with wisdom and in her tongue is the law of kindness," "She looketh well to the ways - of her house-- " hold, and eateth not the bread of idleness." Mrs. Hofne is not only industrious herself but she has trained her children in habits of industry and punctuality that will recommend them in every situation in life, whether public ' or private. -- Mrs. Home's eldest son Henrywas married-Ju- ly 24th, I860, to Miss Mary Ann Crismon. This was quite an important-even- t, being the in so a first marriage large family. It was a union in every way desirable to all parties concerned and has proved to be a- happy one. At present and for some years past, Henry Home has resided with his family in Paris, Idaho, where he is highly respected. On the 5th of April 18G1, Mrs. HorneV fifteenth child was borne, a daughter, and was named Clara Ella. The mother's health had been quite delicate for some time," and she was ill prepared to endure any additional hardship or trial, but about two weeks after the birth of the babe Mr. Home was called a second time to go to the Missouri river to meet a company ' of Saints. This was a severe trial, with such a large family, to be left with all the responsibility of the household and a young babe to take care of. But Mrs. Home trusted in the, help of a higher than an earthly power or she" could not have risen above the heavy burdens she-wcalled upon from time tp time to endure. The little Clara was rather a delicate child and required much care and attention In the month of May she wa3 taken very ill and it seemed beyond the power of human aid to save her; she was so low at one time that ; she ceased to breathe and it was thought she he ' . f m dead, bu t through mighty .faith and active same: year the babe. whooping cough which,. to all' human appearance, threatened to destroy her life, yet .through careful cursing, faith and ad- ministration according to the order of thai y 13 a healthy, Gospel she was saved,-anpromising young woman, with the highest " possibilities of attainment in view. '.'J. Marriages are always interesting events, and in large households, where; there: are several young people, they are generally merry making times, seasons to look back u pon with pleasure in ycar3 afterwards; so. it has been in me family. The eldest daughter was married the 15th of April 1862, to Edward M. Webb; just twenty years ago now. They reside at the present time in Deseret, Utah, and have several children. - The next rather important event in the family was the mission of Joseph Smith Hurne to Europe in May 1865. His des- tination was Switzerland. Mrs. Horne,jalthouffh a tender nnd nfTpptmnntn mnfjfib rdnnoA to"-1 worthy the preach everlasting Gospel in foreign lands, and labor in the vineyard of his Lord and master, and her prayers were fervent iiHiis behalf that he might fill the mission honorably,- to ' convince tho honestm "laboring faithfully ...... : it tt wents neari. tier prayers were answered, lie forth in the fear of the Lord, a stranger in a land, without the" knowledge of the language spoken in that country. He first studied the German language and succeeded so well,that in a short time he was able to preach a little, and gradually - gained so complete a knowledge of German that he accomplished good work, remaining awayithj-e- Tyearsnd a half.lNovember. lOth, 1867, Mrs. Home's" second daughter. Leonora Taylor was married to - George 13. Spencer, son of Elder Orson S pencer.-T- en days after- - thei r marriage tho young couple left Salt Lake City to go South and assist in colonizing on the Muddy, a mission that many of the Latter-daSaints have reason to remember. . It was one of the many difficult and laborious missions that the Saints have had toend'uro!T01ie.l settlement of the " desolate, barren, desert lands, in Utah. This wedding tour was entirely different to the fashionable trips taken nowadays. .Indeed itll is scarcely possible for the young people of Utah to appreciate what the lathers and mothers, grandfathers and grandmothers have done, : and the hardships they. have endured to make these happy home3 and surroundings that the children enjoy at tho present time. Mr. and Mrs. Spencer have had several children and have five now living. They reside in Paris, Idaho at presen t Mrs. Leonora Spen cer gives: r promise of being a strong-minde- d woman, like her mother; is already very active in all benevolent work, and has decided prmciplesoL ." er own. The 20th of September 1868, Eichard S. Home was married to Elizabeth Trice, and on the 18th of November of the same year Joseph who had returned home in August from his mission was also married; Lydia Ann Weiler, : daughter of Bishop Weiler of the third ward-SalLake City, was the happy young bride. Soon after their marriage they went to live at Gunnison, Joseph having been called to preside as Bishop over that place. He was quite a young man to fill such a responsible position, but he was in every way worthy the honor, and uy xnscourse j,ne aDimyiana enter-pris- e juamicaieu so requisite in the performance of the duties of a Bishop, and father of a ward. Mrs. Home had then five children married and all living so far from home that she could not see them without taking journey of a. few days, and at that time traveling- - about the country was all done" with teams-- , -- to-da- - Parowan; and the husband's return from Dixie, prosperity 'seemed to dawn upon them propit-.01- 1 eed a ha ppy one. sly, and it i r h om and into manhood and Boys girls jui merging womanhood attracted attention to the house, and the young people of the Ward, and indeed of the City, were fond of spending their evenings at. the home of these y ou n g fol ks; the children were all of them singers too, and musically as well a3 socially inclined, which generally makes homes more attractive, not only to the inmates but to friends a,nd acquaint-ance- - O, guardian angel s ! reach thy handa And help these feet to climb, Up from this venomed poisoned marsh, Rather is she like berries ripe, Or wine that gloweth red, That tempt the hands and lips to take, And nils th thoughtlm bead, v MerJLheurJaantiheorn nre-in-t- A FRAGMENT, Upon her bosom the flaunting flower No tender grace doth bear, Nor odor sweet to reveal for her A spirit fine and rare. ho :, . Who work in "the... vineyard" with zeal l and with might, MUmmiimn the-.Ho- AU! no, Tor such, he shall even te counted ,1,, - U-i'- l . y ,n . August a Jotce Gjoc.hkkok. " riiiiltrtrn,, d , . iirfir t. iAgatn'HTlhejr.lhe Clartrr' haa " And yet as olt from withered branch Tho weak a staff may make, Ea thou my lore doth res t on roc Tho while my heart doth break. How many grow Cold, yeajLbelrJ'flrsnoyoHs frozen; to too light, tney perceive not a raj', "flow many are call'd, but how few are the chosen, How etrait is the gate, and how narrow Ihc way." rmihTiiiii'ir'- 1 was lt The cares of Ihc world" the demands of existence, ' 5 - Encnmbcr bo many, who mean to bo true; If wo seek not the Lord, and bis promised assistance . We ke-- not the end of our caiiiiig in view.! M" lire t AN? 8 : E X'P: 0 N:E N T M W--O . as i&Xe& -- 1 e " y , -- i 7 To be Continued. 