... -- ' " ; ' ' ' r " ' ": ' Amiedirri BJiSSriitd. HXmsses J, ; ws ' bcxnr - ' - r: Jones, Robert Gardner Sen., Robert L. Lloyd and Harrison Burgess." Theremarks were very appropriate, comforting and consoling, to the family and friends of the deceased; The remains were taken to Cemetery followed by a large concourse opeoj)leinwagons, andrinterred by the Idde of her three children, two ofjwhom had been -buried within" ItieT lasteight months; She was r the mother of 11 children, and 24 grandchildren. She leaves aThusband, and 8 children 4 sons and 4 daughters, and a numerous circle of relatives and friends, to mourn her loss. She was truly a faithful Mother In Israel, a true Latter-da- y Baint, and a firm believer in all the principles of this great Latter-da- y work. A short time before her demise, she bore a faithful testimony, with -the sis ters cf the Relief Society, of which Society she had been Second Counselor since April 1 1877. She expressed gratitude to her Heavenly Father, that she had been privileged to raise her family In the celestial order of marriage, that her footsteps had been led and guided by Provi-dencout of the paths of the wicked and ungodly, and planted on a sure foundation, felt If she lived, she was In the hands' of the Lord, and if shejdied she was also in his hands. Exhorted her sisters to faithfulness and diligence, to unity and endurance to the end. Surely her life and character is worthy of imitation. - S. M. Bargoss and E. M. Jones, Committee. r-i - -- the mother of dld in th - l Heixx Tjiacjceiuy, -- Presldeat.z Btfy.' - Ut)jrss igned, which caused ul to be reorganized. Wo had a visit from Mrs. A. Rogersjan the 17th of . August, when shetttra4ed"OThaluty. - Mrs. Maggio Grant was appointed President; and' ELIZAUETH BlJlCKWELL, Croyd?nJlelief Sodetr.-- r; MukjuidIre.enieri3rdht7 - Mrs.LucyB',iuiss racKreu younseiors, juna secretary; with two assistants. Mrs. Rocrers expressed herTwishes for pur success, and left herrbelsirTg with the children and their teachers, and she felt weswould go forward in our labor of love. -' "Vhibgsuccess. for amarieslthioughout ion, x am yoursm tne covenant Julia Fackrell, Sec'y. . N r."Associaon, when it wairorganized iiere three years ao, and has faithfully preformed her duties, until death tailed her. She leaves a hus band, three children and a largecirele of friendi to mourn her loss. jllvT"? 'h-:1-' WhereasGod has seen fit to take from our midst our beloved Presldtnt Resolved, that we the members of the Y. L. 31. 1. A, do sincerly hear tfcis sym- mourn her loss. andextsn(i pathy, to htr husband and family in their great ; -- - bereavement. r.-- g - : iventoItheOld-FolksinalrrLakeCit- y.1 Also told of tUe trials of the Saints in the, Prophet Joseph's day; was proud to have a name and standing in the Church and kingdom of God. The appeal fromjthe Deseret Hospital was then read by the Sec,y. .President Hatch spoke to the sisters, said he was pleased to know the societies are in a prosperous condition. Said a portion of the Tithing should be used for the support of the poor. The sisters should look after the sick, ancL see that they are cared for. Said the Deseret Hospital is an institution worthy the support of Latter-da- y Saints. Gave the sisters some excellen t . counsel in re-- 7 gard to .their duties. Sister Brown r spoke7 briefly, was pleased with the remarks which had been made. A good spirit prevailed throughout the Conference, which adjourned for 3.months. Benediction by T. H; Giles.' 3Iaey Jeneen and Kettii2 S7Tones, "Coun. selors. Ovid Relief Society. ( Deseret News please copy.) Died: In North Morgan, Utah August 6, 1682 Elizabeth S. C. Grover, wife of Thomas Grover. and daughter of Martin and Adelgenda Helner, Deceased was born in Pennsylvania, April it 1848. She leaves a family of seven children one infant sixhours old, at the time of her death. She was a noble and affectionate woman, a thorSaint. A good wife and tender ough Latter-damother, faithful in every position in life. As a member of the Relief Society she was beloved and respected by all with whom she was associ. ated in her labors. She was a favorite among her friends, and the feelings of those who are called to part with her cannotJbeexpresscd in y wordi lour sincere iym- - We-desire-toli- xtend pathy to. the bereaved- - family, t h e young" hus band and father the little children thus deprived of a mother's loving cart, and the aged father and mother, but we know she has gone to a better home, where sickness and death cannot enter, and where all tears are wiped away. May our Heavenly Father soften this great affliction to those so sorely grieved at her loss, and may they be able to say "The Lord giveth and the Lord taketti away, blessed be the name" of the Lord. Elizabeth Worlton, Sec'y. R. S. North Mor' . ":1 gan. mmmm".r ... fR S., Y. L. M. I. A. AND PRIMARY - . jr. - ;- - - - Avis M. Beokson, Ass't ADVICE OP AN AZTEC MOTHEEJ TRANSLATED. FROM ' SAHAGUN'S HISTORIA DE NEUVAESPANA," LIB. VI. CAP. XIX. ' Hon reader may have a correct idea of the strange ' mixture of simplicity, approaching to childishness , and moral sublimity, which belongs to the original. ization. . HEBER CITY- - The Conference of the Relief Societies of Wasatch Stake convened in Heber City Hall Aug. 11 1882. Present were, Pres. Emma ; Brown, her Second Counselor, Mary Day bell, . the Pres. of the several societies, local authorities. Pres. Hatch, T. H. Giles, Bishop dock and other brethren. After the usual opening exercises, the minutes of the previous Conference were read and accepted. Written reports were read by the Secretary. The several wards were then represented. East Heber, Mrs. Rasband; West Heber, Mrs. Foreman, Midway, Mrs. Gurney; Wallsbury; Mrs. Clifton; Charleston Mrs. Taylor; Center, Mrs. Richardson. The Primary wes well represented, all seeming to be in a prosperous con: ditaon. Congrence adjourned until 2 o'clock, . singing and Benediction. WEST BOUNTIFUL. Association of West Bountiful ww Ward, organized on th47th of May 1881, have thougJd it best to have this tranda Imade in the most literal manner, that the - REPORTS. .The Primary " Afternoon session sin eincr, prayer, sineincr. Primary reports were then given, showing the spiritof improvement. H Sister " Duke, from Proyo, spoke to Tis a short time, relating some pleasing incidents; relative to the Excursion, -- -- , -- ' : the-Prim- ary We have had good S and have endeavored to instil good ' meeting, principled: into the minds of the children under our care, our labor have been blessed; Our President; Mrsr Jane EWtffejwS bt childreut --r- -- Prcaidfeaiof MrureliaTRogtra, of ,t he talced - by of three months, par oline Mathilda Petersenlwsborn-l- n --I)anmark 10th, 1533, and emigrated to Utah In 1863. rAug.was Mt apArt as PresIdent pf the Y. L. M. 8h ' -- She thpSSaf terarTillness Dr. Rigg8CeIebrated for his treatment of cancers; while there erysipelas in the head'set in (of which dlseaseTehe had had a severe attack the Winter previous.) and died August S, 1S82, hav- - f log been thereabout three weeks; during which timer she had received every care and attention, "from the Dr. and hia family, and her untiring faithful nurse, Mrs. Smith, daughter of the late sJippDj2ke.JEer remains ere prepared "for"' burial, and placed in a Metallic Coffin, accompanied by her husband and eldest son was placed on the cars, and brought to Pine Valley, where they arrived on the 12 Aug. 5 o'clock a.m. 37 hours from Pro vo. n SundayJ3Jns. at 2 p. m. her remains were carried to the Meeting House by her sons and friends followed by her beloved husband and family, the Relief Society, the Y. M. M., and -- Young Ladles, and Primary Associations. The for the occasion speakers were, Bishop F. W. r(.'v.iiik.. 8lowwfj EN TV Died: In OTidiBerJLAke CoIdahOirAug- - wle, the eomTafcn3Ctheir 7deUnyplevmg : them in Jane, 1S4S, to go cn a mlsifrn to En& , landTSheTeiJded in Salt Like C(iy from that date until called South, in the fall of 1 $32, .when-- , with her husband and family she settled in Pine t Valieyv Washington County; until July 17, : At 'that tljneshe went to Ptoto to be treated by Sarah Aim Storer. Deceased was born Deo 21st . 3 loon m r, aoa, jugiaua. JmDraced the Gospel in 1830, emigrated to Utah 1872. She . has rilled the office as Teacher in the Relief Society since its first organization la this Ward; and has been faithful in the rrformance of her duties, when her health permitted. She was a regular attendant at our meetings, and was ever ready to testify to the truth of the work she had embraced. The disease which terminated her life was cancer in the back of the neck, from which she sdfredrnnlnIwa5ta - : Died: At . Croyden. Moriran Co. Jnl v l a. i rq had XPOK ix boys and two girls, all of whom are yet "" :' rr'-. v living. "tha "Chareh of Jesas Christ cf L;ttr-4Saint?, in w united wfcea Terr rocng, rrtiriage to -Hirrisoa Burgs: in Nftuvpo, Feb. G, 1845, Shev thared the persecaUcJQ?, and was driven with the Saints from that place; emigrated to Utah, Joar c ey tin jperfor jmin her hobandi company with Sophia M. Barg e, onnB - S&Ur. T . w - It is the ' . product of the twilight of civile - - . "My beloved daughter, very dear little dove, you have already heard and attended to the words which your father has told you. They are precious words, and such as are rarely spoken or listened: to, and which have proceeded from the bowels and heart in which they have been treasured up; and your beloved father well knows that you are ids daughter; begotton of him, are his blood, and his flesh; and God our Lord knows that it is so. Although you are a woman, and are the image of : your father, what more can X say to you than has already been' said ? What more can you hear than what you have heard from your lord and father ? Who has fully told you what it is becoming for you to do and to avoid; nor is there anything remaining, which concerns you; that he has not touched upon. Nevertheless, -- that I may do towards, you my whole duty, I will say to you some few words. The first thing that I earnestly charge upon you is, that you observe and do not forget what your father has new told you, since it is all very precious; and persons of his condition rarely publish such things; for they are the words which belong to the nobl and wise, valuable as rich jewel?, ; .. 