HISTORIAN'S OFFIC.F , 136 ' Salt Lake City at"- - any hour of the clay or for night, if necessary, without fear of insult, a and every man we met would be a brother friend.' But alas! this state of things did not continue. Civilization came into our midst, and the efbrte of our Christian friends have not only been successful in "building churches on many of our corners,. but too many of the opposite corners are occupied by the dealer in intoxicating liquors, and the gambling hall is there, with nil the allurements of vice to lead astray the unwary; and after the shades of evening fall it is no longer safe for innocence to walk the streets of our city unprotected; "while the strange woman spoken of in Proverbs, seventh chapter, Ttcth in wait to see if she cannot' catch some of the simple ones and lead the scarlet-robe- d youth of Zion astray. These are the wpnien; but they belong not to us. They are a necessary institution of the opposer- - of work. This is lamentable; and this latter-da- y shall the women of Utah keep silent when their dearest and most sacred rights are being invaded? No; rather let us raise our voices and cry aloud at the injustice done us, till the nation heara us and respects our rights. Let us prove to the world that we are not the ignorant s slaves and of men that the Honorable Senator Morgan of Alabama would represent us. Mothers and daughters in Israel, arouse yourselves and show the world that our morality is at least of as high an order as that practised in the light of the civilization of the Capitol of our country. And though our sensibilities are as delicate, and our affections as tender as the best and truest man can desire, yet, when we go to the polls, wo understand full well our privileges, and vote for our friends and those who will work for our best interests; for men who honor the Constitution of our country, and not. for those who would defraud us of our right?, who would sow dksension and introduce debauchery amj demoralization into our midst. We want men to represent us who understand the principles of purity and virtue, and practice them in their own lives. Theso are the principles we will teach our sons and our daughters; and when men come among us seeking for office, who disseminate falsehood and trample on our rights, they will ever and always, I trust, find themselves confronted by the Women of Utah, bond-servant- Piikbe C. Young. IIOAK'B n'S SPEECH IN THE SENATE. RESOLUTION FOR A SELECT COMMITTEE ON woman's RIGHTS. I do not understand that thr. rsident Jir. ;uo.;.a which the honorable Senator frdm Missouri ia h3 discussed oeio.re the Senate. with so much eloquence No question of the of suffrage to any portion of our ex-teasi- on citi- zens is raised by the resolution which is before the Senate. The only question now' is, first, whether Senators like the honorable Senator from Missouri will prefer to decide this question before it is heard or after; and next, whether if one-hathe population of this an have interest which their represencountry desire to tatives present to Congress, it will bo more convenient to give them a hearing by one of the standing committees of the Senate or by a separate committee appointed for that purI suppose the Judiciary Committee pose. would be entirely competent, and would be for many 'reasons entirely appropriate, as the proper organ of the Senate to hear the request of these ladies; but the Judiciary Committee is crowded with great subjects, and as one very intelligent Senator observed to me Yesterday, "Send the matter to the Judiciary Committee, for they never report on anything' This com- lf of Latter-da- y WOMAN'S EXP 0 NEST. mittee is proposed, not alone to hear any representation or arguments which maybe proper n to be heard in regard to the question of Suffrage, but in regard ta- all subjects where these ladies think their sex lies under an improper legal disability. Mr President, I in this suppose that the wildest conservative Common country will not deny that the old Law, in defining the rights and duties of English and American women was not only unjust, but almost brutal, No matter what might be Vo-ma- the degradation of the husband, the person, , the earnings, the personal property, the, real estate for life of the wife were absolutely in his power. The discussion of this class of questions has convinced the American peepte, I believe, to an absolute unanimity of judgment, that the law which permitted the husband to beat his wife with a rod varying in size with the thumb of the Lord Chief Justice or Chancellor, which denied her the right to secure the earnings of her own day's work, which denied her any voice or control in the education or custody or direction of the children which she had borne, was not only unjust, but almost brutal. Within our national jurisdiction, with Congress organizing the institutions of the great Territories, which are to become imperial States, is it not fitting that that class of considerations should be gravely, fully, adequately considered? If so, I do not see why the honorable Senator from Missouri (who, I know, entertains as high and chivalrous a regard for the sex to which our motherj and sisters and, wives belong as any man On this floor) should not unite with me in providing, for giving a respectful and thorough hearing, which it is impossible that any of the standing committees of this body can do, to the petitioners on this class of subjects. Unless I am misinformed, it is the rule of the Judiciary Committee, from which they almost never depart, to give no hearing at all, a course to which they are constrained by the necessities of the business committed to them. Therefore, entirely independent of, any question of the right or propriety of extending suli'rage to the women ot this country, it seems to me eminently proper and fitting that this committee should be raised. I agree with the honorable Senator that if it wero the purpose' of the advocates of Woman Suffrage to degrade any w oman of thb country to tho level of the masculine ward politician, who at present is governor of so many great cities, aud so many great States, it would be a conclusive answer to this proposition. That is not the purpose. It is not to degrade woman to the present level of masculine politics; it is to elevate masculine politics to the present level of woman, to which the advocates of this reform aro giving their efforts. I do not think the honorable Senator from Missouri, or the honorable Senators from any other State whatever, at present or in the past, have shown skill enough in the matter of governing; States to enable them to claim any special superiority for the masculine intellect m dealing with that particular subject. I think myself that in determining the policies which shall govern out schools, the most important single question which come3 before legislative bodies; in determining the policies which shall govern our civil service, which is so largely filled by women in determining the questions which concern the sale of intoxicating Jiquors, and all the class of questions where the sphere and the purity and the morality of American citir, zenship are concerned, we may well,, before we come to a conclusion, count the voteand ascertain the judgment and obey the. wish of the women of America. Proud as I am of the history of this country, proud as am history of the English race to which I belong, I do not think that it has shown any absolute wisdom or inspiration in its capacity to provide for the government of States, which enables it - to look with disdain on the proposition to avail itself of feminine purity, of feminine instinct, or of feminine wisdom, in dealing with the great subjects with which States have to deal. l of-th- e MIDWIFE IS WANTFTV TO LOCATE COMPETENT A A permanently at Caatto Date In Emefy County. inducements offered. Correspondence soMelud. m. .a.. IB. 33 X 3ST iDxnsrpor) S.Ti TI ATTENTION SPECIAL te3?$XA5"f"f??f ??A frtvn - ST KAIN Teeth Carefully Extracted. FA12 Teeth Inserted tfWh trt n. Full mtknt to Swtt - PAID Preserving the teeth. N.ntiTrftl - OFFICE: Special BISHOP 3 ASFEl (PETERSEN, Castlo Dale, Emery to., Utah. Address: and in tho iini tloss Worb Unarftuteed. OPPOSITE SALT 1ME p a box, on. HOUSE. .Tt&:JL. y& Q. AND RETAIL DEALERS S5- WlfO LESALE IN DRY GOODS, NO T I O N Si GROCERIES, HEAVY & SHELF HARDWARE, GLASS & QUEENSWARE, AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS, Etc. Of 1 XI 33 Zj AjD:Z 33 Salt Lake City and vicinity will And the LARGEST and BEST SELECTED STOCK of BOOTS, fullSHOS and desirable & SLIPPERS, lines, bust brands Also, " Oliildrou's 33io Snoos, the YourOrdtrt art obo 1 West. n Solicited. VST GEO. JDTTlsrjFOT&lD- - FOB SALE. Home - l!n,lo SILK, AT VTImV$ COMMISSION STORE. f to-da- y; Saints. IiA'RGrX; forSTOCK by JOHN L. Of Home Made Trunks Salo , CUTXEK, Agent for Lbo i'KOVO WOOLEN MILLS, OW ( oimtltntlon Building also HOME MADE CoUon Battlni Brown Tarns, Blankets, , Lin&eya, Jeans, Wool Batting-- Whlto Yarns, Colored Yarns, Cassimers, Tweeds, Flannels, Shawls, . PALACE OF FASHION, No.-1- 7 Brooms, JVaahboards, Etc. EAST TEMPLE ST Desires tfe Ladles of Salt Lake and those visiting-- the Cltyi to call at her Show Rooms and boo her New Stock of MILL1-NEI1The latest and most stylish mode of I bits and Bonnets, la Straw, Pelt and Velvet. Also, a nloo selection In Flowers, Feathers, Plushes, Velvet and Ribbons In the latest shades and stripes. Country Dealers, please CalL . Ladles' Hair Work In all Its branches. Good Work Guaranteed ! V.' P. AUERBACH & BRO. REMOVED TO THEIH CALL AND 1ST 124 1 126 SEW STORE, Nos. EXAMINE Spring and Summer; Goods, 3D A "V I JD CT . a M IE S , - TINNER, GAS WATER & STEAM FITTER. fot RUMSETS celebrated LIFT and FORCE tirr01 iH Pno lienoired on ebort notice. Orders from country promptly rtfonded. to. tW AddnsB, Datfd Jdmt, Box ' . . , , Sa3tL&U City. SALT LAKE CITY. Kent's Ctothlruj and te001! forChildren's bboeT Dry aSrtkhiZul: id Domeetics, DRIED FRUITS OF ALL Q- - GroperteaHard-- CUSSES WANTED. P.TEA RjDJEJIj. . " 