WOMAN'S EXPONENT. for knowledge, to people of both sexes to seek to become study the principles of our religion, take a nofull of intelligence that they might ble part in the great work now being done m the earth. Exhorted them to shun evil and never indulge in those practices which are adverse to morality and purity of life and character, but to adhere firmly to those everlasting principles which through faith and humility would exalt them. Mrs. M. A. House made an earnest and stirring appeal to the youth in regard to the use of stimulants and especially liquor. On Sunday morning Sisters Smith and Wells attended the Sunday School, and spoke children after the conclua short sion of the exercises. The Sunday School is in a very prosperous condition. In the afternoon, after the Sacrament had been administered, the meeting was given into the hands of the sisters. President Grarit, of Tooele Stake, with his counselors, was present and Apostle F. M. Lyman. The first speaker was Mrs. Rachel R. Grant. She spcke with much power and bore a faithful testimony, expressing a desire to labor for the upbuilding of the kingdom of God on the earth. Sister Eliza made some very interesting remarks upon obedience and the law of tithing and some others of vast importance in the Church. Sister Wells followed with a. few remarks upon the necessity of mothers being thoroughly educated, in order that they might so discipline and train their children that the highest good to Zion might be the result. ,. President Grant expressed his views in regard to the training of children by mothers, and said that whatever success he might attain it might all be attributed to his mother's careful and judicious training as he never had known a father, his father having died when he was a mere infant. At nine o'clock on Monday morning a meet-- . ing of the Primary Association was held in the meeting house, Mrs. Louisa Hale presiding, about one hundred children being present. The singing was very good indeed. Sister Eliza R. S. Smith and Sister E. B. Wells addressed the children for a short time. It was a very stormy morning or there would probably have been a much larger attendance. The Sunday School at Grantsville has commenced to" issue a manuscript paper called "The Sunday School Gleaner." The first number was read at the time we visited the school. It contained some very ably written articles, but scarcely adapted to the capacity of children. asso-ciatio- ns time-fce-t- he MEMORY. We do not desire to pick to pieces the flowers of memory, or put the dissecting knife to the beautiful fruits thereof, but we only desire to say a little about memory. . Like the flower that shuts itself at being touched, so delicate memory shrinks from being attired in language. Anxious to preserve its ideality, it hides in the the grottoes of silence. But when it returns to speak, it comes to the surface as a bubble from the deep, and bursts with a sigh, in parting with its cherished gem. ; Memory is mainly unutterable, and mainly can.be but felt. We can only delineate the outward. But venturing on definitions, let us name it moods of the soul, recalled from 4 thepast Enjoyments'5 of memory have no resort in mysticism, which is only a subterfuge for ideality, invented by evil powers; but ideality, within a sacred sphere, is it recallings from the first estate, vibrating in the soul from the mansions of bliss? We think so. In common life, joy and sorrow, love and hatred, hope and de spair, etc., is felt according to the soul octaves developed. Of the vibrations of these different conditions of mind let us say: the mood is the resonance. Hene when memory is set to the vibrations work, have to be set in motion, in prder to produce the resonance, in the finest of instruments the soul. To recall happy moods, without tainting them, requires qualified practice. Agreed that virtue is godliness, retained on conditions, admitting of the power to recall happy moods, and beina an enjoyment of the highest order, it then also follows that by departing from virtue the power to recall is lost. But when lost is the mood entirely forgotten? What is regret? Let us call it an unhappy mood: in want, a grievous missing of what is lost. But if missed it is not entirely forgotten. Where by sacred giik; joyful memories have been born; by departing1 from virtue, essential to the retamance of those gifts, such memories become "savors unto death." But we shrink from looking into the psychology and horrors of apostasy. In this case, the demoniac oscillations of memory between hope and despair, must be a monotonous, eternal desolation, from which there is no escape. People in sorrow will erringly flee for relief to places where happy memories were born to them; thinking that it was the place that gave the memory existence; while it was the happy state of mind at the time, that gave its charm to the place. In the profane .esthetic sphere is sometimes found a sickly desire to ruminate over again, memories, that have lost their nourishment or joy to the soul. It is crazily to confound hope with memory. Let us take Homer's masterpiece as an instance: She waited and waited a, long, long time for her lover to return; but he did not come. Then she turned to memorizing her hope as it was, before broken. Sanity is then gone; because hope in the past is insanity. Memories of happy childhood nonrishes the soul with cheerfulness. It was engendered, perhaps, mainly by hopefulness, and pays back in its kind. But hopelessness, is a condition, the reverse to innocent childhood, and in a sacred sphere, at least, is a manifestation of guilt, .whether of omission or commission. Nebuchadnezzar a repentant ruler, had memories of his life, when for seven years he was as a beast in the desert; grass was his food, and the dew fell on him as a punishment for exalting himself and not acknowledging the Most High, in giving him power to build Babylon. Memories of sufferings like Nebuchadnezzar's, at the time the most powerful ruler on earth, to be put down on a level with the beasts, be humbled, repent, and be restored to greatness. And then again, while as a beast of the field be conscious of his downfall, and the reason thereof; repent, be restored, and have waves of memory, of such magnitude, tells that Nebuchadnezzar was a hero. Hear, him cry out in the wilderness, in the silent night, and in the exceeding agony of his repentant soul, "have mercy, oh God!" Nebuchadnezzar was a rough stick, when on the wall of Babylon he roared: III! built this great city." But when after being restored, he whispered, "the memories of my life when I was a beast in the wilderness," he was a polished man. But what was the. mood of his soul, wheD recalling: the actions and of such a life? It must have been fear and to offend a just God. trembling for At this day, does not Jephthah's daughter stand unrivaled in Zion? As a historic picture looked at y by a profane mankind swiftly hastening on to judgment, Jephthah was a murderer, and his daughter a silly girl. But a3 a historic picture, viewed with a traditional veneration for whatever the Holy Bible- con re-actio- ns not-agai- 119 tains, profane aesthetics have tried to make a taking tragedy of it, but all profane aesthetic attempts have failed before a subject like Jeph-tha'- s daughter And like Abraham with Isaac on Mount Moriah, Jephtha and his daughter can only be comprehended by the same spirit that actuated them. Obedience to Qod lies within a sacred sphere. The sacred ethics of Jephtha's covenant, the father and the daughter knew well, as most likely also the maidens that went with her into the mountains, for the what? space of two months, to bewail The economy of God does hot Admit of profane mourning. The maidens, her friends, went with her into the mountains to comfort But what would comfort Jephtha's her. daughter? We might dramatize scenes that probably took place with Jephtha's daughter, and her friends, in the mountains, while the Lord gently trained her to be received into the mansions of bliss; we might move the pendulum between grief and joy, in that battle for victory of the .spirit over the flesh; we might endeavor to show the intensity of the struggle; but as we have every reason to believe that she did gain the victory, our object is to learn the mood of Jephtha's daughter, while she was thus being prepared to leave this estate. As everything reproduces of its trwu kind, so do the by divine interposition (as in thi case correspond with the sphere in which the soul moves. Did Jephtha's daughter in the grand final period of her mortal life, fondly linger in frail, girlish memories of mortality? No! By the gifts of God (in this great struggle) she moved forward in glorious hoDe towards eternity; but determined as she was in the start notwithstanding, she had to go through the fiery ordeal, though favored on account of her faithfulness, her angel lifting the veil, that she might look forward in hope to her Father's mansions; and as we believe, took special care, figuratively speaking to array her in the sacred robe; yet in the flesh, she was comforted in dying oF iluxu mortality, in commencing to taste the joy of immortality. Like Stephen in the council when his conntenance beamed like an angel's, she also looked into heaven and saw, father, mother, brothers, sisters and friends, there, where she was going. Her mood was swallowed up in eternity, past, present and future. Standing before the sacrificial altar, fully attired, she already enjoyed a mood of eternal bliss. Like Stephen, as a martyr, she was swallowed up in the spirit. Hence martyrs die in surpassing and unspeakable joy. The Prophet's last game with the boys. The memories of his life; his joy of youth, and delight in mingling with "the boys." And yet his life was one of sacrifice. He communed with God and angels; a stranger as it were on earth; hated; a few friends, who did not know him Lonely on earth; in part a mystery; longing to go home; but could not cowardly desire to withdraw from the battle, before Father said come. But he did know that he was going to leave hi3 friends soon, and that he was to go as. a lamb to the slaughter. While in this mood, a game, with "the boys;" his he was of Israel; the memories of his delight; the hope life, gathered in a drop of time; he was going to leave them, on this stage of action, in the hands of God. The sublime serenity of that soul, who could paint it? Who could describe it? His mood wa3 of eternity; and his God-give- n love to man, who can fathom? And after all dear reader! what do we know of a soul-productio- . re-playi- ng Hekmita. to-da- - young ladies of Monticello, HI., have signed a contract to keep no company with any young man who drinks, chews, smokes or Forty swears. 