are liable to go grand notions of freedom, and an to extremes and consider lawful restraint, erand such infringement upon their rights reroneous ideas will lead them to ignore the straints and wise counsel which parents are so well qualified to administer after long and tryshadowed by many ing years df experience, heartaches caused by anxious and' loving are HIKT3 ON MARRIAGE. This subject "will never grow thread-bar- e by esholds charm ever a it frequent discussion, pecially for the young. It is well to obtain a correct understanding of every principle or subject pertaining to our present and future happiness, and the one I have chosen to discuss is so important to our highest interest spiritually, morally and phsyically,thait there should be no guess work about it; in this, only true knowledge is safety. Ask any boy or girl what they intend to do when they arrive at maturity, ' and their truthful answer, unrestrained by false teachings, would be, "I intend to marry and have a nome and family." This natural desire arises from a spark of the divinity implanted in every breast and can only be repressed by the untiring efforts of that wily destroyer Satan whose strongest forces aro arrayed against the unity and power of the family organization and the increase of our species, riiore especially where these conditions exist under God's direct command and authority. Satan is exceedingly jealous of power and he has reigned supreme for so many centuries that he does not intend to resign his long usurped power without a long and fearful contest. But the love of home and family is bequeathed to us by our heavenly Parent, it is our lawful heritage and unless we are successful in realizing our rights in this respect the heart can never bo satisfied in time or eternity. The :at regulating nousehold affairs in which every little girl delights are but a representation of ithe ideal life of the7 wife and mother, whose deep responsibilities should become a reality, and if woman fails to realize these cherished hopes something is radically wrong. In proportion as the power of evil increases, a disregard for the sacred institution of marriage also in H creases amonxne" youtfc, ooatmpt for the marriage obligations increase among the married until this most sacred relationship will be overwhelmed by disunion and strife whose work it is to tear asunder all family ties, leaving broken bleeding hearts in their train, and only Saints will the among the despised Latter-da- y true foundation of social harpiness and prosperity be found upon the earth; but in order to realize this state, we must be guided by principles more perfect than those which have wrought such dissolution. God has revealed a plan for establishing a new order of society which will elevate and benefit all mankind who embrace it. The nations that fight against it are working out their own destruction, for their house is built upon the sand and one of the corner stones in the doomed structure is already loosened through their disregard and dishonor of the institutior of marriage. The records of divorce have become truly alarming in all part3 of the civilized world, there must boa cause for every effect and "straws show which way the wind blows." Two young people who are, or who imagine them3 selves to be truly in love, possessing, Two eouls with but a singlo thought Two heart that beat as one." have not the slightest idea of a separation after the law unites tnem. But is love all that is jreouisito to life long. happiness ? (and very few indeed will acknowledge they marry without it) Who is it that fill up the long list of divorces, or, the still longer list of unhappy marriages ? It is those who, in the morning of life, looked into the future with the fullest hopes' resting secure in their ardent, and supposed undying love, but as "Coming events cast their shadows before," so may we form a pretty correct opinion of what the future will be, providing we are guided by reason in connection with love, for ' "To be reasonable is to be happy." Young Americans have conceived some very , for their children. . that mistakes is all of most the But grievous God ask to advise of scorning or ridiculing the for wisdom in this matter-o- f such vital importance. The judgment pi earthly parents secure may prove fallible, confidence may rest in Him who is the grand architect of our being, and knows best, what can satisfy our soul's highest anticipations, 0 Never, no never enter into a marriage contract, however promising and satisfactory it may appear, without first seeking by earnest prayer and fasting if need be a testimony from your Heavenly Father. His love to the end can see while human love Were and wisdom at best, is but all guided by this rule, would there be any occasion for divorces ? Love that is founded on anything but intrinsic worth will never stand the test of time and the vicissitudes of every day life in this uncertain sphere, before which all the romantic nonsense contained in novels vanishes like pearly dew drops before the Love though ever so scorching sunbeams. strong and pure is not self supporting. It short-sighte- d. m prominent among them are chastity, honesty, intelligence and kindness; few if any natures are imbued with love sufficient to endure all things purely for love's sweet sake. However devotedly a girl loves a dishonest man or one addicted to any evil habit, that love cannot save her from the natural consequences of such things, but, on the contrary The only tends to intensify her anguish. man wno is jealous ana exacting as a lover, will probably make a hard master and tyran-ichusband. If he be shiftless and lazy, you will, as his wife, have an excellent opportunity to display your ability to support him and your family. If the lover loafs around town, smokes chews drinks even respectably (?) and swears, and these things annoy you now, as a wife they will wring your heart with misery unutterable, while your children will despite your good desires and influence, inherit traits of character to curse themselves and others. "Be ye not unequally yoked together" religiously for this is a fruitful souEfci of unhappiness. Accept no less virtue than you bestow, else confidence the basis of all true harmony will be lacking. My young sisters, ever keep in mind the fact that you will live to regret most heartily the union with one wio must steal you from home and parents because he 'cannot honorably claim you by reason of unquestioned merit Young men be not satisfied with your sweet heart's parlor accomplishments. Were she always to remain in the parlor without an interest outside of it mere accomplishments might answer your purpose. But if it be a true wife, mother and help-meyou seek, look deep into home-life, ''the heart of her there yon will finc foundation the true upon which you aro to construct your future home of happiness. In all things bo honest, sincere and faithful and you will not be compelled to exclaim as thousands do "Oh ! emptiness ! Life what art thou ! but a lie "Which I honored and greeted with hopefulest trust" But life may be devoted to the noble purprse designed by our loving Creator, and we may at last feel satisfied with our labors here and the reward awaiting us beyond. al et to-da- y; ' , Lillie Freeze. Mes. Julia Ward Howe is said to have learned Greek after he wasfiftyyearg oldv-J- 2r, - EXTRACTS FROM A LETTER. The following paragraph is from the letter of a Gentile lady who visited for some months in this city and became well acquainted with many of the people here. "God is moving the people,have to endure: the attention of the world is being directed to your valley, and God will use his people for the accomplishment of hi3- purposes. I am ever thankful that I was accorded the privilege of seeing President Young and knowing your people. Ignorance is the cause of prejudice and the southern war was the result of ignorance. W hat the result of all this is to be God alone can foresee, but I believe all will be well with your people. I have had manjr opportunities and have traveled all over this land, but in your Valley I fonnd more purity, happiness and industry, than in any other place. I may visit your home again at some future time. Give my kindest regards to good noble Mr. Cannon, what a mockery these proceedings must be to him, as he has seen for so many seasons the corruption of the men who now sit in judgment on him. Well, somewhere all will be explained. I thank you for writing to me, I will never lose an opportunity of expressing my convictions in regard to Utah and her people. Give my regards to Mrs. Wells, John W. and Brigham Jr. And tell any of the people - coming this way to come and see me, remember me to your daughter and her family and Mrs. Zina Young andMr& Home, aim all who re- member me. March 29, 1882. PLAm TRUTHS. The more recent official drift at Washington It suggests the query: Is ours, from the President downward, a government of statesmen, or of politicians, and these last not politicians of a high order at that ? Abraham Lincoln, Wiliam H. Seward, James A. Garfield, were in some sense politicians; that is, they were wedded in their affiliation and preferences to a party, and believed in such endeavors and appliances as are most lawful to render that party successful. But they did not overlook the true function of administrative government as being "by the people and for the people," that such function is best carried out, and carried out only in harmony with the original intent of our republican regime, when the just ends and true interests ofall the people of every section and of all parties and colors are consulted. This is the only basis on which a government like ours can durably stand and prosper in righteousness. No greater misfortune can overtake the community than the ac- 1 n i3 ominous. t 1 11 l the plane of mere party politicians. Men are to be deplored who come into the high places of power with no higher conception of office, than that in holding it they become dispensers of place-aii- d position. The business of an official is to perform faithfully the duties of his m r .1 r i omce wnatever ine omce is. it is a monstrous perversion and abuse when it is otherwise. The spoils system dies hard, but die it must, or the republic will perish. The existing regime actually puts a premium upon wickedness so far as it is used to serve the ends of ambition and selrishness. That "righteousness which exalts a nation" dies out in the presence of such methods at Washington as now seem to flourish. 1 . - But the flourishing is commonly short-livejust as the psalmist saw was true of the wicked of his day. Query: Were politicians, such as d, now exist and "abound, among these ? Wedchrnan, Boston Mass. The Feetcess Louise has consented to be patroness oi the Woman's Emigration Society. Ex ... 