r. ir ..j..jiL.La,iMil ii liUH.'H i " m ri t 101 WO MA N- 'S EX PONE NT . works for the Pf imary- - Associations. JFIrst the primary Hymn BodY,tien' the Masli) Rook, Bible- - Questions and Antwerp, Primary Speaker the volume here noticed, No. 1. jo. 2, and now for pale at, the "Pfr'eret News' LThe books are ... Woman's Exponent. cents. """"T Office and Ave y mentioned in our laBt number, delivered her lec ture.-o"Women In all Reforms, Pat, PrVent and Future," on Monday evening, Nov. 27, in the ISthWard Assembly .Koonia,-i- n thkityv to" an interested and appreciative audience. Mrs. Baxon is a clear, and rapid speaker, has a great flow of language, and throws her whole soul into her labor. She seems wholly forgetful of self, s but eulogfzesTher who have done to bo much elevate woman, and through her lift - She - believes ? wbmariV mankind.greateet up . fc- good lies In the because ballot, power through that she becomes a positive factor in law and. and cnr:.crqnen tly in ed neat ion , as 1s full v. awakened "well as in fociety.-TJieJadn fellow-worker- JaW-makln- g, the sense of the fact that the government needs prop?, and believes that the best purifier to" - . juidjre II- H U N - will Be women at the polte. Equality before the law is what thesa noble workers are askiDg at the hands of government; they have labored arduously, struggled against prejudice, tradition and various obstacles, but the future brightens pomewhat, for prejudice is giving way and ad j vancement for the sex is hastening on. Mrs. Saxon went to Provo on Thursday, with Mrs. Zina D. Young, to make further observations. Besides looking ovei the city, the two ladies attended the Conference of the Primary Associations and Y. L. SI; I. A. of Utah Stake. Mrs. .Saxon has a national reputation. She has traveled and spoken in public in the various States from Lousiana to Maine, She has had many flattering newspaper notices from leading journals. Senator Blair, of New Hampshire, said, "I consider Mrs. Saxon one of the most talented ladies JrutheUJnited States, and among the most effective speakers I have ever heard." " T 1 Woman's Exponent: In my article entitled "Personal Experience, JV whieh appeared In your issue of Nov. 15, the following typographical errors occur, which please correct: Instead of 1 'political polygamists, it should read "practical polygamists;" and instead of "how the blessings of the Lord rested upon the. world," "how' it he blessings of the Lord rested upon the work." Respectfully yours,. ' . - There i3 a great field for reflection inches e peculiar times, and as I sit and meditate upon the past, and the present, and look forward into the future, and wonder what will come nexfmx mind turns to that good old book, the Bible, that 1 tells us of these events that will come to pass, TprophislfeoFmany hundred years ago. Are Yes, verily, they are, just as the they coming prophets said they would. How do we look at all these signs and wonders? Are they, not a great testimony to us that we arc the true Church ? I think bo. JT - Now, my mind 'wanders back to my childhood in that dear old home in the far East, where everything is beauty. Pen cannot describe nor picture the grandeur, of the scenery of that far-c- fr home the orchard, tbe brook, and the well, with its heavy bucket and sweep pole, that d raised the cool nectar In the bucket as it rose from the well ; the nice, pleasant arbor. aflSmbl . 'Grace' 1: t nnefortho?e a- - - J scenes.? W . r 16 111 of God. no matter where they arc--. that my -I love my country and Hove liberty, forefathers fought to gain. Do we have it? It seems not; This boasted land of liberty, where 'we who were born in America, in a free country, ! are not allowed the freedom of the ballot Our enemies have wrung it from us. What foi? Because we dare to worship the true and Jiving Saints, obey the God, profess to be Latter-da-ii m it commandments of our Heavenly earner, ciaim that the. Gospel is again restored to the earth, -- believe in a prophet of the last days, and that the light of truth i3 never more to be taken numbered from the earth. I rejoice to be I am amongst them, although my friends think deluded and gone astray; but I know in whom we trust, and at last we will gain the victory, turn and then we will have freedom. Whose to crush us will it be then? Ah, these who wish too late. now, will see when it is The A word for this far off corner of Utah. lit, health of the people is good, there being but John-eotie sIcknesT" Our elder brother, Joel II. of September, at departed this life the 24th , the advanced age of eighty-years,Latter-daSaint, and one day. He was a firm and and has passed through many trials He has fought the good fight, and gone a large hence to rest with the just. He leaves family to mourn hisTbss. In are Our little Belief Society and Primary a desire to a prosperous condition, and all have of Gcd in thtse last help build up the kiDgdom davs. The last number oi mejunwwi i r r fore me. Ik glancing over ua coiumua, scenes reflections flit through my mind of former ho. FWinf.s y -- a; n. Trh . ' p 1 . XT we in the early history of the church, and what We have may have to pass through ere long. no need to fear, our Heavenly Father hath promised; in Him we trust. Jchnson,Utah. Jane C. Johnson. - arrtala-tiraes- s y - -- " n, perse-cutio- be discouraged If -- .- six-month- think we should not when we should pray. We are told to pray 10 our Father in secret, and the promise is, He will reward us openly. Aaio, we are to pray with our families. And now, dear sisters, I would hua. -urge, if you have not yet begun, and your ""bands Are not there to attend to this duty, gather as neces- your family together, teach them it h r lary to ask the Lord for spiritual as bodily food; tench them what is meant by spiritual food. Also, insnire their young and tender minds with faith to believe in receiving the things they ask. O ye mothers of Israel ! take time to Instruct your, children in the principles of the Gospel. What a responsible position we hold! and what account will we give, if we neglect to instil into their minds those truths which the Lord has use or neg- placed within our reach, and for the lect of the game we are held accountable. Our and we should - children look up to us for counsel, live so they will see by cur every act, in our we ""everyday life, that we are sincere, and that to to teach practice the principles' we desire them. to fight, and By restraining prayer we cease there are many opposing spirits abroad in the to earth; also we have our own weaknesses overcome. We are required to put on the whole armor, including the Shield Faith, etc, using all dilligence in seeking for the Spirit of God, and which, if cherished in our hearts will grow increase in us, and we will become better qualito. overcome the fied, and have more strength onward and many obstacles that lie in our path that upward. We should lay aside everything fervent easily besets us, be diligent in business, in VriK rvimr the Lord. There is something: tn do. man v duties to perform, and rais for when we ing a large family is not the least; what they consider who gave those spirits, and them were sent for, It should Incite usjojrain when they, are up in the fear of the Lord, that in. old they may not depart from it. Blessed, parent the morning of the resurrection, will thatcall her and rise up be, and her children will ner. he praiseui blessed; her husband also, and faithThat this may be the happy lot of all the of your sister ful mothers in Zion, is the prayer "". . il,. XV. j. in uuo No: rav h"me v. waT" - I often "atked arnissJiAgainere -- nf-nrl- ' our prayers are not .answered mml jately sometimes this is the case, and. for a wise purTiord desires to pose. 1 think one reason , tho see if we are in earnest; or we may have prayed for what we outfit not, and therefore have - t-t- REFLECTION moss-covere- and what would be the use of praying for what we "do. not desire? The promise is our dsMres shall be granted if we ask In faith, believing we shall receive the things for which we a?k. How, rBHoul'd .we be that we have a Father In Heaven, who la willing to hear and answer our prayers, when offered in sincerity and purity, in the name of, Jesus, tor lie is me Mediator between" the Father and man, and maketh intercession for us at the Throne of swent-scente- E. L. Saxon, whose visit to Utah we Mb1?. - Prle-tweirty- .with the grape vines and ho:iey6uckle twining over it, the d lilac and the enow-In- ll waftingtbir sweet perfume, as I sat in.the -- qool fthade on the charming1 rustic eeat, reading 2. and chatting with fond associates ; and the " quaint old church, with its pews with cushioned seats, Its tall steeple with clock and bell, its, stained window glass,long aisles and high pulpit,' where the pastor read his sermon to the congregation each Sabbath; not forgetting the low, brick RChoolhoue, wnere l nrst learnea to pro- b absrnnd Tirocress along to read. nnnnp th write arid spell, and other lessons that are never forgotten. I mue, what caused me to wander from thoe scenes of beauty I loved so well? It was the love of truth, the desire to be a follower of Christ, and to obey the Gospel sound, which Aor tr mm Th dpflirfi- to rptar mv littie -- tmes away from lheInlfluence of the wicked and of priestcraft in the valleys of the mountains, amongst the servants of God. My home here is far lovelier to me, although my thoughts will Do I and travel ttatv TSTii - tr dlv at times. v ri LI - Lehl, Oct. 18, 1S32. PBAYER. Mr Dear' Sisters: : - WOMAN'S VOICE, j and praise to My heart is filled with gratitude for the great blessings He my Heavenly Father, to vouchsafed to me, and feeling a desire may be write a few lines, I pray that Hn Spiritshall pen to my mind what I given, and dictate to at this time. There are so many subjecHowto choose one. write upon, it is difficult on mind has been much exercised ever, I by the aid of the subject of prayer, and will, Into all truth,, that Spirit which leads and guides - oflerafew Ideas on that subj ect, : The wcd3 of the poet come etco Is the soul's sincere desire, hs ' "Prayer iv . Dear Editor: Richmond, Nov. 8, L aK 1SS2. t As we always desire to aid, in our humble way to mingle our the work of tho Lord, we feel voices withthe valuable efforts of your so ably strive for the truth. seems to Every number of the Erbo.NEST and wcrth; the preceding one in interest noble defenders or truly our sisters are becoming we can cay, righteousness and virtue, nd wonders to permoves in a mysterious way. His and form." Truth ia mighty and It will prevail, ' corres-pondents,,w- ho out-'vi- e i. 