W OMAN' . f , I Just so you will find it, on examination, with , those pious soul who "turn their eyes in horror toward Utah," and who talk so freely, about -"pollution," '"degradation" and "carnality, not to mention more offensive terms among the Mormons. ' X am not prepared to say there are' no exceptions to this rule, for of course those remote from us, who have only report to informa' jtidge us by, arc not to blame if their tion is not. correct; but I know of no exception . among the "reformers" who come here jprofes: besedly to teach us "civttization." Can you lieve it ? Some openly avow their preference for'open prostitution because they say," "that .which a man buvs and pays his money for is honestly his'; ' BuFthey condemn as "filthy" ana an inai, is vne an avoweu marriage iyr umc and all eternity Responsible and proud fatherhood and perfect chastity abroad Any one who reads the papers of the 'day,- knows that sexual depravity, in all its hideousness, is devouring the meii of this generation; besides thousands of women, many of whom are of the purest and most mnocent of Eve's daughters. And it would seem that no woman would dare to marry unless she were ignorant of the frightful risks she incurs of allying herself to a monster of personal uneleariness,and through him to all the "lost" women in her community. - And when she finds herself thus victimized, how bitterly might she reflect, that a ttan who was already a kind and faithful husband, and the father of blooming and happy children,: in these very facts gives pledges of his "fitness to become such to her. He is thus tested as she has no possible means to test a j single man. But now you ask, "What of that wife and those children he' already hast Theif feelings and rights must bo considered." Yes certainly; The children are concerned in the question of heritage; but under present conditions, especially among us, where a wifocan have and hold her own property during the - lifetime of tliajiusband instead of getting only an "incumbrance" on one third dt the joint stock after bis death, and owning not even her own apparel while he lives, 'while, if there bo no children, the husband's relatives may: claim two thirds--her- e, I say, the matter of inheritance is less affected, doubled by marriages . than might be the case elsewhere. . And the wife, if shei is steeped in tradition and has, neither inspiration nor information to open her mind to the crying need of the world, of purer homes, higher motives in marriage, and better begotten, better born children with which to people it,and if she neither knows nor cares that in many cases marriage asit is,is degradation without hope of many high minded, pure! and noble course will fret and waste her nervous over the thought? that energy in jealous, self-pit- y she gives all to her husband and receives iri:r; turn only1 part .'of his attention; and v. regard. And the more her inferior nature predominates the more intense will 1 her.i and the more surely, will she instil into the hearts of. her children her ownshortsightedKand self--; ish views, and thus render them turbulent: and disrespectfulrst toward their father and other members of tho family, and afterwards without fail they will become so toward herself and each' other; and thus she sets them as well as herself outside tho bounds of any blessings which, might i accrue from tha new plan.-omarriage; which-i- f rightly conducted, would be3norej;like the; bond of. union; and "strength among the sove. reign states of our Republic than anythingelse that I can compare itith. ;M; . 'i But suppose the wife to be. well informed of the condition of the world, its! wickedness, jits d woe, its and unabashed licentiousness on one hand and its consequent shame ancL suffering on tho other; though she iiever heard-odivine command on the subject, if she have one spark of. philanthropy in her aoul, it must seem that she would look upon her own chaste, - and opprobium,,tnan even that 'which follows the ' unfortunates who have fallen into the" snares set for the feet of the unwary by the; friends whose delight is in their downfall. It is exemplified among us Hhat some are -- - Iff.' . jf k. Natural teeth. Tetfi Carefully ' Extracted. J FAtfia .Tnrn Inserted from one txxAh to a Vult SV't. in : MoetA ptifdted Manheft i kx;t to SvSt V Tint and .Flrvt C'Uu 1 mm OFFICE: that, but: it bravenbughltQbregard least not cannot be expected of all, at even yet-Bu- OPPOSITE SAlJi WKE HOUSE,: ST r . V V 9 - M m t oh, how are the mighty fallen, when- she - - who through love of God and humanity, freely d or entered this ideal state, grows lets her lamp become extinguished; and begins - DEALERS Itf WHOLESALE 4KD RETAJL faint-hearte- - DRY GOODS, . k.OJT ioi?3, QROCEPvIES, to repine; who after putting her hand to the plow, finds that she has misjudged her strength and turns back ; in the furrow, the crudest of tortures, becomes" her constant companion,' and she is unhappy and very ,aptto " V u: make others bo. state this Those who might enter heedlessly vast its of in or significance, must be ignorance content to find "marriage a lottery;'' ;tn6ughT inhope you will pardon me for thinking they, cur less risk of drawing a blank, than if the marriage were monogamic, for I must 'consider that the man who has the courage to contract such a marriage in the face of the storm of rage and menace which monogamy is now rolling up " Against us, is: something of a" herd'' whatever Si faults he may have: ' Mormon wives as a rule do not "worry ;6lout 'yA Ji, bearing children." n "Moronism" in and of itself fosters a 'desire? to rear children, and the more devout thVbe lie very the more anxious to rear "a noble posand aim, the point and terity." It is the end. ' focus, the heart and soul of Mormonism to improve the human race; and this aim, however falteringly pursued, at once dignifies and exalts motherhood tdstfch an extent1 as to set it above'and beyond all' other pursuite and call-- : ings; and you can easily see that in such 4 c&e, womanhood cannot be degraded,-no"maternbecome burdensome and undesireable ity except1 indeed for physical and exceptional reasons. X We cannot deny our weaknesses, our stumbl-- ; ings by the way, our failures in Kvfng up to; our high professions but God himself cantiot do perfect work with imperfect material, andr so we trust in Him,and do the best we can hoping our children; kmtrammelled by the' fteor tiona and inwrought prejudices' which hamper us, mayjaccomplSh;; more' isf one decade than"' ' we in ten.1 ;'; yj .t'n;jt.' I see' that'your 8 wiit thoughts- have outrun my slow words and arrived; at my conclusion if: ahead K)f'.me.4 !!i ,;uiujn ri ;j ' 'Polygamy as we view it, id not fit for the' giddy, the selfish and the wicked, but only for thtt'noble, the wjse;tbe pure and the fact that the higher the It is a attained) the! greater the disaster which' attends a fall, and ittniy1 humble opinion none should enter upon this greatest of modern reforms without ar large portion of that sublime philanthropy and absence, of selfishness, which Jesus to endure ignominy and torture to bless a sinful world; ; a ' HEAVY & SHELF HARDWARE, WARE GLASS AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS, Etc. - ; ; -- Self-distrus- t,: 5 ' V'J-r,,- "C' : , , i :i:,' i 'i'.-.- r I Ii(J . ei BOOTS,:fullSHOEi pPPERS, and desirable hues, best brands Abo, . cteln the vfest. Tour Onjeri are SoIWled, '.' i..'.j FOB, ..SkiE.. ' Li ' CUTIEIt'S OMMISSIOMi STORE : 1 i . -- res-cue- to self-tortur-e, A to EmerT County. Special , .permanentlj at Castle : Inducements offered. CorreipOndence Eondtcd. BISHOP JABPErt PETERSEN,-Address?4' ' 1 -- ; wom-enhe,- PO N.BN.T X God. Serving husband and wonder Jhatany . save such as heshould dare to wed a pure woman. Then the baleful certainty that such as he ate; few and far ' between, would suggest that his love could safely shelter others besides herself;; and viewing the case in: this light, womerf are not few 'who would be largehearted en6ugU to ; with willingly share their havens of refuge ; other good women; if only it could be done without incurring a greater avalanche ofscorn.: ; . 8-E- of T;V xiaiJ:'o:ol5:.:i ;;'jsV','' "Xi i CirrLEIl, Atent lor Ue i'm)tdAwtJN MILLS, Old Constllatloa UuUOJnn also UfllJE MADE ii ; k Blanketa, i I;Taunete, ' , : r . Shawls, Ljoseja,:. , Jeans, V.L . . , , ; .iBrown Yarns White. Yarns, . Colored Yams . Caaslmprf,:-- PALACE OF FASHION- - No. O- -' IT .' Battin, J roOta1 j'Wfhbx)ardiy .1, Brusnes, Etc, Etc 1 v..i ' - Tweeds, '. t ..i MBS. Cotton Oattlnff, Wool EAST TEMPLE ST 33. Desires the Ladles of Salt Late and tbosa visltlof tbe CJty, to call at her Show. Booms and see ber New Stoelc of 111 and BonThe latest and most styUsh'modes of Hats a :nice- - sclectlou'lfl nets, in Straw iielt and Velret. LLI-NEli- '-- Y. - Ftowors, Fpathers, Plushes, Veet and Blbbons In the latest shades and stripes. Country Dealers, pka?e CalL L&Ater llalr Work In all Its branches. Qob& Work Guaranteed ! - 1- - :z F, AtlEKB AGS;: & JBRO. an:- i ; i - u: y i.n .''if; t - i : far-seein- g: self-evide- nt ,Uii -- em-inen- ce qAgent loiRUMSKra&teDrated LIFT And FXRCBl PUMP&. .Pmnpaliepalred on short notice Urdert "711"' thei'oountry promptly rte)Onded to. rrp:: - f ; , Hi, DlNWOODEYr, Lu Dalton. s cold-hearte- BpeeSll Pepartmen Qoodk Ebawk snd f n4 8tom. 7 v f nr : I DRIED FRUITS 1 w V"1"- -' ii t v a CF ALL CUSSES WJIKTED. r " - S,IIjt1A flTiHii;'. ' it 77, afe 79;i;Flrst.,Sq.iJlIi,,tfeot, : 