HO WOMAN'S EXPONENT. f THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. - F.MHELINE B. WELLft, Published eemi-monthl- Cdltor. in Salt Lake City, Utah y, Jierms: One copy one year, $3. 00; one copy six months $1.00 Ten copies for the price "of nine. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time,1 $2.50: per month, $3. 00. A liberal disconnt to , regular advertisers. Exponent Office, Lower West Room of the Uonricil House, South Temple Street;. Business hours from 10 a. to. to 5 p. m. every day except tfnuday. Address all business commanlvations to .Publisher Woman's Salt Lake City Utah. SALT LAKECfTY. JANUARY I, - 1882. THE POSITION OF UTAH. Another year ha been add?J to the cycles of - lime, me eyentru year or 81 Is past. Many and dreadful occurrences have trans1 I fr pired. Death lias leen busy among the ranks of - men, and many hona-abloues whose names were known to the world for their great and good works have departed to "that bourne from whence no traveler returns," And 18S2 isush- is opened. mjs m t ucir vuiume . us ii. were ' . . h iiri, '. fruMb la wrjueii nau nut what shall be remain, written on the blank white psges of the coming volume of time none can tell. It in not given man to know the future, save as it is revealed at times to those wno bare special need of fore, knowledge. .Whoever observes carefully the events at present transpiring upon the eartn, cannot fail to be Impressed with a sense of their significance, as pertaining to something yet to corner feeling that some great change is ime -- i.. l-- minent Utah has been unusually prosperous the past year, especially in agriculture.during The husUiulnarx hAB3raip rejoiced in the fruite of his labor. Many improvements have been made in various directions for the advancement of enterprise and industries, promoting the growth of prosperity. Whatever success attends a nation, a body of people or an individual, there is sure to arise in the feelings of some envy or hoe til n ty. It is a fact in the history of nations and individuals. Utah has gained a notoriety that is at- ..Wv.uti noi oniy or tne American people but those of other countries. The peculiarity of the country itself and the remarkable thrift, energy and indomitable perseverance- - of Jta people in subduing the desert, an. I overcoming cjiflfjcul ties, which would lie by pome co sidered Insurmountable, is at the present time an established fact. The singularity of the doctrines taught by the Latter-daSaints through divine revelation to Prophet and Apostles, is calculated to attract the attention of the people of all nations towards the gathering place; thus fulfilling the words of the Prophet Isaiah, that Zion should be established In the tops .of the mountains and all nations should flow unto her. But leaving this glorious theme let us consider the position of Utah The question i well-know- -- y to-da- re-ceiv- ed y. now pending in Congress concerning the sest of Po'rtant one 8a both in its ,nmUUhl8 to the Territory, the "Mormon" people, the whole country and the government. In fact it involves much more than the matter of Utah's representation at one session of UoRre- -. Is it not American citizens tl a liberty of .aking from euflrago and the freedom thu guarantied; a ,tTf,,w lvvep abllshe. by long and constant usage? The wople of Utah elected by ballot the man of choice, and in our or inlon, were the votes their of wo men on both tfce People and Liberal tickets to prin-Ciples- be declared invalid (however indignant we be in might be) even then the 'majority would favor of the peoples' dhoiee. bug-bea- r that Plurality of wives is the great t scape-goafrightens everybody, und is made tiie for every indignity. But upon mature consideration, is that condition of things to be brought into comparison with the demoralizing practice no. One prevalent in the world? Emphatically is honorable 'and justifiable in the sight of our Fa' her, as recognized by Him in ancient times, when men walked and talked wUh God; the other is denounced in the holy Sriptur s as corrupt and wicked. One is in strict accordance with the laws of life and health, not only for the present, but more especially future generations; the other is contrary to morality and chastity, and tending to the destruction of human life upon the earth, as well as detrimental to spirituality and the higher attributes of mankind. Physically and scientifically considered, leaving religion out of tba question, plural marriage, if lived according to correct principles, would tend to purity of life and elevation of character. But the Latter-daSaints accept it jn its sacred phase. Are they guilty of any crime against their own conscience and the laws of Deity? If not, why should they not stand heroically in defense of their rights and vindicate the truth? They are in possession of happy homes here in these peaceful vales, they are a strength and support to the Republic, they increase its numbers, its wealth and its prosperity. Who would oppress and afflict an innocent people, whose only offence is that they dared to hearken and be obedient to the laws of God? Is it not said In the Scriptures that 'obedience is better than sacrifice, and to hearken than the y fat of rams?" But time will prove all things, and iniquity and injustice cannot go Unpunished; that is an eternal decree from which there is no appeal. , In our opinion, the women of Utah should petition against unjust legislation and the enactment and enforcement of laws that will deprive them and their brethren of the rights of citizenship; and that will bring sorrow to their hearts, desolation to their homes and misery and wretchedness to their children. And what increase of happiness or satisfaction will it bring to rulers and statesmen, priests or people or to those who are urging severe measures towards the Mormons in every town and settlement in the land? None whatever. There is another subject of vast importance now upon which it seems eminently proper action should be taken by women, and against which every woman here should strongly protest; that is, the decision of the Judge of the Supreme Court of the Territory on the liquor question. Every woman who has the interest of mankind at heart, who possesses a latent spark of divinity within her soiil, should exert her utmost influence for the suppression of intemperance. The laws of the city are adequate to suppress and restrain the sale of ardent spirits and maintain good order, as in times past, were there no outside interference. If by concerted action the women of this Territory could succeed in accomplishing something positive in this di- reuuon, wouia it not be worth a mighty efftrt? - , . of A HAPPY NEW YEAR. ON the last day of thTold year every one ponder8 over and are Many the narPy moments to many are the sad ones. Too brought mind filled with .uA fear .the " lue would enmp .JCU " ne weuia nave no and when we could nat-ural- lj. ret. tratbMly say the psatwdl n sati.fled. White I , IsT jZ a upon these things and gazing back over the past and I turn the pages of the bo,bk of memory and read the words of Joy, sorrow, regret and hope I hear a distant sound of bells. It is very sad and mournful, this lingering tolling, what does it mean? Ah, now I know, 'tis the last respect paid to the dying year, toll, toll It ceases and the dear old year is gone; let us bury it but not forget it. Another sound comes pealing through the cold, frosty air, the gay ringing of New Year's bells and the merry, gladsome sound tells of joy and delight. It heralds in the welcome New Year and bid9 us all renew our courage to ersevere in the paths of happiness and know-ledgIts gladness I would and say a to New Year all. A. Happy you e. re-ec-ho EDITORIAL NOTES. Prof. Fowleb the renowned phrenologist is in the city at the Walker House. He Las been traveling in parts of Sanpete and Utah counties. He expects to laave Salt Lake City on Tuesday m morning next. Qn Tuesday, Dec. 27th, a meeting was held in the 6th Ward, Sisters Eliza R.S. Smith, M. I. Home, K. B. Wells and E. C. S. Clawson were Invited by the Bishop to attend and assist In the organization of a Primary Association. 8is- lem. i. a, omun presided and officiated in the organization. Sister Agnes Irvine was chosen for President with Bisters Margaret Leatham and Elizabeth Evans as Counselors. Secretary miss m. A. Bezzant, Assistant Secretary Wm. Leatham, Treasurer Emily Linnelles. The children were addressed for a few minutes by each of the Sisters who had been invited to attend. After the close of the meeting Bishop Hickenlooper escorted the ladies to his residence where they took supper and spent a short tlnw very agreeably. We are pleased to be able to announce to our readers and the public generally that Mrs. H. C. Norton, M. D., who was baptized by Elder O. F. Whitney, while on his mission in the States, has at last been able to gather? to Zion. The doctor was greatly disappointed on arriving hereto find that Br. Whitney was absent, as he was the only person here with whom she Could claim acquaintance. However she fonnd our Office readily enough and Mrs. H. M. Whit ney welcomed her to her home as a sister Th lady is desirous of obtaining employment and as she is thoroughly prepared to teach drawing in crayon, she solicits a few ntinlls fn that stu lyfor the present until she becomes sufficiently acquainted with the people to follow her profession. She is a laiy of culture and re finement; received her education fas ft I frm. ed) in a convent, and was taught drawing- and pointing after the style of the bid masters. After her marriage, her hus'and beinz a nhvslciaii. she commenced medical studies with him, which she pursued consecutively ten years. She afterwards visited Eurorje and nrantfsd in the hospital at St. Petersburg three years. The knowledge aud experience acquired there, added to long years of study qualified her for nractice. but her views in regard to the Allopathy prac tice cnangea ana she attended the Eclecijo medical school in Cincinnati, the only place at that time within her knowledge, where women were permitted to take a degree; and after obtaining it she went to LouisvilJe, her old home, where she gained a e practice and was constantly employed until 1864, when the went to New York; while there she had a very extensive practise for Fome years. During her residence m Ne w York she occupied the" !cha!r In the 26th Street Medical School as Professor of Eclectics nettr! - '. la-g- and. Clinic. 