W OMAN of . 1 . Jktahleome "T'7 our appreciation of T : T the We cjcsird to express instructions given by the brethren' who have Their timely counsels visited our meetings. and explanation of our duties has made, plain the road. whicJi leads to eternal bliss, and -- e -,-Vr talvation, The Exposes? has also assisted us greatly in our studies, its welcome pages being always replete with good instruction and wise suggestions. We do cheerfully recommend it to all ;'"- - - ; .: Christchurch, Oct. 22, 1882. . , culated in the variety column of newspapers is one which contains a deeper lesson than they can ordinarily boast of. "A husband advert- I I i 1 by-marri- 1 1 - - IT ' cases the unpaid mestic- - ii rm"oes-orghan"-1I- i : partner o'flhedo pQint,of,-YicwJ.loQkMJitj4ir- work, though this seems a fair day's measure for any individual's brain or handi. If they keep a little shop, she looks after it; if a farm, she makes the butter, fattens the fowls, or feeds ' the calves. To quote again from the wisdom of the newspaper corners: "A Western man having lost his wife, a symnathizinsr friend re marked upon -- his annpfirmifp 'Well, I guess you would look thin, too," was the melancholy rejoinder, 'if you had to get up before daylight, make the hres, draw water, split wood, and feed the cattle before breakfasts 1 tell you what it is, if T "don't get somebody to fill poor, dear, sainted Maria's place, I: .shall .be resting by her side before many " ' ' -- J weeks.' " - It .is .notorious" thatiii "the agricultural : States of the Union, where labor is clear, the e . , cook-suppe- r.- repeated-a-thousand-timesn-I-ndi- on .. . -- - i self-supporti-ng - . e, " : -- " ng wage-earne- r; d, , j e great-worki- : with a dash of love.-- ; I put it to.mv mistress as in duty bound, just as I had put it to myself. I have been turning Selina Goby over in my mind !' I said, 'and I think, my lady, it will be " to keep her !' " r cheaper to marry her than Nd one will deny ' that- while Selina was : earning wages 'as housekeeper, she was a pro- : . ? , even the earnings of the unmarried. The labor of the household can-onlbe performed, "'free "of liostwhen it is performed by the wife. ' Every, one remembers --Wilkie Collins' resumi: of the question in the "Moonstone." The stew-arwhose cottage hasjjbeenepticle --work n Fwom an r marries herraTid-Pav- s: lntd "I another reason likewise of my own discovering. Selina, being a single woman, made me pay, so much a week for her board and services. Selina, being my wife, couldn't charge fbrjier board, and wa? bound to give me her services for nothing. That was the , 1 - ed y, hitherto been" known in England , and wh ich ' ' we have no thought of undervaluinn-- , gives her .no joint right to the income of thejamily; she has only the right, which her husband recipro cally enjoys, of receiving a pauper's mainten- ised in the Sheffield Daily 'Telegraph, England, that he, Thomas A - , would no longer be answerable for the debts incurred by his wife. The wife retorted: This is to certify that I, Elizabeth A , am able to pay my own debts, now that I havc got shut of Tommy."' This retort is a very pointed comment upon the theory that has prevailed up to the present day, namely, that the husband was the breadwinner and stay of the household, and that the subordinate members, including the wife and children were supported by him; unprofitable i. . ii liiemuers oi ine communicyjojiSUmei3-in- . stead of producers. To what degree is" this and to how true, great an extent are the wives farmersiwives takeanextehsive-sharin the of all the who form the , classes, besides the house work. farming operations, bone and sinew of life, few heard weeks ago of one of, these We a English supported by their hnsbanda 1 um)orted 'iwives iirJventucky, who, after getThe passing of the Married Women's Proting Dreakfast for her husband and four chilperty Act, which has so gloriously distingdren, picked 135 -- pounds of cotton before uished the Parliamentary session of this noon, came home and prepared the family din-- . year, has. been the means of securing - ner, returned to the field and picked; 115; property to the amount of many millions into the hands of more pounds of cotton, and reached the house' iiniustlv-deDrivhitheitOL women, ed of its con- -- This instance a2ain.iu time.i0 . me iroi. previous Act ol lb7U, nowincludedlmight-b- e in the larger Act, had proclaimed the ana, Iowa, Kansas, etc. Hard as the farmer's right of a married woman to the wages which she had life is7thatof the farmer's wife is confessedly earned by her labor. No one doubts the much harder. Besides her own work, she often these of two few justice takes part in every agricultural operation car-- , measures, orJf a specimens of that nearlv extinct species, the believried on at the farm. She is frequently killed ers in the divine right of husbandsstill exist, by the drudgery, and the statistics of the inare they sane asylums show that a majority of the fedying away, and the next generation will know them no more. But between the male patients come from this overworked class, women who possess inherited -- supported -- an d canand yet. these .women-ar- e property, andjthe - women y not claim one shilling a3 their own out of the who, fromthe improvidence or incapa-citof their husbands, are obliged to leave family earnings. their homes to earn wacres for the sunnort of This seems to us incompatible with common the family, there is the still larger class who sense and common j ustice. DuriDg recen t find occupation for their fullest energies in the been directed has deal attention of years a good home itself, in cooking, scouring, making and towards the injurious practice of women continuing their work in factories or workshops fflingtKeirrEusBanLds' and children's clothes, and bearing, nursing, and sometimes teaching after they are married. It is contended, and the children. The question arises: Are these with much truth, that the husband's wages are women supported ? Are they Only consumers, calculated on a scale sufficient to support the or a most important section of the producers JajndyncHhatJhep ests of the household will suffer if she gives herIpflthe country's wealth '( Do they do anything n! -- w earn iaeirrowir-i- i ime and "strength to work which" takes her vingairaTi-Jsopnowxaoe secured to them r from home. There is much to be said from A young man and woman agree to marry, this view, but there is this great difference to and they bring into the joint partnership, not the woman. She goes not only from one kind real or personal property, inherited or acquired, of work to another, but from paid work to unbut their heads and hands only. The man's laborer paid work; from being a head and hands are occupied out of doors; he she becomes "supportedw the visible he works ten or If we could suppose, for the sake .of argutwelve hours and brings home enough, if he ment, that all the married women in England' dudoes not to buy spend it at the public-housneglected or refused to fulfil their home necessaries for the family. ties, as wives, mothers and mistresses of the Perhaps by extra household, so that hired help must be engaged, industry on his part, or extra good manage-- " nient onjiers, he saves and puts by money. the wealth v man would be forced to supply the place of his wife by a housekeeper and a gov"V on her part, has kept a decent and corn-. ay contrived, her time schemed, saved, giving the who!e-- of ana brains to tho done no more. And yet the theory is that this woman is supportedordinary all her life, and the law, even this law, which is incomparably woe-becon- t " "gate sum of these wage? would' probably al I earnings no w gamed women .from their homes, but JiTlicr own vocatiofas has-laljore- d In many cir- r, . ance from him. ARE WIVES SUPPORTED AmongHhemjtisingparagraphs lately fnsxifficienT erhcss,.the poor man to engage-the of be a charwoman to help cook, nurse, ?crub-be'm6nder of, clothes, etc.all iu one. In l"sterandjnorc t O " Louisa Pouter. Secretary. J oriANKA Laksen, President. - 1 ...Hard as he has; she has economised, ' , forr him," La laid out JU13 turnlor their mutn a lwmr.fw . a. x. r l ings and brought up their family of children, and as any one who has been in like circumstanced ma acknowledge, ius worked not onlv ih roush n il jjao... bhe eye of faith Jo obtain woman's of in the great plan of lot a glimpse '' by-th- 'S EXPONENT. " " - ductive member of the community; it is only when she assumes the additional duties and responsibilities of a wife, that she becomes supported, and ceases to have a claim to remuner- ation. Is there no method by which this injustice .my be removed ? Selina'3 case is "of The lady: who has been .frequent occurrence. governess rjcjmolteacher, orpost office clerk, the working woman who has been a shop-han- d or domestic1 servant, , the numerous class of mill girls and female operatives, give up, when they marry, a certain means of livelihood, which, even if it hasrdoneno more than pro vide them with bare necessaries, was lawfully their own, and they should have aIegal claim v to some equivalent. As we have endeavored to point out, the value of the work they do would be recognized at once had it to be paid for. Some but d reformers have wives and that mothers should receive frorn the husbands far the work egular-wages they do. This, to our thinking, 13 manifestly: absurd and impossible. The work of caring for her family, whether recognized as work or not, is the dutywhich shehas undertaken to She is morally bound do when she married. to perform it, as much as the husband is morally bound to provide her with the means of doing it. The sacred duties of wife and mother are such a3 can be measured by no debtor or creditor account. She and her husband have 'eniemWnto a partnership, in which each con- tributes; his or her best for the good of the firm; there can be no question of hire. Wr tlilnlr linivovor. fhfl Inw inio-hfvpnrr- nizc the equality of the partnership morcthan it does. The right of a widow to inherit after her husband ought to be more carefully guardchiled, ILhe die intestate, and there are-u- o dren, she should have the same right to be his sole heir as he has to be hers. Her claim to well-intention- over-zealo- ed us sug-geste- -r- . reinaijLa5idowJmher-jnarri-e to be established by law, hot resting as it now-doe" forbear-anc- e "upon family agreements, "or the Id be impossiof the eldest ble for a man to will the whole of his property In some cases, as in the away from his wife. son.-1rTtrs- hou . transfer of real property, her signature should be requisite to the document as well as his, as. in. some countries; and is already the-laclass, the emamong the large ployer should ;be . bound to pay over to the .woman a proportion of the husband's earnings, if it can be proved that he does not bring, home sufficient for the family support. .. Above all; the false theory that a married woman is a ianger on, a supported member of wage-earnin- g : ' s 