roeented. In the evening a general meeting of the y oun g people vat h Id, at yrh Ich Bister EMia and Zlns, addrested the audfenee on jrachi: , i fa . "J" n:,"', ment, moral, mental and ipl ritual. On Saturday morning the Y. L. "M. I. A., held tbelrVftofere BldlngrPrayar-waoffer- ed by Miss Ida lone to' Mrs, Preston. The branches Cook, Couneelor were well represented as being In gocdwoiklng-r- r order. - In the afternoon the Primary Conference 'convene-Mrs. Jane B. Molen presiding. The Associations are In gool condition, and an excel lent feeling exists among the different brarichef In the Stake, and certainly great apirltnal advancement is being made.by the jcblldren In i K iia nM n U Mm - Af TTttq "PorV 4ttn afafra addressed the children in the Sunday School and on Monday in Mendon held three meeting?!, one with thsr'maiy rtFnewithtbe'EeHef Bociety" and in the evening with the V. L. M I. A. All the meetings were well attended and a good pirit; prevaUedThe ulsters ceived and hospitably welcomed. an i a aa..aa n a. n . .u ww . a a a. am a bj a a - aj-a- a w a , ... were-cordlally- Te The regular monthly meeting of the board of managers of the Deeeret Hospital, was held in the reception room at the building, on Monday. Sept, lltb, Mrs.JE. R. S. Smith in the chair. Prayer by Mrs. B. W. Smi tb. Secretary read the financial report or ail money received by memberships, donation, and from the Concert, Total amount, cash $3,290,80. Orders 1 70,30, Orders on tithing store 53, 80. On hand Sept; 1st. 51,721,75; orders on tithing Etore 116,50. -- Donations of bedding etcT Quilts 49, bedsprads 30 pairs, sheets 29, pillows 6, 5, pillow-case-s blankets 3 piirs, bleached and colored goods from Salt Lake Stake Primary Associations, nrized51060: bleached material. Old Folks Com- mitteeiOjOOj Jowell Ing J,O0;itoweJsl6,-factory;- 7 and Bheeilng $3,80beds leads donated 2, chickens 5. books for records 2,90, one Hymn Book, one "Mormon Battalion," flour 550 lbs. Molasses $5,00; phoney $1,00; sugar $1,50; soap $1,25; cheese, 75 cts, also crockery, new knives and forks and spoons, and many other things for use and household purposes. "The Hospital is in a prosperous condUion and there is every appearance of the permanent suc cess of the enterprise. We publish below the medical report for the month of August, by the House Surgeon. r -- , . ':,:-r-:r.:-.z Pe8eret Hospital from -- MEDioTej)orjthe1882. July 31st, to Aug. 3l9t, Patients remain- ing at date of . last report, 6; received duringjhe month of' August; discharged, 6; died, none; total remaining, 8. Visit? of the medical board, Dr. Young 28; Dr. Anderson, 6. Prescriptions and treatment by the House Surgeon, to out patients 17; to indoor patients, 151. " Ellen B. Ferguson, House Surgeon. PRACTICAL EDUCATION. In our past, bow limited has been the educa- WWMW 9iroTi ftiivAa J HAa M,kJ MVI r9 mnmanf VF4MU V T)Ar.W.lAikv aWV VA 4 V 14 - -- infant, but 'tin ehe who mut supply ever the recurring ernaaHs of the . older, and stronger, members of the iamHy.r truly the beet wives mosyhorough houekeepersr-th- e and motbtrs, are those who are best educated The- true and correct idea of educate iailBtali Zing practical knowledge enhanceour usefulness, and tliat'3dlLfceJtoI -o- urselves-thfi" greatest degree of satisfaction. 7 Aa understanding that will enable us to look -- beyond the surface of all anlmateand inanimate, creation, whereby we may discern the elements that compose those vital agencies so necessary -to our life and health on the earth. Air, food and drink. That our children may be properly clothed in. all seasons of the "year, and. have, healthful nutritious food, pure water to drink" and an abundant supply of Oxygen In the air of our dwelling houses. How. often does a want of a deep and thorough knowledge of these simple but subjects, result in serious and oftimes f 'Then let our wives and daughters study, think and reflect seriously, endeavor to restrain this increasing love of adornment and pleasure, wean our attention from the artifices of dress and vanity to the more solid and practical ideas of a true life, of a genuine, true womanhood . Study the beautiful principles of chemistry, physiology and anatomy; that our lives may become more practically and Intelligently useful. . ;r; : .; e. R. S. riw-lc- m - '. -- ' kfedg nt ; . , SHE HATH DONE WELL. The Presidents of the Primary Associations, who ably perform the duties pertaining to that particular calling, are worthy of the honor and respecof those, whom 4hey so faithfully server We are always pleased to see deference shown-t- o such persons, asanZalreciatIon of their labors. It is simply just to accord to those who do public duty an expression of good feeling. It encourages them in the future, to know that their work is acceptable. At Wahship, Summit County, on the 15th of June last, a party of friends and relatives convened at theresidence of Bishop J. C. Roundy, in honor of his wfe, Mrs. LovisaRoundy, whose birthday they wished to celebrate; "and when, one has lived half a century they can appreciate the love of their friends. Good wishes and presents were gratefully received by the hostess; a bounteous repast partaken of, music, singing and dancing were freely indulged in, and a good spirit and" ' feeling prevailed throughout the evening. Sister Roundy haa faithfully performed her duties as President of the Primary Associations of Summit Stake for a number of years, and is respected and loved by all who know her. The occasion was one long z to be remembered, and may she live to see many happy returns of the day, in prosperity, peace and happinessT A pleasing feature of the entertainment was the reading of a poem addressed to Prest. Roundy composed and read by one of the young ladies of N. W. the party. Wanshlp, Utah. . . tv CHILD RENS FAIR. On the 16th and 17th of August the two Primary Associations of Centerville united their eflortslna Primary Fair. Mrs. Rebecca Porter taking charge. There wereTthree tables one for produce of the boys' own raising one for little girls' needle work and one for fancy work. There was also another one which was set for ' dinner, by the Primary girls under 14 years of age, and ail the cooking was done by the little .giflst JeUTes, pfckie, fresh and prmrved fruits -- .... etc-o- i very handsomely ornamented cake and all the articles of the best qnslibv: Bkbop Cheney and wife and Br. I UJ U was supposed to have very little to do with the requisite acquire m en tsjMheJdeal housekeeper; the masses really believing that u woman should understand only sufficient Geography to know the different apartments In her house, and enough Chemistry to keep the kettle boiling How absurd! If "knowledge is power" why should not woman posses) her full quota as well aathe sterner sex? She who is entrusted with the sacred responsibility of bearlncr the souls of men, of ministering to the wants and necessities of her household. Is it not she whov must furnish tfttff mitrinrthty riot erijy tb the bread, butter, cakes, ne iPam1Sted' : A with flowem frails and the wailiSrere decorated with mot. ttoeiandfcTure beauti-- : fal, being the Lord's prayer cut in wood and set on black velvet ground, made by Master John-tile Whlttaker. It was very artistic and hand- some. There was a jrreat variety of hair work, one handsome wreath by a little pirl nf re years . uo uujtb A.li 10 irjeu vicej in vegefsoies, ana succeeded in bringing; forward very line sped, mens of nil the varieties one could think of. There were some stock and fowls, rabblfs.. . p!geon and shesp.- - T wo iambs" raised by Mas-te- r David Chase, which he had raised wholly Mlmseir, were very fine. One little boy made a another a cunboard 1perfect miniature with glass doors; then there were little wooden tables, rakes, shovels, etc. One boy had a sack of flour on exhibition, his own work at his father's mill. Master Byron Kesler, aged 14, had on exhibition teeth he had drawn, and a i full pet made by himself. There were a number qfjadies from other parts of the County. Mrs. A. S. Rogers, Mrs. Mary S. ClarKand others whi came to see the Fair and encourage the children. The officers most actively engaged In the labor were Mrs. Rebecca Porter, Misses Frankie Randall, Kate Chase and Emily Porter." ... ! hsy-ract- r; . 7 APPRECIATION. .. Monroe, Sevier County, r " ' August-22,483- 2. Editor Deserei News: I desire to express through the columns of your paper my gratitude to Doctors E. B. Ferguson, S. B. Young, and W.F. Anderson, also to Matron Mary Ann McLean and Nurse Sophia Erricsson, and others of the Deseret Hospital, for the efficient manner in which I was treated for lameness in the knee, and for the kindness and courtesy shown. I consider the D&seret Hospital a necessary and excellent Institution for the people of Utah. -Respectfully, -- - Henby J. Rich. OBITUARIES. Sister Hannah Lindstrum Madsen was born Sept. 24th 1850, Sweden. Died May 23d, 1882, at Mt. Pleasant, Sanpete Co. Sister Hannah was the beloved wife of Christian Madsen, and a was a paueni; woman in every circumsiance in life in which yon could place her. She was a faithful and devoted wife, and a most affectionate and loving mother. She was First Counselor ta the President of the North Ward Primary Association in Mt. Pleasant, and indefatigable in the discharge of every duty. Being the only cne of her family who embraced the truth, she zealously preached the Gospel to her father's household, Jbyjetter, striving to make plain to them the great plan of life and salvation but they have persistently rejected it. And now her testimony is sealed. Sister Madsen has been taken from us in the midst af a life of usefulness, and will not soon be forgotten. We deeply sympathize with her good and kind husband, who is left with four lovely children, the eldest only 5 years old, to mourn her early departure. May she rest in peace, till Jhe morning of the ressurrectIon,"when she will again Join her beloved ones, where there will b no more sorrow nor parting. - 9 A " - m . M. F. C. Morrison. 