wtnrxsis'E x p o h e h t . prioelp!:f I'lural Msrrkgand Jo have endowed :'L:IM-LWlUirUi- e -- 7 she" eemed " earn ri'weetndlclTflrr.Jt has ever been, juaiilfwited throughout her whole existence. -. And of her It can ho truly said "Those who knew her bit, loved- - her most." This I can truly say having known her since her early girlhood and in roUojpectlng UiU acqualntancev- J can find no blemish In her character. In 1367 ahe was marrted with others shared the hardships and privations of the ever "Muddy Mission," enduring ilMieahh and the many discomforts incident to the journey with the.most patlentforlIf ud7 never: a word of complaint passed her hpa-j- ; Heijfailh andJruathxGod manifesting Itself in very early life. Upon one oocaslon of attending meeting the desire came upon her to hear the gift of tongues,-an- d In faith she offered up a fervent prayer that this desire might be granted, which Indeed it was before the closing of the services; this was o at the early; age of eleven yearaV Sister Conrad although a thoroughly aomestio woman a true wife and mother in the truest sense of the term possessed a spirit of love and benevolence .towards all, and has been active in many public capacities, acting as first counselor to President M. A. Freeze, of the Stake Presidency of the Y. L. M. I. A And notwithstanding her weak condition, she traveled considerably from town to town instructing and exhorting the young, and yielding a powerful Influence for good all listening with enrapt attention to her eloquent and inspired teachings. Her great desire has ever been to live for good and usefulness, but she hap now passed to another sphere of action, where her labors will not cease, and all the desires cf her heart will "" '. ; be granted. woman of this For a number years patient: lias" been a great sulRrer with lungtroubler : . , ed, - Hi- - : " -- :JrmjnatJng3hrgl parts. Of late her friends have watched her with the most anxious solicitude, fearing that the sands of life were fast ebbing away. Yet the last few weeks seemed to bring a favorable change-thes- e hopes proved fallacious for upon 20 the th of September she passed away without scarcely a moment's, notice-- dying In her mother's arms, that most faithful of all friends who has so unselfishly nursed and watched oyer her from the cradle to the grave. Although her demise was suddenshe was ready to go, for such as she are ever prepared to answer their Makei'd call. Her good woiks are gone before " her. She leaves a husband and three children with numerous relatives and friends to mourn " ' her untimely departure. ,' - tlce of this principle, but I have had peace and comfort, and I have had sorrow. I expected to be tried. I entered into it with that expectation. I had my prejudices to subdue, my selfishness to overcome, and many : things to contend with. . The Lord has said, He would have a tried peo pie, that they thould ccme up through great tribulation, that they .might be prepared to endure His presence and glory. If I had no trials, I should not expect to be numbered with the Feople of God, and therefore not le made a partaker of His blessings aud glory. I hsrve reared a large family Jn this marriage "system. "I have been the mother of elaven child- ren. My husband has been the father of thlrty-fivnow living, all equally honorable twenty-siIn as much as they pjarsnean upright, righteous -course through life.' Out of that number there - eons. Not - one'Of them has ever committed any crime that has brought a stain upon their character or a dishonor upon the heads of their parents. Not one of them Is r given to tippling or drunkenness, not one - smokes pr chews tobacco, and as fast as they arrive at mature' age, earn their living by the sweat of the brow, or by tho labor cf their own hands. Why should they not be honorable? Their father is an honorable man- .- He is honored with that priesthood that emanates from A bright spirit has flown, a loycd ono departed, A weary 0110 gone to her rofit, While friends aro left desolate, bowed aud Yet feeling that Father knows best. Cold death often ylslts the most perfect household, Bad-hearte- - " ADDRESS, 1 ' My sUter next older than myeelf, was the flrat woman given in plural marriage. She lived Saint, true and died a good, faithful Latter-da- y to the principles she embraced aiid is now rejoicing with her husband, cur beloved Prophet, in the eternal worlds. If I can walk in her 'foot-step- s, d, Selecting tho dearest of all; None purer, nor better, from out of the threshold E'er answered the sorrowful call Than Clara so lovely in face; mind and epirlt" r r ' Intelligent, gentle and true; Her counsel so wise, that all paused to tear it, like wisdom is given to few. . "We know that our loTed ono Is free from all sorrow, 7 Sho knows th no more mortal pain; " Well try to look forth with hope to tho morrow, "When we "11 meet, and ne'er part, from our Clara E. R. S. again. - Imitate h er example, and attain that glory and exaltation that I believe she ha?, I .'; will be satisfied. , leee a ,.man to me to odd nowadays It looks very a middle living alone with one wife, especially new beginners, aged man. It does very well for the journey of life to begin just starting out on add to. But to f ee a man with enr, and then In the decline of life, I say It looks cdJ. It looks selfish, contracted, drawn up into a nut shell. It puts me in mind of the blesfeing that was asked "O Lord, blees me and my wife, my son John and his wife, us four and no more. Amen." We have been driven from a should be land of ; . freedom andliber tyWehave-wende- d over a trackless desert, footsore and tleedn thofl vallpvs'of the mountains, thinking here hero the weary could find rest. Thinking xr rnnlJ live in peace, enjoy our nguis and the die- freedom, ahd worship God according -- SNOW; BY-ARTIM- Delivered in St. George, December 5th, 1878, btforea Mass meeting of ladies. We aro called upon y to express our feelings in regard to the principle of polygamy, and to-da- ; . We have children born in the new andever-lastin- g covenant of marriage, who are walking In the fcoteteps of their father and mothers, and I trust, will honor It. . . V our-way wv (?) them. Thev are voluntary. It is what I call oflered strvlce, and it U a stink In our nostrils! If you do not like our religion, if you donot like the principles which we practice, I would say to all such then hie ye away to your own - cities and - homes from whence ye came, and there get up your petitions to Mrs. Hayes to use her influence for Congress to legislate fertile morality of your own cities and towns. Bestow your labors where they are needed, and hot here. ; Charity should begin at home, and then perhaps we should not have so many foundlings dropped at our doors as we now have. Foor things! With all our numerous children - born in plural marriage to support, we can taue care of them too. They are human flesh. We have enough for all. Utah Saints eion for illegimate children. Latter-da- y have none Bucb, nor ever thev nractice nlural marriage. It Is qulte enough for the sterner sex to get up these crusades against an innocent people," without your imbruelng your hands In the blcod cf innocence. You will have enough to do to to be explead for mercy at the bar of God tended to your husbands and fathers who have committed the like acts. You should have comyears ago, when menced this task thirty-fir- e this principle now so despised was In Its infancy. But it has lived, grown up, and become of age, and yonr puny arm cannot overthrdw it. God is at the helm. In Him we trust. And I pray that we may live In peace In these valleys cf the mountain?, and be permitted to continue aste and v Wr labors fn redeeming this barren a making It to become a fruitful field end place beautiful to the beholder; and sit under our own vino and fig tree, with no cno to molest or interfere, "while God shall pour cu t His wicked and scourges and judgments upon the 1 ?he ungodly, and all those who rfrject Gospel, and especially, upen all these who seek the overthrow and destruction rf this expect-to-haTerwh- en - ifyfiu . Jiasmproyl x :, 5t 1- e, the Gods. have bfefTi z ww 9 y us "from cxnty to satis fled, with driving being fcoiirjtyfroin state to state, and at Wtfrcm the United . Btatta, haTe followed ns "here. And "'Trora time to time have gotten up their crusades annoy and. perplex and feojitlan eisters r?Vhave taken it In handt"tb xicilvcrTSlrom that awful yoke of bondage and oppression (?) with which we are bennd, and : .Lhfla;utAeen within are-slxte- But fa j this we into which we have fallen. My Christlan.slsters, . thi U a mistaken Idea of y ours!. We are not the to be. Tiiere are k'nd of women you fak women In- :f mt apjrevM " Utah, a you will find any where on the footstool of; God, You need not be to that trouble. We can deliver ourselves if we chaose. We can live in the plural marriage sytm or outcf ltt Thern I no compulfi?;n whatever. Wait till we solicit your aid. AVe have not asked your . . 07rh ezrwtezibe. ordiarintiOar--l5eCTtoni-nit- 'raise u from "that low state of degradation : . M ' cjrderofyJ -- -,. " - t&tes of whether wtiphold tbs proc4Isgi cf oar Ctrl-Ua- o flKtTEHtalI them ilkttn because they are of ;tur cr whether, we enter oar proUst ix) .gainst them. : HJfclerf, Ilam a sincere believer In plural "marriage. In 1614 my hmband first Sked mVConfcfcrit tn in hfmlf nhtr vrivt. I freely gave It, bilievlrjg feuch An rlage to LtrarTtrreandho num. iue uwtYtnsjix arid- Re velaTof." 'Knowing St to be a principle practiced anciently by those, who now sit at the right hand of our Father In Heaven, and knowing also my husband to be a virtuous man, and - entering into that order out cf pure' motives and in obedience to the wJUnd commandment of tayT freely gave my consent. I bare : lived in the order of Celestial marriage thirty, five years. I haven a winhI have no desire to have it changed or abolished. Fur why should I wish to change the pans of the Almighty, that He b a marked out for the benefit cf the hurmn family? U Evor-lastins- : NoiBi Mrs. Artimesia Snow whose address ; we publish above is the first wife of Apostle Erastus Snow, of St. George. She was the and wag daughter of Alma and Sarah Iranian No w, York, born at Lerona, Llvlngstofl County, to Erastua led man March 30, 1819. She wfts Snow then quite a young man, in FWcst ever bctn Mo., December 13, 1S33. She has believer and. earntst advocate of tho docfaints. trines and principles of tho Latter-da-- Her address to the ladies of St. George, isopieil-fro- m tho records of the Relief Society of that friends were desirous to place, as many of her see it in print, that her testimony upon the be on principle of , celestial marriage might 'v , record,. Ed. ; -- n-fir- m y , 