llie statist it of t.e Critic - medical erviee ' iMKS7 JCOTTviKS MORE Will what idM the "CSiumisosm il&T Tlie? lOuTclhave come, around this - war. I&.fner make rpoljgamy the main issue,. I.cvulWiave shown them several coraerswiiere jxlYgajnojji "77 are pretty- - thiekreven m i Uhio. cobwebs mis 13 Oh,1" a queer wona: as ine simpie srirt ?aiu, sitting: at . ... ; v; my open window of a summer Sunday evening Lean hear, thejsdsgs and gon.sjii4ie-3liho- -- - . -7- sing: - V -- ra:: J' ;.. "Blest'be' thetie thktbiudj y'."TT" "J"7 . - - - -:- - - : - - Our hearts ia" Christian lore." And sometimes -- wonderhatGlnTn1Mtfine - Christian binding. The church is a one; most of the members very wealthy, living in "palatial homes, and nearly all connected by business or marriage relations. But oh! how thin 13 that Christian binding almost worn through, but patched by policy and pride, darned bYdiin prominent members an old man was dealt with for improper conduct with a dressmaker, a young sister in the Church, not Jong since. Quite a stir was made just at the time, and -- one of the Deacons .became so excited that he struck the erring brother, and would have thrashed him soundly, but was prevented by-t- he bystanders, The matter was hushed up, and they, all went to church together. Xow it was a big, affair, and'aroused my religious scorn to see it so neatly, nicely tucked into a hiding place. I have no relish for such matters, but do not like to see a dirty mess swept into a. corner and covered up, and have to say: "How nice and clean- your house is." I rather a- d- ; mired tho pluck of the Deacon, and one day expressed my admiration saying: Heis ai ...together upright so far as women are concerned r isn't he V1 " said my companion dryly, is never said in that The story was like a snowball, the bigger it got, the faster it got bigger; so, disgusted, I dropped it and smiled. l am sorry you did not clear up the questions I broached in my last letter. I can not accept any religion that will not bear siftinz. Polv- gamy, does not trouble me. I really bellieve it would make the world better andhappier. Please do not be displeased with .. , .. , erratic talking, I am not so vicious as it may Shall I ask you to pardon mistakes, . appear. or must I rewrite the letter and correct them? (perhaps multiply them) know that at my elbow sits Alice (age eleven) studying, and its "Ma, is this answer right." Then Mr. D, on the other side of the table, says, "Em, can you listen a moment ?" He is reading, A. Willford Hall's "Problem of Human Life." SnmnPr and Charlie sandwhich their boyish exploits in . " - " "W-c-M- "t-h-e-r- -e v-er- -y h-i-- m m-u-c--b vf-z-- - , - betweenjesothafc; graph instrument must click away, while are messages going oyer the wires, from ear to ear, on various matters. I remember with pleasure your1' picture of home-lifOur home is very pleasant. I call our house "The tramp's retreat, as preachers of all denominations, doctors, teachers and Emma S. everybody calls in. e. mitt n Gex Butler has been elected Governor of Massachusetts on a woman suffrage platform. This is a great gain for the women of the Old' Bay State, who have labored so assiduously in the interest of equality before the law. Tiie sending of medical woman from . land to India is likely to be. an established custom. The Indian women are averse to vitio juui, ux iucu wnu ecs, j ij j D.- - . AND DISEASES OF WOMEN. T - 7: I E AS D 23 Xj J3 9 SALT LAKE CITY, Special Departments for Gent's Clothing' land Carpois, Ladle' and Children's Khoea, Dry Goods, ehawto and Domestics, Groceries, Hard- - occupa-- . ware.aua motcs. tion of public place by women is steadily ing Tjbjsj s xspcciallyioticeablcriiicon-- " "nectioii with educational matters. Women arc now eligible as school officers in Illinois, Iowa, Kansas, Virginia, Massachusetts, Michigan, t, Minnesotta, New York, Pen nsyl vania, Wyoming, imd to any office in Wisconsin except .that of iStatc Superintendent. In Mis- - ' "sisslppi the law requires that at least one " woman shall be a mem oer of the State Board of Education. Other Stated are moving in the ' same direction, and before ten years those that fail to follow the same wise example, of those mentioned will be the exception. Inter- - Ocean: as -- OfilEOf RtflTStF StrraSSESWAHTED. TEA R IDIHTj. S. . Ver-mon- .The Association for the Advancement of "Women, otherwise known as the .Woman's Congress, held a series of successful meetings in Portland. Me., on Wednesday. Thursdav. and Fjriday.of Amongthe'noteT in the wortny participants proceedings were Mrs. Julia Ward Howe, Kate Gannett Wells, W. F. Eastman, Antoinette Abby May, Mary Brown Blackwell, Laura Clay (daughter of Cassius M. Clay), Mrs. Henrietta L. T. Dr. Marie Zakrzewska, Mrs. Gen. Lander, Dr. Lorenza Haynes, Miss Emily J. Leonard, Mrs. Lita Barney Sayles, and many others more or less known o the public as thinkers and leaders. The topics discussed took a very wide range.:: The rights of women; the rights" .of children, Chinese emigration, religion, art, WHOLESALE J.XD RETAIL DEALZOS IS DRY GOODS, N OTI ON 8, GROCERIES, HEAVY & SHELF HARDWARE, GLAS3 & QUEENS WARE, AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS, ETC. . THE LADIES Of Salt Lake City and vicinity will And tbe LARGEST and BiST 8 ELECTED MUCK of BOOTS, . . last-wee- i SHOES & SLIPPERS, Also, full and deelrable hoes, beet brands CMlclron's oboia tha West. ZPIxxg Shoos, H7 Your Ordert art Solicited, k. ELLEN PHYSIGIAN " Office Wol-cot- t, labor, finaijce, hygiene, astronomy, - political '' economy, these were among the problems considered by the Congress. An Artistic Restaurant: Visitor? to the last Paris Exposition will remember the head of the statue of Liberty which formed go prominent s, figure in the fair grounds, and wa3 the more interesting as being destined for America" known to all the world as the Land of Liberty. Even then and there Bartholdi, the sculptor of the colossal-figu- re, used to gather parties : of friends around a banqueting boaid beneath the dome of the, bronze caput. From time to time" the public has been apprised of the progress of. the work, the lower portion of which is now well buiJded up. The latest report is of a ban had been constructed, and the festtvities are allowed to go on. Liberty may turn to Bacchus before she is ready to lift her torch on Bedloe's Island. However, a sculptor who devotes a hundred thousand "dollars"of his own money to a as Bartholdi has to this, is surely entitled to such pleasure as he can improvise from it, : He is a wealthy man, alone in the world since the deatb of his mother not long since. Ex. : 4 . ehlhw. FiTIS k C0S COi'BS, B. FERGUSON, AHDDRGEOH, on Main Street, over Hardy Eros,, Store. Special Study has been given to Surgery, Diseases ot Women, and Diseases of the THROAT AND LUNGS, NOSE, ST A. Xj A. JFL Gr 23 O O I2C for Sale by JOHN C. J Ot Home MadeforTrauka PROVO WOOLEN MILLS, OW tho CUTLER, Agent Constltallon UnflUlavi also HOME MADE , -- -- Blankets, Flannels, Shawls, , Llnsej-s- Jeans, Brown Varna, White Varna, Colored Yarns, Cotton Batting, Wool Battlnjr, Brooms, , Waahboards, Brushes, Etc., tuJ. Caaimers, Tweeds, F. AUEBBACH & BRO. HAVE TO THEIR Ml JST ", STQBE, CALL AND hi 124 i 126 EXAMINE Spring and Slimmer Goods. TINNER, CAS WATERS STEAM FITTEff. EP" Agent for RCTMSET'S cetebrated LD7T and FORCE-PUMPPumps Repaired on short notice. Orders from the country promptly responded ta VST AMrxah David Jama, Box 306, SaU Lake City.-- 7 ! H . DIN WO O D EV VHOLESALB USTD BETAII. DXklXB. Ill FURNITURE' PE1HE BEDSr FEJtTE ERS WIBE-KATTEE- SSES gift-statu- e, Eng- UTAH. EYE, EAR, NOSE AND THROAT, tcm-poraryplatlb- ; LAKE CITY. otuti.-fnrcc"- -- . Jde-cre- a. OaicelioUM from JO sum. to G p.m. IteVtdeiicOfJEsrelnh , 'bet. Mh. and Clfc. l!ast. Ward, J 1 Special Aiteutiou glveu tq Wseases of the - ' ' Yeah by year prejudice against the iALT iVA.RQ, MRS; ROMANIA B, PRATT, M. rohibition. . S:c;r ChU-trens- '7., 1$th -p- .... cf 77,2. rii St-ate- . ill 31 y. VtV. t::t Zr.M '31?.' &:ii, Luiiia' atul StQckintjt, Infant: Knittf.t Shirttml $ht:$, Lu.Utitvul V'uLJrcti' lItoJis Fit tyily Knittituj done i iiisitionatAe 'TtTu.-- e: Hue, m tut: imgu oi me statue, wnicn was most successful in evcwayVTheguests walkeoV in by the right foot, and one of them laid him-se- lf down- - most comfortably inside one of the toes; ladders coveyed them all the way up the calf, and finally deposited them where a NOTES AND NEWS. 11 7: it is in many"" other not neaIyla.great-4- 3 States. Or the total inhabitants, over ;''V 000, only about 1 10,00t), or fewer than one in nine,., a re ' nearly - one' in 'three f the jropulation ' one in four of the population of Illinois, .are foreign-born- . The people are not only inly ts ot ve4onrW lnati hence the progressive attithe Northern tude of Kansas on Woman suffrage and foreign-burn,--whil- byI-Jitearlhe- - ' Tv. Ca availed iKemselvei vqf prescriptions or attendance, A statf of trained Women is proposed " as a part of the public service In India, rirdmatd and not subordinntp' to nvrtt,-r- t ....... .IireTSUiuig incuiuu'MUiirtu." " ; - IvWITTI HC FACTOR Y7 2n. Iti ; ASJ - ffll FKIS ' BABY GJLttttTJGr&S- 75, 77, & 79, First South Streeft SALT LAKE QITY T 