Sec, then, that you take them and lay them up in your heart, and writs ..... themin '. x Hint emazoch. Remember J inirn jou m mjr. wumu, ui Krnnorhf iinin mv nrtm L; iiinw-tHmT-m vmt wprfl rmrn nnr? over-nic- you with angerr My dear daughterrwhom I tenderly love. Eee that you live iri thfi x?nrf ir tmenL ail. the peaceUianquilIityrand-coiite- n e, you';'1 My daughter, this is the course you: are to take; since in this manner" lhancestors M. that you are my. dear daughter. will be fcaid of you that you are toordelieatefthey will call younbowela:A2" fii ii ifr. wm j tucco Xl vjwu Kivca jwu ut?, coujd ttuiuo s i J will you teach:your sons ana daughters, H uoa - shall giyjou wi. ' it I aysttatj Tromwhom you sBrng-br- o noble and venerable dam. lold-u- s -- w fhave told you' saia Dut lew words, and spoke .thus: listen my daughters; in thi3 world it is neces-- . i lrrj 4nw anar yum mucn pruaence Hear this allegory, which I shall now tell you, and preserve it, and take from it noJ-Eomany"t- --l- aej wiir villi' niAs1 rrn T order that you may know that 1t I and latneirare tne,source or vouroeme: it who rrow instruct you. 1 circnm-spectio- n. ll "in your is we Seethat. youYeceive- - our words, and treaesure them in your breast. lake care that your garments are such as - -- do not adorn yourself with much finery, since this is aaark of vanityiand of follyAs dress should be is that little-becomi- ng it, your very iriKH.ii. inrLV. tir i ai'vtii. biiii:k rnvr are iiitltk of the low,and of those who are held in con tempt. Let your clothes be becoming and neat, - that you may neither appearfantastic nor mean. When you speak, do not hurry your words from uneasiness, but speak deliberately and calmly. 21 txjj . i. juuu iauc i.r juui . vuiuo vcijr t.ii ujgu, uui cpcaik very low, but in. a moderate tone. Neither mince, when ydu speak, nor when you salute, nor speak through your hose: but let your words be proper, of a good ?5nd, and your, voice gentle. Do not be nice in the choice of your worjis. In walking, my daughter, see . . t - haste nor too slowly: since it is - an evidence of 1. 11 7 i i i ii mi ueiug puiieu. up; w waiK wwjjiuwiy, auu wanting jhastily causes a vicious habit of restlessness and instability. Therefore neither walk verv fat nor very slow; yet, when it shall be necessary to go with haste, do so, in this use your discretion. And when you mayjbejjhliged-to--jump over a pool ot water, do it with decency, inaiyou may neitner appear ciumsy norngnt. i , a-tr- 1 WKpti head very much inclined, or your body bent; nor as little co with "vour head verv much raised; since it is a mark of ill breeding; walk erect, and with your head slightly inclined. Do not have your mouth covered, or your face, d from shame, nor go looking like a person, nor,jnyour way make fantastic movements with your feet. Walk through the street quistly, and wiih propriety. Another thing that you must attend to, my daughter, is, that wnen you are in the street you do not go looking hither and thither, nor turning your head to look at this and that; walk neither looking at ihn sItim Tini ntrf Via (rrrnii nil T)a Tint Innlr upon those whom you meet with the eyes of ani uucuueu person, or nave uio appcarauce ui ue- uuea5jr, uut ui uue uuiuujus upuu nu witu a serene couutenance; doin this, you will give no one occasion of being offended with you. Show a becoming countenance: that vou mav neither appear morose, nor, on the other hand, too complaisant. See, my daughter, that you give yourself no concern about the words you may hear, in going through' the street, nor pay any regard to them, let those who come and go say what they will. Take care that you neither answer nor speak, but act as if you neither heard nor understood them; since, doing in this manner, no one will be able , to say with truth that you have said anything amiss. J 'See, likewise, my daughter, that you never paint your face, or stain it or your lips with colors, in order to appear well; since this isa mark of vile and unchaste women. Paints and coloring are things which bad women imuse,the modest, who have lost all shame and even sense, who are like fools and drunkards, and are called rameras prostitutes. But, that your husband may not dislike you, adorn yourself, wash yourself, and cleanse your clothes; and let this be done with moderation; since if vey day you wash yourself and your clothes near-sighte- . ; -- ' -- -- VISIT TO BEAVER. pany with Mrs. M. I. Home, we left the city to visit ' Beaver Stake . of Zion. in th .... . I . ne elective iranchise, and such matters as per- tain to those interests. At Milford fra. Hnrn p' .. Brother, George Hales, of Beaver, met us wiih a conveyance and we rode on to Minersville, where we dined with the Belief Society Presi- Iflnt Afro rrV. r j! n. A 1 Beaver.and arrived sit Mrs. SnmK M DpII's nt o'clock Thursdav evening, where wo ?ptp. pnfpr. tained in the most hospitable manner, although1 rl TlA.A 1Awa ofllTt . 1 S 1J ha.a I H i IV f Tl 1. Ll. v i.ur.i r. mt '.t: UUi Tl L'r All ing from place to place among the people; and every, where .were most cordially wel- 11 ... Jw - - - 11 .1 1 vvuavu . On Friday v,- 1 1 I 1 I 1 1 - - 1, the Conference commenced in the Meeting House in Beaver City, Mr3. Lucinda Houd presiding. Pres. Murdock was on the stand, and several of the leading brethren and bishops ot that J5 take. morning,-Sep- t. amerent DrancMsiune-i. ict- ' : aceL- - i a warning and example for living aright. SfJSrM this worldetravel-byveliT- T . ruw, steep, and dangerous road, which i3 as a mountain lofty ridge, on . whose top passes a narrow path; on either side is a great gulf without bottom; and if you deviate from the jvu win iau mio it. mere is neea, tneref " I fore, of much discretion in pursuing iiyienaeny loved daughter, my little dove,: keep this illustration in your heart, and see that you do not forget it, It will be to you as a lamp and a beacon so long as you shall live in this world. Only one thing remains to be said. and I have. done. : If God shall give ou: y life, if you shall continue some years upon the eHih, see that you guard yourself carefully, that no stain comes upon you; should you forfeit your chastity, and afterwards be asked in marriage and should marry any one, you will never oe lortunate, nor have true love,- - he will always remember that you were-noa this will be afflicthe cause of creat virgmnd lion and distress; you will never be at peace, for your husband will always be suspicious of you. O my dearly beloved daughter, if you shall live upon the earth, see that no more than one man approaches you; and observe what I now shall tell you, .as command. When ifshall please God that you shall receive a" husband, and you are placed . under - Iiis authorityrbe free from arrogance, see that you; do not neglect him, nor allow your heart to be in opposition to him.Be not disrespectful to him. Beware that in no time or place you commit the treason against him called ad- ultery. See that you give no favor to another; since this, my dear and much-love- d daughter, is to fall into a pit without bottom,"from which there will be no escape. According to the custom of the world, if it shall be known, for this crime they will kill you, they v will throw you into the street, for an example to all the people, where your head will be crushed and dragged upon the ground. Of these says a proverb, "You will be stoned and dragged upon the earth, and others will take warning at your death." From this will arise a stain and dishonor upon our ancestors, the nobles andx senators from whom we are descended. You will tarnish their illustrious fame, , and their glory, by the filthiness and impurity of your sin. You will likewise, lose your reputation,1, " your nobility, and honor of birth; your name will be forgotten and abhorred. Of you will it be said that you were buried in the dust of your sins. And remember, my daughter, that, though no man shall see you, nor your husband ever know what happens; God, ivho is in every place sea you, will be angry with you, and will also excite the indignation of the people against you, and shall be avenged upon you as he shall see fit. By his command, you shall either be maimed, or struck blind, or your body will wither, or you will come to extreme poverty; for daring to injure your husband. Or perhaps he will give you to death, and put you under his feet, sending you to the place ot torment. ' Oar Lord is compassionate; but, if you commit treason" against your, husband, God, who is inevrey place, shall take vengeance on your sins, and will permit you to have neither contentment, nor repose, nor a peaceful life; and he will excite your husband to be always unkind towards you, and always to spea to 4he-road.- . i father, and reflect glory on U3 by your good Mav GnA Tronpr von. mv firf.Vom and may you come to God, who, is in every - Jo - life. ..- T uun, iuuicwj,n mail ru;i aire. TDux . ii.nvv 't'fiiand... nonor, nor pouuie tneiastre lame oi your r ii . Terv ere o-w- i t ni. and - j -- i i . ; rcrood l ir Lucinda Houd," President Murdock. ; At 2 P. M. the Conference convened again, and Sisters Wells, Home, Tyler and Dell, each made some remarks. Elder Wm. Fother-- , ingham also occupied a short time in speaking. Conference adjourned for six months. After meetine we visited the Primnrv Fair. iiiivi iiuo vwuwi u buv Alvlivl KJVJX)J JULUllf where we saw a nice display of the childrens' work. It would be impossible to enumerate all the articles, but some of the most noticable. An elegant tidy, Lillie Murdock; wool mat; Clara Slaughter; elegant worked book-marKatie Slaughter; pair wool mats, Jennie Gillis embroidered handkerchief, Melia "White; Mary Ann Limb, handsome work basket, 2 tidies; crochet lace, Hattie Anderson; homemade straw hat, very fine and pretty, Sarah - : k, silk-line- d - puzzle pincushion, Henrietta Schofield; ingeni-- . ous picture frame of burrs, Hattie Fathering-ham; wool mats, Jane Anderson and Annie IJavpv? A rinirs hflnrisnmp nnpnwnrlf Rtnplrinfrs Mary A. Toltonwool mats,ilay Belle Fother-- ' ingham; picture frame, Clara Fotheringham; one jar preserved apples, May Ash worth; -- cor- nucopia, Lettie Limb, four years old. 3Iary A. Law, very pretty needle-booLouisa Fer-ravery nice loafif bread; Mary Ferrar, butter; Sarah Ellen Fotheringham, child's dress of cloth; quilts nicely pieced and quilted, by the Primary children; mottoes of r, k; home-mad- e, oil varipfipa wnrVpfl Ashworlb, card-cas- e; xr f lie nViilrli'oiVS' T?1ia-7i- ' Sarah E. Law, card re- - Edith Slaughter cornucopia; Alice Robinson, crochet mat; Hattie Mumford, daisy mats; Mary Ashworth, large ornamented cornucopia; ' Julia E. Shephard handsome needle book;; wool mat, variety of colors, Annie Davey; 2. cradle-quiltMona Schofield, Sarah Hutchins. The ten comBaby's wool sacque mandments and the Lord's Prayer, elaborately " : s, home-mad- e. 