LOVE LIGHTENS" LABOR." and yon obeyed. Now indeed can w epoch of your life ! Your spirit bore witness to you mat it was lruth; youhad embraced. You' laid aside your notions" 6T greatness, jthey had notfi lied your soul I but rather left you starving, still there had been a charm around you in vour-form-er life, -- which you had never really realized till you knew that it was gone forever ! but you bravely laid the past aside, and took up the new sphere of life, with a determination to henceforth walk therein. ? The principle of "gathering" you heard, and accepted joyfully; you made one in M'the hand-ca'and with the-re-reach?-theho-t - drew your hand-car- tcompany, across the plains; to t)f the Saintsfyonr hands that knew of labor, became familiar day by day nothing ac- - 7 with toirbf "A good wifo rose from her bed one morn, . JLnd thought with a nervons dread , more' Of the piles of clothes to be washed, and Than a dozen mouths to be fed. pre-concciv- nt tnrn frtr tea And tho day was hot, and her aching head Throbbed wearily as 6he said, . ' ' 'if maidens but knewbit glod wires know' lljcyjwQnMlwiajiaiiasta to wed" A Irwof - rt wn&i go you tmnK 1 101a ucn urown v Called the farmerfrpm tho well; "V. ..... And a flash crept up to his bronzed brow, As his eye half bashfully fell. TtVas this ' he said, and cominir near. lie smiled and stooping down, Klesed her check "Twas this; that you were the best And dearest wife In the town!' trial. complished ; that lTheLfirst time beheld you was on-t- he square" where the emigrants camped, the evening of your arrival in Salt Lake City, as you stood ! Noble woman ! ho time beside your hand-car- t can erase the picture you then presented to my astonished eyes; you had dressed for the occasion, -never-to-be-forgott- en I ":T and your appearance,even after that long, wearing journey, was that of" an empressyour figure being tall and commanding, and the contrast of your surroundings made your appearance, more remarkable. You, too, always declared you should never forge't me, and my approach to you in that most unique situation. "Tho farmer went to the field, and the wlfo In a. smiling and absent way, . of snatches littla tender, Sang songs She'd not lunz for many a day. And the pain "inher head was gone, and tho clothes Were white as the foam of the sea: Her bread was light, and her butter was sweet, And as golden as it eonld be; ? We conversed, just as Latter-da- y we i seemed- - torhave - "converse; 'Just think,' the children all called in a breath, j 118 nOvl BLrBJigo iuail tuiuuous . i - . i ' t um rrm ntui Selected. . A CHARACTER. You have asked me, my sister, to write you r character, and I would be pleased to respond, but I realize it is a complex one, and your chequered life has left its indelible impress upon younnavQidablyj and made some points unde-fimud- stiltNiere the-evTTrLoo- k is much transparency in to ono and you esteem-- and apyour character, preciate, you are open and child-likYou have given rac some outlines of your former life, of the grandeur and the great onc3, even royalty itself, among whom you at times mingled, yet these never brought you happiness, but were a burden you were compelled to endure. Your married life was not a happy one; though you had beautiful children, Jut you sighed for a congenial' spirit, and had not found it; so you passed mechanically, as it were, through that stage of life, surrounded, by grandeur and exciting admiration, but happi- x ness was not mingled in that gilded cup. Time rolled on in its noiseless tread, and you became a widow; and with t. that comparative, poverty ! n rArtnrrck fit n!irtmaTnryM nnrl nnc.tirvn Hi. together dtferent to any part of your former life; but you? were free, and that was an atmosphere in which you had never before moved; and you sat down quietly to feel and realize the influence it threw around you WbtiH you yearned for a higher life, in which yourspirit could be clothed and fed. You were sick of the world and all its hollowness, it had held a gilded cup to your lips, but the draughtwas e. , '' -- will-stan- - -- a Mormon Elder crossed your path, you heard him. with pleasure, yu drew in your breath cauld he speak truth ? It sounded too good to bo true; had you found thepanacea for theEorrow of your past life I All he said suited your case so exactly; you heardjou listened,you meditated out-gre- Saints-eve- r ; w baby-clothe- s, jiudjippears$ always giving us glimpses of the Godhead within us, and which w'o ever possessed but: wo knew it not! The mighty. Oak, the giant of the forest,with all its branches, knotted trunks," and leaves were folded up in the little facorn L ponder on these things and go on your way rejoicing. ' "Droop not, but nobly struggle still, . -For others look to thee l And tbeywouli. cease to etrWe with ill, If thou sbouldst conquered be !,v ' - , - Then let not present difficulties blind you 'to future glory; we must bear the cross, before wo can wear tho crown, as our Savior did be fore us, and when we7favc come up through much tribulation, and received our probes of wn "at righteousness, and arc invited to the marriage supper of the Lamty,' wo shall d countenanccs of all gaze upon the the great and good of ach dispensation, and g hear the hallelujah the tho countless of thousands hosannas, who will there be assembled to crown Jesus 'King ofkings, and ' Lord of lords, and dwell "?' with him for ever. ? One who" is ever tliy friend. Hannah T. King. sit-do- glory-deckc- soul-thrillin- hcart-checrin- g, ISalLLakeCitv. t In honor of Sister Jane Ann Down, a very motherly, woman, President f Relief Society at Fayette Sanpete Co., a surprise party was prepared on her birthday, April 1,1882. Sister Bown had been ill, and 'all was arranged unknown to her; tables' were set in an adjoining room, and when all was ready she wa3 invited in; the room Avas filled with the sisters of Fayette, and all sat down to a boun- : -- AFFAIR.' A PLEASANT tiful repast. After dinner Mary K. Mellor read an:addres3 written by Amy Mellor, for the occasion,' expressive of the love andteemrthe" peoplo of Fay etto cherished :for Sifter Bown; and their appreciation of her kindness and good works. Sister Bown was so overcome by these cxprcssioins of kindfDelinga that she wept fqr joy.;. The afternoon was spent in speeches, the evening, in dancing -- toasts and songs, and house. It was quite a joyful at the Ward . " occasion. '. - - ; k ftly to-da- . ... k-so- to-bear- -- be-silen- d out-grow- known - each -other for years; from that moment we were friends that "spoke too meaningly,and meant too well," ever to misunderstand cach other, even when there came a jar between us, and was good for both of us, and quickly passed away. Now for an attempt at the "Character;" I ? felt impelled to write a few preliminaries, as an introductionjfeeling the chain would be imper- ' fect' without these important links; I shall at- scientific, but simply-stat- e tempt nothing elaborate my impressions and convictions. I had a type of your character presented to my mind the first time I saw you; subsequent intimacy has not materially altered it. Your form indicates power, your action denotes the same; your voice, and above nil your eye, bespeak power; you are naturally artistical, and ought to have made a mark in the fine arts; your rooms, your garden, your dress, the ar- - ; rangement of your books, your pictures, and your furniture all show the artist. The form of your head externally convc3 to my mind less of the principle of power, and I rejoice to see it, as it tells me "it will modify the mighty engine, and hold it in. check, when necessary; the head is that of a woman; and you may be satisfied with it. The language of your eyes, is at times remarkable, put thera in v prison sometimes, "there let them learn obedience," when necessary, and not tell learn to out even in silent eloquence all that is in the secret chambers of your mind; especially when under excitement, and more especially before those who do not know you. "Women from many, causes; should learn,, to be thfeir own keepers, your mouth denotes purity, firmness and much suffering; the nose inclines to the masculine, the forehead somewhat low but the to ut ensemble of the head is intellectual, and ought to be,?for the "whole- character is such; your frame denotes gentle blood and a fine ... nervous temperament; your bands, and the way inshich you use thein, have a language in -themTand denote character. --JThe"reemF"to me, to be the mixture of two natures in you, consequently you have a double duty to. perform in managing, ruling, and governing your- ..self. 1 verily. believe there is a large amount of good material in you; I feel "that your virtues are all your own, your faults those of?? v1?" your education and country." to me desired have And now ma chere, you -- . circle, recall your noble progenitors, your . Father ! see-- him waiting .watching in the spirit movements of his Josephine, his world, the? ! he exults child favored over you, for highly lie knows, if you remain faithful, jou as queen of your tribe and nation f and tliis can only be gained by faithfulne?s- by and? endurance. - YourO cap?toil and-tri- al, able to attain all this the material is in you, '7rookTTnt"Tc--defea- t Wal , w urignrti-"'- " trcaa every petty passion Deneatn yon j ousiy, feet let nothing have power to hold you back; lake life as you find it.and try to make the best of it. Our probation here is often ono of trials; but the less we dwell upon them the lighter they will appear. If we recall our childhood, our school day3 our early married life," we shall remember we had all we then knew how now we smile at them, and wonder that bo so tried by such trifles; we have could we mo ved up in the scale of progression, our kno wledge and wisdom have increased since those n all those early days, and we havo childish trials, as we ojur in the same way shall we hereafter look back that so perplex us, upon those trials of y . . e; now circumscribed? beyond-yo- ur " 'Tom Wood has run off to sea ! lie wonldn't, I know, if be only.had As haPDT a home as we. The iifght fcimo down, and the good wife smiled "Tlsso sweet to labor for those we love, s me "Jennie, I will (Toso, as have entered led; you upon an entirely new; life, study to apply the words of the wise man.. 'Know thyself," cultivato? and nourLshthe goodand noble qualities, rebuke anoVreject ed - ... And the children to fix away To school, and the milk to bc skimmed and churned: be don that day.- - " And all .' "It bad rained in the night, and all the wood Was wet as wet conld be; There were Duddiners and'oies to bake, besides : write freely to' yod,and :v; :? . 