WO MAN' fair-mind- ed, ex-Unl- ed may let our enemies persecute us a little, and when He sees they have done enough, He will come out of his hiding place, and smite them as with the besom of destruction; all the noise is about our peculiar marital relations. Well they must have something to fly at. ean eay that I ahi In that order of marriage and I thank my heavenly Father that He ever gave me the privilege, to be counted worthy to embrace that pure and holy principle; for I do know it is from God, and I would not give it up for all the riches In the world. My dear sisters, let ut hold on to that rueand holy principle. I do not fear the scofis and frowns of a dark and benighted world. I look for something more glorious and more bright. As it is now, it was when the Jews crucified ouSavior,"He prayed for them, He said, "Father forgive them for they kno not what they do;" so we Latter-daSaints can pity for not them what they do, when they know to' this they try persecute people. It looks as If the day was not far distant when fulthe prophecies of the Prophet Micah! will-bfilled, he states there in the 4 chapter 1st verse, "But in the last days It shall come to pass that the mountain of the house of the Lord shall be established in the top of the mountains, and it shall be exalted above the hills,and all people shall flow unto it, and many nations Ehall come, and say,come let us go up to the mountain of the Lord, and to the house of the God of Jacob, and he will teaching of his ways, and we will walk in his paths,for the law shall go forth out of Zion,and the word of the Lord from Jerusalem." Well my dear sisters, we are in the hands of the Lord and so are they, if we arc true to onr .relicion they cannot harm us; the Lord will take care of his Saints. I pray God to bless all Israel. n. J is a little work humorously written and quizzically satirical in style. Some little boys might admire its ingenuity! without knowing its broad and compre- "The Geese of Ganderica" hensive meaning and. its relation to the "Mor mon Question" or the Utah problem. After all there might be more in It than its size or elegance of composition would indicate; but how are we to know unless we read it? and " Ab a little nonsense now and then, la relished by the best of men,' the best thing to do is to buy the book and Judge for one's self. Ten cents is only a trifle, and It may elucidate the Utah problem. Br.' Ellen B. Ferguson has opened her office in the Hardy building, upstairs, opposite Z. C. M. I., where she will be pleased taste her friends and patrons. Having devoted the past winter to the practical study of the best methods of treatment of Diseases of Women, and Diseases of the Nose, Throat and Lungp, advocated and practised by the most eminent surgeons and specialists in the Hospitals of New York, she is prepared to give particular attention to these diseases, and attend to all other matters pertaining to her profession. Sisters in the settlements desiring to study midwifery, in order to qualify themselves to act in their respective localities, can have an opportunity of doing so as soon as a sufficient number are ready to form a class, BIHTHDAY RE-UNIO- 4 y e Frakces N. On Tuesday, the 11th Inst., a number of relatives and friends of the respected veteran, birthday. Among them were his daughter, Mrs. M. P. Young, Elder Julian Moses and wife, it being NOT A CITIZEN presents made to Father Pierce, who seomed truly delighted with the honor shown him and the blessings of his friends, it being a complete surprise to him. Father Pierce is an old and faithful Saint, having gathered with this peoplo at Nauvoo, in 1840. Ue has passed through drivings and tribulations with them. He came to Utah in 1817, enduring uncomplainingly all the privations of the Bafnts In ibote early days. He has ever proved himself worthy the love and confidence of the Saints. At 2 p. m. the company sat jctpwn to an elegant dinner, after which a few nourB wera epent Ieagantiy in lively eonversa. tion, when the comraEXdklXcdjreeling they had truly enjoyed the happy occasion, and thankful for the privilege of Joining to give honor to one of the aged yetersns In Israel. -- , M. F. FULFILMENT OF PROPHECY. I thought I would like to make a few remarks through your valuable paper, for' It seems as If all the nations of the earth ere arrayed against this people; well it is what cur Savior spoke cf, He eald, ."blessed are ye when people speak all manner of evil .of "you;" So It la only fulfilling BUT A WOMAN. I see by the late3t news from the Capital that senators and representatives have even resorted to the moat palpable falsehoods in order to eighty-fift- h the anniversary of his birth also, though a much younger man. There were several choice Hart. B. DANIEL IN THE LION'S DEN. Father Pierce, met at the residence of his daughter, Bister E. E. Fisher, in East 'Mil Creek Ward, to celebrate Ijia EX PO NB NT the words of "the Savior We are told that we have got to be a tried people, as gold seven times purified through the fire. And another of the ancient prophets has told us that the Judgments of the Lord have to commence ,at the house of the Lord first; bo we mustlook for it. The Lord larg&hearted Citj . The editor is a States official; one who Gentile, an thinks, judging from his wriUngs, Mormons have rights, and who has taken pains to ascertain facts and statistics, and he presents them to the people manner. The in a candid, straight-forwar- d author enters somewhat Into detail, and his points are made clear, and proof given of circumstances at they actually exist. It is perhaps at fairly written as any book could be by a non-Mormo- S deprive Mr. Cannon of his seat in Congress, now as for the misrepresentations of priests and people who make a business of lying for money, we could not waste time and paper in refuting their many false statements relative to Mormon people; but when a man representing a whole state, elected to Congress by his constituents will get up before the eyes of all nations and, misrepresent a people because It is popular, when .that people can prove that these false statements made and published to the world are based ufon prejudice and misrepresentation j I think it ia time the sons and daughters of the patriot fathers were investigating sucrrniattersv Bui, says the lordly senator who are ypuf what do -you know aboat Mr. Cannon? I am a daughter of the Veteran Fathers 1 the ""blootl-ofreQdomwursea through my veins; I am a legal heir to aTUuTBpta the Constitution of pur once free and happy country, therefore I am not afraid to speak wheu I see those sacred rights trampled upon by unprincipled representatives and' let those who are ignorant of the fact?, know that "He that Judgelh a matter without hearing ltV Is what v the wise man,SoIomon calls a fool." My Brother Thomas L. Greer who was wounded In thsjair with Mexico and never received his pension because of his, Identity'wiih the Mormon ' Church, ( which Is (ho tme Church cf Christ) received 1 , f ' from the officers of the War department in Washington a copy of the honorable discharge of our grandfather John Greer who fought for the liberty we claimed in the days of the immortal Washington. Te writer of tills article, ved neighbor to Mr. Cannon for twenty-fiv-e years, and testifies that he is an honorable man, a man that walks uprightly lefore God, and if she had ten votes would rajther give them to sustain him than to give one to elect a man to that high and sacred responsibility whojiad no regard for honor nor for virtue; who can be bought aud sold for hire, who seeks to blind the eyes of his constituents, and persecute the innocent and oppressed for the sake of popularity, whence knows it is wrong. The Mormon Prophet, Joseph Smith , said if the United States Government consented to the ehedding of his blood and mobbing and drivingthe Saints from Missouri tbattbey wojuld have mobs to their hearts content. They have done this, and since he was martyred, there has not only been a devastating war, causing untold sorrow to human hearts, commencing at South Carolina according to his prediction, but two Presidents have been martyred a thing never known before, in the history of the American Nation until the administrators of the Government refused to protect the people called Mormonain their Constitutional rights. Now let theso law makers deny Mr. Cannon his seat in Congress for no other cause but his religious belief: then down, down goes the government. God withdraws his aid, and they cannot hold together because the principles' of dissolution are planted m the heart of the Nation. I venture to say if Gen. Washington, should appear in the and say, let him that Halls of Congress is without fault cast the first stone at Delegate Cannon, he would be left alone to maintain that Instrument ibe .most sacred and heaven-bor- n li Constitution or Declart becomes Edmund's as of Senator bill that such a a law to disfranchise the citizens of Utah we would ay take down the standard of liberty no longer call this a Republican Government,fold up the flag of our beloved country that' so proudly waved over the land and eea to beckon all nations to coine to the "land of the free," and let that sacred emblem, the Goddess of Liberty, hide or bow her head in shame and bathe her cheeks in tears for the unjust administration of her country's laws, and the cruelty of Its wrongs. ' E Pltjribus Unum. Arizona. - to-d- ay oinirlcVB' IN MEMORIAM. Williams, In Provo, on Sunday morning, March 12, 1832, of pleara pneumonia, Eliza Helen, wife of Nathaniel Williains,and daughter rf "WTn TIT omrXTntlftlf Wo !! o rvvr I ?Q n muiiius, uuu iu uujr. y Deceased leavea a husband,seven children and many relatives to mourn her departure. She was a devoted wife and mother, was a prominent member of the Fourth Ward Belief Society, and always foremost in ministering to tho neces- cities of tlKi afflicted and needy. She died aa she had lived, a faithful Latter-da- y Saint, with an unshaken faith in a glorious resurrection. m,i i m iiiiimni rerviiLM it I'll iii'iii in i inrfBiw a and largo cortego followed the Meeting IJouse, remains to the cemetery. At Gran tsville, Rachel Stailey; wife of James Worthington, in her 79 th year, her death was r caused by falling on tbei ice, breaking Jaer thigh Injuring her spine; she lived six weeks alter ." fullering. y fie fallen great lKCtAata was uorn v uciooer 4 in, isua, in Franklin County, Pennsylvania; Joined the Church in Beaver County, Penn., under the nd . K -- 