r;couja seize upon luem, yei wey were unpunished, There Were women here who never violated the la w- - because prior to March, 1 582 f lire. was no penalty attached to the violation cf thin law by the woman the penalty attached t the men only: and Ihfcyiiiy-wer- e guiHyand? -la resnon; wlnu Who liirolhi. yetthomfcn libJe for the idea that this is the proper construe, ' tlon of the law ? Who is It that says It b right those bulwarks that have been thrown up by the Constitution?" He answered, "it Is the "Liberal" party of the Territory of Utah," (great 4pplau?e)i In proof of tfrte ancient or modern, frm the daysof Axlara tintll Dcwa grander or more; sublime exhibition of C"rnjEU4 l'tttI1 jae answered, No, Tin conclusion Mr. Richards dnouriced the "Lib ' teaLn rWouMt plankiHn-th- e 'Liberal" platform. Thepe fectlona he contended were endorsements of the construction ' that had been put upon the law, and for this he L branded the 'Liberal' party as being disloyal (Applause,) and as seeking to subvert the fundamental principles of the Kovfrnmonf.iinr- which we Jive. (Renewed ftpplause.)-M- r. Rich- ards then alluded to the rule of construction an piled to laws and showed that the" legislative -- body must be supposed to intend to confine a kacxfif tEe "Mormons," and beiteve that she will have the courage timply to tell the truth regardJe&i pf lie opnJcn. m7 ': V2x thisact-cf-Cnregsran-dch'ar- them with tearing away the very corner stone "cf the tern r pie of liberty that were cementel by the blood of our ancestors. ( Applause.) He briefly allad-e- d to th tactfc of the ''Liberal" party, especial-l- y to P. T. Van Zlle's promise that if the people would elect him he would secure' statehood fnr ged -- uu uian wouia gel a . the-Legis-la- tlve . to-da- y, y, at ice pleasure -- James Osterman, Secretaries; and Mary Jane Fiftyflve members enrolled. -- Lewis Treasurer. The sis' era gave much good instruction and all H felt "Pluiial Iakbiaok' as Taught by the Pro phet Joseph," is the significant title of a book just out, from the pen of Helen Mar Whitney, already favorably known as a writer through hef contributions to the Exponent. The lady is the eldest daughter of Heber C. Kimball, so longN and closely- - associated with .Brlgham YoungT The book contains strong testimonies of living witnesses on the subject referred to, as well as quotations from the sayings and writings of Joseph Smith" himself, and Heber C. KimbalL She tells how the revelation upon celestial mar. riage came into the possession of Brlgham Young. Mrs. WThitney writes in a simple, unpretending style, but her language ij chaste and her statements cannot be denied. Pacta are stubborn thing?, and truth carries conviction to the honest hearted and humble. We commend this little pamphlet to the Latter-da- y Saints, book was world. The wiiole to the and published at the Office of the "Juvenile In structor" and is for Bale there, and at this office at 10 cts. per copy. It. contaiLS 52 pages and In printed in very clear type. : . Times-Democr- we naa Miss well rendered. MarlaXewia. " ii n elf cted Ann! Ostler " and : Prtti t, 2was ... Maggie OLen, Counselors, Joieh Maginnia and . .... rroTT-i- i were - statute within constitutional limits, because in that consists ita vitality, and outside of these limits it is dead, imbibing the antidote poison of unconstitutionality that if a constitutional construction can be placed upon it, it must be so applied and contended that the law of March, 18S2, as it had been construed, by the "Liberal" prty, not as enacted by Congress disfranchised men and women illegally- - and - unconstitutionally and therefore he branded that party as disloyal by seeking to make it appear that Congress had violated the Constitution. (Applause.) ' He referred briefly to the pretended moral aspect of me DiiJ, ana related an anecdote of an Indian HOME AFFAIRS. who, by mischance, cut his dog'a tail off behind the ears and exclaimed, uarh ! hean a tooVhnrt; 03IAHA 7. Telegraphic dispatcher say, "The to illustrate the point that the tail had come constitutional amendment relative fo woman short of what was designed by the "Liberal" suffrpge, has been defeated by a large mftjority." party, because it did not say "in the marriage We are very sorry for Nebraska, and had hoped relation." (Laughter and applause.) At first it to see the amendment passed this year, but "If reached the whole of the people in this Territory. at first you don't succeed, Try, Try, sgaln." Any man cohabiting with more than one woman ... On Thursday, accompanied by our daughter was liable to lose his franchife and the righ t to Louie we left Salt Lake with Mrs. Zfna D. H. hold office. But the "Liberals" undertook to Young, to visit Wasatch Stakeyattend Women's lengthen it out bv ndrfincr tn t TTn Conferences and go through the country. We longer they made it the shorter it became, but returned on Monday, having visited Heber City, wnen tney got through with doctoring the legisONlidway, Charleston, Wallsburg and Timpanogas lation it was entirely, too short to reach the andattended eight meetings; and enjoyed our "Liberal" party. (Laughter.) Now it covered : z visi t very much. I L: thoroughly the People's Party, but the "Liberal' party was left out in the cold. In other words, The Lecture Committee for the Y. L. M. I. this greatmoral measure upon which they (the A. Salt Lake Stake, report that they are prepared . "Liberal" party) prided themselves, and for to furnish lecturers for the Young Ladies' Assowhich they rendered up everlasting ciations.' This is the season when Jhe evenings gratitude this great moral measure permitted men and are sufficiently long to devote an hour at least, women who had descended to the lo west to the pursuit of knowledge. Inquire at this depths cf degradation logo to the "ballot" boxand cast office or by letter to the editor, and the answer their votes, - while honest, virtuous men and will be promptly given cr sent. women of the People's Party were excluded Mrs. Elizabeth Lisle Saxon, of New Orleans is because of the 5marriage relation." (Applause.) in the City. .. She comes as a special correspondHe was glad they had extended the bill, he was New Orleans, and ent of the glad of the distinction they bad made,- - because also the Pelladelphia Times. The lady has been It placed the a on so People's Party plane high, widely an favorably known as a poet "and that those other people (the "Liberal" party) novelist, and more recently as a lecturer and would never, by any ladder they could construct, suffragist. She is a fluent and rapid speaker, -- be able to reach it. (Applause.) "In the displeasing In her address and especially attractive franchisement of this people we see one on the platform. She has made forty-seve- n of the most sublime instances of patriotism that public addresses in the' state cf Nebraska, since can be found In the American Republic. (Loud the 3d. of October, in the interest of the amendapplause.) Here are thousands of peopleun-jastlment granting suffrage to women. The amendillegally, unconstitutionally, deprived of ment was los t, but the women of Nebraska are the dearest and most sacred rights of American citizens, and yet they humbly, meekly and "one or two public lectures during her sojourn to submit this indignity until, in the peaceably In our city. The time and place as wellas.the due time of Almighty God, the supreme tribunal subject of htr lecture, will be announced through of the Republic shall restore to them their sacred the papers. We cordially welcome Mrs. Saxon rights" (Prolonged and vigorous applause. to our delightful valley, and r trust she will have-- a Was there, he asked, in the annals of history good opportunity, of seeing th? happy home ny a, ineJreititory-irrt legislative Commission, and showed the inconclstency of these promlpeg, in view of the fact f hat the platform in which the "Liberal" .candidate stood was opposed to U iah'f fitateh'ond and was in favor of Corn minion;-- He a ked "ilifcljiere&-- rUiatrneetleaa representative who would beas firm aa a pillar cf adamant, to withstand the .8Jk?fhatred raging against her, we should jend a man- - who would be s wayed by every Dreatn or prejudice; when she now needed an able defender,' should we send a vindictive prosecutor? When she needed a wise and sympathetic friend, whose heart would beat with joy at her successor sink with sadne?s at her sorrow, should we send a cruel and relentless fee, who would rejoice to see her deprived of the last ves- hberty? His vote on the ?th of Novem ber would answer i'No,". because in the Hon. John T. Caine he saw the wise friend, the able advocate and the pillar of adamant. .Mr. Richards retired to his seat amjd prolong d ap-' ' .., plaus. irutry with BUters E. R. B. Smith and M. I. Home.- - A Relief Society was origan ized, by Countelor Andrew Olsen Gel-teassisted by Mri. E. R. 8, Smith.: Mrs. Wil. helmina OL'en, President; Mrs. Harriet Wilson and Catharine Lewis, Counselors; Mrs. Mary E. NefljSecretary; Matilda Christophoson Assistant -- Secretary ty members mrolled.4 " Same day, 2 o'clock p. ni , meeting was held, and a XVimaryAesac'ation was organized, Sister E. R. 8. Smith organizing. The children were quiet and orderly, and 4b eir exercises "trn-Banay,:iniX)nipa- OBITUARY. : RJC50LUTI05S OF RESPfCT', On the death of Mre. Ellen Jackson Goldtbrongb, who departed this life five hours after Uw birth of a ion, her tenth child, at her residence in NephI, Oct. 27, 1S32. Whereas, God In his mercy and wisdom, has seen fit to call from our midst our beloved sister, who has beea-s- o faithful in tho discharge of her duties as a Relief SoAssociety Teachcrand as a Counselor in the Primary ciation, and who has been, acknowledged as a devoted . wife in the plural order of marriage, who was a kind and affectionate mother, a loving daughter and lister, and a true and confiding friend; and who in her girlhood left all that was near and dear to her, in her native land, to Saints; crossed the plains cast her lot with the Latter-daHer hand-cart aged father and mother in a company. brother andlwo"6!sters, iolIowedTwltb Jdyshewelcomed them to .her mountain home. She was truly the Pioneer of her father's house, and now her pure spirit has gone before to the spirit world, there to await and welcome her kindred and all that she held dear in this life. So. We, as officers and members of the Nephl Relief y ciety unanimously adopt the following resolutions. the husband and partner We sincerely condole-wit- h Amelia Goldtbrough, and her dear children, also her aged father, and mother, brothers and sisters, and tender them our heartfelt sympathies In this sad bereavement. May her examples of purity and Integrity be emulated by every member of our Society, that her noble liCa may re inspire in ns a renewed determination to honor our liglon and our God. Resolved, That we adopt these resolutions aa a token of respect, that we present a copy of these resolutions to , . 