T "I e 1 - ; ... ' slsa. arUivlv if tire it net-- .scene stands avstf? erwexui are ii m iUuibr:, bu; the that' were ta ..be-a- ""7 GLASS ex- - a b , V.M ""alborbtiJ, and our eiaeuons so influenced and and carried so tar be vondour control, that h seems but a short step to reality. Our iraag- inatioife become excited as was the poet while jrivinz to air v nothing a local habitation ir.Hi'..wfAjrtjJ, and a name." - - Dr. ROMANIA P. PR ATT lt Will cammeaftj Mr kUhs lu Obttrlc,Novcmljec her oiUca ovr (kdlJ 'Vt I'ltU' Drug Store. tyi. Inthree week for tire month,. During tho cpune, DrrT Andcrtoa Riid lleuedict will each deliver lx prael Ucal lecture.-'Fea for court, S;0.00; fornwr booki (3), Manikin," Bkelcton, hx- strotnents and plates for illustration; TleaB send jor. dera for books early, as thay hi vu to ordered from tho East, ., Ivtse-tu- rr a, -dents, K'; 'A: xatioxal society for l . woman suffrage has be indepen aris. micaT or .'"teniOi ;party The: r lie Lhazeue (pare JNlonc- The minimum subs cripUonis : eau), thn?e iran.' v There "wiU"also be honorary as- sociates,' who are not expected to subscribe. r The funds will be- divided into three sections:- -: the expenses of the office and reports; the ex- penses-o- f issuing publieationsr and thorfund for been established Jn l. Iill, t -- can - compose poetry at will; for it is'not like obtaining the suffrage tor women will he exreason, a power to be exercised at pleasure, cluded from the meetings and publications of but he must: be so pervaded and cngrosed by the society. Ex. : the subjects that he writes as by inspiration, "Thoughts, that breathe and words that burn." Queex Elizabeth of Roumania, known in be labored will and not it mechanical, - literature under the pseudonvm of Carmen If thus, rather than flowingyanI.muMc Sylva, has been elected a member of the Ac- recelvOhe first conceptions of the poet If he ademy of 'Science'at Bucharest, and will be were capable of reproducing them, it is imformally installed next Kovember. She is the to result. the The possible imagine first lady to whom this compliment has been thoughts " that we read with greatest pleasure, are but paid. She is the daughter of Prince Herman feeble shadows of the originals. When the of Weid, and is about thirty years old. From first 1 to the itself mind, subject inspira-presents her early youth she has shown much taste and -tion flashes forth its resplendent light, impart-in- g talent for poetry. Her first literary work con- richness and beauty, but when, composition begins, inspiration wanes, and the force and German reviews. Two years ago she published grandeur of the beginning generally declines a poem in German, containing four stories, towards the end. called "The Storms." It is for this work that and so musicare that closely related, Poetry the Bucharest Academy has elected her a memwhen speaking of one the other is, inferred. ber. She has also written a collection of philThey are "the parents of action good and osophical thoughts, which appeared "in the Nouvelle JZ&me an epic called "Aschaver," and a quantity of German translation of Rou- 4Music resembles poetry: in each manian poems, among others, those of Wassali Are nameless graces, which no methods teach, And which a master's hand alone can reach." Alexandri, - the best known- - of contemporary ; j . Roumanian lyrists. The..Queen is greatly-be- What a beautiful illustratioiLoOanguage is loved in lioumania, and it is an excellent "musicTput when combined with her sister-a- rt, augury for the welfare of the young Danubian it becomes eloquence highly ornamented. kingdom that its sovereign assists in its literary Music like poetry, is "a sphere descended development. Womam's Journal. maid." In all nature her presence is recog- nized, in the sighing of a reed, in the gushing rill, in the breeze as it softly whispers in the CHILD'S ESSAY. trees, making the little leaves dancemerrily to its enlivening airsJSTor is monotonyjQund anywhere in natUrerrlo two leaves are alike, WEST JORDAN PRIMARY. " no two flowers,'no two faces; everything has its distinguishing feature.7 Fresh evidences My Dear Little Brothers and Sisters. As I are ever being found of the Creator's laws of am " appointed to write an essay I will try and ' ;J variety. do the best I can, but I don't think I can write The power of music is irresistible. It holds any thing that will be interesting to any of sway over the passions, allaying anger and you. I like to come to meeting and come in strife. It animates warriors i to bravo and -time. I am willing to do any thing I am courageous deeds. In trouble and sorrow called upon to do. We should be kind to those onusic is a great friendand "wisdom's aid." placed over us, and listen to good counsel. We Association unites with music in her efforts are taught when we come to meeting, we should to influence the emotions. . ;.; ; be obedient to our parents and respectful to all ; "It makes a glad remembrance of our youth, old people. We should pray night and morn-inCalls back past joyB, and warms us into transport." and in the day-tim- e as well, for when any of our little brothers or sisters are sick,, we At close of day. how pleasant to listen "to tho should pray in our hearts, and have faith that notes of village bells, as they burst forth loud and clear, and then linger and die in the disthey will get well, and they will get well; inasmuch as we ask sincerely. I think if we would tance. attend meeting regularly we would feel a great "Some chord in unison with what we hear deal better than if we do not. My little broth' Is touched within us, and tho heart replies." ers andsisters, if we could only realize the The character of a nation is shown by its blessings that we are surrounded with. Kind music; Confucius said, "Would'st thou know parents and teachers to instruct us. Let us come to meeting and if a people be well governed, if its 'manners be attend'regularly and come in time. Let us or the music it practises." good badpexamine J wilTdb'Dtterin the future than we have done in the past Please May America's poetry ever be of the divinest and best, and her music the most melodious, this is my first attempt; I will now close this and so continue to live, that it can be said,' wishingjtado4etter-th- e next timer Her history is her grandest; poem. --Your Sister in the Primary Association. - - llSALT LAKE CUT. Special Departments lor. Gent Clothlnx and " Carpets, Ladlee and Children's Shoe, Dry Qoods, Shawia ftad Domestics, Groceries, Hard' ware BndJ?tOYu : ; ' -- CRIED FRUITS OF ALL CUSSES WANTED. thatjof ieetia-iTibtBer -- -- .. - ! It is doubtful whether even the greaterpoelT" i do n o t al law m tm!e r- lunatic, nor women to vote, liiw.u a which to enumerate wi vcj, nice catcry-iii- r mothers'. r en iV? Wlrtonsuu 'daughters and ;Xu.e la w $ "bo" we a soiVguard again; reality, an addiuaual pleasiie. As Voribwcrt "sap, ''There is the perception of similitude in diiimilitude. Rhythm is1 the dUi miliar de- - lhvihiu-- tr .Wisccnsra IH OBSTETRICS, 1)Y facial re.uetof Mhb. )!. II. fiHOW SMITH . -- M- - I- - "ia ,' 25- - O-- ; , WHOLESALE AXD RETAIL DEALERS ES O TlOKB,-GROCERrE- HT DRY dQCKiDS HEAVY & SHELF HARDWARE, GLASS & QUEENSWARE, AGRICULTURAL - IMPLESIENTS, Ero. -- . -- i y, : REST SELECTED STOCK and Of BOOTS, fullSHOES & SLIPPERS, beet brand3 and desirable " . Qry and vidnlty wm find the LARGEST Of Salt Lake Abo, Knee, Olilldron'o obeln lh Weet. ; Bhoos, an Solidfai W Tour Ordart JDTTl&JFOttJD. O-EJ- 1 ELLEN PHYSIGIAH B. FERGUSON, AND SDHGEOH, on Main Street, over Hardy Ero OJJflce . 3T"ixio Store. Specialist udy has been given to Snrgery, Dlaeaiga of Women, and Diseases of the NOSE, THROAT AND LUNGS, - L -- Of JEL.G- 23 Xj - Home Made Tranlu O O EL T S for JO II SaJe bj 31 C. CUTLEB, Agent for the PROVO WOOLEN MILLS, Old Conmtltatlon Bnlldlnri abo HOME MADE "Brown Tama, Cotton Rsttini Blankets, White Tama, , Wool Battlm-- f Flannels, J Colored Yarns, Shawls, Linseys, Casalmerfl, Jeanf, Tweeda, Brooms, Washboards, Brushes, Eta, Etc -- P. AUERBACH & BRO. .:".r: : : TO TKEIB BEMQVED CALL hi 124 1 126 Ml, AND EXAMINE Mi Spring and Snnimcr Goods. TINNER, CAS WATER & STEAM FITTER. P7"Agent for RTTMSETS celebrated LIFT and FORCB Ptnnpe Repaired on short notica. Ordertfron the country promptly responded to. 1ST AddrtmtPcJwntBtaWStSLcCi-1 PUMPS. " H. DINWOODEY, . WHOLESALE ASTD BSZAIZt DKAU53 IS showJ)V-r-aefioii5i-trfflt--nr- ' W II W iheretry'-aatbn-expressesntsTemi- Cohocs, X Y. Hattie FClough. July 8, 1832. . ; Kebecca Goff. spaiic mi; 75, 77, biee hjmsses feithebs kail papei 79, First ;South Street SALT LASS CITY & 