1 The Rights of the Women of Zion, and the Rights of the Women of all Nations. Vol. SALT LAKEr CITY; UTAH, APRIL 15; 1882: 10. A CODICIL. To only those it may concern, A few brief words I have to say; Entwine no flowers around my Urn, Let no cold eyes behold my clay. When death has sealed my pulses up, And tpd my heart to ccasti its thrill, .When I have drained lifo's mingled cup, And eyes, and heart and brain are still, Then, may some dear and treasured hand, Enfold me In my Temple robe And 'tis my wish, nay more command That none death's secrets see to probo ! I want no one to gaze on me With curious, apathetic eyee But those who loved me, they may bo Admitted with their fond good byes ! These ever are, the few, to all Their tears are "holy water" pure, And from a sacred fountain fall, my heart will ne'er abjure. Within the presenco of the dead Be still tho' I shall not be theroT" My spirit gladly will have fled, To Mansions Oh ! so bright and fair. And&these, I wi&h my Cenotaph to be Within the hearts of those I love, I ask that they will shed for me A few sweet tears, their love to prove. I ask thro' their remaining days They will at times, remember me; Their love so sweet, is more than '.'Bays," To bind my brow could ever be ! Of all I've written, said, or thought, There's little I would fain recall The feeling that has ever wrought, Within my soul, was love to all ! 'lis true the ever mystic "three" Within my heart have borne their sway, Dear dearer dearest all to mo Have shed their warmth thro' life's brief day. I'm thankful for tho boon of life, For good its darkest days have been Its sunny ones, with beauty rife, Have shed o'er all their glorious sheen. There's nothing more I here will say My dearest ones ! remember me ! AntEhygd these words nay more obey "Avnd see that they fulfilled shall be. Hannah T Kino. who trust in Him. Then we will acknowledge his hand in this, as well as everything which has transpired towards building up his kingdom upon the earth. I well remember in my youth when repeating my Sabbath School lesson, how surprised I was, that the Lord should ask iis to love our neighbors as ourselves, which was almost impossible; and again the Savior said ydu must "love your euemies bless them that curse you and pray for those who persecute you, bless and curse not.;' I could not, help asking how He could require such obedience as this; when He who created us knew that with our dispositions and temperaments this could never be accomplished. It is impossible in our own strength to do this. But now I feel thankful that I have lived to see the day when I havq learned what the gift of the Holy Ghost will do to educate the human heart. When under that influence, you will love all the creations of God our Father, you will give every thing its proper value, and also its proper place, you will have fervent charity, even that which the Apostle Faurpoke-o4.whehe said, "though I give all my goods to feed the poor ana my body to be burned, and have not charity it profiteth me nothing." You will not hate your enemies but pity thtir blindness. For they believe in the Savior of the world, and yet will fight against those principles which He has designed them to obey, that they may be qualified to come into his presence, and also brin a reign of peace upon the earth; and do they oDject to this r Do they prefer war and strife ? It often looks like this. I am satisfied they are as blind as the Jews were when the Savior made his first appearance upon the earth. I would most theseales may drop from earnestly pray-th- at their, eyes, as did St. Paul's, when Ananias prayed for him. This will be the case too I feel assured to say, of all those who are as truly anxious as St. Paul was, to do the will of God, our Father, and their Father too; for we are all the children of one Father. Such persons will rejoice in the light of the Gospel for it is the true light, (as St. John says) which lighteth every man which coraeth into the world. But on the contrary the light of the world dazzles and blinds, and they, also wish to dazzle others. ;;TJiis seems to be their great Mary Ellen Kimball. object. OPINIONS OF A GENTILE LADY. Do not we read in holy writ that the Lord angry with none, excepting those who do not acknowbdge his hand in all thing3 ? This may be done in many things, and we frequently find it takes a little time patience and experience to learn how to apply the: rule to ourselves. And now since we have confidence that this is the word of the Lord the Question arises how shall we acknowledge the hand of the the Edmund's bill? When the news came that the Edmund's bill was to become a law, my first impressions were directed to the passage we find written in Revelations chapter 30, verse 19th.- - "As many as I love i rebuke and chasten, be zealous therefore and repent." I think these measures when put in practice will arouse our zeal, and when we present onrsel res to our Father in heaven in humility, He will bless aid comfort all those is Lorn ness and corruption. A woman is to be des pised, who calmly sits down, folds her hands,. CUUU3 UC1 U.UU lilWW llti CilJIO IU VVCIJ UllUg. beyond her own home circle. She. can do so, if she has no sons or daughters to go forth into the world. . But she dare not, if she reads the daily papers and has a child growing up to manhood or womanhood. I honestly own to you that I do not believe in Mormonism but neither do I believe tho half of what is said against it; and wish sometimes that I could "mind my own business and not concern myseii at an aoout iu iiut am a sort of restless bumble-bee- , and reading so much in the newspapers against it, stirs me up until I want to stir up somebody else. r iL: I went to hear Ann Eliza lecture; my soul full of enthusiastic indignation against the terrible set of people of whom I had read, and 1 : Pi l sue ouul eacupeu. Tx uearaJiner deirom wnom and lecture liver the same twice, thought, as I listened to her, "well, if I had escaped from something so terrible as tho papers say is, I would not get up and speak a . 1 Mor-monis- m n Salt Lake City, April 1832, TRUE CHARITY. No. 22. Mrs. E. B. Wells: Editor Woman's Exponent: To the Mormon women, all who have so" kindly and politely replied to me, I send greeting and good will. I will not attempt to name them, fearing, one name mizht be overlooked and the person seemingly slighted. Believing them all to be intelligent, Christian' truthful, women, I accept their affirmations as to their pure-hearte- d, contentment in the life they have chosen, or inaccepted. The Mormon question is a very teresting one to me, and when the Mormons say, as one or two did in replying to me, that, "We mind our own business, and .only wish to belet alone." I hope they do not mean to say to me, "Mrs. Scott please to mind your own business, and ask no more questions." I consider it the business of every intelligent, rightminded woman to ask questions about the Mormons and every thing else, in this day of licentious I would tell something I I would stamp ray foot, and shake my fists at the audience, and impress them with a sense of the terrible doings of the wicked, depraved people from whom I had escaped.' Why two thirds of the women in her audience could have told a gadder talo . of domestic misery than she related. . Her lectures rfirst caused jvelitquootlon ihv tnimmines3 of the statements concerning the M Then I came across the Expon ent, and read in it, only of good works being done; no accounts of murders, suicides or, evil doings. Its pages were as pure as the heart of a littie child; tho poetry in it, true poetry, fragrant with faith in CinA nnd Inxrn fnwnrrl pnrh nthpr. AFnrAnnrl more I felt convinced that, those Mormons arc not all bad, and I determined to inquire into the matter to see if these things were so. If you have no objections we will drop the subject of polygamy lor the present time, and talk of other points of your belief. Is every individual member of your church as full of faith in God a3 yourself ? ... seem women The implicit religious faith you to have, will, fear, never be given me. My heart is full ounbelief skepticism, or Ingersol-ism- . Yet I sincerely wish to have faith. : But questionings and bitterness overcome me when I see the miseries of life, the sufferings of innc cent ones and the prosperity of the wicked. My very soul abhors the doctrine 01 rutur rewards and punishments as preached. What is the belief of the Mormon Church, and do you all have the same belief on such matters ? Romania B. Pratt saysin her letter to the Exponent, "that you have notmado yourselves well enough known,that there might be safety in having a few .sentinels stationed on the towers alar on. bo perhaps it woum help both you and me, to talk of the real belief of V those terrible Mormons. -- . J . " ' . In Emily Scqtt. iho Massachusetts legislature' the last week in March 1882, the House bill to permit and the women to practice as attorneys-at-law-, . House bill for the preservation of the health pf .females employed in manufacturing mechanical 'and mercantile establishments were ordered to be engrossed. Er. -- 