Y. RS., L.M. I. "AT AND PRIMARY 'thijirnneetingsrttnd cot. their-minifo- uld Prayed God to bless and REPORTS. uuu uoi aaraiy; avoia ail wnipping and fault and then will honor us. This is they finding, a mission that devolves1 Upon the mothers, and en- - come darkened. . A able all to do right. 3ZiIZ;. said she was happy to Rich Counselor Maria meet with her sistere, and bear her testimony. We enjoy great privileges now to what we did Prothirty orforty years ago. Wo have the phets and. Apostles of God to instruct us, yet Trusted all do, we - realize these blessings? . WII LARD, I50X ELDER CO. 3 "The Primary Association of Willajd was organized on September 12th, 1878, by Sister Eliza R. Snow with one hundred and Eixty eight members. Sister Jane Owens wa3 elected :r President; Susannah E. Facer, .Eleanor M. Ward and Sarah Brewerton, Counselors. In June, 1880, Susannah E. Facer and Sarah A. Brewerton were released, and Sophia. Hubbard added as First' Counselor: Marian Perrvr Sarah Parsons, Rebecca Davis, Charlotte Cole, Emilv Cole,-Margar- Mason- et - . ri leasurein associatmmth ,tnose who arejin able to con verso on topics- - of vital importance to both parties. ' 1 hose who stay away irom their meetings miss a great deal of. good in structions, and it shows they are not as much labors of: the officers : and: assistan ts, the U in a very flourishing condition and now numbers one hundred and eighty-tw- o The Primary held a conference in T members. the schoolhouse of tliis place on the 6th day of May, 1882, commencing at 10 o'clock a. m. and associ-atio- n Solo-Dillo- . ; Evan - -- Visitor. rm meeting of the Sisters general held in Paris, Saturday and Sunday, April 22nd and 23d, 1882. Present on the stand T . :thiuejentr of God. in the rJ.,,;,PAJBls:lDAiia of a Jlinutes , 4- JWjT.;J1 wv. Till T3 f iA.-V.- . - Collings and M. Rich, of Stake Presidency of the Relief Society; Mrs M. I. Home, of Salt take City; Prest. A. Laker, of Stake Primary and others. 10 a. ..'.'. ? " interested in the things of God as they should be. Sisters as well as brethren, should not sustain those whom they know are their enemiesthose who would destroy their husband?, fathers andsons, and sever every tie of kindred. Wished the sisters to use an influence "with their husbands, as counselors in these matters. We are too careless in the training of our children; for we do not do our duty towards them. We should get them around us in the evening and talk to them of the things that pertain to their good. .We should do this in their early days; remember the words of "Train up a child in the way it should go "and when it is old it will not depart from it." Singing; Benediction by Elder J. U. Stucki. 2 V. M. Singing; prayer by Bro. , Col lings; singing. President Lindsay said she would answer a few questions which had often been asked in regard to these two days meetings The Presidency of the Stake had advised us to get up these district meetings, that we might hear from 2 o'clock p. m. respectively. The exercises, consisted of songs, recitations,j5elect readings and dialogues; which were executed in a way reflecting greafcredit to President Jane Owens and assistants, as also to the young folks the: following deserve special mention: select reading by Master Orvis Call and a recitation by "Master James Perry, which were rendered very admirably, in fact it was a rich feast to the visitors to hear the children execute their pieces so excellently throughout. Elders T. W. Brewerton , Moses Dud ley, ' minds are somewhat similar, to our bodies, they : need food spiritual food, that will enable us 'to overcome all the little trials of our every day lile. lielated an instance illustrative of the fact that after we commit a bad deed, altiiough wo may sorely recrret the occurence of 7 the same, yet we would not be able to remove all recollections, of having done such a thing. The sisters should get a - knowledge for them- ocivco, ftuu Dcaxuu men ucuria uxiu Bee II lliey are serving vjoa. n wo are umtea tnc lord will heln us. and we nftwl tint fear our p.nptnipa "Siiefoi" rVJImfTrc- - .V r o " T ara all iha Vk?l1v vv GodTand have the grand privilege" of livings m these valleys oi the mountains, lor the express purpose of preparing ourselves for an exalta tion kingdom of God. Wc should shun the evil and do that which is good. The Lord will strengthen us ' if we trust in him. Never jieglect our prayers, or the evil one will have power over us. We are our own agents; we . would prove faithful to the end. ; v the good in- -' Prest. Budge was pleased with structians the sistere had given ; and for the : peaceful spirit that had been in attendance, in-the sistersjtojbe lt waajustas necessary for was not much for there struoted as the brethren; and Caroline A. Williams and Alexander Perry made few a encouraging remarks to the members of the Association, expressive of the pleasure felt in mingling in the exercises of the day. The ' Primary have paid to Emigration $10.00; , Logan Temple, S 9.10; for 1881. Yours truly, y- it 'is no light matter to be a mother. Our :.!::.,. '"":..- Singing; prayer by President -Wm. Budge; singing. . Prest. Lindsay was pleased, to meet with the to have the pleasuro of Sister and sistere, Home's company, and trusted all would give her their faith and prayers, and those who .should speak, that they might do so by the spine oi uoav Sister Home thought it was better for all to meet together, as it would be impossible for her .to visit them in tho different settlements. Wc are living in peculiar times. Satan is trying all ho can to overthrow U3 and therefore wo must pray continually for God's protection and care, and live humbly and -- prayerfully before him. Tho" speaker had always made it a point m in-th- with evil doers any more than we are when our children do wrong Let us be careful of the If we labor in example we setytfur-childr- en. righteousnessinour Fathe?s kingdom we will . - areoth:ngcompared with iii . HnmA snnwpn irt thA-nowvcciti- tn. joying the Holy Spirit of God while addressing the bamts; although she had nothing iiew to vancc to the people, yet, as Paul says, it is nec- 1 1- A 1 " - 1 in remembrance of the Gospel of Christ. to the action pf Congress concerning Al-'lud- ed tion might wage strongly against us. InT administering to the sick among the tho powers of darkness, but command it never . - 1 .1 uic nouse again; reiaieu an mci' reiurn to il i10 s A A dent in conneption with the principle. Spoke upon the power of Satan in trying our integ- rity, as in the case of Job. Satan is also i tit Trfimnrr 11 11U1 w IlltU UglUj ipov ln liUU AlmlrrfTT IrJI , Vviit UUb if nvtlr V AVV' 1J. 11 his laws Satan will be overcome, and Zion will rise triumphant. We must be humble in order l j anu ato- uusw- 1.oe- eaycul iu iuie presence oi vrou; end we have to be proved in all things. The speaker then recited instances from the Bible" where the Lord had tried his saints to seo whether they trusted in his promises. Alluded to the necessity of good behavior among u?. It will be our good deeds that will exalt us in the presence of God, and not our professions. Showed how the Lord had prospered his people in the wilderness, and how he haA f it to blossom as the rose. ' The speaker had been tried, but, with the help of the Lord had over come many things. In plural marriage this was noticeable; but she had believed in every principle revealed by God, thro jgh Joseph Smith, and consequently when this revelation was given, she felt it her duty to observe it. uavo mucn auvice 10 motners in training their children, and in order to successfullv accomplish this, the sisters must have the spiriL. lolvrs. oil When the Lord blesses us, never forget to re- faithful-'- a- m-id- 1 the richesj)f eternity. Motherstcach your children good manners and politeness to all with whom they may associate. If you teach them such good things when they are young, you make an impression upon them which is not easily erased. Kemember-th- e Sabbath - day- - to - keep it holy. The Lord will not hold us guiltless if we allow our children to break the Sabbath day. Let us set the example and then our children will .walk in. our footsteps. .Deal firmly with them, 1 1 ... -- hnilr! nn .i . Sisf.PT . care, before starting on a journey. Advised mothers to teach their children to be truthful and obedient to their parents; said, Are we seeking to live the will of our Heavenly, Father? If wc arc not, we will be beaten with many stripes for we have the same chances as our brethren. We must seek tho "Lord and learn his ways. Too much time" must not be ' .'spent in toiling to clothe the body. Wcwiil have to" get rid . of our traditions, and step 1 forth,, when called upon, and do our duty; for the Lord will help those who help themselves; although persecution may come heavily upon us, vet she did not think the Saints would ever be driven again; but the Saints must be united, -- all would be called to account: for the deeds - done in the body. Advised all to attend to ran fn hpln remembered by all. hinging, Benediction by Elder H. Margetts. Sunday, 10 A. m. Singing; prayer by Bp. R. Price; singing; Sacrament administered. -- 4 (in nil top -i ! ;- WPflKnPSSPS. flTifl the. Kingdom of God. Prest. Lindsay was delighted with the good . if i . i n: things Sister Nancy Pugmire said she was pleased to meet with the: sisters, was jsroud of those oTZion. Al whoM and like felt going on, help to build up ways the Kingdom of God. Wished to do all the good she could and speak words of kindness to all; if she saw any one in want, was always taught to aid them, and help those who were placed over her. vWas interested in the young ladies of Zion andLwas proud to associato with tho young ladies of this stake. Prayed the Lom to bless all the sisters and help them to do their duty at all times. Sister Alice Rich had noted the want of - confidence in bur daily life. We should strive at all times to live our religion and to be humble and prayerful. Happy is the home where confidence is not broken. Wo should live up- rightly and honestly and do our duty. TM Lord has promised to fight our battles if wo will keep his commandments, and if there are more bills passed in Congress they can" do us no : harm. Sister Home regretted not being able to mcet with the young ladies sepearately. Our daughters have sat under the' voice of the Prophets of God, and have been instructed . in things of great importance. Do not fear our enemies; but fear God and keep the Jaws He has given unto us. The things of thisvorld e " " -- t?i .:.l:a L.j ness and to seek that wisdom from God. Prest. Lindsay:' It is necessary that we live true Saints of God, be humble before him and , - ' which cometh 