herfluallj, and publish the same id the VTomix'h and place ft copy on oar record; jrC"-- - . ' to their realms of Jgkt Mj angels welcoras Our Sitter dear, so lovely, pure and bright, In paradise, amocg the pure and good AYho lorAha causa of truth havo nobly etood.: JIabt Pitchposth, as purity were as precious in his sight been. had that world the ever m any age of And a great deal moro was said, but I could not comprehend it. I was sure that mv father knetv- what he told jne wasi the ArulJi; bu t ho Et-jro5Kf- . to-da- " " - " couldnot knowJtJbr ; pure and good as the man who marries but one and is true to her. And in like manner do we view the women who are faithful to their husbands, whether they live in 'Polygamy" or : out of it. ' "." Ifyou are!sJtjinn.lJoubt about the same Lord giving one commandment to the Nephites. and -another to the" Latter-da- y Saints, let me - call your attention to a single illustration of a simi Jar occurrence, recorded in the pld Testament. You know"all"ab6ut the storing of a very great amount of grain in Egypt, because of the sore famine that was coming upon the land and how the blessings of the Lord rested upon the worldou;will also but a few generations later, when the . Lord fed his people with "manna in the wilderness, the word was that none of the manna should be stored away, (to make their loads heavier as they travelled,) except a little for the Sabbath. And when this command men as broken, the "for the people. resultwas good xuauy uiuer eiauipiea tuiguu uo ujicu, out let 1 y l me,lveiherprin-which I had heard or religion .. ciple flboaiieemd-ga-plai- a aedthnnp;ht anything ' . r 1 1 J 11 t J t aiso so goou anu ueauuiui, Tinai 1 wonuereu whv I could not see the pood and beautv of JTolygamy," if really there were any in it- .saints, not oniy My parents were latter-ua- y in name but in deed and in truth, years before yourself, my birth. So that something Mr8.!Scott, "! wa3t.cQnceiVedIinTailh,Ll)igh of-o- Pres. ur -- 1 1 1 1 - R S., W L. IL I. A. AND PRIMARY c ; REPORTS. - " COHOES,. N. Y. k oct., 24, 1882. Editor Exponent: . ' v: lie r "A ,y earjhas. passed- - panized. How short thft timft hni rpptup for our meetings have been like milestonesTalong our war, guiding and encouraging us onward. They are a great comfort and blessing to us, and when we look back to the time before we had these meetings we wonder how we could have gotten alongjwithout . thenv The -- Presi dent 01 the bociety makes the meetings interesting as well as instructive, and the members attend quite regularly. .. . ' Tuesday, 17th inst,was the anniversary of our organization, vn mat aav we Mid a meetinc:, the exercises being: appropriate for that occasion. We felt doubly-ble- st and each fully enjoyed herself. J wvv.v.j ) IIV uu 1 V LXJi .Mr. 1 very large fn .I uauuut in we ireasury, Two 1 . ...it DUt y :- yours in the tfospel, .When attie F. Clouoh, Sec'y. Dear Mrs. Scott: Allow me to offer you a helping hand. I am much interested in your wading about, in ' the mud. I may as well say to begin with, that when a child, my first attempt to read, the Book of Mormon through met with a similar result to I came to the second chapter of Jacob, 1 became somewhat confused. I I did thought A not understand it.,7 rvr if T AA if uu, iuiu tug luab : --- the Lord condemned "Polygamy" and that it was an abomination in his sight. I did not go humbly before the Lord then, auu aajk. lur au explanation oi tne matter. Jout with the book open in my hand, I went to my father and asked him if "Polygamy" was right, and if the Lord did reveal the principles Smith, with the commandment that he and some of his brethren should enter into it ? To these questions my father replied calmly and solemnly in the affirmative, I demanded, "What does' this meanr And I read aloud those which seemed to me to make the Lordpassages appear anything but an unchangeable being,"? "tbe" same yesterday, y and forever," If He wuu uiumiy,Baia inose things to Jacob for tho and the exact opposite to Joseph for Nephites, the Latter-da- y Saints. My father heard me through, and then took the book and read, and endeavored to make clear , to my understand- mg, the fact that no inconsistencies existed between the teachings in that chapter, and the teachings of our Latter-da- y prophets. He ad- mitted that some men among our people were ioonsn, and would do wrong, and that they would bo held accountable for their wront? do ing. 'J he Lord would not jusfify ein and ' wickedness among his people cow, any more than m former day?. His and thir to'-Josep- h men' to-da- dghtm I was :. t-w- fifteen years old, V it,?- - V.nf TrrVtaf Ptljfa vud uc aumuo tu ouun uiwk imau omw r.,-.- f iuu k and theirj condition may not be applicable to ' others in ''their time. j Une thing more. 1 ou say. the vexmg of the wicked" is what makes you bitter and unhappy, for religiously the wicked includes all who differ from the Church." We do not view it in that light at all. We believe that people who are honest and virtuous, and who seek to : - I began to .. the inconsistency of my being a staunch advocate of "Mormonism" in the main, while one of its vital principles, I could not say that I understood or believed. One thing I ac- knowledged to myself, I had not striven diligently to find out for a certainty whether or not "Polygamy" wa3 right. Instead of studying into it, I had simply looked at it, concluded -- vil-instead-of " - itwas a let it alone. I wanted to know about it for Denent omers, win never do ciassea among the wicked and the ungodly, though they make no Detter proiessions oi religion.- - iney-receive rewardsJhan3hQusandsdf professedreligionistsr who parade their piety, but whose inner lives doubtful-nroblemandsinheroi- caliv myself now, and began to pray earnestly for : greater faith and light (This, I think, you , might do with profit, my dear Mrs. Scott) The Lord was merciful unto me, He heard my prayers, and the light came. Not suddenly, as it comes to some; but gradually and unmistakably. Not without many efforts on my part to grasp a ray when it was presented to me, to hold and nourish a gleam of truth when I got it." I learned to understand the principles of "Polygamy," very much as we learn to understand principles in mathematics or chemistry; and it seems, as clear to me now as that two and two make four, or that alkali and acid compounded in liquid form will effervesce. Iu - the - second - chapter of Jacob, before ,. alluded to, the word of the Lord to the neonlp. ' ofNephi was, "There shall not any man among you have save it be one wife; and concubines he shall have none." They were but a small people, their men and women being about equal in number. It was not the design of the Lord that their seed should multiply very rapidly, but that He mightraise upunto him- self a righteous branch," from the "fruit of tho loins of Joseph." In the same chapter-- it "For if I will, saith the Lord of Hosts, raise up seed unto me, I will command my people; otherwise ihey shall hearken unto these : things." In these the latter-daythe Lord wills to . seed . raise unto himself, and He has comup manded his people, through the medium of his Prophet Joseph Smith, and they have heark- ened, some of them, and obeyed the voice of the Lord by entering into plural marriage, or as it is styled, "Polygamy." "Whoredoms," and all licentiousness are a3 abominable in the sight of the Lord today as they ever were, and such things have nothing to do with the "Polygamy" of the Latter-da- v Sainij?. Tn tho fnw. ful membera ofthe Church..of Jesus Christ SaihtsTwhether ralitieal not nothingis beld so choice and sacred jstsor as personal virtue and chastity: and nothing is so dreadful as the loss of it; We consider that a man who marries $wo or more wive, and remains faithful to th?ci, 15 p.? -- PERSONAL EXPERIENCE, ETC When : : -- realize IS I remain, , ll done. dollars have been given willingly given. lur missionary purposes, nve aoiiars we shall send to the Ix)gan Temple, and have some remaining in the Treasury. where wo shall be with God's people. "forth inrepentanca and ilisJednaptism.,' But differing from you somewhat, I did not "believe because my parents and relatives didj'V but had to understand things for myself in or-- ; der to believe them' was -- bantized when six years of age because I wanted to be. My father thought best for me to wait two years,, un til - should be " eigh t y ea rs old . But our Bishop said I had as good an understanding of things as many children at the age of eight yearshe advised .my father to baptize me, and it was -is-- - s, 1 -- , . are vile and- - v corrupt. strife and contention, whoare dishonest, im- - rnnrn.1: nnd xvhn Kfpk tn nhnsA anrl fJisriomfnrt. mm T I if nA s a uu iii uuu vtrucist wai suui auuuiu is juii, nnniahed ? We would not allow one of our young children to 'heap impositions on another without interfering, and putting the bad one to shame, if after being Uld repeatedly how he ouerht to act, he still persisted in being bad. suffer- - some of Neither will our great-Fath- er . 1 1113 . immr rm U1111U1C11 . . I m tu iuju uuin:, auu - N xiub ..wiixi them to judgment for it "Why not prevent the wickedness?" you ask. Why not indeed ! which oi us would VnA tet tinirar rrf Ji IIU UUU kUU VllVil iiUlf ' Your ideas of happiness and religion remind me of an expression made by a stranger . . 1 . 1 - " since. 'She. said of us, "You are indeed, a hap- vm lcuuic, nuciuu uuuig iitLint ui uvui is that evidence an "Our answer was, happiness we are right. Did we not know that we are right before our God, we could not bo thus uy " happy." True religious sentiments and lives will make people happy and satisfied under very trying circumstances. But a religion which requires no which.oners no occasions ior the uprootinglof native selfishness and the cul- d De xou tivation 01 r.hean and too unlike the religion of Jesus to be valued very highly- What a long -- letter, and I would say more but that I fear, Mrs, Scott, you (or our mutual me, friend the editor) will lose patience-wit- h and I would not like to vex you. So goodbye. L. Greene Richards. . seii-denial- s, more-genero- us iruitSj-w'oui- . : Lady Hannah Shepherd Havelock recently residence in Kensington Palace died Gardens, London. In recognition of the ser' vices of her distinguishsd husband, the captor of Lucknow, Parliament settled upon her a to pension of l,QQO a year, and raised her barothe rank of ft baronet's widow, with the netcy renewed to tteir eon. at-h- er , j; - 