WO MlN? 8 .1 kJO.JJV ."-- power from on high," and therefore, if. ma'guilying their calling, the result will be sure; if thft Kirk . are not 4llJUvJl.ul.lu UMby . uwtiiur There is also a great deal in; the manner any one on entering a sick room; we willtake a Doctor, a good amiable man with a cheerful, animated manner,, a sympathetic, gentle spirit, a confident, prompt, hopeful assurance; such a man carries a healing poweOuTiia very yoice, and manner, and from the moment of his entrance the patient feels : invigorated cheered and regenerated, and the healing has begun ; ' often has this power, even, a friendly-visitor- 4 and when leaving the sick, sap, come again, you always do me good; who docs E Jiot l kno w, this yctual lexperienZZEha snc-- 4 to beeome::acoaintedrwrththats cessful Doctor owes more - to his manner than particular set of creeds would be saved in the ; to his drugs; his presence works deeper and celestial kingdom, while all the rest of God's more effectually than his medicine, very often; ; vast family would be rejected and bast away. and surely this will , apply in a much greater : But when I learned that Mormonism proved ? degree to our Elders. They ; are ordained to wideT. enough to oover both the living and the-de- ad, heal the sick," pv the "order of Christ 1 himself; ' my soul was comforted; and here I found even by the laying on of their hands, and by reasonable ground for faith that God was the the prayer of faith, and the promise is the. sick V. author of it. Wc build Temples which arc shall be healed; Jhere is no doubt about it, buty dedicatedltoithe Most High, atid therein we f' be nealed'As perform ordinances for the dead, because we are ordained to heal the sick; but I Would pre- - believe that oh earth and not .in heaven is . sume, as a mother in' Israel to' advise bur the proper place for baptism, ordination etc. to manners Elders cultivate the have, I young to and- been portraying, to first realize the honor ' taught the children of men while in the flesh, that has been conferred upon theni, the mighty now that they have put off their mortality and blessing of being a healer of the sick body of nd the vail," still continue their "behi passed the bruised heart, of-- the wounded spirit! If, ministry and will continue it untiL all who' with --ordination there is a manner cul tivated died without hearing Uhnst s true message oy tne ueart and tne anections, ana with a 4o man,:andhGo holy and a touching sympathy with the suffering: hear it and understand it; and it there will then be the ?actual touch of the great is tneir ngnc 10 accept or reject me message physician who gave-t- he keys not of science, and ratify or repudiate the ordinances and but of personality, opening the laboratory of covenants which we make for them on earths Heaven, by the touch and prayer of faith. : oo wolt. . TUub wo Kava tlio privilege lt lIng The Doctor operates by skill of character ers with Christ and his faithful Apostles in tho more often than by skill of knowledge; it is thel -- vre areiassured.thatz; z his mind active not of when we have performed "the work" for all part that wins him professional eminence, and where .whose names are .obtainable records, e " histories and other human we find a man with this .insight into the char millions source,-thacter of his patients, you find a Doctor sought dead will be re-- " of unknown and ' unrecorded ' for with a faith that were it exercised in the vealed to us. , God wonders. would church of Christ, acheive . T.T The (magnitude "of the undertaking would ' is his the for it ordinations, man, gives agent, be too appalling for poor humkn endeavor. to carry them oufwlth tact and talent, with a were not God at the : helm: 15ut we arc not ' knowledge of the human organism. Mentally, required to make any unreasonable haste, nor and and the "With -morally spirit physically, neglect, to provide for t tie wants 01 tne living with the understandine:," and may we, as a either in physical nourishment, intellectual people, cultivate ourselves, that wejnay receive cultivatior or spiritual teaching. And ours is a all the good that is around and about us, even progressive religion. We do not dare suppose Heaven itself if we were enlightened enough-- to that we ai in possession of all truth, nor even see and comprehend, appreciate Land apply; a sufficiency of it. We expect to progress. that, that lies waiting lb? us to tale up for our L throughout all time and all eternity; to be always own - especial benefit,' here and hereafter. learning, always improving, always achieving.. Ignorance is a black veil that hangs more Any truth which is not known to us today, we or less over all minds, but many are aware of hope to learn tomorrow; and we pray for grace it, and iy prayer and.faith are daily in school, ; and feel the need of it, to recognize truth when sable as to as far the possible attempting light ever we meet it, and to be always willing to : cloud. Ignorance is not bliss to the culti- - accept it. vated soul; intelligence is of God, and only and God him We consider alone; infallible; by it can we approximate nearer to Him; and therefore his revealed word, to hs cannot the more our spirits are ' enlarged on earth the " though we may .be in doubt some deeper dranghts shall we recicve of Heaven. 1 times about the knowledge . which we obtain : from human- - sources, and occasionally be ON MORMONISM. admit that something which we had considered to be a fact, was really .only "a " ' Our true name is Latter-daT: " Saints; buthe '7 " . theory. I world calls us "Mormons" and I for one find 1 t would that men. "As Golden Rule; The ye more convenient to adopt that name when I should do unto you,. do ye even so unto them" ' is our first and most important law; and were wish to oe understood by all. we freed fr6m human weakness and blindness iherefore, in these remarks I shall refer to so far as to apply this incomparable' law consist-- . ourselvesas "Mormons, and xur :reli2ion as; Mormonism .. It is very easy indeed to s ently, justly and exactly, we should really have in general terms what our religion is, but it no need of any other law, statute or command would take volumes-ye- s, ment; for even the Decalogue is but auxiliary age3 to delineate it, because it is so so to thisj a .sort of bill of particulars for our ; Mormonism is truth. 7 7 assistance 's little- cBIden sfcdylog thf y - -Wh- I ; 3 one-earnes- tly Ntehem: and acccpt faisofiered Js) acknowledge-hi- -- "sss vice willj. after atoning for their individual and : enter ; into Christ's kingdom at the right hand of the Father; while they .who reject him and his service aro li berty to do . so, and. his .atonement - will , at. i reach: them," for "all is free. grace1 and all is iree wiiij ana "Uoa will lorce no man to I sins, conquer death . ' T .... eve : . complete, will be offered before condemnation will be uttered; therefore none needC despair r " -- -- save those who are - willfully ignorant and re UElliuua, IUUJC and who ' 'call - . UliU gow.1 UUU 1UVC UJUhU U. evil and evil good," - -- 11L, x - - LU DlLTOX: -- THERE IS NO WASTE. , : TVaste Is a crime. ' I"eilmJ3- - ilic statement should be qualified. It ii a crime where it rc-- : suits from neglect, or where it is due to ignor-- . ance" that follows indifferent knowledge. jand the-speculati- , ". : , T : . -- 1 7 -- " be-doubt- . " Jit a - crime wherever., human. forethought and ingenuity have rendered it possible to prevent waste. In this great world of ours, the 3 perfection of whose creation, and whose laws seem the more complete the more they arc understood," how can it be; that there should be a rnatu ral waste? Will any person, who believes v in the existence of a deity, or who recognizes r and all must; do one or the other a supreme the. the that venture vast and assertion, power, incomprehensible wisdom concentrated in the creation and destiny of this world, could endure a. waste of any kind?. It is impossible. ' Is there .any waste in nature? The most tri fling leaf, the smallest of the animal kind, the most 'detestable wbrm, allr have a reason for their being, all fulfill the necessities which called them into existence. There is no waste among them; they know nonsuch a thing; only in human beings,; endowed with intelligence, and created in the image" of the Almighty, is such a condition as that of waste a possibility. Of the thousands of articles It may be old and useless for the purpose for which they were made-whi- ch arc thrown away year after year 1 i3 ; : " -- " there-is-scarcely-- -- one- . - -- x y all-embraci- all-pervadi- ' -- ng yy - jet -- - : ; ym : 7 We believe - it rSouMieeletfter--- iruth ;earncstlvraTidaithF fully but we do not believe that auv humau : soul, will .be rejected for being ignorant of . tru th wh ichit never met and ncver.had oppor- tuni ty to learn. .The . opportunity, '.. full and U plan-ofredemption- . . -- We-beli- : - '' : Oief-lafia- , ; " d Jirfl nhi'irmsTv in We believe that, Adam and Eve by breaking God's command, incurred the penalty previous? 2 ly, attached to that command, or rather the ,i breaking of it sorrow, pain and death. We believe lhat Christ, who rwa31readya redeemed being, and not subject to thase pen allies, obtained his Father's'., permission to become subject, to them and suffer them in his : own person for ' the reward, the happmes3 of opening the doors of the resurrection, and re-- ; deeming from death the chiidreu of Adam and Evo who inherited that legacyjrom their first. .; parents. We. believe that all those wiio, wi thi n the limit of grace, (and who can say: how vast that en-Iasveryyoutig cold-hearte- rudiments of salvation, and and Justice. - Ho rmonism.-- : . r ;If you have learned a truth wyeh my :mind-cann- ot yet grasp, in that instance you are a better Mormon than I. ?, If you cultivate any grace, yirtue'or excellence in a greater. degree than I, there again you excel me a3 a Mormon, for Mormonism . includes ali that is - lovely, puxc miu cnnoDung, uecause tney. are. lovely, pure ana ennobling. 'I pondered much oh the 'selfishnef7of an v little sect which was so small a drop of the great "oceanjof humanity which never heard of them or their creeds, having the temerity to believe that just those, few whose circumstances per- 15 ; 1 - T - j c--f 7 31 No matter how how vC minute, how o universal .or7how4imte&V&Y kjr - , hat - i EXPO NENT. i which is not of. some ...'value, and Wrhicii could -notbe utilizedin some industry.- - Ttis true : thatinla clnTmuhitylike olirFwhef c Wahufac tures are few, 'it is . impossible to utilize many; of these things;' but still, there Jis a waste, a needless waste, and care on the part of many,' and a little energy on the part of a few would soon result in new industries, and new manufactures :imaking thezpeople "wealthier.for the for the energy. care, and more i Let us give an illustration. ,: , Many years ago when ga3 was discovered in ; its and utility as an illuminating England, ; -- self-sustainin- g : , " . 