POmV. 1 ; ; Stake-present.- ; Presendia I. Kimball and.Helen Mar Whitney from Salt Lake City. After the exercises of ; singing and prayers-Mrs- . L..W. Kimball Cor. Sec. Belief Society Utah Stake read the. minutes of the previous, conference, which were Reports were given from the First, ' accepted. Second. Third. Fourth and Fifth Wards Provo n -- SpringvilleSpanish -- 1 ' . . V; -- . Eliza said. I feel verv small, with such an appellation, but pleased, however, to listen to the various reDorts. and miknn li&ieumg oisnops repre cm-ucu- - wjiKu p-xn- - to-d- ay . Salem- - - Fork-" iIn90JJtjipon iv into giiMiiu r, "o " i wm. ii tho improvement made by the sisters. mark -- Prest. Young said on one ocassion that if the rr - -- -- .... a -- , t - -- to-co- me . - to-da- y, . ' , . . . .. . . city. n. v- :: .. 'ear: Sister -- M.Pleasant-GroTA and Uhizererpresented lactory manner, showing united effort and faith m od- - - A !Pc and Cedar not heard from. Sister ;M.T. Smoot said, I dn say it is good to be here, although not feeling at all well, but am stiH the - in gospel and feel have been edified in listening to the happy, and Yeel dhat itjs by the power of God reports that theaters" were overcoming their timidity, and can rnve their reports in iTclear and intelligent manner without fear, we are truly on the increase in good works. We will not'deny our: religion ' e ie Annual meeting of the Primarv Associatiftna South Cottonwood. called to -. . 'J.- -i C(!j Meeting TM J T oryer ay our president oisier xaizaDem uavis. Singing. Opening by Brother Christian prayer . o! ; . pup j owjuesou. oiuging uy uie cuuuren There were present as visitors. Sister E. B. Ferguson, Bishop Joseph Rawlins and many UiUtUV CUO ai -CUM, LXiO iiiUCLili VUll- 01 recitations and soncs: and a brief sketch of her life while Ferguson gave TTi' l iLL . Th IT, a A tdCQ i e held ! thcir 2ferenee on June was conducted by Prest. criC. ,meetin Jane S.. Richards. Commenced TritKs timi exercises of singing and prayer. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and adopt-- 5 .ed. bMtcrRichards made a, few excellent rc- marks, explaining the object of, the gathering' expressing great , pleasure, at- having the , privilege of again meeting with her brothers I " andjisters in conference.-.- . Z'Xr We also had the pleasure of Sisters KR. I Snow Smith and Zina D. : Young's company at this time. . Both expressed, great pleasure at i . -and - s " of- - 1 ' : . ; ' ' ' KJi. ' iV- ....-- . . away irom utan. utners gayq good instructions to the children. In the afternoon there was a picnic and party Elizabeth Dav.resrdent. Emily Brinton,- - Secretary - .- I- FAITH, MEDICINE AND THE DOCTOR o: - May 23, 1882. , : . ' fault-fmdin- 1 1 ; : m ---r. ' ' sisters would meet once a week they would -overcome their timidity,- - the oftener they met -together, the more of the spirit of God they would enjoy. gaid, we are not the should bo. ,We are now persecuted by thenatibh instead of, m formerly, by r coumv or stare. rr.There are a fewwho dare stand up for our -rthe counsels of his servants, of speaking one another let us repent. If there is evil of ights. "I am not afraid, these wicked men are tools in the hands of the Lord to any thing I would wish to runaway from, it is' us, how try much farther He will jl a tonsruc. Thanked God she know not; but Jet us be determined to hold on' had kept the faith. She said, how pleasant it is to look upon the faces of those who love the: to the faith with renewed energy, and acknowthe hand of God in the'Edmunds bill." Lordv The speaker said, any people or nation ledge We want that faith in God that we would that lives on this continent, and will not keep the commandments of God will be sweDt off. rather meet death than to swerveX There must ...boa time, according - to Scriptu rev- - when, the -- It is now, with us, the -- kingdom of God or sinner in Zion will tremble. Let us draw near uuiumg. oister onow said, we are preparing to our heavenly Father. When the Kingdom to found-Hospital for the saints, with tho t God bears rule then the Saints will be free. approbation of Prest. .Taylor. It is a need 3Vhen the Saints go back to Jackson County : long wanted, any sister in; good standing can we have the promise that "the. Lord will become a member, be by paying $1,00 annually . fore you, my presence will go with you" go Quite a number subscribed and became memand I bers. Sister Snow said' she wish pfl f Arrsn hope to be with you. too, Bro, Joseph said we wnat bister bmoot said, .m regard to Sister .when got to the Rocky Mountains there would be a great apostacy, and from there the" Emily. The circumstance of her stepping for- ' - ward to help establish -- that people would go south and from there to principle, and Jackson gounty; and this generation1 should honoring her position as a plural wife. Some not pass away until those thin gs should come . think it a trying position I say it is one of toDass. the most elevating arid ennobling j. that I know o I always felt at principles These societies are of greatXmportance, they home at BroJ are for the perfecting of the mothers in Israel. Smoots as at my own father's house, and ean Let us wake up that feel the sweet intruly, say that wheit! their, son Albert was . wejnay fluence of the spirit of God in our hearts condrowned it was hard to tell who sorrowed most Our Father suffers trials tinually. ' illltVC nil that we may be proven, e are working to Sister . Whitney and Bp. Watson made a gain a home in his presence. I feel . to le w remarks. : Conference, adjourned tor three and ask him to bless each one of us. blessyou months. ' : . L. W. Kimball. There is , a good spirit here and thanks be td God . , Corresponding Secy. : for it. :4; Singing. "Adjourned until 2 p.m. Benedic-'tior:-:'-j ooden . : . e. I ' They blessed this stake of Zion,. hoping it would Drpsperndmake, progress in:ilLtmngs . pertaining to the. kingdom of God. BisTiop Robert ,McQuarie ..next imadea feu-- . onei ;and excellent remarks.. The meeting then adiourned with- - sintnn and benediction until two p. m. ; "When it was continued there was a large assemblage -- present; all seemed to enjoy tie ., ' good spirit that prevailed.- - ' The conference was adjourned with siDging na prayeiTrior tu ree inontn?. ' 3-- r Respectfully "v';--:.-v-r777 Monta Harris. -- rayson, oaniaquin ana ijosnen. Prest. M T. Smoot isaid, .1: am happy to have Sister Eliza, President of alUhe Relief Societies wherever thekjngdom of God extends, : with us arain. w " ; . various sub juiiu' uk great interest torus tis peoplevim jects us goou anu wise counsel, iney also related some very interesting reminiscences regarding the experiences of the Saints in early days. to speak in honorable remembrance of Sister Emily Smoot, who since our last meetiug had f been called away by death. She had entered 2 into plural marrjagej with , herself, and her memory was verv dear to her. ; She had acted ' wisely m that relation and gained her eternal t; friendship. The speaker said if our enemies could lookl in upon us I think "' would" be"ashamed 6f IhemseiYes. Thatthey we be saved with is fullness of glory the a may 7 of humble vour servant. : ; prayer ; Sister resendia L. Kimball was the next t speaker. Her heart was filled with gratitude to God that she lived in this momentous age. Our T)ersentions nrft a vnrnhf ihnt. w. art. -- saints to do his will and over come evil witn good.- inanfced ttie iord that she had embraced the Gospel and for the : experience she had, it was of more worth than riches for this was all she could take with her. Rejoicedjn the various organizations forjthei VBalvati6"ndf thy"y6"uth""bf Zion . : Plead with the mothers to watch: oyer, their daughters and jr : teach them pure prmcipies. Asked the bless-- : :us, thatjve might of er i: sancunea-ia'Diseavfuwiwi-in- e wjjuc, iiuu kingdom. Sister Z. D. II. Young said, when I look up-- ; : on the faces of my sisters I cannot express my . Do wo feelings. plead guilty, or not guilty of trading with and sustaining our enemies? Let us refrain from , these things, and if we feel the chastening hand of the Almighty for our re- missness in keeping his commands, Jet iis bear : ' Minutes of the 'fifteenth Quarterly: po'nfer-- ; ence of the Relief Society held in Provo meet-- ; ralsa-froi- m., ot - ing house, Juno 2d; 1882. Mrs. M. T. Smoot presiding.7 Counselor Mary John, and many of the leading sisters of Utah Prest. E. R. S.Smith, Coun. Zina D. H. Young , meeilitafiSS uuiuiu 1eingpermittedi tol, 1. 1 BY HANNAH T. KING. Doctors havo become a fashionable appendage to every community; it is now only vulgar, poor neople. who do not have ' the Jamily Physician." But here let., me i savat starting, I do not intend to speak, or feel disrespectfully towards the Faculty, for have been associated with some bright specimens of Esculapius th&t in my estimation redeem the, rest. It 13 the absurd, and ridiculous notions of people that I so utterly despise. A healer of the sick is a blessed, visitor, whether as , a man or a woman jther as a friend pr nurse; blessed are the 1 attendants on sufiering humanity. Faith is necessary in all who apply for relief, it wa3 1 Oalius maxim that "hope and confidence out value the drug." In a very severe sickness, many years ago, ray Doctor said "now, you must have faith in me or I can not do you any ' good." I was much struck by the remark eren a L. D. S. 1 then, and since I have become " have 6flen jwndered on his words, and the time in which they were1 uttered. That man, surely understood much of the principle of faith; and, as a physician, I had all faith in his skill, and his administration, yet never forgetting that "Except the Lord build the house their labor is but lost that build it" and Ihavex often thought that, had many of our people the faith in the administration of our Elders . i ? . . . . ashejhadjajidhaveHrtheDoctors would theyz at once experience the gift of healing, in a marvelousegree. "By faith,' . the worlds were made," sosay-th- e holy Scrip-tures; and many in our Church have eeen ths effects of Faitn, in healing the sick, and in ' many instances, indeed no true V. T. S. but has seen and experienced this blessed gift, this wonderful power! The gift of healing f eerns to belong especially to some individuals, probably is an especial gift to them, and they seem to have an indinclivt knowledge that under their administration thepatient will be healed This is a mystery, but none the less true; all God-give- . n , " - 