WIJATB IK A NAME? the agony cf ourj.al we cry 'Uke me! take ise!" but the with a gbstly m &ir from 5en, Minted with w. ;UJ Wfd Uy Tha niiaa tint yoa hava given, Your nevr.tom L&Uj It cnjc with memMeB laden'i ' ' 8Urriflg deep foanU of thanght, With rriaglc liht revealing;,. ; i ' 7h9 tLftDes tlms hath wrougbt.Vt arrant cuie--cniell- y erica wait burning ;hsart we turn to, tec who next Hi! it is ths etordy oak. The huBband,. who ta.v to tenderly to-d&j- . , vrltnezs Hie mcHAl Rtiimkh end a.offfTnv nf rmr fellow men. Hatc these wonen doae aught : &zsssi the rahetitv of tfeelr nc to a nch!i?r tiUb. Trrrm Cinrf TiTfiv '".j r-,- Y17Vs WAnll -- nH, n word BgjDglJEIoTpn Kightlngale.-th- e noble beautiful heroine of the Crimea How she tolled in the hosnitas in that ftreim land, and phv s hope and life to theosancs of men7 Bhojwai the troops one of the soldiers fairly idolized-b- said," ,rBhe would speak to one and to another, .nJ . . Wf-ul- i hzttte callt fsr no greater courage than to meet jUa.te among the dead sad dying, and to -- L j U '.'..open guided our footsteps' through',-- life'f "rDgged v path, turns pale, the proud tepfalters; the will give way; reason totters on fcw!" iron 2:4hrouethe isfateirmmd 1 A iwmo i patei front chants elnr 7 Z3L justice to alljsigliakenj ricaUfetawectett itjroe . "away day by day, a few convulsive throes and, Of dear old songs to tender, , ; ; . and we are left alone. Oh, the nights of darkSang 6ft In dajaLaijg Syne, less . that come over our waking' dreams.-Ano- n ."When Jifo was.froo and gladsome,---'-?;- ?we sleep, . the soothing handmaid of ""; With only ipril tears, bend3 nature over us; by her mesmeric touch . L ' When hope's bright 'ralnliour colors, the strained nerves" are soothed. ; - 8hono over future years The scene changes. "A beautiful river on "fioMfchanned name ja$t spoken, appears, floatmg its surface a frail bark Its lonely occupant, .Turns back time's tidal waves, a man a noble, Godlike ".--YTfl . Rich treasure-trove- s man. w nat strange sensations come over us. are opened From out Its hidden graves. Who is the noble being? See! that monstrous Dko rock of focblo olden. wave will dash the frail bark, to pieces.. Ha! Concealing boundless store, it is lost. No! the wave has nassed. it is safft? Enchanted but to .onward it flies, scarcelyseeming to touch the TTT .1 1 .1 t WjrjrtoreVl-- -ioammg waves, we gaze Dreatniessiy on tne Without it vain the effort, sight; the haven is reached; with a light step An eutranco to secure, he leaps on the shore. .. Name it I. lo t quickly swingcth, A noble mansion .13 seen in the distance; Outward the pond'rous door. soft strains of "Beautiful gates ajar" are heard Thanks to tha power potent, from angel voices; : two lovely forms emerge 'That doth this charm impart, r from those gates; the light of exaltation beams Ne'er may it be withholden, from their eyes. "With quickened step the From one poor human heart. stranger hastensjto meet them; how ; joyous L. M. Hjewlixqs. fico story of Forty Thieves.: they" meet, with" what rapture they embrace each other. List! they speak. Father, daughters. J Oh my soul! f I recognize them; my DEATH. children! happy trio! : Rest, poor husband, my . 11,.. uuC4D Dtaifi.a iiiruugul it me lana anai beating heart! It is sorrow to thee, but joy to jjlvfastens its cold grip on our friends,-w- o start at them; a death here, a birth there. ' ' every sound, and see m" every shadow a mes- " As the last strains of music die, a still, small o v,v vuw ho aw vuuskaliuy J voice' whispers, bo comforted broken one; be meeting death in its ever varying forms.' faithful, watch and wait ! A fewal short years ' When, Spring approaches, vecretation starts IifeT and - you , with them,' will inherit-eternearth on her beautiful tohfe; TTia hUfPT Tinner ia nnsf: puts Witlip.arfHl-v'- eraiments nf green, 'broidered bytho.inatdiless needl9:of ' " "yirbeating, hopeful heart we whisper, Father, ; be th LraTtr or noUrr ? It hard to tD; for la inett the'cstcnCTi'n mtuth in end whiclj . rt IT ... .! . 1. .1 -- ,- , open,--Ia-wor-da-o- cnp the pillow again contented." She always was cheerful and kind, and brought a pure and rtcred Influence with :. her. Another, sokller was known to: say, 'Be- - sne sa.mjB inerewafursia fmdwesrfnrana it was as rww jterthat .eral ever did a nobler deed than she. ' The most one can do, Is the sacrlrlca of a life, and the nobler and better the life, the greaiemust be. me saennce. wnat wonder that she received homage from the "noble of the land.'V Twere little reward for the Sultan of Turkey, or the Queen c.f .England to prwent her with "Jewel?, or for the Engliau nation to rate her a fortune to enable her to msUuct others In the dlnnie art Oj lore f ' - fell, and lay pur heads ..: e " 7 ft. - alleviating pain. She returned to England, which a short time before she had left In perfect health an invalid for life; but she was never known to regret th si she , bad m ade the sacrifice "of her uwu Mtaiwi, lur cue ieifc iuo rewara or renewing the health of hundreds of others. t' "pArhana hpr ti m nrr tacw1a xiora rn lnnAn. tive to the wjraen cfAte overcome" the opposition of old Burjreons and obstinate Tseargenta " In the"Crimea, ahe also smohed the path of American , ; i ' . " - -- -- thy .... become pyramids of flowers, the gay, winged i uuu, .uicir. merry lavs, au nature ; .ww .I09ks lovely and man is content. A. few shbrtK ; moiiths and tho chilling blast "of t Autumn's frost passer over nature; the leaver fall one. by ! -- will-be ' WOMAN . r doncMrEmABETnmLE. , ' - STATUS. '. 1 - ( . the1 world of renown nuu' predominate?, but he does'ripfc excel Tiiero'aro more great In i ' ; "men. than rwombwtno"grcateK-- ' None j ; V9mand place In literature U'grsn1 ' dispute her ;right. In the profeasionVof the age jI sho fa rapidly medicine. law. scknCf, progrtssln, and ero long will count her numbar " equally "wHhrman.; Ifo owing taore tb.the'grcat -the' babe; the human bud 'Qfnture; ia sweetly sleeptng' on its: mothers-breast;- ' restraint thai has been put oh' htr, that sho has wheii the form of : the grim monster kepffroin ba&nolng her - mind ia the great slowly tor so asses;by; one breath fromrits cold lip:and" tho e!ghrtherwcrM Vof fame-wK- h jnan little spirit leaves' the frail tenemnt bf relay. -m any years;' bu t .no if as" tho chain s gradually I' The sound of itst innocent prattle andbf 'the ; loosen." she gains he? plaW step by step, and t e- J patter in c ofv the tinv foot fforo the dawning of; another century her place ' ? miss the soft touch of the dimpled arms, the1 . -will be univerFally recognized. r ever man one stood whore is loving look from the .pretty blue eyck TheThere hs place oreast mat , naa pillowed its flaxen curls is4 who women. few have sought are the foremost,and v filled with ancrtiish unspeakable. renown in that wayi war; Bat even here man . - . . TM v inere;is anotner, not a bud, for the xlew of - Is not entirely atoned HundrodJ of thousands of ; wcavcu muj watrarea n ana tne- - Dngnc rays oi men have endangered their lives in the cause of the sun it into life and the their country, but aa many women have felt the fl.tifloa'nTiPrft-n'nnrna ia flllol mifVi t,n game throbs of patriotism and have endured unnrr. i " .i wiui ,i ionat t . ui. iu Ayvuiiiiuce. y u waicn e cause, And who jnougn told hardship! for aching hearts, hoping, yet fearing VtVeantici - can bj which Is the harder, M risk one'a own a' usefulness pate and bright ; futurejdays jof li6 in battleior' an honorabia Cause, or to suffer honor; the blessinp of motherhood and oldthose we love far dearer than our- age for, our beautiful flower. A shadow looms : selves to be in danger. Anytrue woman would .... m tne distance; the chUimgjbreeze of death is rather sutler than see others In agony, and there- - T IW 1uj " rose; oioommg iuuiyuTour fore her endurance for country 'a sake is noble in-- 1 peach'bloom deed. There are Boric e women ho rLsk no t only the lovb light ; ni tlieir o wn llves but break jhej chains of gSfeyesfar sad tender lbok,;a gentle" sigh and show" themselves foremost in the. , rauks'of armed men,' like lbs maid of S&ragwf a, iAErain'deatli is seen approaching tEe llbbdT curdles in our: veins.- - with ouMrefr.TiAd afma or in the' hospitals like the heroine of Scutari. " iiad Quivering frame'we Eextr?" ?In! There are hundreds as intrepid as either of these one, thp trunk' with its branches only. Temain-- ; pf ;sweet 'scented beauiies which! bedecked bur wardens are far? tA the bright h . sombre one of Aezih j mdS ne-myf- , art'-&5.- ,' : Ain' ''. - - - - ' ? ' . hayo-warme- . 'nn-m.i-r.- f fil: '' - the-Bam- , - , ; i "hdearrtoroo disap-;J,remKe'che- eK; fi-ont- rlgid-custo- - . i deeds of eacrlflce and bravery abounded to a I greater extent inan was ever known Defore. American mothers sent forth their sons to face the cannoES of war or to languish In horrible prfsbns. Was there no sacri flee there? Think of the bleeding of a mother's heart as she part?, ' perhaps forever, with her son who was pride 1 and glory. r Think of the wives and daughters who parted from husband,'atber, son and uruiutjr, wim iuo muugutiuw may do uur jasi good bye. These wives, mothers, and sisters sat not Idlv at home, bemoanincr their fate hut An. couraged their loved ones In fighting for their country, prayed for them and worked for them. . hr the women sewed and knit, and made -- dell- - mrnftif tr brn ihn frAtcirrv ftfK Hanlfurv- Commission full. Some worked thus, but many went right to the light, and labored with the .. wounded and T the sick. Volumes might be written about the noble women of the Rebellion, but the subject is almoet too vast, for pen to try mm v Mam' io poriray. .m inenearis oi me foiaiers ineao - women have a record and a monument, if in no other place. The women of the north and of tne scutn, ootn laooreu naru in toe nospitais ana some on. the battlefield. It would scarcely be just io maae mention oi one, mere wera po nwny equally great-- No thought of rommco or glory insnlred these wemen but n nure love for coun : .'rl H try, liberty and humanity. ' As men enlisted as soldier, wouifn enliatcd as to one, was th e nurses, And sueduoIn tiuth Jt Iglorywere to bel divided would it not fall moro to tho ones who saved jives than to the ones who risked them ?' am . eue-cegsf- ul not - :asphi) ? x V; .;;; ." ANNIE. 