',172 ' J . " . WOMAN'S EXP ONE S"NT. " ' of the country in which they reside, and there are no people under the sun more loyal to the Constitution of their country, none who adore with greater reverence the stars and stripes, than Saints. And tney have no need the Latter-da- y to fear God Is at tho helm, and there are still many honorable and wjse men in the land, who desire to see the laws of the country righteously administered, and whowill not sanction oppression and injustice to the weak and defenceless. Thb people, as well as this great nation, are in the hands of Him who notes even the fall of the THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. EMMELINE B. WELLS, Editor. PabJIfihed In Bait Lake City, Utah Terms: One copy one year, $2. 00; one copy six months $1.00 Ten copies for the price of nine. "Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, $2.50: per month, $3. 00. A liberal discount to semi-monthl- y, rejrolar advertisers. Exponent Office, Lower West Room of the Council House, South Temple Street. Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. every day except Sunday. Address all business communications to Publisher Womajt's Exroinnrr, Salt Lake City Utah. ; . APRIL 15, 1882. THE RIGHT TO ASSEMBLE. It is a fact very generally conceded that-- , the Latter-daSaints are a peculiar people. The events which, have transpired from time to time in the history of the Church from its very commencement, have also been of a peculiar character. There is little need to recapitulate the try. Ing scenes through which this people have been called to pass. Oar readers and this, great government aro familiar with a generality of the facto, and know how manfully the Saints have struggled against accumulated difficulties of the most aggravating kind. Congress has seen fit to heed the popular clamor, and has passed prescriptive Jaws against this peculiar people, who had thought themselves far enough away from the great centres of civilization to live their peculiar religion, and abide in peace and Vafoly "under their own vine and fig tree," having periled their lives to find aa asylum in the wilderness, and wrested the land from barrenness and mad it fruitful and desirable for the babita-CJon- s vCmtmf nud WVHhwfj lha pur. euit of happiness," which they considered their inalienable right as American citizens, The present peculiar position of this people teems to demand the most capful and earnest thought of every individual, and the best and moVt intelligent expression of the same in the most impressive manner, to the whole body of the people. Therepresent Const! . tution of the United States guarantees to all, the right peaceably to assemble and petition tho government for redrew of grievances; it also gives to the people of all Territories the right to fiamea Constitution and apply for admission into the Union of States. The very best method Of getting an t expression of the sentiments a whole people is by means of a Convention.of eoPle in th overal counties elect their own deregatevthoswlKia .they desire to have represent them,nnd those whom They consfder capable of doing so, with due reference to judgment and ability. The enemies of this people have spoken long and loud, by means of the and the press. pulpit Congress has hearkened and heard, and in to their prising and torrent of entreaty, has decided overwhelming to enforce such legislation as seems to a free-bor- n citizen unjuat and view oppressive. of Iq this, and of positive knowledge of the numerical Btrength of Utah to jidmlt cf its becoming a State, is it anything strange or wonderful that the people should look upon It as their right to meet Wiventfon and frame a Constitution, with a view y - i an-sw- er : . 5SVf maUCr due very stormy and disagreeable. People from all parts of the country came In to attend Confer-encand the streets presented an unusually busy appearance, even for Conference time. The instruction given by those who spoke to the people during the entire four days, was calculated to encourage the Saints to persevere in well doing, and if possible endeavor to reach a higher standard of excellence in the practice of the principles of the holy religion which they had embraced. Trie people were counseled to fear God a'ad keep his commandments, to remain true and faithful to their Integrity, arid manifest a spirit of peace and good will towards all man-kine, sparrow. . SALT : LAKE CITY. lar meetings twice a day, at 10 a. m, and 2 m and closed on Sunday afternoon, April 9. p. The attendance was very large, notwithstanding the weather during a greater part of the time, was CONSTITUTIONAL CONVENTION. According to appointment and pursuant to a Joint resolution of the last Legislative Assenibly of Utah Territory, a Constitutional Convention convened in the City Hall in this city on Monday, April 10, at 12 m. . A temporary organiza- d, j There were present on the stand Presidents John Taylor, and Joseph F. Smltf, Apostles Wilford Woodruff, Lorenzo Snow, Erastus Snow Franklin D. Richards, Brigham Young, Moees tion was formed, Daniel H. Wells, Chairman, and Arthur Staynei, Secretary. Such business as pertained to a temporary organization was done, and a permanent organization effected. President of the Convention, Joseph F. Smith; Vice Presidents, L. E. Harrington and Edward Dalton; Secretary, Arthur Stayner; Assistant Secretaries, Junius F. Wells, Elmina S.Taylor and Lyman Martineau; Chaplain, W. W. Clufl; Sergeant at Arms, B. Y. Hampton; Messenger, Milando Pratt. The Convention consists of seventy-tw- o delegates, sixty-nin- e gentlemen and three ladies. Salt Lake Cownty elected as delegates twelve gentlemen and three ladles Mes James E. B. Wells, S. M. Kimball and E. Howard; also as alternate, Mrs. E S. Taylor. On the second day it wan decided that there should bo thirteen committees, to whom the work should be assigned of reporting the several articles which should be considered the ground yrvrkttf tho proposed Constitution. The Articles are arranged in the foilowing manner: On Ordinance and Bill of Rights; On Legislative Department; On Executive Department Judiciary; On Municipal and other Corporations; On Finance and State D bt; On On Militia; On Tflxaticn; On Impeachment and Removal fiom Office; On Public Institutions; On Boundaries; Miscellaneous Provisions and AmndnienU-- On Schedule and Eleotion Ordinance. It was decided by vole that the Chair should appoint the several Committees. Third day the names of the Committees were submitted and voted upon, and a Committee, consisting of the Chairmen of the several Committees, was constituted a Committee on revision and consolidation, to which all reports should be referred for compilation. Itwasalo decidedly vote that Feveral legal gentlemen, members of the Cdttventioubould be added to this Committee, that there legal talent at hand to aid in the work. On the fourth day some of tho Committees made a full report, and th m were referred to the Revision Committee, and others reported progress. The fifth day all the remainder of tho reports were handed in and referred lo the Committee on Revision, and tho Convention until Wednesday, April 19, at two adjourned o'clock p. m. when it is expected the Compilation Committee will make a final report to tho Convention. Ipd-ucatio- Thatcher, F. M. Lyman, John Henry Smith and Coun. D. H. Wells, Presiding Bishop Edward Hunter, Patriarch John Smith, and some of the Seven Presidents of Seventies, among them Jacob Gates, of St. George. The Presidency of this Stake of Zlon were in their accus- tomed places. The meeting on Sunday was perhaps as numerously attended as any Conference of the Church has ever been, the house being densely packed, and many hundreds having to go away who could not find seats nor comfortable standing room. The music and singing on each day were excellent, the solos by Miss Laura Nebe-ke- r and Miss Agnes Olsen exceedingly well rendered. Prest. Taylor occupied the time In the afternoon, Sunday, and during the service the people followed Prest. Taylor in three ringing Hosannas and Glory to God and the Lamb for . ever Amen. It was a time long to be remembered by all present. Sunday evening a meeting of the Y. M. M.I. A. was held in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall; the Y. L. M. I. A. was also represented. Prest. W. Woodruff presided. Several of the Stake Superintendent from the different counties reported the condition of tho Young Men's Associations in their respective localities. Sister Nancy A. Clark represented the Y. L. M. I. A. of Davis Stake, 8ister Cluff the Y. L. M. I. A. of Utah Stake, Miss Mattie Home, of tho Central organization, represented the Y. L. M. I. A. of Salt lake Stake. Elmlna S. Taylor, President of the Central Board of Y. L. M. I. A., made a few interesting remarks upon the benefit of these organizations. Prest. Joseph F. Smith spoke a short time, alluding to the subject of buyingjrom our friends, and so forth. Elder Junius F. Wells urged the necessity of a uniform system of roll booker for the use of the and-ever- n; ; mi&TlthWt tssodations. The meelffirw.a.verybusiness like and one. Reports showlfiatthe-Associationare m hu eiijiem conuiuon or progress. people . EDITORIAL NOTES. .A lovely bouquet of early Spring violetf, the of Mrs. Sarah; Sears, (whom we m03t singift cerely thank,) are upon our table, the fragrance of which Alls the room. effort has been made, and it will stand forever to their credit. It is the privilege of aU xcrcle their righisln harmony with people to Mws fair violets ! APRIL CONFERENCE. Tho Annual Conference of the Church cf Christ of Latter-da- y Saints commenced on Ihursday, April sixth, at 10 o'clock a. m., in tbo Tabernacle in this city, President John Tay-lo- r presiding. The Conference continued regu. tatis-tactor- y s coideraSoh are presented before them? And even though, admission wcro denied, the - . Jtiv . . whoso early bloom Gladdens the weary heart ; Their beauty and their perfumo . Pleasure and joy impart. They blossom lowly at our fect, In modest grace and fragrance sweet. "Utah and Its People." This little phlet hs been recently published In pam- Nw Ycrk 