theabswl ideashV of ; spoko tshejmd and his What!- - -'imu3t work? So must every else: except some who. shirk their real por tions in life, and who will be pretty sure to fal short of their expectations in the day cf rewarder We must eat. We must be clothed. Washing and ironing must be dono for us .all; and we must work and should enjoy it, generally. And - when-w- e have duths which do hot" . accord with framo our of mind at the exactly time, we must perform them with as good grace 3 possible, and -tryjo be satisfied. v Wewho are constantly striving to prepare for. 7 the great future as well as to provide for the present, who strive to Jive not only for our own good, but for the good of our fellowbehigs, and the glory Of our Creator, have double or triple work to do. And in all, we must not forgot nor ignorance of itix& tfC-iDr. Ellis E. Shlnp 8 poke upon faith and washing and anointing of the sick; appreciated the remarks of Dr.. Pratt, as she had keen placed - , ; ia similar circumstances nerseii. Mrs. S. Mr Kimball v made a few suggestive remarks and expressed her pleasusejn having to day physicians among our own people. Mrs. Phebe Woodruff, in addressing the con- ' taught partief. negjeetihe praetfcarpartrT At this season of the year, y,e must me ameers oivne : 7 . vo remem- ter--pr- ie, - Mpq "Ri W. Tvler writei from Beaver , Sunday: afternoon July." 3, . 1S32, -- Leslie Alma T)nnfordf ageQyear monthgf and2jaj8; Deceased was the son of Irs. Woods by a former marriage, and was born in tbis city April 30, 1872. lie was the grandson of Bishop Newel It. wnitney aeceasea) anu oi jxrs. jcj x. vv eiiH. bright, active and interesting boy, "manly in his bearing and most tender and afTeo tionate in his disposition. He was spiritual in his nature, loved to hear of heaven and the 8a vior, and was fondly attached to his 'relatives, to whom he was ever obedient, respectful and obliging, ready to render any little service in his power. His death was the result of an accident with a toy pistol, with which he was slightly wounded in the hand on the 4th of July last. The most careful attention was given to the wound, which appeared to be doing well, and he showed, no symptoms of the terrible aflliction until ahout twelve days after the accident, when be wasattacked with lockjaw and paralysis. The little fellow suffered inexpressible agony day and night for a week. He was brave, patient and uncomplaining, never murmuring even in the most extreme pain. His mother was constantly at his bedside, watchful and hopeful until a short lime before his death. The shock was a severe one to her and to his little sisters, and to all his relatives, for he was tenderly beloved. But he has gone where there is no more pain, nor sorrow, nor suffering fcrevermore; ill where the flowers he so loved and appreciated? ' and bloom eternally in the gardens of paradise, music, in which he found the greatest delight, will fill his soul with melody and joy unspeaka. ble. We know that he has passed from death -- unto life and wo should not call him backs yet. our poor human hearts will bleed for a time at his absence, for as the poet says: r "That loss is common would not mVo : He was WORK. Last Monday morning, while I was making -my toilet, I was thinking over a very beautiful beceremony which I had witnessed "the day fore. It was all fresh in my memory then, and I wanted so much to sit down and write it all out. But tho duties cf the day were before me, the domestic duties cf a wife and mother on " lookMonday, and I had to content myself with ing wistfully towards my. pen, and then turn my thoughts upon other topics. -' L It occurred to my mind, that itto thousands cf wives and mothers who have rare and beautiful thoughts which they would Jove to embody and put on paper, but to whom the opportuni-tie- s of o doing never come, should once do, what I then thought of doing all shut themselves up away from tho household, away from their outer cares and preplexlties, and commence would writing what a shock business generally sustain. I laid this thought aside also, and went quietly about, my- work; remembering that I was no longer n girl at home, with a loving, indulgent mother and generous older to look after and do the work if I neglect it. However willing and efficient the person or persons may be who aro paid for their services about the house, the care and responsimnues or - sis-te- rs . "There Is no flock, however watched and tended, Bat one deadJambj8thereL There if no fireside, howsoe'er defended, -'But has one vacant chair."" ft 'L .iftootir nnrfrns hmnpr kent in order, must rest faithupon the Wife and mother, if she will be ful to hor calling in all things. And sometimes" . they will rest heavily and feel burdensome, no. .matter how hard she may try to believe that labors of lovo are always sweet and light. But let no yonug woman imagine the state of taking upon continued maidenhood preferable-therself the Important mission of a true help- mate to man, which tho great Father designed her to fill. Bo it far from me to encourego any . My own less bitter, rather more ; Too common ! Kever morning wore - " To evening,: but some heart did break.'' 0 ' - " o ? such fallacy, .. .' J 1 ; f "r 1 ..; HOME AFFAIRS. In the article entitled I'Faitb, Medicine and the Doctor7 Galiaa should haTe read Galen. "I : for one cannot express my appreciation of those noDjey guou, uieaocu w wiucu forward in that much needed institution, a Hos pital May they live long to bless eufferingjiu their purses never be empty, and: manlty, may "... oi- . TV.- auiwm-u-uuinM- Ut lnllMlnn neauug may tne glib the auspices of those mothers under established in Israel. May the dews of heaven deicend upon It, until all that come under its roof shall feel its benign influence. My heart ana ruyisunl is with u all in this noble work." b. -- Jield-nextdayJune-1- : jconcert-will-h- e: ter-vic- es Died in Salt Lake City, at the residence of Major W. W. Wood?, at five minutes to five -- thia if given in theJargeTal'erpa de In this cityfor the benefit of the Deseret Hospital. The building will l.e JIIu musidans and performers all render their fif e for this important, benevident en aiid it is ardently hoped by all .those most actively engaged in this chaiitable work, that the concert ill receive the patronage of tho general public. If as much, means can be obtained in this way as is gathered every year by a circus In this city, the commltte and all parties interested will consider It a grand success. Come everybody and bring your children and friends Admission, twenty five. cents; reserved seats, fifty cents. A SAD EVENT. . ;r;;;; ; umo ;Pn"tjjB. 1th;: of August arand . Mrs. E. S. Taylor then presented the subject of the Hospital in a very earnest and effective members sisters to become manner. Urged the ... . m j: it iLir; men uy paying one .uuimr auuuaujr ..wiu-uanames enrolled with those engaged in this noble wenr. IrSrIrArFreeze announced that: the Con- ference of Y. L. M. I. A. and P. A., would be innbe Assembly lialJ.- Conference adjournedfor three months. Sing ing, "The Spirit of God, etc." - Benediction by ... President Woodruff" ABBuciauuu institution. o-operate andjiianyj)therJntere3ting-themt-s. ; in their labors jn inaugurating ber afid be on hand for our wheat gathering aiid storing away for future need. - In this work, the older members of our Primary. Associations, if properly encouraged and instructed,' might ren-- " assistance. They could raise beans der gr-amuch Luxa. profit. toowjth t " - Deseret Hospital Association', Dr. Romania Br Pratt hai been added to the Executive Boaid, , of-'the-be- " ".' V - Sikck the publication of the Circulars of the - : Deseret Hospital, which wai being established by the Latter day Saint?, and appealed fo these present to take an interest in this benevolent t of th t' She- - also spofce ... work. - washings and anointing? for the sick. Tresidtn t' Wilford - Woodruff sroke very en courau!niQlhesiaterstl)oth in Tegard -- totheduties and responsibilities vwhi h necessarily devolve upon them and also cf tho administration to the sick and afflicted. Referred to the ,Deseret Hospital and the work of benevolence and charity expected - of the Relief Society. Rnoke of tho union of man and woman in all things and how necessary it was they shoujld together; the influence of mothers, thts training of children, the work for the dead ;"- - y'SEVEitAii Primary Fairs, worthy of mention, are not noticed in this issue, but reports will be -yyjZ-l given in due time. - . ; FoirTgood ftnd:surncientxca?cli'p, we decline for the r.iefent nublishiuir notices of ' suroriee -- ; j-o- HMO" A YOUNG LADY DOCTOB. Martha Paul Hughes, M. D., returned on Thursday evening, July 20, from an absence of about four years in the east, where she has been pursuing the studies of medicine, surgery and the sciences; thus preparing here elf for a life of eminent usefulness MIps Hughes, better known leic-oa- .i as Mattle-Pau- J, jut Dcjjicmwr, iaso - vuuiu6- a f iht nd nf two- vpjira she wcradu- ated as M. D., and received her diploma. She made friends among the college students, who were willing to lend her their influence and assistance in the practice of her profession. She made good ueV of her time during vacation, and : by that means earned money to enter the State UUU iO(0; AUIl-AlViJl- ii. a .1 eUlWeu J --- .Univcraity or I'ennsivituia, uuw wiwu wo graduated as a Bachelor of Science, the only also lady in the graduating "class. Mies Hughes excelled in the National School of Elocution ana -. ' with Oratory inThiladelpbia, and graduated lecturer a for honors. Bhejbas prepared herself and for literary work as a medical Journalist, and will undoubtedly make a success of whatever ahe undertakes, if dlligenoe, perseverance and. it. Miss good natural ability will accomplish and in leiiieent. energetic t ,t.k..N0 IWU to o . ritrht.; "., Industrious young woman. She has already hnt would- h ave daunted iufani j.v.- - r 1 - --- Burmu"utcu that many older and more experienced, proving and ihe is endowed with courage to battle with overcome the difficulties that ever line the path Doctor to honor and to fame. We bid the young trust sbewUlme. a warm welcome home, and Is the talents with which she so for the , andMhe knowlevlge the has gained, in so doing of suffering and distress, and y k find happlnoss and conUnt. '? - alte-viati- on 