WOMAN'S EXP 0 N E NT. 40 ever ftrerre from theso fixed principles of- - virtue and to be endowed with the wisdom of God.' and to be kind and merciful toall the human family, as far as mercy can have any clnim on the souls of men ; so let ou r love abound. : As we measure to the human family, so. it must be; crowned upon our heads, either in- - time or in eternity. It is always time to do good', and as to wrath we will measure that out as God shall direct, and not as we will, for God says, 'Yen- - . geance is mine, and, I will repay ; "Let us seek to be true Jo our integrity,' wherever we shall make vows or covenants with each other; then we have got m that narrow way that leads to eternal life. Now let us be careful that we do. not make a breach, but let us learn by the things that we see others suffer, and not have to pass through them ourselves. You have some experience, and you see others walking through trouble and" sorrow, because those whohave covenanted to be their friends have betrayed them; for instance, look and see what the Prophet has to pas3 through. . This' comejyjpq some who have promised to be his friends and the friends of God. We should have no trouble it it were not for such persons. They make league with our enemies, Judas like. "Oh, God, save me and my posterity from affd let our hearts be filled with true "treachery, ' integrity and benevolence to the human family; if wc havo ever varied from these principles, forgive and give us light to walk in tho light, as thou, oh, God, art in the light. Our hearts are known unto thee, and we desire to continue; in thee, as the branch cannot" bring forth fruit except it abide in tho vine, no more can we, ex cept we abide in thee.- - Save us from our ene- ... mies, and let us live long and do mucF good, see and thy work prosper and spread lorth on the right and on the left, , and see our enemies - fall and come to naught. Now, Father, ! ask these things Jn thc name', of Jesus Christ.- -' . - told' Sirs. Baker that sho would like to have me pray fur her. I did as she had not-lir- .. -- y. "I have written as it has come to me. I think this is the ; first that I have written to I hope it may not be the last. I hope you. we shall live to see many good days,and be a - comfort to those of our kindred who hare not yet come to the light of the Gospel as we have. I have a longing desire to live many years and live that life that becomes a man of my pro I hopo that I may sion, which hnrr apostle. live in honor of this title, that it may be handed down with delight by my posterity which shall follow me. Now,my dearHeJec,pray for your dear father, that he may have strength to fight the Sghtof faith and win the prize and come off with honor in the sight of God, angels and men. "Now,-Helestudy . to be a comfort to all vjuu hic cuuueatu uj ua uy ine lies oi nature, and also to those who have received the Gospel of Christ. Be a pattern of good works, and j let honor. Envy no your locks go down-wit- h one.tbough they may think they are far above you: Now, listen with care and be meek,xand ?no good ihingjshaij ve witnueia eitnerin time ui m cLciuujr, uiiu juu suau Binne ionn as me sun at noon day. Seek to be a comfort to your parents, brothers and sisters, and to your friends and connections, and-a- ll who love our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Probably I said enough upon this subject at this . have time. "My health wa3 tolerably good till I got to Cincinnati, then I had svmDtoms of chilfi; sk T wan introduced to i Tespect" able family by tho name of Baker, who were were very kind to me and mv :Baptist3. They .. . " , V 1 i . . T"l J urcuireu. jLiiere was an infrO ish J a.iut, with them as governess to their daughters, i them in education and taught them to play on tho piano. "While I was1 there, she was taken sick and lay nigh unto death,- She told me she could n, " . . - I found Elder Pratt. In about twenty minutes, . she came to our door and said she was well." She left the house and went around telling the people what had been done. ' After I had gone to bed, I was called up by Mr. Baker,'as his daughter was very sick. I laid hands upon her and she was healed and went to sleep. She was well in the morning, and they; were all believing. I baptized Mr. Baker and his daug; hter before I left t..."We reached this place on the first day of , . - v- 3 - rv ' aHth EYE, EAR, NOSE AND THROA drO3TETKIC3 AND DISEASES 3? 33 ' I July. H 4 wa3 DRIED " morbus. It seemed to me as though I could not lireilfrniDr three breth . ren with me a good part of the night. will find that this complaint 13 raging through the East. Elder Page is sick with it. There have been five baptized. They are a good people here. I think we shall leave this week for We are very . Philadelphia. Elder B. does that not come on. sorry, Young " We have had some hints that Brother seph is taken with another writ. I wish that ! could know. l expect that "and get I shall find a letter at Philadelphia, ' " the news. "I received a letter from your mother by Phineas, and was glad to get it. I have read" it until it is almost worn out. Will write to her in a few days; have" not been able to write before for some time; my head Was so dizzy and I poorJyLluYrote-ono'to-W- il IiamTahd hope that he ' 2fyo . ' ASZ 3. 3?. TULA j How I hopo FUDIHT. SHELF HAPvDWARE, GLASS & QUEENS WARE, : AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS, Etc. . - . Of !? Xj A. X X 23 Q 3HSC'-3Z- -- Salt Lake City and vicinity will find tbo LARGEST and MXr 8ELECTED STOCK of . B O Of S , '' . SHOES & SL I PPERS , Also, full and deelrable lines, best brands IPino SliooB, Olillciroii'o ob3tu.tho Weat. are Sdteiltd. P7 Your Or&ri IDTTlST'OtJD. C3-JE- . - ELLEN JB. FERGUSON, MYS I G I il HAN DSOR GE 0 Special Study has been Riven to Surgery, Diseases .of Women, and Diseases of tho ,: to soon hear from poor William. Sister-Billing- . 1 NOSE, THROAT AND LUNGS Gr AJlTrants Xj TOOK 212 C3 r for Sale by JOHN C. Home SInde CUTLER, Agunt for the ntOVQ WOOLEN MILLS, Old Constitution Ilalldlnsr; aisp UOME MADE Cotton Batting-- , Blankets, ' - Ilrown Tarnfi, Whit Yarns, Wool Batting, Hannels, Colored Varcs, Shawls, Brooms, Linsoys, Washboards, Casaimers, v Jeans, Tvreeda, Brushes, Etc, Etc jCk. -- , Of . P. AUERBAOH & BRO. -- - TIEI8 " HAVE Ml STORE,- CALL AND S& " 124 4126 Hos. EXAMINE Spring and Summer looli.ia x j v x id jX 'ii e s , TiriN ER, CAS WATER FITTER. ST -- & EAW ent for RUMSEr3 colel)rat6d LIFT and FORCE PUMPS. Pumpa Repaired on ebort notice. Orders from the country promptly rosijonded to. tSJ-- Addrtsf, David Jamat Box 306, Salt Lake City-- ' P-Ag- . -- 1 oitr I long to hear from my dear family for i love them with a perfect love, and there is no other thing that could induce me to leave them but the cause of Christ. That is all to us, for it is our meat and our drink to do the will of the Father in heaven. "Now my dear child, be humble, and pray for your dear parents, that, they - may have -- strength to win their way through with honor ,and integrity before God,angels and men;0 that we may be crowned together in the eternal worlds, whero we shall never part, where pain and sorrow and grief shall not be known; where we can enjoy the society of our. dear children and friends throughout all eternities. iWjiieienJass-your--dea- r mother for me. and tell her to kiss the dear little babe for me. I can hardly think of him without weeping I received the little lock of hair she sent me and carry it in mv Docket. Give my love to Bishop Whitney and family, and to Sarah Noon. Tell her to be of good cheer, and also Brother and s, and all that inquire for me. you should see President Smith, give kindest love to him. I hope that he is notmy in" the hands of hi3 enemies; if soGod will deliver " him. .. "My everlasting love to your dear mother and the children. "As ever, your dear father in Christ to his uaugnter in Crhrist,- IHerer-C. H. DINWOODEY, WnCUSALB AND IISXAIL DEALEl 15 Kimeall' FURNITURE, - Never part without loving words to think of during your absence. be that you will -may not meet again in life.itaA&r. Jt Lost jwtience is never found again. You may be patient next time, but theipoken word cannot be called back-- not with prayers and . .. learSt JS & . haj-receive- 2j 2!2 FRUITS OF ALL CUSSES WANTED. HEAVY ' . feltry 'livOMEN. WWLESALIl AND RETAIL DEAL 08 jy DRY GOODS, N O T 10 N B, , GKOCEP.IEH, . , OTP SALT LAKE CITY, Special Departments Carpets, Ladies' and Children's , Shoes, Dry acodsShawIs nnd Domestics, Groceries, ITard ware and Stores. - taken with the influenza. It seemed to me I could not endure it, my lungs were so bad; have not seen one well day since I came here. Elder Snow took it while on the boat, Elder Pratt also. 'Last night I was taken with the cholera - a-v- ery -- OFFICE IN. OODEE, PITTS & CO'S BUILDING. ' OtJIco hours from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. : b EasT Ward, 2d fcionth Street, bet. 5th ' Speeiat Attention given to Diseases of tho c . . T-- Mrs. ROMANIA ). PR ATIVM-D- r . requested, and went back to my room, where : - bnfc e, mE EEES, WISE EilTTBESSES -- AND ' FEiTBEES El fiFEB LL 75, 77, & 79, First South Street, S ALT LAKSCIT Y' ' li 