55 FROM MESA CITV-- ivA icre Til.; vy 0areRtemcJ IVwicIcnt Elder McDonald, having recently- returned from an extended trirrto .Utah, our Relief Society extended to him as a fitting tribute id Lis worthy JaborB a public welcome. A party was gi veiuin the -T -- beau ROJeoom ifeWerW 2$fU -- pictures, mot " and toes, evergreens. Welcome,"in large letters was placed at the. head.r'of the Hall. An address of welcome" was given after which tho song. "Home Again" wa3 delightfully rendered by the members of the choir; which was fol-- . lowed by several choice pieces of music inter-- , epersed with dancing and a short speech by Br. Bunless and Pre3t. Mc'Donald. The President was very much gratified at the kindly feelings expressed towards himself andjamy-l- h us passed one of the most pleasant reunions that has ever been experienced in our prosperous " little settlement on the Mesa. T- In addition, to the much quoted phrase, that ' August 2. 1832. :iJj. harmentsTjfzAaron ahdliis sons, to be worn while in the Priest's office. , The Lord said, ' - 1 show. A pro pert v rights bill, diviner married women the right to own real and personal pro- - v;iii: evidence of the truth of the argument that however kind may, be man's intention toward woman he can never deal justly she is allowed a voice in " making by'heruntii the laws to ' which she must submit. No one doubts the chivalry ,of the gentlemen of Kentucky, and yet upon their statute books the old barbaric English laws for women have remained unmodified, until women converted to the new creed of "universal free- dom' have in the name of justice demanded that, as representatives of the nineteenth i thev should no longer be bound by a code of laws, cruel and unjust even in the darkness of the sixteenth century which cen-tur- v, V them birth. , ; V(hl we rejoice over the good accomplished ma . few months by the Kentucky, we art brave daughters of led back forty yean to a. cf wisdom, s garments to con secrate him' Following we find what mater ials were to be used viz. gold, blue, purple, scarlet, "and fine linen; afterwards how they should be made, the ephod was to be made of all the foregoing-material- s with 'cunning work' the breast plate oi judgment was to bo made With 'cunning work and the twelve stones that were set in, it, bearing the names of the Twelve Tribes were precious and beautiful as the : Anmf flifimnrwl Kircf pmpr.ilrf snnnKire nwnf etc., ar. d they were to be set in gold. The chain was to : be of : pure gold, of wreathen Aaron's coat was to be embroidered, while the bonnets and the girdle of needle-worwere to be made "for glory and for beauty." JEntheJSls t chapof- - Exodus wo - read r " And the .Lord spake unto Moses, saying, 'See I have 'called by name Rezaleel the son of Uri, and I have filled him witlrthe Spirit of God, in wisdom, and in understanding, and in knowledge, and in all manner of workmanship. To devise cunning works, to work in gold, and in silver, and in brass. Aud in cutting of stones, to set them, and in carving of timber, to work in all manner of workmanship, and d have in the hearts of all that are I all make I have that that they may put wisdom, commanded thee. Thuslve see how particular God was to give the instructions, and qualify men to carry them He out, even to them that were wisdom. gave more He also gave precise instructions regarding the Tabernacle the children of Israel built, and Solomon's Temple. In this age He gave Joseph Smith directions regarding the Kirtland and other Temples. The tables containing the ten commandments were made by God, "and the writing was the writing of God, graven upon the tables." ' From that we must infer that He is sometimes engaged differently to what the majority of people believe. He "planted a garden" and made coats of skins for Adam and Hive, and gave the pattern fotNoah's ark, thus, Parley. P. Pratt says, introducing the art of He also gave many directions to the Jaredites and the people of Lehi. Fromlhe foregoing we see, He has been engaged in some of the pursuits in which thousands are employed at the present time. Being unchangable He could not deviate from his admiration of glory and beauty, so, should not we cultivate in our own, a most prominent trait of his character and have every thing connected with his service in accordance with his will for'" Where two or three are gathered together in my name, there am I in the midst of them," in short have everything connected: with it executed and arranged "for glory and for beauty. work. . k, perty obtained by descent, gift, purchase, or ner own earnings; ana to manage, sell,jx)nvey and dispose of the same, by will drotherwise, to the extent, and. in the manner permitted the 'zt h usband m property belonging to him. To give to the wife the same interest in the lands of the deceased husband that the husband now has in the lands of lie deceased wife, and permitting a married woman to sue and make contracts the same as an unmarried woman. 2. A bill to confer upon the wife equal right to her infant children's person and property with the husband. 3. A bill to authorize the employment of women physicians in the . Insane Asylum, and as members of boards of visitors in all charitable and penal institutions where women compose part of their inmates. 4. A bill crrantin? the ri edit to nractme law in the courts of the State, subject to no other requirements than men. r. A bill requiring that women be paid the same wages as men for the same work in public institutions. 6. A bill conferrinsr UDon .wfimen the fran- -' chise in presidential and municipal affairs. That these bills have been well received, and the property rights bill adopted, add3 another 1 filled with the spirit that thev may make Aaron ' 1. I have wise-hearte- wise-hearte- d ship-buildin- g. Ask Fellows, - . pure mountainair enns,we'haveT for the most part, a good people who are striv-- ;. to live thdr reJjgiQnwjCLn - - ing n r "1 "7 to-stren- "and thou shall make holy garments for Aaron; thy brother, for glory andibr beau tyAiidffl thou shaft "speak unto all that are wise hearted, whom 1t . -- -z "Mrs. Lizzie D. Fyler, writing of the gains in Kentucky, says: " 1 At the close of the convention of the American Woman Suffrage Association, at Louisville, the first society in Kentucky was formed. Although but a few months old, it has already 11 kueuume a, . Ml il j as ine power ior gooa, ioiiowmgjMiis wnicn were Deiorer the otate legislature will ivv in thw lnfety T" of addressinlr'a fewiines" tovoii"-allowin ihe first place to congratulate you on the able . .1 manner m wnicn ihLpaper is conducted. i am iruiy dengntea at the progress my. sisters are making in the great work of the lAst .days, jn the defence of righteousness and true principles upon the earth I am living in a new country with no Relief Bociety, or any of : the Associations for. the improvement of, the young, yet we enjoy the Spirit of God, and we feel one with our more favored sisters .We-- 1 arrhlessed3vithalThealhy climate, with ; the - . ':::::-:--- THE CAUSE IN KENTUCKY. u- order is heaven's first law, by a rough glance at the trees and flowers, we may conclude that beauty is also much: appreciated thereTjii t whejnj examine ithe latter morecloselyand4; see how delicately and "'perfectly they are formed, and beautifully colored, the fact is :r forcibly impressed onlmf minds. corroborated :ly perusing It may also-be God's instructions to Moses, in reference . tothe- - ; MOUNTAINS. Ddak Eiixoii Having juat read some of your valuable papers, and thinking .pcrha you would le intemtcd in the welfare ufryoi: -- iigiefg- decorated 11 1 u 1 1 A VOICE FROM THE 1 ; S a it ah A. YvLLuri:. Catle Dale Emery Co.; Aug. U ; - J you r iieter in the Go? r " gth evu'l innuences irom the i outside element, that are seeking to draw awav our young. Ws have a Sunday School that fs : doing pretty well, but we need a great deal of good sound teaching, amongst our children, hence the necessity of organizations among tho sisters to help along the work of our 'Heavenly Father, and help establish more fully the order. of the kingdom of heaven in these waste places of Zion's land. - We read xwith mueh rinterest " the papers, and are Jed to exclaim Oh, man, vain man ! that undertakes to. measure arms with God" to circumscribe : the x jmth of Deity ! "to stamp out" what God has instituted for the exaltation of the human family, and "for1 the advancement of the children of men in the kingdpm of God. I am a plural wife have lived in-t- hat ordemf "marriage for" 20 years, haye a fiimily of .12 children,-- all- - born -- under" the patriarchal order of marriage, aud feel an interest in the present contest. o Senators Calkins in his speech in the house say?; "Pjura wives must be forsaken, polygamy must yield." Whatl break up such family ties ? Scatter such families broadcast in thejand, children that have been born under the "stars and stripes" in a free country; born under the only true marriage law on the earth, proclaim themrout-casts- ? - No ! the Lord will deal with suclfmen as dare say these things, we fear them vnot. V The Lord sent an angel unto Joseph Smith, " commanding him. to inaugurate the patriachal -- system of marriage, and who dare say "it shall be stamped out?" The Lord holds the helm, and He will allow our enemies to go so far, and. no farther; they are fighting against God. He will order all things for the good of his peopleinasmuch as thev keep his command ments, and live up to the light of the Gospel, the Saints need not fear, only for themselves lest they should stumble, then let the wicked proceed with their nefarious work; but let us look well to ourselves, and keep the spirit of meekness and prayer, that love and kindness, and long suffering may abide with us. Let us seek unto the Lord for strength and wisdom, to guide us in the ways of truth and righteousness, let us as a band of sisters help to sustain our brethren in the noble work of elevating the human family, until they shall be fit to enter into the presence pf our God. I t us do "our duty towards our children as mothers in Israel, teaching them to honor their God, to honor the priesthood, to honor the principles under which thev were born, and everv principle revealed for the exaltation of the children of men. We ' are living hi the last days, when it will not do for U3 to "stand still and see the salvation of the Lord" but we must put forth our might" and influence to combat the power of the adversary, that is seeking tctdestroy our children. Then let lis lift up, our voices and defend our religion and the principles pf righteousness, "and freedom to worship God according tQ the dictates of our own conscience?," 1 i iu uo, to comoai-ine - . . - . .. . . ; 