WOMAN'S EX P 0 N E N T . the lady wishes to know" something filour manner and habits as well as our theories concernso ing marriage, so I will try to enlighten her far as I can. Each man who marries two or i more wives, manages his family affairs according to the best of his judgment and the dispositions of those with wnom he is associated, just as men do that have but one wife. Some men think they can can manage the wife or wives and some allow them to manage themselves. Some families are very agreeable and study each other's welfare and happiness, while others, I am sorry to say, are not quite so harmonious in their relation with each other. Asfar as my observation extends that is generally the case where there is but one wife. That does not by any means condemn marriage,which we believe to be a sacred and holy institution, and pecuwelfare and happiness of liarly adapted mankind. Our sons as well as our daughters are taught to esteem their virtue, above any price and hold most sacred the marriage covenants. The sacred rites of our Church enjoin virtue and purity, and those who transgress are held accountable to God in a greater degree than those who sin in ignorance. Some men provide for their families separately and each wife is head of her own household affairs. It places upon her greater in training her children, and mui-plie- 3 her cares, as the father must divide his cannot always be at either home. It and time teaches a woman and necessitates her to live nearer to God. Of "Mormon" women, I believe they will yet take the lead among the women of the world, as they have taken the lead in the franchise, their discipline and practical education fitting them to do sor Some wives prefer living in one home where they can enjoy more of the company of the husband, and have their families more immediately under his control. I have a neighbor who many years ago entered into the practise of the order of plural marriage. ' His first wife had no children, and when he proposed marrying another, she exacted the promise that the first child that was born should be given to her. A promise which was faithfully kept, for in due time a son was born which she claimed and raised as her own. He married a third wife who was also blessed with children. After a few years both of the young mothers died, leaving the first wife with eight children to raise. I met her one day sobbing ready to break her heart. "Oh sister T." said she, "Emma is dead, and what shall I do ? I have often prayed for children but did not expect my prayers answered in this manner. I said, "do the best you can and God will help you." And He ha3 blessed her. The children have grown up around her and are respected men and women. Some are married and have families, and her feelings are as kindly towards them as if they were her own. How much happier the couple are than if they had gone down to a childless? old age. It is common for men whose wive3 have no children to marry again, and who shall say it i3 wrong. Who shall say that a man should go down to a childless old age and have no one to perpetuate his name, or mourn for him when he is gone, because his first choice fails to fill his expectations. There are many circumstances transpire wherein any unprejudiced person could not fail to see that plural marriage is a blessing. We connot deny that it is often a trial Some feel it in one way and some in another; but God says He will have a tried people. He says also that they shall be tried m all things; and they shall be as gold seven times refined in the furnace. If we are God's chosen people our garments must be washed white in the blood of the Iamb. I wonder sometimes if people realize what that mean. to-th- self-relian- -- ce And I sometimes wonder when I see people passing through trials and adversities, humble and contrite, holding fast to the faith, if those men or women are those whoas garments should be "washed white" and they should be brought up through much tribulation. God certainly wishes his children to be happy, and those who rely on Him and his promises will find their greatest happiness in keeping his commandments, for He has said 'Come unto me all ye that are weary and heavy laden, for my yoke is easy and my burden is light." . From what we learn from those who come among us, our sisters in the East do not find matrimony a "bed of roses." They are, many of them, suspicious of their husbands, and men fear to trust their wives, thus making marriage a thing to be shunned as bringing responsibilis ties and they are not willing to encounter. The nation is spending its wrath on a few insignificant people away off in the mountains, where we had thought to get out of everybody's way, and worship God according to the dictates of our own consciences. But should we remain obscure and unknown ? We should not be what we profess; a power that shall be known and acknowledged throughout the world. It is written that God will make the wrath of man to praise Him; and while the heads of the nation are puzzling their brains as to how they are to solve the "Mormon problem," we are sitting quietly at home, and making ourselves happy in attending to our own ,business. As I sat in meeting yesterday listening to the statistical reports of this stake ,for the past three months, I noticed that there were several more boys than girls born during the time, also1 that there were a number of men less than women who had died. I could but reflect that Gpd was quite capable of disposing of the vexatious question through' natural principles. I heard a probate judge say a few years ago in speaking of unhappiness in plural marriage, that he was led to suppose there was more unhappiness among those who were not in it, from the fact that he gave five divorces to one given by President Brigham Young. I believe we can truly say that we enjoy a large share of happiness. It does not consist in any given condition of life. Our Gentile" sisters are unhappy in bearing children, while we are most unhappy in not bearing them;. believing that to be woman's highest mission on the earth. Many women who are left widows in youth are only induced to marry again by their desire to raise families; and very few marry single men, as they prefer a small portion of the society of a husband they can truly honor, to the society of such single men as would be likely to marry women of their age and position. to Every women who is married according the celestial law,being,united with her husband for eternity, and it is not usual for men believwives of men ing in the Gospel to marry the who are dead until they have already chosen a wife for themselves, to be their's through all exeternity. For we believe in marriage as plained in 4he Bible, and take such examples a3 Ruth and Boaz, for instance, in such cases. We do not believe that a woman should spend her life alone because her husband has gone behind the veil, but should marry and raise a his also. The family for her honor and for afternoon is well spent and I will bid Mrs. Scott satgood evening,hoping our gossip may prove from her again. I isfactory and we shall hear can assure her if she would call and see us she would not be at air frightened, for we are all friendIy('pcople and abhor immorality above Mary. things. heart-burning- THE REASON WHY. In the glorious day in which wo live, we the intellect of man and woman ttnfolding 1 167 a flower, to bring us nearer to "Him who rules on high." Science takes her votaries by the hand and says, "Behold the wonders that have existed since the world was, yet have they been hidden for ages, and mortality has lived and died, and never known that these things were, till in this the last, the eleventh hour, they are revealed to man." Yet weak, erring man takes all the glory to himself, and tells us he has done all this. x Yes! by faith and research, application and experiments, great and wonderful things have been made known to those who live in this day. The wonders of electricity, of steam, of the spectrum, of the of worlds, and existence of new metals and gases in worlds, that it takes hundreds of years for the light to reach this little second-rat- e world of ours. All these things come like an avalanche to overthrow old theories. We But the wonder, we ponder, we accept them. the before our condition of soul, immortality we were mortal beings, and our future existence, all those great and important subjects that one would naturally suppose would receive the most attention from the intelligent portion of humanity, are baed upon the false reasoning of weak men. Who made your spirit, mighty man? With all your knowledge can you stay the hand of death and live for ever? Can you do aught but learn and utilize tho great forces which you have no power to create? Ah! no; you are but the creatures of your Father's bounty, and are subject to the fixed laws which He has , dis-tan- ce -- made. Is it strange that God should give a plan by which His children may be saved? And because He does not choose the worldly wise to be HiT instruments to make it known to the " world, is it not a greater proof of His power? Piat God, our Eternal Father, has given this jlan and is willing for all to believe, and be saved, Xrda hnaw and ttsstuy; that the time has c$me for a people to prepare themselves for the coming of nim who was slain by the unbelieving Jews, that the way might bo prepared for us to progress here and hereafter; that this message is sent to all, to those who sit in high places and low. And because those great fundamental truths are not believed by all, men rise up and say, "You shall be slain if you persist in inch heresies; you must be as we are; riffht or wronr when thev know not the truth as we know it. ,lYou must. lie to y our own consciences and turn traitor to your God," that God whom we have already sworn to serve and obey. To all such I say, Never ! Truth is truth, and when availed it only shines forth with greater brilliancy. What! give up, for ,fear of men, that which God has stamped upon my soul as an everlasting truth? Hoy dare they ask it. I do not ask any one to believe as I do, unless that person be convinced of the truth; none can say truthfully that the Gospel was forced upon them. Yet would I rejoice it every honest heart could enjoy and know the blessings of the Everlasting Zina Y. Williams. Gospel. THE FAMILY DOCTOR-SHOP- . Paste ihU up for reference in cast of emergency. Nearly every person knows what to do in case of injury, or sudden sickness, but it often happens that under the excitement attending such circumstances they become confused, and forget all thevknow about it The following suggestions might be pasted up on the inside of closet or bookcase door, where they could be referred to promptly: Swallowing saliva relieves sour stomach. If children do not thrive on fresh milk, it should be boiled. Hot, dry flannel, applied as hot as possible, for neuralgia. 