WOMAN'S SUFFRAGE I She is thorouffhlv convinced that it is next to Die to do imnossible to masses the o - - tfet x j, something of which they know nothing that CONVENTION. as true as. twice one is two. any . true Latter. of-De- - STATE OP NEW YORK. - - - Haying two or three hours on our hands before the evening lecture, we (Sister Young, swent up to the Fifth Aveanmyself,) nue Hotel, where on aluxurious sofa we pleasantly spent the' hours of intermission inter- myself; and jyii jg . , . re-cei-ve ses-B1P- & -- 'Anti-JUormo- vt uvai misrepresentation than, we now do. 11 Wft bw4 tmvm Ufei $htie, me W . we could be rep- -' she had not a shadow ot a' belief 1u the' principle of Plural Marriage, she had, no schism cn the suffrage 0 Part we .felt there is , . Ljette, Hanni-MPropriate- - ! ' ; ; .. ! ly I : with.-seoon- ; eTnei f her ' i hy At the funeral pf,a second, wife, I hare seen the first and. third wives mourning, the.ipss of the one departed and knewi- that their,-- , hands L 1 J naa neipea .to array tne. silent loi m in spotless white, and placed within the Warble fingers the - TSf08- TP1' strong Vint . W-tim- 2.' ford, a -- WW :u:t m ripy.tona.ct for' truth's saW -- 30 ferentiating nartfe bf dark eyes, i . . HersLch from all the other - (;the,Lord Jesus, foS&:-tlion- S' i&SSS''" T?U? imeffi 10 ftu4 JM helU Lvrc!uHe clos h.M, in dead eahifst' . e. ftuyr'iaj ... - all V the plat- -' and fkSS SJAHii !f ' ' "e jjw mxnang matter. prompted my vb Vtfnh;JZ-- , that! have gained torntii.i!a-!SL.I- of the vast subject,, tat! , Immtmmt possibly could ! ; hits H of the do, when we , ' hi conven'"mean on of study. When it is considered that the whole life of many eminent men has been spent in the study1 ,of the eyey and- yet leaving many points opei ne 0311 luea tormed of : theVftstness ofo.T the field of inquiry rded so snjall toorean. i I'M tk sfZzrZl hare I? r a8econdViruia1hg thli' dpi ddneitfSr'l i it iALivtk nr thn ...- 111 of agamVfor jZ . of plural mar--. :.; riageuhdMeiheyir:11; "Bjr their fruits 3uww whether je shall , them" good or bid; : ;;;.,V ; ,,: : . -- : - . i 'It it onlr bvlaKAr tKt Ju'rjA healthy; and it is only" W thought Uhat labbr f;. can; be rria'd a: ntV -- i'jXfe!. 5 ; ; It: ia a great virtue tq restrain! the ton gue, to how. to kntfjv he silent evenf thtinrrteirti re in 1 86 aa? PMtades L7 X at home with you J fiV -- throat iUoxlSte-- i ' "n" araxr the fruits lll,?sf SflfSP6 - regret mat I cannot stay "ionEer3 but' the " rh vOUnCerl nasSfvl c. iaVntS . . - 'through yt did nit o '.hlfa - .ybut W, and its crowniR icature e ;pidd: are niere feathirs before' nTi8rf1 pouring interest in this' field nebe flanni, mmlster. . Her sweet, placid face, and . and second family ;'hlas bread "for them to eat'from.' her own res6urces ' altKou'gh she had a large family' 0f KexfownV iand had always helped the second . wife in raising her . family, beca pf .Kei I was acquainted with,a;JoYely,womajD, :,who on her deatl' bed, chose a wife for "Her husband and when she found the rties were agreeable to her wishes, felt hands she would leaveheV children, Another estimable woman wLUo Uia Hvc-care "of the , at-th- of trSth. . sweet, white flowers! (,n Jn sickness one wile will mimsXer to1 another with the greatest solicftiidef and tenderness. Another, in of Ad&ihisd fli her husband my-par- - i ; ! par-ticular- ly - i 1 1 ; now that Mrs. paper: Mrs. Gon-ga- r is a most pleasing appearing woman, :and a very gracefuf speaker! tfer speech was characterised by good, practical, com- - r - ; ; : . ; a , FZllt - n lor IS -- -- tAnt sum-S??-- V to preserve it and let without for opportunity to iel pur, story,., , f asking .r. v TOeventt session : was Occupied by Mrs. Indiana, Fhebe ?WaMf wound up by one of tho, finhmg;. touches of the convention, a speech by Miss,Susan ft Anthony. y Mrs. Gougar is editor of Our Herald, the : ai, pxc5CUb -h- ope-my-friends occurred ia. Utah, among the despised Latter-da-y Sahita Here-I am acquainted with. noble women; - who of their own free will'many have wives other unto their husbands, who are given a blessing to their families- and - to their associates. I have ; stood ; by the - grave of a dear friend; a first Wife and -- when -- the coffin was lowered have seen the second wife clinging to her husband weeping in bi ttrph&T of grief; for the loss of the first' wife, who been such a comfort and blessmg.1ber;!,and- her children. 1 .Ye .own pchMess' first wives, imitat. the. example p the(I,prless; Sarah, giving ing other wives to their husbands,, and furthermore caring for .the children : as if they were, their own.,-- -. r..-;;- , .. , ...... ...r I have.ibeen .'acquainted' wives who have willingly given their, first bom to the childless,rfir8t wife" . who!has nourished and raised it as her ownJ ' . Auiu 1 have khowii of the :ffrs'rwivcs treatinthe wives of their1 husbands as daughters, affectionh-tand kMl were .otinger ately than therself; aiid again sewM'wiyes hondring and respecting the first wife.'.ih every possible-' i'm';-. :J-- . way. ; KJllX I Some facts have been given of the, state of aflairs in Jthe States.: : re are. facets that have ! The direct, telling trtyh and, the appropriateness of the re- V moment , she seemed a little nonplussed, but soon rallied and made some remark concerning how carefully the cause by shunning' even t?yi.Wifcguaj;d the appearance: of evil;; which seemed to be " the interpretation pf ill6wing Mormon women -to be representedloiL;theplatform;'especially now in the present feverish, state of She alsovery truthfully said; that at society. Washing. DoCj ANSWER TO SOME FACTS. i 4mAvm AAA ill IIS ucf , ; , side.' we would suffer and swimming East Kiver, a' mile wideband walking two miles with otir dresses ; fringed with icicles, could have raised us' from our seats to leave her most interesting lectureV If I understood Miss Anthony aright, she carried the idea that we had never made but one regular eflfort at repretentation, and that yourselt and Mrs. Zma Young Wil liams went to Washington. j.'lJie truth is, that the characteristic ai preciation of the daugh ters of Zion of the true 'key stone of power and strength, in the foundation oi'anV commu nity or nation, is well expressed irithe'proverb I vi nome, 5 anq tney nave oegins-a- s vxirity been so busily engaged in cleaning up tne House of Zion by teaching, encouraging and! endeavoring to direct in the best channels the thoughts and lives of their sisters that seem-- ! inglv the 'fact has not been VhsnWw? ihat. 4here might be safety Jn baving a few sentinels; scauonea-otne towers alar on. I presume it is true; of woman's cause as of any other; that to; have, its' proper standing requires well-- ; ' directed; representation. : One little experience of Sister-- ' Zina D. H. Young shows 4he actual' power of the saying, j "Seeing is fcelievingA As 'she was'7standinff w aign me memorial to send to tne Leg-- ! Hwwug islature, asking for the franchise of the women of Kew Yorkt State, a lady close by her thus addressed heis I believe you are Mrs. Young " Sister Young said, "I am." And thereupon the. lady withdrew herself a pace, and, while Zma stood; there in her sealskin and velvet robei but above all 'with thesacque light oftruth. beaming' forth from every feature of her face, she took a scrutinis-inannr nf trom top to toe, and Baldwin accents of supreme' Ul 100K J J W degrad "r7 ed tu The woman seemed oblivious to totally the burning, insult her every word; act and iU. "upneu, dul seemed swallowed up with her discovery. ' Andwholly I dare say 'dear goKf Aunt Zina bore this with a smilerbut it has been proven, as Fanny Fern says that you can smile when you are the maddest. But it is to be sincerely hoped'that such insults shall not be so frequent as to induce in any one a "chronic smile, a la Colfax. e My attendance' convention was!quite a digression on t from nry daily attendance at the Eye and Ear !Mrinary. Kain ' was-wne- , t securely at home will alremembfirUjein theirs, that I may again lsboiiJb1e' iaife'at home in Zion, for I fully realize the strength' of Zion is sufficient for the day and if all men' fail, the One at the helm will, not . :,: dj : Affectionately yours,' Komaia5 ' B. Pbatt. 292 Carlton Ave., Brooklyn, Feb., 4, 1882. ; changing thought by. reviewing the proceedings of. the day. , ... f near, we went early, .that we might see Mis Anthony and a book purchased after the morning We had a few moments of very interesting, conversation with-he- r upon several points, especially upon . Utah representation on the(Suffrage,questi9n, tV history of which she was anxious to , secure to insert in the coniing volume of suffrage history. - Her prompt request of us to name some one to whom she could apply for the n account was so markedly in, contrast to the interest manifested in hearingHhe Mortnon side,usually that I could not refrain fromTdfawing.her attention to the fact right there, by laying: "Werb you to hear our' 'side on all matters always sdeager ot dispute concerning-- usi'as ydu are: the aiti- - OUC ucccol uiu Bbiuiigcb 1 , TT11U1 upon Zi'on,lias to possess more will force than the wif&f LoUhm to keep her fromJooking back all the time. I pray for you all, but my luus morauy couvniueu oi me inue tu utj accomplished by lecturing to ' the masses; she We- heroicall v intends to keen,, dntrvinfir. were forced to leave during her lecture, but I can assure you nothing short of the vivid pic- - CONCLUDED, TTVJUiau AtJ KJCiy ' Tnouaii hatterr blossom liir vet there is a great difference in the fruit. &xrat 4 ; 