W 0MA N If.O It. by Willie Knight." Song, by farr Romner. "Clin? to me ever." Recitation. and Lilly Potter, a ' humorous',, by Maud ' Isabella Romney, "Morn- by piece. Recitation, in? Pravrr'7-'- Sonir. by" Ida Savage, Ida San- some and Lenny Savage, "The unfinished prayer." Recitation, by Rhoda Jackson, "Sleep, fioUy, sleep." ReciUt'on, by Alico Reynolds, Scriptural, from the Juvenile Instructor Song the Association, Lovc at Home." by Addresses were then delivered by Sisters E. JLSaovSmithJEHcn G, Clawson, Louio Felt, Book cf Monncm, - -- Rachel Brc Counselor Pusey, and Grant 11. Iwi-RGiime- yal all ot .which were very Dnei out instructive ana interesting The children were then treated to a sumptu ous fe&it of cake, oranges and candy. The fcsimmon?; " : . pleasant .aflkir winding up with a dance for the young folk?. Altogether the children spent an enjoyable lime. Cecilia Sharp, i ' . Corresponding Secretary. YEARLY REPORT Of the 20th "Ward Primary Association, from April 19th, 1881, to April 19th, 1882. We have neld forty-twmeetings during the and forty-fivhundred year; There are one o e members enrolled; our average attendance is to ninety. Our readings are from eighty-fiv- e 'Book of Mormon, Poctrine and from the Covenant?, the Bible, and miscellaneous readyear, one hundred ing; total number for the and two; recitations, one hundred and fourteen; songs, thiriy-eigh- t; ee?ays, six;. dialogues, six- teen; and the number of testimonies borne by the children, one hundred and fifteen;' organ solos, two. The children take great interest in learning and arc not often unprepared. We meet every Thursday at 3 o' clock, and the members are very punctual. Wc always receive rood instructions from our President and her -- Couniclorsand thecmldren generally pay very irood attention and are improving wonderfully. We aroaught to be orderly, obedient to our tb be truthful and to pray often. We ' parent?, have a great desire to go on improving. Financial Report: We have a live cent fund organized for the benefit of the Association. Money recieved from tho fund, $6.90. DL&ursed $3.25., Cash on hand, $3.65. THE COFFIN FAMILY. EXPONEN T. S .lF i letter of Mrs. Mary Coffin Johnson, of Brooklyn,' who", visited our relatives in Portledge, England. She: says: "Portledge is one of the very few estates-i- n EnglamLwhich liss remained-for-so-grelength of Jime in family retaining the original name, about eight hurfdred years! lOn entering the gateway, the drive through the park is nearly half a mile in length, on a winding road overshadowed by noble oaks. At almost every turn some new charhV aiid fresh beauty, is disclosed, until the :: "lord ly mansion is seen. ''The butler received us'at the hall door. Our earth were taken "to J. ft Pine Coffin, the "htaWowneFalid lord of thcT from -- - flnf1-carili- v i: ,8. P.TEiFIDKL. . -- WHOLESALE AXD RETAIL , JbSALEiiS IX , DRY had previously exchanged letters with him, con7 cerning my proposed visit. Much to my. re- jret, I had not the pleasure ot meeting tne ady of Portledge; she , having been suddenly of her mother. jhe called to the death-beis highly spoken of, as a most estimable lady, and is the sister of the late Captain Speake, "'the "Nile voyager. Our English cousin, J. B. Pine Coffinis a specimen - of an English gentleman and a Coffin! ? He is fine and noble in physique, and leads one, cordially, to admire him, being frank, genial and most ! .- . hospitable "One remark, just before we started for our walk over the estate,-wa- s intercity to me, betraying, as it did, the independence of thought and- - action which- every- - Coffin - pos- sessed when convinced of a good measure. Said he, ' You shall take some refreshment before we go, will you" have tea, coffee or cocoa? I am a teetotaller, I dnot offer wincr to my guests." This gentleman has ten children, forming, a lovely group from Miriam, down to baby 'Dorothy who was in nurse's arms Coffins,5' etc. excellent types of real And now I want t remark on the grand heldon-IJ'ahtuck- et success of the Island on the 16th, 17th and 18th of August, being the last resting place of Tristram Coffinand hisviferDionis,and thefirst4)Ltheir. name in America. Two monuments are to be erected to their memory in honor of them; also a genealogical history is to be printed; and I feel-t- o sustain the memorial by having each of my family join it, and contribute their means to it. One of my sons is on the committee, and has received a notice from Andrew G. Coffin, of New York, treasurer, 72 John street, to forward our subscription to the Coffin Testimonial Fund as enclosed in the circular. The arduous and protracted labors performed hy him, by was made so grand a success, which the richly deserves recognition at" the hands of GOODS,- -, N 6 T ION 8, GROCERIES, HEAVY & SHELF HARDWARE, GLASS & QUEERS WAREr"""" A(3 RICULT URAL - lMPLElSlEXTS, Jtc. . XI 33 ' T Saft ; Lolco City Of OtiilVaLron-'e- gratitude and the great interest. I take in their proceedings publicly, and show my reverence to ar;noba ancestors. I am anxiously looking for the book that the to publish t this extensive and familybothlineal respecting " and I know many here in the collatenil, who-w- ill mountains rejoice with mc-i- n reading it, and will make usa of the it will contain; and I take this mode of pnhiiclj expressing my feelings upon this subjects , sending; an Exponent to each of tlie I jMfed a paper they 1 tecmjjremions. scat seobntainin a cibttnteresting aeewuut cf ctir English J1)anch of the family; whichT felt, as I read, was indeed an honor to lis;and I felt my smt inspired, ; as I read, by the spirit of these "my English ancestorsof eight lumdred jcrsLjyill .here giveJul extract! . -- unioii-isabou- cf-Ut- ah gene-Jslogj- es .. - :. . t& ; SIiooq, Tour Orden art Sdieiied. ELLEN FERGUSON, PHYSIGLftH AKD SURGEON, on Main Sired, over Ilardy Bros, Store, Ofilc$ Special Study has been given to Surgerj, Diseases of Women, and Diseases of the -- NOSE, THROAT AND XUNGS, CK LARGE ST JOUS T Home Made Trunks for Of Sato by PKOVO WOOLEN 3IILLS, llnlldlufft al&o IIOME M.ADC Brown Yarns," Cotton llitthig, CUTLER, Agent for tho Constitution Blankets, Colored Yarns, Caealmers, Tweeds, Jeans, PALACE OF FASHION, No. Brooms, Waahboanla, Brushes, Etc, Etc 17 EAST TEUPLE ST Doslros the Ladles of Salt Lake and thoeo vfaltlnf the Cltji to call at hor Show ltooms and seo be r. New Stock of MILLI-NEllmodes of Hats and BenThe latest and most stylisb Velvet.a nice selection la Also? In Felt and Straw, nett, Flowers, Feathers, Flushes, Velvet and Itlbbons In the shades and stripes. Country Dealers, please CalL Ladiur Hair Work In ail lta branches. Wood Work Guarantied t Y. att 1 - - - ,r , ... - P. AUEEBACH & BRO. . ; -- MAM TO HAVE Mil Mi - STQBE. ful 124 & 126 EX.JCNE CALL AND Spring and Summer Goods."! ID DAY I CAS -- TINNER, ": tVAgent J" AMES, WATER & STEAM FITTER- - for UUMSEY'S celebrated LIFT and FORCB Piimpa Itepalrod on short notice. Orders baa tho country promptly responded to. ""'tST AMrts David James, Box 306, SaULatoClfr PUMPS. re-imi- on i ' v; . - H. DlWWobDEY, 1 wi WHOLESALB AWD Respectfully yours, ' ''r: - - BETAIL nXALXIl I FURNITURE, Elmira Pinkiiaji Tufts. Salt Lake City,. Utah.; mm mi mi messes . -- G. P. Putman and Sons, have in press a volume b- - Eben G. Scott, on the "Deveiopement of Constitutional Liberty in tho English nie3 of America." jfo. . Colo- - C. Old Wool BiUiiyr, WhJto-yarn- s, Shu wis, Llnsoys, I have received several papers from Prof. Selden J. Coffin, of Lafayette College, Easton, Penn., giving account of the celebration each day; and have obtained valuable records from our noble English relative, and some valuable portraits inv good preservation. All this has given me delight and satisfaction. The history o f the Coffin family, going so far. back, will give some history and line of . ancestry to many: in, this country, and the mountains. My son, and some of the family intended to have been atT: last August, but business prevented, the but are in hopes to be able to go before long, to visit the beloved spot of "our kindred and" nTnR""!f f h is s'p f i n tpd rT-- T sond spypr nT pvipers to my beloved relatives and friends. i 1 re-uni- on . linos, ICHt-i-o tbcin tho West. " the clan. ' and vicinity win find the LAlia EST anl re-uni- on , Dear Friend: Will you allow me to express a few of my feelings through the columns of the Expos est, regarding my relatives and progenitors, bearing the name of Coffin, and by tfcjU means I may more readily communicate with, them? They have been most assiduously searching cur genealogies, and in getting up the Tristram Coffin reunion, which has been a great undertaking; and I want to express my X 33 JS SHOES 6c SLIPPERS, BOOTS, V beet brands Also, full and desirable -personal ed Ji. X Xj li EST SELECTED STOCK of d full-blood- - DRIED FRUITS OF ALL CLASSES WANTED? I v wplnomed us. a.II & - at .r.T-rvrrl la Special Departments for Gent's Clothing and ' Carpets. Ladles and Children's Shoes Dry Goods, Shawls and Domestics, Groceries,- Ilard- ware and is tores. ... -cr- T 33 "LTJ3 X 23 SALT LAKE CITY. ; feitsess wiu iSfn- 75, 77, & 79, First South Street, . . 8 A L T LA KB GIT F- - " 