W 6 M A N1S TO ARCHIE AND LOUISE EXP ONE NT. and I would, like Jnn troops to destroy the Mormon church. y not Y though fully persuaded in" my own mind that vou are 1 really. as you claim, God's chosen' am people, openly defend" you when bitter words are spoken, by persons who know you only through the reports Of your enemies. takes the Bible as the standard measure for churches; applying it to the Mor- mon church, we find, t1st, You believe in God, the Creator of " things, and in Jesus, His Son, who died : to all redeem the world. v -- And eo you have been to t ho Temple ; 'Tia years elnco I've eeen you, dear toy, But your mother's kln$ letters inform me I with you great rljjaenro And joy.- ; Ml-i- know 'tis a hackneyed expression, With which careless lips often part, ' t I in it But now, repeat earnest; From the depths of a truth-lovinheart. j: . Q Whose affections werejnlne, all secure; 'And now he's a man and is married How time passes by, to be sure ! i'leaee tell I&dy, the loved ' Tn whom rou now fondlv kir rlulm Tom once had a favoritoauntie, T. 7 Called, then, by a similar name. ng . And tell her that aunt now expresses ..A tender regard for the twain, 'So lately made one, and she wishes -rr Their Coffey inoon never mar wane. - . of course yon have married "an angel" I beliero young men always do this "And to her, you're the "noblest of heroes,1' Else, where Is perfection in bliss? it consider, when iri the near future Some little misdoing occurs, " And you find she is only a woman, Twas your mistake, surely, not hers. Don't censure her, then, for not being What &he never professed to haVe been ; X Be as anxious to keep her affections As once you were eager to win. If you're young, I suppose she is younger ; Both, at times, will be certain to err , Bnt whileroa yourself are imperfect, Expect "not perfection In her. Don't think it is childish to pi also her, Let whispers and actions both tell, That ever, In your estimation, JTer graces are sure to excel. - ; - Encourage her efforts to pleaso you, By compliments," and by returns. unprejudiced persons throughout the country arewilling to have the -- question fairly tested,-' and as nearly every daily "News" we pick up has some reference to the Mormons (something, generally, against them), the public mind is turned toward them, and many persons, with a sense of fair judgment, do not believe the mere' - say soof your enemiesTbut are Ted to inquire if these things are so. : The readers of Cincinnatti Gazdte will find an extract from the Salt Lake Tribune ; many willjroll it as a sweet morsel under the tongue, as proof that the Mormons are a "of people, forgetting, meanwhile, that such bad things just such bad things are being done here, right here within -the grand old State of Ohio, all the time. Perhaps it was true that " a Mormon gave the children of his first wife away to unkind strangers, and cared not for their welfare," but was it because he was a Mormon ?. One of my neighbors (being a widower) ' married a second wife. The daughter of his -l, first wife was an. innocent, and an annoyance to" the second wife, so went from home to earn her living, notwithstanding her father was wealthy. A young man took advantage of the girl's simplicity; an d she became a mother. The stepmother gave her no care, forced her to go to work in a few days after her child waa born ; she died, and was : buried without any funeral or attention. ' The whole family are strict Catholics, but no one charged the crime to the Catholic church. " They were wickedly selfish, unfeeling persons, and would havo been so if they had not belonged to any church, or if they had chanced to belong to anyjone of the orthodox ' " : churches. ; : I used to hear a burlesque sermon preached from the text, "A mon ish a mon if he ish no pigger ish my thunie." 'Ti3 true, if a man is, by nature, bad, Christianity Catholicism, or any other ism, will not make him the re- WTjrEeTHealfhiiurvt igion-cannot injure him (unless he become3a bigot) j neither should a religion be condemned' because of his badness. Right is right, and wrongs no man. ; The Tribune may, by constantly drawing public attention to the Mormon church, lead many workthinking minds to inquire closely into its well ings, and if it can bear the examination, and good " If this counsel or this work be of be of men, it will come to naught ; but if it bo God, ye cannot overthrow it; lest haply ye found even to fight against God' Acts v. With good wishes, , Louise, keep on thinking, forever,' You've married the very best man ; chosen to stand as his helpmate, him as much as you can. Don't speak of his faults, but his virtues Be first to acknowledge and praise ; Help love to jrow 6urer and strorjger, ...... By thousands of sweet, happy ways. Ihaji not a thought of advising, When seated to hastily write, And now, both my babies are sleepy Dear niece and dear nephew, goodnight ! Sal t Lake City, Febru ary, 1S32. ; Lula. ' Mor-monis- m, . -l- - ,,, Ohio, Nov. 10, 1882. Editor Woman's Exponent: down-prejudic- o7 . . Your little paper coming to us is a source of Sreat pleasure, and, T think we can truly say, of nch" profit; 'for anything that breaks and bigotry does good, and benefits nofc Aose immediately concerned, but the will, eventually, leaven the whole lump, i ears ago the word " Mormonism " expressed me all that wa3 wicked, low and revolting, ;od woman; who gloats over the division childr are- all manifest - of , the r ; --- KISSES ONIINTEREST. A father, talking to his careless-daughtesaid: "1 want to speak to you for mother. It may be that you have noticed jour n a look upon her face lately. . Of course it has not rbeen brought there by any actr ofyoursr still it is your duty to chase it away. I want you to and get breakfast: get up and when your mother comes and begins to express her surprise, go right up to her and ki3 her on the mouth. You can't imagine how it will brighten her dear face. Besides, youjwc her a kiss or two. Away back, when you were a little girl, slie kissed you when no one else was tempted by your fever:tainted breath and .swollen face- .- Y ou were not as. attractive then as you arenow. And through those years of childish sunshine and shadows she was always ready to cure, by the magic of a mother's kiss, the little, dirty, chubby hands whenever they were injured first skirmishes vith the r, care-wor- e . . ' E3IILY Scott. -- ing w 's " - . of the kneeling mother, the' attention of the: listening king, and the triumph of the second m-orn- , in-thos- e wliich" she routed so many bad dreams, as she simple-hearted-gir- Should you differ at times, yet be humble, And ready at once to forgive ; Set your wife an untarnished example, And live as you wish her to live. You ha Ye So help " So-faTrntl- east;' to-day- -- i which lies an infant, who is held in a recumbent position, in spite of m struggles, by a woman wearing a turban. A soldier in armor, and wearing a. helmet with a long red plume, JioUfc-fh- ft legs of thafaBtraiKTsrboTitrtTT cleave it in two with his falchion. Tho. -- A As honest with her as with others; Give credit for all that she earns tablerlikcraHrMrc 4hree-legge- d accl)rdInYThTlneasure-- : ment, you'are right. Now, according to scripture, we must judge a tree, by its fruits" men do not gather grape3 of thorns, nor figs of thistles." What are. your fruits? Do you show -- forth the fruits of the Spirit? (Gal. v.') A few It will not, if both can but cherish Sweet confidence, patience and trust," And guarding against selfish feelings, Be gen'rous as truly as just. .. first on . i. - -- to be. t a sacred subject ever taken from the ruins :of the buried cities, ha3 been discovered at Pom-peiA correspondent describing the picture, " says ; On a dais siu a king' holding a sceptre, and robed in white. On each side: pf him sits a councillor, and behind them soldiers under arms. The king js leaning over the front of. the dais toward a woman in a green robe, who kneels .before him with dishevelled "haip and outstretched, hands. . In the centre is a - 2d, You preach -- faith; repentance, and obedience to divine commands as lddawnin God's Holy Word. 7: 3d,. You have gone into all the world to " preach to every creature. . 4th, You have come "out from the world to be a " peculiar people." ftESURRECTION. "A beautiful" pHning,"said " m, . the-you- A villing-tQcalmly4nvesti- - J ART. " To-da- leaned above your restless pillow, have all been on interest these long, long years. Of course she is not so pretty and kissable as you are, but if you" had done your share of the work during the last ten year3 the contrast would not be so marked. Her face ha3 more, wrinkles than yours, far more; and yet if you were sick that face would appear more beautiful than an angel's as it hovered over you, watching every opportunity to minister to your comfort, and every one- of those wrinkles would seem to be -bright wavelets of sunshine chasing eFother over the dear face. She will leave you one of these days." These burdens, if not lifted from her shoulders, will break her down. Those rough, hard hands that have done so many necessary things for you, will bo crossed upon 1 her lifeless-breaips that gave you your first baby kls3, will be forever. - st -- Thoso-neglec- ted losedrand-thoersad,-tir opened in eternity, and then you'll appreciate your mother; but it will be too late. Centre ville (Md.) Jiecoi'd. It is the men who possess no real respect fr woman, no thought for her highest mental or moral developement that have al ways prated most about the necessity of ''protectinj7oman by hinderingiier7develop"menT tLrbugii legisIa-tive 'enactment..-- It is the men who look upon women with lustful eyes that fear her indepen-- " dent existence, either socially or politically, lest she be no longer a, dependent upon their unholy demands, IT. M. Gougar. 7 -- 