W OMA WmmtRm ifltion to climr to tlie things- of Goft ana walk in "the paths marked cut by the servants , of the Lord. Edifying remarks Avere aJso made by Sister.. Zina D. Young. and. Bishop., conference Robt. McQuarrie, 7 adjourned till 2 p. m. After m. 2 singing, and p. Thursday, prayer by Sister Zina D. Young, the meeting was addressed by Elder Orson li.Eggleston. Sister Ellen McBride, of Eden, eaid she had been absent for some time at St. George, where ghe had the. privilcge of laboring in the Temple L and administering for those who had passed , he : , - -- 1 i SisterSaj-ahf-Ricl- all on a great mission, bne Knew tins was the work of God, she knew it by the power of thirTfitrhe-kiv- e for the Lord has said He would have a tried people. She advised the Saints to continue to love each other and. to be humble and faithful lb7thOfi Sister Iligbee had been a member of the Church forty years, and knew that.it was the kingdom of God. This people are preparing the way for the second coming of Christ. She referred to many of the. tcaciringsof-the-lat- o President Brigham Young, and advised the - sister s to redn ce them to practice. Sister Sarah Knight made a few interesting-remar- ks on various subjects, and bore natron 2 and fervent testimony to the truthof the worl , of God. rJ. addressed the - - .. Sister Eliza R. Snow Smith conference in her usual instructive manner. . She spoke of the disasters that are taking place in the world, and the blessings which have at tended this people since they have been Jiving in these valleys. She spoke of the establishment, of a hospital at Salt Lake City, and -- showed theeedfucrrrai the benefits ofwhich the Saints can avail .themselves inr cases of rnecessity -' fault-findin- g, - - . YOUXO LADIE8. Friday, 10 a. m. After singing and prayer the Secretary read the reports, which "were ac-- cepted. ' ' Sister Richards addressed the meeting. She said 1 resident xlernck was absent on a visit in the East; she had'received a letter from her,-iwhich- she spoke pf the conference, . and prayed that the bleismgs of the Lord would Sister restupon all who Richards then reported th Second Ward. Reports wcro also given of the First and n took-part-i- n-ik Mrs. Elmina S, Taylor, President oC the --Young Ladies' Mutual Improvement Societies in the Territory, then addressed tlje mcetingf She was much pleased to meet with them in Conference, to hear the reports, and to see the" good spirit that was manifested by trie presidents ofJthe different wards, and the deep interest they evinced in the welfare of thesci-etic- a which they represented; felt glad that these; associations w UUU If v w mum,V CJ ' " - XXX Y DRIED FRUITS OF ALL : CUSSES WANTED. " WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DEALEIiS DRY GOOD3, HEAVY of thosT" i utiesMsipMtdlh;em'She" noke Of the, Deseret Hospital in Salt Lake City, gave an account of the - organization and read the circular which is now ready for distribution in the different Stakes of Zion. J3ister-E- . S. Taylor spoke lsooniliejm- provement of time and recommended the Hos pital to their faith and prayers' and works. IS GROCERIES, NOTIONS, SHELF HARDWARE, ' GLASS & QUEENS WARE, AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS, Etc. ' & Of Salt Lake City and ridnity will And the LARGEST and lifST SELECTED STOCK of -- B O OTS ;4SH O ES fci P P Also, foil and desirable Hues, beet brands ; " Olaildron's Pino liooo, the West. tST.Tour Ofdan arc SdictUd. , ooi n C . : : -- ELLEN P H Vs I G I A H " ' -- Sister Zina.D. Young spoko very earnestly to the young ladies upon cultivation of the beautiful in every thing, but hoped they would not imitatethe- - grosser, fashidns- - e world. She" referred to their influence u pon - their associates, the young men in particular with whom they could- - do far more in persuading them to do right than even their fathers and mothers and the Elders of Israel. She gave some very valuable hints about health and the proper care of our bodies. . In. the .Hospital young ladies would have an opportunity, if they wished, of learning to become good nurses and thus prevent much sickness. Sister E. R. Snow Smith was particularly pleased to see some young sisters, Presidents of the Y. L. M. I. A, rise in the morning to give their reports with babes in their arms. She did not feel it right that the young sisters, when married and raising a family, should excuse themselves from all other social duties. The care of the children i3 a mother's first duty, but it is riot all her duty, and no one needs the spiritual sustenance and strength imparted by these meetings more than young mothers. She exhorted the sisters to attend to Sister Ferguson's instructions and suggestions " about speaking and reading; would also urge upon them to learn to spell correctly. Good spelling was one of tne most important reqnis-itidn- s m education; without it good reading or writingwas impossible. Sister D. H. Perry, and Elder W. R. R. fetowell madesome remarks. Sister Josephine West cave" notice " of the Primary Conference. Sister E. S. Richards made a few remarks, and adjournedjtheCon ference for threeJmonths." : Singing, "Lord dismiss us," etc. Renediction by Sister. E. B. Ferguson. B. - PERGUSO, AHD :IS DR GE 0 IJ, OBse on Main Street, over Itardy Bros., Store. Special Study has been given to Sureery, Diseases ot Women and Diseases'pf the , . THROAT AND LUNGS NOSE, , of-th- . , -- . . ; 1Q L Xj'.'JEI. Gr 33 Q' Tg OT Home Made Trunk for Sale by JO UN C. CVTI.EB, Agent tor the PROVO WOOLEN MILLS. Old Constitatlon BaUdlng) ateo HOME MADR. -- Brown Yarns, tvoite xams, Colored Yarns, Caaalmers, Tweeds, Blankets, wrmen, Shawls, Ldmeys,:- Jeaos, Ooston Battlnjr, WoolBattkig,' Brooma, Washboards,: Brtahee, lOoEtc PALACE OF PA3inOXt No IT EAST TEMPLE ST Deahroi the Ladles of Salt Lake and those visiting the Cltn ,8bow Room and eee her New Stock of MILU JSllatir NEltY. The latest and most tylisb toodos of Hats and Bon-net- a, In Straw, tlt and Yernrt. : Also, a nice selection to". Flowere, Feathers, Plushes, Velret and Bibbons In the latest shades and stripes, Country Dealers, please Call. Ladles Ilalr Work In all Its branches. Quod Worh Guarantee! t , - F. AUERBAOH & BRO. -- BEMOVED TO THE1B HAVE IfflSTOBEJis. I24:4I26 CALL AND EZA1HNE SST Spring and Sninmer Ooods.ngal CTJ 2C ., DAVID ES, TINNER, CAS WATER STEAW FITTER. & vRt tne to RJ?MSEY,S celebrated LIFT and FORCE Pompa Repaired on short notice. Orders froiD country promptly responded to. ' gr- - Add, us, David Janet, PoxVSciilAkAi PDMPSv -- '-sL-- Fourth-Wardsrriain-Cit-WesFTV- Huntsville, Hot Springs, and Biverdale. r nt - industry and many other useful subjects. Sister Zina D. Young followed. She spoke ' duties of the of the Saints; cautioned them to look against grumbling and alter the household duties not to be selfish in the" things of God. She also advised the Saints to be cheerful, trust in God, and look to him for strength and guidance. After a few remarks from 'Bishop B. C. Critchelow, the general and take authorities of the Relief Society were presented and unanimously sustained : and con feren ce was adjourned Djwn)b Ibr CJent dotMn tod. Carpets, Ladfc - tod Children's fchoesT Dry Goods, ghawls and Domestics, Groceries, Hani-wa- re and Btovee. on to-fi-ll - weia2ato$LlieTtiIl in worshiping in the House of the Lord. : , awayrTherere-areat-- m alone in the Church; all her father' house ' - to i rnontlilyand anlx' of thef proper decorum !r3tieeting3, that should be observed by tne Saints, while -in the house of God; remmade few. excellent a Dr. Mrs. Ferguson arks-gave an interesting account of' her visit "..--; .to the East. remarks few After a closing by Sister E. S. Richards the meeting adjourned. .. 12 p. m. Sister Minnie Snow, President of Y. L, M. I. A., of Brigham City. We all have superior qualities and those that wc term weaknesses, and our daily life is a perpetual warfare between these; urged upon the young to which they were ladies every-positicalled. She said if they could be president of an "association" one month they would realize how hard it is for the officers to be always urging ana coaxing Uiq voung fcisters to ao those things which they know are right and J profitable. Dr. E. B. Ferguson expressed herself pleased to see so large an attendance and wished to emphasize the remarks of Sister Minnie Snow in reference to a prompt and, faithful fulfill-"me- - after-which-t- N' S EX P ONENT. A medical college for women has recently been established in Baltimore Md. Mrs. ROMANIA B. PRATT, MD. OFFICE IN GOD EE, PITTS i0,!110?!1"0 10 a m-- 1 6 & H. DINWOODEY, WnOLSaLS AXD RKIAIXi VZJLLX& IS F URN I T FEE, C03 BUILDING. P-- Residence, Twelfth :Mard,2dtfcouth5trefUbet.5tb and 6th East. . Special Attention given to Liseasea of the EYE7 lTARf N08E AND THROAT. OBSTETRICS AND DISEASES 03T ;.. 7577; &;7g,;F!rsirs SALT LAKE CITY'. ' , ; 