The Rights of the Women of: Zfafrand the Eights of the; Women of ail Nations; Vol. 11. SALT LAKE CITY, TJTjffi, DECEMBER 15, 1882. - may .make OUR OWN WITMUSTAID. . Can you call creatures human Who corner a romn To . 7 jaiz put her heart, at her husband's expense? " r Compassion and honor, i :.: Should pour down upon her, "Whosa silent fidelity form'd her offense. . ' Almost a mother! e And could not another 7' ibis day still brighter by smiling upon 11s, Hke the pleasant sunbeams. How eagerly, longingly we look forward to tne nappy day, and howhappily on Chnstm: eve we mingle together tb herald in the dear and holy day with bright land joyous thoughts. To banish or send her, : This harmless offender ! Blush for inch doings, all . men. true-hearte- d Why turn to past pages, Of dark, dismal ages, -.- : y When tho secrets of conscience, by torture were read 1 When judges and juries, .. . Relentless as furies, on the heretic's head. Wreak'd their sanctified wrath " It It rrogressireCV) condition, The grand (?) Inquisition Looms up, from the past, in Hii Oh! braye (?) generation, h- .o - call free. When incarceration What right has Jehovah, ' To topple things over, Or ask folks to walk la Ilia primitive ways? To alight the opinion 7 Of those in dominion, Or to set up His thronein republican days? 11 " Alas I how depraving, This "system enslaving" "What a pity," such women in Utah abound Whose So troubles tho nation; To help us they'd grind all our friends to the grofhd.' 'Tis certain we're humble, And ought not to grumble At those who are Iifting-uout of the shade; While His hard to resist them, We can't well assist them; For, when hunted and hated, our own we must aid. The price of a ransom : Was offered for Samson, 1 But It took false Delilah to give him away. We'll not emulate her, 'Tis not in our nature; "These strange" Mormon wives never stoop to betray. Success to our sister " On the heroines list, her . , ame Is recorded, and longmay it shine: n, s ' : And Angels defend her, And her conrage,and firmness descend to her line. It shall flourish In story . A permanent glory, ; -- And th' fact shall be sensed and approved by the just -That the daughters of ZIon, Will suffer and die, on 71 Their faith, ere they'll barter their friends or their trust. - - - Emilt Hijl Salt Lake City, Nov. SOth, 18S2. Woodmanseb. a . CHRISTMAS. .' 0, the merry, joyous Christmas times! the laughter, the music of the bells, the songs we How sweet to have sing, the stories we tell one day so free, from pain and care, so full of and 'Tis a time when we would gladness. joy forget all the past, save such bright scenes as 1 y ' -- .: g, -- There are various ways of spending Christmas, time, but all are gay, all are happy, and our own way, which ever it may be, is always best, for at such a time one would scorn the thought of discontent, envy, or any unpleasant thoughts, and each one vies with all others in making AziChristmas the merriest. How immeasurably sweet on Christmas eve to gather round the glowing hearth, and listen-t- o the stories told of the Christmas times of -long ago. And as we listen, it seems as though the - days - must have - bee- n- colder, the snow whiter, the frost on the window panes glistened in prettier, brighter forms, the children laughed "louder, the choirs sang sweeter, the maidens danced prettier, the fires glowed brighter and the heart beat lighter then than now. . Yes, grandpa, to you these things seem so, but for us are now' the Christmas days of your long ago. After the stories are told, after the songs are , sung, off to the downy beds the little ones go, where kind sleep touches the pillow and winds its maHtle round the little souls. Sweet sleep is there with its hallowed angel dreams- .Far out in the clear blue sky the silver moon stands forth in all her loveliness, and the bright . stars sparkle and glow and see themselves reflected in the. crystal of the pure white snow. The scene gleams like some enchanted fairyland, and as we gaze in to-t- he depths of its ourselves become we a part of mystic beauty, the ideal scene. From afar off appears a magnificent chariot, drawn by handsome, glossy reindeers, with, graceful horns and .no wing manes, gliding as it were in, a subdued and tranquil sea . As it approaches nearer, down in the recess of jthis magic chariot sits the ideal king. His long white beard sweeps the, floor; his face is so full of joy and light celestial that we fancy he is immortal. Round him rare: other beings bright and happy, but not so great they are his pages, and they bear. in their arms, burdens of peace and love. Swiftly they dash over the mountains, the meadows and plains, over the treetop3 and housetops they come, and now right above us the chariot stops," and the old and venerable king, wflh one of his iittle messengers, looks down upon our sleeping face3 and whispers "All is well ;" then quickly the messenger lays down" his burden, and empties its contents into the row of stock ings, from grandma's homespun, down to little baby's daintv one. Back to the chariot they ..fly, and out again into the frosty air' they ride, to another home wnere nttie ones wait as anxiously as we for the good Christmas king; then tol another and anothe?, till every little souTis - :-- - : s 1- ----- The fate of unorthodox people must be and-preciou- amusementr ntM hour of midnight, then a whispered "Merry Christmas," or "Christinas Gift," lilts from ear to ear, joined with gay laughter, joyous music, and the patter, clatter of the flying feet, all in time and all in tune, making a most happy .: . . satisfied. The mother: carefully, softly glides from couch to couch, and fondly kisses each little dreamer, then sweetly murmurs, JJall is well." Then from the safely loekedcloset she brings th ings each lit tie forth the pretty heart has wished for, and gently, happily fills Teach little stocking" by the chimney placed s thinking of the" happy, faces, the ' milingly beaming smiles, the rippling laughter that will greet her on the morrow. Oh, that Christmas times came dftener ! but rach?Do" stay;would we love them' the diamond more for its we not value the rareness than its brightness? If common, like dust, it would not seem so bright ; and so with Christ If every day mas, and. so with everything, were a merry-makinfeasting time, we would - tire of it and long for qiiiet andlonelinessand - ' never half appreciate our pleasure. s -- But the wisdom ot a higherBemghas sprin , where hang the gifts we have So long antic!-'- . pated, and there they dance and sing for very glee. Others seek the dance, or some like, thgilver-bdlrchimBTOut'thie- No. 14. kled and mingled the diamonds and dust, th light and darkness, the ioy and gladness, in such a way that all must acknowledge the happy light of every day' and the sorrowed gloom of every night. But if all the year round should, through misfortune or sorrow, be dark and sad as night, let Christmas day be the awakening of a beautiful morn, when the clouds turn their silver , lininglntoyourdarkened sky and shame the" shadows away, and reflect their delicate beauty till the hearts reflect" baelrthe ': light, and brighten the countenance with such smile3 as would rival the sunbeams. AXNIE. V" T ' on-yourhea- rts, -- SCENES AND INCIDENTS IN NAUVOO. 15 y : IIELEK MAR WHITNEY. The following is from a letter written meby my lather in lulnlmeut 01 promise : " Washington, June 9, 1844. "My Dear Daughter I told you of the' blessings that we have .received from our Father which i3 in Heaven, so be obedient to the counsel you have given to you from your dear father and mother, who seek your welfare both for time and eternity. There is no one that feels as we do for. you. Prove yourself approved of God and man , as a true, undeviat- .ing friend, through evil report as well as good, through poverty as well as riches. This has been the spirit I have endeavored to maintain -since I have been a member in the Church of Christ. I want my children to be true and. faithful in all things, and never swerve from the truth in any case. If you should be tempted, or have feelings in your heart, tell them to ncr one but your father and,lmother ; if you do, rou will be betrayed and exposed to your hurt. Remember, my dear child, what I -tell you, for you will find that I tell you the truth in Christ and lie no t. "You are blessed, but you know it not. You have done that which will be for your everlasting good for this world and that'which is to come. I will admit there :h not much pleasure in this world. Our circumstances are such that I see no way for it at present. Congress will not do anything for us, no nothing; neither do I care whether they do -- or not ; but we will tease them all the day long.-Th- ey think they have got a great deal of power, and all of this world is theirs to give or retain. . The devil thought he had all at his command when heiranted to, hiro Jesus to worship him. J 