W 0 M AN ' 8"" E X The sad event waa not only a severe bereavement to her husband, Elder Hyrum J. Watklns, bat also cast a deep gloom over the neighborhood, In this city where she wa9 raised. Sister Wat-kin- s was widely known and much beloved, and her early demise is deeply lamented. Deceased, a daughter of Elder John and Sister Mary Ann Ellis, was born In Ogden City, Utah, March 6th 1857, and was blessed when a babe according to the order of the: Church. She was baptized July the 5th 1866, July 25th 1875, was Being bora in the Church, e he was a firm believer in all its doctrines as taught by those who are called of God. She received a knowledge of the truth of this great work, and was fever ready to testify to it in the congregations of the Saints.On the 9th day of Sept. 1875,'she first spoke in a public meeting of the Y. Ij. M. I. A, Her words were few, but fervent. They were these, "I feel to rejoice in the goodness and mercy of God, and desire to live so as to gain the reward laid up for the faithful." She endured faithful to the end, and with her Infant son, "rests from her jabors and her works will follow her." She was married to Elder H. J. Watkins, April 30, 1879, m the House of the Lord. Bister Watkins was an active member of the Y.L. M. I. A., a faithful worker, and never she filled several official wearied in positions in the Association, as secretary, counselor to the president, Ac., the duties of which she diecbarged with honor and to the eatiefac-tlono- f all concerned. Sister Mary Ann has gone behind the veil. We mourn her loss, but we do not sorrow as those who have no hope. "Blessed are the dead who die in the Xiord," as she did, for her name is embalmed in the memory of the righteous, and will live through all generations to come. Her mother is President of the Second Ward Belief Society, in this City. Her father, Elder . John Ellis, is now on a mission preaching the Com. in Gospel England. Ogden City, February 15, 18.82. ed. - 1 well-doin- g Resolutions of Respect. On the death of Sister Sarah J. Segmiller. Adopted at a meeting of the Y. L. M. I. Association, Feb. 27, 1882. Whereas God, in His wisdom, has seen fit to call from our midst our much loved and worthy President, and, Whereas her labors in ou,r Atsociatlon have been faithfully performed, we feel that some proper recognition of her virtues be had among us, therefore, be it Resolved, that we, as members of the Y. L. M. I. A. deeply mourn the loss of so valuable and faithful a Resolved, that we emulate the worthy examples of her life, which Has one of purity, uprightness, and diligence in the performance of her duty. Resolved, that we condole with each other in this bereavement,and tender this token of respect and love to her relatives an.d friends in this affliction. Resolved, that our banner be draped in mourn, ing for thirty days, and that, we present a copy of these resolutions to her relatives and publish the same in the Woman's Exponent, and the Deseret News, and keep a copy of the same on our record. ! co-labor- er. Died at Hyde Park Cache Co., on the 18, of Feb. 1882, Sister Cecelia Maria Hansen wife of Peter Hansen, and daughter of Peter and Maria Thomson, bora April 16, 1856,Lendum, Jutland, Denmark. Sister Cecelia has been a good and faithful wo PON EN T. man, true to every principle of the Gospel. was a member of the Relief Society and ready to do good, she leaves msny friends sincerely mourn her loss and sympathize her bereaved husband and family. Hyde Park Mar. 3rd, 157 She ever who , with J. E. Molen. 1882. Died of old age, Feb. 6, 1882, at the residence of Mrs. S. M. Heywood, in this city, Sarah Very, in her 97th year. She was the widow of Johnathan Very, of Salem, Mass., and by him had one child, a daughter, who long since passed away; but she has two grandchildren living in Boston.. Deceased was the daughter of Sarah an J William Symonds, and was born in Salem, Mass., May 19, 1785. Slater Very was baptized into the Church of Jesua Christ of Latter-da- y Sain ta by .Elder Erastua Snow in the Spring of 1842, at Salem, and emigrated to Nauvoo the ensuing year; at the time of the exodus, left Nauvoo in care of Elder J. L. Heywood. She came to the valley with his family In 1848, and has ever since resided with Sy-raon- ds ; them. Sister Very has been for many years. unable to wait upon herself, and Mrs. Heywood and the children cared for her with all the tenderness and devotion it is possible to render to one we love. She was a woman of great strength of character and a faithful Saint of God, true to the principles of the Gospel and firm and steadfast in her faith, and has gone to rest in the full hope of a glorious resurrection. There are many Eastern people who knew her intimately, and speak of her with the greatest reverence. E. B. W. Died, in Salt Lake City, Feb. 22, 1882, Sarah Ann Needham, wife of Elder John ICeedhAm. Sister Needham was torn Dec. 8, 1825, at New-to-r, Lancashire, England, and emigrated to Niuvoo with the first company of Sahits who lift England. She endured the persecutions, and made a sacrifice of her home, in common with the people of God, when the Saints were driven from Nauvoo. Brother and Sister Need-hawere married in Nauvoo, theceremony being performed by Patriarch Hyrum Smith. Came to Utah with her husband in 1857, where she raised a family respected by all. She was First Counselor to the President of the Relief Society of the Eighth Ward from its first organization, and was an active and respected member of that Society. She was a dutiful wife, a loving mother, and a faithful Latter day Saint. m Testimoniai. Of respect and esteem to the memory of our loved sister, Sarah Ann Needham. we fe be- It has pleased God, our Heavenly Father, to release our sister from affliction and suffering, therefore, Resolved, That we, the Slater of the Relief Society of the 8th Ward, hive lost in her a kind and affectionate sister and true friend, and that we sincerely sympathize with her bereaved husband, children and family. Whereas, Afternoon session: The house was well filled with sisters, and there were also in attendance Pres. A. M. Cannon, his Coun. J. E. Taylor, and Elder Daniel Tyler of Beaver. The stand and the organ were draped with white, in honor of the decease of two most eminent women, Mrs. E. A. Whitney and Mrs. S. M. Heywood, and the Relief Society banner, was hung over the stand. It bears the date of the first organization in Nauvoo. The stand and platform were well rilled with officers of the organization and leading women. Sisters M. I. Horne, S. M. Kimball, Zina D. H. Young, each made brief remarks expressing their love for the dear departed sisters, and their appreciation of their pure lives and diligent laborsr: Sister Zinaalso related some incidents of her visit in the East. Mrs. E. B. Wells read Resolutions of respect to Mrs. E. A. Whitney and Mrs. S. M. Heywood. Mrs. Minerva W. Snow, President of Relief Society, St. George Stake and Mrs. M. J. Atwood President Relief Society, Summit Stake each made a few remarks, also Mrs. E. S.! Taylor. Mrs. Jlorne then introduced to the audience Mrs. E. P. W. Packard who occupied half an hour in speaking upon a bill to establish and protect the identity of married women, relating some incidents of her personal experience in confirmation of the necessity of such a law. Sister Helen Mar Whitney was nominated to act as Second Counselor to Sister M. I. Horne in the Relief Society of this Stake of Zion, in place of Sister S. M. Heywood deceased. The motion was carried unanimous, and the other officers of the board by vote of the meeting were sustained. Sister Whitney was blest and set apart Pres. A. M. Cannon officiating assisted by Coun. Joseph E. Taylor and Elder Daniel Tyler. Conference adjourned for three months. Singing, and Benediction by Pres. v Cannon. The Conference of the Prim of Salt Lake Stake was held in the 14th, Ward Assembly Rooms, Saturday morning, Feb. ll,ult. Mrs. Ellen C.S. Clawson, presiding, the attendance was very large indeed many having , to stand during the whole time. At intervals during the reading of the reports, the children rendered some hymns in a very creditable manner. Jlemarks were made by Mrs. Zina D. H. Young, Mrs. Zina Y, Williams, Mrs. Louie Felt and Mrs. Clawson. In the afternoon the Conference of the Y.L. M. I. A., convened Mrs. Mary A. B. Freeze presiding. After the reading of the minutes and reports, interesting addresses were delivered by Mesdames Young, Williams, Conrad, Home and Freeze, also. Miss Mattie Horne. susOfficers of Salt Lake Y. L. M. I. A., tained and the Conference adjourned for three E. B. W. months. E. G. Barney. INTERESTING CONFERENCE. Both Senators and six of the eleven Repres entatives of Congress from Massachusetts are in favor of suffrage lor women. Nine of the thirteen Indiana Representatives in Congress are openly pledged to support man suffrage. wo- anniversary of the birth of the poet Longfellow was very generally and heartily commemorated on the 27th of February by the schools throughout the country, The seventy-fift- h - Semi Annual Relief Society Conference of S. L. Stake of Zion held in the 14th, Ward Assembly Rooms in this City,Priday March, 10th, Mrs. M. I. Home presiding. The mornConing was occupied with minutes of previous ference and reports from the, several branches, ana some general instruction from president , Home. In London 700 female clerks are employed at the central telegraph station jit St. Martina-le-Gran- d, while at the other metropolitan post .and telegraph offices there are 450 more, making a total of nearly 1,200 women employed in the post and telegraph offices of the metropolis alone, without counting the largo number engaged throughout the country. 