or claims so" has' Congress. We will go where wo can find a home, and worship God in . His own way, and enjoy our rights as free citizens; and this will ' not be long. Now, my daughter, I have spok-c- u plainly to you, more so than I ever did before. Be wise, and you shall prosper in" al 1 things, and you shall lack' lor nothing that -- is good. Bejrue to the covenants that you hjiYe. made, keep the company ef ' those who" are wise and - Keep close mouths. Solomon says, 'A wise head keeps a close' mouth." .;: Do not slight your friends, be kind, be merciful, be gen tie, be sober, and show y ourself approved of God and of your friends. Be kind toyour dear mother-- , take, burthens off" from her shoulders ; be mild "and pleasant to all. This is the way to get the good will even of a lo2, for every spirit will be?et its own likeness. '"Now, Helen, let me tell you one thing that ... I want you to do ; take one or my large blank books and commence vour. life back as far as ou can, history can put vour3 in with it. 1 want William to do the same. Do not forget this then you can put all the letters that I write you in their . J 1 1 1 proper pi aces, w do nanaea aown to our cnil- '.-dren for them to read. will be three weeks since !l"It L . , 1 A. lett my sweet home. U sweet home! it is a He Bad violated all- - rights " i adhljmte " my-gene- ral . 1 A '. . . w, . : heaven to me. " - ' "The Capitol stands on an eminence, like our Temple. This i building is a great deal larger than our Temple will be. The stone of which it is built is a little whiter color than that of the Temple. It is surrounded with a large park, decorated with trees of all kinds and flowers, with several pools of pure water, wih fish in them. It looks like a paradise in point of decoration. 0 that we had such a ! flace we will when, we build up a sure placer to see onr Prophet here in the chair of state then we would come to see him. Elder Hyde came here on Saturday, and we held a meeting yesterday. . Elder Wight and myself nreafihed. and if. left n cnnrl "imnrpquinTi on their minds. I think we shall leave here for Delaware, and hold a Conference. If you can get the means, come with your mother, but do nothing to hinder her coming ; you shall have your chance ia turn. Be wise, and when you get this do not fail to write me ' 1 to-morr- i . . i W V 1 May the 'Lord bless you and your dear mother and ; brethren. As ever your, af-lectionate father, good girl ; A letter commenced by my mother' June 7, .1 j1 J inar, il i iflrnpr nnnxrA wrnrp Trip nay describes the scenes that were transpiring in Nauvoo. She says : . , - "Nauvoo was never so lonesome since we lived here as it is now. I went to meeting last bundav far the first time smro (Vm&rennp T should have turned and come home on foot if , t Lilts ftHiiiH lt--- 1 a 1 had not been afraid it wouldrmake I"VT.T1 " . me sick Aienner josepn, nyrum, nor any oi tne xwelve were there, and you may be assured that I wa3 clad when meeting was over. Brother Joseph" Icinri tn mo Vnhw?n( tVat T om Nobles . i n not able to walk, he has invited me to ride with his folks several times. Yesterday he took his r-- r , ia-YPr- ' . v down to HihharrTs-AtjTw- K He took us to see Sarah (my father's wife). "ecu 4uite BicK. urgea ner to come home with me, but she said she would rather wait till she felt better; I expect her this week. wifeand-m- e i "The weather- " uvu wiu uuu ntVi said he'd Bishop Whitney called in been talking with Dr. Bernhisel he thought the Quorum had better mppt nr( rraw AVI Ya fa KUU J t ram to be stayed, or we would all be sick. "June 11th. Nauvoo was a scene of excitement last night Some hundreds of the brethren turned out and burned the printing presi of tbe opposite party. This was dona by to-da- y; A --- v V. order of the City Council. They had only " published one paper (Nauvoo Expositor) which is considered a public nuisance. They have sworn "vengeance, and ' no doubt they will -- have it. ' ' : "June 24th. r 4My Dear Husband. Since I commenced , and exciting: indeed hay this letter-Tari-eii bcen'the scenes m this city 1 would have: sent this to "you before this time, but I have been thrown into such "confusion I know not what to write. ' Nor is this all; the mails do not come regularly, having been stopped by high water or the flood of mobocracy which pervades the country. I have received no letter by mail from -- you since you left. " I'know" your anxiety to near irom us must Derery great, as you will no doubt hear of our trouble by report. Nothing is to be heard of" but mobs collecting on every side. The Laws and Jbosters and most of the dissenting party, with their families, left here a day or two since..They- i are swornto "have Joseph and the City Coun- cil, or to exterminate us ail. Between three and four thousand brethren have been .under" arms ' here the past week, expecting every day the mob would come upon U3. The brethren - from the country are coming in to aid in, the, - defense of our city. Brother Joseph sent a the to Governor, signifying if he and message his staff would come into the city he would abide their decision; but instead of the Governor: comin? here, he went to Carthage, and there walked arm in arm with Law and Foster, until we have reason to fear he has caught their spirit. He sent thirty "men here Saybe-for- e yesterday to arrest Brother Joseph, with an abusive;-letter, saying, if thirty men cannot do the , business .thousands - can ordering the brethren who had been ordered - out to defend the city against the mob to deliver up their arms to their men and then disperse. .Yester-da- y morning (although it was Sunday) was a time of great excitemen t. Joseph hadfled and left word for the brethren to hangonTto their arm3 and defend themselves as best they could. Some were dreadfully tried in their faith to think Joseph should leave them in the " hour of danger. Hundreds have left the city most of the merchants on the hill have left.. I Have not felt frightened, neither has my -- heart sunk within me till yesterday, when I heard Joseph had sent word back for his family to follow him, and Brother Whitney's family were packing up, not knowing but they would have to go, as he is one of the City Council. For a while I felt sad enough, but did not let anybody know it, neither did I shed any tears. I felt a confidence in the Lord that He would preserve us from the ravages of our enemies. We expected them here y by tl;e thoubefore but sands, night yesterday things put on a - different aspect Joseph, returned and gave himself-u- p for trial. He sent a messenger to to tell the Governor he would meet Carthage him and his staff at the big mound at eight o'clock this morning, with all that the writ demanded. They have just passed here to meet tthe Governor for that purpose. My heart said, Lord, bles3 those dear men and preserve them from those that thirst for their blood. What wilLbe-their-fatethe Lord -- only knowsbut 1 trusty He'll spare them. The Governor wrote - that if they did not give themselves up, our city was suspended upon so many kegs of powder, and it needed only one spark to touch them off. . If you were here you would be sure to be in their midst, which would increase my anxiety. "Now, I must tell you the fluctuation of my mind about going to meet you. Brother Adams told me a week ago that he, having been detained so long here, had concluded to take his wife with him; Baid if Helen and . I would go with them he would agree to take us to you; he had no money, but hr was acquainted with the captains of the different ZV--.- -- , -- -- -- to-da- , -j- -- " boats, and could go toCincinnatti without money there he could get.what He calculated then to bo here lait Friday and when we were to start rn tay till the Ospry. I saw no prospect of going unW x look up wun nis oner, l asked mmel nf he-want- ed ' w, ' tilit t6vinikin cr- - read v wif l, m 0n But was it bethree possible'speed. only days fore I heard they were going to write for all the Twelve to come immediately home: I saw Joseph passing by, and went out and asked him if it was so. He said, yes; there was a prospect of trouble, and said you were wanted wi--s m' . i it a ? : here, and you would want to be here. Ho also : said vou had "promised to return immediate and fetch him some money. I felt so disap- 1 J J iV- -i T 11 IT puimeu iDai, x couiu not neip sneaaing a lew tears over it. Brother Willard Richards soon came along and told me to cheer up, that he" did not apprehend any danger; said, "hold on -- 1 A a jwdays,-- w -- : shalnot:miteT5iiife"yet"aTanv wot. courage again, only to meet another disappointment. He called Fridar and told me he had iust dispatched a messen-'ge- r with letters to all the Twelve to come immediately and fetch all the force with" them . that they could raise. This messenger was to take the first boat and go to St. Louis before he mailed them, as it is of no use to mail them here. I knew nothing to the contrary till Saturday evening, when Brother Adams told me that all was counteracted and they had concluded not to send for you, and said" Perhaps we shall go yet." That is the last that Fve seen of him. He preached here yesterday and started for home last evening. I understand he has been appointed for another mission. So i seenq prospect ol goingastat presents T can only say, may the Lord God bless and preserve us all to meet again. I believe He - will. The "children all send love and good wishes to their dear father. Justin Johnson will take this over the river and mail it for me, so I will bid you farewell. ruie. -- , . - 1 Vilate Kimball." To be Continued. ' ' . ' . ... Miss Emma Worthingtbn of . . 1 El Paso, Cala. , has been appointed a notary public. Mrs. Emily J. Fifield has been nominated by the Boston Democrats for School Committee. A National Society for the advocacy of Woman Suffrage has been established in Paris. All the doors that lead inward to the secret place of the Most High are doors outward-- out of self, out of smallnes3, out of wrong. George MacDonatd. . - Old age i3 the night of life, as night is the old age of the day. Still, night is full of magnificence; and for many it is more brilliant than the Swetckine. day,--3m- e. " ' Kind words produce their own" image in men's souls, and a beautiful image it isrThey soothe and comfort the hearer. They shame him out of his unkind feelings. We have not yet begun to use them in they ought to be The Beautiful. Whatever is beautiful is refininc. : Whether in nature or in art, the presence of the beautiful softens and purifies. But let no young lady fall into the blunder of Kiinnosinc that only that which is expensive can ever be beautiful. It is labor, care, skill, such-abund- ana used.-jMowc- a(. -- an artistic eye, and a refine taste that beautify. Whether in home or in dress, in speech or in manners, money is not the main thing which provides the beautiful The dowdy apparel of far many a slattern has cost more money, byindithan the neat and beautiful garb of her gent but orderly neighbor. -- 