Xv cs lie-- ssHi a. . rralr:? :c tike i;-5- .. Lawrenc s &A4 . . wh'sBted-- r his tender Prphtll towards the artlicred. could not rest --- tat id oc.-- v. 7 eJM1 aiur mpthJes i Jc??h though - it .Fs:ikr' tcok: f?r re wii the Prophet "p,"f .."Eva :them," and" got-starte- me home when it commenced rs:nin-r- f t . - ht ""V . aeup ly ."co'ueg -- . "Maid of Iowa." I was also invited to go along. As we drove up the river a Steamer wa3 just landing, and a number of strange gentlemen came ashore,- - who seemed to have quite a curiosity to see the Prophet. He got out, and in his warm and genial way, gave each of themji cordial shake of the hand; As "the carriage was about starting away, one of them came up and, after being introduced by President- - Smith"," requested the privilege of riding. After going a few rods the carriage was stopped for him to get out. He wished to have it to say that he had rode with Joseph Smith, whom - th ey styled the "American Mahomet.""" j Our babe being verpsick prevented my parents from going and I went with my brother. It was a lovely June morning, and animated with thojovely airs, played by William PittV ; Bras band, every heart was made glad, and -looked and every thing bright hopeful for the excursionists, as we started on the little Steamer beund for Quincy. . We bad a most enjovable trip down, took dinner, with others, at the'bouse of the widow" of Dr. F. G. Williams and his son Ezra, who were old Kirtland friends. Joseph and his wife Emma, and a score of his old, as well as young, friends were made welcome by others in that city. But on our return trip, a heavy thunder storm earner up, and Judge Elias -Higbee being taken very ill we were obliged to stop over-nigat Kcokirk. The cabin was small and the Judge being so sick the majority stayed on deck, where we sat all night; -- umbrellas being our only protection from the storm. The heat had been very exbeating cessive and being thinly clad, many were made sick; and. I was among that number. Judge Higbee continued to grow worse, and only lived a few days aftetbis return home. o - , :previoualo'Jt3--being-purchasedtHwa3call- ed . M y--v! At lyprayeT"! s lutssionrwith honor, and be 'returned to bur kf.mbraccs.- -. , and a piece of Hrx be and shall well." His counsel bread, you . was strictly adhered to, and the result was precisely as he had predicted. Before leaving us to go East my father gave to his children (six in number) their - Patriarchal blessing, brother William Clayton acting a3 scribe. Father"was very janxiqus ' that mother should go with him and spend a little time with their relatives; but she could" hardly make upjber mjndj "accompanied him a3 far as Quincy. IIe wrote" three or four letters while on rr his wav to Pitts- burg, and a few extracts from their correspond faj-?s- put tiie umbrella over ce,. and told me to liold it dosehvover mysslf and not mind kirn. Ths thunder and Iiprtning were terrific and tii e wind blew and tnV rain poured in perfect sir torrents, there was nohonse and, not-ev- en -was really tKyta"elte'--un(ier.::He and as it was about fast drove as si5 frightened We soon rpoiblrrrthehobed"rqnr'," "Win reached Brother Chester's house, which was near the outskirts of the town, but not before our ciomszwer arenened-inrougur-- "r ainer gave me into the charge cfr Sister Winchester who gave me something warming, and I was I soon clad in some dry clothing, as well as him- dfLjjMinamed theretxix the storm was over and when we. went hnmethernjida werp washed ' smootlr and we folmcTtmit a heavy freshet had passed over the lower part of the City. My father's prayers and faith prevailed in my behalf, for I never felt the least bad effect from the exposure, which was truly miraculous. This true story may prove, not only a warning but a to our young friends, who may chance to read it. There is another little incident which I had missed jotting down in the right place. It wa3 near the first of June 1843, just previous to my father's : starting "East, that the Prophet called and invited him to ride with him and William Clayton, his private clerk, as he wa3 going around to give invitations to his friend, to take a pleasure trip with him down to Quincy in the " little "Nauvoo" boat which, faith-promot- er thitht,.iaU-thm,,luruia7t- Xtrroinon uf d- - ho' second he called at ou r house. to be given me sam: u'Stf-ftvtvtu'a- sKiy. - - ri. and H' jjnnistej! day ailter ourret urn , we could :"s?si back before is would rain; bus'- we had barvlr C- move lUntil he got more instruction Ha rail 'ffioon U ro and tend -- 4u4a-Qtttt- SHSXEiSHciwXws; - until he wens around and informed himself , of thexoiLaiuon et 'each one who had lwrapantedi icrue, who had:;' I told him that these were opiwrtunity, sacred thing;, and ho had better not make a : be ofcintertojheretei jenceL.may ;The following" was written by my mother, and directedo PhilaelphiarasTie -- was to have been there, but unexpectedly he was detained, in Pittsburg. This was dated "June 27th,1843. I received your My dear companion:- and parcel sent - by Brother precious letter, ' " Smith. Gladly do I retire from the busy cares of life to spend a few moments in If I talking to you in this silent way. coulchbut see you for a few moments, how much easier I could unbosom my feelings, but yet I am thankful that we have this privilege of conveying our thoughts to each other. I -- have read over, and my your letter; over-an- d eyes have been almost blinded with tears the leelings exp ressed therein are worth more to me than worlds would be without them: for nothing could -- make - me happy without vour' favor. It is oneweek-las- tSunday since I" closed a letter to you. Brother Brigham then - There expected to start the next- - day. are many changing scenes one moment our bosoms may beat high with anticipation, and the next be thrown into confusion. At present there is great excitement in the city: x Brigham told me this morning that he did not much expect to go; t said Joseph had sent word to him not to go any way until he saw him'.. I am thankful that you got away before the fuss. I feel as though you were more safe than you would be here. Oh that I could be with you! I sometimes feel as though I had been foolish and would never let another such an opportuI should nity pass without going with you. not wish to go, unless I could go with you clear to the sea shore; but I need not talk abont it now, for there is no telling where bur lot will be cast next, things look rather gloomy here at present, but I believe good will come out of. will-n- ot evil.- -I "attempt to tell you about" Joseph's arrest, as Brother Hadlock, the bearer of this letter, can tell you all about it. Since writing the; above, I have had a visit from brother parley P. Pratt and his wife. 7 They are truly converted. It appears that Jpseph has taught him the principle and told him his privilege, and even appointed one (a wife forhim. She has been to me for counsel. I told her I did not wish to advise in such matters. Sister Pxatttold-me that she-h- ad been railing against these things until within a few days past, she said the Lord had shown her that Jt was and wants Parley to go ahead, says she will do all to help him. They asked me on many questions principle. I .told them I did not know much, I'd rather they would zo to those.that had authority to teach. Parley said he and Joseph wereinterrupted before he stmction he had wanted, and now not know when be should have an -- . . all-righ- . 1 ttzmM$4$t tg$?'& jfyntriiWii' it troy this asisoon iiroaidlnotCdwV 'eend ZlnistifeIZgoafevz should everf - go " I will write again by : -- him.-;- T Your aflectionate wife. Vilate -- am a? - rr'-T-- Kimball."- - " muclifrom smoke from burning coal m that place; after JmYingA-very-severe-attackfnfluenzaZan- cholera-morbu- ar which had reduced him so low s, that he was hardly able to sit up, and could only write a few lines at a time. He wrote, "The Saints have been very good and kind. Th e people here are - mostly! D utch and Irish ; but very few have come out to hear us preach, as Elder Vage has whipt the Sects so, in his preaching,, they will not come out to hear. J do. wish the Eldera would stop it and take a mild course, and preach the Gospel as they ..have been commanded of the Lord, and ad-vised by Brother Joseph and the Twelve. I shall leave next week if Brigham cbmes7 I want to go ahead and do what we can in to get through before cold weather xomeson.- I have heard Brother Joseph is again clear from his . enemies. I wish they could let.him alone. It seems sometimes as though I could not be absenrfrom ray friends and those I so dearly love, but this will not do. I must labor for my Father in order that he may provide a home not made with hands, but eternal in For this I am willing to the heavens. suffer privation, and to wear "myself out, and today down my life, should it be necessary to do so. - My mind has been very fruitful in the things of God, most of the time since I left you in Quincy, till I was taken sick. My whole souHsJBound jupln the cause of Christ, ; and my prayer i3 daily that I may be a savior of men and a comfort to the human family; but I see, when I have dono the best Lean, that I am a poor imperfect creature. I wish-th- at I had more wisdom, more light, more paitence and more religion, and every thing 7 that is good and calculated to make my friends ." happy, both: in time and in eternityr O, that little babe, kiss him for me, and the rest of our dear children, and tell them to write me how they get along. I want you to read this to Sarah and Sister Billings, who L hold as one of my bosom friends. A friend in these days is moro precious than gold, and I esteem her as a mother in Israel, and she has my prayers and blessing. We are in a critical place but be of good cheer, my dear -- I esteem, you as suchjn-6I?lX- senso ..of the"word,"and may the Lord bless you with peace forever and ever, amen. To be Continued. , friends, for er Sff - - This is another-- proof that the Propbet Joseph revealed the plural wife system. The following I gather from the second., letter written by my father from Pittsburg. '"ZZL The first was - written to " me, which has been This one-wa- s to my mother, and published was dated J uly 15th. He wrote that he and " " brethren had been there a fortnight, waitiny fofTresident B. Young, who they were look- ing anxiously for. lie continued to suffer t, - '- byZmailTbuVj' -' day, the Morgan County pauand voted e pers were taken from the m a bodv. Yet not an intelligent or a farmer s woman, not a lady school-teacheMorwife would be trusted to cast a baUot m: ol the gan county, Ind. Is this a government people ?(?ur Herald. Last election poor-hous- tax-pay- r, m 4- . - 