The Bights of the Womon of Vol. AFTER THE SAD NEWS. No! little one. Nol love; not now, not no-v- the'-tim- ! lacJi-Yery-illy- ht tbo air, The sky is dark, oppressiYe-seemshadows With melancholy everywhere;-JLnd sadness breathes in all the sounds of Spring; And mamma's yolcer would break sho cannot 'sing! ' "Why docs poor grandma bend her head 60 low?" IIu A! darling,' don't disturb her "Sleeping?" No! Grandma is weary, and she bows her head In sorrow, for dear grandpapa id dead I Yea, that same grandpa who, a month Bade us goodbye, and started, on his .way, Soon to return; and now, how strangejt jcems, And dark as though our lives were troubled dreams? Oh! can it he, that bo will cams no more, To cheer and bless hs, as so oft before! Half chiding thus, my cherub's restless mood, "Watching my mother, pal and grief subdued, My own heart burdened with its weight of cares, GraEps Lee's next words "I have not said my prayers! ' . Happy reminder! When in Jes,us' name, The Holy Comforter's blest aid wo claim," :t The memory of his death and sufferings, Takes from bur sorrows all their keenest stings; ' ..We 'Heel, with Tictory In Tieir, I That wo and coirs shall live and triumph too. -- " to-da- y, . Mb-grea- t Lux A. A JREPKESENTATIVE. WOMAN. HOIiHEr -- MARY-I8ABELLA Continued. hardships .through which Mrs. Home passed during the persecutions and: drivings of the Saints; but merely to state a few facts that the world may be informed in regard to the afflictions and patient endurance of those who were the sufferers from mobs and drivings in the early days of the church. , To tell it jail would be a task for more than mortal, only the angels who watched over and guarded the people then, could do that. In the month of August of 1838, before Mrs. Home had fairly recovered from her recent illness, and while her babe was less than a month old, she removed with her family to Far West, where tha largest body of the Saints were located; and from the exposure took chills and Jeyer, which prostrated her for some time. At one time on the route, they stopped at night on a prairie where they could neither obtain wood or water, and were tormented with mosquitoes beyond endurance; Mrs. Home was compelled to keep a handkerchief waving all night over ''herself and children, and the horses were so restless ' on acennnt rf hpinc hiftn W insects, that in thexniddle of4ho nightrMr;r Home was obliged to harness them and pro-- : ; ceed on the journey in the dark. It was 8 o'clock in the morning before they reached water, and then it made them so sick that they wereobliged to discontinue the journey- for the ,da, When- - they .arrived at.Far West taey could find no suitable place to live in.. but were obli ced to mtO n. ln,v,.,.-- . rrr,M, out doors of windows; at was built on blocks of ooa and was so high from the ground that , . . -- - -- "o and,-themedic- - al HorneVwnrhealt -and - and nnTriety were very jj'reat.. On.thftHU.hnf.. July 1840, another son was born, to them. They named him:, William. Joseph In the Fall Mrs. Horno visited Nauvoo, meeting there with many of her old friends and acquaintances, who, also, had passed through the trials and persecutions in Missouri. The next year, 1841, Mr. and Mrs. Home went to - ; . a woman to administer to the sick, uttho Lord blessed the administration "and manifes ted his power, in behalf of the; child, and she speedily recovered. It was about this time that the excitement in Missouri raged, aud the 1 Nauvoo to the celebration of the 4th of July: - Returning home they encountered in tho night persecution was at its height. . Sirs. Horno was left much alone nights, as well as days, a most terrific storm of thunder and lightning, -- with the darkness was intense except when the vivid her little ones, her husband being deflashes of lightning illumined the surroundings. tained o guard; she knew not at what moment : the mob would break in and They had no covers to the wagons, or protecdestroy them all. ! T5ut in all these trying scenes she never fal- tion from the storm, and were thu3 exposed to - the . tered, or feared, but tnisted in God for deliverrain, which fell in : torrents, and they were ' ance. drenched through and through. The exposure , The .mob threatened .women and children was too great and Mrs. Home and babo were -- with all both taken sick. Again, she says, "we employed sorts of dreadful things, and injmany instances carried their inhuman threats into a doctor, at the ' earnest solicitations of our execution. They wanted to get possession of friends;" but the baby died on the 20th (lay of the Prophet and the leaders of the people, as July. The mother felt so grieved that tho Lord ; islic would never employ the Jews, did of Jesus and the Apostles; and another doctor to please anybody, but would they hunted oseph-down pretext ,tiponone exercise faith in the ordinances of the Church, and another, until they accomplished their and leave the result with Him. This covenant wicked design . - Mrs. Home says; "I shall never she has faithfully kept up to the present time. forget the night when- our Prophet and his" ; brethren. were taken to the enemy's camp. If all the fiends of the lower regions had been let COMMENTS. loose they eouli not have made n more hideous noise than was madebyth8inob that night. BY ONE: WHO KNOWS. were . and our They clamoring exulting over brethren during tho whole night. The next An article headed "The orih- of" Mbr-- : while I was standing in the door of the day, monism," read by Mrs. Dr. Horace Eaton, of mob several the rode of and house,: said, up Palmyra, N. Y., who. says she has resided in e," 'Bid your prophet-good-byfor you will not that place for the last thirty years, speaks not see him again until 'you see him in hades,' from what she knows, but from what she has but not using so mild a word. Tho Saints sorheard against the Prophet Joseph Smith, and rowed and mourned for him, and tho Lord family. She says, "They went out from us, him delivered out of their hands." but they were not of us. The deceived were eventually .. Mrs. Home soon after removed with her huselsewhere." husband and family, and the family of her Now if Mrs. Dr. Horace Eaton was. ever - familiar-- wi ththc Holy ScnptiiresshcTniist" band's father, to Plattsburg, about twenty miles from Far West, where they spent the winter; have forgotten this passage, "A man is not ten in number in one room. Mrs. Home was without honor except in his own country," and the Lord said, "I will take one from a house sjck with chills and fever and her life despaired and two from a city," etc. of her babe too was afflicted with erysipelas, Lord the them healed them and brought but Having been born in the State of New York safe through all these trying scenes. In the myself, and connected with the Church of Latter-day Saints from the beginning, and acquainSpring of 1839 Mrs. Home and family left ted with. the mother of the Prophet from my the state of Missouri a3 exiles," and sought an childhood up,T am able to testify, from actual asylum in Illinois, and arrived in Quincy, on the Mississippi 'River, in the early part of May. knowledge, (which statement ought to be d they- - found peace nd-rest-' on), that "this woman spsaks falsely against JHere,. for- tho Prophet Joseph Smith and his parents, and from their oppressors. Mrs. Home assisted her hundreds are still living who are able to testify husband in supporting the family, by taking that they were among the noblest and most in fine sewing. She has ever been ajielpmeet choice specimens of God's handiwork; and the in very deed, and her hands arc never idle. inventors of such wicked, malicious and Man v of the beautiful sayings of Solomon in : -- : - -- - : -- she-prom- -J- . " - It is not anticipated that in this brief narrative one can describe alLthe trying scenea and -- T Juin and, notwithstanding the, careful1 nursing attendance of Dr. Williams, a well known physician there, " the eldest little girl died' on the 20th of November 1839. Mrs. -- s all Nations, ri iact it seemed impossible for her to cet.l)etter. 'J 'he mother of the Prophet, Mrs. Lucy Smith, cameand blessed the child, and said she should live. This was something new in that age, for without a, pong, sleeps so can 'And yon, my precious Lee, ere long. Sweet-"Willi- of. No. 2. . Let mamma's nand lay gently on your brow, .XAnd nestle yxur soft arlajagiiast my eheekr ; 80 rest, and do not m6voaDout nor Bpeak: to-nig- and the Eights of the Women thc sheep would lie under the building bleat- an nignt, wnicn was a very, great annoy- ance. In this miserable log cabin Mrs. Horno e lived during of the- persecutions of Saints. J Here Her eldest .daughter was rpi thcI May 12thr1882r ' . Liycn SALT 11. Zion,-- -- - . -- ' - , r'e-Iie- a-ti- -a- me, " . chapter of Proverbsjtiight lrbe appheato her: 'She looketh well to the ways of her honse- hold and eateth not the bread of idleness. . "Her children arise up, and call her blessed: he and her husband also, praiseth her." ' "Her husband "is "known in the gates, when he sitteth among theelders of the land." J?iiesewordi are truly, applicable to Mrs. Home for she has labored diligently in her own household aha her family have profited " by her teaching and example. the thirty-firs- t "that they know not what they do!" We could with quite as much truth and propriety say that the mother ot the late President uariield, . because she was -- poor, was ignorant and dishonest, moved in the lowest walks of life; and "that "an evUspirit Fad inspired both "mother and son:" it would be as true in. this case as the other; to work as they had to. for years, endur ing many hardships and privations; and that he. was taught to restrain the instincts of childhood, impressing this idea upoa the boy that ised X 