WOMAN'S EXPONENT. and "LOVE LIGHTENS LABOR." and pre-conceiv- nil the wood wet as wet could be; There were puddings and pies to bake, besides A loaf of cako for tea. And tho day was hot, and ber aching head Throbbed wearily as she said, 4If maidens but knew what good wires know They would bo in no haste to wed V "Was '"Jennie, what do you think I told lien Brown V Called the farmer from the well; And a flash crept up to his bronzed brow, As his eye half bashfully fell. It was this,' he said, and coming near, lie smiled and stooping down , Kissed her cheek "Tw as this; that yon were tho best And dearest wife In the town !' nil called off to sea ! in a breath, 'Tom Wood has run wouldn't, I know, if he onlyhad As happy a home as wo.' The night came down, and the good wife smiled To herself as she softly said, "Tlsso sweet to labor for those we love, It's not strange that maidens will wed !' " Fie - Selected. A CHARACTER. You have asked me, ray sister, to write your character, and 1 would be pleased to respond, but I realize it is a complex one, and your chequered life has left its indelible impress upon you, unavoidably, and made some points still there is much transparency in your character, and to one you esteem- and apchild-like- . preciate, you are open and You havo given me some outlines of your former life, of the grandeur and the great onc3, even royalty itself, among whom you at times mingled, yet these never brought you happiness, but were a burden you were compelled to endure. Your married life was not a happy one; though you had beautiful children, but you sighed for a congenial spirit, and had not found it; so you passed mechanically, as it were, through that stage of life, surrounded by grandeur and exciting admiration, but happiness was not mingled in that gilded cup. Time rolled on in its noiseless tread, and you became a widow; and with, that comparative poverty and a change ot cireumsiances, and position altogether different to any part of your former life; but you were free, and that was an atmosphere in which you had never before moved; and you sat dotvn quietly to feel and realize the influence it threw around you ! Still you yearned for a higher life, in which your spirit could be clothed and .fed. You were sick of the world and all its hollowness, it bad held a gilded cup to your lips but the draught was merely sweetened water; at this identical time unde-finabl- c; - -- a Mormon Elder crossed .your path, you heard him . with pleasure, you drew in your breath cauld he speak truth ? It sounded too good to be true; had you found the panacea for the sorrow of your past life ? All he said suited your case so exactly; youheardjou listened,you meditated . so, as I - ana you have entered upon an entirely study to apply the words of the wise man.. 'Know thyself," cultivato and nourish the good and noble qualities, rebuke and reject Look beyond your now circumscribed; new-life- , the-evil- circle, recall -- . your noble progenitors, your Father! see him waiting watching in the spirit world, tho movements of his Josephine, his highly favored child ! he exults over you, for he knows, if you remain faithful, you will stand as queen of your tribe and nation; and this can only be gained by faithfulness by and trial, and endurance. You arc capable to attain all this the material is in you, brook not a defeat! Walk softly, walk cautiously, tread every petty passion beneath youa feet let nothing have power to hold you back; take life as you find it.and try to make the best of it. Our probation here is often one of trials; but the less we dwell upon them the lighter they will appear. If we recall our childhood, our school days our'early married life, we shall remember we had all we then knew how to bear- - now we smile at them, and wonder that we could be so tried by such trifles; we havo moved up in the scale of progression, our knowledge and wisdom havo increased since those n all those early days, and wo have out-grechildish trials, as we our in the same way shall we hereafter look back that so perplex us, upon those, trials of y and appear so insurmountable. Experience is always giving us glimpses of the Godhead within us, and which wo ever possessed but wo knew it not ! The mighty Oak, the giant of the forest,'with all its branches, knotted trunks, and leaves were folded up in the little acorn ! ponder on these things and go on your way rejoicing. toil en ' and I will do led; ed greatness, they had not filled your soul, but rather left you starving, still there had been a charm around you in your former life, which you had never really realized till you knew that it was gone forever ! but you bravely laid the past aside, and took up the new sphere oflife, with a determination to henceforth walk therein. The principle of "gathering" you heard, and accepted joyfully; you made one in "the hand-c.r- t company," and with the rest drew your hani-car- t across the plains; to reach the home of the Saints; your hands that knew nothing of labor, became familiar day by day with toil of a most strange kind; but you acthat trial. complished The first time I beheld you was on "the square" where the emigrants camped, the evening of your arrival in Salt Lake City, as you stood ! Noble woman ! no time beside your hand-car- t can erase the picture you then presented to my astonished eyes; you had dressed for the occasion, and your appearance,even after tha long, wearing journey, was that of an empress, your figure being tall and commanding, and the con- trast of your surroundings mauVyour, appearance more remarkable. You, too, always declared you should never forge't me, and my approach to you in that most unique situation. V e conversed, Saints eyer just a3 Latter-da- y converse; we seemed to have known each other for years; from that moment we were friends that "spoke too meaningly,and meant too well," ever to misunderstand each other, even when there came a jar between us, and was good for both of us, and quickly passed away. Now for an attempt at the "Character;" ! felt impelled to write a few preliminaries, as an introductionjfeeling the chain would be imperfect without these important links; I Bhall attempt nothing elaborate or scientific, but simply state my impressions and convictions. I had a type of your character presented to my mind the first time I saw you; subsequent intimacy has not materially altered it. Your form indicates power, your action denotes the same; your voice, and above all your eye, bespeak power; you are naturally artistical, and ought to have made a mark in the fine arts; your rooms, your garden, your dress, the arrangement of your books, your pictures, and your furniture all show the artist. The form of your head externally conveys to my mind less of tfye principle of power, and I rejoice to see it, as it tells me it will modify the mighty engine, and hold it in check, when necessary; the head is that of a woman; and you may be satisfied with it. fhe language of your eves, is at times remarkable, put them 'in prison sometimes, "there let them learn obedience," learn to be silent when necessary, and not tell out even in silenf eloquence all that is in the secret chambers of your mind; especially when under excitement, and more especially before those who do not know you. Women from many, causes; should learn to be their own keepers, your mouth denotes purity, firmness and much suffering; the nose inclines to the masculine, the forehead somewhat low but the to ut ensemble of the head is intellectual, and ought to be, for the whole character is such; your frame denotes gentle blood and a fine nervous temperament; your hands, and the way in which you use tlienr, have a language in them, and denote character. There seems to me, to be the mixture of two natures in you, consequently you have a double duty to perform in managing, ruling, and governing yourself. I verily believe there is a large amount of good material in you; I feel "that your virtues are all your own, your faults those of your educalion and country." And now ma diere, you have desired me to never-to-be-forgott- "Tho farmer went to the field, and the wlfo In a. smiling and absent way, . Sang snatches of tender litlla songs She'd not sung for many a day. And the pain in her head was gone, and tho clothes Were white as the foam of tho sea: Tier bread was light, and her butter was sweet, And as golden as it could be. 'Just think,' tho children writo freely to you, you obeyed. Now indeed came the grand epoch of your life ! Your spirit bore witness to" you that it was Truth, you had embraced. -You laid aside your notions of "A good wife rose from her bed one morn, And thought with a nervous dread Of the piles of clothes to be washed, and more Than a dozen months to be fed. There were the moals to get for the njen la the field, And the children to fix away To school, and the milk to bo skimmed and churned: And all to bo done that day. "It had rained in the night, 3- , out-grow- w baby-clothe- s, to-da- "Droop not, but noblj struggle still, For others look to thee I And they would ceaee to striTO with ill, If thou ehouldst conquered be !" Then let not present difficulties blind you to future glory; we must bear tho cross, before we can wear tho crown, as our Savior "did before us, and when we have come up through much tribulation, and received our robes of righteousness, and are invited to sit down "at the marriage supper of the Lamb," wc shall d countenances of all gaze upon the the great and .good of each dispensation, and g hear the hallelujahs, the hosaunas, of the countless thousands who will there be assembled to crown Jesus King of kings, and Lord of lords, and dwell glory-decke- hcart-cheerin- soul-thrillin- g, with him for ever. One who is ever thy friend. Hannah T. Salt Lake City. - King. A PLEASANT AFFAIR. honor of Sister Jane Ann Down, a very motherly woman, President of Relief Society at Fayette San pete Co., a surprise party was prepared on her birthday, April 1, 1882. Sister Bown had been ill, and all was arranged unknown to her. tables were set in an adjoining r?jom, and when all was ready she wa3 invited in; the room was filled with the sisters of Fayette, and all sat down to a bountiful repast. After dinner Alary K. Mellor read an address written by Amy Mellor, for the occasion, expressive of the love and esteem tho people of Fayetto cherished for Sister Bown; and their appreciation of her kindness and good works. Sister Bown was so overcome by tnesc expressions of kind feelings tliat she wept for joy, The afternoon was spent in speeches, toasts and songs, and tho evening, in dancing Ward house. It was quito a joyful occasion. , . In : k athc - 