WOMA N'S B X P ONE NT. -- not onTr I y .... - m aiiif riSs3T0w: but placed J J f com-mandfro- , ' a ; - . ; ' with just such noble, deeds; and by them she won the love of all; and among the most devoted were my father's faithful wives, who admired him more because they knew he loved her best; and with him thejr mourned for her as their dearest and most self-sacrifici-ng enduring friend. He -- V was often heard to say that he did not care how soon he followed her, and he lived but nine months to mourn her loss. : The following extracts from letters written by my father while u pon his mission with Brigham Young and others in the southern part of Illinois I copy, with the hope that some benefit may be derived from the perusal of in ex- - -them, more particularly the voung-an- d perienced. They show the childlike humility and sincerity of heart, such as none but an Honest man, could feel and express, and none other would ever take the step that he did, nor continue to endure such Kearfaching sorrow, as I know he did, for the wife of his ' wnO nibu Him. i that earlv dav Yielded yOttiii, Zi- 1 . i 't y i- it.i reauirea g ooeaience io a principle inai Their all was laid sacrifice and upon the altar, to gain that glory which the Lord had given my mother a slight glimpse of, in answer to her humble heart-broke- n prayer, "Where there's no cros3 there's no crown." I think that no honest heart can read the outpourings of his soul and ever doubt the motive that prompted him to take upon himself burthens and responsibilities, such as himself and brethren were called to do, m marrying a plurality of wives, for it did not add to their domestic happiness ia . this life, but brought me-ion- self-denia- l. -- . .. .V I go into chance I have7ad pour "out sink beneath it. would be imprisonment "that it was a knew and death; but 7 they the Almighty and they obeyed God but WTTTTVT'.V, The next important event, which Iremem-- . ber in our family, v. as the birth of ifiyhrdther Chan3s S. which happened; Jan. 2d, 1843. I confess that I was a disappointed and most un- the news,' as. I had rrofpfnl nnrirl when hearing O 6. t so long uesireu a iiiuo wsuu, uu iaj soured, that I said some harst i and un- becoming things, and was determined not to welcome the little stranger, I tried to steel of me the ray heart against him, but in spite " -love would come. My mother being in a feeble state of health I had to take almost the whole care of him during the first year or two. and had. some severe He was very delicate ' spells of sieknsss, and my love and tender care increased wi th the days and months and I never wearied of my charge. ; When about " two years old he became strong, healthy and the pride of iny heart. The pleasure I felt in dressiug'and taking him out with me was quite equal to all that I had ever anticipated jni a little sister, and even my affection for him felt for a baby. surpassed any that 1 had ever jr date not the I remember the Though I have birth of another son by my father's wife Sarah which happened not : far from the time that my mother's was born. I had no knowledge then of the plural order, and therefore remained ignorant of our relationship to each other, until, after his death, as he only lived a' few months. It's trite I had noticed the great interest taken by my parents iri behalf of Sister Noon;- but kno wing their kind benevolent natures towards every body that came under-th- eir notice, I thought nothing strange of this; but I will confess that, during those times,! ... thought my mother overly tind to always toko Ut vuV tuggy and crowding me out of what I considered, my place by her side; and but unlessXwas I sometimes felt to -- complain,',1nwereat-JDfas?on a" behind -- wilKng-tosit j welcome to walk or remain at home; but, not -as caring to do either; I generally submitted, ' ; behind. ride as to possible, gracefully My mother was. possessed of a most kind and unselfish nature, and her life was filled up ' m jou I do but goTldiea ; not let it cast you down for tho : Lord is on ourside; this I know from what I see andrea-liz- e and rmarvel at itmai3yimesZ'zjYou are tried and tempted and I am sorry for you, for I know how to pity you. I can say that 1 never suffered more in all my life than since these things come to pass; and as I have said, so say I again, I have felt as if I should sink -and GodK Iakhiilie-namr- of Jesus to bless my; dear Vilate and comfort her Jeart and deliver her from temptation, and from all sorrow and open her eyes and let her see things aa they, are, forEather-thou-knoweour sorrow; be pleased to look upon thy poor servant and handmaid and grant us the privilege of living the same length of time that one mav not go before the other, for thou ir knowest that we desire this with all our hearts an d then. .Father, when we have done with our career in this probation, in the one to zcome may we be still joined in one, to remain so to all eternities, and whatever we have done to grieve thee be pleased to blot it out, and let . z: us be clean an d pure before 7 thee at all times, that we may never be "left to sin or betray any one that beb'eves on . thy name; save us from all this and let our seed be righteous; in- cline their hearts to be pure and virtuous, and may this extend from generation to generation, let us have favor in thy sight and before thine angels that we may bo watched oyer by them and have strength and grace to support us in the day of our temptation1 that we may not be overcome and fall. ' JSTow my Father these are the desires of our hearts and will thou. grant them to us for Jesus sake and to thy name will we give "all the :glory , forever and for ever- amen. ; -- ; to-da- -- : . I V A meeting of women ' ministers will be held in Boston on some day of the coming anniver sary week. Mrs. C M. Raymond (Annie Louis e CaIjy) has given two hundred; and fifty dollars to establish a free bed in the Maine' General Hos; pital I ; ..; the Gladstone, daughter-o- f Premier, has accepted the vice principalship ol Newnham College, in' place of Mrs. Henry Sedgwick, who will resign in October. Miss Helen . acceptancewitlrHira His next letter was written from Spring- -- jji "My dear companion:' I have just returned from the office where I found a letter from you, and I need not tell you that it was a sweet morsal to me. I could weep like a child' if I could get away by myself, to think that I for one moment have been the means of causing you any sorrow; I know that you must have mauj uau eenngs ana J leel to pray tor you all the time, I assure you that you have not been out of my mind many minutes at a time, since I left you. My feelings are of that kind that it makes me sick at heart, so that I have no appetite to eat. My temptations are so - . - L WHAT SOME WOMEN ARE DOING. Mrs, Mary E. Haggart was the orator at the Fourth of July celebration at Miami, Ind. de-si- re field Oct. 25th. st To be Continued. . . : ier-Ob-- mv : ; every yT"soun before! Tc . ; ods God that he" would deliver, nic and bless you my dear wife, and the first I would know I 7 would be in tears weejfing like a phild about and tbesitiiation that I am in; but what ' rather than vxen. .Oct. date of 23d, This letter bears the Evan Brother at am Vilate: I dear "My conferGreene's. We have .held all of our ences, have had two meetings to day being the I Sabbath. Some have been added to - the church and - prejudice is considerably laid. Monday we shall go to. Jacksonville, then on tO'Springfield. I shall be home in two or three weeks if the Lord wills it so. Since I left you it has been a time of much reflection. I feel as though I was a poor, weak creature; in and of myself and"only on God can I rely I have been looking back for support over my past life before I heard the Everlasting Gospel. It makes me shrink into nothing " and to wish that! had always been a righteous man from my youth, but we have an advocate with the Father, and I can look back since I into the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-dafy.. cameSaints with a degree of pleasure; but I can see if I had more knowledge I could have I feel as done better in many points. left Jto be than though I had rather die y ttansgress one of his laws, or to bring a di3- grace upon thejrihteoucause which I have z einbraced, or a stem 'japon mycharaete'r;y"and my prayer is day by day that God would take me to himself rather than I should be left to sin against Him, or betray my dear brethren who have been true to me and to God the Eternal Father; and I feel to pray to thee, oh Lord to help thy poor servnat to be true to z thee all the .days of my life, that I may never : be left to sin against thee or against thine an-- z ointed.orany that love thee, that I may have L wisidom and knowledge how to gain thy favor times all at for this is my desire, and that these blessings may rest u pon my dear com-- : panion, and when wehave done our work on this thv footstool that thou wouldst receive us r into that kingdom where Abraham, Isaac and Jacob and all the holy prophets have gone, that we may never be separated any more, and before I should be left to betray my brethren in any case,, let thy servant come unto thee in thy kingdom and there have the love of myx youth,. and the little ones that thou hast given Now my dear Vilate stand by me' me. even unto death, and when you pray, pray that I may hold "out to ' the end. My heart aches for you and some , times I can hardly speak without weeping and that before my brethren; for I have a broken heart and my head is a fountain of tears. My life in this world is short at the longest and I do not to live one day only to do good and to make you happy and bring up our little children in the ways of the Lord, and my prayer is that they may be righteous from the least to the greatest. The world has 1 lost its charms for me, and I want to seek for that rest which remains for the people of God. I never, had a greater desire to be a man of God than at the present, that I may kn6w"myJ the-wo- women physicians who took part in the military operations of Russia in 1877, have been decorated by the emperor with' the order of St. Stanislas of the third class. Twenty-fiv- e ' : In 1880. eighteen O : vouh??' women were gradu- O 4 atedrmf: nKr.hnfilfprHnoir!tr inZiioston. Of these, eight found at once $teady employ- ment; as designers in print factories; one m manufactury pottery works; two in an and one in a carpet mill. ; oil-clo- th Light i3 the first of painters. Do not be too lavish in your praise of var- ious members of your own family when speakare ing to strangers; the person to whom you do speaking may know some faults that you z'v , natz!' Zzz c 