WOMANS EXPONENT. 32 exhibition of the will prote to be another I fc iGVmif was left from, the power established, a refuse 1 1f - 9C1 - t r ; J t''a.-- fL manuKacturies creased; faeture X things a.Ior to be careful of all - and will force her children us. )f coal used jn ltsmanutliestlty also increased, and this resulted in a - corresponding increase in the "coal tar." It grew so fast, and seemed so utterly "worthless that it was a nuisance. What to do with it was the cry; and a premium was almost offered to those who would carry A yet d iscover . , all : ; it away. During - A jy!iti " " j. i-- AND THROAT EYE,lEAR,JNdSE OliSTETRlCS things, if they would; bej. at least moderately tt ; beyond the reach of poverty. : Srvio I . Am DISEASES 01 WOMEN. Simple Simon. CHESTER PRIMARY: this time, and while the "coal tar" evil attained There being no Primary "organ," I write : greater magnitude, a chemist (I think his name you a brief statement of the first Primary, Fair was Perkins) was analyzing "coal tar," and at-- " ; in this little place, held yesterday "under the tempting to form a combination of some kind patient, persevering president, Sister Emma from "it, what that was I also forget. lie ;" worked at it for weeks and months with but tiey warn s caremi supervision. The exhibition of work made bv the bovs. - success. One day, however, when almost disof rakes and plaited bridle, etc., heartened at the repeated failures he had raade,7 was paicularly gratify inand3onTewhat: Ja-ir- : he' discovered that by a new combination, an ' gehious, but the little girls bore off the palm entirely 'direrent result E'aTJ beentamidTfrom . in matters of taste, house adornments, etc.:I toHe stopped and examined e that anticipated. enumerate occupies space, and to specially no-- '. it, and that examination proved the most fortun- -' tice where all was excellent would wound some ate of his life; for the chemical combination of the dear little ones who in honest pride was one which has since become a household - T showed their best and prettiest. ' article," and is one which! is" productive'of the We were treated to a nice exhibition of well utmost pleasure to the eye. It wa3 a combinselected pieces, among them "The little peace-makeration for which they now celebrate and valu"The beautiful snow," "Purse proud,": able analyne dyes are made. "Coal tar" was no : '.'Fixing for Grandma," "Baby Leila,'1 "Both longer a waste; it was of value, was eagerly sides," "Wo are coming, Mary," ' and "Country sought for," and "became a thing of value and : : ; Girls." :: profit instead of a nuisance to the gas compan- The committing of the dear . impressional ICS. mT':.' J.- ,1: IiJ souhrto the care n3f suchrpitient grandame3"asl True, this is one instance; but there are thousands. Ask the chemist who sees the pro xjudicious; they qtf ter Hey ward -- is wise-a- nd seem to live over again their girl life- -' in the lusion about us it there is any waste; he will enjoyment oi tne cnildren; they are like minsigh and say, there seems to be nothing but wasteUThat-i--wast- e - which -- is destroy ed istering angels walking the earth for good. These Primary nurseries are , a good or 13 allowed to be destroyed when it could be ... " tution, and I sometimes - think they need a . utilized. with profit to some one. cheap organ to gather up and preserve their But, there I started to say. "There is no A Chesterfield. history. waste," when the burden of my song has been to show that, thp.ro. is nothing bu ft. wasto.:. What. I did start out to say wa3 that there is no x Of vain things, excuses are the vainest. "in waste nature; but, like a school boy, I alJ ustice is the Queen of --all virtues. Cicero. lowed myself to be lured away from the path Habit is a cable. .We spin a thread of it I should have followed, and instead of wandereach day. , ing amid flowers and pleasant ways, I fell into" weeds and rocky places. There is a remedy -- for every wrong and a . satisfaction for every soul. I have heard men declare (and I will not claim to be free from the charge myself) that .One grain of truth brings down tne scales At was a sin to see so much land lying idle, beagainst a world of error. cause it did not happen to rain just when they Mrs. Sarah E. Franklin was a d om wanted, or because water did not flow as near to the state convention.: Indiana as they might desire it. What! nature tolerate More than half the newspapen in the world a waste! as well say she does not abhor a vac-urare printed in the English langu a There is no spot in the wide world that cannot be njade of some value to man; so kind Mrs. Helen M. .Gouger) of I layette, and is the nature and the God we so much comMiss Florence Hardin, of PendletCii, spoke on h plain of. On the dry bench, the the Fourth of July at Anderson. and sunflower will grow and thrive, both of A larger number of young women graduated which arejof acknowledged use, though their ' ' from the Boston University this year than ever utilization may not now be as profitable as are the cultivation of other articles. The sage - -- neiore. -- jj rom tne benooi ot Jbloral Arts there we re seven, from the Theological School one, has medinical and other properties, perhaps, not and from the School of Medicine thirteen. yet discovered. The much despised and Threewere admitted to the degree of M. A. thoroughly abhorred sunflower I speak now Miss " Alice Leon Mumford, Miss Marion as a gardener, not as an Oscar Wilde is of Talbot and Miss Agnes Fitz HenryWilliams ' value. Its stalk can be' manufactured into and one to the decree of Ph. D. Miss Marie paper, the fibre being, excellent, while from A. Molineaux. This lady is the second one the seed a valuable oil can be expressed. only who has taken this degree, Miss Helen "There is no spot oh earth which nature has Magil being the other. Ex. destined to be an eternal waste. For up under the Alpine and Sierra snows a plant grows, The National Woman Suffrage Association " and has a purpose or it - wduIcLnot belhereu: wilLhbld its annuairmeeting this'year ai Oma-- ; : and the vast desert areaswill yet, when the ha, September 2G, 27 and 28. On" the 29th" knowledge of man is sufficien tly increased, prove and 30th the same speakers will: hold a mass ; that nature" is the embodiment of economy, convention in Lincoln. Boyd's Opera House a3 is the embodiment of perfection in all other in Omaha, and Church's in Lincoln, have been respects. , 1 am not a prophet and do not think engaged for these evenings, so the suffragists I will ever be good enough to be so beloved of will have no rival attractions. Following the Lord a3 to become a pronhet, but I have these meetings the speakers will divide, into' such unbounded confidence m the common three boards, holding two 'days meetings at sense at the bottom of this world's creation, three other important towns, and then from that I dan? predict the day will yet come "- these localities will separate for individual ef-when places now esteemed most useless, r fort. JSr, :", . salt "lake ; crrn":;;: :;-- SlBcial I)epartmonta tor GenW.ciothlttf tod Girpeto. LtUUtM' and Children's LEhoee, Dry Goods, Shawls and Domestics, Groceries, Hard- -ware and Stores. --, - - -t- -- field-roller- DRIED FRUITS OF ALL CUSSES WANTED. , rv;8.P..TEi RX)HJX,. s, WHOLESALE AIW RETAIL DXALXIIS - 0 HEAVY SHELF HARDWARE, J UliABS & QUEENSWARE, AGRICULTURAL, IMPLEMENTS frro. & ," TXC " . - -- iy DRY GOODS, N OTI ONS, GR0CE1UES. Of fk H T nV , 33 vXa CHtxr ninA ' vfofnffv A E& vfll 3I r Tn Anil k -- : . rmm . IlEST SELECTED STOCK of SHOS BOOTS, & SLIPPERS, Ateo,fullaDd desirable lines, beet brands 1 effxroxxf a Olxi obela the West. : tsrjt'our Orden art Solidttd. I I -- ELLEN B.FJE3RGUS0Nr , S3 ?PHYSIGIflH-ANDSimGEO- . -- - H? cn Main Street, over Hardy Bros., Zlore. ' OJJlce - Special atady litus been given to Sarery, Diseases of Women, and Diseasea of the NOSE, THROAT " Of ; AND LUNGS, Jons MAde Trunks for Sato by C. CUTLER, Agent for the PIWVO WOOLEN MILLS, Old Constltnllon Uolldlnxt also IIOilE MADE Brown Yarns," Cotton BatHnr , Blankets, White Yarns, Wool Batting, Ftonnols, Colored Yams, Shawls, Brooms, : Castfmerff, Lmseys, Wathboards, Jmast Twoada, Brushes, Etc, Etc. Homo - n. ' sage-brus- F. AUEEBAOH & BRO. -- 6EIIQVEQ TO TIEI1 HAVE- NEW ST&HE, Has. 124 126 . : -- . o CALL AND EXAMINE Sprin g and Summer Goods. ; : - X) A. "V -- I ID CT r Jl.1&E S , TINNER, CAS WATER & STEAM FITTER. XW Agent tor RtTMSEY'S colobiiited LIFT and FORCB PUMPS. . Pumps Repaired onehort notloo. Orders from the country promptly responded to. . t tST AJdrtMt David Jama, Box 806, Salt LaU City- - H. DINWOGDEYi WHOLESALE A5D BKTAI L liiUXiK 15 FURNITU 5P8IIS IDS. HIE : JUITIESSB ? FEJISEfiS W ; - 75, 77, & 79, FIrslrSouth, L SALT LAKE CITY' Street ; - - 