JdU it- - C: THOUGHTS. SUGGESTED BT LOOKIXO OVEIt THE COTTEXTSOF TWO "BOOKS Of POKTBT, ''AUTOMOCBAPirr AHD POEMS OF MH. HiSTfin CORXABT,' AKD I'WtLD fXaWKBR DESKRET' BT AUCCSTA JOTCB CBOCHER02T. - . PT.-- -- llnmblj, In penalre mood, I &ld ni seek the good, not fed worthless, I shall aim shall llfo Vy To lire that all may Ioto and bless xay name. : . r. A monument 111 bnlld Within the. hearts of men. Each little child r "Wild flowers of Dcseret" i3 a sweet name for so pretty a cluster of poetic blossoms,' and one feels ' while reading the Jittlo book that God's own hand hath tended the sheltered dell of Mrs Crocheron's mind and heart, the verses are so fragrant with love, faith, hope and kind-- : " ness. . " : Shall I not - then exultingly break forth? I stand in Zion, and. rejoice i the , God of my salvation! Here I "raise my Ebenezer," for . truly. "thus far hath the Lord helped roe." Thcrefore .1 willing unto him a song of praise, "and proclaim hisgoodness in the courts of Zion. He hath dealt with me"' as a loving father; He " hath corrected me, butinojtinliia anger; He hath afflicted me to purify and sanctify me. He has taken some that were dear to me as - my own soul, but they were his before He gave ' v ; (raabyx Deseret." aj, ."God bless his name and deeds;" scatter III sunshine,' so thei seeds Of loTe'and troth and Justice everywhere. Til tare the helpless one from want and care. And never In my life ; Will I engage In strife: , . ri ' Unless it be to help the poor and weak; Then, word of sharp reproof plainly speak, 1 Hi My wrongs qnlck forgive, ', la peace with all manklnd.fcontent Til live, Oar Savior's life so good and pure Will imitate each day and hour. God's holy word shall ever be my guide, Should fortune smile or woeful ill betide. ShaU Pgems" 7.7:7: ; and "Wild Flowers of . '. ' : Emily Scott. . themlo, me, and He . wiH reserve-kmijne-- v till we meet again "He hath done all things' of praise. . well," and m v sbuTTs satisfied: How sHallTshew forth ray gratitude, how make known the - thanksgivings of which my heart is full? I will listen to tho instructions of my teacher I will bo obedient to the counsels of God's servantsI feel as a child in school, and will try to learn the lessons set before me; I will try to school myself, teaching my spirit to be passive where action is not available. I have never eaten the bread - of idleness, no vr I will be "av working bee in the hive of Daseret;'industryl becomes the Saints of Latter-dayI will labor with my hands, even a3 a menial; I am content to dt it, I will also examine my mind, and if there iigoo( in it J: will Jay it out for the! beiu fir of others. That, that I have found 7 good, by my own experience, I will lay before othcre, that" they may also turn the same to good account. I will do all the good I can in the station into which God has seen fit to call me I will try to bear affliction patiently. When I am in happiness Thou ray God knowest how grateful I will be, for happiness is heaven to me; and it is .an emanation of the Spirit of God. Where it exists the principle of evil can have no power, fbr the soul 13 basking in a- -f ulnesi a his atmosphere of heaven; it will enlarge our carts, expand our mmds, increase our intel- ce, multiply our usefulness and teach us, above all otherhings, to praise our God. Let us help others to bo happy, for by shall we be judged; by the "deeds done in the Jbody," avill the verdict be given, and in this way only have I any right to say, or any hope in saying, I stand in Zion, and rejoice in the God of my salvation. Hannah T Kin. -- I stand in Zion, and rejoice in the God of salvation! my My home, my cherished home is among the Saints of God; therefore do I re-- . joice. 1 sit beneath thewvoice of the Prophets of God, and the light Of inspiration is reflected from them even into my heart and brain; there fore do I. rejoicet: Holy, men are around s who bear the Priesthood of the Holy One, and magnify the fame; and therefore do I rej oice. Holy women also are around and about us, that minister to their sisters in holy place?; that go about doing good; whose lives are a "labor of love," nursing the sick, .comforting the afflicted, strengthening the weak, and in all things fulfilling the law of love. Therefore does my heart rejoice,T am made glad, and am , -- - ' - : And there on build a sect. My rule of faith the Golden Rule shall be, "Unto all do, as they should do to me." . At our dear Savior's birth Tbo song the angels sang was, "Peace on earth, " Good will to men." My life shall be x Responsive to the melody That when my dayt are done, the glad, refrain, At mention of my name, shall sound again. life la worth the living; ' 'Good words worth the giving, If wo but speak them for the Joy tbeyll give, And not await an answer to receive, The little floweraeeds . for 'Oft months, o'er grown with poisonous weeds, .Lie dcad. Then iprlnglng from the ground bloom, and shed sweet fragrance 'round. iCfceenjoysthe" TIs joy to both a blessing to each one. : '' - , s. -- TcomfortedJbihO In a far distant land was the Gospel brought to me, by a handmaid of the Lord.- - My father and my mother were near me, and a host of loving and -- beloved ones! My home was the nest of love! The Gospel did not find mo des- titute, or desolate, or alone, but it found me rich; my cup full to overflowing with gpd tliinjrs, with 'sweet and loving spirits around me. ' ; tes,-Ilrad:aUzI-de- ntJi-ttisfi- sfe Gospel of "Jesus Christ, and I had enough of to know it was truth. Then theSpirit-of-God also camfe the knowledge that must sacrifice on the altar of my God much that was so dear .to me.:,', I halted, I had "great possessions," and then came a voice , saying, "whoso loveth fatberr mother more than me is not worthy of me; or son or daughter more than me and my Gospel is not worthy of me; one who is not ready to forsake all if need be for ray sake cannot be my disciple." 'Twas the Spirit of my God that enabled mo to pass through the fiery trials of that grand epoch of my life 'twa3 often jtho bitter nesa of death, and tho... tenderest - fibres of, my.- soul were stretched to their utmost tension; but -- . . WantTnbVfor self alone, J 7 Enjoy It as 'tis done. Shall be my daily rule. Nor shall the weeds Of envy, lust or malice, choko the seeds : I plant along life's way. But symphathetic tearsr and love's bright ray Shall call them forth to brightly bloom, : And fill all Ufa with sweet perfume. I maybe gone from life, but they will be : A Joy, an Incense to my memory. E. S. D. TWO BOOKS. Across the plains there came to me the notes ta:WestcrxusotfIbir - o.iV Wild flowers of Deseret The song, bird's notes had a plaintive sound at times sweet flowers. stirring my. soul to pensive ' sadness. Sometimes there was a note of jubilee, and at all times the glad refrain said o'er and o'er again,. "My heart doth trust iny Savior's love." Mrs. CornabyV songs, so full x of love, trust and a woman s cuick sympathy with all that is good - and beautiful, awakened all my best resolves ' to be hopeful and trustful. Her little book ' ehouldbe on the parlor table of every Chris'w : tian mother. '.. , The book, "Wild flowers of Deseret," brought to my mind a childhood school song, recalling all the pleasant remembrances of happy school life. "Flowers, - wild wood flow era, in a sheltered dell they grew." The last verse of the song was, - Flowers, wlldwood flowers, Do they not tell of heaven! Oh! . Salt Lake gity, June, ; - sized, a -- N; -- with- small.JicadsJhesubordinate place which woman occupies in most States ' -- ft' wildxrood flowers? la it not lie who rules, who rales abovo . 8endlng these tokens of Ms love? - . , 'TIs God's own hand hath given All these wlldwood flowers, " Sweet wildwbod flowers. OF-WOMA- ; -- administration of hls servants, andlFe ordin-- v i i t inave ioeen i 1.7 ances oi nis cnurcn neaieu When poverty and privation have been around me, He has inspired friends to help me, and supplies have come. I gave up my friends in my .native land, but never for-- moment have I been without one. I gave up my brother aiid TnysisterrthaIa brothers and sisters fond and faithful, in the gathering place of the Saints; and my richly most appreciated parents that were among the yafued of my treasures their places even have been in a measure supplied, i , havo realized fenedthese VUE SPHERE Dr. Nanhevs. in r treating of the "Phvsical Life of Woman," incidentally gives hisopinio- n-1 oi the ' bphero of Woman: The mental faculties of manand-woma- n are unlike, but not unequal. Any argument to the contrary, drawn from the somewhat less weight of the brain of woman, is met by tho fact that the most able men are often under- - -- - r - - 1882.. thesevere-ofdea- ls, often in the silent watches of thoight have I risen to thank and bless Him for his gopd- Tness to me. He hath upheld me in every trial, in severe sickness, and through faith and the man may garnish his rarden bowers. BuTwhoThath our-work- s Here are myxbrethren and my sisters, the friends of my souland the children whom God has given to meN Ho hath given me a home in Zion, food and raiment, peace of mind, love and unity to be round and about me, and his Spirit He hath not taken from me. Therefore my spirit lejoices all the clav long, and : c . aHaUhowejoico: that I stand as one among the Saints of Latter " days. x; ...... ""ppassed , ' 1 . br A P s alSi nf choose a text, " ' ; I shall not that wh a tsoever we ou r Savior, ; sacrifice for his sake and the" Gospel shall be restored to us a hundred fold, even in this life. v'.;":,: . . the words of Tis God's own hand hath given! these tokens . . orP ni3 1love, une need neverV teel with lonely two such good companions in the house, "Mrs. . : 1 11 . , arises partly from the fact that the part which she plays in reproduction prevents her from devoting her whole timcuand energies to the acquisition of power, and partly from the faci that those faculties in Which she is superior toman have been obscured and oppressed by the animai vigor anu scinsnness oi the male.. As civilization advances,-t- he natural - rights of woman will be more and more "con ceded; until the sexes become absolutely equal before the lawrana imatiypiieisapcnontir-rn-manx r J v J re-- be granted, and she will reap tho benefits of all the advantages it brings, without desiring to encroach on those avocations for which rhasculine, energy and, strength are im peratiyely needed. Ex. spccts-w-ill . 