WOMAN'S EXPONENT to stimulate the sisteis in assisting to build up Zion. . After they had been a shortitfme engaged in the Temple at St. George, they took several trips out into different settlements, some of them many miles away, necessitating camping out at night; but with all the fortitude of pioneer women they bravely moved forward, and traveled over a thousand miles in this way, in vehicles drawn by horses over some oi the JOHN MILTON ON HIS BLINDNESS. The following sublime and very affecting production was found among the remains of onr great epic poet, and is published In the Oxford edition of Milton's Works. I am old and blind ! Men point at me as smitten by God's frown ; Afflicted and deserted of my kind ; Tet I am not bowed down. I am weak yet strong : I murmer not that I no longer boo ; Poor, old, and helpless, I the more belong, Father Supreme, to Thee. 0 Merciful One L When men are farthest then art Thou most nca$ When friends pass by, my weakness shun, Thy chariot I hear. Thy glorious face Is ever towards me ; and its holy light Shines in upon my dwelling-place- , And there Is no more night I On my bended kneo I recognize Thy purpose, clearly shown My vision Thou hast dimm'd, that I may see Thyself alone! have nought to Tear ;" Thy darkness is the shadow of Thy wing, Beneath it I am almost sacred, here Can come no evil thing. 1 Oh ! I seem to stand Trembling, where foot of mortal ne'er hath been ; Wrapp'd in the radiance of thy sinless land, What eye hath never seen. Visions come and go, of Shapes resplendent beauty round me throng From angel lips I seem to hear the flow Of soft and holy song. It ; is nothing now, When heaven is opening on my sightleps eyes When airs of Paradise refresh my brow The earth in Darkness lies. In a purer clime My being fills with rapture; waves of thought Roll in upon my spirit ; strains sublime Break over me unsought. . rac my lyre ! I feel the stirrings of a gift divino ; Within my bosom glows unearthly fire Bet by no skill of mine. Give A DISTINGUISHED WOMAN. Zina D. H. Young. CONTINUED. After the return of Sister Zina from the Islands she spent most of her time in visiting among the people, attending meetings of the Relief Society, Y. L. M. I. A. and and assisting in encouraging and strengthening the various organizations in company with Sister Eliza and their The promotion of sericulture-wa- s not forgotten Primary-Associations- , rs. or neglected as she traveled in the several wards and settlements throughout Utah. She also continued her labors as Priestess in the House of the Iord, in connection with Sister Eliza; in fact, these two women have been for many years closely allied in their work among the people. Wherever there is sickness, death, calamity or sorrow, they are sent for almost invariably, and if health and strength permit they accept the mission willingly. The names of Eliza and Zina have been almost as muoh associated together as those of Brigham, and Heber were in public works of benefit to Zion. In the Fall of 1880 these two sisters decided to go South to St. George together, to perform some labors in the Temple, and to visit the organizations of women and children, wherever it could be made practicable upon the route. In November, 1880, they journeyed southward, holding meetings by the way, and endeavoring worst roads and through many disagreeable and dangerous places, and as Sister Eliza said after returning home, "where the curse hadn't" begun to be taken off." The two traveling companions, Eliza and Zina, after having journeyed through the South, even in very remote places and in adjacent Territories, arrived home again the last Jay of March, and were met at the depot by a party of thirty ladies, who escorted them to the Lion House. There was a delicious supper awaiting them, and during the evening poems and addresses were read,and short speeches made, expressing the esteem and love of the sisters and their appreciation of the life and labors of these eminent women. In the Tabernacle at the April Conference following, Sister Zina was sustained by the unanimous vote of the people as Sister Eliza's First Counselor in the General Presidency of the Relief Societies, Sister Zina has still continued her public efforts in behalf of Zion, going among the people and speaking whenever and wherever opportunity offered, or woman's aid was needed. She had long desired to visit her old homo in the State of New York, and gather up records of her relatives and friends, that she might officiate for the dead when the time should come to do so, and exhort the living to examine the principles of the Everlasting Gospel; or, in fact, she earnestly wished to present the truth to them, as error concerning Saints was already in the field. the Latter-da- y An opportunity offered for her to accompany her foster son, Willard Young, a Lieutenant in the U. S. Service at West Point, on his return to his post after a short visit at home in Salt Lake. Dr. Ellen B. Ferguson was going to New York to spend a little time in her medical pursuits, in order to increase her knowledge of the improved methods of surwas gery, for the benefit of the people, and it Acnot considered best for her to go alone. cordingly, it was arranged between them to travel together, and to speak upon the "Mormon" question on the platform, as the Lord should open up the way. Previous to going East, they were blest and set apart by the First Presidency of the Church. They left this city on the 20th of August and went direct'to New York City. After remaining there a few days, Sister Zina went to Jefferson County, in' the northern part of the State, where an aged aunt of hers resides, and also to an adjacent town to visit a younger brother, from whom she had been many years separated. She was very corof dially received by her relatives and many at their friends. She was invited to speak and Sunday Schools and Temperance meetings, "Mormon-ism" was always glad to be able to defend and advance principles of our faith. To be continued. 131 Ward were present, filling the house to overflowing. Among the invited guests were Presi- dent Taylor and wife, Apostle Lorenzo Snow, Apostle E. Snow and wife, Bishop Edward Hunter and Counselors, L. W. Hardy and R, T. Burton, Prest. J. E. Taylor, Hon. C. W. Penrose, Judge Z. Snow and wife, and Bishop Geo. Dunford and wife. Several tables running the whole length of the hall were covered with the luxuries of the earth. At half past one the guests were seated at the tables awaiting the arrival of the .Bishop, who, with his wife soon entered, escorted by Prest. J. E. Taylor. The choir greeted him with "Hail to our humble feast," while he wended his way to the stand, after which they sang a piece entitled "Our Bishop," transposed especially for the Then occasion, which was very touching. prayer was offered and the feast partaken of. Dinner over, Coun. J. H. Felt, in behalf of the members of the Ward, with a few appropriate remarks, presented the Bishop with a beautiful watchchain and locket, with the engraving, "Presented to Alex. McRae on the Mrs. M. 25th anniversary of his Bishopric. A. B. Freeze, in behalf of the Y. M. and Y. L. M. I. Associations of the Ward, also presented the Bishop with a handsomely framed likeness of himself, accompanied With a few fitting words. The Bishop responded by making a kind and feeliug speech, expressive of his gratitude for the good feeling manifested toward hirn, and his desire to ever be worthy the good will of all who love God and work righteousness. Mrs. M. A. B. Freeze then read a poem which she had composed for the occasion. Speeches were then made by Prest. Taylor, Apostles L. and . E. Snow, Bishop Edward Hunter, Brothers J. E. Taylor and W. A. McMaster the two last named were appointed Counselors to Bishop McRae at the time he was ordained to that office. They, all bore testimony to the unwavering integrity of the Bishop, even in the most trying scenes. v All who were members of the Ward trenbjr-firyears ago were asked to raise the right hand, when it was found there were only about twenty present. It was a most enjoyable affair, a genuine surprise and a perfect success in every M. rvrirtirmlnr to confer suffrage on all who can read and write, passed both branches of the Italian Legislature December 21, 1881. The Church at Hughendon, which Disraeli wa3 in the habit of attending, has of late been most beautifully decorated in memory of the deceased. Two magnificent stained windows have been put in, and the chance wall has been ornamented with sublime paintings of prophets, angels and evangelists. session ot It is stated that since the present Congress eighteen aills have been introduced into the Senate and House of Representatives on the Utah question. This does not include the amendment to the Constitution offered to suppress the peculiar marriage institution, nor the various petitions on these subjects sent in from different parts of the United States. Governor Long, of Massachusetts, in hia Annual Message to the Legislature, on Thursday, January 5, 1882, made the following brief but emphatic reference to Woman Suf- A hill . frage: IN HONOR OF BISHOP A. Mc'RAE. anJanuary 19, 1882, being the twenty-fiftniversary of the Bishopric of Brother A. the members of his ward, wishing to show their love and respect for, and their appreciah Mc-Ra- e, tion of his faithful services for so many years, arranged a grand surprise party in the 11th Ward school house, which was handsomely decorated for the occasion. Over the stand and above the Bishop's picture was the motto, "Our Bishop, Jan, 19, 18571882," Most of the "I repeat my conviction of the right of Wo- man Suffrage. If the Commonwealth is not ready to give it in full by a constitutional amendment, I approve of testing it in municir pal elections." "The recent judicial decision that woman has also cannot practice as an attorn raised the question whether thev can serve, as some are now most usefully serving, upon public statutory boards, except where expressly provided by law, The decision necessitates, legislation," ey-at-Ja- w 