of hn American sacred to ja a the htnt of grand old Ecgiand, weuM be to sweep away a jctiatom--a- 'f custom which from it very age, had grown to be looked upon a inviolate. Wewtminitit Abbeigy.f wts. msy be allowtd the expression, viewed aaa pot j'emntJy: mtnced Jn the usual manner, snd G, M. Ottln-e- r made temporary chairman, and Francis CVp temporary fiecretary,Jwho,ftfcf the organ hat ion, were made permanent cfllcer. A committee on credentials cnj:umed-om- e time in examining iue ceruncaieaor delegates, during w hlch time C. W. Pen rose. Ea!r made tirV ...... , Ume-hcor- . Elsewhere will be found an advertisement of Dr. Pratt's, stating that she will resume her class in obstetrics about the 15th of October. She states that during the course, lectures will be given by Drs. Anderson, Benedict and other -- prominent and experienced physicians. Thisis. .anpportumty-whic- h ;wrw culuTge all inter ested in such, matters to avail themselves ofFIt gaining in an easy manner that which Mrs." Pratt spent great labor and expense in attaining. Her large practice is steadily increasing, and the cognizance and assistance of the .leading local physicians are guarantee sufficient May she have a large and studious class to reward her for her pains. , ' offer. - RECIPES. quarts of torn-- . atoes sliced, oz. salt, tablespoonful of allspice, 3 of cloves, 2 of pepper, 4 of black mustard eeed- 3 onions sliced. Put about half the salt into a kettle with some vinegar. Put the sliced toma-loea ana onions into tins and letlhem boil a few minutes, skim them out, and- - let them drain. Then put them in to a jar with remainder of lalt Green Tomatoes Pickled:. 4 anil 4 1 ' bn o nf Aao aattm til 4V -- .1 n Is ' " 1 " . lethoth PotTn nil0M TP of OF In a kettle with a teacup of vinegar, to cover the tomatoes. Let them scald, then put In a Jar, then take spices and vinegar and let them como to a boil, and pour over tomatoes. Horseradish root placed on top of a jar of pickles makes them crisp. All tried and good recipes. Sweet Pickle Peaches:: 8 lbs of fruit, 4 lbs. of sugar, 1 pt. of cider vinegar, 1 cz. each of cloves, allspice, cinnamon. Method, make syrup with vinegar, sugar and spices, except cloves which vnn cHrtr in tho peach. Putin the fruit and boil till easily pricked . n! i l -- A X am m ma a syrup 20 minutes longer, then pour it over the fruit, boil up the syrup three mornings, pour over inm and then seal up. -. 10 Jam: 10 lbs. lbs. good sour Apple sugar,' iemons, ana a lew pieces or white ginger root. Boll till apples look clear and tender. . LONGFELLOW IN W3"3TMINSTEPv. To an American and talhc who, thoughor21 . native-borhave so Iosg been associated with the institutions cf the United States, as to view n, them with patriotic feelings, it is plea8antto I a to nave a bust of Longfellow placed In Westminster Abbey. . As might have been anticipated, the movement, naturally at Its iucipien-cy- , met with general though unreasonable opposition. It was urged that to place a monument I Tin"each"green leaf, whilst here and there we find one tinged with bronze and red, and rome-arpiteoualy hurled upon the ground; how-sad- 7 their nutle breaks upon the ear. Can it be that Autumn is here? Yes It must be so, fcr look upon th mountains, where a week since it waa now th lfiht frnst has im. green 1 -,1 1L I ti. ixieuutxi ii wurit, uuu mo i ullage JBCuaugeatO the most brilliant red and yellow. The bushes hang low with their clusters of red and purple berrh s. The soft haze that playtd around the hill? jweek ago is gone, and the sky is bright -- it designed, for : the honorof mankindevery--where- ? "It Is natural, and may bo due to a wise provision iiTnatu re, that one should point with pride to the great men his native land has produced, but he is indeed contracted wbo would refuse the meed of praise to acknowledged worth for the base reason that he belonged to a race which was Individually or generally dispised. In the onward marchcfleventgr-th- e world wil- l"oufgrow all these detestable "prejudices, and the admission of a bust of Longfellow into the sain ted precincts of Westminster Abbey must prove a veritable iconoclast of modern times ,in the demolition of race gods. It points the way to a cosmopolitan sentiment, leading men to the idea that they are more like citizens of a . glorious world than of any particular nation. Of all Americans, it is most fitting that this honor should be paid to Longfellow; not that it can in anyway effect either him or his fame, but that all who have felt the sweet influence of his writings will delight in seeing accorded to him that which is generally esteemed an undying honor. Himself as free from prejudice as a child, with . a spirit of a gentleness, and a heart of love like an angel's, it is iodeed fitting that his name and his fame should be an instrument in destroying the barriers of a race preju-- , dice that have so long denied to genius and to sterling worth ad mission to universal appreciation and acknowledged merit. And when shall have been placed amid the .shades of greatness and grandeur and godlike,, nobility of Englandjit will rather ad J to than ' derive from the sanctity of its surroundings. It will shed, the same sweet influence over the jrnemoiyofthe- - great dead w!thhomHsTiow7 associated, as it did over the lives of those who -lived with thejpoet andj,sJtdoes-iuw-over-th- e hearts of thoe who survive. ' his-monum- Falsehood may have its hour, but no. future. Presseme,. . it. has ent ' 1 SJ e -- A was, and see how it shook the green boughs of mg me rosy cneesea apples m heaps upon the ground. Each one that remains looks longingly under the unrpAdinc bomrha na if f.n v.folr me. sweet cherub, for at the next w. mist of wind T shall fall and bruise my tender skin;" but the children jump and laugh and nil their little baskets with the poor things that fell the night before, little heeding the lonely, apples that stand out on the great bare limbs. 1L." ! I t mi. dli irum t xuo LI uirua curip on luey iui uouga 10 Dougn, no uouDi wonaermg wny inemrisnot so warm, and why the leaves must wither andx fall. "Some of the old wise ones are seeking Inmes far away, where it Is always summer - , - - 1 pre-emine- nt gar; horseradish root Improves them, making them crisp. Green Tomatoes Pickled Sweet: 2 gal. of tomatoes sliced, 2 qts vinegar, eame of sugar, 2 mule Bpucniuis oi saic, zor pepper, l of anspjcet.l ofcloYes mortem museum cf noted Britons. However. racterfetlc of the Enklifeh,"ind" wnere inteJlfgence and genius are considered the British are singularly free from those "race prejudices which teem inherent inpeople of whatever nationality. So, after a UtUe delitera-tlo- n, two or three "noted Englishmen, endorsed the proposition, and added the weight of their approval to the agitation. Nearly all the great minds of England have favored the movemen t, until at present there remains scarcely a doubt that a bust of Longfellow will be placed along with those of the kings in fact, and the emperors in thought, in the "tight littJe is'e." It is gratify ing,.a3.before stated, to think that ' there should be a breadth of thought and a democracy of sentiment among the English as to tolerate such an invasion of ancient customs; and it is singularly indicative of the friendly feeling that is growing up between the mother country and her brilliant offspring. But more than all, it is pleasing to note the Intellectual development of an age, which recognizss genius as belonging to no nationality, but as the product of a grand old world, which if created for any purpose at all, was brought into existence for the good of all, of whatever nationality, whatever sex, of whatever color. If the Supreme Father sees fit to endow cne person with a far reaching breadth of intellect, such as will make him among men, r can it be supposed this intellect was Intended for the benefit and the glory of one nation onIy?jorT , - pointed to make nominations for delegates to the Territorial Convention, which meets on Monday, the Oth inst. Tho committee nominated sixteen delegates and they were acted on separately, and all the nominees were sustained by 7 the convention, cp J 'how-mello- w, , ra - How' Eadly th Kght witd Bigns thrtrogb the tali tree, the eunlight and lock what dark thadows are cast upon the eld " stone" e4 A songsters. The sparrows quarrel with each other and th a. lift 1a rmvm'mciTYv Trl rihlrn nVtniit-tViwarmest place In the nest. The flowers were never prettier or more fragrant, and you can scarcely step m me garuen wimoui ireaumg on -a vine of mornIns crlories:j see. thev have even twined themselves around these weeds by the walk. How beautiful are their pale delicate hues, and how Innocently they lift their sweet faces -heaven. ThumpT" On the ground more some come rosy apples. The children. will have busy work In the morning. The night air Is chilly and the children hurry Into the house, in iht nlr worm niirmer that la Awaltlnir thflm. Then they gather around the old hearth on m -up-- towards . quietly while grandma tells about her old home, where there were no high mountains, but woods and forests with trees so full of large brown nuts. The great bright eyes open wide as she tells of now mey useu w gawucuug, u.u mwo as of what a strange think look heads puzzled they place It must be, where there are no grand old tains: and the little faces smile with fflee when they- - remember about the large barrel of mcKory nuw mat gniuuiua una bv kiuuijt them. The fire burns more briskly than tn KXrv ncrlnw with nrnl " v xuVinlo ' fcV. V. V, w.. " - rnnm la O red light. All the while outside Jack Frost is performing his night's work, nipping the fruit and flowers, and painting each leaf with a hun' dred different hues. kuu; piu-mls- ed Beatrice. RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. ' nt Tfttrwot nn th tfftth nf William 'Knightrmember of the 20th Ward Primary As sociation, who'departed this life Sept. 1st, 1882, with heart disease. As God In his wisdom has seen fit to call another of his precious jewels, who has labored faithfully in the performance of every duty, we, as officers and members of the Primary Assocla noenTnHrmn 