WOMAN'S EXPONENT. TO A WOMAN. x COOLIDGE'S POEM, "ONLY AN ANSWER TO SUSAN A WOMAN." Yes, God has made thee woman, meant." Let not deaf ears And eyes that will not see, Cause thee to fail the noble life - He That he hath planned for thee. It may be in a tranquil homo Whose peace shall fill thy soul, Thy strength may heir, thy wisdom urge The workers to their goaf Or make from harmony within Dlrinest music roll. , Or haply with the tollers thou Must pass thy bnsy days, The struggles of thy brother men Not 'seeing "through a havV But sharing, bearing burdens in Thy helpful, womanly ways. It may be in thy wishful soul Thou hoie6t some good to teach A waiting world: take con rage, then, ' Tby Master bids thee preach; " Go tell my brethren I am risen ! " The words their souls shall reach. e Fcrchance the nation needs thy help To free it from its foes, For oft for right and native land Women strike valiant blows ; God did great things for Israel When Deborah arose. " Our Ilerald." o i m ,9 A DISTINGUISHED WOMAN. Zina D. H. Young. CONTINUED. Sister Zina possesses, in a large degree, what is designated in modern times "the motherly element. She has that intense sympathy with misfortune and suffering which brings one into close communion with the hearts and inner lives of those to whom they minister. Unsuspecting and thinking no evil, it may be truly said of her, she is generously endowed with that sweet charity which hopeth all things. Such women, when richly clothed with faith and firmly established in the principles of the Gospel, are quite capable of being efficient mothers in training the young in the paths of virtue and rectitude; consequently, Sister Zina has been most successful in this direction, for her sons and daughters are honorable and noble men and women. The Lion House, in . the days when Sister Zina was rearing the children under her care, was one of the brightest, happiest homes upon the earth. No doubt the atmosphere and surhad much to roundings of the dwelling-plac- e do towards imbuing her permanently with that cheerful, happy spirit which has been one of the greatest attractions in drawing the hearts : of the people towards her. To those unacquainted with the conditions of families among the Latter-da- y Saints, one can a idea correct of the blessing scarcely convey a woman may be, who possesses the nobility of character and power of in such a as to render to degree, help all under the varieties of circumstances where consolation, comfort and good works are needed. The gentle ministrations of woman are beautifully portrayed by the poets, and form a fitting subject for the artist, or the sculptor, but none of these artificial productions, can bring to the human soul the exquisite rendering of divine power, which comes through human in the hours of supreme need. Sister Zina devoted much time to the sick and distressed. Day and night she sought to self-sacrifi- relieve suffering, to inspire courage in the weak and to smooth the pillow of pain. This seemed her especial mission, her real It is the one to which she seems peculiarly well adapted. In all spiritual labors she is also specially gifted. There is no woman in Israel more inspirational in prayer. Her language is simple, and her manner characterized by the greatest humility, yet those who hear her are always impressed, with the genuine earnestness and true eloquence with which she pleads when offering up devotion to the Deity. Sister Zina has been a zealous laborer in the Lord's vineyard in temporal as well as spiritual wthings, and though her strongest capabilities for labor are really in nursing the sick, or what would be technically termed Materia Medicd, yet in many other directions she has labored faithfully in active public service. When the Relief Society, first established in Nauvoo by Joseph Smith, was in Utah by Brigham Young, Sister Zina was one of the first identified in that benevolent work, and her labors have been from that time to the present in close connection with those of Sister Eliza, the leader of that institution. In "fact, she has ever stood by her in all the movements-madin the interest of that organization; and when Sister Eliza was set apart and ordained to preside, she chose Sister Zina as her first Counselor, and she was ordained to that office under the hands of President John Taylor, in these words of blessing and appointment: "Zina Diantha Young Smith, I lay my hands upon thee in the name of Jesus, and by authority of the Holy Priesthood, and ordain thee to be First Connselor to Eliza R. Snew. Honor thy calling, which is an honorable one; sustain and assist thy President, and thou shalt have joy in thy labors; thou shalt be a wise counselor; the Lord is well pleased with thee and will sustain thee, and no man shall deprive thee of thy blessings; thou shalt have the gift to heal the sick, and thou shalt be blessed in time and in eternity; in the name of Jesus. Amen." Sister Zina has been indefatigable in her labors among the people in woman's interest, and has traveled and visited the people in almost every town and settlement in these valleys. Her name is, like Sister Eliza's, a household word in the families of the Latter-da- y Saints, and is ever spoken with reverence and love. She has been for many years a Sunday School teacher in the ward where she resides, and in this particular labor has won the love and esteem of all under her charge. One ofHhe most useful and beneficial fields of labor in which Sister Zina has ever operated Ever since any effort has been is sericulture. made in the silk industry, she has been on the alert, traveling in its interest, encouraging the sisters and brethrep to move forward in this enterprise for the promotion of home manuShe has raised cocoons with her own facture. handst and had charge of a large cocoonery and mulberry orchard which belonged to Prest. Young, and carried on a successful business in this direction while her health permitted. Thousands of mulberry trees from the orchard have been sold and transplanted into the various settlements in the Territory. When the silk enterprise was organized June 15,1876, into an Association, Mrs. Zina D,. H. Young was chosen President of the Deseret Silk life-wor- k. And do thou seek to bo "Just what 115 ce ten-derne- the city, the street, and even the very horses, to be infused with gladness, in language no tongue could command. It is the New Year. It indeed has come. All are happy, and gay, and festive. Men and animals are glad. Kindred spirits have met and resolve on having a glorious holiday- - What a .liberty do I enjoy this day ! No tyrant's voice is heard in this land of liberty; no labor, no toil, no care; ill, all is freedom, and this ia a feast to me indeed. Come, wife and children, and let us enjoy this day; let the Holy Spirit be in our hearts and habitation; let no foul spirit be near, and we shall be made glad, we shall sing and rejoice and thank the Great Father that we have a lifetime to stay on the earth and perform our part as nobly as we can. seem O New-bor- n Tear, thou art come again a To weld link to the mighty chain Of years, that hare rolled since this earthly ball Sprang forth at Its Great Creator's call ! Thou art come, and hast shed a cheering ray-- All hearts are bent on a joyful day. Thou art come, and the sun shines bright with joy, The air breathes free to the 'prentice boy; He has hidden his wages for weeks before, To exhaust this day his little store. Thou art come? New Year, right welcome come ! Young hearts now think their heaven begun; All cares are fled, and they think with glee To enjoy their yearly jubilee. For twenty years I hare labored now. And toiled for bread, with a sweating brow. Bat .never before coald I sit at ease, And enjoy a day just as I please. Come, wife and children, around the board, While we seek a blessing from the Lord; The smile of heaven makhs sweet the food. For flowers of love In our path are strewed We will enjoy this glad New Year, No need to mourn, and no need to fear; What spirit so wicked as dare to come And disturb the peace of our mountain home t JAMES CfALLACHER. - v PLEASANT PARTY. Monday night, Dec. 10, 1881, about forty persons, including Sister Fife and the portion of her family residing in Ogden, assembled at the house of Brother Valesco Farr, of Mrs. Diana Fife, to show respect to her before leaving for the southern country. The Councompany consisted of the Bishop and his Hon. A. F. Farr, Joseph Parry, Joseph ' selors, JoJohnson, Enoch Farr, Brother Wilkinson, seph Harris, and many of the members of the Third Ward Relief Society, and a few others of her most intimate friends residing in other ' wards. Sister Ann Odell was called to the chair. The exercises consisted of speeches from the brethren, with songs, also expressions of kind D. M. feelings towards Sister Fife, by Sister White, President of the Relief Society, and her rvHinselora and many others. Refreshments were passed around, after, which the Society presented to Sister Fife a handsome silver butter dish and knife, expressive of their high respect for her, which was received with kind acknowledgments, in a few words, being empowered with emotions too read strong to express. Then an address was which by the Secretary, Mrs. Lucretia B. Farr, was she had written for the occasion, which very good, expressing the regret of the society and her friends in parting with one so worthy of esteem, and wishing her every blessing in her new home, where duty called her to go. Before concluding, a few appropriate remarks were made by Sister Ann Odell, a hymn was a sung and a. prayer offered. With many tomes, goodbye, the party dispersed to their feeling they had gpent a pleasant and profitable evening. . son-in-la- w -- NEW YEAR'S DAY. Millions hail thy What a glorious boon look forward Millions return with gladness. to thee with anxious hearts for a little recreation and amusement. Fathers, mothers, cous! surround each other's table, partake of some of the earth's most delicious food; the cheerful faces, the health, the dress, the house, the air, the sun, ins, friends and s3 - well-wishe- rs 