THE VKYjY5X CBCKADE. ihb people rtpretentatlve. However h i..wtl) known all over the country, Mr. Can-UM- i was refund hit fceat in the House, find Utah Jel" t W til Oil t rftr rr rilftMnrn --Tli -tbuiiJeprJvtd oftheir Just right as citizens of a great and growing Republic. It a matter of deep regret tp all Jovera of Justice and falrnets IJU at such currences should Jake place,e!pecIaJ-J- y wh ed no accusation could be sua f allied against bini, except on account of bis religion; Pres. itlon DhAB Exxixii:rfyou 1 few of I reatojj f to kno w bis - record IslcJeax. there without a blot. The people of Utah bold blm in tho highest estimation, and he will Jive in the; hearts of thousands ofhcneit men and women forever, notwithstanding the decJs. ion of Congress. He was accompanied home by Bro JohnJrvlne --whose letters from Waehlng- on to the Desere t News have given i ts readers Congressional items, in such an intelligent and r ' " ' - make yim- amn.jgementt. Miien any gt your , members axe called upon for reading an essay, cr to look up Bible references, to sing a scng, to do not allow speak, cr write upon s ny them to think they can refuse, tut imprefslt ' their duty tore? pond call that irinideSpon themi from time to time. - ITseyonrloxlaence to have them testify to the great blendngf, thaLwe enjoy as a people, and abb to the truth rf the Gospel of Christ, 1 Cultivate a disposition to tear with each other in taking a part in the meetings. Strengthen and encourage, rather than criticise the efforts.. that are madeT b your membera to diicharge" the duties which may be required of them. En courage cleanliness in erscn, and neat nes y n dress. When you cannot be present at your CmeetingJiave jpur Counselors conduct them, if they cannot attend, appoint some one to take our meetings LmuaLhftleptnpregula- rcharge, "ly." Use cnaste and refined language In all your conversation. Discountenance back-bitinor evil speaking. Strive to obtain the spirit of the Lord, which will lead you into all truth and virtue. Continue your meetings until other- wise notified. May the blessings of the Lord attend your efforts to Improve in all good works, is ever, the prayer of your in the cause of Mutual Improvement. Your Sisters in the Gospel. Harriet A. Preston, (Signed) Ida Ione Cook, Q crue&de ... . 1 upthinpSlSjf : tow go.o4 - tbe pment against usas a people.: I Joined the Church of Je&us Christ of Latter-da- y Saints In my native land (England j before poJygajoy was heard ofjet, we were p&t&vfcfy thea.i m sow, because we believed Joeeph feinlGr: was. prophet, and that be had received revelation from heaven.: Oatjdeftrest-frl- d - turned against us, and said we had disgraced ourselves and them, and all were bitter In denouncing that great delusion. If we should dlfccard pory- -. gamy from our faith to morrow they would find . some plea against us. We aldwe would go to America, where we could" enjoy-llber- ly of and be protected under the broad folds: of the American flag and the liberal Constitution framed by" noble men inspired as we belie e by heaven.: Now I feel humiliated and ashamed for our friends across the waUr, to read of the Bills passed by CongreaagalRat n; "ZTOMTmenlbers of Congress and rulers of the nation, for jour own sakes and that of your families, pause well, and consider . ere you as- sume the grave responsibility of separating wives from their husbands, and children from their parents, and breaking up our happy homes in these peaceful vales. "Let them cast the beam from their own eyes," cleanse their own platter and see who among them is prepared to cast the first stone. But it is only here in Utah that sin and wickedness exists, all they do is justified. It is too true, there is much among ua that is grievous and sinful, but who have we to thank for introducing temptations and bad examples to lead our youth, away from the paths of virtue and temperance ? Many have been led away but the majority have a germ within them though latent and they .would, if called upon, - rise up and defend their religion, and resent the abuse heaped upon the heads of their aged parents. Are we fearful and discouraged ? Not in the docs us good; we are rather utedjo it. Former persecutions are not obliter- - ated from our- - m emories,- - besidesitpre ven ts us from getting into that deplorable state of neither hot nor cold, Of whom the Lord says He "will spew them cut of bis mouth." In Him we trust, and he will never desert hlg E. Bently. faithful people. CannpnJali - rn con-scienc- e, . Meeting at Farmer's Ward B. Lv Co. Tuesday Aug. 22d, 1882, called to organize a Primary g - and-Mast- er x . co-labor- t ; . ''Recitations for the Primary. Associations in Poetry, Dialogues and Prose," by Eliza B. Snow Smith, Is now ready for sale. The long talked of book prepared for the children of Zlon, by one who has published so much for them, and as. aisled bo ably in organizations for their spiritual cultivation and progress, is now completed, and we think, will meet the approbation of the public. It contains 200 pages, and the author says is "Adapted to the capacities of members from the ages of ten to fifteen years." The first page contains "A Few Hints To Presiding . Officers." --The selectionsrbave been judiciously and carefully made, and the original pieces as well, are in perfect keeping with the faith and teaching of the Latter-da- y 1 Saint. This work has been greatly needed Li the Associations, and we trust the presiding sisters Will avail themselves of the first opportunity to bring it Into use in all the various settlements. The Book can be procured at the Des-erNews Office, and at the Office of Woman's. Expohent, Price 25 cts. , r et :: ' Stake Presidency. 1882. OBITUABY. With regret we record the death of Elizabeth beloved wife of SamueI H, B8nnion,-a- nd daughter of Adam and Jennet Sharp, who died at Vemon, Tooele County July 27th, 1882. Sister Bennion was bora Nov. 24th 1853 in Salt Lake City, was a god,faithfu), and energetic Latterday Saint; and held the effice of Secretary in the Relief Society of Vernon. Her death has cast a deep gloom over our little settlement, for- she was Bsteemed and beloved by us all. She was the mother of one son and three daughters, surviving the birth Of the third only ten hours, mother and babe were laldaway to rest in the tame coffin. She leaves a husband and two little girls and many friends to mourn her untimely .end. May God comfort the -- TO THE Y. 1 M. I. A. CACHE STAKE. putJn-p-racUs.1-V.r''- PBIMARY SPEAKER, . -- Logan, March 29th, least,-persecu- tion -- KlNNIE B. CAINE. . - Lord," benediction by the Bishop. At noon the ladles repaired to the residence of Mrs. Emma Woodruff, where a delicious dinner was served. At two p. m. there" was a special meeting of the Belief Society, Mrs. Emma Woodruff presiding. After 'singing and prayer, minutes were read, andxthe meeting was addressed by Sisters JSI. I. Home, Helen Mar Wliitney7E."S." Taylor, B. B. Grant, E. B. Wells and Bister Eliza B. Snow Smith.7 Many interesting subjects were alluded to and ideas th ro wn ou t and sugges tionsTnadejpcaicula tedlcT do much good if Dear Sisters: As we wish all the Y. L. M. I. A. In the Stake to work as uniformly as pos sible, we deem it necessary to make the following suggestions. We wish to be represented in. the Annual Fair this fall. Therefore desire you JLto hold meetings at least once In two weeks, for, the purpose of making articles- of fancy work, x ag the members of your association, have talent and taste for making. Such as fine needle work of all kinds, artificial flowers, In wax,cleth, tar. latan, zephyr, and hair, also crotchet work, nett ing and knitting; embroidery In silk and cotton. The best articles to be selected and sent to the Fair, where they can be sold, thereby creating a fund to defray the expenses of your Society. If not sold, held subject to your order. Hold your regular meetings once a week; encourage a more thorough reading of our Church works. We would like to see all of the columns ofthe Blanks, filled cnt more fully than the present ones- .- "" We require one dollar from every association in our Btake to be sent to the secretary (Ally Martlneau) to defray the expenditures of the Central Board for stationery, stamps, etc. We wish the President, or at least one of her Counselors, to be present at cur Confer ry ; , Father'? etc. Sister EliWjhen made some re- marks to the children, and the following officers-- y ere nominated and sustained."' M's . Sarah A. Cannon, President; Mrs. Beba B. Pratt and Miss Mamie Alice Cannon, Counselors; Miss Clara Woodruff, Secretary; Master Hugh Cannon, Assistant Secretary Joseph S. names were enMoualey, Treasurer. Thirty-sirolled as members. Sister Eliza gave some excellent instruction to the children and Sisters E. CO Clawson, E. S. Taylor, M. I. Home and E. B. Wells each cccupied. a few moments in to-eve- " - Elder Willard Bnow, Superintendent of the Sunday School of the Ward. The Bishop re- quested Sister Eliza B. Snow Smith to take charge of (he meeting and organize. Children sang "We thank thee, O God for a prophet." Prayer by Mrs. M. I. Home, sung "O, my Logui en the JXtii cf K.sj, .verba.! repvrt q! I tr Assot&Ltfcn. We to iv alw me ft email : 1 agreeable, s tyle,- mythougbte will" ' erc, to be held In - beTeaved. . "I am so tired, - - eo . tired" God beard the piteous cry In yonder courts on high, Gave thee the rest desired Though stricken hearts in angu&h weep "He gireth hia beloved sleep." - -- . - E. A B LOA FBEEMONT BELIEF SOCIETY. A reorganization of the Belief Society of Loa Freemont Ward, Piute Co. in the Sevier Stake of Zlon, was effected June 23, 1882 by Bishop E. H. Blackburn and Counselors. The following officers were elected and sustained. President Mrs. Alice Darton, Counselors Mrs. Mary Eliot and V. L. Blackburn, Secretary Sarah J. Blackburn, Assistant Secretary Hannah Blackburn, Treasufer, Maria ' Young, Assistant Treasurer : Persia Young; Presiding Teacher, Nancy Black-barn. ' , ; . The Society Is in good working order, with an efficient quorum cf teachers, and such aids as are needed to carry on the work, and accomplish much good. The sisters in this Ward are de- - 