phase the Lord onlyin Jthe ase of Uriah and his wife; In Revelations one of the said unto behold me the lion not Elderj "weep tribe-oot the Judah hath prevailed to open f it-sa- ys such a condition of affairs - near their own firesides w would advise them to give heed to the words of Jesus;. "Pluck the beam out of thine own ejhafchamayest see clearly to take wiitlnkif brother 3 eye (or sister s as the case mav be.") It is also - claim edbv our oppressors that the right ot franchise for tho women of Utah is : monopolized for partisan , purposes. 1 his is also untrue. 1 have cast my vote at every election in the proper placo and at the proper time ever since the privilege" was granted in 1870, and I cad truthfully de- clare I have never been instructed in regard to my choice of candidate, - neither have others of . r , 't)inand'iie Alpha and Omega 7, the end; the first and the last. Again lie says "I am' the root and the offspring of David the bright and morning star, .which makes it very plain to my understanding thaLGod had great respect for those : who believed and practised plural marriage, and indeed preferred that for his holy son Jesus to come through, lineage . i ana as neisi .ii tue tood ortv .uavia, who was a man after. God's own heart, it becomes a most positive proof to me that Jesus Christ, is the stone and author of this principle; therefore understanding and believing the v; am ; - - 1 :; 1 . - .1 ' ! chief-corn- er Bible as I do, reason and my own conscience forces me not only to adopt the principle of ' I must pracplural marriage in my .faith,-bu- t tise the same. I also read in John, Chapter 8, .. where " our "blessed" Savior says, "if ye were Abraham's children you would do the works of Abraham." In Luke he says, there shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth, when you shall see Abraham, Isaac and Jacob, and all - the prophets in the kingdom of God, "and $e yourselves cast out. But this is not all, as I have previously told you by letter. God has: commanded us through Joseph Smith, our martyred prophet, that wo must obey this law. as did his ancient servants and handmaidens that we may become one with him, or where He dwells we cannot come. For us us a people to ignore or set aside this principle would be to incur the displeasure of an offended God. I know those who are calling for special legi3- lation against ,us, say plural marriage is you where Jesus saidjto his disciples, " verily say nmto you that ye which have followed me in the regeneration, when the Son of man shall sit in the throne of his glory, ye also shall sit upon judging "thelwelve tribes of Israel: Now let me ask what is this regeneration he speaks of? Is it the mode of doing away with the patriarchial order, of - . I to; the-twelve-th- rones marrying more than wives one? No, that cannot be for Jesus says himself, that a house divided against-itse- lf cannot stand. And he would thereby destroy himself for He was born of that peculiar lineage; and all mankind would thus be left without a Redeemer, and therefore lose their salvation, then of necessity in order to follow him .in the regeneration and' become one with him we must be adopted into the same lineage, and to the works of Abraham and those to whom the promise of Christ was v;-- : '.given. The anti-pol-y gamists say there are no true homes jvhere polygamy s practised. What a strange contradiction in sinful man, praying Congress to enact laws to tear our family ties asunder, thereby casting hundreds of faithful, virtuous wives and their children on a cold unfeeling world, branding them with disgrace and illegitimate birth, and at the same time praying God that when they die he will take them to Abraham's bosom, Abraham who was in every sense. of the word a practical polygamist. "0, consistency thou art a jewel" It is also asserted by our enemies in Utah that we are an oppressed people, by priestly dominance and power; and that the women of Utah are ignorant and down trodden, living in a state of slavery and serfdom to their husbands and the priesthood. This, ; dear cousin, is, believe me, all false, and those who declare it knowJn their hearts it is not true. There may be homes that are not happy ones, and some women who are tyrannized o ver by their husbands. Let me ask you are there not similar instances in other denominations, both in pur own "country and ' abroad? 7 If not we most heartily congratulate them,. Bat if there U ; ' - : . . v , Church. I -- have read histories of the nations from' the .first period of man's existance .on the earth, to the prefent time and I fail to find anywhere on the pages of history, in any age of the world where women have, stood on a higher plane or broader basis of liberty and virtue than "do the women of Utah, religiously, c "our -- . .T V"' .. With the deepest regard for the righ U of numanuy, 1 supscriDemyseii as ever, Your sincere friend, . . . v" Nancy Akete Clark. - JFarjnmgton,tJtali-r- - - Shall I say more? Words sound vain m scenes of deep affliction, silence then seems eloquent" We conquer best when we fight" the battle of life alone. We like David, when going to fight Goliah have our own armor,another dm " ; not fit us. .; Our., heart says in decp sorrow to the choice and valued friend, don't speak, but grasp my hand, with the grip of love and truth and strength, will be infused by the sacred : touch 0: heaven-Dor- n lriendship. Wou Id I ?7f were near to fromfort you, but by the penning see that:my spirit was ..of...thu.aetter youwill . . with you in your griel; and who shall dare' to deny that by some propelling ppwer the demonstration of which at this time we ignorant of, and at best "see through a glass darkly," who shall say that the spiritual breath-nig- s of a sympathetic spirit, i3 not conveyed instantly to its kindred, : and congenial and throw3 over it a soothing, enlightening influence in the hour of trial, and gloom. When; we have before our eyes, what the mind of man, by the inspiration : of the Almighty has accomplished in this our day, when by aid of steam, and wire, and electricity, knowledge, has almost become omniscient, and we can make known our wants and wishes, thousands of miles distant. ; ..Feb, 19,1382 it 1 ... are-ver- . , "Songs that have power to quiet The restless pile of care, And come like a benediction That follows after prayer;" .. ' ; -- MalynHolrtically. - .iw7; , . - . ; tu fionTand ever if practical and but lakes a poet to discern all the healthy; - blessed influenced they :contamhevfn truth, X,7 y co-spir- it? com-fortin- LETTER TO A FRIEND. . THE DEATH Of A "BELOVED BR0TiTeR. ON Dear mourning fkiend. I ' - ceived have j ust re- - the letter that tells me of your I033; and of your sorrow for the same; and at once, I sit down to say whatever a sympathizing heart - may dictaterand makeDalDablenthirjahGry that though, far away you may realize that I oiu usw, u uwjire vw oner a. iew worus oi that may soften your grief on the removal of your dear brother from this stage of action; he had been a great sufferer, and there wa3 no hope of a restoration to health, and vigor; then .we may rest assured he was taken in love; "He is not dead but sleepeth "Will you put on mourniher aDDarel. anrl h1.ir! scarf for him, who is now covered with a glorious attire of joy and gladness, who is adorned with "raiments as white as the unsunned snow ? I know by my own experience, that Nature i3 imperative in her demands in such sad moments, and she has a just right to her duesand when these arcpaid, revelation steps inland pointing up to the glorious mansions to which he ha3 attained, gently but forcibly bids the eye to cease its weeping, the heart to quiet its agonized throbbing; to dwell upon the love that has released a suffering beingf to place it in joy and peace ineffable ! it unfold3 the. vision of our mind, and we see our beloved released from a sufiering body, and emerging into a higher life; renewed, in vigorated-wi- th every faculty expanded and increased in a ratio, that our finite understandings cannot compute. He is reunited with all the loved ones gone before him. Above all, your mother ! your beloved, and mo3t venerated. mother one you all so richly appreciated, imagine their reunion, both glorified and immortal beings, and finding himself in a place where Godis most especially present. Though it may be, not yet admitted into the immediate presence of the great "I am" but he, and all that blessed throng have received a fulness, according to their capability-o- f receiving and enjoying, and are in a state of eternal progpession, and love. Longfellow beautifully happiness says and : ' 1 . ? n no mila "w rtan vuiume m a sentence. not-An- lr Ljon.4he-5urface-of-t- " . -- con-dolenc- ei 5 . . -- . -- f "There Is no death! what seems so is iue oi mortal breath la bntra suburb of the life eljslan, "Whos portal tfecsll death !" , transition xuiB 7 Sii pottUJjrextiii of JUX-Jzwpircd Si : land,-but-si- he by side riV wan tne guipri6tream ot the jnighty-ocean- s; the wire conveys the wishes, and demands the. sympathizing sentence, the telling of which carries oaim to many a broken heart, or carries the secret affairs of nations to its expecting ally. Can we then have the least possible doubt that the Telegraphs of the eternal worlds are not millions of times more efficient than our terrestrial apparatus? Though beautiful, and admirable they are bu t as the toys of children to the - accomplished rhcchamV. me-"- .' thinks that the glorious operatives of the empyreum smile with delighted aproval, when they behold the attempts of the children of earth, to make this terrestrial globe a worthy footstool for the Creator and fashioner of the same. By-th- e whisperings of the spirit of is much made known to the listening truth, ear of the truth seeker. My friend, in thi3 your hour of darkness and trial, may the light and truth of heaven dawn upon your mind. I shall not apologize for leadinsr vou a few stens into the naths of y science, by which the Christian can draw analogy that opens the illumined volume oi eternity, and enables him, or her, to rise above all terrestrial things, which are merely "suburbs of the life elysian." I here lay aside the letter and "would as a postscript, now we are on the subject of death, remark upon the many great ones of the world, ? -- A X short--r- amnnir w)irm Aoath Yoa mlfliina-iTAo1 years made such havoc;, the last two or three r t a f years have been notable for the death of not - c d Emerson, Longfellow and George as if by consent passed away. I must make few of my sentiments palpable regarding these "honored dead," but now I feel my Editor will , v fKa Cnrlvle. Eliot, have : 0 V, fl say Lmmum biifficit. Hanntah T. Kino. Salt Lake City, July 24th, 1882. Justice is on the side of woman ipirit g, William E Seward. ; t. suffrage. h( - St H 