WOMAN'S 12 Editor. - EHMELISE B, WELW, " In Salt Lake City, Utah Terns: One copy one year, $2. 00; one copy elx months $1.00 Ten copies for the price of nine. Advertising rates: Eiwh square," ten lines of nonpareil " space, one discount to time, $2150: per month, $3. 00. A liberal ' : ; . regular advertisers. Council the of Room Office West Lower IIExponenf House, Bouthi Temple Street. Bnslness hours from 10 arm. to 5 p. m. very day except Snnday. : ; : Address all business communications to Pubhshed semi-monthl- y, - JUNE SALT LAKE CITY; DESERET HOSPITAL. - Everyman and woman who title sees "this will certainly feel a thrill of gladness that steps have b en taken to Inaugurate such an Institution for. the sick and afflicted. Long has this need 1 been fel t, and - efforts have several - times been made to obtain the desired result,yet In the past they have proved ineffectual, but at this time all has been taken-ho'- d of with a determination that should merit success. The Relief Society organized In each ward- - often finds Itself laboring under gieaj .difficulties for lack of the facilities necessary in caseof accident and those emergencies of various kinds incidental to human life that require jspeciaLattentlon az It is sincerely to be hoped that the people evrey where will appreciate the needs for a hospital, and the beneQts which will accrue to the sick and distressed, and will lend their influence and donate literally of the means which is la their p33S9sskm,for the establishment and permanency of the hospital, that they may receive 'the blessing of tho Lcrd open the sub. - stance over "which" thoyraromadeiitewards." This JIospital i3 under the direction of able women, women of integrity and of faith, women -- who have proved themselves capable of ma nag-inbusiness aflUira economically. Their names are a guarantee that all will be done practically with a view of the Hospital becoming toits utmost extent. Circtfiars have tcen -- published and are now rosdy to distribute, throughout tho country in all the Slates ef Zion, setting forth the rules nnd regulation?, giving the names of officers and including an appeal addressed to Presidents of Stakes, Bishops, Prcsio'en Island mtmbers of the Relief Society, SuperinlenderrtsntIlVcidents ' . of Y. L. and Y. M. M..I. A. X w i- things-seem-propitious.-- flag to th,.4rroantalri'' breeze, proceeded: to erganiza a provisional 'government, preparatory to becoming apart of the Federal Union. When by the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, this portion, of Mexico was ceded to the United States, they sought at once, by proper means, to tecure lha rights and privileges of statehood. California, the settlement of which ty citizens of the United ce States, was largely due pople of this same time as at made the application Territory, they for admission into 'the Union; arid was successful. To Utahjwcs granted a territorial ; form of government. For thiriy-tw- o years, - the ci tizena of t h is Territory have been kept out Saints In good standing, Zmaybecome a memberjJof tbiBiAViociaMonby - the payment of onedollar annually; such tme? member.of-iha- . and amount Committee, to be voted upon attheaext month ly meeting". The board of managers expect to establish in connection with the Hospital, a school for the purpose of educating midwives and training nurses for the sick, in order that the people in all tho Stakes of Zion may be better supplied with efficient help In the hour of extreme need. Latter-da- y -- to-tf- ' j;-vr.- of the Union, and g self-sustainin- g 1 One of these circulars it is expected will as soon as possible be put into the hand of the '; persons named, and it is earnestly desired they will use their influence to aid in this benevolant undertaking. And to all those who desire to . follow in thofoatsteps of the blessed Savior of the world, this woik will be assuredly, moat acceptable. His ti mo upon the earth was mostly devoted to healing tho alok,t.ho lame, the dumb, the blind nnd tbo.ee alUictcd pth, all manner of Thoso ho Jake upon themrelvcs his name should emulate his example; and itis wtll known that lie went about doing good. Officers of Deseret Hospital Association, Salt City-P- res. E. R: Snow SmitbVico-Prcs- . inaD. H. Young.- Executivo Board, M. Isabella Home, Mariuda N. Hyde, Phebe Woodruff; v s, CONVENTION. The Constitutional Convention met pursuant to adjournment on Tuesday June 6, at 2 o'clock P. M., in the City Hall,' Hon. Joseph F. Smith in the chair. Among other business transacted theTeport of the vote on'ihe Constitation was read accepted and ordered to be placed upon the minutes. Votes cast in its favor were 27,814 and those against Jt numbered only 4 93, A commit, tee was appointed to nominate delegates to go to Congress present tho Constitution and ask for its ratfflcation. . The Committee were Messrs. D. O. Smoot, L. J. Nuttall, G. W. Thatcher, F. A. -- - . H.-Wella- Hamm'ondl-E.-:G.-Woolle- adopted by unanimous' vote. The President announced that 5000 copies of the Constitution had been printed with the names of the s dele-gate- a4J)eondIstrI'achanjdl buted. The committee on nominations . -- reported the following names as delegate: AVm. H. Hooper, John T. CMno, James Sharp, W. W. Rlter, Salt Lake Co., Franklin 8. Richards) David HPeery, Weber Co., W. D. Johnson Jr. Washington Co. Report adopted. Some expression was given by the members in regard to the time when the delegates should go to Wash-ingtoand the prevailing sentiment ercmed to bo in favor of presenting the Constitution to the present session of Congress. Minutes were read amended and np;.roved,and the Convention aajourned untU:;pctobcr 9, 18Sifet2 B7.. unless sooner called by the President. n, We W. Smith, Jane S. Richards, Ellen B. Ferguson M. D. Hec Eaimeline B. Well, Treas. Matilda M.Barratr, Chairman Visiting Commi tteefE!;zibeth Howard. Finance Com-- " mittee Mesdames Sarah 3 . Kimball, Priscilla M. Staines, Priscilla Jennings, Aririio.G. Sharp Sarah Jane Cannon, Hannah T. King, Elizaboth Mro.-E.-B.-AVelfa-- was some discussion as to whether the delegates should go now and lay the matter before the.present seaion of Congress or wait until the next session. The report of the Committee on Memorial was submitted by the chairman, Gen. D. H. Wells. Memorial read and laid on the table. The following morning at 10, the Committee convened, when the Memorial was taken up read again discussed and amended, and was MEMORIAL. -- -- Bathsheba y. To the Ucnorblh the Senate un'fl House n Iieprescn ZtiLvJteUnitcd4$lates, in f Congress assembled: " Qentlemen The citizens of the United States in the t Territory of Utah, through their dele-gatill Convention, rajpelifully present this Memorial, ? asking for; their admission into the Federal Union as a free and sovereign State, on the eame footing a? the other States, under the es under-th- e disadvantages of a system which in many respects, is foreign to the principles of democratic republicaniem. They now, for the fourth time, approach your Honorable Body, with their respectful petition for that" republican form of government which Congress Is required by the Constitution to guarantee to " every State in thy Union. And they submit that Utah has outgrown the conditions, if they ever existed, which Justified Ifc . -- - i-1 ; ;-,- i Any lady member of the Church of Jesus Christ of 15; 1S82. ,'" ;; adopted. ; When the people who opened this vast region to civilization, and rendered possible its settle. advanced races, first pilote- d- tbtirl V,Vyt feet upon the virgin toil of these valleys, it was part of the dom aia; of the Republic of Mexico, five, hundred f their stalwart men wera in the field aiding in "Tthe war with that Foweryiind they cccupied this part of the country a loyal xi tizenp of the United State and unfurling it , locality.. UtahlS antiie of the State of with fcubmlt the Constitation which they.hav name Groesback, Ellen Din woodey, El izabetti H. Goddard, Sophia WrTaylor, JRMdmi PhjB clan and Surgeon, Dr. iCBrFergrison Visiting? F. Board Dr. Seymour B. Young, Dr. son. Visiting Surgeon Eye and Ear, Dr. Romaina B. Pratt. Clinical Reglstrarand DIs pensary Clerk, Miry YE. VanSchaonhoven. IclHJanheStake Matron, Mary "Attn of Presidents the Relief Society are members of the Honorary Committee, each one to represen T the interests of the Hospital in her respective . Publisher Woman's Expokkht, Salt Lake City Utah. EXr OONX. the establishmenfc-- of that-lmperfect-poh- Ucal- system which has been to long continued. Her population numbers at least 150,000. Her agricultural; stoclnsiDgnianufacturing mineral and other resources and industries, are of such magnitode that she Is abundan tly able to bear the burdens and mtet the"expense3: involved In independent statehood. Her cities towns and villages f xhibit all the marks of thrif tjprosperlty and order that indicate capacities for ment. Unaided by ,ahy extraneous assistahcef schools for the education of her; children .flourish in every settlement within her borders. The local laws protect life and property with more than common safety, and extend all possible , liberty to persons of every party, creed and race, without distinction. 'Railroads and telegraph-lineconnect her people with each other and with all parts of this great nation, and they are familiar with tho common interests and public questions which blend the various States in unity. There is nothing to prevent Utah from taking an active part in the Federal com- pact but those barriers of prejudice which have been built up chiefly through misrepresentation aided by unfamlliarity with the facts. We further submit that the exercise of absolute and unlimited power over the, great body of citizens inhabiting this Territory, which is claimed by Congress as a light, Is , can in theory, and mcsfc oppressive in practice We have no voice in the election of tfie national , legislators who, without understanding our con-dition, occasionally. make laws to goyern uSCr--of those authorities who appoint officials to conduct our aflkiis. The Governor, placed over us without our consent, has the power to, render void nil the acta of the legfalature electc(jby the people, by simply withholding hiH signature theieto. This absolute veto; power is added to the supreme authority of Congress to abolish or make null all or any of our local laws. The , eisenf lal pr!nleydfAmerican re pu bllcanism, as enumerated In the Declaration Of Independence, are tfaua grossly; violated, 'and the people alike of Utah are kept In a condition of vaeealsge -- Self-gover- n. ' pol-itic- s al anti-repub- ll ; -- 