rrtv re reatlnd;vcrhal7ept'eWn Foclety tation of all save thrcwrrft gtyt'nby duly nut!; - orized rf)resrntaiiv4 irornvhich-wcfcarutHthat the Stake organization was In a prosprous reniV with a bowl cf .pelscnl XhtztnJmi plni 'of thoumnds, who" in diiTerent tvrmniavmet a cjuldth fthe lnclples or purity n& and which nneath, and 11m othfr wat of Oetcber Gin, IS3 LaaJcsS cIo?tl Zuftbe pplrit that jervaded J I and the nin8lpusicCueDre vltihrcw ever all that m'ghty fi?.nib!age of thousands ;;..cf:":.tJ'n'inan beings, will long, long1 be felt! eurely It will never fade or die, but, will fss into diiTertnt forms as it prevades the hiftnan strata. My heart g yearned, and still vearns to geetLafipear-fe" irrpStnpWlel form, and Issued through the - -- " : all the good and Intelligent of all the ages since, have htld their words up "as Immortal, models and almost deified the writers.1 ; "When Christ was ;opon. how He&s the few, the y- o -- who has. been raised under the teaching cf the Old and New .Testament, who have ccknowl-edge- d as their God, the God of Abraham, Isaac T Death! :.; . - j-jL-- How God forsaken must,, that ;m ind be, that does not know Truth when hearing it how perverted the training, how false the education cf such a mind! How sweet is truth, how we love those whom we know ever speak truth! What entire confidence wo have In them! They are a blessing to all who associate with them!1 Now my mind reverts to those four days just parsed, and in my "mind's eye" I see those assembled thousands every eye bent to one focus, and every ear in the same direction, every brain comprehending the principles enunciated, some more, some in less degree, but all according: to their capability, every heart acknowledging, and endorsing those Heaven-lor- n principles and I know the power and . spirit of God was In that assembly in a marvelous degree, and I rejoice, and glory in the fact, that mighty assembly comprised the covenant servants and handmaidens of the Lord, who had made a covenant with Him by sacrifice, many had laid their hearts treasures upon the altsr and were ready for the sacrifice, if their salvation could not be accomplished without it,ali:in some way bad made the needed f acrifice; if the poor had not wealth, they had something nearer: and dearer a father, or mother, cr husband, or wife, but they --heard the Gospel in its fulness and with it they heard a Voice saying, "Whoso : loveth father or mother or wife or child, or any possession more; than me or my Gospel is not worthy of me! and cannot be my disciple, but whoLWill make a covenant wltbTme by sacrifice, shall in this life receive a hundred fold, and in that which h to come life everlasting." " -- . ; d . R S., Y. L. U. I. A. AND PRIMARY REPORTS. ; : . . SUMMIT STAKE. of the Relief V T.nc. Bemi;Aniiual Conference ties-bein- g represented. .Presidents CluiTand Pack, of the Stake au thori ties,, wkre present as PSl-eyJso-werohc- were also Sisters Howard and Lake City. The d m?pr President MarV J. A ff.wnml - Th Tv"ooo" choir finished excellent singing. Tte yarioar by- 1 Hornlfrorn Salt' Conferencewas,-ireiifle- nja4r - attention and wero much; appreciated. Sister Howard complimented, Jn the course of her re-the sisters of the Ivarnas Society upon iiiark?, : . ...... i p ii mo creamy appearance 01 ine meeting house -- , . 1 1 . and upon the "nianiistuitlie neataefisnd-orderthat- ar room. -:rsr Presfdents Cluff and "NY. E. Pack, made a few cheering remarks, spoko encouragingly of the work being done by the Societies in general; and gave some good and appropriate instruc' tions applicable "to our present circumstances. Sister Eliza Rhead, Prwient, of ilie-Yof that rrvssociatioTr37poWi ' : organization. On the following day (Saturday forenoon) the Y. L. M. I. A., met in Conference, and the --afternoon was devoted to the Primary Associations, Sister L. Roundy, President. Both meetings were addressed by SistersTIorno and Howard. 1 he remarks of Sister Homo at the Y. L. and Primary meetings were replete with good and appropriate counsel N and advice, and were given in such a pleasing and simple manner, that thoT juvenile audience were highly pleased and interested. Their bright and countenances. showincj to the "observer that they were liighly pleased and edified in her remarks to them. The Conference adjourned to meefinjCoal- ville on the first Friday in 31arclrnext. . . This Conference was one of theljest ever held in the Stake; and let us hope that we will be benefited thereby.. All were highly pleased ahd gratified with' the visit of Sisters Howard J. S. Boydex. and Horne. . . - -- L, -- " - . nt. . ' . . WEBER STAKE. . . Dear Sister "Wells, The ladies of the Relief Society including the Y. L. Jf. I., and Primary Associations, held their Conference on cept. 7th, oth and uth, insts., which were ail well attended considering the busy season. The Spirit of the Lord was indeed with us, and we received much good and wise counsel from L those jwhoaddrcsed usr -- which, if practiced,-wou- ld make us better and nobler men and women. The Conferences were adjourned for three months. Please excuse a more lengthy' tim e. Respectf ally, report this r . :2'--Harris.7 - Mokta Ogdenl j: . i rr.:.-- ' ST. GEORGE PRIMARY. . The P. A. of St.jGeorgeStake held a Fair here on June 30th, and July 1st, in the basement of the' Tabernacle. Articles of all sorts and kinds were exhibited,representing the jabor-- of childrcnvfromfour years - of age to sixteen " One table was covered with fancy ar- tides, one table with that which is useful, one a with boy's articles, such as trunk or two, wagons, traps," doll's furniture, &c.y &c. Another table was devoted to vegetables, another to cookery, while the. room was A table-was-- T: lined with beduiltsand-ru2- A3r 1 ill was Mlf given up to tno display 01 silk, wnicn and vciy all good. Much satisfaction was given, seemed repaid for time and labor spent. Prizes necessarily-ver- y simple, by the Pres. to encourage the children. Pres; J . H. ivin?, shoul-terwho had the full .responsibility on her m deseyvea great credit for the manner hay-racksrak-es, Societies of Summit' Stake was held at Kamas on Friday, Sept. 1st, 1882. The Conference was welUtb3nhneiirly.alPtheAYai ! ... Tinni37ot' general interest to the Societies. Their remarks were , listenctlto withTmarkcd -- God-give- v rs : . r 4 ' plaTnTrarm lath,- tjui to-da- - Bible asaa inspired volume, and containing the plan of solvation, and the rule and guide of life must at cnc decide tiiat a Voice waa heard In - that Tabernacle during those four days, soaring above all human Voices declaring the truth of the words spoken, and of the principles advoca- from whichf there Jed, yesand JLirtis -- a --Voice : was no appeal! :ti"T-'- . Can it be possible that any man or woman as pfroTi VdiiPfSStttehi Si-te- -- the, to-day- icid rfveiihlsleich"ings, and ceived the name of Christian in dexlsfcn! Since then and for generations He has been acknowledged, the worshiped the deified SonofjGod! thf y JAreJI!8 words 4ruerissued from His sacred Hps? No they are the r nd- - foreverbntrit --7 same "yesterday,, has priecoep Hlm-wl- th the Up at any . please, to worship rate! "v.':;Vr:A-v:::"A mind, open to truth, from whatever source n it cornea is a mind, such a mind can- not be "far from the kingdom of God." Truth never extends her hand-t- error,let it take what "ever form of beauty it may. Truth is the Priestess of God, speaks Jy His voice, inspired by HI3 spirit, leads and guides by His teachings is eternal, immutable immortal! Error in whatever shape or form is ignorance, darkness Some of the discourses were, so Inspirational, so logically, truthful, so actually sublime, that it seems to me, that every honest, every intelligent and Jacob, acknowledged Jesus Christ as the Savior and Redeemer of the world, and consequently as their Savior and Redeemer, can they, could they hear, or read the discourses of the list four days, these days of Conference and turn aw3y shut up their ears and their understanding and decide they cannot receive it, simply. because these sublime truths, theso eublime principles were promulgated by Latter- dayfcamt llaere,nen they, are the same prm- ciplts they have been "educated under, the same truths enunciated, only enlarged and elabsraied and Illuminated by a" greater-ligh- t, even the ligh t of revelation! '.. The God of Abraham, Isaao and Jacobof of of Isaiah, of Eztkiel and all Moses, Enoch, the ancient rrophetsi3 the Gc.d of the Latter- day Saints, Jesus Christ the acknowledged Savior of the world, is the acknowledged Savior cf the Latter-da- y Saintsthen ' why. is all this this rejection, turning away from Truth? Truth Is eternal, and cannot c!ash, or misfit' .' with another truth. - Satan spoke truth to the Savior when tempt"He hath given Ills angels ing him-sa- ying charge concerning thee lest thou dash thy foot against a BtoneP, Who does not know that this was truth even from the mouth of Satan? I am speaking to illustrate that "Truth is tru th where'er 'tis found!" How often does a very child speak a truth, at which we are astounded, and for the moment we are humbled, as though in the presence of a superior being, and "we knew It not!" What beautiful, sublime, and practical truths those ancient but most accom-pllsheheathens enunciated for the rule and guide of life! "What morale! What manncn! eo pure, that they have been studies for the pnre, and gooi, through all those ages even down to us! As Brother Kimball used to say of good things, "if they are not in the Bible they ought to be!" Who thinks of rejecting then.? No one, they are in the libraries ' cf nil th grand of earth All acknowledge them aa sublime truth. . Yet they were enunciated by ukxx an '"eu altar. "To the unjenosx their time- and were hated and pu I to demh for tii(J principles which they taught and practiced; I will only name two of thtee great, grand men, Seneca and Socrates one-w- .the..carthijnoj; the purejiiiearliia Ilia i ol low ers re L The Conference was addressed ty Pres. M. J4 "Aitwood ami Counselor Ann CiutT and Ruth of .local interest, " and jof an appropriate nature. "They were foP - ;lowed Howard and Horne; thev r by spoke in their &uaOnieregti -. - United States, and England, Jhat honest minds night read and be instructed from the perusal. rnlnd,vsry:m they taught and practiced morality HTbc;asecnce : n . 1 mm V wijren, s, t 