' 164- "WOMANS EXPONENT , should never lose it and his words were verified. If alMhe hymns, psalms, and songs she has given utterance to had been written, we should nave a choice collection of musical pieces. Her voice wasjrdlike and full of symphony. Sister Whitney removed from, Kirtland to Illinois in 1838, and arrived in Nauvoo in the spring of 4839. In Nauvoo the beautiful home of the weary Saints who had fled from the mobs of Missouri, there was much suffering from chills and fever, it was what is termed an ague country, and the people, were not prepared to battle with it. The family of Bishop Whitney were afflicted with this terrible disease, all succumbed one after the other until there was not one left to wait upon the others; but kind and loving friends ministered to them and on more than one occasion the Prophet Joseph himself prepared tea and took to them, offering it himself for their nourishment. Sister Whitney was very delicate and had been accustomed to servants to wait upon, her, now she was ill and a family of children sick looking to her and no servant to help her, but few luxuries and poor accommodations, still no complaint ever escaped her, no rejoining for the home she had left. She cheered and encouraged her husband through all the trials they experienced, and was a help- meet to him in very deed. In 1$40, before they had succeeded in getting a home of their own or any comforts around them another son was born which increased ihe number of children to sevfh and the mother's care arid responsibility- wgs tbus enlarge! but no murmur was ever heard from - - sweet, her voice as musical as ever, and the sisters, who were greatly! perplexed with many things, and often Borely, tried, would go to Sister Whitney for counsel and sympathy and sheturned none away empty, but in her beautiful way strengthened them in humility and good works, thus heloing to lift the burdens that oft press heavily her lipi Her smile was as w upon womankind. Sister Whitney was one of the veryfirst of her sex who received the ordinances of the House of the Lord and tofficiate as a Priestess in hoiy places and afterwards in the Temple in Nauvoo where hundreds of the daughters of Eve weri blest under her hands. When the Relief Society was organized in Nauvoo she was chosen and ordained First Counselor to the President, Emma Smith, and being possessed of the greateat genuine sympathy and benevolence she wjas well adapted to the position, and filled it With honor and credit, gaining the love and gratitude of all to whom she was called through! circumstances to minister, ever be-stowing favors and blessings in the most unostentatious manner. Sister Whitney has always been possessed of great, yea, mighty faith in administering to the sick and afflicted In Nauvoo the Church progressed rapidly in knowledge of things pertaining to preparation for a future state. Many wonderful principles were revealed to the Prophet Joseph and from him- to his faithful brethren and sisters. Sister Whitney was one of the purest of women and was therefore a chosen vessel of the Lord. She was taught the principle of plural marriage . hy the Prophet himself and as a proof of the testimony she received from the Lord in answer to prayer; she and her husband gave in this order of marriage their daughter Sarah Ann when seventeen years of age to the Prophet Joseph, with their free and full consent. She was the first woman given in thij dispensation with the consent of the parents. These . things were not done rashly but in the fear of God with fasting and prayer. In Jan-- Sister uary 1844, Whitney became the honored . mother of the first child born in the new and everlasting covenant of marriage, a daughter " whom the Prophet blessed when a babe and ' ' - named Mary. -- : - - y-- ; verv earlv in the Vear 1845 that Bis hop Whitney decided to enter upon the practise. ot tne principle oi piurai maxnugv, auu i wp freely and with characteristic nmgnanimity soul gave her consent for others to shark with Ijer the home and society of the husband she loved and honored. Such poof of devotion to principle cannot be jgnored by One on high who sees not as man sees, and tkose true daughters of Sarah who established the new and everlasting covenant "of marriage upon the earth in this dispensation have secured to themselves "a more exceeding and eternal weight of glory." lu February, Jl 846, when the Saints were exiled from their homes, while the Mississippi was frozen oyr, Sister Whitney left her comfortable home, and crossing the river on the little children, who were feeble ice with and sickl, she bade adieu to all, without ever rerl nil the hardships inci dent to traveling through a new and unbroken country. In consequence of exposure, and sleeping upon the cold ground, she contracted rheumatism, from which she never entirely recovered; she suffered very greatly, and at one time almost entirely lost the use of her right arm; through faith and anointing it was restored, though never entirely free from pain. While encamped at Winter Quarters. Sister Whitney had another son born, making eleven children in all that she had borne. She suffered very much, but she had always a testimony to bear to the truth of the Latter-da- y work. Her little son was called Newell and although he was small and feeble, yet she clung to him with that marvelous faith which the possessed in such an eminent degree, and when to all human evidence he seemed to be dead, she cried unto the Lord, and He gave her the dead to life again in answer to prayer. In Winter Quarters, Sister Whitney passed through some of the most trying ordeals which woman could suffer and live, yet her faith remained unshaken, and she seemed to draw still nearer to the throne of heaven, laying all upon the altar for the Gospel's sake. She had the joy and satisfaction of having her two eldest sons, Horace and Orson, among the pioneers who came to this valley in 1847. In May, 1848, she, with her husband and family started enroute for the valley in the company of Heber C. Kimball. The toils of that wearisome journey, tothat frail, delicate mother, with her large family and helpless babe, no tongue can tell, nor pen portray. Only the angels, who possess infinite power, can make a fitting record of such devotion and heroism. Arriving in the valley in October, worn and weary with fatigue and hardship, Sister Whitney still preserved the same sweet spirit and equanimity of soul. She had always a word of consolation for those who had not the same unbounded faith, and her charity for the weak and tried ones was most sublime. In September, 1850, not quite two years after arriving in the valley, Bishop Whitney died very suddenly; it was thought by many of Sister Whitney's friends she could not long survive after this sudden shock; and besides, the Bishop had been a most attentive and devoted husband, almost anticipating her every thought and wish. But Sister Whitney rallied quickly, and accepted the conditions of her bereavement without complaint. f Her little son, who was afflicted with disease of the spine required the most constant and tender care, and in her love for him and her anxiety he should grow up to manhood, she was so intensely absorbed as to forget her other griefs and cares. As soon as a place was prepared for endowments, President Young called upon. Sister Whitney to take charge of the woman's department; and, leaving her little lame boy in care of her daughter, Ann Maria, she went day after day to bless the daughters of Zion, and continued in this holy calling for many Tt wm jf br , Mel-chizede- k, - r years, until her tailing health would ho longer admit of the labor. In 1855 her little son, Newel M., died; but he had lived to receive the ordinance pf and been ordained to the holy priesthood, and so this faithful mother laid him away, feeling that all was well and God knew the best. She ministered for years after in the" Endowment House, which seemed the greatest consolation after the death of her darling bey. Her children one by one married, and her home became moie lonely, until at last she left it to reside with her youngest daughter, Mary. The same angelic spirit ever seemed to hover over her, and wherever she went this sweet influence accompanied her. The sisters will recall with feelings of satisfaction the sweet mel- ody of her voice, as she poured forth songs of blessing and praise, in the pure language in which she sometimes sung in the meetings La the Fourteenth Wird Assembly Koom3. But she has gone from our midst; we miss her sweet associations, but her memory will ever be fondly cherished in the hearts of the women of Zion. Sister Whitney had been for more than thirty-on- e years a widow, and for many yearg the cares of life pressed heavily upon her, but her spiritual nature was always equal to the bat-tis- -- temporal burdens, so that she was never really cast down, but buoyant with faith and hope. We cannot mourn for her, for we know she is happy; her pure spirit is free and untram-meleand she rejoices with those .who have beforegone Joseph and Hy rum; her own beloved companion, with whom she is reunited, her little ones and the hosts of Saints who await the morning of the first resurrection. Farewell, dearly beloved Mother in Israel, till we meet again where there is no more parting for ever and ever. Sister Whitney was the mother of eleven children, six of whom are now living; she had thirty-thre- e grandchildren and thirteen great . She occupied at the time of her death the position of Second Counselor to Sister E. R. S. Smith, President Presiding Board Relief Society. Perhaps no woman was better known in Israel than Sister Whitney, unless it be Sister Eliza. These two were intimately associated from the early days of the Church in Kirtland, and even before, in the CampbelHte Church, of which they were both members. The funeral of Sister Whitney wa3 held in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall on Friday Feb. 17th, at ten o'clock A. M. There were many and other members of children, grand-childre- n the family of Bishop Whitney present, also many officers and members of the Belief Society. The hall was well filled with brethren and sisters. A harp woven of choice and fragrant flowers was laid upon the coffin a beautiful reminder of the sweet angelic voice that has so often gladdened the hearts of many. Also a sickle wreathed in lovely white flowers1 and a sheaf of . wheat truly emblematic in its signification. Pres. A. M. Cannon conducted the services. ' The Tabernacle Choir rendered ;vO my Father thou that dwellest" Prayer by Elder John Pack. Singing "Nearer my God to Thee." After which remarks were made by Coun. D. H. Wells, Elder Lorenzo Young, Apostle Wil-for- d Woodruff, Pres. Joseph F. Smith and Pres. A. M. Cannon, the speakers "'dwelling much upon the exemplary life and amiable character of the departed. Choir sang "How firm a foundation" ic. Benediction was pronounced by Pres. Cannon s When the procession arived at the cemetery Coun. Wells offered prayer, dedicating and con- secrating the ground. Choir sang, "There k sweet rest hi heaven." We Abublish. as a fittinert testimonial of her life and character, the poem written for her on ' her last birthday. E. B. W. d, grand-children- 