W 0 MAIN'S t. EX 10 N i: N T. fcnt to and hoalrahlc people, as' a CEXES AND INCIDENTS IN NAUY00. LETTER FKOM FA1KYIEW. col-le- ct fundi tar tho parjxo of building Houh and Temple of the Lord, confident the-Xau- - ' fatnfristlngnialied Her name was Eliia Stotm'on-diiwho had : been accui&med' to hawrsr. wealth command, until ailer she had Teached herTeens, anxl her mother was taken froin her; by death," w hen her father returned to England, taking her with him, and in a few years, married - a proud English" lad y. Elizas was what might be called one of nature's noble ladies; she wa3 a brunette, slender and full of -I alaraTIIlr grace airs oian aristocrat, wmcn is. ananaugniy assumed by so many whom dame Fortune has raised from the lower ranks, as if afraid of not being recognized as such, but which is a positive and unmistakable sign of ignorance and arroganee. She was never happy with her step--- posite to each other; there was no sympathy between, them. She was constantly critiuiai'ir as well as reproved for being too condescending to inferiors, and too familiar with the servants, because she would go among them and treat them with - courtesy, as .she bad been accus- tbmed to do in her native land. When her ears were saluted with the everlasting Gospel she received aud obeyed its.mandates, and she had no misgivings nor regrets at leaving, her home in England, and following the Saints to America. She was poor and penniless, and had no knowledge, of any kind of housework, ... arid feeling-h- er inability --topayTher way, she wasunwilline to sit idle. and would ask the privilege of holping ;about the house; but her help was only a hindrance, and father seeing how she felt, bethought himself, of his History, r Jojcopy. 1 ins pleased which ho asked . being an agreeable employment UUL and ttUUUli bUO UUUCC, lady-lik- e, BUD He admired YiW D(J tUld andpoke of it repeatedly that he would not know of her presencejf he did see her, a compliment seldom paid to a n which she I still have a presented me, made by the natives, from the bark nf a trcnndiahiclrtriCTiraTBllg" tree. After a little time she took a school of young ladies, ; near my own age and taught during the summer; when she was unfortnnate enough to marry a shiftless young man, who came from Englandahd was incapable of providing for her. Soon after he denied the faith, and in the time of our trouble, left for St. Louis. While stopping at Winter Quarters, some of the brethren being sent down to St. Louis to purchase goods, she wrote and sent by them somejittle tokens, of remembrance to my mother and myself. She was still strong in the faith but in poor circumstances. ' Among a package of my father's papers lately found, was the following letter of commenda- - f$ neck-ribbo- -- . " his hand June 1843." which will pvnlnin object tV. of hi3 mission East. "To all Saints and honorable men of the earth greeting: "Dear brethren and friends; I, Joseph Smith a servant of the Lord, and Trustee-in-tru- st for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints, do hereby certify that the Bearer Hereof, Heber C. Kimball, an Elder and one of the Twelve Apostles of the Church of Jesus" Christ of Latter-da- y Saints, has deposited with me his bond and security, to my full satisfaction, according to the resolution of the Conference, held in this city, on tho 6th day of April iiwi.ixie.uiereiore is recommended to all samf , :- U-- of Israel, and worthy to he received and cnter-tain'eas a man of God: Yea, ho has, as had the ancient Apostles ( 0 logos o kalos)r the good icord, even the good word that lcadeth unto eternal life. Laus Dcus. Praiso God. Where- fore, brethren, and friends, while you havo the assurance of the integri ty fideli ty, and ability of .1 mis servant oi uio Jiving uou, irusung mat your hearts and energies will be enlivened, and deeply, engaged in the building of these houses, directed by revelation for the salvation of all Saints: and that you will not rest where you are, until all things aro prepared before you. d. j theproud f aitenumg our ivciiei oocieiy VOniercnco at Mt. held ' a meeting ' at 5 rr m Aitli nK Althouglrtho weather was cold and stormy the !lA!lCf Vfl VCp flff Rtztfiv Kmitli ifa.. earnest in her endeavors to impress upon tho - hoigrii Land.m-jire:athered-hom- -- e " to the Prophet Joseph Smith. : - bisters Hyde and .Morrison also bore their " placed in circumstances to know whereof they sdokc. oaiu mey wouiu not ue wminff 10 live " wTththT rest of wftmcti. s , . . . Tucker and wife, President Pritchett and others, wended their way to Thistle Valley, where they held meeting and completed the organization of the Relief Society and Primary, and encouraged the sisters, to be diligent in holding their meetings and attending to their . -- several duties. . ; They returned in the evenincr, and at 9 o'clock the next morning met with the Primary of this place. Sister Smith instructed tho children in their duties and gave .them much : motherly counsel which I am sure is appreciated, for it always makes the, children's eyes brighten to " hear that Sister E. R. S. Smith is coming to see them." "Altogether we had a time of rejoicing, and we hope now that the . -- railroad runs through our valley, that we will be favored- - with -- visits from our" sisters, more Lois A. Wilson, frequently. gathered from my father's' .. , "Pittsburg, July 28th, 1843. Last evening Elders B. Young, George A. Smith and W.Woodruff, came to our meeting as Elder Page i was preaclnng. I mustay that I was glad to see them, as Elder O. Pratt irilhis city nearly four weeks waiting for and-mvself-havo- them. I thank my Father in heaven thatT have tho privilego of hearing from my dear brothers and sisters and family; received three letters, one from my wife, one from my son William, and one from Helen. How precious to hear from my dear family whom I love and prize above all things here on earth, . but leave all for Christ's sake and the Gospel." During the summer we had (as' was usual) much, sickness in the city. My mother and babe, and all the rest of U3 were sick in the early part of the season. From a letter received from my father, dated Philadielphia "Aug. 13th, I gather the following." . "On the 10th I went to tho Post Office, and found a letter,, which gave mo joy mixed with sorrow, because vou have been sick, and vnn are so poor; Othat I had you with me, to soothe : your: task and make -- your burdens "lighter. Your letter wa3 written on the 19th of July. You said that little babe had been sick and all the rest of the children; I am sorry, but hope they are all well now. 0, my God, bless them and let their lives be precious in-tsight, is all my prayer thdayJong;ancLmydesirel3 to make all "happy and to have a pure heart before God, but I am frail and a poor weak man, and I need your prayers. I know that I have them and you are all rememberedjyhen I z - ,? bow before my Father. hy ; To be Continued. : r - Ohio Hospital Corresponding Secretary. for .Women' and Chil-- "recently solicited so much public attention as well as . general contributions, has met with such success as its benevolent character deserves. Almost from the day of its opening its beds have been filled, and many applicants have been refused admission for want of room. One feels on entering its pretty carpeted hall a3 if it were the entrance to a quiet, refined home, and this impression is strengthened in making a tour of the house. Its private rooms are charmingly furnished, and ornaments, such as ladies know so well how to arrange, are scattered liberally through the house. Many of the physicians of the city have manifested a warm interest, and one has now a patient in a e private room. The gratitude of those shared its privileges speaks . well for its usefulness. This institution is designed to be a While itsorime nurnose is ' - benefit to women. to relieve the afflictions of women' and children, its helpfulness is also reflective. It increases the facilities for practical work in the study of medicine, for those women of the city who may wish to adopt the profession. Since its doors were opened, it has cordially invited students -- to the clinics, and mven recent graduates in its dispensary, The attending physicians, at ' present, are the two ladies who have so long and earnestly : labored for its establishment, , I " " mornin ? it was raining and very com, dui me sisters, accompamea witn uisnop - - (Tho Hebrew Thave omitted -giving only the iournal: of "thatlrelation, for they knew it tended to elevate and not degrade - I- - ; ; strong in the belief, and have a growing expectation, that Ju will not withhold any means in your power that can be used to accomplish thi3 glorious work.-Finall- y as one that greatly desires the salvation of man, let me remind you all to strive with a godly zeal, for virtue, holiness and tho commandments of the Lord. Be o;ood, be wise, be just, be liberal; and above all be charitable always, abounding in- - good wofks7 And may health, peace and the love of God our Father, and the grace of Jesus Christ our Lord be and abide with you all, is 4ho sincere prayer of your devoted brother and friend in the everlasting Gospel, " Joseph Smith." of 1st. 1843. June Nauvoo, City .interpretation.) The following 1 of learning for themselves of the truth of this work, and to be true to their covenants and tneir kxodt bheaiso ijoreaithlultestimony .Israel,. to meet your God, I feel -- - On tho ICth lu4. we were lavomt witha visit from our: esteem etl Hister, E. it. S. Smith, accorapantetl by our energetic President, Mary A. 1. Hvde, of this Stake on ofSecr. E. B. Wi:li.s: Dear SUtcr: hii-commUsi- -- : E,n Miw. thb high trut, a well su that ha .will a a messenger of ardently fulill noble-men. peace and salvation, as one of the Lords ' can fervently say, may the Lord clear his way before him, and bless him, and bless those- that obey hfe : to foci. --V nn ears to laniruafre of the ? Hebrews He is in-t- he Que member of cur household I Have omittcvl to mentio n young hdy (a native of ihe East Iiidiwho olxjjcd the Gospel iaEngland, an J cmigrated.with a companj of Saints to Nauyoo. Ker mQtktiZVt&i an feast India lady of rank, land .her voo who-hav- 1 ' Dr. Ellen M. Kirk and Dr. Martha M. Ho wells.. The resident physician 13 Dr. Sarah Bebout, a recent graduate of Pulte UoJJege. beicctea. "' '' " ' - ". II. S. 