EX WOMAN'S 13 far short aa tTryanaha IV HUluuii, ouu UTU CltCUUJCU t-.vt. ' nnl rljimnrous for office, verilv not so. The " -- past and present of her career establishes clearly the reverse, What is the .testimony of -- too? in theslums has been brought about by man's management. If. under the complete control of man for so tnfinv flfres. it has -- attained that condition. what assurance have we of improvement with the present directors ??Would not wisdom sug- tne hft introduction oi a new element fe- -" - in, bodv politic. It certainly .would make it no .. worse. I hold that neither sex alone is com-.petent to rightly control the political destiny of ; the whole. It is.by uniting them that the best results are obtained. God intended man and woman to supplement each other, and' no of government can, be perfect till the system ' A il J' auo nnxinna wuuo TnnO uui. TUn iuoi uivine Liieurvy 13 tarneu TjM3S ticaf',-- aadrtneirinterests are idea K II. - ; - American Fork, June 7, 1882. . r ' - mnVntinns dAU Yin - : racr of.degrada;d thatthis political freedom; as the word white has been stricken from our; Constitution, : so its "twin relic" will go down tr the tomb of the capulets, andin. a discriminat mind. ing political sense, be no more called to But it may be said that if equal political rights office, EONB NT rf f . LIVE FOR A PURPOSE. WRITTEN FOR THE fcRllflRY. - , ? .Wyoming ? What is tbestimonyof ' history What is the testimony of her native inherent modesty ? With very few exceptions, her , noble impulses, her womanly instincts have-si .own, that 1 she is neither presumptuous nor ' spend all our time in seeking amusement and --l- - Zt?Hi!.5L2!5se4 or,strivingt,gafa all the the introduclion-of-wpmenrthe equality of the parlor. Society witli its io for she will do cood and not evil all the .days culture and refinement, is always above politics of her life." "Strength and honor are her in its moral tone. The world is full "of exam- - clothing, and .she looketh wel 1 to.thewayscallof of ihe refining influence of one pies illustrative her household,, her children arise up and ""sex Tfponthe other.Ilalf adozengiTl3in her blessed, and her works praise her in the rescue a whole university from rowdyism, while gates." I am so much of a Democratic Republia few boys are sufficient to train a girls' school can, that without any partial', interdictions,I to refinement. This law of mutual restraint can safely trust in the primary and caucus ? and influence is general, and politics must be gatherings to select suitable candidates for the brought within the sphere of its operation, if we respective offices to be filled, It surely docs would purify the political atmosphere. not arguo very strongly for mens' genius and : Politics being the science of government courage to" bo fearful, that , woman with so nronerlv it is apointf education. and children many odds against her, will out 'generalhim ;and get away with the most important offices, ought to be taught its principles and precepts, ana-p- o wers land- - iearnits-natur- e i oman is and those too that she is not capacitated to. fill. Latter-day She mind the few infant the of Sonde men profess to believe that a gives early trainer the first impressions, and to do so successfully Saints in the Rocky Mountains, if let shouldunderstandrwell the theory and practice alone, will revolutionize afld bring Ihe world of the subject; especially is this needed as the to bondage or grief. I think there is no danger mind expands, and begins to reach forth and in .either, case. : Give woman and the Mormons and and their equal and just rights privileges, gather up fruits of knowledge that are strewn here and thereabout its feet. It is said howthe Republic is safe, society will not be demor" ever, that if woman becomes a politician, it alized, the world will be made happier-an- d will be likely to lead to fiimily jars and the all "liberty will be proclaimed throughout on my Ivfli republican, another a democrat one a locofoco, another a whig; and - Theocracy gives woman her true position for that bedlam generally will be let loose. If that under that rule all things are done by comis correct reasoning, mon consent. She has the right to vote and her rgnorance is bliss." Tis "vote counts equally with the greatest ruler. folly to be wise," and the less woman knows tHe to hold and the also we al Sho office, right possesses lesshcillpposrrBfft will does she not fill- - the position creditably? In it to why apply politics more we than to any-oth- er intellectual acquirement, all the relations and duties of life, may not notions cnerish still arc. or literature, is tne n, science, withstanding pur egotistical woman well versed in the great questions of lapopuJariewhjiLwcunan is a helpmate to man, that it is not good lor him to be the day, less companionable - because of herX alone," either spiritually or temporally, that general knowledge ? In fact is not the reverse in the family, social, religious and political true ? Does not- - intelligence - cleave to intel circle she is a co worker Does she not even ligence, and tend to oneness, union, friendship? fill an important placd in war? Archidamia, Intellectual development, will not tend to dis- are not the only 0ord, but will ' strengthen those endearing ties Vcturia, and Joan of Arc, that bind families, and communities together. heroines, "who have said, "Deliberate not whither we are to fly but what we are to do." In the foregoing observations the following And who by their powers md - encouragement points are made to appear. The natural have saved- - armies and cities. Was not her equality of man including woman. The right services in the late war, between the north and" of the majority to govern. Their duty so to the south very essential, and how many under govern as to preserve, inviolate the sacred God owe their lives to her 'tender care, and in obligations of equal justice. That politically the mobbings and drivings and travels of the things are done by common consenLThat Latter-da- y Saints, what a record written and governments derive their ju3t powers from the noble influence unwritten of her and consent of the governed. That among the daring is she in But a difficulty only helpmate help. rightsheld in common, are life, liberty, ? and distress Can it only be said of her perty and pursuit of happiness. That the more general the intelligence the greater the strength. "When pain and sickness clouds tho brow That to have full power to exercise its proper A ministering angel then art thou." functions governments must be seated in the This is indeed true, but is this all the truth f'Is afTections of. the people-Th- at privileged classes"" the "domestic relation of wife mother, daughter, or partial education, while portions are kept sister all ? Is this her acme of advancement, jn ignorance, is not conducive to union nor to be a servant? Or does she stand side by as well J as the strength. That r side with man in the professions, in literature, theory of government needs to be enjoyed by, on the platform, stage, in the social circle, in the people. That woman a3 well as man 'is and The restrictionists song. poetry under God the arbiter of her own" say, that destiny. of their for high regard That constitutions nor laws can rightfully women, jitis Jjecauso thatjliey would ; keep her out of politicsTthat" criminate because ot sex; and that tie "field of umj ponucai element wouia degrade ncr, that politics as well as science, art,, literature and it is demoralizing, and instead of elevating, the professions is open to man and woman, and would place her on a lower plane.- - I am fully in fact in all the relations, and duties of life, aware that politics is at rather a low ebb, in woman should be side by eidei with many parts of the country; .and particularly in and helpmate for. man. They belong to tie I wonder if we all realize what we were" this oh earth for; tf hat purpose theliord placed sent us here for, in these "the last days?" I am afraid a great many, of us are too apt to - think there is no higher aim on earth than to Zi . -- - ' -- . Fnowledge aiid wisdom that is to be obtained. We should all live for a purpose; and have some high standard of excellence to attain to, before we leave this frail existence to go to some higher sphere of action on the other side. If we as a people fully understood the law of the Lord as we should, I think we would all try to do better, and seek to serve God more fully than we do at present. That we may do this, and strive to keep hi3 commandments, ig r"' ": the sincere wish of Nellie Snow. Pine Valley, Utah, Jan. 3d, 1882. 1 '. ' i ' " . -- N -- FLOWERS. Could there - be a more beautiful spot on earth than our own mountain home at the present time? The fragrance of the rose is wafted along every breeze, and the very air is so fresh and sweet that it would seem none of us could inhale enough of its life giving freshness. How charming the little cottages look, with the honeysuckle and woodbine - climbing around the doors and windows! The house plants are all alive with blossoms, from the highly colored geranium, to the pale heliotrope; - dis-oo,rla,"tk- a.t - -w- hile-sweet-faced . med -ch- ildren-playamong-the-"soft grass and many hued pansies, and peep out of vine clad doors and windows as if to contrast their bright blue eyes and rosy cheeks with the flowers about them. Their sweet voices float upon the air and join with the birds that chirp and trill on every branch, and bough. Flowers brighten up the inert gardens and make thepoorest little room look bright and cheer - ful. They bring new life into the sick room and are : the only tokens of remembrance to our dearly loved dead. They are the sweetest gift that love can bestow. They bring to us thoughts of a holier and a Better life, and by their pale hues and sweet perfume seem to lead us there. The loftiest poet Jias found in not-infor- . -- flowers his sweetest m- The lowliest peasant in them has felt his chief delight. They are the emblems of purity and love, and like the flower of our being, the soul,, if watched and tended willeach day developvnewer and purer beauties. T' ' songs. Beatrice. 7""' r After -- te-practi- ce co-wor-ker : of history. the battle of arms comes the battle, " - r-- ; ' Women at Work, a very ably edited mag- azine, formerly published at Louisville Ky., will be hereafter issued from Brattleboro; V t. Success to the enterprise. " Mrs. Matilda M. Ricker has been admitted to practice law in the court of the District of e" the Columbia, At the examination-beforcommittee of the Bar Association; Mrs. Ricker ito6d higher than the nineteen men examined at the same time. This speaks well for women, aalaw is one of the professions in which it hai bein eaid women could not excel, I B I 