WOMAN'S EXP 0 NEN T . ICO and children of my husband as much as it is possible to do. If jealous feelings arise, which they will sometimes, we try to overcome them, instead of yielding to temptation; and our Heavenly Father helpsus with the comforting influences of His Holy Spirit, and shows us our duties as wives and mothers, and we try to do unto others as we would like to have them do unto us. We are surrounded with all the necessary comforts of life, and comfortable homes; we never have occasion to think that . our husbands are in bad company, or that they are in company that will bring shame and disgrace upon themselves or their families. Then Fask, what need has the outside world to trouble about us? We do not need their sympathy nor their help; if they will look after their own welfare, we will look after ours, and we know the Lord will help ns if we will do His will and keep His commandments and plurality of wives is one of them. And who is the being that would deprive me of that liberty of conscience, which my Father in Heaven has given unto me, and unto hundreds of my Mormon sisters. If we would go hand in hand with the wicked and unrighteous, they would like our society; but we will not, because we do not want to do so. We wish to raise our sons and daughters honorable men and women in the sight of God. I wish those honest-hearte- d ladies who think our lot is so hard had their freedom to the extent that we have: they would not think that we needed any pity. There are more of the world that are against us than there are for us; if the world has not learned this one fact, it is time they were beginning to learn it. We will not foster in our hearts the mammon of unrighteousness. The wicked may rage, and the people may imagine vain things against us, but our trust is in the Lord of Hosts. Sarah B. Layton. once or twice with chills since he lived there. ' The Doctor gave him something that broke the They are very careful of him, and he x chills. has a horse to ride wherever he goes. Brother Joseph Young volunteered to get up a contribution, to get me a cow, and he has bought me a good one, for which I feel very thankful. Brother Charles Hubbard gave me a pig last . spring, which I think if fed well will make our meat for winter. I have plenty of vegetables and irftrden haiia. sn T shall not, havrt rmir.h to bread I hope I will not. have to calL . buy but T)' il on iiig Disnop again wnue you are gone, iT have no fears aboutr getting along. The Lord is multiplying my friends daily; yea, I have7 more blessings than I am worthy of; I think it is because I have a worthy husband.' I think 1 am much of our English sisters. e glad that Brother Brigham has sent to his family, for they are needy enough. Their house could hardly be called a shelter; they will soon have it fixed now. Elizabeth and Vilate are both sick with chills and fever; the rest of the families of the Twelvo are well as far as I know. I called on Sister Young day before yesterday, and carried a letter that I had just taken from the office; it was from Brigham, written the last of June. They were rejoiced to hear from him again. They were in good spirits, and when they house done they will be quite comfortable. Our little David is over one year old. I can brag no more of his little plump body and rosy cheeks, though" his eyes are as black and sparkling as ever. He has cut four teeth, which has made him pretty sick; but I pray the Lord that he may live that you may see him again. The children join me in . 1 1 1 . some-assistanc- get-the- ir -- love to their dear father. "I had anticipated seeing you this Fall, but if it is, the Lord's will for you to His will and not mfuu bo done. stay longer, Smith says I must always remember him to you." I have sketched these ew incidents to show how the, Lord will bless and provide for those who are willing to serve Him; who can say like tho Tsalraist, "Blessed is the that know people the joyful sound, they shall walk, 0 Lord, in the light of thy countenance. For the Lord is our defence; and the Holy Ono of Israel is our King." Pw At the regular monthly meeting of the Woman's Suffrage Association of Missouri, at Pickwick Theatre, St. Louis, Rabbi Sonneschien spoke earnestly in favor of the retention of the franchise by the women of Utah. An unsuccessful attempt was made upon the life of Queen Victoria on Thursday March 2nd. by a pistol fired at her as she was descending from a train at Windsor station near Windsor To be continued. SOME FACTS THAT I Castle. This ia the seventh time she has narrowly escaped assassination. KNOW. Charles Dickens, Jr., is son of the great novelist, tmromantic and practical enough to devote himself to the more lucrative forms of He has just publishing, such as guide-book- s. issued the "Continental ABC Railway Guide" for the use of English and American travelers. IN ANSWER TO MRS. SCOTT. If we would be the children of Abraham, then ought we not to do the works of Abraham? I believe if it was right in the sight of God, in the early ages of the world, for men to have more than one wife, it is right tho God we serve is an unchangeable One. I ask, who in these last days would ever have thought of such a thing as a man, tinder he name of religion, having more than one wife, had not the Lord revealed it to him? Now, I have lived for many years in the to-da- order of plural marriage, and I am thankful to my Father in Heaven that He ever gave me a true understanding of that principle; it has many more advantages than disadvantages. If we will lay aside our selfish feelings, and seek for the Spirit of God to guide us, it is a light to our path all the day long. ..I would not change my position with any woman of the world, for I could do so if I chose; but I would not forfeit my right to that marriage relation with my husband for all the treasures earth can give, for they vanish with time, and we Mormon women are livins-fo- r eternity. ;T can , say truly that I am happy and-frem my feelings. T respect the wives to-d-ay e In the House the Speaker announced a select y; , committee on woman suffrage as follows, Camp, Shermin, Stone, Hepburn, Springer, Vance, Muldron and Shackleford. The motion was previously carried in the House the votes standing 113 to 85. The discovery of silk is attributed to one of the wives of the emperor of China, Hoang-ti- , who reined about two thousand years before .the Christian era; and since that time a special spot has been allotted in the gardens of the Clunese royal palace to the cultivation of the mulberry tree and to the keeping of silkworms SALT LAKE CITY. rSSS?1 Departments for Gentl gtL Ladksr and Children's DRIED FRUITS OF ALL T. 0attention I Special DB paid aad Preserving the Natural teeth. Tmth Csmftin. Extracted. Faict Trrra inserted from one tooth to a Full Set, la the Most Approved Manner. PRICES to Suit tMTima&oA First Clan WorM Guaranteed . 4 OFFICE: - OPPOSITE SALT ST ESAIN T 3M F. LAKE HOUSE. Oil. U. ISUXt WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DEALERS IN DRY GOODS, NOTIONS, GROCERIES, HEAVY & SHELF HARDWARE, GLASS & QUEENSWARE, AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS, Etc. 33 Of Salt Lake City and vicinity win And the LARGEST and BEST SELECTED STOCK Of BOOTS,fullSHOES and desirable Also, & SLIPPERS, lines, beet brand OliildLron's Fino Qlioos, cbcln the an tW Your Orders West- - Solicited. GEO. IDTTZETFOIEgI). FOR SALE Home - Made SILK, AT CUTXER'S COMMISSION STOKE. Zj JSl. JR. Or 323 uCV. Home Made Trnuka Of CUTLER, Agent for the STOCK JOHN c for Sale by 1'IiOVO WOOLEN MILLS, ateo HOME MADE Constitution Building? Brown Yams. White Yams, Colored Yams, Casaliners, Tweeds, Blankets, Flannels, Shawls, Linsoys, Jeans, PALACE OF FASHION, No, IT Old Cotton Batting, Wool Battta, Brooms, Washboards, Brushes, Etc., Etc. EAST TEMPLE ST Desires the Ladies of Salt Lake and those the City, to call at her Show Rooms and see her New visiting' Stock of MILLI-NEHThe latest and most stylish modes of Hats and Bonnets, in Straw, JFelt and Velvet. Also, a nice selection in Flowers, Feathers, Plushes, Velvet and Mbbons1 In the latest shades and stripes. Country Dealers, please Call. Ladies' Hair Work in all Its branches. Good Work Guaranteed! Y. - P. AUERBAOH & BRO. REMOVED TO THEIB NEW STOBE. Nos. 124 4 126 CALL AND EXAMINE Spring and Summer Goods. "I DATID JAMES, TINNER, CAS WATER & STEAM FITTER. ..... i ' . trAff0nitor W3?79 celebrated LIFT and FOECB Pumps Repaired on short notice. Orders from -- tne country promptly responded to. V3T Addrm, David Jame, Box 306, Salt LaU City. H. DINWOODEY, WHOUESAUl AMD EIZAIZ. DZAtKB tM FUENITUEE, SPHIIB IDS, WISE MESSES FEiTBEBS Bill M and Shoes? Dry CUSSES WASTED. 75, 77, & 79, First South (Street, SALT LAKE CITY. 1 