4 formed their part.tfn calling a convention, and THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Editor. EJTKF.LIWE B. WELLS, umLmnntSlv PnMI.VI DkUii lUUUM" I . In A y Rfl.lt- T.ftV ' UtV. W F Terms: One copy one year, $3. 00; one copy six mofaps " V $i.uu lien copies ior ino price oi nmc. rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil epam one time. $2.50: per month, $3. 00. A liberal dlscoMi to - (if regular advertisers. TCTTvmpnt nniM Twwr Wftftt Room ox trie Jouncu TTrniw-Rmiih TmniA Street. BnsincKS howil from iu a. m. io a p. m. every aay exccpi ounuaj. Addiran Ml lmftlitfRft rnmmnnlcatlons to L Publisher Wow AH8 KXPOI Salt Lake CI tilPtab. JUKE 8ALT LAKE CITY. 1, 1882. THE CONSTITUTION The Constitution framed by th,recent Terri torial Conventlon,for the proposeaStafe of Utah, has been Issued In pamphlet formjpnd is now In the handi of the people. Theejection for the vote "jes pr no," on the Comitfitlon, was held In the several precincts In tKf various parts of the Territory, on Monday, Myfend. As far as reports have been rece I vedVs h ea vy vote was cast In its favor, and tCRrMfanyjipied "no." This Constitution now $jKier consideration, and upon which the peopltf fpve cast their votes, is in the opinion cf these well acquainted with r Miaies, and such the Constitutions of f not letter, than like matter?, of any ot Ale In m tne union. Certain ly it is m Just, as far hs ex-no other time in tending rights to wo the history of the Uffl d Blatep, have women . ... . . fir? . Deen aamuteu as uei&irates in a convention to frame a State comtuution. There were three lady delegates elec&d in Salt Like County, to nyentioD, and they were as- the Territorial mmittce work; and these signed to places ve parts In the labor performed the! a expected of del ares, launiuny anu creaiiaojy. This is a n eparture and one in which e leadand it ought not to Utah has tak who are working for remain unnot by those . ... r woman's advancement, ana mo recognition or her poll tirar rig his. The 'papers that advocate woman suiMg mteht notice this fact in favor of Utah, wctlthe greatest propriety. It seems strange thMAhey have not already done eo, as the Jcadep of both tlie National and American Suffrage $eoclatione, make every matter of this kind cojliTyt in" summing up the work of equal rights jfegardloss of f ex. The Constitution of. the Sttffof Utah not only allows woman equal privIllgeV with man, as regards rights of property right to vote, bit also make woman ellfdma taall offices of emolument or trust, except the executive and judiciary and sitting upon upo& This leaves open to woman the Legisla tive all educational oflke3 and such other effi- ado not rank in thoe named above. le next lep to be taken by tbo Ccnveution frfiQtt .they meet on tho G h cf June, will bo to fu Wear the report of the Elect iou Committee,ad pt memorial to Congrtss and elect delegates to go o Washington aud prison t th Constitution to the nation, the Senate the Chief Executive md House of IteprcBcntatiTts, for the action cf Congress. The people of this Territory are justly, entitled to a hearing upon this subject. The numerial strength of the Territory ought to secure its admission m a Stale. Added to this It might be said the people who came hero and endured the bardbtpand privations incix dent to pioneer life; who made the roads and bridges and opened up great commercial interests here, are deserving of recognition to all the rights and privileges that pertain to statehood in a free Republic.' The people hate now per tt-a- t At a m m a ... ; - have prepared a Constitution, which has been ratified according to order, and the whole matter will soon be in the hands of men who are empowered to act in the interest of the whole people of these United States. and it is a work that will be geod for not only the young people, but all Saints. Bra Johnson ia an Eastern man, born and raised in Mass The book was published at theDeeret News Office, and is for sale there, Price SI. 00. A few days ago we refceiyed by mail, "Thg Mormon Problem." It is "A Letter to the Mat, sacbusetta Members of Congress on Plural Mar, rlage: Its Morality and Lawfulness;" by citizen of Massachusetts. The letter is a rins. mg appeal io mese Honorable gentlemen, and many legal arguments are brought to be strongly: upon the question. Opinions of great and wisemen are given, and extracts from hU. tory, as ftell as testimony of individuals r. compiled In a forcible and interesting style. It is worth reading and. atudjlng as It la an able , HOME AFFAIRS. On Tuesday May 9th, the Y. L. M. I. A., of the 13th Ward held its regular meeting in the Assembly Hall, pursuant to adjournment. Miss Kate Wells presiding. The- programme was a L, nn nml well rendered. There were several lady visitor, an brief addresses were made by Meedames M. A. Freeze, E Howard and E. B. - Ferguson, M. D. On Wednesday May 10th the, Y. L. M. I. A. of the First Ward celebrated then anniversary. A beautiful feast was prepared at the residence Of the President, Mrs;Sarah Graham. Sisttr E. R. were presS. Smith and many of her ent by invitation. At 2 p. m. a good congregation convened at, the Ward Meeting House. Mrs. S. Graham presiding. Brief speeches were made by Mrs. Graham, Sisters Eliza R. S. Smith, M. f. Home, Phebe Wooduff, B. W. Smith, M. P. Young, M. AFreezs, Ciara Y. Conrad, Ij. B. Wells, E. Howard, Dr. E. B. Ferguson, and by Coun. Steele. Afterwards some business was transacted. Sister Graham's Counselors and Secretaryresigned their respective offices. The resignation were nccepted, and a vote of thanks tendered-thefor their efficient labors in the organizaticp. The vacancies were filled by electing Josephine Carter and Annie Brown, Counselors; and Charlotte Argus, Seereiary. On Thursday May 11th the Annual Meeting of the Relief Society was held in the meetinghouse at Pleasant Grove,Mrs. Elvira S. Hirst presiding. Bishop Schonfeld was present, and from Salt Lake City, Mrs. M. I, Home and her Counselor Mr3. Helen M. Whitney, also the EJItor of the Exposest. The meeting was well attended, the sisters speaking upon the duties of the present time, and the necessity of being humble and prayerful in onler to keep the Spirit of the Lord. Much good instruction was given. Mrs. Rachel Whipple, Prest. 10th Ward R. S. o' thi3clty,and Mrs. Mary A.Hazon,Prest.of Brign" ton were present and made some good remarks Bishop Schonfeld and .Elder Le Cheminant occupied a few minutes, and encouraged the sisters in their labors. After the meeting all tat down to a most delicious dinner, which had been prepared by the sisters of the Relief Society. The time wa happily spent in conversation, and all felt well pleased with the success of the meeting and visit. The families live on farms so far from each other, that a reunion of this kind is exceedingly pleasant and enjoyable. A movement Is being made to give the ."old folks'' an excursion. fro:;i the various points, not far distant, to this city to spend a day at Liberty Taik. It ia a noble undertaking and is being taken hold of in earnest, and with euch efficient workers that there is no doubt of its success. The people will no doubt respond cheerfully and liberally to aid In giving pleasure and recreation to tho "Old Polks." defense. of this Stake of ZIon will be held in this city on the 16th and 17tb, of June. As there are some very important mat ten under consideration, it co-labor-era We received, by courtrt y cf James A. Little Esq., a Hymn Book entitled "Hymns of Praise for the Young." It is by Joel H. Johnson, an old time "Mormon." The hymns pre all cf them rich In religious sentiment and of a devotional character. Many of them refer specially to the latter-dadispensation, the gathering tind events that have transpired since this Church was organized. The author has dla. played ccnsldcrabls native talent In hh writings Js earnestly there will be a large attendance. hoped On Wednesday, May 17th, the 10th Ward P. A. held its annual meeting in the meeting house. Mrs. Jennie McLean presiding. Ther were over a hundred children present and tie programme as a geed one and well rendered. After the meeting all the company repaired to Fuller'ci Hill, where the officers had arranged for a feast for alh The day was a fine one and all enjoyed themselves. The 19th Ward held their annual meeting May 19th, Sister Rebecca Noel presiding. There were one hundred and twenty-fiv- e children pres- ent. Exercises were well rendered. A pleasing feature of the meeting was the reading of their little paper, "The Gem," edited mothly by one of the older members, every one contiJ buting who will. The motto of the paper h: "O let our crown be truth, Our nfotto rlrtue be, Preparing us for life And for eternity.' The editorial was appropriate, by Miss Ella Nebeker, and the little essays which ooniposed its pages were all very good,attd It was very well read. A presentation was made to the President in behalf ot tho Association, by Miss Addie Pugsley in a very graceful manner. It was a picture of the First Presidency, handsomely framed. Sister Caroline Raleigh made a few remarks, and the" President lesponded happilj. The children went for a May walk up City Creek Canyon the following day. A FEW OF UX VIEWS Dear Sister Wells: 1 have taken the Exponent, ever since it baa been published, and In my small way have tried to sustain it and extend its circulation; bat have not felt capable of writing for it, having Bever In had the advantage of a single day V schooling my life, except about three .months at Sunday years ago at PhiladelSchool, about forty-fiv- e retty phia; beside?, my mission haa seemed much confined to home, having a farmlcg after. family of a husband and six eons to see ol Bat tow that bo many of tho law maker this fteat nation.urged on by the popular clamor of Ignorance and blgotrj as Pilate war,bave en i mrethftr. iand carefullv oreoared and dowed wltli lifd and sent on the wing a destroy cann ing lecust, which they seem to believe tu fall to fearfully hara-- 9 the &ilnls of Got?,top and A" progress of his work on tho earth, w cities with wickedness and misery thof&mo ; com-Kini- y ui i ; I their clUes areI feel as tbougfc i mwi " 