WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ion Af V V . REMARKABLE INCIDENT. an incident Reading in the Evening News of sick unto in the life of Sister Coray, that being ' and even death, as was thought by her friends, of the doctor gave her up to die, she thought "lurned she Hezekiah's prayer, and like him her face to the wall and asked the Lord to extend her life fifteen years," for the sake of her childrenl The prayer was granted and she lived out just he fifteen years. This brought to my mind an incident in my own life someExthing similar, which I feel to record in the ponent, as it may comfort and encourage other drooping spirits in like circumstances."Mormon-ism- " Ahout ten years before I heard preached I was brought into a very low state of health; it continued for over a year. ' I felt I was gradually sinking day by day; my mind was often full of thought about leaving I my infant family. Among other things, who one husband chose another wife for my ' I knew was all that I could wish, and who loved me and my family; she had stood sponsor to two or three of my children, and I called my boy by her sirname. Months passed while I was fluctuating between life and death. One day, reclining on my sofa, and my children quietly playing in the room, my mind as usual dwelling on my exit from this world, my cyee filled with tears as I looked on the dear, innocent beings before me, that they would soon need anotheiLinother, etd It came into my mind that I would make a covenant with the Lord, perhaps He would accept it. I had ever loved and served Him to the test of my understanding, but I thought perhaps I might do better. I arose from the sofa, reached my portfolio off my writing table, ' and toolt out 01 it my manuscript book; I took pea and ink and wrote the following covenant prayer: If Thou, 0 merciful Father, will deign to hearken to the prayer of my heart, and restore to sie my former good health and strength, for ' th6 sake of these my children, I vow, as far as in me lies, with Thy divine assistance, to devote my future life to 'Thee, and correct what I feel to be amiss in me. Fulfil this and all my other petitions as may be most expedient for me, and grant me in this world the knowledge of Thy truth, and in the world to come" life everlasting. Amen. Thus it stands in that manuscript book today. I convalesced slowly,but surely, improving all the time. Ten years after this was presented to me, and I have ever, believed then came the test of my sincerity in that covenantal prayer. Decades have passed; the chosen one passed away the year I left England but she shall not be forgotten. II. T. K. 1 ' "Mor-monis- of sleigh- excepting we do not have the pleasure ridino" m winter, as mere is not euuugu ouu falls in the valley; it falls quite deep on the mountains. We live about three miles from the railroad; we can see the train pass, and sometimes it stop3 opposite our town to let the.South-er- n emigrants get off, who come in from States to join us; Elder John Morgan came a few days ago with a small emigration. We have in Manassah a Relief Society, and Young Men's and Young Ladies' Associations, which are in good working order. We also have a good Sabbath School, with about one hundred, or over, in attendance. We have good Sabbath meetings. Sometimes we have parties, concerts, &c, to amuse the young people, of which we have a goodly number. The majority of the people are striving to serve God and build up Zion, and redeem these waste places. Our children are growing up and gaining a knowledge of the Spanish language, which in the future will prove a great blessing in the missionary work among the Lamanites by whom we are surrounded. Ever praying for the welfare of all those who are engaged in the latter-da- y work, I remain your sister in the Gospel, S. T. B. HOTIOE. there-wit- WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DEALERS IS ' DRY GODD3, N O T I ON 8, GROCERIES, HEAVY & SHELF HARDWARE, GLASS & QUEEN8WARE, 33 Of Salt Lake City and vicinity will find the LARGEST and UEST SELECTED STOCK Of & SLIPPERS, BOOTS, fullSHOES beet brands desirable obo ST'ixxo ' Shoes, tW- Tour Orders are SoBdfci the West. I - GEO. IDTTIISnFOZRID. POE SALE Home - MadLe SILK, AT cuTiiEirsicoimissiotf store. H. DINWOODEY, IS WHOLttULK A1D KKTAIL DKiXXK FURN I THEE, SPBISE BEDS, WiHE MUHHESSES FUTBEB5 PAPEi WALL CAEEIAO-ES- . DB-A.ZB- 75, 77, 79, First South Street, SALT LAKE CITY. & ui . A.X1GE stOch: ! - Home Hade Trunk for Sale by JOHN CVTLEK, Agent for the I'KOVO WOOLEN MILLS, Of CouNtltallon Itaildlnrt Blankets, FlapuelB, Shawls, Lliiseys, Jeans, m' Ca8lmera, Tweeds, :m::r3- C. Old sfeo HOME MADE Drown Varus, White Varns, Colored Yams, PALACE OF FASUloy, - JS'o. 17 o. Cotton Batting, Wool Battlnr. 3 rooms, Wathboards, Brushes, EUV, Etc. EAST TEUPLS ST X)"Ste, Desires tho Ladles of Salt Lake and tboso tba Cttji to call at ber Show I looms and see her New visiting' Stock of MILLINERY. The latest and most stylish modes of Hata and in Straw, Felt and Velvet. Abo, a nice selection la Flowers, Feathers, Plushes, Velvet and Ribbons in the latest shades and stripes. Country Dealers, please Call. LadW Hair Work In all its branches. Ctynd Worh Ouarantad I s, Boo-net- CORRESPONDENCE. P: AUERBAOH & BRO. Manasseii, Colorado, Dec. 9, 1881. Dear Sister I think I could not well do without the Exponent, It comes in times ot trouble to cheer the weary soul in its travels through this world of trials. I sometimes read it in our Kelief Society meetiiig-s- , that we may all hear what is writtenand rejoice together in hearing the wise counsel and instruction of pur dear sisters who are more able to teach and instruct than we are. We have two towns commenced in this valley, Manaah and ICphraim, They are situated about three miles apart iu the open Ve have valley that I think 1 ever tav. plenty of water for irrigating purposes. The soil differs; in some parts it is much better than in others. It produces the best of wheat andvegetables we have not tried fruit to a very great extent. According to my jud gment thetdimate U about like that of Cache valley' lines, 0 11ndrop's July HEMAN, Salt, Lake City, Utah. and Also, last, according to the Court Circular, the Queen received a lady doctor, Miss Bellby, at Windsor." It would be interesting to know why the lady who has proved that a woman may make the best of sovereigns has fears for her sex if some of its members become doctors. It is probable that her Majesty has given way to the prejudices of a too exclusively masculine doctor whom she naturally respects. E IMPLEMENTS, Etc. AGRICULTURAL Congress in England women this year were for the first time admitted upon the platform and formally recognized in the programme. At the Social Science Congress there was a meeting of the Women's Suffrage party arranged. Lady Harberton in the chair. By the way, the opposition of the Queen to lady doctors seems to have been wholly induced by Sir W illiam Jenner. It was not always that she so disapproved of them that she would not even subscribe to a society which admitted them to speak at its congress. One4 of Miss Lydia Becker's correspondents writes to her : "Of course I know nothing of the circumstances alluded to by you at page 135 of your last but I would point out that in number, By h to 1st, My class wdl open me at once, it Join this class will please communicate with being' necessary to send east for books. Terms: Tuition, 80 Address, Leoos, UO; books, three in number,M.112. D,V Salt Lake City. E. It. SlIIPP, OmCK and Residence in Contributor building first door north oJZ. C M.L At the Church JUST ISSUED J. A MANN I KIN1 CHART PROCURED 8PE HAVINO etc I am now prepared to jive Instructions other branches connected ia the art ofObstetrios andNov. 1881. Those wlahin HAVE REMOVED TO THEIR NEW STORE, NS5. CALL AND . " aT 124 d 126 EXAMINE Spring and Summer Goods."! DAVID JAMBS, TINNER, CAS WATER STEAM & laiDip larl sstSi- for Uttfttftti tff iy f0r IiCMSEY-celebrated LIFT and FORCB Pumps Kepalred on short notice. Orders from U country promptly resiouded to. VW AiUru, David Jamu, Boz 306, Salt LoXt CUV- 8 MPS. TE ASDEIj'0 Clir. --A-T (Second - 15 otsliteral Por copy. dUm wiU be allowed to Ounva,. FITTER- - .SALT LAKE Special Departments for Genfi Clothinjr and Carpets, Ladles' and Children's Fboes, Dry ooda, Shawls and Grocer,V Hardware and Stoves. Domestics, . i ''dried 'Suits or all cla&es vSkted. 