W 0 M AN 1 S E X P 0 NENT 174 preaching of Bro. Orson Pratt, In 836; passed through the mobbing of Missouri and Illinois, and gathered wilv the Saints. Her husband and herself were among athe first settlers of Granteville. Bhe died February 24th 1882; she lived and died a faithful Latter-daSaint, waa 5 the mother of 8 children, of whom are living,33 y grand-childre- n and 2 great-grand-childr- en. R. S., Y. L. M. L A. AND PRIMARY REPORTS. until ganizations were sustained. Adjourned 2 P. M. Afternoon session commenced by the usual services of singing and prayer, after which W. East said, there was one item she wished to present before the conference, that was sending for the "Questions and Answers," published by Sister E. R. Snow Smith, in the interest of the Primary organizations. Ida Hunt then read from the Exponent the financial and statistical report read at the October conference of 1881, , showing what had been accomplished by tie-- faith in God; and had aided missionaries by their prayers and pocket money, claiming the blessings of God for so doing. Prayed that their Heavenly Father would bless them and keep their minds pure from evil influences. Hoped they would never forget to pray. Sister Mary Freeze spoke of the injurious effect of tea and coffee. Wished the children to obey their parents, presidents and teachers, that they might learn principles of morality and virtue. Sister Elmina S. Taylor had been exceedingly well pleased in seeing the bright children s, and hearing recitations and questions answered. Prayed God to bless the children; and their President, Zina Y. Wil- JYL,-3.-IL-Aj- - Snowflake Arizona. The first Quarterly Conference of the East Arizona , Stake, of the Relief Society, Y. L. M. I. Primary Associations, was held at nt)wflake Sep. 3rd, 1881. --PresidentWilmirth Last presiding. On the stand were Fres- ident Jesse K. Smith, Bp. John Hunt, Jesse N, Perkins, Br. Fitchen, ..and others. W. East gave quite' an interesting report of her visit throughout the Stake, in the interest of the R. 8. and Primaryorgantionsj spoke of i he death of Counselor Kartchner, and gave many testimonies of her faithfulness as a Counselor, not only of the R. S. of this place, but also in Pangnitcb; and at President Smith's suggestion the vacancy was filled by Mrs. Ellen Lar-geA.,"-an- d n. SisterEIizebeth Hawkins Prct. of the P. A. said, the most important duty was, the training of our children, teaching them to pray, and to get up and bear their testimony while they were young. President Smith also made some very encouraging remarks, acknowledging the labors of the sisters, and was pleased to have these Stake organizations effected. He then set apart the presiding board of the P. A., which had previously been unanimously sustained, at the Quartcslj- - knfoxxop. Jnnft 2fith. Rei0rt3 of all the Associations were encouraging, the Stake' and local officers were presented and sustained. Conference adjourned to the 23rd, of Dec, to meet at this place. Minutes of tho second Quarterly Conference ' of Eastern Arizona Stake, of the R. S. and Y. L. M. I. A., and Primary held at Snowflakc Dec. 23rd 1881. W. East presiding. Minuets of previous Conference read and accepted. The organiztions of thi? Stake, nine hranches of Relief Society, five Y. L. M. I. and Primary Associations, were doing well. W. East said: the duty of officers is to lead out and set an example before the organizations that f the sisthey may be awake to their duties. ters, will step forth and fill their positions, God will help them; don't say that you are not qualified, God will qualify you, Apostle E. Snow said, when tho brethren are called by, the Priesthood to fill positions, if they neglect to magnify their calling, and seek the Lord for the spirit of their office, that spirit will rest upon another;" and this will apply to you ray sisters, History fiy'b to - give an account of the organization women, until revealed in this dispensation by Joseph Smith. Of a truth we carli;if)g i We;thank Thee 0 God for a Prophet." Co&nselou Ruth Rogers was called upon to give a verbal report, said, she .JtowLfittended most of the meetings; had counted as many as mty-si- x at tne r. A., and thought Counselors President and ot this Ward dethe served praise. Hoped therc.was not a family that did not teach their children to pray. The first great principle that we should teach them was, that they have a Father in Heaven; that will hear and answer their prayers. Stake Pres. of tho- - Y L to have the spirit of her calling, judging from the rc-the Associations were in a nourishing Sorts was glad they had never refused when called upon. The officers of tho different or- Ida-Huntv4cs- ired W. Eastontinued, you can see by this report what can be done by the sisters; thanked tho brethren for having assisted in the erection of the Society Hall, the first one built by the Relief Society in Arizona. President Smith said ; I realize from the report that has been read, that the R. S.Jsfae coming a power in the land; must confess that tte statistics were a little suprising, felt that the R. S., were in good hands; desired the brethren and sisters that could, would write for the Instructor: appealed to the sisters to assist in establishing a system of refinement and good manners especially in the was opposed to round dancing and hoped they would not indulge in it. Sister East recommended that we sustain the counsel given by Prest. Smith. Conference adjourned to meet at St. John's March 24th, 1882. the-song- liams as well as those who were laboring in difAsked them to ferent parts of the County. remember the instructions given. Singing, "Joseph's First Prayer." Benedic tion by Presendia Kimball. Sarah E. Cluff, Stake RIVERDALE. ball-roo- m, A general invitation was then given to meet at the Society Hall in the evening at 7 o'clock, to celebrate the Prophet's birthday. The house was well filled; after the usual exercises, of singing and prayer, President Jesse N. Smith, made a few interesting remarks, then called for those who knew the Prophet while living, among whom were S. H. Rogers, Bp. Nobles, Bp. Owens, John Oakly, Nathan Ten- ny, and others who are living witnesses and who testified to the divinity of his mission, and the great work that had been accomplished through his instrumentality and of the blessings wc enjoyed through obedience to the same. Wilmirth East, President; Lorana P. Rogers, Sec'y. P. A. Eastren Arizona. FT A II STAKE PRIMARY CONFERENCE. Minutes of the Primary Conference held m Provo March 2nd, 1882. Meeting called to order by President Zina Y. Williams, singing by the children, and prayer offered by Anna K. Smoot. The minutes of the previous meeting were then read and approved. After which the President expressed her delight in seeing so many laboring for the advancement of the children; and instructed the Presidents how to report. Verbal reports were received from the following: Mary Farrer, First Ward, Provo, Sarah Goodman Second Ward, Hester Beebee, Third Ward, Mrs. Snyder, Fonrth Ward; Hannah Huntington, Fifth Ward, Springville, Sister Williams, First Ward Springville; Sister Fraser, Santaquin; Sister Sarah Roberts, Goshen; Sister Felt, Pleasant Grove; Sister Davis, Lehi; Sister Booth, Alpine: Sister Wilcox,' Cedar Fort; Sister Snyder, Fairfield. The President had been well nW?prl i lESJ favorable reports from the various so- The meeting was then given over to Sister Louie Felt, who desired to hear from the children. Questions from the Bible Questions and Answers were answered bythe children of the First Ward, Provo; a song from Miss Jones, Second Ward, and recitations from Emma Johnson, Lydia Wte ron DooHn Third Waro4; Lizzie Chesly, of the Fourth Ward answered questions from the Bible Catechism. President Louie Felt related instances where children had exercised great Sec'y. . The Relief Society of Riverdale met at the residence of Brother W. G. Childs according to an appointment to hold meeting at 10 o'clock A. M. Bishop Sanford gingham, Counselor Wm. Stimpson and several of the brethren weie present. Meeting called to order by President M. A. Bingham. Singing "Come let us anew," prayer by Bro. Hunter, singing "Oh say what is truth." Minutes of previous meeting read and approved, also our yearly report. The district was then reported the majority of the people feeling well, some sickness among the children. President M. A, Bingham, Counselors Edna Stimpson and Nancy Bybee; each spoke of the goodness of God to us, gave us good counsel and words of eneauraerement to all nresent. Bishrm fi. Binodiam exhorted the Sisters to be united, to be faithful, to the work they were engaged in, be careful to instruct their children in the right way, and not speak against any principles that had been revealed through the servants of God, bore testimony to the principle of Celestial Marriage, said it was a true principle from the Lord. Bro. Hunter, Counselor AJra. Stimpson and Bro. Dye, all felt well in meeting with the sisters; bore testimony to the troth of this being the work of God we are engaged in, said Celestial Marriage, and all the principles revealed to the Prophet Joseph were frbni our Heavenly Father. Advised the sisters to be united and persevere in doing good. Sister Hansen, of Plain City, spoke of her experience in this Church in a very intersting manner, also in a kindly and sympathetic way towards pur young folks, believed they would stand true to the faith of their parents. Meeting closed by singing "Oh My Father" Benediction by Bishop S. Bingham. After meeting a bountiful supper was partaken of by over 30 elderly bretheren and sisters and some you people, and children. A social chat followed and some songs to enliven the time, all present feeling we had an extra good time, hoping that we would through the blessing of God be abb to have many more such parties. We have some good sistersin Riverdale,. our worthy President her Coun- seiors, secretary auu .treasurer, are an gin women who try to do their duty, attend to the sick, and the wants of the poor. We unitedly pray for the welfare of Zion, the Expoztest, is a welcome visitor in this our little settlement. Mary M. Dye. SPRINGVILLE PRIMARY. Conjoint Meeting held at the meeting house, March 18th 1882, for the purpose of receiving 