The RiguTs of tho Women of Zion, and tho Kight3 of tho (Women of all ITaticns. -- ' - THANKSGIVING. - JiY JIAN.VAll Holy Father -- I we, tby people, bo'jr ' orphaned one, sue ana tooK it to, ner , maieuwi uuzuiu, and cherishes it a3 her very own. After hay-inreared a large family 'and seen thern take their- places in the, world's busy workshop, to be able physical lyland mentally to go forth g. ,; this hour, tho nation's rraise Is rendered for thy rich, Vernal "Which thou to every grade aiue aom tuiv to-da- was 'rartropOothe-litti- e . throne, to pay gtoxTiX " on Thanksgiving Day," Our grateful tribute And with the nation bend before thce now. Now, raie. She - y, Has seen Thino hand of mercy richly epread O'er every rank, e'en to tho nation's hea- d- to all appear! Thy (iodliko wisdoia doth j sweet peace, Health, wealth, and furthermore all ; In great abundance has been dealt to doth Thy bounty fall, Upon the just and unjust cease. And by Thy mandate wars and rancor " Father 1 breathe into the nation's ear, And into nis who holds the kcysof state, fate Thafho may wisely read the scroll of eventful year: Tha Ulnae un roll ?, thro' each O That, if obedient, thou ehould'st be tna neir To herald forth tho consummation day.- not the whisperings of thy Spirit tell ? .The great events all nations will behold v Do . . - Her eldest sonHenry, for eleven years iiisnup m jrans, luauu, mcolonizr A'n'znnn; - t Day- .- i.it.- A BEPRES E NTATI VE WOMAN. e MAKY ISABELLA IIOKNE. - r"ro ft.- wltT Concluded. the life this of the lady who forms the subject of heractuai -- 1 ...t KsnTnpfTprn5sociation3, a nnnsopmfinn to religious duty, " the inner life of the woman we cannot pretend five what we see irom tl The heart Knowem us uym mitsiflft. V WVWvt -- Mrs. Home's family are certainly a great fQir?Tirf frrifl examnle. The . chil"rt.Mjrr VlCUili IU XICi l.i i""f3 " i seeK, v-i- ,1,. vj.it.ij. n nib 11 Bishop i fniLwiiKT luiiv " fa in u iillW wiflora's wavs. , ' and rp. . ; 1 . Weiler"-o- f nf- the demise of her T.Kn 'WpiW: danirhter 01 the Third Ward of -- ard 4 01 r.w.u ueuu, ". TWrrt. -l- . woman who might Co., and is a womanly jrrace any society. hnrne a tdo has jeiuwu & x.ikq. uw mu u- -, : .pare time Spencer, son hatlamous in Church of-Orso- to devote to pubhe rlonrrlitpr to 01 some- - VlIC Spacer, mswrjxor. resides m -- Qc?nn i wife raris, m Tmprira and Europe, nfrranhi- we have stateu ueiuiu m , V.t TLr, SnPTiPPr was a. strong- mau cal SKetcn, jr- some time the iU- -. doubt no mMed wman; ia,T jery talented young lady, fehe lias a magnnicenu voice, and has., sung considerablybefore She is the wife of James Clayton and doubt-le- 3 the mother" of two little boys, and will have a large ' family, like her mother and several itcrs. Minnie, her twin sister, was forAssocia1M Qnnrnfnvv nf the Younc: Ladies' tion and the Sunday School in the ward. Since her marriage to V m. j aznvs President of the Primary Association of the Seventh Ward, one was one mire and the brightest prospects before her. Ihe and two unmarried daughters are great helps devoted to their parents blessings in the home, and their religion. 'much haiilship, and - Mrs. Home has endured oncountered dangers and severe storms, in travVirAno-t hp so.tt ements. M OI1U IIUIO t'HUg UllUUu m Mayfield, Sanpete Co., to bahna, " apino- from in company with "Sister Eliza," Sevier Co., the driver mistook the way, and they were lost in the mountains for some hours, where there was no road or track of man or beast, 1 -- and they were jostled andh wonld fully besides not knowing whether they reach a hu man habitation before hightfall. At another time, coming through the mountain was canons from Provo valley, the snow storm travel to so severe that it was almost impossible at all; but Mrs. Home and her traveling com. qudts, panion, Mrs. Howard, were wrapped in a over all their own wraps, and had, wagon m around them, to protect-ihoC0VGr fastened sccu rely from the inclement weather, as they were lo those who iourneying in an open vehicle, : iayhmfcltoll pleasure otatravelamonthe these facts will be people and speak in public; educational, as we often hear of people saying " Oh these women, they liko that sort of. thing; over-thcountry it's from choice they tramp and speak on the platforJtjsjvstern induces sense of duty, and "not pleasure, that And Vipnw cross. our womtu 1lv ttin. ,u , i in.leed, what else snouiu tempo uiciu , have happy homes ana pieusuiiu BuwwuuU.b-are not paid they do not speak for money, they and for the service they render the people, are therefore one may naturally conclude they Elas the working for Zion just as faithfully ders who go dut to preach the Gospel, only in another department of the labor. of In concluding this little historic review of the the life of one of the: leading women it is a; Church, we cannot refrain from saying oisucnincidents tho mcpnf people gro - lives to the public, that the IrnNTtr xtrhnr Kind i us - 01. may in"- up arouna otth women helped to lay tho foundation c." . - And in the mountains, Utah's peaceful vale, to Thee, Thy people lift, as with one heart, that they see Aeong of praise, thanksgiving, foes prevail ; Thy hand protecting them when we b- o-' We are Thy people, tho' weak and frail We hold the oracles of the latter days! Sweet gratitude inflates our song of praiset Thcc ! And heart, and brain, and knee we bow to HSalt IiaCityankFgiving and useful- - 1 Which Boon the scroll of fate shall wide unfold, ewc11. And history's page with mighty doings is a , ; - 1 A uw?i, to assist in to in there, and was appointed Counselor David r. Jumuaii. 11 iara iueu ui tuv.5J and determination to settle up new tracts nh. when about twenty oi three. years of ae, was called on a mission "u -- , nan a and vears tonwiuuuauu, J . n. , i.l,-u.- .P (ho Iy.PHti'in v; tained a thorougn Kiiuwieu-was called .to - be -he return his on languagewhich posi- Bishop of Gunnison, SanpeteCo., tion he held lor ten years, uncu called to Switzerland to presiuu u.cx tuv and German mission, and to edit the blern,a from home absent DUUiisueu in jjvinv, 1878 ho was called to be. year and a half. In whieh position Bishop in Richfield, Sevier Co,, he still occupies; is aiso is this city, Ilichard, who resides at present in w r iHyf-":iengaged a:iiieacnerr - o n iu m. ticularly weu aaapieu - Cttt xroora sinr.p. he was bupenr- T,o Snndnv School, and has lilJe l several'-hommissions.John, the youngest rson, was tne hbhibwc -n,, w ' .r Mutual lraprovemem. , oTifi i wwvL iaitn- i & , W ara m iuu teenth itt , 7 , ful Eider in Israel. are,nowvmL Mrs. Home's:: daughters and-ue- -i :oiToMnnl rftTMieitv 1 nersouiii-iiii'i,-v"'""'eldest daughter, ami voL aent. Xiae. the i,vrta-nfMll- - beheld thy rising ray, il.i. 5uuvu ness at various times. And named thee " Land of Promise," bright and fair, a-. the-publi- uuu., was -- At the chosen-President- " .0f the Woman 'b Exponent, and . fill rt(K itinnax)f-trus- t ---- er establish, and Mrs. ilorne nas gneu aid in this labor, and stilbeontmues to do so. :J Mrs. Home's large - larai iy nave cucu uecu Columbia ! favored spot of earth, tiioa bo wise in this, thy day orgraceT j May'fit thou remember, La thy "pride of place," May'st God had a purpose In thy wondrous birth. !w.: innir Tast.- . -- nnintlnn rl fpw VPtl r fltPfr MlSS Cornelia Home was made President; she was alsaibin.hree or4our --yeara rJDusincss-auugo - state, The nation rouse from its lethargic see the pit With eyes wide open may it it-- May to sepulchre Already yawning before it bo i' too late.1 "- - ,- rwarned be it - i . ac- f a. she was -- :: as an nnmp bpffiro "thG""T)ublic " .w-TrfrlrAri- into a vndexjiejd That manity7isrrsomething grand and-higthere are women who can do this, and perform their part well, we are proud to record. And tho.se why should we not appreciate, and honoi who are willing to devote their .lives, their hapdo good t& piness, and their sacred honor to the human family? Mrs.Hofne has been an ..nor orwl nflup wnrl'or in".. the.1 silk industry i ; ., i mu'i ever since tne culture was mirouuctu RIip U nt. fhfi present time a member v,a iar.i nf flirppthrs of the Deseret Silk : Association. At the time of the organization if flir Knnrrl nf nfflp.OrS for the Deseret IIos- . pital in May, 1882 Mrs. Ilorne was elected Chairman ot the .bxecuuve uonumuui;. institution has taken much executive ability to that the passing year nf V.), p . h. .. o, tive iworker At; preseht,sheiireasurer-.othe PCelief Society in the town where she re sides, and rendmjoodjy " WliOin:iilie.ls assoeiatea m inu "otevotedrwife most lu is had leht childrenv and n and mother. Julia raarrieu v nuaui o. xui-toand died in childbed in her first confinethe age ment, Teaving a baby girl that died at of eleven mouths, cue was u ueuuium auu ottmr-tlvwoman. At the first organization. of. W ard , ir . at that time sixty years of age, and her hands and heart .weeks old- to 'iV-KIN- ;. ' t,m11 i.v-- city), Mrs. Ilorne, after attending her- through ...a very severe illness, toKtiie. oaoe -- e iin,yj , ,ci: -- Jng - ' - Latter-da- y work. - ' Kovember 20th was the anniversary of-'Mw.- 