WOMANS EXPONENT. 132 THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. X:523XELIXE IJ. Publiftlied WEIW, In semi-monthl- y, Terms: One copy one year, - " none of his family wore any of the outward em. "blem8 or semblance of mourning, complying with his wishes in this particular. At tho time appointed the coffin, which was covered with lovely flowers, was born into the hall, which was teautifully draped in white for the occasion, followed by Prest, A. M. Cannon and her own bestowed deeply appreciative of all attentions patience and upon her, and displaye-t-uniforfortitude and a firm and steadfast reliance upon the Lord, with implicit faith in the prayers of His servants that she would te restored to health if it waa the will of her Father in heaven. Sister Cannon's health had been perceptibly declining for two years past, and at times! pHo suffered seriously, although recently she Editor. Salt Lake City, Utah one copy sbr months S2. 00; $1.00 Tim copies for tlx? price of nine. Advertising urates: Etch square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one 'time, $2.50: per month, $3. 00. A liberal discount to had-bee- regular advertisers. Exponent Oflice, Lower West Koom of the Conncil rTone3, Sonth Temple, Street, Business hours from 710 . m. to 5 p. m. every day except Sunday. Address all business communications to rnbli6hcr Woman's Expowhwt, Salt Lake City Utah. . -- n somewhat better, until Saturday, January 13, when she was taken with the sickness that terminated fatally. She was a very estimable woman, and in many respects a remarkable one, particularly in womanly courage under trials where sublime heroism is Deeded, and she also possessed great strength of character. Elizabeth Hoagland, afterwards wife of George Q. Cannon, was the. daughter of Abrara and Margaret Quick Hoagland Her father was for many years Bishop of the Fourteenth Ward in this city, which position he filled with honor and credit to the day of his death. Their daughter Elizabeth was born in Royal Oak, Oakland Co., Michigan, Nov. 3, 1835. Her parents embraced the Gospel in an early day, and emigrated to Nauvoo when Elizabeth was but a cliild. They left that city at the time of the exodus, and spent the following winter a) Winter Quartern. 1& the year 1847 they crowed the plains in Prest. John Taylor's company, and, enduring the privations and hardships incident to pioneer life, reached the valley in the month of October. for Subsequently their daughter Elizabeth-wasome time employed in teaching school in the Fourteenth Ward. Miss Hoagland was united in marriage to Eider George Q. Cannon December 11, 1&54. In tho following May she accompanied her husband on amission to California. While there her eldest child, George Q. was born, and also died there during his infancy. John Q., the eldest now living, was also born there. In 18G9 Mrs. Cannon went with her husband on a mission to England, leaving her two little beye, John Q. and Abram H. Cannon, at home. While In England she had two children born, a daughter and Bon; returning home in the fall of 1SG3, her little daughter, Georgiana, a very interesting and attractive little girl, died on the plains, which was a terrible affliction to the fond and hopeful mother; and soon after her return the little boy was also taken away to that "better land." Bhe lias been the mother of eleven children; fix are now living to mourn the loss of a most judicious and tender mother, whose nobility iu life and devotion in death has been an examplo'to her children and to all Israel. Mrs. Cannon ha3 three times accompanied her husband to Washington during his delegate-shiand while there baa been universally resisted by ali who had the pleasuro of her acquaintance. She was a woman of great dignity of character, and by nature eminently fitted to adorn and elevate society, yet she loved domestic life and avoided public society, except when necessitated her duty mingling in it. She loved her friends sincerely, but her children and her home were ever and always her first consideration. She was very benevolent and sympathetic in her nature, and extremely hind to all those in her own and husband g employment. She has at different times iu her life, in the circumstan-ce- s m which fihe has been placed, ministered great kindness and bestowed much needful attention and means upon missionaries, who will ever remember her with feelings of the deepest gratitude, and speak of her with greatest reverence. . ALT LAKE CITY. - FEBRUARY 1, 1882. IN MEMORIAM. ELIZABETH JI. CANNON. "Calm on the bosom of thy God, Fair spirit, rest thee now I E'en whjlo with ours thy footsteps trod, His seal was on thy brow. Dnst to its narrow honso beneath, Sonl to its place on high! They that have seen thy look in death No more may fear to die." It is ever painful to record-thdeath of a friend, and doubly so when the circumstances ' attending tho demise, are of a harrowing and melancholy character. But yet, when we feci o assured that the one that lias passed away has been uahertd into the realms of a higher and better life, where darkness or oviJ influences can never enter, and where there is no sorrow, nor sighing, nor pain forevorraore, there is sweet" consolation to the. mourner, and a soothing balm for the aching and wounded heart, pierced with anguish at the loss of one beloved. In the instance we chronicle below, the lady was a loving and honored wife, a tender and devoted mother, a true and faithful friend. Elizabeth IToagland Cannon, wife of Preat. George Q, Cannon, now absent In Washington, s Delegate for Utah, departed this life on Tuesday evening, January 25, at Ave minutes to eleven o'clock. At the time when Bhe breathed her last, she was surrounded by a large number" of sorrowing relatives and friends, of whom sho ihad previously taken a most affecting, final farewell, including eacli of her children who were at home, her eister Emily and her brother John. She enjoined upon Mary Alice, ht-- eldest daughter, to be go'xl and true and a guide to tho younger children. It was a most affecting scene especially pathetic when she blessed her little Sylvester, the youngest child; every ono in the room was melted to tears. Concerning her husband, whope presence dur-ta- g her illness would have givea her the greatest Joy, for she loved him with the intensity of a noble woman' most ardent devotion, she said she had no special message, as ho comprehended her feelings, which were too deep for words to express. Bho spoke of her two pons now away upon minion?, her eldest, John Q., laboring in England, and Abrnuv'H. in Switzerland, desiring they might do well, and requested their uncle, Prest. Angus M. Cannon, to ttll them not to falter in well doing. Tho pcene at the dtathled, and tho telegram previously dictated to her husbandJiemain at your pc,4. God can raise me up, if it ja His vi!!, la answer to your prayern there, as well as if you were here. All is being dene for me that otu bo done the true index to her of oiiI, and the beat expression that could be given of her integrity to the interests of the latter-da- y Saints, DuriO;; her Ust illne, which included eleven r '-- were mag-nanlmit- dayrof'thn mjwt hiten wUrrlDK, ibg y mh s p, The funeral of Mi. Cannon wao held iu tho Fourteenth Wart Assembly Room, on by 'V telegram from Bunday, l" msirucuoca received Hon, George Q. Cannon. T n,l - , - family, after them aJarge number of the relatives of herself and husband, and many in. timate friends. The large hall and both wings were crowded to their utmost capacity, hundreds standing, outside and In, during the Whole time. The services were conducted by the Bishop of the Ward. Singing by ward choir, "O Lord, ; ve to thy call. " Prayer hyCoun.D.B. Wells. Singing, "Monrn: not the dead who peaceful lay." Remarks by Presidents V. Woodruff, Joseph F. Smith and John Taylor, each of the speakers bearing testimony to the excellent qualities and exemplary life of the deceased. Ringing, "Come to me." Prayer by Bishop Burton. Sister Cannon was buried beside her children in the Salt Lake cemeterj The grave was dedicated by Coun. D. H. Wells. She has left a record that her hnband and children may well be proud of, and all Israel cannot but at i mire "Of all the thoughts of God that are Borne inward unto souls afar, Alonjr th Tsalmist's music deep, Now tell me if that any is, For giftB or grace, surpassing this 'He givcth ITis beloved, sleep? V "'Sleep soft, beloved,' we sometimes say, Bnt have no tnnq to charm away Sad dreams that through the creep But never doleful dream again Shall break tho happy slumber when 'He giveth His beloved sleep.' And friends, dear friends, when it shall bo That this low breath has gone from me, And round my bier ye como to woep, Let one, most loving of you all, Say, 'Not a tear must o'er her fall 4 He givcth His beloved 6leep.' " cj-eli- ARMED FORCES. The Mormon question still seems greatly agitating the public mind. Revere measures and the enforcement of them with armed forces is the popular clamor of some of the Christian sects. In this consideration one might with all propriety ak, Is the nation retrograding? Are the American people going back to barbarism, the days, of the Inquisition, or the guilloso-call- ed tine? Is the spirit of mobocracy and riot gaining the ascendency among an enlightened people, when men are preaching liberality from the pulpit and the press? Strange contradiction IbW A paradox indeed! America, the proud land of boas tod religious freedom and tolerance, driving one class of her citizens at the point of the bayonet, unless they surrender their (onsciences into the keeping of the popular leaders. Let them be sure that even could they be compelled to submit to rigid laws, which deprived them of the practice of principles ppecifled as disloyal, yet it would only be another illustration of ignorant persecution for the promulgation of true principles, such .aa Galileo suffered for ignominiously, and these great modifiers would find, in the near future, that "the world still movte; that progression Is eternal, and "truth, though crushed to earth, will rise again." What evidence have the enemies of this people that Congress is Justified Jn,making epecte1 laws, or an amendment to theConstitution, to promote virtue and morality out here in the Rocky Mountains among the Mormons, especially to the neglect of other subjects of national importance that demand tho "immediate attention of that honorable boOjt Arealf lie grJ 