WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 28 festivities, but will no'dounlt have mfovmjprote i ments madenupen irffcnitime tolmeTas the" clty .fathers ehaJJ . deem wiso and expedient..! His Excellency Eli II, Murray, Governor of Utah, was President of the day. The orator of the occasion was Judge P. T. Van Zile. His joratlon was well written, comprehensive and poetical.. Response s to toasts were made by the following gentlemen, Mayor Jennings pr the United f posed the toast, "The President-o' to "The Jonasson. S. J. States." responded by Union, No North, No South, No East, No West but one, inseparable now and forever," was res-- " ponded to by Arthur Staynef. "The Constitu--tlo- n ;by J. L. b'awlias. "Our Heroes Dead and Living :l)yen.IcDf:r McCook.. Utah,,bxr 0."j,Hollister "Tho Pres," by It. V . Sloan. "The Industrial Arts.," . by G. G. Ilywater. of a Virtuous Education: The Foster-mothe- r M. Benedict. These Commonwealth," 'ty J. of all them, interesting and to responses were, the point; if, we had space "we would gladly re- The music was excellent and publish them. d most agreeably to all parties. ofl the affair pas.-eTho fireworks during the evening, on the public ground?, were undoubtedly the finest yet, In ' Salt Lake City. -- Editor. EHUE LIME B. TYEIXS, In Salt Lake City, Utah Terms: One copy one year, 2. 00; one copy eix months $1.00 Ten copies for the price of nine. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, $2.50: per month, $3.. 00. A liberal discount to I -- "Published Bend-monthl- y, '. ; e 1-- JULY SALT LAKE CITY, V- ' - THE WAR IN EGYPT. ; f One cannot but deplore the terrible war In the East, which has already destroyed so many thousands of ha man "lives and desolated bo many hearts and homes; and all for power, .greatness and worldly ambition. It will gerhapa involve many nations, as it already has teveral of the greatest powers in the land eveu in its commencement. The beautiful city of Alexandria, one of. the oldest In the world, has been the scene of blood and. carnage, the conse quences cf . a national difficulty, and even the bombardment the pouring "of shot and shell and the dreadful ravages created thereby was cot 7 , all the city lies In ashes. It Is said by those who believe in war, the end Justifies the mean, but this is philosophy to is justifiease the conscience. ' able reitainly, but the protection .of ..property and of rights for aggrandizement, another. ' England said the Egyptians must go; but they r . Self-preservati- on -- jrouia nor go' wltnoutnrsi trying wnat ngnnng would do towards .maintaining their position. That Js natural, and especially among those par. tlally enlightened r.at!ons. They love their country, and they are determined to fight for it. The-British-Empir- i eliaa become-a-gr7aFcnep- -,. she and with her ships, her men : is determined to show Egypt and. the Arabs her power. Thero are a number of intricate ques- - .. tions involved, but money is at the foundation3 and unless the Lord wills it otherwise, England L at Jeaat subdue It may be that this wil?, without doubt, conquer cr those foreign elemtnts. war is tho beginning of that prophesied of, that is to involve all nations in At any rate the outlook: at the present time is not a pleasant one to contemplate, and when half-ciilized nations will go tojar, one cannot but the w orst results of wholetale death and destruction that could possibly follow. Various speculations arc rife concerning the coming of some great teacher cr "Messiah,"- as the Mussulmeh ttrm lt. It is said by some writers that the whole Mus2alman""wcrld 13 agithe-struggle- sn-tieipa- te 1 tated with this matter and the predictions. Borne riots hwe already occurred among the pilgrims on account of tbeso great expectations, vahd it i the belief of those best acquainted with facts ia' relation to this feeling that a volcano of Jiunian passion is rapidly nearing a state of a Hive eruption; thir will, irlruerprjcstcver greater consequence than the war now in pro-- , -- greEB. As ..-- . - rr .:.: v:r-'-- L y ;2IIiL LIBERTY PARK ON J UI A' FOURTH. . The Fourth of Jnjy :r was. very appropriately rcelebrated in Jiberty Park, just south of this h city. . The Park is a very suitable place for public . . subjects. . . , ; HOME AFFAIRS. w-wr- v only begun. The Lord will take care of His people and overrule all things for. the promotion of Hi9 work, which Is sure' to grow and Increase " and spread abroad inthe land. We had a very brief but pleasant call from F. S. Richards, Eeq cne of the deiegatea to Cob, from the recent Convention held in Salt gre-Lake City;. ; He is well, arid reports that :hfi has been able Urxo quite as much in the h terest of Utah as he could have expected under felig the circumstances. The Constitution has been referred to a committee, and will come up In it time. Meanwhile Congress will adjourn, and there will be time formnch thought and reflec tion upon the matter, Tho' Constitution prepared is before .the publ:c,and the affairs of Utah and its people, are up for discussion, and much is being eaid and written; and tourists and travelers are visit in g this beautiful basis in the desert, and perhaps whenCongress; does act In the premises, it will be done more understandingly : than i t would have been earl ierrTTZlIrZr take place cn Monday, July 17th, under the dir rection cf the First Presidency cf the Church of 1 the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-di- y Saints. Patients are being brought in, and the: actual work of the- Institution is- - In progress. The dispensary is well fitted up with the necessary medicines, drugs and material for' the work which is expected in . the establishment. We the people will take a liberal yJew of this . hop benevolent enterprise and contribute the necesa ns from time to time. It is not a sary but a labor of love, and will require great energy and persoyerance onthe part of tbose: engaged 4n its managementr eilher;in the lomestic or medical denartment. In hr'bW in render it permanently euccesfful; and It cannot: be done by faith alone, but by substantia ineana and the blessing of God upon euch as are put forth in the right direction. Explanation,- - The two last paragraphs in tho article "headed- - ''Comments. By One who Knows," were not from President B. Young's ' " discourse, but ' from Heber C. KimbalPs. The following explanation was written, but was overlooked and left out of the copy; by the writer: "These discourses were delivered about the time of the 'Buchanan War. Their defeat, a is well known, was accomplished through the cunning and strategies of our little army, who acted under the command of General D. H. Wells and the Wise counsel of Our fathers in The feeling to exult, which was InIsrael. dulged in by the boys, was, not unnatural,' but was unwise, and they were reproved and admonished .to. repent, for, as President Young often told I them, many cf them were 'more willing to fight for their religion than they were to live President Kimball said, "I do not " ' - ; lyri fwl vain," etc. i on ef-for-ts " . ; ' , -- jt: -- - IN MEMORIAM.; . Bkotitei: Graves 'informs' us that. Miss Ca- milla Schoenfeldt is going to Provo to' teach silk',, - - reeling to a class of young women. Reokclinition of Silk Ac.sociatlou, Utah A. Bcebe, President; Zina Y. Stake. Hester XVilliaras and Lucf W. KimUli, Counselor! C. Daniels, Secretary ; Daniel Graves, : Traveling ' Agent. . ? . fnnfn,'iirj"' .,. spec-ulati- orthahe3tcoiiegeand universitiei m yS' Saints, we Jcnow these things be ere must the great winding up scerio that will take place, when all the kingdoms of, this and He world tecome the kingdoms of Christ -.; whose righ t itJsahalj reign. Latter-da- I -- .commenced practice in this city, shortly after, having becom o widely and favorably- - known among physicians and among the people. Dr. Pratt ia connected with the Deseret Hospital. JDr Jii. b. Barney is another woman phyflelan who has more recently attained the title of D. and is now prepared to practideTVifch about half a dozen ladies who have graduated with honors, in tho medical rprofes3ion, and others "." - The dedicatian of theDeeere t Hospi tal will Dr. Romaula B7Fra tt, whore turned, from New York early in tho month of June, has opened an office next to Dr. Benedict, on Main Street in Godbe, Pitts and Co 's Buildings While in the East recently sho studied under some of the "most renowned specialists in tho eyo and ear nose, and throat. She has also made obstetrics and diseases "6ti women a special etudy. Dr Prates office ia well fitted iip with all needful appliances ror ner proresslon r : ana oi) iirs tne newest and best inventions of instruments neces-sar- y for tho delicate surgical operations In her class of work upon the eye and ear, asalso the needful articles for practical work.' Mrs. Pratt graduated from the Woman's Iedical College In Philadelphia more than five years ago, and in tho United States. Utah may certainly make a fair shovTng of women doctor?. We would hail with gladness a time when more attention " would be paid by young women to the studies of physiology and anatomy, for their own improvement and the benefit of the next gener- ation. Let us by all means have more lectures ion these topics, and use an influence to have 1 them well attended, that the daughters of Zion may become acquainted wi th their oVn organ-isand the laws of, life and health, that a foundation may be laid for the prolongation of human life and much pain and suffering be avoided, inrough Intelligent knowledge on these' . - for Utah wilFbe fiero somo time In Augus t," "What course will ba nursnpd tio Jllrti" munds law is still a mystery. That thoTe who have anticipated such great results to follow its enactment are already disappointed Is apparent. It is just possible t hat their disappointment has "WOMEN DOCTORS. IiLSomo o.vi.. - . 1 "ers 1 -- Ijiqw v -- -- 15, 1882, thA-Ytv- " . " regular advertisers, TVest Room of the Council Lower Office, Exponent House, South Temple Street. Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. vary day except Sunday. v Address all business communications to Publisher Woman's Exposkst, .' ...""Salt-LakCity TJtah. T ' ?S75i4kVit , Died at her'resldcnce la this city, rrhe White ITouse on" the Hill", at.9 p. m. June 27th, Mrs. Mary Ann young," widow of the, late President 79 rIgtiamoung7 "at the "advanced age of r vears.l Mrs. YToubg had been in ill health for seme years pas tj but was not considered dangerw -- r,ous y ill until within . a few :WeKa previous.. of ?,Mt &eitiU. I Deceased .was the danghterj James W. and Phebe" Morton Angell and was , it- 