The Eighta of the Women of Zion, and the Rights SALT , XftTYTJT MISREPRESENTATION. ITho wounds of a friend said the preacher) Aro better thau kieses untrue," -Britrwtot ortfrTmany who smite us, With nought that is kindly In ricwi There are mortals so mean and malicious, Who exclusively traflle in lies; --And some both inventive and vicious, sot-Hno can e? II devise. Out of - to-da- THE FEAR OF THE LORD. : Fear of the Lord! is' 'a reverential awe for ur Creator. A veneration issuing from the heart- of every hemp, who aekhowledpeiiJiiA- . - - frd77isWa7d'o 5jekir:tb - we wrong ourselves when we fjf the nronhpfs rpmnrlr "The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom." Corroborating thi3 statement, we have only to retrospect on hagiology, and recall the incontrovertible success of g men, wer -- from thetime of our Savior, until the present. Knowledge, like a stream, must have a foun tain-heaHave scientists by chance-wor- k dis- covered tne astounding facts we now see developed, which, giving impetus to advancement, have brought man to his present standard? Who could have implanted in fhe minds of ourlvorld renowned inventors, that indefatigable ambition for the accomplishment of some aimybut a God? AVith his . consent only has mortal man been permitted to control electricity sufficiently to erirt our elobe with means of J - communication; which is but one of the exist- ing Jacts, provine the "march of intellects wnieh Atheists claim is the natural develop ,i ment oi the mind. Overthrowing this selfish theory, and sub stantiating the fact that God has, through in spiration, endowed men with capabilities, we .need only refer to the Pyramids of Egypt, - bearing astronomical truths, which Uhda v defy science deciphering. God's ways differ widely irom tne narrow, contracted devices 01 man; hence the most illiterate," if humble and virtuous, are often chosen as instruments to work mighty miracles; for proof, of this we need not go beyond the pales of our Church. Self-con- -' ceit is an obstacle, rather than a stimulus, to advancement! .Dependency upon a Divine Being must precede all efforts, if success is desired How fallen would be a community from whom the fear of the Lord bad been obliterated! Selfishness, sensuality, and crime would tranmle. defv. nav- - extinguish, all human laws, Principle, duty, virtue and peace would vanish like dew before the sun, and return in like manner to the God that gave them. x ree ine Diercine1 eve of Heaven, and' -- aided jrom byr the mantle of night, the blackest Crimea could be perpetrated, and remain mysteries; with uo avenger for the unfortunate, and perfect safety for the diabolical fiend, whose desires satiatedr could gaze with malig nant EatlStactlOn onhia dpfld victim, nnd gioiit in the secret nf bis fnrhirio xoUh no fpor rf being brought to justice, either on this earth, or at the eternal bar of God. Reflect. O ve. who fear-n-ot the Lord!-- " What a"deplorable condition would be yours did ye the faithful! Warning take from the fate of those disregarding their Creator in the days of Noah; like "chaff before the wind," were they swept off the face of the earth; the righteous alone remaining to chant the sad requiem over their fellow-me- n who, through their disobedithe received ence, just due of an insulted God. Our heart's blood, chills when we contemplate m - - - 'Our names are cast out" should that try us ? Nay ! for truth, with tradition must elasb, One ! higher than even the highest Will bring our redemption to pass, And bh ! to be worthy the favor Of Him ! who alone is supreme, Outweighs the good name, tho distinction, That many do highly esteem. Of light! God hath open'd the portals, "The ensign ! foretold Is unfurled; The'truthMs restored unto mortals; The Gospel is preach'd to tho world. " 4 r Though tho world e'en reject and dlsdnin i t Though del luion! delusion, they cry TheSaints with thelf lives must sustalD It, Must proclaim that God's kingdom Is nigh; The cry, "Lot the Bridegroom is coming," ' Must be sounded andhcard Jar and near; .. WtfiTTualFoniTierce judgments are looming, And our, skirts of their blood must bo clear. And this to all kindreds and people Of his purpose stilly Whose empire shall widen and flourish, Till tho universe bows to his will . y Oh! ye Saints, for our hopes of salvatinn, We re calledmuch to 4o, much tordarer And the cross of misrepresentation Wo must patiently, willingly bear. Account it as nothlug, for falsehood Is surely the least of the tests, That "tho Prince of perdition" and darkness, Applies to the purest and best. - 2-- Shall Consider, how Christ was iejectcd, ur ruy d lie but spoke as his Father directftd. And death wasthe prico that He paid. Consider tho basocontrad Ictions That the former-da- y Saints all endur'd Yet what were their fiercest afficlions, Compared to the blessings socur'd. We must needs from integrity borrow Support? andj We'U yet have amends For the falsehoods of foes, and worse sorrow, :. ' Betrayal by iomo we call'd friends. ? state-mentj- show ingratitude to God. whose likeness bear: we make- him a Darft'aJBeine' and com- - . , -- p -- - Beayer. i Jennie Harris. - . NOTES AND NEWS. The Woman's Congress"; will hold its tenth annual meeting! in- - the-Cit- Hall, Portland,: y- Me., October 11th, 12th, and 13th. The Friend of Women is a monthly magazine recently started in Moscow, Russia. It is conducted exclusively by women. A woman dentist at Quebec has been de- nounced By the press for pursuing an unwomanly avoeation, and the clergy of two parishes have prohibited their people from having anything to do with her. "America's salvation lies, under God, in America's women.! It is precisely ' because I desire to conserve our glorious past that I plant myself on the platform of woman suff G.N. Boardman. rage. - er -- . his great power! ManVminiature wisdom sinks- into insignificancy when compared to - we ; . out-numb- utter such a t plainingly blamo any other rather than ourselves Lurking deep-i- n the mind of every intelligent individual are ideas, germs which (if cultivated) would benefit not only the pos- Tho delicate, sessor, - but advance - others. ; modest violet, which in its simplicity chooses rather the mellowed rays of the sun, and bashfully bows its head from the gaze of its companionswhen plucked and tastefully arranged 2!tQiblend:ithradjacht colors, adds to; the: beauty of the bouquet, a3 much a3 the bold, glaring poppy whose only mission seemingly is to store up the color rays of "old Sol" and radiate them regardless of taste. Tho soft, velvet-lik- e turf, mantling the bare earth, assists in thelaridscape, and doe3 its part to wards making the painting grand .beautiful and picturesque, as much as does the majestic, towering pine whose nature demands it to rear it3 proud head, and rank with the foremost in the scale of stateliness and beauty. Contrast seems God's aim. Why then murmur if our capabilities appear inferior. All possess some special faculty, which is our prerogative to ameliorate. Cast your mite, let-i- t be ever so molecular in your mind, God was the sower, and like the grain of sand, it will count one in the formation of a strand; or like the dew-droit sparkles and forms one crystal on the tender ' ' r: V vine. d. All kinds of reproach, from all quarters,Must "the Saints" as their heritage take; JIust expect to bo doubted and slandered, 4dMteU for igbteousnees sake:" Shall we elight our commission appointed we shrink from Invectives and scorn Truth's messengers call'd and anointed,- Must ne'er bo afraid or forlorn, inmates.' Surely God's omnipotent, merciful gaze has protected us from infidelity; y for we still find the majority of enmankind ,are Christians, willing to lightened a acknowledge Superior Ruler; and give Him the praise for their great achievements. ." Every person has a mission to perform,and if he is prayerful and hoorshis Maker, the effects of that mission will be gratifying to hi3 inner souLeven if 'tis only to improve self. - Some de- - 12 Heaven's ; SL-City.- ; .God-fearin- Both inside and outside", "the kingdom," Detractors, their betters decry; Yet be sure, there Is triumph In patience And wisdom knows when to reply. i rthe universal knowledge and ' workings of ' --- wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against princl palities, against powers, against Ahe rulers of tho darkness of this world, against wickedness in "- high places." ";,.:;""".'r" "Stand therefore, having jour loins girt about with truth, arid hayingon the breast plate of righteousness." 7th cb. of Epbesians 12 and 14 verses." Jigbigpwjijrus-agaiast-Iliu- No. 7. Our God' is a bountiful giver. : And to all who cudure to bo tried Ills "peace shall flow In like a river" And blessings shall come with the tide,- - 'Tor we we-lestif- Women of all Nations. of-th- e -- r- The next Legislature will have to ''submit" the woman suffrage amendment and in lo84 the women will vote in this State, and don't you forget it. That amendment will carry by ' 100,000 majority. Politicians .will do well to begin electioneering the ladies Iowa Leader 