ti 'si, m-ii- 1 ii cwiy cd:-.!- with hb'puta ibrcthr ml alters,-i-a their heavy bertravt!s.tjnd ve We My - his ,rasay-- ' Viiiaes fc sft&w c( cmr Aiiaticn,?jr silraulata others IleislTed, Uiat-'ado- cb ts to a life cf virtue copyen car record.. Tha angels bore hia robed ,To y : fa spotless their peaceful home of lihi. vii te, ? EiniA Toone. y V J:- ; ' Died: OBITUARY. V - In- : ' ' - -- the ' ' ; . 'Twas not ia nngnlsU nor iu wratb, The Reaper came that Lright angels yisitcd the ea rtb, And bore tho flower away; A lovely trad so young and fair, Called hence by early doom. "Just come to show how fair a" flower, In 1'aradiso would bloom." raiy7'" 6 - - A, C. R S.,. Y. ; : L3L during the summer uf. --I land eT religious liberty, and mm' I'm 1 V drcM-ov-mob-iaff-ia-cK-' . Tnnminf that. rpmmhpr familykft the atyTo. visit his T I. A. AND PRIMAPuY REPORTS. With great pleasure I j Dear Sister: to your: very interesting paper the com-munica- te ioliowmg items. On the 12th and 13th of August, 1832, we were visited by two of the Twelve Apostles, E. Snow-and J. H. Smith, who held two days meeting at this place, during which time they recommended us to- organize a Relief Society m all the settlements of this Stake The sisters of this Ward met to on the 24th., August 25, elected the organize following -- officers: Annie N. Larsen, President; UaDnah Scely and Harriet A. Willcox, Counselors;' Lucmda Jeffs, Secretary, Ellen Mitler, Treas-?FT- l IQ blessed ad set under tauds of Pres.C.G. Larsen andaparfc Counselor who also made some excellent remarks and the sisters to be active to thtf duties devolvmg upon them in their high and holy " ed Sod tructinns, all of aPen which S,' sisters feel to appreciate. We held ourfirst meeting on the seventh of September. to bless in your labor of lrtTDg 9 ' Wlth kdcstyou.TQ&Td3 Jour sister in the Gospel, Lucinda Jeef, Sec'y -- iuiptfiarbelOTg to men must orderthat they may "be lovedJ Tho that beloDg to God mu?t bo things m order that they may beunderstood.- -iS beun-derstoo- d, Christ, Amen.'- ' ' ": ; him to compel our people to deliver up the Prophet,' by. calling out a force of militia' for hjsurposewhicrhr ree2J3M3SS5 'to itedy-refuseTl- Our city wa3 occasionally vbited by Laman-ite- s and a deputation of Pottawa'tamie chiefs were in the city waiting to see Joseph when he returned from Dixon, and a3 soon as consist-an- t after the trial was oyer he received them. "After being " assured that all present were friends to Joseph, their orator arose and said: (it being interpreted;) "We as a people have long been distressed and oppressed. We have been driven from our lands many times. We have been wasted away by. wars, until there vare but few of us left. Tho white man has , hated us and shed our bloodj lintiLit Jias-ai-- peared as though there would soon be no In dian left. Wo have talked with' the Great - had been nreviouslv annointed at 5 o'clock the same day, in the grove west of the Temple, where he delivered a speech, which can be duly appreciated at this present time. 1 meet vou with:a heart full of frafitiuln o to Almighty God, and I presume . you alLfeel the same." I hardlv know how to express rav "feelings. 1 feel a3 strong'as a giant. I pulled sticks with the men coming along, and I pulled man that could up with one hand the strongest o be found. two men tried, but they could not pull me up. And 1 continued to pull, men tnllv.unt.il T ruillpd MisamtiM in 'Koittrnrk It is not 0 much my object to tell ray afflictions, and trials, and troubles, as to speak of the writ of habeas corpus, so that the minds of all may be corrected. It has been asserted by the great and wise men. lawvers.and others" j j that our mumcip"alpt)wej3ddegal-tribunal3are not to ue sanctioned by the authorities oi the State; and accordingly they want to make -- irlawful to drag away innocent men from their families and friends, and have them" put - to death by ungodly men for their religion. Relative to - our city charter, courts, rights of habeas corpus,, etc., I wish'you'to 'know and publish that we have all power; and if any man from this time forth says anything to the contrary, cast it iuto his teeth. J "There is a secret in this. If there is not power in our charter and courts, then thcro is not power in the State of Illinois, nor in the Congress or Constitution of the United States; for the United States gives unto Illinois her constitution or charter, and Illinois gave unto Nauvoo her charter, ceding unto us our vested rights, which she has no right nor power to take from us. All the power there was in Illinois she gave to Nauvoo. want you to heiir and learn, 0, Israel, this day, what is for " the happiness and peace of this city and people. If our enemies are determined to oppress U3 and deprive us of our constitutional rights and privileges as they have done, and if the nnfW. ities that are on the earth will not sustain 113 in our jrights, .nor give us that protection which inn laws anu constitution of the n teH Ktfto and 01 this btate. cruaranteed unto-us'-flwan ciaim mem irom a higher power from heaven yea, from God Almighty. Before I will bear this unhallowed persecution any longer, before I will be dragged, away again, among my enemies for trial, spill the last i -- Jill the. blessing jL' .inav : meetinEr I lf He was proven to be innocent and was once rm5re freed from the Missourians; but they were determined not to dve up. and pretended thatj he authorities JsCiCauYOo-ha- d - rescued a ... prisoner from justice, but confident that h is friends would resist r every - attempt on their part to arrest him, Goy! Reynoldsf of Missouri,; applied to Gov. Ford;! of Illinois, requesting him too closely, and they arrived home in safety June 30th, where they were met on the outskirts by, a great multitude of the SaLits, who, with.AVm. Pitts, Brass J3and, and loud cheers and firing of artillery , escorted him to the. . -- ;Vr:.,ViJ : veniDru Law and Charles C Rich. The officers from Missouri had laid their plans to kidnap Joseph while on the journey, but his brethren guarded i yThe . w -- - ycm5.1To ,bearrjt any "J of heaven rest upon you,' in the name of Jesus he-call- ed A . : Tnpn'fyfn"ri, .Tosctm and sister-in-la- li .' - in as he near Dixon, in Lee County; was passing, to. bid us good bye, and the first tiT4 ilint trfl liwrH was tKo unlawful arrest made bv.Missourian?, intending to drag him off to that state; but their brutal conduct roused the indication of the people at Dixon, and by a writ of habeas corpus, served by his' friends, he was placed under the arm of the law. The news spread so rapidly, that a company of horsemen, numbering 175, started the same: m -- people T" gaiety aroagg sav- - acts. " their . Brighton Ward, Aug. 12th 1SS2, of. cholera infantum,, after. an- Jllnes.1-r,- f marv beloved dearly child of George TV. and Agne: Squires Hunting tm ge one year and ten months, lacking three ' :.':. l day. 7 Little Minnie was an unusually bright and interesting child for her age, also very large; but from her birth she was alwaja afflicted with sickness of sc me kind, so that she was only a little sullerer during her brief eojourn in thia world of grief and affliction, r' ; The angels have now taken her liomo to the celestial kingdom of our Lord, where there is no more grief and pain, but all is Joy and peace for-- :' ever. ws-iisniePnsiirdaTr- i a Xsuiyoo. -- ex-.:sipw- these resolutions la his parent, and publish the same iiijhe Wa Tie ''scenes l$43,wereAf an excising n'altirtVand continued exi AvJth. but little Action till thcf Prophet T!il Pararrh .'wpiy mun??red.; m:''a boated the mul3tgsi by these lesoIaUqcFaa pi ; le a iyiu.-- y01!-!1- ! did iuyr soul gowV to ieo.your tceluigs 1 aud love lyauifested towiirdi inc. I thauk (iod tliutll huve tlw honor to lead so virtuous ontl honest a people; to be your leader and lawyer, aj jvaa Sloses to the children of Israel. Uosau-- " nali. to Aim igh ty God, who Iku ..delivered m the FCVeirtSubles. ' I com-.- . Jhuijfrom out . a ; llHl loDgerwuuld w- us. We have asked the Great Spirit to save us and let - us live, and the Great Spirit" has told us that he ha3 raised up a. great-Proph- et " chief, and friend, who would do us great good and tell us wljatJOjjjahdtrie.GreatiSpiriL : I has t6ldusthar'ou are the man (pointing to the Prophet)tWe have noy come a great way to see you and hear your words,and to have you tell us what to do. Our horses have become poof travelings and we are hungry. We will now wait and hear your words. "Joseph was considerably affected, so much so that he wept. He said in return: "I have heard your words. They are true ! The Great Spirit has told you the truth. I am your friend and brother, and I wish to do you good. ' - Your fathers were once a great people. They worshiped the Great Spirit. The Great Spirit did them good. -- He was their friend; but they his left the Great Spirit and would left words nor keep them. The Great Spirit them, and they began to kill one another, and they have been poor and afflicted until now. "The Great Spirit has given me a DCfok, and told me that you will soon be blessed agairk The Great Spirit will, soon begin to talk. with you and your children.": Raising the Book of Mormon, he said'This is tho book which your fathers made. I wrote upon it. This tells me what you will have to do. I nov, want you to begin to pray to the Great Spin LJL wan to - m ak e peace wi th one another, jand do not kill white men; it is not good, but ask the Great Spirit for what you want. And it will not .be long before the Great Spirit will blc?3 you, and you will- cultivate -the earth, and - build - good- - houses like white men.. Wo will give you something to eat and to take home with you." . The Prophet had an ox killedJhenLanu; some horses were also nrenared for them. They remembered the kindnes3 of Joseph and his people, and when driven from our homes they made us welcome upon their land, where we were obliged to make our umitr not-hea- r , t-y- ou r (Quarters. 