4 -- THIVO.MAX'SKXPONKXT. l!u Lv in fiat rUh heavy uacht " : fa V ilrt flag: tsjugM. J T Ca r r !fd. - ' FstiiJi asd-osa:,- Tzi.-.5 al-S- J ' .Tt copk iise,. ;Sl , fr ts .; Sontii Tempi copy .tlx cwatfc x4 sine - i taoctLJXL- - per Ad-rrrtiit- e literal discount t j CoarII .Sxpcaeai HoTi5e; p-r- - -- Strret. Ba5iE? vhoar$ frota 10 0n; Sunday 1, 1S82. mir CONVENTION. Saturday morning, up with the lark, hur, lied 'preparations for starting, bade good bye" fcr a .week or so to borne and loved oaes - and foofethe.earJy"0m - Ogdra,cfaatting:pIe z eantly SIP the way wi tJhv old., acquaintances. The day was a glorious one, and every thing fresh in the morning sun. At Ogden, wo went on board tho Union Pacific train, new car, Keakxey, very elegant, parlor, andbed-rooni- s all combined. Here dining-roowe found ourselvts in the company of some strangers, who- had a great curiosity about Mor. mens, and anxious to cm n man wi th- - more wives; one very sweet oung girl, with a pretty face and golden curl?, longed to see a man with two wives, another wanted to see one with eight cr ten wives.- The scenery, however, was much mere attractive than the- - chatter and gossip about our people,-"angazing out upon the hills and fields one, found abundant food for re- . , . . ; 1 . h, -- the-fo-ot t)f-th- e" mountains, crnamentcd, shapely elderberry trees wereclustered together, theJusdous fruit purply Semi-Annu- weather, it -- bel ieved the attendance will be unuBuyareVZThelln 1 etlll blue in the immense distance, and a few still wore their snowy caps. As we neared Cheyenne we came to Dale Creek bridge, quite a curiosity ; every body went out to look, even Mr. Jennings. It is very slenderly built, though it may tejust as strong as is necessary. The rocks on both sides, as we passed down through the ravine, were very handsome and in" the morning eun they looked like the coarse rough specimens of amethyst. The enow sheds are a great nnisance wheii one is writing, for you no Eooner get started ihainlarknes8 blinds you. - At Sherman thero was a curiosity shop cr scrt of muscumppeelmena of various kinds, but we no sooner arrived at the door than the conductor shouted "all aboard," and we were obliged to turn back. There is a monument erected thrp. and inscribed 'iTo Oliver and Oakes Ames." It-- is 60 feet high, f quare in form" and tapers up from the bae, un til the topis small is bull t to stand for ages, and is perfectly solid, cost a for. tune to irect it; no doubt thcee who built it had the pyramids cf Egypt in mind, yet we have not been informed that there is any historic . . .. i i curunuiogy coniainea.tnerem. Shortly after iving Sherman wetsamertoracrove of cedars" very beautiful in this desert waste. A perfect picture in the sunlight, and made one feel as if they were not quite outside vegetation. Perhaps this is enough, for once, of tho journey to tho Convention, and next tima we shall be able to tell what happened there, who we saw .and what transpired. Which will be far more interesting to most of our readers than the description here given of the Union Tacific road. - Con-gre- the people. ; , - . The National Woman's Suffrage Convention : met at Omaha on Tuesday, Sept. 2Gt with a large delegation of the Jeading suffrage ladies from all parts of the United States. Utah was represented by Sister Emmeline B. Wells, editor of the Woman's Exionent, and by fciister - Zina D. loung. Neither of tho ladies has yet but are expected back in a day or two. In the next number of the Exponent, a detailed account of the proceedings will be given. The season now drawing to a close seems to have been a very happy one for those who re-turne- to Every-wher- e -- i - - ence and are kept before tho public only by their continual harangues and fake and vehement assertions. Both Judges Hunter and Emerson, sustained the law in every particular, and in the strongest language at their command, maintained the right of the Territorial Legislature to pass the act which it was attempted to oyer-throin the interest of a meager and unscrupulous minority. Judge Twiss also asserted the taxpayers they could vote, in view however, of the rulings of the two Judges first mentioned, it is most probable that this portion On Saturday, Sept. SOth, the County Convention of the People's Party of Salt Lake County was held in the County Court House. There was a full attendance cf delegates, among them s ters, and discord creators, who have an exist- w, validtjonha before d, the reports are of abundant and excellent harvests, second only to those of the preceding year, which was perhaps without a parallel in the history of the Territory. Large and excellent crops make the heart of the farmer glad, and send a ray of cheerfalness unconsciously through the hearts of the whole community; for what is bleaker and more dismal than a poor and unsatifactory harvest? The Governor has made a large number of ap' : pointmenta to various offices in the Territory, under the authority which h9 assumes to have derived from Congress. In Salt Lake County, nearly all the parties 'have applied for their offices but the applications have without excep-ticn been denied. On Wednesday two Individuals applied to the courts to force the present occupants to give up their offices, and the case . will be argued before Judge Hunter on the 10th of October. The parties are Arthur Pratt, who wants to be made Sheriff of Salt Lake County, and one George C. Douglas?, who aspires to be Territorial Auditor. The ablest lawyers have been secured to defend the rights of the people as against the pretended rights of these official aspirants; and the result is looked forward to with confidence. In thl3 number cf the Exponent it will be seen tha the law of this Territory, giving to women the right of suffrage has been fully sustained from the charges made against it by political trick , i al times wil also be an Important factor In draw ing together Jarge numbers of the Saint, to be advised by the authorities. On Monday, Oct. 9th, the Teriritorial Convention, for the nomination of a Delegate to s bo will held. All the county conventions s, have been held and all delegates chosen, and there is little doubt but a man well qualified to represent the best interests of the people will be chosen. Quite a number of prominent gentle. men are mentioned in connection with the position, any one cf whom would be satisfactory to the mountains were THE WOMAN SUFFRAGE LAW. to state On Friday next the General Conference of the Church of Jesu9 Chrit;of Latter-da- y Saints will commence. In view of the early harvest and generally favorable tmlriiwdythecounlS1 , ' a Work enti tied "A Compendium cf the Doctrines of the iospI," compiled by Apostle Franklin D. Ttichard. andElder James A. Little, Is from the press, and is now for sale. as we were steaming along, we sawa small herd of antelopes not more than a half a mile away, It was quite a sight as those pretty creatures are now very seldom een so near the" rallrcad track. At Laramie we got off to get a cup of tea. It was easy to see it was Sunday, for the people were in their Sunday attire. Little children with their Sunday School books just ". starting towards the meeting house. As we - IIOME AFFAIRH. New CostpEXDiUMVe are enabled " . Jrocka e, J - that pt " The tcenery wTas diversified, making a pleasing contrast to the traveler if seeking rest from business and bustle. The immense rugged and rough heights of red rock stood like gtent mansions, old fortifications, or the ruined castles of a departed race. - Irregular and fantastical, yes even wierd enough to fatisly the most imaginative fancy that in some of these quaint old crags and cliffs, robbers might have had their strongholds, and could the mountains p peak, what wonderful legends might be unfolded. But passing from tho unreal to the positive, here were the Ilocky Mountains, sublime in their grandeur. Balow were the habitations of men in every available nook and corner, and gren fields cf lucerne, wheat Just stacked, and sometimes a umeadDW ;sweet with hay" new mown and fragrant. And further on away from the haunts cf men, and where the ; . d cat-tail- s, yf -- - flection. . Tho mountains wore cv u m i eautifu new than whi h fobed" in the bright, green, robe of tu m mer; the tints were growing mellower and tho landscape mere picturesque. Beautiful mountain vaks, and shady nooks near limpid streams where soft willows drooped fringing the waters edge go gracefuiiy. The little brown biid3 flitted in and out,; and chirped merrily in the sunshine, Lending the long branches down to the water'a surface. High mountaing. "toviercdlofilly" towards the blue sky, and afar in the distance the whiie caps glistened in tho Eunlight. Here and there great tufts of velvety locking low bushes contrasted with the barren reeky cliff?', where ceeaMcnalJy a straight pino tree rcsi apparently from out the solid. rock; and with the gorgeously tinted ihrubbery, mado a picture eo charming that one might ,weli sunwonder if this were the land of men to yotennder the exUtlng law will rei"ain undiiturbed. TheTeault i no more than waa anticipate but it k gratifying: tolknow that we have men on the bench who are not afraid to breast the wavea ot ; wild and unreaonIn iamorr of apa rf rant id "for jower to which they are In no way en u tltd. -- n and-Larami- deekion-wi- tl of wo-- -- not hdp forseitixrc, between-RawlI- ns grew flatter and less to tee - flowers and i'brm-tf-mntal- anujive": morning, !llra"TSSteatirarlhlEt m Fage-brus- :a -- easy to: be dream atj going ih', TwLs -- PatUs&er Woux2ts Sxposreyr, ... TJtaa. Salt L&x ; OCTOBER T ceuTd tlTFgainBtb jtthe''j udge Hupreiue; Court, tnd that the rlht gficev a -- SALT LAKE CITY. on tli the tirbe Mag," the mand upn whkit we 'were ing.and.. thmportan;" attached "to the! special question about to be Ul3CusaeU.cn the . pjjtcp!itfarsi-- T h e4lue hHi stretch Ing away in tie distance were gently lathing in the pur-p!haze, and the gray shadows we? gathering ss tho runlet lrigd in the West Qno could" never tire cf such natural beauties though It was - Sl,..Lsl3 SX-si- awj-2Meain- yy scenery, cne Foliar. JB3SOS. LIS E 1S; WXttS, , "TTZii Uh ' -- : ' ' . 