GREETINGS AND SENTIMENTS. Hannah T. King; Sweet Friend: Id reading o'er with interest Your "Codicil," I scarcely can refrain To ask, the very first of that beheBt, You "will recall, or change, or please explain. ., "No flowers" ! What reason can my sister give For this exclusion t Pure and precious things, ; So choice, so cherished ever while we live, In death are they not hallowed offerings ? "What emblem more befitting that repose, To which your lines refer, and mark the scene, Than the full open, whitest, sweetest rose, In death as well as life our floral queen ? And best if briers on the stem be found ('Tis my own fancy, may be, or a whim, But sacred still ) One Head with thorns was crowned, And here, as ever, we would think of ITlm I Think of, and imitate that ono divine," The Sovereign always of your "my6tic three," . Whose love alone, to souls like yours and mine, E'en when bereaved, sots faith's fair pinions fret, S. L. City, Sunday April 23rd, 1881.' PROFESSOR JOSEPH L. BARFOOT DEAD! While I was linlshiDg the lines above, My husband came, and spoke a name we love; And tenderly, with reverence deep, he said, "Professor Barfoot, I have learned, is dead !" Let me not think to tell this great man's worth, This Student, rich with truths of heaven and earth But as a daughter, I can weep and say, Oh ! happy one, gone home this sacred day ! Sweet home ! to which our loved ones gather flit, Where all shall meet, with songs of joy at last; Dear Sabbaths, come and go; and for the call, So quickly coming, Lord prepare us all. Lula. SPENCER'S LETTERS. This interesting work consists of a series of fifteen letters written by Orson Spencer,in the years 1842 and 1847. They are answers to the earnest inquiries of a clergyman of the Baptist Denomination, who had formerly been an intimato friend of the author. The first letter was written in the city of Nauvoo, the others in the city of Liverpool, while the author was on amission in Europe. Tho book is remarkable for it3 beautiful flow of languagc,wbich holds the reader spell-bounEven after he has read it he finds himself referring to passages that aro particularly fascinating. Throughout tle whole volume, ono can gee that the writer evinces great anxiety concerning the welfare of his friend, sincerely wishing that he might become a convert to the "Mormon" faith. Tho author, remembering when a clergyman of the same Church; how he himself struggled against thi3 peculiar religion, endeavoring in vain to reject it, ha3 sympathy for the Baptist Minister. Not one word of censure does he return his inquiries; but by calm and conclusive arguments, he shows how inferior are the churches of the world compared with the one of which, he is a member. His writings show that he is not a religious enthusiast He uses no extravagant expres-iioc- a ta show forth the purity of his- - religion." If he makes 'an"assertiori, he cites the reader to Scripture or history, to verify tho "truth of his statement. Such appropriate language, unselfish thoughts, and generous expressions conclusively prove that the writer was inspired. His comparison t Joseph Smith with Jesus Chnsf is notablo far rWelotpence yetmmplicity; ; The modern prophet is spoken of in such glowing terms as almost to indicate devotion on the part of the writer; althongh in another paisage he expresses an aversion Jto the worship of d. man, . The eighth epistle treats especially of the nature of Deity and his abode. His assurance of the existence of God, and his being a person having a material body, is certainly gratifying. And as the Divine Being has a real body, heaven, his abode, must be a place of reality, tangible and visible to ?ts occupants. The terms in which he speaks of his deceased wife, the joy in the expectation of meeting her in a future state, are indescribably pathetic. He here showes the absurdity in supposing that the soul dies with the body. But particuarly is the writing sublime, in the description of the martyrdom of Joseph and Hyrum Smith. So vividly he portrays the awful gloom and anguish that pervaded the hearts of the people ot Nauvoo, that the reader unconsciously partakes of a melancholy feeling in keeping with those of the bereaved inhabitants, of that beautiful city, at the time of the Cameo. fearful tragedy. April 1,1882. SPRING THE EMBLEM OF YOUTH The seasons of the year, have often been considered, aa the emblems of human life. And of these, bright, beautiful Spring is considered the emblem of youth. It s said, that all depends on the Spring. If the blossoms are destroyed or if none are formed, there, will bo no fruit. seeds are not sown, there will be no harvest. The reaping time will come, but there ' will-bnothing but seeds Let us remember then my dear friends to If good be accomplished by, united action. Now it is, the beginning of the emigrating season, there are five months ahead. I thought when reading the report in the Deseret News, of the Young Ladies and Primary Aassciations, if every raeraberwoald donate one dollar, twenty-fiv- e cents, per month, for four months mighty work could be accomplished, in assisting to ' gather Israel, Those that have been gathered from the nationsknow the acu to longings the Saints experience, and their desires to gather to Zion. Having spent the first seventeen years of my life in the old country, I know a little about the situation of the working classes Sisters let us put aside the vanities of the world and assist in ameliorating the condition of our sex, and in bringing those of our faith to Zion; that they may enjoy the protection and status that we enjoy through the blessings of our religion.' We all have ability. In the emigration season, that is a strong point with mo, I want to assist myself and use an influence with others. Will let ym hear from us again in the course of three or four months, when we close our e subscription. Tho President of the Young Mens M. I. A., of this pi a .said he would use his influence assist us young ladies in with their iiK iiibers - the Gospel. Jane to-rea- e make good use of the spring of our lives.8 And sow our minds with good seeds. So that when the reaping time of onr lives comes, that we may have an abundant harvest of good deeds. I would advise you while yet young, to form good habts; and in forming them, let us try and form those that will honZ&t na xotT hi the life to come, and let us try and keep the "Word of Wisdom," to the best of our ability Let us young people refrain from using tea and coffee, tobacco and. strong intoxicating drinks, except in cases of sickness for a medicine. For now is the time to quit our bad habits, and to form good, and noble ones. It is easier to quit the bad ones 4now, than when tve are older, Now in the easier today, than tomorrow. spring of our lives is the time for tho improvement of our minds,the correction of our tempers, the enlargement of our capacities to serve God. For the formation of good habits; and above all let us make a decided effort to work out our own salvation with fear and trembling before Amelia Spencer. our God. HOW TO HELP EMIGRATE. Escalantk, Garfield Co. April 23rd, 1882. S. Coleman. THOUGHTS. All alone, yet not alone for I feel that the Spirit of Goa is here, and when we have the: fl Spirit of God in our hearts, wo need never ana something to think of that is good and will do us: good; indeed I think it is good to be alone sometimes, sa that wo can recall our past acts, and, see where we can improve, for I care not how good, or how j charitaple a person may be they can always improv-- e if they will try; and we must ever remember there is no standing still in the kingdom of God; if we are not improving ourselves, we are certainly losing what we have gained, so it behooves us to bo ''up and doing" or perhaps when the Bridegroom conies we shall be found among the five foolisli virgins,, without oil jrn our lamps; and there will bo no time to buy then. Now is the time to trim our lamps and take care 'to keep them burning bright." To do this, wo have no time to waste, for Satan is ever on the alert, and unless wo watch ourselves very carefully we are liable to step aside. We must not only watch ourselves but pfsjf earnestly for wisdom and strength to withstand the snares of the5evil one. I sometimes think e as he Is, how if we were only as much faster we should progress, but some' ot us soem to be half asleep. Sisters let us bestir ourselves, let us watch our children more carefully teach them to pray and to have faith in God; see that they :teep good company, teach them to observe, "The Word pf Wisdom " do not allow them to foUofv after the fashions of the world. Its grieyes me sometimes, to seo how careless some mothers are in regard to their off--. spring, they seem, tP ftmk that when they are fed and clothed their work is done,' and the little one is left to seek its own 'amusement: no wonder jhey are led to,, do wrong, God will hold us responsible for thesethings. Sisters let us w&e up and trim ouij lamps while yet tho chance is. oura, for soon . the cry will go forth Behold thendegro ycont to ' JEiiiMAT meet" him." wide-awak- Editor Woman's Exponent: After reading the letter in the last ExponAsent, from Kent, England, to theourPrimary sociations' of Box Elder Stake; sympathies of the children the of behalf in moved were AssociaSaints in foreign lands. Our Primary tion had the proceeds of a party on hand to get Mre. presents for the children. The President, .to the Mary A. P. Schow, read the letter to - them the situation of the. vworld; then took a many poor children in vote whether they would rather have presents or emigrate a needy child, their sympathies were awakened, directly all said they . would rather send for a little boy or girl. . Ha?e re- . y . ceived since in donations form five' cents to ono dollar, have $18,00 cause. bers were present. We opened a subscription,, all present were willing to donate one "dollar each, to emigrate a young lady. Much can .'; .' V' We also spoke on the snbicct of assisting, to JxoiingvLadies Ai gather the',Saints, in oursituation with tharof sociation; contrasted our the Saint?, m the oild. A majority of mem , ' V- . . Senator Paddock has' Veen appointed oho of tho five Commissioners for Utah. 