n.n WOMAN'S .,, i y,, E XPONENT. 23 f;. w p. - iSke: Ringing,"" jto&ph Smith' Minutes 4. them to mate tneir opportunity shot or be chofeio' hung. The fol lowing is taken from this same discourse of President and gwcftfflfi of our people is ottered "Young; ;:--- - sness " - . -- --- -. i R. S , Y. L. M. L A. AND PRIMARY ... - --- f ST. REPORTS. . DAVID, ARIZONA. ; : ' Our Relief Society held the third annual meeting April 18th, 1882. President Cyrena Merrill presiding; after the usuaj exercises of singing and prayer the financial report was read for the year ending May 4th, 1881. Cash :' on hand at that time, $7.30. Donated to Society, $21.40. Property , on hand, $37.50. $14.00 Disbursed, $8.00. Cash m treasury, ' Total $88. 20.' .. Much good instruction was given by Elder David P. Kimball, his Counselor D. J. Merrill and Patriarch T. C. Merrill. They felt proud we - . . a general thing; Maria McCrae, Secy, pro gain that salvation you desire. "I do not feel vain, but I feel to say brethren and sisters lay 'aside your vanity and your feeling to exult; there will bo a time when and vou can exult and do it 1 1 1 ttrrti mercy, inere win also ne a ciay wnen you willjbe brought to the testwhenfluxjry-- i hearts and your innermost souls will melt within you because of the scenes that many of you will witness. Yes, you will be , brought to the test, when you will feel as if every thing within you would dissolve. Then will be the time you will be tried, , whether you will stand the" test or fall away. '1 hayenodoubt but there will be hundreds who will leave us and go away to our enemies. I wish they would go this fall; it might relieve us from much trouble,' for if men turn traitors; to God and his servants their blood will surely be Bhed, or else they will be damned, and that too according to the covenants. x .The test has now come and the scene3 which they predicted are to be realized, and if the ones who have laughed and mocked at their prophetic words and also those who are now threatening destruction upon the servants of God do not repent, they will be found among the ones to whom the Lord will say " Ye have set at nought all my counsel and would none of my reproof. I also will laugh at your calamity; I will mock you when your fear cometh. When your fear cometh as desolation, and destruction cometh as a whirlwind; when distress and anguish cometh upon you. Then shall they call upon me, but I will not answer; they shall seek me early but they shall not find me; "For that they hated knowledge, and did not choose the fear of the Lord." I fail to see wherein the truth can injure this people. We know that there are evils among us 'therefore let them be brought to the surface that we may be cleansed from them; for it is our daily prayer that iniquity may be purged out from our midst, for we are aware that the net gathereth of all kinds, and the dishonest and corrupt who are filled with envy "daily toil with lying tongue to make the noble seem mean as himself." Of such we wish to be relieved, asthey are' a detriment to society and a clog in the wheels of progress.- - "Mormon-ism- " has stood the test for over fifty years, and, as Professor Coynersays, "If it can stand the test, the professed claim of inspiration, God's peculiar people, etc., may be accepted." We are more than willing to be measured by this standard. "The tree is to be judged by its fruits." . - is good, as First Prayer desire an interest in the-- prayers of all faithful Saints. "We pray for success to all your endeavors in the advancement of Zion's cause. . Cyrena Merrill Prest.; Esther Merrill, Secy: r "Any of you who understand the principle of eternity, if you have sinned a sin requiring the shedding of blood except the sin unto death, would not be satisfied nor rest untill your blood should be spilled, that you might 1 Maste ZZ:'":-'--PAYBOX- ' . iem. - Dear Sister Wells:We thought, as a Belief Society'lvwQuld show, through the columns of the Exponent, that we are alive in Payson. Many good faithful sisters doing all the good they, can, with our TPresident and' Oounselors,to cheer and bless the daughters of" Zion. We feel thankful td SisterSnowTy'pur- sel f, Sisters Taylor, Felt and Howard for the refreshing visit we had from you last fall. The good counsel and heaven hiimfliiencejillJ)a 4 "feltby us, we hope, till you again honor us with a visit. Many good faithful testimonies are borne, thanking our Father in heaven for our homes in these mountains. If the outside world pity us for being so deluded, we pity The them in their ignorance. r J ' " - - SUMMIT." Quarterly Conference of the Primary, owan Stake, held . at Summit, May .7th, Par-- . President Mary Durham presiding. After the usual opening exercises the minutes of the last Conference were read and ac-y. cepted. President Mary Durham then expressed her gratitude to ; the Almighty- for the great provemen tlbeing: made by- the rising generation, and felt to say with the Savior, "sufier little children to come unto me and forbid them not, for of such is the kingdom of heaven" she then encouraged them to' come forward with their songs and recitations, which they promptly did. President Jones then gave some good instructions to parents, upon their, duties to their offspring, as they are the future pillars of Zion and should be taught every, principle of morality day by day, that they may have and : power to see the difference between good evil. He then blessed every organization -rto the reign of peace and ighteousness upon the earth. As Spring ha3 advanced so has the health of the people of this settlement improved, and now the apple, the peach and the plum trees are loaded with fruits; the: fields look green, ' promising a bountiful harvest to the farmer,for which we thank the Giver of all good. Let us learn what is right and do it for the love of righteousness. Let us send our children to school where they are taught the prithat will enlighten their nciples of the Gospel their understanding, and minds, and enlarge enemies of prepare them to stand before theand election truth. Let us make "our calling sure by our every day , walk and conversation, that no one can bring a railing accusation ' against us. An Elizabeth Webster, Stake Secretary P. A. t; f 1: Cedar City, June 7th, 1882. . - ng - '" " 7 ... Primary Conference held e? ! . ' at Wallsburg May 26th;l882.: Prest. Glenn presiding. Smging children." Prayer, by ''Open, the door for the GRANTSVILLE. " The Ladies conference of Tooele Stake was held in Grantsville, at the Meeting houso Saturday and Sunday, June 10th and 11th, 1882. Mrs. M. A. Hunter presiding. Present on the stand from Salt Lako City, Sisters Phebe WoodrufF, Presendia L. Kimball. After singing, prayer and. singing, minutes of the last Conference were read an(l accepted. Sister oodruff gave some very good instructions to "both old and young, she alluded to her long years; experience - in the Church forty-seve- n cautioned mothers about setting a good example, made some explanations in regard to the Deseret Hospital, and spoke of the great need which existed of an institution of this kind. Mrs. M. A. House read the circular to the congregation, which ..explained in detail the condition of tho affair.-Sister P. L. Kimball spoke of the Hospital and the desire of the Sisters of theRelief Society to do good to all those who needed assistance or comfort looked upon it as a labor of love. Sister Hunter made somo very excellent ' remarks. - Afternoon Session: The Primary Associations convened ' in Conference. Mrs. Sarah Hale presiding. There were over a hundred bright, intelligent children presents Exercises consisted of song3, recitations and dialogues. Sister Woodruff and Kimball addressed them and asked questions, to which the children re-v t plied promptly.::Y. of the Conference the evening Saturday L. M. I. A., was held. Mrs. Ann Tate presid--infrom Salt Lake City were able but there was a good attendto attend not The time was ance of the young people. mostly occupied Jn bearing testimony; some good instructions were given. Sunday afternoon: After the administering of the Sacrament Sisters Woodruff and Kimball addressed the congregation, in a very pleasing and intelligent manner. Prest. II. J. Grant gave very good instructions encouraging the sisters to diligence - in all good works; spoke most fa'vorablyof the Hospital, and said 7 he feltsure the "sisteri would accomplbh what they had undertaken.. Prest. Grant also referred to the labors of the sisters in storing up wheat, and made other good remarks. Conference was adjourned until the "27th of August Ann Tate. next, at Tooele City.' " 1882. per-tami- . . e-number-was the Exponent, Articles on exhibition were quilts, mats, tidie3 cushions, aprons,. mottoes, dolls, hats, bands, pictures in water colors, cakes, pies, boy made a"rset of frames and quilting presented them to the President, with some verses composed for the occasion. Wc also had a dancing party in the evening. Sarah Glenn, Prest. Lucina Borcn, Cor. Secy. ; our beloved Sister Tanner, whose obituary our President Mrs. B. J. Simmons and Counselors Sister Agnes Douglas and Mary Moore wished inserted in Among ten. puddingS-etcOne--littl- : a'fMiO "whiehjwas Exponent ever is a welcome visitor with us. Many familiar faces have been taken from our midst by death; seemingly we could not spare them. - ,read and approved. Verbal report given by the President. Programme: reading, by Sister Glenn; Bible stories, by Polly A. Lamb and S. Workman; recitations, Clinton C. Borcn, Susie Gardner, Janet Gardner, Ida V Boren; dialogue, Annie Gardner, Annie Borcn and Wm. Camp; songs, S. Workman, Maggie, Camp, Abbie Lamb and Jan e Lamb; dialogue, Lsabello Kerby, M. M. Duke an d "Win . G reer. Appropriate remarks Bishop Wm. Nuttall, Georgo Dabling and Prest. Glenn. ,i thechambers pf the Mount- Singing," "In ains.- "- Benediction by Annie Gardner. The Primary --also held their first Fair - ' : . . r: g. The-Siste- rs ' WEBER STAKE. Conference opened with the usual preliminaries.- After a few opening remarks by Sister Jane S, Thursday,1- - June 8, 10 a. m. - - 3 St J 