The Eights of the Women of Zioi, and the Eights of the Women of all Nations. No. 12; THE LADY PHYSICIAN.-- I knew that request was not made or "lightly, unadvisedly ,'r and at that awfully grand moment of my life, when about to' 3 womb Jijsa'teriit-fel- t so sweeUr "have eomeTHmgTrinXown, on which to press even a finger, that I assented and we two ' with: you SENT TO DR. K. B. J'RATT. ojiith nor fancieth Beneath tbo feet of palni The lily of her ladhood,.in sootb,; . Too white to bloom beside the conch of death . entered the waters of baptism together. This is the scene that memory holds up to me this is and all vivid a3 to night; my mind, as when it actually took place. Every word, every ? Ills tha woman healer here who stands ' "With tender touch npoa the cruel knife; With thorough graven brows and skillful hands, And yearning heart to save the house of life. -- JBLess lo'ok,the whole scene is as it were photofirranhed and brain: ttever lobe erased . .lypon . It was the myriad cry of your distress,' That urged her outward from the cloistered hall To make the burden of your angulslTlcss! -- . - - An American Elder administered the rite of baptism by immersion, we were verily buried ' Her pathway scent, O flowers that fleck t!rvj:au, As from her hurrying feet the dews arj driven, "With no less fragrance than your clusters yield By dimpled hands to happy mothers given;' And ye, O men who watch her toilsome days With doubtful lip In half derision curled, Scant not her meed of courtesies and praise, The bloom and starlight of the Bpirit world. For with a 6en6e of loss too fino to own, The neetward longing of the carrier dove, L tsho tnrneth from ber first, entitled throne, And alljhaiionschold walks that womenloTeT The gracious ministers of little deeds And service for tbo few, by love made sweet; From these she turnethunto wider needs, And poors her ointment on the etranger'b feet. Perchance, amid the clash of busy days, She may lay by a trick or two of charms, May miss of those caressing, dainly ways That women learn from babies in their arms. But even while the battle scars her face, And makes her voice etcrn on the combat rude, She but refines ber best, peculiar grace, And proves her womanhood. ul Katharikk Lke Batks. From the Boston Transcript. . MEMORY THE CURSE OR BLESSING OF EXISTENCE. BY nANNAU. T. KING. November the fourth, 1882." Evening as usual I am alone, and yet, not by7 any means alone, or lonely; my brain is all alive with a vision of the past, memory by her mystical power- draws back with soft and gentle hand a curtain, and a marvelous panorama opens to my view. I behold a river, yes the classic waters ol tne Cam roll at my ieet; a group .ot kind and watchful friends are around me not the friends of my youth, not my blood relations, no, they are I away; afar off in every sense of the word; they are not cognizant of the step I am about to take. 'T would have been vain to apprize them, they would riot have condescended even to listen to me; so after mature reflection, I decide to take the step that I feel will revolutionize uy me. Alone Yet no. nnt nil nl .clinging 8pirit"bon8 of my bone and flesh of my flesh," and far more still, twin spirit of my soul, holds my hand and whispers, 'iet me go with you, I desire with all my heart to go' I in theJiquid grave,Tiracumelbl most cer- v i ami to a new Jitc. temnora v. snintnn vnnrt - Shine on hrr, stars, while forth she goes alone Beneath the night, by angel pity led; JAnd shed such luster as your rays hare thrown On bridal steps that chime with lover's tread. self-forgetf- -- my-hear- t- herwomeirjrtortrwasour call, r iihe f Ob, who Is this,, who casts her rose ?; eternallv ! nun . appeared the - Holocaust.' Dut strength was given, the sacrifice wa3 laid the altar I and the ordeal was passed ! Thirty-tw- o years this day have revolved over me since these scenes were enacted, during which I have passed the "changes and chances" that inevitably follow: dark days, privations, bereavements, sickness almost unto death, and all the ordeals that a true s . to pass th rough.- "Yet I have "never seen the first moment, that I regretted the step I then took or wished that T could recall the act, or go back to my former state or associations. My former life had decidedly been a happy and a prosperous one, yet th rou gh all there - was a vaeu u m, but through "all the reverse ot scenes descri bed above, 1 have ' never : fel t a vacu um! even when I could not help suffering under reverses, still there was no sigh, no groan of regret, or the least, desire to return. The language of my soul was on ! on ! there is 'sun-- . behind this cloud. I felt a power, sus. shine taining me, softening the rough path to me, raising up friendsjo comfort and support me, even to a romance; I met them on the ship, on the steamer, in the encampments, crossing the wild prairies,-me-t them in the city, they walked and talked with me, comforted and invigorated my weakened system, and were to me a3 "An angel in the way." If one was taken, another came to supply the vacant place, and ; so life till like achild learning to walk, Progressed out of "leading strings," and felt I Death took could stand alone with ray God some of the most, efficient, but I grasped "the rod of iron," and found I was "coming up from the wilderness leaning on the arm of tho Beloved." Him, whose name I took upon me at the waters of baptism, and hence all was The kind and loving well is well voices of other days are away in the eternities; but still kind friends are around me; and I am happy and con ten ted. I have grown : o ut of bahvhood, childhood, and youth, and have at tained a decree of maturitv,f being thirty- two years'" old at six o'clock this eveni ng : m the Church of .Jesus Christ, and the embryo kingdom of God upon the earth. work, I rejoice ; in this grand Latter-da- y be shall when ."all thiDgs gathered in one." "One Lord, one faith, one baptism." The Lord said, "gather me together a people ' who have made a covenant with me, , by sacrifice." ; Yes, sacrifice is the sign of the covenant, but "the, oil of gladness" is ever round, and about the.: altar and the Spirit of the living God sustains and animates the votary-o- f Latter-dayThere is through all, a peace, joy, a satisfaction that the religions of the world cannot give, or their recipients enjoy.; Many that have come into the Church poor, . . .ave become rich, but if they still retain their I first love" pf the Gospel of Christ, they would ay all down as d ujtthe?JaIanceT-- f su impediraent iin:.their path-toti- & eternal-rich- es promised the faithful, faithful even unto the end even unto death This is my testimony living or dying. This ' is the language of ray heart, and brain. -- 1 have tried to be an apt pupil in the school of the Lord, for verily "Mormon is m" 13 the school of theXordy-in-whicall are prepared for that higher school," into which all will be received who can present credentials that will nfocure for them the higher forms of the House of ; God, which i3 eternal in the Heavens. Let U3 a3 Latter-da- y Saints, walk cautiously, quietly, calmly, with our eye3 lifted up above the riches of the earth, which perish even in the using; that when the summons arrives for our departure, we may feel ready, and the voice of our heart exclaim Gloria in Excelsia . i ch-ixecarn- -- lTan . h ' Dei. : ECONOMY IN THE HOME. Latter-dayJinJha- - -- ! -- to-da- y. , AJ -- s. - Dear Editor: : 7 ; - Perhaps some of the wives ..who read your paper are sometimes puzzled to know what to - get to eat and will be glad to hear others - tell what their" husbandslike. Myhusband-like- 3I pancakes, but would not get them oiten: now,. when eegs arc twentv-nv- e cents per dozen, if had not given "me the recipe for my neighbor e "Hard-timwhat she calls the pancakes." I tried her plan of beating up thoroughly together flour, salt, buttermilk and soda, into a batter thin enough to pour, and fried quickly - with plenty of lard, it makes a ..delicious dish for breakfast, and will answer occasionlly as a substitute for meat; By "plenty of lard" I do not mean that one should use as much as is used to fry crullers or fritters, especially. noT when lard is seventeen cents' per lb., but have the griddle or skillet well greased, 7; My husband is also very fond of Chili Sauce which I make by chopping up fine, four large onion3, twel ve large ripe - tomatoes, three red peppers; adding then salt, three teaspoon fuls each of ginger, whole cloves and ground cinna mon, seven tablespoonfuls of sugar, and three f teacupfuh of vinegar, boiling all together for an hour and seal up hot. - your pairc :iI some time tide, ago, about saving small things. reaoVin The writer spoke of the value pf the sunflower. When gathering my sunflower seeds this fall, I remembered the article and ask permission to add that its stal k makes very good kindling -- wood; and to suggest to some "enterprising person the possibility of using jthe seeds ibr- dying purposes, a3 they stain the hands a deep j 2)urpie color which will not rub oh" easily."" Now before I close I will tell the young ladies what my little girl is making; perhaps some of them would be glad of the suggestion, to make something for a Christmas gift to a sister, cousin or aunt. It may be old to many. She has taken a cow horn, after the butcher cleaned the inside of it, and after scraping the outside with glass until it was smooth, she pasted small transfer pictures on it, and is : ' varnishing it now; after the varnish drie3 she will make small holes through the top and tip through which she will put a fancy cord or a ribbon, and it will make a beautiful orna ment for the corner of the parlor to hold a fbfiLY Bscrrr winter honrquet, . - 