WOMAN'S EXPONENT. At a Mass Meeting of ladies in this city, NEW YEAR'S EVE. held Nov. 16, 1878. Sister Zina delivered a very eloquent impromptu address, and perhaps it would not beamiss at the present time to make an extract therefrom. The address was favorably commented upon by the press abroad: - "The principle of our holy religion that is assailed is one that lies deep in my heart. Could I ask the heavens to listen; could I beseech the earth to be still, and the brave men who possess the spirit of a Washington to hear what I am about to say. I am a daughter of a Master Mason I am the widow of a Master Mason, who, when leaping from the window of Carthage Jail pierced with bullets, made the Masonic sign of distress; but, gentlemen, (addressing the representatives ..of the press that were present) those signs were not heeded, except by the God of heaven. That man, the. Prophet of the Almighty, was massacred without mercy! Sisters, this is the first time in my life that I have dared to give utterance to this fact, but I thought I could trust my soul to say it on this occasion; and I say it now in the fear of Israel's God. and I say it in the presence of these gentlemen, and I wish my voice could be heard by the whole brotherhood of Masons throughout our proud land. That institution I honor. If its principles wera practised and strictly adhered to, would there be a trespass upon virtue? No indeed. Would the honorable wife or daughter be intruded upon with impunity? Nay, verily. Would that the ladies of America, with the honorable Mrs. Hayes at their head; would that the Congress of the United States, the lawmakers of our nation, could produce a balm for the many evils which exist in our land through the abuse of virtue, or could so legislate that virtue could be protected and cherished as the life which heaven has given us! We, in common with many women throughout our broad land, would hail with joy the approach of such deliverance, for such is the deliverance that ' Tho evening closes around me, And folds me In silent thought; The year I hare left behind me By Memory's hand is brought, The poor old year, with his failing eyes, Falls down at my feet with soft, dyingxries. f f Old man, I say, thou'st given mc Happiness sweet and rare; Bat sometimes thou hast driven me On to the reefs of care. The dying year, with his peaceful eyes, At my chiding words, shows no surprise. Of love, I have had full measure, I've tasted a mother's bliss, But in vam I've felt 4be longing For my absent darling's kiss. While I thus complain, the midnight hour Chimes through the room with a solemn power. The sound and the thrill die away, And silence is all around; I stoop with reverent feeling To lift old Time from the ground-- Bat instead, a babe with wide, innocent eyes Looks up from my knee with a sweet surprise. O babe, unclose thy little hand, And show me the days in store : Will I see as much of love and peace As I have in the year before ? But the babe looks up with his innocent eyes And to my anxious questions gives na replies. O babe, I will crown thy forehead With love flowers pure and sweet ; I will wrap thee with robes of charity, With patience will sandal thy feet ; If thou wilt but let me my darling see And the baby sighs as ho lies on my knee. 1 Then up he starts to leave me, And whispers, "I'll come again ; Your blessings are great, believe me, Dou 't mourn for that which is vain f ' ' So the New Year soars away from my knee, And leaves me to prove what my future will be, m 123 IIombspun. ' S - woman needs. 'fit Zina D. H. Young. CONTINUED. Under the able management of Sister Zina, and the board of officers cooperating together, a great deal of good was accomplished in sericulture after the organization of the Deseret Silk Association. Mulberry trees were planted and cocoons raised in every part of the Territory where the climate would permit. A good article of silk was manufactured without machinery, or with such as could be obtained at home. The enterprise grew and increased while Sister Zina labored indefatigably for its promotion. Her labors were of such a character that, looking back upon them one might think they were of little consequence; but those who know what it is to begin with nothing and found any business, or industry, will be able to comprehend something of the difficulties and obstacles to be overcome in making a thing of this kind successful. The details of such work can never be given; the amount of energy expended, or brain force brought to bear upon the subject in laboring to make its advantages undei stood. In all departments of woman's labor for the public good; Sister" Zina has been found at her post, doing her share of active work in th- - best manner possible. She has traveled much and widely among the different settlements, visiting the organized societies, or assisting Sister Eliza or the local authorities in Vher-evorganizing. woman's help is needed in public interest for the goxl of Zion, thereany she is to be iound laboring with zeal and her utmost side by side with Sister Eliza, for the ability advancement of truth. to-da- y, er "The principle of plural marriage is honorable; it is a principle of the Gods, it is heaven-borGod revealed" it to us among other n. things as a saving principle; we have accepted it as such, and we know it is of Him, for the fruits of it are holy. Worthy men and women of old practised it, even the Savior himself traces his lineage back t polygamic parents. We are proud of the principle, because we understand its true worth, and we want our children to practice it, that through us a race of men and women may grow up possessing sound minds in sqund bodies, who shall 'live to the age of a tree.' " This is only a part of one of Mrs. Young's speeches, but will give the reader perhaps some idea of the ability of the lady as a public Had she been educated for the platspeaker. form, and spoken upon other subjects, she would doubtless have received many encomiums of praise and won distinction in the lecture f)eld; but being only a "Mormon;" she is content with the love of her own people, and ambition to do good to others inspires her to move forward wherever duty calls her for the benefit of womankind and the interests of Zion. And in pursuing this course she finds her highest happiness. During the summer of 1879 Sister Zina's health seemed to demand a change of climate and of scene, and she decided to take a trip to She was the Sandwich Islands to recuperate. Mtss Susie Young, one of the accompanied by daughters of Prest. 15. Young. While away on this tour she met manjf people of note, to whom she had an opportunity oj speaking ;upon the principles of our religion, andhe distributed many books and tracts setting forth corgenrect idea3 of our faith and of our people ' e was to paid; her veryerally. Great respect Islanda she waa Hawiian the where, and upon -- almost constantly feted and honored by the afnatives. She asfectionate and simple-minde- d sisted the native members of the Church there in getting an organ for use in their meetings and Sunday Schools, and contributed liberally for other benevolent purposes. In fact, Sister Ztoa-ha- s .always given liberally to the poor aod for public benefits. No woman in Israel, perhaps, has more friends among the poor than she has, for she possesses that ready tact of saying kind words and pleasant things at a happy time, besides having the faculty of giving alms gracefully. Her visit to the Sandwich Islands greatly improved her health, and on returning home she commenced laboring again in her active public duties. To be continued. REMARKS AT BY ZINA Y. WHLIAMS. a woman's MEETING DEC. 3, 18SL Mrs. Williams said she rejoiced in the privilege of mingling her voice with her sisters in Salt Lake City. Said the same spirit pervaded the assemblies of the Saints in Provo that reigned here. Spoke eloquently upon the principle of Celestial Marriage. Said our enemies are seeking to uproot and destroy that vital principle of our religion, and we, the daughters of Zion, should step forth and use all our powers to maintain it. We should teach our children that it is a pure and holy order, and will exalt and ennoble all who live it according to the spirit thereof. When selfishness is put away, and we can love our sisters as ourWhat is going selves, then we can be happy. to stay the terrible tide of corruption which is sweeping over the earth? Nothing but that same holy principle; for the leading minds of the age have labored in vain, while wickedness is increasing dailyand hourly; Mothers, Satan is seeking to destroy our children; let us be on our guard, that we may prepare them to take the places of the older Ones who are continually passing away. We all have trials to pass through, but we should not sit down and fold our hands, allowing them to curtail our usefulness. Let us ask God to give us strength to bear what He gives us to bear, working faithfully and unceasingly to further the advancement of this great work, which is committed (o our charge. We should also tram our children to habits of industry, which will save them from many evils. Alluded to the Brighara Young Academy in Provo. Said God was with and blessed those who acted as teachers there. That is the school where parents can send their children, and be sure their hearts will be educated as well as M. A. B. F. their brain. . Lady Duffus Hardy tells her readers in England that if any one travels in America in perfect comfort ancl freedom from anxiety, it is the unprotected woman, to whom all men yield deference and respectful assistance. She is very sorry her own countrymen are not always decent and polite at such times. Ex. The alleged decree excluding women from public offices will displace women from the of Richmond, Va., and Louisville, Ky., who fill these positions so acceptably that no ground of removal can be found except their sex. It will displace hundred of wiaofrs, to make places for office hunters. This infamous order will strike-MisSweet, pension agent of "Chicago, who has filled the position with great ability for many years. But it will serve a purpose in showing the uneven chance a woman has for jjlace and position, juit because of her diifirandiiMment.- - JEs. post-offic- es 