WO MAN'S FOR OUR KINDRED. A-PL- EA The distance was two hundred and fifty miles, and everything was in readiness to start When tho prison doors were open, tbo Savior entered there They heMd the joyous token ' Who had longlairt in despair; Ob, what pity filled bis fcoeom! ""' Mow his heart ycarncd to redeem! They who scoffed tho Prophet Noah Perished in the world's great Etrcom: How their elder brother loved them! , There ho went fromoJTthe crp6i Bear lovo ana merey with him, " Anxious to repair their loss.: Faith, repentance and taptisni-- -; Ho proclaimed to every one Simple though the message given He tha samehimself had done. ,And lr-Home -i- Us; - MARY ISABELLA" HORNE. - a-t- ime Continued. Mrs. Homo has ever been an active worker . in benevolent- - directions for the public good.1 She was a member "of the Relief Society in Nauvoo, and there gained somo knowledge, ""'through the teachings of tho prophet Joseph, - :wuuciuiug me xuiasxuu ui woman minis uispen- -' Eation,therefore when President Brighara Yonu g a reorganization of the Relief Society in the several wards of Salt 1 ake City she wa3 well prepared to take hold of the work.under- standingly. In the first organization of the fourteenth ward in ,this. city, in the Spring of 1857, Mrs. Home was set apart as a Counselor to the President of the Relief Society, Mrs. Phoebe Woodruff. In. this' capacity she labored diligently and faithfully un til the time of effected the move South, when the Society was no Ion- ger able to operate as an organized body. On tlie loth of October 1857, anpther l)abe, a little girl, was added to the happy household, making the eighth daughter. Of these boys and girlsnow grj)wjrlojiianliood-and-woman- hood we shall have more - to - say- - towards the clcse of this brief history. --- , . . In April. 1858. President Yminfry notified ' Mrs. Home to prepare to go South as far as Parowan Mr. Home had been previously called to go in to Southern Utah to assist in developing the cotton interests in Dixie. This was at the time of the vacating of the . city when Johnston's army had been sent to sub-du- e the "Mormons." Think of the many families who left the homes they had labored bo hard to make in thi3 new and desolate land; and how many women with little ones around them were obliged to go out from homes, taking - only the bare necessaries of household comforts, and take once more to the tents and wagons for shelter! Mrs. Horne had a family of ten children and only two boys to render much assistance. The children were not well with for a supplied Yy clothing journey-- i that kind, and one of the twin daughters just recovering from a severe atack of injas carnation of the lungs; but nothing daunted & Jlrs. Hornewas mistress of the situation, and set to work in earnest, making the necessary Preparations for the journey. This sacrifice of home under such peculiarly trying circum- - stances was one of the severest trials (Mrs. ' .Horr 9 . old-enoug- h lifevr ;. hel,uthe - "While of her thlfl by first of May. ' She bade adieu to her pleasuuc ant homewith a cheerful heart,' relying upon iri bait Lake City in time MMtion-iorrl- lf and children lritBeir: old home; re" iArntrasf lier-hornot whether she knowing Should ever see turning heartfelt thank3 to' the Father for hi3 -again. This heroic mother took her protecting sare. upon the journey and their babe six months old in her arras and drovA in safe return. Mrs. Home took such a severe light wacron thfe entire distance. - fib W1 cold in the storm that ehe- sulfered from neuthe-saiier four youngest children in con-- " ralgia In the face for the next three months. the eldest of them but four years old. veyance, She had a hard struggle to get along with her What will surprise our readers, especially those family and all the . domestic - work after her outside of the "Mormon" Church,. w'a4hitf return, ashe was constantly in pam and with- she took her husband's other family in the out any managed to live and same wagon with herself. One-c-an form some take care of her little"6nes; though the burden idea of the elevation of character necessary to must have been a very heavy one. She had rise above every feeling of selfishness under however the assistance of her son Henry whom such circumstan ces as these - were. ' 1 1 took she found in Salt Lake on. duty when she resome time to reach Parowan in. this way, stopturned home. Late in the fall of that year to rest the teams and make ping .calculations... rettrraedfrOm his Southern missionT" for horses the idea may be gathered from the some Perhaps mpreherFwasTeed and cattle, and the family reached their destinforegoing, of the fortitude and faith of "Mor- ation about the first- - of June, among strangers mon women under trying circumstances- and homeless; but Mrs. Horne soon made friends, and while their EusBands and often their sons Br. Edward Dalton and family were most kind areengaged in public d u ties in the Kingdom, ; in allowing her the freedom of their house to" in various fields -- of labor or upon missions cook and eat; which was a great accomodation abroad, preaching the Gospel to the nations of . in a time like that; and soon after her husband the earth. Who can read the foregoing and came up from theDixteountiy"tdvHrfliem not feel that Mrs. Home's mission, though of and built two. small board rooms for them. a home nature, was not as important a one in '. Meantime Mrs. Home earned enough by takevery sense of the wonj, requiring not only herin to make childflock little of ing sewing great moral5 courage and business tact, but ren comfortable. It inbejndjDredJiQwiin great laith arid trust in Him, who rides upon of such scarcity, she could supply cloththe storm and ' tempera tho wind to the shorn u" for her .Iamb. in Some ing family by taking sewing,. s- iSaints had just arrived in Parowan from San To be Coniintwd. ; Bernardino, loaded with goods, and in need of help to make up clothing, and Mrs Horne gladly availed herself of this opportunity... Her MISCELLANEOUS. ieidest-son- , "the only" one old- enough to "render much assistance, returned to Salt Lake The torture of a bad conscience is the he o and was detained to assist in putting in late" a living soul.- - Calvin. ' y crops, so she was obliged to do without his help. In September, word reached the Saints who, No way has been found for making heroism had gone South that difficulties had been sol: easy, even for the scholar. Labor, iron labor, far adj usted that all who wished migh t retu rn is for him. The world was created a3 an audihome. She received tbc news gladly, and ence for him; the atoms of which it. is' made sold what she could of the household fur.arc ppportun i ties. Emerson niture she had gathered ..around her, a man to help load up, and to drive one" ers. Much . of., the poetry of lifo of her teams. Mrs. Horne arranged cvery: springs from flowers! How delicate a pleasure thing in the best possible manner, bade goodit i3 to twine tho orange blossom or japonica for bye to her kind friends in Parowan and joythe bride, to arrange a bouquet for the invalid, fully started for home about the middlo of Sepor to throw' simple flowers in the Jap of childtember. She drove one of the team3 with her hood! babe in her arms, as she had on the former 1 tne otner ana the journey, tno man-dro- ve False Dignity. True dignity does not children took turns in driving the cows. Mrs. scorn amusement. The man or woman who Home is so" thoroughly efficient a business thinks innocent pastime foolish, has yet a leswoman, that she knows when others fulfill their son in good sound common sense - to learn. t, and slio soon responsibilities as Playfulness is by no means inconsistent with ascertained that the man's services she had enPunch once said: dignity and felt in she little value fact were of "Men-and gaged, women have died of dignity;" he she would have been better off without him. ' meant false dignity.. The journey home was tedious arid hard and when she arrived in Payson the man she had Pursuit of Knowledge. Boccaccio wa3 remain to decided so her thirty-fivthere, employed years old when he commenced his own little boys drove the team and the girls studies in polite literature. Yet he became well drove the cows. They 'got along very one of the three great masters of the Tuscan until they reached American Fork, when tho dialect, Dan to and Petrarch being tho other wind started blowing furiously and beat direct two. There are many among us ten years the forepart of the ly in their faces, during younger than Boccaccipf who are dying of en' travel. to In almost it nui and regret that they are not educated to a , impossible day, making the afternoon the wind went down and rain taste for literature, supposing that they are too them at Little overtook fell heavily; Night old. ...:.:.-' ,..''. Cotton Wood, and it was impossible to proceed No advanced thought, no mystical philosoany further in the storm so this courageous mother with only, her little children and teams phy, no glittering abstractions, yno swelling phrases about freedom, not even science with encamped for the night by the side of tho its marvelous inventions and discoveries, can -fire it was so road. They could not light a wet and the little folks were hungry, sleepy help us much in sustaining this republic; still el less can godless theories of creation, or and uncomfortable. Mrs. Horne says: "I hopo-- I shall never have to pass another such a night. attempts to rule out the Redeemer, froiriv His rightful supremacy in our hearts, afford Our wagons leaked and the rain wet everyany hope of security. That way lies 'despair. thing in them. I guarded, my children the J?.. C. Whxiltfoy. , test I tfnld during the flight, ami emj?tfr4 ; -- A REPRESENTATIVE WOMAN. Kry?) rbnrl nrl - M. L. M. . nn 3 me CZi- - - ftverv. il J ffirMilHr.li . our kindred are forlorn? Waiting for the rising temples That our substance ehoiijdadorn. Salt Lake City, July, 24th, ma. . Rut ae Though we're robed in gilt and purple Silk and scarlet deck our form . I caught, dish after dish of rain water which id ; JSSHIltxausaMifrfodtaive EXP 0 NEN T . ; ' ,; , ' and-engage- r . . 1 .""iiCiIjil d " they-ough- self-respec- t, . . e . , any-infid- :: . 