.Tt fa nulla nrnhnhtft thftt thlfl . i1 ' J tney nave so careniuy cegouen anu ouur- Ifffla nfwv vlrrf . a . ' imng V . iahed into life and action, will someday attain such proportions as to astonish its fathers and give them good reason to tremble before its face. They have made a national affair of persecut ing American ci tizens for religion's sake; are we going back to the dark days of Ancient Borne? ; : . We will try and hope not Indeed. What they have done brings to my mind a Jittle circumstance I know. A strange cat had got under the house, the children were earnest in their endeavors to get.him out, but at last all their' plans failing, a dear little boy exclaimed in his zeal, SSObt it we only-- ad we would blow the house down, then we would get him -- -- & " . r our Now these law makers in their zeal to get the Mormons out, forgot or ignored the fate of their own house, and having V Cannon there they if they didn't blow their house down, they seriously fractured the foundation, so that the wise men can see tbatlts ultlmafe .fall is to be feared; for now thet rick is made and any other party who happen to be In power can make other tricksto accomplish their own pro. Mowed away and It Is a shame and sorrow to the whole nation If they only understood it, that any Senator should stand up in tho halls of Congress where truth once prevailed, and speak such cruel false-- . hoods as the Hon. Mr. Hazleton did, and bring up for testimony against us the lies of tho e three miserable' udges whose business here seemed to be to try to drive our people to do some violent act so as to get an excuse to Bend an army to destroy us, and failing in this they went back ' andjbowled like disappointed wolves. No wonder the Holy Bock disappeared when such things were countenanced Intbe halls of Congres,where truth and wisdom Bhould be found. Its doctrines are denied And opposed there, and its staunchest advocates and believers reviled and handed over to persecution, of course H was only a mockery for it to be there any longer. I take It as about-s- uch an omen as when before the siege cf . Jerusalem the great gate of the Temple opened apparently of Itself, and a voice aid,uLet us I can say that this unjust and ciuel law will avthsefTect to rouse the ttaints to live their religion, and call on the Lord more diligently than they have for eomo time; I fear that we, some of us at least, were getting rat her negligent, but I for one feel quite roused. Shall my breth- ren and sisters whom I know, to be as good, moral ly and every other way, as any ... men - cr women that are living on the earth, i c beliej and persecuted for obeying the comandments of the God,of the ancient rirophets and Pstriarchp, and I bo at rest in Zion, and feel indifferent because my husband ha never married any other wife besides me? No God forbid I Sisters lel'us call on the Lord by night and by day, to protect and preserve our brethren r and sisters, and that He may give ut 'strength equal to cur day, that we may pasf true and honorably through all trials our Heavenly Father sees fit for us to pass throughGod will.truly hear us. If we strive with our migh t to live faithful. " 1 would advise every, woman In this Churchy who is desirous for tho spread of the t ruth, to ca3 an iuu jiapcia iu wiij-jipnmeu i reaiuenv discourse at the cTog'lng of the last Gen-erTaylor's Conference, let not one copy be wasted, but Vend them to your relations and friends, who Jh other, plaCfs. or even to strangerp, they jive ay jdolniu lets, or email light bocks which have in them accusations of cur enemies , and - our able and i al truthful dofenses, aisc-th-Ee that teath the prin- - Lat us be as much on the alert to vindicate ourselves as certain officious, but mistaken ladies, ignorant of the truth,have been to malign us; they have exerted themselves to the utmost to have women- - as virtuous as themselves, ag true wives, and as fond mothers, discarded by their husbandp, deprived of their homes, re. garded. as outcasts, and tholr little children whom the Father loves as much a? He does their own, cast forth as illegitimate without a father's care. Would these kind ladles care if the.poor , things died of. starvation and hunger, as many chilJren do who areborn out in the great-civi- lized world ? How can they be so cruelly virtu-- . e o4readfully exercised rnverMormon' w D3?n,when theyjwell know that everydaughter -born to them has to run the risk of leing contaminated on account of the condition of the world. There Is many a Io8t abandoned woman in the land, who came fiom as hono;?? as virtuous, as respectable a family as y- y of these. - yTu - m i. ' j ueparieu miSf lire . m ... ai - uiayer rv irt urass vHuey, uouniy, ai i o ciocKp. m., on me - 2nd day of May. 1892. A heaw cold, termfnat. iie x-ii- ing with severe pains in the breast and bowels was tbe cause of his sudden demise,.- For many i years he had been a great sufferer from frequent attacks of sickness, but for the last year of hi . Jifejbe enjoyed better; health than perhaps dar" -ing any former year. Deceaied was the. eldest son: of John P. and. Rhoda Yi Greene, and a nephew of the late Brigham Young. He was born December 2?nd,1814, ln Cayoga County, New York; and ..';'. Pra-slde- nt --4J- - Wl mi lh. and has ever bee n an able teacher, both In words and deeds; of the true reliprlon pf Jesus Christ,- - i? From erFpTiet-Jose- Jna was ordained a Patriarch in 1873, in which hft Tn!nltorH xrllh nnmer nnr nfRM. iVim V. trt rfrtln n ri nnntnlatlAn nt manv In callinc h The mqnogamo&itt of Pagan Rome, and nursed by Christian Rome. It has deprived thousands of Columbia's fair daughters of ; home and marriage, thousands who sleep in untimely graves are the victims cf a system that countenances in man the right to destroy woman, and cast orTlier offspring, his own flesh and blood. In many instances this has led to the crimes of which we read in the "daily papers, that transpire so frequently in the large cities in the world. These things are too dreadful to contemplatetheee are the crying ;.tvUti3?lhfi nineteenthentury not plurality of wlvesJr.hese are the evils which need a powerful eradicator. I have been told by a woman who worked three years as a nurse at the Hospital on Ward's Island,N. Y., that a person would be suprised to see how many poor fatherless and almost moth erleKS babes are born in a day a t the Jyimj-i- n ward; and that they nearly all die. Strange isn't it? But I suppose they can't help it, the ere- abes JL meanLfihe-said-the- ir to be seen almost any day, ranged on the beach waiting for the tide to take them away till the sea shall give up its dead. This was over twenty : years ago;thervhbirve near that place can have the opportunity of knowing whether It is so now, but I suppose it is worse, because there are more people than there were then. If we" had aU these things it is probable, we should not be accused of flying in the face of all civilized comun i ties of any s!ze,and many civilized individuals have skeletons more or less like this in their cloeets. If you don't be lieve it,take the testimony of Mr Talraage; he,I believe, is as much against us as any ne, so of - course they will be willing to believe him." One thing more, "all honor to the Just and noble - minded Senators who boldly and bravely took in" favor of our sacred and glorious heir, stand Constitution,- and would not sanction the beginning of its destruction, "TheConstitution cf our country while It is honored and obeyed, is indeed the safesuard of American liberty, regard lesr. of creed or color, and theEo honorable gentlemen will live long enough to be glad they took the 8tand they diJ, .when they would not allow themselves to be beaten Into wrong by popular clamor.' We thank our Heavenly Father there: are some such men left yet. ' Httle-coffins-- w civil-ization,f- or . 1 - , friendT)f-t- h , Jemima E. Stookey. Clover Crttk, Utah, May 10th, 1SS2. CALLED HOME. DEATH OF ELDER EVAN' mV GREECE. Elder Evan M. Greene, r hlle jourijejingrom Bait Laka City to E?cakntef Gar Cel i County, PP sons and nine daughters, and of these, eix sons and six daughters, with many 'grand-childre- n anu greai-grandchlldre- leaves arts living, to n, wnomhe the priceless legacy of a moat exemplary tnndsca rannfallnn . uiuiuBf xuvhu m. ureene, was wen huuwuj fiaintf. whose burdens among the.Xatfer-da- v and labors, privations and trlal, he has valiantly shared, almost from the beginning, and among 1I 1 I was univereany whorn lie reppecieu anu. De- C&reer ftnil 21 mm k. 1 . . m 1 1 loved. OBITUARY. Died, in the Twelfth Ward of this Cily,at the residence of her daughter, Mrs. - Mary -- Ann Davison, May 3rd, 1832, Iloxey Aba gall beloved wife of John McRae, and daughter ofJo?erh and Amanda f. rierce. IVlrs. Mc Rae was borne in Nauvoo, 111., 1840. She was a kind and affectionate daughter, a faithful wife and mother, and a general favorite with her frlends and aesoclates. Her parents, brothers, sisters and friendo, as well as her husband and children, feel deeply her loss, but they mourn not as those without hope4; for she was a true Latter-da- y Balnt, and died Jn full faith of the McRae was First Counselorto the Mrs. Gospel. President of tho Relief Society at Mountain Dell, and faithfully discharged the duties of her position. She was the mother of twelve children, and leaves a husband and ten children to mourn .her losf , two having gone before. May the Holy Spirit comfort the sorrowing relatives and friends of our departed sister, and her example be followed by her children, that they may meet her again where there is no more parting forever.? Com. ; "; Mc-Ra- e, "'" " - With Isving remembrance wo record tho do- mise, on oaiuruay, prw,;ia, xao, mv tuo residence of her parents in the Tenth WarJ,In this city, Edn?, daughter of Bishop Adam and Charlotte Spiers, aged G years and 10 days. Summoned by the angel of death away from the Jovlng arms bf her alTectionftto parent?, brothers and slsttn; she was beloved by all whp knew her, and a bright intelligent little, girl. In the Primarv Association she was alwava nunctual at her met tings. Truly, of 4such is the kingdom of heaven. That knew and lored bet In tfio days gone bj, '.: too strong for eyeri death to' sever: That will lire on throngh cndlces years foferer. JKNNifi McLean. "With Iov 