WO MA N ' 8 THE-APFROA- OF-WINJ- CH ution, Jreedomfrom-pbysic- al including those of sight and ?cerionftb Beneath the weed a ihleld them from the weather. To " Thd Urda of sprtDg Hare taken wing, ' And flown with heaven's guidance; ' Each coming dove,: Emblem of love, ... j.. Has left with sweet reliance. wond'roua crystals falii ng, Covers the ground For miles around, A sheet about us drawing. The rich man's slave, And peasant's grave, Lie 'neath Its modest mantle: Its loving car We all will share, 7 And learn from its example. I Blossoms of spring In autumn . bring Food for us through cold weather. Each season throws : Sweets as it goes, " Each one and all together. Think not, nor grieve, When th roses leave; . Winter will bring you sadness; 'Tls nature's sleep, : To rest and keep Her charms for future gladnef sJ T Each season's joy , We can employ To make our pathway brighter, Nearing the end, Their blessines blend To make life's burdens lighter -- diencei - :.- - " : , r ' ' THE BELLEVUE TRAINING SCHOOL FOR NURSES. Under the title of "A New Profession for Women' the Century for November has an excellent article on the "Bellevue Training School for Nurses." As the paper is "too lengthy for our space, and loses much force without the illustrations, we compile a few fact3 of interest to our readers: : 7 Belle of New York needed a jueitsHospital of reform in nursing. This truth, system to the attention of the "Local Visit brought ing Committee of New York State Charities' Aid Association, a committee composed of sixty members, chiefly ladies of high social position and intelligence," resulted in the convic- "that no improvement could be hoped for until a com- - - pleteTeform of the nursing should be effected, and, inspired by the example and success of similar work in England by Florence Nighti- ngale, the founder of the modern system of nursing, they set themselves to this task with . resolution, tact and intelligence." The obstacles werjj many, but the "managers were only thereby the more firmly convinced of the necessity of patient and persistent effort." "The first step was to learn how to organize the school in the best way, and for this end Dr. W. Gill Wylie, of New York, volunteered to go to his n own expense, to study the Europe, at systems. Upon his return, he Drought a .cordial letter from Miss Nightingale, in which ehe set forth the principles upon which the school has been based." of the management "Voluntary subscriptions were called for and 7"ade to the amount of $23,000, and a house was rented near the hospital, in which the DUTIES OF SAINTS. ; - churches in various lands, and striving to perfect the Saints in the principles of Truth,' in the face of fearful persecution; and opposition, and their labors were crreat - and their efforts noHe to the Gospel of their Master. prepen.earth But its doctrines and ordinances were and changed perverted by men, until the true of salvation was loston earth, and confix plan doubt and sion, uncertainty have reigned for hundred ttv many years. Now again the Father and the Son have spoken, the word has gone forth for the fulfill-- , ment of all prophecy that "has been uttered concerning this world. Not only" is the true Church to be established, but God's Kingdom is to be built up. and sustained, for it is no more to be thrown down, nor taken" from the earth. --:- - 'tlj : ZJplpipiljaijO tion, kindred, tongue taking upon ourselves the name of Jesus Christ we verily and truly enter His service, enlist in His cause, and our-- obligations- - are! binding depend not on the sword; famine, pestilence and destruction are not the results of the warfare of the followers of Christ. The armor to be borne in'His cause i3 Truth, with the host of emissaries of which are Faith, Charity, Inthat " tegrity, Patience, Humility, can only be obtained by pure lives and honest hearts, and .to keep them and be able to use them rightly, requires constant diligence and watchfulness, with mighty prayer for strength the world and wisdom. Jesu3 came to redeem ' from the Fall, to atone for the sins of mankind, and open the way for their return back to the Father, and to establish on earth the principles of the Gospel; yet, according to His own words, ''the foxes have holes, the birds "of the air have nests, but the Son of Man hath not where to lay His head;" so that His kingdom had not then come. After His crucifixion, Hi3 followers carried on the work He . had begun, . establishing - .. -- P reached.. iQevery-4i- a and people, and His 7 children to be gathered from whithersoever they have been scattered.-- - Think of it, Saints ! and ask yourselves if you have any time .to waste in folly and things that amount to The veterans who commenced this great work, of the latter days have labored nobly 1 and faithfully, but they are passing away from earth, one by one, to rest for a season, and the vacancies must be filledthe work must not slack p." nor cease, until it is 'completed, and the '.Kingdom- ready for its King, the Saints gathered, perfected and prepared to meet Him. H. How to Spoil Your Children. Make them as much afraid of you as possible on all ' occasions. ; several Fly into a violent passion with them times' a'day. - .. Whin them- - sou'ndly-- if theybreaksome -- trifle by" accident. If they smash it purposely,' do not pretend you see it. Don't be foolish enough to enter into their childish sports. : When they ask forjuformaljou, telUhenrto: shut up their mouths. , Never take the least notice of their little childish sorrows. Give them to understand that it h pretty to say pert things. Always take - their part against teachers, , ; " , . governesses, etc C Try to forget a3 much as possible that you were ever young yourself. When they amuse theeraselvcs torturing animals, look on and laugh. Always tell them to hit back when annoyed by neighboring children. Tell them all thelies'yoir- like, and half kill tell you one. them y When they tell vou they won't do a thing, laugh at it and let it go. When they fall and hur themselves, scold . Those who enter into the waters of baptism in this day, take upon; themselves covenants and obligations, enter upon duties whose magnitude is appalling when viewed by mortal eyes alone, and from an earthly standpoint. In . , 107 - i ctc-rweapo- for-wg- . by Mrs. W.H. Osborne." "Besides studying from text books and attending a systematic course the pupils: are occupied in' the care of the patients in the hospital." , "The nurses at the Bellevue school may be divided into, two classes: those who study the art of nursing with a view to gaining a livelihood or supporting their families, and tho?e who look forward to a life of usefulness among the poor. sick. All are lodged and - boarded free of charge during th e two years' course." "During the nine r years of its existence. 140 pupils have received diplomas, 78 of whom are now practicing in New York City." Graduates have been called to be superintendents of, many institutions, and the demand -- for trained nurses in private' families is now greater than the supply. There is no computing the good done by these noble Women who devised this scheme, nor the good now being accomplished by the scores of trained nurses and teachers this school has sent out. They are the allies of the physician, and none the, less important. As prepared for, earning their living, they command good wages. - As devoting their lives to the care of the poor, no missionary to foreign lands finds his labor more needed, or blessed of the Master.- - Gleaner, in Woman at Work. : 8TEPHE S. BOXBRlGHT in the management of. the hospital mg consists in dressing .wounds, applying fomentations, bathing and care of. helpless pa-J- n making beds, and managing positions. 1 hen follow the preparation and application of bandages, making rollers and linings of splints. Ine nurse must alio learn how to prepare, cook and serve delicacies for the invalid. Instruction is given in the best practical methods of supplying fresh air, and of warming and ventilating the sick-rooIn order to remain through the two years' course and obtain a diploma, still more is required, viz.: Exemplary deportment, patience, "industry and obe-- i "" of-lecture- s, . tion mi un- - m " r hearing "The 'Nurses' Home," the headquarters of the school, a large and handsome building,was erectedfor the purpose and givenjto the school - . fect?' - Bat as these go, The pure, whita snow, n - nurses ehould lodge and board." "At first, but six - pupils were obtained." The applicants yere required to have: "Good education; strong EK. The wind Wows o'er the heather," - EXPONENT. if-the- them for their awkwardness. Give them expensive trifles to ' play with, and raise Cain if they break one. Dress them in such style that they will be afraid to play for fear of spoiling their clothes. Make religion sueha long-facepoky thing" that they'll hate the name of it as long as they d, live. : - 77' Tell them it i3 a sin to be dishonest, but if they bring you back too much change from the grocer's, keep it, and tell them to say nothing about it. c Threaten to tell their father and get them for every blessed thing they- - do, so that by degrees they will come to the conclu- sion that a, father isojneorrij-liippin4 Jmachine." If you feel a little hand trying to nestle in . yqura, or a little arm trying to twine itself g ' . around your neck, give a growl and snarl out something about wanting to be let alone. ; , ' 