TriE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. XMMELINE B. WELLS, Editor. JPnbiUhed semi monthly, In Halt Lake City, Utah "Tonne: One copy one year, 23. 00; one copy tlx months fl.QO Ten r copies for the price of nine. Advertising ratesi' Each square, ten lines of nonixireU space, one time, :$2.50: per month, $3. 00. A liberal discount to regular adTertlsers. Exponent Office, Lower West Room of the Council Ilouse, Sonth Temple Street. Business hours from 10 a. flu to 5 p. m. every day, except Sunday. A&foma all business communications to Publisher Womam'b Exfotoxt, 8alt Lake aty Utah. SALT LAKE CITY. MARCH 15,1882. SOME THINGS FOR REFLECTION ' The passage, or the Edmmda' bill Is at present the general toplo of conversation. It j weed the House by a vote of 199 against 42 on Tuesda y, March 14 . In what way the United States government proposes to make the laW successfully practical, a person with the most fertile imagination would be at a loss to determine. One cannot help teeing for himself that thepe plural families can never be separated 'from each other without the most dreadful Is the government of (he United States pepared to shoulder the responsibility of fibb: proceedings? "'Are those who voted for the bill aware they are bringing into bondage the fleph and blood of tbelr fellow creatures, bora free and equal with them? It teems impossible! Are the vpry men who, by . the spilling of so precious blood, liberated the negro from slavery, about to place "in durance vile" white men and women, and condemn them to y Mtid shame, simply for the practice of religious principles which they Implicitly believe to be of divine origin? And is this condemnation, this punishment, to be retro active, extending back to those who broke no law when they entered into that order of marriage, since declared unlawful by the Supreme Court of the United 8tates? Can this be done? Can plural marriages be punished as a crime, that were solemnised previous to the law of 1862? Who are to be trie greatest sufferers In this conflict, when adverse legislation is Bought to be enforced here? Women and children principally, as the preportion of these will be much greater than that of men? Is it possible that the wise men of this nation are so lost to the consideration due men, women and children, that they could see an innocent, inoffensive people thus oppressed, thus cruelly wronged, their lives embittered, their hopts of happiness shattered, their happy homes desolated, their peaceful Ter. rltory, now so Inviting and prosperous, made the scene of plunging it, by one stroke of political power unwisely wielded, into social and financial ruin. Such a momentous question has never at any time in the history of the nation been brought before the American Congress, and oi e cannot is it possible thus to deprive help askings-ho- w American citizens of the birthright f freedom, and disfranchise those whoe forefathers valiantly fought for the liberty cf the Republic, rendering their condition more deplorable than that of the poorest psasan t In foreign lands? Thousands of this people are as proud of their American blood as any of the men who sit In the Congress of the United States. Bto.the honor of that august body, the Forty. Seventh Congress, it should be recorded there , we fe "some brave, fearless men to whodared speak the troth in behalf of Jus. even for the "Mormons," Their name tice, anti-polyga- my -- con-jsequenc- mh igno-xoln- : dire-confusio- c high-minded- will be held in honorable remembrance while time endures, by all people who are not grossly blinded with prejudice. It yet remains for the President of the. United States to set his seal upon the Edmunds' bill and after that its practical enforcement through the five commissioners. The effect of these changes upon the industrial affairs of the people will be most disastrous. But there are forces at work for the Saints not visible to any human eye. This people are in the hands of that God whom they have sought to serve, and He will In Hisown way.'and time, work out their deliverance from evil of whatever name or nature. es. VISIT TO TOOELE. By invitation of the Sisters at Tooele, we attended their Conference in company with Sister E. 8. Taylor, leaving this city on Saturday morning, the 11th Inst. We arrived at Tooele in time to hear the first hymn sung t theopdv ing of the Conference. The morning was mostly occupied by the reading c? reports, although the President, Mrs. Hunter, and the sisters from Salt Lake made a few remarks. The Conference of the Primary Associations was held in the afternoon, a good attendance of the children of Tooele, who answered readily a chapter of questions from the book entitled "Questions and Answers," by E. R. S. 8. Pres. Gowans, of Tooele Stake, stated that MrsS Rebecca Williams, the former President of We P. A. of Tooele Stake, had sent in her resignation, having moved to another part of the Territory. The resignation was formally accepted, and on motion of Bro. Gowans, Mrs, Sarah Hale, of Grantsville, was appointed and sustained by vote of the Conference o fill the vacancy. Mrs. Jane Bo wen was nominated and sustained as President of P. A., Tooele City, also in place of Mrs. ' Williams, who had resigned. I Evening session: Conference Y; L. M. I. A. Tooele Stake. A very large congregation. Minutes of previous Conference were read; also reports. The remainder of the time was occupied in giving instruction to the young people. Sunday morning we visited the Sabbath School, which was very interesting indeed. The children observed the best of order, and the ex. erclses were very w.;ll rendered. The sisters from 8. L. City talked a little to the children. In the afternoon after the Sacrament was ad m If. late red, pursuunt to adjournment, the Relief Society Conference resumed its session, and Prest. Gowans presented the officers of the Presiding Board of the Relief Society of Tooele Stake. In consequence of the vacancy occasioned by the death of the First Counselor, Mrs, Elizabeth Clegg; Mrs. Emily Warburton was presented for the approval of the Conference ; the motion was unanimously carried. The speakers were Mesdames E. B. Wells, E. S. Taylor and Apostle F. M. Lyman. Conference adjourned for three months. In the evening the Conjoint meeting of Y. L. and Y". Mi M. I. A. convened in the meeting house, a very large assembly. The exercises were well rendered and very interesting. During the meetings the attendance was very large Indeed, Apostle F. M. Lyman, Prest. Gowan, Bishops and many other brethren being present, and giving much encouragement to those laboring in these organizations. EDITORIAL KOTES. The session of the Legislative of Utah closed It session . last week. Assembly Much hard work wis accomplished, by the members, and some very good bills were passed and twenty-fift- h obtained the signature of the Governor. All the bills passed which concerned women specially were' vetoed by th e Governor Council Bill C. F. 26. To estallish and protect the Identity of married women, vetoed, H. F. 69. To protect the maternal rights of married women, vetoed. These two bills were Mrs. E. P. W. Packard's framing and the contents of the bill are as followes. "Be it enacted," Ac. Section 1. Henceforth woman shall retain the same legal existence after marriage as before marriage,and shall receive' the same protection of her rights as a woman, which her husband docg as a man; and for. any unjust usurpation of her natural cr property rights she shall have the same right to appeal in her own name alone, to the courts of law or equity, for redress, that the husband has. Sec. 2. All laws or portions of laws in con. sistent with the forgoing are hereby repealed. Mrs. Packard is from Chicago and has been here some time in the interest of her bill which she is anxious should receive the trength and ap( proval of the Legislature in every State and Ter ritory. Mrs, Packard is a very Intelligent lady, has had a fine education,her voice is pleasing and she is possessed of a rare gift of language. We wish her success in her ndble work for the elevation of woman, and sincerely hope that all Governors will not refuse to sign a bill for the legal emancipation and identity of married women. fc Of The Mormon Battalion, by Daniel Tyler of Beaver is now ready for sale. The book contains 376 pages, is printed in good style on clear paper, large new type, and makes a very handsome volume for the library or home, The subject matter is most intensely interesting. Ihe first chapter Introductory is from the pen of Pres. John Taylor, and is very affecting, relating definitely the scenes and Incidents of the Martyrdom of Joseph and Hyrum, his History own experience when with them in Carthage Jail wounded almost unto death. It cannot fall to impress the reader with admiration for the character of those noble men who suffered so cruelly at the hands of a violent mob. Then follows a lengthj article by Gen. Thomas L. Kane on the Mormons as he found them in 1846f after the expulsion from Nauvoo. The second chapter introduces the subject of the Moimon Battalion and opens with a poem from the pen of Eliza R. Snow. The reader will not be disappointed in this book,itis very ably written and cannot fall to be attractive reading as well as being truthful in ail its details. Brother Tyter has been several years collecting and preparing the matter and has sitared neither means or pains to make It a historical record of the campaign. He deserves the thanks and patronage of he public for his industry and perseverance for he baa labored under great difficulties, and has by indomitable energy at last succeeded in publishing. It is a book this people should put into the hands of tbelr children that they may know I he sufferings, toil, privation and bard-shi- p endured by these brave volunteers and their The book is for sale at the office of the Juvenile Instructor where it was published, families. leather , binding $3.00 gilt $4.25. cloth $2.60 morocco IN MEMORIAM. The death of Mary Ann Ellis Watkins, occur ed under very trying circumstances. She died in St. John's, Arizpna,on thel6tb, of January, 1882, It was her first child. Both mother and infant lived but a very short time after the parent was delivered of 1 er offspring. . child-birlbj- at 