Farrs was too small.'to itainjiifeelmblage---"- strongly opposed carrying it to extremes, as it Elder Billings" house seliooliiuiLse, as -- ? Ihrroanrwas-- ' Elder Kimball addressed On filled to overflowiiiir the crowded,1 but silent : and attentive con-- : gregation, for the space of an hour; in that plain, simple tand affectionate manner-'vvhic- h ' m - duty.Avnich the youth owed to themselves, and the manner in which they might obtain honor and resj.ct7viz: by applying their minds with" determined "perseverance to all the studies com-- . monly deemed necessary to. fit them for active life and polish them for society, and not only also to the study of Scripture, to these-bu- t the book of Mormon, the book of Doctrine and Covenants, and the most theological work of their most talented elders. By pursuing . 'you will be enabled to. for. the hope and the iQV which cive a reason, exists within you, you will always be prepared . to explain the doctrine m - which yotr believe, you will ever be ready to prove and defend their luture lives. : yinxeligionon and will be "-; esteemed by all wise and company who We have borne the heat and men. good burden of the day will soon go the way of all the earth and give place to you my young brethren. You will soon come upon the stage' of action, and be called upon to carry the glad tidings of the new and everlasting coven ant toithe2remotest-parts-- the-earthiz- of CITY. Special Derartmcnts for Genti Clothing aotf . IZZr ; -- -- . . . in-dulgi- ng Ladles and ChiJdren'a Shoes, Dry Domtics, :Grocorfc, Hard-- ware and Stores, 'lzzluzz: : Carpets, . Goods, Shawia and DRIED FRUITS OF ALL CUSSES WASTED; WHOLESALE AXD RETAIL DEALE 113 DRY GOODS, MOTION 8, GROCERIES, AJitIEARDWARE,--GLASS & AGRICULTURAL QUEENSWARE, IMPLEMENTS, Etc. T XX 33 Of Salt Lake City and vicinity will find the LARGEST-aaIiEST SELECTED STOCK of . BOOTSSHOES Also, & d SLIPPERST full and deeirablo lines, best brands J.Xic on's 3Piaa.o Slioos, -Olxi " obala the West. 1ST Tour Ordert an SdlkiUd. . zs-zrzZ2- . 33 J m BEL f & T SALT LAKE T s, ' n-- to the students' own rooms; about 4 o'clock the s is heard in the cheerful rattling of the and announces arrival of the corridors, servant with-- large trayful of cups. These trays are taken round to all the students' rooms where the comand also to the lecture-roombination of tea and "study forms a peculiar feature of the Girton lectures. Four o'clock is an important hour at Girton, and one that is not willingly missed by students. Those who . are absent from their rooms for a short time generally leave a notice on their doors asking i for a cup of tea; and another notice that may frequently bo observed when walking along J the corridors is,."Please"8eelomy fire." Eh- - by busy students who- p i gaged"is alsonot put-uto be disturbed. - The morning are anxious - hours are, of course, the best working hours; from 9 to 1 is the usual working time; 1 being the favorite hour for lunch. Nearly all the lectures at Girton are given in thejiflternbon, .. and the hours between 2 and 6 are generally d ivided between lectures and tennis or walks. 1 But most students have some completely free afternoons, which thay can devote to expedi- tions into Cambridge or long country walks. Lectures in Cambridge are given in the morning, and to these the natural science and history students go. Most mathematical and - classical lectures are given at pirton. Nine o'clock in the evening is the time which public opinion fixes as the right moment" to leave off work. Of-- course this is not always possible, n&uias a rule it is the sociable hour and the time for tea parties. Trays with materials for tea, coffee or cocoa are sent round to the rooms, and as every one has a kettle of her own, tea canbe taken at any time, and this is generally a social meal, which two or three . - friends partakeof " together, enjoying the"" luxury of leisure after work. Once a week a practice is held by members of the choral society, who usuallygive a concert at the end of r. the term, to which friends are invited. There is also a debating society, and an institution -peculiar to Girton, a ladies' fire brigade, "womanned" by the students, in Cambridge This was first (nought of when parlance. some small fire engines were presented to the a . . 4-- EYE, EAR, NOSE AND THROAT, tea-cup- -- - " To be Continued. : ' ; andi proclaim the news of "gospel grace to a lost and ruined world. Strive, therefore, to show yourselves worthy of your calling: be dutiful,be humble, be faithful, be obedient and acquit youri selves like men, and men of God." lie concluded his interesting discourse with a general exhortation to keep all of. the commandments of God, to associate with none but the wise and virtuous, and lastly to keep themselves pure and unspotted lrpm the world. This dis- course, like the preceeding one, was received with delight by all the hearers. "Brother Farr then made a few short but pertinent remarks, when a vote was taken whether the meetings should be continued, which was carried unanimously In the affirm- ' -- zz ati ve. "This room being also too small, the next appointment was made for the meeting to be Smith.- I held at the house "Notwithstanding the inclemency of the weather the house was completely filled at an early hour, and numbers were obliged to depart for want of room. The assembly were, as usual, addressed by Elder Kimball, who; in", a solemn and impressive manner, warned the young people against the evils to which they were exposed, and the temptations to which they were peculiarly subject; not only from their youth and inexperience, but also from their sanguine and excitable temperament. He exhorted them to be guided by the voice of reason and judgment, and . pay strict attention to the advice and command of their parents, who being of maturer years and a longer ex- ' perience, are much better calculated to guide the pathway of youth, than they themselves. He yarned them against giving heed to their passions, which, he said, would lead them into many snares, and difficulties. . He advised them never to be too forward in company, for "a wise head keeps a silent tongue,--" to be condescending to their inferiors, kind and ebneili- nung io tneir equals, and dpfprpnfifll, not t ol nwifrU 4f rt I men, xie waraexrtnenxrn auriurs TT against irequentmg balls and such places,, which, he said, would generally lead to many evil practices, and draw away the mind from more innocent amusements,and from their duty to their parents. He said "he had not now nor ever had, any objections to having youn J people meet together in social parties, or in any rational amusement: but, he - . -Ward.JM 8ontb Street tet.5tfr-aa- d tb Esst Special Attention given to Diseases ol tho ; Trmaylb&of intejestto ourreadersto: something of the life that is led by the students at Girton. The plan is to have all themeals in"tliedmlnghall; breakfast lFsupplied from 8 to 9, lunch from . 12 to 3, and dinner, which is, of course, a general meal, at G. Tea is sent . wilber-weHrerorvein- r ' : : LADY STUDENTS AT CAMBRIDGE. , ' OFFICE IN O0DKE, PITTS & C03 EUILDInq. Office hours from 10 n.tn. to 6 p.m. rvesWcncc Tw?fiK -- . ?an( '.which is so JTtfefeeart' natural'to'the speaker. He first explained the : Hoincl by exhorting them to give heed Jo his advice,; for it was according to holy scriptures, and "to live by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God' The house being still too" small, the next wa3 appointed at the lodge-rooover President Smith's store. At the appointed time tl overflowing, and the great numbers which -- assembled testifiedjto the jncreasingjnterest in which these meetings were held by the youth of the city. Again Elder Kimball addressed them and gave them such advice as would bo : useful to them at the present time and also in ' ; . -- generally-was.!' ' " .cQllegeand-someof-the-studentsrnfterTec- B. FERGUSON, cn Main Street, over Ilardy tiros., Store. Office Special Study has been given to Snreery.Diseasea of Women, and Diseases of the NOSE, THROAT AND LUNGS, Of iromoJIftd Traaka for Sale by JOUS C, CirrtEK, Agent for the PROVO WOOLEN MILLS, Old Constant Ion Ilcildlnff) also nOME MADE Blankets, Flannels, Shawls, LlnseyB,1 Jeans, BrownTarns, White Yams, Colored Yarns, Coseimert, Tweeds, : - Cotton Ilattin?, Wool Hattiiy, , Brooms, Washboards, Crushes, Etc., Etc. F. AUERBACH & BRO. -- IIAVE HEMOVEO TO THEIB STQBEfRBS.124 HEW CALL AND EXAMINE :jer Spring and Summer 3D .A. "V ' ' i 126 - Goods, I DDGTA. Js E S "TINNER, CAS WATER & STEAM FITTER. t3T Agent for RUMSEFS celebrated LIFT and FOHB PUMPS. . Pumpe Repaired on ehort notice, . UrdcrJfrcia the country promptly responded to. Addrm, David Jama, Bat 300 Salt LaU City. W H. DINWOODEY, jTTQf,T4Tg Awn vmu, nyuiR is. eiy ing due and formal instruction, tauirht the - many detail of puinping, passing buckets, carrying in mysterious knots, etc., to the rest. The institution continues to flourish and weekly practices. London Society. to-hol- d "To discriminate against of right." ELLEN Massachusetts. woman is Governor John .. a denial D. Long, , of FUKNITURB, ; SP1II5 EEES. WIEE KITTEESEES FEMES 75, 77, & 79, First South SALT LAKE CITY' fill 0 : 