The Eights of the Women of Zion, and the Eights of the Women of all Nations. Vol. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, APRIL 1, 1882. 10. AN APRIL IDYL. there be who go in thereat'' The choice is before us, ray sisters; which road will we " Since Adam and Etc first wended their way, From beautiful Eden, bo "they Bay," - I say, we who assemble together to worship 'God - ttre determined to walk the narrow' way ; but we cannot do this without a struggle. We must battle with the tempter, and our spirits must wage a warfare with the evils of the flesh, until we have gained the .mastery over all the sins which flesh is heir to, which are many. And we can never feel secure unless we know we are environed round about, and also within, by the Spirit of God; for in that alone is safety. We are apt to become careless, forget ourselves, and say or do something that will grieve the -- Strange things will happen on an April day, All sorts of pranks she is sure to play. Dame nature is busy, stirring about, Bringing glad beauty from dark things out, And cleaning her house from ceiling to floor Spreading new carpets from shore to shore; Iu curious corners and cosy nooks, She plants her statues, places her books;Vast troops of servants; she calls to their work, None can escape her, none dare shirk, Winter's traces sho is fain to repair, Weaving new garments for those left bare; How charming she looks in her tucked-usleeves, leaves. over the Actively turning Replacing tho old ones so brown and sere, With fresh and beautiful, shining clear. And out of the dark brown withering sod, With a touch of her divining rod, She brings forth gay colors, and rich perfumes, Art never dreamed of, with all her looms; And then the has orchestra, placed around, There's scarcely a grove, but they are found. - Holy Spirit from Melodious singing ! both sweet and clear, Room too for all, who will go and hear; Just tho grandest concerts! free as the air, . And no dross circles, pr charges there ! Sumptuous banquets both rich and rare, oft prepare, Her ready There's no time for them to loiter in bed, With hosts of open mouths to be fed ! Nightly fountains playing all over tho world Sunbeams to scatter, banners unfurl, Vast chambers to drape with the glorious Hue! Staunch temperance movemcnt.through and through, There's no end of flocks, swarms, droves and herds, April calls forth with merely a word, Bashful maiden, March let out of school, None dare call her but one day, a fool I Strango pranks she plays on that day I am told, Many are bought, but more have been sold. ' pose. The above Scriptural quotation is as applicable to us in this day as it was to .those 'who lived in the day when it wa3 spoken. It was given as a warning to the ' Saints, that they might realize how liable humanity i3 to fall from grace, and tho necessity of calling upon God in mighty prayer, and fasting if need be," to preserve them in that straight and narrow path which leads to life everlasting, for indeed "straight is the gate and narrow is the way that leadeth tc- the lives, and 'lew there be that fiad it; because wide is the gate and broad is he road that leadeth to destruction, and many - f our- r, But once on a time, while making a raid, 'Twlxt tears and smiles an olTring Bho laid; Unclothed and nameless, mysterious elf, Winning capricious as April herself, Sweet lore cared for tho waif, cherished and blessed, Nourished the gift with tender caress; And brought out its name, from radiant light, Clear aslhe morning star sparklingly bright, Since then in making her annual round, Whether with smiles, or in cold chilly frowns,. Ilere, she Is greeted, and feted tho same, As tho' fool, were ne'er attached to her name. he stand dh let him take heed are left to we . ' "lie that thin ketli lathe fall" then misery. "Angels have fallen ! " Bo this thy monitor, to check tho first faint glow of confidence in human wisdom and in human strength. O my sisters, when we consider these things should we not tremble and draw nearer to God, pleading with all the strength of our beings that He will preserve us by his mighty power, from taking the first false step. But if, perchance, we should; in an unguarded moment, depart from serving Him fully, let us turn from our error, and strive with humility, with once fasting and prayer, to be more in his favor; for He is merciful, and will listen to our first repentant cry. But oh, let us be careful and not trespass too fur upon bis mercy, lest his Spirit ahould become so injured that it will cease to strive with us, when awful indeed would be our state. That fate will never be ours, if we attend faithfully to our prayers and meetings; in them is perfect safety. Satan well knowa this, hence the reason ho so often tempts us to neglect these duties. We can always be sure by what spirit we are prompted, for all that enticetj) to do eood jaof Ootf, sv sap'tftarropnet Alma, in the Book of Mormon. The Good Spirit will ever prompt us to be prayerful, to attend all our meetings, where we can receive strength and encouragement to livelTre lives of Saints, to prepare ourselves to meet the great events which arc near at our doors, and at last be worthy of a crown among (he good and noble of all ages. Mary A. F. Y. L. M. I. A. 11th Ward. " ns WATCH AND PRAY. us; selves, subject to the buffetiags of Satan and he does buffet us severely sometimes. The Lord suffers him to do this, so that we may know how to appreciate His sweet, peaceful Spirit when we are permitted once more to enjoy it. But we must be very humblo and prayerful in order to secure that Spirit, for it is one of the blessings that does not descend, like rain, on the just and unjust. It is only those who have truly repented of all their sins, and are striving diligently to purify themselves from all evil, who are entitled to that peace which can only be enjoyed through a perfect submission of their will to the will of God. We can put no confidence in our own strength or ability to resist evil and temptation, lor without Divine aid we are like a reed in the wind, bending and quivering before every blast or the tempest; are sometimes in great danger of being broken and shattered to pieces. But oh, how strong are we when keeping the commandments of God. In His strength, we can bid defiance to, the armies of Setau, for we then are impervious to every shaft that may be sent by the enemy of righteousness; they will rebound from us, leaving us pure and unscathed, and with greater power tT resist again. But watch-towe. we must be wary and continually on the spying out all the movements of the enemy; for if we lay off our armor and go to sleep, even for a moment, he may and probably will attack U3 in an unexpected quarter, which we, perchance, thought was well fortified; then we will be compelled to rally all our strongest forces, fight and struggle, calling upon God; who might not be so swift to hear as He would were we blameless for help to rout the enemy, when if we had kept a faithful guard round about, all that sorrow and perplexity might have been spared us, and that energy have been reserved for a better, nobler pur- p hand-maide- and become careless pertaining to righteousness, or Satan never could have gained such power over him. Man cannot fall from a state of purity and holiness to a state of corruption and wickedness in an hour, nor njlaytho des- cent must be gradualas was the ascent. Still we know that when once begun the descent is very rapid, and it takes but a short time to span the distance between happiness and choose? BY L. M. HEW LING 3. No. 21. s We should be warned by the example of the many mighty ones who have fallen, after having labored for years in the service of God. There have been many instances in our own day, as well as anciently. Men who have had the heavens opened to them, beheld the heavenly beings and the glory awaiting the righteous, they have listened to the whisperings of the adversary, and have been overcomo by, hi3 power. The mighty prophet, David, a man after God's own heart, who walked blameless before Him for many years, at last yielded to the tempter, and committed twoof the greatest crimes known to humanity, for which he now lie3 in hell, and cannot be delivered until the justice of God is satisfied, even until he has $ paid the uttermost farthing. He must have neglected to call upon hia Father in heaven, " v BISHOP'S BIRTHDAY. . On Thursday evening Marfehthe 9th,a social pic-ni- c party convened in tho Social Hall under the auspices of the Relief Society of this place, Sage Jones President, Vto commerate the fiftieth birthday of our Bishop, Christopher Arthur. At about b o'clock prayer was , J. offered by our Patriarch Henry Lunt, and a sumptuous repast was partaken off; after which the time was pleasantly spent in dancing interspersed with sentimental songs. PresidenfE,lW; Lunt in behalf of the members of the Relief Society with a few appropriate remarks, presented the Bishop with a beautiful Album, also read a poem composed for thcoccasion by Elder, C. Cox., The Bishop of his responded by a short speech expressive togratitude for the good feeling manifested H. p ward him, after which our Luni, also made some very interesting remarks. Dancing was resumed till eleven o'clock. Ever praying for the success and prosperity V of the Exponent. W. Lunt. Ellen Cedar City, Iron Co. Utah. Ex-Bisho- ' Special Committee of the Legislatures in several of she States have given opportunities to the friends of Woman Suffrage, to speak to behalf of that subject. . 