pn 1 . 1 - H "j Tho KigMs of the Women of ; Zion, and the Eights of tho Women of all Nations. a Vol. No. a. SALT, LAKE CITY, UTAH, AUGUST 1,1882. 11. DREAMING AND WAKING. REPRESENTATIVE WOMAN. felt perfectly happy and contented the next day; the house was so full of the holy influence that this messenger left behind him." MA pY ISABELLA HORNE. From this time Mrs. Home became more than willing to enter into this holy order, of Continued, marriage by giving her husband other wives. In due time this relation was entered into s by As soon as possible after arriving in a new mutual consent 01 all parties concerned-Mr- sj all the dif"Iraeims jBnCteselji5l)Iy-i;a first de3ajtecounti3i Mrs. we who and came here, Mr. ferent phases of plural domestic relations and Home, have ever been energetic and industrious, conditions and y mil, testify that the exmade themselves a nice little home in the 14th perience gained inf. this.- higher school of life, is most refining ward of this city, and from that time until the the necessity of and elevating in There are" no present have retained the homestead, adding house and improving it, and the grounds, to the face of the earth than nobler women as circumstances permitted. There their chilthose who - live order of marriage, dren have grown up to manhood and to which is condemned by thcoutside world. wcmiahhooo born - to On "the 1 3th of " August another daughter them under the same roof. From that home, was born to Mrs. Home, which she named sacred to love and du ty, S0113 and daughters J ulia Maria. At this time there were more comforts to be obtained for the sick and the have married and'gone out to homes of their circumstances of. the. Saints were greatlyim- own, and to fill honorable: places and positions in the Church; full of faith and jintegrltyfb" proved, but there is one trial after another for the Gospel whose principles they have been those who are working out meir salvation, and when Mrs. Home's babe was onl v two weeks taught in" early life, and in the spirit of which been reared. nurtured and old her husband was called. on a mission to the Henry, they have -- called have-bee- n -and Richard Missouri River to assist in the emigrating of a Joseph "Upon"" missions to preach tho Gospel, and have faithSaints. The. wife and, company of Latter-da-Tho mother, with a 'little family of six child ren, "fullyerfej,m(JJ;he work, girls are char was left entirely alone. Yet notwithstanding of acteristic for ; character, energy her household cares aud a young babe, Mrs. industry and. perseverance; Mrs. Home's chilHorne spent considerable time among the sick dren have all received a good common educantinin-ments. tion and some have excelled- in mental ivirs. Homo is proverbially a true always devoted much time and ability to the children her not has she of others, giving counsel, attending interests mother; only taught admirable traits of character, but she has exupon the sick, comforting the mourner, and "in 1 and and those offices of friendship and sisterly Joye: all cellent family government discipline, that are 0".bcautiful in w?oman. Mr. Horne her children have formed, regular habits . that returned with the company after a few months' will be of more value than gold or silver with' Mrs. has been not Home without them. out absence, finding his aflairs in as good condition as though a man had superintended every detrials in her married life, although she has those tail of his business. great changes that perhaps had nono of Mrs. Horne had another, a second, pair of cut deeper into a jwoman's life than a twins born on the 9th of November, 1853; she sword. Whatever ordeals she has named such the been them John Parley and Mary Isabella. as. Gospel passed through have The little girl died with whooping cough at the brought, or those which. - all share in sickness and death. Plural marriage was to 'her a age of four months. On the 9th of Decem for elevation the were born, of the, ber, 1855, the third pair Gospel given principle both girls. JLhey were called Pamela Liiza and exal tation of the human family. Her and Cornelia Harriet. last two made four belief in divine revelation, her great reverence little ones born within two vears and one ... for every principle taught by the Propnet JoThe mother lay hovering between month. seph, has helped her to receive truth, however life her own with contact much it came in andjdeath for several hours after the birth personal . of these twin daughters and although she ralfeelings and', traditions. In .speaking of her lied and slowly recovered, it was a loner 'time first knowledge of the order of celestial marbefore she was able to attend to her household" riage, she says she has had strong testimony duties. ' for herself that it'is of the Lord. The followshe Aiter had .... partially recovered, during ing is from her pen:' if- tcna-m- tf lincKnTTrl's Antxr ftklf liof her" valescen in the con time of her ce, :i'T thoughts v much were and mind would of her knew it I this heavenly things, prove principle, yet obey to in God out condrawn for the to tue a great trial to me. 1 prayea gratitude presershe as desirous her of vation wai to rearof me wonld life, He that strength give tinually in the fear of the Lord. While ing her family bearlljthinsjyvjblch the husband while goodness of God upon one pondering upon my zbnng upon me Gne night, -- was occasion, she was impressed to write her feelaway on an exploring expedition to1 the southern part of Utah, in the winter of 851, ings, and gave vent in a sweet and tender little while! was on my knee3 prayiDg to the Lord, poem upon the birth of her twins, which might be appropriately, entitled, "A Mother's Wela heavenly messenger suddenly appeared atmy white come," Mr3. Home is inclined to the poetical, bedside. He was clothed in a beautiful especially in a spiritual sense. I She has the robe, with a girdle around his waist. I can Ifelt gift of tongues, and often under the inspiration never forget the heavenly influence of the Holy Spirit breaks "forth in singing, in around me while he spoke to me on tho subject lofty strains - of praise and ' even . prophecy, of celestial marriage. He told me that I had which, when interpreted, breathe the true spirit - to pass through severe trials and afflictions, but,' for of poesy. Her themes in song are always exsaid this holy being, 'bear it all patiently; alted ones, and partake of the sublime. it will exalt you, and you will shine brightly r To be Continued, He then left me, I in the kingdom of God A -- Little maiden why that pouting?' , Why that teardrop? Why that sigh? Why that struggling? Why that doubtingr Why tho flashing of thine eye? ; Why sad thoughts and Idle fearing, To beset thy youthful heart? How amidst a world eo cheering, Canybnlrvc ' ; -- n ? frotrrfcy-apart- to-da- Now swoct maiden if thon'rt listening, Twill give to thee a key, self-sacrific-e, That will ope the ga,tesall glistening Of a bright futurity. its-natur- Seek thou first, through Father's blessing, His puro spirit to control . Every Impulso cf thy being-- All the feelings xf thy son- l- ' r : lu every word and act, and feeling Seek for guidance from above, For lie loves In light revealing To bestow on us Ills love. in-tr- $i3 - y Cavil not at others faiUngsr Close thine eyes to others faults; For we know not half the waillnga llidden 'neath life's sacred vaults. self-relianc- e, . ; Mortals see but prldo and vauntlrur. . Wrongfully our motives mould; None but God can know the promptings Of tho human, wavering soul, lie not prone to idle dreaming, - . Building castles intho air, Though the walls withttars are gleaming, You can never climb the stair. . - , two-edge- -- If you heed not kindly warning, 'i!":you will taste the bitter woo. Of awakening eomo bright morning, With your castle fallen low. d- ; of-twin- . s --- The Seek thou then the boon of working, Labor bringeth more than gold; In thy duties never shirking, You will find a joy untold. oihe - Let e'en thought as. well as acting Be for good and usefulness; Of thyself bo most exacting, ; 'Twill ensure most happiness. For the error In thy buildiDg, ' No bright painting can atone; It is all a brilliant gilding, V But without foundation stone. e.- . :: : Seek with kind and gentle bearing Deeds of comfort to bestow; Others' griefs and sorrows sharing Others joys to mako and know; - - ; . Be thou faithful, j nst, unswerving, In the path of , truth and right;3od our Father ever serving,' With a sterling wllLahd might. - rd TteiryoifineeTa joy abounding, That no mortal pen may tell, . All through Ufa tho words resounding Father trusting all Is well! 7 Gentle maiden, thoughtful standing," With tho great unknown before, ' New ideas of life expanding Flooding thought and being o'er. - 'Take these words of loving greeting," And the blessings Intertwined, " They are lasting never fleeting, Kecpthsia e'er In heart and mind. Ike aty;Uy JStb, 1331. , . E.R.S. y ' 1 