WOMAN'S EXPONENT, 182 cen to ry,but refined mgar has only been in use about 800 years. Thus we see that many, now very common edibles have not been known till a comparatively iru an Invention of the 15th recent date, and other industries and arts have Improved accordingly, and though almost every thing existed primitively in some state, It h-- s taken man's ingenuity and labor to bring things to their present perfection and uses. Ann Fellows. R. S., Y. L. M. I. A. AND PRIMARY REPORTS. Soutii Bountiful, Before the Stake organization the East, West, and South Bountiful sisters met in one Relief Society. Jan 26th, 1878, our Society was organized in a Ward,by our Bishop. Mrs. Phebe Atkinson President; Elizabeth Brown. Jane Hatch, Counselors; Rebecca W. Brown Secretary; Harriet Ellis, Treasurer. With a quorum of twelve teachers,who strive to faithfully perform their duty. Our Society when first organized consisted of fifty-si- x members, of whom nine have removed and three died. Jan. 1880, our board of teachers was organized, Mrs. Rebecca Moss, Presiding Teacher; Hannah Arnold, Sec'yJ Our financial report is as follows, from bur organization until E. A. : Receipts, mh $152.50; property 97,9$ disbursed, meeting house in cash, $53.00; in property $74.35; temple, in cash, 21.00; poor in cash 78.50; in property 16,33. On hand 7,25 Rebecca W. Brown, Sec'y. BEAVER CITY. The Conference of the Relief Society ot jocaver oiase was neia on lnursaay, March, 2, 1882. .Sister Lucinda Howd presicUng. After the opening exercises, Sister Howd gave some instructions in regard to the Conference. Minutes of the last Conference were read and approved. Verbal reports of the different wards were given by Presidents Cox, Richards and Jones; lmw all showing " O fhflt. swtvig OIO CUCTKOUMJ duties their and are untiring in their performing labors for the advancement of, the work in their 111 instructions were Counselors by given McDonough and Skinner, after which Prest John Ashworth addressed the sisters in a lengthy discourse. He was very emphatic in his instructions. in regard to caring for &e poor. Said, let no one suffer for the necessities of life, no matter what their religious belief, but look well to their wants- - let none go fiungry or destitute. In the afternoon, the .financial and statistical ''?P.ort3ero ,read? showing a prosperous condition financially, and a good average attendance at - mcetin cs. . Remarks ' Blackburn, M. E. Ashworth, and Jane is?? Oilhs. All spoke earnestly and touched on ' many interesting subjects. Sister Howd then some instructions in regard to our duties gavo as mothers. . Bro. Wm. Robinson,- after other of thfsSters are worth everything or nothing, and ought to be considered of dne importance, eaid when we have hate 5 nour bosoms, we hive that much evil Whencs tho necessity of the Saints ?acn rother.v His remarks. whih interestmg, were continued to some length. Bro. yre, of Minersville, said to suppress evil, and establish peacT is and - Piohs 0flwsn- KJ the , FARwokin, Secretary. PANACCA, NEVADA. Minutes of a meeting held in Panacea Ward; March 15th, 1882, far the purpose of organiz ing a Primary Association. Bishop Syphus presiding. Singing, "We thank thee O God for a Prophet," etc. Prayer by the Bishop. Singing, "Let Zion in her beauty rise," etc. Bishop Syphus spoke very encouragingly to the children; told them to ask their big brothers and sisters to give us five or ten cents each to buy books; said he would do all ho could to help us, and for us to pray to the Lord to give us strength to do our part. His desire was that we may learn to keep the commandments of tho Lord and prayed thatHe would bless us all. Sisters Langford and Lee addressed the meeting. The following persons were sustained as officers: Mrs. Melissa K. Lee, President; Mrs. Annie Mathews, First Counselor; Mrs. Mary Gentry, Second Counselor; Fanny Moffitt, Secretary; Susan Langford, assistant Secretary; Alice Findlay, Treasurer; number en-rolled, thirty nine. Sisters Anna Maihcws"and Fanny Moffitt adressed the meeting. Singing, "Lord dismiss us," etc. Benediction by Bishop SyphusT Fanny R. Moffitt, Secretary. m PLURAL MARRIAGE. ('. Oct. 1881. : righteousness on the earth. He, as well a3 other brethren, spoke well and spiritedly Is polygamy essential, ahd would it do violence to the conscience of the Mormon people to drop this tenet of their faith? The above question was asked by a much, and justly, esteemed gentleman in Missouri. The following reply was not originally intended for publication, but I have decided to liavc it printed, thinking there might be other honorable and highminded gentlemen, who entertain an honest prejudice against a principle they do not understand; if such there be, I ask them to read a woman's imperfect vindication of the purity of women whose claim to y respec-tibilit- the American Congress are to legislate out of existence, toendeavoring read, not that they may believe, but that they may do justice to the honest belief of others. All men of deepest scientific research agree upon one fact: That in nature's laboratory there is absolutely no waste, all existing elements are therein utilized, and with Him who governs the forces ot nature, economy is a fixed law. Would it not be wise in man, finding himself endowed with reason, and allowed the free use of his agency and further assured that he will be held responsiblebeing for his own mistakes, to take a lesson from nature and economize the brief period allotted him to live by endeavoring to make himself innocently happy, and also by taking that course which reason assures him will secure his happiness in the life beyond? Wo are told that the Scriptures were given us for our and profit In them wo find recorded alearning promise made by God to Abraham that in him and his seed should all tho nations of the earth be and those among them who should blessed, keep his commandments He promised an inheritance. An inheritance couldeverlasting not be everlasting m our finite tate, as death would break the contract; therefore it is evident that the ITT? .detail of tho events which we, as . . belie ;n i ueioreit P"wxj bafulfilled would take too much timeand will space ' but I will mention . nuiiuicui uues,as the moUves which inspire our course nW: of action We believe Israel will rule this earth d1coniieCt?drWUh that ' - lout the endless u acres of " etemitv Q that all who become heirs in salvationJgTm become identified with it; all that is neeessary : cj A in order to do so is to obey the commandments of-- God as they are made known unto us. Jesus said unto the Jews, "If ye were Abraham's children ye would do the works of Abraham," and further, that God was able to raise up children to Abraham out of the stones of Jerusalem. ... All that remained of the children of Israel after the dispersion of the ten tribes were, after the death of. Jesus and the Apostles, scattered amon the nations and their identity as distinct tribes, with the ex ception of the Jews, was lost, but as the tribes had intermarried a portion of the blood of all the tribes was represented. Millions of their descendants died jdthout.Jei.Mwledge..thattheir veins were warmed by the royal blood of Israel. But the time is at hand when both the living and the dead will receive a knowledge of who they are, and of the promises concerning them. All Israel will be found, but neither all of the living, nor all of the dead, will be found worthy of salvation. God is just, not a son or daughter of Abraham will receive a blessing they do not merit, not a son or daughter of Adam will be rejected who obeys the law of God. The faithful Gentiles will become heirs by adoption, and made equal by the sealing power of the Priesthood But before the house of Israel can be organized into a complete and perfect family, according to the design of the Almighty, there is an enormous work that must be ' performed. The Gospel of the kingdom must be preached to every nation, kindred, tongue and people, and for this cause do we send missionaries to the uttermost parts of the earth that all may receive the glorious invitation,, "And the spirit and the bride say, come. And let him that heareth say, come. And let him that is athirst come. And whosoever will, let him take of the water of life freely." But the dead can-- ; not act for themselves as the spirit is not perfect without the body, therefore we must attend to the necessary ordinances for them, as they cannot be made perfect without us nor we without them. For this cause do we pay tithing and build temples, that we may have a suitable place wherein these ordinances can be attended to. It is an immense work, as nothing has been done for the dead for eighteen centuries. It is the mission of Elijah the Prophet to assist in restoring the missing links which connect the children of Israel with the fathers, and for this cause was he translated, that having a body and also the power of translation, he could visit both the the living and the dead, and thereby render great service when the time for his mission to be fulfilled arrived. The dead will hear the Gospel where they are, we will officiate for them here, they will then have the privilege of accepting or rejecting what has been done for them. Now what has polygamy to do with all this? I answer, much every way. In the first place, . . we believe that when our ancestors hear the Gospel they will be anxious to have their descendants officiatefor them, and also regard it as a eacred duty to do so, but aa many families are represented by one, the labor is too great, and for this cause do many enter into polygamy that they may rear up sons and daughters to assist in the work for the dead. - But not .for this cause alone; many are actuated by affection, but they also accept it as a direct revelation from GodTgiven in order that every man may have the privilege of raising h family who desires to do so. Our marriage ceremonies take no cognizance of deafli; bur contracts of marriage are entered into for time and' all -eternity (with the exception of widows, who sometimes marryhut always with the mutual understanding! that they are to be given back to their own Misbands in eternity). Now what - 