... WOMAN'S EXPONENT. - 124 . , r . zrzn l THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. emuelixe II. WELLS, Editor. In Salt Lake City, Utah Published Terms- One copy one year, 2. 00; one copy six months $1.00 Ten copies for the price of nine. Advertising semi-monthl- y, - rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, $2.50: per month, $3. 00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. Exponent Office, Lower West Room of the Council House, South Temple Street. Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. every day except Sunday. Address all business communications to Publisher Woman's Expohttnt, Salt Lake City Utah. ' SALT LAKE CITY. - JANUARY there is any woman who does not vote thus lion -is no estly, she sius .gainst herself, for there reason whatever why she should not vote according toiler convictions of right) if she is possessed of ordinary intelligence. Surely there are honorable men in Congress who t'avor woumi suffrage, who will not silently consent to v. being take i from Utah after twelve years' exercise of the Laliot here. The brave women who have helped to settle these waste places, in the heart of the Great American Desert are worthy of some political consideration. If the Alabama Senator persists in pushing matters to the extren e against "Mormon" women on the question of misuse of the be ? plan to adopt the ballot, U mt.-hmethod of the old lady in Vermont, and send him a box of butternut candy. We are inclined to think the National Woman Suffrage Association will make some suggestions to President Arthur about postmistresses that will not be nearly as "delicious,?as the butternut candy was on Thanksgiving day. 1 t 15, 1882. E V E 11 Y BODY'S TALKING OF UTAH. At present the small portion of territory known as Utah, and occupied mostly by "Mormons," is the place to which all eyes ar turned; and alj sorts of schemes are being concocted to destroy and break down the jowerof the people, who were the first settlers of three then barren valleys. Various bills are being introduced into Congress by worldly wise and learned men, calculated to enforce severe measures, and, in fact, to oppress this now free and independent people. The prosperity of Utah, the industry and thrift of her inhabitants, are no consideration in the minds of those who are working to destroy the .Institutions which this people have exerted their best efforts in laboring to establish. They cannot see that it is the very existence and efficacy of the peculiar regulations of which they complain, that has helped to produce the prosperity and general happy conditions that are remarked upon by ah unprejudiced men and women who deal in tacts. go earnest and indefatigable are the leaders of one of the largest religious todies in the country, that they have presented a memorial of the general assembly of their church to President Arthur, which he has transmitted to the House among other important documents. The memorial has been referred. So much is being attempted, and so many suggestions are being made to the Executive power of the nation, that one would naturally think that" Mormonism" would be blotted out. But there are those out. aide the Church of LatU-r-daSa'uts that are enough to realize that nothing of this will kind hinder the ork, and who believe there Is a power in thh kins iom that will manifest itself in the growth of a Western empire. Senator Morgan has acknowledged in his speech in the Senile "that there is xnt such a missionary establishment in the world belonging to any church whatever." At the present ti ue, those who are clamoring for special legislation seem anxious that women should be dealt with. They begin to fear the political potency of woman a a citizen. They would wret the ballot from the women of Utah for the same reason that prompted them to suggest the measure. The Senator from Ala bama Is very greatly interested in suffrage certainly. He does not forget to state in one portion of his sp?ech that "the power of the ballot is attended' with the responsibility of this character' that "it aids much to the dignity and valu of an A me loan citizen in all the dlderent departments," etc. However, we are very glad hi, dH not have power to hinder theappointing of a special committee on Woman Suffrage, and hope his influence may be as 'Weak on the "Mormon" question, for he proposes to take from the women of Utah the elective franchise, which, they esteem as a gift from God Mormon women think it as much a duty to vote coiifdenUously m to pray conscienUouaJy. If far-seei- i s ng repre-Hen,tativ- e UTAH LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. The members of the Legislature of Utah elected for the present session convened in the Legislative Hall in this city on Monday, Jan. 9, at 2 p. m The Council and House both organized permanently, and Acting Governor Thomas administered the oath ot membership to the Legislators. After which a message from the Council requested a joint session to receive the Governor's Message. The joint session was ordered. Secretary Thomas, as Acting Governor, then proceeded with the message and some other written documents. We have neither the space to give to the Governor's message nor the comments which might with propriety be made upon it, but would advise every woman interested fn the general welfare of the Territory to read it carefully for herself. Jan 10. After some preliminary business had been disposed of, the report of the committees to draft rules for the1 government of the House was rendered; rules read, and after a little discussion report was accepted, and it was ordered that the rules be printed. Jan. 11. The day was occupied by the Legislature mostly in the appointing of committees for such adjudication: as is necessary in the transaction of special business. The Legislature seems already to b in working order, and from present indications a great deal of good will bo accomplishe in a short ) time. The Hdies should manifest their in teres fin the public good being done by these honorable the Assembly as circumgentlemen by stances may permit. Although the freedom of the Home or Council has not been x tended to ladie,yet as the women of Utah are entitled to vote, they ought to be sufficiently interested In the public welfare to avail themselves of any legitimate opportunity of seeing how business of this kind is transacted; in fact, how the laws are made by which themselves and their children are to be governed. The Indifference manifested by some intelligent persons, both men and wovi-iti- ng men, to matter, of vital importance is to be deplored, for as has Keen wisely and truly said, 'Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty;" and m our hu nble i it the opinion, vigilance of the whole people, not of a is that few, needed to preserve and main ain libe ty. HOME AFFAIRS. Governor Murray iThi Washington, and of course uIUghIa indues against theMormons.', Judge Huuter is aUj taere, and it is said His .. Excellency and tha Chief Justice are not the best of friends. We received a pleasant call on Saturday, the 14th inst., from Miss Ida lone Cooke, Principal of the Brigham Young College at Logan. She gives a good report of the condition of the Remi. nary, and also of the Y. L. M. 1. A. in Cache County. will be a Conference of the Young Peo. j There pic's Associations of thia Stake of Zipn held in the Salt Lake Assembly HaJI, Surxday, Jan. 22. It will no doubt be ah Interesting meeting, all who have the future interest of Zion at heart should attend if possible. Tub Y. L. M. L A. of the I7ih Ward ikK.fimifTA.I and 'Piicua.lm? Tii r 5 fta wan re. forin V Tm, . gall, President; Mrs- - Annie E. Hyde atid Miss Belle Clayton, Counselors1; Mkss E. A. Davis, Secretary; Miss Phebe Tingey, Assistant Secretary; Miss Zina Hyde, Treasurer. Some new members have. been enrolled. Two meetings have already een held since the organization, at the residence of Mrs. Dougall, and ' there seems to be a renewal of interest in the work of improvement. The Gardo House, whch been some at last occupied by the of the Church, who held a reception President to suitable the celebration of such an event on New Year's Day. About two thousand people ut mat iime bii ui uhuw) wiw i. i esiutlJ t tayjur, wishing him a Happy New Year and many of them in his new home, and afterwards partook of delicious refreshments seredfor the occasion. A few of his friends remained to dine with him. We add our congratulations to those of thousands of others, and wish the President prosper, ity and happiness, the favor of God and the love of the Latter-daSaints. . Jias time In preparation, is y The anniversary of the Y. L M. 1. A. of the Tenth Ward of this city was celebrated on Thursday, Jan. 12; meeting was held in the schbolhouse at 2 p. mf, Mrs. M. J. Pierce presid. ing. Minutes of previous annual meeting were read and accepted. Addresses upon subjects of special importance to the young were given by Sisters M. A. B. Freeze, M. I. Home and E. B. Wells, following which seven of the young lad; members made a few brief remarks. Counselor James Woods occupied a short timu in speaking, and the President, Mrs. Pierce, made a tew closing remarks, expressing her gratitude to the sisters who had come to encourage them in their Association. A party was given in tie evening In honor of the anniversary. AT the recent Stake Conference in this city the dedication of the Salt Lake Assembly Hall took place, on Sunday afternoon, Jan. 8, with appropriate services. The choir sang the hymn, "This house we dedicate to thee." President Joseph F Smith offered the dedicatory prayer, and in the most humble and earnest manner dedicated the building, includiug every part and portion thereof, to the Lord. 'The choir then sang, "He died, the gre it Redeemer died." The sairament was administered, and Apostle Eras tu- - Snow first addressed the congregation, and was followed by President John Taylor, who spoke with great power concerning the affairs of the nation. Choir sang the anthem, "Awake, put on thy strength, O Zfon." A primary Association was organized in the Seventh Ward Wednesday Jan. 4, 1SS2. Bishop Thorne and Counselors were present, and Mr? Alice Nedham Pres. of the Relief Societv of the Ward, her board of officers and many of the mem ters. Sisters M. I. Home, E. Howard, & B Wells and Louie Felt, were present by invitation-Thfollowing officers were elected Mrs. Well. e 