W OM ; hare th$&i&fc return evil lor evil, mil rainer, uy our different changes that earth must pass through before it can be the abode of its Creator! The study Is great and glorious, even as shown to that "we seek-t- honor our Father in heaven. "Then -- the question will ino deed be settled speedily, and in a different way than that which our defamers anticipate. Oh! what a vision opens to ray mind, when -- contemplating the blessings and glory that awaits a united people; but my pen fails me, -and I veil myeyes-i- n wonder, and viewra3 in-- a mist, the rest that remains for the people of r- - ' ; , - ------- : . . When we are enabled, through faith, to pierce the dark clouds that obscure the present, and fix our eyes on the glorious promises ; given of the future destiny of the people who lare .Jinited . in.. Jteeping the commandments of -- ..; H- - the-word- . a" - - God,-th- e -- trials-and-labo-rs of" the-prcse- ntai but light, -- notwithstanding they sometimes; seem greater than we lean bear. JL"For i Jat evening time it shall be light. And they shall all see eye to eye, when the Lord shall bring again Zion." x Pucebe C. end of ti me, Ako Papieljn to John,: the Revelator, theHtaine visioh7bnly by. different figures, when the word came that time shall be no longer! How I wish the clergy of the different sects" could see and un-- derstand thisTgreat: and 7glolioulworkTh'ejiLl; their minds would be filled with that light and -intelligence - which i would take all envy and Ihatred and malice from their bosoms. Light and joy and peace would take possession and fill the : place of the fornier; and they would find of the Savior verified, when he told the woman of-- Samaria sayingrthejnilet"He3VQid3 give, would bo a well or water springing up unto everlasting li fe. Wi th this water of life or. this light and - intelligence, what great at- tainments are made in arts and sciences, by those who are" not full of gall and bitterness.: those who give their attention to theprinciples of study, and advancement for the benefit of mankind But should wo become so proud of our attainments that we cannot look beyond our own sphere of action? Should we not re- -' . ' Grod.-.- - yjoawntohe, . : JX P O N E f?T. '"2.3."" us not good works, prove AN'S Young. THE TRUE 'CHURCH.7 member that we are, although different, yet Why are all the churches in Christendom offended with us ? Is it because a young man members of one body or, in other words, all onlv fourteen years of age who, being anxious children of one Father? Is it wise tobe proud? to know, which church possessed the greater Bather let us remember the Lord resists the portion cf the Spirit of the Lord, and the true proud, but gives.grace to the humble. But again I ask, why do the clergy rage against tlretruth? principles of religion asked in faith, believing he. could know for himself?, believing also the I will answer all do not. As soon as they word of the Apostle James, chap, iv, ver. 5: learn its simple and plain facts, many have wisdom "He that lacketh let him ask of God!" thrown away prejudice ard especially if they his received an to were devoted to the teaching of Christ. Man answer, Accordingly " there were none on the earth ormany have done this. Even Presidents-Taylor, who with another "divine was praying ganized as Jesus left it. None according come1 the time had But when to some passage of, scripture when Understand pattern. there must be such a church and such a people. Elder Parley Pratt came in"' with the message This being the fact, 1 would ask who is to. of salvation. Rdadalso Spencer's letters, you blame? Is any one to blame? We were. all will see true iaith in God. The author was a doincr the best we could before this message ar- 13aptistjmn n veuVTAnd what now : can be done only to inand a good salary. He gave up all for the truth, -' the will and comsee better truth if it "when he heard it, and lie never repented of it, vestigate -but rejoiced in it to the day of his death. pare with Christ's teachings when he was here Can it be a reality that the whole of Chrisupon the earth. Did not the Savior come at a certain period of time, to accomplish a work; tendom are determined to stamp us out of which was opdained-to-b- e from before the existence? Dare they, in the jrido of their offoundation the world, to rescpe us from the hearts, attempt this?; Have they no fear of fall and bring to pass the resurrection? Yet God'befbre their eyes? I think it would bo his brethren, the Jews, rejected him, as Sr. well forkem to learn of our faith and docPaul says, blindness in part happened to Israel trine befopc they begin, lest our exit should until the fulness of the Gentiles has come in. be to our (advantage, and their efforts to their" This time having arrived, is it; strange that sorrow. The measure they mete to others will this young man 'should be led to make so fer-vemost assuredly be meted out to them again. a prayer to God to know the right way. The word of the Lord .has spoken it through -- Is it not probable he .was to doL thegay ior of the world. .: M. E. Kimball. this great work, this strange work which we that have embraced it once looked upon as false? ' I well remember exclaiming false pro- THE MODERN HERO. phet, when I first heard of the work; because the Savior said: there should be such in the last days. But how unwise, to judge a people Reading Carlyle's "Hero as Divinity," started the train of thought about the modern hero. unheard. All nations, all people have a portion of diWell what did I hcarTt was this: that the Lord, knowing our capacities, gave us the writ-- i vinity within them. Children 01 the Heaventen word, or Bible, just as he meant it, and ly Father; how can it be otherwise? No matter xsaid his word was so plain that the wayfaring . how dense the darkness that enshrouds them, tbeyvseek for something to .worship, to look up man, though, a fool, need not err. therein. to, to aid them to ward off evil, and to bring Thisxlopked reasonable and fatherly? Why should iledo otherwise? The "Mormon" Elder them good. A higher power than theirs is then took thqbible in its plainness, and how insought blindly, but devoutly. The traditions of the ancient fathers came down through centeresting. It sindeed: seemed like a well of water springing Jip into everlasting life. Beturies, mingled with obscurity; and that probcause he taught thatChrist's sermon, on the ably constituted the' Cods of the ancient Norse-v,as Mount must be observed to the very 1 etter." " nen.The eviloneva3aDroaa,Taisenooa lead the. to with truth. Anything Nothing must be neglected, if we would be mingled minds of the children of men from the truth; prepared for the coming of the Savior. Was there danger m this kmd of teaching? No; far anything to satisfy the inherent longing for a more on the other mdeof the Question.-witlrt- h higher life, save the eternal truths of heaven. idea that you have only to come to Jesus and The Priesthood wa3 driven from the eartn. Most assuredly. But how you are saved. Idolatry and false forms jfreligion held sway. ust we come? The Savior says to observe vali 'Darkness swept over- - the earth. Popery and and Paganism rose, advanced and partially ue things whatsoever I . have commanded tho m. . astonish-ment,-sayi- ng to-thi- v.-ve- s -- . , - ry cufieu. r rom irpery ; sprang lier nlahT daughters, the Protestant Churches; ' -- There was no Divine Hero upon the earth. None sent from the heavens to proclaim tho high, for heretofore every ambassador, even to the Son of God, had been destroyed, translated or driven to the uttermost parts of tho earth. The. time had come Jor a .new era. Blest, ordained and set f apart-vfbrJh- is HghTmission; " :i Joseph was sent unto the earth. As a babe he be gan his earthly life; angels watched over ' their precious charge. While still a.bof the ami his Son, Jesus Christ, appeared to . . . I-or- d Hml andunfolded the St "Hear y6,liim'! said the Father. and the Son s . th" Thl ;ht,np3 on the darkness of the World light that was destined to dispel it to revolutionize the '; religiqiffn,o ;;;Jheqriesj bring life i ied Hie I ru .againeternalfe.q the the lather, dwelling in shadows and ' -. ' - ' fanciful-form- : . ; . , i " s. This is a. hero to be )roud of! Who with stood persecution; who nianfully ipaintaincd the rt-ainst- -the , youth, unaided by mortal man, maintained his jntegrity. The liosts of heaven watched, aye, and guarded him too. Sorely was he tested, but he shone forth as pure gold; he began a nev era of light and life, to mankind the brethren and the sisters, children of the same . Father he had lived with before ho came to this world, before he descended from the courts of heaven. This hero oame. Joseph was liis name. His life testified of m heroism; a struggle continu-- ally with the jowers of darkness, that tried to overwhelm him but could not. Through trial and persecution Joseph led the chosen people 7 gathered from many nations. What is life to him but sorrow and gladness. SorrowYhen -wickedness triumphed, and gladness for the power iven in tho last -- days over the evil one. l, After a life of of good wishes, of of miracles, hope, of troubles innumerable from the hand$ of wicked men;., of privations, of imprisonment, falsly accused, this great liero, this wonderful man, tln3 son of the Father was . " martyred; laid down his life, and scaled his 7; testimony with his blood, which has never . been effaced from the prison floor. It is a strong testimony of the innocence of the mar-- ; tyred modern heroes, Joseph Smith and his " . -- . : -- self-denia- brother Hyrum. . ' Emily B. Sitcjsk. nt fore-ordain- ed r of-man-made INTELLIGENCE. In a revelation to Joseph Smith in. the Doc-trin- e and Covenants we find the following: "Seek ye earnestly the best gifts, always remembering for what they are given; for, verily I say unto you. they are given for the benefit of those who love me, and keep my commandments;" then follows several paragraphs explaining what those gifts arc. And, "He that receiveth of God, let him account it of God, and let him rejoice that he is accounted of God worthy to receive; and -- we are told . to "live by every word that proceedeth forthT' from the mouth of God," and to "search these commandments for they are true and faithful." "The glory of God is intelligence, or, in other words, light and truth-Doand Gov page 240, Fi rs t European Edition'. "And if "yoiirneye le"Einglertolny glory, your whole IxxlielCfihall be filled with light, and there shall be" no darkness in you, and that body which infilled with., light . comprehendeth all thinsji' pasre 100; aaraiu he savs "cast away your idle thoughts and your excess of laughter far from you." - A description of yJesus Chrht says he was never known to laughr-And it 13 certain that tho more we think idle ; c. ; 