 WOW A W'RIT P (WTOfJI u u w j i ... s a m m i . ... u i . a m - a i : e 0 The Rights of the Women of Zion, and the Eights of the Women of all Nations. Vol. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, MAY 1, 1882. 10. APOSTROPHE TO SPRING, 1882. Fain would I woo thee! sweet gem of the year ! Bat you meet me bo cold that I'm chill I rcmenibcT the days when my eye, and my ear To thy voices would lovingly thrill ! When the flowers burst forth as a carpet beneath My feet as I sped o'er the earth ! When the violets, and primrose bedeck'dzny loved hearth And it 6emcd earth received a new birth ! When the wild thymo arose in its ottoman form Speaking loud of Shaksperian rhymes, When the kingcup, and pimpernell dally wero bora, Oh! were these not heavenly times? When the nightingale sang her sweet vespers at eve, And the- Blackbird and Thrush hail'd the morn How I listening bent my charm 'd car to Receive The music round shrub'ry and kawn ! - We feel that the granduer and beauty of earth Had received from the heavens a strain, Of the glory and sweetness of heavenly mirth That inflated the heart, and tho brain ! It 60cmed to prepare us for heavenly joy As, we bask'd in the beauty around, It took from the earthly ita needed alloy And made satisfaction abound; er ! let us be grateful for all we possess. And acknowledge the wisdom and care, So richly provided, yes e'en to excess, And of which we've a bonntifnl share. Oh all circumstances, we must be Saints indeed, for it requires, every wrong influence that is within us as individuals to be subdued, until every evil desire is eradicated, and every feeling of our hearts brought into entire subjection to the will of Christ. We are professed ly Saints and it behooves us to strive to live as such and to know and understand ourselves that we may order our lives before Him, whom we acknowledge as our Father and God in such a manner that we shall not need his chasteningjiand. Brigham Young once said, that when we had overcome every besetting sin within ourselves, then we should be able to overcome every foe without, and we should live and outlive all the slander, prejudice and falsehoods that had been heaped upon us. Sisters let U3 be alive to our duties, let us be prayerful, watchful and live our religion day by day, then sureiy will peace and the God of peace be with us. Jivainpeacenewith-anotherund- Nell. beautiful Nature ! thou daughter of God Well, well may we bend before thee ! Yet, oft in thy hand Is & marvelous rod, Placed there by thy Maker's decree. And the cold chilly Spring of tho year eighty-tw- o With Its hailstorms, its cyclones and snow, Is depressing but yet we must still keep in viow That we've blessings we'll never forgo. O we must live in peace" one with another, doing unto others as we would have them do unto us, and carry peace with us wherever we 0. I know that to be perfect, to be of one mind, to ! Then I'll take thee, sweet Spring of the year eighty-two- , With thy chills, and thy smiles and thy tears, Fori know that tho Sun to his earth will bo true Tho' she lacks some sweet gifts of past years. For 'twas said when the work f creation was young That the day and the night should not cease, But continue their courses for all times to come, And their blessings should never decrease. And the "lights" that were planted in glory abovj For ''signs, and for seasons" should be And these acts of creation doth visibly prove Child of earth! they were planted for theo! IlANXAn T. Kino. 1831. 21st Lake Salt City, April PEACE. of good comfort, be of one mind, live in peace, and the God of peace will 4Be perfect, be be with you." So said St. Paul to the Saints in his day, but I think it is applicable to the Saints today. were It almost seems as though storm-cloud- 3 fast gathering, but let us as Saints "bo perfect," then we shall have nothing to fear, for they that are with us are more than they that are r J is dn'6ur side' an d"H6" will agalnsfc p the fight our battles for us, if we will only , make ourselves worthy of his protection and care. To be worthy to be perfect, we must subdue the evil that is within us, correct every influence that arises within our own hearts that is opposed to the sanctifying influence of the grace of God; then may we "be of good comfort" for we shall have the approval- of our heavenly Father. "We must also "be of one mind" there must be no jarring nor contention in our midst, - TO MRS. EMILY SCOTT. I have no doubt that several of my "Mormon" si3ter3 will reply to your second honest, sensible letter, as readily and candidly as they did to your first For my own part, I feel much obliged to you for giving ua nu opportunity of speaking without feeling that we are crowding our opinions unasked and undesired. And I appreciate your friendliness in accepting our testimonies as they are given, in all sincerity of heart. ' . Do not be offended with me for pitying your "unbelief, skepticism or Ingersolism." It all seems to me so unsatisfactofy,especially when,in my mind I compare it with the sweet faith, the abiding hope, the perfect trust, the actual Saints posknowledge which we as Latter-da- y and of our Heavenly Father, his justice sess, in mercy and loving kindness. How can we help having faith when we repeatedly put thepro-mise- s of the Lord to the test and have them fulfilled to the very letter ? By humbling ourselves not to man but before God, and seeking to understand and be obedient to his laws, we obtain the precious, priceless gift of his spirit, by which weknow for ourselves concerning Him and his works. Thi3 brings us peace and joy and satisfaction in all our duties, and if we carefully follow its dictates, it will lead U3 into all truth. Your very pointed and intelligent question, "What is the belief of the Mormon Church, and do you all have the same belief?" comprises so much that many pages might be advantageously filled in answering it. But we have "Articles of Faith" printed on small cards which will tell you in brief what our belief is. tangent tayouWe 'm6rthe6atdrsliall "One Church of Christ, have, like the ancient Lord, one faith, one boptism;" In our testimony meetings', we all testify with one spirit, of tho goodness .and power of "One God, and Father of all." Whether we all speak or not, we all understand alike and believe alike; and the enjoyment of this Holy Spirit is what unites our hearts and makes us regard each other with the purest and most charitable feelings of love' and tenderness. I have said all, but No. 23. should say the great majority of our people are thus actuated. There are and always , have been hypocrits, and wj are not entirely free from them. "Future rewards and punishments as I unand-righ- t. derstand tho subjectwill-b- e perfectly-ju3- t Those who employ themselves in good works here, will receive a corresponding reward hereafter. And those who do wickedly will reap what they merit. I am fully determined to do all the good can. Although far from perfection, yet our people arc diligently striving to reach a very exalted degree of excellence; and the Lord helps us in our weakness, often bestowing upon us what seems to be supernatural strength and fortitude; and to Him belongs the praise and glory if we do well. Very cheerfully yours, L. Greene Richards. UNREPRESENTED WOMEN IN MAS SACHTJSETTS. In 1875, at the time of the last State census, there were of all ages in the State single fe- males, 458,285; Widowed females; 73,527; divorced females, 1,847, making a grand total of 533,529, females of all ages unrepresented by There were 328,088 females both married husbands. and unmarried under twenty years of aire hwo h ounoiJeti w nit single, it will leave a total of 204,541 females over twenty years of age unrepresented by husbands. Of course a small proportion of females under twenty were not single, so that the total 204,541 will be a somewhat less number than the true total. WOMEN TEACHERS IN MASSACHUSETTS. Of teachers in 1879, in the public schools of Massachusetts there were: Males, 1,133 Females,", 7,482; total, 8,015. Of the above, 494 were teachers in high' ec'iools. The sexes are not indicated in the above figures, but deducting male principals, about 200, most of the remainder were females, showing a decided majority of female teachers in the high schools also. Ex. NOTES AND NEWS. The movement for the higher education of women in England has been advanced another stage by the action of the university of London, the convocation of which, at a recent meeting, decided to admit female graduates. This concession follows logically after that which opened the doors of the University to women. It indicates the steady growth of public "sentiment, and is an omen of the"day not far distant when all barriers of thi3 kind will be removed Christian Union. A cory. of the wonls written in the Queen's own hand, to be placed upon the monument she has had erected in Hughenden Church, it -- is as follows: "To the dear, and honored memory of Benjamin, Earl of Beaconsfield, tluV memorial is placed by his grateful and affectionate Sovereign 27, that speaketh right." Prov. xvi, 13. Feb. ' 1882. - 