; woman is nobly performing her part injhe " :' arena. : :;' ' ' . ' M ,Vv.. I., On June 24 th great ' . I sent a communication on our annual meeting of the Relief Society of June 4; as It lias not appeared In your columns I presume it has been mislaid; we may be deemed negli, gent, I thought a few lines jwould not be amiss. Our meeting was held as usual, the Bishop and his Counselors being present; had an excellent time, and good instructions were given us.1 Our reports were good; the Relief Society house not being completed, they were not as concise as we should have liked. Considering alL things, we are doing well; there not many poor among us, and the sisters are ever ready and wJUing-t- o aid and assist, withTfew exceptions. . a we had was election . pleasant Yesterday day; time, the weather being fine and the brass band making times lively, while peace and cheerfulness reigned within our homes. We felt that, our Father In Heaven was at the helm, guiding r thegood.ship2ion to her noble destiny. " A. J. Merril, Pres't. Betsy Brower, Sec'y, R. S. . Oar - ; , . Maecaeet Siur.r, down-trodde- ' . R S Y. L. M. I. A. AND PRIMARY V REPORTS. Y .L. M. I. A. PROVO. Minutest of the Y. L. M. I; A. of' Utah Stake held in the Provo: Meeting House, Aug. 31 1882. President Emily Cluff presiding. Present on the stand Pres. Elmina S. Taylor,of S. L. Pres. Emily G. Cluff, Counselors Zina Y. Williams and Jennie Tanner, Sister M. T. Smoot. After the- - opening exercises, the reports of 13 societies were' given which were very satisfactory and showed marked improvement.-Counselor Zina Y. Williams said, she did not see a face before her, but what she knew, and through these associations had learned to love. Now is oneof the most trying times we have ever had, and we know it is necessary to attend to our duties. We" hear through" all thecounties," the same cry, that not enougn oi tne memoers come to meeting, butwe see those that do, have intelligent idea3 and desire to gain more experience by associating with Others that do go. There i3 not a soul " - - ... Seo'y : . - - gilt-busine- Cluff, Prest. 7T1EiirG Annie L. Jones, . feelings of sincere regret and affectionate remembrance that we chronicle ths death of our esteemed friend and skter, Jane James, who passed away fronr earth quietly and peacefully, surrounded by her family and kind friends, on the afternoonof September year ot her age, to join the 10, 1SS2, in the fifty-Hrones gone before. and loved hosts the heavenly, ' Deceased was a native of . Shrewsbury, Shropshire, England ; joined the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter. -day Saints when quite young, and emigrated to Utah with her husband In 1S53. They first settled in Draper ville, but Ehortly after moved to Paradise, Cache Co." where her husband, David James, held the office o Bishop for several years. They were among the first settlers of that place, and she patiently endured the trials and hardships incident, to the settling of anew country, ever thanking her Heavenly Father that she had the privilege of hearing and receiving the Gospej and gathering with the Saints. 'At the organization of the Relief Society of Paradise she was chosen President, .which position she held until she removed with herfam. lly to Salt Lake City in 1S7J, where they located in the Seventh Ward. When the Primary Association was organized in that ward, she was called to fill the position of First Counselor, which office she held until her death Sister James rwaa a faithful wife, a true andloving mother, a sincere and faithful friend, and a pure, humSaint. Through her whole life. ble, practical Latter-dathe was governed entirely by a conscientious regard for principle and a love for all that is pure, elevating an d ennobling. She leaves a husband, four children, one of relatives and friends to mourn grandchild and a host ' ' v Com. loss. ..her Itis with y . of pneumonia, Died, at Kichmond,- Oct. 20, Shepard Fyers, after cleTen days' illness, which sho bore with great fortitude; her faith in the Gospel of Christ was firm to the end. Sister Fyers was President of the teachers quorum ia the BcDef Society. Iler ener- of the poor, filling lejWerg ever devoted to the good Saint of God; she will come lh3 last. Sir, was tern Fu-ei- said and go back w against us7 they turn away from us and help misrepresent us; therefore my. sisters bo independent, and if you think you cannot find good company! go by yourself and always keep in remembrance that improvement is our motto ,...';.-'.:..and perfection our aim. Encouraging remarks were - then made by Sisters Zina Y. Williams and Prest. Emily G. Cluff, who Jirged the sisters to treasure up the words which had been spoken, for it . would prove an untold blessing-- to - them. Urged ss.' "them to keep in mind theJHospital and Meeting adjourned for six months. Singing, lThe Spirit of God like a fire is burniienediction by ilder u, l. ivrrowsmnn. mg. : st . . Committee. - . :more sail.th downward course, but our joy. cannot be told when we see them going on and; improving in this way, and these young ladies must.be on so as to make them better - the improvement wives and better mothers in Israel, for thee daughters raise our future prophets seers, rev- elators and missionaries; girls,i keep- - good com- . i pany, have nothmg to ao witn our enemies, it thev are sick administer to" them, if they are hungry feed them, but that is all. They, pity n women of Israel. Now in the my heart I feel to pity them, bo gentlemen anJ ladies in every respect, but do not associate with .Look--aroun-d you and see those" who"': ... them. have married outside of the Church, see how their happiness fades, go before the Lord iny dear sisters, and ask Him to find you the right mate. There are some of us who associate with . folks who appear to be our warmest friend?, but when they leave this pure, mountain air . Makt Allsop, Emi- x Jaxe Miixek, President, L offliti honors S lSectio5f rn . tot - is-te- t-- - :: 20th Ward. our bosom The sweet ties that bound us are broke, -- And nature compels n9;tojniourncr! But oh, transporting delight . To think of our meeting again, and clean white, our : robes in clothed When, We'll meet thee, Rosina, again. Fhaxcis Tit av Men, . Sirs. Sharp waa chosen First Counselor to Mrs. Marorganization of the Relief Sogaret Smoot attho ciety of the Twentieth Ward. When Sister Smoot moYed to Provo, Mrs. Sharp was acting President for a number of years, hut on account of her poor health, she resigned her office. She was a most devoted wife and a kind, loving mother, and died in full faith of the Gospel and of a nlorioua resurrection. K. S. . friend-fro- JieIping4irthe-wqrkndfGod ; : grated to Utah in 130. She was the mother of twelve children. children, and grandmother of twenty-eigh- t She joined the Church in Scotland, her natiTO country, ' 1817. -- band, children and relatives in their loss, intermingled with the knowledge that it is her true gain, and rejoice to know, that if we follow in her footsteps, and are cannot faithful, we; shall meet. ..again where 'sorrow .... come. .. . Sho's gone, and our hearts feel the smart,,::;:,;-- 'i: Slater Jane r. Sharp, wife of Bishop John Sharp, departed this life the 2uth of August, 1S32. She was born; Hay 21, with them again in Conference, for it. was so pleasing to see the young sisters going on and "Be ' ScoUanr -- Soit resolved. That we, as members of the Relief our beloved elster and ciety, deeply mourn the loss of and we sincerely sympathise with her hu- - 1 June-2- 5, im : . IN MEMORIAM. Elder Robert Till , smgingI'lUervo the Lordr Miss Annie Smart recited a peice "Utah what shall be.11 "T""- -" h was, what it lsand-what- -it was pleased to meet Pres. E. la Denmark? Fur's Co , State of New January SI, and ; Torki waa the daughter of Isaac and Sarah Shepard, was baptized into the Church when qmiacnuu Sec y. Provo City, October 9. SUGGESTIONS ABOUT TRAINING -- i do, and we can accomplish more than any other nation on earth, for we are, or ought to be, one and all working for the same object. President E. S. Taylor said, she felt acquainted with most of the faeces, and felt proud of Utah Stake for it was the only county in which they, had visited every place. We do not want to have too much education of the world, but to come to these meetings and learn of God. se Our old veterans are passing away and we want-theyoung ladies to take their place. XV" pleased to hear some of them say they had good testimony meetings, but would 'not frightenJhex young ladies away on account of their speaking, but tell them they need not speak till they feel like they want too. She spoke on the. Hospital business, and prayed for the Spirit of Godto rest down upon us. Sister M. T. Smoot was pleased and overjoyed with meeting with them, and exhorted her sisters to continue on in well doing, and if. she:could be allowed theexpression, that if all in Jiellii3.iirraye4-against-u37"ife"tnithe Lord, they could not harm us; and it we did right all our cloud3 would have a broad silver lining, -- Pres. Emily G. Cluff said she felt sorry to see so few present, and that they were nearly all officers with us, and if we cannot have.them any'otHer way, we will have to make them all officers. Then gave the remainder of the meeting open to testimonies. Meeting adjourned till; 2 p. m., singing " We thank thee 0, God for a Prophet. Benediction by Zina Y. Williams. Meeting held per adjournment singing "We tank thee 0, Cfod for & Frophet," .'prayer by -- " -- s't . - boys. - - "In the nature of almost every boy there are four powerful- - influences at work, which tend, if they are wisely used, to strengthen or weaken his moral character, "viz.; or desire to be doing 1. His resilessnes-rsomething, which is the cause of many of his troubles (and of his mother's also). :i 2. His great craving for companionship, and what he calls " fun," which seems to be a nec' essity to most healthy boys. 3. His fear of ridicule, which in many boys is so great that they can be induced to sin esagainst conscience and stomach in order, to ""rr-""'; cape it. 4. The desire to be or to appear manly. The boy carries these four influences with him always, and it is a contest between us and Satan as to who shall control them, "and the boy'3 fate depends much on the issue of this an we uru veai, n cuui w .xontesi;.xie-i3wor- xn in his behalf. ile""i3-Wortmore than ail the gold or honor or station you , "N . - . - r-. . . - .can.-ba.ma- de pin win.. Tf vnu - love him more than you love these thin gs, and even than you love yourself or your own ease and comfort, youcan, With the Lord's help,Jiold him safe against - the world, N the flesh, and the devil." Bat you must be " wise as serpents." Too much restraint will chafe and embitter. Too little is sure to end in rum, You must make your child happy r for- - it is true " that discontent is the cause of the most of the wickedness in the world." You must let him see that you eagerly desire bis tappi- - 