''J ilM'lirWWIl1S n Birn ill iMiinm nil hi iimmin . 0 'Cla tatitry'-VttbrcMwtti to apfahit wgbtkii te i Ww'jU; .v W the : &5oantt CsSv Vt "xthe Sxca. of tie Gsscil kllituate tud enrldecoe iu. the falmwi pRce'edingt'oliSe 'comtnlsslpn-- The re- - ;$iTti the L ! people-- same ? Ivbka cf .4tf. TfistrailtriJtilirfcftJatherla and--- " t interest cne cf lktJml$ter""'r( " . One will requ ire caution w well as ability SALT LAKE -- SEPTEMBER thing Is certab, that the people of JUUhare quick of perception and not easily decelved,they U1 soon understand the true state of affairs, and w he tht the law is to be administered In' Justice and equ ity, tempered with that quality, tht seasons 1 ujticer whether bitterness and prejudice are , a part of the element which controls those who are to beTacUvely engaged in carrying out the r-- tm: THg UTAH .COMMISSION.'. The Commissioners appointed by Pres. Arthur to fix up affairs in Utah, arrived here oa Friday evening August IS. Several prominent gentlemen of liilsjdty and vldrd - meat them.. 'hey manifested a friendly feeling towards the people, and everything passejcfl -pleasantly.-O- n Saturday evening a public reception was given In the Walker Opera House, under theauspices of Gov. Murray. A large number of citizens both, gentlemen and ladles attended, and were introduced to the Commis-eloner- s. - Gov. Ramsay, Ex. Senator Paddock Mr. Carlton, Mr. Pettigrew and Mr. Godfrey, are the . gentlemen who form the commission. . They "are all from the Western States, but we comparatlevly little of venJreJ;oiiayJL Utah and Its people, save what the newspapers -give. What course they will take to enforce the Edmund's law, does not yet" appear," biitlt will require great wisdom , caution andj udgment of a superior quamy to discriminate; ana then again there are so many interpretations of the law itself by the lawyers, that It would really seem as though the Edmunds bill was a second . edition of the problemthat it was designed to explain or to do away with. As a sequel to a novej often plunges the reader deeper than the story itself, so It is likely to be in this case. There is an old saying "who shall decide when doctors difagree'In be appropriate to say "who shall decide when" congressmen "disagree?" Instead of eiucl-dati- n g clearly to the unders tandi n g of interested. I parties, Congress adds to" the catalogue of statutes by authorizing the Governor to make appointments to fill vacancies that have never existed. This puzzles the Governor and his aids, and has, so we have been informed, caused him to grow very serious and contemplative. It is an unfortunate dilemma to say the least of it, and looks very much as if everything done to facilitate the enforcement of the Edmund's law, only complicated the difficulties to be encountered or placed another obstacle In the way to hinder or retard the movement un1 V der consideration, It appears the Commissioners since arriving here have made good use of their time, and have fchown a desire to adjust matters according to v the laws and statutes of Utah. After dellberat. ing together for two days, and thoroughly ex- -' amining the law In regard to elections, the following resolutions were adopted and furnished for publication. "Whereas, it is provided by the revised Statutes of the United States (sec. 1862) that every territory shall have the right to send a delegate to the house of representatives of the United State?; and as it is further provided (sec. 25)-th- at suchlection shall be held in all the a of the United States on the Tuesday after tha first Monday In KoVemher 1&32, therefore. wishes of the Congress of the United States, lit Is the earnest wl?h cf every true Latterday Saintthat these Crnissionersshouldnytl gate for themselves, and not depend upon Dame Rumor, and act aawisjfsjsera and aOhosewho love thel r fellow-me- . . " . into-myster- thia-insta- nce y7 It-w- ould unex-plalnab- le , terrl-torie- X. 4 c$Biajttee for .their &ai4ulty ud faith falnet in making the performance aoLc.rtjl!ta.bjA , 1--:'-- viiij inuk'l . forget Mrr Joseph.' .ipayneaVwho tobuipfttlled the choir on the large hii lorgan anil who added to the f Djojrment-hfine organ ealb.yV ,'v"' Jff-l-i- o Kjaaoer required by .Uw.:;-v.-.:-;ThU iep toTVald an Wetcn time auu uicui ju lu'a iuf du to th dlrrctlmi; Urtat cmllt ixgiPk humre dy;o: '. uvtr ai1,we"ahould-np- t' ''; I if : the as some cf the committee had anticipated, the whole of the proceeds only amounting to $3 13. 1 Financially Conrt-WM:;XiotJoaucceasfut.4- expenditures $118,05, leavJlng"i7S0p5tOf thls caih'f3DS5 orders "$151.60. Included in this amount was a donation from one of our brethrem of $50,00 who stv led hlmwlf "a friend ; : T Jo the enterprlseVf The question Is frequently asked by those not fim itarthjhercartr pital. "Have you many patients In the building : yet?" In order that the public may have some -I- dea of what is going on in the Incipient stages of the ocenine. weJwilLpubllahthe report of the medical board for the month f July, which only commenced with theJoMatnwntrend TO, : -- ingwith'thjiJlsir" n. Medical report of the Deseret Ho?pital for the month of July 1S32. Paitents received into the Hospital 7. Died 1, Discharged none. Remain' ing tf. Out patients prescribed for by the Visits by 3. Operatlon-owiotomy- . 31 Dr. W. the visiting board Dr. S. B. Young DESERET HOSPITAL CONCERT, The Concert in the Tabernacle, Thursday evening August 10, was quite a brilliant affair. The building was illuminated with eight electric lights, the effect being most intensely beautiful. Everything had been arranged in perfect order, dworkeso there was no jar : harmoniously. Pres. Angus M. Cannon offered prayer, and also made a few remarks to the audi ence, expressing a desire that there should be no loud laughter or boisterous applause, nojslapping of hands r stamping of feet, on account of its being a place of divine worshIp"The orchestra under the management ofProf. C. J. Thomas ' played some of their choice music Gk the best . mannercThe children trained by Mr. Evan - Stevens, did their part wonderfully woll, their fresh young voices ringing out full and clear in rich strains of melody. Bro, Stevens has had great patience and tact to accomplish so nfuch in so short a time, and deserves the thanks and gratitude of the public he is serving so faithfully. The Tabernacle choir In charge of Prof. Beesley, rendered their part of the performance excel. . lently well; the selection from, the "Messiah" "He shall feed his flock," was admirably ex ecuted. The "Harvest Moon" by the choir was another charming feature of the entertainment 'The Mendelssohn Club, added greatly-tthe enof the evening, their songs being well joyment chosen and harmoniously given. The songs given bylissNellie DruceMIss-Eaur- a Nebeker and Miss A gnes Oleen, were highly appreciated; all thete young ladles are talented singers, and great favorites of the people, Mr. H. Gitidner appeared in a song, which delljrh ted the audience, and Mr. E. Stevens sung in character "The Old Maid" or "I'm 93." He has a wonderful voice and It rang out on the very highest notes clear as a bell. The song was a comic one as le indicates and a Httleebul-lltlo- n of enthusiastic appreciation was given, In as quiet a way as was possible in a crowded assembly. The Concert being in a place dedicated to sacred worship, no loud applause could be permitted. The evening's enterfainmenT closed with a benediction by Elder George Goddard, one of the executive committee of ' -- its-tit- . v" " T y The Officers of the Deseret Hospital Association desire to return their thanks and gratitude to all the musicians, singers and children, who so kindly proffered their services for the benefit of the HcFpItal en ter rrlse, and trust- - they will house-surgeo- n 5, prescriptions and treatment by surgeon 57 signed E. B. Ferguson, F. Anderson, -t- he-house House Surgeon, , HOME AFFAIRS, The slsttrs who are putting up fruit, jelly and "l6foHb7"wbuld conft-- a favor upon the sick and afflicted if.they.would put up a few cans extra for the Deseret Hospital." We return our sincere thanks to the officers of for the American Woman's Suffrage Assaciation to the very kind and cordial invitation extended Zina D. H. us, likewise our "dear friend Mrs. Invita-tlo- n Young, who has also received a special In to attend the Convention, to be held Omaha Sept, 12 and 13. We publish elsewhere r -- : the official announcement. : .. -- We have been reques ted " to remind theslsters in Lwho preside in each of the branch Societies, to this Stake of Zion, that it will be necessary the .furnish a six months report in good time,' for the coming' Conference to be held on Friday 22d of September, in the 14th Ward Assembly, Room?. Secretaries should be particularly should be prompt in this matter. Each Society if not represented by the President if possible, or by one of her Counselors or Secretary." Presidents of Relief Society Y. L. M. I. A. of and P. A. who preside In the several Stakes - Zion will please remember that full -reports of these organizations in their respective of Btakes should be forwarded to the Secretary the central board: early enough e incorpo-at rated into the general report, which is due to Pres. John Taylor's office ten days previous rwH n, frpnM- - Secret ariei reports .or are herebynoti0ed tQforvard-8ai- d. Relief Society to Sarah M. Kimball, Salt Lake Care City.' Y. L. r. I; A. t Louie Wells,Freeze, Woman's Exponent. P. A. to LilUe semi-annu- al to-b- ' Salt Lake City. CanOn Thursday August 17, Hon. George Q. b non returned from Washington, whither to went last fall, as the duly elected delegate in Congress of the United States A party meth im gentlemen and ladicsfrom this city due tonisp Ogden, according him thehonor - ( 