WO MAN'S 178 SCENES ANt) INCIDENTS IN NAUVOO. BY IIELElf MAIt WHITNEY. Tho following interesting incidents I sketch from letters written by my mother to my father while on a mission. The first dated October lith, 1840, says, ""Conference closed last Monday. It was the largest and most interesting one that has ever been held : since the Church was organized . The people? that attended were estimatea at four thousand, some thought there were more. Much business was transacted and many cood instructions given. Brother Joseph has opened a new and glorious subject of late, which has caused quite a revival in the Church; that is - bein baptized for the dead. Paul speaks of it in First Corinthians 15th chapter 29th verse. Joseph has received a fuller explanation of it Since byjrevelation. this order has been preached here, the waters have been continually troubled. During conference there were sometimes from eight to ten Elders in the river at a time baptizing; Those who have no friends upon the earth to act for them, can make their wants known to whomsoever they, will, through ministering spirits; and by so do- - inn nra " act a front a fn ilinm TVmo rmi o-- r there is a chance for all. ' Is not this a glorious n r.i t. a .f ' ii n lit.. I VlUWllllK? j kJUlClJ LliO VJCULXlCo Will UlUClW, UUL we will rejoice to have the Gospel preached to the spirits in prison, and give them the privilege of coming forth in ;the first resurrection. President Smith in company with several brethren have bought a steam boat, which is now running from St Louis to Galena. They calculate in the Spring to run it to Wellsville. Perhaps you will have the privilege of coming home on it" In another letter she says, "I mentioned in my last, that our people had. bought a boat. )Fhey have named her Nauvoo. The last trip 4he made up the river, Brother Joseph Smith Vwent with her, and when he returned who should accompany him but John Boynton and his wife, and Lyman Johnson. They made it their home at Joseph's all the time they were here. I never saw Joseph appear more happy. Said he "I am going to have all my old friends around me again." Both of them bought lots and calculate to build here. As to their faith H have not heard much about it, but conclude have they got some, or they would have no object in coming here. I never saw any one appear more glad to see methan John's wife, they called us all brothers and sisters. The day I spent with them was one long to be remembered. "I feel very grateful to you and Brother Brigham and all the Saints who have administered to my necessities, may the Lord reward them four fold. The things all came safe and in an acceptable time, I can assure you. Sister; Bently (formerly widow of David Patten) was very thankful for her present, 'Sister Husband too. Sister Bently was very sick the day I rave it to her. The next day she felt the chill coming on, her mother told her to pui ncr snawi arouna ner. w ell said she, swho knows but Brd. Kimball has sent a blessing with it, people anciently .were healed with anything that the Apostles iad touched, and I will put- - it on- - and claim the blessing.' She did so and her chill, immediately left her; Bhe was quite smart all that day and so thankful that she could hot speak of it withont weepin g." A few extracts from my father's letter written 'one year from the time he left us in Commerce, may prove interesting. He gives some idea of me; eacruice mat was required at the hands of the ApOStleS tO DrOVO lllPTTl. TrhptKpr nr nr nrxr were the true servants of God who were willing to trust Him, and go forth in obedience according to the pattern laid down by, our "Savior, -- -- . B XT 0 N EN T . "without purse or scrip" to bear the true meswho sit in- darkness. sage of salvation to those would They were told in the beginning, that it like that require their whole souls an d, courage the considered of Enoch, for they would be worst of men; bur not to be discourraged at this for when God pours ottt his spirit, the enwho proemy will rage. "The lives of those claim the true Gospel will be in danger, this has been the case ever since the days of righte' ous Abel." The place where we were then living was named Springvale because of the numerous springs in that vicinity. The letter bears the following date: September 19th, 1840. My Dear Companion: It is one year yesterday since I .left you in Springvale, sick on your bed. After I started, you recollect, I called you to the door to bid you farewell. 1 tell you, my dear Yilate, that time will be remembered by me as long as time lasts. No man could suffer more than I did in ray feelings, no and I hope I will never have to again while I live on earth; I think if ever one man did, I have left all for the cause of " Christf Oh the feelings that I had no man has language to express; I must say that my constitution is broken down. I have aged more in one year past than in five years previous, and I suppose it has been the same with you. Brother Brigham Young and George A. Smith, have faOed in the same way. When I look back on the journey that we have traveled and the sickness that we have passed through I xlo not wonder at all, and as you say it seeing like an age to me. Last week lwas taken with the cholora in the evening and it appeared to me as though I could not live till morning. I was cramped in my legs and body, was in a strange place and no one to assist me; chills came on me in the night and it seemed as though I shuuld Veicu tu death before morning, I was obliged to leave my bell and get in with Brother George. The next day my legs were so 'numb that I. could scarcely walk. It held me about three days and brought me quite low. I am doing tolerablv well at present. Brother Woodruff left us about two weeks ago. We had not baptized but one here in the city before he left. He felt almost discouraged, said he never saw such a hard case before in his day. Every door closed against us and every heart. We traveled from day to day from one part of the city to the other to find some one that would receive our testimony, but it seemed all in vain for some time; at last we found one old Cornel-iou- s that was ready to receive our testimony as soon as he heard it Last Sabbath I went forward and baptized four. This was after I was attacked with the cholera. I thought it would do me good to go into a cold bath. Last night I baptized four, and more are going next Sunday. So you see the ico is broken in London and the truth has got such a hold the Devil can not root it out; but, he is very mad and I am glad, I thall never try to please him the Lord assisting me. You may think that I feel discouraged. I will say Iliave never seen the first moment as yet, I do not see any thing to discourage me but everything to the reverse. I know that I am built on the foundation of Jesus Christ and tho Apostles and I know that my name is written in uw cu auu iuui, x ttuau come iortn in tne iirst resurrection, that is'if I should lay in the dust before that time comes. It matters not to me whether I die or live if I do the will of my Father who is in heaven; and I know by the voice, of God and by the spirit of prophecy and - -- ; . .revelatiQiLnd bythepower-- of God andby more than one hundred testimonies that I could mention if it was needful, that this is his work. , You know Yilate that it ii not a mall thing i that casts me down. Now my dear cempanion -- pray to the Father in the name of Jesus Christ to uphold me that I may continue to tfye end and magnify my calling in the sight of God and angels and all holy men that have gone before us; and rather than let me fall that He will take me to himself, for I know and He knows that I wish to become a man of God in the full sense of the word; and I know that 1 cannot become thus except He be with me, for in and of myself I am nothing, nor is any other one; they may continue for a little season in their own wisdom but they will fall at last and go down to perdition. I speak of these things because I feel my weakness before God." In the same letter he describes some of the sights, witnessed by himself, Brothers Woodruff and George A. Smith. "On the . 5th, of September" he says, "we visited Abbey and went through every department, sa w all the tombs and monuments of tho Kings and Queen and Lords who are laid therein, and sat in the chair inwhich Queen Victoria was crowned, and all the Kings and Queens for the last eight hundred years; so you may know that it is quite an old chair and is worth going some distance to see. We also went to St. James Park and saw the Queen's troops two hundred horsemen and all had black horses. I never before saw so beautiful a sight There was about 400 footmam and a beautiful band of On the 8th of Sepmusic. tember we visited the House of Commons. On the 17th, Elder Sniith and myself visited the Queen's Palace, saw her horses which are of a cream color, there are twelve span of them and four are put before the carrage at once. The carriage of State weighs foilr tons,is twenty-fou- r feet in length, the most superb that was ever built in Europe. There are eight or ten others similar; probably 150 more horses kept for her majesty. I saw the Palace of Queen We Adelaide, King William's wife. went through all the stables, and harness house and all that appertains to it. You would be astonished to see the stir there is made over a little Queen, at the same time thousands starving to death for a little bread; but they have their reward. "Blessed are the poor for they shall rejoice in the Holy One of Israel." The rich and the proud have their reward here, and we shall have ours hereafter, so I do not envy them. The work of God is spreading in every direction. I received a letter from Elder Richards yesterday. He i3 well. There ha3 been fifteen or twenty baptized in Manchester every week, and so it is in Preston and every other part that I can hear from. B. Young got news from O. Pratt, and I received a letter from John Taylor. They are well. Since we have been here in London I have received letters from different parts of the thirty-on- e land all things go well at present; but the Devil is angry and also his comrades. There is great opposition in England and it is growing worse everyday. Remember me to all of the Saints from England, if they have - reached there. Giye my love to Bro. Joseph, Elder Rigdon, Brothers Hyrum, Don Carlos Smith and families; and Brother Thompson and 'wife, Brothers Hubbard, Bently, Rich, Joseph Young, Israel Barlow and their wives and all the wives of the Twelve and finally every body else that you see and may the. Lord bless them all is my prayer for Christ's sake, Amen." .TtJetter came at a time when my mother was overwhelmed with sorrow," having"just renews that her dear ceived the heart-rendin- g father was no more. She being the youngest child had been nearly . the idol of her family. Her father had passed through the troubles hi Ohio and Missouri and had followed us to Nauvoo and this was the The longest time we had been separated. last tidings received from him, he was well and calculating to start on his journey home on the 1st, of October and we had been daily anticipating his arrival. -- West-minist- er . 