tho Fair waa coudu THgan entertainment by tho feeveral wards oi a.' Bt. George was given in the Hall. ; It reflected .those who success, anl great ered it on took part tberoui. it vi&a given under tho,. charge of Mr.md Mrs. J. 1Y Gates. Tho financial report of the Fair and- Entertainment is as foIlows:J3y ash,-'i&Qy hy ' To y r dfr, ovppnr.hrS?7X7rTrade7SS3 Profit. G5745. J. ILTvins, Pres. SY. Gates, Sec. w Jjicli cl-i'ln--tLoev- npmm whoaH w woan, w of plural., j - -c- SfjrioljjjTnr -a- Leaving 0, 1 .i.l " . exercbe of citizenship ar?y .am s tu i - , -- " -- -- if tbat bti so ven a a n i e vrzxmmczXSr -- - - - . 3aL UP theirHyj!3j hrf))OOvnlria tho war In in .rwouloTchajlenge compaFison camp, hospital, and field, and tho mthjlbestzeffbrts r' majority of them faced the dangers "of the' field- public meti; Sh(v: held the audience enchained for an hour and a unweaponed. I half, and we But in Nebraska J have found only regret that any report for"'" -iwhich we have space must be meagre and prong fear in regard to the purity of the w4omen saic dn comparison with the flood of who shall vote. Laughter. When confronted proof, with this danger, lask to sec tho statutes which sentiment, humor and pathos which by turns characterized this- - masterly speach. make puritv and iinrichtness In' moh fhn nnr,. - "Now, I dition on which thev shall votnf rAnn1fln?Al began, - "that there is no say'so ' be can foundiirBurke of Jefferargument that ucnticmen, first apply this rule to yourselves son treteing to what Mr.'PoppIeton had said) and then you may apply it to us. But is it ; which gives to. the right hand of American not altiys true that those who participate in manhood the ballot, which does not logically " the first results of anv cr reat r)or,u)ar mnvnmoyxt are those who carried it (in to r.nnsnnminf mn 9 give it to womanor, if it denies it to woman " would not exJude men therefrom. If these doc Was it the fallen women who first raised this trines mean, anything they mean as much for demand for the ballot ? Nay; it wU3 the me as for any man. I am a person I was bom Lucifctia Motts, and not Cho Magdalcns of within the jurisdiction of the United States, Riiladelphia who began th movement, and "It was not the Hagdalens of New York and of .and . subject to it and to that of the state in "which I reside. The xjoston wno rainea accfit lAicreUa 3lotts; but passes by my whatever wa? at that time host in wnmnnlv mT. property no more than any male citizen; I am -ture nd character, and Iater-wh- at amenable'to'thecriminal laws the same a3 any wa3 best in citizen! oeial fx)sition-the- se malefellow The wemen of every state it has been who have and city are citizens on the street, at the police taken up tho work begun by those pure and nolile women; and to day, tjie loarned, the wise station, in the jail, even on the scaffold why and citizens not the good of the nations of Europe riso up are they on election day at the ballot-boxand lv the Logical abstractly only to pKostrato themselves at the feet of tho woman ( Elizabeth Caly Bhnton) w hose honors women of the United States have the abstract be citizens to at the polls. But everywhere abroad nro those of a Queen." And right herein Nebraska, as I find, it i3 not tho fallen men tell methat we do not live in n; world of and degraded who have come forth to welcome abstract principles; but that in this concreto me. What excuse have the women to give world it is not what-i- s right, hut what is exwho come late to our meetings ? --They como pedient jjthat" must decide tho fate of every not from wicked orgies, but from gatherings of new measure. Now that which is right is, by the Christian temperance women, from meeits of and righteousness,: expedien t; necessity ting of Sundav school teachers, from enmmif- naught can be expedient which in itself is not tees wdll exbasis meet of local literary clubs these are the women of you on the right. But I who arc doinor the work for sufTrno-o- find fnr pediency alone.: I will consider such objections as I have encountered only in Nebraska. equality before the law in Nebraska (great apmore in and much Indiana men' are plause.) But granting that bad women come: prolific I have learned from one of our even- men m objectnshan-Nebrask-a genious "MnTTJouGAR (interrupting): Mrs. Sewall, ing papers that even bad women have a very Nebraska of I think, underratesthe capacity elevating effect upon public men. - y wa3 " Ladies' Day" in our police court; and this here only ten days; men, because sho informs me that the judge appeared on in as I have found them quite prolific - objecthis occasion with a clean dickey and collar ! tions as Indiana men. - (Laughter.) (Lau ghter). Nowif bad women have such aif" . Mns Sewall. .Well, be that as it nmy, effect encounon your judges what may wo not expect have here are some of the arguments I of them on community at large? But Thave tered. The first is, that a class not having the heard a most profound reason nhy bad women physical strength toZexecute thelaws should. will alono cometo the pollsbecause, I am told, strikes tho me that Now it not make them. tho cood women won't ! Bht what do the re gentlemen, who produced this objection could cords show concerning those who ask for the nnf. with verv crood effect have carried a musket. It must have been originally made r ballot ? A couhtrvThere are iust three who declnrn "that nis zist or mother's his expense') they will net vote; while in tho long lists of by birthday party (at women engaged in works of philanthropy, a man who had passed his allotted three score and ten. But this is a republic in wlh'ch we charity, and "moral reform, not one' najnejip tes of is a pejttsj-irrrojive,. and jyhat tho; meaning rcpuhlic? rests not on everywhere, the women who were foremost in It every good work. But, says- another, the physical strength alone, but' purely and solely on" majority opinion; To make a republic ignorant women will vote. Ah, thi3 13 distreshumanitv must be developed sufflciently to re sing! it is agonizing! But where, will ytju inneeds on Nebraska's books form me, is the spect the right of opinion. The republic ' of-ou- per-suasio- n, '' . - 1-Ex ; -- r and-qneir-ce -- -- WTHOTTT de-ir- . -- : 1 "physical statistics of the war tvia'nr tho volumes ofwhich are issue'd show at the "be-'ginning out of every 1,000 men called' on to bear arms 278'Nvere exempted; while m the plater stages of the war, after the firsf enthusiasm had paed, and the government proceeded by draft, o85 out of every thousand were cxempt-cbeginning to end orT account of physipal capacity. If this rule were, applied then it would disfranchise one male elector in every three. But there is another ' page in military service that .which records the deeds of women who throughout the' war Mrs. May Wright 'SewalJ, of Indianapolis, chairman of. the executive committee next J ivexed lanladdress wMch-f- or 1 . OF MRS. MAY SEWALL. thatJltne53;rF-- w fa-c- t bie-to ADDRESS s- 1 ing -- . , the-adjoin- However m the papers and complimentary to and on bur question, we personally are grateful to the jut editors and feel that they love; justice and 'hatehypocmy ' -- FKOM OMAHA TO ATCII ISON. 7-1- thgoxd " and .tl&h, except for.- its" pre rvatioa a tim iadef we" of America :'havefbuglit 5t cat by phv leal strength: But, tlicjgh tha4bs .K,i:fit stilLa" stay any longer in this beautiful butlhe beg.t of friends must part, and socity at .1210 a.m., at the grand station at Atchison we bade a sad adieu to our beloved friends, and took the night train for Omaha so as to lose no time, arriving at 8 a.m., and at 12.15 took the Union;Pacific: : Omaha on the Missouri Pacific the roadjruns through the at railway, most" beautiful country scenery. is thickly peopled and" shows great enterprise and wealth, but tho quiet of the country was especially restful, and the season gave almost perfect touches lo the beauty of the landscape as we sped along. Here and there were towns 1 Ml -- out wnat ana1 villages, pieasea u3 most-wathe- scenery, thc soft graceful" willows by the .1 i quiet murmuring nvuiets, tne variety ol colors more perfect than the picture of an artist, on. the hills, the pine walnuts) elms, hickory and-.- . powerful oak trees, all luxurious in foliage and variegated as Joseph's coat of many colors." The . ilaniing sumach in the distance with its : royal purple berries in such heavy bunches, and the, elder berries in magnificent blue clusters, added much to tho glorious charm of the miles upon miles of woodland." Then again :J there would be acres" of cornfields and of sugarcane, fully ripe, richly glowing in the sunshine. As we neared Atchison, the scenery was more diversified with hill3 and woodland and o.f course more beautiful to one accustomed to mountainous districts; one tries to. see ' all and look on both sides. Atchison is beau-- 1 tifully situated on - the Missouri river and is a great railroad centre where you can take trains East, West, North or South. There is some-thin- g over 17,000 inhabitants, and the city is growing rapidly. Newspapers published there are as brimful of news and politics a3 in Omaha, Chicago or New York. Our time was occu-pie- d in visiting relatives, and therefore we had little chance to make observations on what we saw; we went to the city reservoirs up on the inn tops ana near to the oak groves; also to : the Oak Hill among tho graves. - It is pleasant tocemetery be in the woods, and we dead conscious of their sur- were the thought roundings, it would be most agreeable to lie under the giant oaks, where sheltered from the , storm and wind, and away from the bustle of the great bu3V town, rest passive and quiet: among the shrubbery and flowers of the hills. .but the dead are not there, only the mortal part, but the immortal has cone to regions of light and knowledge, but the spirit if permitted to watch over the body i t has left will re- TIT joice that the remains the casket, lie3 so pleas .. antly and peacefully. One of, the things of which Atchison boasts is 'the bridge over the Missouri river, ono which you may ride or walk or sail under. It took a whole year to build it and it is certainly a magnificent structure. It i3 of wrought iron, rectangular truss, stone piers; the bridge is used for highway and rai Iway triffic and sidewalk for travelers. It has a drawn span 328 feet long; giving 100 feet clear water. f here are four piers and two abutments. The pivot pier circular 46 feet injliajnatr 2lher three 101125x52 at the base9x2G feet. at the lop. It is said to be the finest on bridge the river. Churches, there are many. Ihe Catholic church and convent are mami- iiccnt and grounds most highly cultivated are a great adornment to the city. Many other elegant Churches, Academies and residences, fine hotels and business houses. We were interviewed there by newspaper rerHbly Tiring-- lieved in the practice -- - , manage. were; quite ,eourtedus s - thought it who . j -- tax-pay- er ? . - . to-da- y - To-da- has-bee- re-po- n - . rnJUhiterary- " -- - ahs-a-government"wnicn - ' stue rt -- " ' . 