WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Mt&V my mind. It Is quite probable that this- tlflng they have so carefully begotten andnourWhed Into life and action, will some day attain ch proportions as to astonish Its fathers and give them good reason to tremble before Its face. They have made a national affair of persecut ing American citizens for religion's sake; are we going back to the dark days ofLAnclent Rome ? We will try and hope not indeed. What they have done brings to my mind a little circumstance I know. A strange cat had got under the house, the children were earnest in their endeavors to get him out, but at last all their plans failing, a dear lltt'e boy exclaimed In his zeal, "Oh, if we only had a cannon we would blow the house down, then we would get him our." Now these law makers in their zeal to get the Mormons out, forgot or ignored the fate of their own house, and having a Cannon there they blowed away and if they didn't blow their house down, they seriously fractured the foundation, bo that the wise men can see that its ultimate fall Is to be feared; for now the trick is made and any other party who hapreh to be in power can make other tricks to accomplish their own pro. Jecta. It Is a shame and sorrow to' the whole nation only understood it, that any Senator should stand up in the halls of Congress where truth once prevailed, and speak such cruel falsehoods as the lion. Mr. Hazleton did, and bring up for testimony against us the lies of those 'three miserable judges whose business here seemed to be to try to drive our people ta do some violent act so as to get an excuse to send an army to destroy us, and failing in this they went back and howled like disappointed wolves. No wonder the Holy Bookdisappeared when such, things were countenanced inthe halls of Congrefs,where truth and wisdom should be found. Rs doctrines are denied and opposed there, and Its staunches t advocates and believers reviled and handed over to persecution, of course It was only a mockery for it to be there any longer. I take it as about such an pinen as when before the siege of Jerusalem vke great gate of the Temple opened apparently Jof itself, and a voice said, "Let us Jf they deart. I I can saythat this unjust and ciuel law will have Uie effect to rouse the ttaints to live their religion, and call on the Lord more diligently than they have for rome time; I ftar that we, some of us at least, were getting raf her negligent, , but I for one feci quite roused. Shall my breth-- . renand sister whom I know to be as good morally anoTevery other way, as any men or women that are living on the earth, to belied and persecuted for obeying the comandmehts of tho God,of the ancient Prophets and Patriarchs, and I bo at rest in Zion, and feel indifferent became ray husband ha never married any other wife be&ides me? Noj God forbid P Sisters let us call on the Lordly night and by day, to protect and preserve our btethren and sisters, andf that He may gtvAikUgthqual to cur day, that we my ras trueahVhonorably through all trials our Heavenly Father sees fit for us to pass through. God wiIl4truJy hear 'tis, if we strive with our might to live faithful. i would advise every vwoman in this Church ft who la desirous for tho snreadfff ih f rn'th. in rave all tho papers in frhiclf is printed President Taylor's discouree at the closing of the last Gen-trConference, let not one copy be wasted, but send them to your relatkmsantf friends, who live iu other placrs, cjr even to srangerp, they may do much gpd; "aLor any. papers dr pamphlets, or small light bocks ;which havi in them accusations of cur enemies and our able and truthful defenses, also these that teach the prial nce of the Gospel. - Lat us be as much on the alert to vindicate ourselves as certain officious, but mistaken ladies, Ignorant of the trutb,have been to malign us; they have exerted themselves to the utmost to have women as virtuous as themselves, ag true wives, and as fond mothers, discarded by their husbands, deprived of their homes, regarded as outcasts, and their little children, whom the Father loves as much as He does their i own, cast forth as illegitimate without a father 'a care. Would these kind ladies care if the poor things died of starvation and hunger, as many children do who are born out In the great civilized world ? How can they be so cruelly virtu- fiff'W Ao , V ,ll menwhen they well know that every daughter born to them has to run the risk of being con taminated on account of the condition of tl world. There Is many a lost, abandoned woni in the land, who came from as, honorable, as tuous, as respectable a family as any of these' if 7parted this at Clover Flaf, Grass ValletfJI Mute County, at o'clock p. m., on the 2ndM of May, 1882. A heavy cold, termlnat. life 1 inefth severe pains in the breast and bowels wig&e cause of his sudden demise. For many yeiufc he had been a great sufferer from frequent icksof sickness, but for the last year of his be enjoyed better health than perhaps dar- any former year. jp 'i 'Deceased was the eldest sob of John P. and 'hod a Y. Greene, and a nephew of the late Pre- fsldent Brlgham Young. He was born December 22nd, 1814, In Cayuga County, New York; and became a member of the Church In 1831; was numbered mong the intimate and faithful friends of the Prophet Joseph RmltH, and hss ever been an able teacher, both In avords and deeds, of the true religion of Jesus Christ. From an early date In the history of the Church, he held the position of a High Priest; and was ordained a Patriarch In 1873, In which calling he has ministered with power and the tikjoif ing and consolation of many in Zion. He was the father of eighteen children, nine sons and nine daughters, and of these, six sons n and six daughters, with many and are living, to whom he leaves the priceless legacy of a most exemplary career and spotless reputation. Brother Evan M. Greene, was well known among the Latter-da- y Saints, whose burdens and labors, privations and trial", he has valiantly shared, almost from the beginning, and among whom he was universally respected and be. loved. in efficl-ency,- to The monogamous system of marrlrge wag or r'agan Home, and nursed by Christian e.It has deprived thousands of Columbh air of home and nds daughters marriage, s tf who sleep in untimely graves are the a system that countenances In man thFrht to his destroy woman, and cast off her pffg own flesh and blood. In many insijj this has led to the crimes of which weire in the In the daily papers, that transpire so frequel IB are too large cities in the world. These thl he crying dreadful to contemplate these ar 1 or evils iiio nmeteenin century lurallty of a powcr- wives. Theee are the evila whicl ful eradicator. rho worked l nave been tola by a woms il on Ward' three years as a nurse at the H Island, N. Y.. that a person weak be tuprlted to see how many poor fatherless almost moth- eriess bates are born in a my) it the lying-i- n II die. Strange ward; and that they near! isn't it? But I suppose thiyican't help It, the babes I mean; she said th Jrjittle coffins were to be seen almost any dayranged on the beach waiting for the tide to pfeithem away till the ?hls was over twenty sea shall give up its dead years ago; those who 11 re near that place can have the opportunity w owing whether It Is so now, but I suppose t worse, because there . are more peopie man hei were then. If we had a'l th Ings it Is probable, we should not be accue flying in the face of civil- muni tiea of any size, and ization.forall civilJ many civilized injij iduals have skeletons more eta. If you don't be or less uae uiis in Jieve intake the! onyfdf jvir. Taimage; ne,i as is mtfchlagalnst us as any ne, so of believe, course they wilbeyWilling to believe him. One thine more. filAonor to the lust and noble minded 8ena nmho boldly ana bravely iook or of our sacred and glorious their stant Constit ami would not sanction u:e Degin- tntr nf ta a atructlon. "TheConstltution cf our country wi lejt is hom.red and obeyed, Is Indeed of American liberty, regardless trie of creed of, and these honorable gentlemen i.. .. will livoYlo: fg enough to be glad they too tne did, .when they would not allow stand tor them?' vef be beaten Into wrong by popular e thank our Heavenly Father there clamj such men left yet. are . .. ; Jemima E. Stookey. Crtek, Utah, May 10th, 1S32. - 'grand-childre- great-grandchildre- OBITUARY. Died, in the Twelfth Ward of this Cily,at the residence of her daughter, Mrs. Mary Ann Itoxey Aba gall beloved wife of John Mcllae, and daughter e ofJoreph and Amanda M. Pierce. Mrs. was borne in Nauvoo, 111., 1840. She was a kind and affectionate daughter, a faithful wife and mother, and a general favorite with her friends and associates. Her parents, brothers, sisters and friends, as well as her husband and children, feel deeply her loss, but they mourn not as those without hope; for she was a true Latter-da- y Baint, and died In full faith of the Gospel. Mrs. Mcllae was First Counselor to the President of tho Belief Society at Mountain Dell, and faithfully discharged the duties of her position. She was the mother of twelve children, and leaves a husband and ten children to mourn her Iosf , two having gone before. May the Holy Spirit comfort the sorrowing relatives and friends of our departed slstor, and her example ba followed by her children, that they may meet her again where there is no more parting forever. Com. Davison, May 3rd, , DEATH OF ELLDEH FV'AN M. GREEN H. lder Evan M. Greene, n hlle joumejlng from It Laka City to Escalsntr Garfield Ccunty, Mc-Ra- e, 1832, Mc-Ra- . Writh laving remembrance wo record the do mlse, on Saturday, April,, 15, 1S82, at the residence ,of her parents in the Tenth Vard,In this fclty, Edn, daughUr of Bishop 'Adam and 'Charlotte Spiers, aged yeara and 10 days. Summoned by the angel of death away from the loving arms of her afTecliotiate parents, brothers and slsttrs; she was beloved by all who knew her, and a bright Intelligent little girl. In the G Primary Association she was always punctual at her mettlng. Truly, pf such is the kingdom of heaven. CALLED HOME. n, ' , i For'lier Btroct face so dear to ercry eje, That knew and forester In tBo days gone With love too siting for veri deSlh sever: That will live on throash endldts years foreTef. y Jknnie McLean. 