a greater work, than the general public have any: Idea of, and nothing but brave hearts, clear heads, and enduring parseverance could have trough t i t, even Into its present ineipierit state,: for, as yet, It is "Indeed "only an embryo, but there are visibly the germs of perfection in it, land an energetic spirit, one of love and charity, and heartfelt benevolence has. attended its m- augurators. The dedication of th house and all its departments, which took place July 17th, la - Taylor, though suffering un- - ating. President der a heavy domestic bereavemt nt, presided, auu epoie as no ever uces, whu wjbuuiu buu kindness, giving to the institution, and to all it' his .ftnnncted with JUVVCU epeeches were to the j.omt, arid showed every ne- - pu lea i Ion rrgaidin g the h et-beat-" work on hand. . The sisters nominated to cfliciate in the Hospital were blest, and dedicated to their respective .;'r:::7 -- .i.7":.. . r ng - - m shrink frnm lavlnir rfnvcri tTiAHiirnM n!n' fft1 log ashamed that it is so small, beside the noble donations of the rich, let us remember tha word of our Savior and the plaudit He bestowed on the poor widow" when putting in her "mite" that-da- v which wflsa current-coin-and ace- The Scotch have a' proverb ''Many a nickle makes a mickle" and if the mighty masses that compose the church of Jesus Christ of Latter dAVH. olvft hnfc-n small ilnnntfnn, If will make a noble pile. There is no doubt that it will be, that it must be a grand success, for God's blessing must be on an undertaking that is for comforting and for the healing of the sick poor of his people; and the prayers and blessings of the sick in that . 1 I vin. . r TT"-- V'"i ": l rtrt a - v My mind is drawn by the subject in a retro- spective manner to the magnificient Hospital native town the old University town cf Cambridge, England; it waa-- a Hospital for a Prince.-- It was originally founded and endowed oy a gentlemsn or toe name or Auaenbrooke; and it bears his name fort ver. , Addenbrooke's supported by These words are Incontribution. scribed in colotal letters on the upper part of the building. It has the appearance of a college, a broad carriage road extends past the whole building and continues around a lovely lawn, to noble Iron gates ; opening on to the, street; a clear.: beautiful stream of water about six feet wide and probably, three deep, fed by the river Cam ruus all round the grounds and from which the house is supplied. Commencement week which is a grand time with the University, and of course a great influx of visitors, the Hospital Is -thrown open for the Inspection of the public, anil the promenade is one of the events of the week. The building is large" and spaciou?, and so perfectly clean and beautiful that until ydu are shown Into the wards, it Eeems lika Tisiting v Miei4JL yi u uyyieriu i ouye 01 ten Oara of my Hot-pltaJ- vol-lunta- t.i " ky " .xno ,- " - : ; vn 111 L re-cini- ent -- of t ii and-interesti- . iviuow smue, wm iut " itti mayvr j eiimiige, oven il" bean addition to the pile, and let such not t .. 1 j . trust, upon all who officiate In it. In air earthly undertakings m en and women areHjod's delegates, and dispensers, and I feel in this affair, our people will make this a noble demonstration. Let us all, 41 y - bo, we -- kl-. -- , 6m lla on1 "oil nnl ia linn nf 'mm find in that institution, and will e t. offices; President Taylor thro ugh all assisting, and officiating. Mayor Jennings spoke kindly, and wisely and endorsed his address withas he called it, ra small donation," which on opening! was found to bo a cheque for five hundred dol" " for-th- -- m thc lars. -fl ' - JU IBO UULU8 KIUU Jblfil, UliU Mil lUtJ- - wi -t- ed F. Smith fol- - cordial support.- - President Joseph Aulations d r faith: And full nnrmval the patients speak of the kind and efficient treatestry in our new meeting house Is completed, ment they receive there, wl th love and gratitude, and in" the future our;.,meeting3 . w551 be held foal in aro stringent and methodithprn. Wa nro'iriTiiYkirl n 'ni TaKro cal and are observed imperative? pr there could not be the exquisite erder, every where visible. 2k improvement of each other. On the 25 th When Prince Albert wa3 made Chancellor of of July, the sisters of our Society met at the ' the Univert-itand the Queen accompanied him home of our loved President, Mrs. Susan Grant, to Cambridge, they made a handsome present- on the anniversary of heToO th pit thd ay, to show our esteem for her, our appreciation of her labors Ration to the Hospital as their flisac. All notable visitors do the same. I do not remem- - as me I'resiaent or our Society. - We presented her on that . occasion with a clock, with! the b?r ever hearing a call upon the public to Increase ' I tho funds. wish expressed that "even as it may keep good Such noble institutions are an honor - to time for you, may you be enabled to keep good. any country, and speak trumpet-tongueOf the spirit, and of the religion of the people where they exist .". I feel proud That we, r poor called from time into eternity. ' Bister Scsan as we comparatively are, and young In for their kind-people by thankiLg the. sisteis i ii as a -years church, that we too have a home for nebs auuj coagraiuiauunB, one was also lue our sick and afflicted; may our united prayers of some beautiful, nresenta from her own u" daily ascend as'a peoplepjLjheBc ppor t and Iovetlt.A-Tr,ecompoiedlfor L'mthe occasion nr.-- i 'i .ut? irienu- prosperity of the same, and may we ever bear uy iuuuy aiuir, appreciaiive ut . il. - ibip the sisters felt for Mrs. Grant, was a pleasing in mind that faith . without works is dead; and' the that feature of the entertainment. Wewere joined gold and the silver Is blest only when It Is laid: out directly or indirectly to benefit the hich we by the brethren at supper. After " 7 sick and the poor, and to do good in the kingdom -or Uod. and speeches. We had a most erijoyable time. Hannah T.Kinq. one long to be remembered; and at a pretty late LETTER OF INSTRUCTION. with our associations of the day. Wishing sue. cesa to your valuable paper, and for all our So TO THE Y. I. 51. I. A. LOGAN, cietie8, I am yours in the covenant. Dear Sisters: Not being able to visit you Lucy D. Muir. Sec'y. we take this- - method of communicatincr with you. Our great anxiety Is to do all the good we can to aid you in conducting your Association; BALEI.I PRIMARY. that it may prove most successful -to all its membsTpjloLlthlshold-your- oi mis piace was xjmary Associaiion mee tings regularly, and promptly at the hour November 20th,- 1879, by Sister Eliza organized "R. Snow Smith, with one hundred and nine appointed. Whispering, "talking, laughing, or members present; Sarah D. Curtis, President; criticising, with a view to make light of the Joanna Hauka and Jarmela Taylor, Counselors; things we hold sacred, are contrary to the good of wall order regulated meetings for the worship joanna jtianKB, csecreiary , juuey ArL ay lor, Aeeistant Secretary, and Marrllla Gardner, of God, and should be studiously avoided. Correct minutes of all your meetings, the Treasurer; in the place of Joanna Hanks, Laura Is of L. Jones has been since cb osen to act as Coun purport what said and done, and the names ' ' r EClor. of tho members should be kept and recorded in a suitable book. A full and complete statistical The Association was doing well when the Pi esident moved to Arizona in the Spring of and financial report should be furnished the 1880, since that time our progress has been slow; presidency of the Stake quarterly, giving as as but with the good counsel of those over us- we nearly you can the condition of your association, number of meetings held, members in hope to continue to teach and instruct theyoung to the beat of our ability attendance nuniber of essays read, number of On June 21st, we received a visit from our chapters read in BibJe, Book of Mormon, and Stake President and Counselors of the Y. L. LI. other church wcrkr. Invite all the young ladies also young married i3 IMURI ! OUV1 ,iAOVVllWUC,- Association was then reorganized by Sister Zina IftdiesIo join you wejwould like all to take part Y. Williams assisted by her Counselors, under In tbe exercises, and endeavor to make them a8 T the direction of Bishop C. D. Evans, wi th the instructive and as interesting as possible. We would suggest that a portion of the time following officers: Laura L. Jones, President; be Jarmela Taylor and Caroline B. Lapper, CounIn each meeting devoted, to bearing a test!-- , -selors; Lucy A. Taylor, Secretary, and Gunnil mony of the knowledge you have of the Gospel, and of the great blessings we enjoy as a people. Henlng, Treasurer. During the meeting a great many encourage-in- g Encourage all to be chaste, virtuous, truthful and instructive, remarks were made by the and humble, and to avoid' the veryappearance. ; 1 of evil. : sisters, each one having something new and yy Observe the counsel of President Taylor In teresting to relate to, the children. Bishop B. Evans made a few timely and interesting rereference to dancing, and refrain from round ' marks; expressing his thanks to our Provo sisters dancing to excess. for their kind attendance, in which we all feel : Encourage Intellectual entertainment, read to Join. Singing, Benediction. .;; good boobs, ahct seek unto Gpd for wisdom to tT Jauba guide you In all you do. We bless you In go Lucy A. Taylor, Secretary. doing. Your Sisters in the Gospel. Habbiet A. PBEiTON, Pres. (Signed) SISTERS VISIT TO MORGAN Kinnie B. Cane. Counselors. ' Ida Ione Cook. The R. S. Y. L. M. LA of Morgin Stake iwas held Saturday and Sunday, July 29 and SO. Samuel Mrs. Lydia Rich presiding-Counse- lor WEST BOUNTIFUL WARD Francis and other brethren were present," Pres. Our Society ia not a large one iu point of numSmith attended part of the time, also Sisters E. of all the sisters feel but well in the work, bers, R. S. Smith and E. S. Taylor, from Salt Lake and are striving to do good. We have had to City, Tho reports were good from : the Relief contend with disad vantage in having do Society; and the young ladles' reports were very fcr" cm meeting?, tijt now the plsce CTedItaWeJned1meetlDgs were-ver-- yf, - 1 A. : : V JL ? ' - - -- C , - per-mans- nt y- 