WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 164 THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. EHHELIHE B. WELLS, Editor. Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Terms: One copy one year, $2. 00; one copy six months $1.00 Ten copies for tba price of nine. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, $&50: per month, $3, 00. A liberal discount to semi-monthl- y, regular advertisers. Exponent Office, Lower "West Room of the Council House, South Temple Street. Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. every day except Sunday. Address all buslncsscommunlcatlons to PnMIehcrJWoMAJi'B Expokxst, Salt Lake City Utah, SALT LAKE CITY. APRIL 1, 1882. SENSATIONAL STORIES ABOUT THE MORMONS. One conversant with the facts cannot help feeling astonished at the sensational Btories told of family life among the Mormons. Thete are the bugbears that have frightened the people of the United States Into compelling the rulers of the land to deal with the people of Utah as out. laws and felons. But why should not Congress pauto until disinterested men and women could have been sent to make a correct and fair inves. tlgationin the premises. What necessity was there for the desperate hurry, unless it was that there was a fear of facts coming to light that would preclude the need of special legation? No other Territory of the Republic of America is so favorably situated at the present time as Utah, or as It was prevkus to 'the patsago'of the Edmund's bill. The very fact that these have stirred up such fountains of com-plaine- bitterness here and rs enriched themselves established their various forms vrtw6;. j.WV4ia what they say of the Mcr-mo- n peoplo. They see th is little band of exiles driven without mercy into the barren wilderness growing rich, and as they Imagine powerful, and in the envy of their hearts, they cannot endure it, but want to have another trial to Fee If there in any power in the "Mormon" priesthood. cannot bear to see They this hated and despised class lift up their heads and grow Independent. They have sought in vaiD,with a few exceptions, to decoy the children of the Saint?. And they are grown discouraged hi offering the warn threadbue stories like the Bpaulding romance and others of even a more .sensational character, v There U nothing so calculated to arouse the most intense emotions of the heart of a "Mormon," as the assertion in the s of the country that "there nre no homes in Utah." In no place under tho shining un is home held more Kicred, or domestic tie more binding, and tho proportion of homes where love reigns supreme is indeedha,py 'very large To attempt tho destruction of these home sane tuatfos whero virtuo is nourished and protected and honesty, truth and uprightness inculcated! and spread desolation and misery broadcast Is the prospective work of the constructor in enforcing the Edmund' bill. To be instrumental in seeking to tear asunder thceo who have.entered into holy covenants with each other, to lend the of the loving ami devoted, to mako shipwreck of human happiness, with all the of this terrible state of affairs, no cue need envy these agents of the the rive commissioners. One pvernment, having nld-tlm- o oft-repeat- ed news-paper- heart-string- s at-tend- aut conr-cquenc-cs . heart w,J soul In Jlio matter, cannot help seriously and intently as to the outcome, of uch exceptionalpeering proceedings, by a government professing protection for alt men irrespective of religion. That the principle of plural marriage among tho Latter-da- y Saints is practiced most pcitlvly from strong religioui convictions must be well known to all who are acquainted with the individual character and home life of this people4 Were It not eo such sacrifices could not have been willingly made, as have been absolutely necessary In the establish- ment of this new departure In social ethics. It is not the most pleasant thing to be "hated of all men" and have ''your name cast out as evil." The passage of the Edmund's bill will be Bure to provoke, and involve other difficult questions which will sap the very foundation of the struc ture on which justice is enthrone i (if it has not already been done) and the people who have clamored and urged upon Congress this crusade agains the "Mormons," will yet have to suffer from the effects of this very precedent, they have been the means of establishing. The Mormons" are not going to be the only suflerers from the adoption of such radical laws. The sectarian priests who have been loudest in denouncing the "Mormons" from the pulpit and to the government may tremble for fear of tbg retribution which is sure to follow upon their devoted heads, now that the government has commenced legislating against one form of religion. This is only the beginning but what shall the end be ? Who can tell ? The Latter-da- y Saints can endure oppression from the hands of their enemies even unto death if need be,bnt Zion will be established in the tops of the'mountains, and the Lord in hia own due time will make bare his arm in defense of this people I EDITORIAL NOTES. The Annual Conference la near.atand, and it will probably le one of the most interesting and remarkable Conferences that has ever convened. The important era of time in which we are living will make an impression upon everything connected with the Latter-dawork, mere is no doubt but the people will make a great effort to assemble from all parts of the Territory. y Dr. Ellen B. Ferguson, who has leen ior the past six months in New York City attending the medical and surgical clinics at Belle Vue Hospital, and the Woman's Hospital of theState of New York,is on her way home and is expected to arrive abcut Apr. 1. She wiH;commence a class in Midwifery Apr. 17th. The course of Instruction will ha practical and thorough and those desiring to join the class will please send their names to the Exponent Office as soon as possible in order that books may be procured in time. Tuition $30.00 Books $12.00. Hk.niiy W. Longfellow, the poet, depaited this, life on Friday evening March 24th, his com- plaint was inflammation of tho bowels. His name and fame are widely know both in America and Europe. His funeral was held at hia residence in Cambridge on the 27th, and was attended by many of the literati. The services were conducted by his brother tho Ilev. Samuel Memorial services were held in Longfellow. Harvard College the same evening. - This great, est of American poets was born in Portland Maine, Feb. 7, 1807. As a boy he himself in literary pursuits and at distinguished fourteen entered Bawdoin college and graduated with honor in 1825. Fifty years after in lS75-ar- and reun ' Ion of the old professors and classmates was held at Bowdoin college and Longfellow was the poet Moraturi balatarnls was pathetic and artistic. Evangeline, Hyperion, Hiawatha, The Golden Legend, and The Spanish Btudentaro among he most popular of his He lived lust writings. hree quarters of a century, but his works are immortalized as are those of every true" poet. On Friday March the 17, was the Fortieth 7 Anniversary of the organization of the Relief Society in Nauvoo by the Prophet Joseph Smith, it was also the anniversary of the birthday of Sister Elizabeth H. Goddard cf this city, and the two anniversaries were kept at ttister G'a. house in an appropriate manner. The invited guests assembled at three o'clock p. m. and at four o'clock sat down to a bounteous repast. Bishop M. At t wood pronounced the blessing. The only gentlemen present were Bishop Attwood and Bro. G. Goddard, but there were twenty or more representative ladies. After supper all assembled in the parlor and the question was asked, how many were there In the roDm who were present in Nauvoo at the first organization, when It was found there were only two, Sisters Sarah M. Kimball and Bathsheba W. Smith. Several others there had been members of the Society but not present at the organization. Sisters Kimball and Smith related some incidents relative to the subject, and Sister Phebe Woodruff gave a chapter from her experience, Sister M. I. Home also spoke of the many trying scenes through which she had passed with the Saints. 81ster Kimball read from the diary ofJoeoph Smith his views concerning th& Relief Society, its object and the manner in which the meetings should be conducted. The evening was fpent in intelligent conversation upon tho principles and practise of the reSaints and alrelt the ligion of the Latter-da- y had a been day pleasant one. During the evenBro. Goddard, and others sang somo favorite ing hymns Sister Goddard may well be satisfied with thaday, for although it was stormy without, which hindered Sister El:za R. 8. Smith and others from attending, yet the occasion was an exceedingly pleasant one, and we wish Sister Goddard not only many happy returns of tho day but joy and happiness here, and eternal happiness hereafter with those she loves in the mansions of glory. SISTER3-- OF WHOM SHALL WE BUY. & Thero is more in this question than a casual observer might think. The politiclal, civil and social rights of the entire peopleare threatened; that there is a deep;iaid scheme to rob us of all these no careful observer will deny. Polygamy is the ostensible bone of contention, the attack is (seemingly) made up-othis institution alone. Because of this, our fathers, husbauds, brothers, sons, as well as ourselves (who have entered into these relations) are to be disfranchised, denied not only the right of office but even the right to cast our vote for those who might bo our choice for office. Tho people who came here first and took the initiative iu determining the question (for it wa8 a questionj'of inhabiting this mountainous rezicn and demonstrated not only the possibility but me practicability of such Inhabiting; the Sires, : reMatrons, And their children who are y warded with comfortable home. hMnfffnl card- ens and orchards, fields yielding i.lehtlfuliy and surrounded with the comforts of life generally; after a period of nearly thirty-flv- o years of exper- ment, toil, hardship, privation, want and more than once, threatened famine havo hwnmfl the envy of hungry cormorants, who love to feed upon that which i3 already provided: these are politic withal; " we will do nothing." thev say, but what the law allows, justifies and warrants. We, ouer you women and children of these wicked polygamlsts protectkm under the law. freedom from matrimonial covenants entered into under Mormon administration, for these are unlawful. WeJwIH place you upon a higher: plane;than that you now occupy; you shall become like ufito ot. Leave the practices of barbaric ages and accept n to-da- - 