W O MAN'S of the advanced civilization of the nineteenth Century. In Finding the Statu to book;wantlng some particulars for the accomplishment of this laudable to object we have obtained Special Legislation enable us to carry out our pure intentions toward you and trust you will readily acquiesce; failing in which we shall be compelled to execute the law by inflcting the penalties which it provides, by means of this special legislation. 1 Who are these that thus coax and threaten in one breath; to what society do they belong? We wonld like to know them. Oh I these are Ministers of the gospel, of the meek and lowly Jesus, and Federal officials, appointed by the government sent as the servants of the people to watch oyer their interests and see that their rights are held sacred; members of the legal profession whose only 'aim should be fight and justice Merchants s top ! I have seen t he highest o fcial of a State pledge his own honor and the faith of his state to protect the life of tho Prophet . of God, (Joseph Smith) I have seen that honor sacrificed, that faith broken and foul murder follow. 1 have seen the luminaries of the law drag in the mire their high attainments in trying to tear truth from its foundations and to stamp up-n-n Inniwnrtu th fnnlest crimes. I have fieen the learned divine rave and foam at the mouth when defeated In fair argument by the unlearned Elder, and baveheard said divine advocate all sorts of wicked and unlawful things to be vis-ited upon his successful antagonist: but the Mer- chant you surely must be mistaken,for it would , be against his own Interest to make common cause with these you have named and others. Let me assure you then, I am not mistaken, for in this special legislation I have named whiie the Merchants may not have been aa clamorous as the rest, they havo stood Idly by and when asked to sign a petition to nave investigation made of, these most false, foul aud corrupt charges fgalnst the people of Utah; before such special legislation was enacted, havo almost universally refused and thus stand upon the same platform as our avowed enemies, That they have sought our trade 'tis. true, have tried to suit our taste and fancy is also true; but this was to their pecuniary advantage for have we not paid eeur money for all they have let us have? Yes; to the tune of millions, and more promptly perhaps than the; same number of jjeople of any other class would have done in all Christendom, for Is not Mormon nonesty Jn Then wo owe them no- ftfthtii -w MVW vw rrnvfrhinl? YJ thing; absolutely nothing: for if an equitable balance were declared it would show the Odds in their favor aa their enlarged show rooms and mammothfctores testify,as well as their generally improved flnancial.condition. They have now drawn the dividing line,- we did not do it. Hail we been left alone we might still have bought of them and thty sold to us those who have already grown r ich, upon Mormon patronage might have become richer and others might have followed in the'r wake. But now "Of whom shall we buy ?" Let every mother and daughter in Israel answer this question for herself. More than a Century ago woman made commoncause against her oppres-eer- s: let the daughters of these noble women (of whom tah can boast a very large share) follow their examplft in at least one particular, "To not give succor to the Enemy V The line has been drawn; they having defined it, let us respect the mark they have made. : "Of whom shall we buy V? Hereafter only of him or her who we know to be our'frlend, the friend also of right, truth, justice and of God. ; - t. - , 'CP : Aunt Ruth. . Masa meeting of the People's Party, at the , City Hall to-da- y. : 165 NEW YORK LETTER. -- , E X P 0 N E JN T . three months I have spent In the Woman's Hospital of the State of New York studying the Diseases of Women, under the most eminent gynecologists of the present day. In this department I have had large opportunities for practical work, as well as clinical instructions under Drs. Emmet, Gaillard, New York Mar. 14 1882. Editor Epxonent The suspense Is over and both Houses of Congress have declared their de- termination to put'down Mormonism,even if It be at the expense of a violated Constitution Practically they have said that Mormons have no rights that Governments are bound to respect Their motive is not to promote virtue, puritj , good order, morality andreligion. If these were their desires, they would find quite enough work nearer home work that would tax all their legislative power to accomplish. The agitation is "not made by the people. Most of them know but little about the Mormons, and trouble themselves far less about either their social or religious pecularltles. The politicians and the clergy are the prime movers in the matter. The former, because they know that a fearful social and financial crisis is near at band, and they desire to divert the attention of the people from the irrepressible conflict between Capital Monopoly and Labor, which will very soon produce panic more serious than any .that have preceded it, and therefore they cry "Mormonism Polygamy-Do- wn with Mormonlsm." The clergy Join in the cry with migbt and main for almost the same reason. Like Demetrius and the silver smiths of Ephesus, their craft is in danger. The triumph of Mormonlsm, which Is the triumph of the Gospel of the new and everlasting covenant, is the death blow to Sectarian Christ- Thomas, See and Bozeman, men who have no superiors among the professional talent of this country, and who have attained a worldwide reputation for surgical skill and pathological reseach In gynecological medicine. And now that my work is done and I am about to turn my face homeward 1 feel as if for the first time I dared to give vent to my feelings .and indulge In a desperate home longing. The thought of returning to Zion, of reunion and association with the people of God and enjoyment of the blessings and ordinances of the Lord's Hemic fills my heart with Joy. My association with the people of the world made me feel more than ever thankful that I am a Latter-da- y Saint, and I pray to be kept humble and faithful unto the end. May the Lord bless Zion and comfort His people, over rule all things for the good of His Church and kingdom, until He comes whope right it is to reign, Love' to all from yours truly. Ellen Ferguson. IN MEMORIAM. With loving remembrance we record the demise of another Veteran in Israel Sister Jane Tucket t who departed this life March 10th 1882, after an illness of one week, at the residence of her son in the 11th Ward, Salt Lake City, at the advanced age cf 86 years 9 months and 7 days. Deceased was born in East Grinstead, Sussex, England, July 3rd 1795. She was baptized Into SalnU the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y in London May, 1848. Emigrated to Amerira ia ttm nip jsernn in isif), passing through New Orleans, remained in St. Louis five years. Crossed the plains In Moses Thurston's company In 1855 and became one of tho pioneer settlers in Spanish Fork, also St. George, Utah where hhe buried her only daughter. She was a woman of remarkable energy and retained rU her faculties to the last moment, conversing freely of her exit to the life beyond as one would speak of .an expected pleasure trip, consigning various articles to the caro of her friends as tokens of remembrance. Death had lost all its terrors .and hIio earnestly dosired to enjoy the rest promised to the otodient and faithful; she had finished her useful careen was satisfied with life and counseled her children to live tho religion revealed through the Prophet Joeeph Smith, and prepare thempelvea to receive a fulness In the celestial kingdom of God. She only clung to life until she could eee two absent eons who had been summoned to her side, only one of whom arrived In lime to see her pass away without a struggle. Her life was devoted to ministering to the sick and needy and many will have cause to remember her kindness with deep gratitude She was the mother, of seven grandchildren, and leaves four sons, thirty-on- e n a wide and children, five great circle of friends. She died as she had lived, a true Latter-da- y Balnt, with the assurance of a glorious resurrection. Her funeral was largely attended In the Hth, Ward meeting honse March 10th, when the remains of a good woman a most devoted mother and true friend were quietly laid to reet to await the resurrection of . ianity. The hireling pritsts of modern Babylon who preach for hire and divine for money are in every respect like the Pharisees of old they "have taken away the key of knowledge' and have neither entered in" themselves nor permitted others to enter In who would. And if an In. dividual or newspaper, more independent than the rest, dares to utter one word in behalf of Justice and fair p!ay,Constitutional and religious liberty, the cry of "Mormon sympathizer!! Polygamistl !" is immediately raised to intimidate them into silence. One incident will fcervo to show how Ignorant the masses cf tho people are. A prominent society lady In New York said to me a few weeks ago that she had always supposed that the Mormons were a tribe o Indians who had given the Government a great deal of trouble by killing and massacreing white people who traveled that way. When I showed her the views of pur city, and gave her the articles of faith anil a newspaper to read, she was amazedi I could relate many incidents of this character : which I have met with during my stay here. I should have been very pieced, could I havo commanded the time, to have been a more regular correspondent, but my medlca and surgical work has been fto continuous and absorbingjthat I have not had a momeut to spare for any thing outside of It. Though' New York abounds with opportunities of culture In every department of art and eclenee, and under other circumstances I should ha e deeply appreciated them. I determined that nothing should interfere with my entire devotion to the course of study I had marked out for mytelf before ceni ing here. I feel gratefully to acknowledge the hand of God In opening up my way an J enabling me to accomplish even more than I had ever anticipated. During the first three months my time was almost entirely occupied at Belle Vue Hospital, attending the 'clin'cal lectures, and in Dispensary work in the out door deparment where I made a special study cf diseases of the None, Throat, Lungs andlleart, examining and week. treating from forty to fifty patients every The knowledge and experience that I have would more gained in thia department alone than repay me for mytfIsit. "The remaining B. grand-childre- the Juft, . I . : 'IJouru not tho dead who peaceful lay Their weariedlbodles dawn: . Vno leave th frill and mortal clay , To seek a fadeless crown." ' i " Lillie , ., F. Freeze. 