WOMAN! 1G - , - i...fe.r r rr "t- .' J"T- L vv andc; J" - -- there ina)thoughts the less light this certainly reflects much "discredit on writers and readers of fictitious literature; who give so much: of their time vand: thoughts" to, nonsense, ; JosephlSnMjIUHaii whateYeLprin ciples of intelligence we attain unto in this lite, it will rise with U3 in the resurrection. And if a in person gains more knowledge and intelligence this life, through his diligence and obedience, than another, he will have so much the advanin the world Jo come. ' tage God further says, '.'Seek not for riches but for wisdom," and behold the mysteries of God shall be unfolded unto you and then shall you be eternal life is made lich. is - . - or happiness; ior lnthencomraan'dmeiits G odz necessignifies his will that we should have saries, and something to spare, ibr bur tithing was to beof oursurplus properties," and it is not right thai any man" shouldbeln Bpn3agc one to anotlier. Doc. and Coy. It is wisdom from the foregoing that our exaltation behind ,the vail (when preceded by a pure life liere) is in accordance with our intelligence, hence lliosc who die ignorant, though equal Jin purity,- a far less degree of happiness there; for as intelligence 33 the glory of God it follows that the more we possess the more ourglory will -assimilate to his, and .we cannot any way take with u s earth v riches, hence our knowledge ana wisaom is ail we can jay ciaim loirom this side, so it is all our wealth when we reach that. Though we have no contempt for money, for a portion is absolutely necessary to the acquirement - of knowledge, of- - winch a good share is' obtained by reading the "best books;"" "gek learning even by study and also by faith," Doc. and Gov., and "you shall live by every word that proceedeth forth from the mouth of r God," Doc. and Gov. page $5. ambition of saint The highest js to beevery come like Jesus Christ, as we. are to be joint : heirs with him. we learn that intelligence the From foregoing - ia glory, and is"-- essential - to 1 future - happiness; then the question arises, which is the best possible way to gain it? Intelligence is spirit, embodied, mind, skill, understanding or knowledge, which implie3truth ascertained, information, ' " .. learning. Desire spiritual gifts, 1st Cor., xiv chap. "Every good gill and every perfect gift is from above, and cometh , down from the Father of lights, with whom is ' no variableness, neither shadow of turning." James 1st chap., 17th verse; and they arc instituted for "the perfecting of the saints" Eph. 4th chap, for "whero there arc no visions the people perish" and "the manifestation of the Spirit is giverf to every man to profit withal." For to one is given by the Spirit tho word of wisdom; to another the word of knowledge by the same Spirit. 1st Cor, 12th chap. The Lord told Joseph Smith that to those that, feared Him and served Him in truth and righteousness to the end, to them He would re- - 7 veal all mysteries, the wonders of eternity; they should know "their wisdom shall be great and their understanding reach to heaven for by my spirit will I enlighten them" and make known unto them "things which eye has-noseen, iior ear heard, nor yet entered into the heart of man." Jesus Christ says: '51 am the spirit of truth," . and truth is knowledge of things as they are, and'aFlhey were, andas they are to"cme. Doc. "and Gov. page 245. - Jesus Christ received not a fulness at first,r but- continued from r vvv. iu ifw crrace until fulness. received "Tho. a he , of truth is vof God." Prest. Brigham Young said, "Every "member has the right of receiving revelation' for K himself, both male and male. It is the vtry life of the church of the living God in all ages of the world." ' ' pl ished,T67JaTbeyp our own common unaided ability; that were we assisted by this power and benefited by the experience of those who have gone before; through . y 1 , ' - ... . - , t -- a . -- 1 V DRY GOODS, HEAVY : & WANTED. SHELF HARDWARE, GLASS & QUEENS WARE, ; i , MENTSETa,: Of Salt THE XiAB IBS Late ', :" Qfty usA vfclnltrTrfll find the "LARGEST and iiESr BELECTBD STOCK of. , , BO OTS , S H OES & S LI P P E RS . Abo, full and doelrablo Lxiee, beet brands Olii ldron's obalu tho WosU the "ministryf . ati ing knowledge would bo infinitely greater, and tli rough continuing from "grace to grace", we could not fail to receive a - fulness in far less time than by our' present comparatively sjow process, . to say .nothing of the indescribable happiness felt by - the close proximity of the Holy Spirit, or the knowledge that our and our future bliss minds enhanced-b- y continued revelation from Him all "doeth that things well." ELLEN SPixLo Office Slioos, tST Tour Ordtn an &du-u,- B. FERGUSON, PHYSICIflHlHO ; were-enlighte- DEALS ilS JS ' NOTIONS, GROCERIES " r: ' WHOLESALE AXV . ItjVTAlL ' j supjera- - will-enjo- FRUITSiEJULLXtSsES DRIED self-exertio- Ik-hol-d an 8AJLT LAKE CITX' Special I)epai4menJta for Gent's Ctothlnr And - . Ladlea and Children's Bhoea, Dry Carpets, 1 Gooda, Shawls and Domestics, Orocertefc Hard' ware and Stoves. -- s evidently-me- "13.dn '"Apostle George Qr Cannon influence born with every person that to a certain extent is a spirit of revdatiop," so as we all possess - more dr";less; of. this faculty an&by- ,cultivation could no doubtevelopjt to aon siderable degree,7 then our minds would be im- preyed in regard to passing events andcnlight- eiied on alLsubjects we undertook to study or . think about. . ; Mill.' Brother Calkin, in Star, says: "The Din vine Will has ordained that the of .his creatures, rightly directed, shall be the proper source of blessings and the means to bring about their, redemption: salvation and ete rn al--e x al tatiour' Though study and practice are indispensable, any one whose mind has- been inspired to un-- demand thlng.to""mitelinjpiiation or im- or produce anything mechanical by the t)eauty the same powerwillLreadily-perceiv- e of the thing and the ease with which' it is accom- 1 -- rich' Iwiehehero EXPO NB NT . S rSURGEDH, tn Main Street, otyr lUrdy Jlroz, Stcre, Riven to Special Study has-bee- n Diseases at Women, and DiyeaseaSurgery, . of the ned THROAT AiTD LUNGS NOSE, , Ann Fellows. Xi JSl. 3FL Or 22 NQXES AND NEWS. Ofllom Made Traaks CUTLEK, Aent for' the PEOTO Constitution Uolldlnfi Good maimers are made xip of petty sacrifice? Under all thing there speech is a silence that is good for Blankets, Jlannolfi, Shawls, any- that is hotter. Silence is as deep as eternity; speech is n shallow , Llnsoys, caas' STOO JSL Ci WOOLEN iOLLS, OM aiw HOME MADE - Cbon Batting, Brown Tarns, White Yams firoamT Ootorodyarm, OaSilmerfl, Washboards, Tweed, Brushes, Eta, me. as time. Hope Is like the sun, which as avo toward it casts the shadow of our burdens us. :': t1 PALACE OF FASH202, So. journey be-"-hi- :" DtBlref the Ladioeof Salt Lake and them rtelJJnr M City, Slww Booms and ee hor New Stock ot MILLI la NEBY. J The latest and raost stylish modes of Hats and Bon- - x nets, la Straw, Jtelt and Y&vet. Alao, a nice selection In Ftowers, Feathers, Plus bus, Velvet and labbona In the latest ; shades and stripes. Country Dealers, please CalL Lftdiw' Hair Work la all its broaches. G$od Work Guaranteed ,..,- -. . Miss Lillio C. Darst was elected an alternate delegate to the Republican State Convention of Ohio. The lady is. the editor of a paper at Circleville, Ohio. The papers speak of it as "a woman's triumph." Mrs. Helen M. Slocum- P. AUERBACH & BRO. ' city, peacefully passed away on Tuesday, May 16th. Mrs. Slocum was born in Vermont, and spent her girlhood among the Green Mountains. She married in her early youth Dr. Volney G. Slocum. Her own family were Friends, to one of the best old Quakerlstocks of this country. She was brought up in the school of reform. In her girlhood she was an y ad vocatef later she took up ardent tho cause of temperance,' but she devoted the prime of her life to the advocacy of woman " : : . ' H. DINWOODEY, so- - Ex r ... , For several years past her voice has been heard at every meeting of the friends of suffrage in New York; cityjand vicinity. Her yc f,Peakbg was peculiarly earnest and impressive, her pathetie.appeals often bringing tears to the -- eyes of lier auditors: Her last speech was made at the convention held in city in diickering hall on Feb. 1st and 2cf. Ex. ciety EXAMINE the country promptly responded to. t& Addrm, David James, Box 300, Salt LaU City - of the city CALL A1TD 124 4 126 ECMSET'S colohrated LIFT and FOIICB Tr'A9J1Jtr ruMPb Pomps Ilopalred on short notice. Orders from " . MMl, Mi v.' DXTXD' JAMBS, TINNER, CAS WATER & STEAM FITTER. ' suffrage. Mrs. Slocum was chairman of the executive conimittco of the New; York Suffrage Associ- vice-preside- nt 108 '" HAVE t&" Spring and Snmmcr Goods, "fej ng ationand first -- . be-Idngi- anti-slaver- " ' lEHflfED TO of New York . EAST TEX PLE ST nd - Miss Edith Siracox is spoken of by some of thc English people as "the inheritor of the mantle that dropped from George Eliot's " shoulders." - 11 7.- m&i mi. m wmm - AfTD- - - 75, 77, '! ' " iii ritsess- ' ' ' 79, First South Street, SALT LAKE CITY' & 