151 V" . broughfan everlasting stigma upon, our finoe free and fap$rptifa American; can become, a slave, for that. spirit of independence and love of liberty which we fW$$$& , have inherited, not only from oW New bW:l'a:vJtnr.AlTit from our moth-er'- s of submitbreasis, revolts at understand ting to .slavery,- and I; wish all to that ! am. ; proud of th rTegacy, and glory in the knowledge that it has been handed down to my children. And should this be anything strange, born as they have been in the midst of persecution, with' the memory of robbings, drivings and bloodshed rankling iii our bosoms wrongs for which we have sought in vain for redress? These questions .we leave for some of " ' the wiseacres to answer. Eng-lM'ir"e- ay ht .the-thoug- - Hklkn Mir "Whitney, : R. S., Y. L. hi L A. AND PRIMARY REPORTS. . Minutes of a meeting held m the th' Ward Meeting House Salt JUke City;1 Feb. 6th, a Primary 1882, for the purpose of organizing R.EliziP bnew Smitn Association. Sister ' presiding. r rayer' lbf SisSinging by the" children; ter Home. ..SisteCEliza . asked the children if they prayed and asked blessings on their food told them that in the time of Joseph Smith, the children hid little meetings and bore testimony and had the good spirit with them. Gave some good, counsel, on obedience to those placosyer them and on politeness to1''their compahionl. She then proceedecTto organize the Society, the followjmg personawere. sustained, .as officers: Myra Winter, President;. Elizabeth (Jlark ; - FirstCounseloi Sarah PageecondCounselor; Esther T)avey SecrejKnefihe Ijjttit, Asst. Sec, Ed win, PeUi.t, Treasurer. 'Jfuinber . n enrolled as members sixtytfour; addressed-thchildren in Sister Home then a very interesting manner.; Singing blihe children. Prayer by Sister E, R. S. bmith.c E. Davey, Sec'y. : e ; - : r!" I ltthe.lieart isneglected;,and, if the, Spirit of God does not dwflirift the iear.,;jlften' wont; der what we; should jhave jegn if these, societies had not been organized,,; Let to united and put;&way every thing i tliatjftj calculated to. devide. God has placed , jyjthin ; our. reach means enough to insure, pur salyatiom Who are weT Why we are. daughters, of God I and Ionoe .heard .Joseph say thaf the least saint occupied a higher standing than k i ngs or potent-aei- jbut we all havje-t- o endure the trials of the life, baasajo;; He; would,- have a tried people If I had undetooi jglyxalMur 1 embraced itas I W tonlay,., it W94:m. would Have been no trial to me; but X ain thankful to God that his grace! was sufficient for. me, and; if there are aiy here that do not know for themselves that this principle is true, iet then seek to God for, a testimouy. God is on our s.ide jve haveV nothing;, to. fer fronvour emies they can; go o farther, than He is willing; r we.want to. ha. ve the.; peace.of God within strengthen; both body. an mind. ..Teach ypur.;ohUdren the ptmcipiei p.titlungjteah them by example;' and it wilt be a principle in teutpfninds. forever,; let t theptgrowtup in. the hbjit; pjf it, if you have.but littje gei .the; Ijless-ingrQod-upo- n it.; I would rather, have 90 ct vith the blessings of God than: . the Sl,00 without; 4ft W$ were counseled, last year, g the. jubUee year,, to lend the. grain that had been: stored up by. the;! sisters.; ;but. that cpun-se- lj jqesj nptj extend , anyi nvrher than last year. WfrgTSM go pa ;storng upour grain; as usual anplsjfteji? we.givfi pur wheat we hayp; no wore claim on it; it belongs to the Iord, if; i3 stored UP oWWV a time of famine, not to, be, .drawn out till 'the Lord commands; t is:: sacred,,,.. I . , Ird - . - : . , of 4)e-in- ; tfew6): of he hply spirit pWjf have the; , commun-iftf- l sweej to. b with cpn-tinue,a- nd to-da- rrus Meetin..idri . . . , - self-sacri-fici- ng . ; ; !;:;. aH," Amen. u& Ia mpot;. "I feel that I have ,been fed, with the hply in tf.wftSj-o- eternal life, given-b- y spiration of God, I fee . grateful; to the sisters for7 .meeting :: with to". etp, etc. Sister, ; lpuie f REPLY TO EMILY SCOTT. t; ; j f Felt f'J)y.'missiQn lies,,, more iwith (hPxhiUrea and I would entreat the mothers to send thei,r ,i . record fpr.pursplves. terfli JeJ - each one.,take vthp vExponenx. ,itQ may.be faithful, to the end.. prayer is tht S. ter'JE. ;ly ..; the .contingent the'rSlake. fuqd fa thqughfi j?aph; .society fought j mithj spokp-o- n tq:(cpntribute. 4a Jfeior jfhatfis ,heimepf a, treasureir i without i&t ; fuftdin :ish.Qp i Johnson; meeting.. fi the.siters, J:alwjiy8; feej'well paid although mapy wiHsyfX havei np, time. Have we any time of our own ? 2fp 1 ; wp; liayp not itrM;tho;rVfiilvwas;p)as, to hear the Btera speak-p- tbeaqbjeet pf; tithing; thp sifters should pav their tithmg, andpay:Jt,cpis , . IliHin . n reptlyiljfeel that we are avblessed people atjove all; other, people and may (jpjl givp iis strength, to perform. evpry duty jis myjpray.ep"; , Meeing: the--j Primary; a4oufned, until 3 Vclockr-when- il AjyAtjpM . of the td&y,z were to meet. The YpuRg;Iiadies Mutualvprpvement Asspcia-- r tions. ,tp:nieek in' he. evening.; ,; ll;c;i. . ,;.CowyBrMisaJ3; Ml urn.?,:: MOUND r.T t ' . FOX. Editor ExppNENT:u,nthe 1st, mstM a meetingwa3 held in 4the Mound Fort Schooi House for tFe purpose'of reorgahmngiheRelief Societv of the Wa"rd?and orgaiihing a Primary " ters, &&:nltdr article by Emily J)jear Scott was. read by me with i very deep interest, but'my daily duties are so pressing and I ,had so mueh confidence that otherii of reater'ability : wpuld give ther matter the attentiPn which itsr imiH)rtftnce merits,that I excused myself from .replying to it, and looked forward to your .next issue wi.th. the' .expectation of great, pleasure in reading- the able: responses jrhich 1 felt vsure would be made, But since all iyour best correspondents eem toihave been just of myjnind, I will even say a fetr words raysolf in behalf'; of our muchfabused instithtion; . though. I hope;the lady realized .thatin her shPrt epistle? she'haa askfadiquestions 'enough ithat full. and. complete, replies - would filla5 nvolumej therefore I must be content,;with only brief and partial dnswers;, atJeastfdr.therprefient ,The ocean is too tast : ,1 tor be, drained! withjmy little tin cnn. i Eirstp dear iady, bear in mind ihat we claim a'.divine.origia fort our institution of plural m'ar-riag-e; i we consider it too vast and bold a scheme for human good to havd originatod in the braid ofjnan.7 you . bbject, it ..is nothing iiew; but .a ithing borrdwed from ignorant; benighted ' ;r;'.!v-::::di i' peoples. ; ii'jv. iP.showi is as difil hope you that our plan ferent from that c'f the Eastern H&rems 03 day is from! xiight? rand people who Compare the twv ' J aco not ahvaya anxi6usi tcndd ua justice - : -- . v.-.- i s . til Assodiation.-Itllftttfndet- i n lth, iMf. v ExpoHEHTM-T-he : may ;ake a bright; iwishito say tp. my.sis-- : w BisAfER Feb: t chijdren.to 4h.c. primary, jaieetjngs,: We have the h4 a feast here this; mprningjand I pray thataim words, may sjink deep into pur hearts; my i$thp samb as yQurs,that The Relief Society held a special Conference' in Provo Thursd Hpv T. Smoot presiding.- After singing and prayer Ma Smoot made a few, excellent .remarks, and then Sister E. R. now Smith addressed rthe congregation. 1 ami thankful ffiati you and I my sisters were worthy to come forth in this dispensation, that n we are. La .. portion of . the favored ones, and rami $ibj& ftP be! associa' with the faithful? who are trying to build up Zion. Our duties are,mutiplying and will we can accomplish, we findthat y what we once thoughtiinapible.';'! thinfc we do,not search those, 8ed..boobthat Qod has wehduldJ placed within "Puf redch'as 'mticii it the Bible, Boqk ofilormon and- - J)ocirtne and Covenants could give to owletlge.to fihdl . gold, we would study them more1; if13 now. We olten wonder that we' can forget heavenly things jmd cling to that which is earthly. Go toclioJo thitfaith by which the "dead were" raised and "Ine sick were healed. We need to draw 'nearer to our God; but those things -- need not --deprive a motherfrogiX perforjnnj; hni dAijy libusfchold duties. She needs greatj faith .to form Jbeutuje, character of iier cfidrferi;:!.i lavish to speakiitoi mothers about sending their children to the need- - constant Primary. training and protection, fromthe mfluences that are creepnig into bur midst) do nofchcgieot your little ones 'mothers, let them g to their meetings, or after awhile they will not want to go. It is not of much use to educate tre head : . . PROVO. David Moore, ;and; jthew. Ailer the Usual, opening .exercises, the, meeting- - was addressed by Sjsters Richards an4 3rown, ahtkbther Moore and Stowei. Their t remarks .Sere- - r plete with wisdom, were chiefly directed. tp the young, on the importance of Primary Assocoa-tipns.an- d the duties to be performed by them ' when, they were. Organized, '.. . A Primary Association was . orgonized, with the .following officers: Ann Mary Taylor, President; Sarah Barker, and Sil va Stone Counselors; Eveline iiarker, Secretary; Ueorge Taylor' Assistant secV :Elf rida Barker, IVeas- urer,7 T; FortymineTT: members jjwereeiiroiled. Af ter some excellent remarks by Sister Stanford to the officers and members, in regard to their duties, the Primary. Association was dismissed, and the Kelief Society clPntinued in session. On account of failing health, Sister Moore, President, of the Society, felt that in her, feeble condition she could no longer attend to the duties of her office,- and therefore tendered her, resignation, Jliaving at all times found in her a wise counselor, a natiKp nobie and for( ,pthers, good and noble and willing worker in the duties pf the Society,, her resigna-to- n was reluctantly accepted. The Society as f ollows: . Annie Tayv(as. then JDiua Rollins First Counselor; lor, Preijidentii Moore Annie: J). Second , Counselor piana Taylor. Secretary; Marion Hatch, Assistant Sec. Mary U. Barker Treasurer. Kemarks were then made; by.Sistejr Ilichard3 'and Sister Moore, to the Society for the good they complimentary ' in had done? the past, and exhorting them to faithfulness in : thp future, and. the; meeting was dismissed.by singing and prayer & ; Ahnie J). Taylor; Secretary. . ibythe present on the occasion, Sister 'Jarie! 8.' sis- .were 'Richards, Pre5ient2iEWiheriBfakirefSueties, and SjteTTHarrietin?wnxhcT. first Counselor. Sister E. Y. Stanford, Counselor to the President of the Stake Primary Association!, Bishop haveidoubtles3robsf ved' through' life that men and women: are prone to see in others thejdentical weakness or 'vico whjch inmost emphatic. in themselves." For. ' instance, ' the 1 " 1 -- man ;who is conscious 'rof ? a" i ! lack-- . : of courage, ; moral or physicals cvcrieady.to acctisie others c:ci3Tfardicc; ieemingn tq think, that thus divert i attepfion'.from his'own: weak point. he-w.i-li ? AndbtKalwomani ;haBitualiyA knows; 'more kfiaira' than: her "Own, is cneighbors ndl slow to call another a busybody when occasion occurs. . about- - her jwTio 