W 0 MAN ? S , EX P 0 NE NT. 186. could only be distinguished by their eyes. Brother Rich and wife send much love to you, also Brother Hubbard and wife, and family, and all of the neighbors. Sisters Sarah Milli-ca- n and Louisa Beamen, were here yesterday and wished to be remembered to you and brethand Abigail Pitkin, ren, also Sisters Lau "for you. They say they are faithful to 'd be, they should be you promised if they Please give my partakers o your b all the Saints who and love to your quorum after me. ;We are all well except enqu' W' m, who has just got his ankle bruised t a wagon running over it; but I think the bone is not hurt. Your Journal is now in press. Nqw farewell my dear Heber, and may the Lord bless and comfort your heart in Christ is the prayer of your unworthy companion," . Vilate Kimball. The Journal which my mother mentioned as 'being la presses now at the Juvenile Instructor 'Office, where have lately sent it, and it may be in the fress, which is quite a coincidence g about forty years from the time that it was first published m Nauvoo and this was an old number found Among my father's papers. The following interesting incident was related to meby Biotkti Charles W. Hubbard who stayed with us a portion of the time during our late Conference. As is well known President Young was very sick when he crossed the Mississippi River,and was brought by a brother to the house of Heber C. Kimball, the day before they started upon their mission to Europe. jMy father was also eick with the same disease .(ague) but after the fever went ofThe climbed aipon his house and was trying to finish the .roof when his brother missionary (Brigham Young) came out to walk a little to try his strength, but in the effort fainted and fell to Jthe ground. Father not having strength to ilift him, .called to brother Charles W. Hub-foarwho lived just across the river, to come and assist him in bringing President Young into the house; where, after placing him upon the bed, Hief .administered tn him And again ' he recovered. Bro. Hubbard said that father followed him to the door, as he started for homeland said "Charley I doubt very much if Brigham ever rises from that bed;" but had no sooner uttered the words, than he spoke up as with another voice and said, "He mall live and start upon his mission with me tomorrow ' morning;'' and sure enough they did start the next morning, as (I think) no other missionaries ever did, and they performed the work for which they were sent, as the following from the I be-:in- : d, Prophet Joseph's History will show. . "All the quorum of the' Twelve Apostles who were expected here this season, with the exception of Willard Richards and Wilford Woodruff have arrived. " "We have listened to the accounts which they give of their success, and prosperity of the work of the Lord in Great Britian, with pleasure. They certainly have been instruments in the hands of God, of accomplishing much, and must have the satisfaction of knowing that .they have done their duty. Perhaps no men 'ever undertook such an important mission tinker Buchlxailiarly distressing, forbidding and 'rcumstanccs, Most of them, unpropitio this place, nearly two years ago, whenthey were worn Trn with sickness and disease, or were taker ckon the road. Several of their re also afflicted, and needed their families aid ard port. But knowing that they had - . " been called by the God of heaven, to preach the Gospel to other nations, they conferred not with flesh and blood, but obedient to the heavenly mandate, without purse or scrip, commenced a journey of five thousand miles entirely dependent on the providence of that God who had called them to such a holy calling. "While journeying to the seaboard, they were brought into many trying tarcamstaiioes. After a short recovery from severe sickness , and have they would be taken with a relapse, to stop among strangers, without money and without friends. Their lives were several times other despaired of, and they have taken each time by the hand, expecting it was the last flesh. they should behold one another in tfce Notwithstanding their afflictions' and trials, the Lord always interposed in their behalf, and did not suffer them to sink into the arms of death. Some' way or other was made for their needed escape; friends rose up when they most thu3 and them, and relieved their necessities, and they were enabled to pursue their journey rejoice in the holy one of Israel. They truly went forth weeping, bearing precious seed, but have returned rejoicing bearing their sheaves with them." What, but religion could have prompted the Apostles and Elders of this Church, to leave their homes, wives, children and every earthly tie, taking their lives in their hands, as they did, to go forth into the world without purse or scrip,which they have done from the beginning Mil the present time ? The Elders of this Church have never preached for hire, no nor have the poor, whom they have converted and gathered to Zion, ever been shut out from the congregations, because they were unable forsooth, to pay for a pew,or to make a display, of the latest and richest styles of dres3 and bonnets etc.; hit the rich and poor have fared , alike; though many, because of prosperity, have become lifted up in the pride of their hearts, and seem io have forgotten the Hand that led them forth from the darkness, ignorance and bondage, in which they were held in their native lands, making them a free and happy people,and have sought with far greater energy for the wealth and honors of the world, than for tho love of the Father who giveth or taketh away, as seemeth Him good. But they are not the one who will come up in remembrance before fiim,for He says "Blessed are ye poor for yours is the kingdom of God." "But wo unto yau that are rich for ye have received your consolation.'' Wc readthat our Savior was lowly, uneducated, and much poorer in worldly circumstances, than was Joseph Smith the Prophet, and his friends and associates (according to history) were also of a poorer class, simple in their ways and habits, aiffif He "had to sink below all things, that He might rise above all things," then how can any one else expect to be exalted or to dwell with Him in the eternal 'worlds, unless they are willing to follow in his footsteps; to be humbled, chastened, scourged and afflicted, and endure all things? For He says "I will have a tried people,', and MWhom the Lord loveth He chasteneth and Bcourgeth every one whom he receiveth." The chaff must be sifted out. The allurements which are thrown around us are very great andu so dazzle the eye, that unless we keep a faithful guard over ourselves holding on to the Iron Rod, we are in great danger of being swallowed up, in the same whirlpool where so many have been lost; "Selling their birthright for a mess of pottage," and would have sunk to rise no , more. Those who have not the knowledge and assurance that the course which they are pursuing is according to tho will of God, cannot endure all these afflictions .and persecutions, taking joyfully the spoiling of their goods and even if necessary to suffer death, by the hands of their foes. They will grow weary and faint and fall by the way unless they have unshaken confidence and a perfect knowledge for themselves. They cannot make a sacrificed their character and reputation; and give up their houses, their lands, brothers, sisters, wives and children; counting all things a3 dross, when compared withthe leternal-- life and exaltation, which our Savior has promised to the obedient; and not obtained without a strugwithout a sacrifice of all gle nor the glory : earthly things. In the last days' (we read) the Lord is to. gather together his Saints who have made covenant with Him by sacrifice and each one must know that their sacrifice is accepted aa did righteous, Abel and Abraham the Father of the faithful. Every, Xatterrday Saint knows this to be true, and that ac: cording to our faith so are our blessings and thirknowledge-i- s privileges. ., . Anciently, we read, that nothing was withheld from the ones whose faith was sufficient rni- - J :a . i? a. iL. vie xi. to receive it. jlub iuuuma uie lions were stopped, and the violence of fire quenched, they were valiant in fight, and escaped the edge of the sword, and put to flight the, armies of the aliens. Women, by their faith, recieved their dead children to life again, and obtained heavenly visions, the ministry of angels, and some became familiar with the third heavens, saw and heard things which were unutterable, and unlawful to utter. Manyof the Saints can testify that they have witnessed just as powerful miraculoui manifestations, as did the ancient women of Scripture, so have many of the "Mormon" women obtained heavenly visions, their sick have been healed and even the dead raised to life again. A grand and glorious work is this which the Lord has set his hand for the last time to how vain and worthless is the wealth aud pomp of this lower world, when compared with the great exaltation and glorious riches of eternity which will endure forever; and how sman ana insignincani aoes u maxe me woma of man appear to Saints of God, who are awake and have in weakness girded on the armor of truth and righteousness, and now stand rm upon the watch tOFr waiting to witness the Grand Tableau, yea, the closing, the winding up scene of the Almighty King of Kings, and Lord of Lords who jias ever been our friend , and advocate and his spirit still whispers to his Saints, Fear not for as the poet said: "I hare beheld my love and mercy scorned; ? per-form,a- nd Have seen my laws despised, my name blasphemed. My proYldence accused, my gracious plans ; behold I too and have long, Opposed; long, The wicked triumph, and my saints reproached Maliciously, while on my 1 tars lie, Unanswered still, their prayers and their tears, Which seek my coming, wearied with delay: And long disorder In my moral reign-Hawalked rebelllonsly, disturbed the peace, Of my eternal government, and wrought, Confusion' spreading far and wide among My works inferior, which groan to be Released." Pollock's Course Of Time. To be continued. s THE CAPTIVE HEART. My heart was like a caged bird, That slipped its prison bars one day; And thro' the bright empyrean blue, From home and friends soared far away. While skimming thro the linden trees, It stopped to chant a simple lay; And looking downward saw forsooth, One of God's angels pass that way. A form so fair of heavenly mold, Moving along with dainty grace. crowd her path, That e'en ibc earth-flower- s a face. sweet rare seen so had They The blrdits heavenward course forgot, And quickly back to earth It flew; Into that bosom nestling crept, Captive again for love of you. Ellbx Salt Lake City, Feb. B. Fekgusos. 1SS1. Ralph Waldo Emerson, signed the call for the firstwoman's right convention ever held in Mass.. It met at Worcester, Oct 1850. 