the helpmate tfceifiusbana should possess spirit of Christ, and thus be enabled ; to lave her "neighbor as herself.' Then she can and - will principles. But she must have a husband" in whom she can have the most perfect confidence Otherwise there is no common decencies of life. In. Germany, according to an eminent. physician, women on a level with men. Eighty-fiv- e per cent. mercurial from of those who die poisoning con- are-plac- 7 - aet-upon-iioh- le essential principles of "Mormonism" so called. - But" ; will p61ygamyr(pluralw . thc-TjuesJio- n-is, marriage)uiiiH be aVrighteOus principle;,: for the Savior gays, except ye are one, ye are not mine. And now since we have taken Ills name we so --must: : " -- io Z -- thQl-ather,aiJj- " Muchlrnayrbe "saidruponhisubjettlMt 1: think a hint to the wise is sufficient-"- -For instance, in these days popular opinion seems to be tho standard by which right and wrong are impure the world of mankind; but will it do for the Saints, those who have taken - the name of , thet)trier2srj while it adheres to the wheat, out-Qttne- ; , se IVofAdler &ay3 jt woman question and aspect TAc Alpha. it . gives it its direst i:- .. V. SPRING VILLE, Y. L. M, N0TlbN8,LGR0CERIEH, & . 2G X X 2j and vicinity will find the LA11G EST SELECTED STOCK jef U1SJT - &u4 BOOTS, fullSHOES at SLIPPERS, and doeirabla best "brands Also, Olx 11 dron'a tho Wesr. obcia . Lues, Fino Slioos, 53" Your Oticn are SoHcitsd GEO, IDTTlSrOTllD. ELLEN - B. FERGUSON, EHYSICraHSil iDSS OR GEOFi, r Office on Main Street, ovtt Hardy Eros,, Stcrc. HBpeciaT StMy' haslbeen given toSur?erv Diseates -, ol Women, and Diseases of the r " NOSE, THROAT AND LUNGS, T o O I3C Xa jESJZX. Gr 33 Q Home llde Trunks for Salo ZV. OT . by JOIIlf CL TLKit, Agent, tor tho PEOtQ WOOLEN MILLS, Old - Conatltcilou llalldloff aleo HOME Brown Tarns Cotton Kattliig:, Blankets, Whiio Yarns. Wool Battlnjt Shawte, Colored Yama. Brooms, : Linsoys, Joansi Caauimers, - Wa&hboord3, Tweedj, ProfesorFelix Adler, in his lecture on "The Position of Woman in i. the PraentSffertftd: our thoughts a most painful theme, one that is calculated to impress tho most careless mind. The details are terrible in the extreme. He says, very truly, that "woman in the present is, asjnjbepast and remarks that if he should say slavery the statement would with, incredulity. One at ease might smile and shrug her shoulders and say she is comfortable 77WI tntentcd, for ST)me omenwho have hus .bands, fathers and brothers to take care of . them in luxury think . that all their sister Rhould be satisfied with their lot, while the truth is that manv of them have not even the PALACE OF FAS1I1QX, Kx JLS. Brushes, to Etc. ex--k- ts - ' H??olved, olutions-t- o thit wo present afDpy of these res her relatives, and publish the same In the Exponent, and tho Ladles Speaker, and and place the same on our record. Com. O- - jE3. X)"YE, P. AUERBACH & BRO. , MEM TO TBEIH Wl STOBE, gos. and Summer I241J2G Goods, TINNER, CAS WATER A STJEAM FITTER. for BUMSETS celebrated LTFT and' FORCE Pnmps Ite paired on short notice. Ordom from tho country promptly responded to. v 1ST Addfrnt Darfcl Jama, Buz COG, Salt Lake City. -J 7 WAgent PCTAIPS. M. DINWOODEY, WnOLEgALB AlTD BSTAXI DZALZR IV EURNITURE, co-iiiuor- be-receiv- EAST. TEMPLE ST Y. tST Spring Resolutions of respect on the death of Sister Janet Whitmore, adopted at a meeting of the Y. L. M. I. A., March 15th, 1S82.-K- , Whereas, our heavenly Father in his wisdom has Been fit to call from our midst ottiimnch loved and respected sister, and, Whereas, our departed friend and associate wasworthy pur highest regard and aifectlon, her labors in our Association having been faithfully Performed, we feel that some proper recognition of her virtues be had among us: '' be it resolved that we, as n:embeis Therefore, ,of :the,Y Tfa M.I. A., deeply mourn-th- e loss of . Miwtuwjv nut Aiuuiiui a Resolved, that We herahv extend nnr lioorffolf eympathy and condolence to her husband and family, and that we condole with each other in ' this ead affliction. i - 17 Desires tho Ladles of Salt Lake and those visiting the City, to call at her Show Iiooms and seo her New Stock of MILLI-NEltTho latest and most stylish modes of Ilats and Bon nets, In Straw. Felt and Velvet Alao. a nice selection ia Flowers, Feathers, Plushes, Velvet and Itibbons in the latest b hades and stripes. Country Dealers, please CalL Ladles' Hair Work in all Its branches. Good Work Guaranteed ! I. A. " -- Of Salt Lake City : HUMAN SLAVERY- -; y, tula aD23Xi. SHELF HARDWARE, & GLAS9 ; .QnEENSWABE; AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS, Etc. I . i " Providence for every faculty, both mental and physical, that we possess, and pray for the intelligence hi3 holy Spirit imparti to make a wise use of the same. Then when the rains descend and the Hoods come we may find that our feet are founded upon the rock, according to die parable of tho Savior of mankind. M..E. Kimball. May 20th, 1882. to-da- s e and might really all-wi- . DRY GOODS, HEAVY - AXD RETAItt iDEALEilS IN JJY1I0LESALE - . t - i e. m. jl OFALL CUSSES WANTED, . fancy itself to be wheat, because it partakes of the same. Bnt when i loosened and thrown off, it is only itself chaff, and liable to be blown away by the wind. But the wheat has weight It contains the germ. Even so with mortality. Do not all possess a germ of the Deity in their own bosom, which, if cultivated, will bear good fruit, but if quenched by the opinion of others it may shrink and float away with the chaff? Let us thank an 1 DRIED FRUITS . Jesus and mado covenants to keep the laws ot God? Shall we forget that our Father in mercy sent his Son, who has given rules to be observed in his Father's kingdom. This is called - the higher law, and by keeping this law we break none of the laws of man, be- -canso itras framed fozz the good of mankind in general. Let us measure ourselves by this law, and by so doing we shall be wheat, while -- ware and dtovea. gang-maste- -- " Gooda, Shawls and Domcetlcs, Grooeiios, Hard- Ger--man- looking-glas- s . are lled t!Te(w day Saints. It is very important that we spirit of. our S a viofT that wo may not" -- has fail" mi?ne-point-- -of the law-l- ie gtvn to his be observed. Did He not say to apostles, Math. chap, xxviii, ver. 19, 20th: '"Go ye there-for- e and teach: alLjoadons, baptizing them in of thejSon, and ihc name .of, of the Holy Ghost, y TeacFing them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, loLam witl) ijou alwajseven untcLthe end oftta wIIFr A as our sectarian friends teach, is not all there is to do, but to study his commands that we may develop the powers and the. talents given unto us by God our Father, and become like our elder brother and be saviors unto many. pos-scs3'tl- SALT LAKE CITY.' Special Departments for Gent Clot bin a-- end Carpetsr Ladlea and Children's Shoes, Dry . y factories of are women. In England, where factory legislation has: accomplished so much, an appalling state -of things exists. In the "Black country " the- chain and nail making parts of England,-th- e reports of the government inspectors have tolcl a terrible tale. In a row of ciiain shop women alone could be found at "work," their husbands lolling' idly "against theJiaileKasJhey are called, all.Memarry to live on their labor, and drink up their earn- -' is be-reas . inirsrThe n t caue-mor- e won .wrung than out of men: they are more docile and submissive. For a week's work they have eight shillings, and after paying their baby tenders,' ' the firers-u- p at the forge, and other expenses, have three shillings and sixpence left. In the agricultural districts women and children are r worked in gangs, driven by the tojield, far away frbm home, in semi-mal- e jfen field attire. But the: collieries of S cotland surpass the imagination. Women are - compelled to work in mines filled, with gas and Hooded with water. They seldom live to be over thirty or forty years of age. Little girls" of four are taken into collieries, and at six a hundred ahd J carry loads of a hundred-an- d are fifty pounds on their backs. .The", women ' nude to the :waist and .vearl pair of JoQse trousers. Around the waist is a belt to which is attached a heavy chain dragged between. their knees. With this chain they pull loads of coal through long, low, damp passages, compelled to go' on all fours like brutes, hauling in th is maimer loads 1 G,000 yards a d ay. Prof. Adler speaks of having seen a picture in which a man with his bare hands is digging a grave for his paramour. "But what." he asks, "is - this to the picture I have drawn?" I should like to see some painter who can dip his brush in thist mess of hell and paint naked women with belts about their-waistand chains drag- between knees. their That picture would ging " bereal- - Itisrbyhiriusbands lilone that -they are compelled to this toil, but by the owners of the collieries the gentlemen of England. He speaks of. the law in Switzerland giving to women an hour .and a half in niiddlevof the day, and remarks that no the 7 provision of this sort has yet- - been made in Yet in the old slavery days, a free America. slave woman who had a child was always allowed an hour, at noon from field labor. "Iracted in the founditm . f3 ed C fill JBTS C.DBTJLC3-ES75, 77, & 79, First South Street, 4 - : S A LT LA KB CTTY ' . 