W.OMAN'S EXPONENT. 180 THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. EHLHELISE B. WELLS, Fub!Is&Qd semi-monthl- y, ' - Editor. in Salt Lake City, Utah Terms: One copy one year, $2. 00; ono copy six months $1.00 Ten copies for tha price of nine. AdYertising rate: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil apace, one time, $30: per month, $3. 00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. Exponent Office, Lower West Boom of the Council House, South Temple Street. Business hours1 from 10 . m. to 5 p. m. every day except Sunday. Address all business communications to Publisher Woman's Kxpomht, 8alt Lake City Utah. MAY SALT LAKE CITY, utaii 1, 1882. RE1,KE8ENXED The decision bo long pcnding,has been given in the House of Representatives at Washington D. C, by a majority vote, against the Hon. George Q. Cannon, Delegate from Utah. Mr Cannon was fairly elected which was clearly proven. His naturalization did not stand in the way, hut only the simple fact of his confession, to the practise of plural marriage, believing it to be a divine command. Then Jbe-- is simply excluded on account of his religion. This is establishing a fatal precedent. Alas! our poor country ! We are sincerely sorry for those Repreeenta- tivea to be deprived of the Influence of so good, so noble, so genuino-Bouk- d a man as George Q. Cannon. It is to their own injury. Tho Lord will over-rul- e it all for the good of hia people. In 'He nloves a mysterious way his wonders to perform." The world may rest assured that when the Saints have done their duty in m- tAWadJnK and pleading with Governors and rulers etc., that the Almignty wni come out vthto hiding-plac- e and sorely vex the nations. The torrow the Latter-da- y Saints feel Is not on account of Mr. Cannon, but that this great and free Itepublie, founded upon the broad principle of equal rights and privileges to all men. has so far retrograded as to be capable of such a decision. What may men not look for? What may they not fear when Congress legislates against religion? If, as many believe, and as has been published by some of the newspapers, politicians desire. to make political capital out of Utah it will provo a lasting disgrace to thb&e who have had any part or lot in tho matter. Those honorable men who opposed Mr. Cannon's being denied his ecat, as the4De!egate from Utah, Will have ; a ckar conscience, sleep well and be able to hold up their beads In the presence of all men and all women who love liberty and hate oppression in any form. We are sincerely eorry that cuchan outrage could have teen perpetrated in this "free and happy land;" not only on account of the Latterday Saints, but that of our dearly beloved country, of which every American citizen lias in times past been bo Justly proud. But this Is only the beginning of the end. Is this a government "by the pcophHKDc may not all peo be ple represented Irrespective? of religion ? . -- , . JCONSTITTTTIONOF The Constitutional Convention, Which ccnl vened on the 10 th of last nwmth, for the purpose f drafting a Constitution for the proposed State of Utah, has so far completed its work that the Convention ha adjourned until the 6th of June Moxtmoreanlimo a CommitieeTof to with the President and gether Becretary of the Convention, wllltake such steps as are necessary to prepare the way for the electtoni to In f! v tie-hel- d all the various precincts, and the people having become acquainted with the Constitution by be pr perusal of tho printed, copies, which will viouely circulated, will thus be prepared to judge whether they will vote "yes" or "no" for its ratification or rejection. The members of the Convention .unanimously adopted it now it remains to be seen what the people will do. There has been a committee of flvo memberg to appointed by the President of the Convention prepare a Memorial to Congress. This Memorial is to be presented with the Constitution or to to open the way for it. Everything pertaining each article of the Constitution has been carefully studied and discussed, not only in specia Committee, but in Committee of the whole, in open Assembly. It may seem strange to some that feo much time has been devoted to the preparation of something which it is very doubtful whether Congress will even look at favorably, but it is the duty of every free-borcitizen, to seek by all lawful and just means to attain a free Republican form of government, such as is guaranteed under state rule. There Is no people more de. serving of this blessing than the people of Utah, whether Congress will thus decide in their favor or not; but eventually Utah under that, or some other name, will become as powerful as any of her sister States. Assured of this fact ihe people of the Territory who have already achieved wonders In m&iiy ways, can well afford to wait for the rulers of this nation to consider this Im portant question. It is greatly to be hoped that tho women of this Territory as well as the men will study the Constitution, which will soon be In their hands, thoroughly; not be indifferent feeling thero is little prospect of its becoming valid and effective butexamine it so carefully as to be able to converse intelligently about it, it 1 comes up to their ideas of a freo b(I government. The constitution just framed is the only one we have any knowledge of, in which women . have had a voice. This is something all women may be justly proud of; It shows the advancement of thought on the woman question. It is one of the best proofs that could be given that men are in earnest in giving woman the ballot, and It depends largely upon woman herself in the future whether the shall have a voice in makiug the laws by which she and her children are to bo governed. But woman will, for the age proclaims it, and man true to the instincts of the hour is becoming converted to this theory which a few years ago would have been considered very ultra. the doctrine of the Latter-da- S EDITORIAL KOTES. Elections will be held in all the precincts throughout Utah, cn Monday May 22, to vote "yes" or "no" on the Constitution framed at the recent Convention. We publish in this bro the Edmund's Bill In its complete form as i passed both houses of Congress and was signed by the Chief Executive of the nation. Every woman shouid carefully peruse and preserve this remarkable document. "Fragments of Experience." This is the sixth book of the Faith Promoting Series. It has been lately issued from the Office of the "Juvenile Instructor." It contains some very interesting and remarkable incidents In real life, which will be good to place in the hands of the children of this people. There will soon be suf. - flcent books of this kind to form quite a library of choice reading matter. Price 25 cts. 'Mormon Docthine," by C. W. Penrose, js a very ably written little wotk,recently publithel. It if one that will be very useful to circulate; giving In brief and In a most interesting style is an world to excellent book to send abroad to the give the people correct ideas of the principles advocated by this people. It is Multun Price 35 cts. in parvo "The Martyrs" by L. O. Littlefield is an. other book about the same size issued from the same press. It gives a sketch of the most re- markable facts, relating to that fearful tragedy the martyrdom of Joseph and Hyrum Smith, which wjll be of thrilling interest to every Latter-day Saint. Price 25 cts. THE EDMUNDS BILL. , , SaintsrIt y The Edmunds bill as it passed both Houses of Congress and waa signed by the President. A BiLi. 1 To amend section 5352 of the Revised tea of the United States in reference to Bigamy and for other purposes. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That section 5352 of the Revised Statute of the United States be,and the same is hereby, amended so as to read as follows, namely: Every percon whohas a husband or wife lit. jug, who, in a territory or other place over which ihe United States have exclusive Jurisdiction, hereafter marries another, whether married or single, and any man who hereafter simultaneously, or on the samo day, marries more than ono woman, in a territory or other place over which the United States have exclusive jurisdiction, is guilty of polygamy nd shall be punished by a fine of not more than 5500 and by imprisonment for a term of not more than five years; but this section shall not extend to any person by reason of any former marriage, whose husband or wife by such marriage shall have been absent for five successive years, and is not known to such person to be living, and is believed by such person to be dead, nor to any person by reason of any former marriage which shall have been dissolved by a valid decree of a competent court, o nor to any person by reason of any former which shall have been pronounced void by a" valid decrett of a competent court, on the ground of nullity cf the marriage contract. , Sec. 2. That tho foregoing provisions shall not effect the prosecution, or punishment, of any offence already committed against the section tion amended by the first section of this act. Sec. 3. That if any male person, in a territory or other place over which the United States have exclusive jurisdiction, hereafter cohabits with mere than one woman,he shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and on conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine of not more than $300 or .by imprisonment for not more than six months, or by both said punishment?, In the discretion of the court. Sec.4.- - That counts for any or all of tho offenses named In sections one and two cf this act may be joined in the same - - Information or mar-riag- -- Oct TT V. o . in onn nrnc.nntlin turn W(t Ti polygamy, or unlawful cohabitation, under any Statute of ihe United States,It shall ba sufficient cause of challenge to any person drawn or summoned as a juryman or talesman, first, that be Is or has been living In the practice of bigamy, polygamy or unlawful cohabitation with more than one woman, or that he is or has been guilty of an ofTense punishable by either of the forego-In-rr ae'etians. or hv BBrtlcm rjfjhiiIavif ed Statute of the United States, or the act of July 1st, 1862f entitled 'An act to punish and preven the practice of polygamy in the Territories of the UnlteJ Statfs and otEer. place, and dlsapproT- . 