WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 162 SCENES AND INCIDENTS IN NAUVOO BY IIELEN MAR WHITNEY. CONTINUED. The anxiety expressed in my parents' letters concerning their children's going to school, brings up a subject much harped upon by outsiders, who have always declared that "'Mormons' were opposed to education. This of course has no foundation, except in their own disordered brain, which is fed by the distorted tales of people who havo no higher ambition than to invent and magnify falsehoods against the Latter-daSaints. Thousands can testily that wherever our lot has been cast, almost the first building put up has been the school house. In the little town of Far West the Saints had a large and commodious one, far superior to the ones built by the Gentiles in my native town, and in Kjrtland, Ohio, where I was taught my earliest lessons. The first tiling my parents thought of wherever we stopped was to send us to school. While at Winter Quarters in the Omaha nation, we had one taught by Sister Emmeline Whitney, who is now Emme-lin- e Vells, editor of the Exponent. ) During my school days we were 'moving about from place to place, and being subjected to constant interruptions, it made our early studies less salutary. It was no easy matter for a child to all at once settle down to dry books; and schools and books were not then what they aro now, for little children had to study out of the same that the elder ones did; and when we consider the thousand and one adverse circumstances with which we as a peo- have'had to contend for so many years to Ele able to retain even an existence upon the earth, we feel satisfied that we are deserving of the praise and eulogies of our nation, which any other community would have received; but instead of our just dues; no have to the impositions of a set of bccnuljo lawless who are too lazy to work, and therefore wish to rob the "Mormons," although they know them to be an honest and industrious people, out of their hard earnings, and the meanness to which they have stooped to accomplish this would make even Satan blush. If the outside world wished to inform themselves of the truth they could do so, if they would put aside their prejudice when they visit our beautiful cities and homes, they could learn the truth concerning us and our faith and practices; and if they were honest they would never again accuse us of being a low, ignorant or benighted people. If the Mormon emigration had consisted of the wretchedly deformed and idiotic beinrs which they have been represented, there must be a charm, or something very peculiar in our religion and organizations to have accomplished so great and wonderful a transfiguration; for we have seen nothing to warrant such stuff. But among those who are gathered here are somo of the brightest and most skilled mechanics and workmen if they were not, how could we have managed to have these fine houses built and such beautiful farms and cities in these mountains, independent of our enlightened Christian neighbors? The following is true and quite apropos to , of the earth, we have at least our share of intellect and talents, of which the world can not rob us; and the wonderful experience of this people has served to develop and bring them into use. We all know that the most unpromising have often, by patient study and perseverance, become the brightest; and we also know that what has been accomplished in these mountains no other people, with all their boasted wisdom and learning, ever dreamed of doing until the "Mormons" had ihoicn them how. Our enemies are well aware of these facts, and "the"onljr"wa3rof"hiditi'g- them from the world is to continue throwing dust in their eves. I land-shark- s, the subject: "Some suppose that every learned man is an educated man; no such thing: that man is educated who knows himself, and takes accurate common-sens- e views of men and things around him Some very learned men are the greatest fools in the world; the reason is they aro not educated men. Learning is only the means, not the end; its value consists in the means of acquiring that, the use of giving which properly managed, gives tone or direction to' the mind. If not among the most wealthy andjearced As questions have been asked for us to answer with all plainness and truthfulness, I for one, like Paul, take pleasure in answering to the truth. We are not of the world; if we were the world would love us; but wc are hated for the Gospel's sake. Now, we believe in revelation, which the world deny. God has said unto us He will restore all things as at the beginning. He gave commandment then to mul- tiply and replenish the earth; He has said in this age, llaiso up unto me a righteous seed; but first, enter into my covenant, which is the covenant of marriage" which ceremony only can bo performed by His servants holding the Melchizedek Priesthood, which was taken from the earth when those who held it were slain. They held the keys to administer in feacred things. John the Revelator, being banished on the Isle of Patmos, saw what would take place in our day, when the Everlasting Gospel would be preached to every nation, tongue and people, "Saying, givo glory to God, for the hour of his judgment has come." 2W, it behooves all people to of their sins, and receive the Gospel andrepent be saved for the Scripture says, "He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved; he that believeth not diall be damned." (St, Mark, xv, 10.) Now, this same John has come and committed this Priesthood to men on the earth, to administer again in sacred ordinances The angel came with the Everlasting Gospel, having all the gifts and blessing accruing thereunto. I can bear witness to these thingshave heard the gift of tongues, the interpreta- I tion given, have seen the sick restored to health by the gift of healing, the evil spirit cast out by prayer and the gilt of faith, and I do know for myself that these things are true, for they been shown to me the hayer by Holy Spirit. Vn e are told tp read the Scriptures, and learn these things for ourselves. I had a testimony before I ever heard a Latter-da- y Saint preach that the same Gospel that the would be restored to the earth Apostles taught I found that I was quite familiar with again. Bible doctrine and by the power of the priesthood I have been Enabled to understand more fully I was no stranger to that which had been me in the spirit. world before I took this taught mortal body. Now I expect to obtain an immortal one ' ' jf I am faithful to the end My sisters we who have entered into this holy order of see eve to eye as I do for the Trd marriagex t ' ftrc nc .ays, 1 iPn ttcn the Tailh ld?' before, what I have i?V is the mind oi all. And in - 1" S lit:"J, in.the Church can represent h0lC nnifv nf bd ? With the . "t with us worlthL To U3 has brouAl-gk- d of great jov, wliicrf shall tiding be in posse,. thfeVen p4er' messa ch is the mortals ! a It giveth peace of Uh; ffi 'SW7, 1G, 1882. Mary Ann Pratt. M. CORRESPONDENCE. MESA CITY, MARICOPA CO. ARIZONA, March KUh, 1882. Dear Aunt Em: We are having delightful weather here at present although the past winter has been very cold for this climate. Father has just finished QUESTIONS ANSWERED. Kl March . To be continued. y mind that the world knoweth not of. Man can only take liberty of conscience, our rights as fellow citizens; wc are still the citizens of God's Kingdom, and our thoughts are as fretj as the morning sun that shines in its glory. hZll a nice new house in which he gave a birthday dinner. He was GO years of age the 22nd, of Feb. There were eleven children and eleven grandchildren present, beside invited guests at dinner, In the evening quite an assemblage of friends came in and singing and dancing were indulged in till the "wee sma hours" when lunch was served, and all retired after wishing the host many happy returns of the day. We certainly have cause for gratitude to the kind Father of us all, for the blessing of health which attend us as a family; eighteen out of twenty children are living, and nineteen of twenty grandchildren all hearty and healthy, not a single invalid or cripple 'in the family. All here except Ashbel (who is in .Chicago studying medicine) and Ella and Emma the twins; the latter and family write if success crowns their efforts they will be with us next fall. The Relief Society of Mesa held their conference on the eleventh of this month. Francelle P. Rouso.n -- HOW TO INTRODUCE PEOPLE. '1 do dislike to introduce people to each said Eva to me one day last week. other," "Why, pray?" I asked. "It seems to ine a very simple thing." "Well, when I have it to do, I stammer and blush, and feel so awkward, I never know who should be mentioned first, and I wish myself out of the room." "I think I can make it plain to you," I said. "You invite Mabel Tompki-ito spend an afternoon with you. She has never been at your home before, and your mother has never met her. When you enter the sitting-rooall have to is do to say, Mother this is my you s m, -- friend Mabel; Mabel, my mother.' If you wish to be more elaborate, you may say to your Aunt Lucy, "Aunt Lucy, permit mo to present Miss Mabel Tompkins; Miss Mrs. Tompkins, Templeton.' But while you introduce Mabel to your father, or the .minister, or an elderly gentleman, naming the most distinguished personage first, you present your brothei, his chuni and your cousin Fred to the lady, namfirst. her it Fix in ing your mind that among persons of equal station the younger are introduced to the older, and that inferiors in age, position, or influence are presented to superiors. Be very cordial when, in your own house, you are introduced to a guest, and ofFer vour hand. If away from home, a bow is commonly suff, icient recognition. In performing an introduc-tionsp'eak both names with perfect distinctness." Harper's Young People. , In New Jersey as in Kansas fathers and mo- thers have egual rights to the children. A memorial meetingf the anniversary of the birthday of Lucritia Molt, was observed by tIie Peace Union in Germantown, Penn.If any one deserves reniembranqe it is the sweet Quaker lady who so n6blyworfcea , for many year for woman's advancements 