WOMAN'S - j do we help they hare formed good resolutions them to carry them out in their lives ? Let us consider these things and ponder them in our hearts. There is a broad, a grand field open to labor in, for all who will form the good resolution to help the young for every effort that can be. devised seems to have been directed to wards leading the minds of the young people of " this generation into forbidden paths. Allurements and attractions on every hand, and it behooves every mother in her own home and every woman everywhere who has courage, capacity and ability to labor in the interest of the rising generation to rouse themselves, and see what can be done to stem the tide of wickedness, and if possible save many from misery and unhappiness, which is sure to be the result of the vices which are gaining ground so rapidly in the earth. Aunt Em. EXTRACT. From the Speech of Senator Morgan, of Alabama, on Vie Question of Woman Suffrage in the Senate of the United States, Dec. 20, 1881. "Let us look -- for a moment at the result of wo- man suffrage in some of the Territories,- - I have read to you the act of 1850, organizing the Territory of Utah. The Territorial Legislature has gone forward and conferred the right of suffrage upon the women of Utah Territory. The population of Utah Territory in the last decade has reached from 64,000, 1 believe, to about 150,000; I cannot state the figures exactly. The Territorial Legislature of Utah conferred upon the females of that Territory the right of suffrage, and how have they exerted that right ? Sir, I am ashamed to say it, but it is known to the world that the power of Mormonism and polygamy in Utah Territory ia sustained by female suffrage. You cannot rid of those laws. Ninety per cent, of the egislative power of Utah Territory is Mormon and polygamous. If female suffrage is to be incoporated into the laws of our country with a view to the amelioration of our morals or our sentiments, westand aghast at the spectacle of what has been wrought by its exercise in the Territory of Utah. There stands a power supporting the crime of polygamy through what they call a divine inspiration, or teaching from God, and all the power of the judges of the United States and of the Congress of the United States has been unavailing to break it down. Who have upheld it ? Those who in tho family circle represent one husband to fifpo-litc- al teen women. Utah Territory is increasing continually in its population and with great rapidity. There is not such a missionary establishment in the world belonging to any church whatsoever as that connected with the Mormon church. It is part of their creed that all those who have united with the church of tho Latter-da- y Saints shall be brought personally into the Territory of Utah, and there planted round the temples in which they profess to worship. A continual and rapid accumulation cf the power of the church and of. polygamy is going on, and when the Gentiles, as they are called, enter the Territory with the view of breaking it up they are confronted by the women, who are allowed to vote, and from whom we should naturally expect a better and a higher morality in reference to subjects of the kind. But this shows the power of men over women. Itonly shows only how through her tender affections, her delicate sensibilities, and her confiding spirit she can be made the very slave and of man, and can scarcely ever be made an independent participant in the stronger exercise of the powers which God seems to have intrusted to him. Never was there a picture more disgusting or bond-serva- nt ru nn xs j. extension of the more condemnatory of the en franchise to women as coniraawuuuiwicu of Utah then is presented in the Territory -u-m- t0 careThe paragraph quoted above should be in Utah who holos fully read by every woman sufdear her family relations and the right of "Mormon" Women not frage Why should vote conscientiously ? Can any one give a good reason for voting against what they believe to be their highest interest? They vote for the men whom they have known to be true and upthe best interests right and who will maintain of the Territory to the utmost of their ability; and is not this the proper use of the ballot in the hands of men or women ? These remarks were brought out when Senator Hoar, of Mass., called up the resolution for Sufappointing a special committee on Woman frage. This resolution reads as follows: Resolved, That a select committee of seven. -- Senators be appointed by the Chair, tojwhich should be referred all petitions, bills and resolves providing for the extension of suffrage to women or the removal of their disabilities For the courtesy and presistent exertions made by Senator Hoar of Mass., in behalf of the rights of all the women of the United States, he deserves their everlasting gratitude; and the highest position which the votes of n wo-e- could insure him when women are permitted to cast a vote for the Chief Executive of the nation. Senator Hoar's request for a committee on Woman Suffrage having been granted and a committee appointed, Senator Morgan comes forward again and offers a resolution, directing the special committee on woman suffrage to inquire into the matter of suffrage in Utah and report a bill to set aside any existing laws conferring suffrage upon women of that Territory. The resolution was laid over to be printed. The special committee appointed by the president pro tem. on rights of women are Senators Lapham, Anthony, Ferry, Blair, George, Jackson and Fair. WASHINGTON SUFFRAGE The National Woman Suffrage Association will hold its Fourteenth Annual Washington Convention at Lincoln Hall, Washington, D. C, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday, January 18, 19 and 20, 1882, three sessions daily, at 10:30 a. m., 2:30 and 7:45 p. m. All members of N. W. S. A. will be admitted free on presenting their membership ticket. An Executive meeting of officers and members will be held at the Riggs' House Parlor, at 2 p. m. Tuesday, 17th. An executive session of the officers will be held at the same place at 10 a. m. Saturday, 21st. The first session will open with prayer. Minutes of Annual Convention of May, 1881. Plan of Work, May Wright Sewall; Opening Address, Elizabdth Cady Stanton. Second session The Moral Force of Woman Suffrage, Matilda Joalyn Gage; Our Demand in tne Light of Education, F. R. Hinckley. Third session The Moral Effect of Woman Suffrage on the Nation, Elizabeth Lilse Saxon; The Wrongs of Disfranchisement, Liilie Devereux Blake. Second day. Reports of Delegates; Discussion of Resolutions by Mesdames Stanton, Anthony, Blake, Gage and others; Address, ' Zerelda G. Wallace; National Housekeeping Clemence S. Lozier, M. D.; National Protection for Woman's Right to Vote, Susan B Anthony; The Golden Rule, Harriet R. Shat-tucThe Women .of the Nation, vs. Licensed Vices, Helen M. Gougar. Third day. Re ports of Delegates; A Word from Massachu setts, Harriet H. Robinson; Reading of Let ters; Discussion of Resolutions by Mesdame, k; Anthony, Lockwood, Clay, Sewall, Mr. Hinckley and others; Woman's Function in the State, May Wright Sewall; United States Citizenship, Isabella Beecher Hooker; The Power of Veto, Martha M'Clelan Brown; Address, Clara, Beswick Colby; Closing Remarks, Elizabeth Cady Stanton. Adjournment. Constitution. Article This organization shall be called the Rational Woman Suffrage Association. Article 2. The object of this Association shall be to secure National JProtection for women citizens in the exercise of their right to vote. Article 3. All citizens of the United States subscribing to this Constitution, and contributing not less than one dollar annually, shall be considered members of the Association, with the right to participate in its deliberations. Article 4. The officers of this Association shall be a President, a from each of the States and Teritories, Corresponding and Recording Secretaries, a Treasurer and an Executive Committee of not less than five. Article 5. A quorum of the Executive Committee shall consist of nine, and all the officers of this Association shall be members of such Committee, with power to vote. Article 6. All Woman Suffrage Societies throughout the country shall be welcomed a3 auxiliaries, and their accredited officers or duly appointed representatives shall be recognized asx members of the National Association 1. Vice-Preside- nt ex-offic- io SOME FACTS. "Shall we continue .in sin that grace may abound ? God forbid. The above Scripture verse was suggested to my mind by an article in the Cincinnati Gazette, in which the writer says, eyes of the nation are turned in horror towards tJtah." Now, I thought, let me in imagination turn my eyes that way and see if I experience any of that horror. I have seen children in the twilight hour, play "booger men," enjoying the scart" feeling. So I wished to share the feeling of horror just to see what the sensation is. So turned my mental eyes towards Utah, and. viewed in imagination the wives who receive the sympathy or scorn of all , Christendom. Well to be honest, the feeling was more of wonder than of horror. I wish I just knew how those women do feel. Now I am not a Mormon; and no doubt if some other woman was brought into my house to share the rights; there would be a fuss. But leaving myself entirely out of the question, I wondered is Mormonism such a wicked, terrible affair? It sounds nice to tell about the love, the holy bond very of union between husband and wife, in the sacred institution of marriage, of two souls with but one single thought &c But upon looking into the family relations of my personal friends about me I am forced to acknowledge that "there is something rotten in Denmark" here, for at Mrs. V.'s there is no happiness, her husband drinks, stays from home half the night in the gambling room, although his home is made cheerful and bright, and she is devoted heart and haiuTto him. She depends so on him for her happiness, that his entirely conduct is breaking her heart. Mrs. Jones, another neighbor, "has a notion to leave her husband they are so unhappy together." Mrs. W., a lady of refinement and a devoted wife and had to stand the shame of having a baby laid upon her doorstep with the knowledge that, though she was not its mother her husband was, its father. What has all this to do with Mormonism ? Some one asks. Well let us go still further and pry into tho home mys- mo-th- er 