WOMAN'S EXPONENT 114 SCENES AND INCIDENTS IN NAUVOO BY HELEN MAR WHITNEY. For a long time there has been a secret "Publish to the world hisnerinp i r' not only the principles 01 your iaun imi a true history of facts concerning the injustice done to an innocent people, and the trials and Bufferings which they have endured from the world, because they would not deny their faith in revelation. Publish them upon the housetops, that they may reach the ears of the iirst and the honest in heart in all nations." And ask, is this not a duty devolving upon the sisters, in Zion as well as the brethren, who were partakers of their injustice, and therefore vf"- - - - w I living witnesses against them f Should We not write them, to be handed down to our children and all future generations, that they may know the true history of those who endured all things which their enemies saw fit to place upon them, for the sake of establishing this work upon the earth. Having lately enjoyediihe privilege of looking over my father's papers and journals, which "had Iain undisturbed ever since his death, I cannot express the joy I felt in finding among d treasures my father's them the which I had feared were and mother's letters no longer in existence. Many of them were written when I was very young and during the deepest trials of their faith, the reading of which has awakened the memory of a thousand scenes and associations that would have remained buried in oblivion, had it. not been for these records, which, to me, are more precious than gold. A letter written by the Prophet Joseph and lis brethren while in Liberty jail, Missouri, was among my father's papers, and a portion as then, I will of it being as appropriate y : few lines a copy long-desire- 5 to-da- Liberty Jail, Jan. 10, 1839. Brothers II. C. Kimball and B. Young : "Joseph Smith, Jr., Sidney Eigdon and Hy-ruSmith, prisoners for Jesus' sakeend greet- m ing. Xl v VUy VtW LSUf liVtj lt OHWJJg 111 LllU Lord and in the favor of his might. What is i i c r i. i. : o i mini uiau, iuaii mc scivmii ui vjruu eiiuuiuj lear or the son of man, that he should tremble at him? Neither think strange concerning the fiery trials with which we are tried, as though some strange thing had happened unto us. Remember that all have been partakers of like afflictions. Therefore rejoice in our afflictions, by which we are perfected, and through which the Captain of our salvation was perfected also. Let your hearts and the hearts of all the Saints be comforted with you, and let them rejoice exceedingly, for great is our reward in heaven; for so persecuted the wicked, the Prophets which were before us. America will be a Zion to all that choose to come to it, and if the churches in foreign countries wish to come, let them do so. "Brethren, pray for us, and cease not till wour deliverance comes, which we hope may come. We hope, we say, for our families' sake. Let the 'Elders preach nothing but the first principles of the Gospel, and let theru publish our afflictions, the injustice and cruelty thereof, U , f .i Villi write it, and pubupuu vho mmops. uet mem lish it in all the papers where they go; charge them particularly upon this point . "Brethren, we remain yours in hope of eternal life, . : . 1 JosErn Smith, Sidney Rigdon, II y rum Smith." Where is there any other Deonle who wnnM endure tribulation, or think it needful to make Kich sacrifices through tbii life, for the sake of -- Ministers of different creeds have picked out just such passages as tney could turn into a proper shape to suit themmore to their selves, or their hearers preaching to popu-la- r ering hearts-pandheads than to their and dollars, feeling, to bring popularity though the Bible (which they profess to believe) for mankind to walk lays down but one rule and these in, points out but one road to heaven, are laid down so plain by our Savior, that "a , man, though a fool, need not err therein. ; sects various against The prejudice of the is as it then same . the Mormons was the Hundreds were heard to say they had never known Joseph Smith, but he was a false Procould come phet and ought to die, and if theysoon as they across him they would kill him as did Mormons would a rattlesnake; and if the not renounce their doctrine they would exterminate or drive them from the country. When asked what they had against the Mormons, the answer was, with an oath, "They believe in Joe Smith and the Book of Mormon, and" with another oath, "we believe Joe Smith to be a d d rascal." This is a sample of the present toleration and inhuman conduct towards a little handful of people under a Republican government, and by professors of Christianity e and enjoy listening to every who falsehood against the" Latter-da- y Saints, and would like to again drive us from our homes; but they will find it a more difficult task, as it happens (this time) that we are the first settlers and have a prior right, which we intend to hold and maintain. The majority ef the world seem to have chosen to walk in the broad road which leadeth to destruction. The gate is too straight for them,and the way too narrow, and for this reason but few find eternal life. When my father left us to go on his second mission, he made mother promise to write to him every particular concerning our situation, and I feel prompted to copy a portion of her first letter, which was dated Sept. 21, 1839. It gives a fair description of our condition and of the families of the Elders who left them in Commerce, Illinois, to go forth in obedience to the command of the Almighty, to preach the Gospel to foreign nations. the life to come ? -- to-da- y. pre-judg- "My Dear Husband: "With a weak and trembling hand I attempt to write a few lines, agreeable to your request, to let you know hw we do, which is very poorly, I assure you. As to my feelings, I don't know but I am perfectly reconciled to your going away, but I must say I have a trial of my faith such as I never had before. The day you left home was as sick a one as I ever experienced. The pain in my back and head was almost intolerable no doubt the pain in ray head was worse on account of ray muciu weeping; but I did not weep after you left, tor my distress was so great that I could not think of much else. William mourned and cried about all day, and had a chill in the evening. Sister Bentley stayed with me through the day; she was sick, but did all she could, for me. Fanny Dort came over and stayed all night with me. I was alone a little while before she came. I then crawled out of bed and bowed before the Lord,, and plead with Him to give us a good night's rest, and He did so; and be assured I did not forget to pray for you. i The next morning I felt free from pain, hut. was so weak and d that I could not walk without staggering. William and Helen were not able to do anything, so I was to crawl around and do my chores, and obliged wash a a littleTor the babe. No one to me but help lttle Heber, and I was soon overdone and brought on another chill, so that Lhad a very sick afternoon, and rested but little last niht-- ' have not been able to do y I anything was taken this a with, morning shake, and shook for an hour and a half as hard aa I ever dizzy-heade- to-da- saw any body in my life, and then weltered under a fever aud extreme pain until almost night. William has just had the hardest chill that he has had in a number of days. Brother Rogers has been here and left more medicine but it has done us no good, and what to do 1 don't know. I have no one to get anything for. me, or to do anything for my comfort. Brother Bentley has moved here, but Sister Bentley-ivery feeble hardly able to do her own work. She is very kind, and would be glad to doctor us if she was able. Helen is not well any of the time, but is able to do some chores "Now, I have given you a statement of our situation-- , not to make you feel bad, but because Thus you requested it of me you see, as I said before, I have a trial of my weak faith; but all that I can ask "of you is, to pray that I may have patience to endure to the end, whether it be long or short. 1 feel & though if you ever see your family all alive again; it will be through your faith. s to-da- y. "Saturday Morning. Dear Heber, we are all alive and tolerably comfortable this morning would to God we could remain so through the day. We will hope for the best. Unless my health should improve I shall not be able to write you next wTeek, as you requested, for I am growing weak every day. So farewell, my dear- - Heber; I pray that it may be well with you. Yilate Kimball. To be continued. SURPRISE PARTY. The Relief Society of Sugar House Ward have had five surprise parties this year April 26th for Mrs. Lucy Ann W. Pettigrew; Aug. 15th Mrs. Jane Cornwall; Sept. 19th Mrs. Ann S. Clark; Oct. 20th Mrs. Matilda E. Yf&gsiaf, and Nov. 4th in honor of our beloved Prudent. Mrs. Sarah B. Gibson. When the table was covered with the bounties of the earth, Father Gibson blessed the food in a most impressive manner, also the hands which had prepared the same. After dinner Sister Esther Hardy, in behalf of the Society, said: "Sister Gibson, the sisters of the Relief Society have chosen me to represent them in offering you a winter shawl, a chromo, entitled 'No cross, no crown,' a pair of vases, and a few other small presents, and to thank you for all your good counsel and faithful work. We wish you a long life on this earth, that you may still do good to the poor and needy, that your last days may be your best days, and then be exalted with a celestial exaltation." Sister Gibson said: "I thank you all for your great kindness, but my heart is too full to express my feelings. I hope and trust ifl the Lord that I may live worthy of all His blessings. May God bless you all, is 1 prayer, in the name of Jesus." Betsy Bollwinkle, Secretary. Caroline Willingbeck, Ass't Sec'y. The Battle of Inkerman. To-da- y being the anniversary of the battle of Inkerman, which was fought in the Crimea on November 5, 1854, the us dal custom of decking the colors with laurel was observed in every regimen throughout the British Army that took part in the memorable battle. It will be remembered that the Brigade of Guards specially distinguished themselves in this engagement, and that a monument was erected in Pall-nja- u to the three regiments of the Brigade. subaltern doing duty with the detachment oj Foot Guards mounting the "Queen's Guard this morning carried the laurels to St James Palace. 