WO MAN'S EX PONE NT 100 not preferable to the right of dower,, which strictly speaking means of her husband estate, for she has d none; of her own in Jaw, and that very estate iii3y have come as a legacy to her from her father or other relative, or it may be much of it 'heTpiTMcu niutated har earning.--ITere- Ja ' the enadment:; , 1? Governor the Be enacted it by (1020.) Sec. and Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Utah: That all property owned by either spouse before marriage, and that acquired after by gift, bequest, devise or descent, with the rents, issues; and profits thereof, is the separate property- of whom the same is so owned or acquired, and separate property owned or ac- quired as specified above, may beheld, managed, controlled, transferred and in any manner dis-posed of by the spou?e so owning or acquiring It without, any limitation or restriction by reason for herself whether this is THE WOIAX'S EXPONENT. one-thir- Editor. EH2IELIXE B. WEIXS, Published . Pernl-monthl- in Salt Lake Cltj, Utah y, Terms: One copy one year, J3. 00; one copy -$1.00 Tea copies for the price of nine. Advertising rates: Each square, ten line of nonpareil space, one ' tfme,, $2.5(h per months $:i. 00r A liberal discount 6ix-mont- . advertisers. r Exponent Office. Lower West Room of the Council n 3 ly . m. iu o t. in. Bvery aay except ounuay. Address all business communications to v Publisher Woman's Expoxtext, Salt Late City Utah. - : hs A -- V- - A "1 . - iat-g'joHse-by SALT LAKE CITY, - DECEMBER 1,1832 WOMAN'S RIGHT OF DOWER. 7 The right of dower in Utah has been the theme of much discussion in private and public, J . n mernress Dr ine nountrv ana amon? trio nti dais of the Territory. They acknowledge they are fibre on this subject, and think it an outrage to the people that the right of dower should have been abolished by the Legislature of Utah. Any; rational person who examines the ground care-f- a 1 ly, wi t h o u t prej li d i ce, would say at once that the statutes of Utah as regards married women and widow?, is far "in . advance of the right of dower as existing in mcst of the States of the Union. In Utah woman holds her own propertyher husband cannot touch it; in most of the States, the husband can net only squander hia wife's income, but he can collect her earnings and : f..marrjage.-"-- - a ' Sec. 2. Either' spouse may suo or be sued, plead and be impleaded, or defend and be defended at law. -' 7. 7 (1022.) Sec, 3. No right of dower shall exist or be allowed in this Territory. Compiled Laws, r " -page 342. , - In the laws governing the estates of decedent", .jfr-- ' it is provided that: all-th- Illustrative of the very deplorable condition of woman a right to her own earnings. The lady was ixaveiiujj uu tue nam. duo was u siuueni of human nature, and had noticed a verv nale. delicate-lookingirl, Eensitive and shrinking, with a bosk in her hand; the lady was interested in the appearance of the child, and opened a conversation with her by Inquiring where she was going? She answered to the next village; her father was with her, going on to collect her "lives are cast Jn pleasant - places' sit at their ease, In blissful ignorance of the laws and gov- tAuuciAus, ueiaujt?, iuxsuuiu, a strung arm eueiiers them from care and hardship, and so they ex- -i claim, "We have all the rights we want.7' nor lesathan a"" sort of vassalsge, and a relic of the old common lawof England, and- - through thi3 came the relict, as applied to the wife after her husband'a decease; a word which, from its association in that sense, is specially distasteful to independent women. In the statutes of Utah woman is a xc rspn ; can hold and convey property, and she has the earn o right to do so that her husband has. We give below tho sections as laid down in "the Revised Statutes of Utah, and let every woman consider and judge ap-pelati- on e . g ,- - "Any married woman may dispoee of all her estate by will, and may alter or revoke the will in like manner as a person under no disability might do." (Ibid p. 271.) -We have not time to enumerate points to added reas the law it stands involved, but, corded, the women of Utah haves the elective .franchise, and the privilege of. voting at all elections In the Territory. If either of the late Governors of the Territory had been as "liberal" as the party title they have taken suggests, women would have been ere this eligible to offices of emolument and trust, and some might for aught" we know heve already been elected. But even underthe present conditions, the women of Ittah have more liberties and privileges than those of other States and Territories. e "despised Mormon.Church" women vote on all questions the same as men do..This scarcely accord wiib the current idea outside, that Mormon women are oppressed and kept in Bflop, jusiaa ne pjeases or encoses. isoi long ElncernT lad v relaf ed f o Ah p. wr 1 fSr" a! i I t l!T?rr7Trfri f looking man. The child was deformed, had a hunch on her poor back, and she looked weary of life. She said her mother earned a little money towards supporting tho family by taking in washing, but her father was cruel, and there was no law to prevent his taking her hard earnings from the factory and using them for his own gratification." Is it any wonder that the intelligent women of the world want the ballot, in order to get the laws remodeled, and better the condition of the industrious workmg-classe?' that tuey may not be Use prey of the indolent, ' the dissipated or cruel? This is only one instance of the thousands that occur every day, and yet women whose (1021 i) In-th- bondage. EDITORIAL NOTES. Won in their behalf. Therefore do they praise Him, and render gratitude and thanksgiving, and while they are mindful of his mercy extended to all his creatures, and rejoice in his - munificent, blessings, they do not forget that "obedience U better than sacrifice." r - A St)Cn;TA- ofJadies, called tho "Unity-Club,has been organized recently in this city, to work .and to "give entertainments for benevolent ptir- notably the iDeseret-Hospitaltwo, meet-Ing- s have already been held, and it is expected " an entertainment will be given by the society sometime between Ciiristmas -jTrobaUiyDec. 3r in the 12th Ward Hall. President of the Society, MrB.' Margaret G. Claws on; Vice President, Clara J. Young; Secretary, Emma Rigs; Treasurer, Annie W. Cannon. L'here are several com mltfees to arrange for en ' tertainments. The .Initiatory fre Is one dollar -- - " , ? 4 antL-XewYe- ar . bjjlihe Ox Tl anksgiving Day, in the Salt Lake A. sembly "Hall, Mr. Evan Stephens' classes in singing.were on exhibition, going through their exercises Jn an interesting manner, in presence of tho whole assembly. Bro. Stephens' gave a Synopsis of his methods of imparting instruction. --The singing by thechildren "waFeffectlfeTyren'. dered. The writing was. a new feature of a mu- i Bical exhibition. There has been no pains spared on the part of the teacher to make the little ones proficient in this most pleasing and attractive ecience. It Is a rare opportunity for the children of Zion to receive musical training, and the cultivation of the voice in childhood ia a desirable Attainment. Bro. Stephens deserves patronage n the arduous labor he has undertaken. &Bl a - Another new book, deserving marked notice, is a email jiamphlet by Elder John Jaques, "The Church of Jesus Ch ris t of ZLa t Saints Its Priesthood, Organization, Doctrines, Ordinances and History." This is given in the most concise? manner, yet clear and forcible, with references, to larger works. The last two pages contain the testimony of the three witnesses to the Book of Mormon. It covera more ground than any other small work, and will be very iseful to give strangers correct ideas of our prin ciples and history in a few words. As a sort of traet for distribution outside the Church, it will do very great good in spreading the truth. Price 10 cents. For sale at "Deseret News'" Office. ter-da- y On Tuesday morning Hon. George Q. Cannon left this city-fWashington. Hon. John T. the Caine, Delegate for. Utah, also started for the Capitol, accompanied by F. S. Richards, of the constitutional delegation. At Ogden they were j oined by D. H. Teery and wife. A V. W. jRlter, James Sharp and W. D. Johnson will go after the busy holidays are over. What Congress will do for Utah, in the way of Justice "no man knoweth." Utah has rights that demand precognition, though Congrees has been exceedingly slow in admitting any claims; it is a a long1 road that never turns, and who can tell but inadvertently something may be done to benefit this flourishing, enterprising Territory. -- rA Relief Society, was organized in Oakley, Cassia Co., Idaho, in September," by Apostles F. M. Lyman, J. II. Smith and H. J. Grant.' The . Conference of the Relief Society, Y. L. I. A. and rrimary Assocjatlons will be held "ihthe"Fourteenth Ward Assembly Rooms, Frl-- " M. : day and Saturday, December 15 and 16. We have received, per A. C.,a summary of the doings of a party in honor of Mrs. Wilmirth East'a birthday, held at Smithville, Arizona. The aflair was under the auspices of the Young Ladies' Association. Mrs. East was for many years an active worker in the bsnevolen t societies and for woman's higher advancement in -- this - city.-Alm- ost four" yeanragirshe removed to Arizona, and presides over the Relief Societies of Eastern Arizona Stake of Zion. ; Tjlvnksgiving Day is past, and all the gay festivities of that happy occasion are over. We still remember the delights of the elegant din. ners, Ferved with such hospitality and" freedom to all. There is no people who can appreciate more fully blessings from heaven than the Latter-daSaints.-Th- ey have received miraculous ruanl- .festations of God s goodness in marvelous ways, and have ever acknowledged hla divine Interpo- y or . ! ' Piumary Speaker, No. 1 ; so long promised toz the"Bmaller children, is now ready. It is particu -- larly well adapted for the use of the little folks from four to ten years old. -- The selections are all of the very best and choicest composition both poetry and prose, many by home writers. No pains has been spared by the editor and compiler In preparing and arranging this little work for the press; the type is very large and clear, and the book should meet with ready fale. Sister JEliza" has labored arduously and dili in nrenaring gently, earlv and late, untirlnclv. w tf 9 books for the children, but it has been a labor cf love. This la the fifth of the collection of her w 