w 3S Y. 1 I M. I. A. STAKE REPORTS. TU - a very creditable ilis-- 2 or Knitted Uoods. A pair ofv baby shoes, Play byMiss C!a Collard,- - aged 1 i"a knitted shawl, Miss Christine Smith, aged 12, a comforter of the same ; material, Hannah: Skeen, aged 12; a pair of hose, Miss M. Adams, aged 1 - ; , BoaidJ.luMIrAr AugutHth - 1882. v.-- and -- several: other little toddlers, about the r: , same age. Benediction by President Abram Hatch. 'Sjr:::r:.. ; : Ellen Lee, Clerk. ' . - - - : , " ' NORTH OGDEN PhlilAKY. ', .:. Crotchet Work.A larcre "assortment war (put forward for inspection and criticism, con- .oiaujjg ui uiuwmu ittroji every uesenpupn. 'Those that deserve honorable mentinn in this brahchraro-- - Maria 'J acobson, aged 11, Rozilla urowther, same age, and Miss A. .Neilson, aged 15. yf-:', Sampler Work and Designs in Wool and Zephyr, on beholding which, carried us back -.to the days of yore, when our mothers used to amuse themselves in the same kind of fancy work.- - Some of the designs were neat and tasteful. r The Ten Commandments, by- Miss - Ada Guyman, aged 14, was a very fair specimen. A tam pie worked by Miss . Annie . aged 12, was also very good Embroidery.In this department,the Misses Otterson and S. E. Collard, aged re- spectively 12 and 15, displayed not only good : taste, but originality of design, combined with excellent workmanship. Hearth-rugingenicontrived and in ously put together good taste -and style; they, were made by Misses TStena --- Jacobson and: SrAvAldread, aged8-and-1- 2. ; Flowers. A of Zephyr very large display Inasmuch as our Heavenly Father has seen , Report of a Primary- - Conference, Jield at fit to take from our midst oar honored mother land.iiister, Margaret West, aged rTZyears, wba 3iprthdenplunehrl82:Present on the stand: Eliza R. Snow Smith, after a sufler-Jn- g ..departed this life Jano S. Richards, Louie B. Feltf Josephine R. illness of four months, caused fiom dropsy, West and others; President Ml A. Wallace we, the members of the'Snowflake Belief Society, '.. desire to show our appreciation and love for her, presiding. .. Singing, "In our lovely JJeseret. Trayer. .. by sending-- the following resolutions of respect a prolor "We ,U thank, thee, uod, :foinging, to our 'paper and alsocopy to the RrS. of v.V . ., phet." Parowan, Iron County, Utah, where eho was a Ax welcome to E. R. Snow Smithy of poem faithful resident tot twenty-seve- n years. and. ladies ..was repeated in concert by the : AsResolved, that we hold in sacred memory her-masociation. . .'y"ij virtues," both in precept and example: last iMinutes conference were read and the of such, as etrlctly keeping theVjford of Wisdom7, I '.. l. .;;NS approved. since the yeat 1831; )jerrflrm, integrity to the .The , programme was rendered,"a1TlblIows.' ": principle of, Celestial Marriage, , even to the last, Dialogue, "Going to Meetin?," Harriet Barker,.: when she. willed the greater part of her property . Land -- Annie, M., Storey;; Recitation, .Orderly to a pluralwife; rathetthau. tocher. lawful heiri xxauibs, T,xvuau j,ne pvugt jjiruira her many years of usefulness among the sick, Greenwood " Ida. M. Alvord and Emily Bai- - r -- v; t v. etc. : i.: - ley; recitationrJ oseph Smith's First Prayer," . strive ,we to imitate her meeknefs l MaryJ A. .Reynolds; recitation,"4' We come," AlsQjhat and patience, . benevolsnca and uncomplaining -Margaret Holmes; recitation, "The Angel-of wool flowora, of all hues, ehapes ana sizes; , fcflr lice f Jiiiza A. L'eath, "Kinduiuooej cc,'"?3r; Uhadwick; dialogue-dipoim; some in baskets, vases and cases; all were wisdom, in being a woman of but few words, ness," Thomas and William Richardiiisong by x beautiful and well made. The little folks that and her devotedness to her God and his people. three girls 4The Try Cfempan'recitation, made them may weir feel proud of this their She was the mother of ten children, and flfty-el- x "2fo Sects in Heaven," Elizabeth Richards " first effort. grand children, and.' forty-nin- e song, 'My Little Blue Apron to Fill," Nellie great grand Hair Work.Miss Eliza BischofT's exhibit Richards;; recitation, "Be in: Earnest," Wilson children, for whose sake she left her comfortable was reallv verv cood. Rose; the fourth chapter of the Bible Queshome, December 3, 1878, Journeying In the dead Boys' Handiwork. I cannot begin tp enutions and Answers were repeated in concert of winter, to this new land, counting it only a by merate them, there was such a large" display. ' ; the. Association;, xecitation, "Lines Inscribed to pleasure trip. There were models of easy running wagons, E. R. Snow,"fJ Francis Wharton; dialogue, Daring life ; her greatest delight was in the harrows of all shapes and sizes, ladders, "Great Liyes;" by .six boys and six girls; sone. tillage of the soil, and upon her coffin was placed shovels, grindstones, and specimens of ama"The Good Bov!s Resolve," Wm. S.Wallace. a sheaf of ripe wheat, encircled by a sickle, with teur printing. The grindstone, by Master ' President Wallace made a few remarks. the words, "She hath borne the cross, and will Lewis Woodward, aged 12, was a very good Sister E, R. Snow Smith said she was happy wear the crown." "' model. A well made sauaro harrow. hv Jfns- in meeting with the children of Korth WlLLillHTIt JEaST, Ogdcn; V ter Tom Oldrovdi aged 13; model for violin, by thanked them for. the. welcome which had Lois T they Hunt, J waKeiieid, ageddO, and a whole host of en h( Anna 1, Rogers, clever contrivances by the boys. : , esting remarks. ., "Ellen Latson,-- ' The: committee .of arrangements wer$ Mes- - Sisters' Louie; B. ,Fclt,' Jolephme R." West , dames. Hannah Collard, Laura Morgan, Mary and Jane S. Richards gave some.,v"ery goodd-.- : i'i Ida" f. Hunt. Ann . ; Anderson, .Catherine . Sorensen Maria ' vice, encouraged the children to comcto their Snowflake, Apache County, ' Arizona, ' Ju 1 r ' Christiansen, Maria Bischofi, Jane Qrowther meetings, 'and spoke ab6ut nravk :lSth,18S2.Hv-i:' and Mary Guyman, assisted -- by . Aunt Polly Bto. Wm.. S. Stowcl made ' some excellent -J' ' ohnson, Aunt Jane Woodward and Mrs. Mer- remarks.' i cio Ivry. Conference was adjourned 'forhreo months; S, Y. lu M. I. Al"4 AND PRIMARY Miss Annie Anderson, iSecretary. : Singing-- "Lord grant that we in wisdom's St: REPORTS Miss S. E. Collard, Assistant r ways." Benediction. Secy'. E. C. Wallace, Secretary. WA3ATCH. . VSEONrPEUklARY. Mapy STOREy,Assistaht Sec'y. The Relief Society Conference of the Wa "second annual ihe meeting' of the Prinjarv atch Stake of Zibn convened on Fridav Mav Association of Vernon was held on the 15th o'f FOUNTAIN GREEN PIJIifARY. 12th, 1882; in the Social Hall,- - Heoer City at Juno, 1882. We are only a small association Yesterday was a grand gala' day here for . tnn ii ntT.n -. firm L both Toung and; old; the occasionBrown to encourage and interest the little being the pressing. Preset t on the stand were nrst Primarv-Kones,.it had h were m pxaw. - xui . Hatch, Bishops Thorn iS Rhan,? -r L irni. n:. been Out in mil lorce and hpnTrtiV 0:11 nu.-T- i. -- 1 iJieChildren-Mp- t t,un ;j FiUnt5l? GreeQ SociaI Hall,which ZZf d, m.tendered nnd of a day bounteous partook dinner protor. the event. by Elder John Jordan vided bV'the' Mrfinh.'mfinv flP Vw'i-A.- , nrticlcs that sent. Upwards ofone hundred ef joined in wcroboth.useiuliand4)eautiful; cacewerffreadand accept, d. - 7 su-- : dint 4haiilA ..-u-v. 9 uiiciiiijra iuw.vujiuicu d.cakes of all . vu cxaiomon, - mi were very .. c 1 l. j , t iiusiea : by er pleasantiy surprised- - to M3 N. Holman, aged. eleven, was variety, taste od- - " 3 iT7 6 wjwiioi inougnwenumDer buHfQmember3,we counted thirty-niD- - June-19ib,18S- ' 12, and fancy open work hose, Miss Anni e : Neilson, aged 15. ' t: ine next table or stand was devoted - to Plain jewing, by. hand. Amongst the articles of merit was an apron byMiss Annie son aged 12, and a largo varioty of patchwork; quilts and blocks, some the work of very tiny hands.-- . Samples by. Miss E. J. Curtis, aged 5, - A MOTHER IN ISRAEL. - - d Elmina S. Taylob, Pres't. Louie Wells, Secretory, Central Onhnextrtablefts S fnllnwinp- wards were then represented: Sister Forman gave a report of the Relief Society of the West Ward, Heber City. Bister Rasband reported the East Ward, Heber City. Sister Meekbam.ava.a reportfof ilVallsburg; said the President was away from home. Sister; ...CIulT, speaking of Center Ward meetings,spoke Wilson-reportethe Mid very highly. Sister Charlesthe way Ward, Sister Taylor reported ton Ward." Bishop Thomas Rasband, President Abram Hatch and Sister Brown each made pleasing and instructive remarks. j The choir sang and conference adjourned till : The Young Ladlfs' Mutual Improvement Associations in all the several Stakes of Zion are hereby earnestly requested to prepare and Bend in a complete report to the Secretary of the central board in good time, that the Territorial re port In f ull, may be handed in tothe Presidents Office ten day previous to the October Conference. As there has never yet been a report from all. the Stakes,' t seems positively necessary, to 1 make this official call. ,.:,.-.' ombs x i o Sent. f 2, - ; . - :- -- Zf'Z'y.. - Tur-kleso- ny ' n, : " -- : - s, " . . . a4iciu - ' . ;:- Iatt j.jj. c-- . . - . . ' : -- ; . , , , x- vwi!LJuja - W flrmnorv?-Kof-l,AiT"tr- ?- Choir-sang.irPraye- r -- Mf .isplay.of fr11013' . " - -- W this-exercis- ftr eo-th- T -- O ? 