140 THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Editor. r.MMELINE B. WELLS, Ja 8alt Lake City, Utah Published Terms: One copy one year, $3- - 00; one copy bIx month $1.00 Ten copies for th price f nine. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time. $2.50: per month, $S. 00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. Exponent ()Q1p, Lower West Room of the Council House, Sonth Temple Street. Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. very day except Sunday. Address all business communications to sen-monUil- y, Publisher Woman's Expomnrr, 8&lt Lake City Utah. SALT LAKE CITY. FEBRUARY 15, 1882. IN MEMO RI AM ELIZABETH ANN WHITNEY. She has gone to the realms of an Infinite rest, We shall hear her sweet voice no more; Slw has Joined the bright ranks of the happy and blest, With the Just who have died before. And she'll sing In the mansions of glory above, Of Jesus, His power to save; JJis wonderful mission of peace and of love, And His victory over the grave. Mother Whitney has gone to rest. Yea, the lias gone to that rest that remains to a Saint of Ood. She has passed the ordeal that ushers the pure spirit into another and higher state of being. The tenderly beloved, the angelic peacemaker, the sweet songstress of Zion, has left us to join the innumerable, invisible company who wait just the other ide the vail to see God's pur- poses fulfilled, that they may return again to enjoy a full fruition of glory celestial. Elizabeth Ann Whitney, well known to the Church for her faithfulness, integrity and good Feb. 15, 1882, at workp, departed this life ten minutes past two p. m., at the residence of Isaac Groo, in this city, after an her illness of four week?, during which jteriod she sometimes suffered extreme pain for days together. Always patient, bm eet and gentle, submissive to the will of God, often repeating the words, "Father's time la the beat time." Deceased was the widow of Presiding Bishop Newel K. Whitney, who died ept. 23, 1850. Sister Whitney has been of eleven children, six of whom are now living to mourn tho loss of an exemplary pareut, whose life of purity and excellence will be for generations to come an example worthy of emulation through out all Israel. A heavenly influence ever teemed to surround her like a halo, and saint or elnner could not approach her Without feeling in some degreo its power. Sister Whitney was one of the tried and proven friends of the Prophet Joseph Smith, and ehe loved to talk of him and the iineiples be had taught and the associations connected with his memory. -- to-da- y, son-in-la- the-mothe- r In our next issue we will give, a sketch of ing at the threshold, and the angel of peace at the hearthstone." What balm has Congress to offer for broken hearts and desolated homes? This people so greatly misunderstood and basely misrepresented, have already suffered cruel wrongs and injustice in years that are past have been driven from State to State, despoiled of their goods, robted of their homes and inher" itances, and thousands have died in consequence of the hardships and sufferings inflicted upon them because of their religious belief and institutions. Will not the past suffice? Is this spirit of religious intolerance in accordance with the sayings of the 8avior, who declared that not a sparrow could fall to the ground without His Father's notice? This people at the present time are threatened on every hand. Measures have been suggested to take away from them every right and liberty vouchsafed by the Constitution, and these measures enforced would scarce leave them the right of conscience. But remember, great and mighty and rulers of the nation, that "What measure ye mete it shall be measured to you again, pressed down and running over." It has been said, and we had firmly believed that America wad the home of the oppressed of all nations, the land of religious liberty. How is it to day ? Oh, "how have the mighty fallen ! law-make- rs EDITORIAL NOTES. HOSTILE MEASURES. The' bills now pending in the Congress of the United States, asking for adverse legislation and proposing hostile measures for Utah, are of such a nature as to ttrike with amazemtnt those who know the purity of life and principle that characterize the true Latter-da- y Saint. Not'only so, but every" person possessing the true spirit of patriotism must see how directly opposed these hostile measures are to the Constitution of the United States. Axe there none in the halls of Congress, no men who dare peak out in defense of the and fllow. oppressed, their fellow-creatur- es On Monday, Feb. 6, a Primary Association was organized in the Fifth- - Wrd cf this city, with Mrs. Myra Winters, President. Siate, Eliza R. S. Smith officiated in the organization, giving much uood Instruction, and afterward Sister M. I. Home addressed the parents and children upon the benefits resulting from these f her life. Kimball, P. O. Box 785, Salt Lake City, Utah. General President Y. L. M. I. A., Mrs. Elmina 8. Taylor, P. O. Box 625, Salt Lake City, Utah. women countrymen? Is it possible that men and are to be condemned to suffer as criminals without trial, or the opportunity of defending themselves against assertion made and confirmed by their enemies Ts not this a direct contradiction of the laws laid down to govern this free Republic, where even criminals guilty of the highest offence must be Judged before they can 1) condemned ? Are the women of Utah not to he allowed to say a word in their own defense, while those opposed to the principles they hava espoused can be heard through every newspaper In the land, and their cause proclaimed from every rulplt? Would It not be well for the nation to pause, ere any Irrevocable step is taken, that would strike at the peace and happiness and individual liberty of the people of Utah, and examine well and closely Into the condition of the Territory? Would it not be wiser to hear both sides of this case, before decisive steps are taken to punish ? We have always understood every person in the Bepubllc was entitled to a fair hearing, before any verdict could be given. At the present time the Territory of Utah is In a prosperous condition, full of peaceful, happy homes. Shall these homes be made desolate, these wives widows, by a fate more cruel than death, innocent children be denied the father's love and protecting care, and the tender ties of family affection be dissolved and destroyed, to gratify the demands of office seekers and religious perscutors? Let not the wails of women and children be heard where now joy sits smil- We respectfully ask our subscribers to excuse the delay of the Woman's Exponent this issue, as it was in consequence of the illness and death of dearMother Whitney. . The Ladies' Lecture Committee appointed at the Young People's Conference, Jan. 22, are prepared to attend ta any calls made lor lectures in the different Associations. The Legislators are diligently busy at work, notwithstanding Congress talks of putting this Territory into the hands of Ave men, who will probably undo all their proceedings. The aldress of the Secretary of the General President cf Relief Society is, Mrs. Sarah M. institutions. ' On Wednesday evening, Feb. 8, a Social Pic. nic Party convene! in the Lion House, this city, under the auspices of the 18th Ward Relief So. clety, Ellen Barton, President. President John Taylor and ladies, also Apostle Erastus Snow, Presidents E. R. Snow Smith and ,M. I. Home, invited guests, were present. At about 7 o'clock p. m., from one hundred and fifty to two hundred people were seated around tables laden with the bounties of the earth; after which the g was spent in a truly social manner, In con versation, interspersed with instrumental sola, songs, Breaches and recitations. The spirit of love and union prevailed, in which all participated, until 11 o'clock p. m., when the assemblage was dismissed with prayer by Elder John Nicholson Hannah. M. Wright, Sec'y pro tern. eve-nin- OBITUARIES. We regret to chronicle the death of our esteemed and beloved sister, Eliza A. Thomas, who departed this life Jan. 14, 1882, after an illness of one week with scarlet fever. Deceased was born in Heber City, Utah, Nov. 9, 1865. She was baptized when eight years old, October 2, 1881. Was a member of the Sunday School and Y. L. M. I. A., and well known for her sterling qualities, and the news of her death cast a feeling of sadness over the ed entire community. The funeral services were held In the 4th Karl G. Maeser and V. L. Ward, Provo. Halliday wern the speakers on the solemn occasion; members of the Young Men's Association acted as pall bearers. We sincerely condole with the relatives and friends of our departed sister. resolutions op respect. Whsreas, God in His providence has called from our midst our much esteemed and respected in the cause of Improvsister and co-labo- rer and, Whereas, Realizing the great loss sustained the by the Association and the promoters of cause of truth, and especially him to whom she and plighted her troth, her parents, relatives ement; friends; therefore, Be it resolved, That we do sincerely condole with them in this their great affliction and bereavement, and tender to them our heartfelt sympathy. Resolved, That we unanimously adopt these resolutions as a token of respect and high appw elation of her sterling qualities. Resolved, That these resolutions be spread upon the1 minutes of the Association, and thaj a copy be forwarded to her parents, and they be published In the Woman's Expose1, Amos D. George Committee, Holdaway, Elliot. ovrtves. Hannah Arrowsmith, Maggie Watson, 