WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 3 1 t becomes manifest, either that a man who as the misfortune to lose the wife of his youth shall remain single to the day ofhis death, or be hereafter,, if not here, what many regard with horror, a polygamist, or should the wife of his youth be so unfortunate as td bear him no children, he must needs come up in eternity a leafless branch. "With us' motherhood is the families crowning glory of womanhood, our are not kept within fashionable and convenient limits either by infanticide or abortion; every child is welcomed as a heritage from God. I do not assume that polygamy is a system calculated to enhance earthly happiness; I scarcely think there is any one who would hazard the assertion, that man is made Jiappier by the care of a large family, or woman by the consciousness of divided love, but certainly there is no degradation in laying the holiest affection of the heart on the altar of duty. Was Jesus degraded by the cross, or the Apostles by being put to ignominious deaths? This people receive ana practise polygamy as a revelation from God, and regarding it as they do,' see no more cause to blush for their marriage relations than has innocence for being innocent or purity for being pure. I shall make no effort to conceal the fact, nor do I deem it necessary to apologize, for that which must, unavoidably exist in a community gathered as this has been, from all parts of the world, viz; that there are those among us)f inferior minds incapable of appreciating sacred things, and this holiest principle of the Gospel is to them like casting pearls before swine, but they, as well as the rest of mankind, have a right to their agency, and we have no right to restrict them in the exercise of it. Plural marriage, to one who believes that all ties will terminate with this life, and that there is no necessity to lay a foundation here for the life beyond, is not only unnecessary but altogether undesirable, but to all who accept it as a direct command from God, it is not only essential but imperative, and no one who o regards it could drop this tenet of their faith without greaVviolenee to their conscience. L. JENNY LIND G0LD3CHMIDT. "She, more sweet than any bird oa boub, Would often times amongst them havo a part, And strive to pass, as shQ could trell enow, Their native language by her skilful art." What would life bo without music, without the sweet sounds that cheer and purify our souls and bring us nearer heaven and nearer God? There are few, if any, who have not felt its holy influence. Even the song-biras he flits from bough to bough, has a sweet song of cheer for us all. There is nothing that so soothes the troubled soul and calms it to rest. Music ha3 moved the heart that seemed as stone and melted it t) tear3. It i3 the one art that seems fitted to all time3 and places; it matters not whether we are sad or joyouswe still love music r Now" and then we meet with one of its great interpreters and of these perhaps none are more worthy of the fame they have acquired than i3 Jenny Lind. This queen of song was born at Stockholm, Sweden, October 6th, 1821. Her parents, though poor, were very respectable people, her father being a teacher of languages, and her mother a school mistress. When Jenny Lind was twenty months old she could sing the airs of her native land with great perfectnes3. When three years of age she seemed to care for nothing but music, and would sitalone for hours and sing until her little heart would swell with rapture, as she sung song after thecorrectnes3 and expresSouof a woman. When she was nine year3 of age an actress, by the name of Lunberg, while passing, heard the silvery tones of her voice and was d, i 183 sono-wit- so charmed that she at once went to Jennie's and parents persuaded them to allow her to b trained for the opera. After gaining thei consent, Madame Lunberg had the pleasure o conducting her to M. Croelius, one of the most noted musicians of Sweden. He at once became perfectly enchanted with her voice, as well a3 the sweet simplicity of her manner, and resolved to present her to" Count Pucke, man ager of the king's theatre. It is customary in Europe for conductors of royal opera houses to 'educate and train pupils for the stage, and they generally have a school attached for this purpose, M. Croelius succeeded in presenting her lo the Count, but when he saw the pale slender girl of ten years before him ho said, in a harsh tone, What! this ugly cfeafure, with such feet and such a face? She will never be presentable. No, we can have nothing to do with her. The old teacher became enraged and knowing well the, power of her voice said,V then, poor as I am, I will take her. The con ductor seemed not a little abashed, when ho heard the earnest remarks of the old gentleman and after sometime he consented to hear the child sing. And, as her little bosom swelled with indignation, she sung such notes as she hadnever Sung in all her life. Before she had finished her song it is needless to say that the Count changed his mind, and she wa3 at once admitted to the school and placed under the immediate training of the best musicians. Now and then during the season the children of this school were required to take part in little' plays written expressly for them, and it was in one of these that Jenny Lind first made her appearance before the public, in the eleventh year of her age. Her part wa3 that of a beggar girl; it was not a favorite part, but she sung with so much feeling that the whole she afterwards apaudience were in little plays and the peared quite frequently was so successful that all Stockholm considered her a prodigy; but just when herfuture seemed so bright, a cloud suddenly overspread" her, horizon, her voice failed her; she gave up the opera, but continued four years studying instrumental music and composition. During these four years, that seemed a lifetime to the ppor disappointed girl, she had blossomed into a beautiful woman. And on her seventeenth birthday it so happened that a concert was given, the principal feature of which was the fourth act of Robert 16 Diable, in which the part of Alice was assigned to her, she had but one solo and that was generally any thing but popular with singers; she studied it diligently but feared greatly lest her voice should forsake her, entirely. So long had it been since she looked the public in the face, that she had emerged from childhood to a woman, and she determined to overcome her fright, and, strange a3 it may seem, her voice returned in all its wonderful power and her beautiful notes vibrated the hearts of all present so much so that they rose to their feet and greeted her spell-boun- d; The next morning the conductor, after mgraulating her, told her thlt she was cast for the very important part of Agatha, in Der Frie3chutz; no words clan express the joy she felt on learning this; she had always longed to play this part more than any other, but of late had almost given up her loved desire. It is said that at the last rehearsal of thb piece the musicians laid down their wiilrthnnderr of "applause. instruments to applaud her, she sung with so much power. This was her first appearance in the royal opera and on the night of performance the spectators were not only pale wi th joy, but there was scarcely one who did not shed tears. This was followed by repeated sucesses until she become the favorite of all Stockholm, but her voice, from over exertion, she saw was again failing her, and she felt the necessity of having better instruction than her own country afforded. She traveled through Norway and Sweden with her father) giving "concerts in 7 order to obtain means to go to faris and study under Garcia. '- - These concerts were a perfect success, ancLshe at once went to Paris. Her interview with Garcia was very disheartening, he told her that she had had a voice, but was .. on the point of losing it. You must, he said jest for three months, and then return to me 'and I will do all in my power for you When the time had expired she came back refreshed, and her voico was now ready for cultivation. During her residence in Paris she had the honor of singing before Meyerbeer, who instantly the fine quality of her voice; after this he gave her a grand rehearsal with full orchestra; she sung the solos n the scenes from the favorite operas, and all the musicians were delighted with her manner and voice. This completed her musical education. She returned home, ave performances, and received several invitations to sing at Copenhagen, where she appeared before large audiences. The students of the University there jave her a serenade by torch light. This was indeed quite an honor, as she was the first one on whom such favor had ever been bestowed. She was very benevolent and frequently gave concerts for the benefit of tho poor, and was always doing something for those who needed assistance. At Berlin she was pronounced the best singer in Europe, and at Vienna her success was beyond all precedent. She soon afterwards went to London to sing at the Queen's Theatre, and while there it i3 said that no one was more enchanted with her voice than La Blanche the celebrated basso. He remarked one evening that her every note was a pearl; she was very much pleased with the compliment, and sometime afterward, when she better acquainted with him she determined to remind him of the remark; she went up to him and humbly asked him if he would bo kind enough to lend her. hi. hAt; ho seemed very much confused "but immediately handed it .to her; she retired to a corner of the room and after sinking an air into the hat, she returned and begging him to kneel, said Signor, I have made you a rich man, here is a . hat full of pearls. When she appeared in London the theatre was wholly incapable of holding the mass of people that poured forth from all parts to hear this wonderful singer, and many hundreds were unable to hear her at all, the struggle for tickets was so great After two years of continued triumph, she concluded to quit the stage and sing only in the concert room Her last performance on the stage was in May, 1849, when she played before the Queen of England, and a vast assembly of distmguished personages. In October, 1849, she came to America. Thousands of people greeted her on the shore when she landea. Her first appearance was at Castle Garden, where five thousand people assembled.7 This was the largest audience before which she .had ever appeared, and such was their appreciation, that the last notes' of her first song could not be heard for the acclamations of joy from the people. She sungfall over the United States and gained all the fame and honor possible for one to win in the musical world. While' in America; she met Atto Goldschmidt, a pianist and composer of great note, With whom: she had studied in Germany; Their friendslup. soon ripened into love, and: they were married at Boston, in 1851. She resided for sometime in "Northampton Mass.,1 and then returned to Europe. She has been admired the by English people for always her domestic, accomplishments, and tender attachment to homo and family. The last time that she appeared;-ipublic her voico still retained ail its sweetness and wer." 7At her home in London she : has devoted a great part of herrtime LtoHtilnmg- -joxm 'g ladies for the concert' room; but it" .wflf be longere ono will aitauTlbV perfection of .'long", that' did pcr-ceiv- De-ca- ea me . " , , . n Jenny lind. " , : Beitbice. 