m WOMAN'S EXPONENT. massive towers defending by four gates, the which still remain. Outside the wall is ae dry wide, and Jfrrty-fiymoat, feet deep, walled up securely and made doubly Ine strong wherever there was opportunity sandstone, material used is a ipeciea of coarpe -axe the yielding readily to the action ofeffectspick the of but resisting admirably the weather. Every conceivable advantage, m matter of angles and projections was taken, and it would seem that, before the days of improved artillery, the place was really impregand finest parts nable. The of the works are where the small river, the Pegnitz, enters and leaves the town, throngh low, fantastic arches and also in the neighborhood of the castle. Since 1807, when many other gateways were made into the city, the moat, at such places, has been filled up. Where it still remains in its original form it now, however, serves a more peaceful purpose ation though still keeping away a great enemy-starv- infrom the doors of many of the habitants, who make use of its low, warm sheltered location, for raising early vegeatables and excellent fruit; - One or two beer gardens flourish in the shadow t)f its walls, and right at the base of the old castle itself some enterprising Teuton has started a poultry house. The cackling of the fowls is not very conducive to the state of reverie and meditation which so ancient a place might be expected to produce. No one visits the city without taking a stroll clear around the original battlements and a more interesting hour can scarcely be imagined. A few mornings since I had just concluded the round as the sun peeped over the dark pine forrest on the east, and ten minutes afterwards took train for another part of the empire I bidding Nuremberg, as I now do the Exponent, for a time "Goodbye." tliir-fiveyard- a, most-frequent- ed - -- SCHWIEGERSOIIN. R. S., Y. L. I. A. AND PRIMARY REPORTS. ML MINK CREEK, IDAHO. unanimous vote of the people, reorganized the Relief Society, with the following officers, viz: Ingrid Oraham, President; Ane Rasmusen, First Counselor; Adolphihe Larsen, Second .Counselor; Sophia Rasmusen, Secretary; and Clara Rasmusen, Treasurer; thirty members enrolled. Six teachers are laboring among the sisters. We hold our meetings twice a month, on Wedenesday at. 2 o' clock. Total number of officers and members, thirty-six- . Officers of the Y. L. M. J. A.: Christine Keller, President; Minnie Eskelser, First Counselor; JEmllie Bjorn, Second Counselor; Catharine Keller, Secretary; Marie Peterson, members enrolled; total Treasurer; twenty-tw- o number of officers and members ,twenty-seveThey keep their own minutes and roll book, but are holding their meetings conjoint with the Y. M. M. LA.K every , Saturday., at 2 o' clock. Primary Association Emma Rasmusen, President; Christine Nelsen, ;First Counselor; Catharine Larsen, Second Counselor; Ane JLar-seSecretary; Karen Sorensen, Treasurer; members enrolled. They hold their thirty-fiv- e meetings every Saturday at 11 o' clock; meetings generally well attended. Total number of officers and members, forty. The Relief Society is trying, to get a farm to plant and attend the coming season, to commence storing some wheat for future use, and to help to build temples. Our settlement is very much scattered, and it makes it somewhat inconvenient for the sisters to meet, yet our meetings, considering, are very well attended.- - --The Bishop and a fewof the other brethren occasionally, visit our meetings and . ; n. n, recitation, Andrew Clark, entitled "Obedience;" song, Lydia and Emily Bailey and Bessie Stevens, entitled "Daughter, don't let Mother do it; recitation; John .Williams, entitled "Poverty," dialogue, Samuel Storey and Joseph SEVIER STAKE, The tenth Quarterly Conference of Sevier Stake of Zion was held at Richfield, March 17th, 1882, President Elizabeth Bean presiding. , After the usual opening exercises, Sister Bean expressed herself as being' happy in meeting her Drethreri and sisters in conference capacity, and thankful for the good spirit we had with us. Desired each one to try, by the spirit of the Lord, to magnify their calling, and perform the duties devolving upon them. President A. K. Thurber, who had just returned from the Legislature, addressed the conference. Related interesting incidents of the Legislature. Briefly referred to the passage of the Edmunds bill, and. its unjust and unnecessary, laws. - Exhorted the sisters to live humble and faithful,, and seek for the spirit of 'God to guide them. .Invoked the blessings of heaven V upon them. President Bean felt to endorse the remarks of Brother Thurber. She was reminded of Brother .Kimball's comparison of this work to a stalk of mustard. She loved the land of her birth. Persecution had commenced at the house of the Lord, and we should cleanse the inside of the platter. Order should e in every family; for this kingdom is one of order. Said the .Gentile . women could not understand the principle of Celestial Marriage; and they never . " . would.,; . Bishop Wright followed with a few remarks. Singing. Benediction by Brother G. W. Bean. 2. p. M. After singing and prayer, the presidents, of the different societies, gave verbal reports of their societies, showing that those who were interested were diligent and faithful in the performance of their duty. the statistical and Sister Celia E. Bean read ' .'of each society, and a comfinancial, reports , piled stake report. . The conference was addressed by iBrothsrs Pierce, Oldroyd and Entz, Sisters Hey wood and Bean. Ml gave, good counsel, ano! invoked the blessing of Heaven upon all branches of the Belief Society, Conference adjourned until June 16th, 1882. Singing. Benediction. . Bishop Rasmus Rasmusen, by ces "Wharton, entitled "Joseph the Prophet;" Ingrid Graham. 1 On January 14th, 1882, a special meeting was called, and counsel and 'encourage ms. 'Always'praying for the welfare of Qod'a kingdom and the interest of woman's cause and the Exponent as its advocate, I have the pleasure to be Yours, in the Gospel, , Cazier, entitled "A discussion between a Gentile gentlcman,and a Mormon boy;" recitation, Margaret Holmes, entitled "Address to a flower' song, W illiam b. Wallace and Cnarles .bilis, entitled "Say, why do birdies warble?" recitation, Ruth M. Evans, entitled ''Lines inscribed to Bishop Hunter," recitation, Rose Brown, entitled "In memory of Joseph Standing;" song, Edwin T. Alvord, entitled "Dare to do right;" the first chapter of the "Bible Questions and Answers" were repeated in concert by the Association; song, by Harriet Barker and Annie Storey, entitled "Lost and Saved;" recitation, by Florence Wade, "Make the best 6f life;" dialogue, "The history of Joseph the Prophet" William and Thomas Richards; song, 'Mother is dying," Lilie Ellis and Mamie Cra-gurecitation, "Memento Mori," Lillie Rose ; recitations, Joseph and M. AWallaco Jr.," "Air things bright and beautiful," and "I'm very young and little;" song, "Gladly meeting," by Naomi Jones; recitation, E. A. Chadwick , "The Martyred Prophet;" recitation, William S. Wallace, "The scripture alphabet;". song, Nellie Richards, "I'll bo a little Mormon;" recitation; "Nobody like ..Mother," George White; song; Lizzie Wallace "I cannot sing he old "songs." President Wallace then gave the meeting into the hands of the sisters from Ogden. SjBters E. Y., Stanford and Rose Canfield, counselors of the Primary Association of Weber Stake, Sister H. Nye, Ogden, Bishop Maycock and Counselors, of North Ogden. Sisters Stanford, Canfield and Nye gave some very excellent instructions to the children; they were pleased with the exercises and said it was the best conference of the Primary Aesoci- ation they had ever attended. The president and nrst counselor Irom tnc some verv cood advice: Bishoo Maycock an Sister M. A. Walker addressed the children Members enrolled, one hundred and sixty-ninConference adjourned tor three months. bin. in er "Love at home." Benediction by Broth N. Montgomery; Mary A. Wallace, President; if. Ellis, Col&ifelr' Storeyr andTIT Sarah Margaret . v ' 11 n Tl 1.1 ors; jKiiizaDetn u. Wallace, secretary; jpry ... btorey, Assistant becretary. n; JdLot-bprfflgsg- e. - . Celia E. Bean, Secretary pro tern. ST. GEORGE. The Quarterly Conference of the Relief Societies of the St. George Stake of Zion, held at St. George, Friday.March 17th, 1882. Counselor Anna L. Ivins presiding. After the usual opening exercises, the minutes of our last Conference were read and accepted. The different wards were represented by their respective . presidents. . The financial condition of the societies throughout the Stake were reported in a better condition than usual. President McAllister gave some very good general! instructions.'. The 'meeting was also addressed by Sisters Anna L. Ivins and Lucy B.. Young; and a good spirit prevailed throughout the whole Conference. . . : . . : Elizabeth P. Bently, : " Corresponding Secretary. north ocden. Minutes of a Primary Conference held at North Ogden, February 25th, 1882. Sister M. A. Wallace presiding. Singing, "We are the children of the Santos; prayer by Bishop Amos Maycock; singing, "Gather up the Sunbeams;" roll called, one hundred memDers present; minutes., of the last meeting read and accepted; 'read. Exercises: Recitation, Fran , programme ave TWENTIETH WARD PRIMARti The Anniversary of tho Primary imbciatiih of the 20th Ward was held in tho sjkwlboilse on Wednesday, April 19th 1082. Mrs. Emma Toone presiding. ExercJIes as $ual. Roll called; one hundred and twpty SixJnem- after bers" present. The programme for 'follows:' noon' Was as " EssaVi written n; sub- by Miss Isabla Sa ject; "The Primary Associatfdn." Son "Mossy OldlH " by Kate SharplLucy iva ge. and SehnafPusey and iimuy onarp. dialogue .n 1 on-jrst Principles of the Mime iteynoias, parlinfe Baby," by Gospel.' Recitation, "I K.ftt6 itnmnev. Hontr it I'm going to write to PaDa.wwith ac limenton the small ' piano, dv Josie' Dayn Tt5 ssayMii "Truth," by George Ross. Biblejquestions, answered by the pong, byFiOra Plnllips,en- titled "Happy Moments." Lines oni the resto- 1. ration of the G reciteoMiy Georgma loone. Essay, on "Ob byjjucy bavage. bong, e choir. Dialogue, "May-day,- " ' on "Attcn School," by Frank le Recitation, "Order- Pusey and ly Habits," iryAnnN Jackson. Recitation in concert. iswnanes, by tour boys and nvar; by Emma Forrest, "I wish Mainim w Reading, from the Willie Uulmer. J' u 