WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 138 SCENES AND INCIDENTS IN NAUVOO. BY HELEN MAR WHITNEY. We had known little but sickness and want in Commerce, and the thought of leaving there and returning to our early home and kindred was indeed a dalightful one to us children, who laid out many a plan for future pleasures and enjoyment with our little friends and cousins, in roaming over Mendon and Victor soil; but, alas! we were doomed to disappointment. Sister Young, we heard, had received a letter from Uncle Brigham, telling her to come to Kirtland; and my brother William, who had been down to see them, returned with the news that they were packing up. Sister Orson Pratt who was living with us, met Bro. Hyrum Smith that day and spoke of SUer Young's going East; he said he should advise her, by all means, to stay where she was. My mother had taken no decided step, nar did she intend to until Joseph returned from Washington; but when she heard Brother Ilyrum's mind upon the subject, she gave up all thought of going 'ack, and this all the airy castles which we had built were thrown to . the ground. Joseph had gone to Washington to lay the case of the Missouri persecutions before Congress, and was accompanied by Sidney Eigdon, Judge Elias Iligbee and 0. P. Rockwell. The feeling of injustice manifested towards him and his people was no less then than it is today, though at that time polygamy had not been revealed; and when we hear people say that that is all that is offensive in "Mormon-ism,- " the only feeling we can express is and contempt, for they are wilfully ignorant.pity The Prophet Joseph's last interview with President Van Buren and John C. Calhoun are worthy of note, as the feeling then was quite in keeping with the present generous and magnanimous spirit manifested by the sectarian world towards an innocent and inoffensive people. The Prophet says: "During my stay I had an interview with Martin Van Buren, the President, who treated me very insolently and it was with the greatest reluctance he listened to our which message, when he had heard he said, 'Gentlemen, your cause is just, but lean do nothing for and if I take up for you, I shall lose theyou; vote of Missouri.' I also had an interview with Mr. John C. Calhoun, whose conduct, towards me very ill became his position. 1 became satisfied there was little use for me to tarry to press the just claims of the Saints on the protection of lh President." When Joseph returned to his people it must have been with a feeling of relief, that he had done his duty, and thereforeknowing cleared his skirts. 4The God of heaven had overruled it so, and His Prophet and Saints felt to say, Amen; for they knew as well then as they y know that "No weapon that is formed IJis against people shall prosper." Soon after his return, Joseph wrote a letter to General Befinet, from which we take the following, showing there was no spirit of disHe says: couragement. "It is our intention to commence the erection of some public buildings next sprint We have purchased twenty thousand acres of land this opposite which is place, fastf.Temtory' filling up with our people. I desire all the baints, as well, as all lovers of the truth and correct principles, to come to this place as last as possible, or their circumstances will permit, and endeavor, by energy of action and concentration of talent, to effect those objects that are so dear to us. Therefore, my invitation is, let all that will come, and general partake ot the poverty of Nauvoo freely." first letter from England, dated a MJ April b, 1840, was received on the last day of to-da- ? Sfi? May, bringing the welcome news that they had landed in England, though they had had a very rough voyage, it being March, which was considered the worst month in the year gipon the ocean. I copy the following extracts from my mother's letter, for the benefit of those who were connected with her during her earthly pilgrimage. They will no doubt bring back many a forgotten scene and incident to their recollection. She writes: "We are thankful to hear that you and your brethren's lives were preserved amidsfthe dangers of the ocean; that you have safely landed on Europe's shored and are enjoying once more the blessing of health. The Lord is able to preserve whom He will, and I trust He will preserve you and biing you safe home; for it seems an age since you left us. . I have had another attack of the ague this Spring; yesterday I was very sick, but feel better Our babe hasbeen quite sick 1 had the ague; he took it from me. ever since William has worn it out fairly; has got so he can work and not bring it on. "The brethren have fenced and ploughed my land, and William has planted it. He has been to school some, and 1 intend he shall go more. Truman Barlow keeps school in this neighborhood; Helen croes when I can snare her. I teach Heber at home, for I know of no way that I can pay their schooling. It is to be to very annoying my feelings dependent on the Church when the Saints are so poor. "I have no reason to complain, for I do not suffer for anything, and often I wish I could know that you were as comfortable. We hear EXTRACTS FROM MY LETTERS. BY HANNAH T. KING. 1 - -- to-da- y. of the distress and trouble in England, and I feel for the Saints there; but the Lord will provide for those that put their trust in Him. Brothers Hyde and Page started over two months ago for Jerusalem, and are preaching their way through with great success.,, "I have just heard that there has been a request sent by the people of Iowa to Joseph to preach next Sunday. There are between two and three hundred people coming down the river to hear him. He has requested the brethren to give them seats near the stand. Joseph has preached several times of late, and told many of the mysteries of the kingdom. There are more or less baptisms every week. The Saints are gathering here very fast, and the place is being built up with great rapidity. "1 attended a party last Thursday at Bro. Robert Thompson's; it was three years that since were married. day they They celebrated the day by preparing a feast for the wives of all the Elders that had gone to England. They were all present but Sisters Hadlock and' Woodruff. Brother Hyrum Smith and wife and Brother William Law and wife took supper with us, after which we had singing. Bro. Thompson then offered up a very appropriate prayer for us and our husbands. We then Sister Woodruff is here on a parted. she has little visit; Wilford, three months old, with her. Sends her love, and wishes you to inform her husband that she and children are tolerably well. The brethren have a bee to put up houses for the families of the Twelve that have none." In another letter I find an interesting item concerning the Prophet Joseph's receiving a visit from one of the Nephites, who told him he had been through England, Ireland and that the work of the Lord would be short and powerful in those places. He also told him many things about this land (America), many of which have been to-da- y fulfilled. Mother, fearing her letter might be miscarried refrained from that she had telling all heard Joseph relate, but .aid: -- Suffice it to say, trouble is to begin at the election (which is the dayVK?0minS February), and great things are to be brought about." ffi You ask me to give you my views of Woman! I suppose you know it is a favorite subject with me; I own it, and know it is a subject worthy a mightier pen than mine, but not one more No, sir; I yield that palm to appreciative. Woman stands in the studio of my mind none; as a work worthy of her Creator, an4 bearing a striking affinity to him! worthy td be "the of her brotherr man, f or partner and time and all eternity; worthy to be his friend, his counselor, often in trying circumstances his teacher, his upholder truly all names in that one the Bible gives her, his "helpmeet." That we often see her fail in these noble qualities, has been no fault in the Creator; all that He has placed in that mysterious, complex organization is still there, often hid up through a long and barren life. Often she "dies and makes no sign" of the grand nobility that has lainsilent and unheeded, because progress is not deemed necessary for her why or wherefore, the grand future has to reveal. Probably there was a time, the mightiest epoch in human life, when, in her nature, she consented to humiliate herself and her posterity for a purpose grand and great as the universe is broaH and long, and lasting as the eternities! Was the rod put into the hand of man. or he usurn it? Has not munh nf wW CU d has endured arisen from her ignorance, from her of herself? Has she grown into the apathy that now hangs about her by a feeling that she had no part or lot in solving the wonderful problem of human life? There is no effect without a cause, but this also is a problem yet to be solved. I do most assuredly believe that woman evinces a higher type of the heavenly than man; she is more spiritual, more refined, more exclusive and original than man; and these attributes give her a keener perception, a clearer view of truth, of justice, an "intuition, if you please, which enables her at once to see and understand, and instantly to comprehend. Wilkie Collins calls this grand acme of character "impulse," simply because heknows no better. 1 ever liked Brigham Young's judgment of woman, and lie seldom spoke with velvet lips on such a matter. He said he would, in general, take a woman's judgment before a man's on common subjects, because they were not hampered with the of the world; their minds were clear, like a sheet of paper, etcetera; you will guess the rest. If woman knew herself, she would often be in school cultivating herself, consulting the oracle, i. e., the spirit that whispers in every human soul of its. grand origin and its still grander future. But she is awaking and working up to a point, and where she lacks strength and wisdom God will help her, for she is his daughter, and I know that fathers love their daughters and are proud of them when they are worthy of his love. I am equally, and ever have been, a great admirer of noble men. Some would say it bordered on the romantic. ITirworte! I eive it another name, I know that man is God's Vicegerent on the earth, and woman is his to walk side by side, shoulder to shoulder, hand in hand through the journey of life on earth. Neither can appear before God without the other, for Scripture says, "The man is not without the woman, nor the woman without the man in the Lord." Do these words mean nothing? Rather, is not salvation embodied in them? You, called my last letter "stern;" let me tell you there is nosoftening of the brain in Truth; it is a sword d both that cut3 ways. I, am in the school of and words bear that motto! Truth, my co-mat- e ! self-sacrifici- ng N-di- non-appreciati- wire-workin- gs co-mat- two-edge- e, 