WO M A N ' S E X PO NE N T , formed their parx;nri cii.'g a convention, and Constitution, whfch has been have prepared ratified according to order, and the whole matter Mill soon be in the bands of men who are empowered to aet in the interest of the whole people of these United States. TIIE TOIAN'S EXPONENT. EMME LI!CE IS. WELLRi jedltor. In Salt Lake City, Utah Published Terms: One cony one year, $3. 00; one copy six months; $1.00 Ten copies for tha prico of nine. - Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space,. one time, $2.50; per month, ,$3. 00. A "liberal dlsconnt to regular advertisers. "West of the Council Room Lower Erponent Office, ; House,-8ou- th Temple Street- .- Baslness honrs from ' -- 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. very day except Sunday. Bemi-montW- . y, HOME AFFAIRS. May 9th, the Y. L. M. I. A., of In the the mlh Ward held its regular-meetin- g Assembly Hall, pursuant to adjournment. Miss Kate Wells presidingJThe pro"gmmmeIwas one and well rendered." There were severall addresses were ON Tuesday . Aqarcss ail nnsiiiCRs commnmcauonB vo Publisher Woman's Kxtohet, . Salt Lake City Utah. a-go- -- SALT LAKE CITY, NE1,J882. The Constitution framed by the recent Territorial Convention,for the proposed State of Utah t has been Issued in pamphlet form, and is now in the bands of the people. The election for the vote " es or n o," on the Constltu tlcn,was held j in the several precincts in the various parts of the Territory, on Monday, May 22nd. As far as rejrtrta have been received, a heavy vote was cast in its favor, and t carcely any voted, "no." This Constitution now under corsideration, and upon which the peopl-- have cast their votes, is in the opfnion cf these wrll acquainted with the Constitutions of other Stales, and such like matter?, as good if not ""better, than Oat of any other State Ju in the Union. Certainty it is more Jusr, as far as extending rights to women. At no other Vmo in the history of the United Slatep, have women been admitted ,.ns delegates in a convention to frame a State constitution. There were three lady delegates elected In Salt Lake County, to the Territorial Convention, and they were assigned to placfs on committee work; and these performed their respective parts in the labor expected of delegates, faithfully and credi tably. This is a new departure and one in which Utah-ha- a taken the lead and -- it ought not to remain unnoticed by those wjio are workiug for woman's advancement, and the recognition of her political rights. The papers that advocate woman suffrage mit?ht notico this fact in favor of Utah, with the greatest propriety. It seems strange that they have not already done eo, rs the loaders of both the National and American Suffrage Associations, make every matter of this kind count in summing up the work of equal rights regardless, of f ex. The Constitution of the State of Utah not only allows woman equal privileges with, man, as regards rights of prov woman perty, right to vote, but also-maeligible to all offices of emolument or trust, except the executive and judiciary and sitting upon Juries. This leaves open to woman the Legbla-tur- e all educational oilkea imd such other efiV ces'as' do not rank in thon named above. .. The next frtep to Ixs taken. by the Convention when they meet on the G h cf June, will be to hear the report of the Elect Id' r Commiltee,ad pt a memorial to Congrtsn auJ elect delegates to go - to present tli Constitution to the Chief .Executive of tbe nation, the Senate and House of Representatives, (or the action cf The people of this Territory- are Congress. justly entitled to a htnringupon thispubjeet. The uumeriatTtrcirgth of the Territory ought to secure its admission m a State. Added to this it might be said the people who came hero and endured tbe hardships and privations incident to pioneer life,- who mado the roads and -btf dgeawdopemed up great commercial Interests"" here, are deserving of recognition taall the rights and privileges that pertain to statehood r ti vu . i Thef ecpIaJinyc no er-- ke Wa:-hiugttiFa- - . Ferguson, M. D. On Wednesday May 10th the Y. L. M. I. A. Of the First Ward celebrated their anniversary. A bautJfuI feast was prepared at tha residence Of the President, Mrs. Sarah Graham. SisttrE. R. were presS, Smith and many of her ent by invitation. At 2 p. m. a good congregation convened at tho Ward Meeting House. Mrs. S. Graham presiding. Brief speeches were made by Mrs. Graham, Sisters Elfza R. S. Smith, M. L Home, Phebe WoodufT, B. W. Smith, M. P. Young, M. A Freeze, Clara Y. Conrad, Wells, E. Howard, Dr. E. B. Ferguson, and by Coun. Steele. Afterwards some business was transacted. 8!ster GrahamJs Counselors and Secretary resigned their respective offices. The resignations were acce;pted, and a vote of thanks tendered thorn for their efficient labors In the organization. The vacancies were filled by electing Josephine Carter and Annie Brown, Counselors; and Charlotte Argus, Secretary. - Ox Thursday May l 1th the Aunualideetlng1. the Relief Society was held In the meeting house at Pleasant Grove,Mrs. Elvira S. Hirst presiding. Bishop Schonfeld was present, and from Salt Lake City, Mrs. M. I.' Home and her Counselor Mr3. Helen M.Whitney, alao the EJItor of the Exponent. The meeting was well attended, the sisters speaking upon thedutiea -- .of the present time, and the necessity of being jiumble and prayerful in order to keep the Spirit of the Lord. Much good instruction was given. Mrs. Rachel Whipple, Prest. 19th Ward R. S. o tbi3 city,and Mrs. Mary A.Hazon,Pr est. of Brigb. toii were present and made some good remarks' Bishop Schonfeld and vElder Le Cheminant few minutes, and encouraged the sisters in their labors. Afttr the meeting all Eat down to a most delicious dinner, which had been pr -pared by the sisters of the Rlicf Society. The time wai happily spent in conversation, and rll felt well pleased with the success of the meeting and visit. The familfes live onT farms eo far from each other, that a reunion of this kind Is exceedingly pleasant and enjoyable. A movement Isfbelng made ti give the "old foiksv an excursion. frd;i the various points, not far dUtant, to this city to spend a day at Liberty Paik. It la a noble undertaking and is being taken hold of in earnest, andjwlth euch efficient workers. that there is no doubt of its success. The , people will no doubt respond cheerfully "and liberally to aid In giving pleasure and recreation x to the "Old Folka." w-p- com niled In a forcible and interestlncr stvla. It fa worthieading and studying as It Is an able .. IjB. : oc-cupij- da We received, byccurttiv A. Little- E?q., a Hymn Book entitled "Hymns of Praieo for the Young." It is by Joel II. Johnson, an old time "Mormon." The hymcs pre all cf them rich In religious sentiment and of a devotional character. Many of them reefer sneoi- ally to the latter-dadispensation, the gather-- v ingand events that have transpired since this Church was organized." The author has csnsidcrabls cativ? talent In hh writliigs cf-Jam- es y " dLf--play- ed 'fz7'"' r: - defense.; - r------ -- The Ladles' Conference of this Stake of ZIon on be will held in this city the 16th and 17tb, of June. As there are some very Important inat " ten under consideration, It Js earnestly hoped there will be a large attendance. 7 co-labor- ers , -- eE Howarandj - , made-by-Icedimi831feez- A few days ago we received by mail, "The Mormon Pjroblem." It is "A Letter to the Mas. tacbusetta Members of Congress on Plural Mar. riage: Its Morality and Lawfulness;" by & citizen of Massachussetts. The letter is a ring, ing appeal to these honorable gentlemen, and many legal arguments are - brought to bear fitrjngly. upon th e question ... Opinions of great and wise men are given, and extracts from his. : "; THE CONSTITUTION. and it is a work that will be eood for nnt the voung people, but all Salnta. Bro. Johnson : is an .Eastern man, born and raised in Mass. The book was published at the Deteret News' Office, and is for sale there, Price $1.00. :. On Wednesday, May 17th, the 10th Ward P. A, held Us annual meeting in themetlrjg house. Mr j. Jennie McLean. presiding. Ther6 were over a hundred children present and tie programme was a geed one and well rendered. After the meeting all the company repaired to Fuller Hill, where the officers had arranged for a feast for all. The day was a fine one and all enjoyed themselves. , -- Tiie 19th Ward held their annual meeting May 19 th, Sister Rebecca Noel presiding. There were one hundred and twenty-fiv- e children present. Exerclees were well rendered. A pleasing feature of the .meeting Was the reading of 'The Gem," edited mothly-b- y their little-papone of the older members, every one contil-b- a tin g wh q will. The motto of the paper is: er, let our crown be truth, Our motto virtue be, 4tO Preparlngja s lorlife And for eternity." The editorial was appropriate by Miss Ella Nebeker, and the little essays which oomposed its pages were all very"good,and It was very Well read. A presentation was made to the President in behalf of tno Association, by Miss Addio Pugsley in it very graceful manner. It was a picture of the First Presidency, handsomely framed. Sister Caroline Raleigu made a few remarks, and the President i expended happily. The children went for a May .walk up City Creek Canyon the following day. , A FEW OF MY VIEWS. Dear Sister Wells: have taken the Exponent, ever since it has been published, and in my small way have tried to sustain it and extend Its circulation; but have not felt capable of writing for it, having never had the advantage of a single day schooling in my life, except abou t Jthrefi months at Sundays School, about forty-fiv- e years ago at Philadelphia; beside?, my mission has seemed preJ xmuch confined to home, : having a farming family of a husband and six sons to see after. Bat now that so many of the law makers oi this great nation,urged on by the popular clamor of Ignorance and bigotry as Pilate wa?,have combined together, and carefully prepared and endowed with lifo and sent on the wing a destrocannot ying. Jrcust, which th?y seem1 to believe fall to fearfully harass tho ftUnls of doi,9top the and fill our progrcs3 of his wctk on tho earth, cities with wickedness and mlecry tho eamejs their c!t!e3 arfTTceras though 1 must ppea 3" 1 -- 