W 0 M A NJ S E X--F O NENT VTTV A DREAM ANB.AAVikisNtMv fearing and trembling lest it fall and we unpre- - pared? I believe the spirit of God is grieved when we foolishly and unnecessarily expose., and pay so little heed and respect to bur t; physical frame, seemingly ungrateful to the great architect of our souls, who has so wisely. ... and uniformly fashioned every part and portion, causing it to work with such perfect harmony, and which taken care of will last a century, in this degenerate day of the world I say then let us take care of our mortal bodies, be mindful of the Giver, and preserve and ' nourish them in health and strength that the spirit of -- the Lord may dwell in them, untramelled with . ; : Of tho church clock in the tower, I 'woke to bewail lost time, v Time never restored hereafter, Though fcought for with tears tublime. Yet strove to resumo my labor, - To finish the task begum . That conscience mJght glvo the verdict : Of " Veil and faithfully done;' - . " l'b4'UiT7dy1odayi 7 .u i Leaving; ah&la of glory ? 1 iiThat gladdened my heart for ayd. .The moonbeams flooded my chamber .With glowing marvelous light ; .It While the rainbow hues of brightness-Grew more dazzling to the sight, , A power unseen impelled me To take up my pen and write.1 Sweet Love,- tho blessed E van gel - Waved high her banner of gold; 1 'Till from brain and heart o'er burdened v A torrent of, feeling rolled. ... Like pent up stream from the mountain " No longer to be controlled. . .And over a fair pure surface Swift arrows of. thought sped on ;x Thro the inky tide of blackness, Til the golden light was gone, -And night hod travailed with darkness . Giving. birth to coming dawn, L. M ILewimgs. Aicmsoy, Ka-- . ience of -- i A WORD FROM UTAH STAKE. ; The officers of the Y. L. M. I. A. and P. A. of Utah Stake have just returned from a visit. to the southern settlements, which was made in the interest of the organizations they represent Springvillo Associations were found in a flourishing condition. The presidency are doing all in their power to make them successfuL The equal attendance of boys and girls was quite an unusual feature, as there is generally a greater number of girls. Active operations for the coming Eair have already begun. The Associations of Spanish Fork are all ; osez:bfmoreatureage;heed . . the-couns- The President, Sister McLeany being absent'attending to her duties in the Deseret Hospital in Salt Lake City, Primary Associations there were ably managed by.the : two Counselors,"al though her ajnatter-ol-regr- In Salem, theP.-having suspended meet ou the account of President moving away, ing we reorganized the same, feeling sure those chosen would carry on the work assigned them m an aDie ana1 satisiactory manner, There are four P. A. organizations in Pav- son, the Presidents of which preside alternate;r- zlrzrzz. ly at their public meetings. . We found several new and interesting features among the Payson Associations, namely: ' . T - , r Fast days, verbal or written reports are sent from each district stating the condition ..of their meetings; day schools are suspended to enable. the children to attend Fast meetings. " : Under the able management of Pro. Stark, a - martial band, composed of Primary boys, has been formed, who, at the close of the meeting, played several tunes in a very creditable man- ner, which delighted -- the children and was a source of satisfaction to all. After the. meetings in Payson, the President proceeded to Benjamin, where a society was had previously organized, as no organization " . been made. In Santaquin the Primary and Y. L. M. I. - Associations meet together and were both in prosperous condition. The programmes for their4 general meetings attracted our special attention. we were met by the Arriving at Goshen, in children hoiiduy- attire, carrying abanner; surrounded our conveyance and sang a they sweet song; after which we repaired to the schoolhouse, having a most interesting time. .The. progress of the organizations has been , very marked. The Bishops and people generally showed a great interest in the associations, and seemed . . A TRIBUTE OF THE HEART. My mind has been much drawn out lately, when dwelling upon the divine will and purposes of God in creating his children and deal- " ing with them while here-- upon the earth, and ..who are, as it were, transplanted, nurtured and nurture in return; to grow and develop day and year after year, not only physically but spiritually, with understanding of both the means and privileges to the nourishing and strengthening temporally and spiritually .and reflecting our sense and appreciation of both, in our inner and outward Jives, granted and bequeathed to us by an all wise anabenov-ole- nt Father, the giver of "all good, light and knowledge, from whom emanates every gift and dispensation. Should we then be u nmindful of these great and beneficent blessings bestowed upon the human family, by such profuse and skillful hand3, the Creator of us all? I answer no, but rather let us, by the careful tending, teaching and training of the same, show that we, to a- - degree, are sensible of his : almighty goodness and -- loving kindness, in granting us, through our parents in the garden of Eden, an opportunity of working out our salvation upon this planet, through the redemption of our Lord and Savior, who suffered and endured so much for fallen humanity. Oh! let usdearn; wisdom and exercise a little, if only in our own behalf, to let pur heavenly Father know byu our " acts that we acknowledge his goodness and mercy; let us not neglect to study, the laws of nature and the inspired will of heaven, and to. try to work out- - our course accordingly, and not be careless and abuse the earthly tabernacles which are given us, in the likeness of our Maker, whereinwc may cultivate the same spirit which pervades the bosom of our Father in heaven. Treasure your uu as you ao your, uves, tor can you eve by-da- y , . et A. . '1- doing-- csted in those under their charge. : - . wellrjtnthe el and advice of your parents and teachers in the Lord, for increased wisdom is given them for you to profit by. Do not think you are too old to learn, for that is a mistaken idea- -I heeded my number's advice to avoid taking.. cbld and getting wet feet, for cold, she would.. say, is the root 01 all diseases; the consequence is I have a healthy tabernacle, wherein dwells, I trust, a portion of God's holy spirit; to comfort, console and bles3 me under trials of various kinds, and which I have passed somewhat corageously through, with the comforting thought that they might have been worse, and I - was thankful they were not. The : Lord will kave a tried people and where we can we will be tried, so we must round up our ehouldowraml prcpaic trareclTcc, iox tto bjm ... not, in the wise providence of God, what we will be called to pass through. Let us so order our lives that we may kiss the rod, for whom -- the Lord loveth hehasteneth. I amthankful- I can acknowledge his hand in all things and. ; confidently say "thy will, 0 Lord ,be done' also that 1 can discern the signs of the times. "' t ' and do the will of God upon the earth, that you may go forth doing much good in redeeming mankind, and be living monuments to his name, a name given whereby, he may be known among menl I appeal to the young who are more inclined to be thoughtless and who have not, neither are expected to have, the exper- ed; there you can learn habits - dcknesTandd Most priceless reward of merit," :: By tolling mortals won. Then came through my curtained window Showers very eprayr And all common things around me ";. -- struetureeveraeedmeiay;rTan I toiled 'til my weary finger L. Groped over tho long dark seam Then dropped into fitfnl slumber, 0 rvlld and feverish, dream; Where perplexities without number, " Crossed ever my path between. Juet at tho hour of midnight, .s. At the last echoing chimo of good order rulejJaws. of healthzJawa jof God and of and gbVernment, of yourselves, of nations and of. kingdoms, not? only of this life but of a life" to come, bodily, spiritually, and politically.- Of such is the hope ef Israel and may ; it ba answered upon the risin g generation, bi -' M. A. TrH .. Zion, is my praym J V--rProvo, June 18th, 1882. enjoy XrahsiehtTiie in an ill used.and worn out ; May we live so we can enjoy his spirit. fThc predictions of ancient and modern prophet3 are; literally being fulfilled, surely we live in the latter days. Let us gratcfullv acknowledge privileges by whicK we arc sur-- . roundedin these beautiful vales, where wo can : see and hear the inspired servants of God, and if we should not be equally favored with nice ..homes and as abundant means as some of our neighbors, may we keep in view the markTof our high and holy calling in Christ Jesus, and hot let envy creep into our bosoms and disquiet us; but feel glad that they are so favored, and hope they .may be equally spiritually blessed, to increase the good spirit which they already possess. I enjoy the companionship of such and awasd them every good wish and feeling of my heart; friends, indeed, of the same faith trying to live their religion and actuated by the same spirit. I can afford, and love to feast upon, the appreciation of such noble and ever "disposed togood deeds, Snerous hearts, been my anchor in this life, and has safely guided me through "many a rough surf, and may I never lose sight of the bark which has so far steered me through unknown parts. I pray earnestly for the spirit of God and ask- - " ing comes not amiss, particularly in faith, haVr mg confidence in my Lord and Master, lo the young readers of our valuable Exponent your trust in God, the maker j would say, put and giver of life present and to come, lose not an opportunity of attending your Improve- ment Associations, you can not afford it. You who are desirous and should be anxious to gain knowledge and intelligence, which is theglory of God and by which you will be exalt' v ; ' . 1 . half - - ' ' - The Bishops sustained us in our labors and remarks, and conveyed us from one settlement to the other. All the meetings held' were largely attended by young and old; and the Spirit of God attended us in our labors. A sociable was gotten up by the sisters in Springville and Goshen, where the company expressed their feelings, recited or sang for the amusement of those present We feel to thank God that the children are Jiaving - a chance to become7 more spiritual minded through the meeting of these associations. Zina Y. Williams, Prest. Sarah E. Clltf, Sec'y. , 