WOMAN'S E XFONEN T. 16a Tor ., : nose-bleedi- nt taken, the acidity should be controlled byTncorbonate of soda or potash. Eat only mch things as agree with you, and not too much at a time. By heeding the warnings of your stomach many doctor's bills, and even undertaker's too, may be avoided. . Shun feasts and big feeds. Give children plenty of milk and bread, Graham or oatmeal crackers, and good ripe fruit. They will not only thrive on this diet but keep healthy. In every house there should be a little nook in which a few simple remedies are kept. Among them should be extract of ginger, Dover's powder, peppermint,chlorate of potash, bicarbonate of soda, sweet oil, paregoric, camphor, arnica, a bottle of pure whisky, cotton, old a muslin for bandages, some sticking-plastee box of ground mustard and some ready-madplasters. Always strike a light when youjgo to of these in the dark, and be sure you fet any If pepsin bathe the face and neck ng with cold water. Tickling in the throat is best relieved by a gargling ot salt and water. Sprains and bruises call for an application of the tincture of arnica. For bilious colic, soda and ginger in hot water. It may be taken freely. If an artery 13 severed, tie a small cord or handkerchief tightly about it. Pains in the side are most promptly relieved s by the application of mustard. For cold in the head nothing is better than powdered borax snuffed up the nostrils. Nervous spasms are usually relieved by a little salt taken into the mouth and allowed to dissolve. is LAKE CUT. , SALT Spoclal Departments for Gent's Clothing: and Carpets, Ladles' and Children's Shoes, Dry Goods, Bhawla and Domestics, Groceries Hardware and BtOTCS. . DRIED Jg-2- paroxysms are relieved by breathing the fumes of turpentine or carbolic acid. Broken limbs should be 'placed in natural position and the patient kept quiet until the surgeon arrives. Chlorate of potash dissolved in water is a standard remedy for sore throat, particularly if the throat feels raw. Hemorrhages of the lungs or stomach are promptly checked by small doses of salt. The patient should be kept as quiet as possible. For pains in the chest or stomach, as much Dover's powder as will lie on a silver five-ce- the right one. An observance of these suggestions will pay well for the trouble. Sparta Herald. DRY GOODS, HEAVY DEALKiiS IS NOTIONS, GROCERIES, SHELF HARDWARE, GLASS & QUEENSWAREj AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS, Etc. 27 33C Of 33 Ii A 33.1the 32 S LARGEST aud Salt Lake City and vicinity will Cud BEST SELECTED STOCK of BOOTS, fullSHOES Also, & SLIPPERS, and desirable lines, boet brands Solicited. As the invitation is general to reply to Mrs. Scott, I will give a few of my views in regard to the peculiar order of marriage believed in and practised by our people. The "Mormon" women do not look at it as the "Gentile" women do; they sincerely believe it to be revealed from God, for the salvation and exaltation of the human family. It AT is the foundation for health and purity. A CUTIiEirS COMMISSION STOIIE. man marries several wives pure, virtuous women, they understand it to be a sacred and holy order, That husband keeps himself free C from such yices as prevail in the world he Of Home Made Trunits for Solo by JOHN , would no more associate himself with the vile, CITCXEK, Agent for the PKOVO WOOLEN MILLS, Old than he would enter a den of poisonous vipers, Constitution Unlldlnrt also HOME MADE ho for looks upon adultery as one of the greatDrown Yarns, Cotton Battlnjr, Blankets, White Yarns, Wool Batting, Flannels, est sins a man can commit. The wives love Colored Yarns, Shawls, Ifrooms, and respect the husband, and know him- to be Llnseys, Cosslmera, Washboards, Drue bee, Etc., Etc. Joans, Tweeds, a man of God, and they have confidence in his chastity and honor, and they are happy in each other's love. The children are born pure, and PALACE OF FASHION, No. 17 EAST TEMPLE ST are healthy and strong physically. It is the pride of a "Mormon" wife to have a large family of bright, intelligent children, and she deDesires the Ladles of Salt Lake and those vislttng the Citj, to call at her Show Itooms and see her New Stock of MILU- votes her time and attention to her NEUV. Thri Ifltmt nruf mnrt aftrltah nirvtaa rrf fTaa nrA TVn- little ones, in their earliest youth,teaching er nets, In Straw, Felt and Velvot. Also, a nice selection In the princiriowors, reamers, nusboe, Velvet and Ribbons In the latest ples of virtue, truth, honesty and industry; shades and stripes. Country Doalers, please CaJL Ladies' she considers this her highest mission Hair Work In all its branches. Good Work Guaranteed t upon earth, and she takes delight and finds happiness in the pleasing task. F. AUERBAGH & BRO. I wish every honest man and woman in the world could visit one Sabbath School out of HAV- Ethe hundreds that are established in this TerTO THEIR SEW STOHE. lis. 124 (26 ritory, where these beautiful, blooming, happy, CALL AND EXAMINE contented children congregate on Sunday to be instructed and to partake of the morning and Summer Goods, -- a. Spring Sacrament. They could not help saying in their hearts at least, Where are the evils which are the result of the practice of the order of Sus-aplural marriage? Terry. TINNER, CAS WATER & STEAM FITTER. An important installment of "woman's celebrated LIFT and FORCE t"Agcnt for RUMSEY'S PUMPS. rights" has been conceded in Switzerland, where Orders from Pumpa lie paired on short notice. the country promptly responded to the law making both sexes of full legal age at t3T Addroet, Dart I Jama, Box 308, Salt Lakt City-twenty-on- e came into force with the new year. In many cantons the ago of majority for men has hitherto been as high as twent-six- ; and, as women were altogether denied no majority, matter how old they were, the number of wards was very great. The duty, of guarWHOLESALE AJTD BEX AIL D&1LZH IS dianship m most cases devolved on the communes which have now been relieved of much thankless labor; and for the future Swiss women, at home and abroad, whether unmarried FHTEEiS RIl FIFO SPIIK BEDS, WIBE HATTEES5ES married, or widows, will be civilly emancipated h.clf tty-firs- t birthdays. In the town ot i Gall alone, fortunes to the amount of upwards of ten millions of francs were transferred to women, formerly in under 75, 77, & 79, First South Street, the new law, on New Year's wardship, day. SALT LAKE tOITY. IE A Ii A K a H S T O K i J" n . k, 's tea - n. pill-taker- -- S-A-L- . ul & I. FOR Home - Made 8ILiK, piece. Sleeplessness caused by too much blood in head may bo overcome by applying a cloth of cold water to the back of the neck. Sickness of the stomach is most promptly re- half-tea-spoonf- 1VE 5-0- IPlxXo Slioos, Olxil dron's tT tfceln tho West. Your Order an GEO. ZDTJIErOIRID. IN ANSWER TOSOME FACTS. nt lieved by drinking a teacupful of hot joda water. If it brings the offending mattci up, all the better. Wind colic is promptly relieved by peppermint essence, taken in a little warm water. For small children it may be sweetened. Paregoric is also crood. For stomach cramps ginger ale, or a of the tincture of ginger in a half-glas- s of water in which half a teaspoonful of soda has jbeen dissolved. A strong solution of bicarbonate of soda (baking soda) taken freely is a reliable remedy for diarrheal troubles, particularly those arising from acidity of the stomach. A teaspoonful of ground mustard in a cup of warm water is a prompt and reliable emetic and should be resorted to in case of poisoning or cramps of the stomach from over-eatiPowdered resin is the best thing to stop bleeding from cuts. After the powder is sprinkled on, wrap the wound with a soft cotton As soon as the wound begins to feel feverish, keep the cloth wet with cold water. For burns, sweet oil and cotton are the standard remedies. If they are not at hand the burned part with flour, and wrap sprinkle loosely with a soft cloth. Don't remove the dressing until the inflammation subsides, as it will break the new skin that is forming. A strange antidote for poison by dew, poison-oaivy, etc., is to take a handful of dissolve in water, let it stand half an quicklime, hour, and then paint the poisoned parts with it. Three or four applications will never fail to euro the most aggravated cases. Avoid purgatives and strong physics, as they not only do no ood, but are positively hurtful. Pills may relieve for the time, but they seldom cure, The latter end is always worse than his first condition. Stomach bitters are a snare, and only create a desire for stimulants. Indigestion is the prolific cause of colics, diaarrheca, headaches, constipation and many diseases of the bladder. Food that b not digested becomes powerfully acid, causing irritation and inflammation wherever it touches Many fevers are caused by it Pepsin is the best remedy, if taken immediatly after eating FRUITS OF ALL CLASSES WANTED. WHOLESALE AND RETAIL r, Whooping-coug- h 33 jfiL 3S 33 33 Xi J3 --A-T " - , H. DINWOODEY, -- FURNITURE, 