Vol, 11. WHAT DOES IT M AlTER TO ME? Court, and a large number of persons interested in the. case were present. If a stormcloud be over us riven, JJowingrm Tho very next thing that we know Right over us bending 7 A glory transcending, X k Is tho promscdLthe.beautifal Bow. So If justico bo from us withheld; Or there's eomething "we'd like that we see; ' '. If wo can't now obtain it, ' ; In time we may gain it, X I wont let it matter to me. . Dame Fortune herself, like a ; see-sa- X Xalls even hcrrtp3ndd6wn - ; While some are lamenting, She's something Inventing To lift them to wealth or renowD. ' Bat 'tis best not to trust to her always, ""Work and wait," to. success, His the 'key,'. What If fprtune bo blind tXX X-Or to others more kind, Need it matter to you or to me ? r ... If you needs mn6t appear out of date To hold up your head have a care; If somebody dashing Should snub you in passing, Don't wilt neath their Insolent stare. " Some," lacking more wisdom than, style, count your class and degree; Shall we ape their condition, To win recognition ? matters their notice to me ? ? For thanks be to Providence I surely We've friends, who are sterling as stecJ,-Wh- o ask not our station, Our income, or nation Caring less for our looks than our weal ; While such are vouchsafed us wo will not ' Wp cannot disconsolate be; X Whilst for friends we are grateful, 'Folks haughty and hateful-Ma- tter little or nothing to me. 7 I Oh what should they matter indeed; X U our hands and our .hearts are but clean, There's One high above us, r Will own us, and love us Though lowly our pathway has been. k And so,'when my body shall rest, - In peace with the quiet and free, If I bl umber protected, X By marble erected Or no, will it matter to mo ? X .. - , . " And yet, I would like that a few Should tenderly think o'er my dust, Here lies a frail woman, Like all the world human, Who was honest, and true to her trust. In place of a monument grand-Pl- ant near mo a flower or tree; So friendship undying, May mark where I'm lying, But I doubt if 'twill matter to me. S. C ' Emily Ilir.r. Woodmansee. L. City, Sept, 2ith, THE TEST CASE. - CHIEF JUSTICE HUNTER'S DECISION'. " Artbor Brown and Judge Harknefs for the ap. rT'rT''- plicant. Jjonndsxl 1st. The facta stated m the affidavits and writ are not sufficient to authorize the writ in ' this. x 2d. The said, applicant to be registered as a ; voter is not and wa3 not on the day mentioned a lawful voter, becauseshe is and was a woman, Westpbtt, for the writ of mandamus, directed yx;X- - to William Showell, deputy registrar of voters of the First Precinct of Salt Lake Citv.Countv of Salt Lake : and Territory of Utah. ' . . ne. applicant, Florence X. Westcott, ask3 - lortheY-wri- r-i. -aad- ,v , FARTICULAR. At 2 o'clock, September 14, adecision was rendered in the Third District Court, in the case brought to test the validity of the Utah statute conferring upon women the elective franchise. ; Thp attorneys on both sides were in x - --6uehi30iri franchise except by a direct violation of the7 K amaavit, m wmcn she sets torth, that she is a female citizen, of the United States, native-bor- n, and over twenty-on- e years of age; that she. is the wife of Edward Westcoit, who is a native born citizen of the United States, that she is a resident of the First Preoinct of Sal t" Lake City, Salt Lake County and Territory of Utah; that she has resided over two years m said county, and more than sisjuonths last past in said First Precinct; that on the 11th day of September, A. D., 1882, pursuant to the, nuuco uiuiam onowen, rne aeputy registrar laws of the United States. The only question submitted to the Court, and upon which arguments were heard, was as to the validity or constitutionality of the act passed by the Governor and Legislative Assem bly of the Ierntory j)fU tali approved ebru- ' r ';: L :ary 12, 1870. ; I do not deem it necessary in this case to enter into the discussion of the questions which have been so often discussed as to be almost threadbare, involving the powers of the Con-egress of the United States over Jtheemt6fieil of the United States and will assume that as to i . ' - . fvojerf inland " commissioned qualified and actmaTsucn reg-- . all things pertaining to - this Territory such istration officer in and for said precinct, and ' power, is supreme. The division of the Territlien and there before him she offered to register, tory of the United States into different parcels, 7 as a voter to offered and to take law, according denning its boundaries and limits, and givingZ the oath prescribed by tho statute of Utah -- tochT)articuIax-mrceTname, is the usual applicable to women or femalevotersrand "also mode-adopCon byted gress g "up a X the. oath prescribed -- by the - Commissioners "of district which-- m common parlance has come " j&iection lor the ierntory of Utah: and offered to be known Jbjy the distinctive term Territory. to prove that she possessed all the qualifications At the time of which xptlijig apart, the Conrequired by the act, conferring: upon woman gress of the United States has usually enacted the elective franchise passed by the Goverin the form of statute, a code of laws termed an nor and Legislative Assembly of the Territory Organic Act, which includes in its provisions of Utah, approved February 12th, 1870; and the granting of certain powers to the people rethat she was not disqualified by reason of anysiding within the prescribed territorial limits. thing in the acts of Congress referring to elecThe powers thus granted are for the purpose tions and electors in this Territory passed and enabling the people residing in the Territory approved March 22, 1882. She further in to form some kind of government for their said affidavit states that she possessed all the government and protection. It is well underqualifications required under the Territorial stood that all such powers, so long as the terriact aforesaid; and that she did no act or acts torial existence continues, are delegated powers contrary to the provisions of said constitutional emanating from the sovereign power, and sub- act or any; act of Congress; that she did at the WhatjeciLto be recalled, limited or enlarged. time and place aforesaid demand of and from is thus ever power which granted, subject only the said William Showell that the path be adto the power of the Congress to recall limit or ministered to her and said proofs taken, and enlarge, is supreme; and so far as the internal that said registration officer should enter her regulation of the affairs of a Territory is conname on the list of persons qualifiedto vote at cerned, confers upon the people within the Ter elections uTsaid precinct X"''rj!x ritory a governmental existence. That said William Showell as such deputy In accordance with this usual custom, the and registration officer, then and there refused Congress of the United States, on the 9th of to administer said oath and refused to receive, September, 1850 passed an act to establish a said proof, and refused to register her name as Territorial government for Utah. Prior to a voter on the ground, as he alleged, that there thi3 enactment no distinctive parcel j)f the is no valid authority authorizing women to of the government was known as the is and for the no that there vote, regauthority Territory of Utah. When that enactment wa3 istering of women as voters 'in this Territory. passed it came into; existence! Its boundaries were established and the form ofits government She further swears that bv said action of under the Constitution and laws of the United said registration officer she will be deprived of States was marked Out," and the power of enterthe right to vote conferred upon her by the statutes of Utah, unless the said registration ing into the business of forming a territorial officer be compelled by the Court to administer government was conferred upon the people T ' therein. said oath and take said proofs. ;.. The, executiveZpower and- - authority -- was"7 Upon the filing of this affiavit in the clerk's vested in a Governor who was to be appointed -office an alternative writ of mandamus was by the President of the United States. A Secissued in the usual form, and. the case set down retary wa3 to be appointed in like manner. to be heard on the 14th day of September, A. JChe legislative power and authority was vested tim- eD.. 1882, at one o'clock p.; in a Governorand a Legislative. Assembly. x thecase was called for argument, Sutherland iour thi3 Act Section of provided Organic and McBride appearing a3 counsel for the remembers of the the means and of electing way spondent, and S. J. Jonasson, Samuel Merritt, -- O. -in- :-settin - do-iria- ; THE WOMAN SUFFRAGE ACT VALID IN EVERY - In tho matter of the application of Florence . "xXi-llxx- , ; Sutherland and McJonde, attorneys- lor re spondent, filed a motion to quash the writ on opinion op .chief, justice hunter. rPl , ich ; ; in 