WOMAN'S EXPO KEN T. 17& the unborn infant to pass through, and it will exhibit its training from the earliest stages of It is astonishing what a creature its, earth-lifof habit we '.can make of an infant; if the mother is regular and wise in her habits, the tiny creature becomes the same, if a healthy child; if she is the oposite of this, the child becomes restless and irritable. When only a few the 'tones of its months old, it mother's voice, and even the expression of her facel If she is unhappy or irritable, or easily excited, her child will become the same; if she is happy and lively, the child will instantly partake of the same blessed influence. In this way commences the education of children; a mother should constantly remember the end from tho beginning, and hence make a point of never giving a child any thing it ought not to have, merely to please it, or to keep itquiet, Children are very easily pleased, if their tastes aro not early vitiated- - how often we see happiness destroyed through life by this early perversion; a little child is just as pleased with a rag-dol- l, nicely "fixed up" as with an expensive one. Feeding and clothing children prpperly would alone fill many sheets health is often deseroyed by want of wisdom in these matters, in fact rearing children is a mighty volume that we write, in them for time, and probably for eternity; a well educated young person,is a blessing to the world J let mothers work for eternity in rearing their children, and not bestrew s their young days with tho of tho age, its fashions, and itar nonsense, and their present life will publish the fact. The heart, the brain, the affection, the disposition, all must be cultivated to form a character. Never buy the good conduct of a child. It is a bad principle to say if you will be good, or do this, or that, I will give you a present a new dress or some other gift Teach them that goodness and obcdi thftir own reward; offering rewards is bribery and inculcates in them a grasping craving, and imperative nature; and as they grow up tney become imperious; yet, let there be times for rewarding; when a child has been good, and obedient or helping mother nicely not expecting reward, then let it come forth with loving and approving words; then it will have a beneficial influence, but never as wages, no never ! When a child says I will do so and so if you will give nie what I want, then is the moment to teach it, that to be what God loves; we must work on principle and assure them the reward will come, certainly from our own conscience, if in no other way, and that is the sweetest of all rewardsfor without it all others are tasteless. Teach them to despise being either bought or sold, and their good actions ever acknowledged in a suitable way that shall edify, and instruct or comfort and engender t. Kind and encouraging words to a well trained child, are more beneficial than any present. Rewards are proper for all but the way in which they are offered enhances the gift, or may have an injurious effect. The jewel if ever so costly, requires taste and tact lntAQ setting, ox tho intrinsic worth is not realized.. Dear mothers; young mothers, study how to educate your children in the sweet school Home, and in the future, you will reap a rich, reward, that will sheda mighty blessing over the evening of yourUavs: and will mw 5 e. will-understan- ; d gew-gaw- self-respec- . -- Women were employed and commended as compositors as early as 1481. The first notable feinal nniexjwas Charlotte dullard, who was in business forfifly years in the city of Psris. This pioneer of feminine followers of Gutten-ber- g was celebrated for the correctness of the works issued from her She first press. entered the typographical ranks in 1506. Ex. WOMAN 1 SALT T 33 LAKE IN BOMBAY. SUFFRAGE JE3 Journal writes: Now'thata special effort is being made to Massa-chusetsecure municipal suffrage for women in it may interest you to know that women in Bombay, British India, already have a right to vote for municipal officers. Four years ago, my landlord, a well known Parsee gentleman, was at candidate for member of the municipal corporation irom the Mazagoii ward. He appealed to my friends to use their influence to persuade me to vote for him, and finally sent his agent to me with the necessary papers and the blanks filled out with my name. The agent assured me that'I only needed to register my name at the Mazagon police station, in' order to become a legal voter. On the day of polling, one Paisee lady presented herself at the police station to vote for this gentleman; and in the Girgaum ward one Hindoo lady voted for the Hindoo candidate of that ward. This was noticed in the daily papers, but apparently did not attract much attention. At that time any person, male or female, paying taxes on property, whether as owner, trustee, or agent, was entitled to vote for municipal officers. Since then the law has been changed, making any person who pays a municipal tax a legal voter. At the last election, one year ago, several Parsee and Hindoo ladies, one Mussulman, and one European lady, voted in their respective wards. Considerable attention was attracted to this by the daily papers, and a certain amount of interest manifested itself, so it is likely that when the next election comes around, two years hence, a large number of ladies will present themselves as voters. Ex. s, Susan B. Anthony appeared March 28, DRIED FRUITS OF ALL "25- DRY GOODS, HEAVY BOOTS, OJflce cn Ifain Btrett, otr SORGEOH, SLIPPERS, AT CTJTLEITS COMMISSION STOKE. Home OK Trunks for Safe by JOHN C. CUTUElt, A rent for the PBOVO WOOLEN MILLS, Old Of IXjuIe Constitution Bnlldlnff; Blankets, Flannels, Shawls, Limeys, Jeans, also HOME MADE Brown Tarns, Cotton Battinj, White Yams, Wool Batting, Colored Tarns, Brooms Casaimers, Washboards, Tweeds, Brashes, Etc., Etc. PA LA CB OF FASHION, Jfiv 13 IMRS. C. 8T -- EAST-TEMPLE IE. Desires the Ladies of Salt Lake and those visiting' the CUT, to call at her Show Booms and see her New Stock of WILLI-NERThe latest and most stylish modes of Hats and Bonnets, In Straw, Felt and Velvet. Also, a nk selection in Flowers, Feathers, Plushes, Velvet and Ribbons in the latest shades and stripes. Country Dealers, pleas CalL Ladies' Hair Work in all its branches. Good Work Guaranteed ! T. P. 'AUERBACH & BRO. HAVE iTQ TO THEIH KB CALL AND STQBE, Us. 124 i 126 EXAMINE Spring and Summer Goods. DAYID JAMBS, TINNER, CAS WATER & STEAM FITTER. r 4 Agent for BUMSETS celebrated LIFT and FOBCB PUMPS. Pumps lie paired on short notice. Orders from the country promptly responded to. t37 Addrur, David Jama, Box 300, Satt Ldha Cifr H . D I N WO G D EYy WnOLESiXE 15D HXIAJJ, DXAUtK XH FIIRNITIJEE, iPlIH JEIU11E MinitSSEL FUTEULIM M Hardy Eros., Store. Special Study has been given to Sorcery, I)ii eases or Women, and Diseases of the NOSE, THROAT & and desirable lines, best brands FOR .SALE Home - made SILK, Tho worm on the earth May look ap to the star. ; -- Olxil clron's 1ST Pino Siioos, Tour Ordart cteln the West. art Sciiciled. GEO. UTTJSnFOJEHD. Mrs. Kobert V: Wmthrop a member oi the Advisory Board on State institutions for women; Mrs. Henry F. Durant is a Commissioner on Prisons; Mrs. Anna B. Richardson a Trustee of the State Industrial School. " "The first magizine in this country conducted solely by women was the Lowell Offering. It originated in an "Improvement Circle" in one of the churches in Lowell, Mass. Operators in the Lowell mills were its first editors, from 1842 to 1849. Its first motto was; AIID I 23 S Xj A. SHOES Also, full "Tiie Governor of Massachusetts has named FERGUSON, SHELF HAltDWARE, Of Salt Lake City and vicinity will find the LARGEST and BEST SELECTED STOCK of Union. . NOTIONS, GROCERIES, THE women should not be allowed all the rights and privileges of citizenship, but at present the law does not recognize them as such. Christian B. & Iff GLASS & QUEENSWARE, AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS, Etc. is no reason, in our judgment, why ELLEN PHYSICIAN X. "s O. WHOLESALE AND RETAIL DEALE113 be- The articles were all written by factory crirls. and printed as written. Miss Lucy Larcom was one of its frequent contributors. "The whole Lowell factory community in 1840 was filled with the idea of self culture and Ba better education." But when foreign-bor- n operatives- - came mf and labor was--- cheapened: me wnoie lone oi iaccory society was changed, and the Offering had to be abandoned. But it was a marked power for gox3 !whilit lasted." CUSSES WASTED. S. IE5. KDJSlJi SXDIEIi. fore the woman suffrage committee of the tj. S. Senate, and argued in favor of granting the ballot to women. There ZZ2 Special Departments tor Gent's Cloihlnjr and Carpets. Ladies' and Children's Shoes, Dry Goods, Shawls and Domestics, Groceries, Hardware and Stoves. of the Boston Woman's A correspondent X CUT. . AND LUNGS, 75, 77, & 79, First South Street, SALT LAKE CITY. 