WOMAN'S EXP ON E N T. and the Lord has blessed me abundantly with joy and peace, which man can neither give nor FLOWERS. I believe all you say with regard to the infidelity of husbands to their wives. There are several cases of that kind in Salt Lake City; I will mention one, my nearest neighbor, a Gentile. He could strut around with his d cane, drinking brandy, visiting houses of prostitution, and moving in good society as a gentleman; while his poor wife and children were suffering for food and clothing, the "Mormon" women administering to their wants. Yet he would look with horror on his neighbor who had more wives, and who provided for and was true to them. Shame on such inconsistencies ! Oh, women of the world, can you be happy under such treatment?- - I assure you that the "Mormon" women need no sympathy from Christendomibr-the- y are happier in the of their than the women of the religion spirit world know how to be. Understanding the noble mission of woman on the earth is to bear the souls of men, and to obey the first command given to our first parents, to multiply to-da- y Millions have lived through Sprine's bright honrs Have gathered, too, its choicest flowers, And id reamed beneath Its fairy bowers. gold-heade- Have toiled beneath the burning sun, Have fallen ere the course was rnu, "Which with light hearts they had begun. voices borne the song From age to age, from throng to throng, Which millions more will still prolong. sweet-tone- d And yet the song is just as dear, As bright the dream, as 6ad the tear, That meet ns in our pathway here. wouTd 6ing of God's lovfd dower, That chpers the heart with magic power, The sweet, the lovely, smiling flower. So T We might have lived withoutjthetr light, But would existence be asbright Did they not beamjjpon the sight? They smilo ajntd the darkest doom, They chase the shadows from the tomb, An4 teach hs hope amid its gloom. In them the resurrection trace, We see the dead to life give place, In beanty and In matchless grace. And to those flowers of the heart, Kind words of love that ne'er depart, And many a heavenly action start, and replenish the earthy therefore they appre- -' ciate their children, knowing, as Solomon, the wise man has said, that they are "an heritage from the Lord." The great promise made to Abraham was, that to his posterity there should be no end. Now, I will tell you some of our family secrets. The Lord has given to the Latter-daSaints the sealing ordinance, whereby they are married for time and eternity, husbands and wives being united in the resurrection of the just, to continue their family relations throughout all eternitv. How happifying the thought that death will not separate us from our dear one ! Have the women of the world any such assurance, when they are only married till death doth them part? I am sincere in saying I would not exchange places with any woman in the world, nor give my knowledge and experience in Mormonism for 11 the wealth of Christendom. While Congress is passing laws against this people for imaginary evils, and foster wickedness and crime in their own midst, the "Mormons" will keep on in the even tenure of their ways, realizing they are fighting against God and His laws, and this nation will have to pay the bill; for the Lord will protect His people. Our Savior has said, "Blessed are ye when men shall revile you, and persecute you, and say all manner of evil against you falsely, for my sake; rejoice and be exceeding glad,' for great is your reward in heaven. y To yon I sing ; oh, never die, Bnt live as on the moments fly, 'Til Jn a 6ong is lost the 6igh.. Hope. A SHORT CHAT WITH MRS. SCOTT. ye were of the world the world would love its own; but because you are not of the world, but have chosen you out of the ivorld, therefore the "If I world hateth you.' -- take away. The theme is old yet what ia new ? Millions have trod the path that you are struggling through. And I And 139 Go.jjel of St. John, xv, 16- - The above passage of Scripture will explain the mystery why all eyes are turning with horror toward Utah. Now, this horror and scared feeling is all imaginary, and only seen at a disSaints are at peace tance, for the Latter-dawith each other and all the world. The 'Mormon creed" is to "Mind your own business," because but they are called out of the world,x therefore the world hate them and say all manner of evil gainst them falsely, for the y Gospel's sake. You say you would like to know how the Mormon women do feel. I will tell you, They all know that they are honored wives and mothers, acknowledged in society, with their children, and are happy in knowing their husbands are true to their marriage covenant, whether they have one wife or more. The Lord, seeing the wickedness and corruption on the earth, in his, wisdom has revealed the principle of Plural Marriage, to purify society and elevate woman from the degradation in which man has placed her; and woe will be unto the man that degrades woman, for she is a gift from GodAnd I can positively assert that in no place on the earth are chastity and virtue in woman more honored and protected than among the people called "Mormons." Now, we might be selfish and make a fuss about our husbands taking other wives, if we were of the world; but we are not of the world, neither have we the spirit of the world, but rejoice in the spirit of the Gospel, which has made known unto us that these things are true. I am honest to confess that nothing but a sense of my duty to God, and a desire to keep His command, could ever have induced me to consent to my husband's taking more have made the sacrifice willingly, we?4 I x M. Isabella Horne. LIFE IS WHAT WE MAKE IT. To some this may appear to be a very singular, if not an extravagant statement. You look upou this life, and upon this world, and you derive frotux them, it may be, a very different impression. ,Yf)U see the earth, perhaps, only as a collection of blind, obdurate, inexorable elements and powers; you look upon the mountains, that stand fast forever; you look upon the seas, that roll upon every shore their ceaseless tides; yoa walk through tjie annual round of the seasons; all things seem to be fixed Summer and Winter, seedtime and harvest, growth and decay. And so they are. But does not the mind spread its own hue over all these scenes? Does not the cheerful person make a cheerful world? Does not the sorrowing person make a gloomy world? Does not every mind make its own world? Does it not appear as if indeed a portion of the divinity were imparted to it, almost creating the scene around it? Its powers, in fact, scarcely fall short of the peculiar theory of tho-s- philosophers, who have supposed that the worlcf had no eUteuce but. in their own mind. e ' So, again, with regard to human life. It seems to many, probably, unconscious as they are of the mental and" moral powers which control it, as if it were made up of fixed conditions and of immense and impassable distinctions. But upon all conditions presses down one impartial law to all situations, to all fortunes, high or low, the mind gives their character; they are in effect not what they are in themselves, but what they are to the feelings of their possessors. The king upon his throne, and amidst his court, may be a mean, degraded, miserable man, a slave to ambition, to voluptuousness, to fear, to every low passion. The peasant in his cottage may be the real monarch the moral master of his fate, the free and lofty being, more than a prince in happiness, more than a king in honor. And shall the mere names which these men bear blind us to actual position which they occupy amidst God's creation? No; beneath that all powerful law of the heart, the master is often the slave, and the slave the master. It is the same creation upon which the eyes of the cheerful and the melancholy look, yet how different are the aspects which it bears to them. To the one it is all beauty and gladness; the waves of the ocean roll in light, and the mountains are covered with day. It seems as if life went forth rejoicing upon every bright wave and every shiuing bough shaken in the breeze. It seems that there were more than the eye seeth a presence of deep joy among the hills and valleys, and upon the bright waters. But the gloomy one, stricken and sad at heart, stands mournfully gazing at the same scenes, and what is It to him? The very light seems a leaden pall thrown over the face of nature; all things wear a dull, dim and sickly aspect. The great train of the seasons are passing before them, but they sigh and turn away, a3 though it was the train of a funeral procession; and they wonder at the poetic representations and sentimental rhapsodic that are lavished upon a world so utterly miserable. worlds in which Here, then, are these two classes of beings live; yet they are formed and made what' they are out of the verv same material, only by different states of mind in the beholders. The eye maketh that which it koks upon, the ear maketh its own melodies or discords, and the world without reflects the world within. Every disposition and all behavior has a kind of magnetic attraction by which it draws to itself its like. Selfishness will hardly be a centre round which the benevolent affections cling. The may expect to be treated with coldness; the proud with haughtiness; the passionate with anger, and the violent with rudeness. Those who forget the rights of others, need not be surprised if their own are forgotten; and those who forget their dignity, and who stoop to the lowest embraces of sense, must not wonder if others are not concerned to find their prostrate honor and lift it up to the remembrances and respect of the world. To the gentle, how many will be gentle; to the kind, how many will be kind;' how many does a loving example win to goodness, how many does meekness subdue to a like manner, when they come into its presence; how many docs sanctity purify, how many does it command to p''t away all earthly defilements, when they step into its presence. Yes, the good will find eoodness iu the world, the person of honor will find honor, and the person of principle will find a priuci x pie af religious integrity in the . hearts oY others. There are no blessings which the mind the bitterest evils,-anraa)not convert into there are no trials which it may not, transform into thev most noble and divine of blessings; Jhere aro no temptations from which the virtue they assail may not gain strength. two-differe- nt cold-hearte- d d 