AN'S EX P ONENT. WOM 2f , mey nave nqw-,.;,- , religious, Jflijauv c thrir m the me to growth and power point KIuOons-felatkopenmghet that they ieel justified, in throwing down the park by. Deputy KeccrJer II. M, Wells; song, - gauntlet belore the American nation, ana ineir "HaH Smiling Mora," Union Glee Club, dedi'. battle cry is 'polygamy or death.' catory prayer, Alderman A. H. Raleigh, Music, There, are thousands of women in Utah who, 6th. Infantry Band, 'World's Great-Jubile- e," if (hey dared do" it, m&ltf they felt it would Lewia; Music, "Pepeto Galop," Bpeec do any good, would - crowd, as many assembly Bee?ley's Martial Bind; song 'Cmrad ei in rooms and give utterance to as many strong Arm?," Mus!c, Glee Clut; Speech, Ben. Slieeks, bome-de: sentiments ': in denunciation - of the CroxallV iron Bush r, "Col Band; Esq.; Music, troying system, as have the advocates in its toast by Mayor Jenings, "The President of the favor, but the latter are with the .priesthood, United States," response by Gov. Murray; toast the controllers of society; while the former are of and D. "The Navy Gen II. Well?, Army by so crushed by the dominant power as to the United State?' response by Gen McDowall - have no positive mnuence.- Little, "Pioneers of McCook; tosst by We know iust about how much f this story Utab,-'- ' jRonee by Hon. Wilford Woo'drufl; few women o. believe. Therejnay be a very toast by Hem "Wilford AVocdrutt, I He of this class in Utah, but they could not say and City Ccuncil cf Bait Lake; response and lell ihe truth, that they were ever deprived Gth .band The Infantry, by Mayor Jrnning. of the right to speak, and act as they pleased and Let Mayer Lure," then played, "The Dsnt except it has been by their own husoands, as dclared-tho-Paik which I think he women in the world re,-of Jennings rroceedtd back to the City.. would not complain. In proof of this we refer our readers to some two years ago, when Libfrty.Pcrk is a delightful spot already) and - with the improvements now contemplated will tl3 woman's bill was pending before the Legisas a b and as lative Assembly, a few of our brethren became delightful park any yet peaceful city can boast.. quite alarmed at the thought of woman stepping out of her : place; and possibly they thought take into her own hands the reins of COMMENTS. government.'and some few lost their equilibri- I urn and said some very, unreasonable and pro- aDOUt xrevious jxl ffvoKing J 1 1 .1 r l tnings !.' it. no particular interesti. mine iinaa-iei- c :, Continued. subject of woman's rights except to vote, as I V had always done, since the privilege. was granas pro Coyner, it seems, acted ted us and was then among the most quiet and reporter at the Ladies Mass Meeting held in the Theatre,-which- , reticent, but with a deep sense of the wrong -- that had been done to- those noble women, as he says, was one of the mest remark"been known has ever able meetings that who were only asking for their rights, which, since the ofte in the garden of Eden, where a for centuries 'past, have been usurped by the woman was the chief speaker. "When I was "lords of creation," I, like many others, felt moo.w ooui 4L x ontitladL Tjaalc wieT&iooualy mdlcma.n.t, and in the heat of the y&g Vit to ca.ya, TT?TTnT?Tvr a tnvf! frrfr1 battle of words,-- returned fire with out fear or s was led to believe, from what I there read, that favor. ..... held were the in Utah women of men the a Tli is, was my first attempt at writ-- ; by; kind of captivity, not being able to escape from. -- ingor ahd su ed the following appropriate title, "A Contentas soon as the railroad, with all its ed: Wife." I know that it breathed the true feel influences, had reached Utah, the most of the ings of thousands of women outside of "Mormon- women would gladly embrace the opportunity dom," but who would not dare to utter them in of fleeing the country, to escape thraldom; but .words.': in this I wa3 much mistaken." , This is a People can prate all they please about "Morfair example of the ignorance and prejumon" thraldom, but if they want to see women:: dice under which the outside world are laborwho enjoy true freedom, let them come to Utah. The writer admits that he has been treated as ing. One might suppose that when ho (Coyner) found himselt so much mistaken, in this that a gentleman shonld be, by the Mormons, since possibly thero might be other reports equally he has been in the Territory; But still he and false "about the Latter-da- y Saints. The same his feel it their duty, is loyal writer says: "One of the arguments in defense Christian citizens, to publish all that they can of 'polygamy is that it is the only preventive of gather up from apostates, and wicked desigis. the social evil. But this true?" , ning persons in our midst to arouse the feelings "We answer, yes. He continues; "If it is a fact of the whole world against us, fearing that un: that plural marriage docs tend to develop a less something is done quickly they ' will be virtuous state Tof society, does cherish and prooverpowered by what Ac calls the "Modern tect the sacred rights of confiding woman, does abusive harangue hierarchy." After a very : : Prof. throw a holy and sanctifying intluenco around' Coyner declares to the American people the homo circle, does contribute to the bring- that "if something is not done soon to stop nooie ouapring: then the this ing up aveii-irainefanaticism, Mormon .church is justifiable in asking the either our free institutions down be must co IlTTcT adopt that-whi- ch 7 Christiahv6rldrfo-lahctio- n or with must be neath, slavery it wiped out in produces such glorious results." blood." He supposes the ."Mormons'! to be We can testify, from experience, that this is who very bitter against the governmenta fact; but, he says, "The7 ones who have the Svhen the opportunity comes will not hesitate " best means of ascertaining the true condition to draw the sword and fight for their xeligionJi - of thing3, in this respect, in thi3 Territory : This we admit is a say very natural conclusion, that, for tho same, population, there is more and we know that the Latter-da- y Saints are private prostitution and more illegitmacy in the only people on earth who would stand what Utah than in any other part. of tho civilized they do without resistance and showing fight, world." and what could they do that would be a strong, "The Mormons claim that no brothel existo er proof of their, sincerity ' than the follow in Utah before the advent of the , ;. ungodly Ge ing. tiles. I admit that such was He says, HI have often wondered ' why the likely the "cas for the very construction of Mormon socie Mormon people submitted to such dictation on obviates the demand for such establishments ; the part of the priesthood Thero is no other .This, I think, is plain enough to our undo church whose leaders would thus dare to rule itaading, and requirei no comment. "Beinjj I its memberehip, and if the pojmlatiea of Utah e waraafo' jup . T.J. -- opened,-and-the-procepgio- re-form- " - ' : -a- n " ed ! me-sisier- - s. i - - '' by-the-b- y, thubj non-Morm- . on co-work- ,. a, law-breakin- law-defyi- g, " ng . ; - ' ; . . - -- - or ?, -- --: s' lion-orabi- "Mormon , . ex-May- oi tne average American, the hierarchy would soon hfl mrown on; dui coming irom tneuia world th Mormons have been so long used to obey the ' dictation of those over them, without gainsay, ing, that they now. submit without a murmur and even. kiss the hand "that rivets the chains rztbat bin4 them." The reason why there is "no other church whose leaders would-thu- sdare to dictate its. is this .being the obvious, membership," very only true church that has received the priesthood; and for his information we will j list say-th-at the first ones who submitted to its power were "Americans" and that although many of J ; the old veterans are worn out and have passed J .: on from this be left have .action of stage they I hind them some true and honorable represent atives, who expect to live and take part in the great battle for freedom; and, to secure this end, we intend to battle "honestly, man-- noJ and "we-w- ant fullycowards in our band," but only those who will remain true, not only to our religionbut to our nations flag and bear it off triumphantly. But no stain of blood" will be found upon Saint for Truth is the hand of a Latter-da- y our BaUle axe, and though crushed to earth a thousand times it will rise again, and at last triumph over the, wickedness with which this earth is daily. filling lup her cup; while thoso who only live toT propogate and send adrift their mischievous; lies to bring destruction upon an innocent people will have passed away as chaff before the summer wind.. The yoke of the priesthood is very easy, and our burdens far lighter to bear, than is the thought of 8ubmiting to the chains which they are preparing to place upon the necks of men and women who only claim the same rights and privileges which are guaranteed to every American citizen. 7 As the"Mormons" pioneered to these Rocky mountains and have no intention to leave,' if Prof. Coyner with his delectable - feel themselvescontamin ated by our influence .would it not be just as well for them to move isle" and leave , the terrible to some sea-gi"Mormons" to themselves to "solve their prob; lem?" or "if they could be surrounded by, some triple wall" that would confine their modem christian influence to their own borders we as an "American people," would be more than will ing. There are two or three extracts from discussions delivered by President Brigham Young and Heber O. Kimball in the Bowery in 1856 and 7 upon which (like all the rest) they have put their own constructions. These are under the heading of "Blood atonement." r. President Young says, I want all the people to say what they will do, and I know that God wishes all his servants, all his faithful sons and daughters, the men andwomenrthat . inhabit this city, to repent of their, wickedness or we will cut them on." " ch Now in this he had no reference to "blood atonement." He was only speaking about the unrighteous members wno were like dead branches that should be cut off from .the church. Then said he, "I could give you logical reason for all the transgressions in this world," and after teaching some the laws of God, as were taught by Jesus Christ and which we believe will eventually be put in force he said, "The time will come, and ur: now nigh at hand, when those who profess our faith, if they are guilty of what some people are guilty of will find the axe laid tho ront nf the trftft. and thevwill be hewn down.. - What has been must i bo again, for the Lord is coming to restore all things." ; ; The Latter-da- y Saints look upon hanging tne most barbarous a practice, for it depnves criminal and . even a murderer of the only atonement left him that he can possibly mat6 7yokTehe to-t- he . -- and-patriotic- ally, co-work- ers rt , .. . com-nutt- ed 