W 0 MAN'S seriiOO&.tf aa snt; after the usual ex- EXP ONE NT. .39 RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. ercises, in gongs, dialogues, recitations, questions oniifierent jEubjectsetc, etcJTfee Presi- - "loved me too well to teach'; me anything that was not strictly pure, virtuous and exalting in Its tendencies"; and no one" else1 could have influenced me at that time or brought" me to of a doctrine so utterly repugnant and so - i Tooele County and from & Ward of Spring-villUtah County were present.' Both spoke very encouragingly to the children, pronounc- ing their little efforts as qfiile equal to those of Associations in other wards. j.. y After spending two hours in dancing, the children- - were dismissed by singing "Our Own Benediction by one of the Sunday School." little boys. Financial report, beginning June loth, 1 881, ; ending June 15th, 1882: Karnes enrolled, 44; average attendance, 20;. meetings during the year, 32; amount in trea sury from last year, So.oojceveaduringjh i Kesolutions of respect on thedeath-o- f Anina member of the 3rd Ward Primary Ihister, " sociation of Logan A3rJuu,. ia u.3 wisaom, nas seen nt to can :: another of Hi3 precious iewels. and ns th r lm ; labored faithfully Jri the performance of every as members we, of the' Primary Associduty, ation, unanimously adopt the following rcsolu- - e, Il ls S.O 1r Cityi""-"""- : 1 tions: . ; ; First-W- e sincerely condole with her guar-dian- s, her brothers and her sister,' in this their heavy bereavement and I we tender them our ' heartfelt sympathy. . ; -- i ' - -- May;beraa by the members of cur Association so that, hor neble example may stimulate others to a life of virtue. yearTTFtotaOlUTODisbursedhT in1 Salt Lake y -- Temple, $6.50; books,$l,50; : ? - -- L.-: Esthek A. Benniox, President. Mary A Hickenso Secretary. trefisuryr$2.70"-"""""ts : j. . sterling qualities, and that a copy, of them be forwarded to- her .guardians, and also to the Logan Leader and the Woman's Exponent. - . An evil speaker differs. from an evil dor only; in the want of opportunity, QuintUia : . - .SGENES ANB INCIDENTS IN KAUVOOr RY UELES SIAR WHITNEY. y. , With all . the false traditions in which we and in consequence of the degenerate tide with which, the human family have been drifting for generations past, and as the Lord had no nrganized Priesthood on the earth, Were born; be wondered at that in our ignor ance of His - ways the feelings of our natures should rebel against the doctrine of a plurality of wives. 1 remember how I felt, but which would be a difficult matter to describe the various thoughts, fears and temptations that ' flashed through my mind when the principle, was first introduced to mo by my fiither, who one morning in the summer of 1843, without any preliminaries, asked me if I would believe him if he told me that it was right for marmed d .men to take, other wives, can be better than told; but suffice it to say the first for. I thought he had on ly impulse l was . angcr, V ! T.I to test saia it my virtue, aa naa neara tnat tales of this kind had been published by such characters as the Higbees, Foster and Bennett, --but which I supposed; were without any foundation; My. sensibilities .were painfully touched. I felt such a sense of personal injury and dis- pleasuretsf to mention such a thing to me 1 altogether unworthy of my father, lthouglitf and a3 quick as he spoke, I replied to him, short and emphatically, Aro, wouldn't! I had :: always - been taught, to believe it a heinou3 crime, improper, and T unnatural, and I indignantly jresented it.: This was the first time that I ever openly manifested anger towards him; but I was somewhat surprised at his countenance, as he seemed rather pleased than otherwise. Then he commenced talking seriously, and reasoned and explained the principle, and - why it was again to be established upon the earth, etc.", but did not tell me then that any one had yet practiced it, but left mo to reflect hours,, during upon it for the next twenty-fou- r which time I was filled' with various and con I v as sccplical-o- ne minute flicting ideas. believed, then doubted.'1 I thought of the love and tenderness that he felt for his only daughter, and I knew that he would not cast her off, and this - was - the only con vincing. proof . that I bad of its being right. I knew that he th : I'l i ' I " " -- broken for the Eastern States.- - My baby brother had been very sick and was barely convalescent wnen ne ieit. He wrote me from Pittsburi?. that was- more than forty years ago'; and1 though his letters are now worn and yellow with age"; and the fingers that wrote them are laid under the cold and senseless turf, yet ' the sublime truths, though taught in simple words, will' never perish, no, never; and often as I read them, I drop a silent tear amr akdJtojayL CP" - -- 1 " "lowo thed much. Thou hast deserved from mq : Far, far lcond what I can eyer pay." Here is a copy of the letter written me from ; Pittsburg, July 10th, 1843: . ; -- :" '; ;; wounds.". In a few days from this, my father started ima--gine- . - : t it U not to " M. Pomeeoy. , far-seeing, oaraii G. Eleanor C. Cowley, )r Counsels or.s. a at a Taebet,-President- -- : Sarah r - : "books welshalOeZjudgelcI-Wo- havo made a few - quilts, but- - in a country like this; where the thermometer runs up to llo degrees, the making of bedquilts is rather an unprofitable business. Wc are also making a very nice quilt, which we design as a Temple donation, and although there are but a few of us, we can see that we are improving both spiritually and temporally. AVe have a good, iaithful President, who endeavors to perlbm heruties faithfully, and is well beloved by ihe Society. We arc not so highly favored as our sisters iu Utah, in having the presence, frequently, of those truo and noble sisters, Eliza It. and coSister their zealous Zina, with workers, who seem to be spending theirlives in the great and glorious work, which has been allotted to them to show woman her true and Z proper sphere in the great work of the last ' days, and may the blessing of high heaven attend them in their labors; and rest assured, if any of them should ever visit this country ,they would meet "with a warm welcome (perhaps in the win-- : rather too warm, unless they-cam- e ter). . Tho Exponent, help3 to supply this Ave can read ac want in a great measure. counts of their glorious meetings; and: almost imagine ourselves there; therefore it is always a welcome visitor. Everybody cnjoy3 this climate when they, once get accustomed to it. ' We have about 10 months of the most agreeable climate in the world, to balance against about two months of very warm weather, and even then .we frequently have - nice cool afternoon breezes, whicherve Uo Jhelpus outadmirably It is a very healthy country, which is saying a great deal in its favor. 1 There isnot a case of sickness on the Mesa, that I am aware of. - ? Ever praying for the success of the Expo nent, I remain your sincere friend, - . Perhaps but few are aware that we have a Relief Society organization in this isolated, country, as but very-fereports have ever been sent from Mesa City. Our first conference was held March 11 th, and a report was prepared and sent, by our secretary, but for some reason it never appeared in the Exponent. We have quite a number of names "enrolled as members, but have not accomplished much financially, in consequence of but few seeming to take an interest in the success of our society; thi3 makes it rather discouraging for those who want to be workers in tbo hive. But out of the thouliHhatnieieatnd cessary lo seek for any further,- but had I been differently - situated like many were; without a father and a mother to love and counsel me, ' E'rebably my dependence, like theirs on the Lord, but I leaned not upon His arm. My father was my teacher and reve-lato- r, and I saw no necessity then for- - further testimony; but in after years the Lord, in His and infinite mercy, suffered me to pass through the rough waves of experience, ; and in sorrow and affliction,1 I learned this most important lesson, that' in H im alone must rtrust,"and"hot:in weak and . 'and sinful man ; and that it was absolutely- - necessary for each' one to obtain a living witness and testimony for him or herself, and not lor another, to the truth of this latter-dawork, to be able to stand, and that like Saul, wo "must ; suffer for His name's" sake.'heCrjewned 7 that "The fear of the Lord is the beginning of knowledge;" and that "He is nigh unto all those" that call upon Him in truth, and healeth Resolved, That we adopt these resolutions as a token of respect and apprcciatfon of her MESA CITY. . But yon haTo only gone to rest, From all troubles and all labors, Tfith your parents you'll to blest. 7 all of '6ur former ideas 'and tradi-- , contrary tions. This was just previous to his starting upon his last mission but one to the Eastern States. -- Fearing; that Iniight hear ifcfroma wrong source, knowing,' as-- he", did, that there were those who would ; run-- before they were sent, and some' would not hesitate to deceive and betray Hm and the brethren, he thonght it Dest mat snouid near il from his own Jips. ; The. next day the Prophet called at our house, and I sat with my father and mother -and heard him teach the principle and explain it more fully, and I believed it, but I had no father's testimony v I . proofs only his and-m, ' cond accept , " y . I still remember what I told you when I left hgmethafeLwould write QQ my mind much since lyovrrmaYebeen I left home,' and;i also your dear mother, who has the first place in my hearty then my dear children and brethren and sisters' who havo passed "through much sorrow and: pain for the -- My Dear Helen. - ; cause of Christ.; ' ; , : :.: ... "My dear daughter, what shall I say to you? I will tell you, learn to be meek and'gentle, and let your heart seek after wisdom; and al' ways speak kindly to your ' dear mother and listen to her "counsel while you have herewith : you,7 for there is Lno rone that feels the care for . you that she does. My child, remember -- the care that your dear father and mother have for your welfare in thb life, that all may be done well; and that in view of eternal worlds,- for that will depend upon what we do here, and how we do it; for all things are sacred, i; God knows my heart 'and c how I feel for my dear family. : My: prayer is that he will incline our hearts to serve him all the days that We shall life on the 'earth 'and: our children after us through all eternity; that none of them inay - - ' 