EXPONENT. WOMpS " ' ) lng and annulling certain acta of the Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Utah;" or second that he believes it right for a man to have more than one living and undivorced wife at the game tlme,or to live in the practice of cohabiting with more than one woman; end any person appearing or offered as a j nror or talesman, and cballenged on either of the foregoing grounds, may be questioned on his oath as to the existence of any such cause of challenge, and other evidence may be introduced bearing upon the question raised by such challenge; and this question shall be tried by the court. But as to the first ground of challenge before mentioned, the person challenged shall not be bound to answer if he shall say upon his oath that he declines on the ground that his answer mayTend fdncrlmintebimseffr and if he shall answer as to said first ground, his answer shall not bo given in evidence in any criminal prosecution against him for any offense named In sections 1 or 3 of this act; but if he declined to answer on any ground, he shall be rejected as incompetent. Sec. G.That the President is hereby; authorized to grant amnesty to such classes of offenders guilty before the passage of this act of bigamy, polygamy, or unlawful cohabitation, on such conditions and under such limitations cfs he shall think proper; but no such amnesty shall have effect unless the conditions thereof shall be complied with. Sec. 7. That the Issue of bigamous or polygamous marriages, known as Mormon marriages in cases in which such marriages have been solemnizsd according to the ceremonies 'of the Mormon sect, in any Territory of the United tttates, and such issue shall have been born before the first day of January, A. D. 1883, are hereby legitimated. Sec. 8. That no polygamist, bigamist, or any person cohabiting with more than one woman, and no woman cohabiting with any of the persons described as aforesaid in this section, in any Territory or other place over which the United States have exclusive jurisdiction, shall be entitled to vote at any election held in any such Territory or other place, or be elegible for election or appointment to or be entitled to hold any office or place of public traat, honor, or emolument in, under, or for any such Territory or place or under the United States. Sec. 9. That all the registration and election offices of every description in the Territory of Utah are hereby declared vacant, and each and ever) duty relating to the registration cf votes the. conduct cf elections, the receiving or rejection, of votes, and the can vassing and returning of tho fame, and the issuing of certificates or other evidences of election in said Territory, shall, until other pro vision be made by the Legislative Assembly of paid Territory an is herein after by thl3 section provided, be performed under the existing laws of the United States and of said Territory, Improper persons, who shall be appointed to execute bucIi offices and perform euch duties by a board of fi ve persons, to be appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, not more than three of whom shall be members of ene political party, a majority of whom shall be a quorum. The members of said, board so appointed by the tcoivo ; a salary at the rate of 8,000 per annum, and shall continue In office until the Legislative Assembly of said Territory shall make provisions for filling said offices as herein authorized. The secretary of the Territory shall bo the secretary of said board, and keep a ournaiof its proceedj ings, and attest the action of said board under thl3 sections The canvass and return of all the votes at elections in said Territory for members of the Legislative Assembly thereof shall also be PreslathaUt' -- 181 returned to said board, which shall canvass all such returns and issue certificates of election to those persons who, being eligible for such election shall appear to have been lawfully elected, which certificates shall be the only evidence of tho right of such persons to sit in such Assembly, provided said board of five persons shall not ex. elude any persons otherwise eligible to vote from the polls, on account of any opinion such person may entertain on the subject of bigamy or polygamy; nor8hall they refuse to count any such vote on account cf the opinion cf tho person casting it on tho subject of bigamyorpoljgambut each house of such Assembly, after its organiza. tion, shall have power to decide upon the elections and qualificatitns of its members. And at, her youngest eon, a faithful, obedient young years of age, which occurred four years ago, was a severe and heavy blow, to her, from which she never recovered." She leaves two sons and two daughters, and thirteen grandchildren, who are all striving to follow . In her foQtsteps, with the glorious hope of meeting her and oihers who have gone before, in the morning of the first resurrection. man Farewell dear mother, wo do not mourn thco As one dead, but gone to rest, From thy labors and thy sufferings, YlUi thy kindred to bo blest. Elizabeth K. Few ens. 1 SOME THINGS or jafter:lhersleetln sembly whose members shall have been elected and returned according to the provisions of this act. said Legislative Assembly may make such laws, conformable to tho Organic Act of said .r- - IN MEMORIAM. Died in South Bauntiful, Davis Co. U. T. Itebecca Moss, daughter of Daniel and Mary Wood, born May 11th, 1826 Loughborough Upper Canada, gathered to Kirtland was baptized when eight years of age; gathered with the Saints in Missourlwent from there to Illinois, wasmarrled to Elder John Moss, March 1844, in Pike Co., 111. In 1848, came to these valleys was the mother of twelve children of whom ten are living to mourn the loss of a loving mother; she has left seventeen grandchildren and three have gone before her. Before the Stake organization she was a teacher, in the Bountiful Belief Society for nine years. In Jan. 18S0 she was chosen president of the beard of teachers in South Bountiful, was true to every principle of the Gospel. She has passed away in the glorious hope of a part in the first resurrection. Testimonial, Of respect and esteem to the memory of our beloved SUter Bebecca Moss. Whereas: It ha3 pleased our Heavenly Father to release our sister from aflllctionnd suffering: therefore, Besolved: That we the Sisters of the Belief Society of South' Bountiful Ward, have lost in her a kind and affectionate sister and a true friend one who was ever ready to perform every duty required of her, we sincerely sympathize with her bereaved, husband children and family. PirEBB , . THE ANCIENTS ATE. of diet need in tho different ages of the World, by its inhabitants. Judging by the few varieties of food mentioned in the Bible we should infer that the early inhabitants of the world lived rather plain, hot to say coditely. Although a Facred and historical work like the BIL Ie is hardly Uio book in which to look for theTniversal bill' of fare and perhaps gives only arf jmperfect Idea of it, though at that very early period of which it first gives an account, the varieties of food must of necessity have been few. That cAten previous to thefall, by our first parents about 4000 years B. C.was the fruit of the garden of Eden, for God placed them there and gave to them for food "every herb bearing seed and every tree in which is the fruit of a tree yielding seed." The first time we read of bread, was when the Lord was going to banish them from the garden and said to Adam "In the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread, till thou return unto the ground." After the flood every. thing was delivered Into the hands of Noah and his sons about 234S years B. C. God said unto them "Every moving thing that liveth shall be meat for you, even as the green herb have I given you all things." About this time wine was made. The first time we read of flesh being eaten wa3 when the three strangers visited Abraham, (though no doubt it was used long before baraii made the cakes on the hearth and Abraham "took butter and milk, and ' the calf which he had dressed and set it before them; and he stood by them under the tree and they did eat,r he died 1821 year B. C-- This gives us some clue ' v to the time they visited him- .Jacob bought Esau's birthright for some red jwttago and Isaac ate savory meat and bread when he blessod Jacob,this was about 1759 B. C. In Exodus wcr read of oil, splce milk, and honey, that was in Moses time and he Was born f ; Atkinson Pres. i57i b. c. Rebecca W. Brown. Sec'y. Died, in the 20th Ward, Salt Lake City, April 15th 1SS2, at tho residence of her son William, Taaibathe Knight, age 5 years, and 28 days, after a lingering and sevcro illness. She with her husband, Thomas Knight, was among the first that received the Gospel in Davenport, Devon, England. Her husband died in England, leaving her with a family of children, to meet and struggle with the trials of life. He requested her to emigrate to Utah, before hi j death, and through the blessing of ifte liord, in 1861 she and her children fuifijiei that request. Some years later, she was mWrieipBBr&iher Harmon WIckel, and through his iieathwas the second time left a Widow. She was called to tho office of a teacher in the 20th Ward branch of the Relief Society, and during tho first year of its organization, as faithfully performed the duties cf that calling long as her health permJtcdif. The death cf .. It is intcresTlngloa Territory, and net inconsistent with other laws of the United States, as it shall deem proper concerning the filling of the offices in said.Territory declared vacant by this act. iS'fc 21 : Dinied preferred pulse to the provisions of the King's table. In the wilderness the" Hebrews sighed for the "fish the cucumbers, the melon, the leeks, the onions and the garlic.". We read thatj Jesus Christ of ten appeased hla diet hunger hundreds of was eome years before, then and for or for while tho Pertaste of matter necessity a sians $00 years B. C, lived principally on bread and cresses the Modes lived In luxury, Tea was taken to England In 1610, and coffee in 1652.. Cauliflowers, beans, peas, and cabbage, were introduced about 1660. It was not till about 1516 that salads, carrots and turnips were known In England, and ; potatoes were first planted ia Ireland In 161CL Currants, cherries and aprlcota were Introduced during the reign of Henry 8th conseqiimtlyl before 1517, an d peaches during the reign of Queen Elizabeth. In all probability the art of boiling down the Juice of tho segsr cano and making raw tugar withjjdjd . . 