. ioine are being decorated for. the little people, ghop windows are making a lino display of staple products fer the joy and comfort cf man, as well H toys and all manner of gift articles for the milliners' sho pa have the little people prti lost feathers and ribbons, the most elegant bonneti and haU ibtJadlesLand chilfoenVll v . t Savage's Art Gallery has i 1,4- i I' " '5 J " it large show win. devoted to dow dolls of all sizes and entirely kinds and pricee, and there are also many other handsome articles that are useful as well as ornamental, tco numerous to mention. Picfurea of every conceivable variety suitable for-th- e cottage orjhe palatial mansion. Toilet goods of" choice kinds and good quality, stationery In abundance, and .an excellent asaortmen t of books, writing desks, work boxes, plaques and : materials for painting of all kinds. The book store of Mr. James Dwyer presents yjPXmMPt impossible to mention any article In his line of goods that the store la not supplied with, of the best quality too. Ilia illustrated books of poems, bound la the newest ityle "and. of expensive material are elegant, and f! t to adorn any drawing room r -- and Interest and- - entertain Idea escapes, and ea?rl7 lovingly I endeavor to --enrobe It -In laoguage suitable, but oh ! how unworthy of It I Well I know this capability must be for the grand future, the great beyond; but all this gives - an. assurance of the infinite nature which at present, for the want of a more appropriate name, we call human. As I write, my mind -s- eems toopen upon the infinitudeof the might! ness of this immortal mind, which has teeu often laid open to the world, and millions have bent before the grand display, and been elevated and invigorated by the same; and the whole earth itself has been enlightened as with the electric light of heaven, for It was all - tion from the' eternal fountain, and an echo of that breathing voice that said, "Let there be their light! " And these glorious minds, transit over this earth, have left a train of light, like the flashing meteor, leaving the" eye as It " w I declined to write. But sitting alone with my, own thoughts this evening, and thinking upon the refusal I had given you (not unkindly, but simply, honestly), my mind ran out upon the conviction of what a mysterious, marvelous construction the human mind is! I can say with Sterne, in his abrupt but beautiful way, "I know that I have a soul I nor can any writer, however metaphysical or ingenious he may be, convince me to the contrary." Most true ! there Is the voice of my spirit, with whom I hold an eternal communion yes, we two beings hold marvelous spiritual Intercourse ! the spirit takes ' the Rostrum, the earthly the Auditorium. Hours pass, days and years have passed, but the Interviewing never "breaks up," except in sleep, and even In the land of dreams it sometimes goes-o- n. It speaks in .whisperings, not heard by the natural ear, and In a language not of letteis, and of syllables, but as an intuition, a something heard and comprehended without articulation or palpable demonstration; in this way my mind Is at the present time full, but it needs to be simmered down nto a tangible form,and this process takes away much that is beautiful. We poets know well that our most glorious visions will not live again, even upon the most gifted lyre, but tome have the faculty to make tangible much more than others; but it will require the harp of the Seraph to improvise the heart longs and aspirations of the Saints of God I This spirit of mine, whose Father is God, whls 8o . . -- hus-banda- were daxzled with their lustre. Who dares to say mind and spirit die and are extinct? Rather say their immortality began on earth and gave ample assurance that it is "eternal In the heavens." Good night, dear. May choirs of angels sing you to your rest, . Your friend, " Singing, God of all consolation take," Benediction by Bro H.. W. Piatt. 3 We then proceeded to the graveyard, where the mortal remains were deposited by the side of seven of her grandchildren who had gone before. A dedicatory prayer was offered at the In. torment, by Bro, J. G. Bleak. By request of Bro. Bentley, Bishop Cannon returned thanks to the brethren and sisters for their kindness to M. A. P. Hyde. himself and family, r ' . Salt Lake City, Dec. ,.; 11. Hannah T.'Kikg.. IN ME MORI AM. ; - FOREIGN LETTER. I feel it my painful duty to announce through the Exponent the departure of my dear and only sister, Elizabeth P. Bentley, from this vale of tears to a holier sphere. Her pure and gentle spirit left its earthly tabernacle on the morning of December 6, at 5 o'clock. The funeral took place yesterday at 12 m. The stores and busi- ness houses were closed and the Temple hands were released at that hour so that' all could a- - tend,she having been one of their number. -- Her emains-were Tabernacle borne to-taud a grandson. . sons, two Oar family were sorely stricken with grief, but the brethren, those men of God, Prest. McAllister, Bishops," Bro. J. G. Bleak, and others, poured In the balm of consolation. After singing hymn on 144th page, "Weep not," Bro. Bleak offerred a very touching prayer. Bishop Cannon then arose and stated, after asking the aid of the Spirit, that he had known Sister Bentley as long as he could remember and that when her husband was sent on a mission In the fall of 1860, and was absent four years, leaving her In adverse circumstances with a family of little children, shejabored faithfully In keeping school for" their support, and never in delicate health. She was fftHprftd. M O J although a woman of integrity and worthy of emulation. Counselor Eyring made a few remarks. Said wasTinable to give satisfaction to his feelings but felt to endorse what had been eaid by Bro. Cannon. Made seme further remarks andspoke of the good qualities of our departed ister, and exhorted the Saints to diligence. Bro. Gates then arose, and said: We had come and Sisters to together as a baud of Brothers bid farewell to Sister Bentley, and pay Our. last ' resDects to the dead. Spoke of the principles of th Gosrel. Said our departed Slater would be in long remembered by her many jnenas inis sons-in-la- ,t place Editor Woman's Exponent: At a Conference of the Australasian mission of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints held at Christchurch, on October 22d, a Relief Society report was presented and a unanimous wish expressed that a copy thereof be forwarded for publication in the Exponent. Permit "me to add, I nave met wlthseveral numbers of the Exponent in this far of! land, and always note with pleasure the good results in those who read its truthful page?. Wishing you continued success in your effort In the defence of religious liberty for all people of either sex, I remain, 'respectfully, your In the good cause. r hree w s rthur had known Sister. Bentley for. with the last twenty years, and was acquainted, come forth her good works, and that she would resurrection. in the morning of the first Rm Mp CiiRiSTCHURCir, New Zealand, November 1, 18S2. by-ber-t- he -r- nd kindred- s- - . e, to go in the faithful discharge of her duties in the Relief Societies in this Btake of Zion and otherwise. Her example had been most ex emplary. She had been faithful and .had received the promise, benefit and blefesing of every - ordinance which God has revealed for the salvation and exaltation of the righ teous. Said he L had talked to her and knew her feelings in relation1 to Celestial marriage by her own testimony to him; he knew she accepted it in her feelings. Then quoted an address given to the Church by Joseph Smith, the Prophet, dated Nauvoo, Septr 6, 1842, of glorious provisions made in the Gos pel of Christ for the salvation and exaltation of the dead. Exhorted the Saints to emulate the virtues of the deceased. Prayed that the Lord might comfort - the hearts of the bereaved -- -- - IMPROMPTU. Fou asked me to write something for the Ex ponent, bat I laconically said "I pass" yet my mind seems full, "pressed down, and running over" with a heterogeneous mass something resembling that which we behold In the kalaide-scopneeding a hand to turn it to that focus that produces form and order, and hence beauty; but an Inertia, or will power," is wanting, or what name to give It, "something, I hardly-knote produce a palpable and beautiful figure, and jtovmaud! b his-tori- es Eatone: - : - an-ema- na Single books and sets of books and of all countries, the best books bythe best authors, can all be purchased at Dwyer's. Work boxes and writing desks, reticulea and satchels, money purses, and diaries, and in fact everything of this kind that can be purchased in the large cities. He keeps the largest assortment of toys in the city. School books and stationery add to his Immense stock of holiday goods. r Editor St. George Temple jtJycalled her wlth others to labor the dead. She had ever been ready to come and - the most fastidious people. FB ntdMA through "a lightning flash Remitted, an 5TRncl 109 L,., Prest. McAlliater made the closing remarks. In speaking of th e departed, one, tald he wished to speak of her virtues. He knew her before she came here. She was honored at the first calling of ordinance workers to officiate in the - "e p persmuch to me that my understanding does" not KrasPi.it ebeds a revivifying, elevating Influence around and about me, but I cannot reduce itlo a language, even for my own ear7 But mruw co-labo- rer William Jtf. Bsomley, President of the Australasian Mission. OBITUARIES. " Died at Salt Lake Citj, In tho Dcsertt Hoepital, November Cd, 1833, of dropsy and heart disease, Maria Wilkinson Ilorton, wifo of John Horton, of Rockport, Summit Co. Aged 52 yeara and 3 months, was buried She was the a t sRockport, Summit Co., mother of eleven children, seven of whom are left with her husband and many relatives and friends to mourn her loss. She was born In South Lincolnshire, England; was baptized February l$tb, by Lorenza D. Kudd, at null, Yorkshire, England; came to Utah in 1S61 in Oaptala Joseph Kawlin3 company; settled in Summit Co., where she joined tha Rockport Relief Society at Its organization, In March, 18T3, filling the office of teacher, which she honorably held the rest of her life. She was much beloved by all who knew her, and died in hope of a glorious resurrection. Her good deeds will live though she has passed from our sight. Well may it be said of her, "Blessed are the dead who die in the Lord." " dear, L Weep not for me, my children " For grief it Is in "rain; i . ; Christ Is oar hope, we need not fear, ' ' ' meet shall We all again. her-hom- e. 7 fv- rc-:- : - ' "'7:,'7:y :. , Axs Bbtast, Fresh Sabjiu Sxakek, Sec. .; 