exponent; WOMAN'S 118 Pre. Freeze said let us remember all the beautiful things we hav heard this day. Conference adjourned for three months. BIRTHDAY PARTY. In honor of our beloved President?, Mrs. A. H. Goldabrough and President George Teasdale, the teachers of Nephi Relief Society got up a picnic party on the 8th of December, at 2 p. m., in the Society Hall, to celebrate their birthdays, Pres. Amelia H. Goldsbrough's birthday being In the 7th, and Prest. George Teasdale's on the 8th, bo it was thought best to have the party on that day. We had quite a large party, and the time was very pleasantly spent in remarks from the brethren and sisters, which were full of comfort, encouragement, counsel, wisdom and congratulation. We also had recitations, songs and select readings. The Spirit of the Lord was in our midst and a great number spoke of His goodness and praised His name. At 4 o'clock a sumptuous picnic was handed around, of which all partook, then remarks, toasts, songs, recitations and were in order until about 8 o'cock p. m.,readings when the party was closed and all expresse l themselves well satisfied. Ever praying for the success and of our much loved Exponent, and forprosperity those who labor for the establishment of truth and righteousness upon the earth, I remain your sister in the covenan t of peace, A. L. Biglep, Cor. Sec'y. PRIMARY PICNIC PARTY. The Primary Association of Big Cottonwood brick schoolhouse in that f,r APrty m Ward, Dec. 16, 1881, President Esther M. Davis and Counselors presiding, with assistants. At ten o'clock a. m. the parents and children ered with picnic, whkh was spread on twogathlarge tables, each thirty-tw- o feet in length. Both tables were seated by the children the first time; Bishop D. B. Brinton was at the head of one ta- ofcS,?roitii,IAndru8 Sen., at the head of the Howden and some others sang a song entitled "A happy greeting to all." Prayer and blessing by Bro. Milo Andrus. Singing, "Our sweet mountain tables were again seated with thehome," Thechildren remaining and Parents, making 432 persons in the rne delicious food remaining, which was hall,a large quantity, was sent to the poor of thequite ward. er a lf& number of persons gathered at the hall, making in all six hundred persons. Asong was then sung by Bro. Nathaniel and cotapany. ent tied, "Work away, work away." dancinS dialogues, songs, etc. w?f . ?a Christmas tree twelve feet high, with 141 prizes on it. The Primary Association pre- B- a Earned u S5 t? V Pwh?P 5' - Brintonwhich P8tfe 0f8n he received Pratt, photo-S5E- with thanks and appreciationThe Bishop took great interest in assisting and preserving order. After the prizes were Kiven, the assembly to their feet, by request of the President ofarose the and sang, "Praiee God JJlmary, flow." all blessings Benediction by the Bishop? Esther A Davis- - President. - Mary Sutherland, Bec'y. K. S., Y. Li. M. I. A. AND PRIMARY REPORTS. pleasure to us all, and we ever pray that they ' may continue to be so. At the meeting held December 12,'we had with us Sister Zina D. Young, that well known and beloved Aunt Zina. She has imparted to us some very useful advice and insfruetion. We pray the day is not far distant when we shall be permitted to meet with the associations in Zion, but that while we are compelled to sojourn here that we may "so live that others seeing our good works will glorify our Father who is in heaven." ' ' Hattie F. Clough, Sec'y. ve Weber Stake. The Conference of R. S., Y. L. M. I. A. and P. A. of Weber Stake was held in Ogden on the 8th, 9th and 10th of December last in the Tabernacle. Thursday the Relief Society convened, Mrs. Jane S. Richards presiding. It was numerourly attended from all parts of the county, and an excellent spirit was enjoyed. On the stand were Apostle F. D. Richards, Prest. D. II. Peery and Counselors, and almost every Bishop in the Stake. The presidents of the different places gave verbal reports, representing their respective societies in good condition and anxious to assist in all benevolent works, and carry out the counsel given them by those who are appointed to lead and guide the Saints. Much encouragement was given to the sisters by Apostle Richards and the local presidency, as well as the Bishops. The sisters felt blest and strengthened, and determined to persevere in doing right. On Friday the Conference of Y. L. M. I. A. was held, Mrs. Sarah A. Herrick presiding. It was a very interesting time. The organizations of the sisters in Weber County are all in excellent condition, owing greatly to the indefatigable labors of the President, Sister Richards, who travels in their interest almost constantly, and she has reason to feel gratified with the success every which has attended her untiring efforts. UTAH 8TAKE. Minutes of the Quarterly Conference of the Relief Societies of Utah Co., held in Provo City, Dec, 2nd, 1881, President Margaret T Smoot, presiding, officers of the board present also a number of the Bishops and brethren of the Priesthood. Services commenced by singing. Prayer by Br, Windsor, from St. George. Sinking President M. T. Smoot felt thankful that we had life, health and to meet tostrength gether; said there are always a few who would stem the inclemency of the weather to meet with us; we have no written v reports the is consequently meeting my sisters! and I ask God to enable yours, us all to speak-wolder ones will soon pass away, and the younger one will have to carry on our work-thelet us not quench the Spirit of God but tell oi His goodness, let us not be remiss in duties; let us teach our children in all 0Ur the principles that pertain to our religion that our skirts may be clear. Sister Mary John, followed with a ref mark of So r to-da- e n Coiioes, N. Y. Young Ladies' Mutual Improvement Association was organized in this branch of the Church, called the Cohoes Y. L. M. I. A. The following officers were elected: President, Sister Eliza Clougrr, First Counselor, Sister Esther aggins; Secretary, flattie Clough; Treasurer, The Second Counselor not se- rdey- lected. We were to hold our meetings every two weeks on Monday afternoons, at half past three o clock. We have held the meetings regularly ever since we were organized, making four in all. We are glad to say that at ever? meeting all the members have been present. Ihetime is occupied in speaking, in readme sermons m the Deseret News and other articles out of the Church works, and In "other instructive exercises. They are a source of great A. The Presidents of the various societies of the qpunty followed with verbal reports, each one reporting favorably of the societies with which they were associated. Sister Windsor from St. George, gave a short sketch of their meetings in St. George:-Spokof their efforts in silk culture, said her time was taken up a great deal in the Temple, and she enjoyed it; her visit in Provo had been like a jubilee, she would 'never forget it in this world nor in the world to come. Br. Windsor said: I am pleased to meet with so many of my faithful sisters, many of them known for years; we must not be idle; we have plenty of work to dp, we must lay the foundation and leave a record for our children, that they may follow in our footsteps; we came here to be Saviors on Mount Zion, and our children must continue our work. We need a great many Temples to do the work for our dead; I rejoice to see you, and I ask God to bless and prosper you upon the earth. Bishop Johnson endorsed all that had been said by the former speakers, thought it well to meet often together. In regard to our children said I believe if they are properly taught they will be ready to be "baptized when they are eight years old and can hardly wait; spoke of the duties of mothers in teaching their daughters the principles of celestial marriage, and remarked that as a general thing the sisters are more faithful than the men, more honor to them; we will now adjourn till two p. m. Benediction. Afternoon sesssion: Commenced by the usual services of singing and prayer, after which some special business was presented to the Conference, and a number of the brethren spoke, giving a great deal of good instructions to the sisters in regard to laying up grain, training our children, teaching them the power of faith, setting them good examples, teaching them every principle of our faith,and exhorting them never to speak lightly of the Priesthood, etc. Prest. M. T. Smoot thanked the brethren for good counsel. Conference was adjourned for three months. Caroline Daniels, Secretary. , h-N- die .without the 'to, think ation or&S ' rriev,ou nokp nf our duties in ing to all meettn bundays to nartikp 01 the Sacrament, and fW r f lAYr - ftrenSlhen one another in the faith rk out Ovation mt the ?" for sence of oL V. .iH i.T nj.cr m neaven. the pre- - : TOOELE STAKE. The Quarterly Conference of th "Rplief Society and Y. L. M. I. A. of Tooele Stake was held at the meeting house at Grantsville, on Saturday and Sunday, Dec. 10 and 11, commencing at 10 a. m. on Saturday morning, Mrs. M. A. Humter presiding, Coun. Jane Eastham, and other local officers of the organization on the stand also several brethren; from Salt Lake City, Sisters E. R. S. Smith and E. B. Wells. Minutes and reports were read which were very satisfactory. Remarks were made by Br. Rydalch very encouraging to the sisters in their labors. The Sisters from Salt Lake addressed the meeting briefly. In the afternoon Apostle F. M. Lyman was in the stand. Sister E. R. S. Smith occupied most of the afternoon, giving special instruction upon many subjects connected with the labors of the women of Zion in this institution. Sister E. B. Wells spoke upon education and cultivation, good reading, the political status of women and the necessity for intelligent expression of ideas and sentiments. Apostle Lyman made briefly a powerful argument in favor of woman's advancement, and Epoke feelingly of woman as an educator. Saturday evening was the Conference of the 1 . L. M. I. A. though the general public was invited, Mrs. Ann Tate presiding. The attendance was very large indeed, many young men being present. Minutes of previous Conference were read and the President made a few opening remarks, after which Mrs. Wells addressed the meeting. She urged the young e 