X W OM xatfiled. THE FOMAN'S EXPONENT. AX'S EX POS The motion wai cirrleti EST ucaulmhulyt round? applause. When silence had teen Editor. Fuhiisbcd petal-Etothlj. in Salt Lake Uty, Ftah Terms: One copy one year, 13. 00; one copy six months fl.00 Ten copies for , the: price of rates: Each square, tea Unflv n ; ,. -- lime, $i50r per moaISis: ..njiv4jrtaf Easiness hour House, Temple 10 s. m. to 5 p. m. every day except Sunday. - - Address all business communications to--- from -- -- '' 1- Publisher Woman's Exposmt, - 7 . Salt Lake Uty Utah. stored; Hon. James Sharp ialled for three cheers, for the Peopled candidate and the "hip, hip, hurrah! wa enthushtically given! Mr. Caine h&vlnjeturEed thanks to the fieoiIe for theirronMer.ee and 'svmrath v,' and $s en ce- -i h a t evrni n g to thof e who had accompanied" hhn throughout the campaign, the bands and all who had helped to make the meeting a success, the immense audience dispersed. We . reproduce the epjeechca - made - by - (he 4hekmrthrjr reenl&r advertisers."' EEEipoieiiiaeevwer 8outh Street: younger CITYrNO VEMBERTTo7rS32 SALT-LAK-E Saturday eveuiacr, November 4, therewas a rati flcation- - mee ting of tlieeopTe V Par tjr at A tfaF the stars and th5 Theatre Jn strifes had been floating to the breeze from the toot of the Theatre, the dome of the City Hall, 6 and - from thenubHcbuilidaE8.--Saturda- y, o'clock p. m., according to previous arrangement a procession formed in front cf theTheatre, and marched through the principal streets of the city; several bands .of music playing patriotic airs, enlivening. the scene; carriages filled with prominent members of the People Party, Committees etc.,and a host of citizens on foot bearing torch Ught8made a glittering parade, cheers were given at several points on the way: for Hon John T. Caine, the people's hom inee." .t At 7 o'clock the procession had returned to the Theatre. Crowds poured Into the htuse and in a few minutes there was scarcely standing room. Outside a multitude was gathered unable tcLgain r admittance. It was too cold to hold an - tyf out-doo- a propo7and are sorry we have not sface ,as published In th,e daily R- - paper. THURMAN. for all - V We are called upon in the name of the Great Jehovah and the continental congress to surrender up Ticonderoga. In the name of the Great Jehovah and lheConstitution of our coun-"- " -- i ativeanguageTH -- . meetingjisbajijen firakerSjjYbichwe-jecnsider-fpedal- ly S GRAND RALLY OF THE PEOPLE'S. PARTY. re- EntieipatedT- - The-Jnteii- or: cf the building was tastefully draped with the stars and stripes and brilliantly lighted.- - On the platform were many laiies and gentlemen, editors reporters, etc., as well as Territorial and County Central Committees and the Mayor and city officers. Hon. John Sharp, Chairman Ter. Cen. Cmi., proposed Mayer Jennings as Chair man. of the meeting, the motion 'was carried ; unauimousiy. Mayor Jennings was escorted to the front, and stepping f rward said: Ladles and gentlemen, 6 allow me to thank you for the honor conferred on me in appointing me to occupy the chair this evening. I thank you end will try to fill the" pcsilicn. Hon. D O. Cilder nominated Hon. Jameg-Sharas First-Vic- e President; tho nomination was unanimously sustained. ? M. A. Cannon, Eq , nominated Judge A. Miner as Second Vice President of the meeting; unanimously sustained. S. W. Diike, Esq., nominated H. M. Wells,' as Secretary; also sustained. S. H. Hill, Etq., nominated R. W. Sloan as Assistant Secretary cf the meeting; sustained.,, Mayor Jenuing9 then stepped forward and; said: I will now Introduce toyou our friend and fellow-citizeHon. John T. Caine (loud ap. nominee" for Delegate to Con Kreas. p!ause) the Mayor Jennings then Introduced to the audi ence Mr. II. M. Wells, who read the "Declaration of PrinciplWiof the People's Party. Hon John T. Caine was the first speaker, followed by S. R. Thurman of LtbJ, F. S. Richtrds of n Dr. M. J. Benedict of Salt Lake and Judge, , D Uf enburry, of Provo. J.F. Wellv Efq., then moved that the declaration cf principles that had been read, te adopted, that the speakers be tendered a vote of thanks, anitbe semination of John T, Oalne bo . , -;- p , n, Og-de- ' - - say, "something has happenedln the Territory, the People; Party - arelcrylng, What shall we do to be saved?" They tell us to repent and come out from them. We will come out, on the 7th of November, and elect the Hon. John T. Calne. These are reasons why we cannot surrender the fort. (Applause.) Let us recur to fundamental principles. Yon have heard that enunciated the men all are that created free and principles equal; they did notrghnlt the application, no matter who the man might be, whether Chris tian or Mohammedan, whether Jew or Gentile, heathen or infidel, the principle was universal in Its application, no matter from what land., he comes; whether from theJegioned-castl- es ot -the of sands burning Europe, Arabia, the king doms of Jhe OrieDtaJ.ortrJe - wave.wBsh.rf islands of the sea, the principle was with them as universal as the dominion of Jehovah. They also enunciated the idea that liberty can onlv exist where the people governed participate in Its administration of government. (Applause.) On this foundation they reared the temple of liberty, the grandest and most glorious structure the world has ever witnessed. (ArmlauseA The People's Party are accused cf disloyalty. . When did we have our last revolution ? When did we rebel against the national government? When did we unfurl to the breeze any other flag than the stars and stripes ? (Applause.) 'I he People's Party .were the first to unfurl the flag of our country cn the spot where' we stand. They wete the first to unfarl it on the Pacific Coastthey did to In the name of the govern ment of the United States. (Applause.) I maintain that any party who seeks to establish in the heart of the United States any other thn a republican form of governmen t, is d isloyal to 7 American institutions. The Liberal Party are to secure for the people of this Tertrying y ritory a government that does not contain one element of republicanism; a government similar In every respect "to the one against which our . forefathers contended. Hence that party are disloyal. (Applause.) In conversation with a prominen t Liberal n few days ago, 1 asked him upon what principle he justified the executive cf this Territory in relation to the certificate business. He said, on the principle that the end justified the means That is, the right of a man to trample upon the law, and disregard it whenever he sees fit, to accomplish his ends. I doca such repudiate trine as monstrous in a republican govern meLtL lApplauseO -- Let thisyprinCple be" perpetuated and established, and what-wilhb- e the result? Crash after crash will be heard as the bulwarks of give way; anarchy would wave her . our-foreiartb- ers t to-da- fjom sceptre over thejand, and despotiani would ihout In helllah triumph amid the crumbling ruing, (Loud applause. It would be the end of free government and the deetrtictlon of liberty, yet these are the principles of the Liberal Party. In Speaking of th Party, of course I do not mean all. Many of them are good and ratrlotlc'men frjerjd.4 whom of the ring" umi manipulates and controls the party. Vou bave been no doubt told that if you voted the Li berai ticket, you will get a State government In s ix ty days. In the language of Cassius: "In the name of all the gods at once, upon what meat doth tola our Ctesar feed, that he Is grownsQ -great ?- -( Id'applau object of the Liberal Party is and has been to drive the majority of the pe iple of Utah into rebellion and hostility. The very platform they have adopted U iutended to insu t and enrage the people. They exhaustf d their fund of abu fclve expressions, and closed for m antoiLvitupet jag a playhouse cf mud; a poacher asked him what he was doing. He said he was building a church. The preacher asked him why he didn't make a preacher and put in his church. The boy replied that he didn't have any more mud. (Laughter.) The Liberals quit for want of mud. (Renewed laughter.) Let us vote for the man who stands on principle, regardless of who or what he is. Thank you ladits and gentlemen for your attention. (Ap-plause.- r. :: : s."BicirAKis, E.,-Upon stepping forward, was received with loud applause. He commmced by referring to the rights guaranteed to all citizens by the Constitution of this country. He alluded to the right or trial by jury; to the fact that no bill of attainder Lor ex thatno- 'person should be obliged to testify against himself. These were some of the bulwarks that were thrown around the people who lived under this free government. He would ask, were the citizens of the Territory of Utah enjoying these privileges ? He was told that there existed here in the Territory of Utah thousands of men and women who had been illegally deprived of one of the most sacred of privileges the right to cast their vote foe the men of their choice. (ApThat grand tribunal, the Supreme plause.) Court of the Republic, had said that an individual who is deprived of his civil lights is of that deprivation. Now, . punished how was it that, under this constitutional guarantee, the people of Utah are punished for some supposed offence? Had they been convicted of that offence? If not, then they had been punished without the sacred constitutional privilege of appearing before a jury and haying their guilt lor innocence determined. (Applaueo.) Further, than this, many. of them were not only punished upon mere suspicion, and without having been proven guilty, but they were punished in cases where it would be impossible for the Government to convict. The same legislative power that had passed the law to which he was now referring, had provided that unless a prosecution . was brought within three years after the offence, no conviction could be bad. Indeed, there were In tbe Territory of Utah thousands of men and women who, if they were to go to the District Attorney and furnish him proof of the commission of the offence he could not convict, and yet they were punished. Further than this,' there were many individuals who had never violated this law, and still they were deprived oMhe s acred - pri vilege of the franchise. Men and women, before there was a law existing In this country regarding polygamy, entered Into that marrlago relation, and although there never had been a day nor an hour when the hand of the . . . . by-reas- on 