,V&6, ' VI" WOMAFS EXPONENT. GOOD-BY- E, PROUD WORLD. which is a very easy way to live without hard work. We will lay belief on one side in set' ting, forth our principles, for we have actual knowledge. Before we received the ordinances of the Gospel, we believed and were baptized for the remission of our sins; we had liands laid upon our heads by men holding the Priesthood of the Sou of God, by which the Holy Ghost was conferred upon us, which is the pattern that was given to the former day Saints. proud world J I'm going home; Thou art not my friend; I am not thine; Toq long through weary crowds I roam; A river axk on the ocean brine; Too long I am tossed like the driven foam; Bat now, proud world, I'm going home ! Good-by- e, to Flattery's fawning face, Good-by- e To Grandeur with his wise grimace, To upstart Wealth's averted eye, To supple office, low and high; To crowded halls, to court and street; To frozen hearts and hasting feet; To those who go and those who com, Good-bye- , proud world, I'm going home. I go to The Spirit, thui received, brings all things to our remembrance, things past, present and to come; now if we deny the spirit of revelation we cannot possess it. This gives us actual knowledge without a doubt. We receive the gift of the Gospel. Please read St. Mark, last chapter, and read the Savior's words, "Go ye into all the world and preach the Gospel to every creature." Would it not make thousands of infidek if this Gospel could be changed to other forms? We are persecuted because we believe in its unchangeable laws, "Though tho heavens and earth shall pass away, not one jot or tittle of my word shall fail." Now Fcan quote many passages of Scripture to substantiate this, which can be read at leisure: "Though we, or an angel from heaven, preach any other doctrine than that we have preached, let him be accursed." Peter, when preaching in Jerusalem, convinced his hearers, and they said: "What shall we do?" Then Peter said unto them, "Repent and be baptized, every one of you, in the name of Jesus Christ, for the remission of your sins," etc. The Acts, chapter ii. Second Epistle of John. "He that abideth in the doctrine of Christ, he hath both the Father and the Son;" also, "There is but one faith, one Lord and one baptism." Read Revelations, chapter xiv: "And I saw another angel fly through the midst of heaven having the everlasting Gospel to preach unto them that dwell on the earth and to'every nation, kindred, tongue and people." Everlasting, unchangeable, to be preached to the inhabitants of the earth for their salvation and eternal glory. After having our minds enlightened by the spirit of divine truth, we cannot be persuaded to relinquish our principles or go back into the old beaten track of ignorance modern civilization. Well, our paper is small, and I must. draw my subject to a close, a3 others will want room to express their views, as the questions advanced by Mrs. Scott for our consideration involve much in thought and research, especially in relation to rewards and punishment. ceek my own hearth-- tone, Bosomed in yon green hills alone; 6 A secret lodge in a pleasant land, Whose groves the frolic fairies planned, Whofto arches green the livelong day Echo the. blackbird's roundelay, And evil men have never trod A spot that; is sacred to thought and God. Ob, when, am safe in my sylvan home I mock at the pride of Greece and Borne; And when I am stretched, beneath the pines, Where tho evening star so holy shines, I laugh at the lore and pride of man, At the sophist schools, and the learned clan; For what are they all in their high conceit, When man in the bush with God may meot ? Ralph "Tho Watchman." Waldo EmeKsox. 1882. BIBLE DOCTRINE. We, as a community, feel thankful for the good will Mrs. ScOtt manifests towards us in asking at the right source whether these things Baid of us are true. The Savior said, "Blessed are ye when men shall nate you' etc. "Rejoice ye in that day, and leap for joy." St. Luke, chapter vi. Now we do not wish to be understood by saying, "We mind our own business," that we do not wish a candid and thorough investigation of our principles and of our motives in the full belief in all good that emanates from God our Heavenly Father, which we have embraced, and accepted for our salvation in this life and hereafter. We thank you for of inquiry, your susyour convinced until by stronger pended judgment to the an than testimony by enemy religious views of our domestic happiness, and our rights which we, in common with others, claim in a Christian land. We wish more of our sisters abroad would come forward, as you have done, and make it their particular business to inquire into all matters pertaining to us, in relation to the truth, and we shall take great pleasure in answering questions in a Christian-lik- e manner. We will talk together, not for evil, but to bring about good results and .fellowship with the honest and upright in noble-mindedne- ss heart. You say you do not believe in Mormon-ism- , perhaps you might believe in the book called "The Book of Mormon," if you should read its contents; it is a historical record of the ancient people of this continent, handed down by them for many generations. It was kept and preserved and brought to light by one of their Prophets. The origin of that ancient people is a mystery.to the world, but if they would read the "Book of Mormon," it would be so no longer, but prejudice blinds the eves of mortab, and they remain ignorant. Because judgment is passed Vhy is this? without investigation. Now Ann Eliza;, the lecturer, is acting" under different motives altogether from what, we are. She acts, writes and speaks to put money into the pockets of her helpers, who are ever on the alert to feed the public on trash and falsehood to get gain, A Mary Ann M. Salt Lake City, April, 25th, 1882. Pratt. MRS. EMILY SCOTT. Dear Lady: Do not for a moment think because I have been silent with regard to your letters in the Exponent, that I have felt apathetic, no indeed. They have been quite refreshing to me, to find there is, at least, one mind out in that world we came from, who is sp honest as to say she "does not believe in Mormonism, neither one half of what is said ! against it" Good my Lady again, you "went to hear Ann Eliza's lecture," and you were neither amused or edified. Does she always read the same words ? How she must weary uso people who have auy brains, and make of them ! it really does not speak loudly to me in favor of her audiences; thank Heaven I was not one of them ! for such an audience must could listpossess a morbid, vitiated taste, that en to the Parrot talk of such a palmipede Lecturer (?) (save the mark) I have not the least possible desire to proselyte you, or any other -Kin." person, not even my own. "Kith and "peoMy religion is too precious to intrude on honest ple we meet" I embraced it with an to ita heart, and have done my best to live up last thirty precepts and requirements, for the - 187 if years and have nevefr jjeleA the, firet moment that I repented of that grand epoch of my life Paul said, he 'became a fool for the Gospel ii i j rn ui: ii testifies of this, after i j j t.. , a all King Agrippa accumulated increased of learning,, that he was an accomplished scholar-- yet "he said the words I have quoted So I with ade-cestock of school education and afar higher one acquired in my beloved borne, my parents being my preceptors I, too became a fool for the Gospel's sake; but let me define this, I laid my heart and brain Upon the altar and many of the dogmas pf the High Church of England,in which I.was raised and educated, vacated my cushioned Pew in the dear old Church (I mean of course the building) and attended a Chapel where we sat on benches beside the poor, the unlearned, the humble, and the unsophisticated, with of course excepr tions to all these, for the net was to gather of every kind, There we assembled in a of Latter-da- y Saints, obeyed laid down by our Savior literally; entered by the door at which He had passed thro' before us, setting an example to all who would hereafter take the name of Christian. I virtually laid my all upon the altar, if these-centurie- ? s nt ? -- -- 0 . . n happy-congregatio- the-Law- s if this and much more constitutes me need be "a fool for the Gospel's sake," I willingly claim th" title ! but my experience realized to me that I sprang to a higher degree of intelli- gence, and have so continued ! here Paul and I appear . to differ; but when we meet I have no doubt we shall see eye to eye, as we both obeyed the same laws, laid down by the same Master. I do not pretend to assert that the mighty heterogeneous masses of people that have been gathered into the Church, of Jesus Xt. are all Saints in very deed; that is neither probable, or possible, but I do know that a large majority are the honest and pure from all nations, desiring to know the right way, and to walk therein. All this mighty Gospel education you may be sure is not acquired without much labor, trial and it may be suffering. When a child is sent from home to "Boarding school," does it jiot suffer in its feelings and affections? Does it not find the lessons hard to learn ? Oh ! sometimes so hard ! but it is placed there in kindness, for its own benefit, and that, it may hereafter be a blessing to all associated with it; and that it may become useful "in it? day and generation." The L. D. S., are in the Lord's school, tho highest yet upon the earth. Those who enter m ignorance soon become well informed and intelligent, they are taught true principles, and then they govern themselves of course; as a natural consequence the most assiduous, soon become the most efficient; but stay ! You'll think I'm preaching! If you - .... desire to ask me any question; either through the Exponent, or by private letter, I shall be pleased to answer to the best of my ability. Don't trouble your mind about Polygamy, (that is not our word)becauso that it is now a forbidden thing. We have now become, under the iron rod of Priestcraft, in the free Republic of America ! I When that is settled, what next ? For that is only the first letter of the clerical alphabet "they" intend to teach us. Polygamy is a detestable word to me, coming out ofmouth3 that speak neither with the "spirit, nor with the understanding." I have written as fast as the pen could transcribe my thoughts and ideas; truth is easily told and needs no forethought or circumlocution it is a God-lik- e word but is almost obsolete in some places; were it the universal motto, how much sorrow, and "sin, would bo wiped from the earth. . Your friend, Hannah Salt Lako City May 5th, 1882. T. Kino. 3 