WOMAN'S EX P 0 instructions from Sisters, Presendia Kimball and Zina D. H. Young. President Hannah Huntington presiding. Singing by the children, "Gather them into the fold." Sister Zina said, I am well pleased to see so many smiling faces before me, I have traveled a great distance since I saw you last, I saw a t many fine looking children, they were dressed very nice, but they were not clothed with the Spirit of God, as these dear children are before me. Those children.do not know of the true and living God as you do, nor do they enjoy his blessings. I visited a blind assylum; in one room I saw a number of.young girls learning to do fancy work, in another room were boys busy studying their books which have raised letters, they were, all blind but apparently happy. Now little clyldren how thankful you all Dear children ought to be, for your be and kind courteous learn to toward one anwith treat other, elderly people great respect. If you. wish' to become great men and women and please your Heavenly Father, you must do as near right as you can; do not use tobacco tea or coffee. But above aU honor and obey your parents, and God will bless all of you. As my sister and I are called away to Provo our visit will be short with you But I( ' God bless feel'to say you all. Sister Kimball addressed us on educating our minds with the principles of the Gospel. Boys I exhort you not to use tobacco, for the word of God tells us, it is not for man; if you want to be pure and white, drink neither tea nor coffee. Children be kind and loving toward all, especially the aged, you will then be prepared to take our places, for we will soon pass away. Be faithful and you will live to see the coming of the Son of God, if you have aith you will stand in that day and help to build up his kingdom. Honor and obey your parents, and teachers, that you may be pure for the pure will be saved, when the wicked shall be destroyed. God bless you all yand preserve you from harm and danger is my prayer. Sister Zina then exhorted the children to be industrious and learn to do all kinds of work, that they might be useful men and women, said be neat and orderly, in all you do for there is order in the' house of our heavenly Father. I have a petticoat to show you that my grandmother spun, wove and made for my mother when she was a baby, it is ninety-si-x years gj-ea- , eye-sigh- t. to-da- y. . old. Children if some of you are clothed better than others do not make fun or despise them, but dp all you can for their, good. Love to do good at all times. God bless you all. Brother Reiser felt to endorse all the sisters had said, Singing by the children "Joseph Benediction by Wm. Smith's First Prayer. H. Kelsey. Martha J. Reynolds, Sec'y. The Massachusetts House Committee woman's allowing electors. on recently reported a bill woman to vote for Presidential Ex. suffrage, Mrs. Matilda Joslyn Gage informs us, that Mrs. Elizabeth Cady Stanton sails for Europe soon. Mrs. Stanton has a son in Paris and will doubtless join him there. We sincerely wish her a pleasant voyage. , The state convention of the New York Woman Suffrage Assocsation was held in Utica,on the 9th, and 10th of March. It was a very enthusiastic meeting, and the four sessions were well attended. Speeches were made by Dr. Clemence Lozier, of New York, Mary 8.1 Howell, MrsLillie Mrs. Matilda Dr. Harriet V. Joslyn Gage, Chapin, Mrs. Caroline Rogers, and others. A County Committee was formed by the ladies of Utica and other towm for the county of Oneida, Ex. D.-Bla- kV SOCIETY IN THE EAST. NT. 175 v tract the nation from all thoughts of Polygamy. This Conkling appointment seems too much of Although I am not authorised to publish this letter written to me by an old friend and playmate who is still living in the East.yet it shows up life in "Christian" Monogamy m so true a light that lean not refrain, though for her sake the names are withheld. "March 5th. 1882. "Pear Helen: "Your last letter bears the date Jan. 20th I have had the 1881 and is yet unanswered. disposition to write you many times, but I am" a woman of cares and sorrow, and am possessed of so little strength to do that I am compelled to spend my hours waiting, "only waiting" for I think of you often in these rest, but days when the Polygamy problem is before the people. What will result from it all, who can in-vain- . tell? "I think all these problems that come up help to move the world. But dear me I see so much to deplore in society here, that I oft feel sick at heart, and ashamed of the perversity of human nature. What the remedy is or should be 'I am not competent to decide. But right here there is plenty of "marital infidelity" and accompanied with hypocrisy and lying to a powerful extent. With me lying is "the sum of all villainies." "Dare to be true, nothing can need a lie, the fault that needs it most grows two thereby." "Your son Orson said here that the only argument against Polygamy was jealousy, and believe me women suffer here more from that cause. And it does seem to me that if monog- amy marriage is or should be set aside for a rule, and more liberty given in the social relations of men and women, yet for those who have placed themselves under vows of constancy each to the other, that such should be true to their vows, unless they get the consent of each other to deviate therefrom. "I will give a little of our family trouble. -- 16 My brother married a girl in P year3 ago. For some six years there have been some who have judged her to be false to him. He has fought it bravely, and suffered much for her sake, because he believed her innocent; but tne past few weeks here demonstrated beyond a doubt her wickedness, I say wickedness tor she has constantly avowed her innocence, and has poured into my ears the story of her wrongs, and she had such an air of injured innocence and told her story so well, that I was fooled, and I have never been called credulous, but guess I have been. When the facts were made known to me and I was obliged to yield, I groaned and wept aloud. Such a long line of hypocrisy and lying, sinks into insignificance the adulterous connection. But say they, "the lying always accompanies the adultery and is always regarded1 the lesser crime." But, I should be an honorable exception and would shame the devil once, by owning the truth, rather than lose my by lying. Brother has a bill of divorce with the custody of the children, two girls one thirteen and one six, bright girls. There was no publicity given to the affair as she did not contest, and he gave her more money. , Judge said it was a clear now imu no la a" fane,' is in X a dose for Republicans. " Men are treacherous and selfish. Who can be trusted ?- I have little faith in an overruling power and am no spiritualist I can easily understand why you and I think so differently, My hope is as good as the best. I entertain no fears." In her last letter before this she mentioned a similau case in a respectable family therc,whom we were well acquainted with, though they were not members of our church. Her parents and my own were great friends and were among the first who received this Gospel. They were worth considerable property and were among those who first became disaffected and fell away. They joined the church called Josephites some years ago and their daughter who wrote this letter has seen so little of the spirit of Christianity in them, or any other sect professing it that she has lost all faith in an overruling power. When a little girl she had a severe attack of fever caused by taking cold which left her a wretched invalid for life. Wo have corresponded for years and in previous letters she has made me acquainted with many things, that prove to me how little happiness there is enjoyed by those who have once possessed and then lost the light of this Gospel. In the letter which she refers to I spoke most plainly upon this subject and told her how great and terrible would be the punishment of parents who had led their children away from the only true path, when they should meet them before the Bar of God to give an account of their deeds done hero in the body, I told her that she would then know (if not before) that these things were true. I felt impressed to speak these words though I did not know exactly how she would receive them; and I confess that I was surprised to hear that one of her brothers after reading it had expressed such a desire to come to TTtoii. Saints can afford to be bold and fearless for our weapon is truth and truth is mighty and will i--wtoy II. M. Whitney. prey ail HINTS TO MOTHERS. BY HANNAH T. KING. -- self-respe-ct - jj: Pre-bee- n- to- - ehurch-torda- y . it better on the very little to satisfy, but think all. Brother M whole than not to go out at was here this winter and read your letter; said he did wish he could go to Utah. It will not be strange if he does some time. I wish he , could meet OrsoiL. .' .When do you expect him home?-- the papers you have sent, and often see articles" I wish you had; .but you are very well posted I see. It will not be very to dis strange if there is. trouble here enough 'I have received That namo is so universal, that the glory the grandeur and the mighty responsibility of that sacred name is often forgotten ! ' It is a namg next only to thatof God In the ritual of the Church of England in the baptism of infants they have snonsors, ana godwho are called mothers;1 and since I have seen a greater light and comprehend a more perfect order I have Mother! 1 god-father- s, often pondered on those beautiful titles, and felt there was a truth, and a principle in them, not understood by those who used them; but the sponsorship is a noble provision, and in many instances, such have taken upon themselves to literally fulfill it to children bereaved of their parents. But tho mother, and her duties fill my thoughts at the present let it be bornejn mind that I am not, writing theoretically but that which I gained in a deep and practical school, commencing when only eighteen years of age; I advance nothing at anytime, but what I know to bo verily truo! mo-ment,'a- nd to those who realize tho responsibility, an almost overwhelming novitiate and none can effectually accomplish it, unless they seek for strength and ability from the Father God: To rear children that shall be a blessing to themselves and all that indeed a mighty they aro associated with, is achievement! Education must begin with the age; yeA mother; even in the ante-natbelieve this to be a most important fchooJ xK , more to rear children, i3 . al 